===== 0002601_19071109_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
AND THEIR

ACCoMP kNYING PROCII;SSE•f. CONSULT

w. J. BARNES.

51, I;FOTI STRETT, WARRINGTON.

AR E YOU grFFERING FRC', RIF UMATISM ?

If 110, SEND TC-DAY fnr st Large Pottle of the new remedy. rIisVINY'S RMRTMCATION, 50 TO fIAYLFY MANUFACTURING COMPANY, ."r°ll, RPati Deleon, N.P. Price Is. lid. post free. .amole Will be sent on receipt of 3 Penny Stamps for ltr—ing and postage. invaluable for Athletes, Cyclists, °°thailerii. and Amateur Gardeners.

No 1600

===== 0002601_19071109_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
- • -

F OR

ARTIFICIAL TEETH

===== 0002601_19071109_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
1.011111....•;....... . , • t.' ... 1......., . •,,t; .., . .p. . •.- , -• . -..,.. ..., ..- :-....t: •,•,.. .:11..,„1/47,-,-.- ... , .. . I .. • .1.• - ''. .." -,..,.... V% ~..-4:AL,.,1-, ~ ••, : 4 4,..,,,t,.0 ,f,,, 1 1,,,N.,,v.• „... N... 4, ,:,..... ... . .. A . 4. '. 1.. :I': ' I .. • . . , ' - 4 . ' -.--_-:_.--" ''.------''' '\; / 1' ' '. • ) . ..... '' - 1 '!4' 1 • -,- .",-, 4 • . ''' ..-:/' , \-1,..'. l';_ *.- ?... ' 1:42,1,, 4-:- -...r : ..,... lez., _,,,.(,_ ~ , ..

ONE PENNY

E

SIUTUREPILY, NOVEMBER 9, 1907.

fbougts anti kanb on

BRIG HTON.—Residences, tea views, n 6,195, tarnished £2; shops and bthineates.—Youmns,Auetioneere, Hove.

FOR SALB.—AII those THRSH SHOPS situate in Winwick Rt.. Warrington, and numbered 37. 39. an' 41, at present in tbe occupation of Nfre.Stirrup and Mr._Brockle- burst. together with buildings an 4 stables In the rear. Gross annual rent £175 125., subj.et to an annual chief rent of £2O lls. 6d.—A pply S. OwExe, Estate Agent. Widnes.

By :POsT t is' 1 71d. per Quarter. 6s. 6d. per annum. Is. gd. per Quarter credit.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
OPuration.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUNG PEOPLR

SWAY till youß OPPORTUNITY? .1 I

THH CIVIL STIRVICE presents to erery healthy young person a splendid chance of a lifelong vosition, with a good commencing salary, an annui.lly increasing salary, and a retiring pension. All appointments are gained through open competitive examinations—held tutu tlly twice a year The exams, are conducted by Government. Thrre is no favouritism, no influence. Wtite to the Peoretary— QKETTI pOLLEGE, j 5, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL, For a Guide to Civil Servile Appointments—free. The College also prepares students in Commercial stNects and for the following examinations : (1) PROFSBSIONAL, (2) MATRIOITLkTION, (3) rXFORD CAMBRIDGE Arm PRBORPIORS' LOCAL, (4) TRACHEIF. . _

A PRORPECTUS givltir hill information of the above will be sent post free. Eend exact requirnoents.

FANCY STRIPE GAUZES, PLAIN and FANCY SILKS, 42.1 n, RICH SATINS,NRYSTALLINES, VOILES, etc. Dainty Evening Coats and:Wraps. Gloves, Furs, Laces, !Ribbons, Flowers.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

HAVE A GREAT REPUTATION FOR PO STER PRINTING EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. Plain or in two or more colours, are the most attractive tbat can be produced, and make a very bold and striking display on Hoardings and Walls.

JOHN WALKER & CO., az: "EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON. BEWSEI STREET, WARRINGTON.

WIDNES. £5, £7. no, Z2O, X" £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES. MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and ell Respeat• tle Householders, on their own security, without delay, en our simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. H. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNHS. 700? OP THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN H. GOODWIN.

N.B.—Warrington and Rnn,orn Appiliant may reoeive Money any Eveking at their on Homes.

'MORS. OF TEETH TEETH J. H. PARKINSON TEETH HAVR OPRNRD AT TEETH 14, SA.NKEY ST., TEETH WARRI NGTON,

MANCHESTRH,

AND WILL ATTSND TEETH EVERY WEDNESDAY 11 to 7 TEETH Branches at CREWE, NORTHWICI4 TEETH and;WINSFORD. (See Local Papers)

EVERY S&TURDAY 11 to 5.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
Oale bp Ruttti;n.

IMPORTANT TO FURNITURE DEALERS, BROKERS, HOUSEHOLDRRS, AND YOUNG PEOPLE ABOUT TO FURNISH A HOME. 16 DAYS' ANNUAL CLEA RANCH SALM BY AUCTION Without Reserve, ,f the Who'e r.,f the Manufacturers' Stock of HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, ROYAL COURT SALE- ROOMS, RYI NDS ST., WARRINGTON, WEDNESDAY. N'• V. 6Tn, AND FOLLOWING DAYS. Entire ctock must be cleared by December, Ist.

JOHN MAGINN WILL SELL BY AUCJION Without P.eserve, on the Above and Following dates, these Fnormoue Stocks of Household Futniture, Bedsteads, Bedding, Carpets. Rugs, Oilcloths, linoleum. Fenders, Blankets Bed Clothing, Pianos, Organs, Glass, Chins, Ironmongery. Office and Library Furniture, Clocks, Bronze', Lft,3l3 Curtains, roilet Ware, & Plated (1031.. In order to meet the requirements of bnyers of large or small lots, the goods when convenient will be offer,d leaving the purchasers the option of taking any number they may require ; and any articles may be put up for sale on any day at any time they are asked 'or by intending purchasers. _ _

VALUE 01,1 STOCK EXCESDS £5,130. Suites of Bedroom Furniture i Pianos and Organs, ranging in oak, mahogany, and in value torn 25 to 130 walnut, by the bast Prglish gui-eas, t.y dirinemed, d. Collard and Caßaul, limit Pairs of Washstends and Pauer,Westphall, Gr .hame, Dressing Tables with Cramer, &c. ; Orgaas by matb'e slabs & back, swing the noted makers ; Farran I bevel plate toilet glasses of and V, VI/. the latest designs & finish. Overrnantels with bevellei Chests ef Drawe sin walnut plates, in mahogany, oak, and mahogany. walnut, 'heraton & Chip- Sh'etoards in pendale patterns. walnut and oak, f nging, Washing, and Telescope Dini g Tables in Mang liog Machines. sizes frarn 6ft. Bft , and 141 r. Sewing Machines by Jones, long, with massive legs and smiger Wheeler and Wilson, loose leaves, in walnut oak, Vertical Feed Co., & other and mahogany. standard makers. Kitchen Tables. Kitchen Hat Sans and Hall Starils Chairs In walnut, mahogany anti Kitchen Dressers with oak. Hall Chairs, &c. sycamore tops. Roll-!op Office and Writ'ng Bedroom Cane-bottom Chairs. Desks. American and Austrian Bent- Old Euglish Seeretalres arood Chairs. Cid nnendale, Sheraton, and Rocking and arm Chairs, mahogany Commode Chairs, &c. Tauroorn Stools, Bentwcod & Bookcases and Chiffoniers in Piano Stools. walnut and mahogany. Suites of Dining-room, Draw- Kitchen Fenders & Fire'rons. ing-roorn, Sitting-,oom, & Wass & Brass-mounted Psrlour Furniture, in Fenders, Aelipans. Sheraton, Chipp.mdale, Sets of Fire 111 asses 11: Firs antique, and modern styles i ecre.ns. upholztered in morocco, I inoleum rt an, leather, saddle bags 011clottr,Stair & Lobby Cloths. velvet, silk, tapestry, and Squares of Brussels, hair seating Axminster. Oriental, and Cabinet ain mahogany, Tapestry Carpets, from Chippendale, and walnut 3yds. to syd n squat... Pier Glasses and Chimney Wool Rugs, He WI Rugs, Glasses. Axminster & Oriental Rugs, Brass Bedsteads, French and 13,0 r Mats, sca. Parisian sty lee. 8-day and 14-lay Re4u! Ito!. Iron and Bra. s Bedstead°. CI cks. Alarurn, Marbis and Wood Bedsteads in Sheraton FAncy and Chippendale style, hien Vases & 0 nament,, Trinket Oak, walnut, & mahogany. Sets, roile: Ware, &C, Wire Mattresses and lie r Matt reeses. China Tea Sets, Crown Darby, Wool Mattresses & Feather Royal ',V orcester, Minton, Venstian, and 133hernian Beds. Wool Flock Beds, Bolsters, Ware. Pillows, &c , &c. Quantity of TablealoLlaz, Bed Occasional Tables, Flower Chtlaing, Blankets, isider- aands, tc. d wn Quilts, &c. TO BE OtD Wllf!Otrp Tbe above is the largest stock of Household Furniture ever offered for Sale by Auction in the district. The stock is valued at over £6,100. The goods were purchased for the Vendor's usual trade, and will be GU.ViAN VEND PERFIOT In every way unless otherwise described at time of sale. ENTIRE STOCK MUST BE CLEARED. Sale by Auction to commence each thy at 2 30 and 7 p.m. Sale by Private Treaty from 9 a m, to 2.30 p.m. each day. The whole of the stool( on view MONDAY and TUE WAY, November 4th and sth For furth.r particulars apply to JOHN MAGINN, Royal Court Sale Rooms, Rylands St., Warengton.

mahogany.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUOTIONM3E, & VALUER Office and Salerooms : No, 1, BANK-STREET wknaiNGTort. TELFPuonc, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED oN GoODS DEPOSITED TO SALZ. New and SFlnnti-band Parnlt.,re and other Goods constantly on Sal.. by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Pnrnittite, U., war 'housed,

===== 0002601_19071109_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
lartnersbfp-5•, tzsfittsllrs.

DEM/NS PURCHASING BUSINRSSES can he accommoditecl with Capital at MAURICE AND CO., 31, Cairo at.. Worriment'.

YOU WANT TO DULL your Buisiness ?—lf so,ooneult Mr. (I.4)^,DEL'., Thriness. Agent. Legb et., Warrington

BJSINKISHS WA.PTED.—AppIy T. CovrnELL, Legh et., Warrington.

QOUTHPORT. TOB&OCONIST'S and Hairdresser's Li Putiness for Diapo,al nett profits Li las. weekly capital required £2CO.-1)11 NE. Voluer, Southport.

ROCP.ItY AND PROWSION BUSINIM for immediate dipporpl wish nice fowl house hnd hen run behini (sacrifice.—Apply T. COWDELT., Business Agent, Leh et., Warrington.

INotor ears, eptles, Tarriagr% ttr

DIiFY Csrel. Punctures with RONALD ' Cure ; Agents wanted ; free eatrple sent.—lowan Wynn, Lavenharn.

fANK-HORSH BilAlCw, cart 12,in good wo-king conditlon RP, or exchange Pony.—R. HUME, 91, Wear..!: et., Wineford.

rilwO-WHICHLRD VAN FOR RALF, equal to new; mutt 1 he eolcl.—Arrly ItimLo'res, 151, lower Moss lane, Hulme, Manchester.

pOR SALB.--Light Fourwheel VAN (Baywood) fine condition no further use. One Horse or Patr.-136, WITTON ST., Northwlch.

Nl44Oltli I'UNCTUtiIIS If you use our patent bands whinh do not slow tyres for cycles 3s. 3d. each, motor cycles 46. 9d. each, post tree.—G. ALDER, 53, Victcrla it., London.

3-RAKI, seat 8 inside, eondition equal to new, London L builder, price £35 (photo) ; set of brass mounted double h s.gs.—J. Daus •s".:Y, The Willows, F:ixton, near Manchester.

NEW LURRIRS 6 cwt. and upwards, Box Cart. qin. wheels ; 2 new Milk Floats and Butlivsr's Carts ; second-hand Lurries. Box Carts, )arrnouth Oarts;icheap,— GnxxxwooD, Market Ground, Stalybridge.

(IYOLli. Marvellous sacrifice ; gent's slew 1907 machine, kJ highest grade Clincher tyres, Crabbe r,fler lever front and back rim-brake; very latest ; Perry a ball-beKring tee. wheel ; plated rims ; coloured °entree ; black enamelled and lined frame ; mudguards ; magnificent machine ; not polled ; comple'e, with gas ir.mn, bell, pump, spanner, etc. ; £4 se. great bargain ; worth donbie. Send on approval Any di-tance before cash amt.—M. Homsr, St. Madge, Pitman-road, Weston-super• Mare.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
Autruitural Probuct, 41ant5, Szr

NAM ROsRS, 6 dwarf, all different, 2s. 9d.; 3 climbers, 2s. 3d.— BomFoliD, Nurseryman, King's Norton,

LIINHST OA.NADIAN APPLU9, just landed, 201. 1.40,b• 12 barrel, under 2d. Ib.—ARTHUR DE &YToN Teddingtnn.

FIPRUIT THIO4 le 3,-101. 6d. garden bundle, extraordinary value, write for particulari,—Mtssr., Chirt :uttcn, Mildaton..

ROSICS and MAIDEN APPLE TREES 35. 6d. doz., 253, 100. Send for c ttalogne.—ROCK NUR9ERIE9, Carterton, Clanfield. Oren.

DOTATORS.—Ur-tc-artes snsl Snowilakes.--Grancl Cookers, by bushel. cwt, sack or ton.— Prices apply ALDER r 13.im-88 & S3N, Potato Salesmen, Woking. Surrey.

_— DULBR.—A reßlly genuine offi-r. Post free, 12 choice 1) named Mynalutbs 21. 6,1. ;100 choice mixed Daffodils, 2s. 6d. ; 100 Narcissus Pliaa<an.' FVBS extrA • fine, 23.—A, & F. Moss, B. Drp'., 45. K ng William at., London, R,c,

I3U 1 B select cheat) : fine adxed hyacinths 14.61. dozen, Daff wile 6d., White Narcissus 44., Snowdrops 4d., Tulips 4(3., Crocus 34., all per dozen, carriage p kid, ca3h with order ; list free.—PAXTEVP, 2t, Oxford at., MitrlCtletiter

DLANT NOW for Spring Blooming Wallfloweab, Bi-nd Red an ; Canterbury Bells, and nweet Willlam 20, 3d• ; 10', le. ; I,cCO. 7b. Early Cabbage Plants 2,2 d. ; 100, Bd. ; 1,030, 53.—Z. FIURST, 57, Wardley lane, fa wintcn, Maneheater.

DHUBAIII3 ROOTS, Hawke's Champagne, for frro;rhe rr plantinv now. Forcing siz. 2. 6d. eoz , 16. 1O planting size Is. doz., 6s. 100, 10s. 1,000. Royal Anse t, planting size, It. doz , 6., 10) —l. Gopnwfx, Isrltet Gardener, Ponders End, Alludiesex.

T4'oll SAL/C.—Bedfordshire Ohirnplon Strawberry Plants; the latest variety brought out and believed to be the largest and beet in enitivatton. Ats,, Paxton's vrel'-.00 trimmed and ready for plaMtifl Dic ace .rung Tail- ties required, if untold.—,ipplY HLGG, Farnbaro'.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
McbOUGALL'S Paterit SELF-RAISING FLOUR. BEST REPS The Examiner, Saturday November. 9, 1907,

STRAIGHT TO THE LUNGS.

New and Up-to-Date Treatment for Cough s, Colds, and Bronchitis.

Most people have enly too goed reason to dread the rapid apprcach of winter, with its fog and frost, snow and sleet, cutting winds and clammy atmosphere. Most of us have suffered from bad colds, winter coughs, tender throats, or sore chests, to say netting of the fear of pleurisy, pneumonia, bronchitis and asthma. But Peps, the wonderful medicine compressed into solid tablet fotrn, have robbed winter of all these terrors. Peps are not only a sure cure for all throat and chest ailments, but a certain safe- guard against all those colds and chills which are the gateway of all threat and chest troubles. With a box of Peps always handy you may defy coughs, colds, and bronchitis, even in the worst weather. You take a Peps tablet out of the silver jacket in which it is sealed, and place it on thelongue. As the tablet dissolves, powerful healing, strengthening, and get m-destroying fumes arise, and are breathed direct into the throat, bronchial tubes, and lungs. In this Unique fashion the throat and chest are cleared of phlegm and other impurities, lurking germs of disease are destroyed, the membranes injured and inflamed by incessant coughing, are soothed and healed, and all the breathing passages strengthened and toned up. The uselessness of liquid remedies for lung troubles is obvious to all, since it is quite impos- sible to swallow a liquid into the lungs. All' liquids pass straight into the'stemach, and mcst old-fashioned cough mixtures and cough-cures are dangerously loaded v, ith opium, chloral, morphia, and other narcotics and sedatives. Peps are entirely free from these abominable drugs, and are safe alike for young and old. The Peps method of compressing a breathe-able medicine into solid tablet form is the latest triumph of modern science, and has realised the aim of many great specialists in throat and lung troubles.

Peps are praised everywhere by people who have proved their wonderful power in cases of chronic cough, colds, bronchitis, asthma, influenza, sore throat, winter cough, old age cough, bron- chial asthma, difficult breathing, tightness of the chest, laryngitis, quinsy, chest weakness, factory and workshop coughs, cli!dren's coughs, bronchial colds, wheezinesQ, huskiness, and other throat and chest ailments. . .

Firmly refuse all cheap substitutes, and look for the familiar blue and gold wrapper with the short distinctive title —Peps—in bold characters on the box and in raised letters on every tiblet. Of all chemists or post free from Peps, Cal lton Hill, Leeds, at Is. Ud. or 2s. 9d. per box.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
SLATE CO. V. WARREN.

END IT LITIGATION.

Injunction as to S!2tES Oniy.

The case of Warrington Slate Co. v. 3: E. Warren came up for hearing at the Lancashire Chancery Court held at Manchester on Monday.—Mr. Eastwood (instructed by Mr. F. R. Roberta) was for the plaintiff company, and Mr. Eadford (instructed by Mr. C. H. Unsworth) for the defendant. Mr. Eastwood said this was a motion for judgment in an action brought by the Warrington Slate Company against a former emplo36. TLe plaintiffs asked that the defendant might be restrained for a period of one year and six calendar months from the 31st May, 1967, Item carrying on or being interested either solely or as a shareholder, partner, manager, lender' servant, adviser or otherwise in the business of a dealer in slates within the area included- in a circle within a 50 miles radius from Arpley Station, IVarrington, in the county of Lancaster, and for payment by the defendant to the plaintiffs of £lO damages, and for payment of the costs of this action down to the date of the defence, so far as they relate to the claim of the plaintiff com- pany, in respect of the dealings by the defendant in slates within the said ate, and the defendant may be ordered to pay the costs of the plaintiff company in that motion." His Honour asked what was the nature of the com- pany's business, and Mr. Eastwood replied th:.t it was a slate business. The firm also dealt in cement, coal, building materials and matters of that sort; but their main trade was con- nected with slates. The defendant, he understood, was willing to submit to an injunction restraining him from dealing in slates for a year and six calendar months. The only matter which had to ho decided that day was as to costs. Mr. Radford: But what are you going to do with the rest of the action relating to the other business ? Mr. Eastwood : I ask now for judgment on the facts have stated. If my friend submits to the injunc- tion with regard to the slates, that's all we want. His Honour: There is nothing about cement?

Mr. Eastwood : Oh, no. Mr. Radford argued that defendant ought not to pay all the costs of the action, but only such part as related to slates. There were several businesses in connection with the firm, but that connected mith slates was more extensive than the others. Some however were limited to the immediate area of Warrington. His Honour granted an injunction in the terms of the notice of motion and ordered the defendant to pay the costs of the action incut red in the claim as to slates only, together with RIO damages. The result of the action is that Mr. Warren will now be able to deal in everything except slates, but he is -restrained from trading in slates for fourteen months from the present time.

THE NEW WIRELESS SERVICE. AN INTERESTING MESSAGE.

One of the earliest messages to be carried by the ethereal waves on the opening of the trans-Atlantic wireless telegraph service was the one quoted below conveying cordial congratulation to Dr. Marconi from the London Office of the Columbia Phonograph Com- pany with whom the "wireless wizard" has been for seme time associated as Consulting Physicist. "The Columbia Phonograph Company hastens to greet M. Marconi, their Consulting Physicist, and to extend their heartiest congratulations upon his magnificent achievement ef what,even a decade ago, would have been regarded as the wildest dream of a chimerical visionary. Accustomed as this genera- tion is to the marvellous, the harnessing of Nature's forces to transmit, without physical connection, telegraphic messnes from one hemisphere to the other, overwhelms the mind by its mystery and magnitude. Your name, associated with this stupendous accomplishment, will never be forgotten to the end of time." It is interesting to recall the opinion expressed by Marconi, on joining the Columbia staff, after his examination of the plant and product of the Company. In a press interview at the time, he made the signi- ficant remark :—" So far as the mechanical construction of the Columbia Graph-o-phone is concerned, I do not see how it can be improved." Full particulars of the instrument which thus carries the recommendation of the most talked of man of the day may he had free by simply dropping a postcard to " Room 20," Columbia Phonograph Company, General,64 and 66 Oxford-street, London, W.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON-LE-WILLOW'S ARGUMENT.

It is always helpful to find others arguing on the same side RS ourselves. here is fine support from Newton-le-Willows of an argument that many of us here have used. This is what Newton-le-Willows says. "I was troubled with inflammation of the bladder, and backache, for six years," says Mrs. M. A. Chadwick, 41, Mill-lane, Newton-le-Willows ; "a bad confinement caused the ailments, and from then I suffered off and on. Every cold I caught, or any extra work I did, brought on the troubles ; sometimes I would ta laid up, once being in bed a fortnight. " The pains in my hack struck ra like a knife-thrust about every twenty ruhnites, or if 1 moved suddenly : there was a constant pain as well. I used to apply warm flannels, which eased mesomewhpt. The urinary secretions were rather thick, and very painful. "I always felt very wearied and drowsy, and also nervous. I had headaches' giddinesg, and terrible palpitation of the heart if I. was flurried, or when I went upstairs. I was also short of wind, there was a dazzling before my eyes, and my sight was poor. "I used Doan's pills, which have proved splendid, better than anything I ever used. They acted well upon , my kidneys, and then ease in the other symptoms followed; I have been very well since. I did a hard day's work the other day, and was surprised at. not , feelinf, any ill effects, which proved to me how much good feeling pills bad done me. (Signed) M. A. Chadwick." • Doan's Backache Kidney Pills are two shillings and ninepence per box (six boxes for thirteen shillings and ninepence.) Of all chemists and stores, or post free, direct from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells-street, Oxford-street, London, W. Mts. Chadwick was cured by Doan%;; be Ore that you get " DOAN'S."

===== 0002601_19071109_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

STRANGE WEDDING.

BY CHRISTIAN LYS,

fiuthor of "The Fortress of Yadasara," "The Mystery of Ladyplace," "The Flep,sworth Millions," "The Doctor's Idol," "The Opening Door," "Mr. Quixley of the Gate House," &c.

In the tragedies and comedies of ;ife much depends upon the setting. How little, compara- tively speaking, one thinks of a crime committed in an alley of East-End London! It seems natural Vint tragedies should occur there. But let the orlme happen in fashion's centre and everyone w 11 talk it into a great sensation. Here was a tragedy, not of the vulgar sort—of cowardly blows, or the taking of human life—but a very real tragedy nevertheless. Broken hearts are matter for amusement to those who do not understand ; science has no panacea for the mAlady, and the whole-hearted laugh it to scorn. Yet the malady is common enough, only its sAting is so often mean that it is overlooked.. Here it was different. The setting was all that w_nilth could devise. A thick carpet deadened t) silence the falling footstep. Costly furniture and bric-a-hrac were in the room, and pictures only possible to great wealth hung upon the wolls. The subdued light from a shaded lamp fell upon the woman's silk gown, and drew cilours from the diamonds upon her fingers. It ,st a glow, too; upon her beautiful Face—the t agedy in this setting of wealth and luxury. She had been playing. The piano stood open, and somet music had fallen on to the carpet. Now she idly turned the leaves of a new novel, bit she was not reading. She was thinking, d ifting backwards as she so constantly did when sic was alone, forgetting the present to touch w th memory's sensitive fingers a past which had o ice been happy. It was the memory of that t me which had been her strength during the five Img years of her married life. Yet, as often as sic thought so, she took herself to task for the Viought. Had she not her boy? Did she not c instantly steal up to his room in the evening a id draw the curtains back from his little bed to

s .tisfy herself that life still held something

p •ecio-us ? As she turned the !eaves listlessly there was a s mnd in the hall. With an effort she conjured _ _

iti? a smile into her sad face. It was a thin vmeer to the tragedy, but it had served success- filly for five years. As the door opened she half rose. "You are earlier than---" But it was not her husband. A servant crossed Vie room and handed her a card .upon a silver s aver. The colour came into her face as she r3ad the name. For a moment she hesitated, glancing towards the clock, and then with a little c ttch in her breath she said: "Shew him in.,, She rose from her chair and stood looking ab hr visitor in silence for some moments after the d)or had been closed behind him. "Robert ! " "I have come back as I promised, Ethel. Had I known how I should find you I should have s%ayed away. Do manY women break their oaths a: you have broken yours ? " "I had no alternative," she answered. • sit down? " The man made a little gesture of impatience as h complied. "I suppose not," and he looked quickly round Cie room. "Money commands; it does not ask. E;en now I could give you nothing like this, but i the old days you used to say you would be s ..tisfied with a little." "I do not understand why you remind me of flat," she said. "Forgetfulness has come too, has it? What e tnnot money do? Still, you did say so, and I, plor fool, believed you." "I spoke truly." "Then why are you George Fielden's wife ? " She did not reply immediately. She had &len asked herself the same question, and it'though the answer to it came easily enot4,ll a h ating doubt sometimes followed. Was she quite justified in making the sacrifice she had ? "I told you all in my last letter," she said after a pause. "You told me- ? " and then he broke off. °That letter never reached m 2." "Never reached you ? 7 "Never." "Then 3i)-ti 'know nothing "anly that I have been working for seven yetirg, toiling hard and living in miserly fashion, in order that I might come back to you and say: _ _ _ _ _

" Won't

Ethel, I claim youi• promise; be my wife." She pulled a ribbon which hung at her waist reflectively through her fingers. "I wondered that you did not write to me," she said; "I askbd so many questions in that letter. I waited through dreary weeks for, your answer, but it never came. I had no alternative but to rely on my own judgment. I think I aeted rightly." "And married money ? " "Yes," she answered, simply, either not noticing the sneer in his voice or ignoring it. There was a pause.. Something in her face startled the man. Something he read there changed his views. "What were the questions ? " he asked, and he spoke in a more gentle tone than he had done. "It was not money that influenced me at least, not for myself; you should know me better than that. When you left England my father appeared rkely to get on, but the ruin had been too com- plete. It was not what some call ruin, a wcessity to live a little less expensively, to do without some of the luxuries of life; it was ruin nat called into hideous reality the question of d tily bread. For a time my father struggled bravely, but his health was broken awl.- his clump) beaten out of him. Robert, starvation . _

stared-us in the face. I tramped London for d•tys in search of work—in vain. I wrote to you a ;king advice; more, whether you could possibly

marry-me, whether in any way-we could -provide for my father and mother._ No answer came to

my leiter. What could I do? For their sakes I married George Fielden." . .

"I never got ihat letter."

"How could I know that? You accuse me of breaking my promise; surely I might as justly accuse you." "And your father and mother ? " lin asked. • "Are dead. They died within a week of each other a year after my marriage." "And you are happy ? " He paused before asking the question. He knew II? ought not to ask it; indeed, he tried not to a,k it, yet it would come.

"I helieve I have done my duty," she Baia. "That is no answer."

"It is the only one I can give." "The only one!" he said, passionately, rising and -standing before her. "The only one, when for seven long years I have been slaving for you; when every action of my life has been done with one object; when at the first possible moment I came to claim you, feeling certain that I shall flail you waiting. 1 have done what I left you to and now--"

, "Now it is too late," she said, quietly. "It is not your fault, nor is it mine. It is fate." She got up as if to put an end to tho conversation.

"Is that all the consolation you can give me ? " "It was not intended for consolation. I have everything to make me happy. I have a kind, considerate husband, my boy, and--" "And yet you are not happy." "Perhaps fewer people than we imagine are in this world. Why ask me such a question, Robert; you know I have no answer to give." "Not to-night, • perhaps, but later; the answer always comes later." They both turned quickly. One of the windows opened into a conservatory which communicated with the hall. George Irielden had come in quietly that way and entered the roofil as he spoke. "Yes, Mr. Hume, the answer always comes later—unless the husband takes steps to va.snt it.

"That is an unjust remark," .said Hume, hotly. "As fair, surely, a:3 asking my wife whether she loves me ?" "I did not do so." "It came to that; we will not quarrel over phrases." "But you make an aceusatipn against me." "I heard enough to know it was time I inter- fered, Fielden answered.

Hmue's face coloured slightly. An angry retort came to his lips, hut the look in the woman's face held it back, A moment's reflec- tion made him conscious that there was Field/m.l's side to the question as well as his.'

• "You mu sit nrant than have some re4.4OU 17or my aisappointinent, Mr. ',lament" lie saint quietly. "If a hasty question of mine has offonded you, you can afford to nardbn it."

"My dear Mr. Hume, I am a matter-or-fact man, and not at all the kind of individual to play a part in a scene; but I um practical enough to know the danger in these romances, and to understand that sympathy is not often given to the husband. I ask your pardon if my words seem harsh, but I choose to take precautions. You will, therefore, consider yourself a stranger lo us for the future."

He rang the bell as he spoke. "Mr. Fielden, I-" "Excuse me, servants so generally have keen ears. Ido not blame you; perhaps in your place I should have done the same," and then, as the servant opened the door, he added: "Then we shall probably not meet again, Mr. Hume. Good-bye."

Mrs. Fielden did not move nor look up as Robert Hume left the room, but as she heard the front door close she went back to her chair.

"You do not give me a hearty welcome to- night, Ethel," said her husband. "Have I returned too early?" "No, I expected you an hour ago," and then she looked at him. 'George, do you not trust me ? "

" Perfectly. " "Are you aware that what you said just now was insulting ? " "It was not so intended, but, my dear Ethel, lam not altogether a fool. You did not answer that fellow Hume in a convincing manner." "I wished to be truthful and kind."

"Exactly, and you succeeded in being more kind than truthful. He has gone fully persuaded that you still love him, and that you are cursed with a monster of a husband. Have I done nothing to make you happy ? " "Yes, -George, everything." "But not enough to kill that old romance ?" "It is past." "But not dead."

"Is it worth while talking about it ? You m trried me knowing that such a romance, if you like to call it so, existed. I made no secret of it, and you were content to marry me. Let the p tst rest. You arc a good husband to me; I know I have been a dutiful wife to you." "But there has been no real love; is that what you mean, Ethel ? " ‘There has been very real respect. Itsts longer than love. "Well, let it be so. • Of course, you quite understand that I wish you to have no further elmmunieation with Mr. Hume."

It often

"My own knowledge of right and wrong is quite enough to guide me in the matter. Your sAggestion is only a further insult." "Nonsen.se. Alter all, .voq inn, not, have to

The torrent of her 'righteous anger oven'vneiriied him. He was ashamed of himself, but his jealousy had, become almost a disease, and the horrible scheme he had devised only last night, and with morning had thrust behind him with a shudder, seized upon his fancy and refused to be forgotten. All the worst in the man was aroused, and he went Straight from his wife to put his scheme into action. The lawyer .wrote from his dictation, asking his client no questions, sliming no surprise. He was not Mr. Fielden's usual lawyer; to him he had not liked to go.' . "Is that all ? " asked the lawyer, as Mr. Fielden paused in the recital. . "Is it not enough ? " "Quite, I should- imegine." • "Does_ that will leave her any means of

444. ;11:, *.sa !

2 , ~ , ''.i, . _ • 3.-,!,t.-4,-,..., '•-.,,:t ,•,;.• . ,-5 ~.,:.. .1::::.? '• ''.,- i- . . -...t.-..,., :.,-,ff .....e. .--,,,z, 4-4, , - -..51,4 0 ,-;,...4 4.: .., .•••,, .....,,,.: •47,,, „... 0.,,,, ~.f.,, . . .. ..r-, •-:. ~..:.--_:, * r... , . Nr,,,,,_ .i,;*:%,, i'.1::;::_;,,,-. '...:..2...: 445 ~0 i.-,.-J ...-:-. .--...:

===== 0002601_19071109_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
escape?"

"f should say not. She might contest it; but I think she would fail to get it set aside. May I point out, however, that, supposing your wife refuses to comply with the terms of the will— as, of course, she may do—your son--" "I know," said •Fielden, irritably. "I strike her through the child. I know her. She would refuse to have anything to do with so hideous a business but for the child's sake. She will do it for him."

"She may," said the lawyer, doubtfkilly. "But she may not. If she will not your son is practically left a beggar." "I had nothing when I started in life; he will be no worse off than his father was."

The lawyer bowed and made no further com- ment. He was well paid for his part of the business, and it was not for him to criticise. It is possible that George Fielden would have altered his will when he had had time to think over it and to become more reasonable; but the next morning he was in a high fever and delirious. For three days he' continued in this state, and then sank into a stupor. Dr. Vacher, whom he had lately consulted, was called in, and he said that the patient's condition had probably arisen from some shock or undue excitement, and, considering the state of Mr. Fielden's heart and the general feebleness of his constitution, he could give little hope of his recovery. "There is brain trouble as well as heart, Mrs. Fielden."

The next day George Fielden died. The night before he was taken ill he had shewn his wife a sealed letter, and had placed it in a certain drawer in his desk.

"When anything happens to me you must open this letter. It will tell you where my will is, and explain certain things which I wish carried out with regard to my funeral."

By the way she looked at him the lawyer saw that she had not done so. _ _ _

, "It is a- hard will," he went on, "and of the reasons which led your husband to make it I know nothing. Let me advise you to consider the matter from all points before refusing to comply with the terms of the will. May I suggest that you should consult your friends ? " George Fielden had judged rightly; he struck his wife through her son. For her own Bake she n3ver would have consented, but for her boy— that was a different matter.

"I will take your advice," she said. 1 She had many friends, but few to whom she could go in such a case as this. She decided to consult two only—Mr. Barton the family solicitor, and Robert Hume himself.

Both were indignant at the condition. "How can I possibly advise you ? " said Hume. Mr. Barton, an old man who had come to have a fatherly feeling for many of his clients, was ;of a practical turn of mind. Love was to him no more than a circumstance which often ocasioned legal proceedings, and was, therefore, to be treated with cool, legal judgment.

'"There is no time for long consideration," he said, "and it seems to me that the only way to ! look at the matter is in the light of the future. Supposing, therefore, that you were free in the ordinary way, Mrs. Fielden, and that, after a • certain lapse of time Mr. Hume asked you to • be his wife, would you be inclined to marry him ? " : "Really, I--" j "Oh, I know it is a most embarrassing question, but you have asked my advice and I am trying to find a way out of the difficulty. Let me try another way. Grant for a moment, Mr. Hume, that this fortune passes from Mys. , Fielden, would you be likely to. make her- an offer of marriage ? " I "To make her my wife has been the one great wish of my life," Hume answered. "She was not rich when I asked her to marry me years ago." "Come, we are a step forward. Now, Mrs. Fielden, don't you think you could manage to ! answer my question ? " Hume lent and stood behind her chair and put his, hands .upon her shoulders. She looked • up • into his face. - ; 'I should consent," she said. "Then, seeing you have a son to consider as ' well, I should comply with the terms of the will," said Mr. Barton, decidedly. Hume bent over her. "Will you marry mo like this, Ethel, for the boy's sake ? " ccv,, " aka anowniwa

===== 0002601_19071109_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
pat up wiin me very long. saw vaener again t3-day, and he looked solemn enGugh over me." . .

She was beside him in a moment:

"What did he say ? " - "That I must be exceedingly careful. You will not have to wait long. I fancy I have a e,ovenient heart which will stop before you are too old to----"

"Pleme, George, Say no more; it is not just to me."

"I am sorry, Ethel; forgive me. If I did not love you quite so much as I do, it would not Ater. "

Circumstances were against George Fielden. Not naturally suspicious, from the moment he found Robert -Hume in his drawing-room he began to watch his wife. He listened for a hidden meaning in every word she uttered, found some ground for speculation in her every action, and all the time he hated himself for doing so. He had known when he had married her that she did not love him ; she had been perfectly frank with him, and he had been content to marry her. Now the true regard and loyalty which she gave him seemed of little worth again4t the one thing lacking. He had never really given up the hope of Winning her love until now. Robert Hume's return had shown him that his wife's heart was a kingdom he could never hope to enter. In the bitterness of his ,soul he sometimes spoke angrily, bringing a sudden flush to his wife's cheek ; but she would have pitied him had she understood how many of the things he was tempted to say were choked back and remained, unspoken, how he fought as daily battle with him- self, ever loving her, more deeply, ever growing more jealous. The horrible wish to make her suffer as he did was alwaya in his mind. Many and many a scheme he devised, only to put it behind him and try to forget it; yet every one took up a. lodging in his brain, ready at any moment to tempt and torment

His wife bare with him and studied his humours. She contrived to- talk of the things which interested him, met him always with a smile, made no complaint that he watched- her constantly, and would not notice how he tried to catch her at unexpected moments. She was innocent of all blame ; why Bhould she mind h:ying watched.? But her patience had very little real result. "You will not have me long to put up with, he Would say, even when she supposed she had been most successful in her treatment .of him. It was his constant reproach. But one morning she turned upon him. He 1)141 driven fly brealii,thst voiut

===== 0002601_19071109_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
World-Famous Lung Tonic.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OLD ORIGINAL and

===== 0002601_19071109_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
PUBLIC SPEAKERS,

===== 0002601_19071109_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THROAT WEAKNESS

and those who suffer from

===== 0002601_19071109_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
FIND IT SAFE AND EFFECTIVE.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
Beware of Substitutes; ask for " OWBRIDGE "when buying Lung Tonic and TAKE NO OTHER.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
Prepared by W. T. OWBRIDGE, Ltd., Hull. Sold everywhere in, bottles, at Is. lid.,

2.;. 9d., 4s. 6d., and 118.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
ny co you tam or Inis now r "For no particular reason. Leaving my affairs in order will not hurry my death, Ethel." This letter Mrs. Fielden opened .immediately after her husband's death, it merely gave the name of the lawyer who had made the will, directing that he was-to be sent for, and that no final arrangements were to be made for his funeral until his wife had heard the will. Mrs. Fielden knew little about her husband's business affairs.. She knew that he was a rich man, might possibly be much richer' than she had thought him, but She had never troubled to ask how hi money was left. She had taken it for granted that she would be well provided for, and that her son would inherit his father's fortune.

The lawyer came that afternoon. "You have brought Mr. Fielden's will ? " They were alone together in the drawing-room. "Yes. May I ask if you are in any way acquainted with the contents of it, Mrs. Fielden ?"

"Your husband gave you no hint whatever?"

"None whatever."

"I am afraid it will be rather a shock to you. I am a stranger to Mr. Fielden ; in fact. 1 only saw him uncle, on the occasion when th 4 will was made a few days ago. I imagined he had very strong reasons for making it." "I do not understand you." "You will," answered the lawyer. The will was of considerable length, but the real purport of it was contained in a few lines. His wife was left sole executrix, and, after a few legacies, received half his property, the other half going to his sort on his coming of age, and in the event of the son dying before his majority, this half was to revert to. the wife for her sole use. But there .was a condition. "The foregoing is subject to the condition that Ethel Fielden, my wife, shall marry Robert Hume, and that the marriage shall take' place at twelve o'clock at night by the side of my corpse before the lid is placed upon my coffin. The marriage shall tlke place by special license in my own house, and shall be performed, either by a clergyman, if one can be found willing to perform the ceremony, or, if not, before a registrar. Should my wife refuse to comply with • this condition, the 'whole of my property, so far as is possible, i 3 to be,diVided between the following hospitals." And then followed,a list of them. There was silence for some minutes after the lawyer had finished.

"of course I refuie to comply with the coodi. tiong," said Mrs. Fie:dm, slowly. vu thousrbt .of your., son P "

t

===== 0002601_19071109_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
COPYRIGIIT.

SINGERS,

===== 0002601_19071109_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
"Dion, Mr. • Hume, we will make all arrange- ments for to-morrow night," said Mr. Barton. "I will write to this solicitor and ask him to be present as a witness that the will has been duly complied with. I congratulate you on your decision; I believe it is the right one to make."

That was a strange wedding which made Robert Hume and Ethel Fielden man and wife. Outside was the midnight rumble of the streets, the world of pleasure and fashion going its several ways with light or heavy heart as it happened. Within the light was dim and cold, making the faces of the living almost as ashen as that of the man lying in his coffin placed on trestles at the foot of the bed. The clergyman, an old friend of Hume's, read the service in a subdued tone, and the answers were given in a low voice. And then it was over. Husband and wife stood hand-in-hand beside the coffin for a moment, and Ethel bent down and kissed the dead man's forehead. It was her forgiveness for what he had made her pass through. The rumble in ,the streets grew less and less until it was silent altogether. The lights in the room were out and the door was locked. A breath of night air stirred the curta'ns at the window a little, and a ray from a street lamp cast a yellow patch upon the ceiling just above the coffin. Without it was still, very still; even fashion and pleasure had gone home to rest. Within it was still, death still, but the wind was rising a little surely. There was a long sigh just now which sounded like the first breath of a coming storm, yet the curtains stirred n-lo more than they had done. There the sigh again, louder, deeper! it awakened sounds in the dead room. That' was a mouse in the skirting surely, and that—Great Heavens! the room was not death-still. It was full of life, struggling, pulsating, throbbing life. The trestles creaked, and fingers, with the muscles in them strained, grasped the sides of the coffin. Then the.whito figure rose to a sitting posture. The wild eyes glanced round the room and then at the strange and narrow bed. The man sighed again. For a moment he felt relieved, was glad that his horrible dream was not true, but the next-- "I (tin dead," he whispered, for his eyes - caught the shape of the coffin lid standing ready there and the glimmer of the brass plate upon it. "I am dead, dead to the world. It was no dream, but the truth. The, were married itt:-.4t now, here close b.!side me; She did bend to kiss me. I have been hi some frappe with ears to hear and understand, yet motionless—dead." Th.! yAlow patch upon the 'ceiling was paler . of lift.) iv the vir

===== 0002601_19071109_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
_ . viithodt, 'End the 'sound "Orthe wheels of a huts, waggon at a distance. That was the first low the officials of the District Council bad power to act on' note of a bird, and dawn crept slowly out of the other People's lands ma matter affecting their particular' East. The light grew stronger in the room. district. I Mr. FURNESS said, the Council should -exercise its; "The dawn. 'What shall Ido ? " powers, and if it did he thought the nuisance would be At the head of the coffin was a table; a f.3w very much minimised. He believed the St. Helens, bottles stood on it, and his own medicine chest. , Corporation was under an obligation to treat its sewage. He remembered that the table was pushed there in such a way as should not be offensive to the districts, just before they were married. In that chest along the course of the brook. there was certainty. - The CLERK said the great dif:iculty in dealing with "It is the only way after what I have co e. " Sankey Brook had always been that it was a question of "You're another." His lips muttered a prayer as his fingers felt Mr. FURNESS : But we have power that enables us for what he wanted in the cabinet, a small to inspect the conditions under which they are treating bottle, ribbed and tightly corked. He knew it their sewage and if it does not conform to our ideas well, its dark blue colour, its warning red label. we can object to the Local Government Board. He had looked at it sometimea and wondered The CLERK I quite agree. how men could be such fools. He did not think Mr. FURNESg said that power ought to be exercised of that now while his fingers were busy with the to the hilt. He suggested that the Clerk and Surveyor should ascertain what power the Council possessed to• cork There is little m 41," he murmured, "and it . ' compel other authorities to treat their sewage and them " i inspect the conditions obtaining at St. Helens. will be quickly over. No one will ever guess. The CLERK: The preliminary movement would be They left me dead and dead they shall fixd me.".. for the inspector and medical officer to find out what

He lowered himself into his narrow bed carefully, making all as nearly as it had been- Then he raised his head a little and drank the contents of the bottle to the dregs, and -threb the bottle into a corner of the room where it rolled under a heavy piece of furniture. "Grant they may not find it; at least, not yet." Then in the room all was still again. Without there were more sounds of wheels and the rattle of a rapid milk cart. There were footsteps coming and going, then many that came and went continually, an I more traffic. It was a new day. • The key was turned in the lock presently, and they entered the room with soft tread. They saw that all wa3 right and orderly, and they covered the dead man from the world's sight. They knew nothing of the blue ribbed bottle under the furniture there, and how should they perceive that a very, very faint odour was new since yesterday?

the state o things is. At present yon are not in Iv position to detail the cause of complaint, as you have no knowledge of what St. Helens is doing. Mr. FURNESS : We know that a nuisance is being committed. The objectionable condition of the brook- for some time speaks for itself. Dr. SEPHTON said the St. Helens Corporation were practically doing nothing when the Council's repre- sentatives visited the place some years ago. They should ascertain what was being done now and then would come the question: Should not the Warrington District Council abate the nuisance as far as it was concerned ? They were contaminating the brook to a great extent and would it not be well to wash their own- doorstep before compelling others? Mr. FURNESS : I don't think we ought to withhold our hand in any way in trying to clarify the matter sent into the brook. Even if we do our part it will be no use until steps are taken to make St. Helens do theirs. Dr. SEPIITON said the brook came to St. Helens per- feCtly clear but on leaving there it was like an ink pot. ' The CLERK said the unfortunate position in regard to the brook was that they were all culprits. If the Council would wash their own hands they could throw stones at the others very freely. They laboured hard •on the question twenty-five years ago and it had been a subject of difficulty ever since. It was decided that Mr. Furness, along with the medical officer, surveyor and inspector, should investi— gate the causes of pollution and the powers of the Council and report.

George Fielden was dead and buried, and Robert Hume and his wife were away. They were going abroad shortly tor good, and the furniture in the old house was to be sold. And in moving a heavy wardrobe the men found a blue bottle and threw it aside amongst the rubbish. It had no story to interest them. [THE END.]

===== 0002601_19071109_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT

COUNCIL.

The Pollution of Sankey Brook.

The monthly meeting of this Council was held at Bewsey Chambers on Wednesday, Dr. Murray presiding. There were also present :—Messrs. R. Forshaw, W. Furness, A. Brooks, W. Houghton, J. Backhouse, W. Stanier, P. Longton, J. C. Sutton (clerk), F. Kerfoot (inspector of nuisances), Dr. Sephton (medical officer), B. S. Newcombe (surveyor), H. H. Burnage (assistant surveyor).

===== 0002601_19071109_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUMES OF WIDNES.

The CLERK reported that further correspondence had passed between Messrs. Gibbon and Arkle, Liverpool, and himself with reference to the appointment of an inspector of alkali works within the Widnes and Run- corn area. Some time ago the authorities interested in the matter agreed to the appointment of an inspector and it was understood that the Warrington District, Council should pay £l7 2s. 31. per year. It had, how- ever, transpired that the respective proportions were being so alloted that Warrington's contribution would be £l7 2s. 3d. per half year. There was a proposal on foot now that an assistant inspector should be appointed. The whole matter would be discussed at a conference of the interested authorities to he held on November 21st at Liverpool. Two-thirds of the inspector's salary was payable by the local authorities and one-third by the Local Government Board. The salary of the assis- tant inspector would be paid in equal shares by the Local Government Board and the local authorities.

Mr. HouGuToN : What advantage is going to accrue to us by having an additional inspector? The CLERK said that personally he could not sea that it would be of any great value to the district but there 'were people who knew better than he on that point. In answer to Mr. Brooks, the SURVEYOR said the salary and expenses of the inspector (without ,the assistant) were expected to amount to £712 per annum. Mr. SACKROUSE said there was no doobt that inspec- tion of the works was beneficial to Cuerdley, Penketh and Sankey. Since the inspection was discontinued the works had turned out more acids than previously and this affected the farmers and, he assumed, the public health.

Mr. BROOKS asked if trade had been better r.t Widnes of late.

Mr. BACKHOUSE said he telieved the works had been busier. lie did not see why they should emit such fumes to the detriment of the people who had to live in the locality, without some check being kept on them. Mr. HOUGHTON: Are the duties of the inspector confined to alkali works? There are other chemical works in the district.

The INSPECTOR: He has to inspect all works. Mr. FORSHAW : Does Mr. Backhouse mean that agriculture is suffering?

Mr. BACKHOUSE : Yes.

The CLERK said it appeared to him that the Runcorn parishes would be more concerned than those in the Warrington district. Mr. 13AcKHousm agreed, as the winds often carried the fumes in the Runcorn direction.

The CLERK said be had known injury to be done even in the Whitley district by the fumes from Widnes. He hardly thought it we fair that Warrington and Run- corn should contribute in equal proportions when the Runcorn district was full of agricultural parishes. It was decided that the Chairman, Mr. Broas and the Surveyor should attend the conference at Liverpool and be empowered to agree to any arrangement pro- vided that it did not commit the Council to an expendi- ture of more than £25-per annum.

HEALTH OF _ THE DISTRICT.

Dr. SEPIITON reported that during the month there had been 29 births and 36 deaths. The death-rate was equal to 35 per 1,000 against 17.6 the average for the past three months and 23 for the correeponding month of last year. Twenty-five deaths occurrvl in the County Asylum, Winwick, so that the death-rate proper for the district was 10.7. The following cases of infectious diseases had been notified :—Scarlet fever, two cases ; diptheria, onb case. An epidemic of whooping cough had occurred at Burtonwood, thirty children being absent from St. Paul's school through that cause.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
OR FOB D BROOK.

Dr. SEPIITON informed the Council that he, along with the Surveyor and the Clerk, xi- et Dr. Coote Hibbert, medical officer to the Warrington Corporation, and visited Orford Brook. He understood from Dr. Hibbert that the Corporation said the condition of the brook must be remedied, but how the doctor did not 5a3. It was pointed out that the reason why the brook was so contaminated was mainly the fault of the Warring- ton Corporation in not carrying out the arrangements that had been made some years ago with regard to receiving sewage. Since the interview he had not heard an} thing further from Dr. Hibbert about the matter.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTIIER COMPLAINT OF POLLUTION.

The INSPECTOR read a letter from 'Messrs. J. and W. N. Hutchings, Howley Tannery, Warrington, dated November 2nd, in which they drew attention to the alleged serious pollution of Cockshot Brook. which had been going on for some time in the neighbourhood of Pedgate, but which had recently become so much worse that their water supply was threatened. Both at the Union Tannery and at their own the water was relied upon in their manufacturing processes, in fact it was on account of the water supply that the tanneries were originally bronght to Howley. They (the Council) would therefore see that this brook should be preserved from pollution, and to attain that end they had previously had to uphold their rights on two occasions. They hoped the matter would be brought befora the Council at their next meeting, and that the Council would at once recognize the urgency of the case and take steps to insure the immediate abatement of a very sf rious nuisance.

Mr. HOUGHTON thought the firm ought first to have approached the Wairington Corporation, inasmuch as the part ef the brook which they complained about was in the borough. _

The INsTizeTOR The nuisance comes from Padgate. Mr. IloutarroN They should have written in the first instance to the Corporation' end let the Corpor3- tion communicate with us. ThePadgate Parish Conncil have a sewerage scheme under consideration, so perhaps we had better refer the 13tter to them.

The CLERK strongly impressed upon the Council the necessity of doing something for Padgate cud Orford with regard to remedying brook pollution. The iNsrEcrort was instructed to inform Messrs. Hutchings that the Surveyor had a scheme in prepara- tiOn for dealing with the cause of complaint.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
SANKEY BROOK AGAIN.

While the Council was considering the above letter, a discussion arose with regard to the pollution of Sankey Brook. Dr. SENcroN said he believed the Council bad some claim on St. Helens to purify the brook to a certain extent. Some years ago a deputation went to St. Helens and found that sewage was turned into the brook withont the slightest attempt at purification. There was only one small settling tank. The IssrEeTort : I think they have been treating it lately—at any rate they have made' application to borrow money for that purpose. Mr. FURNES3 said that a year or two ago St. Helens Corporation got a Bill through Parliament to enable them to deal with their zlrainage in a special way. Had not the local authorities powers to see that these obligations were carried out ?

The :::("IZVEVOit said that under the Public Health Act

===== 0002601_19071109_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
SEVERE SCALP RINGWORM. A Girl's Wonderful Cure by Zam-Buk.

Mothers, you can easily imagine the deep distress of Mrs. Clara Whiting, of 15, Athelston- road, Folkestone, when her pretty little five year old daughter Agnes, was suddenly attacked by / ringworm which disfigured and tortured her for months. You can imagine Mrs. Whiting's awful_ anxiety during those months, and you can also imagine her intense thankfulness and joy, when, in the course of a few weeks, the unique Zam- Buk treatment gave her little daughter a complete and perfect cure. _ _ _ _

Re-ad her own story of this wonderful cure told by her recently to a representative of the " Folkestone Express." "It was nearly a .year ago," she said," that my little daughter Agnes contracted some form. of ringworm at school, which destroyed her - lovely curly hair, but this, thanks to the wonder— ful cure by Zam-Buk, has now grown again. The disease was not the ordinary ringworm' but a very bad running sore which covered all the side of her head, and gave out a most offensive smell. Then great scabs formed and I had to, have all her hair cut off.

"1 tried all sorts of chemisq, remedies zinc ointment, soft soap, and precipitate oinment -- but with no beneficial effect.. Her head g so bad that I did not know what to do with it. She would scream when 1 washed it, and the blood ,would stream from her head.

"At last I read in an Ashford paper an account of a similar case, and there was a picture of a little girl very moll like,my own, who had been cured by Zam-Buk. So.I got a box at once,- and began to use it. To show you how bad she. was, I may tell you that I used two boxes in one week. To my delight it seemed to do the child's head good almost immediately, and in a week or two there was a manifeA improvement. I had to. wash her head twice a &:iy and apply Zam-Buk, as the discharge from the sores was too horrible to describe.

"Eventually the sores all disappeared, and the hair grew again as thickly as ever. I had despaired of her hair ever growing again, hut, thanks to Zatn-Buk forming a new skin it is now thick and beautiful again." Of all chemists, Is. I!,d. and 2s. 9d. per box.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
LICENCE TRANSFERS.

Footballer as Licencee.

The Warrington Transfer Sessions were held at the Borough Court on Monday, the Mayor presiding over a full bench. The following transfers were granted : Marquis of Granby. Church-street. from Frank James Whittle to William •Hanktnson ; Stimfrrd Arms, from Ralph Barlow to Thomas Hackett ; Griffin Hotel, from John Rogerson to George E. Finch. An. off-licence in `Froghall-lane was transferred from Alfred Eddowes to' Lewis E. Jowett ; another at 223, Winwick-road from William Jones to Plebe Wood,late of the Boar's Head:. and a third at 58, Legh-street, was transferred from Robelt Whitfield to Joseph W. Robinson. Mr. Browne applied on behalf of Messrs. Greenall,. Whitlcy and Co. for the transfur of the Rose and Crown, - from William Donworth to Thomas liockenhull, a play- ing member of the Warrington Football Club. The Chief Constable said Hockenhall was a suitable man fora licence.

Mr. W. Roterts (a. magistrate) : Is the fact of being' a footballer a recommendation for a licence-holder? Mr. Browne : I don't put it. that way. Alderman Tinnion (a magistrate) : It is no dis— qualification ? Mt. Browne : No. • The transfer was granted. ALTERATION AT THE FEATHERS HOTEL. Mr. Browne, on behalf of Counlillor Rogers, landlord,applied for sanction to an alterition in the interior of the Feathers Hotel, Bridge-street, which is owned by Messrs. Greenall, IVhitley and Co. The improve- ments, he pointed ont,would decrease the drinking area, and also ensura more privacy for the family. Mr. Segar Owen produced a —plan sliowing the pro— posed alterations. The Chief Constable said he had no objection and the. application was granted. •

===== 0002601_19071109_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSS COUNTRY RUNNING.

SUTTON TIAttRIERS (LIVERPOOL DIiTRICT SENIOR CHAMPIONS) V. WARRINGTON A.C. (LIVERPOOL DisTnicr JUNIOR CHAmPtoss.) The Ex-Northern and National Champions visite& Warrington on Saturday lost for this inter club fixture. Trail was laid over about seven miles of splendid Country by two• runners whose absence from the path is regretted by all local sport Amen viz.: C.J. St riw and J. Par3onage- Twenty-five turned out from the Bridge Inn and started from Bridge Foot at a very lively pace, which was well maintained throughout, Warraigton eventually winning easily by 30 points. Herbert Holbrook was first men home in 41 min 23 secs., C. BradAttw (Sutton) lid, 41 mine. 58 secs., G. Watmough 3rd, -12 mine. 22 secs., H. K. Jepson, 4th, .1- T. Mullhall sth, S. D. Parsonage 6th, .1. Blinston (Sutton) 7th, A. Tilley Bth, A. Ford 9th, T. Peace (Sutton) 10th, J. Morris (Sutton) 11th, C. Berry 12th. Sutton as visitors had chosen to count six aside dud the points were distributed thus : Warrington I 3 4% 5 6 8 Total 27 Sutton 2 7 10 11 13 11 Total 57 Both clubs had several absentees, the most notable' being S. Wilding and J. Bailey of Sutton ; M. Tavlin, B. -Bennett and G. Beswick of 'Warrington.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
TAKE THIS TO-DAY

To your Chemist for the ?law Remedy for NERVES, STOMACH AND KIDNEYS.

Costs only a Few ?nee. A new remedy has lately been Lrought to light which is now being recommended and prescribed everywhero. It is made from a fatuous prescriptiom by a noted specialist, and is called Dr. Cassell's Tablets. It costs only afe v pence, and we advise all persons, young or old, who am o suffering from any form of nerve or bodily weakness, or such com- plaints as indigestion, weakness of the kidneys and back, palpitation, loss of flesh or appetite, weak lungs, and those who are in any way thin, weak, nervous, or badly developed, to try these tablets. Stout people may take them without fear of increase of adipose tissue, because of tkeir extrlorclinary power of converting fat into sound healthy flesh, blood, bone and muscle. The price is only 10.1,11., and any chemist will supply Dr. Cassell's Tablets. The public are to be congratulated in now being' able to secure this famous remedy. for everyone who takes it is astonishfd at its marvellous strengthening effect.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
. . .., .... .., ~,...i FOR . ....:::‘,„.„,„,,, ..;.,4.,.,.,, ..,..,,,,,,,,..,.;,,,,,..,,,,":„,....0).,.:.".;:g.„.„,,,,,.,..,..,:.„.:_::..;.,,..,i,_::....:., ~..,,,,.,,_,, _„. , ~.,,..._:„..,.,.....,,, 7,-..., -:-':-.,;,,--.„..- . _.,-- - , .-', - -, 4 .;-. , A t .;+ .. 0 ; ::t , .. 4 . _ „ . '''....,:" '..4',.. WI., &l: , .':...r, 4 ' ..... '. - . „ , ~ .; , , _ . _....... - :.. -,..?...,..i., 's. t./4-1 °' .Z.V:I '...`' 1; .a.4t.i. ", 1:: ' ' , Ze ~.,,...- s ... ' ,1 ,c-", , /.1.-,.:. i',, . -... . .. -: 1 :::, ~ . 77-.4 ...,-:: -.-t-,..1 ioi-li-t ~. Q.: - -.. .. .. ' =-- -- . - ,--..,...-...? ri-.- .‘:•. , . ,7,..., .. -..1.-41-: ) ::-,k.t..-,- COLDS - - - .. d t --... i, - ,k, .. ~ A , .., - ;.-a..„ :-.-.--,m,ge.,s:-:,• ~',4•.'t,' .4-,:r•' 't":„, ,f..., -_ - - . 4 ~,a, 't • "•.• AIN- *:'-'4 .C: ,:iv:*,,,„,..ir `,•A''..,,,,g4Z- i' ...;„„. •,..41 iq, 1.4. _ . -.-..A...Y1e 4-4,41-'.abc %-s -R,, •,... - , - - . i-`..41--.., te;!,- 04'44.'.• . . . , • et Vti: . ~.1..,*.0.. ... '11`,:: ."- • -,:,..A.40..4A- • t,...;;k - , ,-,.. , ' . . OUIIIIS ' 1 et. ElGittEes 1:11T-t- ..ElEg e•-' ) 4,..- ~ „. t`,4* yii,,- t -A..,..,10-17._ ' ' "...: .4 ' '',.'' ~,- , 4- --,,,:il • , . , _ ( Of Chemists Everyvihere

lateral-fold tneory; it eannot possimy ve 'ex- plained by the gill-theory.

SYMPATHETIC INSANITY IN TWINS.

A strange sympathetic bond existing be- tween twin sisters is related by Dr. G. S. Walker. From childhood there had been an unusual mutual attachment, and physically this bond was also strangely shewn by the fact that if one of them became ill the other was almcst sure to • manifest the same symp- toms. The culmination of this strange -rela- tionship came early in 1900. While away from home one of the sisters became violently in- sane, there being no apparent cause, no here- ditary predisposition, and no premonitory symptoms. After about a week the other sis- ter was sent for, and upon seeing her sister was attacked in the same way with acute mania. Both were removed to an asylum, and, as a precautionary measure, were kept in different wards, and no intercourse be- tween them permitted. The progress of the two eases was almost exactly identical. When one would have an acute attack, the other would be similarly affected. When one com- menced to improve, the other one also was better, and relapses occurred in both at prac- tically the same time.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

---- The ,Rinsas ,Tewels.—The Presentation of the ; tullinan diamond to the King on his birthday, : 118,,tt gi ft from the people of the Transvaal ' THE FLORAL HEAD-DRESS. „ jill add immensely to the value of the Royal Regalia, • ;int the Crown je*els do not of course belong to His Floral hairdressing is one of the favourite -alajesty personally. They are held in trust, by each ideas this autumn, and many picturesque effects ,I„?ccessive Sovereign, and belongs really to the nation. are being obtained. One of the prettiest designs ..lille King, although he has any quantity of persqnal e is a cap of single geranium blossorni, ael it inwels• does not care much to display their, and when makes an excellent decoration for a low cognise. ordinary dress His Majesty's jewellery seldom con- ists of anything more than a small pearl scarf-pin,plain This cap is in a three-cornered shape on a fine gold stnds, and sleeve links. The stars and crosses net foundation. The edges are finished in fine belonging to the Orders of which the King is a member green leaves and the geranium flowers are set a an re nearly all set in magnificent gems, and it is when closely that no space is visible between. IreaPing these on State or full-dress occasions, that His •lla• iesty a .0 , Another pretty decoration, seen in a theere appears a blaze of dazzling jewels. The Portland Estates.—The claim to the Portland recently, was made, says the Tribune, of red !;states, which Mr. George H. Drnce has been prosecut- berries and green leaves arranged in two large ' jig-for many years pest, appears to have entered upon circles, each one being worn closely at the side q,,phase that is likely to focus material points at issue. of the head. These berries and leaves almost '`ue claim is bele g financed by a company, which is to return its sharelolders £lOO for every .C 1 share sub- completely covered the back of the head, and scribed,from the front just showed sufficiently to make a y successful, if it, is eventnall and these shares I.'ave ft market value, of about -g3 or £4. The vast Pretty frame for the face. Ihilterests involved make the case almost unique in the The spray effects, outlining the puffs of hair. ,aistory of claims to great estates. as in addition to the are being worn with charming effects, and the immensely valuable London property of the late Duke contrast in colour of the 1' of Portland, there is also involved the Scottish estate, e little blossores ci,ed "reprising 10m,,, 70:000 acres in Ayr, from which the brings out all the good points in the colour of resent Duke of Portland, and Lord Howard de Walden, the hair and the artistic arrangement ef the wtive a large income from coal and iron. The case, coiffure. These sprays are made of laburnum, ieli aPPears likely to come before the public with wistaria, or the tiny bell flowers, and they all urenewedas interest, does not meanwhile appear to greatly ..!" turb the Duke of Portland, who, with the Duchess, start from a, central point in the heels of the hair ls arranging to entertain the King and Queen of bpain, where the Ifigh combs so fashionable just now and Princess Henry of Battenberg, at Welbeck Abbey, are inserted. Each puff of the hair is outlined this month, by these tiny flowers, and separate sprays of A Long-Lived Family.—There have been few more varying lengths are pinned down over the back remarkable examples of family longevity than is of the hair, mingling with the curls at the nape Thomas hV that of the Earl of Leicester whose father of the neck. ~ Ins °lnas William Coke, was born in 1751,and an account or w. DRESS IN "PINAFORE' STYLE. , Who life has just been published by his great grand 'Child Mr, A. ma Stirling. Mr. Coke was chiefly a great Serge or some fine woollen .material may be tigriculturist and did much to improve that industry, used for this pinafctre drets, in a dark shade of but, lie also had no little influence upon the social and blue, green, or brown. It can then be worn fil)o . litical history of his time. He was made first Earl of with several different coloured blouses. Our 'eiflester in 1837, and died in 1842. His son who was born in Ive •' lin, -s- is the present Earl, whose youngest child the model is in fine brown serge, trimmed with William Coke is only fourteen years of age, so straps of galon worked in two shades •of green. th ,et should this boy attain the again of sixty-one. it The fulness of the bodice is arranged in pleats Will be a case of three generations extending over a lders, and at each side of the centre 'Period of two centuries. When the present Earl married e.second time in 1875. just one hundred years had elasped is a box-pleat stitched down a few sinesni • • is s father's first wedding in 1775. He too,married I,!gain in 1821, the Earl of Leicester being the eldest '''°.,° by the second wife. c , t'ady Randolph Churchill's Memoi rs.—Lady Randolph . run-chill, who is now Mrs. Cornwallis West, gives some !Pteresting reminiscences of her early life, in the Century Magazine," this being the first contribution of her memoirs, which will eventually appear in book Vrtn under the title of "The Reminiscences of Lady a(andolph Churchill," Mrs. Cornwallis West was horn Brooklyn, hut she tells as her earliest impressions v- ere gathered in Trieste, where her father, Mr. Leonard fr°,m, e, was American Consul for three years. The 4"ailly afterwards returned to America, but came back :fiEurope in 1807. and lived in Paris. Mrs. Cornwallis West is able to tell us many interesting stories of court P,ld social life in Paris, before and after the Franco- ;.-erman scar. She met Lord Randolph Churchill in Cowes in 1873, and for the next twenty years shp was a aV'Y prominent figure in the political and social world. 's'ile was, as it were, behind the scenes, and few had a mere intimate acquaintance with -the leading personages tipd the inner working of affairs during that period. _or this-reason, the subsequent instalments of her liemoirs are likely to be of even greater interest than the r Present one, which only deals with the incidents of 13e life down to 1873. Fashions Unsuitable for Short Women.—Seldom has flame Fashion been more creel to the short girl than Sue has this autumn. Scarcely any of the prevailing 'odes snit her and she can neither appear to advan- tageti in the large hats, or the threequarter length coats t▪ hat are so modish, Nor is she any more fortunate in minor details. The high neck bend for instance is !'nfle more being favoured by leading modistes, but it is an impossibility for the short girl. Neither can she ,On the huge lace, or spotte'd net veil, which affords a t‘tikine finish to the tall woman's attire, and even more out of , the question is the fashionable long stole eAring over the shoulder and falling nearly to the feet. Logether it is quite impossible for the woman of 'Stunted statue to dress in the latest modes without rtking herself grotesque and It. is far better for her to eeP to styles that snit her figure even though being °lit of the fashion may be gall and wormwood to her. Gold Embroideries —lf some really unternishable gold thread were placed upon the market there would unquestionably be a considerable demand for it, for we lire most of us, aware of the fact that the " note of fold "is a valuable asset, especially at this season of 'di° year. Alas, however, we know full well that a fog Or ; nl.st invariably spells ruin to the present day gold embroideryei• and that a journey over sea is certain estruction to it. Many dressmakers, when their "simmers refuse the " note of geld," introduce a touch of black, which, though not nearly so effective, is dis- linetly smart lookina. ...New Lace made " Old."—To the majority of girls and ;omen' ecru coloured lace is infinitely more becoming „an mire white, and when we realize the simplicity of the process by which the white can be transformed into • we can only marvel that so much of the former 'Ebould he wo-n. The tint most to be desired is of rurse that of real old lace, and a very fair invitation of .bis aan be obtained bv dipping white lace into an ininsinn of cold tea. It is best to test the colour first b p Z,", dipping "a piece of )(ice, for which we have no -r`eial regard, and needless to say the liquid Ebollid arirevionsly have been carefully strained several times tbrengli the finest, of fine mnslins. Lace should never hee ironed. Monad it should be closely pinned on to a uortial covered with flannel, and there allowed to dry. .•aThe Wasp Waist.—Tbe change in the waist-line pre- ..rted in the early autumn is not quite so decided as rie anticipated. Some leading modistes it is true are dei ng their best to persuade customers to cultivate the 10 4ne wean-like waist. brit ethers are resolutely adhering 1-° the semi-short waist. This is especially emphasised Cl. the beca, where the waist line rims up a little way prl eonveys the slightest possible impression of an :1-anire gown. Taking the matter all roend, there is 1 lute to rzorrY about, for as it is impossible to .pay "If, croneet, tennis, go for long tramps, and generally enjoy life in a corset laced to cracking point, we are not Rapiv in these enlightened days to see it become 'Popular. especially as the outdoor girl and woman grow n'oje and more in evidence as the years roll on. Ibe Sensemable Goose —There used to be an old belief among farmers that Martinmas' Eve, on the 10th of November, determined the weather for the next two ril°nihs, and it was at this season that country folk salted down their meat for the winter. In former -times the goose was as popular for feasting at "Nlertin- n'as as at Michneltans. Cambridgeshire was famous for 4a geese, as is Thickingliamshire for its ducks, and , erfolk fur turkeys, brit. Sussex also has a great regu- 'Minn for its geese. lierge ntimbers are foreign' bred and hrouaas UYer as goslings to he fed and fattened for Inerliet. - The goose figures somewhat as a staple dish 'f •__,fm the festive season at .Christm, , ss but there is no '"^tibt, that between Nficheelmas rind Martinmas is the 7islit time for eating goose. It. should not he kept too 'icing after being killed, a. after three or four days it a d • eteriorates from a gastronomic point of view.. 'MADGE.

on the shou front there

i ‘

inches below the belt, A.eaving a plain pan 44- shaped piece down the front of the dress. The rest of the dress is arranged in pleats turned back from the centre. The opening at the neck is finished with two crossed bands of • galon, and the wide armholes are trimmed to match. A belt of green leather encircles the waist, and the blouse worn beneath is of soft. green silk, tucked about the yoke; the sleeves are finished with small tucked cuffs.

BRUTAL ATTACK ON A MOTHER. Michael Fallon,, a labourer, Gerard's Bridge, was 7barged at St. Helens on Monday with an aggravated I..ssault on his mother--The Chief Constable said that .the man had hfcn locked up on a charge of unlawful Wounding. The prisoner was. drinking all day on 6undaY.and late at night he ent home drunk and began -9narrellio.g and fighting with his brother. His mother .131,.iterfered on behalf of-William, and it was alleged that WCS knociced down twice by the rriSoner. Mrs. .b.alion now said that Michael was as good a son as ever • Nreathed, nod he never raised his hand to her.—Martm _earey„,n lodger, said he saw prisoner _standing over IS mother beatin,, •her.—Fallon was ordered to find •,,ureties in .£2O and two £;0 sureties for twelve months, month in default.

dr dav?‘ `. di

_ 1 _ \ ..:,',,-.4 F.? - '4, 'ai-.1 1 :ilo‘ 'A;.--/A. : 1 '''' r.),1 • (4(' \:1 \\l ( , 1‘ ' .: . - l'k_L;l )1' \ V. •'; ' , -ri,...4:-el ( ) ,iiiiiiii,:oo , :-/ i '.i i I I' 1:t\I .' ‘ \\, \,, :. ' , I 1 ' J 11 . kf \ . I. i' Or ',... , .1-: i'l f- 'l,i-, ill i "-,Z., • ii •

===== 0002601_19071109_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
A BACHELOR ON MARRIAGE.

Fashion seems really to extend its sway over even so solemn and serious a business as marrying and giving - in marriage, writes " Algernon " in the Gentlewoman. , The age at which people think of going in "double har- ness" is, for instance, perfectly different to what it was some years ago; also the relative ages of what the penny-a-liner calls "the con- tracting parties." The old Early and Mid-Vic- torian idea was that the young man of three or four-and-twenty ought to marry the young lady of eighteen, and that if a woman had not changed her estate by the time she was five- and-twenty it was safe to predict that she would live and die an old maid. Nowadays, brides whose hair is liberally sprinkled with grey are led to the hymeneal altar •in white satin and orange - blossoms as if they were eighteen, while an interesting •announcement made just the other day shews that even at five-and-forty it is quite possible to make - a bril- liant match. As to the relative ages of bride and bridegroom, May and December being wedded is the commonest thing in the world, and very often it is the bridegroom that is re- presented by May, the bride by December. Strangest of all, that the greater the disparity. in years the more successfully does the alliance appear to turn out, and as often as not the marriage of a widow to a man much younger than herself proves far more congenial than the typical young man and maiden "fusion of souls."

===== 0002601_19071109_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
CLOTH COSTUME.

For the costume shewn in the sketch brown- and-black-striped cloth is used. The skirt is plain, and touches the ground all round. The coat, which is three-quarter length, is cut away at the corners, and is bound at the edges with brown silk braid. It is cut low at the neck, and finished with lopg revers faced with brown

, velvet, and fastened with three large ornamental buttons. The low-cut opening is partly filled in with a little fancy waistcoat of cream satin, trimmed with brown, black, and gold braid. The sleeves are the usual coat Shape, and are finished with a row of braid at the cuff. The mushroom-shaped hat is of fine black felt, with 'a broad white border, and is trimmed with a hand- some Nattier-blue feather mount. TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

MOCK-TURTLE SOUP.—Half a calf's head, take out the brains, and put as much water as you ivish to make soup, with sweet herbs, parsley, a few onions, and some lemon peel. Stew it gently until- the meat is tender; then take it out and let it get cold; thicken the soup with a little flour and butter, and strain it through a sieve. Add sherry, a little walnut and mush- room ketchup, pounded mace, and cayenne. Take the brains and beat them up with a little flour and two eggs into a light batter, 4ddinc; pepper and salt, and some parsley chopped very fine; then take the, yolks of two eggs and hea.c them up; rptika them into as many, portions as you please, tying each in a bit of muslin, and bail them in little round balls; the batter made with the brains is to be fried into cakes a light brown. When the head is cold it must be cut into small pieces and laid in the gravy, the ealceS ana egg, witii ..,ome forcemeat Dail*, to be laid on the top of the soup just before it is sent to table. Every particle of fat must be removed from the surface before warming the for t-S9 table.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

NOTABLE METEORITES.

To the student of meteoric iron great ad- vantages are offered by Vienna, for its museum . contains the oldest of the large col- lections •of meteorites in the world. This gathering of 100 years has representatives of 615 meteoric falls in different localities. It contains 2,075 specimens, weighing in all three- and a-half tons: Some of tile specimens ere of historic interest.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
SUBMARINE TELEGRAPHY.

According to Mr. Charles Bright there are some 257,000 miles of cable in all at the bot- tom of the sea, representing over £52,000,000 sterling, each line costing about -£2OO per mile to inake and lay. The average useful life of a cable nowadays may be anything between thirty and forty years, according to circum- stances. About 6,000,000 messages , are con- veyed by the world's cable throughout the year, or .15,000 a day, the working speed for any one cable being up to 100 words per minute under present conditions. About 90 per cent. of -these messages are sent in word or cipher code, for business and official pur- poses.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING RAINBOW EFFECTS.

A patent has been granted in Germany for a machine which will print different colours 'on a fabric in such a way that they shade one into another. If, then, the proper sequence of colour is observed, says, the Dyer and Calico Printer, a rainbow-like effect is pro- duced: The different dyes are brought to the machine by means of ' endless bands, which are directed to various parts of the printing cylinder, according to the .effect desired. An alternative method is to make the printing cylinder take up different colours along its 'length by dividing the supply trough into com-. partments, each containing a different colour.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VOICE AND THE HAND.

In. a study, which purports to be entirely scientific, of the alleged connection between the physical and mental Character of an indi- vidual and his .handwriting, Mons. Solange Pellat, an expert attached to the Tribunal of the Seine, Paris, maintains that distinct rela- tions exist between the handwriting and the voice. An expert, he declares, can determine from the handwriting whether the writer's voice is high or low in pitch, sonorous or veiled, harsh, or soft and agreeable. But he remarks that in all cases where it is sought to determine character from handwriting, great pains should be taken to choose for examina- tion only writing that has been done under normal conditions.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
PORCELAIN AND ELECTRICITY.

- -------- Among the industries that have been pro- foundly modified by the advent of electricity into daily use is that of making porcelain. Formerly artistic considerations alone governed the various Operations of the work- men in porcelain, but now, since this sub- stance is employ,ed for insulators in all elec- tric installations, scientific processes have been introduced in its manufacture alich de- mand a great deal of special attention. The exact amount of contraction that the clay un- dergoes, the ,exact temperature to which it is submitted in the process of baking, the Con- stant employment of instruments for measur- ing the temperature and for determining the size of certain pieces—such are among the .essentials in the modern art of porcelain. making for electric purposes.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
GLASSMAKING BY LIGHTNING.

-- Tubes of glass made by lightning are often found in sand. The electricity passes into the ground and melts the silicious material, form- ing little. pipes the inside diameter of which' represents the bore of the "thunderbolt," Such tubes measuring as much as 27ft. in length have been discovered. No-doubt exists As to the method of their manufacture, inas. much as people have sought for them and ,iug them up still hot from places freshly struck by lightning. Attempts have been made to re- produce them artificially by passing a power- ful current of electricity through finely-pow- dcred glass. In this way pipes nearly an inch long and about the size of a darning needle have been obtained. From the omparative size one gets a notion of the enormous energy of lightning.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
ORIGIN OF FINS,

A controversy has been long. in existence with ,regard to the origin of the paired fins of fishes, and thus the limbs of all vertebrates, for it is admitted that the. limbs of all animals are derived originally from the primitive fin. According to one theory, these fins are de- rived from gill-structures; the arches, ,or supports, of the gills having, become modified into the shoulder-girdke (scapula and coracold) and pelvis, while from the gill-flaps, with their supporting gill-rays, the fins themselves /have been evolved. According to tha alterna- tive view, the •fins are modified, portions of a longitudinal fold' fof skin running along each side of the body. • Mr. Goodrich, of Ox- ford University, has drawn attention to the fact that the paired fins and -the centre (or median) fins are structurally similar and that while this is, in nerfect accoyd .with. the

:01/4' •-- 44:' ( )f-r,. ' i , ' ( 1. , • ^. • . 4 1 i , • •r , 4,61,,5, I 111,1t•-1,-4, e

===== 0002601_19071109_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
PLANT AND ANIMAL SYMBIOSIS.

The presence or absence of chlorophyll, the green colouring matter of plants, was at one time suggested as a distinguishing mark be- tween the vegetable and aninial kingdoms. The common .green hydra of our ponds, which was known to owe its colour to chlorophyll, was quoted as an exception. It -was after- wards found, however, that the green colour was really due to a species of one-oelLed alga, living in symbiosis with the hydra. A- green amoeba, which also owes its colour to a species of alga, is likewise known. Still more interesting, perhaps, says the Globe, is the case of, the green worm investigated by Messrs. Keeble and Gamble, and described by them in the Quarterly .Journal of the Microscopical Society. Like the hydra and amoeba, this worm, a species of eonvoluta, owes its colour to a green unicellular alga. When first hatched' the worm is colourless, and contains neither green cells nor germs of the same. If, however, the worm, or egg, be placed in sea-water, the infecting 'organism settles on it, and the worm becomes green.

The green worm can also be; so i 0 speak, BUILT UP FROM THE COLOURLEWVORT+I

and the green alga. If the egg be kept free from infection a colourless worm can be batched and reared from it. The green alga can also be isolated and cultivated. The authors have added the green alga to the colourless worm, and thus produced. the green convolute. What iS the nature of the associa- tion between the animal and the plant in this case? In the first stage it is a case of symbi- osis, an association for mutual advantage. As the animal develops the symbiosis passes into a. parasitism of the worm on the algal cells. These are found to act as an excretory system to the animal, while the latter is observed to cease from the ingestion of food. And it has been snewn that Lee green cells taken t-om the adult wcrni are incapable of sepa- rate existence. This is due to degeneration of the aucleuu.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
GOUT AND CANCER

Dr. S. Moneltton Copeman, in dealing with the question of caneer, before the British Association, said that of individuals at 'pre- sent living above ...the age of thirty-five, one in eight women . and one in twelve men -would eventually die of cancer: In certain industrial occupations the mortiility was very much. greater, to the extent of ,100 per cent. among. chimney sweep, although, of course, they no „longer climbd chimneys. He de- clared that sufferers from gout were very unlikely to contract - • cancer, tts . the two diseases were antagoniStie. Cancer was con- stitutional, and gout local.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENTIFIC PLANT FORCING.

The best natural conditions for plant growth are artificially supplied in, one of the greenhouses of the Royal Botanic Gardens. On cloudy days an artificial sun, in the form of a water-surrounded arc-lamp automati- cally moved along a tramway, sends light in the natural way to every part • of) the plants. Earthenware pipes from the engine diffuse a carefully - regulated supply of moist air charged with carbonic acid, iron. pines distri- bute heat to 'keep up the best temperature, and an- -electrostatic machine stimulates • the soil to convert insoluble into soluble nitrates, and arouses the roots to the highest degree of activity.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
SCOTTISH PEAT MOSSES.

An investigation in Scottish peat mosses by Mr. Francis J. Lewis elicits the fact that in the southern uplands the stratified plant remains shew a gradual change from a Wood- land condition to that of heath and MOSS, and then back again to woodland. In some locali- ties a bed of Arctic plants is interposed be- tween the two woodland ages. A correspond- ing sequence of the beds in widely separated areas is Considered as furnishing evidence of varying climatic differences during the deca- dence,. of the Glacial period. Arctic plants are 'everywhere absent from the base of the peat, wl)ich consists of a forest -bed contain- ing birch and hazel remains.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
RESPIRATION OF SEEDS.

Experiments on the respiration of seeds in a dry or resting condition have been de- scribed by P. Becquerel in Comptes Rendus. Generally speaking, seeds in the dry state, when kept in the dark, give off a trace of carbonic gas, and absorb a small. amount -*of oxygen. This gaseous exchange is greater when the seeds are exposed to the light, owing to its power of favouring oxidation. The testa of the seed, is an important factor in determining the rate of respiration. In Ricinus the gaseous exchange was higher in the testa alone than in the seeds from which they had been removed. Dehydration also plays an important part, and An some in- stances no gaseous exchange took place in the absence of moisture.

LIBERAL MEETING AT GXAPPENIIIILL.

SPEECHES BY MR. A I KING, M P., SIR J EMMOTT BARLOW, BART, M.P.,

AND HON. LADY BARLOW.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SIZE OF THE COMING _RACE.

Sir Victor Horsley, at a meetins of the British Medical Association, spoke in favour of making a system of • periodic Measure- ments part of the general scheme of medical inspection 6f school children. It was stated that at Marlborough -School, where - annual measurements have been recorded for twenty years, the average size and weiglit of the bcys has been steadily increasing. From a comparison of these statistics it appears that in 1906 the boys, fourteen year's old were about 51b. heavier and nearlrAlin. taller than those of the. same age in 1886. The sixteen-year-old boys of the present date keep up in proportion.

to which he had put his band. He was endeavonting to find some means of honourable peace between the employees and the directors. For his (Mr. King's) part he could mot understand how at this time of day any body of employers could pretend to deny the right of workpeople to state their grievances to them through their authorised representatives. (Applause.) He could only hope that .Mr. Lloyd George, witli his never-failing tact and his great mental powers, would be - able to bring about some understanding which would be honourable and satisfac- tory to both parties and so preserve the country from what would be a disaster—a great universal strike on NITROGEN-FIXING BACTERIA. the railways. (Applause.) Mr. Sidney Buxton at the Post Office, as well as the Admiralty and War Office A peculiarity about ' nitrogen-fixing bac- officials; had for the first time fully recognized the term a is that they grow and • form colonies right of all employees in their service to be beard only on leguminous plants. The agriculturist, directly through the heads of departments, either in order to enrich the soil . with nitrogenous personally or through their trade union referesentntives. matter for a crop of cereals, for - example, Lie (Mr, King). telieved that had been found beneficial to must grove a crop of beans,. peas, &c. It ap- the departments and to the menconcerned. Afters refer- pears, however, says the Globe, that ' -tinder once to the fiscal question and to the price of wheat,Mr. certain conditions the required bacteria can. King alluded to the outcry about the discharges front be induced to grow in other host plants. The Woolwich Arsenal, and pointed out that from June Ist subject was discussed at the meeting of the 1902 (the end of the war) to November 30th,1905, und, r British Association, and Professor Bottomley 'the Tory Goveenment 4,567 were discharged, whereas communicated the results f some recent ex- . during the present administration up to Jane of this periments. Cultivating some nitrogen-fixing O ' , I year the dischargesd numbered only 2,473. War was the ' 1 ; greatest isoreanisur of labour the country could bacteria first of all in tomato juice, he after- . possibly have for hundreds and thousands of men had wards inoculated tomato plants with the cul- to be employed in making armaments and ammunition, ture. These plants produced a greatly-in- and when the war was over we could not go on making creased yield. Professor Bottomley has also things we did not require, and consequently - there .was succeeded in inducing bacteria to , establish displacement of labour. The great cry of the Tories themselves in the cortex of the roots of now was '

wheat, though they produced no nodules as SOCIALISM. they do in leguminop,s,,plants. A That was another bogey, and he belieyed it was utterly . .

insincere. In the first place the Tories did not gener- ally define what they rriexnt by Socialism, and if they did they gave a totally false definition. They argued, if they arzued at all, in a very simple rule of three fashion. They said c.rtain, Socialists were atheists, held peculiar views on the sairctity of the marriage tie, ' and were despoilers of other people's property. The Labour party, they said, contained a few Socialists, the Liberal patty sometimes., went into the lobby with the Labour party, therefore Liberals were atheists, had peculiar views on the marriage tie, and were despoilers of property. What was the truth about Socialism? la the first place it arose, he believed, from a cause Nelich they all recognized—from the fact that there was something wrong in our social arrangements. Ata time when this country was never mora wealthy, there never were greater contrasts between the extreme luxurious wealth of a few people And the want, misery and penury of many thousands of people. Anything which tended to make it less easy for the extremely rich to become richer and easier for the extremely poor and needy to become less needy was a step in the right direction. The antithesis of Socialism was individualism. The individualists told us that Socialism was all wrong. that what we wanted was to give every man an equal chance and let him do the best for himself. They would all agree with that,but had every man an equal chance in this country to-day ? (" No.") Take the question of the land which was the source of all wealth and the basis of all industry. Two-thirds of the land of England' was held by 10,000 people. Two-thirds. of Scotland was held by 330 people and half of Scotland was owned by 70 people. The rural parts of Scotland had in recent years been more and more rapidly depapu- lated.The small crofters were first cleared away to make room for big sheep farms which were now giving way to dear forests. One-fifth of Scotland was devoted entirely to sporting-purposes. Was not there something wrong with the laws- when it paid a man to devote his land to providing pleasure for a few wealthy men coming up for a few months' sport from London, rather than to raising upon it an industrious and thriving peasantry ?' It was to remedy that condition of things that the Government introduced last year year two Scotch Bills —the Scottish Small 1-foldings Bill and the Land Values Bill. The House of Lords threw both the measures out. The English Small' Holdings Act had been allowed to pass and he believed it would do a great deal if properly woilied to keep the agricultural' population upon the soil. (Applause.) Mr. King dealt with the question of the

===== 0002601_19071109_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
More about Socialisin.

Another of the series of public meetings promoted by the Knutsford Division Liberal Association was held in the Large Boom, Graopenhall, on Monday evening. There was a fair attendance, Mr. W. Long presiding. There were also present on the platform :—Sir J. Emmott Barlow, Bart., M.P., Hon. Lady Barlow, Mr. A. J. King, M.P., Mrs. King, Mr. and Mrs. C. Jackson Holmes, and Mrs. Shipman. Alderman Pierplint wrote regretting his inability to attend. THE CHAIRMAN AND SOCIALISM.

The Chairman said he had no doubt they would agree that the electors did a very good thing in returning Mr. King as their representative. (Hear,. hear.) Grappenhall came to the front in a way she had never done before, and was well backed up by all the divisions of Cheshire, and, further than that, by all the divisions throrghout the country with very few exceptions. They felt that their time had come in returning such a magnifcent Liberal majority to Parliament, and Mr. King had now come to give some account of his stewardship. The great wish he (Mr. Long) had in regard to these questions was that men should hear both sides of. He did not say for a moment that Liberals were always undeniably right in their policies but they tried to do the best they could for the county. They nil as Englishmen liked a fight, but let it be a fair fight and above the water mark. Let there be no skulking or hanging back. Each man should do what he thought was lest in the interests of the nation. Mr. Long referred to the first Parliamentary Election in Cheshire in which he played a part. It was in 1868 and the Liberal candidate was Mr. John L. Warren, afterwards Lord de Tabley. The Liberals bad been fighting ever since but they had never attained a victory until Mr. King won it for them. That said a great deal in Mr. King's favour. (Applause.) He knew bow to put his case strongly and truly to.the electors. So far as he (Mr. Long) was aware, Mr. Kin,* never asked a single voter for his vote.lle was brought up ass member of a sect in which he (Mr. Long was a very large believer—so much so that he married his wife from their ranks—and they approached public questions in a straightforward and honourable way. They would not care to have a man's vote unless they thought he was convinced that their policy was a right and true one, - and that was the way elections should be carried out. Whet they all desired—and he thought it might be achieved with a great deal less bitterness at times—was ' to get at the best measures for the country. The Tories i were making a bugbear just now of the question of : Socialism, and Socialism had to bear the brunt of every,' thing that was done and of what was feared in the I future. He did not share that feeling himself. He , thought the poor man had a rieht to exercise his I franchise, his thought and his pressure to get a fairer share of the nation's geod than he had had in the past. (Applause.) Therefore the word had scarcely any significance for him and certainly no tenors. He thought they would always be able to keep down any undue or offensive Socialism that took forms which the great bulk of the country eid not desire and in that way they need not fear the advent of a larger measure of Socialistic work in the House of Commons—in fact he would welcome it. (Applause.) MR. KING AND THE WORK OF THE GOVERNMENT. . THE RAILWAY DISPUTE AND SOCIALISM-. Mr. A. J. King, M.P., who bad a hearty reception, said Mr. Long attributed the result of the last election very largely to his candidature. He could, howeger, assure them that it was not a one man job by any means. If he had not bad the enthusiastic and vigorous support of hundreds and thoniands of people in the division his efforts would have been in vain. The ,majority of the House of Commons, continued Mr. King, was 'composed of men full of zeal and eager to , achieve legislative work which would be for the benefit of the masses of the people. Sir Henry Campbell Bannerman's straightforward, honest,vigorous and pro- gressive policy had gained for -him the regard and affection of his supporters. (Applause.) No member of the present Government held a directorship of any 1 lpublic company, whereas under the late Government, twenty-three ministers shared no fewer than 37 Idirectorships. That was a change which he hoped would be more in the interests of the country than the preceding state of things. (Applause.) Many measures bad been passed which would do much to make the burden of life less bard upon many people. The policy and spirit of the Government could, how- eier,, be shown quite as much in administration as in legislation. There was marked evidence of the splendid work which the present Government had done in an administrative direction. The dry bones of the Government offices had been stirred up. He heard of one case—he did not give it is a fact, but merely as an illustration of what was going on and of phblic opinion about it—where a coffee house near one of the Govern- ment departments had almost had to close its doors since the Government came into power, because whereas formerly -the clerks and others used to spend their afternoons drinking coffee and playing dominoes, the present Minister in that'department had taken his coat off and expected his subordinates to do the same, with the result that they had had to work and the coffee house had bad a hard time. (Laughter.) - Mr. King pointed out that communications to the IGovernment departments from public authorities were now answered with promptitude, in contrast to the 1 dilatoriness which marked the previous administration. One of the first things the Government did was to ABOLISH FLOGGING

in the navy and in the military prisons, and he would Like to pay a trilaite in that respect to the genial Irish Anember, Mr. Swift McNeil, who had agitated so per- sistently on the question. Mr. Herbert Gladstone at te Eli me Oflice had not perhaps appeared so pro- minently as some, other Ministers in the *House of Commons. He had not had many important Bills to pilot through the House hut he had done as important and even'more important work than any other Minister, especially in regard to the administnlion of the Factory Acts. He (Mr. King) believed they were never s,. energetically or sympathetically administered as they bad been under Mr. Gladstone. He had appointed seven new men inspectors, three extra women inspectors, and four additional assistant inspeo- ' tots. He (Mr. King) Was particularly pleased that the women inspectors had been appointed, because it was important that the women should have someone to whom they could state their grievances. Mr. Glad- stone had also added eighteen new industrial diseases to the list requiring special treatment under the Factory Acts. At the Board of Trade, Mr. Lloyd George's 'work hae been chiefly concerned with legislation, hut he had given special attention to one subject—the hours worked by railway servants. Complaints were made to him of the excessive hours worked on many railways by certain classes of employees and he found that not only were the hours so long as to be injurious to the men but also dangerous to the public. So impressed was he with the fact, that he had ordered in certain cases weekly reports to be sent to him as to the hours of overtime worked. The result had been a very great, improvement in the conditions of service. Mr. Lloyd George was now engaged in perhaps the most GIGAKTIC AND DIFFICULT TASK

===== 0002601_19071109_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
ROUSE- OH LORDS

and emphasised the injustice of -it--system which made it possible for the leader of the Opposition to dictate to the Second Chamber and snap his fingers at the Government. Sir Henry Campbell- Bannerman said the time had come to see that the will of the people as expressed through their elected repre- sentatives should prevail; at any rate within the life of e single Parliament. ("Applauie.) It was his (Mr. King's) intention to hack up Sir Henry in that matter to the utmost of his capacity, as he helived the change would be in the interests not only of his constituents but of the whole nation. (Applause.) It might be that before they could achieve what was desired in that respect they would have to appeal once more to the electors to confirm their action. An immense amount of remedial legislation was urgently needed and the House of Commons was anxious to pass it, hut it was no use wasting time passing measures to be thrown out bv the House of Lords. Therefore if the country was appealed to on the question of limiting the veto of the Upper House, he hoped the Knutsford division would confirm its verdict of 1906,as the issue would be even more vital. (Applause.) The great evil of the house of Lords lay not so much in the rejection of Bills as in its influence upon the measures which were actually passed. A Liberal Minister in introducing a Bill could not give his mind undividedly' to the ques- tion ,of what he wanted to do and the hest way of doing it. He had to consider what was the best com- promise he could make between what the peonle wanted him to do and what the Housls of Lords would let him do. Consequently the Bills which got through were weakened and emasculated when they were introduced in the House of Commons and then in the Upper Hone they had to submit to further " amendments." Mr. King concluded by bespeaking n hearty welcome for Sir J. Emmott Barlow who, he said, made a gallant fight in the division in 1885. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19071109_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR ENIMOTT BARLOVV'S SPEECH.

Sir J. Emmott Barlow, Bart., said he had a lively I recollection of tha assistance which Mr. Long rendered in the 1885 election, and he was pleased indeed to be able to address a meeting under his chairmansh:p. He congratulated the electors upon the recent great victory. and paid a high tribute to Mr. 'King's work in Parliament. He could assure them that very few members took a keener or more active and intelligent interest in everything that came before that assembly which was for the benefit of his constituents or the people of the country at large. The difference between the present House of Commons and its two immediate predecessors was such that no-one who had not been in them all could realize it. The very atmos- phere of the place was different. Tt was teeming with ideas. activity and intelligent critioisru, whereas in the last House of Commons one felt he was in a kind of moribund assembly, the object of which was to shuffle through its miserable existence, doing as little work as it could which might by and possibility interfere wilh the privileges and advantages of a particular section of the community. The grip any intelligence of the present House was second to none that it had been his lot to see. The House of Lords had long long been a

===== 0002601_19071109_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THORN IN THE SIDE

of the Liberal party. Some people seemed to have a great apprehension that if anything were done to the House of Lords, we would be committed to the care of one Chamber, and that any sudden wave of public opinion at the time of an election might commit us to a Government which might do irreparable damage if it were not controlled by some other power. As regarded ' the controlling power of the House of Lords, when a Tory Government was in office he had looked very care- fully for it for a number of years and he had never seen a sign of its existence. He did not think that as a revising or restraining. Chamber the House of Loris satisfi -41 what wore considered by many people to be Oa requirements of the case. The present Government proposed that the veto of the House of Lords should he exercised upon -a measure which was sent up during the inoperative after it had been exercised twice cont'nna rice of one Parliament, and that the duration of the Pfe of the House of Commons should he shortened from seven to five years. The moderation of the suggestion Was perfectly amtzing and a 4 it would take three years to pass the measures to which the Lords objected, they could dismiss from their minds any fears or bogeys that the country .would he legislated for in a hurry by At panic-stricken house of Commons. He hoped when the iSsue was again presented to the nation, they would settle once for all the fact that the Government of this country was to be by the reople and for the people, and thtt principle must pre- vail. (Loud applause.) The-speaker then recapitulated some of the leading measures passed by the Govern- ment,. Their financial policy,. he said, had been sound. for they had done something to lessen the taxation on those who were least able to bear it and, by the revision of the death duties, to put, the weight of taxation on the shoulders of those Ivini were best Able to meet it. (Applause.) The effect of the extension of the Work- men's Compensation Act was that compensation, which was previously the exception, was now the rule. With regard to the granting of

===== 0002601_19071109_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
SELF-GOVERNMENT TO, THE TRANSVAAL

and Orange River Colony, it was one of those things to which we were too near to realize its greatness and far- reaching uffeas. He believed there was no other instance where a great and victorious Empire had, within such a short time of the termination of a wai, ventured upon the bold,. and be considered, the wise and politic step of I. ranting to those who a few months ago wire in arms arainst it, the rights and privileges of the . Empire in self-government. History aid not give a : , parallel to such al act of wisdom, prudence and gener- osity, and the tsults were becoming visible. The wound which mas caused by the war was slowly and surely being stancher!. and there would sonn be no more loyal part of tl,e Empire and no more euthusisi-tic subjects of King F'd ,a rd than he believed we would find our South African fellow-subjects to be.(Applanse.)The speaker concluded by asking the electors to. do their utmost to return Mr. King at the next election by it ' substantially increas.d majority. Though they did not Ihear so much of Pro'ecl inn or Tariff- Reform nom, the inevitable result of a Tory,inajority wonid be that they I Would have Protection put upon the country. He I believed Protection would be disastrous to the

commercial, moral an I physical welfare of the people. It had done ft great deal to bring ahont many of the worst flh they were safering from in America. The consequences of Protect ion were dear food, bao conditions of living for the poorer people, and Trusts, and the result was that the rich grew richer and the poor grew poorer. Tht was what they might see to-day in Protected countr:es and therefore he hoped ti-at when the time came they would remember that if they wanted a great, a progressive and a peaoeftil England they could only expect to get it from the Liberal party—the party of peace, retrenchment and reform. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19071109_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
LADY BkRLOW AND SOCIALISM.

• The Hon. Lady Barlow said that when she cdme up to the north coontry she was so appalled at the oonditions In some of the big towns that she began to trouble her- self as to what she could do to improve matters. She came to the conclusion that if she had fifty times the fortune she had, she could inake but very little differ- ence to her poorer neighbours and that the only way to remedy matters was by legislatiou, That was how the

came to he a politician. As far as she could see, one of the fint quegrions to be dealt with was education for the children. She did not mean simply book learning, but education in a large sense which would include care for the physical wants of the children. That might sound somewhat advanced to some of them, but it was only what had been done abroad for years past. They should never gr Klee the money spent in educating or caring for the children, because that was one of the chief defences of a nation. Mothers should bring all the force they could to hear on the better education of girls, became what we wanted every girl in the country to know, whether she be the daughter of duke or of a crossing sweeper, was how to care for her home and family, and that had not been taught in the schools as it should have been. She was happy to say that improvements were taking place and in Cheshire they were far in advance of many other counties, but much remained to be done. As for the trouble that was being made about Socialism, she did not think they need worry their heads in the least about it. Mercifully, the nation was moving and people were beginning to think. They did not all think on the same lines, but. what did that matter? There would not be that immense weight of the people who did not care and who said : "It always has been so and always must be." There were people now who said: `` ft shall not be so." There always had been an advanced opinion and they must not be afraid of it. The Tory party were making the most of the matter. They had found that Protection, Home Rule and other herrings they had tried to draw across the track did not work, and Socialism was their latest. One Bill they muzit be prepared for next Session, continued Lady Barlow, was the Licensing Bill. What form it would takeshe did not know, but if it were in the form oflocal option she would be thankfnl because it was a democratic principle that a district should decide for itself what it wanted. (AppTause.) VOTE OF THANKS. A QUESTIONER.

On the motion of Mr:C. Jackson Tiolmes,seconded by 11Er. Kenworthy a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the speakers. Mr. T. Baxter asked afr..liang for an explanation as to why Mr. Morley adopted one policy in Ireland and another in India. He did not govern Ireland firmly,and outrage and disorder ea ra worse there than they had been for years,. but in India he promptly stopped sedition, which, was the- proper course to take. To be consistent, however, be ought to have deported Mr. Keit. Hardie who had preached sedition right and left. Speaking at Warrineton. Mr. Sydney Buxton, M.P., complained that the House of Lords allowed the Trades Disputes Bill to pass. If it were a bad and wicked Bill why did the Government pass it ? He supposed it was in the hope that the House of Lords would throw it out, and Liberals would then make capital of it. Lord Lansdowne, however; was too cute, for though he condemned the Bill, and said it was wicked, he said " We sill let it pass." (Laughter.) Mr. King. in reply, said Indio,. and Ireland were two totally different populations existing under quite different conditions. The- Government regarded the Irish people as being on the same plane of civilization as ourselves, but in India, there mare 130 different tribes of di ffarent nationalities and religious faiths. He had stiracient confidence in Mr. Morley as a Radical administrator and, lover of freedom and haa:anity, to believe that he would act in what he thought were the best' interest for India. (Applause.) As to Mr. Buxton's speech, he (Mr. King) thought it ' must have been somewhat misrepresetted by Mr. Baxter. He had no doubt Mr. Buxton was illustrating the position of the House of Lords by showing that • although they rejected many measures which the country really wanted and which the Liberals had passed, they passed the Trades Disputes- Bill although their. ex-Lord Chancellor and their leader denounced it as iniquitous land unjust. It vat-, fer the Lords to explain why they I passed it. Lord Lansdowne said they were going to I fight the Commons and the peopte and they must choose theirown ground. They dare not fight on the Trades ! Disputes Bill so they passed it. (Applause.) A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the meetang

===== 0002601_19071109_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19071109_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
v•Wr Ko' pAz <,,,, v----:- - V 7 -'4 ' ' ' - 6- k(,. *), si ~.,- 7-A TIE , ~,-o.`, I,g ' 1., , .f... ~.1 ~ '5;;,... .y- . ~;:, -0 ..- ;., ... , 4', . - eil, t: . 4.... .0 ..,... ...ik. ,-.• ,I, .3'....,, ..„ ~ tlll • , s'? 'l.'" v-,/ 1,, ~. ..., ''''',.:' V,..q.. • '-' , Vi•X 4.''. . ' c ,-,:r* ' -I'' .- ' /itilt i' ''' -7.° "` , •f"; •

YOUR GRANDPARENTS ENJOYED IT-SO WILL YOU.

The Examilier, Saturday, November 9, 1907.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
BABY IN WITH AWFUL ECZEMA

Running Humour from Birth—Face a Sickening Sight—Worn to a Shadow People Said, "How Can You With Him to Live ? "

===== 0002601_19071109_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
USE OF CUTICURA HAS A MARVELOUS RESULT

"My husband and I thought you would like to know what the Cuticura Remedies have done for our baby boy. He had running eczema from birth. It developed itself after the first month. _ The poor little fellow's head was quite raw, 'his face was a sickening sight and the dreadful humour would soak his pillow through in a single night. It wore him to a shadow. People who saw him said, 'How can you wish him to live?' Two doctors saw him; one recommended Cuticura Remedies, but could do little else for him, for it was so obstinate. We tried several remedies, in fact everything we could think of and were told of. At last we got Cuticura Ointment, and together with the Cuti- cura Soap the result was marvelous, for I have not finished one box and the skin is now perfectly clear. It has all dried up and his hair is growing won- derfully, and instead of sleepless nights he has the proper sound sleep. Mrs. C. Baker, 28, 'Victoria Road, Bland- ford, Dorset, March 12, 1906."

===== 0002601_19071109_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN ONLY

Are Most Competent to Appre- ciate the Purity, Delicacy, and Efficacy of Cuticura Soap

And to discover new uses for it daily. It combines delicate, medicinal, emol- lient, sanative, and antiseptic proper- t'es derived - from Cuticura Ointment, the great Skin Cure, with the purest of F.apc,naceous ingredients and most re-: f!eshing of flower odours. F9r .preserv- ing, purifying, and beatifying, the scalp, hair, and hands, for itch-, irritations, and inflammatiens, for cur,tive, antiseptic cleansing, as Nyell, as for all the purposes of the toilet, i bath, and nursery, Cuticura Soap, as- ted by Cuticura Ointment, s priceless. Co-lphte r.xternal and Internal Treatment for liu:notir of Infants. Children, and Adults cslsls of Cuticura Soap to Cleanse the Sktn, Cuti- j oh ur oTs oeu:rs, hnc.. ac otr • .71 oi:it-neat to Heal the Skin, and Cutieura SIF old `il' Tins (Chneolate Coatevi. Purify the Blood. ;I:,,,l:....l.)!:rettl:,:rtii,:tiu,ieftxdr:,,,:(l,lC:..r4.u..,2irr Cut. oCuornskinSopleiseasProeLpS,

===== 0002601_19071109_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
STRIKING POSTERS

Plain or in two or more colours to make a bold nod striking display on Hoardings and walls. JOHN WALKER & CO., EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19071109_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Cht eranuntr &tries

OF WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS _COMPRISES :CHB WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER. 3_ published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate. Lynn, Etc., being ne of the Largest and Beet Weekly Papers in Lanes- hire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca- hire and Mid-Cheshire. ruHR RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday _IL morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. THE WIDNES EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a pidly growing centre of industry. Mint EARLEBTOW N ANT/ NEWTON EXAMINER, _1 published every Saturday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne. Haydock, Lowton, to. The district thus mpris‘d Is a mott imp trtaat part of the Lancashire coal - ds. vpilß ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every 1. Faturday morning, circulating in St. Helens, Prescot, Parr. Sutton. Peasley Crops. &o.—the centre of the Glees, Ohernlca land Watch Trades of the King4om.

PREPAID ADITHRTISEMENTS. APAATMENTS WANTEr. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. H USES TO BE FOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Rix Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 64. ... Is. 34. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 94. 27 .„ Os. 9d. ... Is. 104. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Od. 86 ... is. Od. ... 2s. 64. ... 4s. Od. ... 6s. Od. 45 ... Is. 3d. ... 31. Id. ... ss, Od. ... 7s. Od. 54 ... Is. 6d. ... 39. ild. ... 6s. Od. ... 10s. U.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestft gperbantl, etr.

WANTIM yonne GI3NRRAT , cook, wash.—Mrs. GBIME 59, Librsry st ,

WANTRP. young GRNRRAL.—Mre. DooTBon, Speakman Houte, Glazebuw.

vir ANTED —General; no washing; £l6.—Mrs. Mem:oex, Moir Route, Heywiorl, Lanes.

wANTRP .-8 ur er inr GRN4RAL ss Q, call or wrlte.—Ml WARP, 91, Washway rd., Sale.

WANTED twn good GRNICRALS ; references required.— PACK HORSE HOTEL, Flehpool, Borv.

WAVNTRD good strong GIRL for Dining ROCITTIs.—AppIv Mrs. Fierr,is. Whitworth. near Rochdale.

NVANTRP, good ORNBRAL ; good wages given; refer- ences reqnired.-334. BOLTON BD., Parwen.

WANTBD 000E-GIZNIRAL and Young Housemaid ; fsmily 2.—Mrs. CosaPovr, The Oak, Bolton.

WANTED COOK-ORNERAL. experlFneed ; good wages. —Appty 19, PARR RD., Ecelee Old rd., Pendleton.

WANTRP, wllln honest OHM for housework ; able to wash; confectioner.-43, JOHNSON BT., Illackhnrn.

w ANf RD, Re,pectable GENERAL for poblic-bouse ; V references.—PELlcizi HOTEL, Timperley. Cheshire.

AnTRT) TTOTNEM. TTI smell family cook and nurse kept ; Prote.tent.-22, Iroux RD., St. Annes-On-qeft.

GRIRTIRAL WANTATI, v^iing : rood borne and wArreg. Stow:P.l2 Tottenhall rd.. Palmeri GrFen. Tnnthrn.

WANTIZT) sroo4 rspoole GIVRERAL; 18 to 24 years ; gooi home.-67, STOCKTON ST.. Moss Siclo, Manchester.

ANTRT) GFNRRAL, abent. 17 ; wores s'.: live good references.—Mrs. MOTTERRHEAD, 27, Francis et.. 'Hyde.

11/4,NrANTEII. good (11,1NTlRAL ; rood wags; good home.— Mrs. KNOWLEP, Norcot, Park lane, Swinton Park, Falfnrd.

,c;VANTRD a gond f4RIFIZ'AI, : reference+ ; to asoist when rognired.—Apptv CHP,HIRR CHEFSH, Broadheath, Altrlncham.

WAN TRT) fonr young GIRLS ; Honsernsvel-Waitreu ; plain Cook at once.—Apply 75, PRESTO'S NEW RD., 111.cl,bnrr

WANTRD m imnr- vißn PRO N for farrnhonse ; etato ware.—Afrr, JACRERW, whiiton House, Tides- weli. Buxton.

lATANTRD, °PRIMAL (Rood) et one.;; ona used to "Y‘' bosiness ; ehareeter.—Apply :at once to Mom( FACE Ttnrnley.

NATAIVTUD, GIZA HRAL SRFIVA.NT (respeztablel for V pr;vate house; goorl home,—RAMSDRN, 51, Ran es ri , TiNekpani.

WA IC Tvn a Terry reprw.rtaloe GRFERAL, able to nook rI-ffrn'&—Mr. PLEARLET, George and Dragon Tvideoley.

ARR to Miss Rostasost, The County Registry, Victoria Bini Wings, Matchester, will secure you an excellent situation at once,

WAVTRD good (IRPRTIA.f. : small family ; Rona plain conk. flood character, Wages £l6 to £lB. -FRICICFR, earrhalton.

WANTED, COOK-fIENBRAL for family of twl. State wee and rPfe venom—Ai:LPL 19, Derby rd., Anadell, Lrtharn,

NAT ANTRD, wood GRNPHAT,IbIe tn waeh and iron; age 24 to 40.—Ar ply, Mu. Ripreßr, Avenham et., Et. Helene rd., Lelkb.

W ANTED. tereng re.pectable GIRT, shout 18, to assist in Fousework ; cowl borne; state wager.—Apply 92, Garirrern RD., Prestwich.

WANTED, rPspectaWe Girl, Aa GENRTIAL ; nool waßes ; eomfortahle home ; references reystred.—ELl.NDY, 33, 111-ambres rd., 'Rout hport.

IAI ANTFD, Peveral good GIRNBRALS and good COORS 1.1 fnr Southport. —Apply Mrs. Bann, Ladles' Agency, 8, PRqt Pt., Southport

WANTED Caratle GENRRAL SERVANT, small family, Rod home; trood wages,—Mrs. FOUNTAIN, Rosalyn, Chester O„ Macclesfield.

WANTRI). good GRVERAL ; three ih farnry ; small wash. Ftate 1.03 end reterenCes.-3. STANFORD ST., Old Trafford, Manehester.

WANTED.—GRNIZRAT, age atout 2, Protestant; good home and good wages; no registry.—Mrs. BLAIN, Croft House, Huron, Liverpool.

WANTED COOTZ-GEBiRRAL ; thorourhly elesin ; early riser; ape 24 to FO years.—Mrs. WOODMILN, Bolton rd., Kearsley, near'Bolton.

ANTRD, superior MINIMAL; faintly three; rinod references.—Address with full particulars, Mrs. HITF.S, 53, Crescent rd., Birliclale.

WARTBP, superior GRNFRAI , 8 family, good wages to suitable rerecn, references.—Mrs. MAHONEY, Select Fettistry Office, 87, Marslands' rd,, Sale.

117 ANTED useful Help to do the GRNHRAL work of a v house. Comfortable home. Nurse-housemaid kept.— ilocr, I.llVe', Cheadle near Manehest(r.

11) ANTRP; good PLAIN COOK; Church of England; 11 good reference : three household servantr,—M!93 Livosaew,l6, Weeteliffe rd., Blrkdale.

17 ANTED experienced COOK ORNERAL about 27. with reference. Housemaid kept and washing done. Mfr. GOODBRAND. Oaklands. Timperley.

'NV ANTED, GRNBRAL (good) ; one able to wash and V fond of children ; reference required.—Apuly Mrs. ETCCRTILE, 135, Accrington rd., Burnley.

VTA NTBD.— Good GRNBRAL, ernall family, comfortable t home; reference requtred.—Arply to Mr.. Evairs, Well Bank, Haelingden, near Manchester.

pr ANTED good, steady, experienced GENERAL good reference ; comfortable home.—State Pge and wages, 27, NORTE( CRESCENT, St. Armee-on-the-Sea.

ANTBD Post as MATRON nr ASSISTANT, Linen keeper; Housekeeper, or attendant, eaperkueed, highest references.—D., 93, Sham at Liverpool.

VAT ANTRD at once Strong CURL about 18 for housework; uaPd to children ; gond home ; live with the family. .—Apply Mrs. PORTER, 10P, Strand lane.ltadcliffe,Manchester

ANTRD good plain COOK; small family; bousemaid V liept ; good character Indispenable.—Appiv, stating age anei wages required, Mrs.SEcirEn, Daresbury,Warringron

fRq. READ requires Waitrelset, Housemaids, House. .I‘l rrsid-Waitresses, Cook-t3enerals, Kitehenmaids and 'Superior G eneral !P.—SELECT REGISTRY, Rusholme,Manchester,

NvANT RD Waltreseer, Hlusemald-Waltresses Between-Maid and thoroughly experienced Cook- eteTsil a- d Generale.—Mre. MOZITIMER, 17, Hale rd., Altrirelaam.

ANTRD, GRNRRAL, experienced, about 24. able to Tv plain cook and wash; two in family; comfortable 'home ; state wastes and references.—SlLVEßDF.LL, Oriel rd., Didsbury, Manchester.

WANT}ur (ice noeor GruNolt Lse... al do u_tmi tariedB-67 tr Halees and 'Bowden good situations ; good wages.—Mrs. 9.1%11113'S REGISTRY, 176, Ashley rd., Hale. -

WANTED good PARLOURMAID ; four in family; five sesvants kent ; age net under 25; wages £2O to £22. Also .Icung KiteLenmsid ; £10; Churehwomen.—Mrs. DOUGLIP, St. Martin's House, Chester.

ANTItD, EtION-GBEBRAL ; mnst be experienced and well recommended ; wages, £26; uniform.—Apply, with references and stamped envelope to IldrrAo+, New Isolation Hospital. Deepdale rd., Pr ston.

WANTED POSITION as working HOUSERESPBR to one or more gentltmen private or business house, thoroughly domesticated, reliable, careful manager, good -references. W.,.30, Church rd.. Seacombe.

WAP TED USEFUL HELP, in farmhouse (strut.ll family) to assist mistress in all dune@ ; farmer's daughter referred ; state age aud wage ; good reference required. -A pply Mrs. Jaciteorr, Tanyard Farm, Ashley, Altrincham.

lomtstit 3'trbants, ttr.

LIBEIBBALB requiring places, good wages, apply to FRANCE'S HEGISTRY, Post Office. Fishpool, Bury,

foreits. Tholv, ILibe stork Str.

TO MIT 17, FOLLY LANR.—Apply WOODS Solt I Solicitors. Horsernarket Street, Warrington.

floultra, Cgc(s, ett•

OINDIDIS MAY BR HAD at the " HaAMINER " OFFICE, Beweiey at., Warrington, 3d. per load given.

13TANT1CD, Agents to sell Private Christmas Cards ; best T V eommission.—Rminex CARD Co., The Avenue.l3 tkewell.

A GEN'a Required.—Cheap Printing ; 100 cards, le. (name, address).—FRERMLN, 181, Hartley rd„ Nottinah4m.

CIURR FOR ROZRAIA, barl leg, akin eruptloue, le. 30. WEBS.TEBS, 60, Bowdon et., Stockport.

TICIZ RIIA. —Sure cafe cure. Recipe and list free.— U 4 THWITTE.. Herhaliet. Stecktnn-on—Tees.

INDIGRSTION —9. physician's rescription,post free 6d Jowlsnoir, 112, West Green rd., S. Tottenham.

TNDIGESTION CURED.—Free eample on apolication.— GASTReN Co., 3 The Grange, Maitland Park. Hampteßd.

pILO-PILO is the only sure cure for bleeding piles All chemists, ls. lid.—Pno Co. Trafalgsr st., Burnley.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
Iliatrimonp

VI Al R 1 MO N he " Incognito" Intermediary secures .01 immediate results with absolute secrecy; no introduc- tion fees; no commission ; send stamped and addressed envelope for pamphlet.—W. CRAWBII.aw, 23, King it. West, Manchester.

Aitgellantous, on 040, ttr.

SBND stamped address for winners, to 123 Sheffield rd., Wittington Moor, near Chesterfield.

nOES Your Advertising Pay? We can make it. Advice free.—Boan's 5 Alexandra rd.. Louth.

ANY Photograph Beautifully Enlarged (2) a 15), 4s. 9d -EX post free.—PRITCHARD. Sketty. 8 wausea.

QTOVES.—Good B.sl. all kind.; also IL kv. Pipes, Coils, Li BoIIere.—HICHISSoN, Wells at., Camberwell

REA I. WITSBY BIANKICTS, slighly soiled. 6s. the pair carriage Bd.—Gtovisit, Draper, Greenwich.

J)TAROLO.—Complete set, with full instructions, 3rl. post paid. CLARK & Co., 14, Warner rd., Hornsey•

CEIEAP VIOLINS.-7s. 6d. to 7 guineas. Addressed envelope for list,— SEABELL, 58, Bureot rd.. Stieffitild.

lIMERICK LINHS.- 6d. each, Is. three. Stamped envelope. 1.4 —MILLER, Burnhouse Cottage, Hamilton, Scotland.

RISTLRBIAN will sacrifice massive Gold 'tiny, 2 real k. 5 diamonds, 21.; references.—DEwir, Wotton, Glos.

BEAUTIFUL Folding Christmas Cards and Envelope', • post fre 1. 3d,—Sricas, Layg,te, South Shields.

BROOOH, best brilliants, le. post fres ; money returned If not approved.—DUNICERLEY, J. Dept., High Barnet.

NBW RBLIGIOUS BBClTHR.—Suitable Present; cloth bound, Did free. —PUBLI3HEA, 1. Balaclava rd., Cardiff.

1110I4N0.—Quita new, flue tone, marqueterie panels. Cost 28 guineas. Take 14 guineas.-89, EiEwskr ST., Warrington.

QALVANISLD CORRUGATED EHEYITO, all warranted sound; 3ft., 91, ; 41t., 1.. ; 61t., se. 34. ; 6ft. is. 6d. ; 71t., Is 9d. ; Bft., 24. ; 9ft.. 2s. 6d, ; 10ft., Is. Bd. each ; ridging, Per foot; spouting. 3ltd. per foot. BARBED FENCING WM. in *cwt. reels, 224 yards, 71. per reel ; plain, galvanised wire, in lewt. bundles, %adorns gauges, 12s. per cwt. ; wrought iron standards, Is. 3d. each.—BUTLER Bell Works, Wolverhampton. Established 1828.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, November 9, 1907.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
Aitortlianeoto, On ealt, etc.

ZTAUCII, pure, white or arearn, Olb. se. carriage ptid.- 10 SWIFT, Sutton, St. Helens.

A IISIIIP, nlech.lnieal, sent post free la. 6d,— VALLANCE 11. CO , 12, newgate sr., London.

I 0031 TO HONER, elotb worea tug, lee liet.—B. L. 1.4 BERRY, 24, Pear at., Halifax.

rpwo ORIGINAL ETCH 0134 by Herbert Dicks° 35., worth 1. guinea.- DELMER, 27. Leadenhall st., Lon•ion.

UNITAHIPLN Reading free, pamphlets given, bo ilts lent. Mrs. JoHNSoN, Ithnallan, Hale, near Manchester.

BURICS MAGNETIC, the quickest Waver, sets 2. to Is —Order from Drarers everywhere. . EURIC9."

A PPLNS.--Rating or Cooking 5g.; srnll 23. 6d. bushel; 2 bushels carriage paid.— AItERMAN, Pewsey, Wilts.

COSTUNIII length, five yards, choice Taitma TWO3I. 121. patterns free; bargain.—HOLMES, Corby, Congleton.

SAWS.—" Uape Leaf" Finest Handsaw proeurdble ss. 9d. del.vered.—PAßroN LTD, Queen st., London,l3l.C.

3D. FtiliE.—Patent Saucepan Cleaner, makes saucepan c,eaning a &leasure.—DßAKE, 71, St. Philips rd., Norwich.

46 I IGIIND " Picture Post Cards, 12 different Counties 1J port free 6d. —Env/ARDS, Publisher. Salisbury, Wilts.

NBURALGIA.—A guaranteed cure or money returned, tree 33.—TH0NGEF, 58, Lightwoods Hill, Birmingham.

A PPLRS. Blenheinis. 3r. dozen Ins , carriage paid receipt 1-1. P.O.—STEPHENSON, Crower, Evesharn. Trial solloited.

PEIOTOGRA pay.— 20 xl6 en'argernents artistically finisbed aerograpb 7e.doz.-9, CAMPBELL RD., Soutbsea.

rro FARMARS anl Manure Manufacturers.—Shoddy Dirt I on Side cheap; price Bs. for waggon load of 4 t-me ; exeh with order.—Apply JAMES LEES. Willow et. Mill,OldLam.

TI STOCK, HYDRAULIC PTtRSSFS, Pump*, Hnienes 1 ac.—LimEs CHAPItAN, Artillery st. Works, Manchester

ma CAPITAL'S CS.—Revired, CAPITAL of £6,000 at 4 1 per cent,on faro, and newly-3reoted Oltfil WORK4,SITU- /MID IN OfiliFiCLD (Germany). ASIPLR SICOURITT By FIRS(' MORTGAGE?. Up-to-date machinery ; 3tuvrgo VALUE? £15.00P. Proprietors In a gooi po3ition ; BIST REFRBRNORS ; Personally inspected. —For full particulers apply by letter to A. HOW/RD & CO., Financial Brakers, 35, Deronda rd., Herne Hill, London, 8,11,

SOUTH PORT.—APARTMH NTS, publla or:private.— Hisses EVANS, 18, Bank equare, off Pr )menade,

private home Aceouohements ; Dr. in attend- ance.—Mr. CLIFFE, 5. Rope Hall tr., Halifax.

Q 0 UTH PORT.—Pleasant APARTMENTS for Winter; permanency.-5, YORK TERRiCE, Manchester rd.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

BOVHUBIin 9th, 1907,

The chief result of the THE railway struggle will be a SETTLEMENT, great triumph for Mr. LLOYD GEORGE. Some savage tribe in South Africa conferred on Mr. CHAMBERLAIN the title of " The man who sees things through.', This was not exactly descriptive of Mr. CHAMBER- LAIN'S character, but it applies very well to his old opponent Mr. LLOYD GEORGE. He is at this moment the man who is seeing thing i through. No President of the Board of Trade ever had so difficult a matter to deal with. So far as that goes, indeed, no President of the Beard of Trade ever attempted to deal with such a situation. This in itself is remarkable. The exist- ing Government is not in power for the purpose of receiving salaries, but with the view of remedying public grievances. It is a Government which has frankly accepted the idea that it holds office for the purpdse of being useful. Mr. LLOYD GEORGE stands in a particular way for the exemplificatioa of this idea. He set himself from the first to prevent such a conflict between capital and labour as would produce consequences hitherto inexperienced, and nobody who knew him well ever doubted that he would succeed.

The questions that have been raised by the railway dispute will, in our opinion, never again subside. It would have been better, if one may use Scriptural language, to have dealt with the enemy in thegate whilst they were in the way with him. So far as the interests of the railway share- holders are concerned, it was not advisable that there should be an exposure of the conditions of life on our railways. The national cons...;ieuce has been shocked by what has come to light as to the rate of wages to be earned and the number of hours that must be worked in order to earn the wages. What has become matter of public knowledge in these respects can never be forgotten. It must influence all future legislation in regard to rail- ways. No railway Bill can now slip through the Houses of Parliament in the old, quiet way. It will be scanned from an entirely new point of view.

There is no reason whatever why the organisa- tions formed by the staffs of our railways should not live on good terms with the directors. It is all a matter of temper, or to speak mole accur- ately, perhaps, of temperament. The directors will excuse us, we hope, if we say first of all that they are not quite the wisest business men in the world, and, than, that in order to behave as wise men and business men, they should follow the course that men quite as important as themselves have been compelled to pursue, who have in the long run come to the conclusion that this com_ pulsion was to their advantage. It is not good for the nation, and it is not good for either party,that two great interests such as the railways and those who are employed on the railways should be in conflict. The country cannot afford it, and, if a strike were to be continued over a few days, the country would not permit it to proceed further. To have a Government and a Minister capable of dealing with such a situition and determined to "see the thing through," is a new experience in political and industrial life.

The first Town Council I To-DAY's ELECTION meeting for the municipal OF MAYOR AND year 1907-8 takes place at ! ALDERMEN. 12 o'clock noon to-day for the election of Mayor and Aldermen in place of the gentlemen whose term of , office has expired. Alderman Smethurst will, of . course, receive the support of all parties in his re-appointment as Mayor, the details having• already been cut and dried. In all probability the! election of Aldermen will also take a usual course, I the rumours of party differences notwithstanding. The retiring Ahlermen are Messrs. Smethurst, Bolton, Evans, Forshaw and Francomb, but the last-named does not seek re-election and will to-day cease to be a member of the Council after service extending over 26 years. Messrs. Smethurst, Bolton, Evans and Forshaw will probably be re-elected,and as it is reported that the two political parties have agreed upon recog- nising seniority once more, the likelihood is that Councillor Luke Ellison will be appointed to the vacant position. That is the state of affairs at the time of writing, but as our Conservative friends are to have a private meeting at 11 a.m. to-dayllthere may be eleventh hour developments. According to rumour—and very circumstantial rumour—there is a further Aldermanic vacancy in addition to the one caused by the resignation of Alderman Francomb. We are informed that Alder man James Fairclough has also resigned on account of ill-health, and that his written resigna- tion accompanied by the usual fine of is., is in possession of His Worship the Mayor, and more- over, has been in his possession for more than a week at least. We hope some enterprising and public-spirited councillor will ask the Mayor in open Council whether this is a fact,because ruinoar —perhaps a lying jade after all—suggests that this resignation has been kept back for party political reasons. It is certainly quite obvious that if the vacancy is not declared until after to-day's election of Alderman the newly appointed gentlemen will be in a position to record their votes in favour of the person whom they think best fitted to succeed Alderman Fairclough. And all but one of these new Aldermen will, according to every indication, be Conservatives. There is a significance about these facts—if facts they are—which it is impoE- sible to overlook.

PReCEDENCE.

The question of precedence is usually a vexed one wherever it arises, and in the Warrington Town Council it is more than ordinarily provocative of dissension. Our readers will recollect -several variations of the order of preference" determining the seniority of members of the Council." A few years ago there was a very unjust and unwise regulation which, if a member ceased to hold office for more than three mouths, all his past service counted for nought when he was re-elected. Owing to this rule, the history of which does not bear close examination, Alderman Pierpoint was kept out of the Aldermanic circle while much younger members in point of actual service were promoted " over his head." Mr. Pier- point lost his seat at one of the November elections, and when he finally won his way back to the Cotmcil he found this rule in operation and thus lost many years of service prior to tlie break in continuity. Subsequently the Stand 'mg Order was altera3 and the words "continuous and uninterrupted " omitted in reference to a member's tenure of office. Precedence has thus been determined of late date by length of service pure and simple. But at a private meeting of the Council on Mon- day a resolution was proposed and carried which will re-establish the objectionable clause insisting on continuity of service, if it is confirmed at the meeting to-day. We sincerely :hope it will be defeated, and that the Council will not stultify itself in this inexcusable fashion. It looks as if some members are prepared to blow hot and blow cold according to the Individual affected by the seniority rule. If a man has served so many years as a Councillor, and then been absent for three months or even three years he is entitled to the credit and value of the service when he re-enters the Council. That is the only sensible and just view of the matter, and we hope it will be upheld to-day.

Owing to the result of the THE WATCH recent elections special CC3IMITTEE. interest is taken in 63 formation of the Watch Committee. Last year there was only one mein- ber of " the trade '• on this Committee, viz., Alderman Bolton, and we note that he is again on the list to be submitted for confirma- tion to-day. The other nine gentlemen provisionally appointed are Aldermen_ Pierpoint, Smethurst and Tinnion,Councillors Burton,Ellison, Evans, Dr. Joseph, SAnkey and Wilkinson. There has always been an objection to Alderman Bolton being on this Committee because he is a brewer,and the same objection not only holds good to-day but it wa3 voiced at the caucus meeting on Monday. We say without hesitation that no member who is directly interested in the scde of drink ought to have a seat on this Committee, which, of course manages the police force of the borough. It is a matter for some congratulation that there are no other interested parties on this Committee, and we think it would certainly be to Alderman Bolton's credit if he resigned a position which may not only be a delicate one in the event of any licensing prosecution, but which is at all times i condemnatory.

Since November Ist, there 'THE TRADE" is no doubt that the thinking AND THE CourTen. people in Warrington have felt disappointed and dis• gusted that the only candidates returned to the Town Council after a contest are members of "the trade." The result of the elections here stamps Warrington as a drink-ridden community, and we hope the forces of sobriety and reform in the town will at once bestir themselves in order to prevent the spread of an evil tendency on the part of the electorate. We believe if half a dozen publicans had been in the field they would all have been returned—the workingman elector seems so enamoured of this kind of candidate. The results at Newcastle have a peculiar interest for Warrington at the present time, for the simple reason that every one of the new councillors in this enlightened city is in favour of Temperance reform, while three nominees of the liquor trade have been displaced. This surprising and gratifying result has not been obtained by chance. In Newcastle there is a "United Temperance Electoral Council " formed a little over three years ago for the avowed ohj-32t of opposing the election of liquor sellers to the City Council and of returning representatives " who will consider the welfare of the people rather than the selfish interests of a trade . • , which not only demoralises the people, but hinders and blasts the progress of the Gospel." The Electoral Council is composed of representative members of the churches—both Episcopal and Nonconformist—also representatives from all the Temperance societies (save one, the C.E T.S.) Individual members comprise Liberals, Cm- servatives, Unionists, It idicals, Socialists, etc:, etc. The Electoral Council, therefore, knows no political party, but it is a power in the city. Systematic opposition has been raised against all the "trade candidate 3 by circular, canvass and public meeting, and the result is a feather in the cap of the Electoral Council. What is possible in Newcastle, Should be possible in Warrington. We badly want an Electoral Council here. The Temperance party as a party is supine and impotent,while the churches either Episcopal or Nonconformist, never unite in a practical way to fight the drink evil. More might certainly be expected from Free Churchmen, and we think that they, and the avowed temperance adherents, will be lacking in a true conception of Cl,ristianify if they do not take up the challenge of the trade in War- rington. Can a Temperance Electoral Council not be formed in the once "good old town ?" Who will help? We shall be glad to receive any communication on the subject from readers who possess a real enthusiasm for clean and honest municipal Government!

===== 0002601_19071109_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
V

The forthcoming season's THE MUSICAL work of the WarringtOn SOCIETY. Musical Society promises to be of unusual interest and involves, at the outset, an effort at once so ambi- tious and praiseworthy that it is fervently to be hoped that public appreciation of its consumma- tion in the first concert will be shown in a measur3 of support both commensurate and generous. It is as notorious as it is regrettable that the Musical Society has for years past thanklessly laboured in the service of the public in the giving of concerts, which, while distinctly elevating and educational in character, have been pretty well foredoomed to failure from a commercial point of view. But We have hopes that from seed thus patiently sown a harvest of awakened public interest may be reaped by the Society in the season just opening. For its first concert a performance is announced in a fortnight's time of Sir Edward Elgar's "Dream of Gerontius," an important modern work of such magnitude of conception and such com- plexity in construction that only the strongest and best equipped societies in largely populated centres can attempt its successful presentment. And here it is that we recognise, on the part of the Society's management and of all concerned in carrying out its projects, a supreme attempt at least to deserve a success which,under unfortunate present-day conditions, may not always be com- manded. That the thing will be well done the society's high reputation does not permit us to doubt, though an adequate performance of Elgar's great work involves both a very numerous and very capable body of vocalists as well as a large and elaborate orchestra. And to think that so monumental a piece of music can be listened to for an outlay of sixpence! TO the credit of Warringtonian musical enterprise we can ask in vain—where in the kingdom can 130 high a privilege be paralleled ? To all interested in hearing " The Dream of Gerontius heartily commend the careful perusal of some highly histructive notes on this work written by Canon Morley Stevenson and Mr. Frank a Crossley, to be found in another column. -- Liberalism in the Knutsford KNUTSFORD DIVISION division should receive a LIBERALISM. Stimulus as the result of the meetings which Me. A. J. King, M.P. is addressing in all parts of the big constituency. The indefatigable Member is able to present the electors with such a fine record of work accomplished, particularly in the agricultural interest, that they are being more than ever convinced that they took the right course in helping to return a progressive Govern- ment to power. The meeting held at Grappenhall on Monday evening was of special interest, for Mr. King was accompanied by S rJ. Emrnott Barlow) Bart., M.P., who unsuccessfully contested the division in 1885, and Lady Barlow. Happily a great change has come over the political situation since the days when Sir Emmott Barlow fought a sturdy, uphill battle, and Sir Ernmott was cordial in his congratulations to Mr. King 0.0 his distinction of being the first to wrest the constituency from Tory rule. All the speeches were forceful and well-reasoned, and emphasised the fact that the Government is maintaining the best traditions of Liberalism in its home and foreign policy. Notwithstanding the earnestness and zeal of the Government, and the fact that theY, have such a great majority,they are still hatoperen in their schemes of reform by the reactionary and biased hereditary Chamber. The electors of t.he Knutsford division will be gratified that Mr. King has unhesitatingly declared his intention of 8.1213- porting the Prime Minister in his determination to curtail the power of the Lords and ensure that the will of the peopla shall prevail. The meeting had the pleasure of hearing a delightful little speech by Lady Barlow who impressed all by her obvious sincerity as a social reformer and deep concern for the helpless and poverty-stricken.

Tea and Concert. The quarterly tea and concert in connection with Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church were held on Thursday evening when a large number sat down. W, a splendid tea which had been arranged by the roarnea ladies of the Church, after which followed a concerti supplied by the married ladies, who were the formers, no no others being allowed to take part. lne concert was presided over by Mrs. Edwards, of Lymm, who spoke of the " making 0 ~, expenses," and the difficulty of "meeting expenses, in connection with a place of worship and expres?ed her admiration at the way the problem was hea3g tackled at Legh-street. The first recitation was by Airs; Mather, the oldest member of the church, an'-'• was rendered in a truly pathetic manner ; the so.ng9 "The swallows "and "Tit for tat," were given la a highly cultured manner by Mrs. A. E. Calvert, of Widnes; Mrs. Wildman contributed a humorous Lancashire reading which was much appreciated ; then followed a duet by Mesdames Dutton and Cowan "Wonderful words" which was well received as we 9 also the recitation, "The good old way," by Mrs' Mills. A chorus, The dismal ditty" wrs rlet rendered by a number of the ladies NIT° with long faces, and in a moaning refraoh created roars of laughter, an encore fc'r which was loudly demanded by the audience. Mrs. Cowap gave a droll Irish recitation entitled "Out of her reckoning." Two other musical itemB bi the ladies were : "Home sweet home" with variatiougf in which they appeared with musical instrir ments which they were unable to play, and created most hideous noise accompanied by c, Home svireehb home" on the piano. The final chorus was a Lang,i and grow fat," which created roars of laughter tql" had to be repeated. A dialogue entitled "The Lado9 Liberium Arbitrium Society" concluded a program which was full of fun and amusement, and which lc. 39 well enjoyed by all present. The ladies responsible for the tea and who were all participators in the concert were :—Mosdames Atkinson, Cook, Crampton, Cowap, Dutton, Elwell, Griffiths, Mills, Pendleburh Swabs, Spruce and Thompson. Tbo accompanist we Mr. A. W. Clatworthy.—ln conclusion, the Rey. J. P. Buglas, in moving a vote of thanks, spoke of thet object of these quarterly efforts, which was t/ current expenses, so that any future sales of svor? could be devoted to new premises which were nail needed. The meeting was concluded by singing t'e Doxology.

Wo ods' Great Peppermint Cure, for Coughs and Colds ; never fails. 1/li, 2/9.—Advt.

Warrington Ragged School. A grand concert was given in the above Misksion Monday night by Miss Lawless in aid of the sellt funds, consisting of solos, drill songs tic. The fer.a3„7 minstrel troop gave capital items and their witty ear°6- and songs kept the audience in continual laughter.NY' Simpson presided and spoke of the good that was be' done by the workers amongst the poor children and sal they deserved every assistance from all those who the welfare of the town at heart. A. vote of thall i on the proposition of Mr. Marsh was accorde to Mrs. Simpson, Miss Lawless and Mrs. Fil:th who was the accompanist.—On Thursday evenlif Mr. F. J. Owen who has acted as organ's for a great number of years was presented HT. Gough on behalf of the teachers and committ. with a beautiful family Bible, as a mark of respect 1.0 which he is held by all, on the occasion a .ho marriage.—Mr. Gough, in making the presentatio.n, alluded to the great pains Mr. Owen had taken 113. training the children to sing, and in the interest 11? took in everything connecte -1 with the Ragged S ch—Mr. Owen, in returning thanks, said he should WA value the book, and in the words of the Psalmist fill'. a bookcase for it in his heart.—Refreshments 13;er: provided for the company, the entire expense 1)81116 defrayed by Mr. Owen, sour. o

EFFECTIVE POSTER PRINTING' Plain or in two or more colours to make a bold and striking display on Hoardings and walls. WE PRINT THE LARGEST SHEET

IN THE TOWN AND DISTRICT. For Sunday School Anniversaries, Concerts, Balls, Soires, Meetings, Sales by Auction, &c., &c., in one or more colours, on white. or coloured paper, in the most striking type, size 60" x 40" in one sheet,

JOHN WALKER & CO., EXAMINER OFFICE,

===== 0002601_19071109_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 , . -

===== 0002601_19071109_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

2 Archdeacons 1 Dean.

2 Canons, 82 Other rev. gentlemen 33 Doctors. 156 Army officers. 3 High Court judges.

* Rawarden still remains the place of pilgrimage it became during Gladstone's life there. The visitors' took in the parish church shows that during the year ea-ding July 31st, 1907, 3,910 persons signed their , 41.anaes. Probably there were many more who did not , 'alga their names. Of those who did 3,53 t were from "various parts of the United Kingdom. The remainder I were distributed as follows : —United States, 301 ; 'Canada, 32 • Australia, 20; New Zealand, 13; India, 6 ; Triuida 4,1 ; South America., G 4 Italy, 1; Jexusalem, ; Prance, 3 ; G-ermanv, 3 ; &math Africa, 6; Siam, 1; jprus, 1; Portugal, 1; Greece, 1; Asia Minor, 5; Rung Kong, 1; Nigeria, 1; Holland, 1; Norway, 1. * * * • Archdeacon Madden in his anecdote is always :;I.lteresting. His latest story, as told at the Diocesan 1,-jonference in Southport, is to the effect that a few 'andays ago he was passinc, along Abercromby- f:iquare, and was greatly shocked to see several small boys playing football in the vicinity of the Bishop's ralace. The Archdeacon managed to lay hands on 'one of the youngsters and prOceeded to administer a severe rebuke. " Aren't you ashamed to be playing oothall on a Sunday. ? " he demanded. "No, we ain't," responded the Juvenile. " Why not ?" queried the Archdeacon. " Because we're Jews," was the unexpected and conclusive reply.

It takes a high. souled man to move the masses,even tO a-cleaner stye. —AIRS. BROWSING. A man's most dangerous rival with a woman is the Illan who is least like him.—STENDHALL. .Modesty is to merit as shade is to figures in a picture, giving it strength and beauty.—BRGVERE. - Human nature i 3 not equal to the temptations of absolute authority. —MILL. So be seventy years young is more cheerful and nnpeful than to be forty years old. —O..W. HoLvs. One should fear lest ambition may be a veil for I°4ceit ;- one should fear also lest modesty be a pretext or laziness.—JuLEs SIMON.

o a After the vianis, nothing went down better at the .uYelilLg Club dinner than the President's crushing criticisms of the Warrington roads and streets. His suggestion that the Mayor and Corporation should lake a cycle ride from Warrington to Gra,ppenhall, Stretton and Walton was hailed with enthusiasm by all except the Mayor. No doubt the latter felt a trifle uncertain of his seat—on a cycle —and also , some !'esponsibility for the shocking pavements in the borough. They certainly are a disgrace, and moreover theY are becoming notorious for miles around. Mr. yaylor did not exaggerate when he sail there were holes two inches deep. There are plenty, and some of 'them a foot or more in length. It strikes us that nothing short of Mr. Naylor's remedy will move the Warrington Corporation to a fit sense of its short- -comings in the matter of strest paving. * The members of the Warrington Cycling Club are justly proud of the high position which their organiza- tion holds in the world of wheels. It has just attained its majority and was never in a more flourishing con- dition. Good fellowship and sociability are two of the great watchwords of the cyclists and these were the 'dominant characteristics of the successful gathering beld at the Patten Arms Hotel on Thursday evening to celebrate the 21st anniversary. Mr. John Naylor, the genial president, made an ideal chairman and enter- tained the company with several humorous stories -about cyclists given in his inimitable slvle. Mr A. H. Crosfield M.P. proposed the toast of The Cycling Club "in a speech couched in the lighter vein and embodying remote reminiscenes of his own adventures Oil the old-time " bone-shaker " and " spider." The, function could not have been more successful and the prospects of the club are full of promise. * *

• - 'Sa *nkey Brook has been a source of nuisance for 25 sears at least, and during that time its condition has not improved much notwithstanding the intermittent • efforts of various authorities. The Warrington Rural -Council returns to the attack oftenest, and perhaps it will some day achieve something. St. Helens is the principal contributor to the foulness of the stream Which, according to Dr. Sephton, comes into the glass town perfectly clear and leaves it like an ink-pot. Prom experience, we know that the colour of the " ink "varies frequently. The Rural Council and the Warrington Corportion are not quite free from complicity in the fouling of the brook, and until they 'are they cannot, of course, shake a very stern fist at St. Helens. A. deputation from the R.D.C, has been appointed this week to inquire once more into the Causes of pollution and the powers of the Council. Meanwhile —and perhaps for another 25 years—the brook will flow placidly and unpleasantly on. * The garden city movement has spread to Manchester. On Saturday afternoon the Lord Mayor of that city cut the first sod of an estate that is to be laid out in garden city form at Burnage by a company called the Man- chester Tenants Limited. The estate covers eleven acres, the only one hundred and thirty houses will be built 'The rents will vary from ss. 6d. to Os. and the houses Will be tenanted by people capable of appreciating the benefits conferred by semi-rustic environment. There is to be a social club, a recreation ground, allotments or lawns, and a bowling green, while a fountain will Play in one of the principal avenues. The Manchester Tenants Limited is a co-partnership society. Every -tenant will be invited and sexpected to become a member. The tenant will have a share of whatever profits may be made, but instead of che profits being paid out in cash they will be credited to the tenant as share capital, till it amounts to the value of the house in which he lives. Then he will be his -own landlofd.

* * * "The Fairhope Courier" of August 30th, has a -most instructive article on one small baby, the son of the son of William Waldorf Astor, who in due course of time will inherit .the Astor estate. It points out that at the present time Mr. Astor owns in New York .alone real estate worth, at present prices, abciut .-;£60,000,000 sterling; but what the land will be worth 'when the newly-born baby " comes to his own "-- say, in twenty-one years' time —nobody can even guess. In the meanwhile, however, America's favour- -able (?) balance of trade, of exports ovor imports, will 130 annually swollen by the rent, tribute, or interest ' accruing to the Astor grandfather, father, and grand- baby. If this =punt of wealth (so sorely needed by millions of the industrious citizens of New York) 'accrued to some idle mandarin of China, or some subtle attractive power wafted it to the denizens of .the planet of Mars, all would agree in denouncing -the situation. As it is, however, the force that sucks the wealth from its producers in New York, without any return save the permission to live and work on that favoured portion of the earth's surface, is popularly regarded as natural, and men, otherwise sane, delude themselves and others in the belief that —like poverty in the midst of plenty, of which it is the direct cause—it is one of the necessary accom- paniments of our civ:lisation. •

Lady Fred. Cavendish at Warrington. "Holy Trinity Parish Magazine" says that a some- -what unexpected visit was paid to the Parochial Mission Factory-yard, by Lady Frederick Cavendish, -on the '2lst of October, there being only a few days' notice of her coming. A large meeting of members, however, assembled to welcome her, and heard from her a very excellent address. lreat

For Children's Hacking Cough at night, Woods' Peppermint Cure. 1/li, 2/9.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
I

LOCAL NEWS.

Index to Inside Pages.

PUBLIC BENEFFr.-MWER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCISRIPX.--Advt.

"Trial by Jury." A delightful musical evening was provided by the I members of Messrs. Crosfield's choir and orchestra on Thursday, and gave the greatest pleasure to the audience which filled the men's dining hall. These organisations have made very gratifying progress and the entertainment reflected great.credit upon all con- cerned and especially upon Mr. F. J. Lord, the con- ductor, who ljas taken the utmost Interest in the advancement of music at the works. The first portion of the programme was of a miscellaneous character , add included the overture "Bohemian girl," waltz "Rouge et Noir," Mazurka "La Gypsy," and the march "Stars and Stripes" which were given with precision and taste by the orchestra. Mr. S. Pyatt contributed a cornet solo and gr. J. Gilbert a pic,colo solo, each item being given with such ,great ability as to call forth warm applause. The vocal trio" Festina Lento" was very creditably interpreted by Misses C. Hastings and L. Hewitt and Mr. E. Walker and the Voices of Misses Hastings and Hewitt blended well in th- duet" 0, that we two" The selections by the Warrington Concertina Band" Hansel and Gretel " and " Songs of Wallace," 'under the conductorship of Mr. E. Smith, were an exceedingly popular feature. The second half Of the programme consisted of the Gilbert and Sullivan operetta " Trial by Jury " which the choir and orchestra have previously given with conspicuous success. The repetition proved a marked advance on the iaitial effort, all the performers sustaining their parts capably and fully realizing the rich humour of the work. Mr. A.. H. Crosfield, M.P., who had been speaking at the Cycling Club dinner during the earlier part of the evening, showed his appreciation of the work of the choir and and orchestra by attending for a short time. The entertainment will be repeqted this (Saturday) evening , and another crowded attendance is anticipated.

The Examiner, Saturday, November 9, 1907.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS. RUGBY FOOTBALL. By 4ir—ais t."

The result of the match at Salford came as a surprise to Warrington people, who quite expected the Wirepullers to go down before the Reds. A drawn game was, therefore, a gratifying result and the gain of a useful point. I predicted last week that Warrington would lose if Lomas was p'aying, but the Salford crack was nursing an injury and this put the teams on an equality, for most of the Warrington stars were absent. The display given by the team reflects great credit on the reserves, who without exception distinguished themselves r daring some portion of the game.

There were several uncommon features about the. match. For one thing, I never remember Warrington scoring four goals and no tries. The feat was rendered all the more remarkable by the fact that in the two previous matches Warrington scored eight tries and only one goal out of twice as many attempts. MI Warrington's 8 points on Saturday were got before the interval, Thomas placing two penalties, and Tilley and Cartwright both dropping fine goals. It must be a long time since two goals were dropped by Warring- ton players in one match, certainly not since the days of J. Cross. The art of drop-kicking seems to have died out, with the single exception of Albert Gold- thorpe, who is still dropping and placing goals in the old sweet way. On Saturday he landed seven of 'em, —and his team might well be undefeated. A dropped goal for Warrington is a distinct rarity, and person- ally I do not like to see backs popping at goal too frequently. A man who can, however, do the needful when necessary is a valuable asset. But there is only one " Albert.'

This sequence of goals gave the Reds a shock, and ! up to the interval they could only scrape up a doubtful sort of try. With a five points lead in the second half Warrington ought to have won, for they had beaten the home team in the scrum and in combination all through. A. error of judgment was, I think, made by the Warringtou skipper, Lees, in bringing Thomas out of the pack. Hallam used to do the same thing with the idea of strengthening the defence, but the idea is a mistaken one unless the opposing backs are praying to) clever. On Saturday, the Warrington backs were more than holding their own, and the result of putting Thomas in the centre was that Sa ford began to get the ball and attack persistently. If the War- rington forwards had been kept intact the Warrington score might have been increased. Lees failed to realise that the best defence is attack. Salford eventu- ally got a try behind the goal after the ball had hit one of the posts, and Metson converting put the teams on an equality. Heath got hurt in the bargain,. and it took Warrington all their time to stave off defeat. There was no doubt they were the better side, and a try might have been gained if an Attacking policy had been persisted in.

Chief honours go to Tilley, who gave a superb display at full back and frequently baffled the Reds with his fine clearances, while he also captured John when the little half back looked like scoring. Dickenson and Cartwright both gave a good display in the centre —in fact the combination was far superior to anything on the home side. A little more speed on the wings would have made the issue certain. Kenyon and Dickenson both got away once only to be overhauled by Cook, the Devonport Albi n wing, who was 'about the speediest and best of the Salford threequarters. The Warrington for- wards again played a fine game, and young Boardman shone particularly in the 1005 e.,. de looks like upholding the family name as a scrummager. It is a pity that the reserve forwards are such a young lot on the whole. In this department the Club is rather badly off for talent, and a couple of new men of ex- perience and weight would be valuable acquisitions. The Northern League table up-to-date is as follows :

For. Agst. Per- P. NV. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. &tape. Oldham Hunslet Wigan 9 7 1 1 23 31 139 10 9 47 8333 Broughton Birro .v Batley lO 7 3 0 23 22 112 10 11 53 70.00 Keighley 9 6 3 0 20 19 .97-11 12 58 66.66 Hull K. R. 9 6 3 0 20 26 118 8 11 49 66.66 Hull ll 7 4 025 27 131 17 13 73 63-63 Warrington Salford Halifax Leeds Wakefield T 9 4 4 1 19 23 107 17 15 79 5000 York Dewsbury 9 4 5 0 10 18 74 15 17 81 44.41 Bratnley Bradford 9 4 5 0 16 15 77 /2 21 96 44,14 Widnes 8 2 4 2 9 20 78 17 23 103 3750 Leigh Swinton St. Helens 9 2 7 0 11 14 64 16 36 140 2222 Ebbw Vale 9 2 7 0 7 7 35 17 33 133 22-22, Runcorn Huddersfield Rochdale 8 1 7 0 8 11 49 23 la 103 12•59 Merthyr

The following i the Lancashire Lague to date : • For Agst.

- P. W. L. D. P. G. T. PtS.-G. T. PtS. Oldham Warrington Wigan Birrow -4 2 0 8 813 55 412 44 Salford VVidnes Leigh Broughton. Swinton G 2 4 0 412 20 54 9 19 75 St. Helens 7 2 5 0 4 8 12 52 15 18 114 Rupcorn 5 1 5 0 2 4 9 35 7 15 59 ifiXadde

There was a fine game .between the " A" teams of Salford and Warrington at Wilderspool, and the home team did well to win by 15 points to 3 points for the Reds Juniors proved a smart lot. Their combination was capital, and if the final pass had not so often gone astray the result of the match might have been different. Warrington's play was rather ragged, but enlivened by several bursts of individual cleverness. Strong forward work and general determination Won the match. There is some good raw material in Daintith, Tinkler, and Harrison, but all want praotioe for a season or so in Combination football.

Warrington play their first trmtch in South Wales to-day, -when the Ebbw Vale team will be met and, I expect, vanquished. The team left Warrington at 5.50 last night and travelled to Hereford for the night, going on to Ebbw Vale at 9.20 this morning. The return journey takes a similar course, to-night being spent at Hereford again, and the players arriving home on Sunday morning. The trip will probably cost the club 40 or £7O.

A. strong team has been selected as follows : Tilley, full back; Taylor, Dickenson, Isherwoad and Kenyon, threequarters ; Brooks and Jenkins, half- backs ; Thomas, A. Boardman, P. Boardman, Shugars, Harmer, and Belton, forwards. The skipper, S. Lees, finds it difficult to get away, so Brooks and Jenkins will have their first experience as partners. They ought to make a strong combination.

A match with Liverpool City has been arranged for the "A" team, and the followfog have been chosen to represent the locals :—Hewitt, full back; Laudor, Lloyd, Jordan, and Forster, three-quarters; Daintith and Tinkler, h tlf backs ; Bradshaw, Holbrook, Jules, Preston, Fairhurst and Worley, forwards.

Tommy Hockenhull has this week become mine host of the " Rose and Crown," Bridge-street, and I wish him success in his new sphere. There is no prospect of him playing football again for some time, as he has yet to undergo an operation. Still, his ootball days are not considered over yet.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
The "All Blacks." RECORD OF TEIE TOUR.

For.

Against.

Opponent. G. T. PTS. G. -T. PM. li ritinley liuriclF•rifield . Widnes 46. 26 ... 1 3 11 Br mgliton Itanceri Wikefleld Trinity 1 1 5 ... 1 1 5 Leeds St. Hens Nlerthyr Tyclvil St. Helens 0 3 9 ... 2 1 7

23 39 161 ... 11 13 67

For Bronchial Coughs take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. 1/li, 2/9.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VOICE OF LIIBOUR.

Edited by John Workman.

Readers of this column are invited to assist in making it interesting and helpful to social workers by contributing themselves. Correspondents must write on one side of the paper only, and endeavour to make their letters and notes short and to the point. A nom-de-plume may be used, but the real name of the writer should be forwarded in confidence to the Editor of the column. M.S.& must be addressed to John Workman, " Examiner " Office, Warrington and should be sent in not later than Wednesday in each week.

Will all those Liberals .who have a.sense of propor•

tion please take notice of the following condemnation of Socialism ? Speaking at a de.bite in connection with the Watrington Progressive Labour League last week Arr. Howes is reported t 3 have said : "He opposed S3cialisna because it would b 3 the greatest curse that ever came t ) the workingman, because it would kill the home life and destroy all domestic ties, and because it was anti-religious in the most thorough sense. It dealt only with creating a huge monopoly, and handing it over to the Government officials. The curse would be so great that the work- ingmen would protest against it and smash it down in less than twelve months."

The Tories have made some nasty, untrue state- ments but it has been left to the founder of a Pro-

gress..ve Labour League to more than equal them in - -

Vituperative ability. Last week-end the Tory newspapers came out with head lines the winner of the Grand National would have had some difficulty in negotiating, stating that Socialists had been "routed," "crushed," " wiped out," &c., &c., when, as a matter of fact, the average polls for the Socialist and Labaur candidates were much higher than in previous years and instead of being" wiped out " there has been a net gain of four seats. The movement is stronger t3-day than it was before the "- terrible onslaught" on the inuoceats

began. . Owing to the pressure on our allotted space my reply to Mr. OE. Parker is held over until next week. In the meantime, I would commend Mr. Parker's reply to "Perplexed "to my readers as it has con- siderable interest and bearing on the topic under our discussion, and shows a decided advance towards Socialism on anything which he his yet addressed to

_ this column. - There have been many speeches during the past week on "Socialism" go:ne of the speakers have adopted a reasonable attitude. A little more know- ledge and we shall have.no need to complain of" Free Lore" arguments: Hy impression is that if some of those who are condemning Socialism because of its alleged " Free‘ Love "ideas, really and truly believed that Socialism stood. for " Free Love" they would embrace it with both arms. It is the cleansing

system that they really object to. JOHN WORKNIAN. "THE' WHOLE: FREAT OF HIS LABOUR." Sir, —The letter written by one wh3 signs himself " Perplexed" is of considerable interest. Without any vagueness the writer takes a bee line to the important points of difficulty. I cannot agree with his opinion that to give every- one the whole fruit of his labour is impractical and

_ unjust. "Perplexed " points out by illustrations the difficulties of carrying this out in proof that it is impracticable, but he does not show wherein it is unjust. Surely it-is just that what a man produces by his brain or hand is his against all corners, for what other claimant can show-n just right to it ? As to being impractical because of the difficulties in a com- plex industrial system; to determine what an individual really does- produce, I cannot see any insurmountable difficulty In this. He asks,for example, what the respective reward of clerics and scavengers should be?' 1 answer : what the community which requires these services is propared,to give in exchange. The principle is the same if we go back • to the earliest conditions when the system of barter was in vogue. Suppose one man grows corn, another tends sheep. The first will :soon find it to his advantage to exchange his surplus corn, which the shepherd requires for for some of the, wool which the agriculturalist requires for. clothing. But the two may not always walat to exchange that which represents equal labour value. The shepherd may have more surplus wool than is represented by the surplus in the hands of the corn- grower. Hence the convenience of coinage which is current value between all-who want to exchange. As indus- trial operations became more complex the practice of barter prove i inconvenient and money became the sole medium and measure of exchange. The fruit or value of a man's labour is therefore measured by what it will exchange for, what it is worth of the labour of the other party to- the exchange, measured always by

the Common medium money. The equity of this will be acknowledged provided there is equality of opportunity, for everyone to exercise his power to produce. Lithe above case we presume that each party has free access to nature, the great storehouse of the materials in which alone we can store the results of labour. But suppose, an exclusive right is allowed to certain individuals to monopolize nature, its land, waters, minerals &e., then the workers of all classes and kinds are at a distinct disadvantage and have to make terms with those who have secured an individual right by which they can prevent access to a portion of the land, and only grant it on a payment in the form of a rent. It is clear that rent, of an individual character, conflicts with the ideal of a loan getting the whole fruit of his labour, because off the whole he has to pay away part in the form of rent for the right of access. In speaking of rent I mean true rent, access to nature apart from labour put upon land in buildings or improvements. Until the land monopoly can be ab dished and the State control the land of the country for the 14enefit of of all, and rent be paid to the State or municipality for access, there canwe be equality of opportunity. We stand for the justice of the individual having the sole right to the product of his labour, but to nothing else, asid inasmuch as man has not produced any natural element then our principle precludes the right of one individual to benefit over his fellow through exclusive possession of natural elements. The fact that the possession of natural things has been long recognised, been exchanged, been bought by the products of labour, has immensely complicated the question as far as putting the matter straight is con- cerned. But in equity no one has a right to be in a position to derive from Mother Nature anything but his individual share of her gifts. It is because capital has entrenched itself behind the land monopoly that it has become a menace. The problem which President Roosevelt is facing so bravely in his fight with Standard Oil and like Corporations arises out of the land monopoly. The Standard Oil has monopo- lized practically all known American oil bearing districts. The United States has allowed one of Nature's products to become private property and has now to face the result of this folly. Sweep away the land monopoly and you go far to reduce capital to the position of a servant of labour, instead of being what it now is to a great extent —its master. Only when this is done will a man be able to reap the full reward of his toil. "Perplexed" say. "surely Mr. Parker- does net believe that young children and industrial veterans have not a legitimate claim on Society ? " Certainly I admit the claim, but (at any rate in regerd to children) the State should stand second. The first deka is on the parents. Just as all young life depends for its support on that which brought it forth until it can fend for itself, so should the child depend neon the parents. This is nature's method and we deviate from it when the State assumes responsibilities which naturally belong to the parent. The feeding, nursing, and rearing of a child should be in the home where love glorifies and sanctifies a parent's service. But if the parents cannot, or will not, dis- charge their natural duties, obey their natural instincts, then for the sake of the children and the well-being of the State,- the nation must assume the position of foster parent. The present tendency and direction of legislation is inevitable because of the past follies and present conditions, but the municipal creche, with its official caretaker and its sterilized milk, is a poor and sad substitute for the mother's lullaby over the home cradle and the loving pressure of a baby face to the breast. Then in regard to industrial veterans, if a man get the full reward of his labour there would be ample margin to enable everyone to be independent in old age. But how can we exnect a man earning twenty shillings a week to feed, eloth,, brmke a family of five children in the standard of decency which our highly developed society demands, and at tl,e sitne time save for declining years. Let any who thinks it can be done try it. Ido not believe that the abolition of all monopoly would do away with all the ills that burden society. Sin in its various forms must, as long as it exists, produce sorrow and hardships. And it is well that it is so; the ways of transgressors a.ee made hard in order that the transgressors may be turned away from

===== 0002601_19071109_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
-

the ways-. But I fully recogni§e that much of the sorrow and, hardship is the result of conditions for which many wha have to bear very heavy burdens are not responsible. Our aim must be to give equality of oppertunity, and this being done to allow the individual to make the bast use of his opportunity. The mare a man can be left t) develop himself (pro- viding he has a fair field) the stronger will that individual become, and as a consequence the stronger will the State be:,-)lne of which he forms a unit. While on the other hand is the danger, to which it is folly to close our eyes, that State help carrie3 with it a tendency to weakea individual exertion and initiative by lessening the necessity for individual effort. Ido not know if " Perplexed " will cmsider that my letter bane his somewhat peremptory demand for a "prompt and satisfictory reply." I am not always satiaed with my own reasoning, and no doubt what I have said will raise many more questions. The subject is a large and difficult one and no one can adequately treat it in the brief compass of a letter. Besides this we are all mere seekers after 4ruth. The individual thinks he has found it, the Socialist feels sure he his. But these are different seekers and have only found a small broken arc of the ,great circle of truth. Perhaps by landiurr' these are and making our little curves true we may be surprised to find that they must meet ani form a larier arc. But we are still a long way off the time when the circle will be complete and trufh will be full orbe,d. Perhaps it is well that it is so !

CUARLES E. PARKER. Penketb, November sth,-1097.

A. CONUNDRUM.

•A friend of mine handed me a cutting from a local newspaper the other day, and J have come to the conclusion that it is about tim3 Sozialists stopped their propaganda ad turned their thoughts to Toryism. The article was a leader upon a specla which Mr. P. Snowden ha I made upon Old Age Pensions. Mr. Snowden tells how he would raise the money by an additional tax on all incomes over g,3,00) a year. This is simple enough on paper,says our brainy writer, but gr. Snowden has forgotten one thing. lbw is he I going to raise the money when the rich have ceased to I be rich?

There you are, answer that if you can. Under his system tha big incomes will clearease every year. II)w grald, how glorious, g nng to decrease their incomes by dropping rents and raising wages. Of course I take it to be so. Again he says : —Under the present system of over-taxing, the rich peaple have to sell or mortgage property or to reduce expenditure' discharge employees in order to meet the taxa- tion of the Death Ditties. When the rich cease to be rich, we shall have SJcia?isnt ; the people will have done allowing rich idle landlords and ! other idle drones to take two-thirds of the production without giving some equitable return. Under Mr. Snowden's system big incomes will decrease every year, says this scribe. That's what I want to see. His last paint is 3 tit-bit for sure. I have always understood people were taxed on their income but according to him they are taxed and then have to sell or take to Uncle's some of their ppssessions to raise the wind. Also I understand the Death Duties are put upon the value of the estate the deceased leaves behind. But I must be mistaken.

I will return to this subject agiin next week (with your permission, lfr. Editor) and prove that the aged poor ought to have a pension in order that they may be able to end their days in decency and comfort.

BILL SPRIGGS.

MR. LYTTELTON AND soorA.u.sa.

Sir, -An Observer of local politics and politicians mast inevitably come to the conclusion that the champions and advocates of the three "Ws" namely, respectability, rent, and religion are getting very short of ammunition with which to stir up the intelligent electors of Warrington. As an illustration of this ,we find our friend Mr. Lvttelton trotting out those relics of a barbaric age dividing up, non-con— sideration of brains, and all tint kind of twaddle. This is a deplorable state for an ex-cabinet minister to be in, especially when we ceme to consider that 13ritian for the British can be obtained for the same amount of filthy In-we as the alehouse orator pays for his pint. should be pleas-A if you would allow tile through the medium of your valnable paper to „offer to our friends the enemy a few chestnuts of a more up-to-date nature. For instance why do no_t they hurl at the-head of the Socialist the following awful problem. W-no will clean the top store windows when it is ruining cats and dogs in a Socialist state? (I. hope this_ pr)blem has not flabergaved you gentle reader.) Surely these tub-thumping trilby hutted street cover barvers would pause and think for the first time in their lives when this gigantic problem would sound equally well when stated through the tin funnel of a gratnap'bone as through the funnel of a threohrindred a year orator. But when stated through the tin funnel it should be accompanied by slow music such as tire " Dead march in Saul" or " Will Bailey shall we please go home." This would help to impress it upon the minds of-the audience especially if the audience was chiefly composed of the idle, thrift- less; unwashed, horny-handed, hardheaded sons of toil (f 'r definitions of adjectives see the" daily wail"). Another economic problem which might be hurled at these " tub 'thumping, etc. etc.," is " Under S)cialism who would keep watch on the top of the • snow clad mountains to warn the drivers of airships to keep within a respectable distance ?" Great Scott, Mr. Editor' one wonders what Mr:. Lytteltou and Co., Ltd, have been dreaming about that these problems have been neglected. 'Need I inflict any .m-Te problems upon you, Mr, Editor. Have I not opened Up a field of thought that should be productive of records and orations galore, but if in the future the shareholders In the anti, , Socialist Co. run short of ammunition owing to the- demand being greater than the supply, I should be glad to replenish the stock. r Before I make my bow I want. to assure my friends . the Anti-Socialists, that these ideas are not copyright, and they need not ask my permission to use them.— Yours truly, .

WATCHFUL.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
Wesleyan Circuit Leaders' Meeting.

According to the requirement of the Conference, says the "Warrington Circuit Wesleyan Methodist Church Record," a united meeting of the Class Leaders of the circuit has been held at Bold-street Church and proved very profitable. The consecration meeting in particular condUcted by the Rev. T. Miller,in the interval between the tea and the evening meeting, proved a memorable time, and it would be well if it were repeated in every class in the circuit. To give a detailed report of the address would be impossible. Several of our most successful leaders gave an account of their experiences and of the methods which have prospered in their hands. Rev. W. Mellor and Mr. Upson laid stress on the use of the Scripture in the class. They found it good to. give a short exposition to start the members on a train of thought and give variety to their utterances. Miss Dutton showed tha value of the class as an instrument of Christian servioe, and thought it should be much more uzed for that end. Mrs. Parkinson showed the beauty and [tower of entire surrender to the Master'st service.

Services for Sunday. told-street Wesleyan Church : Morning 10.30, Rev Thomas ; evening 6.30, Rev. Sidney Pitt; Bewsey-ruad Wesleyan Church: Morning 10.30. Rev, Sidney Pitt; evening. 6.30, Rev. Thomas Miller. Baptist Church Golborne-streA ; Bible Class anniver- sary. Preacher, morning 10.45 and evening 0.30, Rev. H. Ogden, (Oldham) ; morning subject 'The value of pain"; evening subject : "The elder brother con- verted." In the afternnon at 2.31 a musical service will be held when the chair will Lie taeu by Cvun,.;ill..ir Luke Ellison J.P. Wycliffe Church, Bewsey-straet : Preacher, morning and evening, Rev. J. Yonge ; evening subject "The greatest commandment—love of God involves love of man." Baptist Church, Latchford : Morning 10.30 and even- -1ng6.0, Rev. John Francis Matthews; morning subject: Sour Grapes," evening subject "A house of four storeys."

===== 0002601_19071109_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD NIGHTCAP.

Some recommend an apple as a light aid medicinal food before bedtime as a preventive of indigestion, and especially of rheumatism, which is one of the dread concornittants of indigestion. Bat if one is already suffering from either of these complaints something more efficacious its necessary, and the following prescrip- Oen of a leading authority should be used: Two ounces Glycerin?. of Pepsine; one ounce liarox Com- pound ; and one ounce Compound Syrup of Ilypophos- phites. Your chemist will mix these, or von can do so Yourself at home by shaking well in battle. A tea- spoonful is a dose, and will be found invaluable after meals and at bed-time: One wakes up in the morning refreshed end vigorous, and willing once more to recognise that work is one of life's greatest pleasures. To secure this result the prescription shauld be taken I regularly for a week or two. Cire sh?tild be taken to impress upon the chemist the necessity of dispensing this medicine exactly as prescribed.

•

kM2O

•

===== 0002601_19071109_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
OHNSTON WATSON'S EYESIGHT HINTS.

YOU

Should wear glasses if they will relieve your headaclie. LiAGINED BILIOUS ATTACKS, Nervous Troubles, Eyectrain, &c. It is only a competent Eyesight Specialist who can advise you. Many persons lose their sight through wearing glasses for which THEY WERE NOT TESTED. Few people have eyes alike. A dainty pair of Spectacles or Eyeglasses, fitted by Johnston Watson, will give you a renewed interest in life, and accomplish what drugs and medicines have failed to do. JOHNSTON WATS° EYESIGHT AND N 9 SPECTACLE SPECIALIST,

84, BRUME STREET,

V./ARRINGTOiIi.

.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
T) SPECTACLE WEARERS.—The sight should be Re-tested once a year

THE SOCIAL QUESTION. I THE REV. SIDNEY PITT'S PLEA FOR

BETTER CONDITIONS. A Word About Socialist Proposals.

The. Rev. Sidney Pitt preached at Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening on" Religion and the Social question." Taking for his text the words " He that bath this hope in him purifieth himself even as God is pure" (John iii., 3) he said: One of the most striking signs of the times is the interest that seems to be universally taken in what is called the social question. There is no wonder that this is so. It ought to be so. The condition of the people of England question, as Carlyle foresaw, was the crying question of his time. It has been waiting quite long enough and it is likely to overshadow every other for some time to come. Unfortunately there are those in very opposite camps who are endeavouring to set Christianity against the legitimate claims and aspirations of the people. Extreme Tory and extreme Radical are both in opnosite directions falline into this mistake. The one is endeavouring to identify religion with the maintenance of class privilege and social injustice the other is attacking religion on account of its supposed indiffer- ence to the people's needs. Some of the manifestations of this tendency are very peculiar. When brewers for example and those who are closely associated with their business manifest a great ENTHUSIASM FOR RELIGIOUS EDUCATION the exhibition would be grotesque anfi ridiculous if it were not so utterly nauseous. But on the other hand the attack from the Radical side is a very bitter and envenomed one, and is doing a great deal at the present moment to alienate what are called the working CiaSSes from religion, and a greater disservice than that could not possibly he done them. We are told that religions people have been sitting in churches and chapels and singing "Glory be to God" and forgetting the con- dition of their brother and sister in the slum. We are told that parsons and others have been -prating of heaven and ignoring the bell that has been existing at their doors. Perhaps it is as well to admit to begin with that there is to) much truth in all this. A widespread statement of that sort would not have gained the currency it has gained unless there had boen some element of truth in it. It is not true of all. T dare venture to say it is not generally trap, hut there is or has been too much truth in it. In so far as there is any truth in it at all we as Christians should make haste to purge ourselves from any such necusition. We slsould spend and he spent to show that it is not true, for nothing assuredly could be more contrary to the spirit and teaching of our Lord and Master than that His servants should pass by on the other side while the aenostic or Socialist Samaritan, if such there he, attends to the man in the ditch. Tf there be professing Christians who are thus negligent then they are unfa,thful and inconsistent Christians. Christ and His apostles expressly disown them and unless they repent will utterly and ffaally disown them at the lest day. Further than this Christianity holds no brief for the evisting order of thins. There is a great deal existing in this professeily Christian country with which Christianity his nothing whatever to da except ts protest against it and alter it as son, as possible. To mention only one thing where it would he possible to mention very many; the way that children are tieing brought up—dragged up or rather dragged daam would he the titter wor.l—is a scandal and a shame to Christianity and a fresh wound to the Lord :Jesus Christ who died for them. Whoever is responsible for the dirt and crowding and

DRINK AND POVERTY fiq it exists in the lower ptrts of our large towns has a terrible ric!«ning to face and neither political economy nor anything else will excuse them when they come to stand as we all shall stand beforl the jndgment seat of Christ Himself. Hut now having admitted all this which I an sorrowfully compllled to admit, let me gl on to sag what needs to be said as to the position of 'Christianity in relation to the social problem of to-day. I venture to say this, that so fares the past. is concerned Christianity has done more for the social and temporal well-being of the people than anything and everything -else that has ever appeared upon the earth. What may happen in the future we none of us very .clearly know. Perhaps those who know the most are not the readiest to prophesy but to indge from the past at any rate the best friend the workingman has ever had 'has been the \fan of Nazareth and the best hope for the race as a whole, especially for the poor and degraded of it, is in the revival and spread of His teaching and His spirit. Therl are many proposals of social ameliora- tion in the air. I era not discussing them now. Fully and freely T admit the necessity for

===== 0002601_19071109_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
DEEP AND FAR REACHING CII ANGE.

of some sort in the condition of the body politic. But this Ido say : that Christianity is the ladder that we have risen by hitherto and we shall be fools to kick it sway at any rate until we have some certainty as to where we shall put our foot. The movement for the abolition of slavery came out of the very heart of -evangelical Christianity—Wilberforce was one of- the . most thorough-going Christians that ever.....lived—the father too o a geneVation of eminent Christians which lasts among us still. Where did the factory acts come cram ?—those beneficent provisions which have cast the aegis of their protection over the weakest members of our industrial system and which require in my judg- ment to he greatly extended. Lord Shaftesbury, the "bead and leader of that movement, was a man of the most intense and decided Christian character. And in both these instances the movement was precisely along -the line of Christian principles. It was their C'nristianity that impelled these men to do what they did. Similarly as to the position of women and chil- dren in the c wamunity in general. To-day wo have Itfuller's orphanage, Dr. Stephenson's children's homes, Dr. Barnardo's llomes,with their ever-open floor so that mo littie helpless child is ever turned away. Christian -men every one of the rt,not nominally merely but intensely 'Christians over all, impelled by their Christianity -to do what they do. And where do they go for their support? • Where- 6et. to Os despised church and. chapel people whose religion is supposed to be nothing else 'but the tolling Imof our eyes and the singing of psalms. For net only the orphanages but the hospitals ton -depend mainly upon Christian contributions for their -support. I know that other or4inisationa have come into the matter. in recent years but I suppose that still -these

===== 0002601_19071109_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
BF',NEFIC ENT IN•crITUTIONS

-would have to close their doors if the collections of 'Christian congregations were withdrawn, that is unless -some other people gave in a way we are not do;ng now. It would be a very great pleasure to me to follow out this argument in detail throughout the centuries of our -era. I should have to make some large omissions and -some humiliating Confessions but T should not fear to undertake to prove that throughout the ages wherever ,a genuine and living Christianity has been, there has been a social uplifting such as at any rate has been nowhere else: If. anyone cares to pursue the matter In detail, I could put them in the way of the books where the facts are to be found. In the meantime let me give an illustration, before I pass on, of the way in which the religion of Jesus actually works .in helping the helpless and diAtressed. The • preacher then referred to the condact of Dr: Pusey, Regius professor of Hehrew at ()vier], who at the • time of the cholera offered his service as assistant curate to the incumbent of an East End parish and actually worked as -such, making use of his knowledge of Hehrew for the instruction in sanitary matters of the Jews among whom the epidemic prevailed. And now so much for the past. Such have been the , 'tendencies, snch have been the fruits of Christianity, .such fruits its it seems to me it is calculated to produce and must produce wherever it is fairly 'lived and gets its chance. But what about the present ? Here we are confronted with a condition of things around us which -as I should suppose nobody can defend. If anybody can defend the social condition as at present in some of these neighbouring str eta be is altogether outside the -scope of any argument of mine. 1,,f you think you can defend it, it is because yon haven't gone to look at it. The only possible question I should suppose there can bets

•NVIIA.T OUGHT TO BE PONE

and what can lest be done. There are certain proposals . made in the name of u'bat is cal!ed Socialism. I am not dkcussing them at the present moment. Some ig them I would hold-up both hands for at once. Some things that have been proposed in the name of Socialism should consider it, my duty to resist at the stake if it were necessary. There is this, however, to le said of the most of them. Whether they be good, bad or indifferent they are not wrhin arm's length of ns.There is the House or Lot ds to reckon with, and the House Of 'Commons too and the swing of the pendulum and the nest election and the nest election after that. If that is the only way of hope, a good many of our heads will

be low before we see any great alteration. But here in the New Testament is a method of alleviation and reform which can be brought into play at once. "He that bath this hope in him let him purify himself evon as God is pure." We touch everyone of us this social environment at some point or other. Wherever we do touch it if we claim to have any share in the Christian hope at all let us bring our Christian principles to bear upon it. Lot every employer pLrify himself. Let him take care that he does not make his money out of the health and life and bodies and souls of those who work for him. Let him not say and do by his underlings what he would be ashamed to say and do by himself. Let every workman act on the same principle. In the use of time and plant in interest in his work, and in his relations with his fellow workmen, let him do the fair thing by those captains and leaders of industry with !whose brains and leadership industry is not likely to be able to dispense with. Let every capitalist purify himself and every investor. As he is or ought to be unwilling to eat the wages of unrighteousness himself he should be equally unwilling to take those wages- when they are earned for him by the hand of others. Let every property owner purify himself. Let him not live in ease and laxitry on the revenues of slums where health is impossible and decency almost ecoally se. Let every tenant purify himself. Let him use all the fresh air that he can get and all the fresh water that is necessary so as not to aggr tvate either for himself or for others the conditions in which he finds himself,how- ever unfavourable they may be. Let every voter purify himself and when he does there will be

- FEWER 'BREWERS AND THEIR NOMINEES iQ town councils and fewer brexers as Lord Mayors of g?eat cities too. r am sorry that I had not the oppor- tunity to say this to you last week but if everybody will remember it now a time may come when it will be useful. Let every minister purify himself and it will take us all our time for, in the judgment seat where we must all appear no-one will have to face a stricter inquisition than we.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTIANITY AND SOCIALISM.

Rev. H. Dunnico's ViOWS

The inaugural gathering of Kensington Men's Confer- ence, Liverpool, took place on Monday evening in Jubilee-drive Baptist Church, there being a crowded gathering. _ _ _ _

; The law. Herbert Dunnico presided, and gave an ; address on "Christianity and Socialism: Are they Antagonistic ?" In the course of his remarks- the speaker said that the capitalistic Prns was waging a great warfare against Socialbon with the desperation of object fear. For his part he was not surprised, and did Mot complain so long as it, fought with clean and legitimate weapons. He did not hesitate to arfirm that some of the weapons now being used against Socialism were as discreditable as they were idiotic, ad as dirty as in the long run they would prove to bo useless. For good or for evil Socialism was growing in strength not only in this country, but France, Germany, Russia, America, and every country in the civilised world. If it was an immoral system, if it did strike at the sanctity of the marriage tie, the sacredness of the, home, then the so mer it was spurned by every lover of humanity the better. 13 at he asserted unhesitatingly that such charges were absolutely void of sense, reason, and truth. The splaker then gave a detailed account of the moral and economic aspects of Socialism, and endeavoured to demonstrate that they were inseparably bound up with the spirit of Christ. Socialism might not materialise exactly on the lines laid down; it might not accomplish all that they hoped it would ; but that ought not to prevent them joining hands with men who were seeking' to make the city a garden, the country a paradise, and the whole world a fitting abode for God. The c'aurches might go, the political parties might go, the very nations of the world might go. but there was one-thing greater, deeper, and broader than them all —namely, the spirit of Christ, which was the spirit of brotherhood, and against that the gttes of hell would not prbvail.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
"CURED IN A NIGH F." Severe Cough banished by VENTS LIGHTNING COUGH CURE

The extraordinary rapidity with which Veno's Lightning Cough Cure will effoctively cure a cough or cold is well exemplified in the following letter : Mr. E. Coxhead, Mount. Pleasant,- Whittle-le- Woods, Chorley, writes :—" My eldest boy,William, aged 3 years, suffered for two or three week's with a very severe cough; he was worse during the night, coughing for several minutes at n time. We tried all kinds of stuff, which did no good until we tried Veno's Lightning Cough Cure. He had two doses before retiring on Saturday nigh-, and he did not cough once daring that night, and he is now practically cured."

Veno's Lightning Couzh Cure is the purest,safest, and most reliable remedy extant for coughs and colds, bronchitis, asthm o, catarrh, sore throat, hoarseness, old-age coughs, children's coughs, and all chest and lung troubles. Price 9.11., Is. lid., and 2s. 91, ot all chemists and drug stores (wetl- y:here.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
• WARFIINCTON MTRIMONIAL, SCANDAL

Extraordinary Case.

A painful case of wife desertion was heard at the Warrington County Petty Sessions on Wednesday, when George Henry Lawton, a ship carpenter, formerly residing in Hood-lane, Sankey, was summoned 'by his wife, Nelly Lnwton, for desertion. Mr. 1. S. Steel, who appeared on behalf of the com- plainant, slid the parties were but very young, and were only married in February, 1905. A: the time of the marriage they resided with c )mplaina,nt's parents, as defendant was an apprentice. Subsevently a. house was taken, and in order to clean the house complainant engaged a young widow mmed Mrs. Bradbury. An acquaintance sprang up between the defendant and the widow, which culminated in his throwing up his situa- tion in Warrington and going to live at Manchester with the woman.

A letter r,l.ari by Nfr. Steel from the defeadant to Mrs. Bradbury, which was interceptod, contained p Issages of a very affectionate descr:ption, a portion reading as follows :

"They suspect you now of going out with toe, but if anyone tells you about it . swear th a it is riot true, and I will do the same. Buck up. my own tr te love. I don't care a !rang what others say about me sta long as you are true to me as lam to you, love ; and I know you are.—Your ever-loving sweetheart, G. Fl. L." A number of crosses followed.

Mr. Steel, continuing, said the complainant's parents w?nt over to Manchester, and had conversation with the defendant, in which they accused him of adultery ,with the woman Bradbury. Ile then refused to make any arrangements for his wife, and during the whole time he was away his paymentS to hi f; wife only aver- aged 83. Bd. per week. The nt igistrates granted a separation ordcr, with an allowance of £1 a week.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MUMMA', SOCIETY'S NEXT CONCERT.

SOME NOTES GN ELGAR'S "DAM OF GERNITIUS."

The Words-3y Canon Stzvenson.

The Dream of Gerontins is a lyrical-dramatic poem, describing death and the after-life ,as Gerontius dreamed he experienced them. fie dreams that he is dying, experiences " this new feeling, never felt Lefore,' ejaculates short prayers and Calls upon those beside him to pray for him. Life ebbs and flows and with each returning rally of strength he prays and as his strength wanes, his friends pray for him. The agony of death comes ore' him, 'he gasps forth his last prayers and the chorus of friends rises on his behalf :

• "So to show Thy per, - Rescue this Thy servant In his evil hour." Death -comes, and the commendatory prayer is said

Co forth 0 Christian Soul from this World

Go on thy course And may thy place to day be found in peace." -

So ends Part I

In the Second Part the Soul of Geroutius has passed into the place of the departed. There is a sensation of freedom, of silence, of rest, and he recognizes that he is being borne onward, sfayed up by some invisible power. It is his Guardian Angel and the song of the Angel tells that his work is done and the child of earth committed to his care has been brought in safety to the God Who gave him.- There ensues a dialogue between the Angel and the Soul in which the Soul seeks to realize how it is that all fear has passed from him, and the Angel explains that t!:e process • of judg- ment has begun and that a presage of acquittal has already passed into the Soul and given it peace. As they arrive close on the judgment court they hear the howl of tho demons assembled there: "Hungry and wild, to claim their property , And gather souls for hell." In an expressive chorus they pour forth their hate and scorn.

The next question of the Soul is whether he shall be permitted to see the Lord. The Angel tells him that he shall see Him for one moment, and explains that the sight will gladden but will also pierce. Purifica- tion must precede the Beatific Vision. As they approach the House of Judgment they hear the Choir of Angelicals singing their hymn :

" Praise to the Holiest in the height, And in the depth be praise: In all His words most wonderful: Most sure in all Ms ways I" &e.

The Ancel warns the Soul that his judgment now is near,and that he is drawing nigh to the veiled presence of God.

At this tt wful moment he hears the sound of the prayers of his friends on earth and as he passes into the presence of the Judge, the voices are heard in supplication:

" Be merciful, be gracious ; spare him, Lord. Be merciful, be gracious; Lord, deliver him."

The awful moment comes and the Soul realizes that there is much purification needed before he can live and abide in that presence.

"Take me away and in the lowest deep There let me be, And therein hope the lone night watche, keep, Told out for ms." And the chant of other souls arises: " Lewd, Thou bast been our refuge in every generation: Before tbs.hllis were born, and the.world was ; From age to age, Thou art Cod." The Angel comm;ts the Soul to his perild of purifi- cation, with words of loving comfort:

" Farewell, buena for ever ! brother dear, Re brave and patient on thy bed of sorrow; Swiftly shall pass thy ni.rht of trial here, And I will cn:ne and wake thee on the morrow."

And with tlr.) iepetition of the Angelical hymn the poem closes.

Cardinal Newman was a greater writer of prose than of poetry,but that he had some gift of poetry this poem proves, and two of his hymns certainly will live and be sung for generations to come, the one that we have already quoted and Ltd. kindly light." The solemn and mysterica“ subjec!, of the poem makes us feel that we are treading on holy ground. It is npt my province to speak of !he music which Sir Edward Elgar has wedded to the wcrds. That is in more competent hands ; • but one cannot but feel that it must have needed .some courage to have made the attempt. Thnse who have the pleasure of hearing this work at the forthcatnirw concert of our Musical Society will be aware that much time and pains hive been, expended upon a worthy production of it. No doubt the performance will sustain, if it does nt t enhance, the re:utatioa of the Society, and the audience will have an excellent opportunity of judging how far the composer has succeeded in a very dilicult task.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
The Music—by Frank H. Crossley.

Sir Edward Elgar (horn 1857) first entered the field of musical composition as a ‘vriter of part songs and pieces for violin and pianoforte. His first important choral works were a short oratario " The Light of Life," " King Olaf" (twice performed by the Warringt in Musical Society), aid " Caractacus.' The ,litelity and success of these works was -so pronounced that great interest and expectatiens were aroused in the musical world when it became known that Elgae had undertaken the musical setting of Car linal Newmmarvellous poem "The Dream Of Ilerontins." The work was finished in the summer of 1000, and was first produced at the Birmingham Festival in October of that year. Unfortunately the performance on that occasion was so unsatisfactory owing to the shortcomitige of the chorus, that the productien quite failed to give an adequate idea of the beauties of the work. But, fortunately, while a certain amount of indifference and hesitation existed in this country, in Germany the work was hailed as a master- piece. The words sere translated into German and a splendid performance was given at the Lower Rhine Festival in 1911. In the f Ilowing year the Sheffield Festival followed with a fele performance, and eince then " Gerontius " has been givrn be nearly all the great choral societies of the Kingdom. The work, however, is one to be by no means. lightly undertaken owing to the extraordinary difficul- ties and complexities of the score. indeed it is well-known that More than one prominent society has almost given up the work in despair! These intricacies exist chiefly in the extremely elaborate writing for both the chorus and orchestra. In most ed the standard oratorios the chorus is seldom divided into more than four parts. In " Ger ,ntius "the voices are divided into eight, twelve and occasionally thirteen distinct parts ! In ad litioa tithe usual fall chorus, a . semi-chorus of sixteen or eighteen voice is employed. , This semi-chorus is used with most be lutVul effect, sometimes alone, and sometimes in conjunction with the general body ef voices, in in tny portions of the work. Then main, the orchestral wriiing is planned on a most extensive scale. A larger number than usual of wind instruments is employed in addition to which the strings must be very numerous, as in some places they ere sul; divided into as many as eighteen parts! The question may be asked with regard to all these difficult:es and complexities, whether the end is worth the means? The ansis.er should be emphatic- ally "Yes ;" for notwitlistarding the enormous amount of intricate detail, the effect - though freeinently quite different from .anything one .has ever, heard before—is always perfectly .natural and a-entrained. .The listeeer who hears the work for the first time. must be prepared for methods quite different from those usually adopted in the conventional form of oratorio writing. There are no set solos with full closes allowing the singers time to bow their acknowledgements during the applause which is frequently such a disturbing element ie an oratorio performance. The work is divided into two la:Ws and the music of each of these , parts flows on without a break. The melodies many of them of rare beauty, are never spun out, but are each one of them used to depict some particular emotion. Most of these melodies or themes recur again and again in different forms whenever the same emntion • or thought is suggested by the poem. But perhaps the moss notable point of all is the absolute sincerity of the music. No one can pos6bly doubt the deeply reverent manner in which the composer has undertaken his gigantic tesk. The Prelude at once sugg sts a mystical atmospheie which is a I strong characteristic ef the entire ivork. It is of con- Isiderable length and importance and contains most of the principal themes which are 'afterwards heard in the bedy, of the work. The Prelude leads without break into the first tenor solo (Gerontius). Realising that his end is at hand Gerontius appeals to his friends (Assistants) - "Pray for me ray friends who have not strength to pra,y." • The semi-chorus is introduced at this point with most ethereal effect as they whisper the " Kyrie." Gerontius then has a short solo "-Rouse thee my fainting soul and play the

man," which is followed by a most beautifully tender and supplicating chorus : " Be, merciful, be gracious, spare him, Lord" The lollies( solo in the work then follows in which Gerontius gives expression to his last confession of faith. This is broken by a most wcnderful orchestral inte:lnde descriptive of the mental and spiritual feelings of the sufferer. Towards the close of this solo at the words "And tferse, and worse, some bodily form of ill floats on the wind with many a loithsome curse," a refer- ence is made to the "demon" mu,ic which figures prominently in Part 11. After Gerontius' last despair- in,' appeal " 0 Jesu help," the full chorus follows with "Rescue him, 0 Lord." This chorus wh.ch com- mences with a species of religious frenzy, soon sub- sides into a more supplicating tone and leads into a Litany of extraordinary beauty and impressiveness. rile semi-chorus chant the verse in unison accompanied by the organ on an anc'ent " tone," and the full chorus comes in at intervals with the "Amens" -an instance of a great effect obtained by a simple means: The bushed chorus then pray "Rescue this Thy servant in i his evil hour," after which the soul of Gerontius takes 1 its flight as he sings the words "Into Thy hands " ! 1 the last chord of the music and the prayer itself being unfinished. After the extreme solemnity of the fore- going passages it is something of a relief to hear the fine sonorous chords which announce the • Priest's charge "Go forth upon thy journey, Christian soul!" This solo (bass) is afterwards amplified by the chorus with great breadth and .dignity. T-he voices then divide into several parts and a passage of remarkable and ethereal beauty bring S the first secti .n to an end. It has been suggested that the crossing of the vocal parts, while a low D is sustained on the irgan in this passage, suggests the waving of golden censers. Part IL opens with a beautiful introduction for muted strings suggestive of the soul's passage thrnugh space led by the Angel's guiding hand. Some lovely music here accompanies the dialogue between the Soul (tenor), and the Angel (mezzo-soprano) 'until at the words (Soul) "But hark! upon my sense comes a fierce hubub " the peaceful strains are interrupted by strangely harsh and weird sounds. It is the demons and their distant howls. " Low born clods of brute earth, they aspire to become gods " : - and later " What's a saint? One whose breath doth the air taint before his death: A. bundle of bones which fools adore, Ha ! ha ! when life is o'er." The musical setting of these words is probably tbe most dar;ng effort in choral writing ever achieved or attempted, and the composer's grip of the subject here is truly remarkable. The chorus and orchestra vie with each other in hurling out the most vehement and discordant phrases, and the scene is awe-inspiring in the extreme, and full of bold grandeur. At length the Soul and the Angel continue their journey, and the mocking jeering voices of these terrible demons are left further and further in the distance until they finally die away. The dialOgue is then resumed for a brief period until the Soul and the Angel arrive at the abode of the ..A.ngelicals, and here the music undergoes a remarkable change, and as the first words of " Praise to the Holiest in the height" are sung, strains of serene and celestial beauty are heard. , This number is developed at considerable length, the voices are divided into several parts, and are gradually worked up until the whole mass of voices and orchestra unite in producing a magnificently grand and triumphant climax. Again the Angel and the Soul resume their dialogue (Angel) "Thy judgment, now is near ;" (Soul) " I hear the voices that I left on earth." But this is interrupted by a very striking and impressive solo for the "Angel of the Agony "(bass) -" Jean, by that shuddiring dreld which fell on Thee." In this solo the comp)ser shows a supreme disregard of one of the elementary rules of musical grammar-" con- secutive fifths abound, -but the result is always perfectly satisfactory and indeed very beautiful: thus once again proving that genius rises superior tl mere pedagogic rule! We then hear the voices on earth singing as in the first part at the bed-side of Gerontius "Be merciful, be gracious : spare him Lord." A marvellous orchestral passage then indicates that the Angel's promise is fulfilled. "Yes, for one moment th Ar shalt see thy Lord." There is a note in the composer's score at this point, "for one moment must every instrument here exert its fullest force." A short chorus of souls in Purgatory leads to the wonderful Finale, which, as the original analyst suggests "puts into the shade ,verything that has gone before." The Angel here bids farewell to the Soul, and the Music contains several allusions to what we have previously beard, but- everything seems idealised. More tender and touching music has seldom been written. It is music which comes straight from the heart, and must surely reach the heart of every sympathetic listener. And so the work ends-a work full of noble dignity, full of emotional expression, arid full of deep sincerity. That the composer has put forth his most earnest endeav mrs is amply proved by the fact that at the end of his M.S. score he has written the words : "This is the best of me."

===== 0002601_19071109_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRANSIT OF MERCURY.

THE APPROACHING TRANSIT OF THE PLANET HER:alr ACROSS THE DISC OF THE SUN. [By a Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society.] Of the eight principal 'planets that are known to revolve round the centre of our system, the Birth, which is the dwelling place of man is the third in order counting outwards from the sun. There are therefore two planets which revolve within the ellipse in which our earth moves and it sometimes happens that these bodies get in a direct line between us and the sun, and appear to us as round black spots moving slowly across the disc. Mercury, the planet nearest the sun makes 191 revolutions in 40 years, and Venus the next planet, 13 revolutions in eight years very nearly. Both orbits are inclined at a considerable angle to the orbit of the earth, and it is only when one of the planets and the earth are together in I particular place near what is called the node, or the point where the plane of one orbit intersects that of the other, that a transit across the sun's disc becomes possible. Transits of Venus are rare and occur •in pairs after long intervals of time, the sequence of their occurrence being 8,120, 8,105 &c. years the firt pair of transits were observed in the years 1874 and 1882 and the next pair will take place, in 2001 and 2012. . Transits of Mercury are more frequent, twelve., to fourteen occurring in a century, the last one was observed in the year 1894, and there will be another cn Thursday next the 14th of the present month. They are not always visible in this country as they some- times take place when the sun iS bdow our horizon, but in the present case the phenomenon is clue at noon and Will be well seen here providel the sua is n-,t obscured by clouds at he time. The phenomenon will not be visible to the .naked eye,,but a small telescope or a good opera glass should be sufficient to show it ; 'care being taken to protect the eye from the effect of the sun's glare by placing a shade of coloured glass over the eyelens. The calculated time when the trnnsit begins is, for aby Part of Lancashire 23 minutes and 25 seconds ' past ten o'clock in the morning of the 14th, the neorest approach of the planet to the sun's centre will occur at seven minutes past twelve o'clock, and the planet will pass off the disc at 50 minutes and 51 secands past one o'clock. Greenwich time. The time occupied in crossing the disc being nearly tine° hours and a half.

There are certain Changes known to be taking pl in the orbit of the planet, the physieal cause of which l has not yet been ascertained, and. astronomers will observeithe transit and note any discrepancy tint rniy be found between the actual and the computed times of contact, and may do something towards solvin,_ some-of the outstanding problems connected with the planets movements. • The appearance presented by the __planet whilst crossing the sun's disc will also be carefully watched by those in possession of adequate instrumental means, .and anything that may lead to an indication of the planets physical nature carefully noted. Formerly transits of the inferior 'planet especially those of .Venus were considered the best means of finding the distance between the earth and the sun, but owing to the great difficulty experienced in obtain- ing exact observations of this class of phenomena r these have now given. place .to methods susceptible of much greater accuracy.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Theft of Meat.

Michael Hagan, of no settled ab lde, was charged at the Borough Court on Monday, with stealing 31h. of beef, valued at 2s. 6d., froin the shop of Mary Mason, 142, Mersey-street, on Saturday night. He pleaded guilty.— The Chief Constab:e said prosecutrix missed the meat, and informed the police. P.C. Sweeney made inquiries and went to I,:Smith-street, where he found the meat under a .pillow.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for one month with hard labour.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW SILCOATES SCHOOL.

Foundation S ones Laid.

At Silcoates, near Wakefield, on Saturday. the foundation stones were laid of the new Northern Congregational School, which is to take the place of the premises burned down during the Easter recess of 1904. Since the disastrous fire—reminders of which were still to be seen on Saturday in gaunt, ruined wens —Silcoates School has been carried on at Saltburn, where a vacant convalescent home was secured. The designs selected for the new school were those of Messrs. Oliver and Dodgshnn, of Leeds. The stone-laying ceremony was performed under a marquee, in which the visitors were accommodated on a platform. Mr. J. Compton Rickett, M.P., chairman of the Congregational Union, presided, and among others present were Mr. Mark Oldrosd, Alder.nan G. H. Baines (West Hartlepool), Mr. J. G. H. Howorth (Nlan- chester), Mr. Basil 5, Briggs (secretary), Mr. J. A. Yonge (head master), am. the Rev. Gritfith-Jones (Principal of the Yorkshire United College, Bradford). Mr. Briggs also announced that the total subscrip- tions amounted to £4,472. Alderman Baines, chairman of the Governors, in further explaining the financial position. said that the decision to come back to the old site had been welcomed by the whole denomination. (Applause.) Had a site been selected elsewhere, as at first proposed, a capital of £25,000 or £30,000 would have been needed, whereas at Silcoates the shell of the new school would cost only .ClO,OOO. Furniture and incidentals woull probably bring the cost up to .C 12,000 or £13,000. It was hoped that by the end of next year the subscription list would reach £7,000, and it would be an easy matter to raise the rest by mortgage for a brief period. The school estate bad recently been valued at £10,500. (Applause.) The Chairman said that it might be said by some that in the atmosphere of to-day a large schoal such as that should be in one of the " 'Varsity" towns, brit be was persuaded that in the development of education there was rnom for a school of the Silcoates type. Proceed- ing, he remarked that the religious instruction of the school was in no way antipathetic to that of other denominations.

The foundation stones were then laid—one on behalf of Yorkshire, another for Lancashire, and the third for the governing body. Mr. T. C. Howarth, in laying the stone for Lanca- shire, said it was hoped that the school would be opened a year hence free from mortgage, so that any income from the estate might go to widenieg the opportunities of the school. (Applause.) At least £lO,OOO more was wanted, so that there was plenty of scope for "pious founders." (Laughter.) When the school was opened an extension of the scholarship scheme would be desir- able. (Applause.) A vote of thanks to the Chairman and to the gentle- men who had laid stones was moved by Mr. H. Higson (Blackburn), who said that in Lancashire and Cheshire there was a goodly number of old Silcotians. Principal Griffith-Jones seconded the resolution, and said he earnestly hoped that the necessity for raising money by mortgage would not arise. (Hear, hear.) The resolution having been supported by Mr Yonge, the headmaster Of the school, was adopted. The Chairman, in responding, drew attention to the fact that no jars, containing coins and newspapers, had been placed beneath the stones. The building of a church was often made the opportunity of burying church jars, but the Governors of Silcoates School had no jars to bitty. (Laughter.) Mr. Mark Oldroyd also responded, and this ended the proceedings.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL FIXTURES

The following fixtures have been arranged for the forthcoming season : WARRINGTON.

1907. _ For. Agst. Sept. 7 Loigh , 1 14 Rochdale Bornet!..t away 10 5 21 Runcorn home 14 0

- St. Helens ~ -98 away 6 7 Oct. 5 Oldham ,home 7 10 „ 12 Runcorn (LC.) away 15 2 „ 19 Widnes „ 26 Leigh L.C.(2nd rd.) away 11 13 „ 28 Barrow Nov. 2 Salford „ 9 • Ebbw Vale away „ 16 Rochdale „ 23 Broughton away „ 30. Wigan Dec. 7 Swinton borne , 14 Oldham 7 ~21 New Zoaland home . 25 Leigh ” 26 Widnes ” Dec. 28 1908. Jan. 1 Runcorn: away 4 Salford „ 11 Barrow „ 18 Swinton „ 25 Broughton home - Feb. 1 8 Bradford away 7, 15 Wigan away ” ,"

„ 29 Cup-tie Mar. 7 Bradford hcrne „ 14 „ 21 Ebbw Vale ,f 28 April 4 St. Helens home

===== 0002601_19071109_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
AN the Best Makers.

LOWEST TERMS FOR CASH:. GENEROUS TERMS FOR EASY PAYMENTS. OLD INSTRUMENTS TAKEN IN EXCHANGE.

RICHMOND JONES & SONS, 11 & 13 BERRY STREET, Top of Bold Street, LIVERPOOL.

WRITE or CALL, FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE

===== 0002601_19071109_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
ILY DEAR CIIILDREN,

You will all be sorry to hear that I am laid up with influenza, and really feel too ill to write you a letter. Next week you must look out for the names of prize-winners, as I hope to be well by then.

Your affectionate • UNCLE NED.

Dear Uncle. Ned,—l am writing to tell you about my pets. I have five little golden bantams, which are 'very tame; they will oome and pick the corn out of my hand. I have also thirteen pigeons, some of which are black and white magpies; they will come and pitch on my sfioulder when I go into their house. lam very fond of all kinds of pets, and if you treat them well, they will soon get to know you. With love from, Yours affectionately, HAROLD HALL.,

My Dear Uncle Ned,—l am sending you a piece of poetry, which I hope to see in print:—

MY RAG DOLL.

I have a lot of dollies, Old and new, and large and small; Some are dark and some are fair, One has lovely golden hair; All the rest of them are finer, But I love my black doll Dinah, My rag dolly, best of all. She isn't very pretty, -- Nor beautifully dressed, But I love her more than money, Papa though* it very funny, Laughed, and called it quite a joke, When I said, "She can't be broke— That is why I love her best." But my darling mamma Smiled, and said, "The child is right, We should keep our thoughts and love Fixed on things that are above, Things that cannot be destroyed, Then all sorrow we'd avoid, And dwell for ever in the light." GWENNIE KIVELL. •

Dear Uncle Ned,—l am very sorry that I have not written before to thank you for the beauti- ful box of chocolates which you sent me. I did not think that if I was one of the successful ones that I should have such a nice box. I am very pleased that you liked the •view of the Suspension Bridge. At the time I sent it to you I was in Bristol spending my holidays. I am putting a piece of poetry in. I hope you will like it. From your loving niece, _ _

IDA. Bow,

Dear Uncle Ned,—l have had such a delight- ful holiday. I have been to visit my Grandma, who lives in such a lovely house called Brock- lesby, in the little village of Gosberton. Every day we went to the surrounding towns and villages, where we visited friends, and had pic- nics in the woods. One day I went to Spalding market, and then to Boston. Every morning I drove in a little governess-car with Grandma to do a little shopping. When it was showery we put a swing in the barn, and so the time soon passed, and I have now returned to school, feeling much better. All join in kind love to you. I remain, • Dear Uncle Ned, Your loving niece, ANNIE WINTEE.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l am writing you a few lines to thank you for the. little mirror I received this morning. lam gqing to write a little piece of poetry, which I hope to see in print.

WHICH LOVED BEST? "I love you, mother," said little John, Then, forgetting his work, his' cap went on; He was off and away to the garden swing, And left her water and wood to bring. "I love you, mother," said-rosy Nell, "I love you better than words can tell." Then she teased and pouted full half the day, Till her mother rejoiced when she went to play. i "I love you, mother," said little Fan, "To-day I'll help you all that I can; How glad I am school doesn't keep," She rocked the baby off to sleep. Then, stepping softly, she brought the broom, And swept the floor and tidied the room; ; Busy and happy all day she was, Cheery and helpful as she could be. I "I love you, mother," again they said, Three little children going to bed. And how do you think that mother guessed Whtich of them really loved her best?

An auctioneer, at a late sale of antiquities, put up a helmet with the following candid observation. "This, ladies and gentlemen, is a helmet of Romulus, the Roman founder; but whether he was a brass or an iron founder 1 cannot tell."

The best thing to give your enemy is forgive- ness; to your opponent, tolerance; to a friend, your heart; to your eland, a good example; to a father, deference; to your mother, conduct that will make her proud of you; to yourself, respect; to all men, charity.

A familiar instance of colour-blindness is that of a man taking a brown silk umbrella and leaving a green gingham in its place.

Clerk (who has called to see the gas meter): "is yours a wet or a dry meter, madam?" Young Wife (who does not like to show ignor- ance): "Well, it is rather damp, I'm afraid." -4---

While at the breakfast-table a little girl made loud and repeated calls for buttered toast. After disposing of a liberal quantity, she was told that too much hot buttered toast would make her ill.. Looking wistfully at the dish for a moment, she thought she saw her way cut of the difficulty, and exclaimed, "Well, give me anozzer piece, and send for ze doctor."

_ Dear Uncle Ned,—lt is a long time since I wrote before, and I am now sending you a short story, entitled, "The Three Friends." I enjoy reading the "Children's Corner" very much, and - especially the poetry. I am learnini two more pieces of poetry from the " Comer' to recite at our "Band of Hope" entertainment, which takes place in November. I should like to see my story inserted in the " Corner " soon. From your loving niece, CLARRIE HEAP. - THE THREE FRIENDS. They all lived in a little country village. The old man's name was Dave Bedingfield; he h.ad once been a sailor, but had lost one of his legs through an accident, and when I first got to know him he had been living in the little. rose-covered 'cottage quite a long time, earning his living by selling cabbages which he grew in his garden.

Every morning he filled up his little cart, and Mary, the dpnkey, trotted gaily down the road to the village, Nelson, the dog, running along beside her, Dave sitting on the shaft, his wooden leg stuck out before him, his jolly red face beaming out on the world, for he was a merry old soul if ever there was one. So here we have the three friends—Dave, Mary the donkey, and Nelson the dog. But, alas, one autumn morning Dave woke up with a terrible pain in his well leg. c Then he tried to dress himself, but it caused him such pain that his cheery face grew most woeful. Nelson watched him with a world of trouble in his soft brown eyes. At last _Dave- sat down with a groan. "No go, Nelson boy," he said; "I can't do it. One leg gone, and t'other got stuck. That's a pretty piece of business if ever there was. What we are to do I don't know—no cabbages sold, no money for us." Nelson stood looking up at him, as he sat on. the little bench by the door, then his tail began to wag, and he went to Mary, and said some- thing to her which Dave could not understand. Well, no sooner had Nelson spoken than he jumped into the cart and took the reins in his teeth. With a short bark he shook.them, and, to Dave's astonishment, Mary trotted off to- wards the village. "Well, if they ain't goin' to do the job for me!" he said.

Down the village came Mary and Nelson, stopping before each well-known door. It was not long before all the cabbages were sold, and the two set off homewards, the cart strewn with coppers. This happened every day till Dave was better, but during cne of their mornings alone in the village Nelson met with a nasty accident. He had left the cart to have a drink, and on the way back he stood on a piece of broken glass. "I can't jump into the cart," Ire said, in despair, standing on three legs. Well, what do you think Mary did. She just went down on her forelegs, and told him to get on her back, and that was how she took him home

After this Nelson had to stay at home for a day or two, Dave and Mary taking the cab- bages; but, at last his foot healed, and one sunny morning the three of them went their rounds together.

M1.:7," ' ",•,•4•::•::, ~. ~..,...5tc,,,,, •• --. ....:•.-,,,,,,,,,,,,, .•:.,:.• ..,.....y,„--•=:::::,-.• • •: :',..:::;C:•11::•:,,::;:g::•::3".:::....:?...;:::Siiit::::7.....?:-.7-:•.,1,;V:e ,- ~.:.:. . • ......1r.....:!.......--:::-.-/.6,f,-.,,::::::'.--:::::,,F:i.-'-;?...- :,,Y:FTI,-- •:.::::,1,':::,:.• • 7-0.•-•;:- -.:.,., '..:.:•.',.:.4:..i:.: Y. ........i'l ::-.1-...: 3 Z''..''''llkll,4 .-*: -1:: s'. .-,,1, :':: ••••••,;: -116'; .0%-- : ....?',..,...-- . .::::1e::"E:...—.. .., !. ::. :, ...,....:: ='4,,..-,..::.-.--.. . ...kwo,:,-, ;f-:,1.::- .-7 '- ; ''" -:;::::-.-:: l'',-.1::f1,-,--:. :.:"..fr4.- ', , "4?-±; ..5..;i:.,:..... '..;`:';.-:. .:. **?;:::-..fi..: -.;;:s"-..-..0:1.: •: ; .4'. ~. '•-t24', '.. -...„,.‘f,.: -..:•::,,iif ".:1"-.. -; ',-;..':-'.-..;:::,,..„...4.?.... :::•;:' ......:' "2. ..1.i...:*.)--,- ' ,--A".:.: r',liti.:k : ',II- :: ...:'.?;,: :...z.:::::::-. - .:;*i.i..i.r.;*.::.‘...'.. .......:•:.7.-• :".!!,:". 1-.. !.... -.:.:, ...*:]-•;:.3.-..: ... .v.i.:...::?-10.::. ~.."."..1.••:'':;,•;.',,:ii.,.?:.•!e§i:;:i1'... ":: . :-. -.... till:41:!:1-.:;.i::•,;.:.;:.,".f5:''....-.:. ' . ''''W.;•..:: .:.;:f:;•..:-.:1..:.i:'.i.-...3. .:•:-.;.i.;;.i.fm..•, -, „..1.,'•-qf:::::::.;.::-...:..g..!:::§iiii.•;-....:ip:g;;;.;,,.;s,..,.:fiA., S ~ ...„.::-..„::::...,,...,,,,,::::,.,.. . . ......§-,..„. ,:,-.,.,.....,:,„,„-.1,,,1, ....;....„:„ c.,kii.......t_,.............,...,..-......,.-.4-#...„....,..,,:;:t......-...-:::„. ~...,..._ : :..z: ...- UNCLE "-.; „.„ • 'k'''''.4 . .‘•• ( \ IT - 4-' - - • i::,:......, NED. SI, - • ,'.-.1i4 , ~,, ~..,... . 8 ..:....../fiiiiAirq. . . ..:::•:::.:'.7.), se-77...... i.:z.,,,,;',:‘:Tc.,. • "c:Z, -5t47:i..-z.14.4%.1 . ....),-...• IN. ~:.•,...?".......1•1:::. •-•.0 :1 ',..,.-;,,:.;;;:.".:2,,,:,.,,...- _.: 1...,"::4 ;,%."':"§.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE END.

THE ANGELS' WHISPER. A baby was sleeping, it's mother was weeping, For her husband was far on the wild, raging sea; And the tempest was swelling round the fisher- man's dwelling, And she cried,_ "Dermot, darling, oh! come

back to raeo' ERT beads while she numbered, the baby still

slumbered, And smiled in her face as she bended the

knee. • "Oh I blessed be that warning, my ohild, thy

_ sleep adorning, _ For I know that the angels are whispering

with thee; And while they axe keeping bright watch o'er thy sleeping, Oh, pray to them softly, my baby, with me. And say thou would'st rather they'd watch o'er

thy father, For I know that the angels are whispering

with thee." The dawn of the morning saw Dermot return-

jug, And the wife wept with joy her babe's father

to see; And closely caressing her child with a blessing, Said, "I knew that the angels were whisper- ing with thee."

_ GIVING WEIGHT. One day a grocer, in weighing out a purchase to a customer, searched in vain about :the scales for something. "Patrick!" he called out to his assistant, "where is the pound weight?" "Sure, Misther Jones has it" "What do you mean?" "An', sure, didn't ye till me to be perlite to rigular customers?" "Of course." "Well, thin! Mister Jones comes in the day for a pound o' tay. An', says he, whin I axed him what quality o' tay he wud have. ' What- ever ye give me,' says he, give me the weight!' So I put in the pound weight in the package wid the tay, perlite-like, an' it's himself that's gone wid it!'

Self-made Man (examining school, of which he is a manager): "Now, boy, what's the capi- tal of '011and?" Boy: "An 'H,' sir,"

An Old Granger, whose pigs escape from the stye and get into the yard about once a day, says he can't persuade the animals that the "pen is mightier than the sward."

The characteristic of the umbrella is lie power of changing shapes. You can leave a bran new silk, with an ivory and rosewood handle, at an, public gathering, and within three hours it wilt transform itself into a light blue or faded browt. cotton,somewhat less in size that a circus ter!, with! a handle like a telegraph pole, and fit. fractured ribs.

EVERY TUESDAY during NOVEMBER. DECEMBER and JANUARY we will give away SIX SPLENDID FOOTBALLS for the six most interesting Postcards we receive during the preceding week. YOU CAN PUT ON THE BACK OF YOUR POSTCARD either A GOOD JOKE, STORYETTE, CONUNDRU* PUZZLE, SKETCH, or anything else that you think interesting—ANYTHlNG BUT A LIMERICK—and le your postcard is among the SIX best received in the week in which it is sent, you will receive a FOOTBALL. To every competitor, be he or she PRIZE WINNE 3 or not, will be sent a sample bottle of

MASON'S COFFEE ESSENCE.

ADDRESS YOUR POSTCARD TO-DAY: Newhall & Mason, Nottinghani.

Good ! It's Mason's Coffee Essence.

200 YEARS A SECRET. GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES.

For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has been kept in one Family. Its cutative action is wonderful in all cases of WOUNDS. CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, and all SKI N. TROUBLES. It at once soothes and heals, and cannot hurt the most delicate skin. In many cases of very long standing it has quickly cured, even when doctors have despaired. Frac fa 14stamps. GRANNIE COMPANY, NORWICH

~..

===== 0002601_19071109_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TABLE.

NOVE MBE Et

FROA ARRINGION

, Acton loidge-1 14, 7 40, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 10, ▪ 15. 2 50, a 3 35, 5 :5, 5 50, 6 21, 725 p.m. Sunday, 10 15 a.m. a .iednes..lajs and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 7 11,8 35, 11.9 58, hi.] 42, all 55, a.m. 1 54, 4 39, 6 28, 7 '2O, ; n 37, 9 p.m Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, a Atontlays and Saturdays only. b Saturday ~nIY. Blackpool (L. and. N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 30, 7UP 8 35, 9 53, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 1 54, 4 39, 28,7 20,3 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 42, a.m.!. 640 b Saturdays only. Chester-7 34, 817, 8 53, 95, 10 23, 11 30 a.m. 12 30, 1 40, 1 58, 2 30, 3 19, 4 45, 5 6, 64, 7 54,8 5,10 18,11 35 11 57, p.m. sundays-8 42, 10 45 a.m. 745, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green 7 5, 85, 8 25, 10 10, 10 55 a.m. 12 25, 2 45, 3 45, 5 15, 6 37, 7 3, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30 P.M. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. „ Dareshury--7 31, 9 sa.m. 12 30, 230,3 19, 56, 64, °6,10 20 p.m. Sundays 841 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill-7 36, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 64,7 44 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 75, 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 14,10 55, 11 5; a.m. 12 25, 1 15. 2 45, 3 45,3 50, ul5, 6 37, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 46, 8 35, 343 a.m. 5 10,6 0, 7 57, 9 54 p.m. • Fiddle's' Ferry and Penketh-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 90, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 80, 100 p.m. Sundsys 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 34, 95,10 23 10 30, a.m. 12 30 2 30, a 19,4 22, 5 6, 6 4, 7 54,8 5, 10 20,a1 1 35 p.m.Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golborne-5 30, 75, 85, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 pa. Sundays 343 a.m. u p.m, ' Beleby-7 36, 95, 11 Si a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 9, 64, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam,Cadishead-7 0,7 50 88. 9 3 a.rn 22, 4 58, .710, 9 15, all 50 p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 IS. 11 32 u•ra. 315, 50, 7 18, 935 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, S 31, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 9 25 p.m. S it days 6 30,8 4.6 a.m.3 5,8 10 p.m. Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-a4 40,5 35,7 5,7 54,8 2,d8 3,8 50, 8,5, 950, 10 35, 1050, 11 50 am. 12 0, 12 50. 110, O 1 13,1 50,2 17, 2 50,3 13,3 50. 3 56,4 5,4 104 50, 5 2, 5 50, 7 5, 7 50, 80, 8 50, 8 55, 9 40, 10 15, 1° 40, blO 42, bll 15,11 33, 11 47 p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, a Saturdays excepted, Sundays 4 40, 535, 9 0, 9 55,11 20 a.m. 2 20, 239, 4 46, 6 22, 7 10, 8 23, 9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-n4 51,1,5 25, 7 11, 7 27, 8 23, 9 19, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 12 25, 1 35, 2 45, 3 20, 3 45, 3 47, 5 15, G 20. 7 8, 7 40, 80, 9 25, 10 0, 10 30, cll 30 p.m. a Mondays excepted. ob Mondays Only. cSaturdays only.SundavB,4 51,5 20, ° 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 28, 5 10, 60,8 0, 10 8 p.m. Lynun-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9.55, 10 53 ft.?. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, 4:30,, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from VPIcY• Sundays 846 a.tn. 35, 8 10; 1)11 40 p.m. stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-Wi-2 55, a 4 45, 1)4 56, 6 30, b 7 11, 85, 8 23, 8 35, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55 s.m. 12 19, 1 15, 2 41, 2 45, 3 31, 3 50, 4 26, 5 15, ‘,553, 6 33, 7 20, 8 6, 9 22, d 9 40. 10 23 p.m. Sundays • 4 56, 755 a.m. 5 15, GO, 7 57, p.m. a Mondays enLY. b Mondays excepted. d Mondays and Saturdays culy. Manchester (C.L.C.)- 6 55, 7 57, 88, 3 55, „8 3, 55, 10 55, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 1 55, 3 55, 4 55,4 53, 5 55, 6 55, 7 10, 7 55, 8 22, " c 5, 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, bll 25, 11. 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sunday?. 0 22, 10 is, 11 22 a.m 30, 3 15, 457, 50, 713, 8 51, 9 15, 9 25, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 10 20, a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 2. 55, a 3 35 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 1.0 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 55,14 45,5 30,7 5,8 5,3 35, 8 19,9 25,10 10.10 40,10 55, 11 55, a.m. 12 18,12 25, 1 15, 1 50, 2 45;3 31. 3 50, 4 26, 4 50, 5 15 6 33, 7 20, 922 10 23, 10 30. all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 7 46, 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Moniays only. Padgate-6 55 7 45, 88, 8 35, 10 35, 11 22 eac• 12 18, 1 491, 3 55, 4 53, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 22, 915 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 13 a.m. 5 025 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 8 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0, 10 0 pm. Sankey-7 5, 89,05, 10 0, 11 5 a.m. 120, hi 0, aB, 2 15, 3 23, 4 10. 5 28, 6 26, 75,S O. 90, blO 0, alO 42, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 20 a In. 2 39, 97. P.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 17, 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.tn. 2 40, 8 o p in. St. Helens (L. & N.-W.l-7 5, 8.25, 10.10, 10 55, 11. n a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3 20,3 45, 5.15, 6.37, 7.8, g•r, 8.0, 9.25, 10 0, 10 30, all 30, p.m. Sundays, • 5,9,5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 3.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays only, Southport C.L.C.-7.3.8 31 a 9.36, 10.25, 11.2, 12 0 aan.1.27, 3.13, 4 10,5 2,b6.20,6'30, 7.40, 8 0, 9.10,10.40, P.m. Sundays, 9.35 am. 2.6,9.7. p.m. a 'Mondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdayi only. p.m.. excepted. Thskrali -6 15, 7_17, 7 55, 3 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 9 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 025 p.m. Sundays 845 a.m. 35, 310 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 7 5, 8 35, 9 53, 10 55, 11 42 11 53 a.m. 1 15, 1 50, 3 50, 4 46, 5 15, 28; 7 20, 837, 98,10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 3 35,6 0,9 54 p,m. Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 5, 95, 10 11 5 a.m. 12 0, al 0, bl 13.2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 523, G 26, 75, 0, 90, ale o,blo 37 p m. a Saturdays excepted, h Saturdays Only, Sundays 90, 935 a.m. 2 30, 918 p.m.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM.

Acton Bridge-6 41.7 20, 8 54, 10 57 aW. 12 30, R 3 0,3 55, 4 36, 7 20,8 10,Sunda)s 7 59 a m. 4 42 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. • Blackpool (L & N.-W)-8 0, 8 25, 9 10,10 2,10 20, 11 10,a.in. 1 15,1 20, 2 32, 4 55, 6 43,8 :30, 1,9 10, 10 5, blO 25 p.m. Sendays 7 5 a.m. 1 5, 450, 8 50, 10 15 P.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. c Thursdays only. Blackpool (L. & NAV. Talbot lload)-7 8, 8 40, 9 47,10 15, 11 95 a.m. 1,37, 3 28, 4 27, 5 20, 7 0, 8 15, 10 0,1050 p.r.r. Sundays 7 25 a.m. 1 37, 5 ft, 7 :'0 p.m.. Chester-2 25, b 4 20, 7 25, 8 45, -9 40, 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 20, 2 10, :3 0, 3 50„ 4 10, 5. 15, 5 23, 6 30,7 25, 7 25, 8 10, 850 p.m. Sundays 2 25.4 20,' 6 40, 715 p.m. 13 Niondays excepted. a Mondays and Saturdays only. c Saturdays only. Collins Green-8 40, 79, 815, 1024, 11 23 am. 12 45, 2 10, 3 5, 41, 538, 642, 717, 96,n10 43, 10 58 P'l33• Sundays 810 a.m. 715 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Daresbury-8 11, 10 17,11 18 rt.m.2 49, 6 2,7 11,8 43 Pan. Sundays 723 a.m. .7 17 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 39, 9 52, 10 52 a.m. 2.22, 35, '6 47, 822 p.m. Sundays 6 49. m. 7 9 p.m. Ertrlestown-7 2, 7 13, 8 47, 850. 9 15, 9 45, 10 26, 036, 1t 21 a.m. 1233, 1 TA, 23, 3 27. 5 10, 543, 5 52, (1 55, 7 13, 38, 9 10, 9 31, 10 47. all 1, ftl2 to a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 5'57, 10 3 a.m. 345.724,102 P. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-7 9, 8 53, 9 12, 10 45 atm. 12 3. al2 57, 24. 3 27, 54, 62. 0 58, 9 14 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,3 2 p.m. a Satan days only. Frodsharn-7 53, 90, 10 1, ill, a.m. 231, 49, 5 44, 6 56, 8 31, p.m. Surlily 72, a.m. 724 p.m. Golhorne-0 44, 8 23, 10 12, a.m. !2 17, 2 41, 431, 5 30, 7 15, 9 21, 10 42. a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 7 5- p.m. Helshy-7 46, 8 56,. 5 37,10 57, a.m. 2 27, 4 4,4 27, 5 40, 6 54, 827, p.m. Sunday 6 5:3, a.m. 7 18, p.m. Irlam and Cadishead-6 19, 6 43, 7 31, 9 ss, a.m. I. 7, 4 54,.6 51, 855, 11 20, p.m. Sundays 921, 11 0, Lin. 1 20, 2 22.6 55, 8 50, 10 0 p.m. Latchford-7 55. 8.40. 9 22, 10 2. 11 11 a.m. 1 20. al 45,2 13, 30, 333, 426, 3533. 07, 649, 739, 8 52, cll 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays 4XCapted. c Arplay. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.1..C.)-5 10, 0 30. 7 30, 7 49,3 15, 8 30, 8 33, 9 20. 9 30, 9 33, 945, 10 30, 11 5, 11 30,11 33 11 50 a.m. 1230, 12 43, 10, 1 25, 1 45, 2„ 30, 2 40. 2 4:3, 4 0, 4 30,.4 33, 4 13, 5 30, 5 3i;, 6.30, 11 35, 7 30, 8 30, 3 39, 8 10, 9 :3!r, 1.10 11 0, 11 35 p.m. a 'Mon:lays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 8 55, 10 45, 11 15 a.m. 2 30,3 20, 3 55, 4 30, 6 15, 6:10, 8 -30, 9 35, p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-7a 2 35.5 50,0 10, 7 50,8 5, 2 35, 9 5, 930, 9 55, 11 0 a.m. 12 25, 1 20,-2 45; 30. " 35, 4 20, -1 50, 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 23, 8 30,. 0 0, blO 5, 10 45, hll 13 p.m. a Mond., \ S only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 35,9 20 rt.. 110. 10, 6 30,7 15,10 43'p.m. Lyrnm -7 43,8 :32,9 14, 9 54.11 3 a.m. 1 11, al 27, 25, 2 50, • 330, 4 18, 1:5 31, 5 51, nI, 731, 9 43, 11 33 pan. a Saturdays only. 1; Saturdayiexcepted. Sundays 8 15 a.m.- 2 25, 7 15 p.m. Manchester(D;ntaal ) -5 53,6 30, 7.30,733,3 :`,0.a9 5, 9 30,9 33, 10 5, 10 30, 10 35, 11 :10 ...m. 1230, 12 50, 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 3 15, 30, 4 35, 5 30; 6.0. 6 30, 35, 7 10, 7 30, 8 30, 8 :35, 9 20. 10 20, 1110 55, 11 0 p.m. a, Saturdays only. Sundays S 30, 95, / 9 30, -LO 30 a.m. 1 40, 2 0,2.5, 60, 6 35, 8 30. 9 40 p.m. Manchester (foondon Road.l7-7 5.7 50,9 20, 10 25, !tin. 12 30, b.l 5, 2 0.2 55, 3 40, a5O. 5 20, 65, 6 55, 5,- 11 0, p.m. Sundays 7 :30. a.m. 1 4.0, 630 p.m. eSaturdays expted. b S,,turdays only. Moore-3 56,9 6, 11. 9 a.m.. 12:12, I-13 1, 48, 4 55, .17 3p-m. - Sundays 818 a.m. 458 p.m, a .Wednes- 'B,3re and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows- 55, 7 20, 8 42, 9 7,- 9 29, 1° 9, 10 22, 11 a.m. 12 35, n 1 5, al 23, 141, 87, 4 48,5 5; 533,- 5 49, 0 27;7-30, 85, 931, 103, •11 4, p.m.. Sundays 830, 950, 10 0 a.m. 340, 4 20, 11 7 p.m. a Saturclass only. ' Padgata-41 G 53, 7 55, 8 29,9 0, 10 3 a.m. 1 20, 0,2 15,5 5, 6 18, 7 5, 9 6, 10 25. 11 32 p.m. Snudays ,k 2 11 14 a.m. 2 33, 9 12, 10 14, p.m. nu3corn-5 35, 8 31, 0 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 21, 14,

===== 0002601_19071109_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Nevem!kr Perils.

November days are try- ing days trying your temper, trying your nerves, trying your con- stitution. Cold, damp, fogs, and winds work evil on those whose blood is weak or impure; there- fore, among the disorders prevailing this month are Chills, Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitis Chest Com- plaints, Neuralgia; also Rheumatism & Sciatica. With New, Good Blood

in your veins supplied by

===== 0002601_19071109_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
Dr.Williams' Pink Pills

you can defy and cure all November ailments. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People purify and enrich the blood and so fortify the system against winter ills. In Countless instances this has been proved.

'4" About 12 months ago," said Miss Fletcher, living at 4, Brewery Street, Birmingham, "owing to the damp and chili), weather, I caught a shocking cold and then contracted Influenza. I felt heavy and languid and my eyes were watery and painful ; then my throat becari4e inflamed, and I found it difficult to breathe. Chilly tremours ran down my spine and I shivered in spite of the warmest clothing. Influenza got such a strong hold upon me that I lost the use of my limbs and became bedridden. A troublesome cough attacked me and sharp pains pierced my lungs and heart. "The cold affected my kidneys and caused cruel pains across my loins. Food was out of the question, and whatever I swallowed induced vomiting. Doctors said I should not recover. My cold had resulted in anaemia and debility. "Mother then purchased some Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for me. The relief which followed the first few boxes was wonderful, I lost all cough and congestion, and felt a warm and comforting glow all over my body. Every dose of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills brought strength and new blood. My face became full and rosy. I had no pain whatever, and at length friends were able to congratulate me on my complete recovery." Dr. Williams' Pink . Pills for Pale People have cured Anxmia, General Weakness, Bronchitis, Decline, Backaches, Headaches, Indigestion, Eczema, the after effects of Influenza, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Neuralgia, and Paralysis ; also women's ailments. Sold at shops, or direct from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., 46, Holborn Viaduct, London, post free for 23. 9d. a box, or six boxes for 13s. 9d.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATIO6 FOOTBALL

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT • LEAGUE. Ft RST DIyISION.

Burtoliwood A.F.C.- - -- - - 8-1.-7-1-0 35 8 14 Lyinna ' 7 5 1 1 37 6 31 Fairfield 14lands' A.F.C. OughtringtonPark 4 3 0. 1 18 5 7 Warrington Central Penketh Monks' Hall Palatine Latchford Burtonwood Social St. Barnabas' Hes.., 6 1 5 0 5 21 , 2 Warrington St. Paul's 7 1 6 0 9 22 ' 2

SECOND DIVISION.

Orford 8 7 0 1 23 7 15 St. Fiphin's- Warrington St. John's 8 5 2 1 19 12 11 Walker's Warrington St. Mary's 8 4 4 0 11 18 8 Warrington Central Res 5 3 1 1 a 9 7 Oughttington Park 12es 7 2 4 1 17 15 5 Fairfield Reserves 5 1 3 1 5 10 3 Monks, Hall Reserves Ansley Park Juniora - 2 14 0 Matches for Saturday. November 9th, Observer Cop-Ist Round. Winnington Park v. Latchford. Warrington Albions v. Palatine. Orford A.F.C. v. Walker's Brewery: Halton Viii t v. St. Elphins. Lostock Gralam v. St. Baraabls. Halton A.F.C. v. Itlands. Burtonwood v. Monks, Hall. . Warrington St. Mary's v. Bartonwood Bethel Mission v. Knutsford. . Fairfield v. Oughtrington Park. Sutton Commercial v. Orford Barracks. SECOND DIVISrON. Arley v. Fairfield Reserve. Central Reserve v. /Park Juniors. Rest:lts for Novembcr 2nd. Warrington St. Paul's 1, Lvmm 4. Latchford 3, linrtonwood •Sucial 0. Rylaruis 1, Palatine 0. Monks Hall 1, Ceetral 4. St. Barnabas.o. Buttonwood 5. Fertketh 0, Fairfield 2. - Oughtrington Park lio,korve 3, Orford 4. IVarri ,gtou Central Reserve 0, St. Elphin's 0. Warrington St.'Johte3 3, Par:i. Juniors 0.

W.VNZING roN Ti!.I3%IEN PAM' SCHOOLS I.I4:AGUE, RESULTS TO SATURDAY.

P. W. *L. .... 3 ... 3 0

D. For. Agst. Pt. 0... S ... 0 ... 6

===== 0002601_19071109_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Paroctial

St.M:rys 3... $... 0... 0 ... 13 ... 1 ... Silvnr Str,iet 4 ... 3 ... 1 ... 0 ... ii ... 3 ... St. Ilartnthal' 4 ... 2 ... ... 0 ... 10 ... 6 ... 4 Arpley Street 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 0 ... 6 ... 4 ... 4 Beaniont 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 0 8 ... 7 ... 4 St. Jetnws' Trinity Ilentbside Harnilton St 4 ... 1 ... 3 ... 0 ... 3 ... 2 Wycliffe—. Orrord 4 ... 0 ... 1 ... _ 1 ... 24 ... 0

lOwing to the mid-tertr holiday only two Leagne ! matches were decided. Orford have yet to win their first match, their latest

conquerors being ilamilton-street, who won by 2-0. The winners showed some improvement on their previous form, and if they can keeplt up should figure well in.the League by the end of the season. St. Barnabas' boys seem to have struck a had patchos I they dropped two more valuable points to Silver-street. ; The winners played a dashing game, and quite deserved 1 the victory. Cole was always a dangerous forward, and Shelmerdine at full-back kicked julicionsly and well. Banner worked hir 1 for the loser but was incljaed to wander too much. Churm was the best of ,theWalvei. A pra,tice match t) select a team to represent the Len'tue against Wallasey in the International Shield Compotition çn Nowa:Ler 23rd took place on the Barracks field. There was nothing in the imatA.h to rouse enthusiasm, the boys; seeming rather list's-is.

_ . "A tem ',Non by 7:-1," 11" team scoring horn a "penalty."

===== 0002601_19071109_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR ELDERLY FOLK.

Get from nny good. chemist, r.riucture Genti3n Compound, one ouncei. Syrup Rhubarb, one ounce ; Balkola Compoond, one ounce ; and Syrup .of Cimzer, five ounces ; and miK kv shaking well in a 'fake ii teaspoonful does, one after meal and , one at bedtime.

This is the prescription and the divectiOns a 9 given

; • by an eminent authotlty on hidney diseases, who makes thc: statement that this sinip!e .hotne-made t mixt rue will relieve almost any kidney disorder, or " backache or bladder weakness. This should prove , or untold value to .all elderly fol4s, wh,,-) always suffer, more or less, with thoir kidne,7s and bladder at thii time ef year.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FREE CHURCHES.

THE CONGO crasls.

There is likely to be a big agitation during the coming months with regard to the posi- tion of affairs on the Congo. For years now the evidence of horrors and violence has been accumulating, until the whole British public has realised that something must be done. Sir Edward Grey has made representations, and agitation and diplomacy have done their best; the result is at length revealed. After twelve months' wait the Belgian Government has published its proposals. Their nature is such as to constitute an insult to the intelligence of the British people. Under the proposed Annexation Law, King Leopold retains in every essential particular the entire legislative, executive, and financial control of the Congo. He draws up the laws, appoints (and dismisses) the official charged with their application, controls the finances, selects (and dismisses) the magistrates, selects the members of the "Colonial Council," and is even empowered to retain the "Congo State" flag in a Belgian Colony. No pro- vision is made for the rights of the native population, which are wholly and absolutely at his mercy, and at the mercy of his financial bodyguard.

FREE CHURCH ACTION.

The National Free Church Council has at once taken action in the matter, .and is imuing a strongly-worded appeal to Free Churchmen to organise and agitate against the proposals. In all probability, meetings will be ntld throughout the country during the autumn, when citizens will insist on the Government taking the most decided action in the matter.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
MUNICIPIL ELECTIONS

During the past few weeks the country has been- in the thick of the Municipal Elections. Free Churchmen are taking more and more interest in civic affairs, as it is realised that it is not sufficient to watch the making of Laws 'at Westminster, but that their local administration should be closely scrutinised. This year, for the first time, women are eligible for membership of Municipal Councils, and no doubt the result of the elections will show that many Free Churchwomen have been appointed to exercise their influence on local politics.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
THE QUESTION OF LOCALISING.

A modern Church organisation is far more complex than our fathers could have imagined. Of late years the Church has realised more and more the value of the Press, and has sought its co-operation in many ways. One of the most successful auxiliaries of Church work at -the present time is the localised magazine. Local Churches and Free Church Councils issue a magazine, the body of which is printed in London and the cover and local news added locally. This is issued for house- to-house visitation and for circulation among members, and, besides keeping the Church in touch with its members and with outsiders, it is often a source of financial profit. Of course, all depends on the character of the " inset " which is localised. Where this is cheaply produced, with printing, illustrations, and literary matter of an inferior character, its value to the Church is-questionable. ,The National, Flee Church Council, recognising the importance of supplying an inset of the highest quality, publishes the Hee Churehnzan, a maga- zine especially for localising. The success of this magazine has been extraordinary during the last few years, and at the present time the sales are no less than 120,000 pea. issue greater %ban five years ago.

A CHARMING PRODUCTION.

An advance edition of the January number of HI _ Free Yliurrkaan has been issued, -together with the programme for 1908. This January number is certainly a most charm- ing production. "IV. Scott Kink" (Rev. W. Kinascote Greenland) is contributing the serial story for the year, and a most interest- ing instalment is given in the January issue. Dr. Horton contributes a "Talk to Parents," under the title "His Little One." Rev. F. B. Meyer gives the first of series of "Lessons on Life," dealing this time with "The Tragedy of Money." Articles by Rev. Charles Brown on "Twenty-five Years in the Ministry;" the late Rev. John Watson, "The Harbour of Sweet Content ;" and Dr. Campbell Morgan, "If any Man Thirst," will be read with great interest. The illustrations throughout the number are most excellent, and every page appeals to the eye. The National Free Church Council will gladly send full particu- lars of the Free Churchman, with terms for localising, on application to the Publication Department, Memorial Hall, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE. CHURCH PIONEERS.

In view of the revival of interest in the great founders of our modern Free Churches, the National Free Church Council has pro- duced in colours, by a new process, six splen- did portraits of Oliver Cromwell, John Bun- yan, John Milton, John Wesley, George Whitefield, and George Fox. These are being presented free with every copy of the January number of the Free Churchman. It is antici- pated that there will be a great demand for this handsome portfolio, as the portraits are well worth framing.

MSESTABLISH3IENT.

Perhaps the most remarkable feature of the Church Congres: held at Yarmouth was the deliverance by the President, the Bishop of Norwich, on. Disestablishmcnt. Rarely_ has the case for disestablishment been presented so ably and convincingly. True, the Bishop, at the end of his address, gave some reasons for resisting disestablishment, but even these, on careful examination, seem only to conceal further arguments for that Measure.- 't his in out h's Free 'Church, Chronicle reprints the Bishop's address in, ertcnso, and he article will doubtless be of considerable service to Free Churchmen.

SITUATION IN WALIN,

The'political situation in Wales is decidedly better now than it has been for tome 'months past. The great Nonconformist Convention on the lli:,;establishment of the Church in Wales did much to dear the air. Whilst un- doubtedly the Tory Prcs did much to exag- gerate the alleged revolt, it:eininot be denied that consideraelec uneasineti had been Nt among loyal supportera of the Government a 3 to the prospects of dise,tablislinient.. Fortu- nately, Mr. Lloyd George, M.P., was able to give an emphatm declaration that a Disestab- lishment Bill in Woks would be submitted to the fourth Session of this Parliament, and pushed through all the stages. necessary to pass it through the flowv of Commons. The effect of the Convention can only be fully realised when the branches of the league formed under one of the re6ahltions of the day come to be established in every Parlia- mentary constituency of Wales aml Mon- meuthshire, the purpose of this being to carry out. a disestablishment propaganda, and to see that no Parliamentary candidate is supported who is not pledged to demand the immediate settlement of the Welsh Usestabl!.;iiment que6Lin.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
(Hag NEGLECT AT HAYDOM

At the Warrington . County Petty Sessiors on Wednesday. John Astrall, a collier, Of Havdock, was sell to gaol for three months for neglect:pg his four chi`- dren.—Mr..l. W. Knowles, who prosecuted, said that since the ,defendant lost his wife the children had Len shockingly neglected, brought on by. improper freding and scardi y of feed through the defendant's careletsiet p.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOBALL

NORTHERN RUGBY UNION.

NEW ZEALAND TOUR. Pts. Pts. New Zealand

COUNTY CHAMPIONSHIP. 'Yorkshire l5 Lancashire

NORTHERN LEAGUE.

Barrow 3 Ebbw Vale Battey Bradford Bramley l3 Dewsbury ll Broughton R Hull Kingston Rovers... 16 Halifax 3 Hull • 7 liuddersficld

Himslet 29 York l2 Wakefield Oldham lO Runcorn Salferd 8 Warrington -

Leigh . 19 Swinton Widnes 5 Wigan ~

5

LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

Broughton R. "A" ll St. Helens "A" PemLertoa Wignn "A" Oldham "A" 5 Runcorn "A" 2 Rochdale H. "A" 8 Wigan HigLfield 8 Warrington "A" l5 Salford "A" 3 e Warrington Gain a Point at Salford.

The first meeting between Warrington and Salford this season took place at. Weaste on Saturday before 5,000 people. Both sides had absentees, but Warrington had quite a strange kick division as compared with the one which did duty in the cup-final in April. A capital game was witnessed, in which Watrington-had the best of matters and ought to have won. Teams and officials: Salford—A. Mason, back; Cook, W. Thomas, Cock rane, and Hompson, three-quarter backs ; Preston and John, half hacks ; Buckler, E. Thomas, D. Rees, S. Warwick, T. Harris, and A. Ilindshaw, forwards. Warrington —Tilley, back ; Jordan, Cartwright, Dickinson, and Kpnyo , tbree.quarter backs: Lees and Jenkins, half backs; S. Thomas, Heath, Boardman, Flarmer, P. Boardman and Shugars, forwards. Referee, Mr. W. McCutcheon, Oldham. Touch judges, Messrs. E. Sennett, Liverpool, and J. Masen, St. Helens. The opening stages of the game were greatly in favour of Wgrrington, And but for the good defence put up by the home side the Wirepullers would undoubtedly have scored early on, Mason pulling down Kenyon in fine style. However, the first score came to the visitors, G. Themes placing a penalty goal, whilst, ahortly afterwards Tilley gathered and steered the ball betneen the uprights with a fine drop. Continuing to have the best of the game the visitors further added to their score, G. Thomas kicking another penalty and Cartwright also dropping a goal. Close on the ieterval Warwick crossed for Salford, Mason failing. On resuming the home side at once began to attack. but Tilley repeatedly got his side out of difficulties. However, John. after beating the opposition with the exception of Tilley, made a dash for the line, Let the Warringten back effected a siand tackle. Heath had to leave the field with an injured knee. Towards the close Buckler scored near the post., for Mason to land a goal. Result :—Salford 1 goal 2 tries (8 points), War- rington 4 goals (8 points). WIDNES v. WIGAN: A DRAWN GAME.

Played at Widnes, before 3,000 spectators. The first half was fast and exciting. Widnes were often dmgcrot but Sharreck defended in brilliant fas Lion. Barton,one of the Wigan forwards, had 14:. shoulder injured, and had to leave the field. Just before the interval Sharrock placed a gut' from almost on the half-way line. Half-time—Wigan, 1 goal (2 points), Widnes' nil.— Immediately on commencing the second half, Widnes attacked, and Davies placed a goal hem a mark. Shortly afterwards a fine breakaway by Lambert ended in Noon scoring a gcod try. Davits failed to improve. After this Widnes were almost continuously on the Wigan line, but they failed to add to their score. On the other hand Wigan broke away in the last minute, and Barr got over after some scrambling play. Shprrock failed at anal, and the game resulted in a d:aw of 1 goal and 1 try (5 points) each.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
OLDHAM v. RUNCORN.

Played at Oldham, before 9,000 spectators. The first half of the game was very evenly fought, but the play was not a first-Mass exhibition of football, and tow aids the finish, when Runcorn bad evidently no chance, the play became much too • rough. Jolley was sett off the field. 1 here was no score at half-time. Ferguson had tried at goal several times' but without success. Ently in the seccnd half "Birdie " Dixon opened Oldham's score by a clever individual effort, and Fer- guson kicked a goal. Jolley missed an easy penalty kick at goal. Ferguson kicked his second goal, and Older- shaw scored a try, White failing at goal. Result : Oldfam 2 goals and 2 tries (10 points), Runcorn nil.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

WALRINGTON "A" v. SALFORD "A."—The home team registered a creditable victory in this !notch played before a largecrowd at IVilderrpool on Saturday. Salford thus suffered their first defeat this season. A score was,not forthcorning until near the interval, when Ta3lor took advantage of a penalty and gave the locals a two points' lead. 'ruining mend the visitors ere seen to advantage, but Hewitt played pluckily, and then a sharp burst of passing initiated by Daintith, and taken part in by Taylor and Lloyd ended in a try to the last- named. Salford were awarded a try, Mathirter claim- ing the distinction, but Warrington again attacked, and after Harrison had raced well along the touch he defeated Garner and Isherwood in turn and scored at the corner. A goal followed from Daintith's foot, and near the close Taylor effected a magnificent run and scored a try, another goal by Duintith following. Final : Warrington, three goals, three tties (15 points) Salford, one try (three points).

===== 0002601_19071109_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Shop-Door Theft.

At the Borough Police Court on Monday, Margaret Lynch, Old-road, pleaded gulity to steeling a pair of boots, valued at 38. 111 d., from outside the shop of Messrs. Briggs and Co., Market-gate, about 6.3,5 on Saturday night. The Chief Constable said prisoner was seen outside the shop about 6.30 by an assistant named Mr. Ainley. lie saw her koking A t the boot., and he asked her if she wanted to make a :purchase. She then walked round to Hersemarket-street, but returned a little later and placed her shawl over some hoots and took a pair away. -Mr. Ainley followed her, brought her back to the shop, and informed the police. Prisoner, who had not been before the Court. previously, was fired 10s. and costs (£1 95.) or 14 days.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
St-mm. USNESS, ,PPETITE. AN ,AS

===== 0002601_19071109_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
love the A Disease

the Stomach and mediate relief in incipul functions LIVER PILLiL

ess of the action such a - TV

===== 0002601_19071109_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
to give min .s, are the pri BILIOUS

INDIGE COW-

===== 0002601_19071109_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
A Miner's Message

Here is a abort, straightforward statement of fact from Mr. W. E. Chariton, a well-known miner, who

Yours gratefully,

lives at 5, Hodgson's Row, nef.r Usworth Station, Washington, Co. Durham. Writing from his home he says :

Mr. Charlton, of Durham, cured of indigestion, pain and nausea.

I suffered for a long time from acute indigestion. My appetite was had. I had to endure a great deal of pain as well as frequent nausea and a feeling of distress and discomfort after eating. On the advice of a friend I took Iron-Or Tablets, and in a surprisingly short space of time they cured all my digestive troubles. I have no pain or nausea now, and I can eat my meals with comfort and relish.

(Signed) W. E. CHARLTON.

So efficacious are iron-Ox Tablets in cases of indigestion and constipation that those who have once learned their, curative virtues are always ready to recon3ruend them to friends and others who suffer. Mr. Charlton benefited by the advice of a friend and so secured relief. Now he is anxious that you and all other sufferers should know how well and strong, how free from pain he is, and so he sends us his grateful letter. Mr. Charlton's quick recovery points a way to you in which you can overcome the indigestion which takes so much from your pleasure in life. Don't hesitate—don't wait—to-day and now is the time to obtain iron-Ox Tablets and so free your- self from indigestion, constipation,loss of appetite, headaches, m rvousness, ind on the stomach, and nr.ny other ailments which tra the outcome of impaired digestive organs.

.„.•:::2 :: :: :: :: :.... .2 f:::::, In , ?:::..:: :.. n:•• : • ••••,..• :n .• •.. ; '.. :•:::................:•..:.' .• -: -• n.: : : . :. .: :: :: . fi . .....::::::::,63::::::::::::::::4:::::;:::::::::::•:::::::::::::::::,: :',..:. , .. ,:....,:•::,..::::-.::•:;."......•;:„*.•:::::•::•:iii.::•.•:::::;:iiiiiiii:.:•:.:•:.:::.•::%:iiiii.::.•:iiiiiiii:1:::.:.::::'.:•;:.::"::.:1•-• . • -....„ -..:.:,..„,•:...ny.;•,...,:•:•:•*.•:;:•;::•:•:•:.•:•:•:••-: :::;:::i:•••:•-•:. ..„,v In .: .•:::::: . :•:•:•:•:•:•::::•:::•:•::::%4::"x•:\•):•‘:—:••1_\:'" w"." ''''''' f . . :. -::::•:......:-::::::::::::$::::::::::4:::::::::::.:_.s:„.N•ss %-yicnx•'::::': •s:i4..:*: '' "::::::. • - : : ; ; ..:-.*:: •:.::::::::::::•:::::;:::::?..:::::::::::::,:•.:kt:-. ~,-. ..,"'::.;.:._. •i•:.;:. •:::•••: .:: :: .-• .:. , .:::::.*:::i::::::•:3:::x_':;I:s:;-:E:iiEiE:i:•;:n.'s•-:::-. * ~ •::.:: ::- ••••::.,:' .: ... . ::-.::-:.i.::•43:iiii.,..Ii.izi.:m:E:EE:-E.:E:Ei.:-:' n• ;,.1,:•.. V:*::":: :E..tiksi :• i n . :.: :•:;.:::.:::;;*•:,‘:•:•:•:.:E:2•,... n•). . ••::::::::,,,::•::::•:•:- •-.:••••.,:n . fi ii • ..:::':':•EiiiEEEifi:::,...•:'-:•::::-.. '-' ". -.:Nk'.... Iiii:::;:;- - .. :. .....':•:*: 3-:.• ::,.-: :,....:, . -.:. :•:•:•:::,:•:-:•::::::::::::. ' .2::::::.:E, •••::::••:-. • - .:-:•-•:::: s::3':'. i• ,$. •• ~......• :::•.,:•:i:;::i: ::::::...,,r..... -,. • ...;:i: .:;.:::::.: ::::: . :-.• ~ -., ~..::::::::: : -:•-„,,,, , . ‘... F.: . .:::: **E.. ::E:.„.......tit ••., ..i.:::::;:,•,:.•;:.::.:::•:i7:.:,..?•,::.. - ?..:::::::::::.::. . ... 04. :,-,...,•-;:: • :.•.,,,,:.,;.:nc,:•:::•:•:-.•:•::•:::•:-:•:;:•:•:i,•:•:::•••••••••••••••:•••••••• nn •n. 1 , , ... -. :•:„:...:.,,,...:•:•:.:•:.:••••••:•:•:•:•:•:•:••:•••••• •••:•••••:••••••:,•••:•:•••:•:•••:••:•:':' •::'-'-'-' ..,,., ~.. .... *.:.:::: •••:::•:.:::-;:. :%:•:::::::::•:E::':i:.:::.:i:::::::::*::::%:-:: .:: i :.4,i•-: 1 g 1.1 : ...:::E,:•.% • ,$:•••s:::.::::::iiiii:::::•:.,,,:•:•......:::•..:::•,::::::::::::..::,::.:,,:i.:::.:':.:::i.,:i.:iii:::*.i.::': ....: ::: 'r: ::* .i . t ~.: :: : ::.,...1, ‹,:,:::,:::. V•••.*.c....:.:::::::- - . .::::::::::::::•:::::;:::;:::::::::::.:::::: :: ::, ?.., :..: ... •:::::•.. n. N.A.:. , ...... .:::_.:•:••*::.•• - - -•:•.•:::::::::::::i::::::::::••••• : , •••: ..:.•.: .. ••:.:••.: % ...:.„..0,::*%:::::::::•:, .i: i :;.. .....:•:, ,:• •:,•:::: ,:::::.::::': 1. ,• • • '':•iiii.:•::i:i'i ....:::%1': i: :i ,$ :: .1 .: :•:':i •t:::E.:•.\c:'::%-*** - •:::::i:,:::::::: i':::, .i,' :1 • qiPiiMitvio.::: - ....., .. ~,- • -...:::::::.- •izi: ..i6iEi:::•iiiii.:EiliEgi.iiii:::•;i:::•::-.-E,:.:::•::•:•:•:•:•:•:-.::•:•::.::::•:.:•.::*:.:•:.:*:.-31.:•::'i.'3.' 7 ......ii:i:iii.::•iiiii:i:K:E:ii.:0:,.:1:?:,•,:i;i::•,:•:::.:::::*:::::::::•ii::': _ "•:•:....,..... . ~* .-:-' . :•:•:.:::•••• - • ••••:•:•:::::::;•-•:' ..,;•::::•:•'" MR . AV. E. Cue 11 LTON.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
HOR LICK'S

MEANS MALTED MILK,

AND MALTED MILK IS THE BEST FOOD FOR ALL AGES. REQUIRES NO COOKING. Samples, 31, Farringdon Road, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
LARGE POSTERS

JOHN WALKER & BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
10V A YEAR. Payable 21 per cent. quartarly in the Participating Absolutely Guaranteed Gold Bonds issued by AMERICAN COMMERCIAL EXCHANGE. Agents Wanted Everywhere. Permanent employment, good pay, quick advance- ment. Address AMERICAN COMMERCIAL EXCHANGE. 1136 Broadway, Now York; or Walter T. Roberson, Special Representative, 6a. Ee Plaoe, London. S.W.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
L

reatest

;'voices

r own'

ng-room

UM ; IA !AFli-o-phon

Doesn't such a fascinating possibility appeal to you P

Then drop a line to-day for "Price Book 20," which gives particulars of our various cylinder and disc models, and our extensive repertoire of records, with description of the special COLUMBIA features which account for the distinctive "true to life' reproduction you always get from a "COLUMBIA." COLUMBIA "HOMOGRAPH CO.. 84 I; 66, OXFORD STREET, LONDON, W. GLASGOW:So, 'Union St. CARDIFF : 96, St. Mary St. MANC I LES lER : 54, Market St. Dealers Everywhere.

, - Th •- e ~, siningveni , v./ --.-- • -. ,i # - ---.4 4 it.." ' iA ' , • fliWt i&aravn ~.,, -....„..,..„.,i, =' 110.41 ~.1111111, IL L' ~:**T-Ic-4-e o - - in.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
U

===== 0002601_19071109_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
HANDSOME FREE WETS.

With each order far one Dress Length of our NEW WYLWYRWELL FABRIC, value 7/6, 8/11, or 9/8. we shall present, absolutely free, a Silver rooc , Charm, Glove Mirror, Seal, or Hat Pin, all Hall- marked and worth from 1/11 to 2 6 each. HOW TO PROCEED.—Write at once for Patterns and full particulars and select which artic:s you prefer.

Patterns ard Price List Post Free (ne:d zot be returned).

LUTAS LEATHLEY & CO., IA, Wylwyrwell Warehouse, aft,,MLEY, LEEDS.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
. . „ • : • • ••• "C. • :•••4 , • . • • -347,14".••37,.V.t1r.e..64

TINS

9 -kf;

===== 0002601_19071109_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
CURE THE WORST COUGH

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. pular remedy, used in continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostan, Jobert,Velp- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impuritvof blood,spots,blotches,pain & swelling ofjoints, kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischates,, piles, gravel, pains in back' ;.-lout,rbeumatism,exhauston, sleeplessness, Bw. Three forms, N 03.1, 2& 3, according to cliseaces. Price 2/9 (particulars id. stamp) post free • in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co, Haver- stock Road,Hampstead, Londou,& pincipal Chemists.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
RING UP

TELEPFONE N. 355 Y. PRINTING. OF EVERY DESURIPTION JOHN WALKER & CO.,

PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. LIT D OGRA PB ERR. Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

===== 0002601_19071109_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any sue or pattern en blue, white, or fancy paper.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
ADDRESS or VIAITING CARDS Printed from tl plate or type.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
CIRCLATIS in the n4itest style, from modern tTpe, enct of the best workmanship.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRAMMks fnr Entertainments, !Concerts ac., In the latest artistic style.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
QPFCIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION 0 WORKS.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIP, lON BOOKS Printed, Bound. Burnbered and Perforated to order.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
HANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Song. Festivals.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
CATALOGUE.? for Public lni Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradunnon.

PRICE LISCS Printe:l on card or pnpar Dins trete& if required.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER Sri CO.

CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SHEETS NoncEs OF MEETINGS POSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES POST CARDS

===== 0002601_19071109_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET FIXTURES.

EVERY DiMR PTION OF PR I NTI N

AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHEDELF.3 AND CATALOGUES. ONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES, `r)VNVOIOES, PRICE LISTS, CIRCULARS, PAMPHLETS, TIME BOOKS,' MILL WORK, CATALOGUES, CLun RULES, PROGRAMMES, BALANCE SHEETS, FEE,'ITTED AT SNORT NOTICES.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS.

Attention le invited to oar filsW F 011213 OF TITB

and WOOD LETTER for Large Posters. FOR ALL KINDS OF NEAT

POSTERS EXTRA LARGE SIMI,

40 x 60 One Sheet.

WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS IN THE DISTRICT.

ESTIMATES FOR PRIN TING ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIM \TES FOR PAPER RULING.

ESTIMA. .74S FOR LITHOGRAPHING JOHN WALKER & CO.,

"EXAMINER" OFFICE.

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON:

===== 0002601_19071109_art0135.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11

===== 0002601_19071109_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for pnblication must ia all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paper and sent in, if possible,not later than Thursday.

Mr Grosfield and" Nulli Secundus." Sir.—l observe that in last Saturday's issue of your contemporary a correspondent who signs himself " Insight " charitably insinuates that a letter which appeared over the signature of " Nulli Secundus," and ray answer to it, which you were good enough to print in the "'Examiner "were, in plain English, a "put up job "for political purposes. He is mistaken. With all his perspicacity he has discovered only a mare's next, as he will realise when he hears that Ido not even know who " Nulli Secundus" is. There was therefore no collusion between us when Nulli Secundus "wrote and asked me a polite and a straight question which I thought then, and think now, deserved an equally direct answer. "Insight," whose nom de plume by the way scarcely seems to have been happily chosen, will perhaps excuse me if I don't pur- sue this little controversy with him any further. We can at least, I presume, shake hands over the admirable settlement that has been arrived at—with honour to all parties concerned—saving the country from what would have been nothing short of a National calamity.—Yours, etc., A. H. CROSFIELD.

Hoylake, November.7tb, 1907. _ -

Proposed Benefit to D. Isherwood. Sir,—Probably you are aware that a special general meeting .of members to beheld in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-Street, has been called for Friday November 15th, to consider the proposed benefit to Mr. D. Isherwood the popular centre of the Warrington Rugby Football Club. I hope all members of the club will make a special effort to attend the meeting, and show their appreciation of Mr. Isherwood's valuable services to the club by granting the benefit, which in my opinion has been well earned. Yort..s truly, HARRY ROGERS, Feather's Hotel, Bridge-street, Warrington. Bth November, 1907. The Elections. _ _

&Ir.—The Municipal contest is now over, the Drink Trade is victorious, and we have suffered defeat. In the conduct of the campaign we have fought honourably and above board, we have fought a good fight, and as Temperance Reformers we are not ashamed or dismayed thqugh somewhat disappointed our motto ctill is nil despe ra ?Limo . The Brewing interest is the party responsible for the late contest and have chosen their own gror.nd by putting forward in every case representatives of the Trade ; not content to rest the contest on that one question,they have dragged in the question of religious education and better housing. Who ever beard of the Tratle advancing education or is it possible for them to improve the homes of the working-class? We have henceforth dangled before us the spectacle of Boniface clothed with a cloud of etheral blue grasp- inf with one hand a little ragged urchin whom he is going to better house and by the other a school boy whom he is going to better educate and teach him the way he ought to go. How will he do either? On the Council we now have four Brewers representing four different brewing concerns besides several publicans. The Council will in the near future have to deal directly or indirectly with the buying-out of licence-holders. How will they handle the question? Bear in mind we have some fine palaces to get drunk In and you have a fine palace in Arpley-street to get sober in, but I am afraid your insanitary dwellings will remain. I shall watch the process in the future and shall be very pleased if I find myself to he a false prophet.—l am, &c,

PHIL SQUOD.

Sir,—The heat of last Friday's contest has died down and I am in no way surprised to find that the electors are far from satisfied with their "bargain " and many who voted for "beer" now see only too plainly how their action has aroused the indignation of a large pro- portion of their fellow townspeople. It is somewhat remarkable what absurdly ridiculous bluff is put forward in order to successfully claim the vote of the working class. What splendid service was done by the three R's ' (Rogers, Roberts and Religious liberty). Do the electors suppose that a branch of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel will be opened at Wilders- pool Brewery or the Feathers Hotel? The only manner we can expect them to "let their light shine" will be the gas lamps of their "glittering Gin Palaces." If these gentlemen have suddenly become religious, why could not Councillor Roberts show it by thanking from the Town Hall steps those who had been so generous as to place him in a position to pratect the interests of the firm he represents? The working man in Howley Ward had an abundance of friends up till 8 p.m. on Friday. But after going to the Park to hear the opinion of the" favoured few" be finds he has been "sold." We aro told it was a Conservative victory. But will any of the Conservative party be good enough to tell us why it is that their particular party only nominates crndidates connected with the drink trade, which is an insult to the teetotal Conservative voters? Rather is it not a party working for the propagation of this abhorred trade under the guise of so-called religion, flying a false flag in order to defeat the ends of those who are working for a sober and a righteous people? I am astonished that a section of the Christian Church can make such an unholy alliance,and utterly fail to see how their attitude is compatible with their creed. Do they ever ask themselves" What would Jesus do ?". I hope to write again at a later date. I am, yours faithfully, 7th November, 1007.

J. IL GRIFFITHS

===== 0002601_19071109_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
JUNIOR LIBERALS "The Value and Significanca of the Hague Conference."

At a meeting of the Junior Liberal Association on Monday evening Mr. Harold Gray gave an address on the above subject. Mr. R. E. Burtt presided. Mr. GRAY contended that some wars had unquestion- ably done a certain amount of good in the past, but that civilisation, especially Enropean civilisation, had reached such a point in its development that war among European nations could be nothing less than retrogressive and disastrous. War enthroned force and could very rarely be said to equitably settle a quarrel. The Hague Conference showed a decided advance towards a better and saner method. With the help of education and civilisation it would be more difficult to obtain the consent of people to a war. Although the Conference did not make any great advance on any great single principle, notable advances were made in many directions. The reduction or check of armaments was not discussed, but he was , informed by_one_who was at the Hague that there was '

a widespread feeling among the dele-gates that this sub- ject should not be relegated to the background, but that efforts should be made in all possible directions to bring about the very desirable end. Even the principle of obligatory arbitration was notprominently discussed. The U.S.A. and our delegates tried to induce the Con- ference to accept the principle in certain secondary matters, but there were a few dissensions. The main lines of advance were in the systematizing. and hence the strengthening of international law. Hitherto chaos and confusion bad reigned, but out of chaos evolved n cortain amount of order, _

and this movement in itself would do much good. The position of neutrals during war was prominently discussed and this kind of work would facilitate progress, because it would be more difficult for a neutral (so-called) to lend aid to any of the bellicose parties. Food supply was considered and a notable move was made to the effect that an exchange of memoranda should take place between the various Governments respecting future naval construction. Hitherto, the war-like section of the Press bad most ingeniously worked up scares, but in future it would have less to feed upon. This ventilation of a painful subject must tend towards a better understanding. Forces growing in majesty, continued Mr. Gray, were aiding the struggle against war and militarism— humanithutility and Christianity. International arbitra- tion was already in the sphere of practical politics. Our vision of peace should be world-wide, embracing. all men. The proved practicability of this principle was amply shown in the moral progress of the last century. Those who defended war did it ln an apologetic tone. Let us do whatever lay in our power to further this great idea. War was inconsistent with the dictates of humanity and alien to the spirit of common fellowship

among men. A long and interesting discussion followed, Mr. A. TILLING, Mr. R. LLOYD-JONES, Mr. NlorrroN,Councillor HAWTHORN and others, including the CITAIRNIAN,taking part. General regret was expressed that a greater advance had not been made at the last Conference, but t was considered that the time was opportune for further discussion and a spreading of those great prin- ciples which still awaited definite crystallisation in an institution such as a permanent Court of International Arbitration, where all matters of primary and secondary interest should be judged by an impartial tribunal. Next Monday evening Councillor Hawthorn will speak on "Local Municipal Questions."

Kidney trouble preys upon the mind MEN discourages and lessens ambition

AND beauty, vigor and cheerfulness soon WOMEN disappear when the kidneys are our of order or diseased. For pleasing results use Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root. At chemists sample bottle by post free, also pamphlet. Dr. Kilmer Co., Dept. 329, Temple Chambers, London.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CYCLING CLUB.

Dinner to Celebrate Twenty-First Anniversary.

Speech by Mr. A. H. Crosfield M.P.

The members of the Warrington Cycling Club are naturally proud of the fact that this year the organiza- tion has attained its twenty-first anniversary, and the event was celebrated at a dinner held at the Patten Arms Hotel on Thursday evening. The function was a com- plete success, the wheelers mustering in strong force, and there was ample indication that the club was never more prosperous and active than to-day. The esteemed president ( Mr. John Naylor) presided and was supported by the Mayca (Alderman Smethurst),Mr. A. H. Crosfteld, M.P., Mr. Robert Pierpoint, Councillor W. B. Roberts, Mr.F.Fieldhouse (captain),Sergeant Major Delmage(sub- captain), Mr. G. H. Smith (hon. secretary) and others. An excellent repast was served and afterwar3s the usual toast list was gone through. The loyal toasts were enthusiastically honoured on .the proposition of the President.

THE CLUB'S FIRST RUN. The HON. SECRETARY announced that he had received letters of apology for non-attendance from Mr. J. Charlton Parr, M. Roger C. Parr, Mr. T. Andley (chair- man of the Liverpool centre of the N.C.U.), Mr. Alfred Perris,Mr. Qharles Pugh (Liverpool) and the Manchester Wheelers C.C. Mr. Alfred Perris, who was the first captain of the club, wrote that he remembered leading the first club run out from the George Hotel yard and the days of his captaincy were still freskin his memory --NAVY, ARMY AND RESERVE FORCES. Mr. ROBERT PiEtRPOINT proposed this toast. He sometimes thought that people, especially those who were the non-fighting part of the community, were a little too apt to forget the services of those who were of the fighting community and who wore that uniform to which they ought to attribute every_honour. They were also a little !too apt to forget the great anniversaries in the nation's history. They should, even more than they did now, cherish in their minds the memories of what our fighting men had done in times gone by and they could not do that better than by remembering the days as they went by and what they celebrated.. Wednesday, for. instance, was the anniver- sary of one of the toughest battles that was ever fought and won by our soldiers—the great battle of Inkermann in the Crimea. (Applause.) He almost thought he could remember the announcement of that victory on the placard in big letters, with the enormous number of killed in which like a little boy he rejoiced greatly— (laughter)—at the doorway of Mr. Poulson's or Mr. Haddock's shop at Market Gate. Only a little more than a fortnight ago was the anniversary of a still greater and more celebrated victory than the soldiers' fight at Inkerraann and that was the great anti never- to-be forgotten victory of Trafalgar. (Applause.) He delighted to be able to mention these two battles because they were so well commemorative of both the army and the navy. (Applause.) Mr. Pierpoint sent on to pay a tribute to the patriotism of the Warrington volunteers and militia who responded so nobly to their country's call at the time of the Boer war. Everybody, perhaps, was too apt in considering the sdoings of the foie() to pay all the honour to the great generals and admirals who won the victories. Great honour was due to them, but let us sometimes think of the men who fought in the ranks, the non-commissioned officers and the Privates, and he thought he might broach that senti- ment best jutlig lines : Great 11. the facile conqueror, But haply he who wounded sore, Breathless, unhorsed, and covered o'er With blood and sweat, Sinks foiled.but fighting ever more Is greater yet. (A ppla use). Sergeant-Major DELMAGE responded and ssid the thoughtfulness which prompted people in their enjoy- ment to think kindly of the sailors and soldiers of the King was highly appreciated by the members of the setvrces. They were not merely the gilded butterflies that people might think they were, but very often thinking men who knew how to appreciate the kind words spoken of them. (Applause).

'THE WARRINGTON CYCLING CLUB." MR. CROSFI ELD'S CYCLING EXPERIENCES.N The PRESIDENT in calling upon the Borough Member to propose this toast said the name of Crosfield bad for many years been a household word in Warrington. Mr. A. B. CROSFIELD, M.P., who was heartily rece:ved, confessed that he knew very little about cycling and therefore it was very kind of the mem- bers of the club to entrust perhaps the most important toast of the evening. to him. He much appreciated their invitation to ,oin in what had been a most convivial and genial gathering, thanks to the charming company one found oneself amongst. "Coming down in the train," continued Mr. Crosfleld, "I thought I ought to be in for a pleasant evening, because I remembered what a wag—l think it was T. C. Horsfall—said years ago on hearing John Bright's definition of happiness. When somebody asked John Bright what he thought happiness consisted in, he said "A pleasurable occupation with a sense of progress. This was reported to our friend Mr. Horsfall who thereupon wrote one word: Bicycling. (Laughter and applause.) I thought this ought also to be a very sociable gathering, because I have seen those attractive machines about the country, the sociables—(laughter)— sometimes with two of ourselves on,sometimes perhaps with a charming girl behind—(laughter)—and I have often thought that if, as has been said, the birth of the bicycle was almost a revolution in England, the conse- quences of the sociable might be even more revolu- tionary. (Laughter.) I won't venture to say very much TOWN COUNCIL. on that aspect of the question because it would need delicate handling, or you would probably say I was -- skidding on rather slippery ground—(laughter)—and my friend Mr. Pierpoint knows that there are times 1 To-day's Meeting for the Election of when politicians do skid on rather slippery ground. 1 (Laughter.) Mr. Crosfleld went on to recall the intro- duction of a most horrible machine—which, for his sins he did once try—called the" bone-shaker." (Laughter.) 1 That would be about thirty-five years ago—he was 1 The Question of Precedence. afraid he was rather giving himself away in quoting ' euch events—(laughter)—and he did not like his experi- I A "meeting of the Warrington Town Council will be ence .of the " bone-shaker "at all. Then he tried one held at twelve o'clock noon to-day (Saturday) for the of the old-fashioned peculiar machines—the "spider," ' transaction of the following business :—Election of with a vast wheel. (Laughter.) They taught him to ; Mayor (Alderman Smethurst is to be re-elected) ; go about a couple of hundred yards on that fairly ' appointment of Deputy-Mayor and Mayor's chaplain; pleasantly, so he grew ambitious and thought be would j e ection of five aldermen to supply the places of those try to learn to get off the machine as well as to monut who go out of office to-day, viz. :—Aldermen Bolton, it. (Laughter.) He attempted to vault off the back- Evans, Forshaw, Francomb and Smethurst; fixing of bone—which sounded an acrobatic sort of feat—but ' Council meetings for the ensuing year; confirmation of unfortunately instead of putting his foot on the back bone the standing orders; appointment of committees; he stuck it into the spokes. (Laughter). He then election of presiding aldermen, appointment of one literally understood what Shakespeare meant when he representative on each of the following authorities : spoke of "Vaulting ambition o'er leaping—itself" Lancashire Asylums Board, Lancashire Inebriates (laughter)—in fact he cut what in the hunting field Board, County Rate Joint Committee appointment of they called a voluntary. The days had gone by for those four representative members of the Education Com- ' old-fashioned machines and now they had in this age of mittee in the places of the following—Councillors evolution the introduction of the free wheel. He was Sankey, Fulton-Smith and Barton, and Mr. William afraid he could not tell them very much about the Clegg; appointment of two co.optative members of the free wheel. He used to read somethine about free will Education Committee, on the recommendation of the and predestination and it led him on into metaphysics Association of Nonconformist Elementary Schools and and he began to tackle the subject of mind and matter the Varrington Chamber of Commerce. . until one day somebody risked him if he had heard the • i answer to the question " What is the difference between - CAUCUS MEETING. mind and matter?" When he replied that he had not, , A canons meeting of the Council was held at the be was told that the answer was Never mind,it doesnt' Town Hall on Monday evening, the Mayor presiding. matter." (Laughter). But to leave persiflage, con- I THE ALDERMEN. tinned Mr. Crosfleld, he had often spoken of the . The Tow' CLERK said he had received an intimation wonderful advance of outdoor recreations in the British from Alderman Francomb (whose term of office is Isles and throeghout the Empire, and he hoped to have expiring) to the effect that he did not seek re-election. the pleasure of doing so on many occasions, because he 1 A discussion took place as to the other aldermen thought it was really part and parcel of British life whose term of office is expiring, namely, the Mayor,and nowadays. Not only were games and sports important Messrs. Bolton, Forshaw, and Evans, but there is reason to the maintenance of British physique and capacity all , to believe that these gentlemen will be re-elected. the world over, but he honestly' believed they 1 ' THE COMMITTEES. had very much to do with the development of the , Numerous changes were made in the constitution of sense of fair play and character in Englishmen. It was the various committees. Dr. Joseph was placed on the a pleasant and congenial topic to dwell upon and surely Watch Committee in place of Alderman Fairelough ; amongst the great national pastimes of Britain—foot- Councillors Ashcroft and Locker take the place of ball, cricket, and in Scotland and other places toregolf— Alderman Fairclough and Mr. Clegg on the (langhter)—the most astonishing feature being the Finance Committee; Councillors Lord and Roberts spread of the ancient game of bowls in this part of the were appointed members of the Street Improvement eountry—(applause)—one of the most remarkable Committee in place of Messrs. Clegg and Wilding; developments—it almost amounted to revolution—was Councillor Hawthorn was elected to the Health Com- that of cycling in our own generation. By means of mittee in place of Mr. Clegg, and Councillor the cycle, people were enabled to appreciate more fully Roberts placed on the Museum Committee in place of the beauties of old England, of which the president had Councillor Chaetler, retired from that body- Alderman been telling him interesting ancedotes. If the motor Evans and Councillor Toole retire from the Cemetery was a somewhat doubtful blessing—(laughter)—a con- Committee, and these and other vacancies are to voeience, and he was bound to say a pleasure, to those be ft:led up by the appointment of Alderman who enjoyed it but rather a nuisance sometimes to Bolton, and Councillors Locker, Nield, Steel and other people—they could not say that of cycling. •It Benson. On the Gas Committee Councillors Rogers was an ,unmixed blessing to everybody—(hear,heao— and Locker take the places of Alderman Fairclough and and he as sure that splendid gathering proved that the Councillor Duncan, and on the Rivers Committee Alder- reoreation was valued at its proper estimation in our man Tinnion succeeds Alderman Fairclough. On the old town of Warrington. (Applause). He wished the Water Committee Councillors Rogers and Locker act ire club every possible success and he hoped it would be place of Alderman Francomb and Councillor Duncan, the means of encouraging more and more the people in to the Gymnasium Committee there are to be three new its particular centre to avail themselves of that admir- members, namely, Councillors Hawthorn, Roberts, and awe, healthy outdoor recreation which enabled them Ellison. On the Electricity and Tramways Committee not only to kill distance—and that, be was told, was Councillor Hawthorn takes the place of Mr. Clegg. in itself a pleasure—but to enjoy the beauties of our , Under the Small Holdings and Allotment Act,1907, a own beloved country. Therefore he asked them to new Committee was appointed, consisting of Aldermen drink, with all cordiality, to the welfare and prosperity Bennett and Forsbaw, and Councillors Ball, Chantler of the Warrington Cycling Club. (Loud Applause)- Ellison, Cnnnington, Stott, Nield, Toole and Wilkinson. Mr. F. FIELDHOUSE (captain) in responding, said , PRECEDENCE. that for twenty-one years the club had held its own After a long discussion on this aubject the Council with the foremost clubs in England, and now numbered decided that previous service will not be taken inth 130 members. He ventured to think it would be just as consideration in the case of members of the Council prosperous twenty-one years hence. (Applause.) The who, after an interruption of. service exceeding three club had passed through various phases, and at one time months, have again been returned to the Conncil. The the racing element was so strong that it threatened to Standing Order was altered to read :—" For the pur- overwhelm the social side. There were fights between pose of determining the seniority of members of the the two factions—for the club once numbered many fine Council, with a view to the allotment. of their seats in racing men of whom they were justly proud—but as no the Council Chamber, and for other purposes, a list shall new stars appeared in the firmament to take the place be prepared by the Town Clerk, in which shall be of these experts, the social members got a chance. He inserted in the first place the names of the several believed at the present time that the social element was aldermen in the order of their respective periods of the backbone of the club. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Field- continuous and uninterrupted tenure of office, and in house then reviewed the many-sided activities the next place the names of the several councillors in of the club, pointing out how the interest of order of their respective periods of continuous and the members was fully maintained during the uninterrnpted tenure of the office of councillor, but any winter 14 means of social functions. Pleasure, how- interval not exceeding three months in duration shall ever, was not their only consideration, for when not be considered to be an interruption, provided that occasion demanded they were always ready to help the the Deputy Mayor shall in all cases take priority next cause of charity. In addition to organizing a cycle after the Mayor."

===== 0002601_19071109_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, November 9, 1907.

1 parade which raised £4OO for the Infirmary Extension I RUNCORN AND WIDNES. Fund, the club took an active part in the bazaar and I ---- fAte at Hill Cliffe on behalf of the same worthy object. : Mr. Fieldhouse concluded by thanking the members for , MILK-DEALER FINED. their loyalty and esprit de corps. 1 John Ravenscroft,farmer. of Hall-o'-th'-Hey,Kingsley, i Mr. G. H. SMITH (hon. secretary) also responded and , near Frodsham, was fined 40s. and costs at the Liver- referred to the fact that they had with them one mem- pool Police Court on Wednesday for having consigned ber who was present at the meeting when the club was to a purchaser in Liverpool a quantity of milk Which ' formed—Mr. James Critchley. (Applause.) The club I was deficient in cream. On October 1, Inspector Collins was certainly a power for good and they would all strive to maintain its place as not the least worthy I attended at Lime-street Station and met a train which of - brought milk from the defendant's farm to Liverpool. the many organizations in the town. (Applause.) IHe examined one can of milk, and found the milk THE PRESIDENT AND WARRINGTON ROADS. ! deficient in cream.—Mr. Brasses', of Chester, who Before the toast of "The Corporation and Trade of , defended, urged that the milk had not been tampered Warrington" was proposed, the PRESIDENT said the , with by the defendant or any of his employes. Cheshire County County had led the way in making 1 LIVERPOOL MEN CHARGED WITH THEFT. good roads. Was it too much to ask that the authorities Ernest Baker and Henry M‘Donald who gave their I who had charge of the roads in Warrington should make I it easier for the people to get out into Cheshire? i address as "Liverpool" and "Edge-hill," were brought before Mr. Innson, at Runcorn Police Court on Tuesday ( Applause.) He suggested that the club should invite the Mayor and Corporation to take a cycle ride along lon a charge of stealing on overcoat and singlet, the property of Thomas Leach, Church-street. From state- some of the roads—(laughter)—say as far as Grappen- hall, Stretton, and Walton. One result would be that I ments by Superintendent Ennion and Police Constable 1 Wynne, it appeared the prisoners were in company, and Warrington Bridge would go. (Applause.) It was a scandal and disgrace to the town, and it was dangerous ISPDonald lifted the articles from the doorway of the shop. Baker was apprehended in a Runcorn lodging- to cross it when the traffic was so crowded. Black Bear house, and Nl`Donald at Widnes, with a portion of the Bridge was too narrow and ought to be altered, as well as the miserable crossing at Wilderapool. On the singlet in his possession. The overcoat had not been recovered. The prisoners were remanded for a week. Wilderspool-road there were holes at least two inches I deep, while the entrance to the Chester-road was not at WIDNES LANDLORD ASSAULTED. all adequate. Many cyclists were prevented from enjoy- At Widnes, on Tuesday, George Thompson, of no ing the beauties of the country owing to the wretched fixed abode, was charged with being drunk and dis- state of miles of tram lines and setts. If they went orderly and assaulting the landlord of the Commercial through Manchester, Liverpool and Leeds by motor or Hotel. He was remanded until Thursday morning. On bicycle they could ride with moderate ease, but on the Sunday night prisoner was refused drink aissl ordered Warrington roads which he had mentioned they found out of the house. Mr. Winfield, the proprietor, got him a great contrast. How a member of the Cycling Club outside, when he aimed a terrible blow at his (Mr, could get up and propose the toast of the Warrington Winfield's) head. Mr. Winfield received the blow on Corporation he did not know. (Laughter.) the left hand, and he will not be able to use it properly. "CORPORATION AND TRADE OF The blow was struck with a heavy stick. Prisoner got WARRINGTON." I away, and it was only on Monday afternoon That he came into the house again, and, upon being recognised, Mr. GEORGE BOWMAN proposed this toast, and said he was arrested. Prisoner denied any knowledge of he believed there were something like sixty distinct trades in the town. He was pleased to say that com- the occurrence, and said if had he known he would have paratively speaking they were in the midst of quitted the town. prosperous times. It behoved the electors in returning RUNCORN DOING ITS DUTY. their representatives to the Council to seises business The monthly meeting of the Runcorn Urban District men who could take a broad view of things and had a Council was held on Wednesday,Mr.Thomas Jones presid- good sense of proportion. In the Mayor they had a in". The medical officer reported that during October gentleman who combined those qualities. (Applause.) there were 21 deaths, of which 3 were due to zymotic The 51,1.1'0R, in responding, said he took the Presi- diseases. The number of births was 50. In the corres- dent's remarks in good part. If they could provoke ponding month of last year there were 24 deaths and 44 each other to good works let them do so. (Hear, hear.) births.—Mr. Dean: I notice that the birth-rate is not They had to keep down the rates if they wanted to going down in Runcorn.—Mr. Lake: No ; Runcorn induce manufacturers to come to the town, and there- seems to be doing its duty. (Laughter.)—On the fore they could not lay carpets in every street. recommendation of the Finance Committee, it was (Laughter.) The Mayor drew attention to numerous resolved that the Manchester Ship Canal Company's street improvements effected during late years. It assessment be increased from £9lO to £2,136 so as to was not the fault of the Corporation that the agree with the valuation list. widening of 'Bridge-street had not been completed, SHOCKING DEATH OF A WIDNES WOMAN. for they had so many lawyers and others to deal with. With regard to Wilderspool crossings, they Mrs. Rose Ann Byrne, a married woman, residing at bad done their best with the railway company,but to do 18, Brown-street, Moss Bank, Widnes, was found a dead away with the crossings would cost the Corporation anywhere from £30,000 to £50,000. He had been fight- on the parapet outside her house by a workman mune Twist shortly before six o'clock on Sunday morning. ine for the Warrington Bridge improvement almost Deceased had always been a strong, healthy woman, / night- and day for three years, but the Corporation had rather eccentric, and usually addicted to drink. At had great obstacles to contend with in the shape of the her half-past nine on Saturday evening her husband saw opposition of the River Commissioners and property near the Golden Bowl Inn, taking home his supperbeer . owners. He had hopes, however, that satisfactory They went home together, and had supper of bacon, plans had now been prepared and that at the next potatoes, and beer. The woman retired to bed after her Counail meeting they would have a good decision on husband. A lodger and her husband heard nothing the matter. (Applause). until after the police and some neighbours had entered the house after bursting open the door, and he then "THE VISITORS." . saw his wife dead. Three years ago she attempted Mr. E. PICKA.VANCE proposed this toast and alluded suicide by jumping out of the bedroom window ...Me to some of the more prominent visitors. The Mayor, HUSBAND'S ARREST. he said, had the confidence of everyone in Warrington, for he had done good work , and poured oil on the At Widnes on Wednesday Mr. F. A. Jones, coroner, troubled waters. Then, with! regard to the Borough held an inquest relative to the death of Mrs. Byrne. Member a more genuine and honest sportsman than Mr. The Coroner, addressing the jury, said the circum- Crosfield never entered the House of Commons. He stances showed that the woman had droppTcl out of the had never won the N.C.U. championship—(laughter)— the window, but certain information now in the posses- but he had done great things at golf and had given sion of the police justified the arrest of her husband on every encouragement to bowls, his services being so the charge of causing her death. In order to make it highly appreciated that he had been elected President necessary for the police to pursue their inquiries, he of the Lancashire Bowling Association. He was in would only take sufficient evidence of identification, every respect a worthy gentleman and they hoped that and then adjourn the inquiry. he would give careful consideration to any Bills for the Byrne, who is a fine, big fellow, was brought up from better rights and privileges of cyclists. Mr. Pierpoint's him' if he understood his the cells. The Coroner asked. . .. s genial face was ever welcome at their gatherings and position, and he nodded his head, indicating that he did. although the battle went against him at the last elec- The inquiry was then adjourned until next Tuesday tion he held a warm place in the hearts of thousands of morning at I 0.30• • Warrington people. (Applause). POLICE COURT PROCEEDINGS. Before Mr. Shirley Timmis at the police court, John Councillor W. B. ROBERTS responded. He agreed : that Warrington Bridge was a disgrace and danger to the Byrne was brought up on suspicion of causing his wife's tows and he would strongly support the scheme for the death. 1 construction of a new bridge. Superintendent Strickland said that prisoner was Mr. R.PIERPOINT also responded and said that when he 1 charged on suspicion with causing his wife's death b tyre 10.30 on Satin-do evening and six o'clock on had the honour of holding a very responsible position e el; . 3' . e •.: Li on behalf of the town he tried to make himself a good Sunday morning. Prisoner aria his wire wep see friend to all Warrington people, irrespective of party. going home about 10.30, and after they had got into the Mr. Pierpoint concluded with some amusing house the neighbours heard quarrelling upstairs and ' Parliamentary reminisoenees. downstairs for a lengthy period, extending until 1-30 on # Sunday morning. At six o'elock a man named Twigg OTHER TOASTS, whilst returning from work, saw the body of a woman The toast "Old Members" was proposed by 11,7 r. lying on the footwalk in front of her home. An alarm JAMES HOUGHTON, JUN., and responded to by Jr. J. was rained, and after repeated knocking at the door, not W. BOUCHIER. being able to get an answer from within, the door was The health of the President was drunk on the proposi- burst open. Upon awakening the husband he made the tion of Mr. W. C. LirroN, and Mr. NAYLOR briefly remark that his wife muse have leaped through the replied. window. He remembered his wife undressing herself, During the evening a cho,ce musical programme was but did not know when she got into bed. Twigg went submitted. Mr. J. Rabbitt was in excellent voice for the doctor, who on arrival pronounced life extinct. and delighted the company with "Maid of Prisoner was remanded in custody until Tuesday next Athens" and "Dear Heart" which he gave with STARTLING DISCOVERY. great feeling. Mr. J. W. Bibby sang "Three for Jack" Remarkable developments have taken place in con- and " Asleep in the deep "in his usual highly acceptable nection with the death of Mrs. Byrne. Close investiga- style and Mr. J. B. Poole was heard to advantage in tion on the part of the police who are conducting the "King of the Mist" and "The Windmill." Mr. J. inquiry, revealed the fact that the front room window Macderinott created great merriment with the humorous directly above where the body of Mrs. Byrne was songs" A song without a name" and " The Christmas found, clad only in a nightdress, was open about 18 Cigar." Mr. W. Pearce was an able accompanist. inches. Against the window in the room was a heavy box, much higher than the window lesi.ge, on which was , a cloth cover. It is a significant fact that this cover was in no way disturbed although the woman' who is very corpulent, is said to have got through. It is thought that her stoutness would hardly permit her getting through such an opening. There was remarkably little blood on the pavement where the deceased woman lase It is also salted that when -Dr. Eustaco arrived upon the scene and examined the woman's injuries, he said that they were such as would not have been caused by a fall.

A further sensation was caused on Wednesday. .tt eight o'clock in the morning the police commenced dragging operations in a pit in a field at the back of the house. It is 25 yards long, and about 15 yards wide, very deep, and covered with a thick green slime. Two hour's search revealed a man's shirt. On Sunday morning prisoner (Byrne) went to the house of a Mrs. M`Donald, and asked for the loan of a shirt. She gave him one, and this he was wearing at the time he stood in the dock on Monday at the police court.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

MR. SEDDON, M.P. ON SII3P ASSISTANTS' GRIEVASCES.

Speaking at a shop assistants' demonstration at Liver- pool on Sunday, Mr. J. A. Seddon, M.P. appealed to parents to be less ready in sending their boys and girls to work in shops. Living-in was a survival of a bygone age and had become debased. To-day it represented not moral guardianship, as of old, but racial suicide. He held in his band a book of shop rules which embraced seventy-six fines. No one less than an angel from Heaven could live half an hour without incur-ring one of these penalties. Turning to legislation, he hoped next session to see an amendment to the Truck Acts, so that all shop assistants would be paid in the current coin. It was also proposed to reduce shop hours to sixty per weak, instead of the present hours which ran up to 100. The co-operative stores worked 52 hours, and shops in the colonies 53 hours. Frades unionists had relieved 8,000 managers of radius agreements, and he was resolved that such agreements should be abolished. Parliament —like Heaven—helped those who helped themselves.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON URBAN COUNCIL.

Mr. T. Ormand presided at the monthly meeting of this Council which was held at the Earlestown Town Hall on Monday evening. There were also present : Messrs. C. B. F. Borron, E. T. Evans, W. Thompson, F. Harwood, M. Seton, A. Tunstall, T. Ritchie, L. E. Pilkington J. Naylor, C. Colo (clerk), and J. Bowes (survsyor.)—At a meeting of the Sanitary Com- mittee, Dr. Harold E. Watkins, medical officer of health, presented his quarterly report, in which he stated that 131 births and 35 deaths were reels- tered. The birth-rate was equal to 27.2 per 1,000 against 27.03 for the last quarter. The death. rate was 7.12 per 1,000 against 10.98 for the last ' quarter. The public health during the quarter bad been very good indeed. The death-rate, 7.12 per 1,000, was the lowest he ever remembered in the township. The birth-rate, 27•2, was very slightly higher than that of last quarter, but was still low for a district such as that. There had boon rather more notifications of infections disease received, but not many. No disease had occurred in epidemic form. What diseases had occurred had not been of a very severe form, as no death had taken place in the township of an infectious disease itself.—The minutes were confirmed.—At a meeting of the same committee, it was reported that with regard to the complaints of the pollution of Newton Mere the Haydock Urban District Council had commenced the construction of sewage disposal i works to deal with the sewage in the easterly I part of their district which when completed would prevent the pollution complained of I from Haydock. The =lutes were approved.-. I At a meeting of the Higher Educeition and Technical, I Instruction Committee, held on October 21st, letter was read " from the Local Government Board, ' stating that they had been unable to Idea with the ; Council's application for sanction to the borrowing of a sum of £ll,OOO for the purpose of erecting a new technical school, in consequence of a difficulty arising from the fact that the annual charges in respect of the proposed loan would exceed the produce of a penny rate in the district : that the Board were advised that they could not sanction a loan for higher educa- tion where they knew that the resources of the District Council. under the proviso to Sect. 3 of the Education Act, 1902, would be insufficient to meet the loan charges, and it appeared to them that the arrangement proposed

with the County Council would not meet the difficulty, but that Sect. 4 of the Education (Administrative Provi- sions) Act, 1907, however, now dealt with the matter; also that it would apparently be necessary that amend- ments in the existing agreement with the Colinty Council should be made, so that a new agreement should be entered into, and the District Coincil should communicate with the County Council on the subject.— The minutes were approved.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
T. HELENS.

srAcs FIRE AT RAINFORD.

A somewhat serious lire occurred o'n Sunday afternoon in the stickyard of Ar. Jo3eph Appleton's faun, Moss- lane. Red Ca, R tinford. ['ha farm, which is owned by Lord Derby, is of considor Cole extent. A large stack of unthrashed oats which stood in the centre of the stackyard surrounded by live other stacks, and also a Dutch barn, which contained about 100 tons of unthrashed oats, was seen to be on fire hy a woman living in a cottage near. Mr. Appleton was away from home, but assistance was obtained from Rainford, and the St. Helens Fire Brigade was sent for. The firemen, under the charge of Superintendent Lyon, managed to confine the outbreak to the one stack, but a large hay- rick was also somewhat damaged. The damage, which estia ste! at al) ,ut Zi9, is c )var,3l by ins.traii:9. ST. HELENS ELECTIONS. DEFEATED CANDIDATE'S THREAT.

The municipal elections at St. Helens went off very quietly. Mr. M'Cormich, the defeated Labour candidate in Central Ward, complains very bitter of the literature sent out against him by the Opposition. Mr. Morris Darley, who got only three votes in the South Windle Ward, declared on Saturday that he was about to take proceedings against - two townsmen, and he also threatened to have the election declared void on the charge of bribery and corruption. In his address to the electors after the poll, he said he had proved -it. Helens was not ungodly and unholy. "We are better off," he added," than Sodom and Gomorrah. There are three straight, square chaps who voted for Old Tom.'" ST. HELENS MAYORALTY.

An informal meeting of the St. Helens Town Council was held on Thursday afternoon to deal with the question of the mayoralty, when a requisition was presented to Alderman H. Martin, J.P., asking him to take the office of mayor. Mr. Martin has already served in the office four years, in 1894 and 1895 and in 1904 and 1905. He has been a member of the Council since 1888, and has done yeoman service on the principal committees of the Council. Colonel R. Pilkington and the late Sir David Gamble are the only other members of the Council who have been mayor during four years, and by again accepting the position Alder- man Martin has set up a local record. The Mayor Alderman C, J. Bishop, in presenting the requisition, said that although it had been got up very hurriedly the requisition had been signed by a large number of members of the Council. Mr. Martin had fulfilled the duties of the office during several years with so much satisfaction to the Council and the townspeople that they felt every confidence in asking him to relieve them from the difficulty they were in, about the mayoralty. The members of the Council would be deeply indebted to him if he would again consent to be Mayor.—Alderman Martin said he felt highly honoured by the request to again become Mayor. Under all the circumstances, he felt it right to accede to the request. He loved the work of the municipality, and had taken a very deep interest in all that pertained to the well-being of the town. His one desire had been to serve his fellow-townsmen to the best of his ability, and if it was the wish of the Council that be should again occupy the position of mayor he would be very happy to place his services at their disposal. (Applause.) Alderman iVfassey,who was supported by Sir Christopher Gamble, Alderman W. W. Pilkington, Alderman R. Pilkington, and other members, expressed the satis- faction of the Council that Alderman Martin should have responded to a sense of duty and have accepted the office. He set an example to many others in the Council by his desirs to render all the service he could and his efforts to promote , the best interests of the town.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ORIENTAL QUESTION. ' • Letter From a Warrington tan in British Columbia.

Wo have received the following letter from Mr. J. C. Beswick, formerly of Warrington, and brother of Mr. W. R. Beswick, 47, Bewsey-street : Y.n.c.A., Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. October 10th, 1907. Sir,—l write with the earnest request for these lines to be given space in your paper, on that trying problem, which is the worry and menace of our Western Province British Columbia, viz., Asiatic immigration. My appeal therefore, is to every right-thinking Britisher. First, here is a rich, beautiful province, and I might safely say, the richest in the whole of his Majesty's Empire, and how beautiful, one cannot realise without having seen. Yet how indifferent is our Government to the appeal of the populace out here for a fairer treatment in the adjustment of this appalling flood of Orientals. Think of it, you who sit at home. Perhaps one of your sons is here, trying with all honest purpose to make a way for himself in life, when on arriving here, he finds that out of a population of some 70,000, ten thousand are Orientals. It looks to me as if all pride were lost in the Anglo-Saxon race, the mingling of which is dis- gusting to think of. But to get back to the point. Before he starts from the homelaud,our hopeful fellow- Britisher has had all the bright glow of a "Golder. West" well depicted to him, for this is all planned by the cunning agent of the largo shipping and railway monopoly, which has only in view its own interests (and those pretty large) for it must be remembered that the rates to come out here are cut, but when our hopeful brother gets here he finds its another thing to get out, and further he finds that he has not been informed of the competition in labour put against him by the unfair permitting of cheap Asiatic labour, which teems in at the back door of the dominion. Think of it, friends, the picture it would make for you, could you see 900 Hindoos streaming down the central thorough- fare of your town, as they did only to-day in our city, and it ninst be remembered that this is only one batch in the last month or so, for the Japs are continually pourieg in awl here's my fellow-Britisher who has to look on and behold with a heavy heart what he has to compete against. Many I have spoken to, myself, who have honestly tried their best to get a position, but weary and footsore from tramping around, are about giving in, when someone whispers to them" Why don't you try the sawmills ; take anything for a start." Away I they start and reach the said mills only to see peeping over their saw benches and machines rows of brown faces, and they wonder whether they are in Tokio or Hong Kong. Now I'm speaking from experience, having seen this for myself. I'm a Lancashire man, but it makes my blood boil to see the preference shown to these Orientals, over those of our own race. Is it fair play to we who have to work for our livelihood ? And it's only natural that we wish the splendid develop- ment of this splendid province to be carried on by white labour. It's absolutely impossible for a Britisher with any pride or self-resTiect to try and live decently on the pay an Oriental receives. Here's another thing. If I am not mistaken, the report last year was that 65 per cent of the industries of this province was lumbering, and yet because a white man kicks - agajnst the resources of oar province being turned into wages by too large a proportion of pigtails, Scc., he's told he wants too much.

Now, sir, it's pretty hard when you find yourself up against this work problem and know that you must work to ear,. And everybody cannot work in the cities —what few there are out West now, Air. Editor. I feel that little as I know of administration I ought to speak. An Act, which I understand would help us a little, was placed before the Lieutenant Governor here some two or three years ago. He absolutely refuses to sign. I plead with all true Britishers to give this their careful attention, and may we soon see this wealthy province held for those who may, in future, leave the old shores for a new home, for it's a beautiful land. I love the dear old soil, but ruy heart's wrapped up in our lovely province and it is worthy of guarding with a jealous eye.—Yours truly, _

(gigned) J. C. BESWICK.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
HUMBER IMPROVEMENTS FOR 1908.

We naturally look to the great Humber firm, the largest motor manufacturing house in the kingdom, for considerable improvements, but the 1908 models to he displayed at Stand 165, Olympia, on Monday next, will more than realize expectations,even though the Humber cars have already attained such a pinnacle of excellence that, to the ordinary motorist, the directions for improvement are very far from apparent. The car 'which has carried off the chief honours of the year. 'winning gold medals in every one of the international reliability trials, winning the International heavy car race of the Royal Antomobile Club, one of the only two cars to finish in the tourist trophy contest, to say nothing of many other splendid performances in open competition, can fairly claim to have led the van of motor improvement in 1907, and obviously, Humber, Limited, are preparing to maintain their proud position unassailable. In many respects the Humber display at Olympia will be remarkable. Six models will be shown in all.

The man who .whispers down a well, About the goods he has to sell, Won't reap the gleaming golden dollars Like he who climbs a tree and hollers. The man who lets a cough alone To wear him down to skin and bone, Won't be in health so sound and sure As he ‘sho:takes Woods'P eppermint Cure.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGE AT THELWALL

Williamson —Bleckly.

All Saints' Church, Thelwall, was the/scene nf an exceedingly pretty wedding on Tuesday afternoon,when Miss Helen Maud Bleckly, only daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Bleckly, Thelwall Lea, was married to Mr. George I Royds Williamson, third son of the Rev. T. Pym and Mrs. Williamson, Thelwall Vicarage. The bride and bridegroom are both well known and highly esteemed in the district and a large congregation assembled to witness the ceremony. The chancel of the church was beautifully decorated. with white chrysanthemums and foliage plants. The service was choral,the choir being in attendance and leading the singing of the hymns "How welcome was the call," and 0 perfect love, all human thought transcending." The officiating clergy were the Rev. T. Pyro Williamson, father of the bridegronm, and the Rev. Wilfrid J. Stanton. Mr. W. B. Cook presided at the organ, and while the guests wore assembling and at the close of the service played the following choice selections : "March in E Flat" (Lefebure-Wely) ; "Triumphal March " (Sainton-Dolby) ; "The Golden Trumpets" (Fowles) ; " Farfait Armour" (Hime) ; " Offertoire in F " (Lefebure-Wely) ; "Marche Jubilante " (Cooper) ; " Angelic Voices ' (Batiste) ; "Meditation in E" (Steane) ; " Elsa's Bridal Song " from " Lohengrin," Mendelssohn's Wedding March; the "Triumphal March " from "Naaman "(Costa); and the "Trumpet March " (Jude). The bride, who was given by her father, was beautifully attired in white satin trimmed with Carrickmacross lace, a veil of embro:dered Brussels net, and sliver slippers. Her bouquet consisted of a sheaf of lilium harrissi, tied with silver ribbon, the gift of the bridegroom. There wete four bridesmaids—Miss Hilda de Angelis and Miss E. Bleckly (cousins of the bride), Miss J. Cattley (cousin of the bridegroom), and Miss Edmondson They wore very pretty dresses of pastel blue face cloth, trimmed with Guipure lace and brown silk, and brown hats trimmed with feathers. They carried posey bouquets of shaded brown chrysanthemums, tied with brown ribbon, and these together with Carrickmacross lace handkerchiefs, were the gifts of the bridegroom. Master lan Jones-Parry (nephew and godson of the bridegoom), who wore a dainty man-of-war suit, with a gold pin given to him by the bridegroom, was in attendance as page. Mr. F. H, Williamson (brother of the bridegroom) discharged the duties of best man.

After the ceremony a reception was held at Thelwall Lea, over 250 guests attending. Later the bride and bridegroom, after receiving the hearty congratulations and good wishes of their friends, left for their honey- moon tour. The bride travelled in a dress of Hussar blue face cloth trimmed with astrachan, the vest being braided with gold. She also wore an astrachan stole, the gift of the bridegrocm.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
LIST OF PRESENTS.

Bridegroom to bride, astrachan stole and fitted dressing- case Bride to-bridegroom, travelling trunk and gold watch chain Bride's father to bride and bridegroom, piano, ward- robe, jewelled belt, lantern bracket clock, small clock, antique mahogany desk, seltzogene, two enlarged framed panoram photographs. Bride's mother, house linen, Bcc., diamord and emerald

rings Bridegroom's mother and father, cheque Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Rylands, Turkey carpet Mrs. Moberley, Maltese lace d'oyleys Mr. and Mrs. Kirkonnell, Minton teacups and saucers Mrs. H. J. Mason, antique Chippendale display cabinet Mr. H. J. Mason, cheque Mrs. Mason, cheque Dr. and Mrs. NV. Crosby Johnson, cheque Mr. and Mrs. G. F. Royds, tea service Dr. and Mrs. T. M. Johnson, table silver Miss Hilda De Angelis, silver entree dish Miss R. Peckitt, silver cream jug Mrs. Lloyd, cheque , Captain Wright, table glass Mr. Robert Lewis, copper kettle • Mrs. T. Pickin, table centre Mr. and Mrs. Earvvaker, ivory and silver salad spoons and antique tobacco box Mrs. W. L. Huchinson, pair " Merrythought " silver sugar tongs Mr. and Mrs. T. K. Rylands, antique toilet mirror Mrs. F. B. Cattley, eiderdown quilt Mr. and Mrs. John Edmondson, silver lamp Miss Johnson, Easingwold, eiderdown quilt, oak hall brushes and cheque Admiral Jones Parry, hand-painted handkerchief, glove case, and pincushion Mrs. Newmarch, oak corner cupboard Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Lloyds, Sheraton barometer Mr. and Mrs. P. J. Frith, antique silver sugar sifter Mr. J. J. Blackly, cheque Miss .Milner, Lymrn, Sheraton clock Miss L. Peckitt, Oriental teapot Mr. and Mrs. E. G. Medley, egg boiler Mrs. Peter Rylands fish carvers Miss G. Rylands St Rylands, E. W. Reynoldß, silver toast rack Miss Morris. silver cream jug Miss Harrismith, four bedroom towels Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Makin, antique silver saltcellars Mr. and Ars.Cattley, silver soup ladle Messrs. G. L. F. and L. Holden, antique crystal goblets Miss Richards, china clack Mrs. Pickmsre, pair of silver toast racks Rev. H. NV. Trower, cheque Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Seeker, silver mustard pot Mr. and Mrs. Holbrook Gaskell, nut crackers Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Richards, silver toast rack Mr. and Mrs. P. A. Frost, rose bowl Mrs. De Angelis, Doulton toilet set Mr. and the Misses Jevons, four silver salt cellars Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Bleckly, case of table cutlery Mr. and Mrs. Holden, three antique crystal decanters and water jug Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Cooper and family, case of silver cruets a Mr. and Mrs. T. Pym Williamson, white skin rug Miss Andrews, silver serviette rings Miss Okell, lace handkerchief Miss J. Cattley, embroidered cushion cover and silver seal Mr. and Mrs. Shepherd-Cross, silver inkstand Dr. and Mrs. Burrows, Doulton vase Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Whiteley, silver teaspoons and sugar tongs Cook at Thelwall Lea.celery glass and sardine holder Mr. and Mrs. J. Bleakly, jun.' silver inkstand NIL-. and Mrs. Watkin, silver bon-bon baskets Mr. and Miss Cookson, Sheraton clock Mrs. Eckersley, pair of antique candlesticks Gardener and his wife at Thelwall Vicarage, pair of brackets Miss Rylands, revolving dish Miss B. Rylands, silver pen tray Mr. Beck, silver cake dish Workmen ar.d dealers at Tanner's-lane Coal Wharf,gong Mr. and Mrs. Wilson Rooke, silver fruit spoons Mrs. Davies, length of crachet Mr. and Mrs. C. Schen, Doulton tea service Housemaid at Thelwall Lea, crumb brush and tray Mrs. Carruthers Johnstone, opalescent rose bowl Mrs. and Miss Love, mahogany display cabinet Mr. and Mrs. Shipman, three Chamberlain Worcester plates Mr. W. Whiteley, breakfast dish Mr. and Mrs. Henry Greenall, silver muffineer Mr. and Mrs. 11. Johnson Houghton, case of four silver yams Mr. and Mrs. Jerrara Pratt, old Sheffield plate coasters Rev2H. V. and Mrs. Pigot, silver-mounted muffineer Amy and Clara Hayes, Wedgwood biscuit barrel Mr. and Mrs. Percy Mortimer, antique Chippendale mirror Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Clarke, Minton dish Miss Edmondson, carved oak mirror Mr. T. Meredith, oak chest Mrs. A. Webb, pair of glass and silver vases Dr. and Mrs. Reginald Smith, six liquor glasses and decanter Mr. and Mrs. John Reynolds, afternoon teastand Mr. and Mrs. John Coxon, inlaid mahogany folding table Mr. and Mrs. John White. three-tiered rosewood stand Mrs Hayes, Belleck dish Mr.lllayes, toasting fork and hammer "Some Warrington friends," silver-backed hair brushes Mr. and Mrs. J. S. R. Robertson, silver-mounted water jug Miss Edith A. Blackly, Minton coffee cups Mr. J. S. Harmood Banner, silver salver Mr. John Dun pair of decanters Rev. and Mrs:Carleton, muffin dish Mr. C. H. Darley, silver muffinrer Mr. and Mrs. Smith (Lymm Hall), pair silver flower vases Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Jones Parry, white wool hand- made hearth rug Mr. T. W. Makin, Carrickmacross lace handkerchief Mrs. Wynne-Jones. china plant pot Mrs. Stanton, cheque Rev. NV. J. Stanton, cheque Mrs. Napier, siiver penknife Mr. T. Ridgway, pair silver vases Mr. and Mrs. Cyril Gough, p3ir silver pepperette3 Mr. and Mrs. C. J. IMilser, case of nutcrackers The Misses Miller, grape scissors Mrs. Petler, table centre Miss Ella Johnson, set of china jugs Mr. and Mrs. Fairclongh, Venetian glass vase Maids at Thelwall Vicarage, silver inkstand and

_ penwiper Mrs. Ridgway, jewelled and enamelled buckle Mr. A. S. Bleckly, cheque Mr. and Mrs. Elaxby Robinson, revolving bacon dish Mr. and Mrs. Densham, set of five copper water cans Mr. and Mrs. Behrens, silver gilt dish and spoon Mr. J. M. Gledhill, pair silver vases Gardeners at Thelwall Lea, salad bowl and servers Mrs. Stanton, silver letter scales

Mr. and Mrs. Parr, book stand Mr. G. P. Mason, fruit dish with sugar basin and cream jug Mr. and Mrs. Paul Rylands, salad bowl Mrs. Fox Bourne, silver cream jug Rev. Mrs. and Miss Lee-Jones, travelling clock Edith Howard, silver jam spoon Annie Hankey, silver butter-knife Captain F. M. and Miss Appleton silver muffin dish Mr. Ernest and the Misses Woods', cut glass and silver flower stand Mr. and Mrs. g. H. Crossley, cut glass and silver rose bowl Mr. and Mrs. Brabazon, silver tea caddy Mr, and Mrs. Herbert Woods, silver cake knife Sister Mary Christina, embroidered handkerchief case Mrs. Broadbent, Teneriffe-work table cloth Mr. and Mrs. Reginald Wilde, antique engraved glass goblets Mr. and Mrs. W. Tinslsy, embroidered table cloth Mr. and Mrs. Fred Gore, inlaid mahogany tea tray ' Colonel and Mrs. Edelsten, six Coalport tea cups Mr. J. Lister, junior, knife resters Two of the maids at Oldfield, cut-glass water jug Martha Massey, pudding dish and lightning mincer Mr. and Mrs. truest Atkin, antique blue china Mrs. J. J. and Miss Bleckly, silver liqueur glasses Miss Sylvia Broadbent, embroidered linen box cover Miss M. E. Broadbent, pearl and garnet brooch Mrs. and Miss Dawson, picture Mr. C. A. Bleckly, pair of silver vases Miss Redfield, silver bon-bon dish Miss Ada de Angelis, six silver tea forks Mrs. Ernest H. Stitt, Shakespsare's works Mr. and Mrs. Long, gate legged oak table Mr. and Mrs, Finlay Dun, bronze plant pot Mr. A. N. Duncan, tea tray Mr. H. B. Melville, brass kettle and stand Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Field, three framed old prints - Messrs. R. Roberts and Son, black and brown boot polishing outfits Chauffeur at Thelvrall Lea, silver inkstand, pen and ralakZ Mr. and Mrs. James Taylor, two Madeira-work table-:. cloths Miss Neary, two silver sugar spoons Mr. and Mrs, Bournpbrey, case of silver tea spoons Mr. and Mrs. Paddison, copper tray The Misses Edgar, morning tea set Mr. and Mrs. Fred Smith, George Eliot's " works Mr. and the Misses Brough, Sheffield-plate rose bowl, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Stanton, cheque Dr. Langdale, silver calendar Major and Mrs. Edridge, silver travelling clock Margaret Bowers, brass mirror Mrs. Frank Jones, silver plant pot Mr. and Mrs: Hatton, bronze plant pot Miss Massy, Venetian glass vase Mr. L. G. Davies, silver salver Mrs. and Miss Welham, two brass water cans Miss Gwendoline Pratt, pin cushion Mr. and the Misses Grundy, silver salad servers Miss Gladys Hamilton, silver photo frame Mrs. Maberley and Miss J. Cattlev, antique Spode jar Mr. and Miss Naylor, pair of Bheffield-plate candle— sticks Miss Marjorie Reynolds, embroidered tablecloth Mrs. Willan, tea tray Maids at Dingle Bank, Grainger and Mrs. Weeks, case - of carvers and steel Major and Mrs. Simpson, folding photo-screen Mr. and Mrs. Vere Davies, travelling clock Mr. and Mrs. Hindley, ranffineer, silver bread fork and pickle fork Mr. Harry Sleekly, book stand Mr. Hugh Gough, salad bowl Mr., Mrs, and the Misses Callender, silver boa-boa disk Mr. William Robertson, silver salver Mrs. W. J. Bleckly, diamond ring Masters T. and R. Bleckly, bread board Mr and Mrs. W. J. Bleckly, silver tea-pot Mr. H. P. Bleckley, antique crystal jug Mrs. Davies, silver thimbles Mrs. Norris, silver-mounted tea raY. Messrs. William Robertson, Ltd., silver salver

'

===== 0002601_19071109_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
__,.____ ROYAL COURT THEATRE. " Sweet Nancy."

There has been a capital attraction for habiturs of the Royal Court Theatre this week, and as a conse- quence large " houses "have been the order. The War- rington public always appreciates a good thing,and Mist Annie Hughes and her company in "Sweet Nancy,, have been accorded a warm welcome. "Sweet Nancy is a comedy in three acts by Robert Buchanan and a better thing of its kind we have not seen. It abounds in fun and high-class humour, while the pathetic side is introduced with an appropriateness which enhances the quality of the comedy. The story is quite a simPle one. Sweet Nancy, the second daughter of Mr. Grill, is wooed and won at the age of nineteen by General Sir Roger Tempest, a college fellow of her father's - The scene changes.to -Tempest Manor, where nothing very remarkable occurs. Yet the interest is alwaYS keenly maintained. True, there is a mischief-making grass-widow, a foolish boy, and a young man who makes love to Nancy while her husband is away at the South African war. Nancy is wholly innocent and imagines that Musgrave is attracted by her sister Barbara All ends well eventually except for poor Barbara,whose affections have been trifled with, but who shows a fine heroism and spirit of self-sacrifice in the last act. Miss Annie Hughes is a very pretty and accomplishe4 actress, and her interpretation of the title role cou i ld not be improved upon. She is artless, artful, tender, and dignified by turns and presents a fascinating studY. The Grey family, Algernon' Bobby, Barbara, Nancy, Teresa, and Jane are capital fun together. A more real, human, and natural English family we never met- Mischisf and merriment seem to be their watchwoids, and even a tyrant of a father fails to suLdue their exuberance. Mr. Rupert Lister makes 9 very manly and soldierly Sir Roger Tempest, while Miss Mabel Trevor presents a finished pourtrayal of the grass widow, Mrs. Huntley. . A special word of praise should also be said of the east pleasant acting of Miss Vera Pole as Barbara, while the boys (Nle,ssrs. H. Douglas Greet, and Alia Chumley) are typically English and lad-like. It is really difficult to differentiate in so strong a company, the oast of which is : General Sir Roger Tempest Mr, Rupert Lister Frank Musgrave, Sir Roger's iVard...Mr. Charles lisdas 'Nicholas O'Shea, Sir Roger's Servant Mr. geginald F. Beach Mr. Grey, an old College Fellow of Sir Roger's Mr. Evelyn Vernoe• Algernon 1 Mr. Gray's) Mr. H. Douglas Great Bobby f Sons f lr. Alick Chumiey Mrs. Grey, Mr. Grey's wife Miss Mary Duggan Barbara Grey Miss Vera Pole Nancy Grey, Sweet Nancy Miss Annie Hughes , Teresa Grey„ Tow Tow Miss Dorothy 51ackerizie Jane Grey, the Brat ' Miss May Collier Mrs. Huntley, a Grass Widow... Miss Mabel Trevor Alice Burton, Parlourmaid at Tempest Mannor Miss Kate Mile Each evening the comedy has been preceded bY dramatic curtain raiser entitled "After many years' from the pen of Miss Hughes herself. It is smartly written and just as smartly acted by Mr. Rupert Lister as Phillip Carruthers, a blackmailer ' • Mr. Charles Esdale as Bill Burke, a burglar; Miss Mabel Trevor Mrs. Vivian, a Society lady; and Miss Vera Pole as Eliza Dent, Mrs. Vivian's maid.

NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME. Next week Mr. T. Edward Ward's Company will'. appear in the romantic. drama "Second to None: story of the Royal Scots Grays" by Walter Howard. As most of our readers will know, Mr. Howard is a.verJ successful plavwrieht, two of his dramas "Her against the World" and "The midnight Wedding , having run very successfully at the Lyceum. " Senol3`._ to None" is his latest play and has airmdy proved highly popular. The company which will present it tit the RoyaliCourt Theatre, Warrington' is a strong one; _ Miss Ward, who will take the part of "Nell Gre3stone is a well known actress, having sustained the leading roles in "Her wedding day" and" Man and wife." ' Jerrold Heather, who will appear as "Harry NVilding,_ is also a favourite, one of his principal impersonatioos being that o_f Cromwell iu "Fr the King."

Theft of Meat. Michael Hagan, of no settled ab-:de, was chargea at the Borough Court on Monday, with stealing 31.ilb' of beef, valued at 23. Cal., from the shop of Mary 11___asen 142 Mersey-street, on Saturday night. He pleade,c;.l guilty.—The Chief Constable said prosecutrix missed. the meat, and informed the police.— P.C. Sweenei , made inquiries and went to 1, Smith-street, wheie he. ' found the meat under a pillow.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for one month with hard labour.

c Warrington.—Printed and published by jowl Vir.T.,AL—ks. & Co., at The Examiner General Printing 17°.,if Bewsey-street, and published by them at ale place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Viotoria-re Markel WIDNxs : 32, George-street, ST. figilays: 3, Nov, trot EARLESToWN; Church-street RI7NCOVI - 1

9th, 1907.

===== 0002601_19071109_art0148.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
" •

===== 0002601_19071109_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
nT cITFT W7ST,IkN7 nqURCH. TO-MnPpnw (9mcn Avl icovua,TlET 10Tfr, 1917. Ntn,ronc., in 70. pe,. *m04419 VilL . Fwrirp, 6 7(). 9I11•11v? PTTT. - ATwplr.,,mn. Hymn Pon,P nr4cTrio.l.

luwiv 97141qLRY AN CHURCT-T. wATVßTlvfzrrnw. TC-70TZPOW (qr-crAT). NOVPIYII-01R Itll, 1907. Morning 1".70. PPP CT nNTCY PITT. PvPiVni7 P. 30. Ti'Pr. TT-111NTAS viTT.LItn. Alt we,nomr. TiNtnn Books pro,,lrlei.

PTIST Ff TT T: fl TT. LATORFORP. To.vfnpßow (sTINTI AY) TVONTRNIRRR 10113,1907. wrorninzl,.7n Soor (Iry-4.a." Prey-Arm henpe four qtrrieß," Pre,oner 7nfril FRATICITS %T.5.T171-ITiMS. OPFiIIiTORTI39.

INTVCILIFF7, effilPflTT, TAP,'WSFY STrUF V,7 AnipiTIGT(IN. Te()Fpnw c-uNDAy,. TimvirwrrPß IC7g, 197. ArR pia% J YON(II,4'. 10.1 r AND 'VTq,IIT7eT "TPP MITT vrvsp criMMANtiM RN-TV—Env • of 13,)' Tiwp TTSIT L OFFIZTITORIRF. p T p r..'., W PRI NOTOV. SlT'zi)Ay. rlnVi4 TPRTZ lOriT, 197. nPrN ArzlrTTN't4 AT P.lkr. • CHATPmA7siTB. fInTivCIT I.OR PAU:. M.. rR.INtr tnTrn. f)v, CNC:MT:STEP. A.TYT/Rn T.TeTII, tr.?. !TA onT,T,rnTTON Win P.q.A FTTNDS'.

Tqr (MUM-11 nnT,RnRNI TP RFT. (V••,-,AT) WriVVVlrPtrl7 101-8, 1907. 11vIlt,1 OT-'qq avmivizuqueir. 74, oflnurT, n 1 nu"vrt.v. •;‘,1".."",70. TT P vrT Th vqop nf rctin." ST-8:1".(IT " nip f 113," POT nq Tly ,clql TuknwsPq Avn IV'. ‘ATT,Un‘r, p'rn j TIR APTIVII4OnNT .nTrATIIAT4rVnn—TrITT,T fr 2 T,,TUR RT,T,Tgov, I P. Ltq wonorn, AtissT. FAIRHURST, T-Tr'rl:fßß n^d N. oqllol/NR. ntr.v.r,rmv. AT ATTI nV FTJr. wvT)VRAnsv rtv,NTVG TIVNT, th,l TOW PT/ANfITS -+TATT,TRWq. elmm.nes A SRRIII9 OF LRCTURRS nu the Vr,olP Trlv, O'ctncA.

Rum A,TTP.T, 1101,T) STRART, wAI/t4TINTGTON. TIfR ANTZTTAT, gar,l,lOF WORK. WILL Tn Ty OnftWITT INSTITITTR. NNUTPFYWO OF xv virN7R,ln AY, 'TIMM:DV?, PPID IggXT. TRTIVIZNIBP:R I.3TTT, 14ITTr, AV'T IFTI7, 19-7. TLe Sl ''ilT or,Pnpfl on-WVIDNIIRMAY at 3p.m , by Mnc. TMITIIR OF Pv.vITIT TRURSDAY, at 3 n.m..enian PR TDAY, at 6.30 p.m ,by nrV, F. VADM-TATST. A r uml,er Psefol and Ornamental Articles will he offerei " Pranpnwp " mosical items ami other attract-tow. yir.t nar. Fri.; Second Pay 63, till 6 p.m R`ter 6 3rl. ; Thir(i Day 3rl ;Children la. RrrY ontrurr ^' FIE ATRIII, wAI7II 1 NTOTOg. M n nAY 17NXI'..TMV. lliqr AND DtrRiNG TETE WY,FR. MR. T. EDWARD WARD'S COMPANY I.TTq W A.R fl. as "lell Preratonc " and TCRPOLn 1.1.RAT,411T1 RO " Harry 171ildtm; " in the new "d Romantic "SECOND TO NONE." ,t,eto-r nr,ra by Wit, 1-Towari. .."se and prince, R. rumal. Reats bookei. at the Theatre 11 to I (daily and from R RTNn."O\l" I'noTT3 kt, eT,T7 R.—A -- PlrQTTTeirrinNT to el RPITOT AT, MER G TINOF 144 MWVIRRRS borino been cent to the Senretery, the ounr,-.Trottee ham. Ar-an,erf for the 'eHn to he held at the 0-OPRRA,TIVR 14W, gANKRY 3T., on FRInA.Y MIXT, the 15th Wnvemhe,,t g r,',lonk p.m. q'be Patenrianne of merotlers is ~quesierl 7th November 19117, IT. ASHTON, Reerete.r7.

poPuLkl3 11,r1Neq,PT. rmr,n SCITToOLI3OOII, TO-,TIMHT ATuRT)AV,, Al' 7,Afl ARTurrR,• R kV TRI4I3IIVOOII, 25Pser.. cinT/RTv, LT. pT,T-M,TPTON. Mr. 13 -7•IOTIP.T?Ti' OTRTTI4 ,31.1r*V. Mr, D. Wl` rnv, Lan,hir, aDMI99TON OVE PWV,7I7. (141,1,10-2 Y TWOPENCYR TAP iwn PUBLIC DEP. ITE UNDER THE AUSPICF.S OF THR, V A -MN T, -/I7T tvAGT*Tr, wITT. TAKE PT.ACE,TN TW (10.n.7!flpTIVR AT,T, CI,\TKRY ON MOrY, rnVWTIR 18r}r, Ig7. STTPTR", 7,n72 riVrATF "D^e. trnining St* n-non•ei hv th, •ra'innse er vice T.PAcmo tpria towqr,l• th nrnm,tiTrl nf ?" R9VW v-I,7%nrici Tmo. "prwPT,v•TriNT. P e A.ATv.T„ nu A.. eTRVPN-lONT, 13 Q., Qr(IFIVTIFIV Tur, Antrwr,sor.-n DISTTUCT Pr Arm Ayr) ARBITRATIoII Tart. n/TATR WILT, 'nil. TAKE,/ AT 8 P.,r„ BY 1-11?N11Y rvrmirro,. RqQ., TRE DEBATE wirt. TIE TyTnr.wN ('PEN TO TFIE Puni.re. Donna opF.t 7:ln. pPTAnER 330- DIVITSSION FYTPV. I.ADTEg SPECIALLY TIRYITED.

"Vir A RRI‘IP TO I.‘T mnqlC A T. Soci ZT Y. grAPlntg ISr.7-q. THU FIRST szyria.OPIPTION 0011CIRRT 'PTTR P4PR O Trrp,m ay, icovßmßuß 2sTrt, 1907. ern 17nNvAlln Pt GAR'a T up; (IF (4R('VSITIU2. pßpncrwn Tly ergtrnr,tre4 lIVFtyIQT-71/0 PVPrInNY. A Terr,rrP ! Mies trttzTTPITTIR 'fir.zan-30prano. Ittr" A ..• • - • - •tian aTt-tvg • rrlutr,,pq pyrr?, 0 9 ••• •-• 1"4“• (-horn% ATl'' iftrVPIV Aurn#ntl ~r^hPaPra. I)I.,'TOTt •,Afr. V. Tr. ORnSSILT.: Y. W. fI.PAYTn-. r (se Pret,..trp, Mr. 1). W. PP4RQOI‘. nnan Rt 7.15. rrneart Rt 7,4 C, fl.,•Ap.gev at 10.10. 0d..• T win-Iffrri by early Ann,. af• 7,, RPNcr Cr 113.emTpTTAv Tfl Tarp gya•Pit- OA CONCERTR Droce grs+. (PnAT nf )al!). 'Ca. Pa. Ppoervp.l n ".., 2.., Ocepnd Paserved Feats (Andy of RAM S. p ("niter:PO. F.. pI2";TE 'rteTt,ru 1,1 ,"(17,-.QTTRatIRtEltn° :—ltra.rraa nreaS p (Roer n"n Vra,lN 4e.. treaarvaA rent.'n 41.1!erv• 7,••• " Feais (Poev /1,01) 9. an.l reaerced Si3f• :_gve GallPrP (Pxcept, front I.l:7".”cirla Rnd taaplt 11,11 ear, 'l3%ek Re,,te Body of fly.," Prl. wTR., PTA', will nrp-•a•cl at Ma. R, 1-r, rE4RPnIeP .5411110 P,,rre.v-a•rpw,r, fn snh.Prihpr nn weaneel.v r.^t'F,Th.•• I7th, and tn thp wener,l pliblin on aTqU,s7, r. p. (V,TTGIT, 'Roy. n•rp...nrer. ursn. Cpt3rptarr.

I,AT ARRINOTON lIINTOR, LIBERAL ASORTATTorq MTING 'I.I9MYkY TIVW7I,II- RXr, NOV.IITg, Tv GIWI-OTZTi (14FR, BUTTERVIA.RKRT ST., AT 7.45. SIT 8.1,CT : Local,Municipal Questions."—Mr. COUN. HAWTHORN

WARRTNOTIINT TVG"PNI ARV PICTENSION, SUBSCRIPTIONS TO Dl''. £ F. d. BallAnTes of thA Vulcan Foundry, TA Tqwortnr-ir-Willnsar 2l 14 5 tine-third r(''ce(l or thp Warrinetoo Sports, per ',ln infllor Thome% Pur'on or me..r.. J. I{, Trlerninz ,„ enLti. (4th instAlment) .... 18 3 'aPtaTri Arthur nustf!.`t ...... ' • 1 1 0 IR.llll3ll7.;ofMese,. P4elrtnn Prn.. Patount previously neknocv'edgel £14712 14 11 - W. PRTRR I-9,0,...,1Rn thp Ne.nAtunk rommittee. GPOPGR DILKTN. Iron. Tre36,lrPr.

e"A nA. BY ALLAN T,TNF.--TTI .AMTP. OF 001Arg flrlAFni/T TS ATT‘T•crFT) TN Tf-TH FAST TURRINF c,TFAMRRS. EITORTFETP AND CISFAPFEIT POTJTE TO ALL PART OF CANADA. & WREvrPrN 9TATIIR. SPBRI). Unvi,pqsseti .sernromodßtion rweellen Culdne. Det.ll.rpwnrk sod Wages. bAPETY, Aoniv T,T,A Nr4 103, LVAPFNITALT. STRVNT, Roe VOUPORT 5. PALL MALT, TANDON ; 19. 3AMR4 FrrRRRT. LIVRRPOOL or local Agents

PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. MONDAY NEXT, NOVEMBER 11TH, AND DURING THE w EEK. SYDNEY CARTER'S NEW. CENTURY PICTURES, UNDER THE DIRECTIIII OF FRANCIS D. SUNDERLAND. THE GREAT VICTORIA FALLS ON THE ZAMBESI RIVER DISCOVERED BY LIVINGSTONE IN 1855. CATCH THAT KID I A MODERN DON JUAN, A REAL CREAMER. THE OLD ARM CHAIR INTERNATIONAL HORSE SHOW OLYMPIA, LONDON. ALL FOR LOVE OF LUCY. NEW PATHETIC STORY PICTURE- DUMB SAGACITY OR, SAVED BY HER PETS. NEW HUMOROUS PICTURES I EVERY EVENING AT 8. SATURDAY AFTERNOONS AT 3. POPULAR PRICES :-IF. 611., IS., 6D., 3D.

MILITARY BAND INSTRUMENT MANUFACTURERS. 11. J. WA RD & SONS, io, ST. ANNE ST., LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISHED IEO3. REED BAND INSTRII74IEIT9 AND FITTINGS. CONCERTINA BANDS. Brass Band of 19 Fife and Drum Band of 17 £7 17s. Bugle and Drum Band of 9 ESTIMATES FOR ANY NUMBF.Ft OF INSTRUMENTS. MUSIC STANDS is 94., 2s. 64., 3s. 64. TO 159. REPAIRS BY RXPIARIENCED WORKMEN UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. ACETYLENE BAND LAMP",.. APPLY FOR PARTICULARS.

rr HE uOttPORATION OF WAHRINGToN IS JL PIiI3PARBD to LOANS, either at six months notice or for a tt-rm of year. Applicat:on to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington,

BIRKBECK BANK. ESTABLISHED IESI. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGi, HIGH HOLBORN. W.O. 21 PER film,. INTEREST allowel on Deposit Accounts. 2 PER CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Accounts with Obecrge E.ok. All General Banking Business Transacted. ALMANACK, WITH FULL PARTICULARS. POST FREE. C. F. RAVRNOROFB, SRCRETART

A QUEEN OF SONG IN WARRINGTON. N° • 21 THIJRzDAY, NOV. 21. 5 PARR HALL. MOST BRILLIANT CONCERT GIVEN FOR MANY YEARS IN WARRINGTON. ADA CROSSLEY CONCERT. EVANGELINE FLORENCE. AD X CROSSLY. JOHN HARRISON. HAMILTON EA.RLE. FEROY GRAINGER. LEON S RMETI NI. CoNDUCyoR : S. LIDDLE, THE FAMOUS COMPOSER. TicKEys : 5g., 4g., 25. 6d., 20., 15. Now Salliog at R. H. PEARSON'S, 75, Erirlge st. Tel 353 X. SECURE YOUR TICKETS, EARLY Dooßs 7.15. FREE To TicKET-7-loLDER9. REMARKA.9LE SUCCFSS OF TOUR. NOV. 91 THURSDAY, NOV. 21. L 5

PIASO3 AND OWIANS. —Chalmers does sell at many pounds lees than firms who have expensive rents and swell canvassers,- collectors, and other bangers-on. The public would be surprised at the enormous cost of running a swell piano business J.C. avoids these need'. Bs expenses ; Instead of paying £3OO to £:±00 rent he pays EM for a large warehouse, central, I,tat out of the principal thoroughfare. To intelligent buyers this means al enormous saving. JO's turnover is larger than many of the swell warehouses. Come along and inspect etocl=, and you will be delighted with the value. Chalmers allows the highest price for old Instruments as part payment for new good. Note address : CHALMERS, 63. Great George-street. Liverpool (10 minutes from Lime-street) : open till 8 every night ; cArtiage paid any place.

&NO.—Beautifdl toned "Collard " cottage £7. Paymehts arranged.—ClmmEns, 63, Gre.,t George it., Liverpool.

PIANOS AND ORGANS.—Chalmers, 63, Gre•it George st., Liverpool (1) minutes from Lime st.), instruments retained from winter hire ; magniftccut upright iron grands from £l2 by Hopkinson, Allison, Kirkman and many other famous makers, "equal to new " and at one-third original cost; In fact, " make your own price and terms." • Come early if you desire to secure a real life-long bargain at prices charged elsewhere for oil rubbish, " worn out 30 ',e,rs ago." Come along, and if you have £4lO £5 to pay down you shall secure bargains that elli open your eyes to the long nric, charged elsewhere. " Fully warranted by written guarantee." Carriage paid any pia° ty CHALMERS, 63, Great George st., Liverpool. Open till 8 daily.

IS THIS A CALL FOR ? YOUNG MEN WANTED, REGULAR CHURCH OF ENGLAND COMMUNICANTS, abstainers, single, 18 to SO, for FREE TRIINING AS EVANGELITS OR LABOUR HOME FATHERS. Zee', not education or fluency, essential. Small guaranteed salary ; Old-3ge provision. Splendid sphere of work for Christ. Consult. in confidence (naming paper;, CANDIDAIE3' SECRETARY, CHURCH ARMY, MARPLII ARCH, LONDON, W.

DIANOS AT CHALMERS, LIVERPOOL —Arrival of I • new magnificnt upright iron grand. coin at swat warehouses at £3O cash. HALtelliliS' IASI! C 1 Paiuu 215. Chalccerr, buyers with £4 to £8 to pay down enure these lovely toned grands at Cash Price ere you are at Chalmers, as mistakes have occurred to the great las and disappointment of buyers. CH. A LM E R S, 63, GREAT GEORGE ST., LIVERPOOL.

A U_l-jo1(314.1 eIGARhT SUDLOW'i SPECIAL SILK CUT CIRmC. Guaranteed Hand-made from Pate Virginian Tubauo. Bd. per oz., 2e. 6d. per 14-Ib. box. T. S T uD,Am no., Clgaß MERCHANTS, 15, WINWICK ST*, AND 6,, BUTTENHARKET Sr., WARRINGTON. Tel. 414 Y.

13 RT LL I AN T PROFESSION AL PIAN IST,DANCES VAMPI3T, SMOKING CONCRTITS, everywhere Se. and faree.—GBARLEB GI,RDNER, 110, Fallmer et, Liverpool.

pAFTI. MELBA, CARUSO, KUBELIK, LAUDER, ETC., will sing and play for you at home any time you wish. All you require is a GRAMOPHONE AND RECORDS, and you have then at your command the finest artietes of the world. RVIIRY RIV2.ORD and every type of GRAMOPHONR, ZONOPHONR,and THOMAS RDISO N MACIiI NS in stock at JAKE GRAHAM'S, 74.1 ANT) 7P, RRNSHAW ST., AND 271, PARK RD., I WEL POOL. Tel, 1-..6X and 4-31 X Royal. SIiND FOR LISTS POST PRIM.

lEFT-OFF CLOTHING, &c., BOUGHT.—BEST / PRICE for parcels forwar4led ;if not approved Goods Returned. CA.RRIAGRPAID. Second-hand DREsS SUITS, MiLITARY, HES'INICAL. BAND UNIFORMS. LIVERIES, ARMY TENTS,SftIe or Hire GENT'S MISFIT suura at THIRD COST PRICE. LADIES' EVENING DRESSES. COSTUMES, BLOUSES. GENT'S FUR-LINED and FROCK COAT. PORTMANTEAUS, Ac., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY TROUSERS,SHIRTS.BLUCHERS,W ELM e3G EONS. CARDIGANS, OILSKIIS, FOLIOS CAPES, GORMAN'S. 326, AU, and 340, Deanegate, Manchester. Established 50 Years. Telephone No 4138.

ITMR COMBINGS made up 2/- per OZ. COVERLETTIi I TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURR FROM 3/8 EACH. HAIR. T 8 BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

PIERPOINT AND CO., PRIZE MEDAL BAKERY, 125, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. BEFIT HOUSEHOLD BREAD. SPECIAL VALUE IN FLOUR. SELF-RAISING FLOUR. HARD TO BEAT.

NURSES! NURSES ! ! NURSES !! ! MALE OR FEMA.LE, ANY CASE, ANY DISTANCE, NIGHT OR DAY. LIVERPOOL MALE AND FEIMLILE NURSES' INSTITITTIOI9, (FSTABLISHED YEARS). 110P.E HOLSK, POPP: ST., LITERPOOL. Telephone : 2570 Rya. Telegrams : "Nurses," Liverpo9l.

FIORTON'tz ORIGINAL B6N MAUI' PILLS FOR FEMALES. in a few days correct all irregularities and remove all obstructions ; also cure Aommia, and cause no injury; to the married or single are invaluable. By post, under cover, for Is. lid. or 2s. 9.1.. from G. D. HORTON (late Chief Dispenser (rem Birmingham Lying•in Dept. 55 Aston road, Forth, Birmingham. Bold over 40 vears,SUPPLIED IDIIiEOT ONLY. t4,ELDOM EVER FAIL. Air La:ites should tend for a free sample of Improved as Itary Towel, and ii,terestin2l booklet post free.

"ALIAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SIMNEL MARE, WARRANTED, POT VRID3 2s. 6d., 35., 4s. 6n., IND 6s, 6D J. O. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. Made And Ground By English Lahour. Local Agent: J. lIImSwOBTB, Market Hall, Warrington.

DISINFRCT WITH SNOwDOI. FLUID AND powDEßsi MANY TIIIR3 montl BFFBCTIVS3 THIN CARBOLIC ACID. To be obtained from all Chezni,ts or the Mar;ufacturers— SNOWDON* SONS & CO., I.TD., lIT,LWALL, E.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. TSB BBST AND CHEAPHST EVER OFFERED TO:THE PUBT To. SOLD BY ALL GROCER-I. AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 1013.,. AND is. SD., EACH • WHOLEBALYL BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD„ WARRINGTON.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, The old and tried remedy that good the teat of two generatione. R J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, Inveluable ior • GHS, CoLDs, CPU BRONCHITIS, STHMA, EURALGIA REFUSS to be put off with a SUBSTITUTII. The original can be had of ALL cHxmisrs if you show you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE! IS THR NAMR ; le. Id, 2e. 90., 4e. 6d. the pricer. DR. J.ICOLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

,UFLihlt FROM HEAVACHP, I3ILIOUSNESS, INOIGItSTION AND GENERAL DEPI SION. Regalc health by the me of WALY'S TONIC PILLF, Invaluable for WOrPI3O. MONEY RETURNED if you derive no benefit-from them. Of all Chemists or post paid from TONIC PILL CO , 153, MOH ED, KILBURN, LONDON. Prices le. lt-d. and 2s i'!d. per Bog.

141X4.111. VXPRill'l, all Profe,sions, rosirlrntlal or correa ponden.—PENNINOTTN & lEMPF.4T, Tatou, Man chester. A .WN,, ,rae.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS TEOUs.' NDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVE HD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON 'TO WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anemia Giddiness, Fulness mid bevelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite,Hysteria,Palpitation of the Heart. Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Ailments. Boxes Sid. Is. lid.. 2s. 443. 6d. and Ils. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPAIION CURE. A positive Specific for Piles and Constipation, and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Corn- plsmt. Bottles 2/9, 4/6. 11/-, by post 3d. extra, 309 PORTOBELLO-ROAD, HoTTING HILL, LONDON, W. (Only Address).

TT I:4 HFIRLD COLLUGR, BISPHANS.— Boarding School I for Girls. Facing sea ; bracing air. Thorough educa- tion. Ph7sical Training. Inclusive terms. P4inelpals. the IViiPAe‘ IRELAND.

As E. ICRN EST WELK V.5„k.1...c. NI., Professor of Iv I music, Organist and Choirmmter of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY. COUNTER- M MICA I, FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. I.Arge three-manual organ for pupils' prsctice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY LkliE and LEGH BT.. WarrinGtoll- --- UR AN RBI' HOUSE: SCHO-ob, 1101 LAKE, eutEstmoc—Principals : Miss OHb.PNIAN and Miss GRRRN. Education on best modern lines. Preparation for lixamlndions. Resident Foreign Governess. Half terns November 4th.

QOUTFPORT MODE N SCEIOOL.---AN IDEAL C 7 801-100 L FOR BOYS. First-elms 0-lunation. gond home, and healthy sArroundings, Swimming, Gymnastlee,) Cadet Company, and Rifle Range. -Foreign boys received. Usua'lv full. Prospectus from eIIIvCIPAL.

QTOCKTON LODGE G.IOII SCHOOL, STOCKTON i.j HEATH,WARRING,ON (3 minutes from Car Terminus DAY AND BOARDING SCRDOL FO lt GIRLS, KINDERGARTEN. PREPARATORY SCIIOOI, FOR BOYS. Large House, extensive grounds and playinz fields. Excellent Resident staff and Visiting Masters and Mistress,.• Great successes in Examinations. The next Term will com- mence on Tuesday. September 17th. PROSPECTUS, References and Views on application to MTSI PARTINGTON. PRINCIPAL:

WININIARLEIGH CAFE, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. CELEBRATED CONFECTIONERY. WEDDING CAKES. BOXES OF DAINTY AFTERNOON CAKES, 2s. 6D., Is. 6D. POST FREE. XMAS CAKES NOW BEING MADE IN TIME FOR THE FOREIGN MAILS. SOLE AGENTS OF FULLER'S, HILDERBRAND'S, ETC., SWEETS AND CHOCOLATES. RESTA URANT T A BLE D'HOTE 19. 6g., Is. BILLIARD AND SMOKE ROOM. Before arranging for your Winter Parties kindly call and see our Pleasant Booms and Ballroom, which has been Newly Decorated. BALLS, WEDDING RECEPTIONS, AND BANQUETS CATERED FOR IN ALL PARTS OF THE COUNTRY. HIRE OF PLATE GL kSS. CHINA, ETJ. : WAITERS Orders promptly executed and despatched by first train or post as required.

FOR EVENING WEAR. The Latest Novelties in

See Special Window ,display for the Latest Novelties at remarkably low prices. W. HODGKINSON Ltd. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

WOOL CURTAINS, 3/11,G, 6111 to 25/- per Pair. PORTIERE CURTAINS, from 3/9. PORTIERE RODS, 1/1., 1/6k, and 1/11 each. WOOL BLANKETS, 9/6, 10/11-, 12/6 per Pair and upwards. EIDERDOWNS, full size; from 12/6. - E. COATES, 72, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

SMITH B,&_ WAIAKER ARE NOW SHEWING THEIR CAREFULLY SELECTED STOCK OF NEWEST GOODS FOR AUTUMN AND WINTER WEAR. AGENT FOR THE N. and C. RAINCOAT. Telephone 382 Y. MA.E nisov GITE, mrivitruricerora.

- - - - - ESTABLISHED 1833. RICHARD JEFFREYS! 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAILER AND PRIIST -SELLER. A. Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, soltable for Wedding end Birthday Presents, Sobbol Prizes, to. Terms Moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYER OF PICTURE 3 BY WATTS. ROSSEITI, and BURNE-JONES. AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTION: OF PICTURES IN IVE NATIONAL, TATE. AND OTHER GALLEEISS. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

FOR REALLY- GOOD TAILORING, WHETHER LADIES OR GENTLEMEN'S, GO TO H. S. PAGE & CO., 74, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. WE STUDY YOUR WANTS AND LAY OURSELVES OUT TO SUPPLY THEM

Public Benefit Boot Go. Ltd, eolossai SALE Now on.

Surplus Stock of Boots and Shoes offered at immense reductions. UNDER THE eLO .210 c BRIDGE STREET, Warrington.

For OVERCOATS ready to wear, And OVERCOATS to measure, NEW GOODS FOR COMING SEASON. GRAIIK 36, BUT'TERM4IFAIWGTSOT4REET,

:111111/111111111111111111111111111111111111111111MIMMIIIIIIIIIM11111111111111111111IIIMIIM111111111111111111111111111111114 / '6' . • rtiou 1111 l 1111101 1111 l ! 11111111111 l ." .." ,' ' ~,,,,C..r.• , Ztk .Z.l* .5%:..... 4, 1 ::::,,,ck,414,,,, '•j„ ' A.:00"...,1, ~t ~.' •W. ' • ' : ,-.::, : :2 •,:#:**Wz....:ilie... ,:: • :::1.7rvip.A..174w, - ... ~, „44..„;„...;,, , ~...,„.,,,t s Li 1 I a a i i .54 .e. :: ,&::* . . ti.,..,': '.l',:•.o4o4o:SW.V.''''" . i i V ! i": t: *... : 74 CE. 1. WP%.. ''''' ' ~- 1 ..*: •;:.:: / i .. F 5 . / / -' ..-_____-:"----- 0 , - • c .6 - . STAND 111 r 165 OLYMPIA. SEE THE NEW 10-12 H.P. -4•..:.-,--,-,:-.:.‘i.• !-, - .. ..r - ':" .•4 ' ••;.' COVENTRY HUMBER ,i:'• . . . • ... With 4-Cylinder Engine, Four-seated Body, 3 Speeds and „,, „ • • . ; • ••• .-. Kever:e. The finest value ever offered in the motor world. -1. • . ill; • , •:.' : : . f,' 1, • • ' ; o ..:,..,,,,,:,.... ~..:...?.,..,.):,. zi-,.. RiCNE £250. AND THE NEW 20 H.P. BEES HUMBER With Guaranteed Consumption. :._ ,• ; :: . • , .. ,-• ~4`l: ~ ~ , .• .i • .--- -• • , ~, e.....- rs •:..,, ~, 1..."-•;•: •t".:3i-•-c.'''it t This Car will meet the wishes of that very large number . who wish to know exactly what a Car will ra,i to run. ..,, e• . _ -. t •,•••,1 44.: -‘. Each model will be tested on the road, and . ~, *-,'f ; -4:•:11.Z..73 13'47;1: tter -.7 a guarantee of the number of miles ___, .. ~ '',,,.• _ .),,f$ 1 ...1,...% ; • AT„,„ ,:' ~:•-".... ~,_ P,, :,. per gallon poen to the buyer. 0,4 ::- ~..,;6,. ETA, -r.t.,-t rttzti .(----- .v. Free Trials arranged. Ww- • ..t-te4v.4.1 ..;•;-'l7-•Sc. - . . 7. • .. HUMBER LIMITED, 27-33, Leece Street, Liverpool, or Local Agents :—BELLIAN & DAVIES, Sankey Street, Warrington.

HALIFAX YORK =tilltl).-1 at or sell large convenient Rouse and thou ; thickly populated. ;cool class reii- dential neighbourhood. Opening for beveral trade?. 4.1)P1y T. H. Derrire, Somercotes, Alfreton. DerbyshirP. rllO OWNRIN OF PROPRRTY in Liverpool.—Pro arty A. repaired at the lowest charges; paper found and hung from 6d. per piece; ceilings whitened from 4d. each; estimates free. —Jam It° MoKaoww, Contractor, 123, Queen's rd., LiverTol. INVUSTORS.--Eguity of 48 substantially built well, 1 let Weeklies. One lot or separately. Best situation round Manchester. Near cars and station. Gross rental £922 7s. Price £2.3oo.—Apply J. Braluaow, Boleeton House, Fallowfield. Manchester.

RtTA did en Et 1833. •%1 ri CS. HOP. LARRP, STATIONER AND NEVI SAGEST, " EXAMINER " OFFICE. 33 MARKET STREET, EARLIIISTO WN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABI E FOR PRESENTS.

Wm. PLIINT 27 29 a3l Oldham St.,, MANCHESTER. , ,AittfagePl NEW KIMONA ..... .. ( .•:-.,.--,,,,_,,:, _.., COSTUME 1 r',..,A "AlTo' : i'.7 kr\`‘,7% ;v. : i !: ~ v ~.. •, • A ~...,, .t. ~ . . ..,(,4. ...‘..\,1 ,Lll CARRIAGE PAID. - ; • "! i . 11q1iiii: !./:'..' \ / i / !.i, iii ji' •0 1 1 : il, ~ /li ; 1. 11,. \\. \ ~,.\ ~ ,i, ;,/ IN i. \\\ i„\\‘ --I' / :,• ifl 1,1 ,‘\ •il \.., - , /I. i 7. " IH, •41--0..7---•--kip:;.,; % ,0-5,,,,4a,.., .":::,....... - IN ALL SHADES IN PLAIN VICUNA CLOTH. Can be worn over any blouse for either indoor or outdoor wear. Send measurement of waist and length of skirt.

:ffrOntv

EVERSION3 UNDHR xvILT,P, &c.—Loans or Purchases. :\ Low charkee.—LE.LlF: QUINLV", 20, —Bucklersbnry, London. L0.3075.—£10, ropayahle 15.. monthly; larqa _L %mounts In nronortion ; distaros no obj3lt ; form free —F. PuTLAND, 28, Inklis rd., Croydon.

I nAn4q, private, RIO to £SC,O note of hand ; Furniture J Bought, Sales Conduct ecl, Rents Collecte€l. --A pply AtICTIoNEER,2. Elm Grove rd.. Barnes.

()TINT) INVICsTNIHNPS.-14-rms arranged with large LI Cerporati( ns and Hart>nnr R.,aras at tj and 4 par cent., first-class sePurity.--/Lpply J. H. BARRACLOUGEI, F.A.A.., Yeovie.

TMPORTANT.—The NfIRTI-11tRN COUNTISS I tIONA BY CO., LTD. (incorporated 1875). make Advances to persona entitled to property on the death of aged relatives, or otherwise in expect,ney, and noon levaries, funds in Chancery. 'ife interests, and annuities, and purchase tho4e int,t, ter prompt cash.—SnANNov & KRMP, Secretaries, 2?, Lord st., Liverpool. Rloto £5,000 ADVANCED by PRIVATE LENDUR ON STIVIPI.II PROME9.SORY NOTBS. No rills or Sale fallen, and absolute privAey guaranteed. Fir,t li-tter of anpliestion receives prompt attention, and intendinw borrowers are waited upon by a representative who is empowered to rorrip,Pte trap sertton on terms mutu- ally arranred, NO CHAI;OI4 BRING MADE UNLIiSS PUSINR,S ACTUALLY CM' PLETRD. Special quotations fcr Short Loans. Write in confidence to— MR. T. POLLITT. 70, OLTITTAA..I ROAP, NIANCHIrTBR.

-17-nuil A TITNTION pLEASP. LEND £5 to £l,OOO to all Chase. I LEND upon Your Own Signature. I LFND without Ronel.men. I I,ICND Quirdflv and Reasonably,. I LIVon th Full Amount Required, I LEN!) WI hour, Fuss or Formalities. T PrivatOv and I-Tonourahly. I AM THR .ACTVALI'inFR. For further in!orrnAtion eill or write to H F I :I'ON, 3S, CFIURCH STR.EitT, LIVEEPOOL.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, RING-STREET, T1AN1.7.1, AND 13, NEIVGATR STREET, Cl 3 &-...TER. PROM:-.71: PPTVATII ADVANCES, In Sums of frfan El() to 21,000 ON t,'IMPLR PROMISSORY NOTE. A TI 7 .'_•4ihii or tetriportay CASH ADVAN.IRS should note headvantazes offered, Viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THR PROMISSORY NOTE TO BR SIGNED THR LOW RATE OF INTREIRST CI4 ARGED ACCORD- ING TO PISK. THE WRITTEN GITARANTRE oF STRICTEST PRIVACY `MR sYS Mkt. OF SNIALL Ir'etPAYM Etn's ,ExTENDir4r; PVPR A PER/On OF TIME OONVENIRNT TO TI-1.1 BOTIPONvR. NO RILLS OF ALE ARA T4REN ITYLItss AGRRNn AND THR TRANSACTIONS ARII NOT PUBLISHED InANY NRwSPAPRR OR fIAZRTTI. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSRRVRD. APPLICA NTS REMOVE I MMR 0 T kTR ATTIDITIOR IRRESPECTIVR OF DISTANCIL In urgent e.,sec a Penresentative VIII WI personally npon applicants An., eompiete the 4ransactle!ns at their own home or plat," or hull:loss. My fair deaiirt,Prd rerifonal)le charges are wilely known and my reputation stands unrivalled,

-P TO £5,000 LT DAILY. LOWiZST ISTRIIRST 1N IiNGLAND. £5 I)an, iiepay 2s. weeklt-. £25 loan, Reply 10;. w,ekly RIO „ „ 49. „ £3l Po. „ El 5 „ „ 61. , £5l „ 20s. ~ Bs. „ . 21-0 „ „ 355. „ No Sureties, no Lelay,no Publicity. SpeciAl attention to applicanks from this district. METROPOLITAN7LOAN & DISCOUNT CO., 219, 1311:7NikVICK Sr.,OX?ORD RD., '%IT R; and at 87, VICORIA RD„ NORTIV.VICH, 65, EDLRSTON RD. (crirn,r of CArntn ORRWR, 8, TRHNTIIAU ST., RUNCORN.

THE LONDON & PROVINCIAL I °ANT CO., _ • 461, NIARKET STRKEr, NIANCHESTER, !GRANT PROMPT AND PRIVATE ADVANCES ON NOTE OF HAND ALONE, TO HOTHRHOLDBRS AND ()TIIBR 1:BSPONcIBLB PitliSONS AT HBASONABLit RATB AND WITHOUT PUBLICITY. REPAYMENTS TO SUIT BORROWERS' CONVENIENCE. SPECIAL RATES FOR SHORT PERIODS.

910 £5,000.- W ! !8. IV 11 ! ! rawn or let your friends know that you are short of a little reAdy cash. We have plenty of money, and are willing to lend you part of it at a very low rate of interest and an ea.y repayment can te arrangfrd according to your income. £5 loan - weekly £lO loan l- weekly 04) loan IC/- weekly larger BETTIS in sr.me i rep•ortion, other tel ma as mutnally agreed upon. Don't Pay 2/5 In he £ for a month. So don't fail to give us a es)! or write -nd convi, ce yourself that our terms cannot be heaten.—APPLY To & Co , 31, OAIRO Sl'., WARRINGTON. MISS COITRIIII.I. MINAGF.RE3a. N.l3,—Bead this carefully. what you cannot understand, we will explian; we mean iv thing but hanert and straight- forward dealings. letters promptly attended ton.

, ~, ~,,,ijk ' '41141,47,1t.._.:gh,•••••, .411' ... • - •,../?,<•,-, .4) ~..73•'-‘;:is - :.:4:,;:it' 2.". F.,:••• 4.+4 .:- , 4e" ,- ',....'<;•,„ 7 Vt•.(4%•ci.:s ....,', 4 • - ..".•44.:` I; ej.% -4.• 44 C.. 1110 .ii F OR All •. • -"( 'l4 .' - '- ' - .+4.,i,"." 4•7,...'' ' c ' • ..• •ik • '..411,A..i..• ••• -,..#40 iv" COUGHS. ' ,01.,..„.• -•4 c.-1,,...10" oripr-... ...ZO. Ala '' tis fey2.4,5e..-.,.,-,,,,,:,-- . ...0,..,:•_,, 4. Ai • A ipi ~ 4 „- W -1 ~ • ~ . brid ‘,Ar g , ta.s'tin4o- • .t; W '-', 1,111.9-ronte 4r ..,,N.;!.`. ar • 1a.,. ~.,,,,,,,,,n, Alt , ~, FOR ~„.. 7 . 0.:,.. • ro, 1),,,,,..vi• , ' 411 COLDS ~,i ~.k.w_eia,' - .1 6 i tlikV.•'..Gr ' " "VP . ''- 015 4: "'- :* .14,1; ;;1•,•T ille - ' : •t•a• ~,,--t.,-,,,,,,,w , --41,1-"• v., vi1f,12,111,- •• 0 lif.-1r ~,•-•• ..,,...._. ~,,,k. ..., . .!,1 . in ; ,rith- .6), le :vele .A-'''_4,624 012,14,..t. Z ,'. t.' • _,,,,-.'2. 0 -:l4''A • ,jor 1,..;! ~.,,,,...k„ , , ~...„. .. ,---;•'!" -airs.:!••"'t (Wi.i.4, .441 - i•r'• "-'t • .4A411.. ~ 42-4,4- 4'•"!..4'f!V OA a'? t"' . Ar.* - 14-Poi lir 4.4 1:44-slit 0 • 40. ''': +!.4•30 • ••••44.e'f§V, •4 . es ~. r .4. 4,,r,,, ....0.._ 41,..,4 'PA 1k.....: ."41 ..,:*:- ~,a,„s,-•1.4 i, , • I ,r,o—• 1 io. --,-, _ .... ... -?C‘ •a:,..1.•• r 4„.iV Va.:. t. 4-4;14 ,4'-,i,r _ ' , 44 .. •• A •un, • -, ~ • (r'sk-'*` ~ 0. ..1.7.`.. ---.... '-t...42 ,e, • 4. 7, ,r.,..,,..„,,,,r..4,' •""! 1 ''< rat .i.-4,-#2 .0,•;.: 7,-----,- ~,-;-: • plib- . ) ''..4. • 14..2 - Pq illif k 1;, A k ' -1. U••• :, tr. ~: s•• 19-W-• '• %re .:•,....,- ,%.,__,,,,.:.-- • .o;ir... E; , . er ..1. A 0 1 .rviv ) .1 •• *,,,,,V..7, . •,..1.4.. •::"`"" , 7,...... ...d.tligt• 4..'" 17-, "t• 'Vt W.i i."‘N, 4t4 .4 '.'';... ... ir. . . . ..... .4:•:. • .i::," II:4: : • . ..; : . .:;..*AAP • "---' V- -, -rtait '-' , • .:itlei) .., 1 - • „,.,--: Apt ~,e- - 00 • --,•!*..140:-. •). ~,,,• ...-,-•,-4,•:- - -iz5,.;,•,, -„,,A. ! . ' : 4 -• , 4 4., • 11"7 4. .... .. -,..._ ow lip " -. 4 111); OP 4 imb• '''' 041' 44.4 .4, .;.„ ... . ,'.:•;..--"? `II. . '7-4 vi..t ;la% lit ';',•:' e: ~ - •4. . /,''''..it ~9 ~,...... ,r 1;telc:10.Allt w.,,5; -rsw ~. , ' ~.,PA13,•." 1 ~+1 'l'.., .'4 •,...J "• •_2,1? 4ii.• ." • ..,,Ar r Aft ...60A..`,',. A 410 ..;g 44A4W. ."•;-: -1,;,,•41ip,_ vp::' -r. '..mr • ~. ;•.--..., .. -.- - - I I 110) ..p.....,..,A4k. IV 141. IiCID fis• ."..I'..v•Aw ~-.. ...:- 'l/4 • -.6- Aii Aiii.....1; ,04. c.. 4 0 • ' 44;14e-44 lir 4 ‘7ii..r4j• ,a•- -, z - • rip, ...,,... t 0.,,„,„„ vat- A;',o4:, '-r•tir ..c2,,•,••-...--.1.1,0,:...,„.... :4.,..-..., ..-„st 4.... ~.. , I,,,,wriva ~,,t....,64w.,i gok:_,(7.••• w 9*ii " ' ,il-,,,r.21443•::::, ••*-Wc '.-' 0)4 6141441..vit.M..i.61410*.

THE G Pa EAT ENIGLISH REMEDY Established 1e.74. SAVES MANY LIVES. The Best, Safest and Surest Remedy known for Chill, , F. t• 4 50, L. li s 00 Gri S. .7 ; 4 t 1 A - ..... .4 . 4 - 5 &- Throat & Chest Affections, is a , , \r"...vat• t, .7, ' ' i ..... ... . IN. '• , '44 . Pt. • . .4,' 'l' ?I'• kit v-. .. 4., A -,.- . . •,-; -4 v,. ...• ~,,,, ~ ~, 4t," • ~,

„,....„..,,A-. .6.;_,,...,......,,..„ ,_. . , ii: •,titit:\\\ _, If 41 i \ I \ 'i..:!-.- i, I\`,,- • , - • 1 , • i' : '7.\.' ', \\ \ . / 1 ---- 01:`: k - '..... . :I I,„ 1 L\i,„ ,„..,\\,. it, li'llP 'lli I: I‘'‘,‘ 4 j/4: . ii I lir , i ;, \ \\, \\ ....tn, c‘ ft ft, 1 I 'tilt 1 ,',,\ t \\'',`,‘l,-,.`4,:.‘ . Ili' oiv \\ t\ ,-.,•th, i , , 1. ,_ \‘ , , ~,, , ~1 i ' 1 1:,,.\ I 1. lijl 1 1 1 1 ~ N, i I 1; t 11,-11.1 1 c t ~ % \\.\\, , i. h 1 :4, ,II!. 01, '\..\\. . ,[. I. 11, i .111 \t\ . \ \•., - , 1 iii 1,1, I jiH\. ;, , .

Direct from the Tea Garden to the Teapot. LIPTON'S • TEA. LARGEST SALE IN THE WORLI:L

W ANTED, good GENEHAL,for Farm House able to wash, VT good wages given to Suitable girl.--Apply Mrs. HOOO, Millbridge Farm, Tarbock.

WANTED, at once, First-class Finery IftOGBEIS ; good weges • constant work.—FAIRFIELD LAUNDRY, Burman at., Higher Openshaw.

MRS. PRHSTON, Progressive Servants Agency. 44, CHARLES ST., Blackpool. The oldest established in Blackpool. Wants Servants with reference., for Hotels, Boarding and Private Houses ; good wages; enclose stamp. Telephone 0637.

rflo NH SOLD on amount of death three active cart horses I_ from 4to 5 years and 8 years 16.2 to 16-3 has fresh and good looking aud free from blemishea and warranted sound and good workers suitable for farmers and carriers to be sold for half their value owner retiring from business one strong lurry, three sets of gears.—G.. BROOKS, 13, Featherston rd., North Oldham.

Zo be let.

PENKETH.—GOOD HOUSES WITH GARDENS, 3e. 9d per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. 53, WASH 'ANN IldlLL STREET. OFF' CES,ground floor. Also upper rooms. 41, NEW ROAD, rent 41. 9d. per week. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-street War ,Ington. Teleptple—No 55.

MO LAT. HOUSE, Knutsford rd. Beautified throughout. 1. Rent £l7. Apply Jas. B. ALDRED, Leigh Villas, Grappenhall.

TO LET GOOD HOUSES I--rker street, rent 355. month I clear, will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODS & SON. Solicitors, Warrington.

'MW SRMI-DRTACHRD COTTAGR TO 1,13 T ; elose to 11 Thelwall Station; Bath and Hot Water; good open Garden; Rent £l4 and rates.--Apply JOHN WHITE AND Co., Relates Office, Warrington.

A YLIISBURY DUCK. - HARVEY FOSTER, Moorlands Calyer, Derbyshi.e, has a few breeding pens to dispose of, from his noted winners.

YLESBURY DUOKS.—RARVEY FOSTER, Moorlands, 11 Calver, Derbyshire, has a few breeding pens to dispose of, from his noted winn.rs.

STRONG VIGOROUS 1907 COCICRRHLS. Black Minorca's, White Leghorn's. to breed winners. 7e. 6d. each ; approval. Buff Orpington and Barred Rock Pullets els. each, Cisco EGE PINNINGTON, Builder, Roby, Liverpool.

Zgeiantti).

XTOTICH TO CONTRACTORS AND CARTHRS.—GOOD 11 CINDHRS may be had at the " ExamiNaa " OFFICE. 3d. per load given.

A GENTS Wanted, private Christmas Cards. Good Corn- mission. Splendid Samp!e-book.--Write WIDD, Castle Works, Bradford.

5/ DAILY spare time em rn ployent, either sez (who can / "write) ; no canvassing ; necessary particulars addressed envelope..—T. WISHART, Victoria et., Aberdeen.

A GIMPS for PALESTINIt NOVHLTY.—SeIIs A t sight. Jll 100 per cent. profit. Particulars on receipt of stamped addressed envelope.—Rortr, Carlton, Worksop.

A GRNTS WANTRO, Private Christmas Cards ; good 11. commission allowed; no risk ;no outlay ; easily earned. Apply, Box A 5. CooPER PRINTING COMPANY, Burnley.

QITUATIONS FOR LlFB.—Sanitary Inspectors, Building 1.7 Inspectors ; sound, thorough. successful postal tuition. —POSTAL TE.CHNIC&L SCHOOL, 257 Granville rd., Sheffield.

TIJORATIVRI AGENCY.—Rvery district with first Ordcr I I for our 2C xl6 crayon portrait, 2a. 6,1 sarnpie price ; send photo.—WILKINsON, Artist,66 Woodlands rd.,Cheethatn, Manchester.

A GRNTi Wanted (London excepted). Insurance. Canvas. inrt. and others calling on Shopkeepers —For profitable commission agency address MERCANTILE, 1, Aldersgata Chambers, London, F.C. °RIGHT DRAWING MACTUNR.—MAN WANTIID to 1, take charge of Bright Drawing and Reeling Machine. Write stating age, 'wage and experience to ARGYLL MOTORS LTD.. Alexandria, by Glasgow.

BUYING AGENTS WANTRIT ; new invention of great utility, makes all garments rainnroof ; liberal terms ; shopkeepers' speciallty.—J, FISHER AND Co., 19, York place, Leeds. Barr ple 6d. post free.

VIRGINIA wants thousands of farm labow•ers and cooks. Good wages, good climate, work year round, No free passages, nn fee,. Particulars free.—Address CAPTAIN THOMPSON, Virginian Agent, Morecambe.

A GENCIRS Required by established firm with central CI. offices and showroom accommodation (London WO) for good selling lines.—Write Box MO, c/a Si:LABIUM & THATCHER, Holborn Place, London, W.C.

HERE I—Do you want an appointment? Sanitary Inspector, Lady Health Visitor, £lOO to £350. Postal Course Lessons now commencing for Liverpool exam. Fee 25s.—MuswxNe, Sanitary Expert, Sunderland.

WANTRD.—DaiIy Supplies of live and dead Poultry, Wild Babbitt', also netted Larks. Highest market value paid. Cash on receipt of coode.—Address P. BUNTINQ, Rgg , Poultry, and Feather Merchant, 9, Cobb et., Aldgate, Londoß, B'

eIANADA.•—AGRICLUTURISTS WANTIM to attend Mr. V Jury's Canadian Lecture, Town Hall, Chester. November 27th,—Particulare, WRIGHT'S TRAVEL AND EMIGRATION OFFICE, Watergate at., Chester. Tickets iasue.d and parcels forwarded,

ONTARIn, the principal Province of Canada, offers most favourable upportunities to strong young Men and others clesirons of engaging in Farm Work. Female Domestics in grecit demand at high wages. For particulars apply ONTARIO GOVERNMENT AGENCY:?, James st.,Livernnol.

17-NA CM? RS KN AOKERS ! KNACKERS !I I Best lA. possible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle. Prompt re•royal on the shortest notice any distance up to 16 miles—J4MFB TOOLE AND SONS LTD.. Manure Manu- facturers, Longford Works, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole, Lonsford Worke, Telenbone 299,

A GliNTS,—Llyerpool Victoria Friendly Society.—Wantel CI in Warrington, Runcorn, Widnes, Rarlestown, Altrin- cham, and surrounding dis•ricts ; Whole or Spare-time Agents ; special terms to energetic men.—Apply MANAGER, Victoria Chambers, Bridge et-, Warrington ; 35, Lowland rd. Runcorn ; and 15, Tipping at., Altrincham.

3 PIANOS ON SALR RBTURNBD FROM HIRE. PIANO, beautiful Roqewood Case, ky Ralph Allison. PIANO, beautiful Walnut Case. by Hilton and Hilton. PIANO, Oak Case, by T. G. Payne. PUN°, beAutiful Walnut Case, by William Barnes. [NTENPIQG BUYERS SHOULD NOT KISS THESE BARGAINS. FULLY WARRANTRA BY SBLVR3 AND HAKIM& Nora ADDRI,EB -fury- VY ADSWORTird. 59, CIASKRY ST., WARRINGTON.

fliebfral

A GOLDRN ItIiMRDY for conBtipatio9.—Balley'a Plll5 ; 11 free eamples.—BAlLEY'd LTD., 3E4, Havelock rd., fra,tings.

HEADACHE AND FIRURALGIA. rimy " Zimpo, ' never falls. Pric,e Is. id.—Wßiir, Chemist L Lemiugton on Tyne. FRBE.—Persons or Ailing should send for the Key to Health. Hundreds Cured. Enclose sta mp. —VALETTA. 19, Cannon it., Manchester.

ADIRW CURB for Blindness, Cataracts, Films. Specks Ito., without operation. Testimoniale, &e., free to all eye sufferers.— LFGGETT, Rlm, Wisbecb.

LlSTAl3.lEsl.—Hulme's 'Best Female Pills' are sold in boxes. .I'.J Is. 11,1.. 2s. 9(3. ; extra 4s. 6d. Useful and Instructive ooklet post free.—HULKEE, Chemists, flottingh sm.

D HRUNIATISSI CURED.—Mr. PARING GOULD, Radnor LC Grove, Leamington Spa. reoommends Wonderful Cheap Rheumatism Cure.FRBH information for addressed envelope.

EsrAß. lEs3.—Hulme's ' Best Female Pills ' are sold in boxes, ls. lid . 2s. 9d. ; ex,ra 4.. 6d. Useful and Instructive booklet post free.—Butmes.Cbemlst.Nottingham

VILER BOOKLET. Id. stamp, on Matrozone treatment; I. safe easy accouctlement wirvelinus recuperation of mother, bright healthy children.—Vianzoffe Co , North Shields.

McVAY PRIZ3 MEDAL PIANO!J, popular prices, cata- logues free. Agents wanted.--CAtE,BwELL, High at., Wandsworth.

BARGAIN.—Gent's handsome gold-ease Hunter Watch, We. ; originally £2. Approval.—ElLeclows, 69, Hatton Garden, London. E.C.

QUITS AND OVBRCOAT-.-158. to 355. Fashionable V cut, good lining. Patterns Free.—REth BEtoB (Dept. A.) 23 Bt. Columba et., Leeds.

rilliA.—Send postal order for ls. Bd. foi lib. Finest Tea, or 1 4e. 6d. for 31b • carriage paid. —INDIAN TEL Cc., 80 Blackboy lane, Tottenham, N.

MR. WHIT% Clairvoyant, Psychic Delineations from small article, 1., and stamped cave lope.-40, ST. JAMES'S RD., Mount, Liverpool.

rILBAN, SHARP SAND, for floors, scouring, potting. cage-birds, &e., 56 lb!., 2s. 6d.; 112 lbs., 4s. 6.l.,carriage paid.—CAßsTLEs, Biddulph, Congleton. FURS.—Rich Black Real Dogskin, 7! inches long, shaped Collar. Worth 10s. 6d.. post free, 55.— WALTER iLwELL., Manufacturer. Hunslet. Leeds

QPEND a msrry Xmas. by buying a phonograph. Three L 7 genuine Rdison records and phonograph, Be. 11d,— DOWER. 15, Barnatury Grove. London, W.

WARM Fleecy Pants or Vests.—Post free 21. 6d. each, Splendid Flannel Shirts, se. State chest measure- ment. —ASPINALL, Queen Victori4 st., Leeds.

DAZAAR GOODS (Special), Id. aud 60.—Greate8t variety 1, and value in the trade.—Seratos & MATTHEWILLN, Ltd., Plough Buildings, Gloucester et., Birmingham.

QKIRTS I Skirts Skirts! ! I—Good Ladies' Moirettee Underskirt sent carriage paid f3r 2s.—?end P.O. to the SKIRT MANUFACTURER, Bee wick, Manchester.

IPURNITURB Must be Bold.—Dining-room Suite, £3; 1: Chest of Drawers, 25.; Couch, 206.—Apply W. LEIGH, Arch 162, Railway Place. Cambridge rd., Mile Bud.

MANUFACTURER'S AUTUMN SALR Millinery, Hosiery. Underwear. Blouses, Furs. Drapery Cata- logue free.—SrannoN, Bridlesmithgate, Nottingham.

5O R ( yards FUR long, LwßhTitS At ar e; odresboreorwoe blfgi rav ; . two o for 3.. 6d. post free.—VesEy. High at., Tooting, London.

IDOST QUICK 1-7 stamps for our Ruines special, the 1 gaining victory weekly, Rives few selections but winners; Tuesdays.—S. Mont, 1 Shaw et., Cheetham, Manchester.

riOUPONS BOUGHT.—Sunlighte, Watson, Lifebuoy, ki Provost, Oxo, Quaker, Bovril ; highest prices, small, large lots ; stamp for particulars.—DALE, Baker st.,Brighton.

6 DI ROSPHRITY.' a Magazine of Money-making Proposl (ions for everybody; send 4d. in stamps to' specimen copy.—DouGLAs HALL, Advt. Agent, Fartown, Huddersfield,

fAILSKIN COATS, any size, 63. 6d. ; leather bound, leather twttonholes, 10s. ; Overalls, 2s. 6d. pair, guaranteed waterproof, post free.—BetucEs and PECII EY. Camden Town

g IMBRICKi.-337 Prizes to date from my lines. Send 6rl , LI order and stamped envelope. I post you Four Last Lines. State Limericks.—' MAJOR, 18 Bagley's lane, Fulham, London.

BEA DS, Coral., Pearls for Art Chain-making. Speciality in artistic necklaces and cliains. Fascinating selection of fancy articles and Jewellery.—J. Roorkk, 14, High et. Kensington, London, -16,1 AtiGAIN.—A 10s. 61. Fountain Pen for 2s. 6d. post free. Solid gold nib, 14 carat. Iridium-pointed, easy writing, regular flow, will last years. Satisfaction guaranteed.— H IRROP, Riverside, Dukinfieid.

INVENTORS.-Why be fleeced by patent agents? We will give you genuine advice. Send stamped addressed envelope to INVENTOR'S INFORMATION BUREAU', 18, St. james's Square, Holland Perk, Tondon, W.

MILITA.RY KNING BOOTS, smart appearance, 7a. 6d. per pair. Naval Knee Boote, very strong. Sc. 6d. per pair. Bluchers, ss. 6d. per pair. Any size, carriage paid. Cash returned not approved.—}f. J. GAssoN, Bye.

V DIAS AND NEW-YEAR CARDS —Box of 5) post free. Remarkable value. Same value last year. Limited quantity. Old customers please note Orders executed in strict rotation.— W. Dsvrx.a, Card Merchant, Abertillery.

I kow r neglect yourself this weather; send for particulars of my idea to keep yourself comfortable during the winter, it costs you nothing, Dud may save your Me.— BostuosimE, 6 St. Peter's Avenue, Upper Edrnonton,London,

TRH GRAZE OF THE MOMENT !—Limericked Postcards completed from old proverbs. (Gleba Perverted).— P.O. or 13 stamps for one doz.n assorted. Mention paper. W ILLIA MS & Co., 67. Arcadian Gardens, Wool Green, London.

21/ FOUNTAIN PEN FOR 40.—The Banker's Pen. 14 carat (stamped) Gold Nib (state fine,medium, or broad). Post free on receipt of P.O. for 45., THE BOOK 00.,59, ST. MARTIS'S LANE. LONDON,W.C*

- - - DABBED FENCING WIRE in Fewt. reels, 234 yards, To. LA per reel ; rain Galvnizod Wire in I-cwt. bundles, 7CO yards, 12.. per cwt. Wrought Iron Standards, le. 3d. each.— (W.lDep.,. BUTLER, Bell Works,Wolverhampton. Established 1828.

GALVANIZICD CORIUrG4TBD SHICHTS, all warranted sound, 3ft4, 9d ; 4ff., la. ; sft., Is. ; 6ft., Is. 6d. ; Tft., is, ed. ; Eft., 21. ; 91t„ 2. sd. ; loft., 2. i3d. Each ; ridging, 34. per ft. ; spoutine. 31d. per ft.—(W. Dep.), BITLER, Bell Worke, Wolverhampton. Established 1826.

rro F tR3311119, BTC.—WILL CULBRAW, Sadler. 3. Copy 1. Nook, Blackburn, has for quick Sale all kinds of Light and Heavy Harness. ale() 1,000 sundry lots Bridles llamas, Saddles, Breechings, all parts Harness, &c. • 200 Collars, all sizes, from 3s. each ; Riding Saddle, 15s. ; New Set Harness, £4 ; Chain Gears, 30s.

U 1 ÜBBBR GOODS and every description of Surgical and t, Domestic Appliances at ball usual prices ' • valuable Information and illustrated list free ; four splendid samples Is., or ten ftstortel 2e. 6d. (worth 56).—W. B. DOREAN Co.. Manufacturers, West Norwood. London.

VVIRB NAILS (Mixed). Bs. 6& per cwt., 281 b. 2s. 3d.; Resew.. mixed. 28e. per cwt. ?81be 7s. 6d.; Wire, Cut. Wronxbt, and Malleable Nails. Tadka, Rivets, eta., etc., wholesale-prices.—MIDLIND NAIL Wobxe. 25 to 28, Rea it., Brimingbam, C. W. BAYLES, Proprietor.

1-14 MI AND CHIP SHOP FITTINGS, or Shops fitted com- l.; plete and business taught, if von want to make money have a Supper Bar, we hold the largest stock of fittings Rangers, Peelers Critters, &e. List and pvtieulara MABBOTTS% 71, Paradise at., Liverpool.

OVENS OVENS ! OVENS ! ! Bakers and Con- fectioners and Pork Butchers, we are in a nosition to offer you the simplest, cleanest, and most efficient and cheapest Oven on the market to-day. Ask for list and full particulars.—BlAßßOTTe', 71, Paradise at., Liverpool. OLT D Sliver-mounted Carving Set, containing beet quality 13 Knife, Fork, and Steel, in silk-lined case : Iyorine Handles direct from the manufacturers in Sheffield. thus saying middle profit:, sent carriage pail on receipt of 6s. 6d. —SWINPCOE, JENKINS k Co., Rosedale r. 1., Sheffield.

PRINTING CHHAP AND GOOD. J3MA-MAWR, Memorandums, Poatearde, Business Cards. 1000 or 4s. 6d. ; 500, 3s. 64. ; 230, 2e. 64.; 120 sheets notepaper with own addrese, Is. 6d. Private Christmas Cards (rem 25., °the work equally cheap.-1. SYKES, Printer, Mold.

UPRII FLUO US HAIR and Mt/LBS.—Perfected Blec- trolybis (by Mr. Parke's invention) supersedes all other systems in rapidity for permment destruction. The only method which never disappoints. By appointment only Stamped envelope to Mr. Rormar J. PARKES, 2, Church et., bouthport.

I ADIRS' TAILOR-11ACR COSTUMRS, 359. 6'. to 1 J measure : Plain Cloths, Lined through. Men tali-ra only employed. Made from bankrupt stock of cloths actually worth 579. 6d. Send for patterns and self-measurement toms ; satisfaction guaranteed. Scores of testimonials.-- JORDAN ZOo., Manufacturing Co9tumiers. Uppingham.

ti Auo6, o.f the t followingter rr lapost e 'Nazareth,' .a m2dLost p Sweet Genevieve,' Marguerite,' "Hie Diver,' • Ifxceislor.' ' Donawellen," Old Path." Only Tired," Over the Waver,' Full music size. best paper. List of 3,000 others at same rates —PAGET MUSIC Co., 165, Holland rd., Lcndor, W. BLANKETS BLA N KETS WHITR, full size, 303 pairs only ; most exceptional offer; size about 71t. by 51t.. some only a trifle soiled, be 9 roar, carriage 6d. este% ; or two pairs for 111. 3d., carriage Ed. extra.—Addreas ARTHUR PEARSoN, Blanket Facto-, 11, Oink it , Leicester.

I) A ZOBLESS Shaving Powder; inexpensive ; finest I depilatory known ; recipe 6d.--fiLsiLoa, 70, Prince st.. Bristol.

IVASSAGic taught comprising all Subjects; terms and _L prospectus —3II.9BAGE Smoot, 26, Ludgate Hill, :.ondon.

BUILDING MATH/dal,. largest S. H. sto...k London, everything lowest quotation.—iiicalssos, Wells st., Camberwell.

I.)ANK UPTIEVEI)CK of hawrlsomerlirk brown Fur Necklets- latest style, four tails; 2s. 64. eacb. plat free.—ROYLE Carlton, Worksop.

50,000 Latest Phonograch Records Riven away; send 3 stamps.—Duticsy, Factors, Thornham, Eye, Buffo' k.

rIOPPSP.--Absolutely pure, Ma. 2s. Bd. delivered.— " CART AGE" COFFEE Co., 4a, Paternoster square, London, P.O.

MO FISHMONGERS, etc.—Freeh and sprinkled herrtnits, 1 bloaters a speciality; write for prices.—.TonsisoN & YALLoP, Great Yarmouth.

TO TRADBSMEN.—When requiring window lettere,faaina or iigna of any kind, write for price. —DaviEs, 77 Raieigh rd., Horngey, N.

NTHW ZRALAND Greenstone CHARMS, suitable for 11 watch chains or bracelets, etc., 1. each post free.— HOYLE, Carlton, Work•op.

BLACK White, Grey or Brown Fur Necklets and Muffs, new and fashionable from 4s. each.—KEsrozr, Augustus rd., Hammersmith, London,

VLA.'3TIO STOCKING 2s. 6d., Leggings 2s. Zd., Knee- -I'4 caps 2s. each ; measurement form free.—NEw BRITISH RuRRER On, Lord St.. Southport.

MZT kNUFACTRI4RS' Autumn Sale, millinery, hosiery, underwear blouses, furs, drapery ; catalogue free.— SNADDON, BridlijOithgate, Nottingham.

IFE SIZE DOLL, 2s. ; size smaller, Is. 6d.; qulia unbreskable and baying large sale; p)st free.—F. POTTER. 265, Commercial rd., Portsmouth,

ULASTIO STOCKINGS. 21. 6d. ;Knee-Cap, 2s, !Rupert- 11',1 ea.:, Bandages, ls. each frnm Manufacturer—W. IL MADDOCK. Alfred st. South. Nottingham.

VOUR PHOTO Rnlarved, life size, from small photo, 9?. ; 1 oil Painted. 215., Handsomely Framed. —B. THoms?, 769, Oldham rd., Newton Heath; Manchester.

()YSTI9I/Fl, Whitstable natives, fresh daily, delilons flavour, certified pure. principal Medical Men ; 60 4s , 100 75., carriage paid.—Jorot FROST, Catford, Kent.

AGIO POLBMING MOTH, polishes silver and plat without powder or paste, tree P.O IC.—ANDREW, 27, Grosvenor rd.. Handsworth, Birmingham.

plain grounds. for scraps, from Ils . 6d. own 1.7 make ; beautifully decorated. Imports& 4 fold;, 12.. 6d. carriage paid.—doEts JacKsoN. Poulton-le-Fyide.

XTOTTINGHAM LACH.—Beautiful Duchess Sdt consisting 11 of Dressing Table Cover, 5 Mat*, ctrriage pald.—P.O. le. 9d. Joinutox, 228, Ilkeston rd., Nottingham.

TNORBASIC YOUR INCOME BY TRADING.—Send for I William Cotton's ss. parcel of Jewellery. Hosiery, Lace. Haberdashery. °vet-ans.—WEEKDAY CON, Nottingham, iTstablished 1848.

DR4BS WELL QI3IND for our Free patterns of Drees Materials ; finest end cheapest selection obt‘inable.—CHAßLES BENNETT an Co., Town End. Prarniey, Lewis.

100,000 6D. WHITR HRWSTITCHED RAND KRROFITRFS PRRFRCT. HALF OnST6FOR 1. SD. ORERN'3, STANSTED,

KNIFT4 OtALINING made easy with the '' Magic" knife cleaner. Simple, cinick, effctlye, 2d. free,Bazaars, Shopkeepers 7s. 6d. gross.—" !JAE= " tJ., Walton, Suff.)lk.

TRVIINTORS.-Why be floeced by Patent Agent.. We will give you gonulne advice. Send stamped alpressep ervelone to INVEN/OR'S INFORMATIOV BIIREdtI, lre, St. James's Square, Holland Park, London, W.

T ADT/N.-13rrgains in.:Underclothing an Corsets, (-tool fitting Corsets 3s. 6d and 4s. lid. Wear guaranteed. Two each Nightdresses, Knickers Cashmere Hose, 10s. 6d. post free.--Mrs. R. /loom 24, Half Morin lan., London, q.H,

A WAY TO INEERPHROHNO3.'—interesting pamphlet, 11. showing how, withlat risk, novernmAnt guaranteed %vestments of a few peands bring fortune of several thou- sand pounds, post fre,?.-33511 Ft AND Co.,Woodhouse,Shefneld

rIIGARETTIIS direct from manufacturer to c3n9umer, saving 50 per cent. ; box of 101 Virginia or Turkls% guaranteed flae,t quality baud-male ; 2s. bd. post free,— DRAPKIN, 61, Finsbury Pavenicnt, London, US'. (Please mention paper.)

B&BY WNW; by post, from makers, 50 articles ; ladies' unierwear ; send ss. or 7s. 6d. for one each night, chem, furl knickers; say if white, uobleached flannelette required ; money returned if not approved, - V AtrxmaND & Sow, LTD., Tiverton,

VALET wish to dispose or it gentleman's misfit West of Brutiand Tweed Overcoat, quite new, gauntlet cuffs; Italian cloth lining, beet quality, worth £4 4a., sacrifice 275. 6,1. Fend measurements to save trouble ; approval.-2, LEAMINGTON PARK VILLAS. Acton, London.

LixcEprioNAL Opportunitv. —Smart Ladies' neckwear ; IA newest French styles in Jahots, Froots, Ties, Scarves, etc.. in plain and fully Silks or [Ala Trimmed ; in fancy hoxes suitable for Xmas presents.--len I P.O. for la. Ed. 2s. 84., or 3g. 6d. foe assorted box to PARBEKXNE ImPlar Co, 2, City Buildings, Nottingham.

OHIN& GILT SlOOl7l/5, is. doz.; Earthenware Seeonds kJ from Bd. doz. ; Dinner. Tea, Toilet gare, great ya•iety ; Chapel, Church, Caterers supplied ; bvlge.l fare, hotels, schools; IGO doz. seconds sound articles £3, safely packed ; hawkers' crates nearly 1,030 art Hes 3s. 6.1. Cheapest In trade. Write for fr-e lists. —ARTIIUR J. Hum., Normacot Words, Longton, Staffs.

dflarbitierp, ttc.

O AND GAS ENGINSS, new; also g )od, sound, second V/ hand. from la to 40 brae horse power, for sal, cheap. —DEMPdTER, I.crgnort, Sr.rnArePt.

()N SALE, CORNISH BOILER, 30ft by sft. by Hough, Wigan ; Insured at 70th, pressure ; One Horizontal Steam Engine, 9in. cylinder; One Cameron Pump. One Wood-boring Machine. Also for Sale or Hire, One 8-h.p. Portnlile Engine and Buller and 6ft. Ziortar Mill.—Apply and F. LOMAX, Platt Brhigp, Wigan.

f T IS WORTH YOUR WHILIC to BUY YOUR LUBRI- -1 CANTS DIRECT. RIILIANCIII 111(.111-0LASi NON- COICIIOSIVK largest sale in the wor'd. NGINi OIL. CYLINDICR OIL MI., MACHINBRif OIL, 111 A., SPINCLII OIL 9t1., GAS hfiglfll4 OIL, Is. 6d., DYNAMO OIL, Is. 641. per gallon ;In barrels, free and elrria,ze paid.— RIRLIANCR LUBRICATING OIL CO VIPANY, 19 and 2I), Water lane, Great Tower et.. London, 11.0. Also 99, Great Clyde at., Glasgow; I,SanibilLQuayslde,ffewea9tle-on-Tyne.

pATENT OFF IO NIANOIIIIISTEIIi HSTABLISIIED IN 1835. Meson. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha • more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment.andpossesspracticalkno wiedefe of the ootton,woollen gni iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws." price Is. 'IBC/EMI DAVIES, 0.13.. & SON, P.1.P.A., 4. ST. ANN SSQUABB,ANORBSTfIR,

3nveistmentO, pttareq, Szt.

(\NE or TWO Provincial Homes House Purchase ki Certificates for Sale, £250 each. Both mature April, 19C8. £35 paid in each. Pries £.16 each.—MoOßE, 25, Albion rd., Fdllowfield, Manchester

Itottls, pporos, Zoarbing 00tab.

ROURNIMOUTH.—Kingswity Temperance Hotel, 12 Lansdowne rd., 3i minutes tea. Boarders from 255. ; central, comfortable, musical.—Mrs. ZwEN, Proprietress

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 a 71, RUSTON SQUARE. HONE CONTORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET; CENTRAL POE BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

SOUTH FORT. }JA YES' RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CH A PEL-STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN, CHOIR PARTIE 8, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS PRO)' ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

gpartments, furnilbeb 340u5e5, &I

SOUTHPORT.—Comfortable APARTNIEGRN ; close to promenade ; good coking ; moderate terms.—Mrs. Bann, 36, Bold st.

SOUTHPORT. —Comfortable APARTMENTS, public or private ; good sea view ; terms reasonable.—Mrs. FLETCHER, 10, Victoria at., Promemde. PARIS.—French 'family off-Ts comfortable *home ; near Bois Boulogne, for one or two young ladles; moderate terms.—SCHLATTEn, 77, Boulevard Exeelmans.

OUTHPORT.—HighIy recommended APARTPIB NTS , excellent cooking and attendance ; perfect home co nforts; good garden; moderate terma. —74, LORD ST.

sVAL VIRGINAL," Hongaercie, near Brussels, large commodious building, heAlthy situation. magnificent grounds. solid modern education, m wit., painting, terms 21 gne. ; references required. Kindly mention paper.

GARNETT'S NEW DEPARTMENT" to suit all classes. Call and look through the new premises adjoining the old show- rooms SANKEY STREET. GARNETT'S a

The Craminer *tries THE WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER is published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Pacigate, Lymrn, eze., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in nouth Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire Min RUNCORN EX &MINER, published every Saturday I I_ morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town land District, and offers the beat and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. TRH WIDNES EXAMINER, published every s'artuday morning. Whines contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. FIIHE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, 1. published every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Haydook. Lowton Ac. The district thus comprised is a most important put of the Lancashire coal fields THE ST. HELENS EXAtrnitC, pnblTsiced every Saturday morning ,circulating in St. Helens. Preston Parr, Sutton, Peasley Cross, &c.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID A DVERTISEIVENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOlJtili3 TO BR SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALE One Three Siz Thirteen Word.. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 93. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... ls. 10d. ... 3s. Od, 51. Od 36 ... Is. Od. Es. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 6s. CA. 45 ... is. 3d. ... 3s. id. ... ss. Od. ... 7s. Cd. 54 ... Is. Bd. ... 3.. Bd. ... 6., Od. Od

Death .of Miss M. Greening. - St. Clement's Debating Society. We much regret to announce the death on Monday Mr. J. Lockett presided at .the weekly meeting of evening of Miss May Greening, the only daughter of this Society which was held the other evening in the Have Mr. and Mrs. Linneeus Greening, Fairlight, Grappen- schoolroom, Bank-street. There was a good attend- _ you seen the man with the bucket? He has ' hail. Miss Greening, who was in her 21st year, had ance. This being " Question Night," a very interest- ueen busy in Town Hall Ward this week rubbing Page. off the walls and gable-ends. As lie Rural District Council. been ill for a considerable time, but the news of her ing programme was gone through, some of the 4` Rogers X" 2. "A Strange Wedding," by Christian Lys. death brought sorrow into a very large circle of questions creating good discussions. The chief was paid for the trouble of removing the inscription, friends. The funeral took place on Thursday at subjects were "Socialism," "Dancing," "Temper- WeSlate Co. v. Warren. presume smite:me was paid for putting it on! Grappenhall Church, the Rev. H. V. Pigot conducting ance," "The Railway Crisis,'. "Sunday Closing of 3. Liberal meeting at Grappenhall. o the service. The deepest sympathy is felt with Mr. Shops," "The Church Lads' Brigade,' and "The a es Women's Chat and Fashions. The militant suffragettes at Batley on Thursday ean iling_ seemed very much annoyed with Mr. Harcourt Science Notes. d Mae. Greening in their great loss. Running of Trams On Sunday." , mev.ss_ 6. The Social Question: Sermon by Rev. S. Pitt. Thewlis' Charity. ' Penny Popuar Concerts. r- .i.a a few minutes, however, they were not only Warrington Matrimonial Scandal.' ' A hundred 'people attended at the headquarters of There was another crowded attendance at the annoyed but "put out." A Warringtonian in Canada. * * the Charitable Investigation Society on Monday to fourth of the series of concerts which took place in * There was one statement which Mr. Fieldhouse, the 7 Football, apply for blankets and warm clothing distributed the Bold-street Wesleyan Schoolroom on Saturday I . • Popular The Free Churches. under the terms of the will of the late Alderman Shaw evening, under the presidency of Mr. J. Upson. The 'With • captain of the Warringt m Cycling Clubenade 1 concert, as usual, proved to be highly enjoyable and particular pride at the dinner on Thursday Thewlis on the anniversary of his death. The number successful. The songs given by Misses Garnett Ball he evening. It was that at the bazaar and fete in aid of the The Coming Events. and necessities of the applicants were more than c •uld be relieved by this worthy charity, but Mrs. Harrison, and Leicester, and Messrs. Greenough and George, i The Wycliffeel3.S.A. Society will hold an open meet- -1,11 Infirmary extension . }sae , 3'those enterprising wheelers who. . in whose hands the distribution practically lies, u merge of the " cocoanut shies" suocebded in . , • mg at 3 p.m. to-morrow when Mr. Cauncillor Ball will greatlypleasedM the audience. r. Moss gave some making £.5 out of ss. worth of cocoanuts! 1 preside and the speaker will be Mr. F. Lord (Man- i cheater). distributed a large quantity of clothing from the excellent violin solos, and Mr. Ditchfield caused much amusement with his humorous selections. • The R so o Rev. r. each, speaking at the autumnal . D L'- I A public debate under the auspices of the National stores of the Charitable Investigation Society: The Mayor, who takes great interest in these useful institu- Junior Conservative Debating Society. meeting of the Service League will take place in the Co-operative tions, attended. that in 0 e London Congregational Union, asserted Hall on Monday November 18•11. The subject for ' The second meeting of the present winter session at in three of the most important b companies • e ' • s'• brewery d b Lancashire Federation of P.S.A S. lof the Junior Conservative Debating Society was held the shareholders included - j debate is Does universal training as propose y I the National Service League tend towards the pro- The annual report of the Lancashire and Neigh- -4 Dukes.i bourinee Counties P.S A . . Federation shows that there 'on Monday evening. In the absence of the. President motion of peace?" The Rev. W. G. Edward Rees, (Councillor J. Fulton-Smith) the chair was taken by ; 42 Peers. are 60 associations in the Federation, representing 17 Earls. vicar of Pendleton, will speak in favour of the Mr. Edward Draper. Mr. W. Chriaaes gave a paper ' between 30,000 and 40,000 members. The financial question and Mr. Charles Stevenson, secretary of the in which he strongly advocated Protection, Tariff 5 Viscounts. statement shows a balance in hand of klB 17s. 6d. At i Manchester District Peace and Arbitration League, • reform and Colonial Preference. A long debate 81 Baronets ° a meeting of the Council held on Saturday, the I followed in which Messrs. J. Broadhurst, G. Wilson will take the negative. . following officers were elected : —President, Rev. Fred I T. Wilkinson, H. Taylor, G. N. Vernon, J. Dodd, P. L. 31 Knights. The annual sale of work in connect ' ioa with Emmanuel Church will be held in the Church Hibbert (Blackburn); 1 Ice-Presidents,Mr. A.. Knowles' El gar, E . And rews, and the chairman took part. 106 Honourables. (Stockport), Mr. J. Mackintosh (Oldham), Mr. S. Porter Institute, Knutsford-road, on, Wednesday, Thursday Whalley R. M.Jtalian (Burnley); . (Bolton), and the Rev. ' Protecting the Children, and Friday next. Treasurer Mr. J T. Henderson (Oldham) ; Secretary, Another of the penny popular concerts will be held Mr. W. D. Jeans, jun. (the local hon. secretare for Mr. Stank' F. Jarvis (Farnworth). A committee of in the Bold-street School to-night. Particulars e ' Y• d f • f Lancashire. I • the Prevention of Cruelty to Children) roports as lo was appointe or various parts o t follows : —The Warrington and District Branch of the advertised, was decided to hold the next meeting at Accrington. National Society for the Prevention- of Cruelty to Lawson Contract. nOULTON TOILET WARE and Dinner Sets. See Children has, during the quarter ended 30th Sep- The arbitration proceedings in connection with this Windows.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, tember, inquired into 69 complaints of neglect, t Adv. contract concluded on Thursday, the arbitrator (Mr. Warrington.— ill-treatment, and other wrongs of childhood, of which G. Hill) reserving his decision. The Late Mr. H. P. Brierley. all were found to be true, affecting 210 children and The remains of the late Mr. H. P. Brierley, head 90 offenders. Action was taken as 'follows : Sixty The Congo Atrocities. . clerk in the office of the Borough Surveyor, who corn- cases were warned, 9 were prosecuted (convicted 5), At the request of the Bishop of the diocese the • hop mitted suicide on Tuesday in a train while travelling and 4 were otherwise dealt with. The Society's Congo atrocities were strongly denounced from the between Warrington to London, were interred on inspector's made 394 visits of supervision. pulpit,, on Sunday, at many of the Anglican churches Saturday morning at Highgate Cemetery, London. For FINEST IRISH EGGS try ASHLEY'S.—Advt. of Warrington. Among those present were the j M widow, r. Burgess Girls and Home Life. (father-in-law), Mr Burgess, jun. (brother-in-law), speaking at a meeting for girls held in connection Mayor at Church. three brothers of the deceased, and Mr. T. Longdin, - The Mayor (Alderman Smethurst) and members of withD' wi the Diocesan Conference at Southport on Monday, ICE borough surveyor of Warrington. The service the Corporation will attend service at St. Paul's Church both' • h chapel d 'the f late an at graveside was o a Canon Morley Stevenson (principal of the Warrington Training College) dwelt on the subject of happiness. on Sunday morning, particularly impressive character, the widow being Girls at the present day were entering into so many Wycliffe Young People's Society, deeply affected. The coffin was almost hidden fro things which the girls of former days knew view by the wreaths which had been forwarded by nothing The weekly meeting of this Society, which promises about that they felt home was too narrow, and they y sorrowing relatives and friends. missed the games and corporate life of the school. evening in the Memorial Hall, OinGauld in the chair to have a very successful session, was held on Monday All g dgTh ft f e e e o Brass. While there was a great deal in that with which he The programme was devoted to the reading of papers 1 Two Warrington Youths named Abel Smith, Bostock- could sympathise, the great place for a girl's work by Messss. T. Wallingt m and Parr and the Misses street, and George Ellis, Elizabeth-street, were corn- was her own home. In unselfish service for others ' Brown and Watson on" How we spent our holidays," mitted to the Liverpool Quarter Sessions on Tuesday they would find their greatest happiness. descriptions being given of the different places visited. on a charge of housebreaking. It was stated by Mr. For .PLAIN & SMOKED BACON try ASHHEY'S. —Ad vt. The papers proved very enjoyable, and a pleasant F. G. Taylor, who prosecuted, that the two prisoners Lancashire County Council Scholarships. 4. were charged with stealing a quantity of brass, valued evening was spent. at £6 95., between Friday night and Saturday morning The Education Committee of the Lancashire County " The Dream of Gerontius." , from: Messrs. Pearson and Knowles' Ironworks, Council announce a new series of scholarships and The first subscription concert of the season in con- Bewsey. Shortly after midnight on Friday the exhibitions for 1908. 'These include for elementary nection with the Warrington Musical Society will be prisoners Were seen on the premises near the brass- school subjects 250 junior exhibitions and 100. open held in the Parr Hall on Tuesday, November 26th, moulding shop, which was securely fastened at seven junior exhibitions; for candidates intending to become when Sir Edward E!gar's " Dream of Gerontius " will o'clock. The next morning the shop was discovered pupil teachers, 450 exhibitions ; for secondary school be presented, preceded by Schubert's "Unfinished to have been broken open, both locks having been subjects, 35 senior exhibitions (value £2O per year for . Symphony." The soloists will be: Miss Gertrude smashed. Information was given to the police, and two years) and 15 scholarships (value £6O per year for Lonsdale (mezzo-soprano), Mr. Alfrel Heather (tenor), prisoners were arrested at their respective homes on three years) ; for art, 10 exhibitions and three scholar- Mr. Fowler Burton (bass). The plan will be opened Monday morning. A search was made at Ellis's ships; for music,five exhibitions and two scholarships; at Mr. It. H. Pearson's music warehouse, Bridge-street, house, and in the back yard, buried under the soil, the agriculture, cotton technology, and calico printing to subscribers on Wednesday next and to the general brass was found. Bath prisoners subsequently being also liberally treated. The special scholarships public on the following Saturday. admitted their guilt, for women are two scholarships for domestic economy For PURE PORK SAUSAGES try ASHLEY'S.—Advt. I (value £6O, and tenable for three years) and five Madame., Ada Crossley's Visit. 1 scholarships for midwifery (value £3O). . . Injured in a Warrington Train. On Thursday the 21st inst., Madame Ada Crossley 1 ' TABLE, FLOOR AND HANGING LAMPS. New A unique action against the London and North- and her party will give their concert in the Parr Hall. ,Designs now showing.—J, S. GARLAND., 51, Bridge- MadameC f Western Railway Company .or damages was eon- street, Warrington.—Adva Crossley's reputation is world-wide, and the 1 " I eluded at the Manchester Assizes ip Tuesday. Mr. Band of Hope Union. visit of the distinguished contralto, whose splendid voice and refined style have gained her the highest 1 i Schofield, of Blackpool, a commercial traveller, was a During this week special meetings have been held passimger in a London and .North-Western train from in position on the concert platform, will be heartily ' in various centres of the Warrington Band of Hope Warrington to Wigan. This train met an exprese,an welcomed by all lovers of music. MiS3 Evangeline Union when addreeses have been given by Mr. as the express passed, a missile came through the Florence, Mr. John Harrison, Mr. Hamilton Earle, Mr. Weston, lecturer of the Lancashire and Cheshire Band ; window of the carriage in which the plaintiff was Percy Grainger, and Mr. Sametini, who are associated of Hope Union, who is visiting the district. On . travelling and cut his face badly. His case was that with Madame Crossley in this tour, are all artistee ofMonday evening Mr. Weston ' addressed a large a piece of coal was dislodged from the tender of 'the distinction, and for all round excellence the party is gathering of members and workers in Wycliffe Hall, express engine and that particles of. coal were found one of the strongest which has appeared in the town and similar gatherings were held on Tuesday in lin the wound. For the company it was contended for some years., Friars' green Schoolroom, Wednesday' in Taewlis- that no coal could have came from the tender, street Schoolroom,' Thursday in -Howley Temperance " Right for Her Christmas Dinner." that the injury was caused probably through and the Hall, and Friday in. Bold-street Wesleyan Sohool. At the Borough Police Court on Monday Margaret throwing of a bottle or some other object. The jury Besides the experimental addresses by Mr Weston a Palmer, Stanley-street, was charged with riotous found for the company, but added a rider recom- good selection of limelight views had been thrown on behaviour in Mersey-street on Saturday night.—The mending that as an act of grace some reasonable corn- the sheet, making the meetings most enjoyable as well Clerk:' Would you like to ask the officer (P.C. Fish) pensation should be awarded to the plaintiff I as instructive. any questions ? —Prisener : I would like to have two 1 PUBLIC BENHFIT.—,UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST PETROLEUM OIL IN BARRELS and Drums rounds with him. (Laughter.) —The Mayor: If you ROOTS IN LA.NCA.SHIRE.—Advt. delivered free. Ask prices.—J. S. GARLAND, iron- don't behave yourself we shall have to put you in the compensation for Widow and Son. monger, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. cells. —Prisoner: I wouldn't waste my breath on him. 1 At the Warrington County Court on Thursday. Boy Shopbreaker Charged' —The Chief Constable stated that prisoner only came i before his Honour Judge Shirese Will, K.C., Mr. F. G. At the Borough Police Court on Thursday, a fifteen- out- of gaol on Friday after doing a month. There ' Taylor, solicitor (lessrs. Henry G-reenall and Co) year-old-boy named :Reginald Gorton, residing with were seven previous convictions against her, and she I mentioned the case of Mary Emily Thornton, 90, his parents at Knutsford-road, Warrington, was was a thoroughly bad woman. —Prisoner : I would , Greenall-street, widow of Joshua Thorntou boiler-,. remanded on a charge of shopbreaking. —The Chief sooner do six months than a month.—The Bench corn- I imaker. He explainedTh that °mem was killed at Constable stated that the boy was formerly in the mitted her for three months' hard labour.—Prisoner. : 'Hammersmith whilst in the employ of Messrs. Pearson employ of Mr. John Sutton, furnisher, Market-street, Thank you. lam right for my Christmas dinner. 1 d anKnowles, Warrington, in September. The whose premises on Wednesday weentered dth .re an e (Laughter.) Prisoner was then removed below using respondentshad 'd over 1972 18 ld this t - • ,paid r e s. ~ is amount sum of 6s. in cash stolen. A special watch was kept violent language. being agreed to by the parties. The only point his by Mr. Sutton, jun., in consequence of previous Palace and Hippodrome. Honour had to decide was as to how the money should robberies. Abont half-past ten a noise was heard in be apportioned. The widow and a boy aged fourteen The patrons of this place of amusement have been the back kitchen, and on proceeding there, the boy delighted with the highly interesting and varied pro- ' ; years were the only dependents. The boy was was found standing over the till. The money, which gramme submitted this week. The Bros. Egbert score apprenticed to a hairdresser, and he (Mr. Taylor) had been previously. placed there for the purpose of ; asked that should be invested for him until he a great success in the original sketch "The happy . h £4O h attained detection, was missing. For, some time numerous e age o dustmen," introducing some clever knockabout ined the 21 years; £4O to be paid forth- articles had been missed. When arrested the boy with to the widow; and the balance at the rate of business and tumbling feats. Lillie Soutter,admitted that he had taken a large sum of money, comedienne, sings in the Lancashire dialect about her £l. 10s. a month. That would carry the money untiland had given it to his stepmother. The latter being visit to London and creates unbounded merriment. A Ithe boy was 21 yeirs of age.—His Honour, in agreeing called by the magistrates, said she received a port ion sensational turn is provided by the' "Three demons "to the cause propose, said under d that d the Act of last of the money. The magistrates thereupon adjourned in their daring act Racing the devil's table in mid year the boy could apply to the Court again if any the case until to-day in order that the police might, air." Lalie Brooke, an accomplished quick-change i contingencies occurred, and that would safeguard all make further inquiries. artiste, presents her original seena, " Girls past and interests. ._ _ . __ . lb ASHLEY'S Sankey St --kdvt WHITE CHEESE 6d. rer .„ y . , PUBLIC BENEFIT—UNDER TIM CLOCK FOR I3EST present." " Torn Stuart is a dramatic and burlesque W pr • • artiste of more than ordinary merit, and his sketches P.S A • BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—AdVt. of Uriah Heep, from Dickens's "David Copperfield,"i The meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A. Society on Parish Church Sale of Work. and of Gaspard, the miser among the gold, from" Les Sunday was presided over by Mr. Joseph Garner, who The Parish Church Fate of work at Fairfield Girls' Cloches de Corneville " are very realistic. Dandy , urged the members to tell others of the good they had School.was brought to a successful close on Saturday, George and his dog " Rosie " give an exceptionally received at these meetings. Mr. Brimelow, of-Man- the total proceeds amounting to £260. Further done - pleasing item ant! Bert Coote's "Yankee Doodle cheater, gave an eidress upon " Lessons from the life tions are expected. In re-opening the sale in the Girls" sing and dance very acceptably. of Joseph" or" From slavery to chancellor." Joseph afternoon, Mr. Charles White said the new Church was afflicted, and suffered much, yet was obedient and Institute had a pleasant sound to him, as it called to Show of Cage Birds. • . faithful to his. parents and brothers. Ffnally his mind scenes of auld long syne. Tha institute of fifty The twelfth annual show promoted by the Warring- reward came, and he was; honoured and promoted years ago put out as its claims to public support a ton and District Cage Bird Society was opened at the because of his fidelity to duty and to his God. Mr. good reading room and library, a strong chess club, Drill Hall yesterday and attracted some of the -finest Pimlet took part in the meetiag. The brethren and a discussion class, which at one time had a great exhibits in the country. The entries numbered nearly instructed the secretary te write letters of sympathy reputation, and one in which he had taken part in 700, an advance of about 50 on last year. Mr. A. and condolence to the families of the late Mr. H. 0. many a rousing debate. He hoped the new one Hirst, Accrington, and Mr. C. Houlton, St. Helens, Pickton, Lovely-lane, and the late Mr. A. Williams, would be carried on, on much the satne lines acted as judges. The most pleasing feature of the both of whom bad been members of the Society.—An He read in .one of the newspapers a report of the show is that local exhibitors held their own. The open meeting of the Buckley-street Society 'was held parochial meeting in its favour, where one of the chief winoers include : —Canaries : Mr. W. R. IOR Sunday. t•There was a large gathering of members speakers expressed a hope that some rich than would Knowles, Earlestown. Mule classes: Mr. j. D. 1 and friends. Mr. J. Jarman presided, and an inspiring pay off the difference between the amount obtained by Leigh, Warrington. British. birds: Mr. j. W. address was delivered by Mr. B. Richardson, of subscription and the actual cost of the building. He Bower, of Warringten. The prize given by the editor i Liverpool. Mi4s Alice Bridge's fine contralto voice did not think that it was likely to happen. -Their of "Cage Birds" for the best bird in the, show was I was heard to advantage in a couple of solos. Miss M. local millionaires might not have the wealth, but they won by Mr. Leigh with a green finch—bull finch Plinston acted as accompanist and the afternoon's certainly had not the disposition of Mr. Carnegie, and hybrid, Mr. Bower teeing third. Messrs. Hyde's prize lesson was read by Mr. J. Knowles. hence the necessity of raising the amount required by for the best bird shown by a novice was won, by Mr. Ancient Order of Foresters. their own exertions.—Counciller Craik proposed a vote j. Potter, of Warrington. • On Monday a meeting of Past Officers Society of the of thanks in very laudatory terms to the opener. and Warrington District was held at the Masons' Arms, Councillor Looker seconded, and the Rev. G. A. P.D.C.R. Bro. Peter Peacock presided, and amongst Lejeune suppSrted and it was carried by the officials were : P.D.C.R. Bros. Chrimes. Hill, acclamation. Thornley, James and H Maybury ; S.D.C.R. Trustee " IlneLnD " KITCHEN RANGES and " Peveril " Bro. Walsh, P.C.R.'s Wilding, Baines, Jeans and Fire Grates are unsurpassed—lnspection invited. Williamson.—An interesting paper was read by, the J. S. GARLAND, 51, 55, Bridge-street, Warrington, 1 Deputy-Chairman, D.C.R. Bro. Walter Smith, on the —Advt. Friendly Societies Conference, which was held at Animated Pictures at the Parr Hall. I Cardiff in October last. He explained that Societies Mr. Sydney Carter's New Century pictures rank representing three million members possessing nine- deservedly high in the estimation of Warrington teen millions of capital seat delegates. He stated an audiences and the reason is not far to seek. The emphatic protesteagainst the delay on the part of the entertainment is refined, instructive, amusing and Government in dealing with that bill to amend the thoroughly up-to-date and cannot fail to give pleasure. Friendly Societies Act and intimated that the Friendly The company opened a fortnight's engagement at the Societies should consider it necessary to be Parr Hall on Monday evening and their high repute- directly represented by members in the House of tion has sufficed to draw large and appreciative Commons, if the Government did not acknowledge audiences. Ansexceptionally meritorious programme the Societies. He asked what claims had the Friendly is submitted, one of the most striking features being Societies upon the Government? From particulars a fine series of pictures of the magnificent Victoria prepared for the Royal C aninission on the Poor Law, Falls on the Zambesi River. The surrounlings are 32 Societies had a membership and funds, as above wild and romantic in the extreme and the mighty and distributed in one year £2,313,000 in sickness volume of water descending a tremendous distance and funeral benefits, in addition to relief grants in presents an awe inspiring spectacle. Another notable cases of distress. The neglect of the Government to set depicts the International Horse Show at Olympia. proceed with the Bill to amend the Friendly Societies London, and their Majesties the Kings and Queens of Act of 1893 was incomprehensible. Nearly two years England and Denmark are seen paying their State visit. ago the Bill was promised to be put on the Statue The name of Carl Hagenbeek is world-famous and Books by Mr. Runciman on behalf of the Government. great interest is taken in the splendid views of his Bro. Smith also commented upon the exception from remarkable wild animal park at Hamburg. The Income Tax, suelaesting powers should be obtained enterprise of the New Century proprietors is further for the trustees of Friendly Societiesalie same as those evidenced by a picture of that ocean leviathan the possessed by building societies with regard to the Lusitania about to sot sail from Liverpool. There is issue of certificates securing exemption from the ply- a host of humorous subjects, some of the most enter- mlnt of income tax on interest chargeable on mortgage. taming being " Catch that R.";fl," " The story of an The attitude of the Friendly Societies with respect to arm chair " an 1 "A. M blern Dn. Juan," which Old Age Pensions was also folly gone into, and after create greot merriment. The entertainment is an instructive disCusslon on the paper Bro. Walter t organized and directed by Mr. Francis D. Sunderland, Smith was thanked for his address, to which he I the . acting manager being Me. J. Mob. A. special suitably replied. show for the benefit of school children will be given For Chronic Chest Complaint, Woods' Great this afternoon, and for next week an entire change of Peppermint Cure.—Advt. programme is announced.

See that You Get Chas,, _FentE'S 1113 e !nails far I,3IriotiSUP3SS. Tha Kind You f!;ve ALWAVS Bo:Ight. ------7:-- _ - --, O,IA‘SLES Fo ~-./ o v. -4'''c.• , )/ . (Trade Mark) C -, • -,,..0. ~,- . t tt,.. e-e,` • .-- , ',; . • 0„,,,,, 4 , \ .• 4... ...01,1 , 4., 0......5..ai, , 5.:..... , .a•-•-e 6 -. .. ' -Pi CURE • AIE DA CHE, INDIGESTION, CONST/F'ATION it , , i, DEBILITY; FEMALE WEAKNESSES, PILES, ' DIZZINESS , SALLOW COMFLEXIi7NS, PIMPLES AND ALL LIVER & STOMACH rßoast.ff s . t,• 4 llill 1 11,. %`• .7,,. , Re 1/1i Los 3 -rirv,"---_, NI 1111'';', \ •-•-.. V 'ls4 1.1 ki;", , , .:..y.: . aILS q . Jt- 'y :...111Flottlivicksfscs - ir / . 'wily wor

n g Triublese There is positively nothing. equal to Angier's Emulsion for the relief and cure of coughs, bronchitis and all lung affec- tions. It not only soothes and heals the throat, lungs and air- passages, but it keeps the digestive organs healthy, and has a wonderful invigorating in- fluence upon the general health. N lER'S EMULS a'. N (Petroleum with Hyoophosphites.) Of Chemists, 1/li, 219 and 4/6, A TYPICAL TESTIMONIAL 17 Hessle Mt., Headingley, Leeds. Dear Sirs,—l have derived more relief from Angier's Emulsion than from any other medicine I have taken, and I would like to recommend it to all who sufter from affections of the throat, lungs, or chest. Several of my friends to whom I have recom- mended it have derived great benefit and thanked me for ' bringing it to their notice. 14, (Signed) •W. TAYLOR. A FREESAMPLE n on receipt of 3d. postage. ANGIERCHEMICALCO- -32 Snow Hill, London, E.C.

4111-11f-l', EEF TEAll:g;at'aut?ibe'a - add!tions. A Breakfast Cup for a lde pimos & Noma

L '4, . ..-,10.. 0, • 1 e ~• -4 - An excellent Food, admirably adapted • .0( to the wants of infants and youns persons." ~,..,. 4,.. —Stn. CHARLES A. CAMERON, 4..... lir. , /1/41.D.. Professor of Chemzstry, R.C.5.1., Medical k: ...'0 • ~, Officer of Health for Dublin, ~ ~ i PURVEYORS BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO 11.1. M. THE EIIPRI:SS OF RUSSIA. ' 4 #4s3llr-ZO(le, . . ''.i•-* .r. "?'" ''''2;irt:7•-'''''4.:,... '4'''' • .. . . ,

Dr. BAKER'S BACKACKE PELLETS Are a new remedy, which have a 'marvellous effect in curing Backache, Lumbago, Gout., Rheu- matism, Sciatica, and all diseases of the Kidneys, Sm. If you suffer,take one pellet three times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses you will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain of Backache Scc. A Suffezer says :—" I obtained quick relief from a terrible backache after taking a few doses of Dr. Baker's Backache Pellets. Write at once enclosing 12 stamps for one box or 33 stamps for 3 boxes to Price 1 DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE . 1/1-1. Co., 03, NELSON SQUARE, SOUTHWARK, LONDON, S.E.

4 w 1 LK .• ‘‘ ilighesr of

FOOTBALLS Given away weekly. lib.re Every competitor receives something.

_ .... _ . _ _ , , / --- / 7 1. '1 ODDS: , KIDNEY - PILLSs: As'" sf / 4 re it EUMATISSiS.,PiC'cO, O tt, tioGIIIT's DISCACI% rdtdf i lABETES•e' roggi 11l THE DoDDS,2IO:OV6' c 23, FARR.—or. ' LOND

MERRYWEATHER ON WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION OF County Mansions ; Experts sent to all parts to Report on Existing Arrangements. Write for Pamphlets Merryweather & Sons 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

t 9 , :oddar s Plate' ow-ter rw Caruing Si Iver Eleetro Plate.le sold everywhere 1k 2/15a 4ka.

EARN BIG MONEY as an Electrical lor Mechanics! Fug!neer. We train you by post for a good p •sition in the hiecsrical world or for Electric Light and Power. Motor Car or I ratnway work. 110 tic free from Electrical Engineer • Institute. 413, Norwich House, Southsnspton Street. Holborn . London. ,

Trig VI ANT OF THE DAY. CRITCHLEYS STARCH GLOSS No More SOFT LINBN iwhen &voted ..I used in the Royal Laundries. Should be sled In every house. ONCE TRIED, ALWAYS TRIED. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKIT NEW. . The greatest boon ever offered to the I eundiets for imparting an Ivory Finis, sze to Starched linen. Laces. etc. It dors not stick to spider-web like materials. 1' • Sold by Grocers, Chemists. Stores, etc In ack.ts at ld.,Zd., and 6d. each. PREPARED BY T. CRITCHLEIr, (11FMIFT BLACKBURN. Bow IS is THAT" CLARIC)t'S BLon) P4lxTrritE. Wks obtained soon a great popularity" is ii question which has perp'exed many. The answer is, that it is unglesti,lnahly the fiaest 131c04 Pu.ifier that *den,. and meal at skill has brought to light. Thousands of wonderful cures have bee's eff,sted by It, Fur eorotutt. Scurvy. lICZA us, Skin and Blold Diseases Bad Lev., Pimples ant Sore) or iii hinds. ant tff sc's ,rs marvellous. Sold evcrYwhere at. Is 9d. p..sr bttls, bar* %•8 of wol-t•iles: lin tati.m. an! subs Rates --,..stvt 2. L/ListlEß'S 11 41 PILLI are wars anted to cure. In env s sex, all 50401re4 ter constitutional disr.harges from hi• Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. ',roe frost Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 45. each, of all ettmists and Patent Medicine Vendors thron:l on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the maktrs. It. Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Linooln. Advt. To MoTBERs.—Mrs. WINEILOw'S St.othlng Syrup has bee. used for tyer fifty years by millions of moth-re flr theti childrox while teeti.ing, with perfect success. It will relievs the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; produces natuarl quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pe.ls and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a buttiaa " all Chemists Is. led, per bottle.— Advt.

LAD umlE5 a—BEWARE I FROST, COLD WINDS & HARD WATER soun spoil your SKIN ANp COMPLEXION. i-4 : . -o,.:'' BEETHAM'S,; 199 Rep I ,ii. .„0.:? ...2, ~ 'I A'. f. t ' 4r, . ' ' 75.4 • -ft .?:••• :t .• 1, 0 is, however, a Sure safeguard against thoir ill effects. A little used after washing will KEEP THE SKIN SOFT AND SMOOTH ALL THE YEAR ROUND. 1 i Ect!le.s. u.,25. 6,1. of all Chemists 674 Stores. M. Beetham & Son. Cheltenham. _ i .-4 .4rv9 ..a. A 'f' 1 I It 4:. '1- A:' * 4. ..... . - ..,„ ~ 44.4 ..,- „ „, ... -„,..., ..7 440 ..,7...' r, , lk. ' . .. J.,#' , To , , ,:: . 2il. 4' A, C ; 4re : # ,I. nod distir . S,',. .:_,-.- river, and • V all such enact ~••• of Dr. SCOTT'S .-i All ailments , .used by of'• Aach and -s •-! ~: inuou ,:s _IION, LOS: ' OF AT ..TIII .4STIPA- TION, :D L. iSITUDE • , . have a complete anti- - dote in Dr. Sk!ott's • • # :,' :' ='' ,Ar Pills. 0 / .., Obtainable. at . - . • all Chemists - and Stores. •-•, - In squ, greets packs lii4 and 219 per . ~.

Dcctors know ilia valce of TABLETS cases .t of .ifndiciesti.en of IRON Ø7 " The Doctor's Word." A dainty Aluminium Pocket Packet of 50 Tablets for Is. If your chemist has not got them, they will he sent post tree on receipt of One Shilling by the Iron-Ox Remedy Co. Ltd., 20, Cockqpnr Street. London, S.W.

Are you Bothered by Biliousness Many people are. It is a very common form of liver trouble, and a very unpleasant one, involving sick-headache, nausea, dizziness, and often complete prostration during an attack. When you are bilious you require something that will effectively stimulate the liver and give speedy relief, and there is no better medicine for this purpose than IJA 1111 .7 • , tr •;r4 er.a because they act directly on the congested organ, regulate the flow of bile and carry off all impurities. But the good effects of Beecham's Pills are not only confined to the regulation of the liver. The complexion improves, the dark circles under the eyes disappear, the head clears, and the general health is renewed. Beecham's Pills are purely vegetable .and a safe medicine for man, woman, and child. Take them as directed whenever there is need to Exercise the Liver. Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1/11- (56 pills) Ei 2;9 (168 pills).

1 i ON THE WI4VE 9' POPULARITY THE' COFFEE . ANYBODY ,ciflN t.. 4 ._..,._ -- MAKE'. - ~ -,__• - 7-`3*. t,r's7i. - ~,,,,,,, -,, --,- • -„,...... .4 • .4.... 'i-' ' ..,,,,,, —.> ..,__ `..i, .-, • - * '7*"-it,.. `'. -,,,,,,,, - ..., :*1.... '• 7 . '''' 1 ..!, ''; , .. ''‘*'? t.,'' •-•_•%", 1,----,• .*.. , .4., ":. *.• •; : '7. a ' ..", !--• ',.; : Al ly i,..... ' -.....-,- • ...::. --,---. .....4-epr-- If f-,;'• 4 -'• ..,...071.. ,-. ~... -_,''' 0-.1,,"---.---- -z .•: - -'---- - _......... • -.-- e47-1.1—,-1-7,-- -.4'4, •• -- , • • ""..?-.- s- '.'

Unequalled for the Cure of Back. OSBORNE'S le' Pains in tle Loins, Bright's Disease, Irregular Action of the BACKACH E Excretory Organs, Rheumatism, ravel,Droofpsßy d l°°da , Giddiness, & KIDNEY Poorness n every ill PILLS. callused by weak and Ailing Kidneys. They net like MAGIC. Speedy Relief and Cure. Send to-day. Testimonials daily. Price 1/li, 9/9, and 9/6 per box, post free. OSBORNS'S FRUIT CONSTIPATION & LITER PILLS. Act like a charm, without Griping Never fails to Cure. Sold by all Chemists price 1/14, *9, and 4/4 post free, or frOni Tax Osnoznx Davis Minicimx 00., 24 Mathew Street, Liverpool.

--tr-2-EM•k'' Old 'English Remedy for 'Eczema ...,..; ..,; -; . 4„.• and other skin coinpleinta,_. %3 ~,. ~. , , . , ~. ~.. .. ~. •,:i'.: years' unfailing success. Nod . . 11 obitinate eases completely cured. • Pea fret, 2/6. We• alto pre :RHEU,,,/015P.1. spec:al oioanient, invaluable for '' Sel TICA--, hmuniattem, Sciatica, Sprains, , ; 4, ; •• 44 Bo Is, and Carban,les. Post ... • : , .. „.. . ...;.*... free, Lig or 9/d. Sampla of .. *SPRAINS culler ointment, post tr., U.— .. .- . Dk.PT. C., DERMATHEO• 00.. CROY. ON.

NOW'S THE TIME!! To send for onr Catalogue of TALKING agt'llk RECORDS!! MACHINES. (1!" V ALL THE LATEST $ lALL PRICES, BONGS, BANDS, ALL MAKER. DANCES, &C. . , 9d. and Is. AccEssonas. 4:51° ' BRIDGE & CO., 92 CHANCERY LANE, LONDON._

MATROZONE Ensures SAFE and NATURAL ACCOUCHEMENT. Healthy children. Marvellous recovery of mother. Your chemist can obtain it, or post freo 5/6.—Send stamp for Free Booklet to VIANOZONX Co. (Dept. 18), North ::hields, England.

REMEDIAL SPECIALITIES. URIC ACID AILMENTS.—Duration and stub- bornneFs of no consequence. • Victa ' removes Rheumatism, Gout, Backache, Lumbago, Sciatica, and especially— Eczema, Is. 4d. post free. Caltus ' destroys Neuralgia, Headache, Toothache, and Catarrh. Both of speedy action and of inviting form, is. lc/. post free. Plain directions for use. CLARKE, 59 Regent Street, London, W When heart and brain are tired, eyts A) • and nerves faint and siok, stomach out .qo of order, liver and kidneys sluggish, medicine is no good! Yon are smoking I,V, et too much! Throw away the medicine and .10T4 Stop smokinv. My course of treatment XllO, will cure the habit and save your moneir. P.O. 2i,or stamp for partkulirc A. P. ll's. 115 John Bright Strout, Birwingliant. • E7' "

Your ASTHMA is CURABLE ! ! ! REt, .1F , 7011 lIBLIEY AND PRP,VENTION, With Direction:s for Complete Cure, 1. •ASTBAIA CCIIED AT LAST,' a Ilooklet gitinz full Directions for Absolute Caro. Is. Post free froot imsPrito C0..64.Hp: Ff nOA D. PALicam, LoNDON,S W.

- IN CONSTANT FAMILY FOR OVER UM YEARS. ATK IY. SON & BARKER'S ROYAL PR,ESERVATIVE,• THE BEST FOR TEETHING, CONVULSIONP, RICRETS, WHOOPING COUGH, Bottles z/t 2/9, 4/6.

Births. PE XltiON.—November sth, 1907, at 33. Albert-roe Levensbulme, the wife or John Pearson, of a son. to l z-.Hortßoc:-:s.—On the sth inst., at Park-road, Ha e, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Shorrocks, a daughter. 0.- WATSON.—On th-) 7th inst., at 10,Torbay-road,Chorlto 500. - cum-Hardy, to Mr. and Mrs. Stanley L. Watson, a i Marriages i - ' vAr sh , OLDROYD —NICKEAN. —November 2nd, at the Church, WP.rrington, by the Rev. Canon Benjamin Oldroyd to Alice McKean. _......--- ~,
