===== 0002601_19070601_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
REIM

===== 0002601_19070601_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
- I• . 4 t

1

, 4 - t

===== 0002601_19070601_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
MR: HAVELOCK WILSON, rd.P.

At the London Bankruptcy Court on Tuesday the case of Mr. J. Havelock Wilson, M.P. for lliddlesbrough, was again before the Registrar upon the adjourned hearing of an application for the approval of a com- position, accepted by the creditors, of 10s. in the pound. When the matter was before the Court on the 9th of April it was stated that i 2,685 was required to carry out the terms of the propaal. A sum of £5OO had been paid in, a furthe: £5OO would provided within a day or two, and the balance within a few weeks. Mr. Havelock Wilson applied for a further short adjournment, stating that since the last occasion a further sum of £9OO odd had beenhanded to the Official Receiver, and that within a short time the balance would be provided. Mr. Grey, the official recriver said £9OO had been ' received by him, £4OO having been paid in that day. There was also a cheque for £lOO, dated the 24th of May, which no doubt would be cleared. It was true that the last adjournment was to be final, but he had no desire to oppose a further one. The Registrar: How long do you suggest? Mr. Havelock Wilson: I think three weeks will be sufficient. The Official Receiver said that be did not oppose the application, as the alternative for creditors appeared to be 103. in the pound or nothing, and the registrar allowed the application to stand over for three weeks

===== 0002601_19070601_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
" INCURABLE " SKIN DISEASE

Yields to Zam-Buk : Torturing Rashes and Burning Blisters Banished.

"While there's Zam-Buk there's hope," is a new-old saying that has been proved to the hilt by many a sufferer from chronic skin disease. Mrs. Emily S. Crosby, 27, Hiley-road, Kensal Rise, N.W., says "About zix ye.r..39 I ba.lpme subject to a. peculiar irritating rash which attacked my legs. -Intlarcied tine watery blisters usdd to form, and whel these burst and dried up the most intense irritation came on. At times It amounted to actual torture, and the places seemed like a number of small red beads under the skin. I couldn't help rubbing them, and this made my sufferings much worse. I tried many things without, success, and was finally assured that I was suffering from a form of skin disease which was incurable." Ft" Then one day I read about Zam-Buk, and sent for a box. The effect of the first dressing was surpris- ing. Before many days were over the heat and irritation had almost gone. •I persevered with Zam-Buk, and slowly, but surely, new skin grew over the affected parts. **l use Zam-Buk with great success whenever my children sustain cuts, bruises, scalds, or burns. Zam- Buk is a medicine chest in itself." No home is com- plete without a box ! and Zam-Buk 'Aledicinal Soap, the latest successful invention, should also be used regularly

===== 0002601_19070601_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
THE; MILL BUILDING 80011.

The boom in mill building was referred to by Sir William Holland, who presided at a meeting of the Fine, Cotton Spinners and Doublers' Association in Man- chester on Tuesday. They could not shut their eyes, he declared, to the falt that if the building of new mills was continued long enough o:entually the supply must overtake the demand, and they must have a period of over-production of some classes of yarn. Being the largest buyers of fine cotton in the world, no one was so deeply interested in the question as that Association. Alluding to the unrest in the labwr market, he expressed the hope that with the reasonable spirit prevailing on both sides, the question would before long be satisfac- torily ended.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
JOBBERY AT SaREWSBURY.

At a meeting of the Shrewsbury Town Council, on Monday, it was stated by the Chairman of the Water Committee that the Corporation had been systematic- ally defrauded by the coal contractor substituting some hundreds of tons of common coal for best srnokekss coal. The waterworks engineer, now dismissed, admitted that he had received from a coal contractor, now deceased, barrels of beer, bottles of whiskey, turkeys, and sums of money. Detection arose through a quarrel between two employees.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
1111•111MMIIMIEN

CRIPPLED FRODI PARALYSIS. Now qutte better and much heavier.

H-FORME

The following account of a system completely wrecked in every way, being restored to vigorous bodily health again by Dr. Cassell's Tablets will he read with interest. Mr. John Stokes, of 69, Trebanog-road, C)mmer, Porth, Glam., is well-known and highly respected. and gives the account of his great cure as follows I am 44 years of age, and about 20 years ago I began to suffer terribly from pains in the back. I became so weak I could hardly stand. My nerves became paralysed, nay intellect impaired, and ray sight and hearing blunted. I despaired of ever being right again. I suffered from indigestion and stomach pains, and I was nothing but skin and bone, and, in shot. a complete wreck. I had to give up work,and a doctor recommended change of air. but all to no use. I was getting weaker and weaker. At last I tried Dr. Cassell's Tablets, and the result was miraculous. I improved from the first dose—l began to eat better, and my food became better assimilated, and so I derived more nourishment. Now I feel new vigour and energy, and life is at last becoming a pleasure. I am now, thanks to nr. Cassell's Tablets, as stout as I have been for years, and altogether a new man."

REDUCED 70 SKIN AND BOLIE. Too weak to walk now strong and STOUT AS EVER.

I .---. i 1

===== 0002601_19070601_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
-

ASK YOUR a N GROCER FOR jvj C DOUGALL'S Pateqt SELF-RAISIN

===== 0002601_19070601_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Satuiday, June 1, 1907 WOMAN'S REALM. !ALL RIGHTS 11115111V2D.j THE EXPLOITS OF THE ONE-EYED MAN.

The Forthcoming Royal Visit to Scotland.—The Prince and Princess of Wales will not be a great deal in London this season, and are to pay visits to the Duke ' and Duchess of Bac°touch, and the Duke and Duchess of Roxburgh° in Scotland in the summer. The Duke of Roxburghe's friendship with.the Prince of Wales is one of long standing, and he and the Duchess have spent a fortune in restoring Floors Castle, Kelso, in p epara- tion for the Royal guests. The Duchess, former y Miss May Goelet. is one of the three wealthy American heiress Duchesses of the present day, the others being the reigning Dechesses of Marlborough and Manchester. The Duke and DLit:tress of Buccleuott who are now in London, with their unmarried daughter, Lady Constance Scott, will entertain the Prince and Princess at Dalkeith Palace, their seat in Nlidlothian which was rlaced at the disposal of the Eing and Queen on the occasion of the Royal visit to Edinburgh, after His Majesty's accession. The Duke of Buccleuch holds one of the proudest positions in the peerage, and is not only the second largest landowner in Scotland, but also one of the wealthiest of the dukes. The Original " Little Jack Horner." —Miss Katherine Horner, who is to marry Mr. Raymond Asquith, comes of a very old Somerset family. She is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Horner, of Alerts Park, which origin- ally formed part of of the monastery lands of Glaston- bury Abbey. When the monasteries fell upon evil days John Horner who was steward of the temporalities of the abbey. managed to secure for him self the title deeds jof the Monor of Xells, and he was t he original "little Jack Hornet" of nursery lore, who put in his finger and pulled out a plum. That plum has b een in the possession of the Horner family for nearly five hundred years, and it has Wirer been the eustom for the eldest son in the family to be named John. Mr. Raymond Asquith, who promises to emulate the brilliant career of his father, I the Chancellor of the Exchequer, is following Mr. ' Herbert Gladstone's example in taking a Somerset bride. Mrs. Gladstone is the daughter of Sir Richard Paget, and there is a relationship between the Pagets of Somerset and the Homers of Melts Park. Fifty Years of Literary Work.—The many friends of Miss Betham-Edwards, desire to call attention to the jubilee testimonial which is being got up for this well- known authoress, who has completed fifty years of 1 literary work. Miss Bath-am-Edwards is a native of Suffolk, and made her first venture into the field of literature whilst still a country girl. That was in 1856, when Charles Dickens gave £5 for a poem "The Golden Bee" which appeared in "household Words." Her ever favourite story " Kitty" is just appearing in a eixpenny edition, and many of her novels have had a steady sale for decades, whilst her poems are still often recited in public. She is recognised authority on agri- culture, whilst another favourite subject is French country life, and her latest book is entitled " Literary Rambles in France." Latterly health and strength have failed Miss Betham-Edwards, and it is hoped that the proposed tribute will meet with hearty and generous support. Many well-known names are on the committ se, including the Lord Mayor of London, Lord Brassey, Lord Courtney, and the Bishop of Ripon. Women as Motor-Car Drivers.—Recent accidents have drawn attention to the handling of motor-cars by women. It becomes tedious always to look on as a passenger, and many women hanker after the excitement of driving and controlling a car. Much however has been said to the effect that women are less endowed than men, with the nerve or power to act with c oolness and good judgment in sudden danger, and therefore , they should only be allowed to drive low power cars„ incapable a high speeds. One is struck by such an argument, because it implies that only men should be permitted to driYeat such a speed as to take the turning ' on one wheel, but in cases of such recklessness, avoid- ance of accident depends as much upon luck as good management. In nineteen cases out of twenty it is the high speed that makes the accident unavoidable, no matter who the driver may be. Women as a rule, drive with more consideration for other users of the road,and many display a remarkable aptitude in the handling of cars. _ . .

Dearer Drapery and Paper Clothes.—The much higher cost of tussore and Japanese silks this season is only symptomatic of a general rise in the prices of dress materials, and in fact all staple drapery goods. The rise, we are told, is not as yet so marked as it will be later on, when drapers have to renew stocks at increased wholesale prices, but it already affects many necessi- ties, and ordinary silk lining that could be had for less than 2s. a yard, is now difficult to obtain at 2s. 6i. Silk fabrics of every description are much dearer, and the, same remark applies to ribbohs, lace, and also to all linen and woollen dress materials. It is said that we shall soon be able to buy dress materials woven of paper thread and yarn, and if they are as durable and service- able as we are given to understand, it is to these that we shall have to turn for our requirements. So many wonderful things have been done with paper, and it is stated that it can be woven into armost every conceiv- able fabric, presenting even better wearing properties than the textile materials of ordinary use. Hess to Arrange Stripes.—Leading dressmakers are employing very iittfe in thway- orte;enr.;agn whea making up striped gowns,they prefer instead to arrange the stripes in different directions. For instance a skirt cut with the stripes running perpendicularly, may have a flounce, a hem, or striping's cut on -the cross. Many variations are thus pessibleput it should be remem- bered that only in indeterminate colours is the idea likely to be a success. In black and white for example, the scheme is apt to be particularly trying, having a very uncomfortable effect on the eyes, for first the feel swimming, and then they can only see bits of such a "creation "at one time. The New Prints.—Simple prints are being chosed for young girls in preference to linen for morning wear. The new prints are in the prettiest old-world colours and patterns, and are usually made up into a full bell skirt with draped fichn bodice gathered into a belt. Shoulder epaulets of the 'print are inserted in the bodice, undersleoves of the bishop persuasion, also 'collar and vest of lawn completing this dainty costume. Grey for Evening Wear.—ln selecting grey for even- ing wear great care should be exercised,for many shades that in the daytime appear charming have an undesirable way of looking by artificial light very much like white that has become grimy with old age. Grey for night wear must be very grey, not pale, and a sort of dull cloud hue makes up very charmingly, especially in tulle and chiffon. A Curious Ornament.—Flexible snakes are very much in vogue just now, either coiled in or out the hair, round the neck or about the upper part of the arm. I These snakes are of gold, and usually very long, and the beads are studded with precious stones. When worn in the hair, the head rests almost on the forehead, and the I utmost one can say in favour of the mode is, that in effect it makes for the carious and weird. Concerning Hammocks.—Hammocks this year are being made in coloured twine, beautifully blended with Oriental stripes, while some of the best show the sides ornamented with pink or red roses and foliage, all made in coloured twine. Slung beneath the trees, these dainty hammocks will look ,particularly charming, and much more picturesquelthan the more costly varieties which are built of soft stout canvas with a pillow of the same securely fixed at one end. The hammock of natural coloured twine is little in evidence this season. in shopland, and all such stock will probably be sold off at a considerable reduction.

3IADGE.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
BY EDWARD TOWLER.

VI.—THE PERIL OF THE SUBMARINE. When the Submarine lay in seclusion in the Essex marshes on the upper reaches of the Blackwater, it was thought by the One-eyed Man to be immune from capture; indeed, the latter contingency had never entered into his calculations at all. Possessing a speed of some thirty-five knots an hour under water, the eraft had yet to be built that conld in any way approach the Submarine, and a dive would always take them out of harm's way. But it must not be thought for a moment that Inspector Bullen or Scotlaud Yard had either forgotten or ignored the Submarine. Orders had been given secretly to the Navy to 'signal every Submarine to stop until her identity was known.

A reward of one thousand pounds which had been offered for the capture of the One- eyed Man's Submarine was an inducement to every A.B. in the fleet cruising in home waters to keep his eyes -skinned; but up to the present no such luck as a glimpse of her "whale back" had shewn above the surface to cheer the eyes of those to whom one thou- sand pounds was a life competency. One memorable day, the whole gang, with the exception of the Greaser, who was at Truro awaiting orders, were aboard the Sub- marine, ready for a coup at a mansion on the shores of St. Austell's Bay, in which was stored some priceless old gold plate, brought over in the days of Drake from the galleon Santa Anna by an ancestor of the owner, who boarded and cut out the galleon in Southern seas.

This, then, was where the One-eyed Man was bound for when the following adventure overtook him and his satellites. They had passed the estuary of the Crouch, and Foulness Point was astern. Crossing into the West Swin, they passed the Mouse Light on the part side and made past the Girdlet Light into the Prince's Channel. They had come up for an observation, and the night lay dark. Ahead a light, flashing red and white, shewed brilliantly.

"What is it? asked the One-eyed Man, fcr he was no mariner, Breaci being skipper in charge. The latter took out his watch, timing the flash. "It's the Tongue Light," he said, briefly. "We are off Queen's Channel and shall make the Foreland very soon now." "Great Cesar! What's that?"

He might well ejaculate, for a brilliant beam of light cut the heavens like a mighty sword of silver, and then, like an avenging finger from the heavens, swept round and deluged them in its brilliance. "Below with you!" yelled Bresei. "Below all! Simini, stand by! It's a cursed cruiser! We are seen!" • It was as he had said, for the cruiser Merionethshire, going through a night attack drill, had picked them up in the focns of her searchlight, and their figures stood out plain as a pikestaff upon the whale back of the Submarine.

The gang scurried below, bolting like rab- bits for their burrow, but too late. The Merionethshire had sharp eyes aboard her, and as the searchlight picked them out of the blackness of the night, so surely were they seen.

In an instant the cruiser sprang to life, and the voice of the officer rang out: "It's the Submarine of that villainous gang. Load the forward gun!" A dick or two, and the sharp snap of a breach. "Ready, sir." "Throw a shot across her bows! Fire! "_

A column of water flashed up fifty yards ahead of the stationary Submarine. "Why the dickens doesn't he sink?" cried the officer to his captain, who had joined him on deck.

Aye, why didn't they? That was what Bresci and Simini wanted to know, for the ballast tanks would not fill.

"Go ahead, sir," said Bimini to Bresci. "Go ahead, or they'll plump cold shot into us here, and we shall sink with all our boodle."

Bresct turned the lever over and the Sub- marine shot forward, shewing two feet of free hoard to the Merionethshire's guns. It was a toes up now, for even as she forged ahead there came a flash and a weird whistle, as a common shell tore by the flying,boat. The speed of the Submarine was some twenty knots an hour—half her usual speed— for whatever had gone wrong with the sinking apparatus had evidently thrown something connected with the starboard engine out of gear. Only one of the cylinders could be worked, and in this crippled condition she tore through the rising seas, with the cruiser in pursuit, a mile and a-half in the rear. The One-eyed Man's only hope was that they, on the cruiser, knowing the immense value of the booty on board, would not try to sink her, but capture her and her crew. In this he read aright, for the captain- of the Merionethshire gave the order not to sink her. He was hoping the firing would attract the attention of others of the Channel Squad- ron, and that the Submarine would be hemmed in and taken. He judged that some- thing had gone wrong aboard her, or she would have sunk long since. His own speed was twenty-three knots an hour, and under forced draught he could develop twenty-four and a-half, so he hoped to keep her in sight long enough to attain his object of capture. On board the Sujamarine the sliding shutter of the hatch had been opened, and a man kept watch, lashed to the short stan- chion, Ao which the flagstaff was usually fixed. From this stanchion ran a small telephone attachment to the interior, so that constant communication could he kept up with those inside by the lookout. Ahead, a light shewed every half-minute across the tumbling waters. The lookout tele- phoned down, "North Foreland light, sir, on the starboard bow."

"Aye, aye," came the reply. "How does the cruiser bear?"

"About two miles astern, sir. They don't :want to hit us." "Report any craft you see immediately!" "Aye, aye, sir." The Submarine tore on, picking up the Nor' Sand's head shortly after. _ _

The cruiser redo-übled her efforts, and her shbt dropped round, ahead and astern of the Submarine, shewing the perfect practice made, and how easy for them to have sunk her had they wished. Rapidly nearing Dover and its attendant dangers, the One-eyed Man himself determined to go above; he could stand being below no longer. Upon his hard. set face no emotion shewed, but, icy as the mask was, a raging fear consumed him. Was this to be the end of his labours, the end of his schemes? Were all his dastardly crimes to be brought to nought? Well, it looked so. Going up to the lookout he said, briefly: "What is that light flashing ahead on the starboard bow?"

"The South Foreland, sir, two flashing electric— There's Dover just ahead; that'll *wake 'em up there." The dull boom from the cruiser shook the night air as he spoke. "Au, see, see, they've done it, by Heaven! We're dead meat! That's the torpedo flotilla coming out!" The One-eyed Man ran below. • "Shake her up, Bresci. Will she go?" he asked. "Soon, Boss, soon. We've located the de- fect; the exhaust had jammed." " How much longer can we reckon on? The cruiser has wakened up the Dover torpedo flotilla with her firing, and they are nosing round like dogs. It is a question of minutes only before we are surrounded. We cannot remain hidden from them long." Tinkle, tinkle, went the telephone bell. " Well? " queried the One-eyed Man. "The cruiser has put her .searchlight on us, sir, and these confounded wasps have picked us up. She'll fire no more now, for fear of hitting them. You had better come up.,, You hear, Bresci ?" he asked. . "Yes, Boss," said the Italian. "Hold 'em off. Parley, pretend to surrender; anything for ten minutes, then we can sink. Send the lookout below, and when we signal, drop be- low yourself, snap the scuttle, for when I ring we shall be all- clear."

The One-eyecl Man stepped on deck. "Go below," he said, briefly, to the other, and the man stepped down. Gazing ahead. 1e saw

The volume is published by Messrs. Chapma* and Hall.

the advancing lights • of some half-dozen tor- pedo-boats. He himself was in the glare of the cruiser's searchlight, that, dodge as he might, picked him up wiith an almost miraculous ease. Fife minutes more and the leading torpedo-boat was within hailing dis- tance.

"Surrender, or we ram you!" shouted the officer on the bridge of the dancing craft, through a megaphone. "Who are you? Speak, quick!" ' The One-eyed Man was a wolf at bay,. Even now he might escape, and he listened with straining ears for the signal from below. "Who are you?" was repeated from the torpedo-boat. Find out, and be shot to pia!" said the One-eyed Man. "Do you surrender?" cried the other, now only some two hundred yards off. "Aye, aye," said the One-eyed Man, "I surrender. It is all up. Stand by." The Submarine slowed up and her engines stopped. .

ilow goes it, Bresci? Are we clear?" Below they were working like maniacs, for the neck of every man was in a halter, and they knew it. "We can couple up in two, minutes. Get one of 'em aboard; we'll sink the swine for giving us this fright. Tell him to send a boat."

The One-eyed Man sprang on deck. "I sur- render," he cried. "Send a boat." A hand was waved from the torpedo-boat and a boat lowered. An officer and a dozen men jumped in and pulled off to the Sub- marine.

The Merionethshire, to whom all this was due, lay off mothering the tiny craft, like a hen mothers chickens. The boat reached the side of the Submarine; an A.B. jabbed a boat-hook into a ring on the plating, and she lay rising and falling by the side of the other. At that moment the tinkle sounded, and to the One-eyed Man it was the sweetest music he had ever heard. Never had he been so helpless. Schemes he could invent and carry out, criminal problems solve, but here he had been helpless indeed, and it had galled him intensely to be so entirely in the hands of his subordinates. However, it was ended now.

, The officer and two men sprang aboard. "Do you surrender quietly, or is it to be force?" he asked, fingering a huge Navy revolver, while the two men silently covered the One-eyed Man with their own weapons. " Pax ! ' said the One-eyed Man, with a "But come below."

"If there is any treachery, mind-" began the officer. "Treachery!" said the One-eyed Man. "My dear sir, my machinery is all wrong orl should have sunk long ago. I have only a tirew of four men, and here you have a dozen hanging like limpets to my boat; but if you are afraid-" "Afraid!" said the lieutenant, briefly. "Follow me, men. Lead me to your cabin," he commanded, addressing the One-eyed Man. "Kindly drop your arms, if you have any." "I have none Lieutenant; follow me." .

He stepped below and the lieutenant followed down the scuttle. The moment he did so, and his feet were upon the first rungs of the lad- der, he was seized and dragged down, feet foremost, coming down the stair full run, as the steel cover snapped like the breach of a gun into its place, and at the same moment the boat-hook was torn from the hand of the leading seaman, who was holding on, and wtruggling in the water alongside were the two A.B.'s who had stood by their officer on the Submarine's deck. The latter, now some twenty fathoms deep, was going her usual thirty-five knots. When the lieutenant had recovered himself! he found his pistol had been whipped out of his hand and his sword removed from his belt. The Navy man was frothing at the mouth. " Treachery ! " he said. "I thought you had broken down, or you would never have got me here like this." The One-eyed Man smiled. My dear sir, we were broken down, but my engineers Luckily, at the psychological moment, put the boat to rights. Now, if you will name the point you would like to be landed at, we will do our best to oblige you. Having but lately escaped ourselves, we are merciful, otherwise —well, it is not particularly healthy for those who are not of us to visit UB."

An hour later, a lieutenant of the Navy was dumped ashore a trifle to the south'ard of Dungeness, with no other harm than the loss pf a certain amount of dignity. In that he was more than usually lucky. "I hope," he said, "we meet again. By Heavens I do! Next time-well, you look out, that's all! "

The One-eyed Man smiled. "I beg you not to cross or attempt to cross my path," he said.. "I do not spare twice." . . .

But both were io meet again, though they new it not, and that was to be his Waterloo for one of them.

Next week: "Tan ABDUCTION OF GOLIGHTLY T. HANKBY," an entertaining story 01 the kidnapping of a multi-millionaire.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
FLOUR

===== 0002601_19070601_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
NGTFIENER

WOMEN'S CHAT.

DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

A PURITANICAL QUEEN.

People who are acquainted with the habits of the Queen of Denmark are wondering, writes a oorrespondent, how far she will be able to ac- commojate herself to the, less rigid regime of English society. When at home, her Majesty guides her conduct on the most severe principles, and never plays cards or visits race meetings. It is only when her attendance is absolutely neces- sary that she even attends balls, theatres, or similar light entertainments. The result is that the Danish Court is about the most dull and de- corous in Europe, and it is just possible that her Majesty will not be able to appreciate the fes- tivities that are being prepared in her honour during her visit to this country. Her Majesty is, nevertheless, one of the wealthiest of Royal per- sonages, and brought her husband an immense fortune. Her jewels—as fashionable London will soon have an opportunity of judging—are among the finest owned Lty any lady in Europe or America. The King of Denmark, though he has of late years acquired a lot of his wife's serious- ness of manner, is a very keen sportsman, and is likely to enjoy very thoroughlf his visit to Ascot.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
NIGHTGOWN FOR Sti:MMER WEAR

Altogether dainty and desirable is the pretty little summer nightgown pictured in our sketch. The material of which it is made is a fine cotton lawn, very cool and .thin without being in the least transparent. The neck, as you will observe, is cut unusually low,•a most comfortable idea foi hot-weather wear, and has neither collar nor

. •

11) • ti 4 t 4, •, • t : ' I I i. 31 e s IiIL 1 \ .1 lil'r,il 11 i d t A, -----, , lio . til'l., • iichT,".-a".

4

;

, )(A Ii fi

frills to add to its bulk. In their place is ar- ranged a succession of round motifs of embroi- dery, bordered on their upper edge with a wee frill of Valenciennes lace. The motifs are first arranged round the neck and tacked firmly into place. The material is then cut away from the back, the edges turned in and well whipped, and the motifs sewn firmly down. A big bow of rib- bon finishes the neck in dainty fashion. The sleeves are of elbow length, and are finished with wide lawn frills bordered with the lace -edged motifs.

1‘;" ' .

r 77, 0 7

1:

rib-yi4" 1' -- -

4 . 4 ---,-'- ) 10-\\ Ai Y - ' y .

1

\t! ~,,t, .. '..it. ) 1,,t) I • . i.,

===== 0002601_19070601_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
COLOURED FOOTGEAR.

The rapidly encroaching advances of _coloured footgear cannot for a moment be ignored, - says the Bystander. The determination that this shall be is very marked, and enhanced, both in the matter of excellence and prices, by those who have from the first pioneered the notion. As an accompaniment to the coloured summer frock, washing or otherwise, the belief is crystallising seriously that the souliers en suite are an im- perative need. And be it also speedily known, ,only the quietest, most unaggressive shapes are 'accounted bon ton. For coloured shoes, the big flap and Brobdingnagian buckles are the last de- tails recognised by the elect. Then, too, a largo predilection reigns in favour of delicately. coloured cloth tops, fitted to a patent-leather golosh. These, although by no means new, have acquired a character under tho present prevail- ing atmosphere of approval they have never be- fore possessed. Reverting to shoes, quite extra- ordinary colours, such as raspberry red, burgun- dies, royal blue, and leaf green are accepted with the greatest aplomb, and, keeping well in step with 'their confreres, the hosiers are in a position to meet practically all demands. CHAMPAGNE-COLOURED COSTUME.

Quite the latest and smartest type is the charming costume which forme the subject of our illustration. The material in which it is realised is a fine smooth cloth of the most deli- cate and becoming tone of champagne, an ex- ceedingly fashionable nuance just now. The upper part of the costume is a cross between a pelerine and a bolero, and has loose banging fronts, from which turn back two wide revers, stitched at the edge, and ornamented with large

hmids,4me buttons'. Between these fronts comes a delightful little waistcoat of Eastern embroidery, carried out in various shades of Chinese-blue silk. The waistcoat crosses in front, and is beaded with a. narrow band of stitched cloth. The sleeves are of the popular "kimono" type, and are composed of overlapping bands of cloth, adorned with lines of machining at the edge. The skirt is of the pleated variety, wide stitched box-pteats being alternated by pointed and buttoned straps, from which spring wide plain tucks.- This skirt looks equally well in house or walking length, and is quite unusually smart in effect.

, Ffr''''''T.'-', - "•, ..'„ )I.'''''''• , ~,44,,,,,:;,i) • - k:I. - " • z-P; l7ll'l Ift 4 nr • ' !:.!,f, 1 • ix b: v.,4 oh 0 t • I* i' , .... ‘•,. \ . .. • • ' \ , , / i 1 / /11/ ':, ', 0 ' --\--,z,' • ----. ~. NI - ~,.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHAPERON RECALLED.

A notable circumstance about the present sea- son is the reappearance of the chaperon, says Vanity Fair. On one famous ,occasion last sum- mer all the young men asd maidens surreptiti- ous!y deserted the dancing-room, and were sub- sequ,nitly discovered enjoying the cool night broezes on the roof. What became of the dainty chiffons and satins in those sooty regions can better be ;magined than described. It was felt that the fast vanishing chaperon had her uses after all.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S RECIPK.

SALADE DE TOMATES FARCIES.--ChOOSS , even- sized tomatoes, cut a hole in the top of each, and remove the seeds and some of the interior. Place on ice to keep firm, and in the meantime mince any remains of chicken or Areal finely, add a npoontut ot minced tongue and a- few small cooked new potatoes passed through a sieve. Moisten with two or three spoonfuls of rich mayonnaise sauce. Fill the tomatoes with this farce, replace the tops, and serve on a bed of !ettuee.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
SMALL, BUT CONSPICUOUS

Which is the most conspicuous ingredient of the English wedding cake? Surely the currant. Mince pies depend almost entirely upon currants for their flavour and richness, so do Eccles Cakes and Banbury Cakes and scores of other tea-table dainties.

Many millions of pounds weight of currants are used annually in the making of bread, and the demand for this most wholesome and nutritive food is still on the increase.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

There was a hood attenciance at an open meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A.. on Sunday. The Mayor presided and speaking about "Loving kindness" his Worship said it was their duty, as well as a great privilege, to show kindness day by day especially in the home. What power or influence had a man over his fellows, who was not kind athome ? Charity certainly began at home, but should not stay there. He had often been struck by the kind acts-he had seen in the streets of Warrington, such as boys running to a blind man to guide him across the street, so that he might be kept out of danger. He liked to see and hear of men being kind to their wives and families, and hoped the women _present would always show kindness to their husbands who oftentimes came home after an anxious and disappointing day, and who -needed sympathy. (Applause.) Mr. T. Harrison, of Oldham, gave a, humorous address, dealing with his personal experi- ences in life. The Rev. John Yonge and Mr. G. Wallington also took part in the meeting. Mr. Yonge said that was the first time they had had the Mayor in the chair, and they hoped to have him as their chairman again, tither as Mayor or in his private capacity. , Mr. E. Pearce sang "The Lord is my Shepherd" and "Arm ye Brave," in an effective manner.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
LARGEST FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT in the provinces. . Show Windows 250 ft. long, DOUBLE THE STOCK of any Competitor.

A SEVEN-ROOMED MODEL. FURNISHED HOUSE for 203 Guineas. A FIVE ROOMED

for 100 Guineas, and TWENTY "SPECIMEN" FURNISHED ROOMS

at from 7 to 125 Guinea

_ • iCIA FURNISH at '4•S - sae- vAel, PITTS'S , I

===== 0002601_19070601_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ALWAYS 0

===== 0002601_19070601_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
~ - - 4 4 .?),Y4 . r • 't.,.. • 'Y •• ' 11,,,,,t4 N, • '':4l' •1. t;"-•';••• ‘ ...44- :•:i 4' tri,iti: • 4..'"..2 *:01N,.• '''''' ' A.: ,g,

===== 0002601_19070601_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
, . . 44 ..„.....,... . _, f .: I : . ... •-' i" ) 4:14,...,0 -, ,II 'T IEI,, -:,,,,,---. , 0 ... ~,i...,.., ..., .., ~..,,,.: ~ -,',- :410 :3/44.9.:-;-. . .4 :ttUt."o::''' 1::- .IA-0" ~ ..

Fauna. GRASS.

•...,..t,,, I, ... :,.• ':..:.r... •• . ".i::''''•:.; 1‘:•-•":-.• . . ... .. .. .. ••,, ~, . .. ~....,. . • Lb. .• .. :•,-,,:, ~.,., . .., •,...-7._ „,..• .. . ... . ..,

Per

MO HIGHER PB:GE.

SPEW fk L LINES.

Finest short Gut Hams

Pietalip Hams -

Roiled itaoors (Sliced)

Rolled Sitaulders (Sliced)

Pure Lard-

Irish Eggs

- I 8

Alaska Salmon.

Pine Chunks -

•.,,0.N.,,••••,,,,0..,••%•0•.••,..,...0.e..

%.10%.0"WfgreNof‘w0 """"" 10.1"1"04k,...".•

Por Lb.

- 7d. - sd. - 7d. - 6d.

i - - 52d•

for Is.

Per Tin.

- sd. - 341

===== 0002601_19070601_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
• • Ltd

The Largest Tea & Provision Dealers in the World.

Local Branch •

===== 0002601_19070601_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
I ° • e **rtl W*rrington 6 9 •

THE FREE CHURCHES.

(By Our London Correspondent.)

THE NATIONAL FREE CIFORCH COUNCIL

PRESIDENCY.

v7h.e death of Dr. John Watson places the 'National Free Church Council in the position °f having to choose another president, as he 7as to have assumed the position next March. Will devolve upon the General Committee rnominate a successor to Dr. Rendel Harris. t),11 the ordinary course each denomination in \=lll3- is represented in the Presidency of the ational Council, and for next year it is the turn of the Presbyterians. There is, however, t 9 fixed rule in the matter, and the whole ques- -I,°n will be settled by the General Committee. who knew 'flan liaclaren" imagined that els aPparently strong frime did not betoken a b°llBtitution likely to stand the strain of many *7e4rl3' further service. His whole appearance teLenlecl to denote strength, his utterance was elA,at of a man virile and forceful. Whilst he 14.1 armed many thousands with his writings, he Vhiself preferred to be remembered as a .irk;lltirCh worker, and his own denomination I;efils with sad gratitude the years of toil c't effort he spent In ibe aervico. "neil had looked forward to a brilliant yea Ituder his leadership, but this was not to be.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
RETURN OF GIPSY SMITH

t °iPsy Smith has returned from his mission '5.11r in the United States. I had a short talk Itith. him on his arrival in London: He ia i°oking well, but naturally feels the strain of tr continuous work. He preached no less Van 450 sermons during his sojourn in the nited StVes. His series of missions made .lnarkable impression on American life. He vted the principal centres, but the mission thnich attracted .the -keenest attention vias at at. Boston. For years past united evan- enstic work of this character had never been 4ttenlpted at Boston. Moody, it. will be re- .llllenthered, had failed to reach the, heart of „ (*ton, which is the centre of fashionable intellectual America. During the course Gipsy Smith's mission there about 3,00.0 Vl* confessed Christ. After a short rest in -4411.1gl.tand Gipsy Smith is booked to conduct a ission in Australia.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
11XV. THOMAS LAW ON AMERICAN LIFE.

f,T,..he Rev.. Thomas Law has also returnald ti:sl4 a short tour in the United States. In a .‘eui .Erce Church,Chrenicle he contributes fit 2. article describing his iMpressions. He e„attitly confesses that America has thoroughly I,7Ptil-red him. The hospitality and the. 4,te clj- come in for his emphatic praise. He o`i with great satisfaction the developments Church life in America, especially in the 4,beetion of Bible study and the training of c4Young, but he deplores one or two features g `tirlerican life. He did not like American tiabbaths. "I spent one Sunday in Chicago. To alt peat surprise I found -the saloons were open ,uaY arid the theatres in full swing—in- trii) it is the greatest day of the week for e theatres. Every form of worldly pleasure 0-s being indulged in to the very full. I tCe spent Sabbaths in most of the cities. of $6: continent of Europe, but I have never 11d. any as bad as' Chicago. I admit at arch that most of the cities of the States Or ettr than Chicago; but the observance gt ~,tion-observance of the Sabbath In the the is going to be one of the great tests of e hest life of the great Republic.'

===== 0002601_19070601_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
FEDERATION IN AMERICA.

lar L i 4 • aw says that fed4ration Of Churches eeded far more in America than Britain.

The great social, moral, civic, aria rerzgloas problems which are so intensely real in all the great towns and cities over there never can be solved except by the innumerable Churches of all the Evangelical denomina- tions becoming one solid organised force. That need in no way interfere with the Churches and the denominations doing their own particular work. It is, I am convinced, by this real and living compact federation of the Churches in every district of the Stated that they will be able to deal effectively with Tammany in all its forms, with the saloon, impurity, gambling, and other forces of iniquity which are eating at the heart of the great centres of populations—and, indeed, throughout the country—and I believe it is only in this way it can be done."

FREE CHURCH SUMMER SCHOOL.

One of the most important features of Dr. Harris' Presidential year in connection with the Free Church Council is to be the Summer School at Cambridge, from July 29 to August 10. In this month's F rce Church Chronicle Dr. Harris gives some particulars of what is to be attempted at. Cambridge. Some of the greatest " stars " of the theological world are to assist.. Lectures are to be held in • the mornings and evenings, and a most varied programme has. been prepared. The. after- noon rambles will be times of the, greatest int,crerst. Excursions will be made to places in and around Cambridge, Special attention being given to spots notable for their religious his- tory. In order to allow as large a number as possible attending the school, the inclu- sive fee for ten days has been fixed as low as £3 15s. (covering bed, breakfast, luncheon, dinner, etc.). In order for arrangements to be completed, it is necessary, that early appli- cation be made; in any case. June 30 is the latest date upon which members can be en- rolled. Full information can be . obtained from the local secretaries of the School, 11, Sydney-street, Cambr:dge.

PRACM SUNDAY

The Nationai Free Church Council has made fill appeal to all the Free Churches to observe Sunday, Rine 9, as Peace Sunday. itia view ofl the assembling at. The Hague the !following week of the ,International Pc-ace Conference. It is suggested that .speial sermons should be preabhed and prayers offered on behalf of the success of the movement, and in par- ticular in fyour of +.ll proposition to intro- duce mediation before war.

FREE CHURCH CONVENTION.

For several year; past the National Free Church Council has conducted summer gather- ings at different centres for the deepening of spiritual life. This affords opportunity for Free Church people in the holiday season to hear some of the leading preachers of the day and to combine physical with spiritual refresh- ment. This year a Convention is to be held at Aberystwyth from June 10th to 13th. Dr. Rendel Harris will preside, and will give some of his unique talks. In addition there will be Revs. Thomas Phillips 8.A., Thomas Law, J. Puleston Jones, M.A., T. Nightingale, and other English and Welsh ministers, besides Gipsy Smith, Mr. Silas K. Hocking', and Mr. J. Compton Rickett, M.P., &c. Delegates from the whole of Wales are being appointed to attend these gathering, but special tickets can imr obtained on application to the National Offices, Memorial Hall, Londonl E.C. E. M.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, SP turclav5 June 1 1907.

ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL. Annual Nesting of the Warringtoil and District League.

, The annual meeting of the Warrington and District I Association Football League was held at the Marquis of Granby Inn, on Thursday evening. Mr. W. H. Smalley presided over a good attendance. ' In his annual report the HON. SECRETARY (Mr. C. T. Cox) pointed out that Oughtrington Park had again won the Ist Division Championship with 30 points and : Castner Kehler Reserve and Widnes St. Paul's had tied • for the 2nd Division Championship with 34 points each. Oughtrington Park had won the championship with a larger majority than in the previous season. With regard to the 2nd Division it had been decided that the two teams should play off on a ground selected by the League Committee on the first Saturday in September, the proceeds of the gate to go to the League fund after paying expenses. At the commencement of the season they had 11 teams in the Ist Division and 15 in the 2nd. He was sorry to say that it was still very difficult to get some of the clubs to fulfil their League engagements and he would like to suggest that for the coming season the Conference meeting be held on June 13th. so that if necessary they could call another meeting later to fix up all fixtures before the season opens, as he thought that was where the trouble lay. It was the policy of all club secretaries to fill in the fixtures as early as possible so that if the unexpected happened they had the latter part of the season to fall back upon. In con- clusion Mr. Cox thanked the Club Secretaries for their assistance during the year, and Mr. and Mrs. F. ,J. Whittle for their hospitality. The balance sheet showed that the year closed with a balance in hand of £4 12s. lid.

The report and statement of accounts were unani- mously. approved. The appointment of officers was then proceeded with Mr. James Dodds was unanimously re-elected president. The other officers were also re-elected and were : —Mr. W. H. Smalley, chairman, Mr. C. T. Cox, secretary, and Mr. H. Hawthorn treasurer. At the conclusion of the business me.ting an enjoy- able smoker was held, Mr. Smalley again presiding. Mr. James Dodds who was prevented by illness from attending wrote: "I am sorry that after all I cannot be with you to-night. Although I am in much better health than for several months past, I have to be very careful, and it would be unwise to venture out in the night air in this east wind. Had the weather been warm and genial, as on the eve of June it ought to have been, nothing would have prevented my being with you. By next winter I hope to be quite fit and to witness some of the League matches. May I ask you to convey my congratulations to the winners of the shield. I have known the Oughtrington Park Club for a very long time now,and I believe they play not only a very good game but a fair and sportsmanlike one, and I wish them all success in future, while hoping that the other clubs in the League will strive not only to win the shield, but to raise the character and quality of the play, so as to render it imperative that the Association game shall have the relative pro- minence in Warrington that it basin the more important Lancashire towns."

===== 0002601_19070601_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION OF THE DODDS SIIIRLD.

Mr. W. H. SMALLAY, in the absence of the president, handed the handsome silver challenge shield, presented by Mr. Dodds, to the Oughtrington Park team the holders for the first year together with gold centre medals as League champions. He was delighted to have been chairman of the league during the first year in which the shield had been offered, and he was sure that it was the finest ever offered for competition in IWarrington in connection with any sport. (Rear,hear). He noticed that a prominent Warringtonian and a Northern Rugby Union enthusiast, said the Association game was coming forward to such an extent that they had better be doing something for fear the Rugby game should be broken down. He (Mr. Smalley) thought that in a town like Warrington there was ample room for both codes, and whilst he did not want to see Rugby go down he would like to see Association come forward. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that the success of the Oughtrington Park team would lead to other Cheshire clubs coming to join the League, and he was sure that they could not have a better inducement to do so than was offered in the handsome shield Mr. DOdds had presented to the League. (Applause). Mr.CßANTLEY,secretary of the Oughtrington Club, said he did not think that next season their team would be quite so strong, and therefore other clubs would have an opportunity of winning the shield. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WHITTLE said there was a singular appropriate- ness in the success of the Oughtrington team, RS Mr. Dodds for many years lived at Oughtrington. He was sure that Mr. Dodds would wish him to heartily con- gratulated the Park players on their success.*(Applause.) Mr. CRITCHLEY pointed out that in 1904-5 the Park team won both the League and the Cup competition, whilst last season they were runners up for the cup, and captured the League. He thought the medals which accompanied the shield rather disgraced Mr. Dodds' handsome present, and he hoped that next year the Cora- ..satra.. of lila LAnzue would see their way to give gold medals. (Hear, hear). Mr. SMALLEY said that the Committee were also boping that they would shortly be able to give gold medals.

-0i:1;;"r congratulatory speeches were also made, and during tbe evening the company was ably entertained songs being given by Messrs. Foulkes, Moorlield, Hawthorn and Evans.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BAPTIST UNION.

The spring meetings of the above union were held at the Milton Baptist Church,Action Bridge on Thursday. Owing to the unfortunate climatic conditions the attendances were not so large as they otherwise would have been. The proceedings commenced with a meet- ing of committee at which it was decided that the next meetings be held at the church at ,Hill Cliff e, on Thursday, September 26th. This meeting over, a Conference was held in the chapel, where, after a short time had been spent in prayer, a paper was read by Mr. J. T. Beswick, of Golborne, the topic chosen by Mr. Beswick being the practicability, or otherwise, of "the district church." The paper was a continuance of a subject introduced at the last meeting by Rev. J. S. Hughes who argued for the establishment of" the district church" in place of the numerous various churches of the denomination, which while they are conspicous for their independency, are often con- spicuous by their effort to maintain their existence. The lines upon which Mr. Beswick travelled were con- trary to those advanced by the reader of the previous paper and in the course of his paper he endeavoured to show the many impracticabilties which surrounded the scheme, and contended that by maintaining their inde- pendence each individual church would be more healthy and vigourous and would be capable of greater and more successful efforts. Discussion followed led off by Mr. Hume, Little Leigh, who in the main was in agreement with the spirit of the paper. The discussion was continued, Mr. E. Lloyd Jones and Rev. J. F. Matthews, taking up an opposite view of the subject and contending that the question was one which event- ually would have to be taken into serious consideration and asserting that the difficulties raised were mostly imaginary and could easily be reckoned with. Following this meeting, tea was served in the school- room to which a very fair number of friends sat down. A public meeting held in the evening was presided over by. the President, Rev. J. F. Matthews, who delivered a brief address in his usual forceful and inspiriting manner. The visiting speaker was Rev. W. G. Pope of Toxteth Tabernacle, Liverpool, who delivered a most powerful and impressive address on the subject of his ideal Church, the conspicuous , elements of which must be spirituality, progressiveness, and aggressiveness. So deep an impression was created by Mr. Pope's utteranc,as, that the succeeding speaker, Mr. E. Lloyd Jones, requested the Chairman to devote the remainder of the meeting to prayer, in which sue- gestion the meeting acquiesced, and a memorable meeting was thus brought to a close.

• The British steamer Boniface, from Galveston for Liverpool with a cargo of cotton, arrived at Bermuda on Thursday with her cargo afire and decks crumbling. A doctor at a St. Helens inquest anr Thursday said many sudden deaths had been recorded of late, cases where the thymus gland was swollen. A resolution demanding disestablishment and dis- endowment as a preliminary to union with the Church ' of Scotland was passed by ahuge majority at the United Free Church Assembly on Thursday.

Speaking at a Nationalist meeting in Pettigo, county Fermanagh, on Thursday, Mr. J. C. Dolan, M.P., said he looked forward to the day when the Union Jack would be dragged in the mud awl the sons of Erin would march victorious with the green flag waving over them.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
EXTREME NERVOUS WEAKNESS AND ST. VITUS' DANCE Cared by Veno*s Seaweed Tonic.

Mr. E. Jackson, 23, Edward Street, off Penny's Lane, Northwich. writes :--* You will think it very unkind of me not letting you know about my daughter. We owe, you many thanks for the good you have dose her; I can assure you it has been a great blessing to me and the family She is the joy of , our home, as red as a rose, and in the best of health. I can truly say she is entirely cured of the extreme nervous weakness, . and there is now no trace Of the St. Vitus' dance. This has been , accomplished by Veno's Seaweed Tonic."

WELSH CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. Veno's Seaweed Ton:c strengthens the body and Special services to celebrate the anniversary of the nerves, cures indieeition, wild, sluggish liver, . Welsh Congregstional Church, Houghton-street, were weak and painful back, dizziness. headache, held on SaturdaY and Sunday. The preachers were kidney troubles, dropsy and female weskness, and is specially good for chronic constipation. Price the Rev'. E. B. Jones, Holyhead; and the Rev. I'. Agsren Griffiths, Rhyl. , is. lid. and 2s. 9d. at chemists everywhere.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, •-•

===== 0002601_19070601_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Tali SHIP CANAL 3ILL.

0??1331f1J3 FROM WARRINGTON ----- Salt Wat3r ail L 9331 Maatifactories

The Manchester Ship Canil Bill, which has already passed the House of Lords, was on Tuesday considered by a committee of the House of Commons. The bill empowers the company, among other things, to pump an additional quantity of water from the estuary of the Mersey into the section from Eastham to Latchford, and thence into the sections above, for the purpose of locking vessels up and down the canal. To this pro- posal opposition is again offered by the Corporation of Warrington and by Messrs. Crostleld and Sons, soap and chemical manufacturers' Messrs. Fairclough and Sons, Messrs. Monks, Hall, and Co., Limited, Messrs. Rylands Bros. the Whitecross Company, and !Messrs. Pearson.. and Knowles, Limited. The opponents no longer con- tend that there is no immediate necessity for an addi- tional supply of water for the canal, and the pro motors, on their part,have conceded a clause granting protection to VVarrington in regard to any further abstraction or diversion of water from the upper reaches of the Mersey. The only question at issue now is whether, as a result of the proposed punsping,such an extra quantity of salt-bearing water will be brought into the river in the neighbourhood of the works of the petitioning traders as will prejudicially affect the "feed" of their boilers.

It was stated before the Lords Committee, Mr. Balfour Browne, LC., said,that the Canal Company had to put water into the Mersey at Walton sluices. This statement was not challenged at the time. Since then, however, this action had been brought for the purposes, as he said, of the opposition to the bill, and when last Saturday the Company sought to open the sluices the Corporation of Warrington had men there to stn. them. The proceedings of the Company in attempting to open the sluices, he maintained, was thoroughly justified. Mr. Balfour Browne further said that at the time the Ship Canal was made Manchester was in low water, but it had been booming ever since the work was corn- .pleted. Manchester had become one of the most important ports in the kingdom, but the traffic bad beoome so great it was necessary to replace water lost by vessels locking out. Already the pinch was being felt. The amount of water lost in locking out vessels, some of which were 500 ft. long with 58! t. beam, with a capacity of 10,000 tons, was enormous, and unless there were some means adopted of replacing the lost water a serious state of affairs would be brought about. The opposition to the bill was the same as that in the House of Lords, and came from the Warrington Cur pomtion and the traders of Warrington, who feared that the pumping of water would deplete the river Mersey. Sir George Nares, the acting Commissioner, was satisfied that no danger to the ohanael existed, and did not oppose. Mr. W. H. Hunter, chief manager to the company, gave evidence. He explained that theadditional supply of water was made necessary by the increase in the traffic of the canal, the greater size of the ships using the waterway, and the necessity for lucking vessels up and down the canal without any delay. The most reasonable, practicable, and efficient way of making this provision was by pumping water into theseveral lengths of the canal. At neap tides a great many of the Liver- pool docks were now supplied with water pumped from the estuary. The pumps would never be used except when the water was absolutely required for lockage purposes. He estimated that during the first ten years the pumps would not be used more than five times in eaoh year, and it would only be as the tragic grew that their use would be increased. Referring to the objection of the Warrington traders, the witness said he did not believe there would be the increased salinity at Rixton Junction which they feared, because the salt water would have to and its way th9re against a more powerful stream of fresh water. But in order to make the possibility even more probable, he proposed so to place the pumps at Latchford that the suction would be only six feet below the surface of the water, and thus the water drawn would contain a minimum quantity of salt. The committee adjourned. A WRIT ISSUED.

In the action of the Manchester Ship Canal Company v. the Corporation of Warrington, counsel stated on Tuesday before Jotice Kekewich, in London Chancery Division, that a writ had been issued in the action, and he asked leave to serve notice of motion for Friday next for an interim injunction. Justice Kekewich gave the requisite leave. WEDNESDAY'S PROCEEDINGS.

The House of Commons Committee continued the consideration of the Bill on Wednesday when further evidence was given in support of the proposal of the Canal Company to pump an additional supply of water from the Mersey estuary into the waterway for lockage Mr. Hunter, the chief engineer, was cross-examined by counsel on behalf of the Warrington Corporation and the traders whose works are on the banks of the Mersey. He would not admit that the result of his pro- posal would be to bring into the river in the neighbour- hood of these works such an amount of salt-bearing water as would prejudicially affect their boilers. But even if it were otherwise,he was not prepared to advise the company to accept the compensation clause for which the petitioner asked. Replying to the Chairman, he explained that powers were taken in the Bill to erect pumps at all the locks, but it was not intended at the present time to erect them at Irlam.

Sir A. Kennedy, president of the Institution of Civil Engineers, who for the purposes of this inquiry had examined the sections of the Canal at Warrington, said he had come to the conclusion that the salinity of the water passing from the Canal into the river at Rixton Junction would not be appreciably increased as the result of the pumping proposed under the Bill. The Committee adjourned.

!of water at low water of spring tides in the said : channel." It is admitted that on any reading the Ship Canal Company have not fulfilled their duty, but a dis- pute has arisen as to the true meaning of these words. The plaintiffs is this action say the words mean that I the channel must be dredged so that, whenever there is 1 low water of spring tides, there shall be a depth of eight I feet of water in the channel. It seems to me that this is I tir.l true meaning. Mr. Justice Byrne so held, and made la declaration to that effect. The Court of Appeal, how- ever, though it expressed concurrence with Mr. Justice Byrne's conclusions, so varied his order as largely to destroy its effect. It was argued there for the Ship Canal Company, as before your lordships, that in reality a depth of eight feet of water at low water of spring tides meant a depth of eight feet below low water at Warrington Bridge, which was, and, as the defendants maintain, still is, ten feet above Ordnance datum. Beginning with that assumption, the defendants further argued that the channel,though not at the time of action brought deep enough to comply with the statutory requirements, had nevertheless at some earlier date been dredged deep enough to satisfy the Warrington Bridge ' measure. Thereupon the Court of Appeal expunged the ' declaration of 11fr. Justice Byrne, aad, in place of it, fetid that

• THE ORIGINAL OBLIGATION to dredge had been complied with at some date prior to • January 1, 1897, and declared that " the obligation of the Aanchester Ship Canal Company, so long as there shall be no permanent alteration in the level of low water of spring tides at Warrington Bridge, is to main- tain the same channel dredged which was originally dredged as aforesaid." And the court held there had been no such permanent alteration. IF it were necessary to deoide the question,Sir Robert Finlay gave most cogent reasons to show that there had been, in fact, a permanent alteration. Further, I am not pre- , pared to hold that the original obligation had ever been complied with. Mr. Justice Byrne gravely doubted it. But both these questions do not, in mv opinion, really arise. I am, with great respect, unable to agree in the view that the duty of the defendants is to be measured by any artificial standard at all. It is to be measured by the words that are found in the agreement scheduled to the Act of 1896. Suppose that low water of spring tides at Warrington Bridge is the same thing as the low water of which the Act speaks, and suppose that the original dredging was the same thing as the dredging required by the statute on the true construe- ' tion. Even so, I cannot see that, when a statutory agreement prescribes a particular standard, a court of law would be at liberty to substitute a standard, in itself different, on the ground that its effects are equivalent. Under the judgment of the Court of Appeal the Ship Canal Company would have to dredge less than under that of Mr. Justice Byrne, who construed the statutory agreement, and construed it rightly. I think that

THE ORDER OP THAT LEARNED JUDGE OUGHT TO BE

RESTORID on this point. What has been said applies to the other point on which the judgment of Mr. Justice Byrne was varied. The Court of Appeal declared that "the obligation of the Manchester Ship Canal Company to maintain the said channel dredged is not an obligation that the said channel shalt at all times be free o f obstruction, but is an oblightion to maintain the said channel dredged by removing obstructions as and when they arise within a reasonable time." Now, the statu- tory agreement says nothing about removing obligations bat it does say t4t the ship Canal Company shall " dredge " the channel, "and for ever after maintain the same dredged, so that at all times there shall be a depth of Bft. at low water of spring tides." The duty is not to dredge Bft. down from any datum line, real or imaginary, but to dredge so that there shall be Bft. at the specified times. It seems that the tide in this part of the river is apt to deposit great quantities of silt. It was sufficient, said Mr. Cripps for the defendants, that the channel should be dredged to a depth of Sft. below the low water level at Warrington Bridge, and when the silt came a reasonable time should be allowed to remove it. It seems to me that the best answer to this contention is to read without comment the language of the statu- tory agreement itself. The Ship Canal Company must either dredge deep enough to maintain the required depth of Bft., whatever be the amount of silt, or it must take steps forthwith to remove the silt. These obligations may be very onerous, but we have no right to alter them or to shrink from giving fall effect to them. There is

===== 0002601_19070601_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
PROMOTERS' CASE CLOSED.

The Select Committee on Thursday continued the consideration of the proposal of the Ship Canal Com- pany—embodied in their various powers Bill—to pump the estuarial water into the.upper reaches of the canal, with the object of raising its level. i Evidence n support of the scheme and against the contention of the opponents, the Corporation and traders of Warrington, that its effect would be to increase the saltness of the water which returns to the Mersey at Rixton, and is used by the manufacturers for feeding their boilers, was given by, Mr. F. Scudder, chemist to the Mersey and Irwell joint Committee; Sir Douglas Fox, C.E. ; Professor Frankland, Birming- ham University; and Mr. C. Escourt, city analyst of Manchester. The witnesses supported the opinion that the salt water pumped into the canal at Latchford would escape again with the opening of the locks, and in any case would not find its way up as far as Rixton. The promoter's case was closed, and Mr. Priest, engineer to the Corporation of Warrington, gave evid- enee as to the degree of salinity of the water in the various reaches of the canal at the present time, and submitted that the promoters were not justified in the view they had put forward of the effect of the proposed pumping. The Committee adjourned.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
DREDGING THE RIVER.

A FAR-REACHING DECISION.

Victory of Warrington Traders.

Judgment was given in the House of Lords on Wednesday, in the appeal of Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Ltd., and other traders and manufacturers at Warrington,against the Manchester Ship Canal Company. The appellants claimed the right to have a depth of Bft. of water at low water of spring tides in the channel between the western boundary of the works of Monks, Hall, and Co., at Bank Quay and Howley Lock, and, failing this, free navigation in respect of vessels pa,ssinh , through the Walton Lock portion of the canal, extend- ing from Eastham to Walton. The respondents failed, according to the appellants, to maintain a depth of Bft. at low water, and consequently the navigation of the river was obAructed. The respondents maintained that , they were only bound to maintain the channel dredged by removing obstructions as and when they should arise, and upon receipt of notice. The appellants, on the other hand, contended that the respondents had not performed their original obligation to dredge the channel to the depth and width required by the agreement of 196. Mr. Justice Byrne found in favour of the appellants, and that they were entitled to recover all tolls and dues paid since August, 1899, down to the date of the judgment. The Court of Appeal reversed this decision, and hence the appeal. They held that the obligation of the respondents to maintain the channel dredged was not an obligation that the channel should at all times be free of obstruc- tion, but was an obligation to maintain the channel dredged by removing obstructions as and when they arose within a reasonable time. • The Lord Chancellor: The controversy raised in this appeal depends, in my opinion, on the construction of a section in a private Act of Parliament. When the Manchester Ship Canal Company acquired its Parlia- mentary powers in 1885, it became laound to keep the river Mersey, throughout a specified section of its course, at a particular depth, for the benefit of the borough of Warrington and the traders thereof. Subse- quently, the statutory language imposing this duty was modified by an agreement scheduled to the Act of 1896, and the words now operative are as follows :—" The company shall forthwith, at their own cost, dredge the bed and banks of the river Mersey (meaning thereby a channel in and along the river Mersey having tt ruininitun width of fifty feet at the bottom), and for ever after maintain the same dredged I so that at all times there shall be a depth of eight feet

===== 0002601_19070601_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
--, Ut.

0 ''lWl:tr-144314, '... v:.0.3.4.. 7 ' :"; iv .71"°41 4 :,,.. 3. ..0,, .., ~0_,,,, . -,,,,. ~....., ~, ~...

===== 0002601_19070601_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETIC'S.

Cricket.

The West Lancashire League at present doos not offor much cause for comment as none of the 010b3 have ful- filled many fixtures. St. Helens at present lead and judging by the form which they have shown promise to be well in the running for championship honours at the close of the season. Warrington's position is somewhat lowly but as'they have only playe I two matches there is no occasion for apprehension and doabtiess the next few weeks will see them seriously challenging the leadership. In the second division Preston and Earles- town are bracketed equal with Warrington fourth in the list.

The league tables to date are :

FIRST DIVISION

Pl'd. W. L. D. Pts. St. Helens 2 2 0 0 4 Earlestown Prescot

Warrington Newton

Stanley ...

3 1

St. Helens Recs.

1 3 0 2

SECOND DIVISIOS:. Prescot Harlestown Newton Warrington St. Helens jteos. 4 1 3 0 2 St. Helens 2 0 2 0 0 Stanley

Warrington first were without a fixture on Saturday and several of .their men turned out for the second eleven in their match with Walker's Brewery, and assisted very materially to secure the verdict. Batting first on a slow wicket the brewery men were unable to time the deliveries of Callon and Plinston and were all tumbled out for 32. Cook was the only player to do himself justice and was top scorer with 12. When they took the field Walker's played keenly but were unable to keep down the Warrington score which reached 120. Thewlis was the most prominent batsmen and his 38 was scored by vigorous and attractive play.

In the Warrington and District League St. James are a good second to Orford Barracks and in fact promise to wrest from them the honour of holding the first position, as with a match in hand they are only one point behind. The soldiers had an unusually exciting time on Saturday as can be judged from the fact that their game with Bewsey Wesleyans ended in a tie, both slabs scoring 87.

Out of four matches played Cheshire Lines Engineers have won one and on Saturday they were defeated by St. James. Batting first, Duckworth and Riley, by scoring 15 and 11 respectively enabled the score to be carried to 46. When St. James' came to bat none of their men did anything very brilliant, but there was some all round good play, and 54 was totalled before the last wicket fell.

Both Castle Rubber and Walker's Brewery have yet to win their first match as both have played three and lost three. On Saturday the first-named team met Mackie's eleven and went down. Batting first, the printers ran up 42 out of which Fell contributed 12. Woodhead and Burrell then worked havoc amongst the wickets with the result that Castle Rubber were all out for 25.

Batting on their own ground Grappenhall scored 56 agsinst Crosfleld's, Carter claiming 21 of the runs. Crosfield's opened their innings well, but later a rot set in and half of the men failed to score. Had Dixon, who was 14 not out, had a little more support there might have been a different tale to tell. As it was the soapmakers retired beaten by IS.

After several weeks of more or less indifferent work the Rev. T. T. Lee-Jones on Saturday found his form, and ran up 39 not out for Moore and Darqsbury against Penketh. Largely owing te his efforts his side won with ease, scoring 96 against 35. For Penketh, W. Stevens was the top scorer with 18.

Sankey Wire Mills had a light task set them on Satirday by Widnes White Rose, and ran out easy winners. For the losers J. Wilcock batted well for 16, whilst for the Wire Mills, Clarko (22) and Whitfield (10) were the principal scorers. The game between the Second Elevens requited also in a victory for the Sankey team,•anct to tuts end W. Garet was the principal con- tributor with 15, out of a total of 43.

Sankey and Arpley Athletic, two junior teams, met at Sankey on Saturday, and the victory rested with the homesters, who by all round play ran up 44. Out of 23 scored by their opponents Finch recorded 13, and was also the most successful batsman during the match.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

The next two weeks will witness the close of the first round of the Warrington Works Bowling competition, and then for smile weeks the team competitions will be suspended and the annual individual main opened. This is a new order of things and promises to lend additional interest to the close of the season as the finals in both the team and individual competition will take place on the same day. In the past the main has been no small undertaking and there is every indication that the num- ber of entries will this year be larger than ever. Persons desiring to take part in the competition should com- municate at once with the officers of the Association. The second round of the works tournament will consist of one match only—between aresnings and P. and K.— so as to prevent byes in future stages.

Last Saturday further progress was made in connec- tion with the first round, three matches being decided. The closest finish of the afternoon was between Thewßs and Griffiths and Castle Rubber, the first named team winning by eleven points. From the start the victors obtained the lead and though they suffered several r verses they never lost the initial advantage. The same thing applied to he games between Rylands and Monks, Hall and Crlsfields and Fletchers, the first named clubs in eaeh case leading throughout and winning with ease.

Some good trundling was seen during the course of the afternoon's play and in one game in particular between Deakin and flaslaro there was a long fight and twenty-five ends were played before Haslam claimed the verdict. After the opening chalks had been divided Haslam ran from 3-2 to 9-6 when Deakin again secured the block and ran to 12-11. Haslam equalized and then the players again divided the points until 14 all when Haslam got a good wood home. Going to the other extreme J. Dagnall, jun., only required ten ends in which to polish off his opponent and seven times he got both of his woods home.

Liberals and Conservatives indulged in a close fight over the latter's green in Sankey-street, the verdict being secured by the home team by 23 points. The Liberals were not altogether happy on the green, and it was some time before they could get going, as witness the faot that they lost the singles and won the doubles. It wai.; rather singular that W. Taylor and H. Fogg should both lose when playing singly, but when operat- ing together should turn the tables on J. Billing° and S. Caldwell by 13-1. To-day the Liberals meet the Saracen's Head players, and are hoping to taste the sweets of victory.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Water Polo.

The Warrington Swimming 'Club opened their season last Tuesday, when they played the famous Hyde Seal team in a friendly match at Hyde. The result was a victory of 5 goals to 2 for the home team. This was not a great beating considering the difference in the teams. The first match in the Liverpool and District League Competition takes glace on Thursday evening next at the Baths, Legh-street, when Southport will be the visitors. This should prove to be a very good match and the locals should about win. The team will be selected on Tuesday evening.

The Committee commence the series of members' handicaps, which so successful last season, next Thurs-- day, when there will be a5O yards junior members' handicap. They have also reduced the prices on this occasion with the idea of making the interest in swim- ming and water polo more popular and it is to hoped that their efforts will be successful.

The various secretaries of the Works Athletic Clubs are reminded that the entrees for the Works Squadron Competition (Sir Gilbert Greenall Challenge Shield) close on Monday, June 10th, inclusive. Any particulars may be obtained from the Secretary of the Swimming Club.

The Committee are making qrrangements for the Liverpool Westminster Ladies' Swimming Club to come and give an exhibition of swimming and life saving. Further particulars will be announced later.

Catherine Owen, a widow, of Ty Hen, Llanfaelog, Anglesey, who has just died, aged ninety-three, lived for sixty-five years in the same hou3e, and during all those years only made one journey out of the county, and then only to Bangor, a few miles distant.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
AWN

===== 0002601_19070601_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
A CROSS APPEAL

on the ground that the plaintiffs, who are traders,cannot bring this action for damages and return of tolls paid by them under section 88 of the Act of 1883, and sections 1, 2. and 6 of the agreement of 1896, which was confirmed by the Act of 1896. It is said that the duty laid upon the Ship Canal Company by those Acts was a contractual duty, at all events, in part, and that as the plaintiffs were not parties to the contract they cannot sue for breach of it. I entirely agree with the view taken by the Court of Appeal affirming Mr. Justice Byrne on this part of the case, and have nothing further to say on the subject. I think the most convenient way of dealing with the case will be to restore the order of ltS Ongni..l variations inserted by the Court of Appeal, and I move your lordships in that sense. Lord James, Lord Robertson, and Lord Collins con- curred, and judgment was given Accordingly.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
linen last longer

.-:0.:$7,;&•;!"e::,:uti;'.4•••;•••„,....t..:;•:••:. :••,:;:•-•-:-.., ....;- fitit!;!!-4,11%;:,..:4:0,0itr0:%;-:;C:i•ti.:t:-i.V..;::;.:,?:;.:446:71t:.-:,:%, gfi;',..,lT:::, ,"*-11:7* •Xtap-, , ‘.: '26 .'4 I.t- ' ' V 41''':*. i ~...1:' .N.: '.;:;l.;ieft.:44:f;ti: 41.4.'1i...5.e;:... af,44,1413:311;gi.if,'"; sit -„,.,,. „,,:, :„..,....„,,,,, , ~...„4„..,...,..,,,.., .... "14:,tc,441,,- .--.-• - •• ' , • Makes _.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
M•• I • •I • I • I• • •Nomm-

I I i

===== 0002601_19070601_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
NC ALMOST UNBEARABLE

Eczema in Sorel Red Patches Like Ringworm Spread Over Body and Limbs—Physician No Help— GraduallyGrewWorse—Could Not Work With Comfort—Relieved In One Day and At Last

===== 0002601_19070601_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
IS PERFECTLY CURED BY CUTICURA REMEDIES

"About October of last year I noticed a small round red patch on each of my lower limbs, not unlike ringworm. It gradually got so large and irritating that I could not go on with my work in comfort. Finally, sores began to spread all over both of my limbs, and the itching and pain was so acute that I consulted a doctor, who said the com- plaint was eczema. He gave me some salve, which I used for several weeks. Instead of improving, however, they gof gradually worse, and the soreness and itching at last got almost unbear- able. I tried all kinds of other oint- ments, which did me no good. "One day I happened to see an account of how Cuticura Remedies had cured a. case something like my own, and I de- termined to try them. The following day I had less discomfort, and after using the Cuticura Remedies awhile my skin began to heal. The itching and irritation died away and the skin Itself, assumed a healthier appearance, too. Perseveranco with Cuticura has npw resulted in a perfect cure. The quantity I required was two tablets of Cuticura Soap, two boxes of Cuticura Ointment, and one vial of Cuticura Pills. I will always reoommend Cuti- cura to my friends. Daniel Steptoe, 26, Barrymore Ave., Queenstown, Feb. 8, 1906."

===== 0002601_19070601_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
SKIN HUMOURS

Et:reams, Tetters, Rashes, Itching's, Irritatlons and Chafings Cured by Cuticura. Warm baths with Cuticura Soap, gen- tle anointings with Cuticura Ointment and mild doses of Cuticura Pills, afford Immediate relief and point to a speedy cure of torturing, disfiguring humours of the skin, scalp and blood of infants. - children and adults, when all else fails. A Single Set often Cures. Sold throughout the world. Depots: London. 27, Cluirterhouse Sq.: Parts. 6, Rue de la raiz: Australia, R. Towns & Co.. Bydney: Potter Drug & Chem. Corp.. Sole Props. Isr•Post-free Cutleurn Book on Skin Diseases. :::IBEST FAMILY MEICJICINE

WORSDELL'S Kaye,s ip • In Use 100 years. Are a certain cure for Indigestion, Biliousness, Besdaebs, Dys=, Constipation, Liver and Kidney Complaints. &c. Invaluable for Of all Chemists, 2/9, and 4/6 per box, or on receipt: of amount 53, St. George's, Norwich. TOOTH-ACHE

OURBD INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S Preventse. 1e Decays sih Savests Prevented, Extraction, 114 EU RALGI74, HEADACHE, NERVINE and all NERVE PAINS removed by BUNTER'S NgRVINE, All Stores, Is. VA. or receipt of amount 13, ST. GEORGES STREET, NORWICH. "As a specific of Toothache it has no equal. I hays used it inecerif oily for re.rs."—Pßov, W WiLoos.

SOLD BVERYWHERE at Is. 10., 2s. 94.145.64.1 and Us g LUNG TONIC-

Till 7i-jOILD'S MIN

MERRY WEATHER'S 1-11611-CLASS GARDEN HOSE.

62, LONG ACRE, LONDON.

Largest makers of High-class Hose in the world.

.• i. cotifTA _ ~. .„...... ... u 1.1._ , 1 ..,..„..,.....v......t,i0...,:t0r....._. .y ;... - ::!: t•er ' , I ~ • ~....., :,... . , .... .. ~,, .......v.„ • •

Dr. SCOTT'S PILLS PREVENT DISEASE

They have been specially prescribed by a qualified medical man, to remove the causer of disorde?, and act as a tonic to the whole syi:tem, thus preventing disease. Their action is gentle, but their restorative and beneficlal effects are unmistakeable in the most obstinate cares of LIVER COM- PLAINT, INDIGESTION, CONSTIPATION, HEADACHE, and all kindred ailments. Can be obtained at all Chcinists and Stores Wrapped in squar green packages. 1/1i and 219 per box.

1 ADIES' LATEST HAIR COMES

Set of 3, Post Free, 16. Lovely Decoration. Mention paper. MANACER, BRIARBANK, TIIETFORD._

===== 0002601_19070601_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
g,,,

- Who

lewrms, •YlttA

CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and. Bunions. It Softens sn4 Removbs all hard callosities= the oies of the feet_ If you suffer cry a box, you will nevserecret it.

tiLts.dlEß'S 13 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, tuelther ! sex, all acquired fi r constitutional discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and P..lne in the back. irrise from , Mercury. Established upwards of 3t, years. In boles 45.. Bd. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through• on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lideoln.— : Advt. To Mourkes.--Mrs. WINSLOWB Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their childrat while teething, with perfect success: It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produoes natuarl quiet slew, by relieving the child from pain , and the little cherub awakes as bright as a battora "of • all Chemistsls. lid. per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19070601_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
wimmil

===== 0002601_19070601_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Cht erammer 'erte'

OF WEBK-END NEWSParIihS COMPRISES : Titiß WARRINGTON a MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINBR, published every Samrday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh Winwick, Padgate, Lymm. &c., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- hire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper coin- crises n large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca- phire and Mid-Cheshire. !Pali RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday 1 morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. 91148 WIDNES EXAMINER published every Saturday 1. morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a piilv crscU. yttri )1 industry. rpm& E&RLESTOW N AND NEWTON isX.A.MINER, 1_ published every Satnrday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Rarleitown, Newton-le- Willows, Ciolborne, Haydock, Lowton. to. The district- thus morii -d 11 9fn )st, imp)rti i isrt of the LillCAitlite coal- Ids.

rlllll3 ST. HRLFINS pnbltsned every 1 Saturday morning, circulating In St. Helens, Preacot, Parr. Sutton. Pefslev Oros. Ice --the centre of the Gla.s, Chemi2al and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVFIRTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTEr. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three Rix Thirteen Wcrds. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 13 ... Os. Bd. ... Is. 31. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 27 ... Os. 94. ... ls. 104. ... 3s. N. ... ss. Od. 35 ... is. 01. ... 2s. 6.4. ... 4s. 03. ... 6s. od. 45 ... Is 31. ... 3s. Id. ... ss, Od. ... 7s. Oct 54 ... Is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. ... 10s. Od.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
El mut-Mt( Rs'erbant4, eft.

IvANTI4II, COOK.-fittNBRAL ; state wage.—Mrs. CUFF, Preston Bank. Charley.

WAPTBD a goo," GBNRRAL, age about 18.— PRESTON, 7, n range at., Bare, Morecambe.

VV./INTIM good aI3NIIRAL.—AppIy Mrs. COOPER, Mae Bell, Floreemarket et., Warrington.

WANTBD a STRONG GIRL age about 1 —Address Mrs. AuQn,, 56 Wel!Mean se., Elton. Bury.

waNTEn, GRNRRAL at IVY MouNT, 39, Hawkshead et.. Sonthplrt, for Bth of June. Four in gamily.

WANTHD GRNIIRAL, wages £lB to £29 —Address WOODROYDR. Harbor°. rd., Aehton-on-Mersev.

W/INTIM fIRNERAL , good references : three in family. —l3,Dr -Atli:Km RD.. Whe'ley Range, Minehester.

WANTED etroncr G E ENRAL ; gooi reference' requlred. GEORGIC FiTUBB9, Starnfori flntel Altrincham.

WANTIM COOK-GIiNBRAL ; fßmily of three.—Applv, Mrs. HOLDBN, 19, P,rk Avenne, Clitheroe, Lanes.

WANTRD. at once, COOK-GRNRRAL ; Good reference required.—Apply RAILWAY HOTEL. Rarlestown.

WANTEID, mood COOK-GRICRRAL, two other melds kept.—Mrs.Jomrsow, Brinkington Home. Etockport.

WANTHD COOK, and HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS. at once, experteneed.—Apply THE CETFT, St. Annes on-Rea.

WANTED, In June, good GENERAL; family 3; washing out.--- Apply, by letter, ST. Titoncts's VICARAGE, Preston.

Wfittalln, GIRL, 14 to 16, for housework. Wages 2s. 6d. to corn mence.—KwowLEs, 180. Sonthbank 73.,

Southport.

WANTBD COOK-GBISBRAL ; Part washing. No registry need apply. —Mrs. KE LANS, Baxenden House, near Accrington.

WANTIM—COOK, gond, plain, at once, help given.— Apply letter on'y. Mrs. EATON, Gorey Hey, Higher Bebington, Cheshire.

WANTED experienced SHRVANTS for Hotels, Hydros. Schools and private. Good wages.—Mrs. DEAN. 31, Talbot.rti., Blackpool.

it R. Bnomt.Gß, 71, Brighton st. Seacombe. rPquires LV 1l clas•es of Domestic Servants veth good characters. Good wages givPw. -

\Nr!DOW desires engagement, HOUSEK BSPHR.— Domesticated. good cook ; highest references —5l. S., Harmer sr., Gravesend,

NVASTED for June I.4th.COOK-GI MBIIAL,four in family HousPrnala Wai+resa kept.—Apply by letter.— TILSTON. Woodcroff, Tiov/ake.

WANTED a NURSEMAID age about 23, Pro.estest. for girl 5f years of ace; references,—Apply 8.H., •50 Winviick at., Warrington.

We...L1113. Witty &Ls Pi (Mt f rafteee : send stamped envelope for reply.--Hoves RE3ISTRY, 38, Foxhall rd., Blackpool.

Rigun Nvid) NANTISID, for country business house ; Osix ,n family ; no young children.—Mrs. W. Hotrowrox. Market st., M.lington Lancs.

- WANTED refined GENERAL, Inly 6th minister's family; kind horn,. ; good la,.alth and character necessary.— CRAPPEL, Bank House. Nelson

NriNTHD, strong G/liL as MINIMAL ; country girl not o` j-cted I.—Apply by letter before Monday Mn. MASSEY, Cestrian Hotel, Chester

W ANTHICI, expf-cenced COOK; 3 maids k.pt ; no washing ; not ov*r 3J; Cimrch o! Inglani.- Mrs. IL Spting-moant, Bacup, Limes.

WANTIM, GRNltiliaL ; who can wish; small house; three in family ; state wages and references.—YErs. CHFRTHANI, 158, Shaw Heath, Stoarport.

\AT ANTBD. COOKi. Kitcbenmaids, Waitresses. botch', V Housemaid-Waitresses, Gook-Generals, £2O, £22, private.—PaseToa's, 44, Clbarles at., Blackpool. - _ NiVANTRD Good GIMIRAL from 18 to 20, able to wash and do plain cooking; three In family ; for Blackpool. —Apply 18, LIVICIIP.SOL RD., aeht3n-in-Itlakerfiail.

A,ITANTBD, resppctable young PIifISON EkIiNBRAL ; !Nr also to assist In small business ; country girl preferred. Apply Mrs. W. B. MILLER. 33, Theiwall lane.Warrington.

WVA NTED GENERAL SERVANT (Catholic) in presbytery two priests ; ablfq to help with washing. Address " HoUSERREPER," 46 Burlington it.. Ashton-under-Lyne.

WANTED GENERAL experienced. for June 2lst, small family, youngest 3 no washing, references required. £l4.—Y, 9, Wasdale rd. Walton Vale, Aintree, Liverpool.

IRS. RWI3 requires many good and plain COOKS 1.71 H.M. Waitresses. Housemaids, superior Generals and under seryants.—SELEcT REGISTRY, Rusholme, Manchester.

SUP FIRIO R Generals, Cook-Generals, Housemaids, Waitresses Wanted. Immediately ; fares paid ; good wages ; no delay.—Write Miss NEWTON, Great Underbank, Stockport.

--,--- WANTIID strong COUNTRY GIRL all general help. Comfortable home for a respectable bonest girl.— Apply SENIOR, Mother Red Cap Inn, Accrington rd., Blackburn.

A S COACHMAN or OPUOM COACHMAN ; willing and oblißing ; thcroußbly experienced ; 9 years hi last situation ; tett threugh death ; excellent references.— H AYCOCK, 4, Byton View, Johnstown, Huabon,

WANTED COOK-GENERAL; mutt be clean, Rood worker, steady, honest, sober; comfortable home ; good vrigPs to •uitftble person ; referenees.-193. SELBLNIK BD., New Brighton.

WII ANTD Country GENTIR AL (Protestant), respectable , cleanly, heatthy ; fon of children ; good references , state wages ; cninfortable borne.—' ALPHA," 26, Towngate, Leyland. near Preston.

WANTBD R B3EI, rzpettence4, at once, must have good referer ce, also girl shout 17, to help In pantry.- -Apply letter only. Mrs. EATON, Gorsey Efv, Higher Bebington, Cheshire.

WANTED RNA COOK £2i (itabenmaid kent), SURSH (expertence-1) for young chl,dren ; also Wattresses. Housemaid-Waltressee and experienced Cook-General.—Mrs. M(4+7'1)1E13,17, Hale rd., Altrinel,am.

WANTED, for Bowdon and Hale HOU9tIHAID- WAITILESS ; good home ; small family. Good General. two in family ; El& Cook-General, four In family ; two maids ; £2O. Good General, one gentleman ; £2O ; another maid kept. Gook-General, two in family ; two maids ; £2O• Several otner situations waiting.--Mrs. BRooxg, 9, Orford rd.. Altrineharn.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
4`171) be let.

PENKBTH.-4001 HOITSRS WITH GARDIINS, 3s. 94 per week, also Cottages 3s. Eld. and 2s. Bd. per week. IVY LODGR,FROGHALL LANR. reduced rent. WASH I ANN M LL STREET. OFFICRS,ground floor. Also upper rooms. V7ORKROOMS near Bridge otreet, rent 58. per week. 47, NEW ROAD, rent 4s. 94. per week. BANK STREET, 7 Stall Stable with good Yard and Cart Shed. COMM; SHOP 2, School Urow, reduced rent ss,' 84. per week. 59, CATHBRINSI S RRIIT, rent 41. per week. Apply Ronrcur LOWE, Bstate Agent,No. 1 Bank-street War- On:gnu. Telephone—No 56.

TO LET 17, FOLLY LANE.—Apply Worms SON Solicitors. Hormesnasket Street, Warrington.

'rro LET, HOUSE, Knutoford rd. Beautified throughout. Rent £l7. Apply JAS. B. ALMISD, Leigh Villas. Grapnenhall,

rpo LET.—GOOD HOUSR. Hopwood it.; 3 bedrooms; I rent ss. 61.—Apply WOODS & SON, Solicitors, Horse— market it.

-- MO LET GOOD HOUSE, Parker street, rent Ms. month 1. clear, will he cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODS & Warrington. Sox, Solicitors.

fIWELLING-HOUSH.—TO Bit MIT, with immediate _L possession, No. 19, Stanley st., containing two enter- taining rooms, kitchen, scullery and Pantry; five bedrooms nsthroom ; outside washhouse lint £25 ; there is an /meal to both houses from St. Austin's hum—Apply J. and W. Durror, Sankey at., Warringtom

um anteb

WRANTD.—Genuine old prints, curios, china or anything Old.—' CAM,' 17 Thomas at., Woolwich.

(11__UNMAREIRS.—Flret—elass Repairer (General), able to Reato:k.—C.. 22, Rostrevor rd., Fulham, London

ater colour prints, also old Cockfighting Y prints —H. E. LIGHTPOOT, 72 Fortess pi., London.

Par tn ersbi p 15, 33 usfnessrs.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
jifiattfirtoup

Ruitultural Vroburt, filants, Scr

DHDDING;GBRANIUMS, ldoz. 25., 2 doz. 3,4 doz. 41., free.—OnAntEss, Guernsey-.

VTT HITH VIOLKTS. 18. ls. 3ci. ; Pinks, Gaillardlas 15 Is. 3(1. Free.-8., 1, Cranmer Villas, Mitcham.

MANURES MANURES.

JAMES TOOLE & SONS, LTD. 3 MANURE MANUFACTURERS, LONGFORD WORKS, WARRINGTON.

Telegrams—TOOLE, LONGFORD WORKS WARRINGTON. Telephone. No. 299. BLOOD AND BONN LIANUIIIi

Is the most valuable known, and one of the best Fertilizers on the market. cennt .t to 250 SPECIAL CONCENTRATED ORGANIC MANURE. pe perr cent. Price os 'D PHOEPHATES A Price £5 per ton (Free on Rails Warrington). SPECIAL COMPOUND MANURE. Analysis—AMMONlA E to 3 per cent. PHOOPH&TIRS 5 to 8 per cent. Price 2.3 per ton (Free on Rails Warrington Special Discount for Cash audlArge Quantities.

fl(isttlianeotts, en valts, eft.

POSTCARDS.—Latest oomic. quick-selling ; le. 25 samples. VlCTolio 13 /Olen rd., London, N.

DOUCE BOOTS.— Solid guaranteed soles, any sizes 5s 11d. free.—WoonnousE, 64. Gough at., Poplar.

DOOTS.-Buy direct ; ssve shop profits ; lists free.— STEVENs, the Direct Boot Suppliers, Leicester.

CiGAR BANDS for decorative purposes. 100 6,1. ; 500 2s. ; 1,000, 3s. 3d.-11oE. 65, Fenctaurch et., London, B.C. ATOTHIDIR.—King of insect Fowciers ; is. tin free ; 1_ marvellous re.sulta.—RonN & SONS. Furriers, Cork.

A DV/gait:4SG PAYS! When I write the advertise- /11 mentr.—A. J. W., 1..55 Abbott rd., Poplar, London.

11111ENCH 1.0 POUNDS.—Own Master, Agent and and Work_ 1 Pbop. Write fully,Bl3Aamax, Ashton, Bessingby,Yorks.

HOT-Alit BAS.Tri FOR SALIi with Bunsen burner and gas connection. —Address or apply 212. WiLbioispooL HD.

PIANOS ! ! All latest improvem-ntm ; enormous brain ; only £l2 each. pa,ked.-249, KINGSLAND RD., Lonlon.

.11flpi UT?SHCHET ; recipe Bd.; works wonders. —F. W. AIARRII, 16, Brist .1 Terrace, Chapelfield rd.. Norwich.

100 IVORY VldlrltiG CARD 3 (name address), Is. agents wanted.—JACKSlS, Printer. Stony Stratford

rrYPItr'7IIII'IN(i and Duplicating aocuralsely and promptly 1 executed.—C443Aß, 10. Grange ad., Canonbury.

PMlitY'S Perfect Violin Strings; magnlfient tone; sample string eld.—PEnfors, Bishop's Stortford, Herts.

BOOK-KEEPING is a reel pleasure when you adopt ALBCO'S GOLD MEDAL SYSTEM; simple, concise, comprehensive; AWA.III3I.IID DIPLOMA for highest order of merit Newcastle-on-Tyne 1902; sixty-one other Gold Medals have also been awarded to '' Salboo." This system is original, unique and effectivie ; minimises writing. conse- quently saves time, labour, and expense; nothing com- plicated about it; prevents mistakes, shows every detail at a glance; relieves your mind of worry; simple yet efiective ; 2s. 6ci. post free.--Bar.Boo, 25, Belmont rd., Sts. Andrew's, Bristol.

Itqlsellancous, en talrs, rtc.

lii.l3Aft'iON'd Weeirly Competition, most reliab!e soltetione L offered ; send Is. JENKINS, 9, New rd., Calne•

BJars. mixed Hap ; genuine. Send particulars. —STORES, 20, Chaplin 0., West Ham, B.

STAGE. Dramatic and variety. Thoee desirous commencing. stamped enve'ope. —A. WARWICK, Bax rd., Manchester.

4,z HARBS WANTBD.—Advertieer is prepared to buy a few 1.3 SHARES in some Company carrying on business within 40 miles of Warrington. State lowest for prompt cash. Reply sent to all letters. Write I'INVZSToR" do Mr. 0. W LIPNER, Builder, 88, Ce2il rd , Upton Manor, Elssex.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
iftontp

===== 0002601_19070601_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
BRebtral

DEAFNRS.S.-111fedical Specialised Remedy, ls.. post free. —395 SAFE' DSPO9/ I, Manchester.

-Linzgaile.—Stire safe— cure. Recipe and list free.— THWAITER, Herbalist, Stockton-on—Tees.

ITOMAND RINGWOUM:i currd by using tioSICOLA, per bottle.---liosEoLl WORKS. Melbourne, Yorks,

(ARRSITY Reducing Pills, sate,efficacious, post free, Ps. 10d --kluoaxs& Husass, York Grove, Brighton, Sussex.

TICKET BOOKS, FOOTBALL FIXTURES, ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed ie-rn plate or type. 4 THE EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON

faotor ears,eptits, (sarriageO, etc

T, TYELBS.—Write for wholesale list.—GEE, BIRKS & Co., Bootle Rubber Works, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
11 EIE EXAMINER.

JUNE Ist. 1907

We wish that the attitude THE of the Conservative party in GOVERNMENT the House of Commons in AND THE regard to our Colonial COLONIES. relationships were SS unintelligible as it looks. That it is unintelligent, reckless, frankly mis- chievous, there can be no doubt. It was curiously illustrated on Wednesday during question time. Mr. ARTHUR LEE wished to know whether there would be a provision in the Estimates for the expense of entertaining our Colonial visitors, and, if so, on which vote the question would arise ? Was it to be further understood, he further went on to inquire, that the Colonial Ministers were the guests, not of the Government, but of the nation? A supplementary question was evidently intended to be insulting. "May I ask" said Mr. LEE, speaking of Mr. WINSTON CHURCHL, ,6 whether he thinks that his Majesty's Government represent the country in this matter?" Queries of this kind do not embarass Mr. CHURCHILL. Drawing him is like drawing the badger. He answers with tooth and claw. The Government, of course, does not represent the nation. In such a case, party has nothing to do with the matter; but, if it were otherwise, the Opposition could have no right of complaint, for the Government has precisely followed the example set by Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. Mr. CHURCHILL,is'much more than equal to any of his antagonists. We do not solicit commissera- tion for him because he has to answer stupid or mischievous questions. He likes it. But we do protest most earnestly,and not without indignation, against the now long-continued effort of the Opposition to make trouble between ourselves and the Colonies. It began as soon as his Majesty's present Ministers accepted office, and it has gone on without intermission. On the occasion of the Natal rising, there was a deliberate attempt to incite the Natal Ministry to absolute defiance of Downing-street. Similar efforts were made in connection with the Transvaal. The few Con- servatives who sit on the Opposition benches of the House of Commons seam to have got it into their heads that it must be a good thing to pretend that they are in a special manner the friends of the Colonies. That is gross and palpable humbug, of course. The Colonial record of the Conservative party does not bear looking into. The historic utterance on the subject came from MT. DISRAELI, who wrote to the EARL OF CLAREN- DON that " the Colonies are a millstone round our necks." Mr. CHURCHILL on Wednesday expressed surprise that a member of the " constitu- tional " party should suggest that the Ministers I of the day, holding office under the Crown, havel not a right to speak on behalf of the nation. The

surprise was justified, but we shall take the liberty of believing that Mr. CHURCHILL has lost the capacity of being surprised by what may be said or suggested on the benches opposite. We have an Opposition which for the first time is unpatriotic in pursuit of a proposal which is merely a party cry. It does not hesitate to say or do what, if it produced any effect at all, could only tend towards the dis- ruption of the Empire. Fortunately, its efforts in that direction have failed as conspicuously as its efforts to carry the cause of Tariff Reform at the polls. The incessant speeches of Mr. DEAKIN and one of his colleagues from the Commonwealth of Australia are already forgotten. They failed to make the mischief they were intended to create. It is from General BOTHA that we hear what was the real feeling produced by the Imperial Conference among the sounder sort of Colonial Statesmen. General BOTHA., though he would not trust himself to speak our language, understood the mind of his Majesty'l3 Ministers. He knows that the present Govern- ment is as friendly to the Colonies as it is possible for any Government to be, and he also sees with great clearness that it is absurd to ask the Mother CoHntry, with all its teeming millions and all its burden of taxation, to change its fiscal system on behalf of Colonies whose average of prosperity is much higher than its own.

There is only a light COUNCILLOR STOTT '8 agende for next Tuesday's LITTLE PROGRAMME. Council meeting, and it would be still lighter but for the programme of special business which Coun- cillor Stott has introduced with a zeal for the public welfare which can be commended. No less than three topics claim Councillor Stott's atten- tion, and each one is of considerable interest. First of all he will introduce a motion to obtain a return of the expenses paid to each member of the Council for serving on deputations during the three years ending May 31st, 1007. Whether or no the Labour member suspects that there hare been uncalled-for junketings at the ratepayers' expense we do not know, but the information he seeks may be instructive. On the minutes of the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee coming up Councillor Stott will interrogate the Chairman with reference to the provision of additional and cheaper bathing facilities, a resolution in favour of which was passed last December. Apparently nothing has been done, and Councillor Stott wishes to know why, and when the Committee proposes to take up the scheme. Another batch of questions he has in pickle for the Chairman of the General Purposes Committee with regard to the often shelved widening of Warrington Bridge, and the construction of a new bridge at Howley. The Chairman of this committee is the Mayor (Alderman Smethurst) who used to be more i pertinacious than anyone n regard to this self-same scheme. We cannot believe that he has lost all interest in it since he ascended the Mayoral chair and here, at any rate, the questioner should be sure of a sympathetic reply. It would make Alderman Smethurst's mayoralty memorable if he could carry through these great improvements during his term of office. He has now an unequalled opportunity, and we hope he will take advantage of it.

The protracted litigation WARRINGTON AND between the traders of THE SHIP CANAL. Warrington and the Man- chester Ship Canal Company with reference to the dredging of the Mersey has ended in a great victory for the traders. The House of Lords on Wednesday delivered judgment in the appeal of the traders against the findings of the Court of Appeal, and the result is that the decision of the late Mr. Justice Byrne is upheld and the company are bound to fulfil their statu- tory obligations to preserve a channel of a depth of Bft. at low water of spring tides. The decision is a momentous one and its effects will be far reach- ing. The obligations enforced upon the company are onerous but in order to facilitate the passing- of the Ship Canal Bill the promoters certainly agreed to maintain a dredged channel in the Mersey at Warrington and they should not be allowed to evade their responsibilities. It is of immense importance to the welfare of the town that the river traffic should not be impeded and when it is stated that one firm alone carries something like 12,000 tons per month on the Mersey to and from Warrington it will be realized with what great issues this dispute has been fraught. The carrying trade of Warrington with Liverpool is, we believe, many thousands of tons per month, and it is a great advan- tage to the traders to take their goods down the river to Liverpool and ship direct there, alongside the great iliners. The construction of the canal has made it necessary that the solid material which is brought up by the tides and deposited in the reach of the river at Wurington must be removed by dredger instead of as formerly by water. The remit of the Lords' findings is that Wa rrington's carrying trade is permanently secured. Owing to the state of the river, however, the traders have been obliged to make frequent use of the canal and a toll has been levied. Under the judgment, this money has to be returned. The traders are to be congratulated upon their victory, and the only pity is that the matter should have aroused 80 much antagonism and litigation with the company. Meanwhile the new Ship Canal Bill is under the consideration of a Com- mittee of the House of Commons and the War- rington Corporation and traders are offering strong opposition on the ground that the proposals would involve considerable loss to the traders of the town owing to the increased salinity of the water which it is feared would result. This question is also a serious one for Warrington, and we hope the Committee will see that the interests of the town do not suffer.

The agate, a silicious stone THE GEM OF used in jewellery, a variety JUNE. of chalcedony, is symbolical of June. Its meaning is " Health and Long Life," and in the zodiacal signs the agate denotes Scorpio. In ancient folk-lore, the agate was supposed to render a person invisible and to turn swords of foes against themselves. But when Shakespeare men tions,in "Romeo and Juliet," "In shape no bigger than an agate-stone," he does not refer to the gem, but to a fount in printing called the "agate," which was smaller than our pre- sent "minion." The lapidary, or artist who engraves precious stories, thinks highly of the agate with its bands of various colours blended together, as it can be cut in an exquisite manner. So, in "Mach Ado," we have a reproach to the engraver in the line, "An Agate very vilely cut." Again in "Love's Labour's Lost," an inhuman brute is described as having a "heart like an agate." But, in "Henry 1V.," the words," I was never manned with an agate till now," have a diflerent significance. No master of language ever played more wonderfully with the meanings of words than did the Bard of Avon.' The term agate formerly meant a very diminutive person, Queen Mab being no bigger than an agate- stone on the fore-finger of an alderman, so that an ordinary man compared as a colossal giant beside her. The origin of the name was due to the river Achates in Sicilly, where sapphires, pearls, ernerals, and ruby-red " achates" were found in abundance.

For a second Royal Spanish ANOTHER SPANISH wedding the bride comes WEDDING. from what may now be called an English family. The recent Royal birth displaced a little heir- presumptive; it is his widowed father who is to he the bridegroom. The bride comes from a Twickenham family. She it, the Princess Louise of Orleans, xv hose three elder sisters (one of them the Queen of Portugal, was boro by the River Thames. Her brother, of course, is the Duo d'Orleans, the Royalist Pretender to the French throne, and it was a curious coin- cidence that when, a few months ago, he was in England for the Requiem Mass at Wey-

.01.1.74,111'

bridge for the repose of the Comte de Paris's 9„eol, the Bonapartist Pretender, Prince Victor 24apoleon, was also in London. The Comtesse de Paps has always been on good terms with the British Royal Family. The Duke, like all Pre tenders who know their business, is still looking for the happy day when his throne shall be res- tored to him. "when the day comes I shall know how to reward," he wrote, in the true Royal fashion, to a Deputy of the French Chamber about a twelvemonth ago. The other Pretender, in a lianifesto, has declared that if circumstances " called upon me to place my life and death at the service of France, I should come" Princess Louise has a younger brother in the Spanish navy. Don 9arlos, whom she weds, is King Alfonso's brother- -11?-law, his wife being the Princess of Asturias who died three years ago. Of Bourbon-Sicily, he was duly naturalised in his late wife's country. He is expected to fetch his bride from England, where the will be married from Wood Norton, the resid- Epee of her remarkable brother and head of the 'ersily, the Due d'Orleans.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Viscount Cross celebrated his eighty-fourth birth- '43' yesterday. * * * The fact that the King has honoured Mr. John Kirk 'Would tend to show that it is not only those who do tothing to deserve it who are knighted nowadays.— " London Opinion." * * The speed of heavy locomotives locally is to be restricted. Oh, that some wise Government would restrict these dangerous, clattering juggernauts alt'agether ! Roads were never intended for such traffic, which is nothing but a public nuisance. One who has been paying a round of visits at Wel- N..7.erth brings back the following copy of a window 'TA seen by him there: DUKS HEGS KNEW LADE WARANTED. * * VA A well-known military man who could use strong Ilanguage better than he could play golf was flattered ‘0 find quite a crowd of people following him around Me course one day. "I hope," he said gallantly, ,he I'll play well enough to reward you for your !and attendance." "Oh it isn't that, major," replied a voice from the back, "we came to listen."—" The rratler."

* * * Party political picnicking has recommenced, and a eod season is expected. The Junior Conservatives 4ad the first of their evening' bus drives on Tuesday 'enin,g. We are pleased to see Toryism taking to !Ille Open so boldly. Fresh air may blow away some of e myths and cobwebs of Protection and class privilege. the way, it is said to be a fact that Tories—and Meularly Junior Tories—are easier driven than

* * A notable event next Monday. June 3rd, is the leception of the Indianliutiny officers by the King at hi'ckingham Palace. Chief among these is Earl berts, who (says the " Tatler") tells the following 14 former levee. A General C---- was presented to tieen Victoria, and her Majesty noticing that the Zallnnt veteran was minus his left hand symathetically oßked him in what campitign he lost it. Poor General ka"Thwho stammered horribly at the best of times, ge Dilaged to say, to the amusement of all present, "'"a-ra-ra-ra-ra-rabbit-shooting, your Majesty.

0 0" " t 1.11 wonder how many people (says X.Y.Z. in the tiZail Y News ") lose sticks and umbrellas daily. A. to-11148,1 imagine,would startle most people.Elappening B,lYe a hansom very hurriedly and somewhat uncon- ,4wonally the other evening, owing to the slippery 'eel, of the road affecting the horse's movements, I ea Irhind a stick which I had borrowed. Next day that r at Scotland Yard and found to my surprise stick was but one of a constant and steady stream of 104 and umbrella recoverers. The room where I larg" stick ticketed presented the appearance of a -8 Wholesale establishment. *

The health of those em—pto;ed in the Post Office 'eaves much to be desired. Unless an improvement eats in, Post Office employment will have to be Scheduled among the dangerous trades. Daring recent years there have been a number of suicides and Steady increase in the number of victims of consump- a and insanity among Post Office employees. The rntral Telegraph Office i 3 perhaps the chief offender. b-Ilte growth of consumption has in a sense been made eulio, thanks to the efforts of Mr. C. H. Garland, ttsecretary of the Postal Telegraph Clerks' Associa- :l, and a sanatorium has'been established by the staff 4.;) combat the ravages of this scourge. It was recently ;Petted by H.R.H. Princess Christian, and is quite

* * It is an interesting coincidence that Mr. J Whitley, Stockton Heath celebrates in the same year as the ihttnitive Methodist Centenary meetings his own as a preacher and speaker in the connexion. it Tudred years ago, when Primitive Methodism had ueginnings Warrington was represented at the I,Btorical inaugural gathering by Peter Phillips. lia"ay, Warrington is still to the fore, for Mr. Whitley a.attended the centenary celebrations as the only zitivited lay representative of an area including War- n Rton and extending to Manchester,Liverpool, Chester -uolton. Mr. Whitley has had many proud moments Zniiu long and useful life, but be values nothing so D'en as the part he was vouchsafed to play in the lirnitive Methodist Centenary.

The Witham (Essex) Fire Brigsde has a grievance eb has resulted in the resignation of the member th a body. The firemen had presented a requisition to e Council asking that they should be supplied with e°Per uniforms and outfits to take the place of the Ce,sent clothing, which was said to consist of large Iptnets white calico overalls, and big boots, the that they being " all to pieces." The firemen complained Itir' they li-ad become known as "the white ducks " a, en they appeared in the calico overalls, and they Tillced that they should be dressed like other brigades. e trban Council decided, after a very short discus- ...4o- that they could not spend £lO in p .oviding the `arms asked for and thereupon the resignations c wes_, refe handed in. The firemen are quite justified in ,tl4B,lng to be made laughing-stocks any longer, to a"f37 the parsinonious spirt of the Council. * Ifng sittings of local authorities are apt to become th.•Y monotonous, aa many of us know from expel:i- -11-nee. The members of the Darton Urban Council, pi.-,..!tever,have hit upon a novel plan of enlivening their -,,ractea' proceedings. At a special meeting which ..°l3,lleluded shortly before eight o'clock on Thursday h °„rning. after a continuous sitting of over thirteen A°Crs, the night was spent in a curious manner. eoon as the deadlock on the election of a chairman arMs.rent the members prepared for a long sitting, €1,7 Playing dominoes end others chess, whilst b aing 4zia;tes were actually introduced and used in friendly b,°unter. Friends from outside sent in supplies of minerals, and other refreshments, and at mid- -41011 the proceedings were enlivened by the visit of a en'illoer of ratepayers. Eventually exhausted nature Of ?reed the termination of the meeting, the election die chairman having taken nineteen hours. * * * ha 4 suburban Romeo (says the "Manchester Comfier") ,Particularly good cause to remember a recent 11e made on his Juliet. Like Shakespeare's hero 130:7:4s in the habit of prolonging his stay to the last 13‘8`°1e minute, and then, when the sad farewells had Said, sprinting away at top speed to catch his bei °r train. On leaving the garden gate of his groe:ed he had to cross a piece of grass-covered twnld, on which there were a few trees and one or it -,1.11-liiPs of bushes. Even in the darkness of night Possible for him to make out an opening eell the latter that meant a good short cut and othAea.ying of quite a minute in his furious flight. The night he "tore himself away" from the lady as usual, and headed for the bushes in fine style. trasl;e,aubed the opening at headlong speed when -- Dartlie had not noticed that since his last visit wet the ground had been fenced in with iron railings. teas Zs this barrier that stopped his progress. Need- clont,teOsy he was rather badly bruised. But no behaiir sufferings were soothed by Juliet, on whose na'.*,,cle bad come by the mishap. He is not so keen tika I:itliglit sprinting now, but leaves the lady in larzz catch the ear in more leisurely fashion than erly,

I have spent Sabbaths in most of the cities of the Continent of Europe, but I have never found any as bad as Chicago. I admit at once that most of the cities of the States are better than Chicago —but the the observance or non-observance of the Sabbath in the States is going to be one of the great tests of the best life of the great Republic.—ltev. T. Law, in the "Free Church Chronicle." * *

The world cannot be rulell from below.—Bismarck. Imitation is the sincerest form of enmity.—G-. K. Chesterton. Frankness was invented to conceal the truth. Violet Tweedale.

Most troubles arise through trusting other people too much. —Luras Malet. To choose time is to save time.—Bacon. What one loves best one can do best.—Japanese Proverb.

Talented and charming people have no age.— Lucas Cleeve.

Most men are happier in striving than in possession. —Seton Merriman.

In news are swallow winged, but what's good walks on crutches.—Hassinger. People go on expecting more from friendship than it can ever give us. —Jowett. If you offer a thing for lesq than it is worth, nobody will believe it is worth anything.—ll. G. Rhodes.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
-7

.

Town Council.

The Horse Parade.

The monthly meeting of the Town Council will be held on Tuesday evening in the Town Hall at 6 o'clock.

A collection was taken en route and realised £7 9s. 5d., of vrhieh £5 has been handed over to the Infirmary and £2 9s. sd. to the District Nursing Association. A description of the parade appears on page O.

The Price of Bread. As far as Warrington is concerned the members of the Master Baker's Association met on Tuesday even- ing last to consider the price of bread. There is a great feeling all round that the bakers would be justified in raising the price of bread a d. per 41b. loaf, but through the unsatisfactory state of the bread trade in Warrington at the present time, it was thought advisable to adjourn the meeting for a fort- night to see whether the advance would be maintained. The advance up to now is ss. 6d. to Gs. per sack. In the meactime we are asked to remind the public that it would be greatly to their interest to insist on having their bread weighed, and the weight distinctly stated at the time of purchase.

TAILOR-MADE CYCLE BREECHES from Gs. 11d.— BANKS, Outfitter, Horsemarket st.—Advt. Music in the Park. The Borough Band will play the following pro- gramme of music in the Park on Sunday next : Hymn, " Goodshaw," J. A. Greenwood; march, " Blenceithra," W. Rimmer ; overture, " Golden , Star," J. A. Greenwood ; selection " Trovatore," Verdi ; selection, "The Daughter Of the Regiment," Donizetti ; selection," La Vestale," Spontini ; " God Save the King."—Conductor, Mr. T. Griffin. Mr. T. J. Down's military band occupied the stand on Thursday evening and, not withstanding the u afavonrable weather, there was a large attendance of the public. An excellent programme was submitted, Mr. Arthur Down conducting, and gave great pleasure to the listeners.

On Thursday next at 7.15 Crosfield's Band will give the following programme :—Contest March, "Honest Toil," Rimmer ; overture, " Poet and Peasant," Suppe; fantasia (descriptive), "A ride for life," Douglas . selection, "Il Trovatore," Verdi (test piece for the' New Brighton Tower Contest, at which the Band were awarded Ist prize; also Ist prize and 2nd prize at Shrewsbary and Darwen respectively on May 18th and 20th); intermezzo," Cavalliera, Rusticana," Mascagni (soprano soloist, Mr. A. Allinson); grand march," La Theme de Saba," Gonnod ; "God save the King."

Wear BANK'S Ladies and Gent's Gloves.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

Coming Events. From our advertising columns it will be seen ihat a special public service is to be held at Golborne-street Baptist church on Thursday when Rev. J. Yonge will preach at 7.30. At this service a presentation will be made to the church of a handsome carved oak communion table, given by the Independent Order of Rechabites as a tribute to the memory of the late Mr. Thomas Hall, who had for a long period been actively connected with the society in many of its various offices. There will at the same time be presented to the church and school, a platform, desk and chair, an enlarged framed photograph and a set of carved oak collecting plates, these being the gifts of members and friends who desire to place on record their esteem of the late Mr. Hall, in respect to his long and honoured connection with the church in the formation of which Mr. Hall was the prime mover. The meeting will be public and a special invitation is extended to all Rechabites. The articles enumerated are now on view at Messrs. J. M. Greenhalgh and Co's., Bridge- street.

SCUTS made to measure.—BANKs, Outfitter.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Liberal Demonstration at Alderley.

The Knutsford Division Liberal Association will on Saturday August 10th, hold a demonstration in Alderley Park which has been kindly lent for the occasion by Lord Stanley of Alderley. The Member for the division, Nir. Alfred J. King, the Hon. A. L. Stanley, M.P., Mr. James Tomkinson, M.P., Mr. E. G. Hemmerde, M.P., and others will speak.

Adjutant Sued At the County Court on Thursday before Deputy Judge Strachan, K.C., Mrs. Jane Joyns)n, 7, Museum- street, sued Captain Skinner, adjutant of the local Volunteers, for £4 ss. Sd. for apartments and board and damage done to crockery and glass doors.—Mr. Steel represented the plaintiff.—The defendant did not appear, sod after hearing details of the case, his Honour gave judgment for the amount claimed with costs.

"LE-FRANCIS," PR,RMIER," and " BUDGE- WHITWORTH " CYCLKS. Price from £4 10s. Cash or easy payments.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

Fatal Fall. Mr. S. Brighouse,county coroner, held an inquest at Warrington last evening on the body of Julia Cunningham (37), wife of Martin Cunningham, 5, West View, Orfard, who died in the Workhouse Hospital on Thursday. It appears that the deceased for some time had suffered from heart troubles and frequently had to get up during the night. On the morning of May 19th, she was found at the bottom of the stairs by her daughter. She had apparently fallen from the top and was much bruised about the body. A verdict of "Accidental death" was returned.

CELLULAR SHIRTS from 2/6—BANas,Outfitter.-Advt.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Sued for Funeral Expenses.

At the County Court on Thursday, Thomas Seddon, nridArtafr.r, 3uutlipc—b, ...a -1-hn Edward, Leach, ana Walter Leach, Stockton Heath, for .tO °wawa of account for expenses incurred in the funeral of the father of the defendants. Mr. E. A. White appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Browne represented Water Leach—Mr. White said the order was given by defendant John Leach who told plaintiff that his brother Walter had agreed to pay half the cost. John had paid .t 3 3s. and the balance of ,3 was still owing.—Walter Leach denied having given the undertaking alleged, but after hearing the evidence his Honour 'decided th at he had done so, and gave judgment against him for £3, the action against John Leach being dismsssed.

Above all Wear BANK3'S HATS and CAPS .—Advt. School Attendance Officer's Warm Reception. At the Borough Police Court on Mthaday Catherine Bent, George-street, was summoned for assaulting William Holbrook, a school attendance officer. Mr. A. T. Hallaway (deputy town-clerk) prosecuted, and said that on the 13th of May the officer was executing a summons on the defendant for her son's non- attendance at school, when she treated him in a most disgraceful manner, threatening "to stick him," and using very abusive language. The assault com- plained of was only of a trivial character, the defend- ant striking him with a piece of paper, which she rolled into a ball and threw at him. Defendant, who expressed her sorrow foq he action, was fined 10s.

BLOUSES, a grand selection from is. BANKS, Outfitter, Horsemarket st.—Advt.

Honour for a Volunteer Officer. We are pleased to announce that the Volunteer offiryno. nocuration has been conferred upon Captain ' and Quartermaster Arthur Flaxman Godfrey Potter, of the let Volunteer Battalion (P.W.V.) South Lanca- shire Regiment. The distinction has certainly been well earned, for Captain Potter has a splendid record of service to his credit, and is one of the most highly respected members of the Battalion. He joined the Volunteers on August 6th, 1873, and having served in the ranks for twenty-six years was appointed Quartermaster on November Bth, 1899, with the rank of lieutenant. On May 12th 1903, he was further promoted to an honorary captaincy, retaining the office of Quartermaster. He has worked indefatig- ably in his special department and the members of the Battalion together with his many friends among the townspeople generally will be gratified to hear of this recognition of him long moririone. Captain Potter is at present encamped with the Duke of Lancaster's Yeomanry at Aston-on-Trent.

• NORFOLK SUITS from 18/6—BANKs,Outfltter.—Advt. Foreman Platelayer's Sudden Death. An inquest was held on Saturday at Warrington on the body of Samuel Plumb, a foreman platelayer, in the employ of the London and North-Western Railway Company, who lived at 318,Liverpool-road, Sankey. It appeared that on Wednesday morning, after going to work,Plumb returned home for breakfast,when he com- plained of a pain in his side and died almost imme- diately. Dr. Smith,who made a post-mortem examina- tion, attributed death to failure of the heart's action, and a verdict of " Death from natural causes "was returned. —The funeral took place on Sunday after- noon at Sankey Cemetery, the service being conducted by the Rev. J. R. Jones. The chief mourners were : —Mrs. Plumb (widow), Mr. Fred Plumb, Mr. Samuel Plumb, gr. Tom Plumb (sons), Miss Lily Plumb, Miss Nellie Plumb, Miss Polly Plumb (daughters), Mr. Joseph Plumb and Mr. John Plumb, Little Leigh (brothers). Preceding the hearse were the following members of the railway company's staff H. Minshall (permanent way inspector), Inspectors Lloyd, and Holbrook-, Mr. Sam Faulkner (ganger), Mr. Vernon (signalman), Mr. Morley (brakesman), with Messrs. Hindley, Shaw, Fairclough, Foddy, Adams, Thomas, Clare, Armitage, Foster, Carter, Edleston, Dutton Cliffe, Reaves, and Walton. The bearers were : Messrs. T. Bennett, Thomas Chester, J. Davidson, Fred Massey, W. Lawton, W. J. Holden, and J. Antrobus. Floral tributes were sent by The widow and family, Mr. Joseph Plumb (Little Leigh), Mr. and Mrs. John Plumb (Little Leigh), Mrs. Gannon, Annie, Polly and Nellie ,Plumb (Little Leigh), Mrs. Dolan, Mr. Llewellyn (Sloop Hotel), Mr. Roughley (Black Horse), Mr. Walter Cooper (Widnes), Mr. Grimshaw (Gate Wharf Farm), " Fellow workmen," " Neigh- bours at Sankey Bridges," and the Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants (Warrington branch).

===== 0002601_19070601_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER COP FOR WARRINGtON.

Crosfield's Band's Victory at New Brighton.

Messrs. Crosfield's brass band achieved an excep- tionally fine victory on Saturday, whea they carried off the first prize in the ninth annual contest held at New Brighton Tower. Fifteen bands competed— Horwich Old, Rushden Temperance, Widnes St. Mary's, Litherland Silver, Shaw, Pemberton Old, Wyke, Gossage's, Mountain Ash, Parr Temperance, Lindley, Crosfield's, Mara St. John's, Goodshaw, Irwell Springs. Two others —lrwell Bank, Bolton and Guide Temperance, Darsven—had entered but failed to put in an appearance. The adjudicator was Jr. Fenton Renshaw, Huddersfield, and he awarded the first prize of .f.,30 in cash, a silver- mounted baton in case, and the Tower Challenge Cup value 50 guineas to Crosfield's band which was under the conductorship of Mr. W. Halliwell. The test piece was "Ii Trovatore " and in his remarks on Messrs. Crosfield's rendering (as reported in Wright and Round's " Brass Band News ") the adjudicator said :—" Allegro—a good opening ; a good toned band; p. very nice; soprano excellent; if. a good massive tone. Allegro—accompaniments nicely sub- dued and well kept under ; trombone playing very nicely; meno masso-fairly handled, all expression marks well observed; duet cadenza fairly rendered. Vivace very good. Andantino— accompaniments very well kept under; solo cornet playing with great taste; soprano very good; move- ment very artistically rendered. Allegro—capitally rendered in all respects; euphonium cadenza excellent. Largo—accompaniments nicely subdued and quite a feature; euphonium an artiste playing with great taste ; cadenza excellent. Allegro moderato maestoso —This movement was well handled, the only fault I had to find being that one of the solo cornets was a ••”-seo- Andante (" Chorus excellent. Andante (a-o)—Ac...uwpautannts a reature here; horn playing with great taste; when soprano joins it was excellent, in such nice sympathy; soprano cadenza was excellent. Allegro—excellently given ; the bass trombone built up well in the f. movements, and is evidently a good player. Poco pin mosso—a capital finish to a good performance, and best so far. Other bands were placed as follows :-2,lrwell Springs; 3, Lindley Prize; 4, Parr Temperance; 5, Horwich Old; 6, Shaw; 7, Goodshaw. The band had a hearty reception on returning to Warrington on Saturday evening, a crowd assembling and raising hearty cheers. Selections were played en ,out to the works where the victorious instru- mentalists were met by the Works Manager, Mr. F. J. Lord and warmly congratulated. [ The cup was sent to Warrington on Thursday evening by the T. 30 train from Liverpool and was met at the 'Central Station by the band and members of the eom- mittee. A procession was formed and traversed the principal streets, the trophy being exhibited from a landau. Large crowds lined the route and it was evident that the success of the band has given great [ satisfaction to the townspeople. On arrival at the works the cup was filled and success to the band was ' heartily drunk. Afterwards the band marched round the Bank Quay district playinc, selections. Mr. A. H. Crosfield M. 11., is to entertain the band in the course of a few days. The band has entered for several other notable contests including Belle Vue, Newtown (Wales) and Hereford.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON.

WEEK ENDING 25TH MAY, 1907. Total. Male. Female Births Legitimate 33 22 16 „ Illegitimate 1 1 0 Deaths 25 14 11 Excess of births over deaths, 14 The ages of mortality were :—Undor 1,2; 1-5, 3 ; 5-15' 1 ; 15-25, 1; 25-65, 14; 65 and upwards, 4. Total, 25. The deaths included :-1 from scarlet fever, 1 from enteric fever, 6 from phthisis, 1 from other tuber- cular diseases, 3 from cancer, 1 from bronchitis, 1 premature birth, 4 from heart disease, 7 from all other causes. The following cases of infoctions disease have been reported during the week :—Scarlet fever, 2 cases ; Tuberculous Phthisis, 3 cases. Number of patients in hospital :—Scarlet fever, Borough 12, Newton 2 ; total, 14. Enteric fever Borough 2, total 2. Diphtheria, Borough 0, Newton 1. total 1. Pbthisis, Borough, 3, total 3. Total., Borough, 17; Newton, 3; Total, 20. Weather Retarn —Mean'temperature 48Fah.,and there- fore 2 deg. less than the preceding week. Maximmn temperature 68 on the 24th inst. -Minimum tempera- turer3o on the 21st inst. Rainfall 'l5 inch. General direction of wind S.E.

P. E. GAFFIKIN, Acting Medical Officer of Health.

Once again the Watch Committee has moved in the matter of obstructions in the streets caused by goods and other articles overhanging footpaths. The obstructions show no signs of moving, however, though the police have been instructed to enforce the law. We have many times called attention to the carcases of meet, the strings of boots, and the too low window blinds which seriously incommode the users of ou r street footpaths. Many of these things are abomina- tions which ought to be entirely abolished, and we hope the police will do their duty. There is no harm to tradesmen involved.

CRAWFORD'S CREAM

CRACKERS.

CRISP AND CREAMY

===== 0002601_19070601_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 1, 1907

RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

WIDNES ARSON PRISONER RELEASED.

John Joseph Marsh, who was convicted at the Liver- pool November Assizes for arson at Widnes, and sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment which was subsequently reduced to a term of six months, %vas released from Walton Gaol on Saturday morning. By arrangement he was liberated after the rest of the prisoners had gone. Marsh said he had been treated with the greatest kindness by the officials and warders. For over four months he had been con- fined in the prison hospital as the result of influenza which left a serious affection of the throat. Referring to his conviction,he emphatically protested his innocence of the charge, and it is reported that something will shortly be done to secure a Government inquiry on the lines of those followed in the Edalji cage. ST. PAUL'S CHURCH, WIDNES.

On Sunday special services in celebration of the anniversary of the above church were hold. The preacher at the morning, afternoonand evening service, was the Rev. G. H. St. P. Garrett, vicar of Horwich, and formerly vicar of Widnes. The morning service was well attended. In the afternoon a toy and flower service were held at which Mr. Garnett preached. The scholars of the Sunday school met at the Parochial Hall and, about thirteen hundred strong, marched in pro- cession to the church. They were headed by the school banner, and as many of the children carried bunches of flower the effect was very pretty. During the service the children walked to the communion table where their gifts of flowers and toys were received by the Rev. D. E. Morton (vicar) and the Rev. N. J. Poole. These will be forwarded to the hospitals and the homes of the sick and poor. In the evening the church was crowded to the utmost capacity when the Rev. C. H. St. P. Jarrett preached an eloquent sermon. The singing of the choir, which was augmentesl by a number of girls from the Sunday school, was very pleasing. The offertories, which are on behalf of the Sunday school funds, amounted £23. RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS. The fortnightly meeting of the Rancorn Board of Guardians was held at Dutton on Tuesday, when there were present : Messrs. T. Baxter (presiding), J. Spruce, C. E. Linaker, T. Wright, S. Woodward, T. Wood, P. Booth, A. Haimng, J. Renshaw, E. Britah, J. Mynekyme' T. Antwis, C. Roylance. C. F. Bell, 'W. Turner, A. R, Norman, W. Weir, H. Alawdsley, J. H. Davies, G. Pilling, G. Egerton-Warburton, Admiral Jones-Parry, J. L. Jones, A. Broome, J. Hallows, J. W. Temperley, J. Douglas, E. Bretherton, W. Winstanley, J. Bolshaw, C. Horton, J. Whitlow, W. Harrison, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), T. Cook, W. R. de Prez and J. Pearson (relieving officers), and J. Cunnah (master). The Clerk intimated the receipts of an Order from the Local Government Board reducing the minimum fee for vaccination from ss. to 3s. 6d. Mr. Linaker : It is a step in the right direction. The matter was referred to a special sub-committee. The Clerk reported the receip t of a letter from the Winslow Union asking the Board to support the follow- ing resolution "That it is desirable that the law relating to the maintenance of relatives should be so amended as to deal with persons, who, having been served with an order to contribute towards the support of a relative who has become chargeable to the Common Fund of a union, fail to comply with such order, and in a great Imany instances prefer going to prison rather than pay the sum that is owing,—the law not permitting them to be sentenced with hard labour—that the magistrates be empowered to order in default of payment, imprison- ment with hard labour. - It was decided to support the resolution. The Finance Committee reported payment in out- relief of £65 to Mr. Cork, £3O to Mr.W. de Prez and £25 to Mr. Pearson. The Clerk gave the following particulars of the County Call :—General purposes, the present prooeds £1,944 6s. Bd. ; last precept, £2,237 Gs. sd. : decrease £242 9s. 9d. ; general police purposes, £364 9s. 7d. against £242 : increase, £1,219 10s. ; police district purposes, £925 ss. 3d., against £777 Os. Bd.: increase £143 4s. 7d. ; general elemtary education, £3,888 15s. 4d.; special elewentary education' £223, 15s. 6d. and general higher education, £972 38. 4d.; total, £8,313 13s. Bd., a net increase of £24 10s. 2d. The Clerk stated that in accordance with instructions he had obtained tenders for the insuring of the officers of the Board under the Compensation Act. All the Companies quoted the sametlgures-7s. 6d. per cent, of salaries, except for clerical staff, which would be 3s. per cent. That would cost the Board about £8 per annum. It was decided to take out policiesicovering the whole of the officers

RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. The fortnightly Imeeting of the Runcorn Rural District Covncil was held at Dutton on Tuesday when there were present :—Nlessrs. G. Pilling, T. Baxter, J. Spruce, C. E. Linaker' T. Wright, S. Woodward, P. Booth, A, Haining, J. Renshaw E. Britch, J. INlynekyme Antwis, 1 t •3. 13:11, W. Tamer, W. Weir, H. Mawdsley, J. B. Chadwick, J. H. Davies, G. Egerton Warburton, Admiral Jones Parry,j. L. Jones' A. Broome, J. Hallows, E. Bretherton, W. Winstanlay, J. Bolshaw, C. Horton, J. Whitlow, NV. Harrison G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), J. Swinton and W. Diggle (surveyors), J. Farrington (inspector), and Dr. Adams (medical officer). The clerk intimated that he had received Con missi .of Woods and Forests stating the ruey were. tion to issue the posters asked by the District Council in respect to small holdings on Crown Lands. Mr. Linaker moved that the members of the Council who knew of persons desiring small holdings should inform the Clerk. The Government professed to believe that there was a demand for small holdings but he did not and was convinced that the proposal woold end in smoke. The Government were seeking to establish the extent to which the desire for small hold- ings existed. Mr. Linaker's motion was approved. The Blaydon Urban Council asked the Council to support the following memorial to the Local Govern- ment Board: "That your memorialists desire to chll your attention to the great hardships suffered by the ratepayers in general in urban and rural districts owing to their being called upon from time to time to provide long lengths of sewers at great expense for the purpose of taking the sewage away from isolated small groups of houses built in places at considerable distances from main sewers or sewer outfalls, and that persons respon- sible for the erection of such houses should pay two thirds or at any rate a half of the cost." Mr. Antwis moved that the resolution be supported. Mr. Linaker said he did not think it quite fair that ratepayers should have to pay any proportion of the cost of making the sewer's at all. He thought the charge which represented capital should be a charge upon the land and that the maintenance should be a charge upon the occupiers. The matter was rererred to the Parliamentary Committee. The Clerk read a communication from the County Council estimating their willingness to treat certain main roads in the district with calcium chloride or dust laying material providing the District Council or other persons would contribute two thirds of the I cost. The expense would be from £l5 to £4O a mile. Mr. Antwis : I move nothing be done. Mr. Woodward thought that the Parish Councils in tke should be allowed to take the question up if desired. Mr. Chadwick moved that the matter be referred to the Hghways Executive Committee, and this was approved. The special Committee appointed to consider the proposals of the Local Government Board that the management of the Public Health and Housing Act should be taken from the hands of the District Councils and transferred to the City Council, recommended that the Council protest against the proposal. Mr. Linaker said that the proposal would not mean better administration and would certainly, if carried out cost more. The Clerk and Mr. Linaker were appointed delegetes to the Rural District Councils Association Conference, in June to consider the question.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

ST. HELENS CYCLING FATALITY. On Monday evening Thomas Foster, aged sixteen, son of a well-known St. Helens grocer, died under sad cir- cumstances. Borrowing a bicycle belonging to one of his father's employe's he went for a ride. While pro- ceeding up Westileld-street he was observed to relax hold of the handles, and his head appeared to strike the kerbstones. He was carried into a neighbouring house and Dr.Lathom was sent fot,but the doctor could find no trace of injury. The youth mas a promising agricultural student, having recently won a ten pounds prize at Preston.

ST. HELENS SUNDAY GAMBLING. On Monday ii the St. Helens Police 03urt, nine young men were summoned on a charge of gaming with cards,and thirteen young men wen, charged with gaining. Th 4 offences took place on Sunday afternoon last; and in imposing a fine of 108, and costs the chairman said the magistrates were determined, if possible, to put a stop to this Sunday afternoon gaming and gaming of any sort. LEGS AND ARMS GOING LIKE A WINDMILL. On Monday, in St. Helens, a labourer named Martin Brannon, of no fixed address, was brought upon a charge of begging, being drunk and disorderly, and assaulting Constable Rignall. The Constable stated that on Saturday afternoon he was in Baldwin-street, when he saw the defendant, who went to some ladies who had bunches of bluebells in their hands and asked for some. They took no notice of him, and he then asked them to give him a couple of coppers. As he was very drunk, witness told him to pull himself together and go home whereupon he commenced using disgusting language. He WM than taken into custody, when he commenced striking and kicking him, assistance having to be obtained to take him to the police station. Another Constable stated that prisoner's legs and arms were going like a windmill.—TheChief Constable stated that prisoner had been before the court eighty times previ- ously. He tore his trousers into shreds on Saturday night, and they had to find him a fresh pair.— Prisoner was sent to prison for seven days for begging, twenty-eight days for being drunk and disorderly, and a further twenty-eight days for the assault.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
i EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON

EARLESTOWN BAPTIST SUNDAY SCHOOLS. At the anniversary services held on Sunday, the preacher was Mr. T. Ivory Cripps, of Birkenhead, and the Midland Baptist College, Nottinghom. He took for his subject at the morning service Eleavcn—what is it ? " and at the evening service "The two sons." At the afternoon service a musical programme was rendered including Root's cantata, "The choicest gift." the conductor being Mr. S. Harvey. Special hymns, solos, S:c., were given by members of the choir at each service. Nlr. E. Eckersley was the organist and Miss Harvey the pianist.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MRS. WOOD.

General regret was occasioned throughout the district by the death of Mrs. Wood, wife of Mr. F'. J. Wood, ' who passed away at the Willows, Newton, on Sunday. IThe funeral on Tuesday was the occasion of a striking , demonstration of respect. The first part of the service was held in Newton Church, the opening voluntary being " 0 rest in the Lord." The choir then sang the hymns, "I heard the voice of Jesus say," and " Hark, hark, my , soul," the concluding voluntary being Dead March in Saul." The mourners then left the church, preceded by the organist and choristers, who walked to the Cemetery in their surplices. The carriages conveying the mourners contained Mr. F. B. Wood (the husbind), Mr. Arden Wood (son), Colonel Wood (brother-in-law), Mr. W. Clarke. Lowton; Mr. G. D. B. Smith, Dr. Watkins, Mr. Robert Stone, Mr. Borron, Mr. Alex. McCorquodale, Dr. Roocroft, Wigan; Mr. Jordan, post- I master, and officials and Newton Post Office, Church officials and representatives from Messrs. McCorquodale's works. The private carriages of Mr. Gillespie, Mr. Airey, Mr. Lionel Pilkington, Dr. Watkins, Mr. Stone and others were in the procession. Wreaths were sent by Mr. and Mrs. Nickels, Mrs. Clarke and family (Lowton), Mrs. Mitchell Roocroft (Wigan), Mr. and Mrs. Airey (Newton), Mrs. Glover (Lowton), Mr. and Mrs. T. Vicars, Mr. and Mrs. Norman McCorquodale, Mr. and Mrs. A. C. McCorquodale (Shrewsbury), Miss Penning- ton, " Joe " and " Nellie, ' " Mamie" and " Brother Ben," "Arden and Verona," "Nellie," employees of the Time Table Department at Easton and Newton, staff and foreman at :Masers. Corqnodale's, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Smith, men servants, maids at the Willows and The Priory, the nurse at The Willows, Mr. W. Stone, Messrs. Vicars and others. The Rev. J. Ryder officiated assi.ded by Rev. H. Bass. At the graveside the choris- ters sang the hymn "Jean, Lover of my soul," led by the organist and choirmaster, Mr. Leyland. All the arrangements for the funeral were carried out by Messrs. Robert Garnett and Sons, Warrington, under the abie superintendence of Mr. Nicholson.

MR. J. A. SEDDON M.P., AT LIVERPOOL.

Speaking at the Conference of the National Union of Dock Labourers at Liverpool on Monday, Mr. J. A. Seddon, said he was not one of those who looked on the docker as an unskilled worker. Anyone who witnessed work at the docks must be impressed with the skill and agility which were required. The great evil of the docker's employment arose out of the fact that in the past it had suffered from great incursions of non- unionism. Hitherto the docks had been the dumping- ground for unemployed men of all kinds. The agricul- tural labourer, when tired of the country, came to the city, in the hope of finding an El Dorado at the docks, and owing to the lack of organisation it had been within the power of the employers to use every class of the large supplies of labour which presented itself, to the detriment of the regular skilled dockers. There was a feeling now amongst workers of all kinds that they were not enjoying their fall share of the wealth they were producing, and the time had arrived when guerilla warfare was not effective enough He was looking forward to the time when all branches of the distributive and traasport trades—clerks, shop assistants, carters, and dockers—would be federated, so that in the event of one section suffering injustice all the others would come to its help. When they went a step further, and combined the distributive trades with the producers, trade unionism would have entered into its full possession. However powerful trade unionism might become, labour would never get its rights unless it was represented in Parliament. Without Parlia- mentary action their movement would be like rowing a one-oared boat—always moving, but never going for- ward. In the past twelve months labour had gained more in legislation than in any previous ten years of Parliament. Mr. Seddon was also present at a luncheon given by the Liverpool Chamber of Commerce on Monday. In responding to the toast of" The Houses of Parliament" he said it was a distinct honour to him, as a oountry member and one belonging to the Labour party, which was not very numerously represented at that table —(a laugh) —to be associated with the toast. He had come to these meetings that day partly out of curiosity. (Laughter.), During the past year the pertinacity of the secretary of the Liverpool Chamber of Commerce had seemed to get upon his nerves. (Renewed laughter.) Lest year thequt.ion ra arose in the douse of Commons, and he (Mr. Seddon) held a distinct opinion, based on very slender founda- tions—not an uncommon basis for many political opinions—(laughter)—that the position of the status quo ante was correct. Mr. Barker, however, gave him much information, and brought him to the conclusion that a case had been made out for an amendment of ttle law—(hear, nemo—aid o by voice and vote he sup- ported the abolition of the light dues. (Applause.) As far as this country was concerned, there was a danger that each class would get into a separate and watertight compartment and thus lose a sense of the community of interest which spelled progress for the country. As R representative of Labour,he felt an interest in commerce equally with the members of that Chamber. (Hear, hear). The Liverpool Chamber of Commerce was doing a good educational work through its able President, Council, and Secretary, and he wished it long life and vigour in the extension of the commerce and of the prosperity of the Liverpool people. (Applause). EARLESTOWN

Mr. B. J. Greenwood, Chairman of the Vulcap Foundry, Ltd., visited the new premises in Bridge-street on Thursday last, the occasion having been looked forward to with great interest. Tea was provided, the catering and arrangements being all carried out by the committee and helpers. For the meeting which followed, the lecture hall, which accommodates 160, was crowded with young men. Mr. Profit (chairman of Committee) presided, supported by Messrs. B. J. Greenwood, W. Collingwood. W. Ross (Lancashire's Travelling Secre- tary), B. Corlett, Rev. A. M. Mitchell, Drs. Mouncey and Latham, 11. Pearson (hon. sec.), W. S. Dring (St. Helens), and others. Apologies for, absence were read from Col. Pilk.ington, C. 8., Rev. S. C. Hall, Dr. Valentine, Mr. G. Dring and Mr. T. Molyneux (who was seriously —Mr. Platt sang" The old brigade," Mr. G. Edmonds executed a violin solo, "Ii Trovatore," and Mr. J. Atkinson recited" A life for a life," each item being well given.—Mr. Profit, in a neat address, expressed the hope that the change from Fairclough-street to Bridge- street would be symbolic and prophetic of much in the association, and that the principles upon which they had hitherto worked would be in all their hearts, the prin- ciples of truth, righteousness, and love. Christ would not be content to be merely an outer circle of their lives. If he was to have any place at all it must be in the very centre of their lives. —Mr. Greenwood said he was very glad to attend that meeting, because he believed in Y.M.C.A. work wherever it was found. He was glad they had such a hearty and flourishing Association. There were many advantages in Y.M.C.A. work, one of whinh was that it enabled a young man to decide on which side he wouldstand, and to some extant it enabled him to make a confession of the resolution he had arrived at. Most of those present would be known in the town as Y.M.C.A. men. Some would say "Oh, he's a saint— one of that Y.M. Christian lot !" Well when they heard that sort of thing for the first time, especially young men, they felt like blushing, a sort of feeling of of being ashamed. Why that was so he had never yet been able to discover. They were not ashamed of being Brigltgrmen, thereonkl-tmcl ;.. th,,iwt.''- Why then should a man be ashamed of being a Christian? If a man was living an unclean life he had got something to be ashameMof ; if a life of falsehood and treachery he had something to be ashamed of ; but a man living an honest Christian life had nothing to be ashamed of. If they looked back on those who had preceded them they found the men who had followed Christ had been the brightest and most glorious men who ever trod God's earth. Nearly all the institutions for the suffering and afflicted and the great beneficent works, if traced back to their origin would be found to have been started and sup- ported by Christian men. if they sometimes had a little feeling of shame they should be ashamed of them- selves that they were ashamed. The Association also helped them to make it known on what side they were. To be a secret disciple was to labour under a very great disadvantage, coming out enabled them to bear witness in a way they otherwise could not.— Mr. Collingwood said he would like to say how very much he had appreciated meeting them and to see so many familiar faces. It was a 'great surprise to him to see the wide strides the Association had made. He had no idea of seeing such a large gathering of young men—he might say the life of the township. That Association should be the means of spreading the blessed truths xvhiph the Association held so very dear. Some people did not want to be thought saintly, and were ashamed to let their light shine before men, but it was a solemn duty for all Christians. He knew from his own experience how comradeship helped 11 man to carry out that duty, the greatest ' duty in life, and to honour God. (Applause,) I A vote of thanks to Mr. Greenwood and Mr. Coiling- ' wood was moved by Mr. Pearson, seconded by Mr. I Jackson, and eloquently supported by Mr. W. Ross, the I latter's points being that the Y.M.C.A. was one of the greatest brotherhoods in the world; one of the best missionary agencies, especially in the Eastern countries, and was now carrying on a movement in the Volunteer Camps which no other organisation touched. Mr. Pearson recited" What is a gentleman ?" and "Devil may care," after which Mr. Greenwood replied. After a sacred song by Mr. Platt, the meeting closed with the Doxology and Benediction. Mr. W. Pearson played the pianoforte accompaniments with skill and ability.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VOICE OF LABOUR.

Edited by John Workman.

Readers of this column are invited to assist in making it interesting and helpful to Jocial workers by contributing the Correspondents must write on one side of the paper only, and endeavour to make their letters and notes short and to the point. A nom-de-plume may be used, but the real name of the writer should be forwarded in confidence to the Editor of the column. • M.S.S. must be addressed to John Workman, " Exanariner " 05ce, Warrington and should be sent in not later than Wednesday in each week.

Mr. Charles E. Parker has been good enough to express his opinion concerning the Labour Party in a letter which appeared in "The. Rxaminer " of Saturday last. He said : "Of political amciations the Labour party is the one which stands most for peace amongst nations. This does not at all arise because those who compose it are in any way deficient in the fighting instinct. They have their full share of the original savage. Nor does it arise from the fact that they are less patriotic than other classes. It springs from a recognition of other interests which appeal to them quite as powerfully as that form of patriotism, the final assertion of which may require the use of the sword. The unionist miners of England are far more in sympathy with their fellow workers in the same industry in Belgium, France, and America than they are with the wealthy capitalists who control the English mines. The Socialists of England have more in sympathy with the Socialists of Germany than they have with those in their own land who neither toil nor spin." Will every peace-loving citizen, every honest reformer, every Sunday school teacher, every intelli- gent seeker after righteousness make a note of the fact that" of political associations the Labour Party is the one which stands for peace am ingst nations." The Brotherhood of Man is something more to Socialists than mere sentimental pilll3,piously uttered, and quickly forgotten. They admit that they have their" full share of the original savage." They would not forget it. They are striving to overcome it, though; and that is something which their friends in the other political associations will, I hope, sooner or I later, endeavour to emulate. "Peace on earth good- will towards men" may then be an accomplished fact. Will all the Liberals of Warrington and district please to remember that the Labour Party is the pioneer in the peace movement.? Socialists or, at least, some of them, may not go to church as regularly as some folks would like but Jesus Christ is a living factor in their movement for righteousness, nevertheless. They are striving after a new state of society in which; ignorance, poverty, 'grime, and misery shall be unknown. Personally, I cannot understand why some "clever" individuals will look with reproach upon a Socialist. Of course, I do not forget that the terms Christian, Liberal, Tory were not names of endearment. I aria pot complaining. lam simply lost in wonderment at their littleness, at their want of perspicacity. Their faculty of observation is not yet developed, and the sooner they get some food for the brain the mere quickly they will grasp the fact that it is more easy to be selfish ttian unselfish, to be cruel than kind, to be -- ignorant than learned, to be a Liberal or Tore than a The Brabazon Society is doing a noble work in, Socialist. If they would only think sometimes, there brightening the lives of inmates of the Workhouse . would be some hope for them! A few more evening hospital by providing them with pleasant and profitable drives in the country, and a few more trips to the I employment. Nor does this exhaust its usefulness, for .• the Society is also the means of giving much-needed seaside, and then, perhaps, they may acquire a wider help to people on leaving the hospital, while some are• outlook ! sent to the seaside to recuperate. The public were "Stanley Lord's "reply to" A. practical Reformer" afforded an opportunity of supporting this excellent is held over until the next issue. institution on Thursday when the annual sale of the , LABOUR REPRESENTATION. work done by inmates of the hospital was held at the Winmarleigh Cafd and attraCted a large gathering. Sir,—l have been a little interested in the short There was a splendid array of useful and ornamental contributions of The Scout on "Labour Representa- goods which reflected credit on the inmates and upon tion," which have recently appeared in your valuable 'tt,he ladies who have so willingly superintended the work. column. I maintain that the only reasonable, The Brabazon ladies, who assisted at the stalls. • I are:—Mrs. Frost, Mrs. Ford, Mrs. Atkinson, Mrs, peaceful, and practicable method of successfully Carruthers, E. J. Smith, Mrs. Geo. Venn. Fleming. -vu, ,Fruarsasetassti liossaedsh H. obtaining any substantial and permanent betterment Dorothym in the economic, industrial and social status of the , Bolton, , great mass of the people is by means of an intelligent Margaret Broadbent, and N. Fairclough. gpecial pralst;, and persistent propaganda fearlessly proclaiming the 1 is due to Miss Broadbent who discharged the secretarial humanising g )spel of Collectivism throughout the I duties and who takes a keen interest in the Brabazon length and breadth of the land. One of the results ' scheme. The sale was opened by Mrs. Henry Greenall, necessarily accruing from a well-organised and the proceedings being presided over by M. J. Billinge. Numerous member's and ex-members of the Board of sustained application of such a comprehensive educa- tional campaign would be a gradually-iacreasing of iii‘iiisdstailtsowlepreßiresltinatv. in read a letter of ape logy number of " popular " public representatives, who for non-ettendance fro.o the Mayoress, said that schtfY t would then be enabled to give practical expression to ever views they held on Poor Law and whatever line their constituents' aspirations for imProYed conditions they tried to dr or between the deserving and the everyoee, trttr•ver tiler past histor y naiglit shourd ...our, now uyiegitabi.,ruction ment and also through administrative efforts on local be well.,Tiare I-for when they were ill and made as happy governing bodies. This policy, Sir, would meet with speaking from her. own experience of those (at least) the partial disapproval of the Warringt_m an: pools: is' he,. y that. nothing made them so happy Labour movemen't generally and The Scout in ndi'conteu:e''T as the feeling that they were producing particular. isomething pretty and useful. She thought all. present Your contributor apparently bllieves that public ' would agree that the work had improved—(hear, hear) representation is the most urgent phase of the political —and that they would realize what a capital staff- of Brabazon ladies she had. (Applause). They all Labour movement, and has actually said that a Parlia- atritoiLaideep interest in the work. Though she was mentary candidature run under Labour auspices at yrea cruelitr,esrhe o tdoticieramwoi the last General Election would have built up a strong in would :Itlhar sale political Labour movement in this town. On the other her that the very ekistenee their Brabazon Trelaennich- rthis pat rsteiecmulear hand I claim that no political party can justifiably depended upon the proceeds of the sales. Miss contest any constituency where there is not a moderately Broarlbent concluded by reading the balance sheet strong organisation, capable of creditably conducting which showed that the proceeds of the last sale at Eih , a rousing intelligent electoral campaignan addition to rappnhnit Hall amounted to £54 (a much larger larger amount than they had ever raised before, thanks a fair proportion of voters in the division who are to !qrs. Fr,tit's help) anithat work sold durinc, the year known to be staunch supporters of the particular I realized nearly .£2O. Materials had cost £6els. measures and ideals upheld by the prospective and the sums given to men on leaving hospital and candidate. History shows us that no political party expended on visits to the seaside totalled £7 178. 3d. can possibly continue for any lengthened period to There was a balance in hand of Gs. OW. pass legislation in defiance of the prevailing general The Ctutran tx said -the Brabazon radies had had a . opinion in the ceuntry, and public representatives year of great prosperity and of hard work and had The interested themselves in thecare of the sick cannot efficiently administer the existing laws in money entrusted to them had been very wisely s direct opposition to the views held by the majority of pent and he was sure they were doing it work which the voters in their respective constituencies. would commend itself to the Master who "went about As an alterative to The Scout's outlined scheme I doing good." humbly suggest that the Trades Council should draw up Mrs. GREENALL said the object of the sale must. a manifesto stating clearly and concisely the ideals and appeal to them, because it helped those who were quite objects of this new political movement, and then by unable to help themselves. The spleerlid report Miss the systematic distribution of • this declaration and Broadbentri had rdeailtandtethe encouraging her from liuknenteocesssa.lrvy what ears;lemndil other suitable literature, and the, holding of public a sp.eech,nbguet she e would meetings and periodical lectures, conduct an incessant charity she thought that was and what a grand work the political campaign in the various wards of the ladies who supported the Brabazon scheme were doing. town. And when their principles have been She was sure Miss Broadbent and her workers must be accepted and their policy endorsed by a considerable very pleased with the way their efforts had been appre- number of burgesses in any particular ward, then ciated and she(Mrs. Greenall) could see the tremendous irnproVement in the work,both in quality and in quantity, (and not until then) will the time be opportune for the since the sales began. (Applause). Trades Council to contest a municipal election with any On the motion of Mr. A. J. JOLLEY' seconded by Miss hope of furthering the ultimate success of the local Baoarniewavho apologised for the absence of the Revs. Labour Movement. —Yours etc„ W. Bracecatnp and Father Ryan, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mrs. Greenall. The proceeds of the. Sale amounted to £25 18s. Y.

INcoa.--It is characteristic of his fairness. He will join the ranks of Socialism before long, or I am mis- taken. Thanks for "cutting." H.P.G. and ALPILA,.—I would advise you to read " Real Socialism : What it is and what it is not," by Robert BLatchford. The price is one penny. On page 7 you will find: "Another charge against Socialists is that they are Atheists, whose aim is to destroy all religion, and all morality. This is not true. It is true that many Socialists are Agnostics, and some are Atheists. But Atheism is no more a' part of Socialism than it is a part of Toryism, or of Radicalism or of Liberalism. Many prominent Socialists are Christians, not a few are clergymen. Many Liberal and Tory leaders are Agnostics or Atheists. I, for instance, am an Agnostic ; but so, I believe, are Mr. Balfour and Mr. John Morley. Mr. Bradlahgh was a Radical, and an Atheist; Professor Huxley was an opponent of Socialism, and an Agnostic. It deals with laws, and with industrial and political government. It is not sense to say, because some Atheists are Socialists, that all Socialists are Atheists.

VULCAN,

===== 0002601_19070601_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW THE POOR LIVE.

"I am the mother of twenty-two children, drive four looms all the week, go out cleaning on Sunday, and do all my own washing and cleaning," said Hannah Briailey, who summoned her husband at Preston on Wednesday for persistent ctuelty. She had had five black eyes, she said., in nine weeks, and hundreds besides. Her husband loafed alynit the market-place. Foal- children were alive, and she had never lost an hour at the mill for elt‘ven years. A separation order with Gs. a week FM granted." Who ought to receive an old-age pension in this case—the hard-working mother of:twenty-two children or the lazy loafer of a husband and fattier? The woman performs the duty to the State and the !VIII is efrag-tipmr-fiociety ingneral and-IN-a 'vrOna an in particular. Bernard Shaw said, the other day that "there would be no reform until they got to the old maxim, He who will not work shall not eat,' whether he be a duke or a tramp."' Doea Society need re-organising, think you?

===== 0002601_19070601_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
TOTES AND GAS STOVES.

Sir,—The Trades Council of Warrington has taken a decisive step recently in deciding to contest elections with direct trade union representatives. Its action in this matter is open to some objection and a great deal will depend on the calibre of its champions at election times. At least, however, one aspect of the question has received emphasis, since it has again been declared that trades unionism of itself is insufficient to secure the workers their full rights. Political action is necessary to supplement industrial combinations. Trade unionism has been the stepping stone to direct representation, but if this continues to b 3 the natural order of events, the unionists of Warrington need to consolidate their influence locally and bring in many workers outside the pale. Men who have not suffi- cient industrial sense to join the union in their par- ticular trade are hardly likely to use politics intelli- gently. If the present intention of the Trades Council is to be of permanent value the special objects and propaganda of Trades Unionism must be more actively and persistently brought to the notice of the workers. I Under the present industrial conditions neither political action nor trades combination will of itself "fill the bill!' Both sides of the workers' case must be' presented to him and others and the union that ensures a large trade membership is the one that will, in times of inevitable industrial stress, be able to also continue its political warfare. Political action may secure the workers a larger share of the loaf in due time, but the crust necessary for "Little Mary" is ensured by benefits obtained through the Trade Union. The work waiting to be done is heavy, as may be llustrated by the gas stove workers in Warrington.

KiEr!llWal

Two of .the three local firms have world wide reputa- tions and employ a large number of men. It is esti- mated that at least 300 of these men are eligible for membership in either the National Union of Stove Grate Workers or in the Scotch Union ; yet the num- ber of local members is a paltry thirty or so. The- conditions of employment under the two firms are not very bad as things go, but one wonders what would happen if changes of management or new con- ditions of trade came into vogue. The employees are, practically without organisation and would in case of need be almost Rowerless. The gas stove trade is many departments worked by unskilled labour with the result that, while boys and young men may get fair wages, there is little prospect in the future for men upon whom a wife and family depend. The disproportionate number of youths employed in the gas stoves and kindred trades here is largelyaccounted for by the weakness of the Unions in this district, and • those who have seen the evil growing have been unable hitherto to arouse the workers to a sense of their danger. It is to be hop3d the members of the Trade Society will redouble their efforts and that greater success will result. The National Union of Stove Grate Workers wisely takes in all grades of men employed 'in the trade, and it and the Scotch Society are on good sound lines. I confess that I view the future position of gas stove workers with considerable alarm and their unpreparedness locally is absolutely suicidal. Organise! Organise ! should be the cry, and if political combination/is accompanied by trades organisation Ido not fear the result. Yours etc

LA.ZARUS. ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.

F. H.—Christian people cannot conscientiously ignore the claims of Socialism. They ought not to ignore the teachings of Christ. Jesus Christ taught Communism which is "the most advanced form of the policy gener- ally known as Socialism." If Communism is distasteful to you, how can you honestly call yourself a follower of Christ ?

===== 0002601_19070601_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
LIFE IN THE WORKHOUSE. The Brabazon Scheme.

THE SHIP CANAL BILL.

(Ctintiteaea frsr. Page 3). WALTON SLUICES GUARDED.

The dispute between the Corporation and the Man- chester Ship Canal Company has taken a curious turn. The Corporation, in conjunction with the traders of the town, are opposing the Bill under which the Canal Com- pany seek further pumping powers, by which it is alleged, the salt water will reach the Mersey at War- rington from the canal. As the manufacturers take water from the river for boiler and other purposes, it is held that these powers may seriously affect the trade of Warrington by forcing the firms to seek a new water supply. As a counter-stroke the Company claim that they already have power to open sluices gatesat Walton and they have recently done this. The Corporation have gone to law over the point, and in the meantime have stationed a body of men at the sluices to prevent the Company's men from opening them at high tide. The Corporation force is the larger one, and so far has succeeded in holding the sluices.

Opposition was ()tiered to the Manchester Ship Canal Company's (Various Powers) Bill before the Select Committee of the House of Commons yesterday. Mr. Honoratus Lloyd, counsel for the Canal company, suggested that the incre3se in salinity could only amount to 11 grains of salt per gallon. To this, Mr. Priest, engineer, of Liverpool, who was giving evidence on behalf of the Warrington traders replied, "I don't think the petitioners would be here for a grain of salt. You are here for powers to do something which has frightened the petitioners, and they don't want to be damaged."

===== 0002601_19070601_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Services for Sunday.

Baptist Church, Latchford: Preacher, Rev. J. F. Matthews. Subject, 10.30, "Leading Betrine ideas," 6.0" The Child the father to the man." Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church: Preachers, 10.30, Rev. E. J. Gawne ; 6.30, Mr. E. J. Guest, B.A. Bold-street Wesleyan Church, Sunday School Anni, versary : Preacher,lo.3o and 6.30, Rev. Percy Ainsworth (Manchester). Special anthems and hymns will be given by the children and choir at each service. A Rower service will be held in the afternoon at which Mr. J. C. B. Percy (Manchester) will speak. Baptist Church, Ciolborne-street : Preacher, 10.30 and 6.30, a student from Manchester Baptist College. ' Wycliffe Congreczational Church: Preacher, 10.30 and 6.30. Rev. J. Yonge. The Warrington and District Free Church Council will at eight in the evening hold the first of a series of open-air services by the Corporation Hall, Market- street. The speakers will be Mr. C. E. Parker and the Revs. J. F. Matthews and C. L. Stowe.

Major and Captain Bennett were .awarded £1,662 compensation at Birr on Thursday far malicious burn- ing of theieproperty, im:7l44Lug 4everal vauable horses.

MOM.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
^IRIMMN

===== 0002601_19070601_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• r

===== 0002601_19070601_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
:1"' • , - , S YOU • g - - • ; • ,: f • . , A • : , • A' •

Are YOU suffering from BACKACHE Are you sure it is not

KIDNEY ACHE ? Rheumatism, Gout and other Uric Acid

Diseases, Urinary Trouble

, Dropsy, are some of the

other Results of K

DNEY DISEASE. WARRINGTON EVIDENCE.

D 0 you feel out of sorts; back aching, head aching, limbs aching?

Perhaps you suffer also from urinary trouble or gravel, or constant tiredness, nervousness or dizzi- ness?

Six years after Mr. Thomas Ruane 18, King. street, Warrington, was cured by Doan's Back-ache Kidney Pills, he said :—" lam more than pleased with the lasting good Doan's Pills have done me. Ever since my cure I have been getting on splen- didly. I have never felt better in my life, especially the last three years, and I have not required any more of the pills." We give here Mr. Ruane's original statement : "For many years I suffered from backaches, such cruel cutting pains that many a time I had to stop my work. lam a cabman, and out in all weathers. I had urinary disorders, too, also poor appetite, headaches, and dizziness. I was troubled with indigestion, and was generally out of order. "I have improved in every way since taking Doan's Backache Kidney Pills, and I most gladly give this testimonial. I thought I was in for a long spell of lumbago and urinary trouble, but Doan's Pills have made me strong and well again. (Signed) Taos. RITANE."

And you don't know what's the matter with you? And no medicine you take does you any real good? Has it aver occurred to you that your kidneys may he out of order? Perhaps weak only, perhaps diseased?

If they are weak or diseased you will suffer from symptoms of kidney disease such as those named above, and very likely from gravel, or from watery swellings under the eyes or round the ankles, and from kidney diseases such as dropsy,. rheumatism, stone, gout, lumbago, neuralgia and sciatica. Do you know that only a kidney medicine can cure the kidneys? Doan's Backache Kidney Pills are a special and very efficacious kidney medicine strengthening and curing diseased kidneys. They stop kidney trouble if taken at once, and cure long-standing and obstinate cases.

Thousands have been cured by them; here is what a Warrington man says about his experience of them.

1/ .. . ‘-__`---------- ----;--,, IT j .1.-- (\_.< s 1 „..?. :0- .r. , : ..--,,,;.:. ~-.--?:'. •, - '__.-- ;--; "7 r 0(,----. \ ~,,,e. ~.2.- -_,:.11,:.--,:,,rt,..:.-• -.,- ,z,.__.„.._,,,,,,.,..,. - 41It iii, , E f re, '.; 4 ' n '-' P';, . 01 .-Ar . • -.. 10 I • \ ~/ ,i7.2._ Fury '•:.," 40- :;--7 i'ae -- • 7:-.-..0: 1 4 4 t . ----r''.."'..—....14" --- ''--i. --z-cr* ' 1 ILI ill 1., iii.----J,,,p, • ~. \ 11, --,,,,c, -,,,s 4. :. ,I,so I. ',>,7i rkg 1. ~, .44 I. '..„, . • . ,6„ --.-' 2.-.2;.. Fr' H:`,..7''''?' 4C.ll'' .': '' ' : - 4.1:.:%1 a r • , ~-.— ~,.."-% Iliiiik,i . iot ~ . , . - , .7.,d.,1„ *l_, ,' r . _, •,y, 'At l'N\7l,, ~. i; Pictctre , -, ~...- ..- hr,4 Ar' 4'.l7>ay,' _:s '''' 6 1011111 rir '‘ ; ' "7 ' ---- - 40. - Stoll , N *-',." --- AIIIII,III '1 .' . ---.• .--‘ I 1 41/ ,', 7,. 1 ;;,....- ...mi. 'lv - ji..-,<, itv —6, • Adrl" . ' ' tiNZZ'''' / / .(%'-'/ ~ #,-4: • 1 _ 4. 4- -- ` • . ..--. . - .

• •• .• ~,,,&,—......, -- . . "%di.: ~.`,,,,, .-:%••,..... . , ,-.., ~, , 1., ,•,-;fri , A/oms eot ..,,ip, ..:, . ~_ " ,4. aiv. 1 .11,14 Backache - 1 4 . -•• 1 KIIIIILY PILLS ' jarkellis • ' --..--00-•••<- ' 4.• 11, d I,:p4s, CP7 a/. /-- - • - 1A 1 AA A

===== 0002601_19070601_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ONLY

GENUINE

BOX. W'

Be careful to get the genuine Doan's Backache Kidney Pills. They cannot be bought loose. They may be obtained of all chemists and stores, or direct, post free, from the, Foster-McClellan Co. 8, Wells. street, Oxford-street. London, W., price 2s. 9d. a box or 13s. 9d• for 6 boxes

===== 0002601_19070601_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HORSE PARADE, CREDITABLE DISPLAY AT

lii'AririlliUTON.

It was fortunate that the weather on Saturday after- noon was more in harmony with the traditions of the "merry month," for it ensured the success of Warrington's seventh annual horse parade, in which the townspeople take a great interest. The display was a highly creditable one, although in point of numbers there was a slight falling off, and showed that the object of the Committee —to encourage drivers and owners to take a greater pride in their horses—is being achieved. There was a splendid array of horse- flesh, and as the well-kept, smartly groomed animals passed along the crowded streets many expressions of admiration were heard. Warrington has indeed every reason to be proud that it can muster such a fine exhibition' and we hope the parade, which has now become firmly established, will long continue to fulkl its admirable purpose. As usual the competitors assembled in Arpley fields where the judging began at noon. Sir Gilbert Greenall, :Bart, the popular president, showed his interest in the parade by attending and he was accompanied by Mr. William Fletcher and Councillor J. Fulton-Smith, his fellow-members of the Reception Committee. So uniformly high was the quality of the exhibits that -the judging was by no means easy. It was, however, efficiently accomplished to the satisfaction of all, and at the close the prizes and diplomas were distribUted by Mrs. W. P. Rylands. This pleasing little ceremony over, Sir Gilbert Greenall proposed a hearty vote of thanks to Mrs. Itylands and briefly alluded to the improvement in the parade which had been witne:sed during the past few years. It was evident that the horses were very well cared for all the year round. Mr. W. Fletcher seconded and expressed the hope that in future more ladies would show their interest in the. parade by attending. The vote was heartily accorded, three dicers being given for Mrs.Rylands.ln responding Mrs Rylands said she very much regretted the absence of Lady Greenall who took such a keen interest in the proceedings. The procession then moved off, headed, by the Borough Fire Bridage, under the command of Super- intendent Turner, with their gaily-decorated engine. Then came Walker's band playing lively selections, and the magnificent teams of horses belonging to the firm followed. An equally attractive display was provided by Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Co. whose fire brigade and large number of powerful horses figured prominently. The Warrington Slate Co., as usual, showed many horses in splendid condition and secured the medal for the best pair of animals in -the procession. Messrs. Crosfield's fire brigade looked very smart and the rest of the procession was made up of a long line of turnouts of various classes. More music was idiscoursed by the Borough Band. Most of the horsed were gaily caparisoned and some of the owners must have gone to considerable trouble and expense to secure pleasing decorative effects. The only feature which could be termed a I novelty was the turnout of Messrs. Crawford, the well known biscuit manufacturers, whith obtained a I silver cup at Liverpool. A lurry drawn by a splendid horse, was surmounted with a unique arrangement of biscuit boxes towering high in the air and forming I a conspicuous object which attracted general attention. The procession traversed the following route :—Parker- street, Sankey-street, Buttermarket-street, Church- street, round the lamp, Church-street, Mersey-street, Bridge-street, Horsemarket-street, Winwick-street, Tanners-lane, Froghall-lane, Priestley-street, Powys- , street, Bank Quay, Sankey-street, Bold-street, Wilson Patten-street. Praise is due to the officials for the admirable arrangements and especially to Mr: A. H. Clive and Councillor Fulton Smith wbo very ably 'discharged the duties of hon. secretary and hon. treasurer respectively The other officers were : —Committee :—Messrs. W. Bainbridge, H. Ferguson, jun., W. Fletcher, Robert Garton, S. Pickton, H. G. Roberts, W. P. Rylands, R. Spann, George Venn; judges :—Messrs. John Abbott, Thomas Bexter, Wm. Fairclough, Peter Knowles, John jAngshaw, George Marsh. Jos. Percival, N. Pilling, E. W. Sankey, Robert Turner, J. Turton, W. Gilbert, Jas. Gould ' • Chief Marshal: Mr. T. H. Pretty; referee, Mr. James Gould ; assistant marshal, Mr. Herbert Burrows ; stewards, Messrs. W. P. Rylands, R. Spann, W. Fletcher, W. Tinsley, R. Garton, S. mown, H. G. Roberts, W. Bainbridge, and H. Fergu- son, and for non-competitors, Messrs. W. Bainbridge i and H. Ferguson. THE PRIZE LIST.

The following is a list of the awards : Brewers' Pair Horses.-1, S. Harmer and J. Arnold (owners, Greenall, Whitley, and Co.) ; 2, E. Quainley (Greensll, Whitley and Co.) ; 3, George James (Greensll, Whitley and Co.), h n, J. Condliffe and Palmer (Peter Walker and Son) ; and c, S. Harmer (Peter Walker and Son). • Brewers' Single Horse.-I,llf. Gilfedder (Peter Walker nd Son) ; 2, Richard J&irraer (GiTenall, Whitley and

Co.) ; 3, E. Darley (Peter Walker and Son) ; hc, J. Teat, W. Mason, W. Johnson, J. Brown, A. Houghton (Peter Walker and Son) : and commended W. Mason and W. Williams (Peter Walker and Son). Builders' Merchants, Coal Merchants and Dealers.- 1 w _ _ , ro, (Peter Cartwright) ; 3, G. Thomason (Slate Co.); highly commended, T. Hardy, J. Hankey .(Slate Co ) ; and commended, P. Green—(Slate Co.), George H. Brown and Hamblett Hill (T. Berry). Builders, Contractors and Carters.-1, W. Sudlow (E. Isherwood) ; 2, J. Brown (Joseph Dolan) ; 3, W. Cart- wright (E. Isherwood) ; h c, J. Wright, T. Whalley,Luke Skelland and A. Lunt (E. Isherwood) and Arthur Williams (competitor and owner). Corporation Class.-1, C. Holding; 3, W. Taylor ;3, J. Gibbon ; v h c, A. Astall.

Butchers, Bakers, Grocers, Light Miscellaneous, Fish Dealers and Milk Dealers.-1, H.enry Green (Thomas Green) ; 2, S. N. Green; 3, A. Stanuard (W. and J. Strange) ; h c H. Grealey (S. Kershaw), H. Bolton (1. H. Hougheon). H. Burrows, (E. Isherwood), Geoffrey Brocklehurst, and Arthur Green; c, E. Caldwell (J. Cald well ).

Mineral Water Manufacturers.-1. F. Acton (B. Cunningham) ; 2, Henry Smith (R. Stothert and Son). Heavy Miscellaneous and Covered Furniture Vans.- 1, Charles Hughes ; 2, W. Bate (Pierpoint and Bryant) ; 3, G. Blanchard (Monks, Hall and Co., Limited) ; com- mended, Charles Jones (J. M. Oreenhalgh) ; John Collins (Waring and Co., Limited); William Collier and James Mather (Mortimer and Co.); Joseph Monks (George Howard). Pair Horse Miscellaneous.-1, T. Cook and E. Dack (Slate Co.); 2, J. Wakefield (Carter and Gandy) ; 3, G. Dack and J. Wells (Slate Co.). Tradesmen's Turnonts.-1, J. Dickenson (J. . S. Garland); 2. John Williams (Peter Leigh); 3, J. Broadhurst (Steam Laundry). Silver Cup for,the Best Light Lurrfand Van Horse.— B. Cunningham.

Silver Cup for the Best Light Horse.-11. Isherwood; r, S. A. Green. Silver Medal and Premium of for the Best Pair of Horses in the Procession.-1, Warrington Slate Company. Silver Medal for the Best Horse.—Warrington Corporation.

THE CHURCHES .AND MODERN THOUGHT. Messrs. Watts S: Co. have now issued a second and revised edition of "The Churches and iliodern Thought." This work is attracting considerable attention. The first edition, published last year, consisted of one thousand copies—the present •edition comprises five thousand copies ; but the publishers confidently expect that another and still larger edition will be required at no distant date. The book, both in its style and in its subject-matter, appeals to the widest possible range of readers, and, to render its purchase within the means of a large circle, a popular edition is being issued con- currently with the new library edition. The publishers believe that a work dealing exhaustively, temperately, And lucidly with the arguments for and against belief, and also stimulating to thouseht in vital and healthy ways, is a want much felt at this present time of religious unrest, and that the appearance of such a book at the psychical moment could hardly have been more opp_ortune._

-Messrs. Watts are issuing, for the Rationalist Press Association a sixpenny edition of Francis William New:uan's "Phases of Faith." Mr. A. W. Senn con- tributes an appreciative introduction, in which he alludes to the author's simple-minded sincerity and "lucid, impressive, unaffected language," and characterises the work as "the record of a brave thinker's inner life." Another work, re-issued for the above Association at sixpence, is Mrs. C. P. Gilman's "Concerning Children," an original and sympathetic study of childhood and its true training by the gifted author of " Women and Economics." ro this repdnt a brief introduction is supplied by Miss Margaret McMillan. "A Hundred Years of Education Con- troversy "is the title of a pamphlet by Mr. J. McCabe, also issued by Messrs. Watts. It contains a brief historical review of the struggle in England between the Established Church and the Nonconformists as to the religious education to be given in state-sided or supported schools. Mr. McCabe maintains that the only solution of the difficulty is to confine national education to secular subjects, ,leaving the churches to provide outside the schools what religious instruction may be desired by the parents.

Lady Craft. • Lady Croft wife of Sir Herbert- Archer Croft, of Lugwardine Court, Hereford, and daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. Charlton Parr, Grappenhall Heyes, has given birth to a son and heir. Music in the Park. The Borough Band will play the following pro- gramme of music in the Park on Sunday next : Hymn, " Goodshaw," J. A. Greenwood; march, " Blenceithra," W. Rimmer ; overture, " Golden Star," J. A. Greenwood ; selection "Ii Trovatore," Verdi ; selection, "The Daughter of the Regiment," Donizetti ; selection," La Vestale," Spontini ; " God Save the King."—Conductor, Mr. T. Griffin. Mr. J. C. Sutton. "The Poor Law Officers' Journal" says :—" Mr. J. C. Sutton, the clerk of the Warrinoton Union, who will shortly complete his 35th year of service as clerk of the Guardians,has intimated his intention of shortly relinquishing his- appointment. Mr. Sutton, than whom there is no more respected clerk in the country, has been closely associated with the progress of the Union, and his retirement will be a distinct loss to the poor-law service." " LEA-FRANCIS," "PREMIER," and " BUDGE- ,' WHITWORTH " CYCLES. Price from .C 4 10s. Cash or easy payments.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. A Cheshire Walk Thrown Open. Lord Delamere has decided to throw open the new Park Road, Vale Royal, to pedestrians, if unaccom- panied by dogs, between 0 a.m. and sunset. This is the road to secure which the Northwich Rural Council fought Lord Delamere in the law courts. The High Court held that Lord Delamere had absolute rights. The road has since been closed. It is one of the most delightful walks in Cheshire. Lord Delamere appeals to the public to respect the privilege and to keep to the roadway, which is bounded on either side by woods and game covers. Child's Narrow Escape. A young child had a very narrow escape from serious injury on Monday. About 1.30 William Ellison, in the employ of the Wigan Coal and Iron Company was driving a horse attached to a coal lurry along Knutsford-road when Sarah Harper, aged one year and ten months, daughter of Peter Harper, 35, Old-road, stepped off the footpath near the corner of School-street and was knocked down by one of the wheels of the vehicle. Her ankle was crushed but fortunately her injuries were not of a more serious character. After receiving attention at the Infirmary the little girl was taken home. LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Adtv. Junior Conservative Drive. After postponement on account of rain, the first evening drive in connection with the Junior Conservative Association and Club took place on Tuesday, the route being through Grappenhall and Lymm. 'Buses to the number of nine, conveyed the party, numbering about 400, leaving the club in Orford-lane shortly after half-past six. Among those present were Councillor Fulton Smith (deputy cb airman of the Conservative Association), Mr. Edward Draper (chairman of the Junior Conservative Club), Mr. Herbert Hayes (organizing secretary), and Mr. W. MCNiel Sloane. A short halt was made at Lymm for refreshments, after which a start was made for home which was reached by way of Statham, Thelwall and Latchford, at 9.50, all having greatly enjoyed the outing. Water Polo. Warrington polo team journeyed to Hyde on Tues- day evening when they met the Hyde Seal team. The game was hotly contested from the outset, and War- rington were the first to score through W. Ashton, the Cheshire county man. Hyde retaliated, and G. Wilkinson soon equalized. The same player added a second goal before the interval, and ends were changed, Hyde leading 2-1. In the second half Hyde were the first to attack, and the Hyde captain beat Woods. The visitors now attacked spiritedly, and Allen beat G. Wilkinson with a long s,hot. After this Hyde held the upper hand and goals were added by Lister and Wilkinson. Result : Hyde Seal, 5 ; Warrinal—n 2.

Serious Gas Explosion. A. serious gas explosion occurred in the Penketh shop of the Warrington Co-operation Society, on Tues- day. It appears that one of the assistants, named William Pickton Tucker opened the shop and per- ceived a strong smell of gas. He at once proceeded to investigate with a lighted taper with the result that there was immediately an expbsion.The windows were blown out, and fragments of glass were flung across the road. Tucker shouted for help, and John Tunstall, who happened to be in the stable yard at the hack of .the the shop, heard his call, and burst the door open, , finding him on his back quite unconscious and in ' great danger of suffocation. A man, named Marshall Whitfield, who was standing outside near the window when the explosion occured received cuts on his hands from the broken glass. Tucker was attended by Dr. IMurray and is recovering rapidly from the severe shock. PUBLIC MWEFIT, UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEiT BOOTS IN L ANCASHIRE.—AdVt. Primrose League Meeting. The annual general meeting of the Daresbury Prim- rose League, Habitation No. 2,058, was held on Tuesday night in the Sessions Room, Daresbury. Mr. I. I. Wynne-Jones, ruling councillor, presiding. The Hon. Treasurer (Mr. J. E. Seeker) submitted the balance sheet, which showed that the year was started with a balance in hand of £ll us. 3d., and ended with £l2 3s. sd. in hand. The Ruling Councillor remarked that the habitation was self- supporting, not withstanding the entertainment given during the winter. Considering what had been done the balance sheet was very creditable. The Ruling Councillor proposed the re-election of Lady Greenall as Dame President. Mr. Houghton seconded, and the motion was cordially passed. Mr. Cross proposed the re-election of Mr. Wynne-Jones as ruling councillor The motion was unanimously agreed to. Mr. Seeker was re-elected hon. treasurer. Mr. Phillips hon. secretary and the following were re-elected members of the Executive Council: Colonel Ridgway and Messrs. Frank Tinsley, C. Shepherd Cross, Frank Birch, W. Fowles, Edward de Prez, A. da Prez, H. Tickle, W. Weir.

Metal Thefts. A sequel the case in which a man named Charles Daniels last week was sentenced to three months' imprisonment for stealing brass and iron from the Warrington District Threshing Company's 'Yard, Lythgoe's-lane, was heard at the Borough Police Court on Tuesday. Daniels made an accusation again 9t Robert Flatman, Ellesmere-street, employed by the Threshing Company,who was a witness against him,and Flatman was now charged with stealing a vice value 305., the property of the Company, and a quantity of iron, belonging to the National Telephone Company. Reading a report of the Daniels case a toolmaker named James Matthew Molyneux, Ellesmere-street, who bought a 'vice from Flatman for four shillings, came forward and was the principal witness against him. Flatman was sentenced to four months' hard labour.—The Bench said they were extremely dis- satisfied with Molyneux's condnut. He ought to have known that Flatman could not have come by the vice , honestly to sell it for four shillings. Molyneux's expenses would be disallowed. PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER ME CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN la ANCASHIRE.—Advt. Board of Guardians. A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held on Wednesday under the presidency of Mr. A. J. Jolley. 'There were also present :—Mrs. Wilkin- son, Mrs. Simpson, Miss Broadbent, Rev. M. Ryan, Dr. Murray, Messrs.E. L.Bent,A.Brooks, W. C.Brooks, S. Davies, W. Flanagan, R. Forshaw, W. Furness, G. Mather, J. C. Sutton (clerk), J. F. A.wbery (master) and A. Wright (superintendent of Padgate schools)—The Clerk said the audit only finished on Tuesday evening, having lasted practically a week and all the books and papers had been in the procession of the'auditor until now, with the result that he (Mr. Sutton) had no work to bring before the Board. When he was • appointed clerk the audit used to last a little over one day, and at that time it was sufficient for the audit of all the parishes in the Union.—Mr. Brdoks asked if the auditor would report to the Board. —The Clerk said that as a rule the report was sent to the Rural District Council. He had a two hours' dis- cussion with the audor as to whether a certain item of expenditure should be surcharged on the Council or not, but he was pleased to say that after consulting the law books and authorities, the auditor decided not to surcharge.—lt was reported that the number of inmates in the House last Friday was 493, as compared with 483 for the corresponding day last year. The vagrants relieved during the week numbered 269 as against 352.

It is very seldom that a great man when be departs this life leaves behind him a great son. The late Sir William Harcourt, M.P., made a great name in the political arena. He did noble work in his day, the greatest feat being his " Death Duties Budget," whereby he showed the nation how to obtain revenue without pressing Upon the necessities of life, or further taxing the people's food. His son, the present Member for the Rossendale diVision of Lancashire, if he con- tinues as he is now going on, will make a big name for himself in the country. The manner in which he coached through the House of Commons his " 'sine Man, One Vote" Bill, was simply splendid. Pity, indeed it was, that all the time devoted to that measure was lost, and the Bill itself destroyed by that wretched institution, the House of Lords. If the working men of this country would only give a tithe of the attention to politics which they do give to matters of much less importance, this lordly institution would soon be set in order. Having lost his first Bill, Mr. Harcourt, nothing daunted, returns to the attack. Once more he storms the citadel of monopoly and privilege with his "Small Holdings Bill." The land question is a great I problem. The difficulties of our present system of land tenure cannot be overcome by one legislative enactment. It has three chief aspects : rural, urban, and town aspects. The latter perhaps is at the present time most acute. Mr. Harcourt tackles the rural side of the question. Be seems to recognize that the land is God's free gift to the whole human race; that rural land is of no use unless it is cultivated ; that the cultivation of land can only properly be carried out by people who understand the business ; and that it is the duty of the State to encourage the cultivation on these lines. The Small Holdings Bill is a capital measure as it stands at present. The newspapers tell us that the Labour members in the Rouse are delighted with it, and we all know that the member for Warrington will give it an enthusiasic support. First, it makes no provision for peasant ownership. I believe that individual ownership of land is generally a mistake, whether the owner be peer or peasant. The land should be for the use of the people, and the right to properly use it belongs as much to unboen generations as to the people of this present time. The definition of the word allotment" is in the future to mean from one to five acres, and the small holding will go from 5 acres to 50. The local governing body of the distriot is to have the power to acquire land, either by voluntary arrange- ment or by compulsory purchase, but no additional price is to be paid on account of the compulsion. Land lying idle outside towns can be acquired by the local councils, and held at a fair agricultural rent, to be released again when required for building or indus- trial purposes. It would perhaps have been as well if the purchase price of this land had been fixed by the Bill, at its present rateable value, for it is a curious thing how little some land is worth when it is to be assessed for rating purposes, and how enormously and rapidly it increases in value when it is wanted for building purposes. Mr. Harcourt's Bill also gives the local authorities power to acquire grazing land, and sheep walks for attachment to small holdings in common. Co-opera- tive credit banks are to be established to advance small loans to tenants, and the local authorities are to be allowed to borrow money for the purpose of pur- chasing, the repayments being spread over a period of 80 years. The authority has also power to transfer land to associations of small holders, subject to the approval of the Board of Agriculture and this board is permitted to set up experimental small holdings in order to demonstrate their feasibility, the Treasury making a grant of £lOO,OOO for this purpose. The holders are to be occupying,cultivating tenants, with security of tenure and full compensation for unexhausted improvements when they give up posses- sion of their holding. One of the most important provisions of the Bill is that where any authority refuses to do its duty, the Board of Agriculture will appoint Commissioners to do it for them, and charge any expenses so incurred against the defaulting authority. Bravo Harcourt! It is a splendid attempt to tackle a big question, and it will be interesting now to watch the kind of reception this Bill meets with, from various sections of the ;political world. "As a landlord myself,' said Mr. Harcourt, "I welcome the compulsion which is comprised in the Bill. I stand in a position very common among my class. lam a tenant for life of my estate under a very strict settlement entail. I have no son ; I am therefore compelled, or at all events am morally bound, and so are my `ne ultimate remainaer umn,who may be a distant relative, and to exercise a strictness of administration and absence of social and political bias which I should not feel myself compelled to exercise if I had a son or was the owner in fee simple. I therefore welcome this compulsion, not that it will be necessary to put it in - operation against myself, but because it will enable me and my trustees to act voluntarily and by agreement in a way in which nothing else could have done."

Noble sentiments these, I wonder how many Tory landlords will endorse them? The vultures, I am afraid, will soon begin to close round this tempting morsel. We are sure to hear a lot about "Confiscation," and the" Sacred rights of property," but the Liberals must look after the more sacred rights of humanity. What will the House of Lords say to a Bill like this.? They would sooner put a tax on corn than provide agricultural holdings for the people. They may not have the courage to reject this Bill, but the people must narrowly watch how the noble Lords propose to "Amend it." Those who live on rents will not be very enthusiastic on behalf of this Bill. In the Chartist days a Radical poet wrote the following. "For what were all these landed patriots born? To hunt, and vote, and raise the price of corn. Safe in their barns, these Sabine tillers sent Their brethren out to battle. Why? For rent!

Year after year they voted cent per cent, Blood, sweat, and tear wrung millions. Why? For rent! They roared,they dined,they drank,they swore,they meant To die for England. Why then live? For rent! And will they not repay the treasure lent? . .

No! down With everWling, and np with rent! Their good, ill, health, wealth, joy, or discontent, Being, end, aim, religion—rent, rent, rent !" These words could be applied to some of the Tory members in the House of Lords at the present time. , I often wonder what the Tory workingman thinks of a struggle such as the one we shall be engaged in during the next few weeks in reference fo Mr. Harcourt's measure. Everyone knows how the depopulation of our rural districts continues, and how acute becomes the struggle for existence in our large towns, because of the exodus from our villages. Why should so much of our own land lay idle, while we have to send abroad for our food, part of which might be grown at home. It is a great blessing that our ports are open, anti that we can obtain what we require so easily and cheaply from other lands; but that is no excuse for allowing British acres to remain uncultivated, and all working men and women, whether they be Liberal or Tory, ought to hail with enthusiasm any man who like Mr. Harcourt is endeavouring to restore the people to the land and give us an opportunity of diminishing poverty and finding profitable occupation for some of the unemployed. My advice to the neople at the present time is watch narrowly this interesting struggle over Harcourt's Bill ; take note of what is said and done by the opponents of the measure, keep your eyes on the House of Lords, and remember in reference to "all whom it may concern" " By their fruits ye shall know them."

===== 0002601_19070601_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
• , 441.1.:t

••_:..,..--~iaCf

===== 0002601_19070601_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, tA) Sfl --7 turd June 19 1.907 •

"BRAVO, HARCOURT !"

[By J. HowEs.]

===== 0002601_19070601_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WHITE CITY.

HALE'S TOURS OF THE WORLD.

I Hale's Tours of the world, this grand demonstrator of the possibilities of the world, as well as a national educator of man, is testing the capacity of its two ' handsome Pullman Cars at the White City daily. These tours are not only very interesting but instruc- tive. It is a colossal object lesson and exceptionally different from all other exhibitions, and does not in any degree rely for its success upon the display of sentimental features that have no utility. So success- ful have Hale's Tours of the World been in London that the Company have established branches at the White City, Manchester, Blackpool, Nottingham, Leeds, Now Brighton, Liverpool, Bristol, Dublin, Glasgow, Swansea and Cardiff, while others will be opened as quickly as cars can be built.

At the Egyptian Hall of the London Mansion House on Friday there was a large and distinguished gather- in the occasion of the presentation to Sir John Kirk (who on the previous day had unexpectedly received the honour of knighthood at the hands of the King) of the national testimonial which had been raised in recognition of his work in connection with the Ragged School Union. The testimonial included a cheque for £2,000, a portrait of Sir John painted in oils (which is to be hung in the Council Room of the Ragged School Union), and an illuminated address. A replica of the portrait, and a drawing-room clock with Westminster chimes, were presented to Lady Kirk.

The Lancashire Education Co mmittee met at Preston on Monday, Eir Henry F. Hibbert presiding. Mr. S. Taylor congratulated Sir Henry outlaying been placed on the Consultative Committee of the Board of Edacation, which was almost the Blue Riband for those interested in education, and Sir Henry, in reply, said he hoped he would have time and health to do his duty both to the Cummittee and to the county. Sir Henry Hibbert, in moving the adoption of the report of the Higher Education Sub-Committee, said that body had gone very carefully into the services and individual merits of their respective teachers. He thought the result of the work would be to give justice to their assistant teachers in the day secondary schools. At any rate, he took it that the reason the had raised the salaries of the assistant masters was that there should be some inducement for men offiintelligence and ability to enter the secondary schools of the county. With regard to prizes for evening schools and classes, it was now recommended that the sum to be included in the estimates for a district in any one year should not exceed five per cent: of the grant received from the Board of Education during the financial year imme- diately' preceding on behalf of the schools and classes of that district. In his opinion, that was a wise regula- tion. During 1905 and 1906 there was spent on prizes and prize distribution a sum of about £2,380, and for 1906-7 there was included in the estimates a sumlof £2,262. By the new rule the money voted for this purpose would be reduced to £1,150. They had, there- fore, not only reduced the amount of money given by the ratepayers for prizes, but they had instituted a kind of promotion by merit or payment by result, which ought to act advantageously throughout the entire area.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
ILIOUS NO MO' E.

A FARMER'S LIFE-LONG SUFFERING FROM BILIOUSNESS, CONSTIPATION, HEADACHES AND DIZZINESS.

HOW HE WAS CURED AT LAST BY MOTHER SEIOEL'S SYRUP.

The remedy that can cure biliousness, in one who has 1 suffered with it from infancy to the full prime of early manhood, must be a real remedy, and such is Mother Seigel's Syrup. Here is the proof of what yr e say. Mr Herbert Shipley, a young married farmer, of Scawcett Farm, Epworth, by Doncaster, in a statement, dated January 3rd, 1907, says : "All my life I have been subject to biliousness. I had bilious attacks when a boy at school, and as I grew up they got worse., I have had as many as three dsitinct attacks in a fortnight. They came on with headache and dizziness, I could not eat, and s felt thoroughly wretched. I was nervous, too, and often when out dtiving I hardly knew how to get out of the way of carts or traps I met.. Always the attack would work up, getting worse and worse, till it ended in vomiting. I used to heave till I could hardly sta.nd,till I felt like sinking into my boots, as I used to say. Then when this was over, I would have a little peace for a time, till the next attack came on. At all times I was plagued with constipation, for which there seemed no real relief.

"So things went on till, ab out a year ago, I was advised te take Mother Seigel's Syrup. I felt bette almost from the first dose, though then ii the middle of an attack, and soon I was quite well. At the present time I am in thorough good health."

This is a message of hope for the bilious. H owever long you may have suffered, how- ever severely, Mother Seigel's Syrup will cu re you Take it, and cease to suffer.

THE 2s. D. BOTTLE CONTAINS THREE TIMES A'S MUCH AS THE is. 11n. SIZE.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY EDUCATION COMMITTEES.

LANCASHIR?..

CHESHIRE.

At a meeting of the Cheshire Education Committee on Monday, Dr. Hodgson, who presided, alluded to Mr. MoKenna's scheme of regulations affecting grants to secondary schools, and expressed his fears that those regulations might seriously retard secondary education in Cheshire. Instead of offering relief to the rate- payers he thought the effect of the regulations might mean a great addition to the rates. It was proposed to have two scales of 'grants, and that •to earn the higher grant they would have to have at least twevi,r. eve per cent. OL -----,uation free. He viewed the proposals with great alarm as calculated to waste an enormous amount of public money without any profitable return. In Cheshire they had laid down a system of education embracing all types without respect to social status and it seemed to him that a sudden revolutionary Change like this, without reference to the feelings of Local Authorities, would be a calamity. (Hear, hear.) A deputation was appointed to interview the Board of Education on the subject. _ _

Tile meeting re-affirmed by a large majority its con- viction, on the motion of Mr. J. J. Evans, that school attendance summonses should be served by the police and not by school attendance officers • and also, on the motion of Judge Bradbury, seconded by Dr. Hewitt, decided to report to the Board of Education that there was no necessity for putting the Provision of Meals Act into operation in Cheshire for the present. The Director of Education drew attention to the fact that tke Government grants on account of elementary schools were liable to decline on account of the absence from school of children suffering from infectious sick- ness.

Mr. T. Beeley complained that some of their schools were simply poison dens where children were crowded to the prejudice of their health. When they were poisoning the children it was no wonder they had epidemics. _ _ _ _ _

'After discussion it was decided to ask the Board of Education to compensate the authorities for any loss of grant in such cases.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0083.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19070601_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
This week, as you will see, we have go new Headpiece for our Corner. I have done this with a view of publishing more contributions than ever, because, as I have mentioned before, a heP-vy post-bag means keeping something back, Perhaps, you might wonder what the seconcr figure on the right represents. Well, as the artist man is not here, I will tell you—it is a pussy cat—but, please, tell no one, or there may be trouble in store for Uncle. I hope all of you will have a try in the Pig Card Competi- tion. As I said last week, I am giving a prize for the funniest one sent in, and I am also giving six Consolation Prizes as well. The six extra prizes will consist of very dainty pocket- mirrors, with bevelled glass, and tortoiseshell design backs. I expeet the girls will have a good try for these mirrors—to enable them to zee whether the hat is on strai—. Ah, my liens, I know a thing or two yet, don't It With the best of good wishes until next week, UNCLE :NED.

WELCOME TO Agnes Blythe, Gladys Hooper, Deborah Cope, Benny Farrar, John L. Watts.

_ giant once lived in a large and grafter estate. He used to go round to poor farmers' houses and steal a sheep .to eat, as he did not want. to kill his own sheep. A poor widow lived in the neighbourhood, who had but one son to help her. This boy was a great 1p to his mother. When his father was alive, he had bought the boy a lamb, to which he was very, kind. This lamb did the giant cove', Ile stole into the yard one night, and took the lamb. Then a lovely fairy 'appeared before the boy, who said, "That great, ugly giant has stolea your lamb, so,, as you have been a good boy to loth your mother and the lamb, here is a magic sword. Go, follow the giant, slay him, get your lamb back again, and then call for me, and I will tell you what to do." So the boy went, caught up to the giant, and quite took him by surprise. Ile climbed up his back, drew the magic sword, and cut off the giant's head. He fell to the ground, dead. The boy got his lamb back, and then the fairy appeared before him again. She said, "All the giant's estate now belongs to you. Go, bring your mother, and live in the giant's castle." The boy returned the sword to the fairy, and said "No, thank you; my mother would have too much work to do if she had to keep a whole giant's castle clean." The fairy nodded in approval, and vanished into the night.

BENNY fAliltilt.

OOMPLAINTS.

Too fat, too lean, too hot, too cold, I always do complain; Too raw, too roast, too young, too old— Faults I will find or feign. Let it be flesh, or fowl, or fish, It never shall be said But I'll find fault with meat or dish,

With master or with maid. But when I go to bed at night, I heartily do weep, That I must part with my delight— I cannot scold the sleep. However, this doth mitigate And much abate my sorrow. That though to-night it be too late, I'll early scold to-morrow. JOHN THOMAS HOPSON.

THE WAY HE HEARD IT.

A sailor who had been to a church service when he heard some fine music, was afterwards descanting upon an anthem which had given him great pleasure. A listening shipmate finally asked: "I say, Bill, what's a hanthem 7" " What!" exclaimed Bill. "Do you mean to say you don't know what a hanthem is?" "Not me."

"Well, then, I'll tell yer. If I was to tell yer, 'Ere, Bill, give me that 'andspike,' that wouldn't be a hanthem. But if I was to say, 'Bill. Bill, Bill, give, give, give me, that, Bill, give me, give me that 'and, give me that 'and, . 'andspike, spike, spike, Bill, give, me that, that, 'and, 'andspike, 'and, 'andspike, spike, spike, spike. Ah-men, ah-men. Billgivemethat'and- spike, spike. Ahmen 1' why, that would be a hanthem 1" AGgES SMITE.

. iiiii.g.i):::::::;,;_,. ;.:..;;.':•:::.ili.':q.i.:' :.:'::::::**,...'.:4::3e.:.:;.?....kai.::.;:;:*:*?:::**11:::::,:i!i:i.::?:f4,*;:::*:.:*.::::".Z.:.!::' 1:4 4,..i .r.:.:':::.:i.i.:4:'4li'liii*,,,_ ...„:::::,:piiiik,-.i4a1r.7-:'''/-4,;::' :.,:::C:7.4.1V747.:.i.: . 1," '...:5; - ..'•:.:it:::::*, :.;1:.: i'10,1.:'::. .... i..:::: .' Z...:', t. ',.:.1i.i:-::.;f1,:l'e-. ';'-' ;::''. .:::::': ...:.qi...A..:: ....-::: :2.:,-,:77'''':-:- ". s::':f.-1.4,4,ti;..!?......ii:.4.---j..::;,,:5.:::7.-4,..:-.• . :i-i-, •::,-,..,:-.:::::•'..... .:5§;::::;.:.:.;,,, -.1.....,!i: 1...0.:, 3PI . iekic;: ' ''.;....i11:i;,-;iiie!..::-: 4 ':?::::, -,..e :::.;::.,..:A,...t..,-..- -..,,,, -:,. ~.. 0.: -\!,,,, i d",-,' ••'::;•'. ''' .: • ..*.'.. :'::::::. :....V..„-:.a....e ••'•-••' A.^4-' : :::. : , •,. 7.:+? :: 4 •14,1.1-.,„ 7' 3...::::::.-,.,ifi,. 1111ifeji:it....*,.....:::...:... • 4.• .: ' '7'•.•;'..:,....`....:.....:...........!..„ - •:ii':..!. :. . :,:i,.....:::::::• ,E;;.:::::ii:•:,.; "• • :,:i.:,...,:,;f::::.. ::...7 • ;•,.....:.::44. :-. -.. ~.. 71..-;;;..:::., .... -,,L...,-...- P-:1-;7:i:F:,:;:?.•:::: ''4*Vt:fi.ii,:o;-..,•ir,."-7: A\ ::.I..'::"...:.4:.:::::'iii.'.:;'';'i:C:r-i- ''''''` ..::.5.'.:-::::-:*:4.:ii'.::-;ft:/•'-:•e•:,::'...7% • -,......?",..!,.'„qi ii:' N; ' -..'.:,•:':::::•.. '..§,.. ..'*1'....-:.'...-:'..*:f•ff''';.; r:;i:-:::::":••••::.:•••-ii...:"•41q.4';'7.......::4•741;•4..:.4?iWA,.r.s .:-:.:.•1•:;•Ii.!1.1.;;::;- • .....2'4::....• 1 ' re,,-%•• '1 • •.•.64. W ,s, ,'. '''. '' • `,k.--, .: ••• -- . . • ' ' --• UNCLE \ •',7\ i'' P4', ,•, : • :,4,-,;l'. '.`7' ',l,!', .s/r.:::1?':. w• : :',,, '.'•-ls, .- t -tg, '4.)- •c s ''''' o+. ~, ' '...1. '7, - '''' - I iP-,:-•:-:::: •.. ~.p... ~..'. ~: , ..,,...A(4'..-;t:.,--. ,4?,,.. 1 • .- ,-,, , . -, . ...• ../....,,,....,,,,,Q,.... . s 41111111110, -' ' 4,"•• . i1z.,4,' .... ,t 1 - •f- ''- - 4-I.Villki -• ' . :':;."."4 ~, , '4:1•• ' '''4'4,•:':-.0i:::714.4.•i5.... • -...._ „..4 i1k0vv„,,,,,,,, . . '-.- - .. .4 , • WY DI AR YIICIS AND NEPHIIII, 0 THE GIANT'S DEFEAT. It a I A great- -

===== 0002601_19070601_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE WAS MISSING.

Two men once stopped at a French inn, and gave in charge of the landlady, who was a widow, a bag of money, telling her to give it up to neither of them, unless they were both to- gether. A little while afterwards one of the men came alone, and asked the landlady to give up the money, under the pretence that his com- panion had to make an important payment im- mediately. The widow had paid little attention to what had been said to her before, and now, forgetting all about it, gave up the bag. The rogue disappeared with it so quickly that the landlady asked herself if she had not made a mistaka the next day the other man turned up, and vnade the same request as his comrade had done,the previous day, and when the widow told him what had happened, he went into a passion, and summoned her for the loss of his money. Someone, who heard of the poor woman's plight, advised her to say that she was ready to bring forth the money on the original terms. She asked the plaintiff to produce his comrade. The argument was found plausible by the Court, and as the thief took care not to come back, his comrade had to give up his elaina. DAISY STOCKS.

SHE WAS BUSY.

A lady came down from upstairs and asked the manager of the hotel if she could get a glass of water at orce._ _ _

Why, certainly, madam," said the manager, filling up a glass from the water-cooler. Two minutes later she was back in the office again. "I don't like to trouble you." she said, "but could I get another glass of water right away V" "No trouble at all, madam," said the manager, handing her another glass. . .

===== 0002601_19070601_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
Two- Minutes liter she appeared again. This time she asked for two glasses. "Certainly, madam," said the affable manager, "but could I inquire what you are doing with so much water?" "Well," she said, "I don't want to frighten you, but my room is on fire, and, I'm trying to put it out.' Lucy MURRELL.

THE BUTTER THAT SPED THE GUESTS.

"Ma wants two pcunds of butter exactly like what you sent us last. If it ain't exactly like that she won't take it," said the small boy. The grocer turned to his numerous cus- tomers, and remarked blandly: "Some people In my businesTdon't like particular customers, but I do. It's my delight to serve them end get them what they want; I will attend to You in a moment, little boy." "Be sui. 0.,,u get me same kind," said the small boy, while the storeful of customers listened to him. "A lot of pa's relations are visiting our house, and ma doesn't want 'em to come again." PERCY BAXTER.

PAT'S BEST MAN.

' Pat was invited 0 a wedding. He arrived at the house faultlessly attired in full evening dress, a huge white chrysanthemum adorning his buttonhole. He was shown upstairs to the gentlemen's dressing-room. The guests assembled below were suddenly startled by hearing a great commotion above. Rushing into the hall to ascertain the cause, they were somewhat startled to behold Pat come tumbling head first down the stairs, cora- gdetely dishevelled. Upon the amazed host exclaiming: "Why, Pat, what is the matter?" Pat answered: • ,

"Shure and I wint upstairs, and whin I wint inter the room I seed a swell young dandy wid a white earnationarymum in hit buttonhole and kid gloves on his hands, an' I sez to 'im, 'Who's you Shure,' he sez, 'an' I'm the best Lan'; and, begorry, he is." R. I. C.

THE HAPPIEST LAND. There sat one day in quiet, By an alehouse on the Rhine, Your hale and hearty fellows, And drank the precious wine. The landlord's daughter filled their cups Around the rustic board; Then sat they all So calm and still,

_ And spake not one rude word. But when the maid departed, _ _ _

A Swabian raised his hand (Then sat they all so calm and still), And cried, all hot and flushed with wine, "Long live the Swabian land! The greatest kingdom upon earth Cannot with that compare, With all the stout and hardy men, And the nut-brown maidens there." "Ha 1" cried a Saxon, laughing, And dashed his beard with wine, "I had rather live in Lapland Than that Swabian land of thine!" The goodliest land on all this earth, It is the Saxon land!

===== 0002601_19070601_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
SOMETHING FATHER COULD NOT DO. Sometimes on a Saturday afternoon, When Father from work is free, We all of us play a glorious, game— We call it "Menagerie." Then Algernon James is a tiger bold, And a monkey is Marjorie, And Tom on the floor is a great big whale, Floundering in the sea. Then Father growls like a grizzly bear, And roars like a lion, too: Sometimes he whistles, just like a bird, Or squeals like a cockatoo. But Father didn't know what to do— tie could only sit and smile— ". When Algernon said, "Oh, Father, do Make a noise like a crocodile." MAGGIE PATRICK.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
KINDNESS.

See 1 George has a fine new hat. What has he done with his old one? I will tell you. On the day the new one came home, the rain fell very, fast, and he saw a poor boy in the street, whose clothes were torn, and the rain fell very much on his bare head. His face was wet and pale, and George saw that he was ill. So George told his friends, who gave him leave- to do what he thought best. Then George gave the poor boy his old hat and an old coat, and some bread and cheese, and his friends were glad to see that he was so kind and irnod.

LILY BOGG.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
..----4..-....__

Dear Uncle Ned,—l should so like to be one of your Nephews, as I read your Corner every week. I am sending you a bit of poetry, named, "King Arthur's Servants," and this is it: When good King Arthur first began to wear long, hanging sleeves, he entertained three starving men. And all of them were thieves. The first was an Irishman; the second was a Scot; the third was a Welshman—three merry rogues, I wot. The Irishman was burned; the Scot was drowned in ale; and the Welshman was likely to be choked by a *rat, but they pulled it out by the tail. THOMAS SIMMS.

__+___

THE NAUGHTY FINGERS

Oh, I'll tell you a story that nobody knows, Of ten little fingers and ten little toes, Of two pretty eyes and one little nose, And where they all went one day. Oh, the .little round nose smelled someihiss sweet, Something that surely was nice to eat; And patter away went two little feet, Out of the room one day. Ten little toes climbed up on a chair, Two eyes peeped over a shelf, and there Lay a lovely cake, all frosted and fair, Made by Mamma that day.

200 YEARS -A SECRET,

GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES.

For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has been kept in one Family. Its cuzative action is wonderful in all cases of WOUN DS. CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, and all SKIN TRou iILES.

It at once soothes and :Ica's. and cannot hurt the mast c•.l.:cate skin. In many cases of very long standing it.aick has ly cured. even when doctors have despaired. Free for 14 stamps. GRAN SIR COMPANY, NORWICH. -

_,.,... _ r av . 49 .e1r,..-1„..,_ . .... - .=4_ •Y,"3 ..... .„„,,.. . hesr „------ , --,,.-5,,,,,,,,,,,-,.,, 0, P , uy ,- --- _,.i,,1y , ,

===== 0002601_19070601_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19070601_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW ZEALAi'4; '

RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

s, JUNE. FROM WARRINGTON TO

Acton Bridge-7 14, 7 40, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 2.55, a 3 35, 5 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sunday, 10 15 a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 530, 7 5, 8 35, 9 58, 11 42, bll 55, A.M. 1 50, 4 39, a 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 60, .p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b !Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W. Talbot-aoad)--5 30, 78, 8 35, 9 58. 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 1.30, 4 39, 6 25, 7 20, 8 37, 98, p.m. Sundays S 43, a.r. 6 0 p.m. b Saturdays only. Chester-7.34, 8 17, 9 5, 10 23, 11 30 a.m. 12 30, 140, 1 56,2 $0 3 19, 4 22, 5 6,6 4,754,8 5,10 20, 11 35 p.m. Sundays- 8 44, a.m. 7 45 11 35 p.m. Collins Green 7 5. 85, 8 25, 11;10, 10 55 a.m. 12 25, 2 45, 3 45, 5 Is, 6 37, 7 8, 7.40, 9 25, 10 30 v.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 31, 9 sa.m. 12 30, 230,3 19, 56, 64, 11 5, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill-7 36, 9 5 a.m. 1230, 230, 3.19, '6 4, 744 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 75' 8 .5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 14,10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1.2 25, 1 15, 2 45,3 45,3 50, .5 15, 6 37, '7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 746, 8 35, 843 a.m. 5 10,6 0, 7 57, 9 54 p.m. Fiddlefs' Ferry and Penketh-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 80, 10 0 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 34, 95, 10 -23 10 30, a.m. 12 30 2 30, 3 19,4 22, 5 6, 6 4,7 54,8 5, 10 20,a11 35 p.m.Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golborne-5 30, 75,8 5, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 3 50, 5 15, 7 .20, 10 21 pa.. Sundays 843 a.m. 60 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 56, 64, 744, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam,Cadisbead-7.0, 7508 8. 9 3 a.m. 22, 4 58, 710, 9 15, all 50 p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 18, 11 3.2 a.m. 3 15, 5 0,7 18,9 35 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55. 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 20, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, a 8 30, 9 25 p.m. Sseedays 6 30,8 46 a.m.3 5,8 10 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturday only. • Liverpool(C.L.C.)-a4 40,5 35,7 5,755,8 2,8 50,9 5, 9 50,10 30, 10 50. 11;50 am. 12 0,12 50,1 10, bl 13,1 50, 27, 2 50, 3 13, 3 50;1 56, 45, 4 10, 4 50, 5 50, 5 57, ' 6 50, 75, 7 50, 80, .8 50, 8 55, 9.40, 10 4, 10 40, blO 42, bll 10, 11 30, 11 39 p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, a Saturdays excepted. Sundays 4 40, 5 SE, 9 0,9 45 9 55,11 20 a.m. 2 20, 2 39,4 46, 6 0, 7 10;8 23, 9 10.0 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, a 5 25, 7 11, 7 27, 8 23, 8 25, 9 19, 10!2, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 12 25, 1 55, 245, 320, 345, 347, 515, 617,78, 740, 80, 9 25, blO 0, 10 30, bll 30 p.m. a Mondays only. ls Saturdays only. Sundays, 4 51, 5 30, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2,40,3 28, VlO, 60. 80, 954 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 717, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 P.m. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610. 723, as 30, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bll 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and 1.-W)-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 56,- 530, a 7 5, 83, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 12 18, 1 15,•fei, 41,2 45, 3 31, 3 50,4 26, 5 15, 5 53, 6 33, 7 20, 8 6, 9 22, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 55, 4 56,7 46 a.m. "5 15 6 0, 7 57, p.m. ft Mondaysonly Manchester (C.1:.C.)-6 55, 7 57, 8,8, 8 55, 93, 955, 10 55, 1122, 11 55 a.m. 12 55. 155, 2 65, 3 55, 4 55,4 58, 5 55, 655 7 10, 7 55, 8 35, 8 *5, 9 15, 9 755, blO 2, bil 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays I only. Sundays 8 45, • 9 37, 10 18, 11 32 a.m so, 3 15, 4 56, 50, 7 18, 855, 9 15,9 25, 10 5.p.m. Moore-'7 40. 8 10, 10 20, a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 1 55, a 3 35, 5 50, 15`25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 55, b 4 45,5 30, 7 5,8 5,8 3* 9 19,9 25,10 10.10 40.10 55, 11 55. a.m. 12 18,12 25, 1 15, 1 50,2 45;'3 31. 3 50, 4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 22, 10 23, 1030, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 7 46, 2 43, a.m. 3 '35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Mondays only. Padgate-7 0;7 12, 7 45, 8 8, 8 35, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 12 16, 17K1, '3 55 4 53, 5 Ss, 7 I&.S 35_ 915 10 10, 11.50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0;9 25 p.m. Rutworn-7 39, 8 23, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 21, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0,10 0 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 62,95,10 0, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, 10. al 8, 2 15, 3 23,4, 10, 5 28, 6 26, 75,8 0. 90, blO 0, alo 42, 1130 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 20 a.m. 1 39, 97. p.m.. 018 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. SankAr Ttridgoa-7 20, 3 22, 943, 11 63 aan. I 33, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 17, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. St. Helens (L. Sc N.-W.)-7.5, 8.25, 10.10, 1055, 11.53, a.m. 12.1-5, 1.55,2.43, 3.20,3.45, 5.15, 6.17, 7.8, 7.40, 8.0, 9.25, 39.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 1.35, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays only. Southport C.L.C.-7.5. 8 35, a 9.36. 10.25, 11.2, a.m.1.27, 3.18, 410,5 3,b6.20,1 26, 7.90, 8 0, 0.15,10.15, p.m. Sundays, 9.35 am. 2.0,9.7. p.m. aMondays, Wednesdays, wad Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Thelwall-6 15,7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55. 10 53, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 220, 335, 49, 515, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan (L. and W.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 5 835 9 58, 10 55, 11 42 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 1.50, 3 50, 4 46, 5 15, 6 28, 7 20, 837, 96, 10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 3 35, 6 0, 9 54 p.m. Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 5, 95, 10 9, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, al 0, bl 13, 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 525, 6 26, 7 5, 8 0, 0 0, alO o,blo 37 p.m. a Saturdays excentsd, h Saturdays only. Sundays 90,:9 35 a.m. 2 39, 918 p.m.

THE SETTLER'S IDEAL HOME

Arrangements have been made with the Shaw, Savill & Albion Co., The New Zealand Shipping Co., and the Federal Steam Navigation Co., for lECEEPILTICED FiLiztES for 2nd and 3rd Class Passages. At the -Int time reduced rate passages are limited to Farmers, ultural Labourers, Shepherds, Wo6a Cutters ar %hie to milk cows and manage live stock, who niiust take .225 with them. Domestic (Wor will, granted passages at the reduced eaking with them not less than M. and further information apply tc Zealand, 13, Victoria Si rnited Kingdom

11 33 11 50, a.m. 12 30, 12 50, 1 0, 1 30, 1 45, 2 30, 2 40,2 43, 4 0, 4 30, 4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 6 35, 7 30, 735, 8 30, 8 36, 8 40, 9 30, blO 50, 11 0, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays arid Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 90, 10 55, 11 15 a.m.2 30, 3 20, 40, 4 30, 6 15,6 30, B'3o, 9 35, p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-a2 35,5 50,6 10,8 10,8 35, 95, 9 30, 9 55, 11 0 a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 2 45, 30, 3 35, 4 20, 4 50, 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 825 8 30, 90, blO 5, 10 45, bll 15 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 35,9 20 a.m.2 10, 6 30,7 15,10 45 p.m. Lymm-7 48,8 32,9 14, 9 54,11 3 a.m. 1 11, al 37, 2 5,2 50, 3 30, 4 18, b 5 31, 5 59, 6 41, 7 31, 9 43, 11 33 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Sundays 8 15 a.m. 2 25, 715 p.m. Manchester (Okintral)-5 55, 6 30, 7 30, 8 30,a9 5, 9 30, 9 33, 10 5, 10 30;10 35, 11 30 ..m. 12 30, 12 50, 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 3 45, 4 30, 4 35' 5 30. 60, 6 30, 6 35, 7 10, 7 30, 830, 835, 9 20, 10 20, alO5O, 11 0 pan. a Saturdays only. Sundass 8 30, 9 5, 9 30, 10 SO a.m. 1 40, 2 0,2 5, 5 40, 6 35' 8 30, 940 p.m. Manchester (London Road.)-7 5,7 50,9 20, 10.25, a.m. 12 30, bl 5, 2 0,2 55, 3 40, a5O, 5 20, 6 5-, 6 55, 95, 11 0, p.m. Sundays 7 30. a.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. b Saturdays only. Moore-6 56, 96,11 9 a.m. 12 32, a 3 1, 48, I z 4, 733 p.m. Sundays BIS a.m. 4 58p.m, a Wedaes- days and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 20, 8 42, 97, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 11 8 a.m. 12 35, al 5, al2B, 144, 37, 4 48, 5 5, 5 38, 549,627,730,85, 931, 103, 114, all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3 40, 7 20, 11 7 pm. a Saturdays only. Padgate-6 30, 6 58, 7 55, 8 29,9 0, 10 3 a.m. 1 20, 2 0„ 5.5, 6 18, 7 5, 96, 10 25, 11 32 p.m t Sundays 8 52,1 l 14 a.m. 2 33,9 12, 10 14, 10 20 p.m. Runcorn-5 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 24, 14, 3 7, 4 +lO, 5 41, 6 30, 8 10, 10 10 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 7 50,8 27, 9 30,10 16, 10 55 a.m.12 36 .1 40, 2 35, 3 43, 4 35, 5 26,5 36, 623, 7 25, 8 28, 9 32,11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m. 48, 8 54, _ _

Southport-8 0, 95, 10 15, 10 40, 12 25, 1 30, 2 45, 4 5, 4 10, 5 25,7 15,3 5,a9 5,10 o.Sundays 9 0,20, 750, a Saturdays only.

"fh-a-v-ia-11---77-ril, 8 36, 8 18, 9 58, 11 7 a .rn . 1 15, al 41, 2 9, 2 55, 3 34, 4 22 b 5, 35, 6 3, 6 45, 7 35,9 47, 11 28 p.m. Sundays, 8 19 a.m. 2 59, 719 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Wigan (1.. and N.-W.)-a2 39, b 3 10, 6 33, 8 15, 9 17,9 54, 10 0, 11 38 a.m. 12 5, 1 26, 2 30, 3 27, 4 20,4 56, 520 6 55, 75. 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 39, 930 a.m. 3 25, 6 55, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only.

, - \L-(-- \.•- _.......• ON, 4.11k4A4'. prese. jorp.'s-' ~ • , Agricu, men al ..,.., lir - , - ; approve ,ta, . Servants wi, be 1 •-:•-- - = subject to their ti --- • ''' -1-.,r; %,7-., .......-÷•:•-•7:'":- application forms i , • ' -,;,- ir •'-'" ..',..--, High Commissioner for I,.Tew / ' ''. •-• r -4-....; ,'_,• ,' Londaa, or 'the Agents in the U r, wt.-; ',,.• 1, • :•••••..,:i• .•. -. , -, .

I k , ‘‘, „,-,4 • viv cia 10, if en) rates ; I A. For , to the Areet, • ' of the

===== 0002601_19070601_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

Acton Bridge-0 L 42.7 40, 8 54, 10 57 m. 12 19, a 2 49, 3 55, 4 41, 7 26, 8 28. Sundays 759 am. Wednesdays mut Sftturdass only._

Blackpool (L & 5-6: 8 25, u 55, to '22 al 10,12 45,a.m. al 30,2:5, 3 8, 5 30, 6 43, 8 25, c 9 10, t,128 40, 10 5. p.m. Sundays-7 5 a.m. 1 15, 4 55, 3 43, p.m. a Wednes;lays anclSaturdays only. b Saturdays only. c Thursdays cmiy. Blachpool (L. & N.-W. Talbot lload)-7 8, 8 40, C 47, 11 25 a.m. 1 40,2 25, 3 28, 5 20, 7 0, 8 -45, 100,1030 p.m. Sundays 7 25 a.m. 1 37,5 8, 7 30 p.m. Chester-2 25, 04 26, 7 23,-8 43, 9 40, 10 12. 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 2 0, 2 10, 30. 3 50, 5 18, 5 23,6 30; 7135,8 10, 8 50 p.raOluidays'2...2s, 4 20, 6 30 nan.6 55, b Mondays excepted. Collins orePn-6 40, 7 9, .F. 15. 10 21, 11 23 a.m. 123, 2 10, 3 5, 4 1, 5 38, 6 n,7 47, .0 6, alO 43, 10 58 p.m. Sundays 810 a.m. 7 115 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. . Daresbury--S 11, 10 17,11 18 a.m.2 49,-6 2,7 11,3 43 p.m. Sundays 726 a.m. 747 p.m. - Dunham Hill- 739, 952, 102 a.m. .2.22, 35, 6 47, 6.22 p.m. Sundays 643 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Earlestoycn-,-7 2, 7 13, 8 47, 8:;0..9 1-3. 0 45, 10 26, 1036, 11 26 a.m. 12 33,1. 14, 23, :3.27. 5 10, 5 43, 5 52, 6t5, 7 43, 88, 0 10, 9 34, 10 47, all 1, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays' 8.33, 9 53, G 57, 10 S a.m. 3 45, 7 24, 10 2 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-4 9, 8 53..9 12, 10 45 SM. 12 3, al2 57, 24, 3 27, 54, 62, 6 53, 9 14 p.m. 'Sundays 81.2 a.m. 2 57,3 2 p.m. a Satutdays only. Frodsham-7 53, 90, 10 1, 11 1, n.m.- 231, 4'J, :6.44, 6 56, 8/11, p.m. Sanday.7 2, a.m. 7 241 p.m. Golborne-6 44, 8 26, 10 12.a.m. '.2 17., 241, 431, 4. 30, 7 15, 8421, .10 42. a.m. Sundays 9e9 a.m. '7 5 p.m. Helsby-7 46, 8 56, 957. 10 57, an. 2 27, 47, 40, 6 54, 827, p.m: Suncla 6 53, nifi. 718, p.m. Irlam and Cacliphead -6 19, 6 48, 7 33, -0 53, a.m. 17, 4 54, 6 51, 8:14, 11 20, p.m. Sondays 921, 11 0, u.m. 1 20, 2 22.6 55, 8 SA, 10 0 p.m. Latchford-7 55, 8 40, 9 22, 10 2,11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45, 2 13. 30, 338, 426, 0539. 67, 6.19, 73, 9 52, cll 41 p.m.. a Saturdays only. h Saturdays excepted. c Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.-5 10, 630. 7 30, 7 40, 820, 830, 840, 920. 930, 933, 10 30, 11 5, 11 30,

===== 0002601_19070601_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
GRIC KET.

West Lancashire League. ST. HELENS RECS. V. EARLESTO.WN.—At Helmet, Scar—

EARLSESTOWN. ST. ITELINS RECS. 47. Crawley o Southward Gregory o Warburton b b Kerr .. 54 Alderson F.E TiuishoShaw bParry 50 R. Harper o Warburton W kr Crowther c Harper b Akerson ... 14 b Kerr iG. filarsh o and U Kerr 42 Bates IF.. Valentine c Shaw b G. Parry at Leigh b i Gregory I H. Warburton o Grey b W. Shaw o Alderson b i Gregory iG. B. Leigh not 0ut...... 4 W. Slocombe c Marsh 'J. 'Broster o Parry b b BA-es i t Gregory IA. 'Wolfe did not bat T. Cunliffe at Leigh b _

.11.4) lderson R. Rates

Bates W. Southward b Bates J. E. Walker c Wolfe b Bates W. Gay b Aldersan ... 1 Extras ._ 9

tras

Total (7 wkts)*2oo *lnnings declared.

Total ............ 76

! „ PaRSCOT. v. STINLEY.—At Prescot. For Peescot, !Sharp took seven wickets for 21. reins. Score:—

i PRESCOT. STANLIT. i 3. Pi.°Preston o Hoyle b Smythe h 5harp.......... 5 22 ionze, b Sharp .- 5 i W.,e,e,hton b Alsop 3 T. M. Walsh b S ...hoftri... 3 13. B.,Seesley b Moore i Sharp b Stott 65 W Stott b Sharp :P. C.. Mercer b Parry ll R. Lightfoot b Sharp 14 G. A: Prescott b Stott 4 E. Hoyle c Soplrt.co b J. Evans c Stnythe b Sharp 0 I Moore !J. Whitfield b Moore 4 F. Parry c Sham b , _.. .._ . :- .

T. See,clou not out Li. Stock. ley b Moote 4 J. G. Taylor not out:.. 0 W. L. Holden lbw b A. Aisop b Bolden.— 0 Morxe Extras ........ 3

0 Extras

Total 129

Total —.... 55

• SECOND DIVISION. STAtITIMY 2ND V. PRESCOT 2D.—At S Wan' Saturday. Score :—Prescot 121 ; Stanley 45.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
- WA,ERINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

TABLE TO DATE.

!Orfard ratracks I St. James' Bewsey Wesleyaus Guardian .otlice Wilderspeol Brewery Cheshire I.l.nes Castle Rnhber ..... Walker's Brewery

P. W. L. D. Pts. 4 ... 3... 0... 1 3... 3... 0... 0... 6 4... 2 ... 1... 1 ... 5 3... 2... 1... 0... 4 2... 1... L 0... 2 4... 1 ... 5... 0... 3... 0 ... 3 ... A .... AO 3... 0 ... 3..: 0... 0

===== 0002601_19070601_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Sr. JAXEC'.V. CHESHIRE LIE:i ENGINEERS.—PIayed at Arpley on Saturday. Scores :

clutsinur, ES ENGINEERS.

J. Bcckwort.ll c Green b

Holt.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. JAMES'S

Mihards h Monks.:. 4

15 F

A. C. Tole b MoSay

H. Brown c Hackney b C. Holt :uu out .1 Hoit

S. Howard b Holt 4 Chamberlain h Nfordc 5 J.MoaksclaghtbHoit 4 P.Knight lbw b.lcii:ay 10 C. Riley b Kght ll J. 14'. Poster b G. G. Chamberlain b Green l Charnberlain .. 7 H. W. Hill b Holt

.T. McKay b Green W. Chamberlain .b Holt 3 W. Grounds b G E. Daeley not out S. Heckle b Green _Cartwright b G.

Total.

Chamberiiiin .3 H. Booth not out A Green b McKay Extras

Total ...... ... Gt

CASTLE RUB3ER GUARDIAN OFFICE —Played Ou the gron,nd of the former on Saturi-ty. Scores:—

G GARMAN. OFFtcs. R URGE C. Burrell c and") Poole ti J. Foster bt Divies b C. Gelderd ruu 0ut...... '1 Burrell 0

J. Woodhead st Turner

b Poole

Burrell

4 W. lieu b 0. Wood-

J. Newton c Newton h head b Poole W. Poole c Newton b

W. Fall st Turner b C. Woodbend Poole l7 U. Turner lbw b C.

W. li".linberley b 8e11...—. 6 Woodheari 8 C. Woodhead b Eaton ... T J. Woods b Burrell E. Milnes not out P. CliVt; b Bell ".,.. 0 head G. Davies did not bat ... 0 G. Box lbw b Burrell 1 C. Jones c Foster la Bell 0 E. Burke b Burrell 0 J. Gorst not out A. Newton b C. Wood- -14 Extras

Total 42

Total

011 FORD BA.RRACKS v. 13E:WSEV WESLEVANS. —Thi match was played on the Barracks ground, was very exciting throughout, and ended in a draw. For the Weslevans Jolley carried out his bat with a meritorious 45, and Dale bowled splendidly, 5 wickets for 24 runs belny! an excellent performance on the Barracks asphalt pitch. Scores :

ORFORD BARRACKS. BF.WSEY WESLEYANS Price c Willett b Jolley 7 :Jolley not out 45 B. Day bCraddock ...... 0 Alillett lbw Gleeson Johnson b Isherwood ... 21 Callon c Sweeney %%lite lbw Dale Knight b Isherwood l5 Crade.ock b Harford ... 5 Milward c Jolley b Dale 1 Craddock c and b Payton not out Harlon' b Dale Gleeson b Dale P. Day b Millett 0 raylor b Price 1 Sweeney c Taylor b Bate 3 Noble b Price Dale b Gleeson Chilton c White b Knight Clare C Day b Knight 5 Extras Total B7

===== 0002601_19070601_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
W

titir

.7.7 r

===== 0002601_19070601_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Extri. s

Total

===== 0002601_19070601_art0099.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
AMObautifftS2=

===== 0002601_19070601_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 1, 1907.

I Friendly Matches. • LIBERALS V. CONSERVATIVES.—The first of the home and home fixtures between the Liberals and Conserva- I PENKETH V. MOORE AND DIRESBURY.—PIayed at tives took place at the latter's club, Sankey-street, on Penketh on Saturday. Score : , Saturday. PENKETFI. MOORE AND DARESBURY. LIBERALS. S. D. CONSERVATIVE S. D. F. Ward c Smith bH. S. Taylor c Shoobridge W. Hewitt 4}l3 RH. Sewell • Taylor H. Davies c S. Taylor b A. Dutton b Ward 3 E. A. Sanders W , H. ray lor 1 Rev.T. Lee Jones not out 39 A. Greenhalgh ill 13 P. Bradburn 110 . Stevens c H.Taylor b J. Smith b Stevens BF. J. Mitchell • Dutton M. Brown c Smith bH. H. Brough b Davies ... OJ. Parr 7 1 13 1 Taylor .. 2 C.Kitchenman b Brown 9J. Graham ; F'. Davies bH. Taylor ... 10 R.Gandy c and b Ward 12 J. W. Plinston lll ,W. Millington 5l 13 F. Ireland c Kitchenman C. Kilshaw c& b Ward 2 W.Daintith 101 " G. Watmough „A.. 11 1 b Dutton W. Patrick ,T. Shoobridge bH. D. M. James run out... 0 8 J. Wells ll113 ' Taylor 4 0 F. Dale 11 E. Forster c S. Taylor b T. Morrell i H. Taylor 0 W Taylor 7} 13 J. Billinge , F. Davies not out B. Boardman b Dutton... 0 J. Randles ll 11 SI J Gittens 6l. 3 f 2 R. Houghton run out 0 T. Locker ii) " J. Watts Extras 1 . 7 A. H. Sanders 4l g G. Rotherham G. H. Shaw lll " J. Baxter 6l " Total WARRIWCITO.N 2ND V. WALKER'S BREWERY.—SCOre :-- ! WALKER'S BREWERY. WA RRINGTON. J. Darton b Callon 0 W. Richardson lbw b J.Dargan b Callon 1 Dargan G. Pearson c Richardson R. G. Pierpoint lbw b Plinston A. Holland c Houghton T. Wright b Dargan b Callon W. Baird lbw b Plinston 0 b Norman ll J. Caine b Callon H. Cook b Callon l2 A. Thewlis b Holland 38 W. Ashton b Plinston 3 A.Duckworth c Holland W.Normau stDuckworth b Dargan b Callon 3. Malloy b Plinston T. Titchard not out 0 D. Plinston not out ... 8 E. Pierpoint b Norman 7 Extras 5

Extras

163 102 Conservatives Liberals

190 9t3

S Conservative majority ...

i .. 11. 1 11 7_ i

Extras

. 5

Total 32 Total ......120 GRA.PPENFIALL V. CROSFTELD'S. —Played at Grappen- hall. Scores : GRA PPESHA_Lt. CROSPIELD'S. James Burrows bPercival 2 E. W. Warren b Carter 1 R. Ellis c Atherton b T. Whitfield b Warbur- Whitfield J. Warburtart o Williams T. Athorton.b Warbur- b Dickenson 4 ton 0 F. Williams c and b O.Dickensonb Watson 7

Percival E. Banks b Percival H. Carter c Podmore b Watson 0

Dickenson A. Fletcher c Atherton -6 Warburton W. Carter b Atherton ... 21 O. Podmore run out W. Watson b Whitfield... 0 J.Williams b Watson 2 John Burrows not out ... 0 F. Hardman at Ellis b P. Kirkham b Atherton Warburton H. Newill o llis b Warburton Extras

Total T 6

Total 3B

SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. WIDNES WHITE ROSE.— Played on Sankey Wire Mills ground on Saturday. Scores :

WHITS ROSE. WIRE MILLS. i. Wilcock c Bailey tb J L Hawthorn b Sadler 2 Jakeman

T. Hill b Gleave ......0 Hewitt T. Sadler b G1eave....... 6 B. Whitfield b Sadler 5 T. Hewitt b Gleave ...... 2 H Hawthorn o Wilcock J. Davies c J. Hawthorn b Sadler 6 b Gleave Wm: Owen c Brough b T. Whitfield b Johnson 10

Gleave - .. 5 A. Gleave o Johnson b F. Gleave b Gleuve R. Johnson b Gleave ... 0 H. Brough not out- 7 H. Barber b Brough W. Hague b Gleave - 7 H. Hewitt not out. ..6 G. Halliwell not out 1 P. O. Bailey did not bat. Extras

Total 5l Total (for 8 wide)... 71 SANKEY WILLS 2ND-v. WIONNS WHITE Rose 25n).— At Widnes. Score :

WIRE MILLS. WHITE ROSE. S. Edgar c Harrison b W. Harrison b Bladen 2 Warne _ . . 0 H Corrin b Waywell 5 _H. ___ _

G. Parr c Harrison b S. Welling b Waiwell 4 Welling 1 J. Stanley c Hawthorn P. Bladen b VVarne 0 b Bladen

C. Hawthorn b Warne.. 8 J. Murty lbw b Way- W. Gorst run out J. Waywell b Warne 2 E. Forshaw c Parr b H. Partridge b Wilcock C Blaeen R Owen run out A. Pearce run out J. Grooms not out 1 T. Warne a Hawthorn R. Brooks b Warne E. Boyle b Bladen 0 F. Crane c Partridge b Bladen Extras ... ..

Total ..... 43 Total 2l SANKEY V. ARPLEY ATHLETIC.—PIayed at Pecketh o. Satiircifty. Score - .aatPLB, S. Bingham b Turton.— 5 T. Bibby c Booth b W. Booth b Turton 3 Millington J. Bradburn b Turton.... 3 A. Ainsworth run out 0 E. Forster b Finch. ...... 3 P. Barber bB. Forster 0 A. Webb c Unsworth b A. Turton c Payne b Finch 5 Millington B. Forster b Turton 0 E. Finch c Bradburn b R. Millington c and b B. Forster l3 Finch 4 J. Snelling cE. Foster H. Payne b Finch .... . . 3 b Millington W. Webb run out ....—.. 1 H. Holbrook cA. Webb W. Williams not 0ut...... 9 bB. Forster 0 W. Deakin c Bibb b W. Wilson run out 0 Turton S. Brimelow not out... 0 A. Taylor bB. Forster 0 E xtras

Total ......... 44 Total 23 ORrORD JUNIORS 47. HOLY TRINITY.—PIayed at Arpley on Saturday. Score :

ORFORD. HOLY TRINITY. Bennett bH. Harding ... 1 H. Harding run out 3 Sandy c and b Horrobin 5 Hounstone c Sandy b Lawton bH. Harding , 7 Lawton 0 Woodhouse c and bHI Worthington o Sandy Harding l9 b Woolley ll Joll.y c Whittaker b Horrobin c Sandy b Horrobin

Sanders bH. Harding ... 0 Deakin run out Woolley b Horrobin 5 Plinston b Sandy Stanley c and b Horrobia 3 Stringer b Sandy Wallington c and b Foulkes c Stanley b Horrobin _ ___ _ _ •". _ . . _ __

Parsonage c Worthington Davies b Woolley 0 bH. Harding irledaish not out 1 house b W0011ey...... 2 Whittaker not out 0 Extras

Total

Total 2B

===== 0002601_19070601_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

WORKS COMPETITION. FIRST ROUND.-

CtSTLE RT7DBER CO. THWLIS AND GRIFFITHS. J. Eateh D. Appleton 3 1. Dagnan, jun. E. Scott H. Fairbrother A. E. Burdett G. H. Dart on R. Rae W. Wright P. Green A. Field

J. Waring l5 J. Ford T. O'Brien (capt).

129 Majority for Thewlis and Griffiths, 11.

FLETCHER'S NO. 1. CROSFIELD'S NO. 1. W. Randles (captain) H J. Barton l5 J. Winstanley l5 J Rudge J. Woden 3 A. Middleton E. Shaw D. Richardson l5l ,S. Adams J. Broadhurst 7 ' 'A Broadhurst F. Heesom H. Daintith 5 A. Webb l5 T. Bridge 8 J. Hill J. Woods 9 .1. Middleton (captain) 15 E. Bailey J. W. Evans l5 T. Edgington

126 Majority for Croatiald's No. 1, 32.

ItYLA.NDS NO. 2. MONKS, HELL NO. 1. H. Haslam l5 J. Deakin (captain) ... 14 C. Taylor l4 R. Bennett l5 C. Glover

it. Smith

T. Baker S. Sheldon

- , 11. Newton R. Savory (captain) 9 S. Deakin l5 H. France 4 W. Hatton T. Taylor l2 A. Worrall l5 J. Bowden C. Holden

Total Majority for Monks, Hall No. 1, 53. MATCHES FOR SATURDAY. Crosfields No. 2 v. Monks, Ball's No. 3. Bifurcated Rivet Company v. Monks, Halls No. 2. Sankey Wire Mills v. Forshaw and Sons. Referee, Mr. W. Patrick.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE NOTES AND'NEWS.

IS THERE WATER ON THE MOON?

Some striking photographs made by Pro- fessor W. H. Pickering ,of the volcanoes in the, Hawaiian Islands serve to point out cer- tain characteristics which they have in common with the craters on the moon, says the Scientific American. One photograph of a long crack, extending some miles, in the lava crust, at 'Hawaii serves to .emphasise Professor Pickering's belief that water, or water vapour exists on the moon, and by irrigating cracks on the moon's surface gives rise to vegetation in them, just as trees and, shrubs have sprung up in the *Hawaiian lava crack. In studying Erasto- thenes in 1904, :_Professor Pickering found its interior seamed with numerous fine cracks. Watching some of these cracks soon after the sun arose on them he was able to see them broaden out and change gradually into canals. It is his belief that the cracks gave out water vapour, which fertilised the vegetation along their sides and in their neighbourhood,. and that it was the growth of this vegetation which produced the ap- pearance of a canal. A further inference is that the chnals on Mars, which become znore clearly visible at seme periods of the year, owing to the melting of the Martian polar ice cap and the flooding of the waterways, are similar cracks on the surface of Mars. Cracks of the kind occur oia the moon. The largest of them is that known as Sirsalis, which is 400 Miles in length.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RED MOON.

We all, know the astronomical charac- teristics of the "blue moon," but a good deal of uncertainty exists as to the signifi- cance and atmospheric influence of the "red moon." To rustics it is a synonym for the bad weather of early cpring, and as there is a vast amount of empiric experience em- bodied in these folk proverbs, it would be in- teresting if some astronomer would kindly tell u.s just how much or how little there really is of scientific basis for the bucolic antipathies against the "red moon." _ If our satellite, like the dog with a bad name, could be hanged, the moon at its " red " phase of the spring would have been hanged ages ago. For the peasant, the ex- pression red moon" signifies that cold snap with its attendant chills, miseries, and depressions, which usually follows rudely and suddenly upon the first few balmy days of mild spring weather.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
EVAPORATION OF METALS.

Experiments carried out by Zengheli, and othrrs, have shewn that evaporation takes place from 'the surface of solid metals and their compounds without the aid of heat. An interesting method of proving this consists in suspending a piece of chemically pure silver over the metal in an air-tight vessel. The evaporated metal is taken up awl re- tained by the silver. After an experiment with zinc, for example, says the Glob!, analysis shewed 2 per cent. of this metal in the silver. In most cases, however, the silver .is simnly weighed, and the increase in weight shews. tlic amount of metallic vapour absorbed. Abkmption uf alkali metals is proved by flame tests, and of copper iron by colour reactions. In the case of sulphides the action on the silver indi- cates that the metal and the sulphur are separated in evaporation. The metals pro- bably form an alloy with the silver. It is thought by some that there is a connection between such evaporation of metals and their effect on photographic plates. The photographic effect may, in fact, be du c to the particles of the metals which are stream- ing off. Streintz suggests that the evapora- tion is due to what is known as electrolytic pressure. Positive ions, that is, atoms or molecules with a charge of positive elec- tricity, are given off. These affect the photographic plate, ionise the air—that is, electrify its particles---and leave the metal negatively electrified. Thus the phenomena of evaporation of solid metals, power of effecting the photographic plate, and radio- activity seem closely connected, and are common to many metals and their compounds.

WHEN THE EARTH WILL BE FULL. Professor Ravenstein . has estimated that the fertile lands of the globe amount to 28,000,000 square miles, the steppes to 14,000,000, and the deserts to 1,000,000. Fix- ing 207 persons to the square mile for fertile lands, 10 for steppes, and 1 for deserts as the greatest population that the earth could properly nourish, the professor arrives at the conclusion that when the number of inhabi- tants reaches about 6,000,000,000, the earth will be peopled to its full capacity. At pre- sent, says the New York Tribune, it contains somewhat more than one-quarter of that number. If the rate of increase shewn by the latest census statistics should be uni- formly maintained, Professor Ravenstein shews that the globe would be fully peopled about the year 2072.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
WONDERS OF A WATCH.

A watch is the smallest, most delicate machine that was ever constructed of the same number of parts. About 175 different pieces of material enter into its' cconstruc- tion, and upwards of 2,400 separate opera- tions _are . _comprised. :a its manufacture. When considered in the aggregate, some of the facts connected with its. pedoi.upeca.._ appear incredible. A blacksmith • strikes several thousand blows on his anvil in a day, but the roller jewel of a watch makes every clay, and day after day, 432,000 im- pacts against the fork. However, the marvel does not stop.. here. it has been estimated that one horse-power would suffice to run 270,000,000 watches.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
COLOURED GLASS FOR PLANTS.

One of the devices proposed by an expert of the United States Department of Agricul- ture for improving the growth of plants and fruits is that of placing them under coloured glass, the idea being that light of particular hues is especially favourable to vegetation. The expert referred to has ex- perimented with strawberry plants grown in hothouses -under glass of different colours. His conclusions are interesting. Orange. coloured glass, he says, caused the plants to grow More vigorously, but at the expense of the berries, which were both smaller and later in developing than when the plants were grown under ordinary conditions. Under violet - coloured glass the plants yielded a great quantity of fruit, but it was slow in ripening, small, and of inferior quality. Red, blue, and green glass all proved ininrinhis to the _growth of the plants. The finest berries, . and those which ripened earliest, were grown under plain white glass. It would appear, then, from these experiments that light of different, colours does have differ-mt effect upon vege- tation, as has been claimed; but that, as far as strawberries are concerned, all th% colours that sunlight possesses, when united in ordinary daylight, are more effective in the production...of good fruit than any single colour. Of course, it is not the colour itself, but the character of the light which gives the— colour. that nroduee.% the ef.r.:ct.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0107.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MMI=ItNikbiNMA

===== 0002601_19070601_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY,!'

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOTCOMPANY.

NATIONALTE LEPHONE W 2924 c

R.LD REA' OW Itt je, F0rf2..2

BOWLING GREENS.

TA. . ~.o,

te4 \ V 1! NED \NCHESTER

===== 0002601_19070601_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
A

"FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE."

===== 0002601_19070601_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
CHEERING _* INFLUENCES I m 1.. VA P U R E • NIRCTOrj . • • , , • Lc L••••_. •, •' rC.=l-5 • • • Eollolllll2oli • • Ce cr. E.ss *.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
FLANNELETTE.

If purchasers of this useful material for underwear all the year round would buy the best English make, which can be obtained from all leading Drapers, they would avoid the rtisKs they undoubtedly run with the inferior qualities of Flannelette.

HORROCKSES' FLANNELETTES.

made by the manufacturers of the celebrated

hongcloths, Twills and Sheeting,- 7;KnE THE BEST.

" HORROCKSES , 7 Stamped on selvedge every 5 yards.

£5 WEEKLY You can earn this as an 1 Electrical Hugineer. We train you by Lost in your spare time for Electrical or Mechanical Engineering, Electric Light and Power, Motor Car and Tramway work. Free bo3k from ELECTRICAL ENGINEER horriTuTz, 413. Norwich Houae, Southampton Street, Hobnrne, London.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGLISH LEVERS.

WHYbuy foreign watehes when you can have the beet English workmanship at practically the same prices. ENGLIELI LEVERS.—SoIid rearked. Ladles' or Gents' size, 35e. re: cash, Keyless or Keywind. Why pay SO.. *41,1 or 603. for credit. Lifet.ltne's Guarantee. THE WATCH COMPANY, 22. WILBERFoRCE ROAD, LEICESTIM.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
RING UP

TELEPHONE No. 355 Y,

PRINTING. OF EVERY DESCRIPTION JOHN WALKER & CO., PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. LITHOGRAPHERS. Are replete w;th .11 Machinery. Tyro., the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pattern, on blue, white, or fancy paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

CIRCLARS in the neatest style, from modern typel and of the best workmanship.

pROGRAMMES for Entertainments, Concerts ac., in the latest artistic style.

QPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION ko WORKS.

SICK, REQEIPT, and SUBSCRIPI lON BOORS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

HANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

_ HTMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, services of Bong, Festivals, /to.

CATALOGUES for Public and Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradosnien.

pRicE LIM'S Printed on card or paper Inns trate& if required.

JOHN -WALKER & CO.'

CONTRIBUTION CARDS NOTICES OF MEETINGS RAFFLE TICKETS ENVELOPES

BALANCE SHEETS POSTERS DRAWING TICKETS POST CARDS CRICKET FIXTURES. EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTIN G

AGRicULT URAL AND FLoRAtL SCHEDULES AND CATALOGUES. CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES, rdyo,l INVOICES, PRICE LISTS, w I CIRCuLARS, PAMPHLETS, TIME Books, MILL WORK, CATALOGUES, CLUB RULES, PROGRAMMES, BALANCE SHEETS,

EXECUTED AT SHORT NoTTCES.

POSTERS OF' ALL SIZES

SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS.

Attention is Invited to our NisW FOUNTS OF TYPE? and WOOD LBTTRR for Large Posters. FOR ALL RINDS OF BRAT POSTERS EXTRA LANGE SIZR, 40 x 60 One Sheet. WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS IN THE DISTRICT.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING

ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING •

JOHN WALKER AND eo "EXAMINER" OFFICE. BEwszy STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.• , .

===== 0002601_19070601_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
7=l" , • •

===== 0002601_19070601_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19070601_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor -a: a guarantee of good faith.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
The Churches and Temperance.

Sir,—Permit me to call the attention of your readers to the words of the Bishop of Hereford (Dr. Percival) who in his tennal charge to the clergy of his diocese on the 22nd inst. asked "Why the Noncon- formist:ministers were, as a rule, more keen and active in the cause of temperance than the majority of country clergy " and criticised their attitude towards bridge gambling and race meetings." In these out- spoken remarks, I consider he has struck the keynote of what may prove to be a source of great danger, not confined to the diocese of Hereford alone, bat in many other parts of our land. They will, I fear, be specially applicable to the churches of Warrington, Episcopal and Nonconformist alike. Of bridge, gambling and I race meetings I do not speak, but may I say ' that I know of no town where the curse of intemperance is looked upon by the Christian churches with such utter indifference as in Warrington. If this has always been the case I do not wonder that failure has dogged the footsteps of Temperance efforts in bygone days, I have learned, too sadly, that a large number of ministers and professing Christians appear to have no desire to attack the monstrous evil which .saps their congregations and Sunday schools On the other hand I have met with some very favourable exceptions and to these friends I tender my sincere thanks. I wish it to be understood that I have no desire to hurl random charges against any church or individual. But I feel bound to ask why this apathy should exist? It may be urged that Temperance senti- ment is steadily growing. This 'in some degree I I admit is true. I fear, however, that we have a shallow ' foundation upon which to build our future hopes. There are doubtless,many whose hearts are with us. They view with grave concern the influence of the huge liquor traffic and consider their efforts so inadequate that they feel obliged to "give it a miss." But I am surprised to find that at the meeting of the Temperance Legislation League where the 5 per cent. is held out a large proportion of the Christian ministers are in attendance while on the occasion of a Gospel Temper- ance Mission or the visit of Dr. Sheldon these same friends are most conspicuous by their absence. I have every respect, Sir, for all of these friends and I sincerely trust none will misunderstand my attitude. Ido not condemn or judge anyone. But the facts are facing us daily and we can't shut our eyes. The town is becoming gradually degraded and demoralised, towards which drink is the chief contributory cause. Where is there another tpwn of 70,000 inhabitants with- out a Temperance Hail and organised Temperance Council or Society? Sir,we have room for every serious thought and meditation. Legislative efforts will be futile unless we can show the drink fettered inhabitants of the squalid areas that we have a most genuine interest in their welfare. Have they, then, any call upon the Christian Church? Let any professing Christian take note of all he can see or hear on the streets at closing time any Sunday night and I venture to say that he will blush with shame and disgust as he thinks of the attitude of his Church towards this mass of fallen humanity. Fellow workers can nothing be done to uplift these our fallen brethren? Certainly something can be done and must be done. When the Christian Church and individuals stand united it will be accom- plishe,l. "Duty demands it." Can we withhold it? Surely not : Then let us be up and doing. Christian awake and let your watchword be 'For God and humanity." I shall be glad to have the names of all who will become members of a Temperance Council.— Yours &c., Moore, 29th May, 1907.

J. R. GRIFFITHS,

===== 0002601_19070601_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
The Scattered Nation.

Sir,—Next to the affection which all sentient beings .cherish for their offspring, probably the purest natural and abiding feeling of the human heart is the love of home and country. And this beautiful and ennobling -sentiment is strongly and universally cherished in these islands. The people of England and Wales are deeply attached to their respective divisions of the country and, not- withstanding some drawbacks, regard it as the finest and most beautiful country in the world. They are charmed with its mild and genial days, and its glorious moons and starry skies are ever sources of wonder and of joy. To their minds its rural scenes and village homes contain much that is best and purest in the developments of human life. And then is it not the •ancient home of freedom, ever ready and ever willing .to afford refuge and protection to the oppressed of other countries who find their way to its open shores. One ot our poets Byron I think. has. ...Li the "The • cold in clime are cold in blood," and the inhabitants of "Caledonia, stern and wild," must plead guilty to his Lordship's indictment. Their country is indeed ,colder and less genial than the sunny south, and they themselves are somewhat reserved and unemotional. But they have a warm corner in their hearts for their friends, and their attachment to the land of their fathers is proverbial. And when, in some region "far awn," the Scotsman hears the tender melody of "Ye banks and braes o' bonnie Doune" memories of his early home will float through his mind as a beautiful and refresh- ing dream. And the same beaut;ful and abiding love of home and ,country is very strong in our warm-hearted and generous neighbours whose lot is cast in the lovely Island in the West." How many American citizens, born in Ireland, every year incur the cost and brave the dangers and discomforts of an ocean voyage of three or four thousand miles that they may behold once more the lovely cloudland under which they were born, tread again the fields and meadows where they played in the Tears long, long ago, and drop a tear at the shrines and on the graves of their fathers. But, as you know, Mr. Editor, there is a people who must number many millions, who are in the unique posi- tion of having no home or country of their own at present. These people are the lineal descendants of Abraham, the Father of the Faithful and the Friend of God, to whom and to his heirs the land of Canaan was given for an everlasting possession. But Israel only occupied the country—a narrow strip of territory bound- ing the eastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea—for about fifteen hundred years. In the middle of that period the idolatry of" The Golden Calves" led to the carrying away of ten of the tribes into a captivity from which they have never yet emerged. And their final •overthrow as a nation was completed by the Romans more than eighteen hundred years ago. No people were :ever so highly favoured as were the children of Abraham, and no people were ever so severely punished, -for their sins as they were. In the last siege and des- truction of Jerusalem and the Temple, more than a million of them perished by famine and the sword, and the survivors were dispersed into every .country under heaven. One of the most tragic incidents in history marked their last struggle against the Romans. In the Fortress of Masada, on the shore of the Dead Sea, a garrison of nine hundred and sixty persons perished by self-appointed executioners rather than fall alive into the hands of -their enemies ! Their Canaan, once the glory of all lands, now lies waste and desolate under Turkish mis- Tule ; and the site of " the holy and beautiful house " where their fathers worshipped and sang the songs of Zion is now desecrated by the Mosque of Omar ! In one of his Hebrew melodies Lord Byron thus feelingly describes the present condition of this unhappy and, forsaken race : " Tribes of the wandering foot and weary breast, How shall ye flee away and be at rest ! The wild-dove hath its nest, the fox his cave, Mankind their country—lsrael but the grave " And yet wherever the Jews are found, whether in the great centres of population, among the sparser inhabi- tants of the open country, or in the lonely islands of the ocean their thoughts and their hopes are ever turned to Palestine with a devotion and intensity of feeling which we Gentiles fail to realize. For was it not the goodly land, teaming with the choicest productions of nature' into whieh their fathers were divinely led, and where they lived, and were buried in the valley of Jehoshaphat. Its hills and vales were often consecrated by the Seers and Kings whose blessed memories are household words in every British home to-day. And its glorious Temple, once the wonder of the world, was the only one in which the Divine Presence was ever visibly manifested to men!

And very beautiful and comforting is the thought that, however much Israel may have sinned, they are, nevertheless, still beloved for their Father's sake, and a glorious future lies before them. As surely as they were redeemed from the bondage of Egypt so surely will the scattered excites he restored to the promised land, and by the same Almighty power of God. We have prophetic reasons, too, for believing that their second Exodus will be infinitely more important and comprehensive in its results than the first one was. For not only will they themselves experience a great deliverance and a vionderful home-oominw, but through them and by them the Gentile nations will be converted and brought uader the dominion of the "Prince of Peace" who will set up His throne upon 'Mount Zion,and establish a reign of justice and righteousness under the whole heaven. Then violence and oppression will be knows r no more; "Thanksgiving and the voice of melody " will succeed the cries of suffering and sorrow, and the earth and its inhabitants will enjoy a long Sabbath of rest and glory.—Yours truly, May, 1907.

JONA.

WIDNES COUNCILLOR'S DEA.TIL

Widnes readers will hear with regret of the stulden death of Councillor William Norris, at his residence, 104, Derby-road, Farnworth. After ailing for only a week he succumbed to pneumonia late on Monday. Mr. Norris carried on business as a farmer, and hay, straw, and corn dealer, and was well known in the locality. In 1897, on the resignation of Mr. Longton, Mr. Norris was returned unopposed for Farnworth, a position which he held uninterruptedly to the time of his death.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIMITIVE METHODIST CENTENARY. • MOW COP CELEBRATIONS.

The Primitive Methodist who had been compelled to delay his visit to the celebrations till Monday last might well be eager for his journey to end, for the morning papers were devoting their columns and illustrations in description of the great doings of the day before. As he journeyed one read that nearly 100,000 visitors had climbed the historic spot on the Sunday alone. Never before have even Primitives gathered in such numbers to the Mecca of their Church. In 1807 when the first Camp Meeting was held 4,000 people were present. Fifty years ago, when the Jubilee of that meeting was celebrated, 50,000 people assembled. It is quite certain that the centenary numbers almost doubled the record. The Rev. A. T. Guttery, of Newcastle-on-Tyne might well say, in speaking from one of the stands on Sunday: " What a sight is this. This is the greatest sight of my life. Oh! I would like some people in England to see this spectacle." From one to two thousand people began the day by attending the 7 o'clock meeting for prayer. By ten o'clock some 20,000 folk had reached the field. Processions had journeyed from Tunstall, Bradley Green, Congleton, Kidsgrove c, the Tunstall procession being 5,000 strong. The 'hymn which the parties sang on entering the field was "All hail the power of Jesus' name." From four stands, a present, full and free salvation was pro- claimed from 10.30 till 12, and from 2 till 4. In the evening Love Feasts were held in chapel and tent, while a host of the surrounding pulpits were occupied by the Centenary preachers. The weather on Sunday was not ideal ; but no drizzling rain could spoil the meaning of the great event. " Its raining hard "said one of the speakers, " so just imagine you are at a football match ;" and for once at any rate, it was proved that the national sport is not the only thing that can hold a gigantic crowd. The Soturday had opened well. Camp meetings were held from 3 to 4.30 o'clock, while indoor meetings were held at Hanley, Crewe, and Mow Cop at night. The Hanley meeting was specially memorable. Supporting the chairman, Mr. Enoch Edwards, M.P. (the Borough member) were the Mayor of Stoke, Mr. W. B. Hackney, J.P., and many of the leaders of the Primitive Methodist Church. Some half-dozen Primitive Methodist M.P.'s addressed a most enthusiastic gathering of 3,000 people. The speeches were interspersed with the heartiest of Primitive Methodist song. From C till 10 o'clock the Victoria Hall presented a most remarkable scene. It was quite evident the enthusiasm was not spent when Monday morning came. At Harecastle and Mow Cop the railway porters were full of bustle and importance. (The week-end has been like a revolution for them.) Special trains were arriving from Oldham and South Wales. How those Swansea folk did sing! It was a touch of the Welsh Revival long before we climbed the hill. The journey up was a climb that many will not readily forget. The morn- ing was ideal. The sky was full of promise for the day, the air was genial and pure. The trees and fields were looking at their very best. The lark and cuckoo were busy overhead. Those who scrambled in front and then paused to look back over a gate- way at the turn in the road, took a mental photograph of a slowly ascending and picturesque and happy- crowd. The Castle Tower still frowned above, seem- ing to say" Excelsior." When the top was reached the work at the four stands was already in full swing. Speakers and praying companies were fully engaged as though they felt that this was " the last day, that great day of the Feast." Just where to go one hardly knew, so many spiritual tables were spread. No speeches seemed too long however and a great many able speakers could be heard. From one stand came the voice of exhortation, from another the grandest of song, from yet another, the eager petitions of men in prayer, and yet though all these things might be simultaneous there seemed no interruption anywhere. The sun was now in the ascendant and the whole hill seemed bathed in heavenly glory. "Go, on" "Go on " said the responsive crowd to one who mourned the lack of time.

During the interval between the sessions the crowds dispersed to examine the places of interest with which the top of tee hill abounds. tntenng the C.JO Memorial Church the visitor might well imagmc himself in Wales. The organist was leading the congregation that streamed in and out in a number oi impromptu old-time songs. "All hail the power,"- " And can it be," "Thou Shepherd of Israel" were taken up one after another with genuine fervour and delight. From the top of the hill a most entranc- ing panorama could be seen. The Royal vale of Cheshire looked like a Paradise at our feet, while the Staffordshire side of the hill though less picturesque was even more meaningful to the Primitive Methodist mind. Ycnder was Stonebrongh Colliery, where Hugh Bourne first became impressed with the needs of the place. In front was Biddulph Moor, near at hand was the famous Bemersley, with Tunstall still a little further on. Tne interior of the Tower was crowded, and through its openings there came the sounds of heart-stirring song. Perhaps, however, the most delightful of all the gatherings of the day were the many impromptu meetings all over the hill for Chris- tian testimony and song. Here we listened to a veteran from Gateshead, who told of what the Lord had done for him, and sang

"The little cloud—increases still That first arose upon Mow Hill," and there we joined a party from Wales, who melted our hearts as they sang "Jesus, lover of my soul" to their favourite "Aberystwyth." Now we see a strong burly man almost break down with emotion, as he relates his experience and exhorts us to be filled with the Holy Ghost; and then we find ourselves catching the fire and almost longing to take part. There was not a jarring note to be heard. This was a great gathering of the clans, a religious holiday if you will, but a great thanksgiving indeed. At three o'clock the four stands were all occupied once more, College Professors,stalwart layman, earnest minister and returned missionaries were all expounding God's message to man. Bullets were flying as thick and fast as they flew at Spion Kop, but how different the day and how different the result! At each stand, a resolution against the Congo atrocities was unani- mously passed. A complete reversal of the present policy was the uncompromising lemand. About 4.30 o'clock the official open-airs were brought to a close. "Let us sing that verse over again," said the Key. T. H. Hunt, "They are coming here from the other stands." And so the song was repeated until at No. 4 stand the crowd had met en masse. "Wó are goiuB to sing thel Doxology," said the leader. "Praise God from whom all blessings flow." Did ever the listening earth hear such a rendering of the grateful verse? Did ever the listening heaven? Browning makes God say "I miss my little human praise." Here was a bit of it. God did not miss it to-day. With uncovered heads, and with greatful hearts and tear-dimmed eyes the men and women of that great crowd re-consecrated themgelve4 to God. Some of us knew our song was choked and we were not ashamed of the reason why. In the calm of the evening other out-door meetings were held, while at Mow Cop and Crewe and notably at Tunstall various indoor gatherings brought the celebrations to a close. It should he understood that the centenary, scheme is not officially launched till the Leicester Conference of 1007. For three years the connexion will be raising its centenary fund. From eleven out of the twenty-five districts three fifths of the ;E250,000 have already been promised. Liverpool District to which the local church belongs is aiming at £16,000. Our Leg,h-street friends are aiming to raise at least £2OO. Three-fifths of this will force the nucleus of a new Primitive Methodist Church and donations will be thankfully received by the Rev. C. L. Stowe or any official of the Church.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. WHITLEY'S IMPRESSIONS.

Writing on the Centenary celebrations Mr. James Whitley, Stockton Heath, says : Someone has said that Mow Cop ought to belong to the Primitive Methodists, and those who like myself were privileged to be there during the Centenary celebrations might be led to say that the Primitive Methodists had come to take possession of that rough, rugged, and pictur- esque spat. On Saturiay afternoon the great camp meeting commenced and from four stands on the Cheshire side of the hill and on the crown where the first meeting was held just 100 years ago, the Gospel was earnestly peached to the thousands who had assembled. That the mission which it was sotmlit to accomplish at the first meeting has heen fulfilled is verified bx the fact that from the first ten converts tens of thousands have been led to a better life whilst for •a century the outcasts from Society, and sinful, suffering, and down-trodden humanity have been lifted by the agency of the move- ment and led to a happier state of existence. About 4.30 pm. the meetings were brought

===== 0002601_19070601_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

===== 0002601_19070601_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 1, 1907, INFIRMARY EXTENSION.

to a close and until the hour announced for the evening service prayer meetings were held and con- ducted with great fervour. The evening meeting in the Victoria Hall, Hanley was a huge success, the greatest enthusiasm being exhibited throughout the four hours which it lasted. Several of the ten Primitive Methodist M P.'s who had been announced to speak were unavoidably prevented from being present, but the meeting was the greatest in the coarse of the celebrations and will long live in the memory as one of • the most inspiring meetings aver held in the Potteries. The hall was packed by an audience of 3,000 long before the time announced for the com- mencement of the demonstration. Mr. Enoch Edwards, M.P. for Hanley, was in the happiest possible of moods and was supported by six other M.P.'s, Messrs. Bilston, H. H. Mansfield, J. W. Taylor, L. L. Morse, W. A. Harvey and A. Richardson and a large number of principals, officials, ministers and laymen of the Connexion. A great united and well-trained choir filled the orchestra and stalls, and could and did sing, led by the magnificent organ. During the evening the Rev. T. H. Hunt introduced a deputation from the North Staffordshire Free Church Federation who congratulated the denomination upon I its prosperity and wished them every success during the celebration. Another meeting was being held at the same time in Mow Cop Chapel which was crowded and here a remarkable coincidence occurred. Lorenzo Dow the American missioner introduced the camp meetings in England exactly a century ago, whilst the first con- vert at the meetinc, on Saturday was an American to whom the writer sold a souvenir books of hymns in the afternoon. Sunday was misty and dull and the panoramic view over the Cheshire plain was obscured. The roads were blocked in all directions by immense crowds of people flocking to the camp meeting. An old inhabitant of Mow Cop told me that all pr ions meetings including the jubilee meeting were no obe compared in size with that held on Sunday, and many stated that Sunday's meetings were the largest and most enthusiastic religious gatherings ever held in the history of the world. Almost a square mile was covered with ; thronged humanity, whilst the roads were almost ;impassable. All manner of vehicles were used to con- vey the people to Mow Cop. At 6.30 in the morning I I met a fellow-townsman, who told me that he left War- rington at three o'clock and had cycled to Mow Cop to take part in the great prayer meeting at 7 a.m. Early in the morning some two or three hunired men and women assembled in the Market Square. Tunstall, and singing inspiring hymns set out upon the five-mile walk to Mow. Headed by a band they gathered strength as they proceeded on their way, until at last the procession was a mile long and some 5,000 strong. The people were well dressed and well behaved, and were evidently bent upon taking part in the religious services. Hardy- looking husbandmen and business men from Lancashire and Cheshire mingled with the less robust people from I the factories of Staffordshire, whilst miners from Durham and Northumberland joined hands with their comrades from Lancashire and Staffordshire, and testi- fied to the fact that Primitive Methodism had done much for them. The services were characterized by fervour and deep spiritual feeling. Every now and then a sentence would electity the crowd, who betrayed their Ideep emotion by exclamations of approval. There were none of the scenes of hysteria which marked the last religious revival in Wales, but there was depth of feeling and enthusiasm. It was really an old-fashioned Primitive Methodist gathering. The morning meet- ings broke up at twelve o'clock, but still thou- sands of people were flocking to Mow Cop, and by three o'clock it was estimated that between 80,000 and 100,000 persons had assembled, and the scene in the afternoon beggared description. Hundreds gathered in the Memorial Chapel to witness a unique ceremony—the christening of a centenary body—by the Rev. L. R. Hancock, the only minister ever sent out by Mow. Rain fell in the evening but it did not damp the enthusiasm. Mow Cop presented the appearance of a huge picnic but the assembly proved that an abundance of enjoyment and inspiration can be got out of life without intemper- ance. There were fears of a water famine but these was not realized as water was brought from a considerable distance in water carts. _ _

The services on Monday commenced at ten o'clock and were brought to a close when a crowd, estimatedto number 30,000,gathered round one of the preaching stands and sang the Doxology. This final scene was indescrib- able and most inspiring and affecting. A great crowd assembled at the Jubilee Church, Tunstall, in the evening when there was a great public tea followed by a meeting over which Mr. Hartley presided. The pro- ceedings were most enthusiastic, and the singing led by a large choir, very hearty. The promoters of the camp meetings were delighted with Sunday's gatherings which far exceeded their highest expectations. Mr. ‘Thitley concluded with an expression of pleasure at the splendid behaviour of the crowds and in this connection high words of praise were offered by the

Garland, MTS. ... 1 1 0 Garland, Mrs. E. 1 1 0 Garside and Jolley ... 3 3 0 Garton, T. R. ... ... 4 4 0 Geddes, John, J.P. ... 50 0 0 Geddes, Mrs. and the Misses ... 2 2 0 Gibson, Thos. E. ... ... 5 5 0 Gilbert, F. W.... ... 10 0 0 Gill, William ... ... 5 0 0 Gleave. James ... 2 0 0 Greenall, Whitley & Co., Ld. ... 1000 0 0

Greenall, Henry ... ... . ... 50 0 0 Greenall, G. and 3. ... ... ... 10 10 0 Greening, Miss M. ... ... ... 1 1 0 Greenwell, P. ... ... ... ... _l. 1 0

Griffiths, %17illiam ... ... ... 21 _0 0

Grime, Thomas

... 10 10 0

===== 0002601_19070601_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
BISHOP OF LIVERPOOL'S FUND Meeting at Warrington.

A public meeting in support of the Bishop of Liver- pool's fund, recently instituted to raise with in the next five years a sum of at least £lOO,OOO to supply the needs of the large and increasing population of the diocese, was held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, yesterday afternoon. In the absence of the Mayor who was detained on public business in London, the Rector (Rev. Canon Willis) presided and was supported by the Lord Bishop of Liverpool (Right Rev. Dr. Chavasse), Rev. Canon Sylvester (hon. secretary), Rev. Canon Morley Stevenson, Mr. J. Alderson Smith (general secretary), and Mr. J. D. Buckton. Canon Sylvester read a long list of apologies for non-attendance. The RECTOR referred to the many calls upon the generosity of church people necessitated by various pressing projects, but asked them to consider the appeal on behalf of the Bishop of Liverpool's fund on the highest possible ground. In serving the diocase they were nerving the Church of God. The Bishop had set them a most noble example by his self-denying generosity and earnest, unselfish work. (Applause). The BISHOP moved: "That the Bishop of Liver- pool's fund deserves the liberal support of all Church. people throughout the diocese." He said he had come there as Bishop not to beg but to lay before them to whom the Church belonged as much as it belonged to him, the needs of the Church in that diocese. They had received from their forefathers a great and glorious heritage and it was their bounden duty to hand it on unimpaired. The needs of the diocese were great and if their heritage were not to suffer, every member of the Church of England must bestir himself or herself. The diocese, though not very large in area, had a population of 1,300,000 and they were faced with the facts that the population was growing at the rate of 10,000 a year and that great centres of the towns were being gradually depopulated and people were flying to the suburbs, some for the sake of fresh. air and others to escape the rates. (Laughter.) Suburban parishes were therefore growing by leaps and bounds. No one could pretend to say that the funds at present at the disposal of the Biphop—£2,ooo or £3,000 a year—were adequate to meet the needs of the diocese. What was needed was a large sum which could be entrusted to a com-_--ittee and distributed, after investigation, all over the dio-rese. The object of the new fund was to advance money to build churches, mission rooms and vicarages, and enable the fit:lurch to cope with the rapidly- increasing work. Their desire was to offer to every v church that was being built £l,OOO ; every new parish hall £500; every new vicarage £ll5O ; and to help for- ward the day when every living in the diocese woe! I be at least £3OO a year. In the Winwick rural deane-y five additional clergy were needed, two parishes in Warrington which were greatly in need of larger staffs being St. Barnabss' and St. Peter's. Two churches -Hollinfare and Bartonwood—needed re-building and parish buildings were required in several parishes. Four livings at least needed bringing up to £3OO a year. One of the greatest difficulties to be faced was the migration of well-to-do people out of the diocese, leaving a vast mass of poor people often uncared for. Very often the rich people who had made their money in Lancashire towns and went to live in the beautiful parts of Cheshire forgot those through whom their money had been made. They wanted to make those people feel that the places where they had made tbeir money still had a claim upon their generosity. If rich people who were spending thonlands and thousands upon their mansions, yachts, motor cars and pleasures would give in proportion to Gad, then there would be no difficulty at all in raising £lOO.OOO. (Applause.) Colonel J. D. BUCKTON seconded and the resolution was unanimously carried. Canon MORLEY STEVENSON moved that a local com- mittee should be formed to work in conjunction with the central committee and that it should comprise one clerical and one lay narrnber frail each parish in the rural deanery. Canon SYLVESTER secondel and this resolution was also agreed to. A vote of thanks was accorded to the Rector for pre- siding, on the motion of the RIV. BR‘CEC %.MP seconded by Mr. J. ALDERSON SNIITH.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
BOTHA'S TRIBUTE TO BRITAIN.

Replying to the :‘,Tayoral Welcome and an address from the Liberal Association at Capetown on Tuesday General Botha said he was convinced that the visit of the South African Premiers to England had contributed largely to a better understanding between South Africans and the people 6,000 miles away. He added that he firmly believed the British meant well by South Africa, and were encouraging every endeavour to build up a strong and united people. The Conference, he continued, would greatly contribute to the welfare of South Afrina. He was pleasurably impressed by the fact that the Colonies were regarded as sister States,and not as minor children. He was unable to go further than be did regarding preference until this important matter bad been fully and effectively discussed in the Transvaal. Alluding to thedifficulties confronting his party, especially owing to the prevalent depression, he said that they were determined not to barter their principles with any party in South Africa. South Africans, he continued, had still to learn patience, and the Transvaal Olvernment intended tl hasten slowly.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SUBSCRIPTIONS TO DATE. £3,000 Still Wanted.

The following letter has been issued on behalf of the'lnfirmary Extension Committee : The Infirmary and Dispensary, Warrington, June Ist, 1907. Dear Sir (or Madam), In enclosing the list of subscriptions to date the Extension Committee desire to express their keen gratification that, as the result of but little over twelve months' work, .V.. 2,000 has already been collected out of the £15,000 required. The new buildings are now nearing completion, and if the extension is to be opened on an efficient basis it is essential that it should be free from debt.

On behalf of the Colimittee we venture to earnestly appeal to all who have not yet subscribed to assist them in this work, thus aifording to the people of Warrington and surrounding districts the Infirmary accommodation essential for their requirements. Any contributions, however small, will be earnestly appreciated...

We may add that a four days' Fête and Bazaar in aid of the Fund will be held from June 19th in the grounds of Hill Cliffe, kindly lent for the purpose by Mr. Heary Greenall, and assistance in money or kind will be heartily welcomed by any of the following ladies :—Mrs. Smethurst, The Mayoress, Warrington; Mrs. Lyon, Appleton Hall ; Mrs. Henry Greenall, Hill Cliffe ; Mrs. Broadbent, Latchford ; Mrs. Blair, Moore ; Mrs. Frost, Grappenhall ; Mrs. Vere B. Davies, Stockton Heath; Mrs. Coxon, Lymm ; Mrs. Rylands, Thelwall. Yours faithfully, W. PETER RYLANDS, Chairman of the Extension Committee. GEORGE DAKIN, Hon. Treasurer. A LIST OF DONATIONS GIVEN OR PROMISED FOR THE ENLARGEMENT OF THE, WARRINGTON INFIRMARY. 2 S. d. Acton, S. and F. ... ... 3 3 0 Aitken, B. _ 1 1 0

Aitken, Mrs. J. B. 1 1 0 Albinson, Joseph and Sons ... ... 2 0 0 Allen, T. and Sons ... 2 2 0 Almond, Mrs. ... 1 0 0 Anonymous, per Messrs. R. Davies and Co. ... ... 20 0 0 Appleton, Miss ... ... 2 2 0 Appleton, Major F.M. ... 1 1 0 Appleton Hockey Club, per Miss D. A. Willcocks ... 3 14 10 Ardern, C. E. 1 1 0 Armitage and Rigby, Ltd. ... ... 200 0 0 Armitage, Mrs. Ziba ... 10 0 0 Atherton, Thomas ... 5 5 0 Banks, Joseph ... 1 1 0 Banks, Mrs. Mary ... 1 1 0 Bartley, G. Fl. ... 2 2 0 Baxter, Mrs.,, 5 5 0 Backhouse, Mrs. ........1 2 0 Beaman, S. J. ... 2 5 0 Bennett, John ... ... 5 0 0 Bennett, Arthur, J.P.... ... 5 5 0 Bennett, Mrs. Thos. 1 1 0 Bennett, Mrs. Walter ... 1 0 0 Bennett, ... ... 5 5 0 Bennett, Mrs. William ... 1 1 0 Bifurcated Rivet Co. Ld., The ... 10 10 0 Billington, Mrs. R. ... 1 1 0 Bindloss, Miss ... 1 0 0 Birchall, Mrs. Thos. ... 1 1 0 Blackburne, Colonel R. Ireland, C.B. 100 0 0 Bleckly, Herbert S. ... 25 0 0 Bleckly, John J., J.P.... ... 100 0 0 Sleekly, William H., J.P. 1.00 0 0 Bleckly, Mrs. W. H. ... 2 2 0 Boumphrey, A. B. ... 5 5 0 Bowden, Mrs. E. E. 1 1 0 Bracecamp, Rev. NV. ... ... 2 2 0 Braide, Mrs. ... ' 1 1 0 Briggs, Mrs. S. ... ... 2 2 0 Broadbent, Mrs. C. ... ... 10 0 0 Broadbent, Nriss Lucy ... 3 3 0 Brophy, Mrs. M. ... 2 2 0 Brundrett, Mr 1 1 0 Britch, Mrs. 8.................1... 0 0 Britch, Miss E. ... 1 0 0 Brooks, Mrs. ............1 0 0 Buckley, J. and Co., Ld. 2 2 0 Buckton, Mrs. J. Rhoades ... 10 0 0 Buckton, Lt.-Col. J. D. ... ... 5 0 0 Buckton, Mrs. J. D. ... 6 1 0 Bunch, Chas. E. ... 5 5 0 Burton Thos., J.P. ... 5 0 0 Caldwells, Ld. and Stockton H.Forge 30 0 0 Caledonian A93oCiati 011 - 10 10 0 Carleton, Rey. E. a 8., M.A. ... 10 0 0 Ca no n , ... 25 0 0 Carter, T. Birckall 5 5 0 Chadwick Robert 1 1 0 Chantler, T. 1 1 0 Chorley, C. and R. J.... ... 5 0 0 Clare and Ridgway ... 10 10 0 • Clarke-Jervoise, Captain E. J. ... 1 0 0 Coates, E. H. ... 1 1 0 Connor, Ed. ... ... 10 0 0 Cook, Rev. C. Harvey... ... 2 2 0 Cooper, Daniel... ... 1 1 0 Cooper, Thos. ... 1 0 0 Corbett, Thos. ... ... 2 0 0 Corporation Gas Department, Employes of ... ... 10 10 0 Coxon, John ... 25 0 0 Craik, Joseph, jun. ... ... 3 3 0 Cross, 8.... ... 1 0 0 Croft Horticultural Society, Pro- ceeds of Concert and Donation 4 4 0 Ceosfield, Joseph & Sons, Ld. ... 100 0 0 Crosfield, yrs. ... 50 0 0

Crosfield, Miss Truda H. ... 21 0 0 Crosfield, Arthur H., ... 50 0 0 Crosfield, Captain George R. 25 0 0 Crosfleld John J. 100 0 0 Crosfields' Band 0 1 Cross, Right Hon. Visconut... ... 10 10 0 Cross, C. Shepherd 3 3 0 Daintith, William ... 2 2 0 Dakin, Miss ... 50 0 Dakin, George. ... 50 0 0 Dakin, Mrs. Geo. ... ... 1 1 0 Davies, Rev. Jas. ... ... 1 1 0 Davies, Leonard G. 20 0 0 Davies, Vere B. 100 0 0 Densham, Mrs.. .............1 1 0 Dewhurst, G. Littleton, J.P., D.L., 100 0 0 Dewhurst, G. Powys, J.P. ... 100 0 0 Dimmelow. Mrs. W. W. 1 1 0 Dixon, T. F. W 1 1 0 Dobson, Mrs. P........... 1... 0 0 Dobson, The Misses ... ... 3 0 0 Dodds, James ... ... 52 10 0 Down, Arthur ... ... 20 0 0 Draper, Ed. ... 2 2 0 Draper, J. Fl. 1 1 0 Dunn, John ... ... 5 0 0 Dutton, Mrs. ... 1 1 0 Dutton, Miss Bessie 2 2 0 Dutton, Miss ... • ... 1 0 0 Earwaker, A. ... 5 0 0 Eddowes and Co., LI ... 10 10 0 Edelsten, Lt.-Col. J. A. ... 21 0 0 Edelsten, J. Malin, J.P. ... 50 0 0 Egerton of Tatton, Right Hon. Earl 100 0 0 Egerton-WronCol. Piers J.P. 10 0 0 Evans, F. 8..................1 1 0 Evans, H. ff. 1 0 Evans, John ..............2 2 2 0 Ewart, Mrs. ... 1 1 0 Fairclough, James and Sons, Ld. 100 0 0 Fairclough, Henry ... ... 23 0 0 Fairclough, Mrs. Henry 1 1 0 Fairclough, John, J.P. 23 0 0 Fairclough, Mrs. John 1 10 0 Fairclough, Mrs. Richard 1 1 0 Fairclough, Mrs. James ..1 ... 11 0 Fairfield. H. G. School, per Miss AI. E. Taylor ... ... 3 2 7 Fairfield School ... 1 5 0 Fairhurst, 5 0 9 Fairhurst, John' ... 2 2 0 Fairhurst, Mrs.... ... 1 0 0 Fenton, Edward ... 2 2 0 Ferguson, Mrs. Hugh... 1 1 0 Field, Henry H........... 15 0 0 Firth Co., Ltd., The ... ..• ... 50 0 0 Fleming, J. H. S: Co., Ld. 5 5 0 Fleming, Employes of J. H. Co., Ltd.... ... ... 3 10 9 Fletcher, William 5 5 0 Fletcher, Mrs. William ... ... 5 5 0 Fletcher, Russell & Co., Ltd. ... 50 0 0 Fletcher, Miss ... 5 0 0 Forshaw, E. and Son ... ... 10 10 0 Forshaw, W. J.... ... 25 0 0 Forshaw, Mrs. W. J. ... 1 1 0 Foundation Stone Collection ... 21. 3 9 Fowles, Mrs. W. ... 0 0 Fox, Dr. E. A., .I.P. ... 10 10 0 Freemasons," Lodge of Charity "... 5 5 0 Freemasons, "Lodge of Friendship" 5 5 0 Freemasons," Lodge of Lights" ... 5 5 0 Friend, per W. Peter Rylands ... 100 0 0 Frith, Mrs. ... 1 1 0 Froghall Cycling Club ... 1 1 0

Frat, F. Aylmer, J.P. ... 100 0 0 Fulton-Smith, J. 5 0 0 Gandy, Mrs. E.... ... 1 0 0 Gandy, F. ... 2 2 0 Gandy, Mrs. Jas. ... 1 1 0 Garnett, Mrs. Robert... ... 25 0 0 Garnett, Divid... ... 25 0 0 Garnett, R. E. ... 25 0 0 Garland, J. S. ... 5 5 0

===== 0002601_19070601_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
Grocoit, F. J. ... ... ... ... 50 0 Grosvenor, Henry ... ... ... .2 2 0

Grounds, H.

... ... 10 0 0

===== 0002601_19070601_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
Guest Bros., Ld. ... ... ... 10 10 0 Haddock, W. S. and Miss ... ... 2 10 0

Hallwood, Mrs. A. ... ... ... 1 1 0 Harbord, Hon. Mrs. has. ... ... 20 0 0

- - Harrison,yrs. Joseph

2 2 0

Hatton, Herbert ... 21 0 0 Hatton, Mrs. J. 1 1 0 Hatton, Mrs. Herbert... ... 1 1 0 Haydock-street Tanning Co., The ... 10 10 0 Hayward, J. W., J.P. 5 5 0 Henshall, Louis 25 0 0 Hepherd, Jas., J.P. 5 0 0 Hesketh, John ... ... 21 0 0 Hewitt, Mrs. Ann ... 1 1 0

:ham', R. ... ... ... ... 1 1 0

Aig , Hill and Co. ... ... 3 3 0 Holmes, Mrs., Great Sankey ... 5 0 0 Holmes, C. Jaksn J.P ... 3 3 0 Hope, Harry .............1 1 0 Houghton, Mrs. H. N....... 1 1 0 Houghton, Mrs. W. 1 1 0 Hughes, W. H. 1 1 0 Hutchings, J. and W. N. ... ... 31 10 0 Isaac, J. B. _ _ 1 1 0

Isherwood, Edward ... ... ... 5 5 0

Jackson, Walter 1 1 0 Jackson, Miss ... 2 2 0 Jackson, John.. 3 3 0 Johnson, Mrs. J.......... 1. 1 0 Jones, Walter J. H. ... 20 0 0 Jones, Mrs. D.... ... 1 1 0 Jones, William C. 25 0 0

Joseph , Dr. G. W. 25 0 0 J. L. W.... 1 1 0

Kidd, Miss ... ... 2 2 0 Kiernan, Miss M. E. ... 1.; 5 0 Kinder, Miss Martha ... ... 5 0 0

King, A. J., M.P. 5 0 0 Knott, G. E. ... 1 1 0 Knowles Mrs. J. ... 1 1 0

Knowles, John W. . ... 5 5 0 Latchford Baptist Cricket dub ... 33 0 Lee, Arthur H..... 10 0 0

Lee, Mrs. T. Jackson ... i 1 0 Leslie, W. A. ... 2 2 0 LeylEnd, Leigh... ... 3 3 0 Lilford, Rt. Hon. Lord ... ... 100 0 0

Lister-Kaye, Mrs. A.... ... • 1 0 0 Litton Miss ... ... 5 0 0

Lofthouse, Oswald ... 2 2 0 Long, William, J.P. ... 1000 0 0

Long, Mrs.

1 0 0

Londiord Wire CO., Ltd., The ... 50 0 0 Longland, Josiah ... 5 5 0 Lonedand Airs J 1 1 0

Lonishavi, Mrs. 1 1 0 Lord, F. J. ... ... 21 ? 3

Lowe, Robert ...

===== 0002601_19070601_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
Locker, Thos. and Co. Ltd. ... ... 10 10 0

Lunt, J.. and Sons

5 5 0

Lyon, Thos. H., J.P., D.L. 25 0 0 Lyon, Mrs. ... ... 5 0 0 MacGregor, J.A. ... 5 5 0 Mac Iver, Mr. and Mrs. Colin ... 120 0 0 Mackendrick, William P. ... 3 3 0 Mackie and Co., Ltd.... ... 5 5 0 Manchester and Liverpool ric Banking Co., Ltd., The ..........50 0 0 Markel, Dr. K.E., J.P. 25 0 0 Marsh A. B. 2 0 0

Marsoit' Charles ... ... 30 0 0 Massy, Miss ... 30 0 0 May Day H ...5 5 0 MeQuire, N...................... 1 1 0 Melbourne, J. and Co., Ltd., Employees of ... ... 4 0 0 Mersey White Lead Co., Ltd. ... 50 0 0 Miller, Charles J. ... 25 0 0 Milling, Mrs. and Family 25 0 0 Milling and Co., Ltd., some of the Employees... ... 112 9 Millington, 1 1 0 Milner, Miss Mary ... 20 0 0 Monks, Hall and Co., Ltd. ... ... 200 0 0 Monks, Hall & Co.,Ld.,Employees of 100 0 0 Monks, Miss ... ... 1 0 0

Monro: James ... ... ... ... 10 10 0

Morris, Ernest ... ... ... ... 1 1 0

Morris; Frank ... ... 3 0 0 Morris, Miss J. R. ... ... 2 2 0 Monks, Mrs. F. W. 1. 1 0 Mortimer, H. Percy ... ... 50 0 0 Mortimer, Frank 50 o 0 Wilflazn 50 0 0 " Moss Side" 1 10 6 Moss, S. and Sons ... ... 3 3 0 Murray, Dr. T. A. ... 1 1 0

. , Murray, John ... 5 0 0 Mynekyme, A. ... 2 2 0 National Provincial Bank of England, Ltd., The ... 10 0 0 Naylor, H. W. 1 1 0 Naylor, S. ... ...• 2 2 0 Neild, Henry, J.P. ... 10 0 0 Nowall Engineering Co., Ltd., Employees of ... 1 1 2 Newton, Right Hon. Lord ... ... 15 0 0 Nield, John J. ... ... 2 2 0 Norfolk, Dnke of ... 2 0 0 Oddfellows, Manchester Unity, Independent Order of ... ... 21 0 0 Oddfellows, Manchester Unity, Independent Order of, Chß- _ _ _ _ _

dren''s Burial Society ... 1.5 0 0 Owen, Halsall 1 0 0 Owen, William. and Segar ... 50 0 0 Owen, Mrs. ... 1 0 0 Parker, Charles E. ... 25 0 0 • Parkinson's Ltd., Latchford ... 20 0 0 Parochial School, Boys' Department per G. W. A. Brown ..........2 2 0 0 Parr, J. Charlton, J.P., D.L.... ... 500 0 0 Parr, Mrs. J. Charlton ... 5 5 0 Parr, Roger C., J.P., C.C. ... 25 0 0 Parr's Bank Limited ... ... 100 0 0 Payton, J. ... 1 1 0 Pearson and Knowles Coal and

Iron Co., Ltd. ... 500 0 0 Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron

Co., Ltd., Employees 0f... ... 470 6 3 Pendlebury, Fred ... ... 21 0 0 Penketh Tanning Co., Ltd. ... ... 50 0 0 Penketh Tanning Co. Ltd., Works Sick Club 5 0 0 Penrhyn, Rev. Cannon, M.A. ... 10 0 0 Peogle's College Concert, Proceeds _ of, per C. Jackson Holmes, J.P. 22 0 0

PerciVa.l, Mrs. J. 1 1 0 Percival, Rev. B. 1 1 0 Pickmere, Travers ... ... 5 5 0

Pickmere, Mrs. Travers ... 1 1 0 Pickmere, E. R.• 2 2 0 Picton Mrs 1 1 0 Piddack, Mrs. ... 1 1 0 Pierpoint, F. R. ... ... 1 1 0 Pierpoint, Miss, St. Austin's ... 10 0 0 Pierpoint, Miss... ... 1 1 0 Pierpoint, Robert, J.P. ... 10 10 0 Pigot, Rev. Harry V., M.A.... ... 10 0 0 Postmaster and Staff ... ... 5 11 6

Priests of St. Albans ... ... 3 3 0 Pye, Mrs.l 0 0 Ransome, J. A............. 2 2 0 Rathbone, A. H. 5 0 0 Reynolds, John (The Tannery, Latchford)... ... 25 0 0 Reynolds, L. W, J.P. ... 5 5 0 Reynolds, Mrs. L. W.... ... 5 5 0 Reynolds, W. and Co.. Ltd. ... ... 20 0 0 Reynolds, W. and. CO, Ltd., Employees of ... 410 0 Reynolds, Mrs. John ... 1 1 0 Reynolds, Mrs. Chas. ... 1 1 0 Richardson, William, J.P. 25 0 0 Richardson, Mrs. Edwin .., ... 3 3 0 Richardson, Mrs. dames 1 1 0 Richardson, James, jun., ... 3 3 0 Richardson, Miss E. M. 1 1 0 Richardson, John E. ... ... 5 5 0 Richardson, Mrs. J. E. ... 1 0 0 Richardson, Mrs. W. 1 1 0 Richmond Gas Stove and Meter

Co., Ltd. ... ... 25 0 0 Ridgway Thomas J. 25 0 0 _ _

Rid-path,- Rev. T, A. J. ... 1 1 0

, Roberts, Mrs. Henry... ... 1 1 0 Roberts, H. Gordon ... ... 21 0 0 Roberts, John, J.P. ... 10 10 0 Roberts, William, J.P. 2 2 0 Robertson, W., Ltd. ... 5 5 0 Robinson, Son & Co., Ltd., ... 10 0 0 Roger Bros. & Co. ... 1 0 0 Rose, Edward ... 1 1 0 Rowson R., and Sons... ... 5 5 0 Royal &in Theatre Company 5 5 0 Rylands, Mrs., Massey Hall ... 10 0 0 Rylands, Miss ... ... 50 0 Rylands Bros., Ltd. ... ... 250 0 0 Rylands, W. Peter, J.P. ... 150 0 0 Rylands Bros., Ltd., Emyloyes of ... 300 0 0 Rylands, Miss Pattie 1 0 0 St. Ann's Day School 1 0 0 _ . _ _ _

~ St. Barnabas' Day School ... ... 1 3 2 Saint Paul's Church on the occasion

of the Mayoral visit ... 15 16 3 Sampson, Miss Amy 1 1 0 Seotson, Wm. ... 1 1 0 Sergeants' Mess,Volunteer Quarters 2 2 0 Sewards, Chas. and Daughters ... 8 8 0 Shaw, Miss Phcebe 2 2 0 Shepherd, Thomas R ... 500 0 0

Simpson, Mrs., Walton Lea... ... 1 1 0 Singleton, Henry ... ... 55 0 Smethurst, Jas.,J.P. 25 0 0 Smethurst, James H.... ... 2 2 0 Smethust, J. E. and Miss M. L. ... - 1 1 0 Smith, The Misses ... ... 10 0 0 Smith, A. G. ... 1 1 0 Smith, Mrs. J. Law ... 1 1 0 Smith, Dr. Regina' ... 5 5 0 Smith, R. T. ... 5 5 0 Smith, C. Stanley ... ... 3 3 0 Smith, F. H. ••• ••• •.• 10 10 0 Smith and Walker ... • 1 1 0 Spring, Mrs. H. 1 1 0 Standish, The Misses... ... 2 2 C Stanton, Mrs. Henry ... • 25 0 0 Stanton, Rev. W. J., M.A. ... 25 0 0 Stapleton-Bretherton, F. ... 5 0 0 Stevenson, Rev. Canon Morley,M.A. 2 2 0 Stone, Robert ... ••• ... 5 5 0 Strange, James... ... ... 5 5 0 Strange, Mrs. ... ••• 1 0 0 Sutton, Thos. H. ... 2 0 0 Sutton, James C. ... ... 10 10 0 Taylor, Fredk. ••• 2 2 0 Taylor, F. G. 2 2 0 Taylor, John, L.D.S. 21 0 0 Taylor, Hedley, L.D.S. 5 0 0 Thelwall, proceeds of Concert held February 6th, 1907, per Mrs. T. Jones-Parry and Miss Bleckley 4 310 Thewlis and Griffith, Ltd. ... 5 0 0 Thorp, P. H. ... ••• ... 1 1 0 Tickle, Mrs. Ralph 1 1 0 Tinsley, The Misses ... 5 0 0 Training College Students ... 1 IS 2 Tunstall, Mrs. Thos. ... 2 2 0 Twiss, Joseph 2 2 0 Union Tanneries, Ltd. ... ... 25 0 0 anion Bank of Manchester. Ltd. ... 10 10 0 Voisey, Mrs. ... 2 0 Vulcan Foundry Co., Ltd. ... ... 50 0 0 Wadsworth T 1 0 0

, Walker, Peter and Son, Ltd.... ... 500 0 0 Walker, Geo. •.. ... 2 2 0 Walsh, :qrs. A. ..• 1 1 0 Warburton, Mrs. Margt. 2 2 0 Warburton, Miss ... 1 1 0 Waring, A.,& Co., Ltd., anploy4s of 710 0 Warrington Window Cleaning Co., Ltd..... .....................1 1 0 Warrington Wire Rope Works Ltd., 50 0 0 Warrington & Distrist Bill-Posting & Advertising Co., Ltd.. ... 1 1 0 Warrington and District Licensed Victuallers' Association ... 5 5 0 Warrington Cycling Club, Grand Fancy Dress Parade & Carnival 410 14 9 Warrington Equitable Industrial Co-operative Society, Ltd. ... 50 0 0 Warrington Dramatic Society ... 52 10 0 Warrington Football Club ... ... 50 0 0 Warrington Musical Society 50 0 0 Warrington and District Property Owner's Association ... 2 2 0 Warrington Union ... 89 10 0 Watson, Wm. ... ... 2 2 0 Weston, T. 1 1 0 Wheeler, Miss Catherine ... 0 0 White, Charles J.P. 25 0 0 White H. B. & Sons 2 2 0 White, John & Co. ... ... 31 10 0 Whitecross Co., Ltd. ... ... 250 0 0 Whitecross Co L Whitley, C. T....................... 10... 0 0 Whitlow and Darbyshire 2 2 0 Whittle, Thos., and Sons, Ltd. ... 22 0 Whyman's Foundry Co., Ltd. ... 5 5 0 Whyman's Foundry Co., Ltd. Employees of 5 5 0 Wilkinson, John., J.P. ... 1 1 0 Wilson-Patten, Hon. Ellinor 110 0 0 Wilson-Patten, Hon. Elizabeth ... 110 0 0 Willis, Rev. Cano . .. 5 5 0 Willis, Mrs. F. W............... 2 2 0 Williams, Miss (St. Austin's) ... 1 0 0 Williamson, Mrs. Thelwall 1 1 0 Winstanley, Wm. .................6 6 6 0 Withinsbaw, J. G. ... 1 1 0 Wood James 1 1 0

Wood, Mrs. E. H. ... 1 1 0 Woods, Miss Fanny ... ... 20 0 0 Woods, Miss Mary ... ... 20 0 0 Woods, Edwin ... ... 5 5 0 Woods, T. L., and the Misses ... 1 1 0 Wright, A. S. ... 1 1 0 Women's Guild,The Penketh 1 2 6 Yonge, Rev. John 2 2 0 Yonge, Mrs. E. A. 1 1 0 Young, J. Rymer, J.P.. ... 5 0 0 Small Sums ... ... 182 1 8

£1,2046 4 6

===== 0002601_19070601_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF COLONEL W. H. DODDS4'.

Military Funeral at Newcastle.

Our rtiaders will regret to learn that Mr. James Dodds last week suffered a severe bereavement by the sudden death of his only surviving brother Colonel W. H. Dodds, V. D., at Ngwcastle-on-Tyne. The deceased gentleman was the commanding officer of the Ist Newcastle Royal Engineers (Volunteers), and had been a volunteer officer for nearly thirty years during which time he had become greatly attached to the volunteer movement and enjoyed great personal popularity. The news of his death on the Wednesday of last week was received with profound regret by all classes, and at the funeral on Saturday there was an immense gathering of people. All the officers and men of the Colonel's regiment who could possibly get away attended, and other local corps as well as regular forces were represented. The band of the regiment and the bands of the Ist Durham Engineers and the Tyne Submarine Miners accompanied the men, who would number about LOO. There were also present a large number of civic and commercial friends of Colonel Dodds in Newcastle, including the Lord Mayor, the Deputy Lord Mayor, and the Sheriff. The employees of Messrs. Johnson, Dodds and Co., of whom the deceased gentleman was managing director, also attended. The chief mourners included the sons of the deceased and Air. James Dodds and Mrs. Marshall (Bolton), the only surviving brother and sister ovt of a family of fourteen. Full military honours attended the last rites at St. Andrew's Cemetery, three volleys being fired and the " Last Post" sounded after the committal service.

At the time he received the sad news that his brother was dying Mr. James Dodds was enjoying a much-nee 'led holiday at sea. The telegram reached him at Portree, Isle of Skye, but he was unable to get toNewcastle before Col Dodds died. We are sure gr. Dodds' many friends inlWarrington will sympathise with him in his bereavement. It is a pleasure to add that he benefited by the sea-trip and that he is in much better health than he has been during the winter.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VOLUNTEER PEKE MEETING.

MORE RESULTS.

The annual prize meeting was continued on Saturday and Monday, at Appleton Rifle Range, and the follow- ing further results have been obtained :

SERGEANTS' COMPETITION. Sergt. T. Richardson ... 41 Sergt. J. Hesketh „ S. Thomson 29 „ F. Widocks 22 „ T. Connoi. „ E. Barber 23 CORPORALS' COMPETITION.

L.-Cpl. C. Taylor 2 Cpl. J. Barker

PRIVATES' COMPETITION.

Pte. H. Woolsteneroft... 42 Pte. H. Gould 26 „ W. Coakley „ G. Knight 3B ~H. Wright ...... ... 25 „ E. Melling 36 „ W. Rench „ J. Smith 3O „ A. J. Melling 22 „ F. Brown „ W. Savage 2B „ A. Malkin „ C. Dandy „ G. Heath

BEST SHOT COMPETITION. .:14 The following are some of the top scores :-1

Sergt. E. Howard 32 Pte. W. Seniar 24 Cr. Sgt. W. Woods '3O ~ H. Watkins Sgt. Dr. J. W. Plinston 29 Sergt. A. Woods Pte. J. Spence 29 „ D. Ridyard Sergt. J. Massey .29 „ E. Widocks „ J. Lloyd Corp' F. Allen Pte. P. Hanglin. . 2B „ T. Houghton L.-Cpl. P. Wright 2B L.-Cpl. J. Boyle Pte. S. Knight Sergt. C. Thoruley Sergt. W. Roberts Pte. R. Allen 27 Sergt. P. Maginn 23 Br. J. Jolley Q.M.S. J. T. Bennion 26 Sergt. G. Fogg 23 „ J. Wilcock Sergt. T. Inca Corpl. F. Holland Sergt. T. Connor 23 Pte. J. Mason Pts. W. Miller Sergt. R. Rigby Cr. Sergt. T. Jolley 25 Pte. W. Payton 22 L.-Cpl. C. Allen Pte. J. Millett „W. Aitken Cr. Sergt T. Ashworth 24 L.-Cpl. C. Dendy 22 Sergt A. Hampson No complete results as to winners of any competi- tion can be published until the final in the Best Shot Competition has been decided.

===== 0002601_19070601_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS.

Latest Quotations. BANK RATE 41/.. SETTLING DAY JUNE larfr 1907. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOON. Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day. BRITISH FUNDS. £ Consols 21% 100 ...84i 21% Annuities 100 -.911 21% Annuities 100 —Bll Nt. War Loan 21% Red 1910 lOO ...93 Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO —9543 Bank of England Stock lOO ...266 India Stock 100 ...931 HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian lOO ...97 Glasgow & S.-W. Pref. urd. ' lOO ...61 Great Central Deferred lOO ...131 Great Central Preferred lOO _241 Great Eastern 100 ...711 Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO -.391 , Great Western lOO ...124. Lancashire and Yorkshire lOO ...100 London, Brighton & South Coast 100 —lO6 London Chatham and Dover 100 .121 , Londonand North-Westera lOO _l4ll Loudon and South-Western lOO ...145 Metropolitan Midland Def. Convd. Ord 100 ...62 Do. Pref. Convd Ord 100 —631 North British 100 _321 North Eastern Consols.. 100 ...136 North Staffordshire lOO ...97 South Eastern 100 ...77 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific 100 ...174 Grand Trunk of Canada lOO —3Ol Do. Guaranteed 100 ...1001 Do. Ist Pref. lOO —ll7l Do. 2nd Pref 100 _llOl Do. 3rd Pref lOO -.69 . BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 .38 Lancashire and Yorkshire lO ...352t London and County ‘,O .92/ London and Westminster 90 .521 Manchester and County l7 ...581 Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 ...431 Parrs 90 .841 Union of London 151 -.36 Union of Manchester ll -.27 Williams Deacons 8 .25/ BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffe and Greeton 5% Cum. Pref. lOO ...1011; Bell and Co. Ord lO .101 Bents Brewery Ord, lO ...4 Boddington's Ord 10 ...7i Chester's Ord Groves & Whitnal 5% Cum. Pref 10 ...1 Minness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. lOO ...570 Parker's Burslem Ord. 10 _9l Springwell Ord 10 ...6 Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO —2l Walker (P.) & Son 5% Cum Pref 10 ...9f TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE Anglo American Telegraph Ord lOO —62/ Nat. Telephone Pref. Ord 6% lOO —lOB/ do. Def. Ord. lOO ...106 do. Ist Pref. 6% lO ...12i do. 2nd Pref. Minimum 6% lO .101 Nat. felephone 31% Deb. Stock lOO ...97 TRAMWAYS. Blackpool & Fleetw'd Trarnroad -AO —l2l British Electric Traction Ord. lO ...n Southport Tramways 5 —3/ INDUSTRIALS, &c Beyer, Peacock & Co. 51% Cam. Pref. 1 -.16,1 Bleachers Asso. 5i Cam. Pref. 1 _2l/3 Boy. Ord. (7% Cora.) 1 Bradford Dyers Ord 1 Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Pref. 1 ...21/S British Insulated and Helsby Cables Ord 5 ...7 British Insulated and Helsby Cables 6% Cum. Pref 5 -.5; Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ord, _5l Brunner Mona and Co. Ltd. 7% Pref. lO —l7} Buxton Lime Firms lO ...81 Calico Printers Ordinary 1 ...14/3 Castner Kellner Alkali 1 ...24/6 Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary 1 .61 Crosfleld (J.) & Sons, 5% Cum Pre. Prof. 10 —lOl Crosfields, 4f% Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. Crosifield, 41,4 ' A ' D.hen lOO ...99 xd. 100 -.931 • English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 ...8470 Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO do. do. do. do. B 8 —6/ iC Fletcher Russell St Co., Ltd., Ordl -.2810 Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., 6% Cum. Pref lO .121 4% Dehs. Red. 100 .97 Hunters the Teamen Ord 1 ...36/0 Lever Brothers, 5% Corn. Prof. 10 _lo* Lipton Ordinary 1 —2l/0 Meldrnm Bros., 5% Pref. 1 —l3/6 Mond Nickel Co., Ltd., Ord. 1 ...59/0 do. do 7% Cum. Pref. 5 ...6i Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cum Prof. 5 ...44 Nantyglo & Blaina 8% Prof. 621 -.76 Pearson & Knowles, Ord 5 —44 do. do. 6% Cum. Prof. 5 .61 Public Benefit Boot 6% Corn. Pref.s —4l Perrins Ltd. Ord. 1 —2/0 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter Ord -.3910 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter 6% Corn. Prof. 4 ...6 Salt Union Ordinary United Alkali Ordinary lO ...87/6 do. do. 7% Cum. Pref. lO ...ill do. do. Deb. lOO .112 Vulcan Foundry 1 ...2 8/6 Wigan Coal & Iron Co., Ltd.... .....71 ...7 do. do. do. do. do. lO ...91 Warrington Land & Property Co., Ltd. Ord 1 do. do. do B Shares Warrington and District Billpost- ing & Advt. Co., Ltd. l7/6 ...17/6 SHIP CANAL Man Ship Canal Ord. lO —2310 do. do. do. Perpl. 5% Pref 10 ...33/3 MINES. British South Africa (Char,' 1 ...26/0' Charter Trust and Agency 1 —ll/3 Cons. Goldfield of S A 1 —3l East Rand Proprietary 1 ...4 Hendersons Johannesburg Consolidated 1 .. 22,ig Kaffirs Consolidated 1 ...19/0 Oceanas 1 -.17/0 Rand Mines 5/- ... 6 Randfonteins 1 .30/0 Rhbdesia Exploration 1 ... 29/0 Tanganyika Transvaal Estates —l2/3 The above list and prices have been compiled by. Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Co., Stock and Share brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, and will be found reliable.

-17/0

===== 0002601_19070601_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
PRETTY LOCAL WEDDING.

The Runcorn Parish Church was the scene of a pretty 'wedding last week the contracting parties being Mr.. W. Simonds, of Southwood House, Atberstone, Warwickshire, and Miss Mary Wood, third daughter of Mr. Henry Wood, of Trentham-street, Runcorn. The- bride is well known in the town, and the interesting ceremony was witnessed by a large congregation. The officiating minister was the Rev. R. J. B. Morgan. The- bride, who was given away by her father, looked 'harm- ing in a dress of cream voile, trimmed with lace, surmounted by a hat of cream crinoline straw, trimmed with ostrich feathers and orange blossoms. She- also carried an exquisite shower bouquet of lilies and roses, the gift of the bridegroom. There were three bridesmaids in attendance. Miss E. Simonds (sister of the bridegroom) was prettily attired in pale heliotrope- with hat to match, and she carried a bouquet of cream roses. Miss May Wood (sister of the bride), and Miss Nellie Johnson, wore dresses of pretty delaine. with picture hats to match and each carried a basket of yellow marguerite:3 and lilies of the valley. Mr. J. Simonds, brother of the bridegroom, acted as best man. —Later in the day the happy couple left for Derby- shire, where the honeymoon will be spent •

Marriages. HA YES—WlLLramsoN—May 23rd, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. T. W. Barber, Henry Hayes to Elizabeth Williamson. McCoY—BuRLAND—:qay 26th, at the Pariah Church, Warrington, by the Rev T. A. J. Ridpath, John McCoy, Sarah Ann Burland.

Warrington.—Printed and published by .70FIN WALKHR & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Worker Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road Wrntas : 32, George-street, ST. HELMS: 3, Market- treet, EA.RLJESToWN; Church-street RuNcosbis MAI 2)Li.,1907.

===== 0002601_19070601_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BE WS BY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH. wARRINGTON. ON SUNDAY NEXP, JUNE 2ND, 1907. Morning 10 30: Rev. E. J. GAWNB. Evening 6 30: E. J. GUEST. Heo, BA.. J.P. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

1 OR ARTIFICIAL TEETH AND THEIR ACCOMPANYING PROCESSES CONSULT W. J. BARNES. 54, LEGII STREET, WARRINGTON.

BAPTIST C HU RC 11, LATCHFORD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JUNE 2ND, 1907. PREACHER JOHN FRANCIS MATTHEWS. Morning 10 30: " Leading Betrlne ideas. Evening 6 "Th. child the father to the man." OFFERTORIES.

PRIMITIVE 14.THODIST CHURCH., LEGH ST.—. A CENIEN &HY CAMP MEETING WILL BE HELD ON SUNDAY AFTERNOON AIT 3 O'CLOCK ON WASTE GROUND, NEAR BEWSET BRIDGE. SPEAKERS: Rev. C. L. STOWE, Messrs. ATKIN & SMITH. Leh St. Brass Band will play Selections of the Old Hymns.

NEW BRIGEITON.—SCH()OL TREATS AND PARTIES CATERED FOR BY HEMINGWAY, BAKER, VICTORIA ROAD. Booms and Utensils on Hire; accommodation about 400 Opposite Tower Entrance. Egerton et— New Brighton.

U7YCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWSEY STREETVY , WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JUNE 2ND, 1907. PREACHER: REV. J. YONG% 10.30 AD 6.30. USUAL OFFERTORIES. N.B.—The Ordinance of the Lord's Supper will be observed after the Evening Service. I3APTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JUNE 2ND. PREACHER: STUDENT, (Baptist College, Manchester). MoRRING 10.45. EVENING 6.30 Hymn Books provided. liverybosly welsosee. Thursday evening 7.30. Preacher: Rev. John Yonge.

BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET. PUBLIC SERVICE THURSDAY NEXT, JUNE 6TEr, lIIW. JOHN YONGE WILL PREACH AT 7.30. AprER WHICH THERE WILL BE PRESENTATION AN OAK COMMUNION TABLE IN MEMORY or THE LANE MR. THOMAS HALL. THE Gur or THE INDEPENDENT ORDER OF REOHABITES.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT FREE CHURCH COUNCIL. ON SUNDAY EVENING NEXT, JUNE 2ND. A UNITED OPEN-AIR SERVICE var.r. BE HELD AT 8 O'CLOCK IN CORPORATION ST., BY THE MARKET HALL. SPEAKERS :—CHARLBS E. PARKER, RN. REV. C. L. STOWE. JOHN FRANCIS MATTHEWS. Singing will be led by the United P. M. and S. A. Bands, Hymn Books Provided. BOLD STREET W E*6LEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JUNE 2ND, 1907. SERMONS WILL BE PREACHED AT 10.30 A.M. & 6.30 P.M. BY REV. PERCY AINS WORTH (OF MANCHESTER.) SPECIAL ANTHEMS AND HYMNS in CHOIR AND CHILDREN. SOLOISTS AT HACH SERVICE. IN THE ArTERNOON AT 2.30. A FLOWER SERVICE WILL BE RED, °RAHMAN &LDEEIMA.N W. J. FORSHAW, SPEAKER: J. C. B. PERCY. EMI. (0Y MANCHESTER). Collections at each service in aid of Sunday School.

INFIRMARY BAZAAR AND FETE, HILL CLIFFE, JUNE 19, 20, 21, 22.

W ARRINGTON & DISTRICT AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY. PRIGUDENT : LIE GILBERT GRERNALL. BART. VICE-PRE/033MT : COLONEL LEGE. xBth ANNUAL SHOW TO BE HELD IN WALTON PARK, NEAR WARRINGTON. ON THURSDAY, 15nir AUGUST, 1907. PRIZES, CUPS AND MEDALS value £7OO. JUMPERS, TURNOUTS, SHIRES, HUNTERS, CATTLE, Ac., Ac. Prize List, 10., may be obtained from the Secretary, H. BERESPORD MELVILLE, Estate Office, Bold et., Warrington.

49 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. .45 (Next door J. R. Young's. Chemist), TRE BRITISII AND CONTINENTAL ARTISTS, AGENCY (PROVINCIAL) RAVE NOW ON tX HI BITION AND ON PRIVATE SALE CWithin the above Premises) a Magnificent Assemblage of upwards of 350 High-class bit PAINTINGS AND WATER COLOUR DRAWINGS (By BRITISH AND CONTINENTAL ARTISTS OF REPUTE). ,The Collection embraces it A Royal Procession," by A. J. Tilsley (Royal Academy 1904) ; "Across the Ferry," by Yeend ; "Now Comes Still Evening on," by (the e) J. Horace Hooper; "On the Look Out," by Chas. .atiaart . tt Rescued " by Burtnn Barber ; " Evening on the Ver Glass," by All. de Breanski ; and cltver examples by L. R. Miles (Exhibitor Royal Academy), H. J. Kinnairi, J. A ,WardleWOrtb, D. Bherrin, G. Leslie, Harry Pennell, , ,Fcc" Icc* • and many ;fine examples by Cmtinental INXbibito.rs. IiVERY PICTURE GUARANTEED TO BR THE ACTUAL WORK OF TliE ARTIST AS SIGNED. CONSIDE Nn),LE liliDUl7l toms witt tie weskit, off ifs-ti3Lo Prices, and although the collection is one of unnsual merit 'containing works ranging in value from 10s. Ed. to E 260 each) the pictures will be sold to any REASONABLE OFFERS in grder to make room at the various galleries and studios for Pring Exhibits. This is an opportunity of enriching your collection with Renuine works of art at practically your own prices, and Mould NOT BE MISSED. As the Exhibition will only remain open for a short time, tending visitor and purchasers should make an early call. Den 10 am"to 10 p.m. This day and following few days Only. MILLIS ABRAHA.MS for Arflets' Agency.

THE WHITE CI Y, (OLD TRAFFORD), MANCHESTER. UNABATED SUCCESS. FREE ATTRACTIONS. ThLe Greatest and Most Brilliant Illuminations in the World. sp",o Most ArtiAirally Laii-out Gardens. Aule largest and most beautiful Fairy Fountain on Earth. 4.he Fir,est Bands in the World (secured at enormous expense). WEEK ENDING, JUNE 18T. FULL BAND OF THE NORTHUMBERLAND H USSARS uNDARSUN DIRRCTION OF M. 11. G. AXERS, °MBLIENCING MoNDAY, JUNE 3m, AND DAILY 11 L.A DURING THE WEEK, NCHESTER CITY MILITARY BAND DIRIICTOR AND CONDUCTOR, MR. B. C. STEPHENS. c.CIAL AT TRACTION, JUNE 4m, 5-Tu AND eTH. GREAT SUMMER FLOWER SHOW. 4.4„. 1/474111DEN3 A WEALTH OF NATURAL & FLORAL BEAUTIES. 40,000 ELECTRIC A VHRI TABLE FAIRYLAND. TiiE MAGNIFICENT BALLROOM, YNDERTHE DIRRCTION OF Mn. TOM W•LTOK, M.C. ALWAy4 OPEN. /X.PRNCE. NO EXTRAS. A HOST OF ADDITIONAL ATTRACTIONS. The IMPORTANT NOTICE'- Nth RES TAURA NT, TEA ROOMS AND TEA GARDENS, THaerto in the hands of Contractors, ARE NOW UN DER \NI Hlithi-T CONTROL AND MANAGEMENT OF THE Ta CITY COMPANY. Reuuced prices. Perfect rganisation. Service Unsurpassed. 4MPLIt ACCOMMODATION FOR CYCLES AND 4 AUIOMOBTLRF. OPEN DAILY FROM 12..?0 TO 11.0 P.M. TEN SOURS' CONIINUOUS AMUSEMENT. ADMISION P,IXPENCE.

rrHE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON IS PRBPARBD to RERCEIVII LOANS, either at six months notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER. Municipal Offices, Warrington.

POPULAR TRIPS to PARES, Switzerland, I Belgium, Scotland, Wales, personally conducted by FELIX MILLS, 163 D, Lee at., Oldham. Particulars, stamp. BIRKBE CK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN, W.C. 2i PER CENT. INTEREST allowed on Deposit Accounts. 2 PER CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Accounts with Cheque Book. All General Banking Business Transacted. ALMANACK, WITH FULL PARTICULARS, POST FREE. C. P. li&VIIISts0110FT, SRCHRTABY

Ai R. T. WALSEI and FAMILY wish to return 1.11.. THANKS to all their friends who have sent wreaths and expressed their sympathy during their recent bereave_ ments. Crown and Sceptre Inn, Butiscrmarket•street, Warrington.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per OZ. 00VERLETTE I TAILS OF FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURE FROM 3/8 EACH. HAIR. 15/6 T S BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL. 0 OBTAIN /FOR% HMEALEC NURSES OLDEST ESTABLISHED NURSES' INSTITUTION IN THE NORTH OF SNOLAND. HOPE HOUSE, HOPE ST., LIVERPOOL. Telephone: 2570 Royal. Telegrams " Nurses," Liverpool. PRIVATE HOSPITAL FOR GENTLEMEN.

TO PROPERTY OWNERS AND OTHERS. WILLIAM HARTILL, PAINTER, PAPERHANGER & DECORATOR, 177, LONGFORD STREET, (Orr ORFORD LANE), WARRINGTON. REASONABLE CHAREIBS. DISTANCE NO OBJECT.

TO BANDSMEN & OTHERS. NOW IS TRH TIME TO SEND YOUR REPAIRS TO R. J. WARD & SONS, 10, ST. ANNE ST., LIVERPOOL, MANUFACTURERS OF MILITARY & BRASS BAND INSTRUMENTS, FIFBS AND DRUMS. BUOLES, CONWIRTINAS. ACCOBDEONS, Ac. REPAIRS (by experenced workmen) A SPECIALITY. Moderate charges. Returned quickly. Band stands Is. 9d. Estimates free. Don't delay but send on at once to 10 ST. ANNE ST., LIVERPOOL.

GRAMOPHONE• APR IL RECORDS, Battishinl Records, Z onophon es latest Records. Thomas Edison April Records in Stock. Don't miss the HARP SOLO, Braga's Serenade. A musical treat. Every Record published in stock at JAKE GRAHAM'S, 76, RENSHAW STREET, AND 271. PARK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Telephones 56X and 431 X Royal. Open Bank Holidays.

WARRINGTON INFIRMARY EXTENSION SUBSCRIPTIONS TO DATE. 2 s. d. Employees of Messrs. Rylands Bros. Ltd l5O 0 0 (Total contt ibuted and promised 300) Warrington Musical Society Employees of Messrs. The Pearson and Knowles Coal anti Iron Co. Ltd. (12th monthly contribution) A Friend 2l 0 0 Messrs. Thos. Locker and Co., Ltd lO 10 0 May Day Horse Procession, per Mr. A. H Clive Mr. Daniel Cooper I 1 0 Contributions to Mrs. J. H. Pickmere's fund, per Mrs. W. E. Atkin, hon. treasurer : Fairfield School The Women's Guild, Penketla Mr. Backhouse .............. Mr.. F. W Monks Mrs. Henry Roberts Mrs. Almond 1 0 0 Mrs. H. Britch Miss E. Britch 1 0 0 Mrs. Brooks Mr. B. Cross 1 0 0 Mrs. Owen Mrs. J. H Rtcdardson. Small sums Amount previously acknowledged 11,721 1 9 £12,046 4 6

SMOKE aIIDLOW'S " OLD BOYS" TOBACCO. COOL AND LASTING. 6D. PER OUNCE is. in. PER LB. TIN; 6s. PER LB. T. SUDLOW Sr. CO.. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS, 15, WINWICK ST., & 65, BUTTERMARKET ST, TELEPHONE 414 Y. WARRINGTON.

TWO GOOD PIANOS FOIL SALH. One by Hilton and Hilton, now in use at the Parr Hall. One by Wm. Barnes, Ltd.. now In use at Bold Street School. APPLY : WADS WORTH'S, 69. BAISIKBY-STELBET, WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1876. FAMOUS 1 R & P 9 1907 CYCLE. two rel., lip, 1 • FROM X.A.) TO ..,tatiat-. CYCLISTS INSPECT THE I & R p , AA) B. & P. SPEED MODEL. For Highest-class Workmanship, Quality. and Finish, see the 7 6 fl, & p 'I?, &I' 1907 MODELS. CATALOGUES FREE. `R &P' ROBINSONt & PRIcE, DKPOT :-39. Will rECHAPHI. i p & p , Works & 1 43, PEMBROKE PLACE, • s.) Garaage f LSVERPOOL- -2162 Central. Telephone Nos. t 2682 Royal. RHPAIRS.—AII makes Renovated, Plated and Enamelled in our famous ' k and F' Finish. Two and Three Speed Gears Fitted.

I IVERPOOL & NOIOIII WALES REGUCAR Jj DAILY SAILINGS at 10.45 a.m. From Prince'a Stage (weither &c., permitting). livery Day. by ST. BLVIRS, for LLANDUDNO, BRAUMARIS, BANGOR and MENAI BRIDGE, due back 7.30 p.m. HEW{ t. AILINGS : Week End Trip Saturdays at 52.15 p.m.. returning early following Monday. due Liverpool at 10.30 a.m. For Fares, /to.. apply Inverpool and Nort., Walea Steamship Co., 7. G. Brew. Sec , 40. Mr:pet-street, Liverpool. Tel. 6366. Official Guide. Poet freg 38. - _ ANGLANDe SAILINGS TO GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. 'PRINCESS LOUISE " OR OTHER STEAMER. From LIVERPOOL F:om GLASGOW (Clarence Dock.) (Berths No. 22-28, North Side) June let 2 p.m. Thurs. June 4th 2 p.m. *6.10 p.m. Thurs. June 6th 7 p.m. Sat. June Bth 2 p.m. *4.35 p.m. Tues. June 11th 8 p.m. Thurs. June 13th 2 p.m. *4.15 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). Special reduced through tickets from Warrington, tt bines dm. Single. let Class and Cabin 110. 61.;Single, 3rd Class and Steerade 6s. Return (valid for two months) let Class and Cabin 18a. ; 3rd Class and Cabin. 17s. 110 TE.—The above fares include the railway journey between Greenock and Glasgow (Central). rpecial 14 days Excursion Tickets : Cabin 14a., Steerage Is. 3d. M. LANGLANDQ AND SONS, 14, CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER. 10, RUMFORD PLACE, LIVERPOOL.

ANCASHIRE COUTY ASYLUM, WINWICK, 1J WARRINGTON. —The COMMITTMt of VISITORS INVITE TENDRRS for the supply of HOUSE COAL and SLACK from the Ist July next to 30th June, 1908. T•nders must be made on forms which can be obtained from the undersigned, and must be delivered at the Asylum not later than 9 a.m. on Wednesday, the 'l2th June next. The Committee do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender, and reserve to themselves the right to accept or reject the whole or part of any teruier.—By order, HENRY ELLIS, 28th May, 1907. Clerk and Steward.

COUNTY BOROUGH ARRINUTO N.— EDUCATION COMMITTRa• SCHOOL OF ART— HUAI:MASTER. driplications are invited for the post of Head-master of the School of Art. The remuneration is to he a fixed salary at the rate of £225 per annum. together with a grant of 10s. for each paper in excess of 125, worked hy the students of the school at the Board of Education's annual Art examinations, the total maximum salary not to exceed £3OO per annum. The successful candidate will be required to commence his duties by not later than the Ist September, 1937. Canvassing members of the Committee. personally or otherwise, will disqualify the candidate concerned. This regulation will be strictly observed. Forms of application (which must be returned by not !.ter than the sth June, 1907) and further particulars caa be obtained from Education Office, J. MOORE MURRAY, M. Sc.. Sankey 3t.. Warrington. Eecretary and Director. 23rd May, 1907.

DUBLIN, ALSO ENGLISH LAKES. TBDCASTLH LINK. 5.9. " BLACK/WOK," "CUMBRIA," " BBLANA." and " ADHLA," from SOUTH Side. NHLSON DOCK. Liverpool, livery '1 uesday Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, to DUBLIN. Itetursi Saloon, 10s. ; Steerage, ss. with Cheap lixoursion Tickets ItVStIY SAILING. DAY, to Bray, Wicklow, AVOCA, 80., and on Fridays and Saturdays to Killarney, Cork, Bundoran, Warrenpoint, 10s. heturn saloon to Dublin, or Ils, including admission to Irish International Bxhibition. 1-r Fast ' BLACK ROCK" every Tuesday and Friday from Liverpool, and every Monday and Wednesiay from Dublin. SPHCIAL ROUND till& TRIP, per "Cumbria," livery Saturday, to Whitehaven. giving 3 days for Hoglisn Lakes. thence to Dublin. and back to Liverpool (6 days, or within 2 months). saloon. 2 s. Apply THDCASTLH, McCORMICK & CO., L 7 D., Liver- pool, Telegtams, " Tedcastle." Telephone 1193 and 170.

ABSTRACT OF RECEIPTS AND PAYMENTS BY 'ME RURAL DISTRICC COUNCIL OF WARRINGTON. FOR THE HALF-YEAB ENDED THE 315 T blascH, 1937. RECEIPTS. EXPENDITURE. £ a. d. £ s. d. E a. d. Balance brought forward 1447 4 3 Maintenance and Repair of Main Roads 1176 17 8 Contributions from Overseers for Improvement of Main Roads .. 382 12 9 General Expenses Contributions from Overseers for Main Roads . Special Expenses 420 4 6 Improvement of Roads other than Main Roads... 150 8 1 Agricultural Rates Act 1896 Repair of County Bridges 2 0 1 General Expenses Special Expenses l3 3 6 239 710 Salaries Account Public Health — Lancashire County Council— Payments to other Local Authorities In respect or Maintenance of Main in respect of Highways— Roads 2279 9 2 Main Roads In respect of County Bridges & Roads 18 10 0 Secondary Roads 2 0 0 In respect of Medical Officer of District Roads 2 0 0 20 0 0 Health - In respect of Inspector of Nuisances 75 0 0 2447 19 2 Sewerage and Sewage Disposal Works -- 0 19 0 Cost of Disinfectants Private Improvement Works lO 12 10 Cemetery (Rixton) .. Rixton Cemetery 5 10 0 Public Lighting l5 0 0 Fees including Nees for Licenses 81 8 1 65 16 7 Miscellaneous Receipts and Tranfers 1 15 6 Notification of Infectious Diseases Fees for List of Births and Deaths 1 18 11 Private Improvement Works Loans Repayment and Interest Establishment Charges* 173 7 1 Corporation of Warrington— Public Lighting Water Account 6 7 9 . General Account OlO 0 105 811 --- Other Payments, viz. Analysis, &c. 9 16 8 Balance 1968 14 9 £6477 8 4 £6477 8 4 I *Printing and Stationery. Rents, Rates Insurances, Stamp I Duties, Legal Expenses &c.. &o. The Accounts from which the foregoing part'culars have been abstracted were audited during the week ended 28th day of May, 1907, by B. W. hicks, Esq., District Auditor. J. C. SUTTON, 29th May, 1907. Clerk to the Council. -

FOR REALLY GOOD TAILORING, WHETHER LADIES' OR GENTLEMEN'S, GO TO H. S. PAGE & CO., 74, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. WE STUDY YOUR WANTS AND LAY OURSELVES OUT TO SUPPLY THEM

ESTABLISHED 1838. . RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prises. Ito. Terms Moderate. REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYER OF PICTURES BY WATTS. ROSSETTI, and BURNE-JONIIS. AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

ORDER NOW, STYLISI-I SUITS FOR WALKING DAY, GRAIK, 36, BUTTERMIIIMICALTIaI,EET,

Telephone 197. J. M. Greenhaigh & Co. Ltd. Branaz STREET, vsuknitxMOTON.

UP-TO-DATE, SMART and INEXPENSIVE FURNISHERS. See our Leading Lines.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, SICKNESS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY, BURGLARY AND FIDELITN GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO, CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £1,003,000 CLAIMS PAID £5,000,010 64, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. &gents required In unrepresented ciistricts. AGENTS s Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Bridge St „ Mr. W.H. RlGHEY.Nesscliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latchford St Helens Mr. J. 13. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr. BILLINGE The Willows Sandwich M. F. 3. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

PIERPOINT AND CO., PRIZE MEDAL BAKERY, 125, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. BEST HOUSEHOLD BREAD. SPECIAL VALUE IN FLOUR Is. in. PER DOZ. SHLF-HATSING FLOUR. HARD TO BRAT.

UfED DES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFSRED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND 18. BD.I EACH IWHoLRBLLz Br J. GEDDES & pos, LTD;, WARRINGTON. BsTABLIsHED 1833. RELIANCE PHONOGRAPHS. 9[l RELIANCE I ALKING r ACHINES WHOLESALE AGENTS FOR T A. EDISON PHONOGRAPHS. 50,000 RECORDS LARGEST STOCK. Wholesale Catalogues. CH HAP HST PRICES. Relilnee Great Stores. Cash or 21. per week. 29 AND 31, MANCHETTER STREET, LIVhIRPOOL. CYCLE AND MOTOR ENGINEERS. Estab. 1881 Telephone Central 5822.

fa A .I.U.AOBEL" RAZORS ' ARE THE AC E OF PERFECTION. SHBFFIIIL MAK% WAILBANTBD. POST FRBB 2a. Eid., 35., 48. ,BD., AND 6s. 0113 J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANB,vLIVBHPOOL. Made An€l Ground By English Labour.

LEFT-OFF CLOTHING, &c., BOUGHT.—BEST PRIOE for parcels forwarded ; if not approved Goods Returned, CARE( AG It PAID. Second-hand DRESS SUITS, MILITARY, THEATRICAL. BAND UNIFORMS, LIVERIES, ARMY TENTS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRICE. LADIES' EVF.NING DRES3ES, COSToMES, BLOUSES. GENT'S FUR-LINED and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTEAUS, etc., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY 'IROUSERS,SHIETS,BLUCHERS.WELLING CONS, CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLIOSI CAPES. GORMAN'S, 326, 328, and 340, Deanegate, Manchester. Established 50 Years. Telephone 211. 4138.

VRAN KB Y HOUSE SCHOOL, HOY LAKE, ClißSHlßE.—Principals : Miss CHAPMAN and fdiss GREEN. Rdueation on best modern lines. PrepsrAtion for Examinations. Resident Foreign Governess. Neat term begins May Btb.

KIRK FIEL D, NEWTON-LR-WILLOWS.— BOARDING and DAY SOI3OOL FOR GIRLS; Boys received up to ten years of are. Summer term begins April Bth. at 2 o'clock. A full term's notice required before the removal of a pupil.—Principals: Miss G. HARTLRY and Miss M. L. PROK.

SUUTti PORI' MODERN SCHOOL.—AN IDEAL SCHOOL FOR BOYS. First-class education. good home. and healthy swrroundings. Swimming, Gymnastics, Cadet Company, and Rifle Range. Foreign boys received. Usually full. Prospectus from PaPrcirst..

CTOCKTON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTON HRATH,WARRINGTON (3 minutes from Car Terminus) DAY AND BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, KINDERGARTEN. PREPARATORY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Large House, extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses Great successes in Examinations. PROSPECTUS, References ansl Views on application to THE MISSRS PARTINGTON, PRINCIPALS.

Roales bp glutton.

TO BM SOLD BY AUCTION by MR. ROBERT LOWB, at the Blue Bell Inn, Horsemarket-street, Warrington, on Wednesday, the 12th Jane, 1907. at 4 °Wolk prompt, subject to the conditions of sale to be then produced. A SBMI-DBTACHBD DWIILLING-HOUSB and Build- ings. with pleasant garden, called "Boseneath," Marlborough Crescent, Latchford. Leasehold for 999 years from 1906. Ground rent £lO 10s. per annum. For further particulars apply to the Auctioneer, Bank at., Warrington, or to WOODS & SON, Solicitors, Warrington.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, A VALUER Office and Salerooms No, I. BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 65. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR BALE. New and SPoond-band Furniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture, Ito— warehoused. BY MR. JOHN MAGINN.

IMPORTANT TO FURNITURE DEALERS, BROKERS, AND HOPSHHOLDHRS 10 DAYS SALE BY AUCIION without reserve of the whole of the Manufacturer's Stocks of HOUSEHOLD FURNI- TURE Ike., ac., at Royal Court Salerooms, Rylands street. Warrington, on May 29, 30, 31, June Ist., 3,4, 5,6, 7 and 8. Entire Stock must be cleared hy last day of Sale, June Bth. H. JOHN MAGINN WILL SELL BY AUCTION, iv_i without reserve, on the above dates, these enormous stocks of Household Furniture, Bedsteads, Bedding, Carpets, Rugs, Oilcloth, binoleum, Fenders, Bed Clothing, Pianos, Organs, Wass, China, Ironmongery, Bar Fittings, Office and I Library Furniture, Clocks, Bronzes, Lace Curtains, Table Linen, Cutlery, Toiletware, and Plated Goods. In order to meet the requirements of buyers of large or small lots, the goods, when convenient will he offered singly, leaving the purchasers the option of taking any number they may require; and any article may be put up for sale on any day at any time they are asked for by intending purchasers. The value of Stock exceeds £4,700. To be sold without (verve. I :Elites of Bedroom Furniture i Broadwood White,Cramer in oak, mahogany and Norbury ; Organs by the walnut, by the best Eng- noted makers; Farrand lish makers. and Votey, Malcolm, Pairs of Washstands and , Ac., Ac. Drersing Tables with ' Overmantels with bevelled marble slabs and back, plates, in mahogany, oak, swing bevel plate toilet and walnut, Sheraton and glasses of the latest Chippendale patterns. deLigns and finish. Wringing, Washing and Chests of Drawers in walnut Mangling Machines, and mahogany. Sewing Machines by Jones, SideLoatc,a ir rat).-zar v.; zilua....-, w 1,,,,tec aa...., aaa.,auc and oak. ! Wllson, Vertical Feed Co.. 1 Telescope Dining Tables in ! and other standard 1 sizes from 6ft., Bft., and i makers. 14ft. long, with massivq, Hat Stsnds and Hall Stands legs and loose leaves, in in walnut, mahogany and walnut, oak and mahog- oak. Hall Chairs, An., /to. any. Roll-t-p Office and Writing Kitchen Tables, Dressers of Desks. lall sizes. and Chairs. Old English Secretaries in Bedroom Cane-bottom Chairs Chi ppendr.le, Sheraton I American and Austrian Bent- and mahogany. i waod Chairs ac. Bookcases and Chiffoniers in 1 Rocking and Arm Chairs, walnut and mahogany. Commode Chairs, Sc. Kitchen Fenders ez Firelrons Taproom Stools, Bentwood Brass and Brass-mounted and Piano Stools. Curbs. Fenders, Ashpans, Suites of Dining-room, Draw- /to.. dice. ing-room, Sitting-room, Sets of Fire Brasses and Fire and Parlour Furniture in Screens. Sheraton, Chippendale, 1,500 yards of Linoleum and antique, and modern Inlaid Linoleum. styles, upholstered in Oilcloth. Stair and Lobby morocco. roan, leather, Cloths. saddlebags. velvet, silk, Brussels, Axminzter,Oriental tapestry and hair seating. and Tapestry Carpets, Cabinets in mahogany, from 3yds. to byds. square Chippendale and walnut. Wool Rugs, Hearth hugs. Pier Glasses and Chimney Glasses. Axminster and Oriental Rugs. Door Mats, eze.atc. Bmes Bedsteads, Frenola and 8-day and 14-day Regulator Parisian styles. Iron and Brass Bedsteads. Alarum, Marble, and Fancy Wood Bedsteads in Sheraton Clocks. Clocks. and Chippendale styles. Occasional Tables, Flower also oak, walnut, and mahogany. Stands, Ac.. Pairs Vases ond Ornaments, Wire Mattresses and Hair Trinket Sets, Ac. Mattresses. Sets Toilet Ware. Wool Mattresses and Feather China Tea Sets, Crown Beds Derby, Royal Worsester. Wool Flock Beds. Bolsters, Minton, Venetian, and Pillows, Ac.. Ac. Bohemian Ware. Pianos and Organs. ranging 1,000 pairs Lace Curtains. in value from 25 to 100 A large quantity of Table guineas, by Brinsmead. Linen, Bee Clothing, Collard and Collard, Eiderdown Quilts, Ficatc, The above enormous stock of Household Furniture will taa offered for Sale by Auotion without reserve The stock is valued at over £4,700. The goods were purchased for the Vendor's usual trade, and will be Guaranteed Perfect in every way unless otherwise described at time of sale. Entire stock must b. cleared before the Bth June. Sale by Auction to commence each day at 2-30 and 7-30 p.m. Sale by Private Treaty from 9. a.m, to 2-30 p.m. each day. For further particulars apply to— MR. JOHN MaGINN, ROYAL COURT SALEROOMS, ItYLANDS ET., WARRINGTON.

poultn), Oggs, eft. • Gs. —Black Minorcas, Hunter's celebrated strain,2s. 64. -121 sitting ;by poet carriage 6d. extra.—BiaD, 68,Tra.falg3r rd., Bgremont.

IliorGS from Pedigree Layers. White Leghorne, Orpingtons, LA Wyandotte' and buff Orgingtons 3s. 6d. for 13.—HA. SOTRIER, The Harbour. vvheeiton. Chorley. LIO NI. COHN, is. 6d., 10a. 6(1., 12s. 6d. 2401b5. ; Pig Food, 12 7s. nd. and Poultry Meal, Bs. and 10s. per 2001h0, RoCHs AND Co 16. Goo. Pi - 1 iv...T.". Vioution paper. GEIS from PHDIGHHR WHITLI WYANDOTTHS, 45.; —I also from Black Leghorn, White Leghorfs, and Red- cap pens, 3s. per dozen ; all birds trap nested.—HANKlrtaorf, Poultry Farm, Croft, Warrington

rIIURKKY BOGS (magnificent Americm Mammoth Bronz.l), 1_ I ~an now supply, 78. 6d. doz. ; unfertileB replaced ; safe delivery guaranteei.—Mrs. HARMS- WALTON, St. Oswald's rd.. West Brompton. No cards. -12OGS from the following breeds of high-class y oultry Black Minorca., Black Orpingtons.Goiden Wyandottes, Buff Rooks. White Leghorne, Indian Runners ; also Pekin Ducks 3s. per doz.—Apply Mrs. (Itasorr,Tarbock rd.. Huyton - - - HITH LEIGHORN EGGS, Simon Hunters, selected T winter lavers and extraodinary pullet breeding strain; fertile sittings delivered ; carriage paid, 2s. 6d.; no waiting. —LFONARD REYNOLDS, Crosby Garrett, Kirkby Stephen, Westrnore!and.

FOR SITTING.—For 12 years I have done my best _JD to give satisfaction with math success an ! again invite Inspection of the following pure breeds: Buff and White Orpingtons, Barred Rocks. Indian Game, Blank Lengthens, Partridge and V. hits Wyandottes, Black, White and Brown Legborns. Blank Minorcas, Blue Andalushns, Houdans. Also Best crosses for laving and table fowl : Houdan and Buff Orpington, Houdan, White Leghorn, Black Leghorn and buff Orpington. all these 21. 6d. pee sitting at borne. If packed and put on rail, 3s. Also Indian itunner Duck eggs, Splendid Layers 2s. 6d. teedoz, Fine White Aylesbury Duck eggs, 3s. per doz., all these frorn the very best lacing strains. Please note the address, HENRY DRAPER 205, Newton rd. Lowton, near Newton-le-Willows. half mile from Lowton Mary's :;tation,and the Trams. Robustness dons on bundav

Dou GLAS.—Maryville BOARDING HODS% Monis Terrace. Central. Good sea vlew. Every convenience. Boarders and non-boarders. Special low terms to end of June. Highly recommended.—Apply BOYD.

DOUGLAS.—Dodssvnetb's Borrding Houso,en the Queen's Promenade, facing sea; liberal table, good cooking pleasant company; terms 5s Ilid per day, no extras.—Fe furthur particulars apply to WILLIAM W, 0008 WORTH, Proprietor. TLFIfACONTBR.—THR RICHMOND BOARDING UTAH- A. LISHAIRNT. Charmingly situated, overlooking sea, Ac. Late dinners. Terms 3J5. inolusive.—PßOPßlEllegeS.

F LANDUDNO. ORMESCLIFFE BOARDING RSTAB- _LI LIS I-I INT, Promenadeateareation, Room for Dancing Mc., Billiards. Moderate.

1 LANDCONO —BOARDING BSTABLISHMEINT ; near 1.1 Pier; moderate terme.—WiLttamo, The Lindens, Church Walks.

nATLOOK B fiT H.—Parade House Restaurant and Boardinghouse; large or small parties catered for ; write for terms.—Proprietor, W. WoLv EI:WM

DENMARNMA.WR,—Summer Holidays. Cliffe Manor L Boarding House, near beach; good accommodation* Also Private Apartments ; well reoommended ; terms reason- able.—Owm

VALE OF CLWYD.—HOLIDAY BOAR El ls. weekly. Good cycling. golfing, fishing, &o. Miss THOMPBoN, Higbeeld Villas, lihuddlan.

1 VISITOBE to Dublin will End the NATIONAL HOTEL . V BLACKHALL ET. (near Queen it. Bridge) comfortable and moderate.—Apply Mrs. Wki.DoN.

LONDON, W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITBD. 34 TO 40 LUDGATS HILL, ALSO AT 70 71, HUSTON SQUARN. HoME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIETt CENTRAL NOB BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

pEE BLES HOTEL HYDROPATHIC. UNDER MR. A. M. THIEM'S PERSONIL MANAGEMENT, CONSTRUCTED FIREPROOF THROUGHOUT. EQUIPPED ON THE MOST MODERN LINES. EVERY HOME COMFORT. HIGH-CLASS CUISINE. PURE BRACING AIR; DELIGHTFUL GROUNDS; GOLF, TENNIS, CROQUET AND BOWLING GREENS; MOTOR GARAGE; MAGNIFICENT RECREATION HALL, A GERMAN BATH IN SCOTLAND. Physician, H. Neu, M.D.. Bonn University. Every form of Electricity, Massage, Baths, Diet, Gymnastics, &a. ALSO SUN. AIR AND ELECTRIC LIGHT BATHS-

SOUTHPORT. AIRS. CLARA E. SLATER HAS OPENED No. 12, PROMENADE, SOUTHPORT, AS A COMFORTABLE BOARDING HOUSE, FOR INVALIDS AND VISITORS. CLOSE TO PIER AND PLACES OF INTEREST. Terme se. Pd. per day -WritA tO MANAGICR2B9 for tariff.

SOUTJORT. HIAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT By OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN, CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C.. TESTIMONIALS ',ROY ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST BSTAI3LISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN. gpartinetttO,furnigbeb 31tou5e0, sct BERDOVBX...-VElliNtaND HOUSE, May till &mist t•-,u 3bathroofl (11. 46,aw4- tfie UR tea sua gariC Inke.—FogrEn. Trefeddian, Terrace.

A BBRYSTWITH.--BOARD or AP ARTISIIINTS.-lArs. HINCKEBMAN, Tan-y-Graig, Trinity rd. BiIfIYSTWITIL—RtIRNISIIBII ttOUSH for long or short period. Bicillent position. Moderate terms.— Apply Hrs. HUMPIDGE, 12. Laura Place.

A NOLThiRY.—FUHNISHRD HOUSH to Let; easy dls- rt tance to Red Wharf Bay ; very reasonable terms. OWEN, Penrhos. Pentraeth. APARTMHNTS TO LRT for the summer months, In large roomy fara3 thmee ; a good supply of milk, butter and eggs.—Apply Mrs. R. WRIGHT, Bayleat Farm, Mill lane, Upholland, near Wigan.

D LaCKPOOL.—DA3 IE LS. 23, Crystal rd. APARTMSNTS JJ Is. each person ; 28. per bed ; home comforts ; board moderate ; sea view.

vi /Os. PILLING, Healey House, 47. Livingstone rd., .V 1 off 1-lornby rd.. Blacskpool. Near Station. Trams, and Sea. Piano.

BLACKPOOL—Front Sitting and 2 Bedrooms, 21s. ; Bank Sitting and Bedroom. 12s. 63. inclusive.-23, PAI.A7 INK. RD.

DLAUKPOOL B.S.—Comfortable APAR r KIINTS (two persons 2g.), near station and tea.-11rs. W. ROBINS" 186, Lytham rd.

BLACK POOL, North.—Corntortable Private APARr- BIENTS, with goo-t cooking; near sea•—The Misses SMITH, 42. C4rshalton rd.

DLACKPOOL.—APARTMBNTS, near sea, pier and golf _V links ; bath (h. and 0.) good cooking; terms moderate. RICKARDS, 18 Osborne rd., South Shore.

DLACKPOOL.—Mise RILEY, 30, Adelaide at., (late of DougIas.)—APARTNERNTS ; board optional; over- looking Winter Gardens.

BLACKPOOL—Comfortable holiday APARTM LINTS, or board-residence ; alio permanent private Apartments, with sick nurse for lady or gentleman needing care.—Mra. LEE, 12, Crystal rd., off Promenade.

BLACKPOOL . —APARTNIIINTS, public or private ten do,rs from Promenade.—Yrs. GIiiTTIDGE, 20, St Chad's rd., South shore. BLACWPOOL.—CIean homely APARTMRNTS, le. eaoh person ; bed and attendance; one minute from Central Pier.—HoLT. 38, Foxball rd.

DLACKPOOL.—Comfortable private and public APART- -1) ItdENTS; central; near prom., station, and amuse- mente.—Mra. BADRO, 51, Albert rd.

BLAOKPOOL —APARTMBNTS with ot without bcard. One minute from Central Station and sea. Terms Th.rem.sy, LS, Vance rd. BR AY. —AP A RTMR,NTS, facing see; doubled-bedded rooms ; 21 and 15s. per week ; use of sitting-rom and attendance fr..e.—Mrs• KENNt, Harbour View, lisplanade.

ViSTLETOW/1 I.O.4.—FURNISHED HOITSI3 to Let. four bedrooms, two sitting-rooms, bath /to.; select neighbourhood; near atiore,—()ALLow, Oroftville.

CIOLDIC. 1.0. M. —Furbished COTTAOR to Let. or APAIIT- V) MIMS for summer months; three beds, sitting-room. kitchen aud garden ; near shore and station ; terms moderate.—Miss M. QUAYLE. Claughvane, Colby.

10LW Y BAY.—Oomfortable APARThitiNTS ; good wolfing ; highly recommended; pleasantly situated; near sea. ststion and woods. -k ARENCEVILLE, York rd.

C"r 0 IiTABE., t4I Country A PA. liThi IiNTS ; also Fur- nished Cottage, border of Wales ; braning, air, piano, bathroom (h aniet; moderate ten:cm—ROBERTS. Pine Grove, Hrogoecl, nAR, Oswrorv.

IONWAY. —Pleassnt APAR I'MENTS near rea and golf links, Mountnin view, 10 minutes from station. Terms moderate.—GLAN Dwe.

CIONWAY.—APAHTMFINIS, near golf links, sea and k.) mountain view. Terms moderate.—Mrs. HUGHES, Minavon, Morfa drive.

TIOUGLA9.—Mrs. QUAYLR, Liverpool House, Peel rd.— Bed and breakfast 2s. 6.i., full board 4s. 6d • beds with- out board 2s.

DOUGLAS—The Annandale. 1. Church rd.. Promenade, 1 minute from shore ; special reduced terms to e0(1 of June—Miss BA.STHAM. PrOprietrese.

DUBLIN 11XHIBITION.—Ban3ilent aceommodstion to vititors ; board ; barb ; central ; moderate terms.— Write Mrs. LT0•413, 86. Lower Gardiner at., Dublin.

The many Health Re,sorts and Beauty Spots in D EV 0 N S H I 4 and the 1 Sea Xir and coßNisll Country. Sports Sunshine and .Moorlands at 11 at Brixham, Carbis Bay, RIVIERA Ashburton, BBoovdemyi,n, Dawlish, Exmouth, Brent, Falmouth, are within easy Buckfastleigh, Fowey, reach by Dousland, Helston, Exeter, Ilfracombe, " i- Liskeard, Kingsbridge, •, ?.,, Lostwithiel, _ , Land's End, "4T,'''' ,!: :V4' Luxulyan, Looe, . Moreton, Newlyn, II '. 111 'CA a Newton Abbot Newquay, ' • , Princetown, Paignton, Roche, Penzance, The balmy air of Torquay, St. Austell, St. Agnes, Fowey, Falmouth & Penzance Tavistock, St. Ives, —the superb bracing effects Totnes, Salcombe, of Paignton and Newquay are Wadebridge, Torquay, alike especially appreciated Wrangaton. Teignmouth. by those in search of 1 es Rest, Change g Stinsili,•:.,,e. \ Tourist Tickets. The Superintendent of the Line, Pad- dington Station, will send all particu- Express Sery ces lam upon application; and upon re- and ceipt of 3d. in stamps, will forward a rom copy of either of the following Travel Books : Cheap Week-End i 4 1 f all parts. 1 " Devon : The Shire of the Sea Kinds." "The Cornish Riviera: Our Nationai Health and Pleasure Resort." JAMES C. INGLIS, General Manager.

APPLETON RIFLE CLUB. Monthly Prin Camintition. --- • The first of the series of five monthly prize competi- tions for the present season was held at the Range, on Saturday, when there was a very good attendance of members, most of whom competed. Altogether, 43 entries were received for the various competitions. GENERAL CONDITIONS. All distances, 100 yards.—Any military position. Any rifle, except in bronze badge class. Slings may be used, lying. A sighting shot allowed in all but disappearing target and pool bull. Below, we give the special conditions and some of the best scores made. BRONZE BADGE CLASS. Service rifles, provided by the Club, meet be used,and ammunition must be bought from the Club. Nine shots; fixed 31 inch bull, and nine shots, dis- appearing target. Possible : 90. Mr. A. Down (first prize), 58 points; Mr. J. Wilcock (second prize), 39 points ; Mr. F. J. Grocott, 32 points. The Donegall bLonze badge (provided annually by the N.R.A.) will INS awarded on the result of the shooting at the final competition, on 28th September. OPEN SWEEPSTAKES. Five shots 31 inch fixed bull. Possible, 25. Mr. P. D. Gardiner (first prize), 20 points; Mr. F. J. 1 Grocott (second prize), 19 points; Mr. R. Dennett, 18, points; Mr. J. Wilcock, 17 points; Mr. J. T. Bannion, 17 points. MEMBERS' STAKES. Seven shots, 6 inch fixed bull. Possible: 28. Mr. P. Magian (first prize), 27 points ' • Mr. F. C. Bennion (second prize), 27 points; Mr. J. Grocott 25 points; Mr. J. Wilcock 25 points; Mr. T. Daintith 21 points ; Mr. I. Bready 21 points. On a re-start between Mr. Maginn and Mr. Bennion, the former was declared the winner of the first prize. Trno rtKJs. - _ For members joined 1907 and being inexperienced, also members joined 1906 and now under 21 years of age. Seven Shots, fixed 6 inch bull. Possible: 28. As its title indicates, this competition was specially designed for the youner members of the Club, or for those who have had little experience in rifle shooting. Mr. J. A. Booth, (first prize), 24 points; Mr. P. Maginn, (second prize), 21 points; Mr. P. D. Gardiner, 23 points; Mr. F. C. Bennion, 22 points; Mr. J. Sankey, 21 points; Mr. I. Broady, 21 points; Mr. E. Plinston 21 points; Mr. E. Pollard, 21. points. Mr. Booth and Mr. Maginn having tied for the first place, a re-shoot proved Mr. Booth to be the victor. POOL BULL. Only five membess entered for this competition, which is for hits only on a 11inch bull's eye. Messrs. R. Bennett and F. C. Bennion secured one hit each, the prize being divided between them. The Club is greatly indebted to Sir Gilbert Greenall for the gift of a new War °lnce miniature rifle, which was in use for the first time in the above competitions. SCENE ON THE FOOTBALL GROUND. On Monday at St. Ilehns, a young collier named Sidney W. Jackson, of Lawrenson-street who had several bruises on his fa,ce,was charged with committing a breach of the peace. Police-constable Britch stated that on Sunday afternoon a man came to him at his house and told him there was a great fight going on on the St. Helens Rugby Football Ground in Knowsley- road. He looked through his bedroom window, which overlooked the ground, and saw two men stripped to the waist fighting in the centre of a large crowd of people. The men had seconds, towels and water. When he went on to the scene the men ran down Knowsley- road, and he chased and caught defendant. On asking forhis name and address he gave it as Peter Brown, 113, Eccleston-street, but he afterwards ascertained that this was wrong,, The Chief Constable : This was a prizefight on a Sunday afternoon. The Witness: There is no doubt about it. There is a reward of ss. offered to anyone giving information as to people trespassing on this field ?—Yes. The Magistrates Clerk :—What have you to say. about this ?—Prisoner was fighting that is all. Prisoner was ordered to find sureties for his good behavior.

: YOU TtliN t.. .„ _„. Increase Your Weight One lb. a Week.

• • • • , ..• • • • •••••••

The condition of being weak, thin and badly developed is one common to all, male and female, young and old, and may he due to inherited tendencies or acquired by careless living, neglect Ac. We see its ravages every day in childhood, where rickets or mal-nutritioa is the cause; in youth, where weakness and anmmia, with their attendant evils, such as heart affection, consumption, and lung troubles pursue their terrible course ; and at last, when hypo- chondriasis (melancholy and wasting) and stomach troubles do their deadly work, and premature decay sets in. Mrs. H. Wilkinson, 44. Flax-road, Belgrave, Leicester, writes :—" My little girl. aged 3, suffered from infantile Paralysis and Nerve and Muscular Weakness. We had her some time under medical treatment, but derived no benefit. She could not walk alone, or even stand, or turn over in bed. At last I was recommended by Mr. Abbott, Police Court Missionary in this town, bliss Wilkinson. whorm.yon had cured of a bad caseof Paralysis of the Nerves, to try Dr. Cassell 's Tablets. I did so, and after five months' treatment m) little girl could walk by herself, and she is much stronger and three pounds heavier. Everybody marvels at the cure, and I am delighted to give you these facts for the benefit of other sufferers." i Mae,. Dr. Cassell's Tablets build healthy flesh, create strength and vitality, and cure the worst cases of leanness of body. wrceked nerves, wanting, mal.nutrition, &e.. &c., and all diseases arising from physical and nerve exhaustion. Of all Mhemists. 101,d. and 29, or post' free from the Dr. eassell's Medicine Co., Ltd., Wingsst. West, Manchester. advice free by letter. TO STOUT PEOPLE. FREE BOX. Dr. Cassell's Tahlets can he taken with as much benefit by stout people Cut out this coupon. and send it as thin. Excess of fat is die to with your name and address and two defective assimilation of the nutrient penny stamps for postage, &c., to Dr. properties of die food taken, which Cassell 's Co., Ltd.. King-street W., run to waste and make fat. Manchester, and get a sample Dr. Cassell's Tablets ensure a perfect, box free.—Warringson and Mitt- natural. and healthy assimilation, Cheshire E.zont Eller, June Ist. causing superfluous fat to lse absorbed and converted into sound, healthy flesh.

.: .:: . , ........:‘,...., i.::::*..i...,:::,..:1,,,,..:''''•.''':';'.4' :iii..:-.ii::.::: --i:AN: • .'?::::::,;;•:!,- . :::::::'::.:4 :. •:4 .....1.44agai'::7...-'4::..!:;":riil :.:,...„: ~,,......:,.....:..":'::;. • - AI,

. , ,iva . - ._. . r .. , , - asse s• , a -e .. T , . . • i , ... s. .. . , ~ THE NEW .. • , ' - FLES "4: •,-• ''' 'fijSTRE. I,cev•-•

111 RECORD OF SUFFERING. Bloodless, Painfully Weak and Worn By Pain ; made Strong and Well by DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS. THEY CURE ; that is the great quality upon which the universal success of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills is founded and which distinguishes this remedy from all the ordinary purgative, irritating medicines that merely lull for a while tie symptoms of serious disorders. THEY CURE BY NATURE'S METHOD. The maintenance of health depends upon the condition of the Blood. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills do what no other medicine does—they actually make Good Rich Blood, they pirrify bad blood and strengthen impoverished blood. Hence the long record of important cures of many diseases, iaoluding Anamnia, General Weakness, Indigestion, Eczema and Skin Disorders, Neuralgia, St. Vitus' Dance, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Paralysis and the special ailments of girlhood and womanhood. THE PROOF.—One recent instance resembling many thousands of others received is the cure of Mrs. W. Stancer, of 19, New Bridge-hill, Loutb, Lincs. She states : "Scarcely twelve months ago I was an anxiety to everybody. My sufferings began with a feeling of irritability and nervous- ri ness ; I was easily worried or startled, and my limbs i shook after the least exer- Won. At night I would Iretire worn out, yet a palpitating heart kept me' !awake and in misery for hours. I suffered from I severe backaches, and was I subject to fits of sickness. My appetite went com- pletely; in fact, any kind' of food made me writhe in pain, and before long I hated the sight of it. I Ilost all colour, my cheeks , and lips were blanched, I and dark rings settled cured by round my eyes. I had Dr. Williams' Pink Pills been subject to poor circulation, but now I grew almost bloodless. "One day glancing through a newspaper, too languid to read it properly, my eye caught the account of a cure by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. Then my sister bought a box of the pills, and I began to take them. Within a little time I was satisfied that they were building me up again; then the cure became more pronounced. The pills gave me a splendid appetite, brought back my colour and complexion, and I lost all nervousness. My blood was renewed and my nerves mule strong. I could get about without breathlessness or palpitation; in fact, never in my life had I enjoyed such splendid health. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are sold by most dealers (but accept the genuine only—seven wordfr as above) ; or direct from the British Depot, 46, Hol- born-viaduct, London, post free, 2s. 9d. for one box, or 13s. 9d. for six.

N,., ..:?: Food ~..,,... for Infants, Invalids, and the Aged. The particular and important feature of Benger's Food is that it can be prepared to suit arty degree of digestive power, according to the directions on each tin. In this way it wins back health and strength. . . Vhe " Lancet " describes it as "Mr. Benger's admirable preparation." //

k'l ' :B;4:o4,.;•i'AßyiN t - ::-z,ir.v...: „:,.: ... ''',l::.,-..:_ 4.% .• I ^7. '.'---;. • ~i ~...,..,.*:-..... ~r,•,,..:. ~;;.....,.. I .• ..ced.4 .t. 1 ~/•:. 7:;,*-.;,...,, I i e.f ~.-:,„,.. •. .?.',P.., .7.tif . :::::::::,zr •, .0;i:••• '.C... . - , .... - . ' 1,140 -:::.il.:"::::i::::"ii...M4::.,:-A;.•..0i;.4,:-;-.'•.t MR.S. STANCUR,

WHY WEAR GLASSES? People wear Glasses to make seeing easier and to prevent the eyes from deteriorat- ing. Glasses relieve strain, and thus maintain or improve the earning powers and capacity for enjoyment. Our methods ensure the best possible results in each case. Come to-day for testing—as a Precaution. ARCHER & SONS Eyesight Specialists, 739 LORD STREET Estb. 1348. LIVERPOOL

MISTER &ROMANI e CELEBRATED Si#7l/0 4IACI/ME.f. 4A-4. • Aar af#l2o,E4 0001.0 DPW OW: (VI BR A+OR4 ((AM OTroji 13 •7, a.„ '2. 01, , k air 0.*."7L7nrrati1ik777.7=1771 Manchester.

WHY SHOULD I GO To RICHMOND JONES &SONS for a Piano? BECAUSE they will supply you with the best instrument in the trade at the lowest price. HERE IS A LINE. Beautiful Walnut or Rosewood PIANOFORTE, Artistic marqueterie panel, iron frame, check action, full compass, celeste pedal, brass sconces. 10/6 PER MONTH. 21 GUINEAS NET CASH. UNEQUALLED IN THE TRADE. HERE IS ANOTHER LINE. Handsome AMERICAN ORGAN, Bright polished case, bevelled mirror top, music receptacle and knee swell, 5/- per month. 8 GUINEAS NET CA.SII. NOTHING LIKE IT AT THE PRICE ELSEFHERE- OLD INSTRUMENTS TAKEN IN EXCHANGE. Write or better still call for illustrated art catalogue W FREE ON PPLICA.TION. RICHMOND JONES & SONS, 11 & 13 Berry St., LIVERPOOL. Top of BOLD ST,)

S N VIEW. in, 0 , Lonal ,t g 9 • - 1 .1_ SV4PUr eTri 42; irr t;i7 110 A.A.4 a VcNicitAggrvishrkt-A. 1;,';:'741i:•• vik GIVEN AWAY FREE! 411 C 1,30-Page Illustrated List of 6 500 Cycle. "WO new and second-hand, front 25. each. Ladies and U.S.A. in stock. 150 itOtOP CILPS. great bargain. Send CYCLEs for List and ma marvellous oiler Latvia dealers in the world. Agent' w•afed• SO par sant. ahaapsr than Wien!. Kverf acce4.ol7 Stock. Don't ntlis finding P.C. Inc Lid. FREE co ALL. laaaatitOW a CO. Waston-su -Mare. En •

Wl-10 Is Women as well as men are made miserable by kidney and bladder TO trouble. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-soot the great kidney remedy promptly BLAME. cures. At chemists in Is. Id. 2-3.3 d. and 4s. 6d. sizes. You may have a sample bottle by post, free, also pamphlet telling all about it. Address, Dr. Kilmer and Co., Dept. 329, Temple Chambers, London.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. Sunday School Anniversary. Special services were held at the Moore Wesleyan Church on Sunday on the occasion of the anniversary of the Sunday School. The preacher was the Rev. R. Wilkins Rees, of the Blackpool Circuit, formerly of Warrington. At the afternoon service the rev. gentle- man gave'an address to youag people on the importance of alert watchfulness, and in the evening he took as his text "She hath done what she could." Mr. Rees said there were deplorably many who through sheer want hungered for daily bread, but there were even more who at heart starved for unaccorded sympathy, help- fulness and thoughtful love. Special hymns and anthems were well rendered by the schblars and choir, under the guidance of the organist (Mr. John Banner) and the choirmaster (Mr. J. Antrobus). The offertories amounted to £l3 ss. Risley Presbyterian Church. There were large attendances at the anniversary services held in the Risley Presbotetian Church on Sunday. The morning service was conducted by Mr. John Watson, of Warrington, and the afternoon and evening service by the Rev. A. Thomas Ogilvie. Special hymns and anthems were rendered by the choir in a creditable manner, conducted by Mr. 3. Renshaw. the morning anthem being "Lift up your heads" (Belchsr), the afternoon "Let God arise" (Simper), and evening" If ye then be risen" (Simper). Messrs. W. Snailhant and E. Harrison were the soloists. In the afternoon the sacred duet "Our blest Redeemer" was creditably sung by Miss Clare and Miss Snailham. The offertories, which were in aid of the church funds, amounted to £9 17s. 6d. The Peace Conference. During the evening service at the Workingmen's Mission on Sunday the following resolution was unani- mously passed :—That this meeting of worshippers at the Workingmen's Mission Chapel, Bank Quay, Warring- ton, rejoices in the prospect of the forthcoming International Peace Conference at the Hague, and earnestly prays that its deliberations may be fruitful in promoting right understanding and mutual trust amongst the nations represented. This meeting notes with particular satisfaction that proposals towards , arresting the increase of armaments are tole introduced lat the Conference, and trusts that all who are in favour of this urgent reform will spare no effort to bring about its practical attainment. This meeting earnestly desires that the British representatives at the Confer- ence may obtain :---(1) Universal obligatory arbitration for all secondary qnwtions which do not involve Natinrial interests; (2) a Peace Budget, by which one pound will be devoted to peace propaganda and Inter- national hospitality for every £l,OOO spent on the Army and Navy. At the usual Sunday afternoon service in connection with the Emmanuel Church Men's Union held last Sunday an addres.s.was delivered by Mr. Gray on the subject of the Hague Peace Conference end was listened to with great interest by the members present. After discussion hv sofferal members it was unanimously resolved : That this meeting rejoices in the prospect of the forth- coming Intetnational Peace Conference at the Hague, and earnestly prays that its deliberations may be fruit- ful in promoting right understanding and mutual trust amongst the nations represented. This meeting notes with particular satisfaction that proposals towards arresting the increase of armaments are to be introduced at the conference, and trusts that all who are in favour of this urgent reform will spare no effort to bring about its practical attainment. This meeting earnestly desires that the British representatives at the conference may obtain : (1) Universal obligatory arbitration for all secondary questions which do not involve national interests; (2) a peace budget, by which £1 will he devoted to peace propaganda and international hospital- Ity for every £l,OOO spent on the Army and Nay.

TAKE IiOnLICK'S MALTED MILK AND KEEP STRON Ca REQUIRES NO eooKING Samples, 34, Farringdon Road, London, E.C.

ANTIID an APPiiisl2loß to the Painting and Decorating BuelLesa.—Apply F. J. DELL,II9, Church t, Warrington

Wexperienceci Ili,).ltltt, for beat body linen and finery—Apply by letter Mon Et. SANITARY LAUNDRY, Southport.

Y ANTE O. —Reliable Agents for Bowden's Herbal Remedies. Excellent crofts. Genuine trade. BowDEN's,hockfleld , Barnstable.

WANTED. s' nod Gentlernen't. Cast-off Clothing. Postal Orders for parcels, Any dißtatioe.—Mr. and Mrs. HOUGETuN, 2 Everton st., airwen.

WANTRD JUNIOR CLBRK ; must be capable and experl- encect ; one who can uee ypewriter preferred.— Address D.B. 2), " Kaaminer " Offi”, Warrington. IrACANOY occurs for young gent 1,1 team practical Farm- , lug in Beata Premium. —l3.pu, v Box 4566, c/o Slialutow & THATCHIEB, Hulborn Pt-.e, ..,ondon, W.U. •

HOME WOUK.—Wanted immediately, ladies to colour Xmas Cards ; exuerience unnecessary. Permantnt work. StAmp.—HuGmr.s ek Co., 59, ut. Lukb's id., W.

fIOi4A.N LINERS. —Persons requiring remunerative Berths V./a Stewards. btewardesr, Butchers, Bakers, Clerks, &c., send stamped envelope.—Particulars, M. AuvAG E , 12 Vine Square, Eastbourne.

LIASOY Leather and Metal Agency required. Gentleman I! well known amongat London buyers. First-clots refer- ences.—Particulars box 4138, c/o hs-aßkow & THATCHER, Holborn Place London, W.O.

,—Do you want an appointmeut ? Sanitary Inspector, Lady Health Visitor, £loo to £350. Poital Course Lesscns now commencing for Liverpool exam. Fee 259.—Musaxxs, iSanitary lixpert. Sunderland.

AH NALYTICAL and TBOHNICAL O/IMIST requires an Enaagement, works or laboratory ; over ten years' practical esperience of most branches of analytical chemistry and chemical engineering.—B LEGG, Dorris, Byron rd., Worthing.

KNA CKErtS KNICKERS I ! KNACKERS !I ! Best possible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle. Prompt re-novsl 0,1 the shortest notice any distance rip to 16 miles—JamFs TOOL E AND SONS LTD., MVIIIre MROU- facturers, Longford Works, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole, Loneford Works, Telephone 299,

k GENTS Required by the IMPERIL ACCIDENT, &P., ALI\ INSURANCE Co., Ltd., Estcl. 1878. Capital £100,00'). Departments ;—Personal Accidents ; Employer's Liability for Accidents to Domes'ic Servants, Clerks and Stop Assistants ; Carriage, Motor & Driving Accidents ; Burglary and Plate Glass ; Horse and Cattle Insurance. Claims paid £350,000. Liberal terms allowed.—Address, MANAGER, 17, Pall Mall East. London. S.W.

101ChSONS PIJRCHASIN(-1 BUSINESSES catiOe accommodated with Capital at MAITRIcE: AND Ca., 31, Cairo et.. Warrington.

DO YOU WANT TO SELL your Business ?—if so,consult Mr. COWDELL, Business Agent, Legh st., Warrington. V.XT &RHINGTON.--Ganuine HliDltttS V V NESS for immediate disposal (established year s) well fitted up with mirrors, to.: also a Chip and Fish hop attached to the premises, A good living to he sold cheap. —Apply T. CoWDELL, Business Agent, 31. Legh et.. Warrington: IVEPOUNDS will buy a nice little C RIP SHOP with up- to-date range all complete —(leaving town) will sacrifice all for £s.—Apply CowmILL. Business Agent, Legh at., Warrington. CENTRAL NEWSAGENCY, Stationary and Tobacco, Business for disposal, takings £l5 weekly, profit 50 per- cent —Apply T. COWDgLL, l Legh at, Warrington. UTCHHISS. -Nice house, tiled shop, everything fo• use 20 we illy. Rent £35. Valuable lease. Price £175. —4 GoIiDON BUILDING 9. Lower Bdmonton, London.

ILK Ma:, 011: HOUND oW anyoneANT } lD w; notho wt r titca ni ori :o c, ae i zee, t bwilli e round.—Price and particulars to R., 22, i4vPnlng News' Office, Manchester.

BUBINBBS for Disposal, Grocery and Provision ; old established ; easily managed ; nice class trade ; takings £36 weekly. Rent 8,30 yearly; modern house and garden.— Address 515 01:1011D RD., Reading. SALL good 4-pan gas FINIRD PM{ STOP% also 12 full complement of plant for Chip awl Fish Business ; larae counter, front slab; shop fittings with stools, benches and tables complete, chesp.-641IIKEIR Mill st., Crewe

Irto BE SOLD at a Valuation a Good Wholesale and Retail BAKINti and CONFESOTI*NERY BUSINESS, doing a good cash trade; one horse and ; will sell Uu oa.. VADIRAM RD., titinitey.

411-OW A CLERK SHOULD ESTABLISH HIS OWN BUbINESS as Manufacturers' Agent,' with or without capital; a comprehensive new work, by James Ferguson; price le net, postage ld.—C. ALLEN, Publisher, 5, Lloyd;e AvenuP, London, WC,

WARRINGTON.—V) LBT.—Those splendid Business Premises, t 5, STRIDIT (main street), with goods entrance to extensive garetouse and stabling behind ; shop 40ft. by 15ft,—To view and full particulars apply Mr. Tuomse CowDELL, Betate Agent and Valuer, 31, Legh at., Warrington.

t3so,,WhiellobwuryightthaendßUcllalitearn.cletoVekee ah tbnaerrYa f rent reasonable. or would sell property. This is a ragpldly growing business and a splendid opporiunity for a pushing man.—Address. C. Dorgiorr, Rgerton et. New Brighton.

TF you wish to purchase a business, write, stating require- ' ments VALENTINE & Co., 3 Bloomtbury Court, London, W.C. Applicants suited daily. General Stores, price £lOO. Trade £95 monthly. Good livinv accommodation. Exceptional opportunity. VA LI4NTINE. OH Colour Stores, £65, taking £l4 weekly. Lease 15 years. House, 7 TOM O.—VALENTINE. Partnership offered in Antique Furniture Business. Capital 240,. Large income certain. Full partieulars.—V•LENME. Restaurant, busy thoroughfare near Tube Station, doing splendid business. Owner retiring. Golden opportunity.— VALRNTINE• Corn Merchmts'. Trade £3500 yearly. Exceptional situa- tion ; no opposition. Owner retiring. Sacrifice. £5OO. VALENTINF:

ej ON BROWN, 34, SOUTH JOHN LIVIiRPOOL. TEL. 179 Y CENTRAL, HAS A VARIETY OF BUSINESSER ON HAND TO SUIT ALL CLASSES OF BUYERS.

ENBRAL ; trade £8 10s. ; rent 10s. 6d. ; well fitted; T soundly established ; inspection urgently invited ; offer considered. GREENGROCERY and Fruit.—Lady joining husband abroad will accept a nominal sum for most profitable business ; latest fittings ; trade proved. 8W131416, Tobacco. Toys ; counter receipts £8 108. ; rent Bs. clear ; breakdown in health ; exceedingly busy street ; ingoing £55 ; perfectly safe. FANCY GOODS, Stationer, News; Naby cause of sale. MILLINERY, Fancies; £25. fittings, stock (£2O) optional ; wants better Atention ; electric fittings. CONFECTIONERY; £2 ss. after expense,; only £35. CHIPS, Fish ; £ll weekly; fittings cost £95 ; £6O, NAIRDRESSER 26 year.; superb fittings ; offer. MINOR L ; doing £l2; rent 8s; clears £2 10. ; £4O. Gmotna,L ; £l6-18 weekly (proved) ; only £55. GREENGROCERY ; turnover £18; rent us.; important street, GROCERY, Provisions; did £56 weekly; 17 years ; £ICO. STATIONER, Library, Tobacco; sto3k £160; all £BOO. Mr. CoNNOlit, Estate Agent, 67, Lord st., Liverpool.

ATRIMONIAL TIMM," the best and quickest Intro. iIL ductory medium for all desiring a matrimonial aflLnce ; price 6d., in sealed enveiope.—Addrees FIDIToR; Robert Radford, 5, Featheratone Buildings. Holborn, W.

OX OABBAGH PLANTS, large qulntity strong plants; few liarlys and Fleds.—llnwsan BARBISR, Mere Farm, Nether Idderley, Chelforel•

OLANTS FOR -PREISHNT PLANTIIW.—Asters, Slock, J- Cyanus, Petunias, Phlox, Zinnias, Nfcotinas, Lists post free.—KinfP, The Cottage, Linton rd., Hastings, - THE. PRETTIEST PLANT on Earth, the Amincan Fuchsia; 1. always hi full bloom, in flower ten months out of twelve ; quite hardy ; two is. 61., four is. 61., post free.— T. ii. MALDEN. Ballymurry, Roscommon, Ireland.

DAHLIAS I Dahlias I Dahlias! Our descriptive catalogue is ready, and will ne posted free on applicatiGn. Special dier, strong pl.nts in pots, distinct named varieties, our selection, 33.. 55., 7s. 6d. per dozen for cash.—FRRWRR BRoa., The Nurseries, 3towmarket.

D AZORS.—Special offer, hollow ground, Sheffield made, IL 2e. 3d post free.—NElL DAVENP3RT, 95, High Holborn, London.

-- VOR a Few Dave we offer. as an advertisement, a Box of 12 120 eigarottes to all who forw4rd Livingstone at., Manchester.

BURN your Garden and Household rubbish in one of our VaSent Destructors.—HoroilLL DEBTRucroR Co., LTD,. Spence Lane, Leeds.

fIORRRSPONDEINON LESSONS in Drawing, Painting, and kJ Design. Terms moderate. —1? . M. Dixox, Artisi, 143 Knowsley rd., Bootle, Lancs. B.ON ROOFS, Sheds and Buildings for all purposes; 1 designs and esti•natee free.—WARDLE & Co., Derby it. Woriss, Übeetham. Manchester.

141L4ATIO STUCKINGI 2s. 6d., Leggings 23. RI., Knee- CI caps 25. each ; measurement form free.—NEw BRITISH EITEOMiti CO., Lord at., SOOtbpOrt.

GENUINH Sheffield Cutlery.—Pocket Knives, Is. 6d. best hollow-ground Ihaors. 3s. —Sand P.O. JANIE COWPE, 695 Abbeydale rd.. Sheffield.

J A1i1119.-liyery Lady should wear our Perfect Model I.J Corsets; lied, White, and Grey; 2s. 6d. post free.— JACKEIow, Corset Specialist. N. Shields.

ULASTIC STOCKINGS. 2e. 6d.; linee-eaps, 2s Suspen- ILI eery Bandages, Is. each from Manufacturer—W. H. MADDOCK, Alfred at, South. Nottingham.

POSTAJAR NI D ALBUS.-9'o contain. 153. 101 ; 200, le 31 ; 300, Is fid ; and in proportion. all post free.—From MUTEST LEWIS, Oast) Stationer, Norvrizt.

DLouass.—Beautiful De!nines trimmed Val Lace, 23. ILI Nun's Veiling., all colours, 3s. Money returned if dis- satisfied —FERRY, 218 Queen's rd., Daleton.

BAZAA GOODS (Special), Id. and 6d.—Greatest variety R and value In She trado.--EieLatort Adarrtrovrsastr, Ltd , Plough Buildings. Gloucester it., Birmingham.

MART Millinery, Blouses. Underclothing, Grace-foam L. Corsets, Dresses, at wholesale prices. Beautiful Oats- Logue free.—Wrirnsoß 8R09., Haporters, Hull. UMBHFlLLA6.—Unclaimed property. Heal bargains, 2s. 3d., 3s. 3d. Carriage paid. Much unler value.— G. FORD, 36, !Wham High rd., London, B.W.

DUI:ISLAS HANDICRAFT.— Elaborate drawn thread LL cloths yard square 4. 6cl ; plain centres 45., siclOoard sloths, 4s. bd. post free.--(1. " Orient." Wrexham.

NTIIW 50 guinea PIANO for £25, best make. 10 years 11 warranty; splendid 10 guinea Violin Outfit for 5 guineas; approval.—Prof. HOLLOWAY, Bletcnley. 4000 RICH BILK UMBRELLAS, poet free. 2s cacti. Fancy flaudles, sticks or Tubes. Trade supplied.—ANDFlEw9, London st., Greenwich. London.

AiiIMPLB GBNUINB HOMB WORK.—Tinting Xmas. cards and prints ; experience unnecessary. Good pay. send stamped envelope.—' ART.' 48. kidgsvare I'l.. London

POLldif your Piano and all Furniture wi.h two drops of "Plano-Lustre "on a duster. Use nothing else. Shilling bottles, post tree.—Jorts R. Sims, Wellington, Somerset.

'WRAP PIHNTING, Posters, Handbills, Catalogues, ; prompt, high-claes Work ; satisfaction guaranteed. —HAYDDCIL-CADLB (lomrAsr, 28, Peckham Ire, London B.H.

BDARGAINB.—Fint-class English Levers. by eminent makers, eappei4 and jewellel. 10s. 6d. to 19s. 6d. j 10 veers warrant, o'llsny. Pawnbrokers. :4'ernd.le. DATCHWOHK.-100 pieces New Silk, 93., bundle larger pieces, Is, 23•, big box velvets (lovely colours) is. 3d. carriage paid. 7-11. BURGESS & CO., St. Mary's rd., Moeton. Manchester.

WIN REGULXIiLIE.—StrongIy recommended : Velocity, Dalkeith, Vasco, dl9.veaway, Gold SanT. Private Intelligence wires 10s. week.—H. RAYMOND, 73, Emmanuel rd., Balham.

INORHASE YOUR INCOMR BY TRADING.—Send for William Cotton's 59. parcel of Jewellery. /Hosiery, Lace, Haberdashery, Overalls. —WEEXDLY CROSS, Nottingham. Ratablisbed

trIENT'S tiUMMitir. UNDKHWHAIL—Tbree Merino Under- vests. perfectly new, never worn, splendid quality ; thsee ditto underpants, Is. Eid. eaoh.—OLlvkß, The Park, 0 r adley Heath.

‘AT HI6ILY.— ' Red Letter' (registered) genuine Highland. Quality unsurpassed One bottle 38 6d ; three, We ; post paid for cash with order.— C. C. STUART & SON, Whisky Merchants. Pitioohry. N.B.

GHAVHL I GRAVEiL ! GRAVAL I—Spar Gravel,chippings, macadam. for drives and walks. Rockery stone, lc. Quotations to any station. —IIoBERT W. KILLON, al, Coal Exchange. Chester. Telephone 70.

EIiLARGBNIIINTS, mounted, 15 x 12, 2s. 3d.; framed 45, 3d., post p4id ; send any photograph or midget (returnable); satisfaction guaranteed.—MOHLEY'S 13XPRES8 RIMARGEMHXT DEPOT, Burwell, ()stubs.

SiilND 3s. for one dozen ReAl frith 1-land Yrobroidered hemstitched Initial handkerchiefs In any letter, post free, or sample 4 stamps. Please show your friends. Worth 6d. each.—PLANT & SOH, Importers, sale.

1 ONDON Commercial Agency, 5 Featherstone Build! n, 1.4 Holborn, London. Private COMThissions of every des- cription undertaken. Address for letters, ss. per month. Private room for client's use. Nominal terms.

I LL respectaMe Wattonere sell " PIONBifTi." the ideal ."1 Marking Ink for all fabrics ; needs no heating. shaking or waiting. Large bottles &d. and 19. or poot free from UPPINGTOR'S (Dept. H), " Pioneer " Works, Borough. 1 00 BILLHEADS, Memos. Business or Visiting Cards, Is. 3d., post free : 50 sheets of Notepaper with your address printed on each sheet. and 50 envelopes for Is. 3d., post free.—DALLIS & Co., 39, Park st., Cambridge.

GARDII,I4 TBNTS.—No centre poles. 12 ft. x 6 ft. Induct log awning. scalloped edges, bound led, 398 6d. Striped canvas. 555. 6d. Waterproof. Willesden canvas, 85s. Hammocks and Garden Furnitnre. Price lists and patterns free.—DEPT. 8., GAUDEiN TENT Co., Boston. England.

200 PI3II ()Brim PROPIT.—You receive value for 10e. 6d. by an outlay of 3s. OA. bend be. 6d. immediately for one of our celebrated " Comfort " Razors ; guaranteed beet Sheffield make; regular price 10e. 6d. ; this offer Is open for limited period only.—Sole Agent, GEORGE CLurrLsir, 4, Faster rd , Leith.

etHINA GILT SECONDS is. doz. Earthenware seconds ‘..) from BJ. doz. Dlnne.*, Tea, Toilet Were, great variety. Chapel. Church Caterers supplied. Badged ware hotels, Schools. 100 doz. seconds sound articles £3 Safely packed Hawkers crates nearly 1,000 articles 38.. 61. Cbeepest in trade. Write for free lists.— ARTHUR J. HULL, NOralFiCa Works, Longton, Staffs. THE GRAND OLD MAN that was (Gladstone), one of J 1 England's noblest and greatest statesmen ; a Bold Medallion of him in massive relief in Antique Bronze ; splendid for hall or corridor ; a pleasing and lasting memento for sale oheap.—Howttm,, Marble.

GOT RATS? F SO, USR SANFuRD'S POISONS. It ends the trouble by destroying them. Rats, Mice, Moles, &a., like it, eat It, and perish Try the remedy, you will be delighted with the result. Price ls. 84. to ss, per box, of all Chemists, or S.imroan ft SON, Sandy, Beds.

RCEDAR GOODS and every description of tinrwical and Domestic Appliances at half usual prices ; valnable information and Illustrated list free ; four splendid samples is.. 07 ten assorted 2e. 6d. (worth 58).—W. B. DOREAN & Co., Manufacturers, West Norwood, London. SUPRBFLUOUS HAIR and MOLBS.—Perfected Wee- trolysis (by Mr. Parka's invention) supersedes all other systems in rapidity for permanent destruction. The only method which never disappoints. By appointment only.— Stamped envelope to Mr. ROBERT J. PARKES. 2, Church et., Southport.

TO BB SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 sqnare yards of Freehold Land. with 'siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring .pace.—Address 3 nosx.ixo, 10, Fenwick street, Liverponl.

MR. IIIOWIN GRIMM, the popular composer of'Sing He to Sleep' writes to S. Faris, Importer of African tobacco, 5, Great George's et., Cork:—Dear tilr, I have tried the sample of South Wean tobacco you so kindly sent me and I think It Is really delightful. I feel sure if smokers only knew of it there would be a very great demand for it as it is quite unique as to flavour and aroma.—Yours truly Ruwur GRBRN . Send 2.. for sample lb.

rrYPHWRITING. 10d. per 1,000 words. absolute se2recy guarivnteed.—BEßar, Gloucester rd.. Newtou Abbot. 111._ A STROLOGY.—Character and advice 1.. Id. State birth- time.—Haltscats, 73, Greville rd., Southville, Bristol.

CIHARACT/111 from liandwriting, derivation ot surname—, Doome,lll,Talbot, r€l.,Bayswater,London W. CREA P STOCKINGS are useless. Buy Excellent Reliable Hose, Is. 41. pair.-31. S. KER9OP. easlton, Nottingham.

RROI PliS to make Whisky, hum, tiin, Curling-fluid, Vinegar, &e. le. ld —W.13., 9, Grantham rd., Hastleigh, Hants.

pIANO, quite new; splendid tone; maker's price 30 guineas. Will take 14 guin,as. —B9, BEWSEY Sr.. Warrington.

pORAX SALT for killing wefyie on gArden walks, 23. per ewt.—WARRINGToN BORATE Co., LTD., Stag Bridge, Warrington.

VOR A.LE —Cookie shells for fowl houses and making up garden paths. —Apply HARVEY & SoNs. Fairlight Cottage, Leigh on Sea.

FOG SIGNALLINCL—C model tot working mod for sale ; speculators write.—WALLWoRK, 51, Brldgewater rd.. Walkden, M.C.

ISW PHONOGRAPH RECORD Exterlong.' Loudest, Lnteet Best, ss. 6d. dozen. Sample 6d.—INVICTA, Hellingiy, Sussex.

IBLICIOUS DEVONSHIRE Clotted Cream, rich. thick, • " is. Bd. lb., free. Satisfaction guaranteei.—Nionowl, Whitehall, Bideford.

USlC.—Teactier's surplus stock, pieces and songs ; 20s. .Y 1 worth for Is. 3d., past free.--11r. GAS/CELL 9 Croft rd., Swindon. Wilts.

(luti.tiDefir lioes fi te NLuls4tirS:louliu"e —HotmEg, WeWield rd., Preston. Hen GrJe oitg

E3.--Good SECOND-HAND PIANO; wuaranteed, oldt, •J suitable for learner ; another at RIO 10.--S. R. Wool% 47. London rd., Stockton Heath.

IIGAILBTTBS —Try our special "Oaireno's" brand, band- ki made; Turkish, 41. 100 ; Virginia. 3s. 3d., post free.— CAIRENo CIGARAT7E Co., 94, Aldgste, B.C.

A ARON HARRuP, Manufacturer. Norfolk it.. Sheffield. 11l British Plate Tea Spoons, 2s. half dozen; Table Knives, 4s. 61. ; Carvers, 3s. 6d. pair. Hand forged.

L AUNDRY GLAZING SHORE r (tee ori.tinal) Extremely simple, gives actuil appeaaince of white china.— Is. Id. of Mr. DOUOLAS, 50, Slaney at.. Gloucester.

pEAMON'S WEEKLY Oompetltion.--iolutions to date, 41. and stamped addressed envelope ; strictest privacy observed.—H. ROBEATP, Post Office, Glanbecir. Rutlain.

SPBCIA L W ORK MB riS and Farmers Oxydised Patent Keyless Lever Watch. Poet free 4s. 94. Thousands soid.—BENEFLT Co., 923, Ashton Old rd., Manchester. QROONTSD Wail-papers, saves trimming, Send trade card. Special book. Orders carriage paid,—GROOVEd WALLPAPER COMPANY, 230 Pentonville rd, King's Cross.

FARMS ant Manure fdanuf xcturers.—Shodcly Dirt I on Sale cheap; price 88. for wagon load of 4 t )ns ; cash with order.—Apply J&MB LREe.Willow et. Mill,Oldharn •

UNBRHAKABLIC non-rusting (steels guaranteed) Oorsets grey and black, 3s ; carriage paid. Thonganla selling' —MANuFecTußloi, 3, Denmark Tern, ',oath Aslatorl, Kent.

YDEE, QYMONS' DEVONSHIRE OYDqR ; delicious and inviwor- ating ; supplied in bottles or small casks.--Fnurr MILL!, Totnes Devon., London Office and Stores, Ratcliffe, R.

BIIIETLEIS. Cockroaches, Ants, etc. Absolutely exterrnln- ated by Pink Pest Powder; taro) tins. Is. and la. 9d. post firee —wooLLEY CHRMICLL Co., Dept. 8., 39, Upper iushton rd. Bradford.

BAM:MlN.—Jeweller retiring offers 18 carat tiold-cased Bracelet et Turquoises, or real (+old-cased Orient Diamond and Ruby lingo. sacrifice 2s. 6d.—Wxne E, 6 C mberwell New rd., London.

D /WORDS I RECORDS I RECORDS I Special clear- It of 5,000 Wilson bell standard size, gold moulded Records. at 9d. each. Send us a postcard for particulars.— ALFRED PERRY & Sow,Dept.,E.Plano'orte Warehouse, Bishop Stortf ord.

SU- PRIN SOWN PLANT W S ; ant Drum- -500,01 4) head Cabbage, Felipse Market Cabbage, Dalkelth Brussels, Drumhead SaVoys, Kale, Red Cabbage, all 3s. 1,000; Illustrated list post free.—W. HoRNE & SoNS, Cliffe. Pochester. Kent.

T 1 C. BLACK BEETLIFI, Cockroaches exterminated by rw.tri.. 'mt.,. Paste. Guaranteed by R. Howarth, Reg ,F Z S., post free le. 3d., 2s. 34., 4s. 6d.—HiwlTT, Chemist, Sheffield, W.C. Cleared theffield Workhouse, all other prenarations failed.

QPBCIAL BARGAIN.—We are bfferlng doz. Sterling Tea 1...1 Spoons in plash and caie. together with our present of a Ladies 611ve- Bruoeh for P.O. 3s. H. Satisfaction guaranteed Or money returned. —STEnuriu °or 403 Barkt.ig rd., Lond,in, I.

DY'S very handsome 18 care Boiled Gold Curb Bracelet, LA with padlock complete, only 'Ts 61. Satisfaction guaranteed, or money returned. Gent's reliable black Oxyd teed Keyless Watch, 5s 61. cheap. —WI:mm.3AL X. AG mscr ComPAarY, North Western Buildings, Liverpool.

viVATIMPROOF COVICHS. same material and pliable as railway sheets. 12ft by 91t 15s. ; 151 t by 9ft. 13s. 9d. ; any size at ls. 3d. per square yard, with lashes. Superior stout rot-proof green OftELVFib, any size, h. Sd. square yard, with laehee.-14. J. assault. Government Contracto-, Rye.

rANTARIO, the principal Province of Canada, offers most V/ favourable opportunities to strong young Alen and others desirons of engaging in Farm Work. Female Domestics in great demand at high wages. For particulars apply ONTARIO GOVERNMENT AGENCT,7, James st.,Liveroool.

riIENTS ! THNTS I—Suitable for gardens, cricket, or 1 camping-out purposeQ ; 40ft. in circumference ; pegs, poles, mallet, and lines complete (with tent bag included. I will send one complete for 355. Prlc3 list of marquees, any size, post free.—H. J. asgeow. Government Contractor. Rye.

TANNRD ("ARMIN NHTTING. Protect your v ens, seeds, and buds from frost. blight, and ravages of bin-is. Nets oiled and dressed, 30 square yards, is. ; can be sent any width or length.-11xxur ROBINSON IC Co., Oarden Net Works, Rye, Sussex.

VVIRIiI NAILS (Mixed), 81. 6d. per cwt, 28lbs, 2s. 3d.; 9crews, mixed. 28e. per cwt. ?81b 7.. 6d.; Wire, Out, Wrought, and Malleable Nsils. Taas, Rivets, etc., etc., wholeealelprices.—MlDLAND NAIL WocKs, 25 to 28. Bea Bt., Brimingham, C. W. HAYLRS, Proprietor.

ICIROVIDE FOR OLD AGII WHILE YOUNG.—Particu- II tars of advantageous plan. combining Life Assurance with ()Id Age Pensions will be sent gratis on receipt of a postcard stating age. Fire and Accident Assurances placed with leading Cornps.nies at lowest rates ; enquiries solicited. TARD et Co.. Accountants and Insurance Brokers, 263, Plymouth grove, Manchester.

DRISES SUITABLE FOR SPORTS, Galas, Clubs. Silver plated Challenge and Prize Cops, Medals, Badges, Watches. Clocks, Cases of Cutlery, Spoons, Pipes in cases etc., at wholesale prices. Send P.O 2Cs. for samples. satis- faction guaranteed or money returned. Estb. 20 years.— STOW ROBERTS, Wholesale Jewellers, 4i, Stockwell et., Glasgow.

BARGAINS IN SWATCH RS „:""`' KRYLLARDSISHsao4rs .6 zip: R6Ls nAUK 0,1) value.D 13 Apt Lei 614.8 a which are more fashionable than silver. These at 10s. 6d., we can recommend as being well-made, well flushed and good timekeepers. Money returned if not as represented. WHOLINALE AGUNCY CO., North—WestPrn Buildinws, Liverpool.

WALL PAPt+IIS in large or email quantifies at ridlculoualy low prices. Splendid papers from 11d., all prices. 53 per cent. lower th,ti anyone eiae. Book of this season's specials and price list gi atm to the trade only. Carriage paid on all orders from 22. —Tag rIMES WALL PAPXR Co., 31arriott's Court, Spring Gardens, Manchester. Telephone 5685. Call and see our stock. A great variety to choose from including high-class papers.

A FREE FOUNTAIN PEN SENT (AIEI AN ADVERTISEMENT) WITH EVERY 2e. 6D. BOTTLE or TIBBY'3 TONIC FOR THE HAIR AND SCALP. POST FREE, oN RECEIPT Or P.O. TO DEPT. 2, THE TIBBY CO., 14, HILLs PLACE, OXFORD CIRCUS, "CABIN, W.

*Witses anb tanb on ale.

OUTHPORT.—Rare opportunity.— Freehold Corner Sitg,, 13 1.218 yards ; central ; near Promenade ; exceptional for realdence or sanatorium —PARK. 2, Church et.

SIiVHN MOW OOTTAGRI FOR S kLE, in improving district; owner going abroad and must sell; no reasonable offer refused; equity required about £lso.—Apply " Baatniner " Ooe, Warrington.

110 INVHBTORI3.--Bquity of 48 substantially built well. 1 let weeklies. One lot or sepsrately. Best situation round Manchester. Near cars and atation, Gross rental £922 7s. Price £2,3oo.—Apply J. SPARRoW, Roleston House, Fallowfleld, Manchester.

3nutOtinents, A'hare, Srt.

2.. 6D, MONTHLY Repays £5 Ion; interest 10 per cent. ; share profits ; prospectus 2 stamps.— Co-oPisitvrivis BANKING SOCIETY, 81, Lord it., Liverpool.

WIDNES. £5, £7, £lO, £2O, .£3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN H. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Warrington and Runcorn Applicants may receive Money any Evening at their own 'tomes.

ACCOMMODATION, to all respectable k.) and trustworthy persons, on these terms : E 5 £lO £b £;0 £3O £SO £IOO Call or write to Actual Lender, W. JACKSON, 26, CORPORATION ST. MANCEMITER. Tel.. 2247.

4.4 TO £5,000. W Y ! W Y!! WaY!! 04.0,/ sell, pawn or let your friends know that you are short of a little ready cash. We have plenty of money, and are willing to lend you part of it at a very low rate of interest and an easy repayment can be arranged according to your income. in loan l/6 weekly I E?.O loan 5/- weekly Eli) loan 3/- weekly I £4) loan 10/- weekly larger sums in same proportion, other terms as mutually agreed upon. Don't Pay 2/5 in the £ for a month. So don't fail to giye us a call or write and convince yourself that our terms cannot be beaten. —ApPLY To MAUELICit & CO., 31. CAIRO SP.. WARRINGTON. MISS COTTHRILL. MANAGRRE9B. N.l3,—Read this carefully, what you cannot understand, we will explain; we mean nothing but hinest and straight- forward dealings. Letters promptly attended too.

• MONEY LENT AT SHORT NOTICE. ADVANCES of large or small amounts (not less than £10) granted WITHOUT DELAY on promissory note only. NO BILLS OF SALH TAKEN. MODERATE TERMS. NO A.PPLICATION FEES. BUSINESS CONDUCTED STRAIGHTFORWARDLY. Full information supplied either personally or by post FREE OF COiT, and all enquiries TREATED WITH CONFIDENCE. Repayments arranged to snit borrower's convenience. Apply to : GEORGE PAYNE & SONS, 20, KENNZDY ST., COOPER ST., MANCHESTER. OR IG, SCHOOL lANP, LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISHBD 1870.

OTRICTLY PRIVATE 1,,..40AN5, ON A NOTE OF HAND ALONE • To LADIES AND GENTLEMEN AT A REASONABLE RATE OF INTEREST AND WITHOFT PUBLICITY REPAYMENTS TO SUIT BORROW RR' CONVENIENCE AIRS. J. BARRP:TT (SIANAGERESS), 1, CHESTER ROAD, WARRINGTON

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, BING-STREXT, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, C H ESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. PARTIES wishing for temporary CASH 1 ADVANCES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THH BORROW ER. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEvVSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS„ RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTEKTZON IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative will oall personally upon applicants and complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known ad my reputation stands unrivalled

CIONSTIPATION, Bil'lowness, cured, or money returned, 18.—PATir3oNS, 180 Radford Boulevard, Nottingham. FAVR yon any Foot Trouble ? Write for their new book 1. no charge.—HoLDEaes, 3, Harewood Place, Oxford it. I orolon, W.

I, R lARDEN'S HEALTH PILLS for Stomach disorders; gentle, thorough ; Is. lid., 2s. 9d.-261 Dowaerr Tottentrtm,

fill MKS (v•rious), Cure guaranteed ; highest testimonials ; 1 eaves operations ;li. 6d.—UmFais, 33, CamoridgA et, Liverpool.

rimy MY LINBMKNT for Mczetna, Bores, Wounds, Bad Breasts; 2 boxes 6d.—J. GBEENWOOD, Ittherstone it., Leigh. Lancashire.

tLL HKIN THOUBLRei.-Ihe very best Ointment. IV Bowden 's Indian Halal. Sample. —BoirDEN's. Baca- field, Barngtable.

DlLl:W.—Permanently Cured by Pil.-ene, in tins, Is. .1 2s. Eid., 4s. 6d.. post free, from PtLnASNE CURE Co., bilyer Arcade. Leicester.

KA L.lll„tise Ho:i:er.l3-ch'zoetTe%—, poet tnftriefiee lii.erzite,,Ctnya; 4soydes oHbstIi- bIUTCLIFFE. 2 Lord et. Ba2up, LanOrullre. 'itER TRIAL t—tiufferers from any Nervous Disorder ) whatroever send stamp for interesting descriptive Treatiee.-OAP6ULETTE COMPANY, Oswald rd., Oevrestry.

USTAB. 1850.—Hulme's ' Best Female Fills' are sold in UJ boxes, is. ljd , 2s. 9d. ; extra 41. 6d., useful and nstructive booklet post free.—HuLy Es Chemist,Nottingharn

RHRUMATI3II.—Uertain Care by Home Treatment. Simple, natural, curative. preventative. Post free, 2s. 9d.—NATURAL CURE COMPANY, Verwood, Wimborne, Dovset.

QTBRILB : Its Causes and Curative Treat- ment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women. A new cdttion just published. Post, free 3s. 9d., London.-BHELLEY & CO., LTD., 38. Graeechurch at.

TF YOU MIN "RUN DOWN" in health, Indian Tonic the real pick-me-up will put new life into you. Post free 100• and la. 20. from IL T. On&Y, 114. Vi/allwood rd., Leytonatone. filseelr. Send poatcird for free Trial bottle.

naINK-ORAVIN4 Cured fn about twa weeks by 'Oapsiam' Oniy a few bottles required by earnsst seekers. Boz. bottle. paclted in box, post free rn receipt of P.O. or stamps 2s. 93.—AuottsTua ALLEN. 283 Upland rd., Cul wieb,London.

HERALD P L —A Certain Cure for GOUT, ECZEM RHIRIXATISM LUMBAGO. SCIATICA, and all URIC ACID TROUBLES. HUNDREDS OF TESTIMONIAL 3. ONE SHILLING PER Box (POSTAGE ID. EXTRA.). HERALD /t CO., 411, HOLLOWAY RD., LONDON, N.

ITORTOIN'h OftIGINAL BENEvICT PILL 6. FOR 101C5LkLR.S. Iu a few days correct all irregularities an remove all obstructions ; also cure Anatolia., and CAIIBB no Injury ; to the married or single are invaluable. By post, under cover, for Is. IA-.1. or 2s. 93 . from U. D. HORTON (late Chief Dispenser from Birmingham Lying-in Hospital), Dept. 55 Aston road, North, Birmingham. Soid over 40 years,SUPPLIIM DIRBOT ONLY. SRLDOId liV/111 FAIL. All Ladies should send for a f •ee sample of Improved Sanitary rowel, and interesting h.)oklPt, cost free.

FOR morn& THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUti A NDE Ofo LAMES HAVB DERIVED GREAT BENRFIT FROM DN. DAVIS'S FAMOiTi FKMAL,: PILLS, GAVE HAD A WORLD-W/INC REPUTATION AS A A kr 1300 N O VV OM!tNKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anzemla Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite,Hysteria,Papitation of the Heart Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, aril all Female Ailments. Boxes 95d. Is. 15d., 2s. 9,1.45. Ed. and DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPALION CURE. A positive Specific for Piles and Constipation. and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- plaint. Bottles 2/9. 4/6. 11/-, by post 3d. extra, 309 PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON, W. (Only Addresa).

VOR SALE, Smart lURNOUT, R‘lll Car Cob 14-2 ; also .11 chew Light Cart, suit Cob 13 hands.-0117 ARMS HOTEL, Chester.

T IGHT Stylish WAGGOSIITTH (Horgan), carries four Al inside; shaft, and pole, brake, black and red wheels, lined blue cloth; equal to new.—W., Fron Hall, Hold.

I YOLB PRIM. bU,OOO rider agents wanted. Reliance Worlds Best r y2les, complete with all accessories. Buy terms 2e. weekly.—(N. Reliance Hogineering Co. Cycle Manufacturers, Liverpool, Wholesale Catalogue free

rjlHl Invention of the Season, a treasure for every cyclist. _IL —2,50 i punctures for is. lid My Improved Patent smoke Tube will reveal a puuctur3 in 20 seconds any where without water. Bahibited at Stanley Oycle show. Postage 31.---O. LONG. Phyllis st.. Barry Islan,l, Wales.

UREH—CYOLBS, 6.500 guaranteed machines, new and 1 second-band, from 255. each; and Badies in stock : accessories at half price: 10b-page list free to all : wholesale prices eye-opener. 5) p.c. cheaper than others : agents wanted.- WARRILOw AND 00., Weston-super• Mare.

ADY'S eAFllTY.—Bargain, as new, not soiled'. Free .1-1 wheel. sliver-plated rime beautifully lined in gold ; rim brake; high grade Coventry machine; best pneumatic tyres ; celluloid gear case ; all accessories ; £4 10s. lowest ; no use to owner ; genuine ; approval willingly.—K. STUCKEY, "Oak Villa," Clarendon rd., weston-super-gare.

f'lYCLß.—Marvellous sacrifice; Gent's new 1907 machine, highest grade Clincher tyres, Crabbe roller lever front and bac', rim brakes ; very latest ; Perry's hall- bearing free-wh.el ; p!ated rims ; coloured centres ; black enamelled and lined frame; mid-guards ; magnificent machine; not soiled ; complete, with gas lampe, bell, pump, spanner, &c. ; £4 10s, ; great bargain ; worth climble. Send orcapproval any distance before cash sent.—M. ROUSE, St. Madge. Pitman rd., Weston-super-Niar.

GIIINUIDIII liaßGAlN.—fient's High-grade COVHNTIOC CYOLI3. practscally as new, not soiled, very latest machine, silver-plated rime, New Departure free-wheel an Coasting Hub, two brakes, mudguards, beautifully plated, and lined medium size frame; plated lamp, pump, bell, bag, spanner, complete ; sacrifice Css• cash ; no esse to present owner; will send on iapproval.—G. BLACKMORR, 8, Oxford it., Weston-Super-Mar.

NO TROUBLE FOR IRELAND OR CYOLISTS WHO RIDE " WALTON " CYCLES. WE ARE ACTUALLSIAKERS, THEREFORE CAN SAVE YOU AGENTS' PROFITS. What is the use of a gnarantee from makers hundreds of miles away? Buy a" WALTON," made on the spot, with a STAMPED GUARANTEE. WORKS :-GREAT SANKEY, SHOWROOM :—SANKEY (TRAM TERMINUS.)

G A.RN ETT'S "NEW DEPARTMENT" to suit all classes. Call and look through the new premises adjoining the old show- rooms SANKEY STREET. GARNETT'S•

Zig Oraminer *ales riIHE WARRINGTON A MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Piper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketb, Wlnwick. Padgate, Lymm. Ace., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covere I by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca- ohire and Mid-Cheshire. rran RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday 1 morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. rpiu WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. Whines contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in tbe Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry_ THE EAftLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, publirhed every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Eariestown, Newton-le- Willows, Go'borne, Haydoek, Lowton Ac. The district thos comprised is a most importantipart of the Lancashire coal- fields. 911113 ST. HELENS EXAMtrentt. published every I Saturday morning .circulating in St. Helens, Preston Parr, Sutton. Peaeley Cross, &o.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID A DVERTIRE gENTS. APARTMENTS WAISTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE BOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCRLLA SOUS ‘VANTS ARTICLES FOUND. • MISCELLANEOUS SALE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION. One Three Six Thirteen 'Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 6d. ... is. ad. ... Is. Oft. ... 31. 94. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... 3s. Od Od 36 ... Is. Pd. ... Is. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 61. Pd. 45 ... Is. 3d. ... 3s. 15. ... ss. Od. ... 7s. Od. 54 ... Is. 6d. ... 3s. 81. ... 6s, Od. 101. Od

W• HODGKINSOS LTD. LADIES' TAILORING. EXPERT WORE. COSTUNIES FRONI 3 GUINEAS. BRIDGE STREET, WARRING lON.

--- --- • ;;....4: _ ---------44.1..-.;•,-------_, 7/ at c.l-•• -.`s. (Trade Mark) `-)Ot . . ..-Ysc-..., .1.,t, :4..,,,-"` ~- -.:.-'''Ti.::3;i".;,- • • fv..: ~:•.* A .',7 1. ,:.-;,:•,i7h ,:sg „•. t 4,1,,........,,.... ..„..... .: ~,,... ..5:,.. • • . \ ...„,1•71..tij L'',l, 7.A. ' :y' 1.• ~, 3% Or.:::•.' ~`4-,..e% ...,..;.':, :' .:.:'-...),•,.., ri ' . ''' .IVE. S ... . . .. CUR E,NEADACHE, INDIGESTION, CONSTIPATION, , , &TOIL/TY, FEMALE WEA:': c.,.7.- 5 SSE , plizs, .• DIZZINESS , SALLOW CCKPLEXIONS„ 14 ..A. PIMPLES AND ALL LIVER •"' • l' P., - ,S 4 111 i s 111i° " Pill ';1. ~.:•. 4. ' , r!•:; A/OLDS 3 TIME.- 1 ...0 ';;;;,1 1 .' 110,, •t; lii. ~ . ' : ./...e;s \'' It'''' - . t'' ,•. ~ ~,,,,i!, , A 'Af.'4.tiik 1-''-.--BAriA,O if • - • ,„1". , -... ...--- ---- -

A WARNING TO WORKMEN. Samuel Townshencl, of Clock Face, was charged at St. Helens on Tuesday, with unlawfully and maliciously breaking an electric lamp, the property of the Wigan Coal and Iron Company, doing damage to the amount of 2s. 6d. Mr. Arthur Ellis, who appeared for the prosecution, stated that the defendant was formerly in the employ of the company at their colliery, St. Helens but about three or four month ago, for certain reasons, he was dismissed. On Saturday afternoon, the 11th inst., defendant went to the colliery yard drunk. He was ordered out, but refused to go, and picking up a broom he struck at an electric lamp on the side of the wall and broke it. They had given him an opportunity on two occasions of paying the damage and expressing his regret, but he refused to do so. Defendant, who said the lamp slipped off the hook was fined ss. and 6s. costs, and ordered to pay 2s. 6d. damage. Speaking on Monday at the annnal meeting of the Children's Country Holidays Fund, in London, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle said the children of to-day were the nation of to-morrow, and if they could in any way turn the thoughts of the children to the country it might lead later in life to their finding a way into a more healthy environment. That might in after genera- tions bring an improvement in the national physique It was stated that last year 43,442 children were sent- away, or nearly 5,000 more than in 1905. CHESHIRE'S PRACTICAL COLLEGE. "Cheshire ought to feej proud of such an institution," said Mr. Balls, chairman of a deputation of Essex dairy farmers who visited the Cheshire County. Council College of Agriculture and Horticulture at Holmes Chapel on Tuesday. He added that he had never seen or heard of a more practical place.

"Dishes, alike delightful and digestible." —Leigh Hunt. Thinking no doubt of Brown & Poison's "Patent" Corn Flour. With this Corn Flour you can make something n:ce for every other day— hot Corn Flour puddings with cold fruit—the hot and cold go well to- gether—or all hot—baked or stewed apples, prunes, dried apricots with hot Corn Flour custard. Such fare as this is simple and wholesome, and good for everybody.

' :.... • . . V ;:,' '%.,•.,,, dr ' ~.."4. "An excellent Food, admirably adapted to the wants of infants and young persons." —SIR CHARLES A. CAMERON, C. 8., M.D.. ' Professor of Chemistry, R.C.5.1., Medical .' Officer of Health for Dublin, PURVEYORS BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO H.I.M. THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA. .. , , ~::,' '• "1617 -• , ,

Dr. BAKER'S BACKACKE PELLETS Are a new remedy, which have 'a marcglous effect in curing Backache, Lumbago, Gout, Rheu- matism, Sciatica, and all diseases of the Kidneys, &c. If you suffer, take one pellet three times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses you will have forgotten that you ever know the terrible pain of Backache &c. A Suffezer says :—." I obtained quick relief from a terrible backache after taking a few doses of Dr. Baker's Backache Pellets. Write at once enclosing 12 stamps for r-race ohe box or 33 stamps for 3 boxes to DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE Co., l/1?'• I'3, NELSON SQUARE, SOUTHWARK, LONDON, S.F.

A if/ 7.4 ,'. • .., „N \ ' .. ,•,...._ ........:, ::,-. "••• ~ , , ..." •,, ,t.....,,...-v. s' 7 , ,---'''',. - ii•:„.,,,,, ..zo.. --5. A.,, -.)15., i I ..,... .. ,ii'-'---;....:,--,. 1-- \ , I ',"- • ::::/ ,A.;.„----, . 'i•-• ,' v. 4 Alia,'",,- ,fi....___z: , ..... --......_=- ---- ,;7 ...,11—•;.,. NIP" tI i M-- 1:"TaTil) OUT ..------ ,___...._,-4 4--.-'--,---7.---- = --- ---_,e-,.---,,-_---,... .-----. ;--',_. 000 D ITS 4iSoN9s E;c.t of Herbs. A 6d. Bottle makes 8 GALLONS of Sparkling Herb Beer.

1 Their daintiness,iheir wholesomeness, r, their uniqueness, account for the popularity of the scaleless and prac- tically boneless little fish, , "SKIP ,s, ER„,„„aram .. ‘.-. ps Don't say you don't like Sardines till you have tried "SKIPPER." Tea- time, supper-time, any time, no relish beats "SKIPPER." Try a tin. Sixpence end your grocer's name and address will bring you a tin post free, if he has not got them. s Write—ANGUS WATSON fir CO. NEWCASTLE-ON-TYNE. canners—CH R. MELLAND & CO., Stavanger, Norway.

MANUFACTURERS. THERE GOLD MEDALS. BRANCHES EVERYWHERE. 10. THE A QUARTER OF A CENTURY'S REPUTATION. 1".....1 " BENEFIT BOOTS BY THE MILLIO.BI. "STANDWELLII, E lc miLmoNs BUY BENEFIT BOOTS." \k. 8/11 \.-..,..„ \--..., B.& 118, Bridge St., Warrington. 47, Victoria Rd., Widnes. - • ''''.. 45, Widnes Rd., Simms Cross, Widnes. Gent's Black or Brown ' P411116/1411110 Bridge St. & Market St., Earlestown. Box, Laced, Derby or Button. No. 2631. --*---"------ '' 6, High Street, Runcorn.

~.„,.. it. Itt• , , -4.14 ij''.4,_ I . ' °I Wa•TV ' Vo, 'I ' • ,« it. , . ...,___,..:..... ... .0,-....,„:„......1 _.._ _ . .....„ .. 42.SACKVILLESTREEI INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE of 1 RAPID CURE of GOUT AN RHEUMATISM by 1 GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by 'LADE'S PILLS ADE , -„,,, s PILLS. ' ITL "RELIEF SOON CAME ! " 14, Howarth-street, North Trafford, Manchester, "OBTAINED GREAT RELIEF." Novemb r 15th, 1906. 63, Sherwood-street, Oxford-road, Dear Sir,—For about sixteen years, I, had been a Reading, October lst, 1903. constant sufferer front severe attacks of 'rheumatism, Dear Sir,—l em xvritidg these lines to you to testify oftenbeing confined to bed for ten weeks at a time to the value of your Gout Pills. Mr father, who is and could get nothing to bring relief. I was, however now dead, was a great sufferer from Gout, in fact one induced to try your Pills, and of the worst sufferers in Reading, where we are well THE RELIEF I SOUGHT SOON CAME. known. My eldest brother is also a chronic sufferer, Since, then, on the slightest sign of the approach of and I myself suffer from the same complaint. My my old pains I fly to your remedy, and by so doing father and brother succeed in warding them off. I have the utmost faith OBTAINED GREAT RELIEF in the efficacy of your Pills, and nothing would induce from taking your Pills, so it is natural that I should me to be without a bottle of them in the house; in use them, and th;d I have done for the last five years, fact, my wife says to her friends that if the Pills were a and have always found thetfi to almost relieve me at guinea a bottle she would rather go short in other I once. lam still using them. Trusting you will not things than be without them a single week. I take offence at this poor letter, I remain, yours truly, Yours gratefully, J. HOPSON (a working man). JAMES BARLOW. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurbus matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, ls. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE RADE, 232, Goswell road London. \ GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. :CADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

If You Feel as Bad as You Often Look It is time you took yourself in hand and gave nature that aid which everyone else sees you need. Appearances generally indicate the condition, and it tells on you if you have Insomnia, Indigestion, Constipation, Biliousness, Torpid Liver, Kidney Trouble or a disordered stomach. If you have any of these troubles You Need to take steps immediately to right the wrong ere it is too late, by resorting to the never-failing remedy Beecham's Pills. They have cured thousands of others and will cure you. Women especially find a wonderful boon in Beecham's Pills, and a reliable and beneficial help in times of sickness and 111-health. In countless homes in all parts of the world whole families use BEEcHAm 9 S PILLS and find them reliable in maintaining good health. For over sixty years these Ding have been hpfr...,.1.4.- saAes ..A. ~eeater than ever betore, and greater than any other medicine. It proves that Beecham's Pills do all and more than is claimed for them, and also that they are the best medicine In the world. It will show you if you take them that your entire system will improve and you will look. well, you will feel well, and you will be well. - Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1/1i (56 pills) & 2/9 068 pills). • _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _

cdidur OT the sunbeam corresponds to possessing a particular rapidity of vibratgon and a particular wave length in the ether. HOW TO MAKE "DUTCH TEARS." "It is a great wonder to me," said an old chemist, "why more boys do not take up chemical experiments as an amusement. Why, I can do things with the common mate- rials of every-day life which really seem to b 3 more Magical to the uninitiated than any of the wonders that are ordinarily performed by magicians on the public stage. Some of them are BO simple, that by carrying them out at a parlour entertainment a bright boy could achieve the reputation of a magician. Now, there are those curious little bubbles of glass known variously as 'Prince Rupert's drops' and as 'Dutch tears.' Apparently they are merely little globules of glass with elongated tails made by heating a small glass rod in a flame,- and allowing the molten drops to fall into water. After they have cooled, you may pound the thick part with a hammer or mallet, yet you cannot break them. On the other hand, if you break a little piece on their tails, or toucii any part of, them with a quartz crystal, they will dig: appear into the surrounding atmosphere Quicker than snow will melt on a hot fire."

HoopiNG_COUGH ....... CROUP 1 The Celebrated Effectual Cure without Internal Medicine IROCHE'S Herbal Embrocation Will also be found very efficacious in cases of BRONCHITIS, LUMBAGO and RHEUMATISM Price 4s. per Bottle. of all ehemists. W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria St.,London, Eng

.loddaru-"6- Plate' pi,"Avder. far CieaningSilverElectroPlate.k Bold everywhere II: 216 4/6.,

tiStikty al li . - 4 , •7RAY. . • ,0,... ~.\\ Stove Polish , _ ~---c..--..- .4* ..7- i ~ Trade Mark. . ‘,.. deaier ' i Free Sample. id.. Id. and Sd. Ar tet ,` ' Lamont. Corns. and Co • 11, Queen Victoria Street, &C, I The Shine That Lasts Longest.

_ ACTS'.LIIS\E„LipiGHTNING \\N\ \\\\ 40 4, Nl/4.... or. , :,.,.trrtr ' .-1,•:.p. . ' ,:' ~ ~,,,41. 111 'llit . 44 • A-•.r..,,-.. .: %,'..c,‘ % A.. t, •- .. • .0•1 l'.- '-";:-.1,4-Itt. ..,' (~ ,• 44 ' ‘-: :,-,l.'P:''''''' If:b.' 14154 LI - ' • , :1; , .14' , ~--4 c. :k ‘,O: , .• .f. 4 ittj ' '0;1*. '-',,,:':"*.. '4 - LVP 1 ',,,,,, ,c,•).• /;,:,' •.4-4, -,.... ,:yi:. !.*Sit , ' • .i,7:filf,:,. ?,,, ..,1, :. . -.. . • r:,- .. ~.. A, ek,, ,'.,..! ' / el 4 • ''',,,A.,1APA,k,,,,P.,.,,,,-..,..4:_, N: ...,___„:ll,ptt: el_'-,..j...,', ~/ S REG - -------. \ , TRADE \ • L 1 KILLS PAIN IN MAN OR BEAST. The only sure cure for PARALYSIS, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Rheum atoids, Atrophied Muscles, Locomotor Ataxy, Sore Throat, Coughs, Colds in the Chest, Sprains, &c., &c. The most powerful embrocation in the World. Thousands of Testimonials. May be had from all Chemists at 2/9 and tili per bottle, or Post free from THE BODIE ELECTRIC DRUG CO., ' ' 163, Blackfrlars Road, LONDON, S.E.

A WONDERFUL DISCOVERY. This is the age of research and experiment,when all nature se to speak, is ransacked by the scientific for the comfort and happiness of man. Science has indeed made giaat strides during the past century, and among the—by no , means least important—discoveries in medicine comes that of THERAPIOW This preparation is unquestionably one of the moat reliable Patent Medicines ever_introduced, and has nada used In the Continental Hostbitals by Ricord, Boldest, Jobert, Veipeau, Maisonneuve, the well-known Chas- saignac, and indeed by all who are regarded as author- ities in such matters, including the celebrated Lalle- mand, and Roux, by whom it was some time since uniformly adopted, and that it is worthy the attention of those who require such a remedy we think there is no doubt. From the time of Aristotle downwards, a potent pf--44.ereet Ailoosisrs nas (Hite the KCiFotA litilosopher's stone) been the object of search of some hopeful, generous minds; and far beyond the mere power—if such could ever have been discovered—st transmuting the baser metals into gold is surely the discovery of a remedy so potent as to replenish the fail- ing energies in the one case, and in the other so effectu- ally, speedily, and safely to expel from the system the poisons of acquired or inherited diseases in all their pro- tean forms as to leave no taint or trace behind. Such is THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY, THERAPION, which may certainly rank with, if not take precedence of. Inany of the discoveries of our day, about which no little ostentation and noise havabeen made, and theqextensive and ever-increasing demand that has been created for this medicine appears to prove that it is destined to cast into oblivion all those questionable remedies that were formerly the sole reliance of medical men. For particulars of Therapien send stamped, addressed envelope to The IA Oen, Medicine Co., Hsverstook-rd, llampstead, Londe*. -

U.ARITSBLOODMIXEURf

THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER is warranted to Cleanse the Bh,od from all impurities from whatever cause arising. lii cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, ABSCESSES, BLOOD POISON, BOILS. PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its effsets are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials of wonderful cures from all parts of the world. Remember that this wonderful Medicine WILL PERMANENTLY CURE ALL KIN & BLOOD DISEASE Of all Chemists and Stores, 29 per Uottle. BEWARE OF IMITATIONS,

I , .. •,..1 l• ..EATI.NGS • 1 1 pOWDER . 1- - , , it 4.str :•:_. 1, 1 fI.T.AS. BUGS. FLIES ; .

• S Co iq-r) • 7.0.-1,1•014'E'.- SNOWDOL DISINFECTANTILUIDS AND POWDERS. • Many times. more effective than Carbolic Acid. ' • DISINFECTANT TOILET et BAR SOAPS. SNOWDOL SHEEP DIP, Approved by Board of Agriculture. To S,r Attuned fro, nil Ch. misft, or the 31cilt ofactureis, SNOWDON SONS & CO., LTD.,.MILLWALL, E.
