===== 0002601_19070511_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
Vc M. M'CL EA N & SONS,

NIONA' tHAN IRELAND IDPALblvili FIR-T-f)Lks IRISH HUNI'ENS AND CARRIADF HONSt;ti AND JOB MAsTiCRS. WP beg to thank the Gentry of Liverpool and surrounding districts for thei, oast pa.ronage siNce oneni,g oor LIVERPOOL BRANCH: SANDON MEWS, 80, EGERTON ST. Where owing to the increasing denten,* for our Speciality in 1110-class earrinue and Hunting ,rset, and to supply this tlenn,nd We hay. crrppletecl rotenone alterations, and trust, Y Strict and personal supervipion of business, to retain the Confidence in th.• foture as in the p,,st of our numerous patrons Aso soliciting the favour of th,se in want of Qool. sotin4, High-class Trish Horse, at molernte prices to entrust !IL"! Ith their req•ilr.m.,nts. our sole aim being attention and "at'iction in our cleaiin4s with cuotom,ro

WYCLIFFE CHURCEI, RIP,WSEY STREET, WARRTIqGTON.

TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), MAY 12TH, 1907 PREACHER: RRV. J. YONGR, 10.30 AND 6.30. USUAL OFPNRTORIRS.

ADMISSION SIXPENDI. a„ Season Tickets, 10s. 6d ; Farnily Tickets, 21e. so b. 11 obtained at the White I Itv Offices, 011 Trafford; Cort,,, • Thos. Cook and Son's Offices, Midland Hotel; 41, talearration sr.; el, Market Bt. ; and Victoria Bridge ; Bros., 124, Deansgate ; Messrs. M. Carr and Ad Alexandra' Rd., and Messrs. Popler' Piccadilly. Antu.14,61,1 all correspondence to AIR. 3. U. BROWN, "Mg director, White City, Manchester.

No 1569

LONDON AND NORTH-WKSTRRN RAILWAY. WHITSUNTIDE EXCURSIO

imiuNa WHITSUNTIDR HOLIDAY 3 EX CURSION TIClifiTS will be 'mei from Warriugton (Bank Quay), as under : MAY 17, 18 II'IAY 18, 20 rTIILI & OUCRS.-

MAY 18 YORK, DURRAII,NRWCASTLEI

& N.. LINE. MAY 17, 22, 23 nCOLAD (all parts). MAY 19,24 CARLISLE, EDINBORO, GL ',SGOVV. MAY 17 MAY 17. 18, 20 and / DUBLIN. CORK, KILLARNEY, Bach Day in Whitweek f and Interior Stations in Ireland. MAY 18, 20, 24, 25 LONDON (Ruston) with bookings to the Continent. MAY 18. 20 OXFORD, LEAMINGTON, &c. MAY 13 EASTERN COUNTIES. MAY 17, 18, 20 SOUTH COAST WATERING PLACES. MAY 20 SHREWSBURY, WHIT.

CHURCH, &c. MAY 20 BIRMINGHAM, WOLVER- HAMPTON, LRAMINGTON, &c. MAY 17, 18, 20 LYMAN& BLACKPOOL & PLBKTWOOD. MAY 18 and 20 _

LEEDS. MAY 18 and 20. and I. DOUGLAS (Isie of Man). Bash 13-y in Whit-week MAY 17, 18, 20 NORTH WALES COAST. MAY 18, 20, and Bach Day in Whit-week } LIVERPOOL. MAY 20, 21, 22, 23 24 SOUTHPORT. MAY 18. 20, and Bach Day in Whit-week } MANCHESTER.

The week-end tickets issued on Fridly and Raturelav will be available to return Sunday (train service permitting). Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. Ruston Station. London. FRIMBRIOK HARRISON, May, 1937. General Manager.

TWO GOOD PIANOS FOIL SALE.

EXORS. OF TEETH J. H. PA PKINSON, TEETH MANCHESTER, TEETH :HAN% OPENED AT TEETH 14, SANKEY SI TEETH WARRINGTON:: AND WILL ATTEND TEETH EVERY WEDNESDAY 11 to 7 TEETH Branches !at :CREWE, NORTHWICH TEETH and WINSFORD. (See Local Papers)

EVERY S tTURDLY 11 to 5.

ATKINSO v,

WARRINGTON DISP LAY

===== 0002601_19070511_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
_ , L . .tnier Ntsk- '?"

ONE PENNY

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WAKRIN-sTON. THB UNBMPLOYBD W 0141021441 Acr, 1935' NUTICII; OF Auorr 0 i4".r E ACCuUNTS OF THE DISTRE,4 COMMITTB 4 OF MIS BOROUGH FOR THU YEAR IMMO 31aT NIARJH, 1-07. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the ACCOUNTS of the above named Distress Committee together with all the account books, Wits, vouchers and other document., con- taining or relating to tha said accounts will on the 17th day of May, 1907. be deposited for seven days at the Municipal Offices, Bank House, Sankey-street, a,,d such statements and books of account will be open to be inspected, examined and copied by any ratepayer in the district of the said Couirnittee at any reasonable hour in the day thou: and that on the 29th day of May 1907. at the hour of 10.1 b o'clock in the fcrenoon, the Accounts of the said Committee will be audited by ERNEST W. HICKS, Esq. the Dis4rict Auditor, at the Municipal Offices. Sankey-street. Warrington, when and where every such ratepayer wt.() may have any objection to any matter contained in the above—named Accounts, may attend and prefer his objection, and the same will be heard and determined by the Auditor. Dated this 10th day of May, 1907 J. LYON WHITTLE. Clerk to the Distress Committee.

SATURDAY, MAY 11, 11007,

By POST }I 731 per Quarter Ss 6d per annum is 9d per Quarter credit

JAMES

11, AND 13, BRIDGE STREET, GRAND WHITSUNTIDE

OF THE NEWEST SUMMER MODES IN EVERYTHING FOR LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S WEAR.

CHIC MILLINERY,

SMART NOVELTIES FOR WHITSUNTIDE. THE •EASON' LATEST OREAriONT-z, TOGErHER WITH ADAPTArIONS BY OUR MILLINER AT QUI IE MODERATE PE/CES. DRESSMAK I N G.

SPECIAL EXHIRITION OF THE LATESP SUMMER DRESS FAIRICS. ONE oF THE MOST CHARMING RANQES OF -Um. dErt FA RIGS EVEtt Sti.)Wv. A IL., BE ON VIE.V IN OUR VSINDOWs DURING THE COMING NEE.

ARTISTIC DRESSMAKING COMBINED wrra ECONOMY A TRIAL ORDER SOLICITED. NEW BLOUSES, NECKWEAR, GLOVE $ LACES, &c.

FOR REALLY GOOD TAILORING, WHETHER LADIES' OR GENTLEMEN'S, GO TO • H. S. PAGE & CO., 74, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. WE STUDY YOUR WANTS AND LAY OURSELVES OUT TO SUPPLY THEM

ESTABLISHED 1838.

ItICIIARD JEFFR EYS,

88, BOLD-STREEI4 LIVERPOOL, FRAMn fdAKHR AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding end Birthday Presents, Sanool Prizes, &e. Terms Moderate. RSPRODUOTIONS BY HOLLYSII OF PICTUHES BY WATTS, ROSiRITI. and BURNS-JONES. AUTOTYPII ;lEPRODUOrIONS OF plarußus BS.

IN Hilt NATIONAL, TATE AND WHIM, GALLEIiI nHOICE COUR() no.

IN OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

capartbunts', gunnObeb 31/austs ttc

CIBMABF4 BAY, ANOLSSBY. —Farmhouse APART- ' MhNT, twf, ',Ming-rooms, four bedrooms ; close to shore.—HUGERS, Nantyplas:

CIONIFORTABLii urnished A PAHT:u liNTd. wither witti- NJ out board.- —Apply, Nirabit HAWORTH, Chatburn, Lancashire.

ON WAY, Vor Wears. —Sd,Ling and clout% -bedded k HOO St to Let. itood cookery and attendance. 20s. weekly. —CIANCLF. COTTAGE.

CI UNTHY APAHTSIHNTS.—ViIIage, river. 0114 mile; bed and sitting-room. 21m; PiVing guests.2e; garden, croquet, church, post. —ivy Houez. Joint', Huntingdonshire.

COLWY BAY.—Paying guests reoeived, or A.partmenta S with attendance. Well situate.l near station, Bea and woods, Large rooms.—M C.. W vnehrnore. Lawson rd.

I) 410 LA,. —slrs. QuAlmie, Liverpool tfouse, Peel rd._ Bed and breakfait 25. 6,1., full board 45. 6d Ws with- out board 25.

Itotelo, eparos. tliarilutil &Stab.

CRSTILL, Oemaes Bay, Anglesey-Farmhouse, turn shed, or APAR IMK ES ; auv period; few yards from. sea; river and sea fishing.—WlLLlAbfa.

DUBLIN-49, Eccles st.—Comfortable APARTMNIsIrd for visitors ; select; central; moderate; day or week; with or without board.—Mrs..GßOßiarc SEYBOUR.

DUBLIN' HXlllBlTlON.—Exoellent aocomrnylitlon to visitors ; board; bath ; central ; moderate terms.— Write Mrs Lrovb, 16, Lower Gardiner st., Dublin.

DUBLIN.-14. GELND CANAL ex.--APARTMCNTS. with or without board; comfortable ; 10 minutes walk to seaside and exhibition.

DOUGL AS. —The Annandale. 1 Church rd.. Promenade, 1 zrinute from shore; special reduced terms to end of K48T11•11 Proprietress.

TA }I.IGLAS, I 0 M.-4.PAUTNIRNTS, highly recommended If with or without ooard. i,ood o oking. 'farms moderate. —Mrs. FINNIGAN, 3, Roslyn Terrace.

comfortable. aele3t. central; moderate; with or withou. hnard,—Mtas 46. Upper Gardiner at., °lose to Jesuit's Church.

VAdrilkimUSlC To riAnat, Davao- L' barn, Nortbwin.

LjOLIIMY thaodPlCKL—Healtherit.s, Rothesay ; novel. I 1 social, delightful, inexpensive; guinea per week. IlluArated Prospectus free.

HOOLB, near Southport.— APAR T M ENT% wiih or with- out bard; bracing cotiniry and sea air; MELLOR. Poultry Farmer, Fmk Cottage. Hoole.

HOLIDAY APA fad HAT r-.—matiook Bath Large comfortable apartment,. Beet position. Raey access. Adjoining Royal Hotel, splendid view. Moderafe.—Miss PEANSON, Melbourne Hume, Temple Terrace.

H,YRR'S RESTAURANT (Kean By OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, cHPKL-SNEktr. CHOIR PARTIEI, PICNIC 3 &C. £EBTIMoNIALB FROM ALMotir EVERY TOWN IS LANCLSHIRE. Telephone 0465. OLDHST HSTARLISHI4D ItRERAUtLA.NI IN TOWN.

TRRLAND.—Pishing, 41ou.zh. river. oaoal ; gran i seam° 1 dation ; terms 201. week.—Write for information MURPHY, Poyntz Pass, Ireland

T LANDOLLl3N.—Comfuttable, well furnished APART. £4 MINTS; moderate terms. —VAUGHAN BUS! UNDS. EsLate Agent, Lieu:when.

I OBDON.—Superior APAR TM WITS for visitors by disy* AA or week; moderate :terms; bosrd Options!; central.—Write requirements Maxanaftg, 41, Bernsrd at., Russell square.

r MUM. ARGYUIVIIIIR. —Furnished new; IA nine spume ts ; bath. hot and cold ; lovely sea view; sandy beach; station eight minute.; near Wm.—lint..

1 LANDUDNO, PURNIBIIBD HOUSB.---IPor one or two LI months after May. south aspect, best locality; three entertaining, six bedroorus ; bath, is and C; electric light throughout; verandah.—D., Bron ifaul, Church-walks.

A HOMR FROM ROM'S at Mrs. STURLiNDEI, 104, Brdington rd., Central Delve, Blackpool

A NGlASEY.—Farmboude ~hooting and Ziflebing.—Miaa JONES, K pnyddadda. LlanddwaAnt Villey.

BDAIG, Argvlishire.—Purnlshed for summer months; IA seven A PARTMRNTS ; pla.no ; moriern conveniences; near sandy beach; 8 minute* station; 7 miles from Oban. Beautiful sea view. Boat.—.llfaonoun Dunv*lanrigh

T L&NDUDNO.—THN PALM,, North idadoe it. ; superior 1-1 APARTMIINTN; south sopeet ; unique position; two mihutes from pier; golf links Great Orme ; good cooking and bath ; moderate terms.—Mr. and tdrr. Srmar.g- TON (14 years butler to the late Miss Lord, Oakleigh, Ashton- on-Ildeasey ).

MRS. BUTTERWORTH. 11, SAvrt.ts ED . Black I. APAHTBINfirtiI, is. per old', Five minutes from Promenade.

pi LACK POOL, Nai.—gh-cl.os APARTMENTS ; facing I) sea; one minute North Pier.--Mrs. 11088, 5, Queen Cul.

t M 01030 11 X6l lt: ; 1, Albert rd . W.B. —Private or Publln APARTBIRNTS ; with or without board; moderate terms.— Mrs. Beowe.

14NAI BUlDGis.—APallralliNTl3 or blarn in well In. appointed house With lawn, on front taolug pier. Piano Cycle room. —JUBA:are. Glanynon.

ltyr ORBOAMBH BAY.—Cornforteble APAHTAIHNTI near 1.V.1 Promenade and West Had Pier. Terms on application. —Mrs. Warrenton, 3. West cfniiter rd.. Morecambe.

MILLOM. - APASTiIIiNT3 TO Bit LBT, two Furnished Bedrooms anl Bittingroorns ; eountry farmhouse; near railway station ; :nor/Anita terins.—fdrr. Gne.vait, Duddon Mount, The Green, Millon, Cumberland.

MORBOAMBR —WIILL-FURNISHBD VILLA; month or innvr ; 2 entertaining, 4 hed rooms, bath; coach- house. stabhnx ; electric light.—Mts. Soon, Greta Bank, Morecambe, W M.

BLAUKL'uOL.—Nrs BBaw, 37, Hull rd. ; near tea Central Station. and amusement..

B tUTIVUL HOLADAY ruk,uta, lovely part ot Wales; terms moderate —Joriss, Cillthro. Kerry, Mont

f'NLIIVIILBYS. Blackpool.—Comfortable APAHTIIIIIIT3. kl close to lea and tram.—Tiaaitza. Cookerham lane.

xTORTH WALES. Furnished APAR 113RNTS. Sitting and 11 Bedroom; splendid scenery, valley of Severn, by station; terms moderate.—B. T. HIIMPERILYB. Abermule.

NORTH WA.I4IIS. -APARPMIOI73 or food B Krding Lovely scenery. Mountain and sea air ; terms model'. ate.—Lowg. Summerhill. Dy.erth, neer MO.

10/11BBTATYN.—Snperlor APAUTM tIN I'S, sea front. Board J. or otherwise. Befioed Boglish home. Also tour-roomed Furnished Cottage. —Mrs. SMITH. DrAkelow."

PENMASINMetWtt, N. Wales —thx,ms tatting sea, near station. Benommetnied. Bathroom h. and 3.—8. BRINDA.I.I, Marine Terrace.

HOSNhIGH,ADOLudisY.- 9orutorthole AP&I4IIIINTer. it good cooking. hiver. 141* sea (5 minutes). Golf. boating. Whim fishing.— Mrs. IioLTER, Pautiles. _ QTRHTTO—N 11ILLS.—FURNISHBD HOUSH TO—BS LET 0 during Summer Months —Mew, Littlm Stretton. Shropehire.

IttAINKD DlUttelti has comfortable HOfdli far Invalids In .1 select neighblurhood Good cooking.-12, WINDSOR AvEnuit, booth Shore Blackplol.

w INDBEIdBitit•—FUSNI3HI4I) HOU3II, July and August; three sitting and 8 bedrooms (nine beds) ;. then, plat end boat supplied.—Apply CuNsgr Moms.

Mt 4 S. ROB. CLARK% STATIONER AND NB WSAGIiNT. "lIXAMINBIA " OFFIOH, 33. MARKET STREET, HARLESTOWN. SPANCY STATIONERY SUITABLII FOB PE HS II MS.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
WAREHOUSE

8 NEW BROWN ST., CATALOGUES FREE. MARKET ST 3Doors fro.m, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

A "Great Little" Scotmen.—The birth of a son and heir to Lord and Lady Graham is a notable event, as in the ordinary course of events ha will become the head of two great Scots ducal houses, viz., those of Montrose and Hamilton. This fortunate little heir was indeed "born in the purple," for not only will he inherit all the honours of the Montrose dukedom, but also the vast estates of the late Duke of Hamilton, the possession of which made his :daughter, Lady Mary Hamilton one of the greatest heiresses of her day at the time of her marriage in June last to the Marquis of Graham, heir to the Duke of Montrose. If this "great little" Scotsman, who is also a great-grandson of the Duchess of Devonshire, should live to be a future Duke of Montrose, he will become the largest landowner in the British Isles. The Friends of Royalty.—Of late years, youthful Royalties have mixed far more freely than of yore, in general society,and have been permitted to make many friendships among members of the aristocracy. For instance the two daughters of the Duke and Duchess of Connaught reckon among their intimates Lady Marjorie Manners, Lady Beauchamp, Mrs. Cazalet, Miss Helen Post, and Mrs. Jack Leslie; the daughters of the late Duke of Sax-Coburg-Gotha, have intimate friends in Mrs. Wilfrid Ashley, and Miss Toupie Lowther; whilst among the Queen of Spain's greatest friends in this country may be mentioned the Ladies Marjorie, and Violet Manners, and Miss Margaret Trefusis. The Princess of Wales has from the first permitted her children to make friends among the aristocracy, and drawn for them a decidedly wide circle, so also has the Princess Royal,and this very wise decision is apparently recommending itself to Queen Maud of Norway. " Queen " of Egypt.—Lady Cromer whose return from Pharoah land has been eagerly looked forward to by her numerous relatives and friends in these Isles, has enjoyed as brilliant a reign as her predecessor, and has succeeded in making herself universally beloved. The retiring " Queen " of Egypt is a daughter of the late and sister of the present-Lord Bath, connected with all that is best in the way of English aristocracy, and in every way calculated to fill a great representative position. Lady Cromer is also a very beautiful woman, tall and stately, with gracious charming manners, and is moreover always perfectly dressed. A Colonial Novelist.—Mrs. Humphry Ward, the distinguished uovelist, who has been acting as hostess to the Colonial visitors, is heaselta daughter of Greater Britain. Her father aps a son of Dr. Arnold, of Rugby, but he emigrated to Tasmania when that country was still a penal Colony, and it was at Hobart, the capital of Tasmania, that his daughter, Mary Augusta, the Mrs. Humphry Ward of to-day was born.. The city is said to be beautifully situated, and its invigorating climate attracts many visitors from Australia. Until compara- tively recent times, it was not considered polite to inquire too closely into the family history of Colonists, owing to the fact that many of them are descended from convicts transported into Tasmania, but the oritninal taint has long since Passed away into ancient history. The Boston Waltz.—This is to be a season of dances, so say authorities on the subject, and the new waltz has certainly "caught on." This particular dance consists of three running steps, in exact three times, and if the motion is kept very smooth and gliding, it is pleasant, and certainly it gets one over the ground at a great rate, and without fatigue. Men apparently, are becom- ing tired of assuming boredom, and standing about in limp attitudes at dances, and hostesses are therefore planning their balls with less anxiety than has fallen to their share during several seasons past. The Royal Academy.—From the point of view of the shilling paying public there are as usual, too • many portraits, in this year's Royal Academy. Of late years portraits have become a very prominent feature of the exhibitions, and this season they take up more space than ever. There are five Bailout portraits, including those of Lady Bassoon, Lady Essex and Lady Speyer, and many other eminent portrait painters are also numeroualy represented. Mr. A. S. Cope's painting of the Ring is really a portrait, and is said to be an exceedingly good likeness, but a miniature of Queen Alexandra is all that is to be seen of Her Majesty this year. Apart from Royalty, nearly all the subjects o the various portraits were present at the private view and afforded the opportunity of an interesting com- parison, when standing face to face with themselves on the eanvas. But to those not acquainted with the sitters, these portraits do not present any great attrac- tion. The public in fact, is bored to death with them, and would gladly see the space they take up occupied with more subject pictures, of which there are fewer than usual this year. Apart from this objection, it is generally conceded that merit and talent are repre- sented at this year's Academy without favouritism, and the Chantrey purchases are all of the works of compara- tively less-known artists or so-called "outsiders." Ball Gowns.—Dance dresses should either be built clearing the ground all round or, as the Americans say, with a ' quantity of dry goods " trailing behind. For comfort and convenience, the all-round short skirt is the best of course, after this the trained varieties Are the most easily manipulated, the skirts that rest a few inches on the ground being the most tiresome and

ungraceful, proving very difficult to get hold of, and very inartistic when bunched in the hand. For "little dances" this season, the short skirt will be possible for girls and young matrons, but at balls only the former will don the skirt that clears the ground, trained gowns on such occasions being correct for young and middle-aged matrons alike. The Petal Stole.—This very dainty little neck wrap may be fashioned by the home worker at comparatively small cost, and with very little trouble. First a length of net should be taken, and folded to meet in the middle, the width of the strip being about five inches. Then it must be closely box-pleated, the greatest care being taken to keep the pleats regular. Next, velvet or chenille loops should be sewn to each end,and last of all the chiffon petals which can be bought in various colours and sizes, must be lightly caught to the net here or there as fancy dictates. With dainty summer gowns, such a wrap will prove particularly becoming, and far less costly than the ready made ones to be seen in the shops. Rencivations.—An excellent notion whereby the sleeve of a season or two back can be brought up-to-date, is that of cutting it off a little above the elbow, and slash- ing it up the middle to the shoulder. The severed por- tions can then be connected by means of a lattice work of braid or ribbon of the little " pattes "composed of the material of which the dress is made. Dainty under- sleeves, preferably of lawn, and matching the vest and collar, should be worn with the curtailed sleeves, when the effect will be found to be entirely satisfactory. Combined Kitchen Arrangements.—Many expedients have been resorted to for the solution of the servant problem, which affects not only the housewives of Britain but those of continental countries, and even more of the United States, where the spectacle has been beheld of the "hired girl "sitting down to dinner with the family while the mistress of the house does the waiting. Various experiments have been tried in the States without success and now we read of a scheme in Germany which is being promulgated by a "One- Kitchen House Company. The idea is that in houses which consist of a series of flats, there would be one kitchen under a central mananement, so that the occu- piers of the flats would be relieved from all trouble and anxiety in regard to culinary arrangements. There seems to be something in the project although it will interfere very seriously with the traditions of the Germany family, whose hansfrau prides herself upon her sooking. It is true that the results are not always in conformity with British tastes, but they are eminently satisfactory to those most concerned, and the company will have some natural prejudices to overcome. It will be noticed that the scheme is not generally applicable, but if it is a success there will probably be another for delivering hot dinners at the smaller houses. _ _

MADGE.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Zam4uß Triumpiis Agalit.

Mrs. Scotchford, who lives at 18i; Ilingwood-road, Warnham-road, Waltbamstow, said to a local new4paper

eporter :

"About a year ago I got a tiny scratch on my foot. This became a sore place, and then what seemed to be pimples broke out all over my legs and feeti The irritation was so great that I could not refrain from scratching, with the result that the 'pimples gathered and discharged, making very serious wounds. These wounds grew and spread until my .legs and feet were pitted with great holes.. The pain was awful, and I could not put my feet to the ground. I attended a hospital for several weeks as an out-patient, and was treated for erysipelas and poisoning, but the lotion they gave me never seemed to have the slightest effect. "I then had to go into the Infirmary for three months. After this my " leg was declared to be incurable, and I was dis- charged. I mas at a loss what t 3 do next, when my son's foreman sent me a box of_ Zatn-Buk. I used it, and at once obtained considerable relief. Of course I immediately got some more, and now, after using five boxes, all the wounds are entirely healed. I am as wtil as ever I was in my life, ard back at my old work."

, , , ..•....:::::... ........ .....:.....:,.. ,t-4.1---a,.!:.-:ii,, eLv:.: ................. ..A" ......... : ~..,:,•::::.__, ,„. ....... :::::::: ......::;::,,,,....„.,:::„..........................., ... , .. .. ~,, ... ii.,00,,,,,.,,,,,::-..,::-....:,i,„.,„:::::..,..., •,,-.-.--,:,--:::-... . -,-...1.,,, 1, ;,,,..4*i7-_-: ':' --,..:•,•:--g". •-,. .. , , ":•-•,-,, ::: :. • ,• , ~-, , - --.•:,.-:•--...,..-..:-- ~..., ••••••:•-•------.-.:::::.....,......-;,........-7_,..,-,,, ••.* ~:•••••••• -- • ::: . : --.11 .... r. . •-•?; -- -, " . ... - -,, -: ', r. .., -1, . -....,,,,, : : -.. . ....•., .. ,:i1:1:11,--..-zr,:::::.....c1 •"1: ..**7;'::::::::: :: '....... ":: f:'-':-.".-Irr:::-.:77:'-' ...; .‘l:', :i. 6 "''''. '▪ -- - t....... --.',1-::;::::::_t.:--ii1-411::•;_.i:---7-2,___, no:, 6,1 •,..---/..i. 4 . ----::',..v --. -:-..1...-7,,,;-_:.----L I \ --:,:.-.:.'is.-'...,. -:- ....... ......... --T-4770FiV 1%11 :•:::. -.': '.-.;'-'-=-:l,2j)',",.:•;'*""v.` -j....,- p:,....-....;.•:*;.:•.:••,, • "• •••-•••••,:i-yezr-,/:,--4,,,K.05v.,‘•••••••••;••••••••••..••••,,*• . . .. ...........••• • " , ..,..............,,....,..:_,,,. ..,...

.. . .. •.. ,i ',Yr e' • . , •• '' . ' Or , . . ~;:s4' ‘,l • ' '. ' i :1•;[.% 4 t.,,,,,..; ..' ' , , . ~.. ' .:". W. , se -.. ,!.).' ,2 0k- .....,..,_ \ ~ ~

===== 0002601_19070511_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
-------- A NEEDED IMPROVEMENT.

A gentleman of considerable influence in Oldham having represented to Mr. Turngull, the chief superin- tendent of the London and North-Western Railway, the wants of would-be visitors and residents to North Wales, has received a very generous response to his application, and we are enabled to state that on and after June Ist next a new express train will leave Man- chester daily for Prestatyn, Rhyl, and Llandudno, at 6.15 p.m., and on Mondays only, commencing June 3rd, a new express train will leave Llandudno at 7.0 a.m. calling at Rhyl and Prestatyn at 7.37 and 7.44 a.m. res pectraely, and Warrington at BAS, arriving in Man- chester at 9.12 a.m. It is further expected that on and after July Ist this train will run daily. In Manchester and Lancashire it is felt that great ,advantage will be taken of the new arrangement, and the action of Mr. Turnbull is much appreciated. Thanks are also due to the gentleman who has taken so much trouble to bring about so desirable a result, which will be of mutual benefit to Lancashire and North Wales. It is well known that both visitors and residents from the Manchester district have in the past been prevented from journeying to North Wales because the outward train service has been too early and the return too late, and it is hoped that this new arrangement will be continued throughout the year, and so place North Wales in a position something approaching that which Blackpool has enjoyed for many years.

GREAT MAY DAY PROCESSION OF HORSES IN

LIVERPOOL.

On Satuday last this annual procession took place in beautiful weather, and as there is no town in the United Kingdom which can boast of so many magnificent horses —more particularly the draught animals used by railway companies, brewers and tradesmen—there is keen com- petition for the various valuable prizes which are offered. Amongst the successful competitors was the celebrated firm of biscuit manufacturers, Messrs. William Crawford and Sons Ltd., of Edinburgh, London and Liverpool, who took the silver cup, value 12 guineas, for the best animal exhibited in a four-wheeled vehicle. The same firm also took the second prize.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner,

WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

THE DUCHESS OP' AlpsTA. The Duchess of Aosta is acknowledged to be

one of the most beautiful women in Europe. She i Even the most healthy people are liable to sudden is very tall, yet her figure is SO exquisitely pro. : attacks of sore throat, bronchial cold, hoarseness, and ' nasty bronchial coughs ; and in all-too-many cases portioned, and her bearing so graceful, says -. these annoying troubles become chronic through mis- M. A. P., that one hardly realises her height. 'taken treatment with drowsy drugs, Her face is a perfect oval, with dark blue eyes, 1 The only sure and. safe method of obtaining and black eyebrows, and finely-cut features. while ' maintaining comfortable conditions in the throat and her complexion will stand the test of noonday, chest is to use Peps freely and regularly. Peps are the and she has quantities of the loveliest golden- light remedy for all throat and chest evils, for Peps brown hair. Like her sisters, the Queen of literally bring the true healing eccences of the rich Portugal, the Duchess of Guise.. and Princess . lung-invigorating pine trees to every home. Louise of Orleans, she was brought up by her 1 Peps are altogether unlike old-time cough lozenges clever mother to have the widest intellectual ! and drug-laden syrups and mixtures. Peps are abso- and outdoor interests Her Royal Highness lutely free from all drowsy and nerve:wrecking drugs. speaks English perfectly. with just a touch of Peps are quite unique ; a true breathing cure. The French accent which heightens the charm -of her rich pipe-fumes, which are released as the pleasant Peps conversation, for she has a great fund of ; dissolve on the tongue, are inhaled, direct into the humour; and yet the gracious simplicity of her i inngs, impregnating the tissues of throat, bronchial manner charms everyone who has the privilege ; tubes and lungs with soothing, demulcent, invigorating, of knowing her. She is supremely happy and expectorant pine essences. in the possession of two sturdy sons, aged nine I Peps cure the worst cough, ward off colds and chills, and seven respectively, on whom the King of I soothe and comfort obstinate bronchial or asthmatical Italy conferred two _or three ,years ago the titles I weakness, and infallibly and promptly conquer the most of Duke of Pouilles and Duke of Spoleta. 1 persistent throat trouble. Peps are a daily necessity to old folks troubled with an all-the-year-round cough, and are simply indispensable in the nursery. But beware of cheap and worthless substitutes and imitations. Look for the registered name—Peps—on every box and every tablet. There's nothing like Peps which are sold only in sealed boxes at ls.lA. or 2s.'9d.

PROTECTIVE OVERALL,

With Spring - cleaning looming large in the near future, one of the most useful and necessary additions to one's wardrobe is a big practical overall apron which will completely protect the gown beneath from soil or stain. Just such an apron is pictured in our sketch. The material in which it is achieved is a substantial print, which can be washed and even boiled with im- punity. Over the shoulders comes a neat little yoke, cut square at the top. and coming down

to a point in front. This yoke is lined with the same material, to give it sufficient ffrmness, and is machined all round the edges. On to'the bot- tom of the yoke the pinafore is gathered .with a fair 'amount of fulness,: additional width being secured by the sharp goring of the seams. A wide plain waistband belts in the apron and fastens in front with a big button. The overall is completed by bishop sleeves, which terminate in neat cuffs buttouing at the wrist.

API7L-' it' 10 j; SiZ E: i 't,".eio% 4Z • if. , NI ;:i. j.l ' , • ---4 \ 7) .„ ?,..„...3.,-. i.,/,,,, :._•.:...• •-.,,, 1-• oif•.,J.-7i,;:..., ~.i. • ~,,••..,...._ ',„: _•/(,:i„-A-. „..z • •,•• "4 ',i/ 's.i., ' •.i \ ' )1/1/'S • :II" \l'.f:' . ' ~ , .1 , . 1 ; • r :Hp • r 1, " . • i:if -,•ii • 1, '-i. • //i .1.• • ''. \\ 1.. \ 'r4' /1 •'iji; • ~'I i ~, ,„‘•• //,,,p,i. ,' / i!i - L• . ir'i.'.' • 1 .1. • . :i,., ' \ ~, /\i .1' /1 .1.". iri.lizi - . .',,]', . .-;, • ,'•:;.1. il'ij;,, : /,,, HA, •I,' - • ./. •.v t-,, ~i ~,.1 ,;11 ;',-.• - ~„ ••iri, , '.: j ~ N • i, • --..— • -*-1, -- -.11.-- -,/, '•• '. • ' 6 '''..'-iir:::::,',_‘:_ly., -, - tr.,,•,..' • ._ ~:,-. e.'''',. - ---------•;.i-''•'--,--, ':,,,- .

===== 0002601_19070511_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONABLE FABRICS

Fashion decrees that we are to be most gossa- mer in our 'attire, and the very finest chiffon voile marquisettes and chiffon foulards, together with chiffon satin and taffetas mousseline. will be seen to the exclusion of almost everything else during the coming months. dectlares the Queen. The colourings are simply lovely. The rose-red pinks, the cornflower-blues or that is the veri- table blue they are), the reed-greens, and the lighter tones of the same class of green threaten to be extremely well worn, and nearly, all the thin coloured materials, especially in the red browns and tabac browns, are being made up over white, their charm enhanced by hats with drooping feathers, the 'feathers almost hiding the hat. The skeleton check voiles, with embroidered yokes, make charming blouses, though we are hardly likely to be wearing anything but white blouses this year, made in thick and thin muslin, beautifully embroidered, mostly in satin stitch, though the open. hole embroidery still holds its own. Taffetas and mousseline-de-soie are both very well blended, and the soutache or narrow line of braid is a feature in fashion.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
EMBROIDERED BLOUSE

Quite one of the most noticeable features of up-to-date shirt blouses is the amount of beauti- ful hand-embroidery with which they are deco- rated. The pretty model illustrated in our sketch, though of a very simple type, exhibits this feature in one of its happiest forms. As the embroidery consists entirely of large bold scal- lops, rather coarsely worked, it is very quickly done, and is wonderfully effective. Down the

middle of the front runs a wide box-pleat, bor. dere(' on either edge with the embroidered scallops. On either side of this pleat come three wide tucks, the last projecting over the sleeve, each scalloped at the edge. The sleeves are of the • bishop type, and are taken into deep cuffs buttonholed top and bottom. The original blouse was carried out in pale mauve linen with white embroidery, but any material and any' colour scheme can be successfully employed for the purpose. _ _

'A.1(51 1 z. ' ( ~ .. (‘.' ' .4:1, ) , it) , •,,, . d „ ° I / q' ' 1 , / I 1 /41 ' ~ ,` •'' ' 1- 1 ' ) 14.1,._‘,,, .) ' .. • . .-- •,.>,,,s : .47

===== 0002601_19070511_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHION'S FOB MAY.

Taffetas visites, trimmed with fussy little frills of plisse chiffon, and worn in harmony with fine cloth or voile skirts, says Mrs. Jack May in the May World and His Wife, are to ply a leading part this season in the world of dress. Arranged in cape form or with winged sleeves, the fronts resolving into long stole-ends, these " visites " are certain to prove serious rivals to the feather stole, though that they will entirely usurp the place held so long by .these feathery favourites is a very doubtful prophecy on their behalf. The kimono corsage is having a most successful career, and, in spite of the radical revolution it has wrought in silhouette, is being accepted with open arms all along the line. Many variations are rung on the leading theme, such as fichu draperies, bretelles, and the like: but the maid principle of the notion is to be observed through all—namely, a drooping shoulder and wide arm- hole effect.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
To-DAY'S RECIPE.

WHITINGS A L'ITALIENNE.—Take two whitings, ono shallot, two tomatoes, minced very fine, half-a-pint of white stock, half a teacupful of cream, salt to taste to few drops of garlic vine- gar, a little lemon-juire, and half a teaspoonful of powdered sugar. Chop the shall9t, mince the tomato very fine, pour on the stock' and simmer for fifteen minutes. If the colour should not be rood. add cream in the above oronortion. and strain it tnrougn a tine sieve. Season it, and pttt in the vinegar, lemon-juice, and sugar. Now boil the wbiting, take out the middle bone, and skin, nut on the'clish, and pour the gime() over iiA

===== 0002601_19070511_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
Satui day, May 11, 1907

i i PEPS WILL GUARD YOU LALL RIGHTS RESERVED. j THE EXPLOITS OF THE ! Against the Manifold Perils of Sudden ONE-EYED MAN. I Weather Changes. 1

By EDWARD TOWLER,

lII.—THE • DETECTIVE'S DISCOMFITURE. To say that the British public was crying aloud against the police for effecting no arrests in connection with the crimes com- mitted at the . Norfolk bank and the bullion robbery, from the specie van of the North- Western • express but feebly expresses the nation's sentiments. The Press and people alike howled for the ,arrest of the gang, for it was felt that such stupendous undertakings .could never be accomplished by a man work- ing single-handed. There must be a master mind, the heads of Scotland Yard were assured, but who was he? Where did lie come from? Secure the leader of the gang, and then there would be no more terrible tragedies. Ah,. to get him! It was a distinct case of catch your hare. There was as yet no clue to the prepetrators of the crime in Norwich, and there was much less evidences to guide them in the affair of the specie van. -So a came about that Inspector Bullen, of Scotland Yard, was de- puted to undertake the unravelling of the mystery.

Inspector Bullen's first step was to journey down to Liverpool, and make the most rigid inquiries. All the information he gained was the fact • that the last carriage had been re- served for two men. Further inquiries went to, confirm the inspector's, impression that there was an American at the bottom of the affair. Point one: An important factor in support of that idea was that before the Eastern Century Bank robbery, -there had been two gentlemen staying at Wpybourne, in Norfolk, under :the names of Rowland T. Rowlands and Henry J. Macassar. Point two: In support -of first theory. The One-eyed Man, on taking the .rooms,, had given a name in the American style, viz., Rowland T. Rowlands, and to the inspector this was an indubitable clue. There- fore, in his own mind, he was satisfied they were Americans.

• His next step was to proceed to Norfolk, and, continuing his inquiries there, he found the cottage at which Rowland T. Rowlands and Henry J. Macassar had stayed; and for *a week Inspector Bullen went "moth hunting" on his own account. One thing he found out from the local coastguard, and that was the sudden appearance and equally sudden dis- appearance of a Submarine off. Cley the day of the bank robbery at Norwich. Could there be any link between the circumstance and the crime? How to connect the two occurrences was the question. From the police he learnt that they had stopped the driver of a Panhard on the road between Cromer and Sheringham on the date of the robbery. Were these—the Panhard and the Submarine—links in the chain of evidence? He felt he was on the track of the miscreants at last. In his own mind he was convinced of the accuracy of his deductions, but yet the affair of the specie van, robbed in mid-country, shewed no possi- bility of a Submarine being used in that con- nection. Stay—yes—was there not the chance of the bullion being in it? Ah ! find the Sub- marine, and he was assured that he would find the bullion. Yes, that was it. The question again rose, find it! Only the coastguard had seen it, and that only for a moment out at sea. Therein lay his greatest difficulty. He was hot-foot on the chase, and his spirits rose as he turned the mystery over and over in his mind during his journey back to London. It was the habit of the inspector to search the agony columns of the papers every morn- ing, and two days after his arrival he saw -the following: "There is no hope unless for- ward the money, as the patient must l take a sea voyage.—Mexico." He cut that out, and determined to follow the correspondence, and next morning's paper contained the following: Have been to sanatorium. Very ill. Some- thing must he done.—Mexico." That also he cut out. Then came the answer: "Meet me Post-office, Charing Cross, 10 p.m. to-night." Inspector Bullen determined to be there also, to see if the correspondents were any of the numerous birds he wanted in his net. He did not for the moment connect them with his Submarine gang. There was no one in particular abottt when he took up his position to watch at 9.50, but promptly on the stroke of ten o'clock two men met by the Post-office entrance. For a moment they conversed in low tones; then the quick ear of the detective caught the words: Still ill." That convinced him he had before him the advertisers in the morning paper. He decided to follow them. They, took the next 'bus to the Bank, riding outside. He took the same 'bus, inside, selecting a seat near the door. The two outside passengers alighted at the Bank, and the inspector followed them to the Metropolitan Railway Station. They booked to Wapping. Inspector Bullen, still un- observed, rode in the guard's van to that station, and then, carefully keeping in the shadows, followed stealthily in the wake of the two men.

It was a long and tedious track, but at last it came to an end by one of the dark and almost deserted docks of the riverside. The men suddenly disappeared, and the next moment Inspector Bullen was seized from be- hind, and his arms pinioned. A bag was thrust over his head, and a stunning blow bereft him of consciousness. When he regained his senses he found he was alone in a cabin of a small yacht, unbound and free, but around him a silence as of death. For some minutes he took in the situation. Then the door opened, and a well-dressed, gentlemanly-lock- ing man entered tht cabin. It was One of the men he had tracked. , "Good evening, Inspector," he said. "I trust your little journey will not inconvenience you."

" Journey !" was the answer. understand you." The other smiled.

"I do not

"You are taking it now,

Inspector." The inspector was mystified, and his face shewed his surprise. The other wont on: " Possibly the slight tap you received two hours ago. Inspector, has somewhat dimmed your usually clear brain. Yob. are down the Thames, near , Gravesend. I believe you came on board at Wapping. The reason you feel no motion and hear no sound is because yeti are in the object of your search, the Sub- marine."

' For a moment even thet phlegmatic calm of the inspector deserted him, and his face shewed the tremendous effect the statement had noon him. The gentleman, no other than the One-eyed Man, scrupulously attired as usual, smiled as he saw the thrust had gone home, for be added, "I take it that it was. the object of your search, Inspector?" The inspector's nerve returned, and he smiled blandly. "You may take it that it v.-as," he answered: "And now that you have found us, or rather, I should say, we have found you, In- spector, have you ' any special plan of action ready? Surely your fertile brain has already conceived some scheme whereby 'we and the ' Submarine are to ,be transplanted, lock, stock, and barrel, shall I say, to New Scot- land Yard?"

Inspector Bullen determined to shew no sign of fear, though he was only too well aware that his life was not worth much in the hands of these men. _ _ _ _

- "I have no objection to so -doing," he an- swered, banteringly, "but at the .moment I must confess that I see no way." The One-eyed Man answered tartly. "No. You see no way, Inspector; you see no way. For the second time to-night you are blind. We do not 'intend you shall see a way either. The advertisement was well planned, In- pector, well planned; but we were afraid you might ' tumble ' and not follow our decoy. How was it your astute brain saw no connec- tion between the advertisements and us, eh, Mr. Inspector? for, personally, I do not„.think you connected it with us." Inspector Bullen replied simply, "I did not. It is my habit to study 'advertisements-L. it is my business, and seeing yours in the Eqiltrse of that business-, was on hand at your cer.dezvous." •

_ . The One-eyed Man sneered. "You saw nc connection. You are not as sharp as we _gave you credit for. It was signed 'Mexico.' Does Oat convey anything tO you?" " Mexico? " said the inspector. "Mexico?" "Yes, Mexico," again sneered the One-eyed Man. "Are you still blind, air!. _

For the moment the brain of the inspectoz was working under forced draught. Then he knew. Like a flash it passed through his mind. "Good heavens!' he exclaimed, involun•

tarily. "So, Mr. Inspector, you see now. My lieutenant is known as the 'Greaser.' You were aware of that. Now, ' Greaser ' is essen- tially a Mexican word; that was why we used it to lure you here. What we were afraid of was that you might have the decoys arrested as suspicious persons. There again, if I may teach you your duty, you missed your point. On the other hand, seeing no connection, you could not take it. Naturally. Really, In- spector, I fail to see how you have achieved ur present standing in Scotland Yard. You a.re no Sherlock Holmes, Mr. Bullen." The inspector winced. "You may maxe what remarks you like," he replied. "You are not yet out of the wood." "Nor are you out of the Submarine. Per- sonally, I do not think you will be for some time, and when you are it will be in such a state that we are assured you cannot pry into any further secrets of ours." You threaten Me ? " said the inspector. threaten! Pardon me, I believe in the old adage, 'Threatened men live long', and I never threaten, Mr. Bullen. I perform. You hear me? I perform." The inspector looked him fearlessly in the face. "Your record bears you out for -the murderer that you are," he answered. He was determined to shew no signs of fear to this man. The One-eyed Man smiled. "You have a good memory," he said. "I have had many aliases, but that of murderer has not been applied before." That may be. Your victims never live to accuse 'you,' answered the inspector._ _ _

The One-eyed Man shrugged- his shoulders. "Well hit," he said. I acknowledge the point—they do not." "May I dtsk your intentions as regards my- self ? " inquired the inspector.' "Certainly. We take you out to sea, lash you to our little platform by the conning tower, and " "And what?" hoarsely asked the other. "And 'sink—after a time," was the cold, brutal reply. Inspector Bullen's face paled, but it was not from fear. In the innumerable tight cor- ners in which he had been he had had many a rough-and-tumble fight. One was a fight in hot blood, when knives flashed like a glint of sunlight, and a bullet pinged against a wall like the hum of a bee. Re knew no fear, but what palgd his cheeks now was the hor- rible, slow, relentless death that he pictured —a death where the agony was prolonged possibly for hours. "Sink—after a time." After a time—what length of time? Then hie eyes lit with hope. There was one chance, a passing' ship might see him before the boat sank, for would he net be the only one upon the fatal platform of the conning tower? The One-eyed Man noticed the renewed light in the inspector's eyes, and said: "You. think you may be seen and rescued, Mr. Bullen? You must have, a poor opinion of our methods of business. We have a peri- scope, and, although we are underneath the waves, the surface of the sea is seen by us, as in the camera obscura. You follow met"

The heart of the •inspector died within him. "I follow," he said, simply. The One-eyed Man went on, "It is usual for a Submarine to stay below the water for four or five hours only. You have been below - for nearly that period. But our boat differs , from all others in that we can remain below for a month, if necessary. So, you see, there is no occasion for us to hurry. The special

invehtion is our own. By the way, what would it be worth to your Government, Mr. Bullen ? Wouldn't it be cheap at a million, or cheap -at my .pardon? Possibly I may offer it when I get in the 'corner you are in. Who knows? The pitcher that goes—' You know the rest. You are fond of proverbs, Mr. Inspector." "'Gets, broken at last Mr. Rowland T. - Rowlands," said the inspector. The One-eyed Man laughed that wintry laugh of his—the laugh that preceded the death of the two men in the Euston-road. "Hit again. Inspector, hit again. So you tumbled to that. Well, well, ,upon my: word, you are really smart. You can follow, you and your cursed police. That is all you can do. Follow, follow like a flock of sheep, but they never catch the master; they never • have brains for that., Immediately they scent some- thing they rush off to the papers, and blazon forth the fact that they have got a clue. That is all they will ever get of mine. Let them follow it. I wish you good-night; you may sleep on the cushions. In the morning .you will be ,off Harwich, then we will see ,to you." With that he left the cabin. tiispector Bullen's eyes travelled round and round the cabin. There was absolutely no escape for him. It was not like a ship. Had it been he might have rushed upon deck and sprung overboard, trusting to Providence. But here it was a • prison indeed, for water was round and above him. He got up and tried the door. The moment his hand touched ; the handle a bell rang out loudly. He started back, astounded. A moment after a man entered.

" It'ou rang," he said; "what do you re- quire?

"Supper," said the inspector, brusquely. ",Do you intend to starve me?" And he scanned the face of the man to see if he knew him; but he did not " Good ! I will bring it," answered the man. "You have a good heart, Mr. Police- man." •

The inspector smiled. "So you know my fate, do you?" he queried. "I do," was the reply. "We all do here. No one who Comes into this web escapes." "Is there a hope for me? " asked the in- spector. "If you could help me I would make it: worth your while." . The man smiled. "The price?" he asked. "The ones?" " How-- would a thousand pounds do, and pardon, supposing we captured this craft and Lis owners? " he whispered. ,The man grinned. " A thousand pounds ! Great Scott! a man could do a. lot on that." " Yes," said the inspector, "he could. I would guarantee you. that amount and a par- don."

The man grinned again. ".My s'ilare of the boodle on this craft, is fifteen th.iusand pounds. Am I giving it to you for r. rotten thousand pounds and a pardon?. No fear. The one point about our One-eyed Boss i serve him well and he'll pay well ; serve him on the cross, and—well, he puts us safe beyond the . temptation of a miserable police reward. • No, thanks, Mr. Inspector; no, thanks. Now get your supper." And he went aWay. The heart of the inspector died within him. He was without hope. The supper was brought in; and he made a pretence of eat- ing it, revolving schemes the while, but all to no purpose; and at last, -utterly worn ,out, he ; fell into a troubled sleep. He was awakened some hours later by the " opening of the cabin dooli. Six men en- ' tered, and almost before he was aware of their presence -seized him, bound his arms and legs, and carried him on deck, where in the bright sunshine the One-eyed Man stood, while tiny waves rippled against the now rnlcss Submarine. 1 sow," he said,. "your hour has. come. Inspector made no reply. "Tie him up," he ordered. " Stay ! Let us make him look as -if he had had a chance. Rig a life-belt on him, so that when we cut him adrift it will look the better. We must study appearances, he said, cynically. It was done. "Lash 'him to. the flagstaff," he com- manded. This was also done. " Below !" he said, laconically, and the crew crept silently through the manhole of the boat and went below. The One-eyed Man followed, saying as he did so: "Au revoir, Mr. 'Millen, au revoir." ' The cover was screwed down from inside, .Ind the inspector- we,s left face to face with death. How long would it be before they sank him—drowned him like a dog—how long? The cold sweat ran down his Ince. Dyer the sea a, white mist crept as, a curtain, nearer and nearer, and the little craft was enveloped in it. Still they kept. above; • must have been nearly half-an-hour sin.• .hey left him. To the inspector it was a ifetime. Alt: what was that? They were sinking. Yes. the deck, once two feet from Ihe sea, was now level with it. Ho watched 'he rivets in the plating.. No, tbey had stopped again. It was the diabolical torinp

of the One-eyed Man. - He felt Ins °rain. bursting, and then out of the fog loomed the bow of a steamer. There was a stunning crash, and he knew no more until he found himself floating upon the water, his cork jacket supporting him admirably. An hour later he .was picked up by a Lowestoft steam -- drifter.

He thought of the Submarine. It had gone down with all its .booty and its crew. It was lost for ever, together with the greatest gang .of ruffians that ever enineered a crime. • But had it?

The steamer that ran them down only tore away the little tower and its flagstaff, for the Submarine's owners, profiting by the lesson of the ill-fated Al, had a double deck below. the conning-tower. So all the evil effect felt by them was a tremendous /shock and a boat .that almost turned turtle, and then—quiet- And the Submarine was still a tremendous power for evil. But that Inspector Bul had still .to learn.

[Next week: THE AFFAIR OF THE rix NECKLACE," when we tin meet the Oa' 'eyed Man ashore.]

===== 0002601_19070511_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
APPLETON RIFLE CLUB.

Annual Meeting.

The annual meeting of the Apple-ion Rifle Club was held at the Range on Saturday aftemoon under the presidency of Mr. Seger Owen.

FINANCIAL.

The financial statement showed that the only liability of the Club was a bank overdraft of £29 9s. 11d, as against £52 10s. 10d. outstanding accounts on 31st December 1905, and that the balance surplus on the revenua account was £lB 3s. Gd. as compared With £14.05. 11d, at the end of 1905.

The balance sheet was passed. SUBSCRIPTION REDUCED.

The meeting Approved alterations of rules, the effect being to give the committee power to add to their number and to reduce the annual subscription to ss. It was stated that 23 new members had been elected provisionally upon the subscription being thus reduced.

SECRETARY'S REPORT.

In his report the Secretary (Mr. _Arthur Down) said: —At the end of the 1905 season the nominal strength of "the club was 90 members, but the club as constituted at the end of the 1006 season consisted of 33 members, ten of whom were members of local battalions of the Volunteers. One member has since resigned. The apparent falling off of membership was due to the fact that, under a resolution carried at the annual general meeting, held 12th May, 1906, no outstanding subscrip- tions prior to 1905 have been asked for. This, together with resigna tions,caused the reduction in the membership All arrears,of subscriptions for 1905 and 1906 have been paid by the present members. Fifteen members attended the range during last season. Fourteen competed for the" Rifleman's Certificate," and there certificates.were awarded, two to Lance-Sergeant W. Stewart and one to Mr. A. Down. The competitions for these certificates aroused much interest, and greatly improved the shoot- ing. Seven members" competed for the Donegall Bronze Badge—provided annually by the National Rifle Associa- tion—the winner being Sergeant-Drummer J. W. Plinston, who, on the 22nd of September last, made a score of 78 opt of a possible 80 points. Three thousand three hundred and ninety-five cartridges of various kinds were used by the club members last season. The Warrington Volunteers had the use of the range last season (as previously) on three evenings in each week, and also for their Easter competitions. The Warring- ton branch of the National Service League also used the range on nine Thursday afternoons, and held their first annual competition there on Saturday, the 29th of September, the club allowing them on that day the - exclmive uss of the range. The rent paid by the National Service League and the proceeds of the sale of ammunition to them has resulted in a small profit to the club. The debt on the initial expenditure on the equipment of the range has been paid by an overdraft on the bank, and the committee expect that by the end of the present year the club will be almost, if not .quite, out of debt. For the coming season arrangements have been made with the colonel and officers of the Warrington Volunteers for the battalion to have the use of the range on Monday, Tuesday, and Friday evenings, as before. Satisfactory terms have also been arranged with the executive of the Warrington branch of the National Service League for the League to have the ese of the range on 11 dates during the ,60tning.season. The rapid growth of the National Service League in the Warrington district has caused a much more extensive use of the range by them than was the case at the beginning of last season, necessitating the making of different arrangements for their convenience this year. Mutually satisfactory terms have been made with the executive of the Stockton Heath Company of the Church Lads' Brigade for those who are 16 years or over to receive histruction in rifle shooting at the range on ten Wednesday evenings, from 6.30 to 8.30. I regret to have to inform you that Mr. Edward Bate, who has been our caretaker ever since the formation of the club in the year 1902, is unsible to undertake the duties this season owing to failing health. The services of Mr. Isaac Broady have, however, been secured, and judging from the way he has taken up his duties, I feel sure we shall have nothing to complain of. The clubseason this year will be from the 4th' of May to the 28th of Sep- tember, and the range will be open to club members on 21. Saturdays, from 3 p.m. to 5.30 p.m., and on 21 Thurs- days, from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m., when a marker and the caretaker (Mr. Broady) will be in attendance. There will be five monthly club prize competitions on the last Saturdays in the several months,and the committee hope that on the remaining shooting days all marksmen who are sufficiently competent will compete for the "Ekilled Shot" and" Rifleman's Certificates." A special target will be Set apart each day for the use of those who are not sufficiently experienced to compete for the certifi- cates. Two War Office miniature rifles have been pre- sented to the club for use this and subsequent seasons, one by Mr. V. B. Davies and the other by the Secre- tary; and the three Martini-Francott rifles belonging to the club have been thoroughly overhauled and repaired. The Committee hope that others may join the club, and that full advantage may be taken of the facilities for shooting, both on Thursdays and Saturdays, which are offered to the members of the club. In conclusion, I should like to mention that Mr. Thomas Daintith and his sons have rendered valuable service to the club by kindly allowing a notice to be displayed in their shop, and by obtaining the names of gentlemen desirous of becoming members. -

The S;cretary was warmly complimented upon the report which was adopted.

OFFICERS.

Mr. T. H. Lyon was re-elected president; Sir Gilbert Greenall,' Bart., and Col. Ridgway. V.D., vice-presi- dents; and the following constitute the committee : The Rev. H. A. Lester, and Messrs. V. B. Davies, A. Warburton, .1. J. Whitley, Segar Owen, P. J. Grocott, R. M. Roberts, E. Draper, F. Warburton, .1. Hobin, F. Gandy, T. A. Sutton, and J. Wilcock; bon treasurer, Mr. L. A. Voisey ; hon. secretary, Mi. A. Down; and armourer, Mr. T. Daintith.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPETITIONS FOR RIFLEM AN'S CERT El? IC A TES.

When the shooting commenced, at il;;CiTe'-(;'Cl;;Cfr,-I,here was a good attendance of members, and the afternoon was a busy one. Four members won ", Rifleman's Certificates."the conditions for which are a score of not less than 114 points out of a possible 150, in 30 shots. All competitors fired at a distance of 100 yards. The names and scores of the successful competitors are as follows :—R. Bennett, 124 points ; J. W. Plinston, 119 points ; A. Warburton, 117 points ; %V. Stewart, 117 points. At the conclusion of the club shooting, the members of the Warrington Branch of the Nationorl Service League had the use of the Vange until dusk.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 1

===== 0002601_19070511_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
A Conlumptive'S Plank&

A Life-long Invalid, wasted and weak, torn by the hacking coughs of Consumption, finds New Strength and health. Restored by

===== 0002601_19070511_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
5 1 k. 0 Soina PUs

"My whole life had been an existence of illness nua pain, until a few inontbs ago;" were the words of :Nlrs• Clifford, 6, Peter-street, Seacombe, Cheshire, who added: "then a new healthy life opened out before me, and all the terrors of Consumption were banished. That is what Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have done for me. "I was never strong like other children, and when reached the age of nineteen I began to cough up blood and steadily lost weight. I had distressing night; sweats, and a cough that never left me, robbed me 0' rest; often I could not lie down for fear of choking' In the morning I would rise so distressingly weak thl I could scarcely move. All the six years of my marrie life I never succeeded in doing more than the lightest duties without feeling completely exhausted. I we„s troubled by my heart, and my breathing was difficult' and short ' • often acute attacks of asthma seized ua,fi Naturally,l could take but little food, and what I 01` eat,, set up violent indigestion.

"I consulted many medi- cal men, but was invariably told that I was con-

sumptive, my right lung being affected.. Sometimes my hgpes were raised by a slight return of strength, only to be shattered by a relapse. Ultimately I had to take to my bed, where I _ _

lay with ha'rdly sufficient strength to lift myself.

Tortn-red by the persistent

hacking cOugh, any hope of relief had long since departed. Then the thought mourned to me that I might try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, Zievariabv toizz not and my husband bought was Consutitpt.ive: a supply for me. At first I could detect no improve" meat, but as I went on with the pills steadily appetite returned and I felt brighter. The conga became easy and did not trouble me at nights, I gain°, strength and could walk about,while the attacks of Asthrl, disappeared; instead of being a drag on my husband was a help, and now in my happiness I never forget tbs." the source of all my new health and strength is pc' Williams' Pink Pills." By steadily supplying Good, Rich Blood, building uP the system aeainst the ravages of deadly diseases restoring lost strength—that is how Dr. Williaro,sl Pink Pills for Pale People achieve so many wondertu' cures. They actually make New, Rich Blood, and sso cure Antenna, General Weakness, Decline, Backache... Headaches, Indigestion, Eczema, Rheumatism, Sciatil Neuralgia, and Paralysis ; also the ailments from whicir women alone suffer. Sold at shops (but avoid• su stitutes. and take care that the full name, Dr. Pink Pills for Pale People, is on every package). t, direct from the British Depot, 46, Holborn-Viadurcor London, post free for 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes.lo 3s. 9d. Write for an attractive pamphlet describ' many cures, post free.

r---- ---------1 iftfPl" „...2... %, t - e , Irri ~.41._., . ....,,-.) . , , '.4., ,- .. ~ , 0. ~.. - ....-----_,1.,',..\ i, , _

===== 0002601_19070511_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
-,_ ''''....,.-..,_

h_

===== 0002601_19070511_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LARGEST FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY IN THE WORLD.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
EMMANUEL CHURCH.

.iV=MM

!!H-FORMtA" -STRENGTHENER

===== 0002601_19070511_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
Iwl.to rebuilt the instrument to give them a recital. He believed Emmanuel Church might take credit to itself in the fact that Mr. Rushworth had not visited Warrington before in any capacity, and they were glad to have the distinction of being the first Church in which he gave an organ recital ill the good old town. They were most anxious to pay the bill for the work which had been so well done, and they believed that under God's blessing they would be able to do so almost immediately. They had hoped to have the presence of the Rev. J. Manning, the resident minister of Bold-street, but unfortunately he was detained on Synod work in Liverpool. Mr. W. Hickman was, how- ever, present to represent the trustees, through whose kindness they had been able to secure the instrument. Mr. W. HICKMAN said he was in cordial sympathy with the object of that gathering and with the good work which they were endeavouring to do in connec- tion with that house of prayer. That was not the first time he had visited the Emmanuel congregation. The Bold-street trustees had the kindliest feelings towards them and wished them every success. He was sure that feeling was reciprocated by the Emmanuel congregation. It was very fitting that the organ should stay in Warrington and still more fitting that it should remain in Bold-street--in fact it would have been quite a tragedy to take it anywhere else. He trusted that the Emmanuel Church would become a greater power in the town and that the members would live long to listen to the beautiful notes of the organ. The recital was then given and proved highly enjoy- able. In addition to demonstrating the great ability of the organist, it brought out to the full the power of the organ and all were charmed with its sweet notes. The following was the programme :—Polonaise, Chopin; Air, Handel • Prelude and Fugue,Bach; Andante, Smart; Offertoire, Batiste; Melody, Rea ; Festal March, Best. The most creditable selections were undoubtedly the "Prelude and Fugue " and the" Offertoire " in which T..‘ Mr. Rushworth showed a fine nom and of technique combined with very tasteful expres ion. In addition to the organ recital, there were vocal olos by Mrs. A. Booth and Mr. Levi Richardson. M • Booth's sweet and powerful voice was heard to great advantage in "God who madest earth and heaven" and "Hear ye Israel "which were most artistically interpreted. Mr. Richardson gave very feeling renderings of "Where 'ere von walk (Handel) and "Conie unto Me" (Coenen), the latter being particularly effective. A collection was made on behalf of the organ fund and realised £l3.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
AS WE LIKE IT.

The Greek eats currants raw, ivith his bread, but we in Britain adapt the fruit to our national tastes, and every year we eat many millions of pounds of currants simply cooked in bread. The King's physician strongly recommends this plain, wholesome food, and every enterprising baker supplies a nice light loaf, liberally sprinkled with fruit, at a price only slightly in advance of that of ordinary plain bread.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
=OM I

===== 0002601_19070511_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, May 11, 1907.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

TRAMWAY MANAGER'S SALARY.

The monthly meeting of the• Warrington Town Council was held at the Towft Hall on Tuesday. The Mayor presided and there ware present :—The Deputy Mayor (Alderman Bolton) • Aldermen; A. Bennett, John Evans, R. W. Francomb, W. Pierpoint, D. Tinnion. Councillors T. H. Ashcroft, J. Ball, T. . Benson, T. Burton, T. Chantler, W. Clegg, J. G. Barton,draik, E. Cunnington, J. Dickenson, D. S. Duncan, James Evans, L. Ellison, J. Hawthorn, Dr. Joseph, J. Lord, J. J. Nield, J. Sankey, J. Skelland, T. S. Steel, 'J. Fulton- Smith, F. Stott, 0. Toole, G. T. Wilding, J. Wilkinson, W. J. Wilson; Messrs. J. L. Whittle (Town Clerk), A. T. Hallaway (Deputy Town Clerk), 'J. Fairhurst (Borough Treasurer), W. S. Haddock (gas Engineer), F. V. L. Mathias (Electrical Engineer), J. M. Murray (Director of Education), F. G. Ruddock (Borough Analyst).

===== 0002601_19070511_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE EX-COUNCILLOR T. WRIGHT,

The MAYOR read a letter from Mrs. Wright, thanking the members and officials of the Council for their kind sympathy for herself and family in their sad bereave- ment.

one of the worst paid managers in England. The trams THE DISTRESS COMMITTEE. were exceedingly well managed, and the officials gener- Mrs. Simpson and Mr. W. Gill were appo nted repre- , ally were very courteous and obliging,but he was aso of the opinion that Mr. Telfer ought to have delayed his sentatives on the Distress Committee in the places of Mrs. Leah Clay and Mr. James Payton ( applicatiin until they had the balance sheet before representing them. It was hardly fair to say that if Mr. Telfer the Board of Guardians.) could get a better situation be would go. STREET REPAIRING. 1 Councillor LORD said the electricity department was COUNCILLOR WILDING'S QUESTIONS. I worked on assumed przdtts,and he wished to point out they Councillor WILDrsG had given notice of his intention were going to pay £1,600 more for coal than they did last 1 to move :—" That a special committee be forthwith Year. ' appointed to investigate the reason .why so much repair- The MAYOR: It is very unfortunate for us gentle- ing is required to comparatively newly-made streets in men. (Laughter.) the borough." He said he had decided to withdraw the The resolution relating to Mr. Teller's salary was then withdrawn by the Mayor. who said if Mr. Telfer motion, as, he was not in a position to go on with it that night. had taken his advice he would have waited until the Councillor WILDING asked the following questions balance sheet was out. of the Chairman of the Paving and Sewerage Cora- With this exception the whole of the committee's minutes were passed. , mittee ? 1

1. Wh en was Hale-street first paved? 2. Did the Corporation provide the setts for the con-

tractor?

3. If so, who supplied the setts to the Corporation ; when were they supplied to the Corporation; and what

price was paidperion ? 4. Are these setts in accordance with the sample contracted for?

5. Who was responsible for accepting these setts? 6. What is the reason for this street undergoing such

extensive repairs so soon after being made, an-d wilo is to blame, and who has to bear the cost of these repairs?

===== 0002601_19070511_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
CELEBRATING THE VICTORY.

WARRINGTON CUP TEAM ENTERTAINED.

Alderman TINNION replied as follpws :- 1. 1900-1901. _- 2. Yes. Football Club in win, f- ",h, On Saturday the success of the Warriogton Rugby 3. Messrs. The Warring ton Slate. Company, Messrs ,d time the - -

- • _ailing or the secoa... Bradbury and Biddulph, -Messrs. Clare and Ridgway. Northern Union Challeage Oup was celebrated Messrs. Williamson and Sons supplied while work was , , when the players and officials were entertained to in progress-17s. 3d., 18s. 3d., 195., 20s. Gd., 21s. 6d, dinner at the Lion Hotel. Mr. J. E. Warren, the popular 4. Yes. president, presided and in addition to the players there 5. Paving and Sewerage Committee. .. were present :—Alessrs. H. Ashton (secretary) T. Answering the last question Alderman TINNION saict Pemberton (treasurer), W. Webster and T. Wallington that about the year 1900-1901 a syndicate was formed (auditors), and W. Chalmers, W. Hewitt, T. Davies, T. of all Irish quarry people, and the object was to put up Bowers, and F'. Barber (members of the Committee). the price of setts. At that time tramway undertakings An excellent repast was served by Mr. Lee after which in the country were being largely extended, and new I the evening was spent in speech-making and song. lines put down, and the result was that the price of the bett always used in Warrington from Irish quarries— PRESENTATION OF MEDALS. in his opinion, the best that could be used under any After the usual loyal toasts had been honoured Mr. circumstances, the 4in. cube, a cube difficult to make, Warren presented the handsome gold medals to the because the workmanship had to be good—went up from players who participated in the final. He congratulated 21s. to 38s. 6d. The committee took the matter into the team upon a victoiy which was wonderfully credit- consideration, and in the interests of the property able when' they came to consider the great number of owners looked round for a substitute. In endevouring points which they had scored in the different matches to get behind the ring they thought they were doing of the competition. As an old player he was right, and he believed to-day that the action of the particularly pleased to have occupied the position of committee was justifiable. The cost of the repairs president in the year in which they had attained such a would fall upon the ratepayers. He did not think much high position. It spoke well for the purity of the game fault was to be found with the action of the committee. that they could afford to play an Oldham player against MASTER BUILDERS AND COMMISSION. the Oldham team without the slightest risk of feeling _ . _ . . _ ._

The following letter from the Warrington Master Builders' Association was read at a meeting of the Paving and Sewerage Committee :—At a meeting of this association held on the 13th inst. I was instructed to write you on behalf of the association, respectfully requesting you that in all future quantities you should include a commission of 5 per cent. on all lump sum amounts included in the quantities, except lump sums for contingencies, and that the followimg words at pre- sent appearing in the quantities "add builders' profit," Ste., be eliminated. I shall be much obliged if you will give this matter your consideration, and let me know whether you can see your way to meet the builders in their request.—lt was resolved that the cpmmittee can- not accept the proposals above contained. Alderman TINNTON moved the confirmation of the minutes, and said the Builders' 4asociationshad a perfect right to look after their interests,but when they clashed with the general interests of the town it was the duty of the committee to stand up and defend the town. (Rear, hear.) The present was not the only occltsion on which the association had endeavoured to force the hand of the committee. The minutes were approved. WARRINGTON AND THR SHIP CANAL. NEW CLAUSE AGREED TO. At a meeting of the Rivers Committee complaints having been received from several manufacterers of the discharge of salt water into the river b 5) means of the sluices at Walton Lock and requesting the Corporation to take immediate action, it was resolved, "That the matter be left in the hands of the Chairman and the Town Clerk." The TOWN CLERK submitted the clause which had been agreed upon with the Manchester Ship Canal Company for the protection of the Corporation of Warrington and of traders, manufacturers and others carrying on business at or near Warrington. The minutes were confirmed. a_ SECONDARY SCHOOL AND THE GYMNASIUM. The Gymnasium Committee resolved that at the request of the School Management Committee, this committee meet their sub-committee on Wednesday, ' the Bth of May, at seven o'clock, for the purpose of dis- cussing the question of the use of the Gymnasium by the Secondary School scholars as an assembly and examination room. Alderman TIN. NioN proposed the adoption of the minutes. He said if anything could be done to utilise the Gymnasium for the benefit of the Secondary School they as a committee were quite prepared to give fair consideration to any proposal the School Management Sub-committee might might make. At present there was not adequate accommodation in the Secondary School for the scholars, and if the Committees could not come to terms about the matter it was more than probable considerable expense would have to be gone to by the Educationi Committee to find room for exami- nations and for an assembly. Councillor CLEGG seconded, and the minutes were adopted.

they were doing something that vas not safe. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Warren announced that invitations to dine had been received from Sir Gilbert Greenell for Friday, May 17th, and Mr. Crosfield for Saturday, May 18th. (Applause.) PRAISE FOR THE PLAYERS. Mr. AsHTON submitted the toast of the Warrington team. They had, he said, achieved a most exalted honour, and one that had been contested for by all the principal clubs in the four shires. One feature that particularly characterized the play of the Warrington team had been their absolute fairness. He was certain that the greatest sceptic that ever watched the Northern Union game—and there were plenty who took great exception to a professional game of that char- acter—could not take exception to their methods or style of play. It had evoked from people he had spoken to very warm-hearted praise, and their conduct on the field had shown to the football public that they were able to play the game without any degree of roughness. Everyone must feel that the sacrifices made by the team as a body had helped materially to their success. Both the Press and the public had spoken highly of the manner in which the team went upon the field of play. To turn out at night to train,after having put in a day's work, was a great sacrifice, and he hoped the younger players would take that as an example of what per- severance and strict attention to duty rendered possible. Mr. Ashton coupled with the toast the name of the captain, J. Fish. The toast was heartily drunk and in responding the captain said he was proud to captain such a team as the Warrington Club now possessed, and of the fact that they had again secured the trophy. He hoped they would all keep together next year, and in that case they had a chance of winning the cup again. (Hear, hear.) Mr. A. NA.YLOR in a brief speech praised the work of the trainers of the team. They had worked exceedingly hard, and deserved a medal, or some special recognition from the committee. Mr. D. ISHERWOOD thanked the committee of the club for the generous manner in which they had treated the team during the training and preliminary cup matches. They had done their best for all the players, and the players had noticed this, and put every effort forward. He wished the committee success, and hoped they would be appointed again for next year. Mr. WALLINGTON, an auditor, congratulated both the team and the committee on their success. He supposed that as a Lancashire Club they must take credit to themselves in having established a record by twice winning the cup, and their was no doubt the team had upheld the traditions of good old Warrington as a sporting town. (Hear, hear.) The PRESIDENT observed that they had had very little trouble with their players during the past season. He was proud to hear Mr. Isherwood compliment the com- mittee for their treatment of the players. He believed Warrington was noted all over England for the way they treated their players; when they promised a thing they did it. He would like to hear a few words from Mr. Tilley. When they got that player from Widnes he (the President) confessed they did not think they had such a great,man as he had turned out. They had another good full-back an Berg, one of the best, in his (the Presi- dent's) opinion in the country. Unfortunately, Berry was injured, and they had the good fortune to get Mr. Tilley. At first he (the President) thought they had made a mistake in the big amount of money they paid the Widnes Club, although they wanted to benefit that organization, but Tilley had turned out to be worth double what they paid Widnes and the wages they paid Tilley as a professional player. (Hear, hear). Mr. TILLEY said he never regretted coming to War- rington, although his love was with his old team at Widnes, and he was sure Warrington would get the best out of him. No two members of the Warrington team were prouder than Taylor and himself, because they were about the youngest playing members, and it was the first time they had ever won a medal. They had played long and strongly in trying to get one and had been within a match of it, but that was the first time they had ever passed through the final, and they would value their medals far more than their intrinsic worth. Plenty of people thouaht Oldham were the better team, because they were pressing for 50 minutes; but a team that could only penetrate their opponents' defence once and allowed their opponents to score 17 points, was surely not the better. The better team was the one whose defence had proved more powerful than the other side's attack, and he thought Warrington deserved the cup. He hoped Warrington would be successful for many years to come. Mr. S. LEES said he had pleasure in, supporting Mr. Isherwood's remarks about the treatment received from the committee, and he thanked them for their kindness. If all players were treated as they were in Warrington it would be much better for the Union. Mr. EfAcKErr, one of the trainers, said they and the players had always got on well together;and he hoped they would do even better in the future. The PRESIDENT said they were proud of their Welsh players. He regarded Jenkins as one of the finest "catches" they ever made. Shugars was also another fine player they got from Wales. Mr. JENKINS said he had much pleasure in coming to

===== 0002601_19070511_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW CAR-TOP COVERS.

The TOWN CLERK reported to a meeting of the Electricity and Tramways Committee that the Board of Trade had sanctioned the borrowing of £5OO for car-top covers. It wAs resolved that teaderefor six car-top covers be adviVtised for. ' The MAYOR proposed and Councillor W*KEsTSON seconded, the adoption of the minutes.

TRAMWAY MANAGER'S SALARY. The Electricity and Tramways Committee recom- mended that the salary of Mr. T. Teller be increased by the sum of £25 per annum. Councillor LORD thought some explanation should be given before the Council was asked to confirm the resolution. He understood that in June, 1905, Mr. Telfer's salary was raised from £l3O to £l5O per annum, which was contrary to the terms of his engagement, which stated that his salary was to inorease at the rate of £lO a year. He did not know whether Mr. Telfer had increased duties to perform,whether he had renderei exceptional service, or whether there was any extra- ordinary success in connection with the tramways department. _ - - - -

Councillor BURTON thought these increases in salary were coming rather too quickly, and that Mr. Telfer might wait a little longer until the lines were extended. Mr. Telfer had been dealt with more liberally than his engagement stipulated. Councillor CHANTLER asked if Mr.Telfer had applied for the increase.

The MAYOR said Mr. Telfer applied.through him to the committee. Mr. Telfer took into consideration the amount of profit he had made, that he was the worst paid tramways manager in England, and that he was expecting when the balance sheet came out there would be something like £l,OOO to £1,600 clear profit. There were eight members present at the committee meeting, and with the exception of one the resolution was passed unanimously. Councillor AsircuorTsaid it seemed as though all the profits had to go to the officials, according to the Mayor's suggestion. Alderman BOLTON said the time to raise Mr. Telfer's salary would be when the increased profits were laid I before them. The maximum of £l5O had been grantedl before the stipulated time, because the committee I thought he did his work so well. The present applica- tion was inopportune, and he proposed it be referred back. Councillor ASHCROFT seconded. , Alderman FRANCOMB said he did not like to hcar man saying he was the worst paid official in England. He did not suppose Mr. Telfer would stay here a week if he could get a better salat7 somewhere else. It would be wrong to give him an increase on the assump- tion that he was going to make a profit. Considering that he was only advanced in June 1905, he might have waited until be had shown some extraordinary results, I and then he (the speaker). did not think the Council 'would treat him in a niggardly way. Dr. JOSZPH pointed out that it was not Mr. Telfer who said he was the s orst paid official. That was a misunderstanding. He simply submitted a tsble from which the committee deduced the fact.

„ The MAYOR said that was so. It was his (the Mayor's) description. Alderman TINNION said Mr. Telfer was undoubtedly

‘iwomiiiimmtmosiommammenimounsommnP

Warrington. He hoped he would be able to play in the final next year. (Applause.) Mr. F. G. SHUGARS expressed his pleasure in having assisted to win the cup a second time since he had been with them.

' Mr. BELTON said he never regretted coming to War- rington, but, after seeing a few of the matches in the Works Competition, he did not think the Club had any need to go out of town for players. All they wanted was a bit of coaching. He considered there would be more rivalry if such clubs as Warrington, Wigan and Oldham played local men. It would ‘3reate more inter- est in the towns.

Messrs. GEORGE HEATH and A. NAYLOR also returned thanks.

Mr. DAVIES said he would never be satisfied until he saw two cups--the League and Challenge Cups-r-side by side on that table. If the players showed the same grit and determinuation in Leagbe matches as in cup ties, he did not see why they should not top the League as well as win the cup next year. (Applause). Songs were rendered during the evening by Messrs. F. Fieldhouse, J. B. Poole, A. Ford, Tilley, Naylor, Knight, and Duckworth. A humorous recitation was given by Mr. G. Smith. Messrs. Anderton and W. Pemberton were the accompanists. • OTHER ENTERTAINMENTS.

On Monday the players spent an enjoyable evening at the Lion Hotel as the guests at dinner of Mr. A. G. Denham. Next Friday they will be entertained at Walton Hall by Sir Gilbert Greensll, Bart., whilst on Saturday they will proceed to Hoylake, where they will be the guests of Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P.

..Itfcgo:46,-sl.i:4l:tir-Ab00kt:12e,t4,,...,80A-,t,,,1 7,..6k-;,.R„:44,:.061.4144.4.06ti1eavem1.,4 ...4:4:.... iikve ~../...A..1it0rtt0:;),.#5zpa.)..4.v.r.ina.m:,..,,,44tv: , z:y A-1..w----y, ,_,..4*.%,....1f.--- .4%,n-4v_rtl/45-kit ..hi 4-et 6 A am-a, e it, . I t )1. ' 4,' '..:.A.t.1 ." 414Phictle s :I! "4"ire,r4;i:MA4ll4;4•l`'Y FA:ficrOdk' ' 1tV,41 ' ''',5:.."- • . I'. ' '0.74, *‘1,7t,,447.3...5!gt,t,t:'4J e,f•tijildefiert. , 'il :.)"' VG ' i 53;2345.V5Y4 S :11 ~gp,..,:q:•,-A,...1,:a0tic54.,eivm.,,,u1py;:.44.,;,.•:..5.term.5.. •14t.,,-)..p.M..r.r.....*..9.,.... —.. p,... ... __

As good as Colman's Mustard.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
ILLUMINATED CAR PROCESSION.

A striking spectacle was afforded the townspeople on ' Tuesday evening when the victory was further cele- -Ibrated by an illuminated oar procession. The decora- tions of tbe car containing the team and officials with [the precious trophy, probably surpassed in brilliance any previous display of the kind. No fewer than 850 coloured lamps were used for the illuminations, so that viewed from a distance the car appeared to be one mass of gorgeous and sparkling colour. In a prominent position the long-to-be-remembered years of " 1905 " and "1907" were picked out ip dazzling lights, and Union Jacks and artificial 'evergreens, tastefully arranged, considerably heightened the effect. The interior of the oar along with the handrails were beauti; fully embellished with the familiar "primrose and blue." The whole of the decorative work reflected great credit upon head-fitter Hindle and his staff. The flags had been lent by Mr. J. S. Garland and the evergreens by Mr. W. A. Leslie. Shortly after eight o'clock a start was made from the tram sheds in Mersey- street, and all along the route scenes of great enthusiasm were witnessed. Preceding the illuminated car was a tram containing the Volunteer Band who, under the conductorship of Bandmaster Richardson, discoursed triumphal music. Hearty cheers went up when members of the victorious team were seen seated in the illuminated car and the cup, which was placed in a conspicuous position was much admired. The oar was in charge of Edward Widdocks and Conductor Arthur Ellis, while Inspector Quinn superintended the procession. The band car was driven by John Howarth and Conductor Timperley was in charge. The pro- cession occupied about three hours' the whole of the routes being traversed. On leaving the shed the cars proceeded to Rylands-street and then on to Victoria- square, Stockton Heath. A return through the town was made, and the car journeyed to Sankey Bridges. From here a visit was made to Latchford. The next run was to Longford, and from there a return was made to the Cemetery and back to the club's headquarters.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES

Baptist Church, Golborne-street.

The Rev. Edward Moore, of Leeds, who was formerly a pastor at the church, conducted the services at the Baptist Church on Sunday. Large congregations, is- eluding many old friends of the rev, gentleman, assembled and his discourses were listened to with interest and pleasure.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A.

There was a good attendance at the meeting of the Wyeliffe P.S.A. Society, held on Sunday under the presidency of Mr. G. Smiley. Ur. Bennett, of Ashton- under-Lyne, delivered an address on " The Talents." He said that God was the great Giver of the talents. The use or misuse of the talents was what they were judged by. No matter what the gifts of others might be, eloquence or brilliancy, they did not make any difference to their own talents.lt was their use of the one,two or five talents they possessed that they should have to account for. In a town he (the speaker) knew, there was a pro- nounced infidel who was sick unto death. No one would dare to take flowers to him, but a little girl did so. The infidel received the flowers, which touched his heart, and the incident made him think differently and brought him to Christ. That was God's loving way of dealing with him. Mr. Payton rendered an organ solo. Mr. D. Owen also took pact in the meeting. Three new members were heartily welcomed, making a total of 359. Mr. W. Beswick at the close expressed the pleasure of the brethren in seeing Mr. If arrar back again after a severe accident.

Presentation to P.C. Hardy. On Monday evening, P.C. Hardy, who will shortly retire from the Warrington Police Force after 26 years service, was the recipient of a token of the gond wishes of the inhabitants of the Latchford district amongst whom he had been stationed for seven years. The proceedings took place at the Black Bear Inn, Knutsford-road. Mr. R. T. Bridge, on behalf of the subscribers asked Mr. Hardy to accept a purse of Fold (£10) as a token of the esteem and regard entertained for him,'and in recognition of his faithful service in the district. He hoped Mr. Hardy. would long enjoy his well-earned retirement allowance. (Applause) In reply Mr. Hardy expressed his thanks for that expression of their appreciation of his services. His duty at times might have been unpleasant; but, so far as he was concerned, he did not think he had ever shirked it, at least not knowingly. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the subscribers, and also to the Chairman.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
REV. THOMAS LAW IN AMERICA.

Rev. Thomas Law has received a cordial welcome on his brief visit to the United States. At the first meet- ing held at New York, some hundreds of ministers were present from the city and district. Dr. Anson Atterbury, a prominent Presbyterian leader presided, and Mr. Mcßee; Editor of " The Churchman " responded to Mr. Law's speech. At Providence, Mr. Law met Gipsy Smith, and a meeting was held attended by a thousand ministers and others. A similar gathering was held at Boston, on each occasion a publio dinner following.— Mr. Bryce, the British Ambassador, has promised to present Mr. Law to the President of the United States.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIMITIVE METHODIST CENTENARY.

A BRIEF HISTORY.

Rise of the Denomination.

The history- of Primitive Methodism proper really dates from 1810. It is necessary, however, to go back to the very &ginning of the nineteenth century in order to show what led to the birth of this new Church. A few words ought to be written at the out- set about the condition of England iu the year 1800, for that condition forms a fitting introduction to our theme. Those who are fond of talking about the good old clays and comparing past with present to the detriment of the present will find it necessary to change their tune when the real facts are known, for to go back a hundred years, even in English history, • is almost to go back to pre-civilized days. What is • known to us as the "Black country" (where Primitive Methodism had its rise) was noted for the rough and ! rude manners of the populace. It • was a risky busi- ness for a stranger to venture through some of the • villages of that day. His very appearance was enough to raise the cry "heave half a brick at him," ; or to tempt the dog-fancier to let his favourite bull- dog try its teeth on the stranger's legs. Turning to the I mining districts of S.E. Durham we learn that here. I cock-fighting was a favourite amusement, Sabbath- desecration was an unblushing evil, and wakes and fairs were held on the Lord's Day. Pugilism, drunken- ness, and smuggling were rife. Profane swearing was the habit not only of puddlers and pitmen, but of squires and country magnates alike. The miner of those days was treated little better than a serf. Strikes were not infrequent, blood was shed and men were shot in connection therewith. And the very worst fact that we have to record is the fact that many of the parish der y,instead of mending the manners and morals of their neighbourhoods, sank far towards the level of those whom they should have helped to raise. The district in and around Mow Cop in North Staffordshire (the birthplace of the denomination) was as dark a spot as could be found in all England. The biographer of one of the founders of the Church records his opinion that the Kidsgrove and Harrisea- head colliers were quite as ignorant and debased as the Kingswood colliers of Wesley's and Whitfield's day. The whole district was lying in wickedness. Drunkenness, cock-fighting, bull-baiting, poaching, pugilism, midnight marauding and profanity made this part of the country like a territory of heathendom. With the exception of one small chapel-of-ease there was no place of worship to be seen for miles on the Staffordshire side of Mow Cop. ; Now it came to pass in the year 1800 that business affairs brought a young man by the name of Hugh Bourne very frequently into the neighbourhood of Mow. He was now 28 years of age, and his conver- sion had taken place the year previously. His home had been a moorland farm. One of his memorials says: "As a residence there could hardly be any- thing more bleak, desolate and lonely. In the whole neighbourhood there were only some 2 or 3 other houses, and beyond these was the wide stretch of the moor. There was no road, public or private, not even a footroad to the house or anywhere near it, and to complete the isolation and loneliness, the only access to the house was over a wide brook upon a plank, and I often for weeks together the family saw no one beyond their own circle, and of the great outside world they I knew but very little." Hugh Bourne was very much like his environment. He had a strong, rugged,nature marked however by a most painful bashfulness and reticence. He was constitutionally shy and serious. If he had not possessed wonderful reserves of dogged- ness and courage he would have remained for ever unknown. His father was a drnnken sot, a derider of Methodism and dissent, and yet, a stiff Churchman. His mother early taught her boy to fear God and walk righteously though she had no ability to lead him to the joys of the Christian life. Bourne's childhood was a sad one. There is a sense in which he never was a boy. *Oh that I had had someone to take me by the hand and instruct me in the mystery of faith and the nature of a free, full, and present salvation," he after- wards wrote, "Row happy it would have been for me! But like Bunyan's Pilgrim, I had to make my way alone. The Lord neither gave me guide nor com- panion in the way to the Cross. I was painfully con- vinced of sin when I was but a small boy and this Iwithout the aid or knowledge of any man, and during my 20 sorrowful years I went through much moral and religious readings." This is what made him so concerned about the children in the after days. In a book borrowed from a Methodist neighbour he found quite a library. Within the covers of that one book were the Life of Fletcher, of Madeley, Jane Cooper's 1" Letters," the lives of one or two early Methodist preachers, Alleine's "Alarm to the unconverted" and a treatise on the articles and homilies of the Church of England. A sermon of Wesley's on the Trinity revealed much to him and certain Quaker literature also proved very fascin- ating to the serious young man. "I was much edified "he writes, "I was able to see a little more clearly into the mystery and power of faith." But it was John Fletcher who was used by God to bring to an end the anxious gloom of 20 years. "One Sunday , morning" he writes "in my father's house at Bemersley I sat reading in Mr. Fletcher's 'Letters on the Spiritual manifestation of the Son of God,' and realised the blessing named in John xiv. 21, and I was born again in an instant! Yea, I passed from death unto life. In an instant I had power over sin which I had not before, and I was filled with joy and love and glory which made a full amends for the 20 years suffering. The Bible looked new; creation looked new • and I felt a love to all mankind; and my desire was that friends and enemies and all the world, if possible, might be saved." This was in 1799. And it was while in this mood that his business brought him in 1880 to the neighbourhood of Mow Cop (To be coxtinued).

===== 0002601_19070511_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON MAN'S SUICIDE.

A sad case of suicide was inquired into at the , Warrington Coroni3r's Court on Tuesday when Mr. F. A. Jones', deputy coroner, held an inquest on the body of Bichard Slater (66), 31, Helsby-street, Warrington. Alice Haslam,deceased's daughter, stated that she last saw her father alive at nine o'clock on Friday morning when he said he would go out to look for work. For some time he had suffered from liver complaint and had on many occasions been attended by Dr. Martin. IDuring the past few weeks he had been very depressed but witness had never heard him threaten to take away his life. The fact that be had not been working lately had preyed o' nhis And. —John Stafford, boatman, Church View, Hollins Green, said that at 2.15 on Friday afternoon he was going home along the towing path of the Bridgewater Canal at Woolston when he saw a man jump into the , water. Witness was 300 yards away from him at the time, and when he hurried to the spot deceased came to the side. Witness helped him out of the water, and whilst he was doing so deceased said "Mind my back." Deceased was left on the bank while witness went for stimulants, and when he was about twenty yards away deceased again entered the water and swam towards the opposite bank, but sank.—P.C. jowett gave evidence.—The Deputy-Coroner said he could understand a man committing suicide in the ' fit of depression caused by liver trouble.—A verdict of "Suicide whilst of unsound mind" was returned.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
MRS. D'OYLY CARTE'S GIFT,

Mrs. d'Oyly Carte has sent a letter and a cheque for £25 to the secretary of the Middlesbrough Amateur Operatic Society, who had intended to perform " The Mikado "this week in aid of local charities and were obliged to substitute" The Yeomen of the Guard." The letter expresses regret at the disappointment the Society and the public suffered, and the .-C25 is sent as a subscription to the Middlesbrough charity funds.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR OUTSTRIPS A TRAIN.

A motor-car is this week completing a journey of 1,543 miles with the object of demonstrating the advantages of the motor over the railway. It purposes to arrive at given places ahead of the train, and on its first run from Carlisle to Cockermouth on Tuesday it easily beat the locomotive.

GIRL'S THEFT.

On Tuesday at Present Sessions, Emily Bruce, servant, Widnes, was charged with stealing three gold rings the property of Mrs. Elizabeth Knowles, Rainhill, and was bound over under the First Offenders Act.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
BABY RAW INITII AWFUL ECZEMA

Running Humour from Birth—Face a Sickening Sight—Worn to a Shadow— People Said, " How Can You Wish Him to Live ? "

===== 0002601_19070511_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
USE OF CUTICURA HAS A MARVELOUS RESULT

"My husband and I thought you would like to know what the Cuticura Remedies have done for our baby boy. He had running eczema from birth. It developed itself after the first month. The poor little fellow's head was quite raw, his face was a sickening sight and the dreadful humour would soak his pillow through in a single night. It wore him to a shadow. People who saw him said, 'How can you wish him to live?' Two doctors saw him; one recommended Cuticura Remedies, but could do little else for him, for it was so obstinate. We tried several remedies, in fact everything we could think of and were told of. At last we got Cuticura Ointment, and together with the Cuti- cura Soap the result was marvelous, for I have not finished one box and the skin is now perfectly clear. It has all dried up and his hair is growing won- derfully, and instead of sleepless nights he has the proper sound sleep. Mrs. C. Baker, 28, Victoria Road, Bland- ford, Dorset, March 12, 1906."

===== 0002601_19070511_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN ONLY

Are Most Competent to Appre- date the Purity, Delicacy, and Efficacy of Cuticura Soap And to discover new uses for it daily. It combines delicate, medicinal, emol- lient, sanative, .and antiseptic proper- ties derived from Cuticura Ointment, the great Skin Cure, with the purest of saponaceous ingredients and most re- freching of flower odours. For preserv- ing, purifying, and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and hands, for itch-, ings, irritations, and inflammations, for sanative, antiseptic ' cleansing, as wellV as for all the purposes of the toilet,, bath, and nursery, Cuticura Soap, as- sisted by Cuticura Ointment, is priceless.' Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour of Infants, Children, and Adults consists of Cuticura Soap to Cleanse the Skin. Cuth- emu Ointment to Heal the Skin, and Cuticura Re- solvent Pills (Chocolate Coated) to Purify the Blood. A Single Set often Cures. Sold throughout the world. Depots: London, 27, Charterhouse Sq.; Paris. 5, Rue de la Paix; Australia, R. Towns & Co.. Sydney; Potter Drug & Chem. Corp.. Sole Props. ear-Post-free. Cuticura Book on Skin Diseases.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
BEST FAMILY MEDICINE

VW ORSDELL'S Kaye,s Pills • In Use 100 years. Are a certain curs for Indigostinn, BilionineM Fleadaehe, Dyspevgitl. Constipation, Liver and Kidney Complaint., &o. Invaluable for ies' 10f all Chemists, 1/11i, 2/9, and 4'6 per box, or on receipt of amount 13, St. George's, Norwich.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
TOOTH-ACHE

CVIIRD INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S Pre v eilteseiTescas ylzriSzahvue;spErexvternact!is.n, NEURALGIA, HEADACHE, NER VINE and all NERVE PAINS removed by BUNTER'S NERVINE. All Stores, I. lid. or receipt of amount 13, ST. GEORGIC-1c STREET, NORW/Cll,. "As a spenific of Toothache it has no equal. I have used it successfully for years,"—PßOY. W Wiliam. MD,

SOLD EVERYWEIHRE at Is. lid., 2s. 94.,45.fi4., and //s ,Otsbridg LUNG TONIC, WORLD'TSHCSURE

WW De

ends an

:,.., \\'our Hea 1 Fil._?. . ................................../.:•.....::-::,: ; . -,.....,......v..: .:.--;.•.-,....,. •. • . " i • • Could .you . ~. •t,' be asked ._ :..: , • A More Vital Question? • For does not your well-being, happiness and prosperity depend on your health, and possibly the welfare of others. Lately you have been conscious of something wrong—for . ~ . your step is not so brisk, your appetite not e so good, and your strength seems to fail ~ you. Meals are disagreeable, wOrk ".. - . is a worry, and even your leisure . !;••• . ....or . moments hang heavy. Something is wrong—your health is being • V1.1:4- • . undermined. Nature is yielding -%.- to the insidious, sapping of %kW . ' disease. Are your kidneys all :.: ~.•..0,..-„, .ut of order? Does that dis- 7..1,„ r ".. quieting pain round the loins, .e. ei•:„.•, N.s.. that bruised feeling between ,i, r...-, •,_ ,c. . . the shoulder blades keep • '...,N.• 4.t on catching you'? Is your . r%1.:,• -.:,, k.n._,4-- stomach deranged? Is in.- .: • :...W.:7. .•:::sl.:,' ' digestion riding rampant? ',' .11.,%• • .... .:.• 4 You are mortgaging 's 5...•.., •:*. ).: your balance of vitality if . .7,....,•••.:. --' ' you neglect these various it .4 , warnings of offended ,•,•• ..,,,,i:;;;:::. .... ~ nature. Everything-de- A•ik ..it:.V.:...*„.; pends on your health and .• ifir.f.o:.:`:.. • yet your health may t . be as perfect as possi- ble if only you are wise , enough to take the right . , ..4,!.;:::.:.,',....„ . ✓ . steps. Don't trifle with .' -;.. ~, health and happiness, . , t 31,...,.....:::....% . get Dr. Scott's Bilious ~,..Luz,i;.l. :.• .. ; and Liver Pills and ..‘ .%.",`,‘..1%•.....:•:...... Mrenew your system '. fiCtre:::... ..... . to harmonious • • •I •••,•• working. rjri & a`g .•AS• '4. in a square green -., • ..., ii.. e . . package. :.1.., ......,:c.. ,t, , :.: a Iticil .. ~.. . • % " ..k, . 4•;.ktP .V:. - " . ~,.. ,t , • •41,:t.r - - el ' t • te... , • , k c . ~ \ . . . p _ ... , _ . i ..: • . , ••_ .:. .:•.„:. .... __ , . . . _ , ~.„..,...„..._ ____ _. . .....

===== 0002601_19070511_art0042.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4,;

===== 0002601_19070511_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
QLhe oramtner inrtes

OF WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES : THE WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER. .1 published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh Winwick, Padgate, Lymm, &c., betng one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanes- hire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper corn- irises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanes- phi r e and Mid-Cheshire. cr HE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the beet and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. Min] WIDNES EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. Widnes contains the lergest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a piiL 4t, ),atat. emtre Industry. 911111 EARLESTOW N AND NEWTON BXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Haydock, Lowton. &o. The district thus mpris .c 1 VS 4 ail3t irnpnLitit pin of the Guleashire coal- Ids.

MR'S ST. HELNINS •EIXAMINKR, published every 1. Paturday morning, circulating In St. Helens, Prescot, Parr, Sutton, Pessley Cross. an • -the centre of the Glisf..s, Clhemizal and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTEC-- HOUSES WANTED.

----------- APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One 'three Eli Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 64. ... le. 3. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 94. 27 ... Os. 94. ... is. 104. ... 3e. Od. ... ss. Od. 36 ... is. Od. ... 2s. 64. ... as. Od. ... 6e. Od. 45 ... Is 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... ss, Od. ... is. Od. 54 ... is. 64. ... 3.. Bd. ... 6s. Od. ... 10s. Od.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
laomeltfr Otrban%, dr.

WEV'TBD. good GvNIIRAL ; also GIRL. at onee.—C. GRVIMIALOII, 127, Duckworth it., Darwen.

VVANTRD, good GRIeBIiAL, who can cook.—RoBERT- SHAW, Brookfield. Bury Old rd., Manchester.

wkW FED, GHNIMAL used to children.—Apply to Vim J. GOULD. Crouchley, Lvmm. Warrinaton.

WANTI4D COOK-GHNFIRAL ; family of three.—Apply, Mrs. HoLDEN, 19, Park Aventle, Clitheroe. Lanes.

VWANTED, GENBRAL ; fond of children. in family of four; able to wash.-31, RXGENT ST., Lancaster.

Nici ANTED. good WINIIRAL SHRVANT, where two are kept. -Apply Mrs. WILLS, Lunecliffe, Lancaster.

IV ANT D U-EFUL HEMP; state atm and salary TV required.—tils TARBAYT. 3, South Parade, Llandudno.

MOTHIIR'S 11!Mr WaNTF4I). young ; good home; eervant keet.—Yfre. CHTITICII, 245 Ifthy rd., Oxford.

WANIRI), strong GIRL, about 16, for hone-work; country girl preferred.—Apply M &REID EN, 222, Ashton rd., Oldham.

WANTED, good honest GIRL. ae,:netomed to general household work.—Mrs.G.GonnAiro,Gatley Hall Farm, Gatley. Cheshire.

WANTBD for Buxton, young HOUNBMAID-WAITRBSS, --nee ace. wages and reference to Mrs. MAXIM:IRE, Breeze Hill, Buxton.

WANTBD. GENHUAL, for May 17th; plain cooking. Reference.2lB to £2o.—Mre. SCALES, 11. Waterloo rd., Dirchdale. Southport.

WANTED Immediately COOK-GENERAL and HOUSE MAID-WAITRESS ; reterencee.—BOWLlNG GERM HOTEL. Farnworth, Bolton.

DOMESTIO SERVANTS wanting comfortable Situations. good wages, write Mrs. LOCKE, Moss lane West, Man- °beater. No fee till suited.

WANTRD, BBRVANTS (all cisme), to write for places ; send stamped envelope for reply.--HoLVS REOIsTRIr, •38, Fozball rd., Blackpool. _

_ wANTED, good GENERAL SERVANT. for May 31st; two in family; wages 6s.—Mrs. Duncix, Rose Bank, Rawtenstall, Manchester.

WAIITISD, GENBRAL far farmhouse ; two in family ; reference. required. Mrs. ASHCRoFT, Windy Harbour. 4Ra', near Birkenhead.

%j ANTED. MINERAL SHRVANT; one lady ; state wage*; references.—Miss BABRT-RoBEaTs, Ashileld, Bowgrfave, Garstang, Lancashire.

IVANTHD, HOUSPHR 6P HR,age 25 to 35; four children. Reference required. Wages 6s. per week.—Apply Mrs. WHITLEY, 8 Flolton et.. Burnley.

WANTRD. Healthy GIRL, aged 14-16, to assist in house- work; comfortable borne; state wages.—J. W. DODGE, 74, Bushwood rd., Kew.

ANTBD, experienced GIiNERAL, aged 25-30; small family ; ironing ; good references required ; wages £2o. OAKFIELD, Larmbern rd.. Bowdon.

WAND 000K-GIINIHAL and Housemaid, about May 18th ; three in family ; reference,—Apply Mrs. WRIGHT, Platt Rectory, Rusholme, Manchester.

ANTED at once ; pn experienced NUlitili-HOUSE- I MA ID ; good references neePssary. Protestant. abetainer.—LEWlS 76. Liverpo,l rd., Birkdale.

'W ANTIiD, WAITRESS ; thorouthly experienced ; good plate cleaner, able to vslet ; wages 222-£2.3. —Mrs. E. Telgnton, Moseley Hill, Liverpool.

11017310N1A111-WAITUBSS WANTHD at once for doctor's house ; eight in family ; wages E2O ; good references. —Mrs. B. MaLLA:co, Ashley rd., Altrineham.

14 7 ANTBD. COOKS. Kitchenmaids, Waitresses. hotels, V Housemaid-Waitresses, Gook-Generals, £2O, £22, private —Pargroses, 44, Charles at., Blackpo)1.

MrANID, IaIiNER&L. experienced; ati duties ; small family ; good wages ; references required.—Apply by letter only. fors KIE4YON, Kennerley rd.. Stockport.

IVI RS. Rh D requires . many good and plain COOKS Waitresses, Housemaids. superior Generals and under servants.—SELECT REGISTRY, Rnsbolme, Manchester.

ILYt. ANTED, GENERAL and HOUSEMAID for a family of V V four ; washing ; good references required.—"drs BUNT. liawnslea, Whalley rd., Whall-y Range. Mancbeater.

CUPERIOR Generalb, Cook-General's. Housemaids, 10 Waitresses Wanted. immediately ; fares paid ; good wages ;no delay.—W rite Miss NEWTON, Great Underbank, Stockport

VVANTHO, good strong GSNERAL, able to cook and wash, age 25 to 30 good wages to suitable person ; references required —Mrs. COONAN, Stanley Arms Hotel Aughton. near Ormskirk.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
bt krt.

PENIIRTH.—GOOD H017514E-I WITH GARDRNS, 3s. Pd per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. IVY LODGE.FROGHALL LANE, reduced rent. 55, WASH LANE M'LL STREET. oFFloE9,gronnd floor. also upper rooms. wOliKR00111•3 near Bridge street, rent Ss. per week. 47, NEW ROAD, rent 4s. 9d. per week. BANK STREET, 7 Stall Stable with good Yard and Cart Shed. CORNER SHOP 2, School Brow, reduced rent ss, 6d. PP,' week. 59, CATHERINE STRERT, rent 4s. per week. Apply ROBERT Lowx, Estate Agent. No. 1 Bank-street Wsr- rlnirtn.n. Telephone—No 55.

TO LET 17, FOLLY LANR.—Apply WOODS 8c SON Solicitors. HorgemArket Street, Warrington.

LBT, HOUSE. [Knuteford rd. Beautified throughout. Rent £l7. Apply Jas. B. ALDRIID, Leigh Villas, Grappenhali.

Fro LHT GOOD 14 OUSH, Parker street, rent 35e. month J. clear, will be cleaned for good tenant. —Apply WOODS & SON, Solicitors, Warrington.

WARRINGTON.—Tn I:VT.—Those splendil Business Premises. F 5, STRliliT (main street), with goods entrance to extensive warebn'ise and stabling behind ; shop 40ft by 15ft,—To view and full oartieulars apply Mr. THOMAS CownELL, Estate Agent and Valuer, 31, Legh at., Warring'on.

PwELLING-ti'OUSIt.—TO BEI Lia, with immediate possession. No. 19, Stanley et., containing two enter- taining roorns. kitchen, scullery and pantry ; lige bedrooms bathroom ; outside washhouse ; rtnt £25 ; there ls an accees to both houses from St. Austin's lane.—Apply J. and W. DUTToN. Sankey it., Warrington

===== 0002601_19070511_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
etc.

/-1 ENGIRBS lIBPAIIIRD, Boring, Turning, and Screw crirting,—Mnur.D. Sonnies et., Biton, Rum

DATES' GAS and OIL ENGINES, successfully exhibited JO at all important shows ; hundreds in use ; cvick delivery ; all sizes; speciality Suction Gas Engin.s and Gas Plants.—W. L BITE 3 Bs Co. (LTD.), Denton, Manchester. Tel. 60 Denton.

XT IS WORTH YOUR WHILE to BUY YOUR LUBRI- CANTS DIRECT. RELIANCE HIGH-OLASS NON- CORROSIVE largest eale in the wor'd. ENGINE OIL, CYLINDER OIL. Ild., MACHINERY on, 110., SVINDLE OIL 9.11.. GAS ENGINE OIL, Is. 6(1., DYNAMO OIL. Is. SC per gallon ; in barrels, free and carriaze paid.— RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL COMPANY. 19 and 20, Water lane, Great TowEr It., London. E.C. Also 99, Great Clvde st., Glasgow; I,9andhill,QuAyside. Neweastle-on-Tyne.

pATBNT OFFICE id ANCHESTBR BATABLISHED :w 1035. Messrs. GBOROB DAVIES & SON have ha-1 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish ment andpossess practi on I Imo wleci !re of the cottoio ,wnollen and Iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price ls. 911011 GE DAVIES, 0.8., & SON. F.1.P.A., M.B.A .ST. ANN B SQUARB.MANORBSTER.

QT. GNORLIN'S IRON WORKS, LIMITHD (late Ormerod) 0 Grierson and Co.), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchase. all Wheel, Pulley and Tooth Block Patterns &0., telonglng to the late Ifenry Wren and Co., London-road Iron Works, Manchester, and are In a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwrlght,and all nds of Engineering Work promptly.---Uatelognea of Wheels and Pulley Patterns on'application. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: relegraptga addrAes: " Ormerod Grlerson, Manchester."

Manta!

tAi ARTHD an APPIANNTIOB to MIBBSBIAKIN4.— VII Apply, 47, BEWSET ST., Warrington.

A PPREINIICHIS WANTOD for dressmaking. —Apply Miss H. CORNET, 74, Manchester rd., Warrington.

10/ to £5 weekly. Whole or sp.tre—time employment, / WELLINGTON EXCHANGE, Bailiff's Cross. Guernsey.

iftotor earcs,Cpeles, (sarriagro. etc

rirYsl3B, TYlllo3.—Write for wholesale llet.—GEE, BUMS & _L Co., Bootle Rubber Works, Liverpool.

riVOLES I How to buy a Bicycle I Expert advice free.— THR IdAimaxit, 155, High it., Lochee.

IDICYOLES.—One Lady's. one Gent's; never used ; £4 104 .1) each; bargains.—LIDDICOAT, Reynella, Penzance.

DBPLATH your Bicycle with Alblo plating solution, is. 1, carriage paid.—ALßtolg Co., Hartshead, Sheffield.

riTCLEI 19g. 6d.--Folly ginirAniteed send for list.— HALFoRD CYCLE CO. LTD., Renshaw at. Liverpool.

1907 (MUMS, 3s. 11d. ; complete Cycles, £2 les. 6d tubes ls. lid.; lists free.—CYdLE WoaKa,Crowle,

Doncaster.

110 COACHBUILDERS.—Fixit red, 1113 packets Is.. postage 4d. a perfect substitute for vermillion.— ifIIFFELL, Oilman, 504, Old Kent rd., London.

UURNITURN Pone'', surface like glass. Bottles, Is. 3d., 1 post free.--OYER, Wilson it.. Finsbury.

1 ARGR QUANTITY WIRE ROPE, £3 ton, makes excel- -1-4 lent fencing.-13nowii, 10. Beech et., Liverpool.

CIIGARNBTFI- (Fine Virginia), 50 Is. 6d , 100 3s. Post free,.—DutTztt, 44, Arlington square, London, N.

I ILD ARTIFtCIILL TECHTI-1 bought; highest prices given kJ —STEPHENS, 15, Little Paris st., London, S.R.

ROOKPISLOS Improved Toffe in is tins. Postage 4d. Send to-day.—BI3,OOKFIELDS. Dansie St.. Liverpool.

CLIIIIICAL COATS turned equal to new, 159.—CLOTHING REPAIRING CoMPANY, 407 High rd., Chis wink. W.

T AUNDRY Glazing Eecret. Linen like porcelain. P.O. LA 61.—Btarrew... Trent rd , Great Haywood, tafford.

HOT-AIR BATti FOR BALE with Bunsen burner and gas connection.—Address or apply 212, WiLnahePoot, ND,

Too ABY'S Long Clothes. 50 useful articles, 20h.—List on 1) application.—EWAßT, Underclothing Maker, Maryport.

1.00 IVORY VISHING CARDS (name address). Is. agents wanted.—JeoirsoN. Printer. Stony Stratford

YOUR OARD.-100 Ivory, Visiting. or Business, poet free, 12 penny stamps.— RUSHWORTII, Nora et., Bunderland.

ITMBHHLLAS.—UnoIaimed property. Heal bargains, 2s. 3d.. 3s. 3d. Carriage pall. Much unier value.— G. FORD, 36, Balham High rd., London. SW.

11415ellancou5, on 04E5, etc.

gnutatton.

I litoroto,' tbe stork Bcr.

N,V At LkL ASbyERY. AG,FRot2l2l.BlAmitZeicitOggLa.u.mßoonaiirtdredr.s. F ILSI AR tiTtrh tl lent es , tre New Brighton.

C'MOTION TO FARMBRB AND BBHBDIS.—CoIts MORIIBSPONDENCH tuition in theory and practice of education for A.C.P. and L.C.P. exams ; terms -LI operated on standing; eight years' practical experience; moderate.—Address N., .32, Castle Hill, Maidenhead. ne7er lost a colt. —WALLEY, Tatiley Brook, Knutsford.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Wiio'6 YOUR LAWYeR?

Ihaven't required one since I bought " EVERY MAN'S OWN LAWYER," by A Barrister, whioh has repaid its prire 20 times over in saving lawyers' fees. New Edition (1907) now ready, price 6s. 8d• net (postage 5c1.). from CROSBY' LoCKWOD & Sort, Stationers' Hall Court, London, 8.C., and All Booksellers.

LAZINE, the einstitute for stained glass. —LEE BROe., 'J 63. Great Nastern at.. London, IC Q.

WHAT do you want privately by poet P—Write WADE'S DRUG 6TORRB. Boaler et, Liverpool.

SQ m UITS from 211. ; cloth from ls. 6d.. per yard. Patterns free.—WOODIVAISE. Manufacturer, Mir&ld.

DitINTING. —1(.0 memos, cards or invoices,ls, 3d.—LOW'S WORKS, 128, Gt. Jackson at., Hulme, Manchester

T ADDIS' Wardrobes, Costumes, tie., eingis or quantity 1/ bought.—Witeoa, 61. Elgin Mansions, Maids Vale, _

BIiiNANT Blouse length Splendid value. ls. 6d. post Lis free.—STAxTox & Co., 33, Holland rd., Willesden, W.

BIIIITLIiS BlikaLUS T—Send 3 stamps for marvellous exterminating trap. --Devzy, 23. Western it,. Brighton.

ADIEb' Wardrobes and Costumes. single or quantity, -LA bought.—Witsom, 61. Elgin Mansions, Maida Vie. W.

1000 RICH SILK UMBRELLAS, post free, 2s. each, Fancy Handles. sticks or Tubes. Trade supplied.—ANDßEwS, London et., Greenwich, London.

rllO CAPITALISTB.---Required Capitalists with £2.010 and 1. upwardq, to form a Limited Company with £220,000 in order to erect a large promising up-to-date Watering-,lace (Mud Bath) in healthy district in Lower Austria, beautifully situated between Prague and Vienna. Would be successful competition to Franzensbad and }lister. Excellent prospects. Large Profits. For full particulars apply by letter to A. HOWARD & Co., Financial Brokers, 35, Dqronda rd.. Herne Hill, London, B.E.

poultry, Ogg% eft.

111)13LIABLE BROODY HENS, 3s. eacb, packed free.— _ILL, Mies risralow, Bridge House. Bury.

rPHDIPLIGTOII'd Famed Ovary Tonic, ensures e .gs, Is. 6d. quart ; carriage paid; CECIL 8T... Ibrox Glasgow.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
liatbtrat

WANTED for ready cash oyoles any make or condition.— 18, HIGH ST. Upper WlCirtM,

rpi MAGIC RH hUMATIO GOUT CURS, 6a. large bottle.-14. BE4CLIFF, Ventnor.

(100 D Health Pills, the finest Spring medicine, is. box 70.—OuvER's, Eccles, Maidstone.

ECZICNIA.— Sure safe cure. Recipe and list free.— THwAITEs, Herbalist, Stockton-on—Tees.

A IcI.ZEMIA. Genuine retnerly. P.O. ls. ; Tablet special soap free —LAWRENCE, 34 Picton at, Bristol.

IT ORAN I—Warranted cure Children or Adults. Post Y free I.6.—CAPERTLETTRI COMPANY, Oswsld rd., Oswertry.

A N EMINENT YORKSHIRE PHYSIcIAN'S L-1 Remedies now deceased, are now being prepared by his late surgery assistant and compounder, wt,o had 'wen in his service many yeas. The Doctor's name is withheld for family reasons, but will be given when requested. _ DR. R— 'S BILli AND LIVER PILLS. _

_ - - For Biliousness, Sick Headache, Torpid Liver and Con- stipation. Find relief in first doso. Cure in two to three days. -

DR,_R-'S NERVE TONIC PILLS.

A first-class Pill for los-s---0Fii.;;;;r717);9 of Appetite, loss of Memory, and tor all Nervous disoraers. Dtt• R--'d PARTICULAR OR FEMALE PILLS. A Female Pill of high repute. Fer Anwmia, shortness of Breath, loss of Energy, loss of Appetite, Fainting, Sickness and Irregularities, DR. R—'ti PILE CURL—OINTMENT & POWDER. A certain Curs for Piles, inward or outward, and for sore- ness or inflammation of the Rectum. DU. it— d BACKACHE AND KIDNEY PILLS. 2s. each, or three kinds, 6s. 6d. post free.—Address. T. J. MILBURN, Compounder, Birkeusbaw, Bradford, Yorks.

ttatiseo anb Earth on gpalt.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Of OM

rrOM&TO PLANTS fr )rn blxeß doz.n, from pots, 2s. carriage paid.—PLOWER, Ftainhill. Liverpool.

MANURES MANURES.

SONS, JAMES TOOLE & bONS, LTD., MANURE MANUFACTURERS. LONGFORD WORKS, WARRINGTON.

Telegrams—TooDE, LONGFORD WORKS WARRINGTON. Telephone, No. 299. BLOOD AND BONE MANURE

Is the most valuable known, and one of the beet Fertilizers

on the rosrket. SPECIAL CONCENTRATED ORGANIC MANURE. Analysis—AMMONlA 4 to 5 per cent. PROPPRATES 18 to 20 per cent. Price £5 per ton (Free on Rails Warrington). SPECIAL COMPOUND MANURE. A.naTysis--AmmonA... 2 to 3 per cent. PHOSPHLTEB 5 to 8 per cent. Pribe £3 per ton (Free on Rails Warrington Special Rlscomat for Cash and Large Qusn

BAILIIAINd IN GOOD disuOriDriAND SOLID ILVIR. AND EILHOrRO-PLATH.

11 U GRES BROTH E 11S, PAWBBuOIO3II6, &o. 116, 118, 120, 126, & 127, BROWNLOW-HILL,

===== 0002601_19070511_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
ELM'KPOOL.—COMPA,NY BUSINI44-11.C3, 69 ALBERT RD., 20 Miward et., 49 Bonny et. Valuation 6.—Apply nereonallv at alrlroesee.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER;

MAY 11th. 1907

There was nothing in the TI:IE IRISH BILL. least revolutionary in the Bill introduced to the nuse of Commons on Tuesday by Mr. BIRRELL. "Q the contrary, it is a measure which must fall Short of the expectations of almost all parties in parliament. Perhaps Lord DUNRA.VEN may think it goes far enough. It may fully meet the views that is to say, of the party of Devolution. The Nationalists are likely to accept it as an improve- Inent of Irish administration. The Orangemen "ill oppose it, because "it is their nature to." The in itself is not open to serious objections from "Y side. Everybody will now perceive how Premature Mr. BALFOUR. was when, as a prelimin- arY to the General Election, he began a violent Performance on the anti-Home Rule drum. The 'Bill cannot even be regarded as a step towards Tiome Rule in the generally accepted meaning of that term. As Mr. BIRRELL himself said, if the zneasure is a success, it may help Home Rule, and if it is a failure it may impede it. This means, of Course, that it gives to Irishmen some further con- trol over their affairs, and that the question of 'ivhether they shall ultimately obtain full control Will depend on the use which they make of the Opportunity that is now to be given to them. Mr. BIRRELL'S Bill deals with purely'administra- tive reforms. It does not contain, as Mr. BIRRELL said, a touch or trace, a hint or suggestion, of any new legislative power or authority. It does not make a holocaust of Dublin Castle, even. No new laws, either public or private, can be made under its provisions. It gives no power to inter- ere, either with taxation or with rates. It affects the Parliamentary representation of Ireland in no WaY whatever. It is a Bill for the reorganisation of certain public departments, for placing them Under a limited public control, for oiling the

Wheels of the machinery of Irish Government, as it were, for preventing waste of money and of effort, for reducing the influence of officialism, and fur introducing a more generous and useful system Of expenditure in connection with departmental 'Work in Ireland. To some extent it will remove

the Irish grievance concerning over-taxation, Thel (lePartments which are to come undar the newly- Constituted body will have the power of spending nearly three-quarters of a million annually more than is expended at present. BIRRELL defined the object of- his measure :ith his customary grace and lucidity. This is the association of the sentiments of the Irish People as a whole with the administration of the numerous statues, rules, and regulations which direct the 'conducts of 'purely Irish affairs within Ireland herself." By what means? The means are simplicity itself. There is to be a Council in consisting of 107 members. Eighty-two Of these are to be elected, and twenty-four to be ' nominated, in the first place by the Crown, and

subsequently by the VICEROY. The remaining member will be the Under-Secretary for Ireland, who is at present SIR ANTHONY MACDONNELL. The eighty-two representative

members are to be elected under the franchise under which County Councils and other public bodies are ejected. The new Council is to have control of the work of the Irish Local Government Board, of the Agricultural and Technical Instruction Depart- ment, of the Congested Districts Board, and so on. It will have nothing to do with the courts of law, the police, the Land Commission, or the Prisons Board. There will be a new Education Depart- ment, under the control of the new Council, which will have the power of appointing committees. A great feature of the Bill is the removal of the barrier which stands in the way of the appoint- ment of a Roman Catholic as Lord Lieutenant, which means the disappearance of the last legal disqualification on religious grounds. The Bill might fairly be described as non-controversial. Mr. BALFOUR, nevertheless, soon made it appear that it is to be the subject of bitter controversy.

Warrington has a reputa- tion for patriotism to main- tain, 9, n d Empire Day affords a fitting and annual opportunity. The celebra tion of the late Queen's birthday by a recognition of imperial responsibilities bids fair to become an institution. The idea has much to recommend it, but if the day were devoted entirely to national self-glorification we should see in it more to criti- cise than to commend. We hear a lot about the Empire in these days, and the word has a pleasant sound in the ears of the proud Briton, but we would do well to occasionally recollect that even empires have their day and cease to be. Fortun- ately, the practical side of the celebrations is not being lost sight of. Opportunity is to be taken of impressing on the rising generation the duties of citizenship, which is more proper than imbuing them with the idea that the prerogatives of Empire are a God-given heritage. Apparently the adult citizens of Empire in Warrington are to be content with a display of Union Jacks and the hoarse screaming of works hooters. All we can deduce from the suggestions of the Empire Day Committee on their behalf 13 that they are to recollect that "the strongest ties to bind the Empire together are likely to be those of a com- mercial nature." This is putting sentiment in the pocket with a vengeance—but we were ever a nation of shop-keepers. Other arrangements for the day include special historical lessons in the schools, addresses on patriotism and citizenship etc., embellished by the exhibition of the Mayor's portrait in the Secondary school. Tfie " young idea" ought to be appreciably impressed and benefited. The clergy and ministers are invited to tam the occasion to good account in the pulpit this Sunday.

EMPIRE DAY.

Warrington has lost another THE LATE MR. old and highly respected PETER CALDWELL. townsman in the person of Mr. Peter Caldwell who at one time played a very active part in the com- mercial life of the town and district. Few men were more highly esteemed, for he possessed in a marked degree the gifts of kindliness and gener- osity, while his cheery disposition made everyone soon feel at home in his company. The old folk's treat was an institution particularly dear to his heart, and he took a real pleasure in seeing the aged guests thoroughly enjoy themselves. Mr. Caldwell may be said to have materially helped to promote the prosperity of Stockton Heath for he was the head of one of its old-established and flourishing industries. The hobby in which he chiefly delighted was music and he threw his whole heart into the work of the organization formed for the encourament of the divine art. Despite a physical handicap, he was no mean performer on the violin, and he had rendered enthusiastic service as a member of leading local orchestras. He was also a vocalist and loved to recall the days when he figured with many local worthies in the old Phil- harmonic Society and the Musical Society. Warrington will lament the loss of one who always took the liveliest interest in the town's affairs, while Stockton Heath in particular will miss the familiar figure of the benevolent-looking old gentleman who, to the last, found pleasure in the beauties of the countryside.

The American Presidency is MR. ROOSEVELT'S a long-contested office. The SUCCESSOR. business of fighting for the next possession of White House begins as soon as the last contest has con- cluded, although half a decade must elapse before the election can actually take place. Mr. Roosevelt, directly after his election, declared that he would not stand again; and, although he might be induced to depart from that decision, there are signs that no great pressure may be put upon him. The President has suffered some checks lately. The Harriman controversy, in spite of his denial of knowledge of the transaction which has been exposed, has obviously weakened his hold on the public somewhat, and there is a recrudes- cence of the feeling that a reversion to the tradi- tional policy of the United States with regard to outside affairs wpuld be wise. Possibly The Hague Conference may do something to restore Mr. Roosevelt's position in this respect. But, even so, the desire for a change may be too strong. Mr, Bryan apparently is conviced that he will be chosen to carry the Democratic banner in the fight. He is still the strongest man in his party. Judge Parker was a stop-gap; Mr. Hearst has gone under. Mr. Bryan has a discouraging record behind him, but he is a great fighter, and his ideas have been broadened and brought more closely into sympathy with the aspirations of his countrymen by. his tour round the world and his contact with peoples and policies outside the American continent. His opponent, if Mr. Roosevelt does not stand, is not unlikely to be Mr. Charles E. Hughes, who defeated Mr. Hearst in the fight for the Governor- ship of New York. Mr. Hughes has already won commendation by his courageous administration of New York State. Probably, however, his future will depend upon the results of his efforts against the corporations. He has a stiff fight, but if he wins Mr. Bryan may well tremble or his chance of ever occupying White House.

Latchford Wesley Guild. At the meeting on Thursday the Rev. John Gunnell gave an enjoyable paper, entitled "The spice of life and letters." Mr. Gunnell gave selections from the works of several famous writers and said the mental not less than the physical calls for pleasant seasoning and whilst all honour mast be given to the writers of our historical and philosophical books, our indebted- ness to Lamb, Dickens, Wendell Holmes and others must not be lost sight of. Mr. Ditchfield presided over the meeting.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
ALWAYS

Invest in Safe Securities.

SPECIAL BARGAIN.

6 HOUSES AND 4 SHOPS. s. d. RENT ALL PAYMENTS 99 9 6

NET INCOME

PRIOR £475. 15 PI4R CIANT.

GOOD SITUATION. MAIN STREET. COULD HAVE ALL SHOPS AND INCREASE RENT CONSIDERABLY. CHEAP LOT.

Fuller particulars of above and many others on receipt of postcard.

MR. CLAYTON, 18, Albert Square, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

The Spanish heir has arrived, and England rejoices with Spain in the happy event. Gentlemen, your glasses !—Alfonso, Ena, and the infant prince ! ! * *

The dream of an illuminated tram car came true on Tuesday evening. Hundreds of townspeople who were not football enthusiasts took a delight in the glittering spectacle which was a credit to the Club and to the Tramvvay Department. * * * Shakespearean students and young tragedians will learn with the deepest regret that in consequence of the protest of the Danish Ambassador there will be no further performances of " Hamlet." It is understood that Archdeacon Colley has been offered the ghost for his private collection.—" Referee." 4, * The erection of the Infirmary extension is proceed- ing with wonderful rapidity and the townspeople can now obtain some idea of the imposing dimensions of the building which will fill such a long-felt want. There is every indication that the bazaar which will be held at Hill Cliffe in June in aid of the scheme will be a grand success.

* ,k The Strand Guardians have had to appoint a thin assistant to the boiler cleaner, who has become so stout that on the last occasion when he got inside the boiler great difficulty was experienced in extricating him. Possibly he remarked when imprisoned: "Oh, that this too solid flesh would melt !" If he did, the boiler fire should have been lit at once.

* * What was termed the "glorious resurrection " of an organ drew a large congregation to Emmanuel Church on Wednesday. It was fitting that the instru- ment which has for fifty years done duty in Bold-street should find its home in another church in that thoroughfare—in fact, one speaker said it would it would have been almost a tragd.y to have taken it any- where else. Fifty years is a long spell in the life of an organ, but this instrument appears to have been-quite rejuvenated, full at Wednesday's recital delighted the congregation with its sweet and powerful tones. The members of Emmanuel Church are to he congratulated upon their enterprise and under the direction of their hard-working pastor they should continue to go a-head.

* * The Stockton Heath Parochial Committee, on Tues- day, was proceeding to appoint sub-committees, and the names of the gentlemen vi ho had served during the past year had been read oat when Mr. Bouchier rose and said he wished to enter a protest. During the year he had been summoned to attend every meeting of the Fire Appliances Committee whereas he now discovered that he was not a member of that Committee. The Committee were not sympathetic. Instead they treated the matter as a huge joke and made amends by adding Mr. Bouchier's name to the list of gentlemen whose du,ty it is to see to the efficiency of the fire appliances, despite that gentle- man's protest that he had no wish to serve on the sub-committee.

Physical fitness went a long way towards winning Warrington the Northern Union Cup, but there will not be much of that finess left shortly judging, by the way the team is being feted. There was a dinner on Saturday, another on Monday, and there are two more big events of a similar kind yet to come off. Next Friday, Sir Gilbert Greenall will entertain the men at Walton Hall, and on Saturday they will be the guests of Mr. A. H.Crosfield,M.P.,at Hoylake. It was a great disappointment to the Borough Member that sudden illness prevented him witnessing the final, for he had the pleasure of seeing the Cup won by the Warrington lads at Leeds in 1905. On that occasion, so rumour says, Mr. Crosfield lost his hatband in an outburst of enthusiasm.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WHITSUNTIDE HOLIDAYS.

Where to Go.

With the approach of the Whitsuntide holidays many people will be contemplating a search for" fresh fields and pastures new." Should the weather be propitious there is sure to be a great exodus to popular seaside and country resorts,exceptionally good arrangements having been made by the railway and steamship companies.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT CENTRAL RAILWAY.

The Great Central Railway Company advertise a splendid programme of express trains at excursion fares to be run from Warrington and district to London, Oxford, Stratford-on-Avon and Aylesbury, Bournemouth, Isle of Wight, Torquay, and the Sunny South, Folke- stone and Dover for Paris &c., Bath, Bristol, Cardiff and the West Coast, The Dukeries, Cleethorpes, and the East Coast. A non-stop during car express to Exeter, Plymouth and the Cornish Riviera is announced, and special attention is drawn to the Continental trips from Grimsby.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY.

The Great Western Railway Company is again offering full programme of excursions to cover the Whitson Holidays. The programme embraces holiday resorts in Somerset, Devon, Cornwall, Weymouth,Channel Islands, North and South Wales, Ireland, the Nlidlands, &e., &c., and the large number of places to which excursions will be run make it certain that every individual taste is catered for. The train services of the G.W.R. are deservedly famous, the smooth-running track being described as the best in the Kingdom. The fares are low, the services quick, and everything done to ensure the com- fort of the passengers. At all the holidays resorts there is good accommoda- tion for all classes, hotel, boarding house, appartments &c. Enquiries should be made at the nearest G.W.R. station or (ace for full details of train services, excur- sions, week-end and tourist bookings, &e. LONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY ARRANGENIENTS.

A large and varied list of cheap trips is scheduled to I be run by the London and North-Western Railway Com- pany from stations in this district. As is their usual custom, the trips by this company should meet all classes desiring to spend the holidays with friends, or at the seaside, and to some of the most important we would draw attention. On Saturday May 18th, cheap trips will be run te York, Durham, Newcastle and the North-eastern District? to Scotland by the West Coast Royal Mail Route on May 17, 22 and 23rd. On May 17, 18, 20 and each day in Whitweek to Dublin, Cork, Killarney and other interior stations in Ireland, by the short sea. route via. liolyhead. On May 18 and 20th for Cheltenham and Gloucester, and 17th I and 20th Bristol and Bath and on May 17th by the popular route via the Severn Tunnel to the %Vest of ' England. Special trains will be run to London (Euston) on May 17th and 18th and cheap excursion tickets will also be issued on May 20, 24, and 25th. To Chester and North Wales on May 17, 18 and 20 and a special train to Frodsham and Chester on the 20th.On May 17th,and 18th, to South and Central Wales, 17,18, and 20th to South Coast watering places, also to the Eastern Counties on the 18th. _ _

Numerous other excursions have been arranged to Birmingham, Blackpool, Huddersfield, Leeds and Man- chester. In addition to the special facilities which are announced, the week-end tickets issued on Friday and Saturday will be available to return on Sunday (where train service permits) Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTH WALES SAJLINGS.

The Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Company announce special arrangements for the Whitsuntide holidays. The usual daily sailings at 10.45 to Llandudno Beaumaris, and Bangor, have commenced, and on and after Friday, May 17th there will be an extended service to Menai Bridge. Isle of Anglesey trips have been arranged for Whit Sunday, 9.15 a.m., Whit Monday, 10 a.m., and Whit Tuesday 9.15 a.m. The Whit Monday sailings are as follows :-9.30 a.m., Llandudno and Carnarvon ; 10 a.m.," St. Tudno," Anglesey; and 10.45, "La Marguerite "to Llandudno, Beautnaris and Bangor.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
LICENSING COMPENSATION.

Apportioning Warrington Awards.

A special meeting of the Warrington Licensing Com- pensation Authority will be held at the Police Court on Thursday morning for apportioning the compensation i awards, in respect of the three confiscated licenses, amongst the persons interested in the businesses. The owners of the houses are : Rope and Anchor Inn (£1330), Messrs. Greenall Whitley and Co.; Queen's Hotel (£1,570), Corporation of Warrington Boars Head Inn (21,620), Mrs. Bessie Fraser (Messrs. Peter Walker and Son lessees) ' • and the magistrates will be called upon to divide the compensation awards, given in narenthesis, between them and the respective tenants who are, Mr. William Donworth, Mr. RiChard Sanson, ' and the executors of the late Mr. Alfred Wood.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, May 11,1907 FATALITY AT THE ROYAL COURT] NOTES ON GAMES AND THEATRE. ATHLETICS.

Crane Collapses.

A shocking accident, attended with fatal results, occurred on Tuesday at the Royal Court Theatre, which is being re-built. Owing to the collapse of a derrick crane some masonry was dislodged and fell upon John Hinds, labourer, 17, Fennel-street, injuring him so terribly that he died in the Infirmary the same night. The circumstances of the accident were detailed at the inquest, which was held at the Police Station at noon yesterday by Mr. S. Brighouse, County Coroner. Mr. Sumner, Inspector of Factories, was present on behalf of the Home Office ; Mr. C. H. Unsworth represented Messrs. Hughes and Stirling, contractors, who are re-building the theatre, and Messrs. J. B. Johnson and Co., by whom the deceased was employed; and Mr. T S. Steel appeared for the relatives of the deceased. The Coroner pointed out that deceased was employed by Messrs. J. B. Johnson and Co., slaters and plasterers, Liverpool and Warrington' but they did not enter into the story at all, as they had nothing to do with what happened. Messrs. Hughes and Sterling, the building contractors, had to more a crane which was on the top of the Royal Court Theatre. The process of removal was in progress when the crane over-balanced, collapsed and came down, striking some masonry which became detached, and part of which fell upon deceased, inflicting fatal wounds. Robert Kirk 156, Evelyn-street, Sankey Bridges, who had been employed by Messrs. Hughes and Stirling about eight months, said the crane was fixed by the foreman labourar and six other men about nine days ago. On Tuesday the crane was being dismantled by witness and another man named Green, under instruc- tions they had received from the foreman. Tlapir orders were to take part of the weight off the back stays and then to go to the foreman for assistance to take the crane down. They had lightened the stays and the foreman was coming on the scene when the crane quite unexpectedly fell over. He could not account for the collapse, but it could not have , happened if they had not removed some of the weight from the stays. The Coroner: If anything it is an error of judg- ment in perhaps taking more away than you ought to have done. I don't say that you are to blame for it. No one is perfect in this world. Most people think

_ they are, but I never found one. In answer to Hr. Steel witness said no warning was was given to the men working below when the crane

was i-o be moved.

The Coroner said it did not require much intelligence to grasp the fact that when the foundations were taken away the crane must be more insecure than it was before. The object was to make it insecure so as to take it down. No doubt the men • removed what they

thought was a reasonable amount. No one would sug- gest that they took any more than thoy ought to do so as to injure one of their fellow creatures. Questioned by Mr. Unsworth, witness said they had taken down the crane once before from another part of the building and no accident °coursed. A Juror suggested that the jib of the crane might have been taken off before the foundations were loosened, but witness pointed out that the jib was used to lower the stones from the foundations,

Frederick Burkin, foreman labourer,said he instructed the men to lighten the weight on the crane. His opinion was that the jib had been lowered and drawn the centre post from its socket. Probably too much weight had been taken from the back stays and consequently the crane collapsed. The Coroner emphasised the foolishness of men making suggestions as to how a business should be con- ducted when they themselves had not much knowledge of it. If the workmen tried to move the crane in a business-like way, the fatality must be a pure accident. The longer he lived the more adverse he was to blaming a firm or individual § unless he was honestly certain that he was right and they were wrong. The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death." Mr. Unsworth, on behalf of Messrs. Hughes and Stirling, Messrs. J. B. Johnson and Co., the proprietors of the theatre, and the architect, expressed deep regret at the accident, and sympathy with the widow and family. He had not the slightest doubt that those feel- ings would be expressed in tangible form. Mr. Steel said the deceased had left six children, only one of whom was married. It was pleasing to know that in all probability there would be no litigation with regard to compensation.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Services for Sunday. Wycliffe Church, Bewsey-street : Preacher,lo.3o and 6.30, Rev. John Yonge. Bold-street Wesleyan Church: Preachers, 10.30, Rev, J. Manning; 6.30, Rev. E. J. Gawne. Rewsey-road Wesleyan Church: Preachers, 10.30, Rev. S. Pitt; 6.30, Mr. J. Upson. Golborne-street Baptist Church: Preacher, Rev. J. Procter, Liverpool. Subjects: 10.30, "Proportional Religion; 6.30, "The Fettering Vision." Latchford Baptist Church: Preacher, Rev. J. F. Matthews. Subjects, 10.30, "New Testament Christianity " ; 6.30," Murdered by the letter."

===== 0002601_19070511_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Departure of the Rev. C. L. Stowe.

Primitive Methodists of Warrington will learn with regret of the impending departure of the Rev. C. L. Stowe, who will sever his connection with Warrington on Juno 23rd, when he will join the more important circuit of Eccles. Mr. Stowe come to this town three years ago from Wishaw, Scotland, where he served his four years probation after leaving college, and through- out has held a high place in the affection and esteem of those amongst whom he ministered. The most marked feature of his labour in Warrington has been that he has made the circuit entirely self-supporting. He will be succeeded by the Rev. John B. Buglas.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church. Sunday School Anniversary.

Special services were held at Beivsey-road Wesleyan Church on Sunday in celebration of of the anniv3rsary of Silver-street Sunday school. There were very large congregations, friends from all parts of the circuit attending. The preacher was the Rev. J. Grange Bennett, a member of one of the best-known and most respected Methodist families in the district, and his eloquent discourses were highly appreciated. The musical portion of the services was most enjoyable and special praise is due to Mr. W. Hipkiss who must have devoted considerable time to training the children. In the morning the choir gave the anthem" 0 worship the Lord" (Hollins), the tenor solo being effectively interpreted by Mr. J. E. Hannan. In the afternoon there was a special choral service , when a most interesting programme was submitted, " List to the Cherubic Host" (Gaul) was very credit- ably rendered, the quartette being taken by the Misses Hipkiss, Leicester, Evans and Fletcher and the baritone solo by Mr. E. H. Pearce. Mrs. Hannan sang "The last milestone " with great expression and the choir rendered" Glorious is Thy Name" to the music of the Gloria in Mozart's 12th Mass. The service was pre- sided over by Mr. John Upson,who eulogised the work of the school, which, he said, had had a career of unparalleled prosperity. Ho pointed out that large uumbers of young people had become attached to the church. They were determined they would not stand still in the Sunday School. They had solved to a large extent the problem of attaching their young people to the church. The adult classes were the largest in the school, and they had scholars, men and women, who had reached the age of 60 years. Dr. Ferguson gave art address on "He was numbered among the transgressors" and combatted some of the teaching put forth by advocates of the New Theology. The Church was filled to its utmost capacity in the evening, when the Rev. J. Grange Bennett took for his text the words : "I beseech you, therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service." The preachPr contradicted the statement which had been put forward that the great aim of the Christian Church was to save souls, but that the Christian religion neglected the body. Take, for instance, the Salvation Army and the Church Army, and their own church, which catered for the social and material benefit of men and women, as well as for their spirttual benefits. Take their own church at Manchester. His friend, Mr. Collier, was doing a magnificent work. Primarily his object was to save the souls of the people but he was, thankful to say that besides that he was caring for the bodies and catering for their material well-being. He appealed to the young men in the congre- gation to present their bodies as a living sacrifice to God, and if they did so every member would be engaged in holy work. The choir gave the recit, chorus, trio and grand chorus from Haydn's " Creation,' the tenor solo being sung by Mr- W. Tynan and a trio by Miss Hipkiss, Messrs. Sinclair and Jane. The children sang the hymn "When morning comes in glory" exceptionally well. It should be stated that the choir was quite unaugmented so that the music reflected particular credit upon the members and especially upon Mr. Hi pk iss who conducted. Mr. T. W. Pearce ably presided at, the organ. The collections for the day realized over £3O.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S

"ROYAL GINGER"

BISCUITS.

THE NEW TEA TABLE DELICACY.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Cricket.

At last the weather has been kind and on Saturday the Warrington eleven took the field for the first time this season. According to the fixture card the match was the third on the list, but it was the first to be played, as the other two had to be cancelled owing to the rain. Saturday's encounter with Prescot was the opening league engagement, and Warrington had n difficulty in registering a substantial victory. The Prescot batsmen, with the exception of Sharp, the pro- fessional who made 33, were in wretched form and their innings closed for 59. Cresswell and 11.Callon wrought havoc with the ball, each accounting for five wickets at a cost of 19 and 35 runs respectively.

Warrington entered into their task with spirit and compiled 192, so that they have made a capital start with League cricket. The most notable feature of their innings was the splendid display by Cresswell, the pro- fessional, who ran up 63 by free and remarkably clean hitting. A. Duckworth helped materially to bring about the victory, his innings realizing 44, which included seven boundaries. J. W. Bibby, the Warrington captain, was also in fine form, and made 36 in faultless style, hitting five fours. Warrington are determined to make a bold bid for the cup this season, and if Saturday's match is to be taken as a criterion, there should be little fear as to the success of their efforts.

The second eleven cut a sorry figure at Prescot, where a very weak team did duty for Warrington. The visitors only made 57 as against Prescot's 106, the only Warrington player to attain double figures being A. Thewlis (16). The eleven has a good bowler in the person of T. Waywell who captured seven wickets for 29 runs, while Thewlis accounted for three at a cost of 43. We ara expecting better things from Warrington 2nd as the season progresses and we hope a bad start will only have the effect of spurring the players on to more creditable deeds.

Local enthusiasts will ly) pleand to hear that the Works Competition which was such a great success last season is to be repeated. The opening match will be played on Tuesday, .May 14th.

Sankey Wire Mills visited salubrious Widnes on Saturday hut failed to pull off a victory in their match with White Rose. They were beaten by 56 runs to 40, their only batsman to make double figures being J. Elawthorn (20). Widnes also had only one player who attained that distinction—Hewitt, whose total was 26.

Penketh entertained Runcorn and defeated them by the narrow margin of 5. J. Dunhill anci H. Davies (14 each) were the top scorers for the villagers.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

A handbook which should prove of considerable value to lovers of this sport is the bowling annual which has just been issued by Niessrs. E. Hulton and Co., Ltd., at the price of 3d. This is the first year of publication, and the book contains records and rules of amateur and professional bowling. Last year's results, and fixtures for the present season are given of the Lancashire, Yorkshir6-,Cheshire, and Midland Counties Associations. A feature is the complete return of the great Blackpool Sweepstakes. The dimensions of the chief greens will also doubtless be of interest.

The bowling season opened in earnest on Saturday and for the next few months trundlers will indulge to their hearts' content in the summer sport. Locally interest centres chiefly in the doings of the works teams in the annual struggle for the championship, and if the opening day's games can be taken as a sample of what is to follow the play will be followed more closely than ever. The bowling green at Bank Quay, the scene of the operations, is in excellent condition and a large crowd was present to witness the bowling of the first wood. Fletchers No. 3 and Wire Ropery had the honour of opening the play and treated the spectators to an excellent and exciting exhibition which ended in the VViremen claiming the right to enter the second round by a margin of one point only.

To come to the play, Ropery at the end of the first game claimed a lead of ten points but an immediate reduction by C. Ashton was an earnest of the neck and neck race which was to follow. With three points separating the teams J. Looker ran away from his opponent and despite a rally claimed the verdict by five points and placed his side eight points to the good. The advantage gained was, however, immediately lost as after a long fight Houghton placed his team again within three points of the leaders. Fletcher's strove hard to get the upper hand and Randles achieved the object by trouncing his opponents 15-3 and with the match half over the scores stood Fletcher's 73, Ropery 6G. Perry Came to the rescue of his side and winning by 15-9 carried the score to 82-81. Ropery dropped another point but they were not fated to remain long in arrears and a victory by Clive gave them the lead by 4 chalks.

Matters, to say the least of it, were in a highly interesting stage and the excitement was increased as Regan placed the team level by winning 15-11. Allen came a cropper and Fletcher's with eleven men off the green led by three points. It was seen that the last couple were having a close fight, and when Henderson went to the front 10-8 Fletchers indulged in visions of victory. These were heightened when their man secured the next end. Already they were beginning to congratulate themselves and their dismay could be imagined when Lingard found his length and in two ends drew level, and then forged ahead and with a double won his side the match. Fletcher's were this beaten on the post and their only consoling thought was that they had put up a good fight.

The other match proved a runaway affiir as Firth Company experienced no difficulty in disposing of Stockton Heath Forge whose score they more than doubled.

To-day's matches are Whitecross (No. 2) v. C.L.C., Fletohers (No. 2) v. Lockers and Penketh Tannery v. Rylands.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH -OF MR. PEfER CALDWELL.

A prominent Warrington commercial gentleman passed away at his residence, Walton-road, Stockton Heath, on Saturday, in the person of Mr. Peter Caldwell, founder of the firm of Messrs. Caldwell, Ltd., Elorsemarket- street. Born in Warrington 75 years ago Mr. Caldwell belonged to an old Warrington family, his father being one of the firm of Caldwell, Parker and Co., Scotland- road, Warrington, ironfounders and engineers. He served his apprenticeship with the engineering firm of Richard Kitchin, Scotland-bank, Warrington. He met with a serious accident whilst erecting machinery for them at Tunbridge Wells, and had to submit to the amputation of his arm, and thus incapacitated from the manual part of his trade he was for some years in the employ as representative and traveller of Messrs. N Greening and Sons, Ltd. Then he commenced the busi- ness of Millfurnisher and Engineer's Stores at Winwick- street, removing to Market-street, and finally building the present premises in florsemarket-street and Scot- land-road, Warrington. He was instrumental in bringing the indiarubber trade to Warrington, being the executor of tile late Mr. John Taylor, the proprietor at that time of the Castle Rubber Works. About the year 1885 he purchased the old-established Spade and Shovel Manu- factory at Stockton Heath, which has been in existence since 1770, and had been successively in the hands of the Hamblett family, and of the late Mr. John Alker. At one time be was a member of the Borough Council and of the Board of Guardians, but had not for some years taken an active interest in local matters. He was a member of the local committee for providing the aged poor with the annual treat, and though of late years infirmities prevented him being present at the STANLEY LORD. meetings, he took a keen interest in the proceedings to THE VALUATION BILL. the last. Mr. Caldwell was musically inclined, and not- withstanding the absence of one of his hands was a very Sir, —Permit me, through your column, to appeal to fair performer on the violin. He was in his younger all interested in social reform to at cnce take measures days a member ot several local societies, including the to urge on the Government the necessity for the Old Philharmonic and the Musical Society, in connec- immediate passing of their promised Bill for the tion with which he used to tell of the times when he Valuation of Land apart from buildings and other sang in the same bench as Mr. Richard Assheton improvements. The matter is of such vital Cross (afterwards Lord Cross), and other local enthusiasts and celebrities of days gone by. He assisted Mr. importance that, if the nation understood the Oakden in the formation of his band, and was a, „aye question, it would take first place of all member of the late Mr. Gaskell's and also of the late public work. It will cut the ground from Mr. T. J. Down's bands. A member from his apprentice- beneath the feet of whose who have said that ship of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers, he the taxation of land values is impossible, because you continued to be so, and notwithstanding the accident cannot distinguish between land and the capital which caused him to branch out into other channels, expended upon it. Of course those who have given he maintained his connection all through, and was a paying member at the time of his death, the matter attention know that this is already done, The deceased gentleman in religion was a devout but when the two values appear in separate columns Roman Catholic and had a great affection for Pantasaph in the rate books the thing will be demonstrated. where a great Catholic orphanage is situated, and where The passing of this Valuation Bill is held to be he was buried on Tuesday. At funeral there were necessary, and the following is the order of pro- present :—Messrs. E. Caldwell, Peter Caldwell, J. B. cedure : —(1) The Separate Valuation of land apart Caldwell (sons), Rev. J. B. Caldwell (brother), Mr. J. from improvements; and (2) the rating of land upon Dolan (brother-in-law), Messrs. Thomas Knowles and J. this valuation, and the exemption of improvement Glover (sons-in-law), Mr. C. Caldwell, jun. (grandson), Mrs. Thomas Knowles and Mrs. Glover (daughters), values, present and future, from taxation and rating. Mrs. E. Caldwell and Mrs. Fletcher, Mr. W. Wallington, Allow me to show your readers what they can do: Mr. James Bibby, Father Roche, Latchford ,• Mr. C. H. —(1) Write at once to members of Parliament ask- Unsworth, Mr. J. H. Fletcher (representing the Stockton ing them to press for the immediate introduction of Heath Forge), Mr. James Churchill (representing the the English Valuation Bill. (2) Arrange with employes of Stockton Heath Forge), Mr. W. H. Hughes political, social, labour, or trade tinion organisations (representing Caldwell's Ltd.), Mr. T. Mather, Mr. ass resolution in support of the Bill, and forward Hazlehurst, Mr. Brazendale, Sm. Many beautiful wreaths to p . copies to the Prime Minister, the President of the were placed on the grave. Local Government Board and the local members of

Parliament. (3) To obta:in the passing of a resolu- Three Months for Child Neglect. tion in favour of the Bill at Town and County Conn - At the Borough Police Court on Wednesday Charles cils, Boards of Guardians, District and Parish M`Guire, Croppers Brow, was sent to gaol for three Councils, etc. (500 or more local authorities , months, on a charge or neglecting his five children. requisitioned Parliament for the Taxation of Land ' The evidence of Inspector Cox and others showed that Values, and they ought to follow this up by calling prisoner's family was shamefully treated. He utterly for the immediat neglected to provide food for his children, preferring addition to all this, it would be well to secure towns' t [t° spend the money he earned in drink, meetings, called by the Mayor or other executive 1 i

officer, to consider the Bill and pass a resolution in favour of it.

Remember, that we cannot get along at all under the existing system of rating and taxation, and that the farther we go with it the worse off will the country be in respect of poverty and unemployment. Everybody can support this preliminary step, for it does not commit anyone to the taxation of land values. What it does is to clear the course—to show what is taxed and what escapes taxation. We can then, in the light of full particalal's as to the two values, begin to inquire why the results of men's industries should be taxed, whilst the inert possession of land goes scot free.—Yours, etc.,

JOHN B: MIDDLETON.

94, St. Annes-road, E., St. Annes-on-the-Sea, May Bth, 1907

===== 0002601_19070511_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VOICE OF LABOUR.

Edited by John Workman.

Readers of this column are invited to assist in making it interesting and helpful to social workers by contributing themselves. Correspondents must write on one side of the paper only, and endeavour to make their letters and notes short and to the point. A nont-de-plume may be used, but the real name of the writer should be forwarded in confidence to the Editor of the column. M.S.S, must be addressed to John Workman, " Examiner " Office Warrington and should be sent in not later than Wednesday in each week.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
MOVE Hllf UP,

A man who is placed in authority should not seek to draw all to himself by feeling that he is a centre to which all remuneration should come,' but if he is a true benefactor to others he will seek to give credit to each man for the good that is in him and will treat that man as he would like to be treated himself. Why should he not acknowledge the capabilities of others and be willing to help his fellow-workmen to live up to their standard of usefulness?

_ Why should a steady young man be kept at one post year after year when he is capable of being moved up? It is discouraging to a man, when he sees a vacancy which would be an advantage to him to fill, to be kept tea solely because it would give his foreman a little extra trouble to train another man into doing his work. It is little comfort to be told that he cannot do without him.

Foremen should not think of themselves at these times, but rather of the advantage of others, for in so doing they bring peace and happiness to themselves, gain the respect of the workmen and also create in them a truer feeling to work for the benefit of their masters.

BE MEN.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
WEALTH DISTRIBUTION.

He who seeks to voice the aspirations or the claims or the needs of the worker in these highly complex , days of national finance and income, needs at times to struggle with the Income Tax returns and select some reminders of the huge' discrepancy between toil and the reward therefor. Our means of wealth-making have for the time outstripped our methods of wealth distribution, and the . problem of the present century is chiefly —wealth distribu- tion and all that it entails. 16.000 persons have an aggregate income of £183,000,000, or roughly speaking £ll,OOO each per annum. 259,000 persons have incomes of between £7OO and £5,000 per year, but 38,000,000 have incomes (I mean pittances) of £25 per year. In 1881 the gross profits of public companies, including railways, mines, were £76,000,000. In 1905 they were £247,000,000,an increase of 200 per cent., and we must not forget that these increases represent added burdens on the backs of the workers, as dividends and interests in public companies are the reward not of toil or skill or management, but are a tax on, industry imposed by the owners of the means of wealth production. After all, even a millionaire can only sleep in one bed at a , time or reside in one house at a time, and it is simply ' a physical impossiblity for great riches to be used by the reputed owner. The balance inevitably goes to all sorts- and conditions of hangers on, good, bad and indifferent, and the far flashing brilliance of modern civiliatien is the brilliance of a bonfire, destroying in order to shine, rather than the light of a radiant sun invigorating all. In attempting to readjust the inadequate distribution we remember that the State has no right to tax individuals unless it is prepared and can put the money to a more useful purpose. The needs of the community must be the measure of taxation. Social reform must not remain unachieved while untaxed unearned increment abounds. If the worker of all grades and kinds cannot obtain his fair .share at the source in immediate payment for his toil, then the community must get it back for national needs of social justice by means of taxation of those who reap where they have not sown. I pray daily for a brave Chancellor of the Exchequer.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
LA.ZARUS,

ViTHO'S TO BLAME? Jack Jones, which is not his real name, is just sixty years of age; he is still active and energetic and though age has somewhat dimmed his eyes and time left its indelible impress upon his one time raven locks he is by no means worn out. Jack, I may mention, is neither a sinner nor a saint, he has in his time quaffed many flagons of "sixpenny," he has done many things which he ought not to have done 'and has, in all probability, left iladone those things which he ought to have done; in a phrase', Jack is an average man, like most of us a curious mixture of good and evil, the product of circumstances and ancestry. Jack as I have stated is sixty years of age, he has been married twice and his second wife and a youngish family are dependent upon him for their daily bread. Now Jack is employed by a limited company who have to pay a dividend of six .per cent on their preference ,shares and who find it increasingly difficult to do so. Last week they decided' to part with their old servants and to engage in their stead younger, quicker and cheaper men, consequently Jack will shortly be out of work and unless he is lucky will sodn have to appeal to the Workhouse His wife may earn little money by charing but it is almost a certainty that his family will in future know the want of good and sufficient food and clothing. Jack is only one of many who are similarly situated, when a man wants in efficiency modern industry discards him. A machine may be worked when it is obsolete because it costs money to

replace it with anew one, but there are always new men ready to take the places of the older ones who are discarded. Now who is to blame? Jack who has work hard

the best part of his life for the profit of others cannot be held responsible. The Manager of the Firm cannot help the circumstanees because he must either make the business pay or " get out." The directors mast compete with other firms ih the same trade otherwise they would not get sufficient trade to pay the six per cent. dividend. The share- holders have always been taught to expect interest on 'capital and in. many cases such interest is their sole support. Thus nobody directly concerned seems to be responsible for the fact that Jack Jones will be "out of work" and his children will want bread. Is not the plight of Jack Jones a fate to which many of us are hastening, sufficient to convi.nce anyone that our system of s)ciety is wrong? , So long as competition is the foundation Of industry, so long as the private monopoly of land and capital obtains', so long will many thousands be in the same case as Jack Jones. Jack ! if you and your fellows had made up your minds to change the structure of society, to substitute public ownership of land and capital Nfor private ownership, and to enthrone co-operation in place of competition you would not have now been creeping under he dark shadow of the poor house. But that of course would have been Socialism, and Socialism as all the hard-headed know is a dream. But starvation is real, hunger is real, unemployment is no vision, .and the ten-a-penny 1 politicians have no remedy.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
"Methods of Barbarism."

Sir,—What is the matter with your contemporary, the "Observer?' It appears that my letter on the Grappen- hall meeting of the Primrose League has caused some uneasiness. The writer of the" Observer" notes says that Mr. Howes suggested that Mr. Charlton Parr was • the inventor of the phrase" methods of barbarism," as applied to the late War. Of course, I did nothing of the sort. I distinctly stated that Mr. Parr accused Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, of applying those remarks to the British soldier. Thus Mr. Parr was repeating a stale and oft refuted slander, but our friend of the "Observer "has looked up the quotation from Sir Henry's speech, which proves my contention that Sir Henry was speaking of the general conduct of the War. Of coarse, our Tory friends know full well that we blamed the Tory Government for their terrible mis- management of the South African business, whereby they caused the strife to be prolonged, our national resources to be wasted, and the life's blood of our brave soldiers to be shed to a very unnecessary extent. Men, lam accused of alleging that Mr. Parr said that the late Sir Wilfrid Lawson is the Attorney- General, and lam told that I ought to have said that the present Attorney-General is Sir John Lawson Walton. Now, Sir, when I read this latest bit of Tory criticism, I was sorely perplexed. I eagerly read over again my letter, published in the "Examiner "of April 27th, and I of course discovered that I never referred to Sir Wilfrid Lawson or the Attorney-General in any sense whatever It is evident that something has gone wrong with the works at the" Observer" Office. The writer says: "Mr. Howes can occasionally be accurate in his statements." I have no doubt that lean truthfully return the compliment to our friends of the "Observer," only after reading their recent notes, I must, in their case, emphasise the word occasionally— Yours etc., 3. HO WEB,

Morecambe, May 9th.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
The Title Reverend.

Sir,—C. F. Aked, a Baptist minister of Liverpool, sailed for New YOrk on the 9th of April, from which city he had "a call" some time before. As these calls are always made and accepted on a rising scale we may be sure that the change has been for the pastor's wordly advantage. It will be remembered that it was this man's public renunciation of the prefix reverend that produced some letters in" The Examiner" nine or ten months _ ago. As I can only trace once solitary follower of his example in this neighbourhood, may I ask you, Mr. Editor, to allow me to add one more contribution to my i share n that correspondence? And should you, with your usnsal liberality, concede the privilege, 1 trust my effort may be useful in opening the eyes of some unpre- judiced readers to the innovation upon Christianity involved in ministerial distinctions. Having, in my previous letters, gone fully into the precedents and precepts of Scripture which forbid such distinctions I will adopt a different treatment to-day. The Ruler of England is a very exalted personage and has in consequence many important titles conferred upon him. Now were the ministers of religion to apply one of these titles to themselves and strut before the public with it upon them the matter would soon reach the King's knowledge, and steps would be taken at once to stop arid punish the imposture. Fear may, therefore, have something to do in restraining the ministers from meddling with his Majesty's prerogatives. Or indeed it may be that an esrthly prefix would not satisfy their ambition. Be this as it may, it is certain that they do not hesitate to aporopriate an attribute of the King of Kings for their adornment. The God of Heaven has revealed that His Name is reverend, and these men, although professing to be His servants, ask us to believe that their names are reverend too! In all the wide range of human egotism there is no more daring or absurd claim than this, and the very men who make it know in their hearts that it is spurious, and unjustifiable upon any ground whatever. Creatures formed of clay And full of earthly passions and infirmities presuming to confer upon themselves a title of the Deity is a state of things so astoundine and so preposterous as to stagger hnnian belief. There is, however, no room alas,. for doubt 'about the matter, for the sectarian magazines,. the Press, arid the mural literature of our towns and cities all publish the enormous extent to which the claim,in its various degrees of comparison,is pushed. But. Heaven is much farther away than London, and is known . to defer judgment that the long-suffering of God may • lead sinners tp repentance and reform. And so the "clergy and ministers of religion" masquerade at will in their bprrowed plumes ; only a solitary voice, here. and there, being raised against them. I am_aware that the argument of "use and wont" is often brought forward in defence of institutions and practices that will not bear the light of truth. We are told that clerical titles are of very ancient date and. for this reason should be retained and respected. Indeed a long career is the only plea thet can be urged in their favour. They have been in use ever since the time of' the monk Augustine who .founded the English Church in Canterbury fourteen hundred years ago. But surely something more than longevity is required to justify a. usage like the one under discussion. Satan was deceiver at the beginning, and the various pulpits assure us that he is so still, no change having been wrought in. his character and disposition during the long probation of six thousand years. And a parity of reasoning forces the conclusion that a history of fourteen centuries cannot change the complexion of a custom that was and is contraband of Scripture and common sense. If my reader has any doubt upon this point a careful perusal of the first twelve verses of the twenty-third chapter of _ Matthew's gospel wlll dissipate it. Our friends of the Chinch and the Chapel are dis- pleased with any one who objects to the use of reverend by ministers of religion. And in attempting to argue their point they either are, or pretend to be, oblivious of the Lord's injunction against titles, and would have us believe that in calling a preacher reverend, very reverend or most reverend they are honouring Christ through his minister,! This, however, is a specimen of religious logic which I are not prepared to adopt, having no example in heavenly or earthly things for such a course. The angels worship Him that sitteth upon the throne direct, and not through any of , his subordinates; and one never sees or hears of a tutor in a nobleman's family putting on his master's title by way of honouring him in the eyes o f his household ! The natural and only way by which a servant can show his respect and devotion to his master is by willing and faithful compliance with his wishes known and under- stood. And the heavenly Master applies the same test to his followers when he says,—"lf ye love no, keep my commandments." (John xiv. 15). Now among all the instructions, verbal and by example, which Jesus bequeathed to his disciples for all time there is none more simple and emphatic than the one forbidding the use of titles by ministering servants. Therefore, when one sees our religious instructors acting as if this law had no existence, and assuming, not an earthly badge of distinction, but an attribute of Gad, it is surelx only legitimate criticism to say that they are too ambitious and may, possibly, have mistaken their calling alto- gether. Pins.lly, the assumption of one of the names of Glad by preachers is either right or wrong. If it is right there must be evidence to support it, but I have never seen any. If it is wrong, the sooaer the practice is abolished the better it will be for the spread of truth and true religious liberty. If, in writing on the subject as I have done, I have erred, either in matter or in judgment, I shall be grateful for correction,—Yours truly, April, 1907.

lONA.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

Bewsey St., Warrington. Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &0., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. PRINTERS, LITHOGR4PHERS2 BOOKBINDERS, PAPER-RULERS. • SPECIALITY : 'ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION, PRINTING OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS:. CONCERTS TEL PARTIES SOIREES SERMONS BALLS MEE rums am, ac

ACCOUNT BOOKS, TICKBT BOOMALL FIXTURES* ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type. , JOHN WALKER AND Co.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU SUSPECTED

P

Do you wake up full of Aches and Pains, Tired, Heavy, lleadachey ? Do you suffer from Urinary Troubles,

Dropsical, Swellings, Gout, Gravel, or Stone? Then you have Kidney Disease.

EVEN such common symptoms as backache, constant tired- ness and distressing rheumatic or neuralgic headache are quite suffi- cient to make you suspect that your kidneys are out of order.

You may be certain that they are so if these early symptoms are followed by urinary troubles of any sort, gravel, rheumatism, gouty symptoms, watery swelling round the ankles, or under the eyes, ner- vousness, attacks of giddiness, irregular action of the heart, aching pains in the groin, and ringing in the ears.

Work should not bring with it a penalty of pain. 'Why is it that backache so often follows it? Because too ofteA a heavy and hurtful strain has been laid upon the kidneys, whose work it is to filter the blood free from 'poisonous waste matters.

y Picture Tells a Story

"It was nearly six years ago that Doan's back- ache kidney pills did me so much good," says Mrs. EL Crookes,49, Fairclough-avenue, Warring- ton, "and I kept well right up to a week ago, when I must have clught a cold, which settled in my kidneys. lam taking some more of Doan's pills, and I know from past experience that they will soon put me right. To my idea there is no medicine like Doan's backache kidney pills."

Few people realise the heavy tax that is levied by overwork, and by the strain upon the back that is so common in many teades and occupa- tions. The kidneys, which are situated beneath the small of the back, begin to fail in their work, there is a double danger to health. Poisonous waste matter collects in the system and the kidneys themselves suffer from weakness and disease. •

Mrs. Crookes' original statement is as follows: "The doct,,r told mo that my ailment was caused by the kidneys not acting properly, but his treat- ment did me no good, and I gradually got worse, My son-in-law obtained some of Doan's backache kidney pills for me, and the first few doses helped me. I continued with the medicine, and it has made me well again.

If your work seems too hard on you, if you have a lame, weak or aching back, if you seem tired and listless, and seem to be running down without apparent cause, begin at once with Doan's Backache Kidney Pills the great kidney remedy that has cured so many of your neighbours. It has given back to thousands of men and women health and strength for their daily work. Kidney trouble can be cured only by a kidney specific. Doan's Backache Kidney Pills are c)mpounded of drugs which act entirely upon the kidneys, regulating them when in health, strengthening them when weak, curing them when diseased. Here is

"The symptoms of my kidney trouble were dreadful pains in my loins and head, swellings of the limbs, and urinary disorder. My sight was affected, and specks seemed to float before my eyes ; I was fall of wind.

"But thanks to Doan's backache kidney pills, I am free from these troubles now, and I'am indeed grateful to the medicine for bringing me back to health.—(Signed) Hannah Crookes."

WARRINGTON EVIDENCE.

rot_ *sou r 'yaw p. 07.21 t, 3. kit Backache tortirfif PillS 4:40. ,oft.triecoi, if t II 4 cok k 3, IWO \\meo,grg-!•,(agrizi,A,,,,,

i'"--*`-- ',IP" for/rOfil,,Olare• '., I. •','_(,;;" ." .-...e!Matram, i• , ~,,..:..-144 4" ''''• : ' ,---" ~,:,r - 44: 4,44., :-. i, ~,, -, ih, L. , , ,!,i pt. , ..„.-,- _ t.,e, ..,:,3,/ , . 1., ~,- , ...• ,ed.. 11,1i- -4; ' i ,1/.,:' . i 4,4:W - , :':- - P,:' 1 :T,.i: x: 'n, ~..40 ~,,, , „e'-,11&r,:i7 .5,- ---4 e,, ,4"' •i' iti ~. I yialic - -, .--; l'' 41/47-7.--,,, --'._ z ~,- ,- /, • '.,, Ifk, . 'I, i , „_.. ~ • ...., ~, -.A— __ . , , •• ... , " Ever'

===== 0002601_19070511_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

JOSH BILLINGS' PHILOSOPHY.

The truth in a man iz hiz gratpst strength and hiz gratest glory; the angels in heaven fairly envy it. I have never allowed miaelf to kontrakt enny habits that I kan't disgorge, for I hay lernt that those old people who hay the fewest habits, or none at all, are the ones who are the most enjoyable. _ _

SVelth haz alwuss been more than a match for virtew ; and if Crcesus and Christ should ap- pear on earth again,' together, Crcesus would probably hay the most yotarys oy the two. . _

- I hav- alwuss noticed that the man who waz the most enthusiastik in talking about forrin lands, knu the least about hiz own. Never teach yure child to be cunning, for yu may be sure that yu will be one ov tne very first viktims ov hiz shrudeness. I hay some enernys in this world, and hay managed to vanquish all ov them bi never jaw- ing back. Az disgusting az snobbery iz, it iz playfull to kno.that every snob haz hiz toady.

The role oi•the monkey iz the mast unsatis- faktory one to attempt; if yu fill the role, yu hay only equaled a monkey; if yu git beat, where are yu? The man who reads every book he kan .find will git so phull of knolledge after awhile that he won't be certain of ennything. Let me make the taffy for a people, and I don't kare who makes their bread.

The human mind iz phull of kuriosity, but it desn't luv to be taught. The cheapest thing in Nu York City to-day iz human life.

If we run after pholks they ve sure tew re- treat, but if we retreat they will surely run after us.

Yu tickle me, and I'll scratch yu, iz a game that the whole world luvs tew play at. Thare iz a kind ov kuriosity which iz very common amung pholks, witch prompts them tew see how near they kan go tew a mule's heels, and not git hit. Virtew and humanity are alwirss inseparable. We can never outlive our follys; I suppoze that even Methuzaler had hiz thin spots taw the

Respectability, in theze times, depends a good deal upon a man's bank account. Every boddy—but the kussid phools—are working for themselfs.

Prestidigitateur (during his grand gold-piece act): "I colild take twenty-dollar gold pieces from your pocket all night." Seedy Indi- vidual; "Go ahead, pard ; I'll_ give ye half."

"In the struggle for liberty," shouted the long-haired anarchist,' " you will always find me, brothers, in the van." " Sure," said the doughtA policeman, as he pulled him into the patrol-waggon.

Muriel: "Why didn't you marry him? Every- body says he has reformed." Maud: "Yes, but• he reformed too late. His money was all gone."

Traveller (trying to write his name on a hotel register) : " This is a historic hostelry, I be- lieve?" Host (proudly) : " Yes, sir, one of the oldest hotels in this section, sir." "So I sup- posed—from the pens. "

College Student (nervously): " Did tne prima donna get my bouquet?" Stage Doorkeeper: "Yes, sir; but that six-foot young fellow you see back there got the leiter. He's her son."

"That man' may seem to you somewhat tin- educated, and yet he makes a fine living by his .pen." "Why, I would never take him for a writer." "He isn't ; he raises pigs."

"What wages do you pay, mum?" "I'm willing to pay you whatever you are worth." "lye never worked for as little as that, mum. Good day to you."

Gladys: "Mamma, what is •a cursory'' glance?" Mamma: "It is the kind of a look which your father gives when he wants to swear, but doesn't dare.

Boy: "Pa, what is an optimist?" Pa: "An optimist, my son, is a man who doesn't care what happens, so that it doesn't happen to him."

Literary Critic (laying down a new book) : "I wish every maid, wife, and mother in the country could read that book." Able Editor: "Well, run in a line to the effect that that book is one which no woman should be allowed to see."

A New York Central train was rapidly ap- proaching New York with Mark Twain as one of the passengers, when a lady sitting in a seat across the aisle leaned forward and asked: "Excuse me, sir, but will you kindly tell me if this train stops at the Grand Central Depot?" " Madam," replied the humourist, " I hope so; I hope to heaven it does, for if • doesn't there will be a deuce of a wreck."

"My good man," said the kind old lady stop- ping before bell 41144, "what are you in for?" "Robbin' de guests in a hotel, mum." "Were you the proprietor or head waiter?"

"Ah ! Mr. Penn," said the misguided ad- mirer of young Woodby Pote, don't you think Mr. Pote's poems are full of words that burn --" "Never put 'em to that test," replied Penn, the editQr : `.`l merely drop 'em in the waste-basket."

Mark Twain one wrote to Andrew Carnegie as follows "My dear Carnegie: I see by the papers that you are very prosperous. I want to get a hymn book. It cost six shillings. I will bless you, God will bless you, and it will do a great deal of good. Yours truly."

"But, 'Mandy, if you can buy ribbon like that for 45 cents a yard at the little store up here on the corner, what's the use of going all the wait() town, and paying car fare both ways, to get it for 42,cents? You don't save anything, do you?" "Goodness, yes. Papa always allows me money for car fare."

Mrs. Minks (severely) : "George, there is an account in the paper about a business man leaving his wife and running off with a pretty typewriter girl." Mr. Minks: "Indeed." "Yes, and it's the third account of the kind I've seen this week." "That doesn't interest me." "It does me. You:have a pretty typewriter' girl in your office." "No, we heven't. My partner eloped with her last week."

"Katharrine," said Bob, as he brought his club chums down to the depot platform, "these are all my friends." "Glad to meet you, gentle- men," replied the bride, sweetly, "and I'm so sorry that you are going to be sick." "Sick?" echoed the crowd in astonishment. Why should you think .we are going to be sick?" `.`Oh, be- cause soon after the honeymoon a married man always finds a great many sick friends to sit up with. '

Two clergymen, one a very stalwart and mus- cular Christian, the other a frail little man, went for a sail at Brighton, accompanied by an old salt. When they were some distance out at sea the wind commenced to blow a gale, so the sailor hauled down the sheet. and said: "Now one of you gents and me will have to take to the oars to get ,her borne." The muscular Christian said : "Very well, my friend will row, and I will pray." "No, no," responded the sailor, "you row ;- let the little- 'un "

===== 0002601_19070511_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
A choice of Cocoa Either the most nutritious and strength-giving

===== 0002601_19070511_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
P' t,..:.

Grateful--Comforting.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
COA

A delicious drink and a sustaining food.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
TEM ONLY

GENUINE

%32 80, X .

Be careful to get the genuine Doan's Backache Kidney Pills. They cannot be bought loo3e. They may be obtained of all chemists and stores. or direct, post free, from the Foster-McClellan Co.. 8. Wells-street, Oxford-street, London, W., price 2/9 a box, or 13/9 for 6 boxes.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
to suit your taste. Or, a lighter and thinner drink, refreshing and stimulating.

:

. , V*4••?. . i. o'ff ~ '! ;1 : A ~..„_, •L.O. ~

===== 0002601_19070511_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
• E. 11%,

Welcome at any hour of the day.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
BALFOUR CAPTURED.

[By MR J. HowEs.]

The visit of the colonial Premiers will long be remembered in this country, and it is well that the Liberal Party has arranged that the Liberal confer- ences shall take place every four years, in order that we may have an opportunity of conferring with ,the representatives of the distant parts of the Empfre, from time to time. The Tories have done their best to make party capital out of this visit, although their party kept our colonies in bondage as long as possible, and by their short sighted policy lost us the grandest of our col.mial possessions (The American States). The Liberals, by granting self-government, have made these colonies, united and loyal; tberefore they have a right to claim to be the true Colonial Party. The" Birmingham Post" has recently snubbed the Tories, for trying to monopolise the position of ' Imperialists. "It is with a sense of shame," (says this Unionist paper)" that we hear those who are so ready to stoop to cheap party tactics, proclaim they are the only Imperialists --that they alone, stand for the great conceptions of Empire. It seems to behove responsible members of the Unionist party, to mark their disaproval of this shallow and vulgar dinning into the ears of the colonial premiers, that Codlin's your friend, not Short.' We are all friends of the Colonies, we all join in welcoming their distinguished representatives, and we all pray., that their meeting will be productive of good to the empire we love. Surely at such a time, it is only decent to hold reck- less party spleen in check." This vigorous rap on the knuckles will, perhaps do our Tory friends good. Sir Joseph Ward (New Zealand Premier) speaking .at lanchester, declared his" supreme satisfaction" with the work done at the conference, and said that every colonial representative had "received at the hands of the representatives of the British Government,the great- est courtesy, consideration and kindness in every instance." One of the benefits conferred upon us by the visit of our Colonial friends is seen in the latest utter- ance of ilfr Balfour. Ever since the last general election the Proteztionist section of the Tory party has been endeavouring to find out this gentleman's true opinions on their pet question. He, with all the skill of which he is master, has continued to juggle with the question, and by propounding a number of verbal riddles has succeeded in keeping up his reputation as the mystery man, and befogging his followers; hut at last he has declared himself, and thrown in his lot with the "whole hoggers." We Liberals, have no need to complain of his recent attitude. As long as the Tories stand wedded to protection the Liberal party is safe. Of course, Mr. Balfour may in his next speech explain his recent utterances away, but for the present we must consider him in his latest character. The Protectionists have captured him and they are naturally jubilant at the result, although one Tory paper asks, "does he mean it ?" and others seem to have some doubt upon the question. The revival of the old agitation is not to be known as Protection but Colonial Preference and we are still threatened that if we refuse to tax our people's food for the benefit of a portion of some of our Colonies, the Empire will be in danger, but this Tory nightmare has been killed by the Colonial premiers themselves. The New' Zealand Premier said, " I sincerely hope that no one in this country supposes that because we differ at the ' conference we are not going to stand loyal and true by the old land' because of these differences." , General Botha said that as the self-governing Colonies desired to be free to manage their own affairs, so it was urgent that the mother country should manage its own affairs. Though no preference were given, the bond between Great Britain ' and the Transvgal would not be strained. And other distinguished colonial representatives, have made similar declarations, therefore, whenever Tory speakers trot out this terrible bogie, we must remember that the Colonies repudiate the charge of probable disloyalty, , brought against them by the Tory party. Mr. Balfour tells us that two things have induced him to adopt his present position. He is fearful that the Liberal Party will not be able to carry out social reforms without a terrible increase of taxation This new-born zeal for social reforms, on the part of Mr. I Balfour, is really very touching, and his•horror of increased taxation reveals the gentleman in an entirely new character. I think we can show him a way out of his difficulties. If money is wanted for , old age Pensions, we can continue the process intro- duced by Mr. Asquith. Graduate the income tax, and increase the death duties, thus placing the charge of old age pensions for the workers upon the accumulated, abundant wealth of the enormously rich. Mr. Balfour says, "the Prime Ministers of the self governing Colonies, have come here with one. accord, to press the policy of preference upon us." Of course this is not true, for the Colonies are very much divided on the question. The" Toronto Globe" (Canada) says :—" There is but one way in which the people of Great Britian can favour the Colonies, and that is by paying them higher prices. . . . . If we get higher prices, through the Tariff or otherwise, the people of Great Britain must pay. "Whatever other Colonies may seek, Canada will neither seek nor support such a favour to the Colonies. The fact is, the people of Great Britain have other heavy public burdens. A large propor- tion of them are living close to the borders of want, and the struggle for existence is hard and continu- ous. Deeper reflection will show that such requests for artificially-enhanced prices, which the Colonies do not want, and which burden the Mother-country, are due not to selfishness, as it must appear to the British people, but to economic hallucinations obscuring the real nature of these requests. Canada does not claim to be more unselfish than other Colonies, but Canada's representation has sufficient economic insight to see the real purport of the demand for Protection in Great Britain.' CAPE TOWN, May 2nd. The "South African News" repudiates in emphatic terms the assertion reported to have been made by Dr. Jameson at the Imperial Conference to the effect that all politicians in Cape Colony were in favour of preference. During the last session of the Legislative Assembly the whole of the Bond Party, with the exception of two members, voted specifically against preference; and an anti-preference resolution was actually passed in the Legislative Council. The journal remarks that the Conference will be a fraud if countries comprised in thfra Empire are to be represented by.statesmen who misrepresent the Parliamentary minority, whilst themselves being in a minority among the electorate, as is notoriously the position of the Cape Premier.

Our ireat Indian possession is dead against any interference with our Free Trade policy. The repre- sentative of that part of our Empire said

"The interests of India di) not, therefore, call for any change. The purchasing power of India in British markets is largely dependent on her trade with foreign countries. This is shown by the export and import figures, which show that the British Empire sells fifty millions worth of goods to India and buys 39i millions sterling, whilst foreign countries sell to India eighteen millions sterling worth of goods and buy goods of the value of siztv-six millions sterling." •

What is meant by Colonial Preference? We are told that we must make a bargain with our Colonies, but a bargain should have two sides. Any one-sided deal would not be 's bargain but a monopoly, and we must be very careful that the Tories do not lead us into an arrangement of this sort. At this present time we give our Colonies open ports. We, allow them to send us, what they like, how they, like, when they like, and the cheaper they send their good things, the better we like them. Do they reciprocate our kindness? No. They ' erect a wall of Tariffs against our goods and now some of them ask us to put a tax on goods that come from other countries, in their supposed interests, and in return they promise not to take off the taxes they put on our goods and give us open ports, as we give them, but that they will tax foreign countries a little higher than they tax us, in other words, we are to cease getting things cheap from abroad, in order that we may get them dear from the Colonies. This is a very good arrangement for them, but a very bad one for us, and as Mr. Joseph Chamberlain has told us that if we give a preference to the Colonies, we must tax the people's food, I have no fear but that the British people will continue, in future as they have done in the past., to resist the re-enactment of this Tory crime.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
LEEDS ROAD COLLAPSES.

A remarkable incident occurred in Clarendon-road, a residential thoroughfare in Leeds, shortly before noon on Wednesday. A motor-car had just passed when a large part of the centre of the road collapsed, exposing a cavity about 151 t. deep, and large enough to contain a horse and cart. It appears that an old well had been loosely filledfup. and when the filling subsided only a crust of macadam, barely 14in. thick, was left The judges who are sitting this week at the Leeds Assizes have been driven over the spot twice daily.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GOOD OLD TIMES.

'"Only nine bets were made in about an hour," said Mr. Enoch Evans, a Walsall solicitor in a betting case on Wednesday "whereas in the good old times there would have been 150 bets made in that time." A Magistrate: You mean the bad old times.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

The Wesleyan Bazaar.

The splendid success of the Japanese bazaar in Parr Hall must be a source of gratification to the workers at Bold-street, for the proceedings were closed on Saturdqy when it was announced that the total proceeds amounted to the handsome sum of £1,500. Votes of thanks were accorded to all who had assisted to bring about such a gratifying result. The children's opening ceremony which took the form of the pretty cantata "Spring Triumphant" wa3 repeated and again afforded much pleasure. BABY CARRIAGES.—New and exclusive designs now showing.—J. S. OARLA.ND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Local Successes. ' At the recent examination of the Associated Board of the Royal Academy and the Royal College of Music, the following pupils of Miss Partington, Stockton Lodge High School, were successful in pianoforte playing: -Intermediate grade, local centre, the Misses Edith Partington and Josie Broome ; school examina- tions, lower division, Anse Marjorie Bennett ; primary division, Miss Gladys Hamman. At the annual eisteddfod promoted by the Tyldesley Welsh Baptists on Saturday, in the pianoforte solo (juniors), Charles Ewart Eckersley, Eadestown, was awarded the first prize, whilst Mr. E. H. Pearce, of Warrington, won th ; bass sole competition. Personal. We are pleased to announce that the Postmaster- General has been pleased to promote Mr. James W. Woods to the position of Assistant Engineer in Chief in the Post Office. Mr. Woods received his education at the Warrington People's College under Mr. Brewtnall, and commenced his business career in the United Kingdom Telegraph Company in Hersemarket- street. Mr. Woods is the son of the late Peter and Rachel Woods, of Winwick-street, and is brother to Mrs. W. Clegg, Irlam-street. SUITS made to measure.—BA.NKS, Outfitter.—Advt. Licensing Transfers.

At the Borough Police Court on Monday, Mr. F. G. Taylor (Messrs. Henry Greenall and Company) applied for the transfer of the licence of the British Tar, Winwick-road, to Arthur Moffat, step-son of the late landlady, Mrs. Ann Moffatt. No objection was offered, and the application was granted. The off-licence at 38, Finners-brow, was transferred from John Peake to Charles Hall, and temporary authority was granted Peter Lawless to sell at the Borough Arms in lieu of Enoch A. Hollingworth, ex-police sergeant. Whist Drive.

On Monday evening a successful whist drive pro- moted by the Young Ladies' club was held in the St. Clement's Schoolroom. The Rev. T. W. Barber and Mr. R. W. Collin acted as M.C.'s. The prizes which were given by Mr. H. Mather, were presented by Mrs. Barber to the following ladies and gentlemen :—Mrs. William Price (Ist. prize), Miss Pitman and Miss Horabin, and the Rev. J. H. G. Hollingworth and Messrs. Pierpoint and Jones. Mrs. Barber and Misses E. H. Boardman, Howard, Jones, Davies, and Edith Jones, of the Ladies' Club, had made all the arrange- ments. Dancing was afterwards indulged in till the early hours of Tuesday morning.

PREMIER IN NAME, Pre mieiin quality. Premier Cycles from seven guineas.—So le agent, J. S. .GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. The Horse Parade. Considerable interest is being taken in the seventh annual horse parade which will take place on Saturday, May 25th. In the annual report just issued it is stated that the number of entries last year was 113, and that prizes amounting to £4l 2s. 6d. were distributed amongst the competitors. In addition to this two silver cups were given by Sir Gilbert Greenall, the president of the society ; a silver cup by Mr. Peter Davies, of Warburton; medals and premium by the Shire Horse Society, and diplomas by the R.S.P.C.A. Much credit is due to the horse-keepers for the highly satisfactory manner in which the horses appeared on parade, the aim of the committee being to encourage regular care in the feeding and grooming of horses, and to foster kindly treatment of them at all times. The committee c9nsists of Messrs. W. Bain- bridge, H. Ferguson, jun. W. Fletcher, Robert Garton, S. Picton, H. G. Roberts, W. P. Rylands, R. Spann and George Venn, with Councillor J. Fulton Smith as hon treaasurer, and Mr. A. H. Clive, as hon. secretary. NORFOLK SUITS from 18/6—Raturs,Outfltter.—Advt. Death of Mr. J. T. Blease. Many of our readers -will regret to hear of the death of Mr. John Thomas Blease, which took place on Thursday of last week at his residence,333, Lovely-lane. The deceased who was 42 years of age had been suffering since Christmas last from heart disease and dropsy. He was a faithful servant of the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company, Limited, having been in the iday wages office department for upwards of 28 years. The funeral took place at the Cemetery on Monday afternoon, the officiating minister being the Rev. H. Wall, of Cockhedge Mission. A large number of relatives and friends assembled to pay a last tribute of respect. The chief Mourners were the widow and Pon, Mrs. Sparkes (sister-in-law), Mr. W. Taylor, Mr. T. Taylor, Mr. W. Sparkes (brothers-in-law), Mr. T. Sparkes (nephew). The bearers were Messrs. C. Skinner, J. A. Norman, W. Dennett, R. Cuppage, C. Woods and Wm. Scotson (six office colleagues). Others who attended from the firm were Messrs. J. Gibson, W. Pilkington, R. C. Price and R. Andrews, while there were also present Councillor Chantler, Mr. William Ford and Mr. Frank Howard (late employs of the firm). Owing to indisposition Hi-James Dodds was unable to be present. Wreaths were sent by the Ifollowing :—" Dear wife and son," Mr. and Mrs. Wm. 'Taylor,' "William and Phcebe Sparkes," Mr. Thomas Taylor, and Dallam staff and Bewsey office staff.

PUBLIC BSNEFIT.-UNDKR TiS CLOCK TO BB BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt.

Funeral of the Late Mr, George Jolley. The funeral of the late Mr. George Jolley, who for many years was a prominent worker for the Conserva- tive party in Warrington, took place at the Warring- ton Cemetery on Sunday. Deceased had for upwards of 45 years been a member of the Druids' Friendly Society which was zepresented at the funeral by : Bros. David Houghton, P.G.111., E. Hardiman, N.G.A. ; T. Hardiman, V.G.A. ; W. Gill, secretary of the lodge trustees ; E. Massey, T. Webster, P. Wells, and J. Mather. The chief mourners were Mr. James Jolley (son), Master George Jolley (grandson), Mr. James Wood (brother-in-law), Mr. Thomas Jolley (nephew, Birkenhead), Mr. James Jolley (Swinton), Mr. James Travis (Swinton), Mr. James Jolley (St. Helens), Mr. Edwards Williams, Mr. George Williams and Mr. Alfred Carter. The Conservative Association was represented by Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., Mr. John White, Councillor 3. Fulton-Smith, Councillor Steel, Councillor Ashcroft, Mr. Robert Bolton and Mr. William Holbrook ; the Conservative Club, Sankey-street, by Messrs. Henry Collin (secretary). William St rettl e, John Hes k eth, William Watson, Thomas Horrabin, Samuel Caldwell and Joseph Harding; the Junior Conservative Club and Association by Messrs. W. L. Williams, H. Hayes R. F. Littlewood, Peter Berry, Thomas ,Clayton, Joseph Taylor and C. L, Rogers; the St. John's Ward Committee by Messrs. Robert, Sumner, William Jolley, J. J. Hands and J. Meredith. The officiating clergy- man was the Ray. T. W. Barber.

PREMIER CYCLES with Sturmey Archer three speed gear, nine guineas, Two speed gear eight guineas.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-street Warringtofh—Advt. Mayor's 'Warning to Publicans. • A warning to publicans was forthcoming from the Warrington Bench on Monday as the result of a csse in which Thomas Hawkins, 65, Wellington-street, was charged at the Polico Court on Monday with being drunk and 'disorderly, in Mersey-street at five minutes past eight on Saturday night, and with breaking a , glass panel at the Victoria Vaults, doing damage to the extent of 7s. 6d.-- Robert Ernest Ditchfield, bar- man, stated that at 7.45 on Saturday night, defendant , entered the house with a companion and called for a ' pint of beer for a friend. Witness served him, but defendant said he would pay the landlady. As he refused to pay witness took the beer back. Defendant then refused to leave the house, dnd Mrs. Whittaker, the landlady, put him out Defendant then broke a panel in the door with his hand, which he damaged.— Mrs. Whittaker also gave evidence, and stated that defendant was in the house at two o'clock the same afternoon, but he had been Out in the interval.- - A fine of 4s. was imposed, and the Mayor said the Bench considered defendant had been more sinned against than sinning. With regard to Mrs. Whittaker the Bench felt very strongly about defendant being allowed to enter tho house when he was so drunk that he did not know what he was doing' or ordering, and when he refused to pay was tuned out and locked up. This must be a warning to her, and he did not know what woild become of the case, which was a rather bad one. The Bench would take strict notice of cases of drunken persons leaving public-houses.— It was stated that Mr. Whittaker was ill, and could not appear.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0086.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
STOCKTON HEATH

===== 0002601_19070511_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Meeting of the Parochial Committec.

The first meeting for the year of the Stockton Heath Parochial Committee was held at the Hall Cafe on Tuesday evening when there were present :—Messrs. G. Pilling, F. Pearson, H. J. Westbrook, T. R. West- brook, J. W. Bouchier, J. Mynekyme, J. McDermid, J. Whitley, J. Hallows, G. J. Brown, F. Warburton, J. H. Clarke, W. Mclntyre, G. F'. Ashton (clerk), and J. Swinton (surveyor). On the motion• of Mr. Hallows seconded by Mr. Bouchier, Mr. Pilling was re-elected to the chair. The office of vice-chairman was again confer.ed upon Mr. Clarke.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED NUISANCE.

Mr. C. J. Smith, Walton-road, vt rote complaining of the nuisance arising in the neighbourhood of Walton- road and Whitefield-road, by the disposal of nightsoil on a field between the two roads. The practice was one which was both offensive and dangerous to health. He had written to Dr. Adams who had promised to move in the matter, but up to the present had not done so. He asked the Committee to take steps to prevent the continuance of the nuisance. Mr. Bouchier moved that the Committee take what- ever steps were necessary to prevent the nuisance. There was no doubt it was a great danger and he believed some sickness had already been occasioned by it: He thought the medical officer should have moved in the matter earlier. Mr. Swinton said he had seen the tenant of the field who had promised to discontinue the practice.

STET PAVING. It was decided that in future back streets and pass- ages should be paved with tarred macadam.

ELECTION OF COMMITTEES.

Messrs. Bonchier, Whitley, T. R. Westbrook Mclntyre, Pearson, McDermid, Brown and Mynekyme were elected to form the Lighting Committee. The Building Com- mitte6 : Massie. Bouchier, Pearson, H. J. Westbrook, Whitley, Hallows, Warburton, Brown and Mynekyme ; and the Fire Appliances Committee, Messrs. Warburton, Mclntyre, T. R. Westbrook, McDermid, Brown and IVlynekyme.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL INSURANCE COMPANY.

EXTENSION OF POWERS.

The Royal Insurance Company the total funds of which are over £13,500,000 and which has the distinction of being the largest fire insurance compay in the world, announces an important extension of powers. By virtue of a special Act of Parliament the Company is now in a position to undertake all classes of accident work- men's compensation, burglary, fidelity guarantee, and property owners' liability business. In view of the enormous increase in the volume of insurance which must result from the new Workmen's Compensation Act the extension of the scope of the "Royal "has been secured at a timely moment and the Company may be expected to derive material advantage.

THE NATIONAL FREE CHURCH COUNCIL AND PEACE.

The National Counoil of the Evangelical Free Churches has issued an important circular to all the local Councils of England and Wales with reference to the forthcoming Hague Peace Conference, with sugges- tions for the carrying out of a simultaneous and united effort to promote the Peace proposals that will come before the Conference. Among the recommendations are the holding of great district Council and-public gatherings for the education of public opinion and pass- ing of resolutions on the lines of that passed at the Annual Council at Leeds. The Central Office Memorial Hall will supply literature for use at these meetings. A letter is also being sent to all the Free Church Ministers asking them to observe Sunday, June 9th, as "Peace Sunday" so that special sermons may then be preached.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE.

A COU&rOARRACNOTLEDEIINTOaIEjRIGHT.

The romance of the tise of Veno's Lightning Cough Cure is most remarkable. In seven years this famous remedy has won its way into nearly every home in Great Britein and the Colonies. Upwards of two million bottles are sold annually. Doctors prescribe it because it is absolutely the safest, purest and most efficient remedy procurable for : INFLUENZA ASTHMA NASAL CATARRH WEAK LUNGS CHRONIC COUGHS CROUP

BRONCHITIS WHOOPING COUGH Albert Smith, Esq., M.1.C.5., M.S.B.Sc., Analy- tical and Bacteriological Laboratory, 2, King's Road, Brownswood Park, London, N., in his cer- tificate of analysis says :—" I find Veno's Lightning Cough Cure composed of pure ingredients carefully compounded, whose combined effect is to allay irrita- tion and facilitate the ejection of mucus, soothe and stimulate the lungs, thus enabling any lesion of the respiratory tract to herd, and so preventing that dis- tressing irritation and constant coughing which produces exhaustion. In my opinion it is a most _excellent remedy, and can be relied upon as a safe and effective medicine in asthma' bronchitis, and all affections of the lungs, for which I thoroughly recommend it." Veno's Lightning,Cough Cure is free from all danger- ous drugs, and is the safest, purest, and most effective remedy extant for coughs, colds, bronchitis, asthma, catarrh, whooping cough, and all chest and lung troubles. Price *l., is. lid. and 2s. 9d. of all chemists and stores everywhere.

DON'T DELAY IF YOU FEEL "our OF SORTS Or if you have a friend whose constitution has been weakened, whether by overwork of brain or body by exposure to the weather, by working long hours in ill-ventilated rooms, by recent sickness, or by any cause tending to weaken the bodily powers; in a word, if he is one who suffers from any form of complaint which may be the result of any of the above or similar causes; if, for instance, you can see that he is troubled with Indigestion, the bane of our Country and of modern civilization; or, if you think he has Low Spirits, that sure sign of some Nervous Disorder, bringing in its train a host of other complaints such as Melancholy, Lassitude &G., or, perhaps, Neuralgia, and frequently, Sleeplessness, which of itself is sufficient to weaken the strongest constitution, and to make life a burden; or, if being free from those, he is regarded by his friends or himself as being of a delicate constitution, subject to Bronchitis, Coughs, Colds, a tendency to Consumption, or other Chest Affections and if he, like thousands of others, failed to get relief from other remedies,tell him he need not be disheartened, that there is one Remedy whose virtues are so great,that it has succeeded where others have failed, and that there is hops he may be ' cured,as thousands of others have been cured before him by making a sensible and timely use of Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. If your friend then gives it a fair trial, he will be fully convinced, as others have been, that this is the Best Remedy of The • Age. You or your friend may ask "What is Gwilym Evans' Qtinine Bitters ?" It is a Preparation now extensively taken throughout the country by patients suffering from Debility, Nervousness, and General Exhaustion, and if any value be attached to human testimony, the efficacy of this medicine has been suc- cessfully established. Its claims have been tested and proved by the medical profession and others, and corro- borated by the wiitten testimonials of eminent men. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters contain not only a suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose, but the active principles of the fdllowing well-known herbs— Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Lavenper, Burdock and Dandelion. The use of Quinine is well known, but it has never beeen satisfactorily combined with these preparations, until after overcoming considerable difficulties, the proprietor was able to secure a perfectly uniform preparation, combining all the essential properties of the above plants in their greatest purity and concentration. It is now estab- lished as a family medicine,and is increasing in popular favour the more it is known and tested. Gwilvm Evans' Quinine Bitters is a tonic " Pick-me-up " scientifically mixed in happy proportions. Sold everywhere in bottles, 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each. Should any difficulty be experienced in procuring Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, it will be forwarded carriage free for the above prices by the Sole Pro- prietors: The Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. We particularly caution our readers against imitators, and impress upon them the importance of always seeing that the name "Gwilym Evans "is on the Label, Stamp,and Bottle without which none is genuine,

===== 0002601_19070511_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
111: DEAR NIECES AND NEPHEWS,— I would like, to give a Prize for the first relations sending me in a Cure for the Blues. \I regret to say I've got them. r happen be staying down in Norfolk—where the broads come from—and the last two or t!..tre( weeks it has done nothing .but rain, rain, rain! I've Water in Front of me. Water Behind me, Water Above me; and, I might say, Water. by the Side of me— as I am staying within a quarter-mile of the Water Works. Oh. dear! it's quite depressing; and, if it were not for your welcome missives, life would hardly be wazih living. I am now going through the Puzzlt Solutions, and the first letter opened is that sent in by Gladys Knight; and the second week's solution is sent in by Bertie Champney. So I hope by the time these lines are in print they will both have received their rewards. Good-bye until next week.

UNCLE NED,

OF INTEREST TO CONTRIBUTORS

REGGIE OLDKNOW.—I received your kind letter, Reggie, but you omitted to put on your Address. Will you please send it on to me? MAY BLOSSOM.—Thanks for the Card. How

charming you look in pink, May! Am so glad you appreciated the Prize. BERTIE CHAMPNEY.—You have also omitted to enclose Address. I expect you're in love, Bertie

===== 0002601_19070511_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
"t A CCOMMODATING."

A certain man, who is noted for halving an enormously thick neck, when travelling one day, found himself in need of a fresh collar, and went into a haberdasher's shop to purchase one. "I would like a collar," he said to the shop-tun. What size?" asked the latter. "Size twenty." "We don't keep collars so large as that; but I think you might be able to get one three shops further along the Etreet." He went, and found the shop indicated. It was a harness-maker's!

From your loving Nephew, REGGIE HANSON

Dolly, do go to sleep I The dark comes creepy In through the window, To make you sleepy— You don't care a bit, With your eyes open wide, About the big dark— It makes me hide! Poor, poor Arabella Can only stare; "I think, Little Mistress, It isn't fair. You know very well You bought me cheap— I wasn't made To go to sleep."

ETHEL COLLETT.

-----

AN ADVENTURE IN THE WOODS.

One day, when I was sitting under a tree in a wood I heard a rustle. On looking round, I saw that it was a snake! This startled me, and I said " Oh, dear!" and started to run. This aroused the snake, and it followed me. The snake continued the chase for about half-an- hour, but I was gaining the race, and, whilst I was running amongst the trees, the snake lost sight of me, but I saw another, and I killed this straightaway, and wandered out of the wood. WILLIAM ADAMS.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CAT AND THE FOX.

A fox one day said to his friend, the wild cat, "When the hounds come to hunt me, I have such tricks to get out of their way that they cannot catch me. I have ten tricks, and ten times more than you can guess." "As for poor me," said the cat, "I have only one, and, if that should fail, I am a lost cat.' ' "Alas! poor puss 1" said the fox. Just then they heard the blast of a horn, and on came the hounds in full cry. The fox ran this way anii that, and tued all his tricks, but was caught at last. The cat ran up a tree, for that was her one trick; but the hounds could not reach her. "So I see," said the cat, "that one good trick is worth mare than ten bad ones."

NELLIE HAYS

'ear Uncle Ned,—l should like to become member of your "Corner." lam eight years d. I am in Standard 111. lam sending you piece of poetry, called:

HAPPY-GO-LUCKY. Happy-go-lucky is brimful of fun, ' Up in the morning as soon as the sun; Sliding on bannisters all the way down, Playing at circus and bumping his crown.

Happy-go-lucky runs out in the streets, Asks in to dinner each beggar he meets. Happy-go-lucky—now just think of that! Tied Grandmamrna's spectacles on the poor " cat! . LAU.RIE E. NEWMAN.

Dear Uncle Ned,—ln my last letter I told you I would tell you about South Australia. Well, to start with, some morning when we get up its beautiful weather, and by dinner time, dust is seen to be rising all around the hori- zon; then about 3 or 4 o'clock we have a terrible dust storm. Sometimes it gets that dark' that we have to light the lamp. I think my little cousins in England would be fright- ened if they saw it coming. In summer-time people have to be very careful, because there are so many snakes about. Sometimes in summer the heat goes up to 120 degrees in the shade, then sometimes before night it goes down to 90 degrees; this is what they call a cool change. Now I think I have told you all about South Australia this time. lam sending you a piece of poetry, called:

THE BRAVE PUPPY DOGS. Seven little_ puppy dogs sat in a row,

And boasted as will, you know; "Oh, what brave dogs are we'?" said they, "If only a rat would come this wayl

We'd toss him and tear him,

And bite him and scare him,

Till he'd wish he'd never been born, said they.

"What's that?" said one. "Tis a scratoh I hear." Then they stopped their boasting, and listened in fear. When a tiny nose peeped out from the hay, "Tis a mouse!" they all cried, and they scampered away. . .

NELL'IE ATKIN.

- "THE BUNNEY." I have a little Bunney, With coat as soft as down; And ,nearly •all of him is white, Except a piece of brown. The first thing in the morning, When I get out of bed, T wonder if my Bunney's still Safe in his little shed. Whit- with carrots in the morning And turnip-tops for tea, If a Bunney can be happy, I am sure he ought to be. MABEL REDMAN.

Why is it dangerous to go into the Woods in Spring ?—Because the bull-rush is out, and the cowslips around; the grasses have blades, and the flowers have pistils, and the little twigs are shooting. In what place did the cock crow so loud that all the world heard him ?—ln the Ark.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SICK KITTEN.

"Good morning, Mrs. Tabbycat, How is Miss Kit to-day?" "Not quite so well, kind Doctor Gruff, But come this way I pray."

"Sit up and put your tongue oat—so; Please give a little purr. Yes, you must have a draught or pill— Which do ybu prefer? And what has Kitty done to make Her little self so sick?" " She caught and ate a dozen mice, And ate them far too quick !"

"An excellent Food, admirably adapted to the wants of infants and young persovs." —SIR CHARLES A. CAMERON. C. 13., M.D.. Professor of Chemtstry, R.C.5.1., Medical Officer of Health for Dublin,

PURVEYORS- BY-SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO H.I.M. THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA.

' • t;ti ' t .

===== 0002601_19070511_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
HIS .MASTER'S HAT.

Not long ago, a fine collie dog was running happily after an omnibus, on the top of which his master was seated. Every now and then the man turned round to encourage the dog, and at last, as he did this, a gust of wind blew off his hat, which went careering down the road by the side of the omnibus. Quick as thought, the dog darted after the hat, chased it, and "rounded it up," as if it were a stray lamb or sheep, and when the man came down from the top of the omnibus to get his lost property, the dog was waiting for him, wagging his tail, with the hat safely in his mouth. Much love. DORIS Corzox.

"NEVER MIND THE BRIARS."

A man met on the road a little fellow, carry- ing a basket of blackberries, and said to him: "Sammy," where did you get such a lot of nice berries?" "Over there, sir, in the briars."

"Won't your mother be glad to see you come home, with a basket of such nice, ripe fruit?" "Yes, sir," said Sammy, with a bright smile.; "she always seems glad when I hold the berries up, and I don't tell her anything about the briars in my hand."

The man rode on. Sammy's remark had given him a lesson, and he resolved that henceforth he would try to remember the joys of life, and say nothing about its troubles.

ETHEL STEVENS.

Tommy (inquiringly): "Mamma, is this hair oil in this bottle?" Mamma: "Mercy, no. That's glue." Tommy (nonchalantly): "That's why I can't get my hat off." .

The foreman of a large printing-house one morning received the/ following note from the wife of one of the men in his employ: "Please to eggscuse nay husban' for not coming to work today. He is ded."

"Let go my ear,- yelled a passenger on a tram. "I beg your pardon," said the other man, "I thought I had hold of the strap."

===== 0002601_19070511_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
„ .

===== 0002601_19070511_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
. .:PU8L.J:c.._..ii.:...f.A.E.F1T.-oQ:cTcqmpA.Nw,a..

PUBLIC BENEFIT BCOT COMPANY.

a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 30, 9 5, 9 30, 10 30 a.m. 1 40, 2 0,2 5, 5 40, 6 35, 8 30, 940 p.m. Manchester (London Road.)-7 5,7 50,9 20, 10 25-, a.m. 12 30, bl 5, 2 0,2 55, 3 40, a 5 0, 5 20, 6a, 6 55, 95, 11 0, p.m. Sundays 7 30. a.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. b Saturdays only. Moore-6 56, 96,11 9 a.m. 12 32, a 3 1, 48, 4 55, 733 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 4 58p.m, a Wednes- days and Saturdays .only. Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 20, 8 42, 97, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 11 8 a.m. 12 35, al 5, al 28, 1 44, 37, 4 48, 55, 5 38, 549,627,730,85, 931, 103, 114, all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3.40, 7 20, 11 7 p.m. a Saturdays only. Padgate-G 30, 6 58, 7 55, 8 29,9 0, 10 3 a.m. 1 20, 2 0, 5 5, 6 18, 7 5, 9 6, 10 25, 11 32 p.m. Sundays 8 52, 11 14 a.m. 2 33, 9 12, 10 14, 10 20 p.m. Runcorn-5 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 21, 14, 3 7, 4 40, 5 41, 6 30, 8 10, 10 10 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 7 50, 8 27, 9 30,10 16, 10 55 a.m.12 36 2.1 40, 2 35, 3 43, 4 35, 5 26,5 36, 623, 7 25, 8 28, 9 32;11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m. 48, 8 54, p.m. Southport-8 0, 95, 10 15, 10 40, 12 25, 1 30, 2 45, 4 5, 4 10, 5 25,7 15,8 5,a9 5,10 o.Sundays ,9 0,2 0, 750, a Saturdays only.

-61, 8 36, 8 18, 9 58, 11 7 a.m. 1 15, al 41, 2 9, 2 55, 3 34, 4 22 b 5, 35, 6 3, 6 45, 735,9 47, 11 28 p.m. Sundays, 8 19 a.m. 2 59, 719 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)--a2 39, b 3 10, 6 33, 8 15, 9 17' 9 54, 10 0, 11 38 a.m. 12 5 1 26, 2 30, 3 27, 4 20, 4 56, 520 6 55, 75, 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 39, 930 a.m. 3 25, 6 55, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY 7,1111 E, TABLE.

MAY. FROM WARRINGTON TO

Acton Bridge-7 14, 740, 8 10, 10 '2O a.m. 12 5, 1 10. 2 55, a 3 35, 5 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sunday, 10 15 a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 75, 8 35, 9 58, 11 42, hll 55, a.m. 1 50, 4 39, a 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 60, p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 30, 78, 835, 9 58. 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 150, 439, 628, 7 20, 8 37, 98, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 6 0 p.m. b Saturdays only. Chester-7.34, 8 17, 9 5, 10 23, 11 30 a.m. 12 30, 1 40, 1 58,2 30 3 19, 422, 5 6,6 4,7 54,8 5,10 20, 11 35 p.m. Sundays- 8 44, a.m. 7 45, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green 7 5, 85, 8 25, 10 10, 10 55 a.m. 12 25, 2 45, 3 45, 5 15, 6 37, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 34, 9 sa.m. 12 30, 230,3 19, 56, 64, 85,10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill--7 36, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 64, 744 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 75, 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 14,10 55, 11 55 a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 2 45, 3 45,3 50, 5 15, 6 37, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. a :-'aturdays only. Sundays 7 46, 8 35, 843 a.m. 5 10,6 0, 7 57, 9 54 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Peuketh-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 d 5, 3 2(); 347, 5 15, 6 17, 80, 100 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 240, 8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 34, 95,10 23 10 30, a.m. 12 30 2 30, 3 19,4 22, 5 6, 6 4,7 54,8 5, 10 20,a1l 35 p.m.Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. , Golborne-5 30, 75, 85, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 3 50, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 p.n. Sundays 843 a.m. 60 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 56, 64, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam,Cadishead-7 0, 7508 8. 9 3 a.m. 22, 4 58, 710, '9 15 all 50 p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 18, 11 32 a.m. 3 I's, 50, 7 18, 9 35, pm. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. • 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 9 25 p.m. Sundays 6 30,8 46 a.m.3 5,8 10 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liyerpool(C.L.C.)-a4 40,5 35,7 5,755,8 2,8 50,9 5, 34 50,10 30, 10 50, 11 50 am. 12 0,12 50,1 10, bl 13,1 50, 27, 2 50, 3 13, 3 50, 3 56, 45, 4 10, 4 50, 5 50, 5 57, 6 50, 75, 7 50, 80, 8 50, S 55, 9 40, 10 4, 10 40, blO 42, bll 10, -11 30, 11 39 p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, c Saturdays excepted. Sundays 4 40, 535, 90,9 45,9 55,11 20 a.m. 220, 2 39, 4 43, 60, 7 10, 8 28, 9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. . Liverpool (L. S; N.W.)-a4 51, a 5 25, 7 11, 7 27, 8 23, 8 25, 9 19, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 1225, 155, 2 45, 3 20, 3 45, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 7 8, 7 40, 80, 9 25, blO 0, 10 30, bll 30 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays, 451, 5 30, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 28, 5 10, 60,80, 9 54 p.m. ' Lymm-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, aB3O, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bll 40 p.m. b atops when requirtd. Manchester (L. and N.-W)-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 53, 530, a 75, 85, 825, 35' 919, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 12 18. 1 15, 2 41,2 45, 3 31, 3 50,4 26, 5 15, 5 53, 6 33, 7 20, 8 6, 9 22, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 55, 4 56,7 46 a.m. 5 15, 60, 757, p.m. a Mondays only Manchester (C.L.C.)-G 53, 7 57, 88, 8 55, 93, 9 55, 10 55, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 1 55, 2 55, 3 55, 4 55,4 58, 5 55, 655 7 10, 7 55, 8 35, 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, b1"1 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sundays 8 45, 9 37, 10 18, 11 32 a.m 30, 3 15, 456, 50, 7 18, 855, 9 15,9 25, 10 5.p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 10 20, a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 2 55, a 3 35, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 55,b4 45,5 30, 7 5,8 5,8 35, 9 10,9 25,10 10, 10 40.10 55, n 55. a.m. 12 18.12 25, 1 15, 1 50, 2 45, 3 31. 3 50, 4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 22, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 7 46, 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b MonQlays only. ------Padgata-7 0. 7 12, 7 45, 8 8, 8 35, 10, 35. 11 22 a.m. 12 18, 1 41, 3 55' 4 58, 5 33, 05, 7 10, 8 36, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0, 9 25 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 109, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 320, 3 47, 5 15,6 17, 8 0, 10 0 pin. Sankey-75, 82,9 5, 100, 115 a.m. 120. bl 0, al 8, 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 26, 75,8 0, 90, blO 0, alo 42, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 20 a.m. 2 39, 97. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-7 30, 8 2:3, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. • St. Helens (L. & N.-W.)-7.5, 8.25, 10.10, 10.55, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3.20,3.45, 5.15, 6.37, 7.8, 7.40, 8.0, 9.25, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 8.35, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 9,54, p.m. a Saturdays only. Southport C.L.C.-7.5, 8 35, a 9.36, 10.25 11.2, a.m.1.27, 3.18, 4 10.5 3,b6.20,6 26, 7.40, 8 0, p.m. Sundays, 9.35' am. 2.6, 9.7, p.m. aMondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Thelwall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 7 5, 8 35, 9 58, 10 55 11 42 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 1 50, 3 50, 4 46, 5 15, 28, '' 7 20, 8 37, 98,10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 3 35, 6 0, 9 54p.m. Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 5, 95, 10 0, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, al 0, bl 13. 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 528, 6 26, 7 5, 8 0, 90, alO o,blo 37 p.m. a Saturdays excepted, b Saturdays only. Sundays 00, 935 a.m. 2 39, 918 p.m.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

Acton Bridge-6 32,7 40, 8 54,1.0 57 am. 12 19, a 2 49, 3 55, 4 41,7 20, 8 28. .Sundays 759 am. a Wednesdays and Saturdays Only. • Blackpool (1. & N.-W.)--7 tiO. 8 25, 9 55, 10 22 11 10,12 45,a.m. al. 30,2 5, 3 8, 5 30, 6 48, 8 25, c 9 10, 69 40, 10 5, p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 1 15, 4 53, 8 45, pan. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. c Thursdays only. Blackpool (L. & N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 40, 9 47, 11 25 (Lin. 1 40, 2 25, 3 28, 5 20, 7 0,8 45, 10 0,1030 p.m. Sundays 7 26 a.m. 1 37, 5 8, 7 30 P.m. Chester-2 25, 64 20, 7 25' 8 45, 9 40, 10 12' 10 40, 11 45 a.m. '2 0, 2 10, 30, 3 50, 5 18, 523,6 30, 7 35,8 10. 8 50 p.m. Sundays 2 25,4 20, 6 30 a.m.6 55, p.m. b Mondays excepted. Collins Green-6 40, 79, 845. 1024, 11-23 ft.M. 12 45, 2 10. 3 5, 4 1, 5 38, 6 42, 7 47, 9 6, al.o 43, 10 58 p.m. Sundays 810 a.m. 7 15 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Daresbnry--8 11, 10 17,11 18 um. 2 49, 6 2,7 11,8 43 p.m. Sundays 720 a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 39, 9 52, 113052 a.m. 2.22, • 35, 6 47, 822 p.m. Sundao ft 43 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Earlestown-7 2, 7 13, 8 47, 850. 9 15, 9 45, 10 26, 10 36, It 25 a.m. 1238, 114, 2 3, 327, 5 10, 543, 5 52, 6 55, 7 -13, 88, 9 10, 9 34, 10 47, all 1, al2 Our;. a Saturdays only. Sundays 833, 9 53, 9 57,-10 3 a.m. 3 43,7 24, 10 2 p.m. Fiddlers' Petry and Penketh-79, 8 53, 942, 10 45 a.m. 12 3. al2 57, 24, 3 27, 54, 02, 658,914 p.m. Sunda3s 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Satutdays only. Frodshant -7 9.0, 10 1, 111, a.m. 231, 49, 5 44, 6 58, 8 31, p.m. Sunday 72, a.m. 7. 24 p.m. Golborne-0 -14, 8 28, 10 12,a.m. :2 17, 2 41, 4 31, 5 30,, 7 15, 9 21, 10 42. a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 7 5 put. • Helsby-7 46, 8 56, 9 57, 10 57, a.m. 2 27, 47, 40, 6 54, 827, p.m. Sunda) 6 53, a.m. 7 18, p.m, Irlam and C..dishead--.-6 19. 6 48, 7 39, 9 53, -flan. 17, 54, 6 54, 855, 1120, p.m. Sundays 9 21, 11 0, aan, 1 20, 2 22,6 55, 8 50, 10 0 p.m. Lateltlord-1 55. 8 40, 9 22, 10 2, 11 11 a.m. .1 20, al 45, 2 13. 30, 3 38, . 4 26, b 539. 6.7, 649, 739, 9 52, cll 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. c Arpley. Sundays .8 23 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool .(C.L.C.)-5 10, 630. 7 30, 7 40, S 20, 8 30, 8 40, 9 20, 9 30, 9 33, 10 30, 11 5, 11 30, 11 33 11 50, a.m. 12 30, 12 50, 1 0, 1 30, 1 45, 2 30, 2 40, 2 43, 4 0, 4 30, 4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 6 35, 7 30, 7 35, 8 30, 8 36, 8 40, 9 30, 610 50, 11 0, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 9,0, 10 55, 11 15 a.m.2 30, 3 20, 40, 4 30, 6 15,6 30, 8 30, 9 35, p.m. Liverpool ( & N.-W.)-a2 35,3 10,6 10,9 10,8 31, 95, i 330, -955 110 a.m. 12 21, 115, 245, '3O, 3 35, 4 20, 4 50, 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 25. •8 30, 9 0, 610 5, 10 41, 611 15 p.m., a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 115,9 20 a.m.2 10, 6 30,7 15,10 45 p.m. Lynim-7 48,8 32,9 14, 9 54,11 3 a.m. 1 11, a 137, 25,250, 330, 4 18, 65 31, 559, 641, 731, 9 43, 11 33 p.m. a Saturdays only. Saturda.ys eXcepted. Sundays 815 a.m. 2 25, 715 p.m. Manchester (Central)-5 55, 6 30, 7 30, 8 30,a9 5, 9 30, 9 33, 10 5, 10 30, 10 35, 11 30 .an. 12 30, 12 50, 130,230,330,345, 4 30, 435 5 30, 0, 6 30, 6 35, 7 10, 7 30, 830, 835, 9 20, 10 20, ulO5O, 11 0 p.m.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

LIQUID AIR FOR MINE RESCUES.

A new use for liquid air has been fund in its application to rescue work in mines. An apparatus weighing only 141 b. has been de- vised, which can be carried on the back, and which gives a supply of absolutely pure- air for about three hours. Although thus asso- ciated with collieries, it is probable that liquid air might be utilised in the same way for fire brigade service.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
PEAT:GAS FOR FURNACES.

Among the varied uses of peat, that for the production of gas is perhaps the least known. It has been used for this purpose, however, for the last thirty years in Ale steel works of Notala, in Sweden. From 13,000 to 16,000 cubic yards of peat are thus used yearly. It costs rather more than coal gas, but has the advantage of containing scarcely any sulphur or phosphorus. And in several places in Europe peat - gas is used for heating, and in glass-melting furnaces.

22,000 REVOLUTIONS A MINUTE

One of the large makers has discovered a demand for a miniature air. drill, says the Export implement Age, the size of which is no larger than a man's hand--sin. across. This midget, which weighs. 211 b., and which is modelled after the design of the larger tools, is extremely powerful, relatively, being capable of drilling up to 3-16ths of an inch steel. Its chief value is for drilling holes that have to be done accurately in pieces not otherwise readily accessible. The motor .speed is extremely high, being 22,000 revolutions per minute, while the spindle speed is more than 2,000 revolutions per minute.

PECULIARITIES OF THE INSANE EYE. The traits of the insane eye are described by Dr. E. C. Spitzka, one of the world's most famous specialists in nervous diseases. These traits, he tells us, are: (1) Permanent drooping- of one Or both upper eyelids; (2) pale, bloodless condition and unnatural colour in the whites' of the eyes; (3) pupils differing in size., one from the other, and taking irregular shapes from day to day, the form seldom following a true circle; (4) the pupils, which, in normal persons grow smaller in the presence of light, in the paretic (referring to a kind of paralytic in- sanity) eye do not respond together, one contracting more than the other, and failing in what is scientifically described as "co- ordination."

===== 0002601_19070511_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
HALLEY'S COMET,

The astronomers are bestirring themselves in preparation for the return of one of the most famous of all comets, that which bears the name of Halley. It is the greatest comet known to have been seen at more than one return, its average gtsi,l'od being about seventy-five years. It was last seen in 1835, and will, according to the most recent calcu- lations, be visible again early in 1910. The object of the astronomers at present is to predict the moment of its perihelion passage with the utmost possible accuracy. Doctor Holetschek, of Vienna, thinks it will -be visible with telescopes as early as January, 1910, and that by March everybody may see it with the naked eye. Later in the year it is likely to make a startling display, several hours before sunrise, in the northern quarter of the sky.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
" MONTEZUMA'S WELL."

Among the. many Natural curiosities of Arizona, but one that is. not often visited by ordinary tourists, is the singular bowl- shaped depression in .Y.avapai, ~County called `,` Blontezuma's Well." It is nearly circular, and between 5001 t. and .600 ft. in diameter at the brim. It lies in the midst of a nearly level area. he sides are vertical to a depth of 30ft. or 40ft. Below that they merge into a sloping talus, which extends down to a 'circular pool of water, alleged by popular tradition, as are so many other not very

deep areas of water, to be ' bottomless. This remarkable :formation has usually been de- scribed. as a "pit crater" of volcanic origin. But Professor. William P. -Blake believes it to be the result cf the falling of the roof of a cavern, formed in the limestone strata by running water. The water of the pool, he says, flows out through a subterranean channel into the valley of Beaver Creek.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEADLY ELECTRIC WIRE.

The danger ,incurred in touching an elec- tric circuit, writes a German scientist, Herr Herman' Zipp, does not depend wholly on the, voltap or elcetfic 'tension. Two-thou- sand-volt circuits have been touched\ with ,impunity, and contact with incandescent- light circuits of only 120 volts has caused instant death.

The physiological effects of electricity are due partly to electrolysis, or decomposition of the blood and other fluids, and partly to paralysis of, vital organs. Both actions are proportional to the strength of the current that actually passes through the body, and this current strength is equal to .the voltage of the circuit touched divided by the electric resistance of the body. .The. average resist- tance measured between a 'band and the feet, when the hand is moist and tile shoes are . soaked with _ watQr, is, about 5,000 ohms. A current of 1-20th of an. ampere-1-10th of the current used in an incandescent, lamp— may cause death. Hence, the question is, Under what conditions will

CONTACT WITH AN ELECTRIC WIRE

send such a current through the body/

If the right hand touches one wire and the left hand simultaneously tenches the other wire of a 110-volt incandescent lighting cir- cuit, the body, assuming its resistance to be r94oQ„,obru,, he traversed by a caveat oS

itain,ntitv ampere, or Jane more than 1-50 t of an ampere, which is within . the limit of safety. But if the hands are dry the:resist- ance -mea-sured - from hand to hand is fully 10,000 ohms, so both wires .of even a 220-volt circuit_ such as is used in some in- candescent lighting systems, can be touched

that

WITHOUT DANGER, OF SIIRIOUS INJURY

In certain factories, however, where the air is damp, warm, and laden with acid vapours, the skin becomes softened, and the resist- ance so greatly diminished that it is not safe to touch both wires of even . a 100-volt circuit.

The writees left hand once came so neer the terminals' of a 1,000-volt transformer that it drew luminous electric arcs from them. The current, having so small a re- sistance less than 2in-. of the 'hand to

overcome, was very strong, but it caused no injury except local bums, because it did not traverse a vital part. In instructive con- trast to this ease is the experience of the in- ventor of an electric bath tub containing metal plates that ,could be connected with a 220-volt lighting circuit. The inventor tested the dilice on himself, and

WAS INSTANTLY KILLED, because soaking in water had so reduced the resistance of his body that even this low .voltage produced a deadly current. If a man; standing on a trolley rail or even on the ground, touches a broken trolley \vire. carrying .the usual pressure of about 500 volts, a current of 1-10th of an ampere will ,pass through his body, if its resistance is 5,000 -ohms, and will probably cause death. In this case the ground or the rail represents the second or return wire. It is much

LESS DANGEROUS TO TOUCH A SINGLE WIRE of a double-wire circuit, well insulated from the ground, for in order to reach the other wire the current that traverses the body must flow through or over some of the in- sulators, that is to say, through a very great resistance, so that,. the current is very weak. But in a very long line the :um of these little leakage currents through Many in- sulators may be too great tor a Littman °Gay to carry with safety. , Hence, the danger is proportional to the length of the line. Simultaneous Contact with both wires of a high-voltage circuit is, of course, fatal.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

West Lancashire League.

FIRST DIVISION.

WARRINGTON V. PRESCoT.—Warrington played their first match of the season at Arpley on Saturday, Prescot being the visitors. Score :

PRESCOT. WARRINGTON. J. P. Preston bH. Callon 2 J. Callon c& b Holden 12 Sharp .13 Turton b Cress- W Richardson b Holden 15 well P. P. Mercer bH. Callon 5 Holden G A Prescott b Cresswell 3 W. V. Turton b Holden 4 J. Evans c& b Cresswell 0 J. W. Bibby b Sharp 36 H. Stott lbw bH. Callon .1 Cresswell c Stott b E. F. Reichardt b H Prescot 63

Gallon G. H. Lyon b H. Callon 2 H. Callon c Mercer b

T. SeddOn,b Cresswell ... 0 Sharp 0 W.L.Holden b Cresswell 3 H. Dolan b Seddon J. Stockley not out W. Bennett not out ... 1 Eutras

Total 59 Total 192 YOWLING ANALHSIS. PRESCOT. WARRINGTON. 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. Cresswell 13.5 6 19 5 Sharp .........25 10 43 2 H. Callon l3 1 35 5 J. Stockle ... 9 523 0 W. L. Holden 18 4 75 4 G A Prescott 6.5 3 10 5 J. Evans 3 016 0 T. Seddon SECOND DIVISION.

PRESCOT 2ND. V. WARRINGTON 2ND.—At Prescot. SCOTO :

PRESCOT. WARRIRGTON. R.Birdhall b Waywell ... 5 Sergt. Knight c Simn D. Saphton c and b b Featherstone Thewlis 4 S. Baiter o Haigh b J. B. Bresley c and b Jones Waywell . 30 A. Thewlis b Jones ... 16 J. Birchall b Daywell ... 21 T.Houghton b Feather- A. Simn o Baxter b stone

Waywell D. Jones c Turner b stone '

Daywell T. Diokie o Cook b N.Cook b Featherstone 2 Thewlia G. Naylor not out 0 stone J. Featherstone b Way- _J. Adams not out 4

well - 0 D. Bell b Jones 8 D. Berry c Bell b _ H. Turner b Jones .., 2 _... .

Thewlii 3 D. H. Haigh b Waywell 1 Extras

Total 105

Extras l2

Total

Friendly Matches. LEIGH v. EARLESTOWN.—At Leigh. Score : LEIGH. EARLESPOWN. Williams c Valentine b T. Marsh b Gibbard ... 2 Huish 52 J. Crawley b Gibbard 14 J. Caldwell b Huish 2 W. H. Crowther b Gib-

H. Taylord b Alderson... 0 bard H. Hindiliffe run out ... 6 G. Marsh c& b Williams 10 J.McGregor b Alderman 2 F. E. Huish cHinchliffe

E. Wetton b Huish F. Prescott lbw b Bates 2 F. Valentine not out 27 J. Turner not out 5 J H Alderson bWilliams 1 B.E. Scott c Crawley b R. Allan c M'Gregor b Huish H. L. Moulds cT. Marsh H.WarburtonbGibbard 5 b Bates 0 A. Wolfe c& b Gibbard 0 J. Gibbard b Huish Extras

Total B2 Total 96 NEWTON-LE-WlLiAytvS V. ST. HELENS RECREATION.— At Newton-le-Willows on saturday. Score :---

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. ST HELENS RECS. Cooke b Gregory H. Hindley run out Harrison c Norbury b Harper b Cooke Gregory l3 Slocombe b Cooke 7 Cordingley b Shaw Per bhwidry Shaw __. . . _.

- C. Hineley b Gregory ... 20 H-owarth : 4 Howarth o Harper b Burrell c Howarth b Shaw l6 Cooke I Henderson run out C. Porter c and b Shaw 38 Cooke 0 B. Gregory Wright Cooke • Norbury not out 4 Extrar

Total 163

Total 53

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS 2ND V. ST. HELENS RECREA- TION 2ND.—Played at St. Helens on Saturday. Score : NEWTON. ST. HELENS RECS. A. Penclry c & b Starky 18 W. Stark b Saxon H. Lyons c Butler b C. Addison o& b Saxon 17 Proudfoot 7 S. Webster b Saxon... 5 C. Gee b Proudfoot 44 .1. Addison b Penny ... 3 R.Bancks b J.Addison A. H. Thompson at Gray IV. E. Taylor b Saxon... 0 b Starky F. Penny b Proudfoot l3 Penny 0 A. Saxon b Starky 0 W. Gray b Saxon P. Robinson c Webster b A. Butler b Saxon 0 Proudfoot A. E. Peake b Proudfoot 3 A. Worsley not out P. Flint b Starky ... 3

T. Wilkinson not out lO Extras

Extras ..

Total 138

Total

WIDNES WHITE ROSE v. SANKEY WIRE MILLS.— This match was played on the White Rose ground on Saturday. Scores :

SANKEY WIRE MILLS Woodcock c Dean b Sadler J. Hawthorn b Hill

WIDNES WRITE ROSE. (*Hewitt c Jakeman 1 Woodcock 26 20 Wilcox c C. Hawthorn

Brough c Wilcox b b Gleave Sadler Gleave b Hill •lakeman c Sadler b Hill 0 Haney run out 9 Blader run out 1 Harrison b Gleave 1 Hewitt c Sadler b Hi 11... 4 \Dean run out Brooke c Owen b Sadler 5 Owen hit wkt S. Whitfield c Hill b Joynson b Cleave Sadler . 4 H. Barber lbw b Wood. Edgar st H. Barber b cock Hill 0 A. Barber not out C. Hawthorn not out 2

Extras

Extras

, Total 4O

Total

THEFT FROM A REGISTRY OFFICE.

On Tuesday at Prescot, Jane Westhead, married,'of Widnes, was charged with stealing a purse containing five postal orders' of the total value of £3 N., the property of Miss Constance Fogg, registrar, Preecot. On the 4th inst. prisoner went-to the office to register the death of a relative, and dtiring the absence of Miss Fogg from the room took the purse from a stationery cabinet, left the office, and drove back to Widnes. Prisoner was bound over under the First Offenders Act in her own recognisance%

RUNCORN v. PENKETH.—PIayed at Penketh on Satur- day. Score :

RUNCORN. PENKETR. R. Cookson 13 Shoobridge 3 F. Ward by Meggitt... 0 J. Ferguson lbw b Shoo- J. Dunbill b Bosvker... 14 bridge

G. B. Prescott b Ward 10 T.Shoobridge b g43wker A. Sairell b Ward T. P. Baxter b Davies _ . . _ _

H. W. Bowker b Davies 1 b Bowker 3 H. B. Meggitt b Shoo- E. Foster not out bridge A. L. Plant c F. Davies Bowker 1 bH. Davies 1 W. Fowden b Bowker 1 B. J. Roche b Davies 2 F. Hall c Meggitt b P. Meredith b Dhvies 0 Cookson

T. Weston not out 0 J. Davenport b Cook-

Extras

gxtras ,

Total 5O Total 55 WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

ORFORD BARRACKS V. WILDERSPOOL BREWERY.— Played at the Barracks on Saturday, the home team being victorious by 26 runs. Score :—Orford Barracks 97; Wilderspool Brewery, 69. BEWSEY WESLEYANS V. CHESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS. =This match was played at Arpley on Saturday. The end was exciting as the visitors required five runs to win with four wickets to fall and, failing to get them, lost by three runs. J. Duckworth made 16 for the visit- ing team and R. Craddock bowled well for Bewsey Wesleyans. Score :—Bewsey Wesleyans, 30; Cheshire Lines Engineers, 27.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLF.

MERSEY GOLF CLUB.

The second tr onthly competition for a prize presented by the captain was played labt Saturday at Penketh and resulted in a win for Mr. F. Joynson, who thus qualified to stay in the final and received the Club memento. Score :

Gross. Wcap. Nett. F. Joynson F. W. Gilbert T. Miniati 9O ... 10 ... 80 T. H. Ambler G. G. Ainsworth 97 ... 25 ... 82 E. G. Medley 9l ... 8 ... 83 H. Unsworth A. 0. Clay lOl ... 17 ... 84 R. N. Foster

J. VV. Darbyshire 116 ... 25 • ... 91 Orfoad Johnson ... 116 ... 10 ... 97

===== 0002601_19070511_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON DISTRESS COMMITTEE. ---- Government Asked to Confer Greater Powers.

The Warrington Distress Committee met on Monday evening under the presidency of Alderman Tinnion. There were also present :—Lev. W. Bracecamp, Miss Broadbent, Councillors Stott, Dickenson and Barton, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, T. P. Bradsbaw, C. Haley S. Davies, A. T. Hallaway (deputy town clerk), and J. Fargher (inquiry officer.) ELECTIONS.

Mr. Bradshaw was elected a member of the Finance and General Purposes Committee in place of Councillor Steel who ceased to be a member of the Distress Com- mittee on his election to the Council. All the co-optative members were re-elected to their respective sub-committees.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATE OF EXPENDITURE.

At a meeting of the Finance and General Purposes Committee the report of Mr. Ernest W. Hicks' district auditor, was read. It stated that the total receipts during the year ended 31st March, 1606, amounted to £54 18s. 2d., being raised by precept upon the borough. The expenditure confined to salaries and establishment charges amounted to £55 3s. 2d. The estimate of expenditure for the ensuing year, amounting to £2OO, was aproved. The minutes were passed. INCREASED POWERS WANTED. THE QUESTION OF EMIGRATION, Mr. J. D. BUCKTON waited upon the Inquiry and Labour Committee with reference to an application made on behalf of the Soldiers' • and Sailors' Help Society as to the use of the exchange by, soldiers and sailors who have left the service. After hearing his explanation, it was resolved that the application be complied with for a period of twelve menths, and that the Mayor be requested to allow his name to be placed in the Society's handbook as the local " friend." The Mayor notified his willingness to accede to this request. The 'Committee considered the question of aiding emigra- tion, and it was resolved that the Inquiry Officer be instructed to make all necessary inquiries into the cases of applicants desirous of emigrating, and report to a further meeting of this Committee. It was resolved that this Committee desires to call attention to the following facts :—(1) That the number as registered under the Unemployed Workmen's Act, 1905, does not represent the total number of unemployed, the numerous unnecessary and irritating questions attaching to an application for relief prevent many of the most deserving registering ; (2) That Committees are greatly hampered both in providing sufficient per- missible employment for applicants and in obtaining the necessary funds therefor, and urges upon the Government the necessity of immediately introducing a Bill to amend the said Act; that this Committee is further of opinion that the cost of providing employ- ment under the Act should not be dependent upon volun- tary contributions. That a copy of this resolution be sent to the Prime Minister, the President of the Local Government Board, and the Member for the Borough. Mr. HALEY asked if any reply had been received from the Borough member. The DEPUTY TOWN CLERK said a formal acknow- ledgment had been received. The minutes were approved. THE INQUIRY OFFICER..

Mr. HALEY said he believed the period for which the services of Mr. Fargher were continued had almost expired. Would it be in order for the committee to consider the matter now?

The CHAIRMAN said the appointment of Mr. Fargher was for a further term of six months and that would expire in June. There was no doubt that that most importantmatter would be taken in hand by the Inquiry and Labour Committee and the appointment would probably be made for a further term. He thought they were all agreed that the services rendered by Mr. Fargher had been excellent and he had done his duty with great tact and judgment. He did not suppose the committee would hesitate to re-appoint such a capable officer. As the appointment was made by the sub-com- mittee and confirmed by the Distress Committee and as no notice had been given, they could not deal with e mstter now.

SAMUEL PITTS, LONDON ROAD, MANCHESTER

As A SAFE. PERMANENteuRE, AND WARRANTED FoR Scrofula, beurvy. ttczetna. B.d Leg.. ^kin end Blood Diseases, Pimples end t4rres of all kind,, yr> co!) with coufi. dence ri commend Clerko's Wcrld-tanu-d blood Mixture. it Is certaiuly the lint tit Wood Purifier that science and medical skill have brought to lisht." rt‘owatids 'r Tsttmonia!'. Sold everywh,-re s. 9.1. per tolle, Beare of worthli es imitations and substitutfs.—Advt

CLAIIKE'S B 41 PILLS are war? ac.tf.d to co, ell Lir sex, all acquired for constitutiot t., oisct,rges itt t),. Urinary Organs, Gravel and PaIDE iii the heck. reeP from Mercury. hstublished upwards of a, years. In hazes 4s. 6c each, of all chemists and Patent MfOcine Vendors throokh• on tb,. world, or sent for sixty starolr by the roakerse Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Comr.any, Linooln.- Advt. To MoTazus.—Mrs. t itcsimaa's t,otblug Syrup bit been used for over fifty years by mlilion. .t mothers for their children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natuarl quiet sleep, by relieving the child from unit and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button • sr all Obemutele. lid, per bottle.—Advt.

Can be had at much BELOW usual cost at our GREAT SPRING CLEARANCE SALE, now being held for the sole purpose of turning .into money our Enormous Stock of FURNITURE AND FLOOR COVERINGS of all kind. This is a chance seldom met with, so you will do WELL to avail yourself of it and NOT• delay until too late.

Pr!ee fls. per Bottle. of all Chemists.

IV. EnwAans & Son, 157, Queen Victoria St.,London, Eng,

• 7

(FLANNELETTE.

If purchasers of this useful material for underwear all the year round would buy the best English make, which can be obtained from all leading Drapers, they would avoid the RISKS they undoubtedly run with the inferior qualities of Flannelette.

HORROCKSIES' FLANNELETTES.

made by the manufacturers of the celebrated Longcloths, Twills and Sheetings,

A.RE TI-IE BEST.

" HORROCKSES 7 I Stamped on selvedgeevery 5 yards.

MERRY WEATHER'S

NIGH-CLASS GARDEN HOSE.

62, LONG ACRE, LONDON.

Largest makers of High-class Hose in the world.

A BROKEN-DOWN SYSTEM. Ibis is a condition (or disease) to which doctors give many names, but which few of them really understand. It is simply weakness—a break-down, as it were, of the vital forces that sustain the system. No matter what may be its causes (for they are almost numberless), its symptoms are much the same; the more prominent being sleeplessness, sense of prostration or weariness, depression of spirits and want of energy for all the ordinary affairs of life. Now, what alone is absolutely essential ht all such cases is increased vitality—vigour— VITAL STRENGTH AND ENERGY' to throw off these morbid feelings, and as night succeeds the day this may be more certainly secured by a course of THE -NEW FRENCH REMEDY, • THERAPION No. 3, than by any other known combination. So surely as it is taken in accordance with the directions accompanying it, will the shattered health be restored, the EXPIRING LAMP OF LIFE LIGHTED UP AFRESH

and a new existence imparted in place f:Tf what had so lately seemed worn-out, used up," and valueless. This wonderful medicament is suitable for all ages, constitu- tions and conditions, in either sex; and it is difficult to imagine a case of disease or derangement, whose main features sze those of debility, that will not be speedily and permanently benefited by this never-failing recuper- ative essence, which is destined to cast into oblivion everything that had preceded it for this wide-spread and numerous class of human ailments. Price 2s. 9d. (particulars penny stamp) post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co., Haverstock Road, Hampstead, London, and of principal chemists. Word " TFIERAPION " appears on Government Stamp (in white letters on a red ground), affixed to every package by order of His Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, and Without which it is a forgery.

THE GOOD OLD REMEDY.

_ -

===== 0002601_19070511_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
,to.4t ';4l • b Ttt sti: 3 , As! to 411% k". 73- 292 os,

AND RifEliii7,4l7o PILLS.

Outward remedies are of little use. You can NoTbe cured by magic or by a bath. BLAIR'S PILLS have proved themselves for mahy years the best cure for Gout, Rheumatism and Lumbago.

TRY THEM

AlChemists and Stores, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. per box

RING UP i'ELEPHONE NO. 3551?.

PRINTING.

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

PRIX TERS. BOOKBINDERS. LITUOGRAPHERS.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

pvolcEs, Ruled or Plain, printed to any me or pattern. on blue, white, or fancy paper.

IiDDRESS or VISITING CARD- Printed from plate or type.

OIRCLAII6 in the neatest style, from modern type, and of the best workmanship.

PROGRAMIVIES for Entertainments, Concerts ac.. In the latest artistic style.

PECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION 0 WORKS. SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIP7 lON BOOBS Pxinted, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order. RANDBILL(.';. in large or small quantities, cheap and endive.

HIMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of bong, Festivals, &e.

CATALOGUES fur Public lnd Private Libreria Auctioneers and Tradusnien.

LISfS Printed on card or paper nitre trated, it required.

JOHN WALKER & CO. CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SHEETS

===== 0002601_19070511_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTICES OF MEETINGS POSTERS

POST CARDS CRICKET FIXTURES.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
RAFFLE TICKETS

ENVELOPES

DRAWING TICKETS

EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTING

AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHEDULES 'AND CATALOGUES. CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES,,, INVOICES, PRICE LISTS, CIRCULARS, PAMPHLETS, TIME BOOKS, MILL WORK, CATALOGUES, CLUB RULES, PROGRAMMES, BALANCE SHEETS,

EXECUTED AT SHORT NOTICES.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS.

Attention is invited to our Nis,/ FOUNTS OF TYPE

and WOOD LETTER for Large rosters.

FOU ALL KINDS OF BRAT POSTHRS EXTRA LALIGB SIZH,

40 x 60 One Sheet.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS

IN THE DISTRICT.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING

ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

JOHN W LKER, AND eo

"EXAMINER" OFFICE. BEwszy STREET, 'WARRINGTON:

~ ,

L

===== 0002601_19070511_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

Coming Events. As announced in our advertisement columns, anniversary services will be held at St* John's, Winwick-street, to-morrow (Sunday), when the preacher will ' be the Rev. A. de Vlieger, Litt. D., of Chorlton-cum-Hardy. At the present time, when cordial relations are being established between the British and Dutch peoples in the Transvaal, it may be of interest to state that Dr. de Vlieger is by birth a native of Holland, and was first engaged in ministerial work in connection with a Dutch foreign mission. He las, however, lived and laboured in many lands. He xecived his degree of Literarum Doctor from the University of Lausanne, Switzerland, and was ordained a Presbyterian minister at Cairo. Since 1904 he has been pastor of the Presbyterian Church at Chorlton- cum-Hardy, and a popular and respected member of the Manchester Presbytery. The annual sale of work in connection with St. Barnabas' Ohurch will be held in the Conservative Club Assembly Room, Sankey-street, on Wednesday' and Thursday next and will be opened on the respee- tive days by Mrs. J. D. Buckton and Miss White. The proceeds will be in aid of the Church Extension Fund. ,A meeting in support of the Women's Suffrage movement will be held in Toft's 'Assembly Rooms on 'Tuesday afternoon. Addresses will be delivered by Mrs. Alan Bright ond Miss Lucy Broadbent, M.A. Manchester. The Infirmary and Dispensary. The Hon. Treasurer begs to acknowledge, with thanks, the gift by Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., of the sum of £l4 6s. 6d., being proceeds of sale of tickets for fishing in the Walton Reservoir.

The Nursing Association. The Workingmen's Committee of the District Nursing Association wishes to acknowledge the receipt of £25 from the Whiteeross Works Charity Fund Committee.

Eisteddfod Success. At the Tyldesley Eisteddfod, Master Charles Edersley, pupil of Mr. Charles Hy. Dawson of 59, Sank-ey-street, was succesful in gaining a first prize for pianoforte playing. Education Committee. The monthly meeting of the Warrington Education Committee will he held at the Town Hall on Monday evening. Mr. C. B. Aylward has resigned the head- mastership of the School of Art and a successor is to be advertised for at a salary of £225 per anuum, with certain emoluments. The maximum salary is fixed at £3OO a year.

Licensing Transfers. .At the Borough Police Court on Monday, Mr. F. G. Taylor (Messrs. ienry Greenall and Company) applied for the transfer of the licence of the British Tar, Winwick-road, to Arthur Moffat, step-son of the late landlady, Mrs. Ann Moffatt. No objection was offered, and the application was granted. The off-licence at .38, Pinners-brow, was transferred from John Peake to Charles Hall, and temporary authority was granted Peter Lawless to sell at the Borough Arms in lieu of Enoch A. Hollinaworth ex-police sergeant. , Dr. Barnado's Homes.

An unusually attractive entertainment was provided in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, last evening, by a contingent of boys from Dr. Barnado's homes. these participants in the beneficent operations of this philanthopic institution proved themselves very capable musicians and entertainers and their efforts were warmly applauded. The Mayor presided over a large attendance and during an interval an address on the works of Dr. Barnado's Homes was delivered by Mr. F. E. Rainer, lime-light illustrations adding consider- ably to the lecture. A special word of praise is due to Mrs. C. Jackson Holmes upon Whom the local arrangements have largely devolved. BLOUSES, a grand selection from is. 11Ad.— BANKS, Outfitter, Horsemarket st.—Advt.

Teachers' Visit to Warrington Works. On Saturday the members of the Warrington • Certificated Class Teachers' Association paid a visit to Whitecross Works. On arrival the party, which numbered about 60, was met by the heads of the various departments by whom they were conducted round the establishment, interesting and lucid explana- tions being given of the different operations in the manufacture of wire, wire netting, nails, ez.e. The visit was not prompted by idle curiosity but was one of a series to the manufactories of the town inaugurated with a view to obtaining practical information which cannot be found in text books, and which is of the greatest value in giving lessons on local industries to scholars attending the Warrington elementary schools. The object is commendable and on every hand the employers have welcomed the teachers' visits. Women's Liberal Federation. The annual Council meetings of the Women's Liberal Federation are to be held on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday next week in the Memorial Hall, London. Among other basiness resolutions will he moved in favour of Women's Suffrage, the appointment of women on local governing bodies, temperance (licensing reform, local veto, and Sunday closing), the reformation of the House of Lords, Old- age Pensions, and a host of other democratic and progressive measures. The representatives of the Warrington Women's Liberal Association who will attend the Federation meetings are Mrs. Osborne (hon. secretary), Mrs. P. Maginn, Mrs. Lindley, Mrs. I Simpson, Mrs. C. E. Parker, and Mrs. P. C. Garnett. PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST Roars IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. -Federation of Free Church Councils. The Chester, Crewe, and District Federation of Free Church Councils paid a visit to Runcorn on Thursday. There was a good attendance of delegates. In the morning, at Bethesda Church, Dr. J. Rendell Harris. president of the National Council, delivered a Biblical lecture. Afterwards the Right Hon. Sir J. T. Brunner, Bart, M.P., entertained the delegates at ; luncheon. In the afternoon a conference was held in ' .St. Parrs Morning Chapel, and the Rev. T. B. Field, of Crewe, the Federation secretary, read a paper on "How to Help our Federation to be of Greater 'Service to the Councils." A sermon was then delivered by the Rev. J. Dodd Jackson, of Crewe. In the evening a public meeting was held in St. Paul's I Wesleyan Church. Mr. W. Handley, President of the local Council, occupied the chair, and the principal speakers were Dr. Harris and Dr. Hodgson, C.C„ of Crewe.

X iss Lancashire Limited. " Miss Lancashire Limited " still continues to find great favour with the theatre-going public, and there is little doubt that the splendid success which attended its last production in Warrington will be reneated next week when the play will be presented for six nights in the Parr Hall. Miss Florence Baines, the talented lady who, it may rightly be said, created the part of the Lancashire Lass again heads the list of artistes and Warrington people will not miss the opportunity of again seeing her, especially as in the immediate future she will embark upon a lengthy visit to Australia and America. The play is a refresh- ing and highly humorous parody of Lancashire "foak " and in its production Miss Baines is supported by Miss Pattie Groves, Miss Kitty Jones, Miss Muriel Johnston, Messrs. 11.0. Hicks, S. Leslie, W. Hicks, Hal Menzies, David Donaldson and Burt Burton all of whom have been previously, and with great success, included in the caste. Particulars as to prices of admission &c., NV ill be found in our advertising

columns. 0" HERALD "KITCHEN RANGES &" Peveril" Fir rates are unequalled. Inspection invited. Large stock of Wood Chimney Pieces. etc.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-st., Warrington.—Advt. Death of Mrs. Wyllie. " Much sympathy will be felt for Mr. Robert 'Wyllie BewseV-street, Warrington, in the loss which he 1 has sustained lw the death, which occurred on Friday, I of his wife. The deceased lady had been in failing , health for some time hut her end was quite unexpected and came as a shock to her many friends. The ! funeral took place at the Cemetery on Monday and was conducted by the Rev. John Yonge. The chief i mourners were Messrs. Robert Wyllie, W. Wyllie (Hull), John Wyllie (Glasgow), James Wylie (Blundellsands), John Robertson (Liverpool), James Cargill (Liverpool), Andrew Cargill Wyllie (Halifax), John Cargill (Kirkcaldy), Andrew Dall and John Dall (Liverpool). Amongst those also present at the grave, side were, the Mayor, Mr. James Kenworthy and Messrs. Ziba Armitage, J. Podmore, W, Beswick, A. Cornev, George Wallington, Edward Wallington, C. Eccles and P. T. Winskill (fellow deacons with Mr. Wvllie of Wycliffe Church 1. Many beautiful floral tributes vere placed on the grave,

Hague Conference At the meeting of the Workingmen's Mission Christian Endeavour Society held last week, the following resolutions were unanimously adopted "That this meeting heartily congratulates his Majesty's Government upon its determination to bring the question of arresting the increase of armaments before the Hague Conference, and earnestly desires that the British representatives at the Conference may obtain (1) Universal obligatory arbitration for all secondary questions which do not involve National interests • (2) A Peace Budget by which one pound will be devoted to peace propaganda and International hospitality for every £l,OOO spent on the Army and Navy ; (2) The boycotting of any Power that resorts to hostilities without first trying to avert war by calling in special mediators as recom- mended by Article 8 of the Hague Convention." It was also resolved "That copies of the foregoing resolutions be signed by the Chairman on behalf of this meeting, and forwarded to Sir Henry Campbell- Bannerman, Sir Edward Grey, the Marquis of Lans- downe, Mr. Arthur J. Balfour- and the Borough Member (Mr. A. H. Crosaeld,

TAILoR-MA.DE CYCLE BEcF,ECITES from Gs. lid.— BAXKS, Outfitter, Horsemarket st.—Advt.

Conservative Club Bowling Green. The howling green attached to the Conservative Club was opened on Saturday afternoon. In the evening the prizes were distributed to the successful competitors by Mr. John Wells, the chairman of the Bowling Green Committee, who said it was a source of gratification and pride to the committee and to him- self to be able to state that they had a green second to none in Warrington, and, for the matter of that, in Lancashire. (Hear, hear, and laughter). Their thanks were due to their worthy manager for the admirable care he had taken of the green. Mr. Wells then dis- tributed the prizes as follows :-1, T. Horrabin, umbrella ; 2, W. Millington, cheese ; 3, T. Cooper, box of cigars: 4, H. Grimshaw, knife; i Mr. Wells was thanked for distributing the prizes, ' on the motion of Alderman Francomb seconded by Mr.

'l'. Horrobin.—On the motion of Councillor Wilson,

seconded by Mr. E. Pickavance, a vote of thanks was passed to the donors of prizes:—Mr. Wells, in reply,

s-aid he hoped the green would be a means of keeping

them all united, so—that when the day of reckoning came in the form of a general Parliamentary election, they would be prepared to show their opponents that they had had their innings. (Laughter, and applause.) He urged them all to keep themselves in good fettle for the battle. (Applause.) Wear BANK'S Ladies and Gent's Gloves.—Advt. The Taxation of Land Values. The second excursion of the Warrington Branch of the E.L.T.L.V. took place on Saturday last to Flaltm Castle. A fair number of members attended. After the performance of a few chapters of the "Dream of the future " Mr. Bagot of St. Annes-on-the-Sea, one of the oldest and staunchest single taxers, addressed the audience in a fiery speech pointing out that until we had the single tax, every invention, every improvement, all the rates and taxes on labour and industries would find their way into the pockets of the land- lord, and we ought to do therefore all in our power to abolish all rates and taxes and replace them by a single tax on land values, the same that we are paying to-day in land-rent to the landlord. That would ' increase trade and industry, banish unemployment,. raise wages to their true limit, bring all land to proper use and spread prosperity and happinness over the world.He explained that it is not to Parliament we

have to look for help ; the battle has to,be fought in every town, here in Warrington. His _speech was

given -with such a warmth and such a force as we have never heard before, and we can only regret that Mr. Bagot is not oftener coming to preach the new

... . crusade: against an old mighty evil

A house to

house distbution of literatui:e airoughout the village will have helped in spreading the light.lt was resolved by the members to have the next excursion on Saturday June Ist to Frodsham Hill leaving Bank Quay by the the 3.19 p.m. train. CIiLLITLAR SHIRTS from 2/6—BANKs,Outfitter.-Advt.

Vandeville Entertainment at Parr Hall. An excellent Vandeville entertainment is again this week provided by Mr. H. E. Barnes in the Parr Hall, and throughout the performances have been witnessed

by large— audiences. All round the programme submitted is a good one and contains no weak spots. The outstanding item is perhaps the musical melange by the Albano Troupe and selections from Zampa rendered on a concertina by a member of the quartette are particularly well given. " The tree of truth" a farcical sketch by Harry Braham and Co., provides no little amusement, whilst Miss Rose Elliott is a distinct success in songs which appeal to the public taste. Wal Robbins as a female impersonator provides a unique turn and displays unusual ability. Hat balancing feats of a difficult character are performed by Friscaii who is in the front rank of artistes who are exponents of this parti- cular art, and the Katos provide an attractive turn. Bernard and Weston with their patter and songs create considerable laughter, whilst Mooney and Holbein, the grotesque dancer and singer,in a Vaudeville inter- mezzo are much to the fore. The adventures of a runaway motor car and of a traveller who spen3s the night at a haunted hotel are depicted by the cine- matograph which has become an indespensable item in variety entertainments. The musical accompani- ments and instrumental selections, are provided by a capable orchestra under the direction of Mr.W.A.Guest, R.A.M. The first performance on L hursday was witnessed by the members of the victorious War- rington Football team. The performances will be repeated this evening at 7 and 9 o'clock. Institute of Journalists. A special general meeting of the members of the Liverpool District of the Institute of Journalists was held at the Warrington Town Hall on Saturday afternoon to consider the reform scheme, affecting the organization of the Institute. Mr. F. Fennelly (Runcorn) presided over a representative attendance. After considerable discussion the meeting adopted a number of recommendations, the most important being That an Executive Council should take the place of Council and executive, the new body not to exceed 1 twenty in number, and to be elected by direct general postal ballot by districts or groups of districts. That the districts have complete financial control in their own areas, with power to invite members able to do so to contribute larger amounts than the current sub- , scription, and the authority to remit or pay subscrip- tions for members in temporarily embarassed cir- cumstances, and to remove members from the roll, subject to appeal to the Executive Council. That the • following resolution now before the Special Committee be approved : —" That while the Conference gladly; welcomes any scheme for the institute,it would recom- mend to the Council the consideration of the desira- bility of the taking of actuarial advice, and send- jug to each district for its consideration a sliding scale tables, showing the subscriptions whieh would be necessary to provide each member with sick and out- , of-work benefits, as well as securing to him the present advantages of the institute; such table to be based on any increased cost that will be incurred for office and organizing expenses." That, subject to the approval of the Council, districts be empowered to come to arrangements with Universites for the con_ erring of degrees in Journalism or of diplomas for fuch knowledge as may be useful to the profession. As vote of thanks was passed to the Mayor (Alderman Smethurst) for the use of the meeting room.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE WHITE CITY" IN THE MAKING.

The transformation which the old Botanical Gardena at Old Trafford is undergoing strikes the -visitor privi- leged to witness it as in the nature of an incident from "The Arabian Nights." "The White City" which, in the course of the next ten days, will have com- pletely replaced the various Herbarium on the site, will be a dream of attractiveness,and will give to Manchester a centre of interest in a suburb which has long awaited the corning of something of the kind. At the present moment some 900 men are employed night and day in the erection of the various buildings, the installation of the electric plant, the Hiram-Maxium flying-machine, the tremendous water-chute with its lake and the numerous rivulets which intersect the entire grounds for the passage of gondolas and other pleasure boats. Of the extent of the work being done— work which commenced only so recently as the 25th February last—some idea may be gained when it is stated that up to Tuesday last there have been used some 15 tons of white enamel paint, 270 tons of white plaster and about 300,000 cubic feet of timber, while the electric installation accounts for 40,000 lamps of varying candlepower, and about 20 tons of copper in one electric main around the gardens. The enterprise is, we understand, essentially an English one, the whole scheme being carried out under the managing director- ship of Mr. J. C. Brown. As wilt be seen from an advertisement on our first page, ten hours of amusements are offered in a round of attractions to be thrown open to the public on Whit- Monday. A long list of novelties is announced, and though the typical Britisher proverbially works hard at his play it will be difficult for him to exhaust the resources of the" White City."lt will not be surnrising if Whit-Monday at "White City'' ma de a record in the matter of numbers who pass the turnstiles at a single place of amusement.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, May 11, 1907, WARRINGTON RUGBY FOOTBALL CLUB.

MAY DAY AT ST. HELENS. The St. Helens May-Day horse show and prosession , was held onSaturday, when there was a large number of turnouts and horses lining the streets near the Town ; Hall and competing for the four challenge cups and RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. the £5O in prizes which the committee were offering. MONDAY. Councillor F. J. Brown (chairman of the Committee) Before Mr. G. L. Dewhurst (in the chair) and Mr. T. D. and Mr. J. Cottam (hon. secretary) were in charge of Timmins. the arrangements, which included the procession round BEGGING.-Henry Cooke, a well-known local the town. The weather proved favourable, and the character, was charged with begging in High-street on carters for the Corporation and the various large works Saturday night. Sergeant O'Hara said he saw the turned their horses and conveyances out in the most prisoner stop a lady and speak to her. She gave him perfect condition possible. The procession was led by something. Witness ascertained that prisoner had been ' the new section of mounted police, all equipped and begging, and gave as his excuse that he wanted money mounted in very smart style. The members of the Cor- for his night's lodging. He subsequently found that he poration took considerable interest in the parade, and had at the time paid for his lodgings. lie was almost Mr. Ellerington, Chief Constable, superintended drunk when arrested.-He was sent to gaol for a month. the arrangements and also the turnout of the A DISORDERLY SAILOR.-Robert Hind, a sailor, was fire brigade which was exceedingly creditably charged with having been drunk and disorderly in High- Thu judges were Messrs. W. G. Dixon, R. F. Watson, street at half-past eleven on Saturday night. -Sergeant W. Murray, J. Pemberton, J. Birchall, J. W. Appleton Frost said he was on duty in High-street close to the 'T. C. Birch, T. Baker, J. Littler, J. C. Lowe, J. Middle- end of Vicar-street, and heard the prisoner shouting hurst, J. Swales, J. Sumner, G. H. Dean, J. Leather, J. and kicking at the door of a lodging-house. He was Mercer, T. Howard, W. Fairclough, H. Hodgkinson, and drunk.-Prisoner, who denied that he was drunk, was , T Smith. Awards :- fined ss. and costs. I Corporation.-Light Horses : 1, T. Molyneux ;2, A HAWKER'S OFFENCE.-John Salt, greengrocer and ,S. Biniblett • 3, A. Mercer. Heavy: 1, T. Houghton; , hawker, was charged with having left his horse and cart 1, J. Henshall ; 3, J. Brown, 4, J. Manchester. unattended in Bridge-street for a quarter of an hour on ' Railway Companies.-Doubles : 1 and 1, London and April 27th. He pleaded not guilty.-P.C. Hulse and North-Western : (J. Howard and J. Grundy). Singles: Inspector Dean proved the case. They said defendant 1, 2 and 3, London and North-Western (R. Orr, W. i was in a public-house.-Defendant said he was in the Birch, and T. Fyldes). public-house only five minutes. He had one drink with Brewers.-1, 2 and 3, Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and a man who had done business with him. He admitted Co. (J. Rigby, W. Norcross, and J. Eden). Singles: 1 that since the summons had been issued he had been 2, and 3, Messrs. Greenall (J. Ashcroft, W. Hayes, and cautioned for a similar offence. A fine of 105. and W. Rigby). 11s. 6d. costs was imposed. Defendant: I shall not Glass, Chemical, and Metal Trades.-Doubles: 1 and pay it.-The Chairman: Twenty-one days. Defend- 2, Messrs, Pilkington (W. Duffy). Singles : 1 and 2 ant : I will do 21 days for a change. I have not done Messrs. Pilkington (J. Moore and G. Critchley) ; 3 any yet. United Alkali Company (J. Lyon). V, THEFT OF FLOI,VERS.-William Thomas (16), Coal Merchants.-1, T. Ball; 2, P. Hilton (J. Hankey); Leinster-street, was summoned for having stolen certain 3, Ferney and Penketh (J. Fenney.). growing plants from a garden in Leinster Gardens, on Builders, &c.---1, J. Ellison (J. Atherton) ;2, J. and April 27th.-P.C. Wynne said there had been several T. Gleave (J. Bromilow) ; 3, J. B. Johnson (C. Tiewitt). complaints of the stealing of flowers and plants from Carters and Carriers.-1, T. Ball ; 2 and 3, R. Heaton these gardens. At three on the morning of the 27th ult. and Son (W. France and J. Bannister). he concealed himself in one of the gardens and at i Farmers.-1, G. Moss; 2, David Gamble (E. twenty minutes to six he saw the defendant enter the Millington). garden of No. 32 house and take several flowers-lilies ' Corn Dealers and Salesmen.-Doubles: 1, Co-opera- of the valley. The Chairman said they would take a tive Society (J. Ball); 2, J. Garth, Prescot (A. Dennett); lenient view as it was his first offence. He would be ,3, Joseph Appleton (W. Westhead). Singles: 1, W. fined 2s. 6d. and 10s. 6d. costs. Owen (A. Owen) ; 2, J. Burrows, Prescot (J. Finney) ; Doc WITHOUT CoLL A.R.-Peter Cowap was fined ss. s, Joseph Appleton (F. Singleton).l on the evidence of P.(..). Waring for having allowed his Mineral Water Manufacturers, &c.-1 and 2,T. Edmon- dog to ho at large without a collar on April 29th. son (J. Wilson and E. Kay.) MR. HENRY VIVIAN, M.P. AT WIDNES. Car Proprietors.-Singles: 1, T. A. Birchall (J. , A Liberal demonstration was held in the Drill Hall, Garner) ; 2 W. Murray (James Hunter). Doubles : 1 and 2, W. G. Dixon (T. Laurie and T. Wareing); 3, T. A. Widnes, on Saturday evening, Mr. James B Aitken pre- siding over a large attendance. Mr. H. H. Vivian, M.P. Birchen (T. Stubbs). for Birkenhead, moved a resolution expressing continued Grocers, Butchers, &c.-1, Critchley and Smith (J. G Case) ; 2, Forster (W. Fox); 3, W. Hall (G. Horton); 4, confidence in the Government, and pledging the meeting Norbury and Son (T. Swift). to the hearty support of the overnment in its coming struggle with the House of Lords. Reviewing the work Ironmongers, &c.-1, Co-operative Society (J. Twist); of the session, the speaker referred to the Trades Dis- 2, Turley and Sons (J. Hodgetts) ; 3, Lyon and Warbur- pute Act. He attached much importance to that Act ton (J. Brown); 4, Griffin, Limited (T. Billinge). because he believed it was to the interests not only of Dairymen.-1, T. Shield and Son; 2, W. Fairclough ; the workpeople, but of the employers themselves, and 3, H. J. Fenney ; 4, J. Turner. of the nation as a whole. To cause the great body of Private Turnouts.-1, W. Forster; 2, T. Milne. the unskilled workpeople to believe that the law Best Decorated.-1, United Alkali Company (J.Lyon); was being used to deprive them of the free- 2, J. E. Anderton (J. Cave). Shire horse medals were won by the London and dom and opportunity to bargain on something North-Western (J. Howard and J. Grundy) and St. like even terms with their employers, would Helens Corporation (J. Manchester.) be against the interests of the State, and the employers J. Moore won the Pilkington Cup outright, having of the country. The Act gave back to the people the power which they possessed until a few years ago, of won it last year. Messrs. Critchley and Smith (J.Case) voluntary organisation, and he believed the trade won the Argon Cup. ; ' unions would exercise a righteous use of their rights. Open Class.-1 and Newspaper Cup, W. Forster special prize, J. Phythian. The Workmen's Compensation Act was of vital import-

mace, inasmuch as it brought 6,000,000 people under the provisions of the Act who had previously been ex- cluded. (Hear, hear.) The difference in principle between the Act of the present Governmenf and that . of the previous Government was that the aim of the former had been to make the provisions as compre- NEWTON URBAN COUNCIL. hensive as possible, while in the other it was to create The usual monthly meeting of the Council was held a number of privileged trades, and he rejoiced that the lat the Earlestown Town Hall on Monday, Mr. T. Liberal administration had been so courageous as to Ormand occupying the chair. There were also present : bring the seaman under the benefits of the Act. The —Messrs. Thompson, Smith, Harwood, Tunstall. Seton, Merchant Shipping Act was a useful piece of social Ritchie, Dr. Patterson, Clarke, Naylor, Bent, -Borron, legislation which brought foreign-owned steamers . Cole (clerk), Bowes (surveyor), and Surtees (water coming to English ports under the same regulations ' engineer.) as English vessels. The Crown Lands Bill would i . The Chairman stated that Mr. Thompson was not go a long way to secure that the rural popu- ' present at the annual meeting when he was elected vice- lation who wished to win a livelihood from , chairman, so he had now much pleasure in asking him the land should have the opportunity of so 'to accept the office for another year, with the best doing. He hoped that this session they would have wishes of the members and thanks for past services. their Valuation Bill. To ascertain the monopoly value (Applause.) of the land of the kingdom apart from the improve- Mr. Thompson, in briefly returning thanks, observed meats was essential if they were to capture for the that his work had been very light in the past, thanks to community the value which the community created. their energetic chairman. (Hear, hear.) None of the measures of the Government PROPOSED TECHNICAL SCHOOL.—APPLICATION TO would compare in courage with the boldness of conferring BORROW £ll,OOO. upon the Transvaal'at the earliest opportunity, the right The Chairman proposed and it was unanimously to govern themselves. (Applause.) South Africa for decided "That application be made to the Local Govern- fifteen years had been an armed camp, but now the whole ment Board for their sanction to the borrowing of a scene was changed like a dream, and the Government sum of £ll,OOO for the purpose of erecting a new might remove the whole of the troops from South Technical School in the district (the plans of which Africa, and have no fear that the peace would be broken. I have been approved by the Lancashire County Council Mistrust had been exchanged for confidence and respect, !as the Education Authority, and by the Board of and the result emphasised the difference between : Education), the County Council having undertaken to Liberal philosophy and Tory philosophy in building up guarantee any deficiency in the amount to be raised by the Empire. They had changed the attitude of the the local penny rate to meet the annual charge for Dutch to this country, and they would soon have the interest on and repayment of the loan on condition United States of South Africa working in harmony with that to the extent to which it is required the proceeds the Mother Country in building up one of those indepen. of such penny rate are applied towards the payment of dent nations which constituted the Empire. (Applause.) the interest on and repayment of the money to be Mr. J. G. Taggart seconded, and, alluding to the borrowed." Transvaal Constitution, said the people of this country LORD NEWTON AND THE HOUSE OF LORDS. were beginning to appreciate what Irishmen had been In the House of Lords on Monday, Lord Newton, trying to impress upon them for many years, that the moving the second reading of the House of Lords bayonet was the least effectual means of getting a man (Reform) Bill said \ the criticisms levelled at the House to love them. (Laughter.) Now and again the lof Lords might be classified under these headings : Nationalists, to which party he belonged, might in some (1) Undue numbers and scanty attendance; things offer somewhat slightly from the Liberals. But I (2) Absence of representatives of important classes ; that was not to be made the excuse of dragging Irish- I who were Radicals into the To ca Thr (3). Excessive predominance of one political party. - , - - ---

men who had no place with the party of privilege, and could not stand on the same platform and associate their campaign with that of cant and humbug. He appealed to them, as democrats, to give to Irishmen the freedom they had given the Boers. (Applause.) —Mr. Max IVluspratt supported, and referred to the criticism of the Member for the division on the Govern- ment's proposals for Army reform. He said Mr. Haldane had taken the Army in hand on sound commercial and scientific lines. He had set himself the problem of find- ing and ramoving its weak points, and strengthening what remained. Beyond that of Mr. Arnold-Forster, who had a counter scheme which did not come off, there had been no real criticism of the scheme. If Colonel Walker saw the ruin of the Army pending, he should be in his place to make his criticism of Mr. Haldane across the floor of the House of Commons, and not do Jo in the back room of the local Conservative club. (Hear, henr.)—The resolution was carried unanimously.

Tne'bill made an attempt to deal with the difficulty Of excessive size by a process of selection, caused by a modification of the hereditary principle. The sugges- tion was that writs were to be issued only to peers who under the bill were termed qualified. The qualification entitling an hereditary peer to a writ of summons was the holding at any time of one of the high offices in the State specified in the schedule. The unqualified peers would elect one-fourth of their number at the beginn- ing of each Parliament, on the same principle as that which prevailed in regard to Scottish peers. That principle of delegation appeared to him to meet the difficulty of selection, and also of unfit and absentee peers. The house consisted, roughly, of 600 peers, of whom eighty-two ; had never taken the oath. Last session the largest number in attendance on any one day was 312, and the Private Bill Committee work was performed by less I than 100 peers. There was a large balance of what he I might term redundant peers, who might disappear without any great harm being done— (laughter)—and who never would be missed as regarded the division lists. (Laughter.) The position of the reluctant peer who was averse to political life, was ' one of the most remarkable in the world, because while monarchs might abdicate and directors of public com- panies could be forced to retire if they did not attend , to their duties, the rule with peers was once a peer ' always a peer. No doubt an immense amount of rubbish ; was talked on Radical platforms about the privileged , classes, but nobody could dispute the fact of the exist- • ence of the privilege of being born with aright to legis- late ; and if persons born with this right did not choose ' to exercise it, he did not see that they had cause of , complaint if the privilege was taken from them. I Answering the objection that the principle of delegation ; would make the House more Tory than ever, he said he I felt it was impossible to turn the house into a Liberal ' assembly. He believed that if 400 or 500 tradesmen or stockbrokers were put into the phces of the present peers, they would in the long run arrive at very much the same decisions as the existing cuamber. If 400 or 500 gentlemen from the Government side of the present House of Commons were transplanted to the House of Lords, they would witntss an extraordinary change in their opinions. (Laughter.) The task of keeping Liberalism alive in that chamber was difficult enough. (Laughter.) Even sturdy democrats introduced there showed signs of wear and tear and deterioration very soon. (Laughter.) Still, the bill showed the utmost solicitude for the Liberal party, because he calculated that under the bill the number of Liberal peers would be increased from seventy at present to at least 150. He estimated roughly that the num- ber of qualified peers would be 230, and the repre- sentative peers would be between 90 and 100. On the principle of equality he invited the spiritual peers to make some some sacrifice in members and he only hoped that the right rev. Prelate, who always appeared to represent the permanent Opposition, would find a seat in a reconstituted assembly. (Laughter). The late Lord Salisbury suggested there should be categorical peers, but the-real difficulty and objection to that proposal was that if once a oateaory of various classes was laid down, they would be laced with the difficulty of the groat unrepresented. They heard, for instance, that Nonconformists should be represented in the house, but there were something like 250 denominations in this country, and if they selected from one denomination why should net the Salvation Army claim representation ? If they opened it to repre- sentatives of the arts and sciences and the drama, why not to those vocations represented by the " mudded oaf and the flannelled fool ?" It would be far more practical to leave the decision of who were to be life peers to the Government of the day. The responsibility should rest with the Government, and be would never have any' fear that they would appoint ' improper persons. As to Clause 7, which enabled peers who were not returned as representative to stand for the House of Commons,overyone had seen the injustice under which unrepresentative Scotch peers were placed. , They were a sort of political derelicts, classed with paupers, lunatics, and criminals a position which was • eminently unfair and unjust. He was hardly prepared ,to deal with the amendment put down in the name of the Government in a serious spirit,because it amounted to a barefaced refusal to deal with the question, although they had asserted for many years that it ought •to be dealt with as soon as possible. He had carefully abstained from touching upon the differences which unfortunately prevailed between the two houses,becanse he regarded them as a separate question, and there was . no reason whatever why it should be treated in a party spirit. (Cheers.)

===== 0002601_19070511_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

SHOCKING GLASSWORKS ACCIDENT.

William Brown, aged fifty-five, of York-street, St. Helens, met with a terrible accident on Monday at Messrs. Pilkington's sheet-glass works. Brown was working among the machinery when his right arm was caught, and he was whirled off his feet. Hir arm was so badly shattered that Dr. Siddall and his colle4gue found it necessary to amputate the limb before the unfortu- nate man could be removed to hospital.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIMITIVE METHODIST SYNOD.

1 The delegates and friends attending the Liverpool District Synod of the Primitive Methodist Connexion at St. Helens had a very busy week-end. On Saturday an open-air meeting near the Market-place was followed , by a public meeting in the Westfield-street Chapel, Mr. W. Charnock, of Accrington, presiding. The Rev. W. Spedding, of Birkenhead, delivered an interesting lecture on" The Christian Endeavour at its Best." This was the age, he said, of dying enthusiosm. The opinion ,of men were always changing. Old enthusiasms were • always dying and new ones were taking their place. Of late years there had sprung up splendid new institutions There was the P,S.A. movement adult Bible classes,ancl the Christion Brotherhood Union, and also the great Christian Endeavour movement. The Christian , Endeavour is a great world-wide movement which seeks to accomplish three things—Spiritual culture in young people. and Christian brotherhood among young ; people. The Christian Endeavour was esssea- ; tially a young people's spiritual movement.— God had given to every man a greit commission. He had given into every man's keeping his manhood, and to every, woman her womanhood, which was an even greater 'commission than the keeping of the firmaments. Christian Endeavour did not create men of self-centred piety and weakly sentimentalists, but men of strength and virility. It created a spirit of social regeneration and philanthrophy in its young people, and made them • true citizens who will some day take their places in the • religious and public life of the nation.—The Rev. J. Watkin.of Liverpool, gave a witty and eloquent address on the "Temperance Question Up-to-date." He said the temperance reformers of to-day had to fight a great and ancient prejudice—that it wa impossible for a man to be healthy, wealthy, and wise without recourse to alcoholic stimulants. This prejudice ' was entrenched in all departments of life, and even in the Christian Church itself. The race of life was to the strong and virile, and England could not hope to hold her own among the peoples of the world if her people were anemic and weak. A few doctors had just I issued a manifesto in favour of taking alcohol as a tonic ! or medicine, but in opposition to those few there were 15,000 doctors who say that the use of alcohol inter- fered, with the power of the intellect and the use of the hands. It was idle to say that the use of alcohol was bar the good of the country's trade. No country could call itself wealthy when the majority of its citizens ' were on the verge of starvation. The Rev. J. Gillender, •of Chorley, also gave a telling address on the Sunday school of to-day. On Sunday no less than ten meetings and services were held. At 9.30 an open-air service was held in Victoria-square, addressed by the Rev F. W. Brett, of Preston. In the afternoon the centenary camp meeting was held at Denton's Green. The Rev. J. Gillender and Mr. J. Kendall were the conductors, nd there were a large number of speakers.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
PAST SEASON REVIEWED.

Once again the annual review of the work of the I Warrington Rugby Football Club is to be opened with the expression of pardonable pride in their striking success in the Northern Union Cup Competition. The triumph is still fresh in the minds of Warrington enthusiasts, and so much has been written and said about it, that it is unnecessary here to add more than that the splendid victory over Oldham has proved the team to be the strongest in the Union, and one which can worthily uphold the past and best traditions of the club. Floreat Wirepallers ! The opening of the season 1900-7 was regarded with no little trepidation in many quarters, and there were many who were pessimistically inclined to the view that the future of the handling code was hanging in the balance. Years of unpopular rules coupled with the awkward efforts of the responsible Committee to effect a reformation had resulted in the game, from the point of view of the spectators, degenerating into an uninteresting exhibition con- sisting of a monotonous succession of scrummages and a depressing style of play in which tall kicking and sheer strength took precedence of more open and attractive tactics. Money makes the mare to go, and the constant cry raised by the Clubs of decreasing revenue awakened the Northern Union Committee to a sense of their responsibilities and they,l so to speak,adopted a kill or cure attitude. New and drastic regulations were introduced and at the elose of the season it can safely be said that the cure has been effected and with few exceptions a gratifying re-awakening of interest is to be reported in Northern Union Rugby circles. The re-habilitation of the game in popular favour is not yet, however, complete and further modification of the laws is necessary and will doubtless be forthcoming. This should be directed principally against the sytem of placing the clubs in the League table. As was urged last year, followers ;of the game prefer the old system of points to the mathematical puzzle presented by the present reckon- ing of percentages. Moreover the old practice prel eluded the possibility of teams playing 24 matches and I winning 17, taking precedence over clubs which defeat 23 out of 34 opponents as in the case of Keighley and ;Wigan this season. A suggestion has been made for the remodelling of the League, and has met with general favour. It is that Clubs shall meet all teams in the ; County in which they are situated and in addition shall play at least four matches with clubs from other ' shires. At the close of the season the four clubs ' which occupy the leading positions, will,as during this Iseason, meet to decide which shall be the champions. , The idea has much to commend it,not the least being the prevention of clubs selecting a list of light fixtures and occupying a position to which they are not entitled by merit. Warrington opened their season in a remarkable manner and in their first six home matches established the unique record of scoring thirty points or over against each of their opponents. This,however,was too good to last and injuries to players reducing the strength of the team,they fell from their high position , and slowly but surely the prospect of League honours ; became dimmed and finally disappeared altogether. At hardly any period between the opening and close of the season was the full three-quarter line on the effective list and as one player recovered another was placed hors de combat with the , result that the combination suffered and prospective I victories were turned into defeats. Cup-tie experi- ences commenced early and December Ist saw the team at Wigan opposing Broughton Rangers in the ILancashire Cup final. In this match their high and ireasonable hopes of success were dashed to the ground in the first few minutes as Captain Fish met with serious injury and playing a man short they had perforce to bow the knee to their opponents. Fish sustained a broken arm and his absence for some ten Iweeks proved a great handicap to the team. Incident- ally it emphasised the need of Warrington's securing a really speedy threequarter as a reserve man. An lemergency man who can come within a second of even time would -prove a valuable asset to the club and, iin fact, is indispensable. The forwards also after I Christmas began to show some signs of the hard work I they had undergone and the Committee would be -wise to secure two or three men fit for first-class corn- ipany in order to strengthen a reserve front rank which is at present inexperienced. Preston's falling off was, in particular, most marked and the burly Swintonian ,in the concluding stages had to be dropped I altogether. In the opening rounds of the Northern I Union Cup Competition Warrington, with a somewhat I weakened team, were fortunate in being drawn at , home, the advantage so gained compensating for the I absence of prominent backs. Batley were the first to I receive the quietus, and Warrington avenged past defeats by running up a score of 34 points to 9. Hull and Huddersfield also succumbed and on April 13th Swinton were vanquished in the semi-final by 21 points to nil. With all the players fit—with the exception of Jenkins—the strenuous preparations for the final were rewarded by the lifting of the Cup. The Warrington team has fulfilled 31 League engagements, won 21, lost 12, and drawn one, scoring 551 points against 304. The teams who defeated Warrington were Broughton Rangers, Salford,Flunslet, Wigan, Leeds, Swinton, Runcorn, Huddersfield, Oldham and Halifax, the last two clubs being the only ones to win both home and away matches. Warring- ton's highest score was 52 points to nil run up against Liverpool, and their heaviest defeat was sustained at Halifax where they retired vanquished by a margin of 35 points. Hull have the best reason to remember Warrington's prowess as they have been defeated three times during the season, one occasion being in the Cup Competition. Widnes, St. Helens, Leigh, Huddersfield, Rochdale, Swinton, Liverpool and Bradford have been defeated twice either in League fixtures or cup-ties whilst Broughton Rangers, Salford, Barrow, Wigan, Oldham, Hunslet, Leeds and Runcorn have each been made to acknowledge Warrington's superiority on one occasion. Turning to the players the season opened with Berry at full back and early on the Warrington lad showed form which placed him in the first rank of custodians. With an eye to eventual- ities the committee also secured the services of Tilley, from Widnes, as a reserve back,and'for a time he was played in the threequarter line. Here he was not a success and the members were questioning the wisdom of the committee when his opportunity came. Berry was injured and was replaced by Tilley and from the first the ex-Widnesian justified his selection and proved his sterling worth. Fish particularly in the latter part of the season, has hardly played up to his reputation. In fact many of his admirers have mournfully muttered "Thy glory has departed from thee." Lack of training was largely to blame and with the exception of a few spasmodic flashes he showed none of his former brilliancy. At the very close of the season he, however, made amends and his sensational try in the Cup-final atoned for previous shortcomings and re-iistated him as the idol of the team. It is some twelve years since Isherwood first joined Warrington's ranks but the passing of time leaves no mark upon him and to-day he is play- ing with as much dash as of old and has lost none of his cleverness and resource. As with the rest of the backs the season has not dealt kindly with him and injuries of a more or less serious nature have from time to time kept him from the field of play, but in spite of his injuries he has played remarkably well and is still one of the mainstays of the team. War- rington is well served by Widnes lads and Taylor at right centre has contributed in no small measure to the success of the team. He has hardly the individual brilliance of Dickenson but of the two has shown the isetter combination. He and his wing have had that understanding which leads to tries. Brooks' play has been characterised with the old determination and solid work, and as a try getter he has the honour of heading the list. For the greater part of the season the team has been served at half by Lees and Jenkins and as a pair it would be difficult to improve upon them. Jenkins, who comes from Wales, in particular, has covered himself with glory and is regarded as the finest "catch " ever made by the Committee since Fish's advent. Hocken- hall has been as erratic as ever. Could he maintain consistent form he would be one of the best halves in the Union, but unfortunately he does not always come off. Great praise is however due to him for his display in the cup ties. A pleasing feature of the season has been the form of the forwards, who throughout have done well; and adapted themselves to the altered conditions of the game. Considering the amount of work they are now called upon to do, " staleness " has not been unduly marked, and with one or two.good reserves there is no need to be apprehensive of the future.

Below are the results of the matches played: For Agst. Sep. 1. Leigh „ 8. Hull. home 33 7 „ 15. St. Helens away 19 10 „ 22. Widnes „ 29. Broughton R. Oct. 6. Salford „ 13. Leigh Cup Tie „ 20. Huddersfield home 50 3 „ 27. Barrow Cup Tie , 31. Salford Nov. 3. Wigan home 12 5 „ 10. Rochdale „ 17. Oldham Cup Tie „ 24. Hunslet , 26. Swinton home 29 0 Dec. 1. Broughtonß.Lancashire Cup ' Final at Wigan 6 15 ~ 8. Wigan away 2 20 „ 10. Liverpool City away 40 7 ~ 15. Hunslet home 16 10 ~ 22. Leeds 25. Leigh home 15 8 ~ 29. Bradford away 15 11 Jan. 1. Runcorn home 14 9

„ 5. St. Helens home 20 3 , 12. Hnll „ 14. Oldham ~ 16. Oldham 18. Liyernool City ' home 52 0 „ 19. Bradford home fl 5 Feb. 21. Widnes Mar. 2. Brolighton Rangers home 12 5 „ 9. Swinton 11. Halifax ~ 16. Batley Cm) Tie home 34 9 23. Hull Chip tie 25 Rnncorn „ 29. Halifax „ 30. Huddersfield Cup tie away 15 9 Apr. 1. Leeds ~ 2. Huddersfield „ 13. Swinton Cup tie at Wigan 21 0 „ 20. Rochdale home 27 0 „ 27. Oldham N.U. Cup Final at 17 3 Broughton

The completed Lenne table is : For Agst.

Per-

P. W. L. a G. T. P. T. P. centneo. rialifax 74 27 5 2 125133 649 41 50 220 82.35 Oldham l4 26 7 1 50 99 457 40 49 227 77111 Runcorn lO 23 7 0 75132 546 36 48 216 7666 Keighley 24 'l7 6 1 70 97 431 39 51 231 72.91 Wigan , 34 23 10 1 100152 656 52 58 278 69.11 Lueda '3O 10 9 2 74 92 424 50 67 301 66.66 l'lnnalet 39 21 11 0 89114 520 66 74 354 65.62 Warrington -84 21 12 1 70138 534 56 64 304 6313 Broughton _3O 17 12 1 77114 496 35 55 235 58.33 Salford 19 18 14 0 75104 462 71 69 349 5625 Barrow 96 13 12 1 42 83 313 55 32 356 5P92 Wi dnAa 90 9 10 1 46 43 221 46 76 320 47.50 K.R 32 15 17 0 60 90 390 63 fin 366 4697 Lei eh 25 12 15 1 42 78 315 58 65 311 44.64 Dewsbury 2B 12 15 1 57 93 393 58 87 377 44.64 Walefild T 2R 12 15 1 48 84 348 56 99 409 44'64 Swinton -3214 18 0 52 68 308 64 84 380 4375 Bradford lO 12 16 2 63 87 387 59 83 867 48.13 And'afipld 32 13 19 0 62115 469 84 103 477 4062 Rochdale 96 9 16 1 35 74 292 45 74 812 36.53 Batley 24 8 15 1 48 44 228 52 74 324 35•41 St. 'galena 26 9 17 11 58 86 374 46 87 153 34*61 linll l2 11 21 0 56 75 337 52 117 515 3417 York 94 5 19 0 35 50 220 74 122 514 20'83 Branlev .....20 119 0 11 21 55 62 114 466 5.00 LivArpl. ClO 030 0 14 16 76 183 344 1398 o•nn

The Pontefract Club having disbanded, their record has bPATI withdrawn from the above table. The Liverpool City v. Bramlev match, November Srd: having been cancelled, the points have been deleted from the above table. The points are reckoned two for a win and one for a draw and places are apportioned fu•cording to the per. centage gained of the possible number of points.

The following is Warrington's record in the Northern Unien League and Lancashire Senior Competition since the foundation of the Unicn. P. W. L. D. P. P. Total 1895-6 42 -. 17 .- 20 ... . 5 ~198 ...240 .. 39 P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. P. 1896-7 26...11...10... 5...12...16...100...17...17...124...27 1897-8 26_10-14 2...13 _34_128_28-42_178 —22 1898-9 26...11...14... 1-18...34-134...31_51...217...23 1899-0 26_12_13_ 1-24...4'2.-174...16...32_128...21 1900-1 26...12 11... 3_25_23_149_18_30_128_27 *l9Ol-2 25...14...12... 0...24...38 ..162...27...3g _150_26 1902-3 34...14...13... 7...23...34...148...28...96...164...15 1903-4 34.-17_14 3-29...52...214...27_23...153...27 1804-5 24 -20_12_ 2_38_48_220_30_30_150_42 1905-6 38...19...16... 3-45-61_273-29-42...181_41 [Pcrcentago 53.94 ptr. 1906-7 34...21...12... 1...70 138...554...56...64...304...43 [Percentage 6323 nts. *Two points deducted for breach of professional ruler.

Below are given the individnal scores recorded by the 'players. Fislt um will he men rtgrtin.l4e the list and considering that he was absent from the team for ten weeks his score is especially creditable. Goals. Tries. Ma. Fish Preston 44 ... 4 .. 100 Brookes Thomas lO ... 10 ... Hockenhall Dickenson Lees Jordan Isherwood Harmer — 8 ... 24 Heath Jenkins — ... 7 ... 21 Taylor Boa rd man — 0 ... 18 Cartwright Tilley Lawlor Naylor Forater Harris Berry 1 ... 1 ... 5 Knight Belton Shugars

In the Sonth-West Lancashire Competition War- rington's position has improved as compared with the previous sea.on and they are only one point behind Runcorn. The doings of the clubs forming the league are : Pts

P. W. L. D. For Art. Pts. rtnneorn 10 ... R ... 2 ... 0 ... 142 ... Si ... 10 W'gton.. 10 ... 7 ... 2 ... 1 ... 137 79 ... Wienn... 10 ... 7 ... 3 ... 0 ... ISR ... S 9 _. 11 Leizh ... 10 ... 3 ... ... 1 ... 114 ... 115 ... 7 Widnes.. 10 ... ... 7 ... 0 ... SO ... 214 ... S.Helens 10 ... 2 ... 8 ... 0 ... 64 ... 149 ... 4

In the Lancashire Combination_ Warrington hive somewhat fallen from their high estate, in that aftAr having twice in succession held the championship they have to he content with second place. The League table is : LANCASHIRE RUGBY COMBINATION.

For. For. Comp. P. W. D. L. G. T. P. G. T. P.Pts. Wigan l6. 13. 2 .1..56. 88. 278_12-16 72...28 'Warrington 16... 8...4.. 4...24...54...210...17...20... 91...20 Oldham 16 8 Beghton R 16... 6...4 ...6...23...30...138...13...31...128...16 Pemberton 16... 5...4..:7...20...32...138...23...43...175 ..14 HochdaleH.lB .. ..7...15...17... Runcorn 4...5...7...13..,19... 83-22...34-146_13 WiganlT'fi'dl6... R...5...9... 9...25 Salford 16. 2..6...5... 8...2L.. 79...21...53...201...10

The individual records of the " A" teamers are: Goals. Tries. Pts. Forster l3 ... 15 ... 71 Itnight Landor — ... 14 ... 42 Cartwright Jordan Jones — 9 ... 27 gav Jolley Davies Hewitt — 5 ... 15 Dickenson P. Boardman Harris Swift Lunt Fairhurst Lloyd Bradshaw Shu gars Lambert Newell Morley Taylor Jenkins

===== 0002601_19070511_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

EATLESTOWN AND NEWTON

Child Drowned In a Moat.

Mr. F. A. Jones, deputy coroner, held an inquest at the Chapel House Inn. Great Sankey, on Tuesday, touching the death,of William Richard Roberts, aged one year and five months, son of John Arthur Roberts, iron bedstead maker, Old Barrow Hall, Bold. The evidence showed that on Sunday Mr. Roberts and three of his sons were gardening when they missed deceased who had been playing about. On search being made he was found in a moat, one foot deep, which surrounds the house, and the bank of which is very steep. Artificial respiration was applied but unsuccessfully and when Dr. Murray arrived he pro- nounced life extinct.—A verdict of " Accidental death "was returned.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THENEW CHIEF CONSTABLE. WATCH COMMITTEE'S APPOINTMENT.

The Watch Committee of the Warrington Corpora- tion held a special meeting yesterday afternoon for the appointment of Chief Constable of the Borough in succession to the late Mr. Luke Talbot. The Mayor (Alderman Smethurst) presided over a full attendance. The eight, candidates selected to appear before the' committee were :—Superintendent Bestwick, New- castle-on-Tyne; Mr. J. W. A.. Danby, Chief Constable of Hyde; Inspector Dawson, Liverpool; Mr. W. E. Jones, chief officer of the headquarters staff, Brad- ford ; Superintendent P. Monaghan, Warrington: Mr. Martin Nicholls, Chief Constable of Windsor; Mr. J. H. Watson, Chief Constable of Congleton ; Inspector Weatherhogg, Rotherham. After the candidates had been interviewed and their merits carefullY considered, the choice of the committee fell upon Mr. Martin Nicholls, Chief Constable of Windsor, who in the end was unanimously appointed. The commencing salary is £350 per annum. The appointment will be submitted for confirmation at the next meeting of the Town Council and in the meantime it will no doubt came before the General Purposes Committee. It is, expected that Mr. Nicholls will enter upon his duties in a month or five weeks.

Mr. Nicholls is a married man, thirty-six years of age, and is very well built, standing fift. Pinches high. He has had sixteen years thoroughly practical police experience and has held the office of Chief Con- stable al Windsor for upwards of five years. He joined the Reading County Borough Police Force as a constable on February 10th, 1891, and rapidly- passed through the various grades of the service until in September, 1899 he was promoted to inspector and chief clerk. He held the position for two years when on September Ist. 1901, he was appointed Chief Constable of Windsor from a large number of applicants. He has also fulfilled the duties of Inspector of Hackney Carriages, Inspector under the Explosives Acts, and Billet Master at Windsor. Mr. Nicholls possesses the St. John Ambul- ance Association certificate and the Life Saving Society's medal for life saving and resuscitation,and he has also had the honour of being presented with the certificate on vellum of the Royal Humane Society for a rescue from drowning. During his service in Windsor many important functions have taken place and on several occasions large detachments of the Metropolitan Police have been employed under his direction. Mr. Nicholls has been highly complimented upon the police arrangements made when immense crowds have had to be dealt with. There are ten race meetings at Windsor annually and throughout thfr year there are many visitors to the tow*, over 24,000 having viewed the State apart- ments of Windsor Castle during one day, and when his Majesty is in residence notable personages are daily arriving or departing from the Castle. It will thus be seen that Mr. Nicholls has had a wide experience of police work in the Royal borough, and Press notices which he submitted to the Watch Committee bear testimony to the excellence of his arrangements on such memorable occasions as the visit of the King and Queen of Italy, the marriage of Prin- cess Alice of Albany and Prince Alexander of Teck, the visits of the King and Queen of Portugal and the King of Spain, the marriage of Princess Margaret and Prince Gustavus of Sweden, the visits of the King of the Hellenes and the King and Queen of Norway. Mr. Nicholls is also warmly praised for the manner in which he has coped with the traffic at the Royal Ascot races.

Mr. James Brown, Mayor of Windsor, as Chair- man of the Watch Committee, in a testimonial said: Mr. Nicholls is a most efficient and zealous officer, and has given every satisfac- tion here. His removal would certainly be a distinct loss to Windsor, but for his sake we shall be glad to hear of his promotion to the post he now seeks and for which we consider him eminently well qualified in every respect. The whole of the resident justices of the peace for the Borough of New Windsor in a very eulogistic letter described Mr. Nicholls as a highly capable and efficient officer.

• Sir William Shipley. Kt., J.P., Mayor of Windsor, 1902-3, 1903-4, 1904-s, and County Councillor for Berkshire, wrote: We shall be very sorry to lose him for I do not think it would be possible to get a better Chief Constable for this borough. His duties are carried out with great tact and discretion.

•

===== 0002601_19070511_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

WORKS COMPETITION. FIRST ROUND.

Played on Saturday at the Bowling Creen, Bank Quay : FLETCFIER'S NO. 3. WIRE ROPERY. C. Ashton l5 R. Halford J. Houghton - H. Halford R. Whiteley lO J. Looker l5 A. Randles A. Hamblett 5 R Looker P. Clare l5 M. Allen W. Whitfield l3 H Wilson l5 H. Kean 9 G. Clive (capt.) J. Bate M. Ryan B. Regan P. Henderson

Total 147 Total 143 Majority for Wire Ropery, one point. LTOCKTON HEATH FORGE. FIRTH co. F. Sankey ' 0 T. Wilson l5 H. Tieesom (capt.) l5 W. -Butterworth lO T. Miller T. Perrin, jun • 3 R. Appleton l5 T. Fallon C. Daniels W. Fitzgerald 5 T. Clare l5 J. Dudley 5 T. Bolton (capt.) F. Cleaton B. Whitlow C. Jewke R. Brabham Total Majority for the Firth Co., 96 points. '

===== 0002601_19070511_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
LOSS OF THE JEBHII.

The Captain Censured.

The Board of Trade inquiry into the loss of the Elder Dempster steamer Jebba, which went ashore on March 18th on the Devon coast, near Salcombe, was con- cluded on Thursday, when judgment was given. The Court found that the disaster was due to the vessel having overrun her distance, caused by the. failure of Captain Mills, the master, to make proper use of his lead. Had soundings been taken more frequently he would have been warned of his approach to land in time to avoid the calamity. The Court found that the casuality was due to the wrongful act and default of the master alone. His certificate was suspended for three months.

ATLANTIC PASSENGER'S SUICIDE. When the White Star :liner Teutonic arrived at Queenstown from New Ifork on Wednesday it was • reported that off Sandy Hooka passenger named Joseph Briggs. whose occupation and nationality are unknown, jumped overboard and was drowned. - SOUND INVESTMENT 5 Houses, 13 to 21, Villars St. Warrington. 2 s. d. TOTAL RENTS Chief Rent All !Wes

Inttr.st 4 °/o

£26 15 0

PRICE £235.

10 PRE MINT.

Showing 10 per cent. Splendil lot. Grand situation. Good tenants. Sound investment. Put your money in BRICK, AND MORTAR. To treat, APPLY

MR. COWDELL 31, Legh Street, Warrington.

Warrington.—Printed and published by .701 IN WALKER & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road WIDNEs: 32, George-street, ST. HELENs: 3, Mar ket. trekt, EA.RLESToWN; Church-street RllNDogat, MAY 11 t.,1907.

===== 0002601_19070511_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 ---L;....-- - ~.

===== 0002601_19070511_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR ARTIFICIAL TEETH AND THEIR ACCOMPANYING PROCESSES CONSULT W. J. BARNES. 54, LEGH STREET, WARRINGTON.

BOLD STREET W4SLEYAN CHURCH. - TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), MAY 12, 1907. Morning 10.30. Rev. J. MANNING. livening 6.30. Rev. R. J. GAWNR. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

ERA? sEy ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH. wARRINGTON ON SUNDAY mom MAY 12in, 1937. Morning 10 30: Rev. SIDNEY PITT. Evening 6 30: Nev. JOHN UPSON. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

RAPTI ST CHURCH, GOL BORN Fl STREET TO-MORROW SUNDAY) MAY 12TH. PREACHER: MR. THOMAS PROOTRVI. (Liverpool.) MoToriNG 10.45. " Proportional Religion," EVEI4ING 6.30 "The fettering vision." Hymn Books provided. Old friends cordially inv ted. Wednesday neat Service 8.15.

ORPORATION OF` WAttRINGToN IS T—HE t: PUBPARHD to tiII%EIIVI4 LOANS, either at six months notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington. P°PULAR TRIPS to PAR N, Switzerland, Belgium, Scotlan,l, Wales, personally con sueted by FELIX MILLS, 163 n, Lee it., Oldham. Particulars, stamp. PARIS IN WHIT-WEEK, JULY AND AUGUST. Six Days,' ..ed 18s., from any town ; no extras.— Particulars, J. B. WatTrAKKA, Conductor and Interpreter, C.M., Brooklands, Burnley. i%j R. BLEASZ AND SON desire to TFIA.NK All all friends for floral tributes and kind sympathies during their tecent nereavement.

IRA PTIST CHURC H. LATCFIFORD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) MAY 12Th, 1907. JOHN FRA.NOIS MATTHEWS. Morning 10 30; "New Testament ebristlanity." livening 6 : "Murdered by the letter.'' 01TYMITORIits,

ST. JoHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, WINWIOIC STREET. WARRINGTON. ANNIVIPSARY SWRVICE4 TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). MAY 12.rn, 1907. MORNING 10.3(1. EVENING 6.30. PDRA.CHItIi : THE REV. A. DE VLIEGBR, LITT. D. OF rISORLION-CUM-HARDY. SPECIAL HYMNS AND ANTHEMS. COLLECTIONS IN AID OF CHURCH FUNDS. All Oordtally Welcome. Hymn Books Provided.

R. R01:364-IT WYLLIE DESIRES to THANK MB MANY FRIENDS for their Wild expressions of sympathy In his sad bereavement.

BIRKBECK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN, W.C. 2i PER CENT. INTEREST allowel on Deposit Accounts, 2 PER CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Accounts with Cheqtle Book. All General Banking Business Transacted. ALMANACK, wrru FULL PARTICULARS, POST PEEL C. P. RAVENstOROPV, Sir.cmr.7 mar

ST- BARNABA.S' MIRO WARRINGTON. THIR ANNUAL SALE OF WORK WILL BR HELD IN THE ASSEMBLY ROOM, CONSERVATIVE CLUB, S.INKRY STREET, Ii AID or THE OHURcH EXTENSION FUND, ON WEDNESDAY & THURSDAY NEXT. MAY 15 & 16. THE SALE WILL BE OPENED EACH DAY AT 2.70 P.M. ON WEDNESDAY. BY MRS. J. D. BUCKTON. ON THURSDAY, BY MISS WHITE. MUSICAL SELECTIONS BY MISS TURNER'S QUAHTETTFC PARTY. RFFRESHMENTS AT MODERATE PRICES. ADMISSION: Se4son Ticket Sixpence; Wednesday 6 p.m to 10 p.m., and on Thursday 2.30 to 10 p.m. Threepence.

WANTED FOR THE COTTAGE HOMES at Padgate, Warrington, a FRU A.LB TBACHBR. Salary, if certificated £65. if uncertificated £45. No board or residence. For the purposes of the Superannuation Act 2 per cent of the salary will be deducte.i. Apply stating age, experience, with copies of testimoniAls,on or before Monday, IA ay 13th, to Mr. A. Wright, Superintendent. By Ordt.r. J. C. SUTTON, Union Clerk.

CIIESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL—A NUMBER of SCHOLARSHIPS for females are offered to give thorough INSTRUCTION in DAIRY WORE', and are tenable for 14 weeks at the Dairy Institute, Worleston, commencing June 3rd, 1907. Forms of Ajoplication can be obtained from the DIRECTOR of EDUCATION, City Road, Chester, to whom they should be returned not later than May 20th, 1907.

Nmv BRiowroN.--scilooL '['RATS AND PARTIES OA.TERED FOR BY HRMINGWAY, BAKER, VICTORIA ROAD. Rooms and Utensils on Hire; accommodation about 400 °Witte Tower Entrance, Egerton et.. New Brighton.

MKETING will be held in SUPPOET of WOIARN'S SUFFRRAGE at TOPT'S ROOMS, Bridge WARRINLiTON. on TUIftiD4Y. May 14th, 3 p.m. ALAN BRIGHT, of Liverpool, and Miss LUG! VIOADBEINP, M A.. Warden of the Church Hostel, -'l4nehester, will speak. Miss MAASY will take the chair. _Admission Free.

C)OUN t Y I3uttUUill OF WAltitlNGioN. EDUCATION COMMITTER. EXAMINATIONS FOR PREPARATORY PULP! L TEACHERS' SCHOLARSHIPS AND ADMISSION TO THE SECONDARY SCHOOL, 1907. Applications for pormission to sit for there examiflati)lls must be made as soon as possible, and in any case by not later than Monday, May 27th. Age for Preparatory Pupil Teachers' Scholarships —not more than 14 years. Age for Admission to Secondary School—under 13 years. Education Office, J. MOORE MURRAY, MSc., Sankey it., Warrington, Secretary and Director. 24th April, 1907.

INFIRM ARY BA Z AAR AN J FETE, HILL CLIFFE, JUNE 19, 20, 21, 22.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRING tON. ELECTRICITY DE PARTM ENT. The ELECTRICITY and TR AMWAYS COMMITTEE of the County Borough of Warrington are prepared to receive tenders for the following, subject to the sanction of the Local Government Board. 1. ECONOMISER. 2. CAST IRON TANK. 3. EXTENSION TO WATER SOFTENING PLANT. Specifications may be obtained from F. V. L. Mathias, A. 111.1.14.1".. Borough Electrical and Tramways Engineer, Howley, Warrington, on payment of One Guinea for each specific.tiou which amount will be reti rued on receipt of a bona-fide tender. Five shilling:. will bt, charged for extra copies of any specification. Tender addressed to the Chair- man of the Electricity and Tramways Committee Town Hall, Warrington. must be 'wiled with wax and endorsed. "Tender for Economiser" /to., as the case may he. and delivered not In ter than 12 o'clock noon on Tuesday, May 21st, 1907. The lowest or any tender may not necessarily he accepted. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Hall, Warrirurton.

PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. MONDAY NEXT MAY 13TH.' FOR SIX NIGHTS ONLY. RETURN VISIT (PRIOR TO HER AUSTRLLILN AND A M ERICA N TOUR), OF MISS FLORENCE BAINES) (THE GIRL WHO SET LONDON LA.UGHING) Ic Mlt3Sl LA.NCASHIRM, LIMITED, BY :SYDNEY SYDNEY. 141300EING OFFICE now open at B. H. PH ARSON'i Ilsio Warehouse, 'V, Bridge-street. Seats may be booked °I telephone, No. 353 x. I.,C4dinary doors 7 o'clock. Performance to commence 7.30. -.`ules of E;dmission : o,etl.st-a 21 and 14. 6J. ; Front Circle, la. 6d, ; ..8,21, • - • Circle. l•.; Side Circle sd. ; Pit ed. Early doors to 3d. extra, at 6.45. Half-price at 9 o'clock to all krts,

tIOUNTY BOROUGH. OF W ARRINGTON.— I,—) The SAN! rARY WORKS COMMITTER are prepared to receive TENPRRS for the supply Finn delivery at Longford Depot of a 41n. MINTRIFUGAL PUMP with SUCTION and DBLIVRRY The Contractors shall pay all persons employed or engaged by them on the Works the rates of wages recognized in the district and shall observe such hours of labour as are generally accepted as fair in each trade. Further particulars may be obtained from the Manager, Longford Depot, Warrington. Tenders, in securely fastened envelopes, endorsed "Tender for Centrifugal Pump," and addreased " The Chairman, Sanitary Works Committee, Town Kali, Warrington" to be delivered not later than Monday, 20th May, 1977. The lo,sest or any tenler will not neceliari'y be accept.i. Lonford Depot Warrington. R. WILSON. klan.tior. 9thtlay. 1907. J_ IvERPOOL & NORTH WALES R.EGUI AR DAILY SAILINGS at 10.45 a.m. From Princ-'3 Stage (We,ther &a., Permitting). live-y Dar to 16th by "SNOWDON," for LLANDUDNO, BRAUMARIS, and, BANGOR (with Mend i Bridge connection); due back 7.30 p.m. On and after Frlday, 17th. Rxtende3 Service Daily to MRN Al BRIDGB by 'LA MARGURIMR " Rams. SAII,IIIOEI : 3.30 p.m.. Fridays. 17th and 24th May. 215 p in Smturciayr, 18th and 35th May. Isis: ore ANGLESZY TRIPS, Whit SuriAay, 9.15 a.m., Whit Monday at 10 0 A.M. and Whit Tuesday, 9.15 a.m. Wstv MONDAY SAILINGS, 9.30 a.m., Llandudno and Carnarvon ; 10 a it., "St. Tudno, ' Anglesey; and 10-45, "La Marguerite." as above. For Fares. Contract Bates, &c., apply Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Co. T. G. Brew. Sec., 40, Chapel-street, Liverpool. Tel. 6366.

eANADA BY ALLAN LINF.—THE ACME OF OCHAN 00,dPnlIT IS ATTAINED IN THE PAST TURBINE STEAMERS. SHORTEST AND OHEAPEET ROUTE TO ALL PARTS OF CANAD 4. & WESTERN STATES. BPEED, Unsurpassed Accommodation Excellent Cuisine. Details re Work and Wages. ILPRTY. Apply ALLANS, 103, LEADF.NHALL STREET. ane °OMPORT 5, PALL MALL. LONDON; 19, JAMBS LTREBT, LIVERPOOL ; or Local Agents.

LANGLANDb' SAMINGS TO GREENOCK AND (4144,SGCW. tt PRINCESS LOUISE " OR OTHER STRAMER. From LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW (Clarence Dock.) (Berths No. 22-28, North Side) Sat. May 18th 2 p.m. Tues. May 21st 2 p.m. *6.10 p.m. (8 p.m. from Landing stage) Sat. May 25th 2 p.m. *1.15 p.m. Thurs. May 23r1 7 p.m. Thurs. May 30th 2 p.m.*5.25 p.m. Tues. May 28th 8 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Grefmock (Central). Special reduced through tickets trom Warrington, Widnes Arc. Single, Ist Class and Cabin Ils. 61. ; Single, Ard Class and Steerage 6s. Return (valid for two months) Ist Class and Cabin 18s. ; 3rd Class and Cabin. NOTE.—The above fares inclside the railway journey between Greenock and Glasgow (C entral). t.Pecial 14 days Excursion Tickets: Cabin 14e., Steerage Bs. 3d. M. LANGIAND‘, AND SONS, 14, CROSii STREET, MANCHIISTER. 10, RUMFORD PLACE, LIVERPOOL.

TH E W H Il'E CITY, OLD TRAFFORD, MANCHESTER, COMMENCING WHIT-MONDAY. MAY 20. OPEN D&ILY FRoM 1 To 11 P.M. 10 Hours' Continuous Amusement. A HO.zl" OF ATTRACTIONS. thWHIT-viONDAY AND DURING WHIM "ind permissio,, of the Colonel Commandant and Officers), TUB Ftti,L BAND OF 141 H Ui,YaL MARINtIS ‘rortancouth Divinon), under the direction of Lieutenant George Alitler. V.V.O. Mos. Bac.. Cantab. "FIGHTING THE FLAMES." Great Spectacular Creation, by Jarnee Pain and Sons, of Lcrolon. Pyrotechnilts to H.Vi the King. titan estraordtnary realistic Panoramic Reproduction of s "et in Flames, witti tire ant ernofre effects, crumbling buildings, and excititpc rescues. Tim , es Tours of the Wort]. Mliii kture Railway. lir Fount ain. Jungle and Bisley Rifle " 1),5g0n slides. Ranges. Is at,,. Chutes. American Box Ball. 0 "Iftes Air hips. Automatic Arcade. e:Pflve Badoon. Variety of Shows, Exhibits, -144tional 4igilre 8 Gravita- and Novelties. Itiv Lion hid, Musical 'Deists. ers 01 the world. Optical Illusions. in Factory. Spider's Web. 7,4onterl Chamber. all the Latest Riding Devices. o TiE MAGNIFICENT BALL ROOM Pen for Dancing under the direction of T Walton, M•fi• Vitt; WHITH CtlY OR(JHR TEA At N, will also be in constant attendance .Rht the Bal'roorn is Muncinated by 2,000 Electric Light s. Ter,,,HE ROLLER SKATING RINK. square tret of skating surface, Illuminated with at Myriads of Electric Lights. -- provided and instruction given by competent prOfeosort. RESTAURANT, TEA ROOMS, and TEA GARDENS, to, at tistically and comfortably arranged. "OIMONs, DINNERS. TEA.. and IiPFREEHMENTS of the very best qua,ity at popular prices. A GARDEN OF FLOWERS. At 40,000 _gut the Grounds are Brilliantly Illuminated by slectric ights—is PAULY SPEL PAOLI.). and train services, thoroughly and efficiently red. ensure the return of visitors after the closing of

One by Hilton and Hilton, now in use at the Parr Kali. One by Wm. Same., Ltd., now in use at Bold Street School. APPLY ADS WORTH'S, 69. SANKRY-STRERT, WARRINGTON,

ROBERT L9WE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms s No.l, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, NO. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED Plk SALE. New and Steond-band Furniture and other G.. constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture, &a.. warehoused,

SMOKE :317DLOW'S " OLD BOY'S" TOBACC'). COOL AND LASTING. SD. PER OUNCE Is. 7D. PER LB. TIN; 58. PER LB. T. Sup Low & 00.. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS 15, WINWICK ST., it 65, BUTiER.M. kltli ET ST TvEntoNE 414 Y. WARRINGTON.

fir MAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OP PERFECTION. SHEPPIEL MAKE, PFARRANTED, POST FREE 2.5. Bd., 38., 40. len., AND 6s. en J. O. DODD. 10, ST. JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. Made And Ground By English Labour.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. 00VERLETTE I TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURE FROM 316 EACH. HAIR. 3 5/6 T S BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

03TAIN Y OURFROM HMEA IJE NURSE •) OLDEST ESTABLISHED NURSES' INSTITUTION IN THE NORTH OF ICEGLARD. HOPE HOUSE, HOPE 6T., LIVERPOOL. Telephone : 2570 Royal. Telegrams : " Nurses," Liverpool. PRIVATE HOSPITAL FOR GENTLEMEN.

PIERPOINT AND CO., PRIZE MEDAL BAKERY, 125, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. BEST HOUSEHOLD BREAD. SPECIAL VALUE IN FLOUR Is. In. PER DOZ. SELF-RAISING FLOUR. HARD TO BEAT.

-1 • UrEDDEB'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D.. 10D., AND is. BD., EACH /WHOLESALE BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD;, WARRINGTON. ESTABL7SHED 1833. ESTABLISHED 1876. FAMOUS 6R & P 1907 CYCLES., FROM £6 TO £l5/151—. CYCLISTS INSPECT THE 6R &P 9 R. & P. SPEED MODEL. For Highest-class Workmanship, Quality. and Finish, see the .R &p"R &P 1907 M 0.,. CATALOGUES FREE. &P' ROBINSON & PRICE, DEPOT WHITECHAPEL Works &I. 43, PEMBROKE PLACE, `R &F" Garane f LIVERPOOL 2162 Central Telephone Nos. 2682 Ros7al. REPAIRS.—AII makes Renovated, Plated and Enamelled in our famous ' R and P' Finish. Two and Three Speed Gears Fitted.

TO BANDSMEN & OTHERS. NOW IS TEI6 TII4 TO SIIND YOUR REPAIRS TO R. J. WARD & SONS, Do, ST. ANNE ST., LIVERPOOL, MANUFACTURERS OF MILITARY & BRASS BAND INSTRUMENTS, FIFES AND DRUMS, BUGLES, CONCERTINAS, ACCORDEONS, REPAIRS (by experenced workmen`' A SPECIALITY. Moderate charges. Returned quickly. Band stands le. 9d. Estimates free. Don't delay but send on at once to 10, ST. ANNE ST., LIVERPOOL.

GRAMOPIIt )NE. APR I L RECORDS, Battlehint Records, Z onophon es latest Records. Thomas Bdison April Records in stock. Don't miss the HARP SOLO. Braga's Serenade. A musical treat. Every rteeord published in stock at JAKE GR %HAM'S, 76, RENSHAW STREET, AND 271, PARK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Telephones 56X and 431 X Royal. Open Bank Holidays.

fIOUNTY BOROUuti OF w ARRIN(3TON. TO PAINTERS. The Education Committee of the Council of the County Borough of Warrington is prepared to receive Tenders for the PAINTING of various schools. Specifications, and all further information, may be obtained at the office of tne Borough Surveyor, Town Hall, on or after Wednesday next, at which place tenders must be delivered before 12 o'clock, on Wednesday, the sth day of June. 19)7. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accented THOS LONGDII7, Borough Engineer and Surveyor. Borough Engineer And Surveyor's Office. May 10th, 1907.

‘OUNTY BOROUGH ()F .10 PAINTBRS. The Health and Fire lingine Committees of the Council of the Co.,nty Borough ot :Warrington are prepared to receive tenders for PAINTING at the Fever Hospital. Adkin-street, and the Fire Ststion, Heatheide. Specificitions and all fortifier information may be obtained at the office of %he Borough Surveyor. lowa Hall. at which place tenders must be delivered before 12 o'clock on cuesday the 21st day of may, 19 7. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accivtei. THOi. Li iti,4l)lN, Borough Engineer and Surveyor. Borough Engineer and Surveyor's Office. May 10th, 1907.

)OUN EY BOROUU ti OF W ARAIN Gl' ON. N.) TO BUILDERS. The Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee of the Connell of the Dounty Borough of Warrington is prepared to receive tenders fo- the erection of a SHRLT RR in Bank Pat k. Drawing, specification and quaLtßies, and all further information may be obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor. Town Hall, at which place tenders must be delivered before 12 o'clock on Thursday, the 23rd day of May, 1907. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. THOS. LO NGDI Borough Engineer and Surveyor. Borovgh Engin er and Surveyta's Office. May 10tb, 1907.

Hal sE3 COMKETELY FUREEHED FROM £lO

GREAT CENTRAL AILWAY.

TO OBTAIN THE GREATEST BENEFIT FROM YOUR HOLIDAY YOU SHOULI) AAVE A CHANGE OF AIR THIS WHITSUNTIDE. Spend .I.hem in the place which suits you best. Travel. ;n comfort by the Great Central Railway. Express Trains at Excursion Fares FR, 7,/ WARRINGTON & DISTRICT. London, 0, Ird, Stratford.on,Avon and Aylesbury. Bourneriouth, Isle of Wight, Torquay and the Sunny South. FolKestone and Dover for Paris &e. Bath, Bristol, Cardiff and the West Coast. • The Dukeries, eleethorpes and the East Coast. NON-STOP DINING CAR EXPRESS TO EXETER,PLYMOUTH, AND THE CORNISH RIVIERA, CONTINENTZ4L TRIPS.—Turbine Steamers between Grimsby and Rotterdam for Belgium, Germany and The Rhine every Tuesday, Thursday id Saturday. The Steamers are fitted with Stone Lloyd's system of ":atertight Compartments, rendering the ships practically unsinkable. ' Excursion Bookings to cover long and short holidays. Leaving Grimt,by 6-30 p.m. Arriving Rotterdam early next morning Full particular. of the Company's Extensive Excursion Arrangements can be obtained at the Central Station, Messrs. Dean and Dawson's Agencies, or from Mr. T. H. Underwood, Traffic Manager (over Sea) and Western Lines, 43, Castle Street, Liverpool. SAM FAY, General Manager.

For Expeditious IGOODSCAREFULLYREMEM .151 Removals I - 4'-- 1"D vans, Carried out by 4 RAIL J LUNT. 14----------I with the ''lrAggital-111t$ 'r .4 YR I experienced men\:- '% • - least inconvience , 1, ._..-,-, • -4, (2,,,k- at at the , itIINIIK itt- Af . shortest notice, - -...---------------- 'J'2` ~'",;=-•,, -^"--‘ moderate charges, Apply- , JOHN LUNT, Bridge Foot, Warrington.

GEORGIE SyTARICEIt, SEED MERCHANT, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. Leading Lines in VEGETABLE, FLOWER and FARM SEEDS Obtained from best possible Stocks. SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE.

--- NOW SHOWING ALL THE NW CLOrnEnTS ANL) STYLES FOR THE COMING SEASON. ORAIK 36, BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

SPRING eLEANING. DO YOU REQUIRE NEW eARPETS? BLINDS? eURTAINS? PAY A VISIT TO J. M. Greenhalgh & es). Ltd. rußancr.E srriczurr, 12VIIRRINGTOIST.

THE SPOT SITOI3. M ISLA& • 1441 • 40,- X:a. JM INT FURNISHING IRO MONGER, GENERAL H ARDWAREMAN, SMALLW ARE: FANCY GOODS. Garden Tools, Spades, Forks, etc., FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON, POSTAL ORDERS RECEIVE PRO NIPT ATTENTION.

THE • .; r'.. • • 04r s 0,1 I , 1 ‘• ' '

FURNISH AT A SAVING OF WHOLESALE PRICES. 20%

BELkAN,'E PIiONuGHAPtiS. ri RELIANCE 1 /UJUNG HACHINES WHOLRSALR AGRNTS FOR T A. HONOR PHONOGRAPHS. 90,050 RROORDi L a RGRST STOCK. Wholesale Catalogues. CH HAP ksr PRIM. Reif men great Stores Oath or 2.. per week. 29 AND 31, MANCHRSTBR STIIHRT, LIV/IRPOOL. CYCLI‘ AND MOTOR RNGINMIRS. Rstab. 1881 Telephone Central 5822.

&c., .8 •Ilibitir.—Bli.ST PRIOR for parcels forwarded; if not approved Goole Returned, CARR( e.GRP AI ie. Second-hand Dltßs SUITS, MILITARY, Ufa ATRICAL. BAND UNIFORMS. LIVHISIHS, ARMY TRN iS,Sale or Hire GEM'S M'SFIT SUIT:, at THIRD COST PRIOR. LADlbee RVIINI NH DRRSSBS. 00,TIIMRS, BLOUSBS. (MIT'S 1,1711-LlNtin and FROCK 00ATs. PORTMANTRAUS, Ac., 2nd-hand. Very low price.. ARMY tROUSRR3,SI4IUTS.BLIJOHERS,WICLLINGfONS. CARDIGANS, OIL-'KISS, POLIOR OAP ICS, GORMAN'S. 326, A2B, and 340, Deane gate, M4nchester. Established 50 Years. Telephone N. 4138.

DOt Bla,yville BOARDING HOtb.B, Mona Terrbce. & entral. Good sea view. Every convenience. Voarders and non-bo.rders. tApeefal low terms to end of June. Highly recommended.—Applv BOYD.

DOUGLA3.—Dodsworth's Horroing Houso,on Ma Queen's Promenade, facing sea; liberal table. good cooaing pleasant company; terms 5s 6d per day, uo extras.—Po turtlaur particulars apply to WILLIAM W. DODBWORTR, Proprietor ILFRAOOIIII3B.-TH it RICHMOND BOARDING RiTAB- USN N't viNT. Uharmingly situated, overloowing sea, Le. Late dinners. Terms 30s incIusive.—PROPRISTRIISS.

• LAN D NO. ORMKSCLIFFE Boaktin KbTal3- L°. H M 14N7, Proaarnadeirtezreation, Room for Dancing Etc • Billiarcia. Moderate.

A'121.0(3K BATH. —enrad House Restaurant and LTL Boardinit-house ; large or small parties catered for ; write for term.—Proprietor, W. WoLvitaßoa. 03", SCOTLAND —THR COUNTY HO CHL, first-class Hotel, adjoit.ing railway station. pier, and post office commanding a splendid land and sea view. Special cheap tardf has been arranged for the whitsunti,te trAi lays. Bed- room. light and attendance, 136e.tkfa3t and dinner, 6s. per day. rot further partlou ars apply M. GILLEsPIE, Proprietor. WI ,Ddlidllittli.—tlownesp; BIA.ItTLOI'S BO&RD- ING hSTABLIcHMISINT ; minute from lake; 'bus meets all trains ; moderate.—R. Proprietress.

WarDt)bi. WILD' TEMPERANCE 11.0TELF LIMITHD. 34 TO 40 LUDGATS HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUASH. Rom& CoIivORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. OENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

, Sapartmento,furnisbeb flousel, &t

APAHTM h NTS atrongta, mount tins in btautlul Venelav- dale Valley ; turns modeta,e.—Mrs. CHABLEA BLYTH, Hawes, Yoi ks.

A BEHDOVRY.—FURNISHUD HOMO?, May till August Xi ten beds. bathroom (h. and c.); faclng sea and golf. iinks.—FosT/R. Trefeddian. Terrace.

A INBDALSI, SOUTHPORT.—Private APARTMISNTS, lit board if desired ; terms moderate.— ' SEA VERGE," Shore rd.. near C. L. Station and sea.

A NOLKSEY.—FI7IiNISKE C I'AGH. 6 rooms 3 beds; .Cl. free shooting. &fling, st•ashore ; rfto +ern terms ; early reply.—Mre. Hors BETS, it oyal Oak, Malltrath. BOdorgark, Anglesey.

ANGLINSEY —Good psrtridge shooting, 2,0t0 acres ; good Coverts ; rent for shooting anti Roark tinturaished house £2oo.per annua,. —PATERSON & TH,M.A.S Estate Agents, 16, Cook st,. Liverpool.

LAO/OWL—Homely etlraftTlll NUTS. Terms moderate Uood accommodation for cycliate.-2. WoLsimr an., South Shore.

BI,ACKPOOI..—DANIELs, 25, id') AM rd. A efULTMICHTS Is flub person; Es. per bed; borne comforts ; boar,' moderote ; cea vi-w•

DoiluNiSAlutlll4. - Bed-sming room To Let, 65.—T. ANC t,Lo. 6, Gordon Buildings, Parkstone, Bournemouth. BL&CKPOOL—Mre. DeWe. Viestinte House, 23, Vance rd. Near Central Station and acnuetnents ; piano; terms moderate.

DLA (31C rOuL.—brat Mul motor. reasonable APARTM 'INTL with or without board. --Mrs MOrELEY. 98. Albert ret. Near au i places ot amurement au d Bea. Piano. Stamp for reply.

ULACK t'OOL . aPaftr Wti 15. public or privae tPII doors from Promenade. —Mrs. GRATTIDGE, 20, St Chad's rd.. South whore.

BLAOUPOOL.—tiIean homely APARTM 3NTS, ls. each person; bed and attendance; one minute from Central Pier.—klot.T. 38, Foxhall rd. DLACKPOOL.—Comfortatde private and public APART- ") fdIiNTS ; central; near prom., station, and amuse- ments.—Mrs. BADE., bl. Albert rd.

DLACKPOOL —APARTMI3NTS with os without board. LP One minute from Central Station and sea. Terms moderate.—Miss BLEAKLET. 13, Vance rd. -- - BLAOKPOOL.—SITTING and two BRIM 3111.3. one minute from sea; every comfort; use of piano, organ ; bath ; terms moderate.—mrs. KAY. 19, St. Paul's rd., North Shore.

4, • -.... ro' -; .:-I'' 47, _ . . .;.. '9 ,•• ~,' ~: ~, , ~ , ~,,,• 4:. - :' °-• 11,— -: , • , • . .... .4.,it.- , . , - 4 i; '. ~ --''' - ' • il 24... • :•'. •-,0.„, ":,,, , ' , . 1.,. J N..., • = ,7, 4., . df,, i:7-i,, vix44 •: *•-•:..p -1 69 'go a 0 ,R 75 '4° ll' ib. ' ' ': f if," - et:' :11L \N‘CV4-::::--- ".,- -5.- ' - - -44 , i,; : • 4.t. _O, ~.. -•- ...... \\\,,,A\ , • I ea.) eit ......... v .'•.-s\-- 0, ~ :- Ely '' / ! , - •.., Ct,?) 10 1 ' :; )o sissies, • -- i A If • r - ~,,,s7 - ,•• , ' 7 I' .. % 1 ' • ' " ilk ~) it, . ~.,, „.• • . ...; ~,...,„ - i ...i... -...t, .., - , vim t.,- ,• ~-1,- fo ~ , fack, . , 3 • ' '111141,# 1 f. ~ • ...., , -'..:....iiii: ' '''' 1 ' Cirr.7.-". #lllll.loAllt- 111111:0•,`,111,4411.. . e . . t . • , (:\ ~,,, „..A.,, L., '-"- , 4 , 4 , "LORD HENRY HAS DISCUSSED HIS COCOA." (With apologies to BYRON.) 4A Cocoa you can Enjoy. ..

. . . , _......... Poisoned . .. . .. i . .. • • • . .. • .. .. .. .. , ~.... ... . ~..,: . , ~..,.. ~..., ~... 7,,,, . ti?,.. f,' • 4,,,...5...' ". ••,,,j,.,.....,„:.;;'. • ~ , , . . .., . .. . . . . '.. '.. ' ' '' ' • '.. ' '•'• . '-- ::;',6:;..A'-'''.'. • :'-',.-4i.4-,:i,:,',...,,,'":-.;;1:,,e.',.-...,:- ...: .... . -..... ..,..- ...‘-.:,:::,...';',....',,—::.i.':;:"....;',•......:-,... ..., :.- .. :2...2. -: --, ....'

FREE. A dainty sample box will be Fent you if yon cut out this Coupon and send it with Id. stamp to the Zam-Buk CO., Greek 'St.. Leeds. Warrington "Examiner." May 11, 1907.

1 To gently but firmly ask your grocer for "SKIPPER" is the sure way to secure Sardine satisfaction. "SICIPPER"Sardines have a delightful "I want moreish" flavour particularly their own. Each little tin contains about zo of the scale- less and practically boneless, tiny fish. , SixpetKe and your grocer's name and address will bring you a tin post free, if he has not got them. write-ANGUS WATSON & CO. NEWCASTLE-ON-TYRE. Canners—CUß. RIELLAND 8c Co., Stavanger, Norway. 1 , FRISTER&ROSSMANNS , 'CELEBRATED ()mete SEIVINO AMON/NZ$, \ , ,\ •.\",.,N A. Vitt ‘c \\\ ,W \ . \ . . le \ ' • ~ ,\ . ~ ofaEr Celeifir ordhout fit 11. msfne s TAW .41.4kX (VIBRATOR) (44:ii 'CAM ACTION L 3 .7. G. VT (• )

KkLlilL MlLb &c, Manchester.

. • 43, p*, Improved BREED OF SWEDE 6 4 st. L 9 9 ; • . r "The most popular Swede in cultivation." Awarded 311 leading Prizes in 1906, For particulars of this and all other Farva Seeds for present and later sowing see our large illustrated Catalogue, post free on application. SEED EXPERTS & GROWERS, ItVarrington.

WHY SHOULD I GO To RICHMOND JONES St SONS for a Piano BECAUSE 1•0 instrument they will supply you with the best instrument the trade at the lowest price. HERE IS A LINE. Beautiful Walnut or Rosewood PIANOFOR11: ' Artistic marqueterie panel; iron fume, cheel action, full compass, celeste pedal, brass sconce' 10/6 PER MONTH. 21 GUINEAS NET CASH. UNEQUALLED IN THE TRADE. HERE IS ANOTHER LINE. Handsome AMERICAN ORGAN, Bright polisbecla case, bevelled mirror top, music receptacle AI!, knee swell, 5/- per month. S GUINEAS'NET CAS'. NOTHING LIKE IT AT THE PRICE ELSEWHEO. OLD INSTRUMENTS TAKEN IN EXCHANG' Write or better still „call for illustrated catalogue W FREE ON APPLICATION. RICHMOND JONES & SONS, 113( 13 Berry St., LIVERPOOL. ( Top of BOLD ST,)

lktri WI I il. A FREE GIFT' AUCUST BANK HOLIDAY. of ....„--.. Enorincus sacrifices during Bile. 10,000 ),.,-.• e, our Special Bradford Cloths must he wild r , i. ' gardleas of Cost. As an Advertisement we „1„,,' - ' .' 51;1114j.•`iullo.:'11;LtltVATHIllrictii.nAtaltiCtiPiligYrer ^.teriii ' . nfty useful and elegtoit szticlesi. hose he.; 'lt . wa ,i,t,ilti,lai, troAi ,H freel oN.tkoll la. any C 0 addresstiTL 3111;f 0 rs Kr oTt•Li..! ...4. '., Order *and nine penny stamps. The SlO'e, iirie"' y ~ i,. made specially ro your own nteasar„ ,', nients, thus ensuring a perfect Ilt, 1,1 ,4. ~ Black. Navy. Grey, Red or Brown t SI., f \ %,!t• . i rimmed with silk ribie,ift. ass lir c. 7F:., trwstaeiti.t aSntlitgi, lengthrigtif skirt in frolio, -.:4 OYr thrits)rbdaerrgati'L„.lftwn;„.airliev;°:;:trosc.,€;lrii: -7---.1.. ..... liduitarrpaopilvs.tagrioryn. Pr , Pl, TR TC Itif BLAND CLOa4 we,— BR A DFORD. .... 1 1 , 4

, ---- * , LADIES i—aSnUaN, WINDS, ! , CHANGEABLE WEATHER will play havoc with your Sr AND COMPLEXION. ! 64- ( 1 . BEETHAM'S,: . ee' 99 i . ..., . ''^-_,.,/ -. , -7: .., • --- ' ' ~747' .. .1 I. I,,cver, a Sure Safeguard against their ill effects. A little used after WaSilit, will IT.EZP THE SKIM SOFT and SMOOT2-1 • 1 ALL THE ITEJLR. ROUND. iy.. 2:. 6d., of all Chemists an rl Stores. i Dd. 33EETHA1li ollt SON, Cheltenham - • ,-------------.—.--------- ~

>TA FIRE. CVS4 t-4 LIFE. ff A L ROYAL Ri ROYAL , iNsu RACE BUILDINGS, lINSURANCEBUILDINGS, 1, North John Street, \INSURANCE 28, Lombard Street, LIVERPOOL. LONDON. \\COMPANY IMPORTANT F—AI"TENSI!ON OF POWERS The Company is now empowered by special Act of Parliament to undertake all classes of 011 E 1 E S P E StTE N including liability in respect of DOMESTIC SERVANTS, CLERKS AND SHOP ASSISTANTS, k L•-() 0 PERSONAL ACCIDENT, PROPERTY OWNERS' LIABILITY, BURGLARY, LIFT ACCIDENTS, FIDELITY GUARANTEE, &c., &c. TOTAL FUNDS - over £13,500,000. Rates, Proposal Forms and ful6 information can be obtained from any of the Company's Agencies, or from the 1-IE7 OFFICE: 1, North Jolan Street, LIVERPOOL.

Opening of the New Organ. Wednesday evening witnessed an event which had lc'eg been looked forward to with pleasure by the c'eogregation of Emmanuel Church—the opening th • 4„, e new organ. As most of our readers are t-are, the instrument has for many years done good hsrvice in Bold-street Wesleyan Church. Recently cever, the members of that church decided to pur- r, —e a much more powerful organ and hence came the ,l'Partunity for the people of Emmanuel Church to 4eire the old instrument which has been completely g‘serhauled and re-built by Messrs. Rushworth and Twuce, Liverpool. The following is the specification : complete manuals—CC to G-56 notes; pedal er—CCO to E-29 Notes. Swell,organ Teneroon, orien diapason,Bft. ; stop diapason,Bft. ; principal, Cofifteenth, 2ft. ; mixture, II ranks ; hautboy Bft. ; 14,.„-IPean, Bft. Great organ: open diapason, Bft. ; elliZ°Phon, 81t. ; stop diapason, 81t. ; principal, 4ft. ; aes''oella flute. 4ft.; twelfth, 2 2-3 ft. ; fifteenth, 2 2-3 ft; cAquialtra, Hi ranks; cremona, Bft. ; trumpet, Bft. R;CPlers : swell to pedals, great to pedals, .swell to tott. Pedal organ: Open diapason, 16ft. There are the composition pedals to the great organ and two to 4:well organ. The instrument has been enclosed in a Pitchpine case of neat design. The total cost of rork is estimated at £125. Of this sum £75 had Dri: raised by donations and loans by the congregation 411dr to the opening service. The church has recently •4 Zion° considerable improvements and presents rerodoright and cheerful appearance. The new 3 Panelling in polished pitch-pine, which ,b,74 much admired, is the gift of an anonymous donor. )I'.ll' choir stalls have been placed chancel wise and the rziPit now stands in the nave. The Church is fortunate having such an energetic pastor as the Rev. Frank 408h50 who is being. most loyally supported in his • rts, and it is gratifying to know that the congrega- ,, us are rapidly increasing. There was a crowded ittandance at the opening service when a recital was Ailerl by Mr. W. Maynard Rushworth, organist of erton Parish Church, and head of the firm of foss,. era• Rushworth and Scms, who played in Warrington bee' the first time. A short form of service having gone through, tQe Rev. F. VAUGH.A.N delivered an address. He said `about twenty-six years ago a small body of Christian [l;`,'Ce for conscience rake made their spiritual home t place. Much of the interior adornment of the rch had been the devotional handiwork of the opeoiber of the congregation. When tbe church was e then6sd a very small instrument, given by a member of , hurch and made by him, was erected and for the 1 c)j,eof the twenty-six years that organ had led them hacrair devotions and in their services of praise. It the nuttlY sacred memories for them and had served ivoititl Well, but he thought all their friends in the town d admit that one thing which was now desirable the possession of a new organ. nay had thought tlbera:ved about the matter a great deal, but not until thi,'l_,friends at Bold-street Wesleyan Church conceived g t2gea of enriching their noble sanctuary by erecting Lit?g Organ, did it come within the bounds of possi- ehi; The whole of the years of their existence as a Habitual Drunkard Summoned. at,d 'co had been marked not only by internal interest ;self-sacrifice but by loving co-operation and watch- Of At the Police Court, on Monday, Mrs. Naylor, 27, lterest on the part of their Wesleyan friends and Eldon-street, applied for a separation order from her orper denominations. So it came about that when the husband on the ground that he was an habitual Nee Which had served the Wesleyan Church for mans drunkard. She said her husband was continually IN'S Was to 'be disposed of,the Emmanuel congregation coming home drunk and running the children out, and thieerY affectionately considered. The result was breaking all the things he could get hold of. He was 4th the organ had now taken up its ' abode in I drunk four nights last 'week, and three nights after he illciablvourekl Cteurret arnidnatnheyyetarursstteo come. Just before d would .continue its got the summons, while he was also drunk on the sofa th service began he had many years in his hands a copy of when the officer brought the summons.--Superinten- tlorder of service at the peening of the organ at dent Monaghan said this was prisoner's sixth appear- () d. pro street fifty years ago. it was a most interesting ance for drunkenness, assaulting the police, being tesfrattme, the instrument being opened by Mr. W. T. found on enclosed premises, stealing, Bcc. He was a Of One of the greatest organists of the day. Some (-rood workman when Off drink,. but he kept low corn- friends who were present at that opening service I %fly. oraplainant was a respectable woman. The Iviajlow come to‘listen to its voice on the occasion of • Id be a glorious resurrection. hoped wo ev hon , Bench granted a separation order, the wife to have th Were fav-oured buy having the head of the firm i the custody of the children.

~ • • t.7.7fa. Lti iLdrai , `! AAL ‘- 'S,:, aid weak digestion cured by On. CASSELL,S TABLETS PI ' Gained 11 lbs. Esi Weight. Ti n Interesting Letter. /1 Mr. W. C. Shadwell, 17, Woodrow Terrace, vorest-road, Melksham, i Wilts., writes :—"I feel it my duty to write you a testimonial n praise of Dr. Cassell's Tablets. I was exceptionally thin, owing to weakness of the )*. . v digestive system, being unable to assimilate my food. I suffered from weak stomach and constipation. My weight before commencing the treat- 'Ay? ment was just over nine stone; in three weeks there was an increase 'i:, I ,iill ill weight of four pounds, and I could enjoy my food better than for years. , /I', ...,' ,; '. I continued for four months, and can safely say a complete cure has been ,'; /.2,4-,'' „../.:/y,? effected. I now weigh ten stone two pounds, and do not feel the slightest ::•://1 ',7/ Y , trace of indigestion. I gave up the Tablets same time ago and still ." / f",', . • '''' maintain my good health.' ~ Dr. Cassell's Tablets can be taken with as much benefit by stout people Mr. Shadivell. •as thin. Excess of fat is due to defective assimilation. Dr. Cassell's Tablets ensure a perfect, natural and, healthy assimilation, causing superfluous fat to be absorbed and turned into /sound, healthy flesh. Dr. Cassell's Tablets build flash, vitalise the nerves, and invigorate the whole system. They can be taken by young as well as old, and by stout people also without fear of increase of adipose tissue, owing to their extraordinary Power of absorbing fat and converting- it into blood, bone, muscle, and healthy flesh. Dr. -%assell's Tablets cure the most pronounced cases of ....Lack of Flesh St. Vitus' Dance Wasting Diseases Spinal Paralysis Wrecked Nerves Weak Lungs Anaemia Organic Weakness Ll'arnlysis of Nerves Widuey Troubles Indigestion Defective Nourish. / 'lean Weakness Nerve-Pains , Mal.Nullrition Ment in Children and all diseases arising from physical and nerve exhaustion. They are just the Tablet for Jaded, weak, or run-down. constitutions, and are as safe and sure as they are pure and elective. . Get your supply to-day. -Of all chemists, or post free from the Dr. Cassell's Co., Ltd., King- street West, Manchester. Advice free by letter. 1 ' Trial Box, 102. . Regular Size Everywhere, 2/0.

Drvek asseii s • Tablets • THE NEW

GET A BOX FREE. Cut out this coupon and send with your name and address, and two penny stamps for postage, etc., to Dr. Cassell's Co., Ltd., Ring-street W., Manchester, and you will receive a trial bcx free.—Warrington Examiner, May 11th, 1907.

Go for a WHITSON HOLIDAY in , r..-1,,. .4,,• • . ''-.f, •-• eh NORTH WALES. 1 -, g 0 " , 0 .• lA, ~,:, You will be delighted With the Magnificent Coast, Mountain & Valley Scenery. WEEK-END and TEN-DAY TICKETS from WARRINGTON to ' ( Week-end. Ten-Day. 1 WEEK-END AND TEN-DAY TICKETS LLANGOLLEN ... , 1... 4s. 6d. 6s, Od. CORWEN ELLEY DOLG 1,..-., t E-1 Bs. Od. lls. Od. BARMOUTH 1— 0 Bs. Od. us. Od. qr 18, also available for return ABERYSTWYTH j 9s. 6d. 12s. 6d.' ' on May 22nd. CHEAP EXCURSIONS to NORTEIWALES STA CI &NS from WARRINGTON : MAY 18th, 20th, 22nd, 24th and 25th.—HALF-DAY TRIP to Wrexham' ' Ruabon Llangollen and Chirk, Warrington, dep. 11.30 a.m. and 1.40 p.m. MAY 20th, 21st, 22nd, 23rd, 24th and 25th.—To Wrexham, Llangollen, Corwen, Bala and Dolgelley for 2,3, 4,5 or 7 days, Warrington dep. 7.15 a.m., and by any ordinary train. MAY 20th, 23rd, 24th and 25th.—DAY TR:P to Wrexham, Llangollen, Corwen, Bala, Dolgeiley and Barmouth, etc., Warrington, dep. 7.15 a.m. WHITSUN EXCURSIONS TO ALL PARTS. Full details obtainable at the Manchester G.W.R. Station, or from Mr. Paxton, G.W.R. Superintendent. Chester. JAMES C. INGLIS, General Manager.

"Dishes, alike delightful and digestible." —Leigh Hunt. Thinking no doubt of Brown & Poison's "Patent" Corn Flour. With this Corn Flour you can make something nice for every other day— hot Corn Flour puddings with cold fruit—the hot and cold go well to- gether—or all hot—baked or stewed apples, prunes, dried apricots with hot Corn Flour custard. Such fare as this is simple and wholesome, and good for everybody.

HORLICK'S MALTED MILK SUSTAINS, NOURISHES, AND BUILDS UP. REQUIRES NO COOKING. Samples, 31, Farringdon-rd., London,E.C.

WHY WEAR GLASSES? People wear Glasses to make seeing easier and to prevent the eyes from deteriorat- ing. Glasses relieve strain, and thus maintain or improve the earning powers and capacity for enjoyment. Our methods ensure the best possible results in each case. Come to-day for testing—as a precaution. ARCHER & SONS Eyesight Specialists, 739 LORD STREET Estb. 1848. LIVERPOOL

VIV ANT ie D. hteady TEA MEMAN.—AppIy GEORGE ASPIrrA.LL, Barn House .Farm, Haleall Moss, near Ormekirk. WANTED an APPRENTICE to the Painting and Decorating Business.—Apply F. J. DELL,II9, Church et., Warrington.

pODICH HANDS ItIiQUIURD, permanent situation to gooi workers.—W. lioDGlarsoN, LTD Bride it., Warrington.

fIORFBOTIONBELY.—W ANTBD an APPELHNIIOIII to the VI Confectionery business.—Apply B. YEW, 57, Winwick st., Warrington.

TNCOMB TAX GLAllll9.—Accounta prepared for Abate- menta or Exemption by NEWALL, HARROP 8c Elingaiv, 17, Dale at., Liverpo3l.

IDLATB-GLASS INSU /LANG/I.—Representatives required .1 in all dlatrlcts ; liberal terms —Particulars, Mr. S. P. REEVE. 95 Bruce Grove, Tottenham.

A PPRENTICH TO CONFIIOTIONICRY.—Young Lady, to 11. live in; no premium; good home.--SurcLIFFE, The Crescent, St. Annes-on-the•Sea, Lancs.

WfANTßD.—Trustworthy Homeworkers ; Needlework, bour.—Particulars, stamped envelope, TAILOR, 33 Richmond rd.. Romford. •

Wa.NTin:D, Situation as Daily or Resideat GOVERrS to young children. High!y recommended.—Miss BARNISH, Milford Terrace, Parbold, near Southport.

A 11NTS WANTBD to handle a well-known disinernstant ; 11. chjaap and effective: good opening for a man with a connection. —Address. EECRETARY. 4, Huston Buildings, London, N.W.

GARDKNBR.—J. Hardcastle wishes to recommend his second Gardener. Nine years experience inside and out. Age 24. Three years in present situation.—WlLLlAM COTTON, The Knoll, Frodsham.

HMO I—Do you want an appointment? Sanitary Inspector, Lady Health Visitor, £lOO to .2350. Postal Course Lesscns now commencing for Liverpool exam. Fee 25e.—Musnax9, Sanit‘ry Expert. Sunderland.

CANADA. Do you want wurk ? We want Agriculturists. Domestics, liailw.ly Labor, ea' and can assure immedi- ate employm..nt at high w.4(es Stamp for particulars. eEtTLF.REI ASSOCIATION. 1. Oro39hall it.. Liverpool.

A YOUNG GENTLEMEiN who has been on a farm for 3 years SEBES SITUATION; any capacity; good scholar; thorough knowledge of book-keeping; excellent references.— It. BROWN, Stoneyleacli Farm, Wrightington, near Wigan. fILD FALSE THETIL—We give highest possible prices for k_f above. Offers made,and if not accepted teeth return ed. Dealers also in Old Gold or Silver iR any form. Bankers's references.—WOOLF•LL AND Co.. Birkdate, Southport.

TT Nil CKBRS I KN 4.OKBIRS I I KNACKHRS !I! Best IV possible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle. Prompt rernoval on the shortest notice any distance up to 19 miles— dAmga TooLE AND Sozie LTD., Manure Manu- facturers' Longford Works, Warrington. Telegrams, Tools, Longford Works, Telephone 299, •

A GIiNTS Required by the IMPERIL ACCIDENT, /to., INSURANCE Co., Ltd., Estd. 1878. Capital £lOO,OOO. Departments :—Personal Accidents; Employer's Liability for Accidents to Domestic Servants, Clerks and Suop Assistants ; Carriage, Motor & Driving accidents; Burglary and Plate Glass ; Horse and Cattle Insurance. Claims paid £350,000. Lioeral terms allowed.—Address. MANAGER, 17, Pall Mall East. London. S.W.

QUPBRINTEDIMINTI AND ORGANISBi33,. -ROUSH PURCHABH WITH ORDINARY AND INDUSTRIAL ASSURANCR.—tieveral good openings in Warrington and other districts, salary and commission, for men of proved ability.—Apply (is confidence) THE PROVINCIAL HongEg INVESTMENT COMPANY LTD., and THE LONDON AND PRO- VINCIAL ASSURANCE COMPANY LTD. District Office: 2,Hope Chambers, 107, Market at., Manchester.

-14/1 OTOR CAR £3O; seat tour; splendid hill climber .1.11. three speeds ; economical, simple, bargain.-7, CEDAR ST., Blackpool.

D OTHWULL Quad. 5 h.p. engine; good order ; gear- It wheel damage.l ; only £B. Two-wheel Side-Car. 755. MOTOR STORRS, Commutation row (back), Liverpool.

LIGHT Stylish WAGGONHTTE (Morgan), carries four inside; shafti and pole, brake, black and red wheels, lined blue cloth; equal to new.—W., Fron Hall. Mold. - - - tIRMOND 3i-h.p. Motor Cycle, perfect order, kuaranteeci, kJ £l3 ; Motor Cycle Theels, Tyree, and New Departure Hub, 508.—MoToB STORRS, Commutation row, Liverpool.

NTOTHING TO DO BUT DRlVE—Nearly new. 2-seated Orent Car ; no trouble or attention required ; runs anywhere; any trial. £4s.—Moron STORES (back of Stan- bury's)) Liverpool.

'ORBS —CYCLES, 6.500 guaranteed machines, new and sccond-band, from 255. each ; B.S.A. and Badies in stock : accessories at half price 100-page list free to all : wholesale prices : eye-opener. 53 p.c. cheaper than others : agents wanted.- Weinumow AND Co., WOBtOn•eOper-Mate. NON-SKIDS, 101. to 60s. pair; Magnetos. 4's. ; Car- burettors, 10s. to 40s ; Pumps, 10s. ; Coils, four- Cylinder, 30s. ; eave-all Funnels. 3s, 6d. ; Accumulators, 6s. to 15s. ; L.T. Safety Wire, 3d. yard.; H.T. Cable, 10d. yard. Tanks, llngines, Wheels. Axles, Tyres, Chains, Gear- boxes, Bodies, Seats, Hoods, Silecars, Cars, Quads, &c., second-hand and New.— MOTOR STORRS (back of Stanbury's), Commutation row, Liverpool.

//A-M.P. Daimler ; any trial ; £45. V 6-h.p. Twin Rex, with side-car; £23. 6-h.p. Twin Rex, with lore-car; £3O. 4 Minerva. forecar ; £lB. Motor for Hire. 2 passengers, from 101. per day. Coach-built Side Car body, 30s, g Royal Bnfleld Oar. New; £l5. NoinflNGrox. St. James place Liverpool. (Tel. 1156 Y Royal).

LW—Marvellous sacrifice; Gent's new 1907 machine, highest grade. Clincher tyres, Crabbe roller lever front and back vim brakes ; very latest ; Perry's ball- bearing free-wheel ; plated rims ; coloured centres ; black enamelled and lined frame; mud-guards ; magnificent machine ; not soiled ; complete, with gas lamps, bell, pump, spanner, ac. ; 10s, ; great bargain ; worth double. Send on approval any distance before cash sent.-11. HoUSE, St. Madge. Pitman rd., Weston-super-Maro.

BARGAIN.—Gent's High—grade OOVIMTHY 131 OYCLI3. practscally as new, not soiled, Very latest machine, silver-plated rims, New Departure free-wheel and Coasting Hub, two brakes, mudguards, beautifully plated, and lined medium size frame; plated lamp, pump, bell, bag, spanner, complete ; sacrifice 24 5.. cash ; no me to present owner; will send on lapproval.—t. BLACKMORR, 8, Oxford at., Weston-Super-Mare. HALFOR,D CYCLE CO.. LIMITED. 61, RENSHAW ST., LIVERPOOL. CYCLES £4 19s. 6D., FULLY GUARANTEED. WRITE FOR LISTS. SENT POST FREE.

NO TROI3ELE FOR IRELAND OR CYCLISTS WHO RIDE "WALTON " CYCLES. WE ARE ACTUALIMAKERS, THEREFORE CAN BATE YOU AGENTS' PROFITS. What is the use of a guarantee from makers hundreds of miles away? Buy a" WALTON," made on the spot, with a STAMPED GUARANTEE. WORKS :-GREAT SANKEY., SHOWROOM :—SANKEY (TRAM TERMINUS.)

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUSANDS OP LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON TO 'WOMANK IND They are the best known Remedy for Anemia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals. Lose of Appetite,Hysteria,Palpitation of the Heart. Debility. Depression, Weakness, Irregularitiem, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9td. is. lid.. 2s. 9d.45. 6d. and 1111. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPALION CURE. A positive Specific for Piles and Constipation, and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Co in- plaint. Bottles 2/9. 4/6. 11/-, by wet 3d. extra, 309 PORTOBELLO-ROAD, ROTTING HILL, LONDON, W. (Only kddrees).AMMO

liftigullantouS, un ealts, ate

ACB. is. 6d. and 21. 6d. parcels roet free, good vslue.- 1J BLACIOSORS, 43, Kendal rd.. Bolton. 1 / POST BRE 14.-50 Gent's Ivory Visiting Cards ; Ladies' / is. 33.—Ntarix, 28s Paternoster Square.

'IIYPIWRI TINt-} and Duplicating accurately and promptly 1 executed.—C.E3Alt, 10, Urange rd., Canonbury, London, N.

PARBON'S COMPETITION ; Expert Solutions, to date 7d. finish Is. 6d. (strict secrecy).—" HoLLi VILLA." Heleby. 5O MAGNIFICENT oo:oured Picture Postcards, all 1../ different, free Is ; purchasers delighted.—GlLYAßD, BROS., Bradford. T ADIE9, I make op your Combings, any design, 9d. per I ounce. send P.O. to weight.—Comuns, 63 Eleanor Cross ri., Waltham Cross.

lEJON HOOFS. Sheds and Buildings for all purposes; designs and estimates free.—WeanLE it Co., Derby st. Works, Cheetham Manchester.

LARGB Photographs, 12 x Moe 20 x 16 mounts, from any size, post free, 4s. ; groups extra —BARNES BRo9 7, Leipele rd, Camberwell, 8.8.

LILAiTIO STOCHINGs3 2s. 6d., Lenin 2s. Id., Knee- Li caps 2s. each; measurement form free. —NEW BRITISH RUBBED Co., Lord at., Southport.

IZTRONG Reliable Lever Watch. —A. quality, 4e. 3d.; B, 13 4e. 9d. Poet free for few weeks only —ES. .I'. BuicE, 755 a. Wandsworth rd., London, S.W.

SQHHISTS. SHRHTS.—Wholesale prices. all sizes frosn Ts. 6d. per pair. carriag.. paid ; patterns free. CRANSTON, RO, Devonshire it , Carlisle. rrIfPHWRITHR RIBBONS.-Is. each. Best quality. Direct 1 from manufacturers. Save Middlemen charges.--BToNE 3: Co., 8 Stapleton Hall rd., London, N.

20/- SUITS TO MHASURN, all the newest designs. seno P.O. for patterns and self-measurement forms.—PARKER FC Co.. 8, Peel et.. Manchester,

2. Array', Police, Railway Cora Trouser. for work, 3s. 6d. new blue Serge striped Tweeds. 4s. 3d. New cords. carriage 6d.--HIP2oRD'4, Hornerton, London.

AZAAII GOODS (Special), ld. and 61d.—Greatest variety and value in the tra&.—Ser.mosrt dATTHEWSIA.2I, Ltd. Plough Buildings, Gloucester at., Birmingham.

ULASTIC STOORINGS. 2e. 6d.; Knee-Cape, 2e, Suepen- ICA easy Bandage., ls. each from Manufacturer—W. H. MADDOCK, Alfred et, South, Nottingham.

MART Millinery, Blouses, Underclothing, Grace-form 10 Corsets, Dresses, at wholesale prices. Beautiful Cata- logue free.—Wirmsoit BBoS., Exporters, Hull.

LICE full particulars of genuine Spare Time Employment I: send stamped stddrkseed, envelope to PBINCIPAL, Crown- leigh Commercial Institute, Church lane, Aldershot. TUST Published, 'Heart breathings' (poems). Suitable V Birthday Gift. Covers Crocodile boards.—Prom 137}1KL BENTALL (writer), 49, King's rd., Peckham, London. )

.LIRBII TRU', BBLBOTION.—Before receiving racing Information elsewhere, send stamped address for grand pedal. Genuine gem.—Hicifmr, Cottage Grove, Burbiton.

eOl3 I LAOS I LAUB I—Parcel of fines& Bottingham 1.4 lace ; exceptional value ; satisfaction guaranteed ; is carriage paid.—MAsoa BROS., 14, Pepper st., Nottingliam.

P FLASNllL9.—Varlety designs ; speciality; all-wool cream costume cloth; patterns free from maters,—Taohiss & Co., Gelly Mills,Barberth. 1 o.—For P.O. 3s. we guarantee to send you a Silver- -Lis plated Keyless Watch and Chain. Don't delay; send at once. Basalt BRos,, 41 Gorton St., Patricroft.Manchester

LADIE' dainty Underclothing, 4 pretty garments, well made. trimmed handsome lace, for 10s. 6d. ; approval. —Apply by letter Miss M., 62, St. John's Hill, Wandsworth, S.W.

PATOHWORK.-100 pieces New Silk, 9d., bundle larger pieces, is, 2d•, big box velvets (lovely colours) ls. 3d. carriage p id.—M. Buhazes a Co., St. Mary's id,, Aloston. Manchester.

I YOUR INCIOMR BY TRADING.—Send for .1 William Cotton'e s, parcel of Jewellery, Hosiery, Lace, Haberdashery, Overalls. —WEEKDAY CROB9, Nottingham. Established 1848. HAWIiIIIIB, Market and General Dealers, send for Free Libts of China Earthenware, ; cheapest house in the trade; crates from 308.—PREMIER POTTERY CO. Normacott rd., Longton, Staffs.

GHAVHL 1 GRAVEL! GRAVEL !—par Gravel,chippings, macadam. for drives and walks. Rockery stone, .tc. Quotations to any station. -ROBERT W. MILLON, al, Coal Exchange. Chester Tele;.;bone 70.

A LL respectable slationere sell " PIONBBIL." the idead ra Marking Ink for all fabrics ; needs no beating. shaking or waiting. Large bottles 6d. and Is. or post free from UPPINGTOK'S (Dept. H), " Bioneer " Works. Borough.

P C. BLACK BEIBTLBSI, Cockroaches exterminated by • Blattis Union Paste. Guaranteed by H. Howarth, Berl ,F ZS., post free is. 3d., Es. 3d., 4s. 6d.—Hawlrr, Chemist, Sheffield, W.C. Cleared Sheffield Workhouse, all prerarations

2/9 bILK UMBRELLik, Ladies' or Gents', direct from the manufacturers ; thousand sold yearly ; money POST returned if not satistled.—J. B. BARKMI LTD., PRBE. Umbrella Works, Sheffield, By appointment to P.oyalty.

Q AVE YOUR HAIR I lintel:tins Wilson's Hair Wash made L J from originai prescription. Acknowledged by experts as the finest preparation for increasing growth and beauty. Absolutely unrivalled. By Post. Only 2s. and 3s. 6d.— Viscxxr & Co., Toilet Specialists, 121, Stroud Green rd., London, N.

CHINA GILT SHOONDS 13. doz. Harthenware seconds from Bd. doz Dinne7, Tea, Toilet Ware, great variety. Chapel. Church Caterers supplied. liadged ware hotels, Schools. 100 doz. seconds sound articles £3 Safely packed Hawkers crates nearly 1,000 articles <3Bs. 6d. Cheapest in trade. Write for tree lists.— ARTHUR 3, HuLL, Normacot Works, Longton, Staffs.

rlllll3 GRAND OLD MAN that was (Gladstone), one of 1 England's noblest and greatest statesmen a Bold Medallion of him in massive relief in Antique Bronze ; splendid for hall or oorridor ; a pleasing and lasting memento for sale Theap.—Howv.rx, Marple.

WIRI3 NAILS (Mixed), Be. 6d. per cwt, 281tai, 2s. 3d.; Screws, mixed. 28s. per cwt, ?Sibs 7s. 6d.; Wire, Cut, Wrought, and Malleable Nails. Tacks, Rivets, etc., etc., wholesalelprices.—MlDLAND NAIL Wonxii, 25 to 28, Rea et., Brimingham, C. W. IDAYLRS. Proprietor.

GOT RATS? Tv 50' lISB StINFORLY,i POISONS. It. ends the trouble by destroying them. Rats, Mice. Moles, like it, eat It, and perish Try the remedy, you will be delighted with the result. Price is. Bd. to ss, per box, of all Chemists, or SANFORD & SON. Sandy, Beds.

RUBBRII GOODS and every description of tinripical and Domestic Appliances at half usual prices ; valuable information and Illustrated list free ; four splendid samples is.. or ten assorted 2s. 6d. (worth ss).—W. B. DOREAN Co., Manufacturers, West Norwood, London. PATENT ACTION ARTIFICIAL LEGS.—Life-like in 1 appearance, light in weight. strong. durable. Wearers are able to walk sit arid ride, with ease and comfort,. and with natural movements. Particulars free from the makers, A, TONY Co., 48, Seymour Place, Bryanston square, London, W.

SUPHRFLIIO U 8 HAIR and MOLR9.—Perfected Blec- trolysia (by Mr. Parke's invention) supersedes all other systems in rapidity for permanent destruction. The only method which never disappoints. By appointment only Stamped envelope to Mr. ROBERT J. PARKES, 2, Church st., bouthport.

FrO BB SOLD.—Farnworth, leer Widnes.—The extensae 1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co.. with Machinery and 24.420 square yards of Freehold Land. with 'siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring apace—Address Hoorn% 16, Fenwick street, Liverpool.

MANDOLINI3.—To introduce our Instrurnents direct to the Public, we are offering a splendid Concert Italian Mandoline, oomplele, with Soler-made c,se fee on receipt of P.O. 133. 6d Money returned if not 'ePProved.—Address London Agent of Romrro & CARBoNE (Naples), 6 Arthur it., Bast, London, B.C.

G ARMIN NETTING.—maII mesh, oiled and dresaed, 11,-epe out the smalleet birds, 100 yards long, 1 yard wide, 4s. ; 101 yards tong, 2 yards wide. Be. ; any width or length kept. Tennis bordering hats, 25 yards long, 3 yards wide, strong line top and bottom, 7e. fid. each ; standards for same, 10 feet high, is. each.—H. J. GABBON, Garden Net Work., Bye.

'DIAN°, quite new; splendid tons; maker's price 33 1 guineas. Will take 15 guin-as. —B9, BICW9EY gr., Warrington.

YOUR Intende i's Photograph. marriage. Send birth- date, 13 stamps.—AsTitoLociza. 56. Queen's rd., Plaistow. B.

DOMHSTIO SERVANT'S INSURANOW—In,Ioor 2s 6d; Gardners, 5s ; ChAuffeurs, 151.—AGENT, 8, Ferncrott. London, N.W. - LADIES' Drees and Blouse Fabrics, newest designs.— Patterns free.---BasintwArrea Dress Warehouse, Shipley, Yorks.

ADY will sell her 18ot. rolled gold curb bracelet and 1.4 padliok, complete, for 7s. 8d.—8.W., 15, Cambridge rd., Liscard. Cheshire.

C_l ENT will sell his oxydised keyless Watch for 7s. 6d., good timekeeper, very cheap —G. i .W., 15, Cambridge rd., Liscard. Cheshire.

PPBRSONS WANTING BARGAINS.—CutIery, Silver Spoons. Works.—Write, BLYTH. Ironmonger Hawes, Yorks, for particulars.

A SPBCIAL HOLIDAY BOOT OFFII/I.—Buz Calf, Tans, /A. at Ts. ed. Bend Is and secure palr.—Paavicz, 93, Grove Vale, Bast Dulwich.

FORTNIGHTLY. —Boots, Jewellery, Mangles, Bed- steads, Melodeons &o; lists free.—Fowls. 55. Paddington .t, Birmingham. fill+Aß BANDS (unused), big variety; decorating Oates, placques. vases, tc.. 64. per 100 (P.O.)—Donns, 41. Shield rd., Newcastle-on-Tyne.

HONVY ! Honey! Honey !—Cheaper than Jam. Carriage paid 7lbs. 3s. 6d.—VYVYAN & TRAYLE. Fruit Stores, 184, Coronation rd., Bristol.

kyli OFFER 500 free-flowing, self-filling Fountain Pens. value 55, each, for 2s 6d each as advertisement.- 7mwm.r.. BR cm.. Rothea rd, Dorking.

J ADIHri ONLY.-Is. P.O. brings you a valuable secret; 1.1 cost me £5; money refunded if dissatisfled.—KlHTH. 2, Cavendish Ohorlton-cnm-Hardv, Lancs.

pOßTMANTßAUS.—Exceptionally strong Gladstone Beg. 19s 6d, carriage paid.—Jamite Scorr, Portmanteau Manufacturer, 122, Grange rd, Birkenhead.

25U8.—Good SHOOND-HAND PIANO ; guaranteed, suitable fir learner ; another at £lO 10.—J. H. WOO% 47, London rd., Stockton Heath.

PPOST-WIRD ALBUMS.—To contain 160, Iod ; 200, Is 3d ; 300, la 6d; and in proportion, all past free.—From HENEST Lams Clash Stationer, Norwl2h.

NRW 50 guinea PIANO for 05. beet Tudie. 10 years warranty; splendid 10 guinea Violin Outfit for 5 guineas; approval.—Prof. Hom.owAY, Bletohley. A STROLOGY.—Future events foretold, business, &c.; /1 send birth date, time if known, sex; Is Id P.O.— MADAM, DANA, 80 Richmond rd., Harl's Court. London.

lll'-PAISTBD Satin Cushion Covers, 20 inch square, any flower true to life, wonderful value, 5s 6d ea3l3. T worth more than double.--IdzaEDITH. 47, PAO..efl rd, N.

SPIICIAL GARD'oN HOSE; ; guaranteed; from 12s. 6d. per 60ft., with fittings carriage paid; state requirements for special prices.—Wnot asALK TRADING C0.,41 Ilidon st.H.O.

iILPIATIANOB OF CAMERAS, Mounts, Albums, qnd all V Photo accessories, very great bargains, lists free.— Meats. WALTER TYLER, Ltd., 48-50, Waterloo-rd., London, 8.8.

WIN REGULARLY.—StrongIy recommended: Velocity, Dalkeith, Vasco, Slaveaway, Gold SanT. Private Intelligence wires Ws. week.—l 4. RAYMOND. 73, Emmanuel rd., Ba!ham.

CtIHAP PRINTING, Posters, Handbills, Catalogues, &c. prompt, bigb-claes work ; satisfaction guaranteed; estimates free.—HAYDDCH-CADLE COMPANY, 28, Peckham rd., London B.H.

C"HION COVERS.—LoveIy snow-white muslin. hand- embroidered, and with dainty hemstitched frills, la Ild. Es 6d, and 3s lid each. post free.—CELTIC LINEN Co., High et.. Belfast.

‘ITHISKY.— ' Red Letter' (registered) genuine Highland. Quality unsurpassed One bottle 3s 64 ; three, lOs ; post paid for cash with order.—C. O. STITA.RT & SON, Whisky Merchants, Pit'ochry, LB.

1113HOTOS —Send photo and 28 ; in return will send twelve L highly enamelled mounted miniatures. handsome pen- dant and necklet and your own photo returned,—UNigrE PHoTo, 139, Rushey Green, Catford, S.E.

HUSBAND and Wife (Law on).—Clear. concise, Divorce, Legal Cruelty, Wife's Prverly, Desertion, Wife's Allowance Trading by Wife, &c., 18 Id post free.—HOOPEtes, Law Publishers, 1. Mitre Court, Tenable, B C.

WATERPROOF COVERS. 5 m e material mad pliable as railway sheets. 12ft by 9ft 15s. ; 151 t by-9ft. 18s. 9d.; any size at la. 3d. per square yard, with lashes. Superior stout rot-proof green Canvas, any size, is. 6d. tquare yard, with lashes.-11. J. GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye.

ONTARIO, the principal Province of Canada, offers most favourable opportunities to strong young Men and others desirons of engaging In Farm Work, Female Domestics in great demand at high wages. For particulars apply ONTARIo GOVERNMENT AGENCY,7, James st.,Liverpool.

TANNED GARDEN NETTING. Protect your teas, seeds, _1- and buds from frost. blight, and ravages of birds. Nets oiled and dressed, 30 square yards, Is. ; can be sent any width or lergth.—RlLNHY Romxsox ec Co., Garden Net Works, Rye, Sussex.

DOORS.-Why use Foreign Doors? English made, 6ft, 6in. by 21t. 6in. by liln, square, 55. ; mould, 2 sides, 6s. 2. ; solid moulded, ss. id. All other sizes in stock Send builder's trade cArcl for Iist.—JENNINGS & CO., 375. Pennywell rd., Bristol.

IIYGIENIC scotch Wool Underweir. Purchase from actual manufacturers of the world-famed Atheenic Unehrinkabie Underwear, thus saving mi.uilemen's profits. Fit and satisfaction guaranteed. Free booklet from Dept. 7., ATHEENIC MILLS. Hawick, Scotland.

(ALD Mall t OLD TILIiTI-1 ! OLD THRTH ! We give VI 50 per cent. more than other b ,yers.—Send and get our offer before selling elsewhere. Teeth returned, if not Purchased, post free.—WALus & WALLIS, 122, Upper Clapton rd., London. Bankers, Lon'on and Provincial.

PhRFHOTION FOOTWEAR. Grand selection in ladies' or gent.' black and brown ; all shapes and shades at 10s. td., post free ; krial only needed to ensure comfort and health. Cash with order.—THE NORTHEN BOOT SUPPLY STORM (Dept. D. 61), 76, Prudhoe st., North Shields, Northumberlant

TOI ALL PAPP:RS in large or small quantities at V ridiculously low prices. Splendid papers from Ltd. all prices. 50 per cent. lower th ui anyone else. Book oi this season's specials and price BAY givai to the trade only. Carriage paid on all orders from £2.—Tas.: TIMES WALL PAPIIR Co.' Marriott's Court, Spring Gardens, Manchester. Telephone 5683. Call and see our stock. A great variety to choose from inclutting high-class papers.

SPORT93IIII DI, if you remit 100 at once, will forward you four telegrams direct from Tattersall's Ring, Newmarket and Gatwick next week, containing the soundest informa- tion procurable on the t, rf, by a Racing Head. Suuessful results a certainty ; last weik wired each way Littledale, Won 100 to 6 ; Booklet won. 3to 1 ; Whinbloorn seconi, 6 to 1 ; Hackberry second, 20 to 1; Witch him won, 4 to 1 ; Bellflower won 4 to 1 so f,r this week sent dancy,liarer Sort, Bibiana.—Address Mr. BELL, 18, Miter st., London, H.C.

3nvotments, &bares', &rt.

1.41111 W Li Shares for ftle.—lmportant Private Limited I.Uornpany, which wid ply big diridendsPshortly, worth fuurfold.—Stamp for partionlAre to ' UNlQue,' 4, St. Romans' Avenue Southsea.

Li HARM WANTBD.—Advertieer is prepared to buy a few IJ SHARES in some Company carrying on business within 40 miles of Warrington. btate lowest for prompt cash. Reply sent to all letters. Write " INVRSTOR " c/o Mr. C. WiRNER, Builder, 88. Cefl rd • Upton Manor, ltssex.

Fib CAPITLISTS.—Required Capitalists with sums of I £2,000 and more, to form a Limited Company with £25 OCO to take over and extend a large Crockery Factory near Magdeburg (Germany). Extensive export businPss done. Excellent prospects.. Good interest guaranteel. Sound and well-paving investment.---For full particulars apply by letter to A. Howell]) t Co., Financial Brokers, 35 Deronda rd., Herne Hill, London, S.H.

rUO CAPITALISTS—Wanted Capitalists with £2,000 and 1 upwards to form a Limited Comvanv with £50,000 to take over and enlarge an old-established and well-knowa hotel In Oldenburg, North West Germany. Situated in the best part of the town and without competition. Large profits proved, genuine investment, For full particulars apply by letter to A. HOWARD & Co., Financial Brokers, 35 Deronda rd., Herne Hill, Loud ,n,

'THE MISSES SUTTON will :receive PUPILS for J. PIANOFORTE, SINGING and VOICE PRODUCTION at the Winmarleigh Cafe, Sankey-street. Terms on applica- tion.

URAN K. BY HOUS SCHOOL, 110 Y LARE, OHESHlRE.—Principals : Miss CHAPMAN and Miss GREEN. Education on best modern lines. Preparation for Examinations. Resident Foreign Governess. Next term begins May Bth.

KIRK r lEL 11, NEWTON-Ln-WILLOWS.— BOARDING and DAY Si,HOOL FOR GIRLS; Boys received up to ten years of age. Summer term begins April Bth. at 2 o'clock. A full term's notice required before the removal of a pupll.—Principals Miss G. HARTLBY and Mies M. L. PROK.

cZOUTIIPOKI' IsIODEKN ..CduOL.—AN IDEAL U J SCHOOL FOR BOYS. First-ciafs education, good home, and healthy surroundings, Swimming, Gymnastics, Cadet Company, and Rifle Range. Foreign lx)ys received. Usually full. Prospectus from PRivciPAL.

QTOUKTON LODGE HIOII SCHOOL, STOCKTON HICATH,WARRINGTON (3 minutes from Car Terminus) DAY AND BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, KINDERGARTEN. PREPARATORY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Large House, extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses West successes in Examinations. PROSeRCTIN, References and Views on applicAtion to THE MISSES PARTINGTUN, PaiNciPALEL

DLAOK LEGHORNS. W.Y.F. strain. ; 216 eggs, 3s, 6d. sittlng.—Sitorrow. Bes.kes rd.,dmethwick. DOULTRY-FARMING PAYS.—lllustrated book of sll requisites,free.—ALtEN YotThritY Co., Sawbridge worth.

LiGGS. —Black Minorca°, Hunter's celebrated strain 2s. 6d. 1"A sitting ;by post carriage 6d. extra.—BlßD, 68,Trafslgar Bgremont.

01R013101 EGGS, from my well known winners, ss. doz. ; will exchange eggs of other varieties.-13nAmnALL, Veterinary Surgeon, ()motor'. Preston.

114,orGS from Pedigree Layers, White Leghorn, Orpington% LA Wyandottes and Buff Orgingtons 3s. 6d. for 13.—H.A. BOTHER. The Harbour, wheelt-n, Ohorley.

LIGIB from pure bred Scotoh Greys, Redcap, Houdang, .EI Anemias, Black Langshano, 3s. dozen poet free,—W. CHiamAN, Parley Farm, Christchurch. Hants.

HOUDA.N-MINORCA Utility Eggs. Best nayi3g strain in Kent 45. 6d. a dozen, oArriage fr.le.—WILL A. PAGE Five Oaks F.,rm, Warren et., Lenbarn, Kent.

LIO Villa COHN, 7e. 61., 10e. 6d., 12e. 61. 2401 be. ; Pig Food, _IL' 7s. M. and Poultry Meal, Ets. and 10e. per 2001be,- IhOCHE AND Co.. 15. Goree piazzas, Liverpool. Mention paper.

BLACK MINORCA EGGS, Smethurst and Haslam's strain Pen includes sisters to Ist Royal Lancashire. and others. 3s. for 13. Unfertiles replaced —JAMES NEWTON. Grocer. Haslington. Crewe

• kiNAD'ti DRY CHICK FIGED UOR RAPID and HEALTHY GROWTH. price 12s. per .1.: cwt. carriage paid ; samples 1 ree.—W. J. BEAD, Corn Merchant. Burton-on-Trent MISS CALROW offers EGGS from massive Black Orpingtons, Colonel Saudbacin's and Rev. U. Ildmonds' strains, 3s. dozen ; unfertiles (if any) not replaced. —BIUDGE HOUSE. Bury, LAncashire.

GUS from PRDIGERB WrIsTR WYANDuITRS, 4.; also from Black Leghorn, White Leghorn, and Red- cap pens, 3s. per dozen ; all birds trap nestad.—HaNsussort, Poultry Farm, Croft, WarrinWon.

r ICURKBY BOGS (magnificent American Mammoth Bronze), 1. I can now supply, 7s. 6d. doz. ; uniertiles replaced ; safe delivery guaranteed.—Mrs. HARRIS- WALToN, St. Oswald's rd., West Brompton. No cards.

14,61 US from the following breeds of high-class roultry XI Black alkiorcas, Black Orpingtons.Golden Wyandottes, Buff 1-coriks, White Leghorns, Indian flunners ; also Pekin Ducks 39. per doz.—Apply Ars. GlcSolifaarbock rd.. liuyton

WIGS for BITTING from prize Buick Minorca' at 75.6 d. .12,1 per sitting, Blank Miaornas, Black Orpington. Buff Orpingtons, Barred 'locks, Brown Legtiorns at 35. 6d. per sitting.—W. HOWARD. 142, Preenot rd., Fairfield, Liverpool.

tA/ HITH LEGHORN EGGS, Simon Hunters, selected IV winter layers and extraodinary puilet breeding strain; fertile sittings delivered ; carriage paid, 2s. 6d.; no waiting. —LicoriAnn REYNOLDS. Orosoy Garrbtt, Kirkby Stephen, Westmoreland.

LADY' el 14_AFhlY.-13argain' as new, not soiled. Free wheel, silver-plated rims beautifully lined in gold ; rim brake; high grade Coventry machine; best pneumatic tyres ; celluloid gear case ; all accessories ; £4 10s. lowest ; no use to owner ; genuine ; approval STUCKEY, "Oak Villa," Clarendon rd., Weston-super-Mare.

ivicis eon SLITINH.—For 12. years I nave done my best 1241 to give satisfaction with much success and again invite inspection of the following pure breeds Buff and White Orpingtons, Barred Hocks, Indian (fame, Black Langshans, Partridge and v., bite Wyandottes, Black, White and Brown Leghorns, Black Minorcas, Blue Andalusian,, Houdans. Also Best crosses for laving and table fowl : Houdan and Buff Orpington, Houdan, White Leghorn, Black Leghorn and buff Orpington, all these 2e. 6d. per sitting at home. If packA and put on rail, ss. Also Indian Runner Duck eggs, splendid Layers 2s. 6d per doz, Fine White Aylesbury Duck eggs, 3s. per doz., all these from the very best is) big strains. Please note the address, HENRY DRAPER 205, Newton rd. Lowton, near Newton-le-Willows, half mile from Lowtori dt Mary's Station,and the Trams No business done (wino lay

PLe EISNESS abanlutßly cured without drugs.— Addres 0 enclosing stamp.—LisLE,Surrou • HAVE you any Foot Trouble? Write for their new book; no charge.— HOLDEN'S, 3, Harewood Place, Oxford st., ondon, W. TRY MY LINIMENT for liczenaa, Sores. Wounds, Bad 1 Breasts ; 2 boxes 6.21.—J. GREENWOOD, Etherstone st., Leigh. Lancashire.

)lIINK.—A London Missionary with Physician will help and advise ims in confldenze.—Write JoHrrE3ON, 73, Manor at., Chelsea, London,

DIILMA cures scurf anti preserves the Instr. In pots No L Is. 9d.; No. 2. 3s. free. Send P.O. ARGO PERFUMERY Co., 49, Theotmlds rd., W.C.

KALMAII for Hozema.—Scientific Remedy ; cures obsti- nate cases ; bottles, post freA, is 3d and ?a 91. —lf. T BuTcLITFE. 2 Lord st, Bacup, Lancashire. D 111117MATIOL—Sufferers should send P.O. 6d. for 11.1, receipe of a medicine which has cured hundreds.— Recipe Specialist, 5, Morris Green lane, Bolton-

STAB. 1851.-Ilulme's ' Best Female Pills ' are sold in El boxes, is. I,fd , 2s, 91. ; extra 4.. 6d., useful and nstruct.ve booklet post free.--H ULM ES Chemist, Nottingham

LISTABLISHIM MO.—Hulmes " 131i3T FlOl A LH PILUI' ..E.l are sold in boxes is. ltd., 2s. 9d. ; extra 4e. 6d. Usefte, and instructive booklet post free.—HuLmrs, Chemists' Nottinahain.

EBII TRIAL I—Sufferers from any Nervous Disorder I whatsoever send stamp for interesting descriptive Treatise. Guarantee Cure.—CAPsuLETTH Uompawv, Oswald rd., Oswestry. QTERILIi M4RRIAGII Its Causes and Curative Treat- ment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women. A new edition just published. Post free 3s, 9d., London.-6HELLEY t CO., LTD . 38, Gracechurch st. ILIITS Oft PRACTICAL TRPIATISH, 1: By S. Berry :giblet% L.f3 L.F,P.S.G. L.SA. New Edition, 64 pp., rent free of chirge, C. P. BIBLETT, 11. Burwocd Place, Hyde Park, London.

*f__TORTON' OHIO 1 NAL, B PINE LHUT PILLS. IL FOR FEMALBS In a few days correct all irregularities and remoye all obstructions ; also cure Anternia, and cause no injury ; to the married or single are invaluable. By post, under cover, for is. I,ld. or 2s. 9d from G. D. HOU VON (late Chief Dispenser from Birmingham Lying-in Hospital), Dept, 55 Aston road, North, Birminghim. Sold over 40 years,SUPPLIRD MitillOT ONLY. SRLDOM RVBR FAIL. All Ladies should send for a fsee sample of Improved Sanitary Towel, and interesting booklet post free,

URBBHOLD BUILDING PLOTS.—Favourite locality, J. excellent train service.low price accepted for immediate sale.—Apply J. Jorrxe, 17 Man,,ock rd., Wood Gceen.

rIHIRF RENT o• £35 per annum secured on 12 freehold houses,in City of Liverpool ; total rental £2oB.—Apply PATkßeox & THOMAS. Estate Agents. 16. Cook at., Liverpool.

FOR S&L.—Four Leasehold I-I OrtdltS, with ground for lour more. Gross rental £4B 2s. Purchaser can have benefit of Starr Bowket mortgage. For particulars apply J. STorr, 13 Luton st.. Widnes.

IjoUNCORN.—HIGHT VILLAS, all well let; gross rental .11, £231 ; mortgage £2,950 at 4 per cent. may remain ; grounn rent £25; term 999 years; equity Z3OO.—H. PAT FIELD, 30, Percy at., Liverpool. T.,0327 Royal. TINVBSTORS.—Nquity of 48 substantially built well, .1 lei weeklies. One lot or separately. Best situation round Manchester. Near cars and atation. Gross rental £922 7s. Price £2,3oo.—Apply J. SPARROW, Boleston House, Fallowfleld, Man, hes, er

110-OTICH,—TO Bf LIM or SOLD, a Splendid 8-roomed HCUSH, with bath. hot and cold water. If Purchased, Pay a Denosit. and an AVIIILASIN Payment of sg. Per Week will Comp;ete the Parches.. BOULTON BisnoP, Clifton House, Lovely lane, Warxington.

WIDNES. £5, £7, £lO, £2O, MO, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCgS MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householdera, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay hack. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. IYIANAGEA JOHN E. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Warrington and Runcorn Applicants may receive Money any Evening at their own Homes.

rIABII A,COMMODA.TION, to all respectable in and tr worthy persons, on these terms :- 25 Repay £5 128. 61. £lO £ls £"0 £3O £SO £IOO Call or write to Actual Lender, W. JACKSON, 26. CORPORATION ST.. MANCRINTRP. Tel.. 2247.

TO £S,OOO.—WHY! WHY!! Vir tiY ! ! sell, pawn or let your friends know that you are short of a little ready cash. We have plenty of money, and are willing to lend you part of It at a very low rate of interest and an easy repayment can be arranged according to your income. 115 loan l/6 weekly £?.O loan 5/- weekly £lO loan 3/- weekly I 1/41) loan 10/- weekly larger sums in same proportion, other terms as mutually agreed upon. Don't Pay 2/6 in the £ for a month. So don't fail to give us a call or write and convince yourself that our terms cannot be beaten.—APPLY TO gAURICti & CO., 31, CAIRO ST., WARRII4TO MISS COTTHRILL. MANAGERE3B. N.B,—Read this carefully, what you cannot understand, we will expliin; we mean nothing but honest and straight- forward dealings. Letters promptly attended too.

MONEY LENT AT • SHORT NOTICE. ADVANCES of large or small amounts (not less than £10) granted WITHOUT DELAY on promissory note only. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. MODERATE TERMS. NO APPLICATION FEES. BUSINESS CONDUCTED STRAIGHTFORWAMDLY. Fall information supplied either personally or by post FREE OF OOP, and all enquiries TREATED WITH CONFIDENCE. Repayments arranged to suit borrower's convenience. Apply to : GEORGE PAYNE & SONS, 20, KENNEDY ST., COOPER ST., MANCHESTER. OR 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISH BD 1870.

LOANS, PRIVATELY AND WITHOUT DELAY FROM £5 UPWARDS,' GRANTED TO HOUSEHOLDERS, SHOPKEEPERS AND OTHER RESPECTABLE PERSONS UPON NOYE OF HAND ALONE. AT MODERATE Of-URGES AND RE-PAYMENT TO SUIT BORROWER'S CONVENIENCE.' APPLY IN CONFIDENCE, MRS. J. BARRETT (VANAGEREss), 1, CHESTER ROAD, WARRINGTON' HONOURABLE DEALINGS GUARANTEED.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, RING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CFIESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Bums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY ROTH. PARTIES wishing for temporary CASH ADVANCES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THS BORROWER. NO BILLS OF ALB ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THEnTRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANNRWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. A.BSOLUTH S ECERCY, OBS 'WYE D. APPLICANTS,, RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTEE'TION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative si 11l oall personally upon applicants anct.complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known ad my reputation stands unrivalled

faatrimonp

it VI.I ATRIMONIAL TIMICS," the best and quickest intro. 1 ductory medium for all desiring a matrimonial alliance; price 6d., in sealed envelope.—,Vidreas linCrott Robert Radford, 5, Featherstone Buildings, Holborn, W.

_ agpituitural prollart, ijilati t 5, Scr

BURN your Garden and Household rubbish in one of our Patent Destructors.—HOßBFALL DESTRUCTOR CO., LTD,. !Spence Lane, Leeds.

OX CABBAGH PLANTS, large quantity strong plants ; few Harlys end Reds.—linWAßD BARBER, Mere Farm, Nether Alderley, ClhelforA.

• SPARAGUS, carriage paid, 25., 2s. 6i., and 3s. (12) buds), according to quality; cash with order.—EDWlN ROBBINS, 7, Market Place. Breeham.

jeUCHSIAS for potting; good stuff, from 2in. pots, all best varieties, at 2s. per dozen, carriage paid ; cash with order.-111312419 IC CO., LTD., tiylrham,Seole.

-IDPRRIINNIAL MINIATURB BUN FLO MIR. 5 grand 1 varieties blooming in succession, two strong 2 year-old plants of each le, 3d. free. —MAT's NURSHRY, Ramsgate.

- ASPARAGUS.—ICveeham grown, 120 buds, good qtrility grass, carriage paid, 2s. 9d. England. Wales; 3s. Scot- land, Ireland. Weekly supplies cheaper. Fresh cut for each order.—Apply PAILTHOBPE, Grower, livesham.

TTtth PEIBTTIBST PLANT on Barth, the Amincan Fuchsia; always In full bloom, in flower ten months out of twelve; quite hardy ; two Is. 6d., four 2s. 64., post free.— T. B. MADDEN, Ballymurry, Roscommon, Ireland.

'TOMATO PLANTd. To obtain good results you require 1 strong plants estitilished in pots. We offer plants of heavy fruiting strains " Holmes Supreme," " Bell's Fruit Grower," "The Cropper." " Up_to-Date " 4s. for 60, doz lots 6d. extra We remove from pots, paper and pack upright free. Plants arrive with roots pndisturbel and go right ahead to fruit. Our season is too eh' rt for weak spindly stuff direct from seed heap. They are too far behind. They may set a few green fruit, but frost generally comes first. —BULL, Broughton Nurseries, Wickford,

HUGHES BROTHERS, PAWNBROKIIRS, JEW. BURRS, HOUSE FURNIBURRS, BRUSH & TOOL FACTORS. & GIINERAL MBHCHANTS, 116. 118, 120, 125 and 127, BROWNLOW-HILL,LIVRUPOOL (near Lime-street and the University). Telephone 2004 Royal. Bstohlished Half a Century. CASH LIBBRALLY ADVANCRD On Diamonds Jewellery. Furniture, Me3h.nics' Tools, Small Machinery, and Goods of value of any kind. 01,448111 D ON THURSDAYS AFTBR PIM

SEE 111JUHES BHUTHEtto (1IG&LIU AND ASTONISHING STUCK. Every Want Supplied, either New or Secondhand. Seven large Winr 50 BOWLINU Glifista 1306..L0 lelsUM be. Also Croquet from 10s.

GAs COOKING STOVISS and tiaNtre.:d trom Ib.; Wright's " Eureka," "Richmond," and other makes, some like new. Also Coal Cooking Ranges from 20s.

f 'AIRMAN ROLlalliti from 123. 61. to 50..; LAWN- k_T MOWHRS from 7s. 6d. Also GrePo's make cheap. rttliW LAWN MovVlglio, warranted good cutter.. lu-inch 11 125., 12-inch 13s. Green's Lawn Mowers from 17s. 61. Grass Shears from is. Syringes from is. Water Hose Pipe 20. per foot. Hose Reel 6s. 6d. et of Garden Tools 2e. 6d. Hugh,a Brothers.

dAFIS, CUr LEVU Vtitib, Ai AULL—We 40/--SECONDHAND SAFki, by well-known maker; handy size duplicate key,. diet) one very large Banded Bent Steet ; 6 keys; £6. Also a " Milners " Safe, cheap. Copying Press, 74. 6d. Roll-top Desk, like new, £4 15s. Hughes Brothers. VISHING HODS, 31. 6n ,finely made, four-jointed, winch fitted, and with brass ferru'es at all joint, Brass COUR BRIM, is. Also a first-elites FI.IHINCI- ROD, only Bs. 9ri.; w,,r h double. Hughes Brothers.

IAMBRAS,Lti ac.—A Large dtook of Forfeited Pledges ‘...) in the Photographic Line; also Hand Cameras, Kodak, and other makes bargains. TWIINTY SHOWIWOOIS FULL OF GDOD SEW AND SECONDHAND FURNITUHR BA.BGkIN4.

s. thl.-Bcaes-rssil BEDSTAAD, full size; also superior quality Mattress to fit, only 3e. 6d. ; soft Flock Bed and two Pillows, new. 7e. 6d. Another superior heavy Feather Bed, in clean linen tick, 19s. 6d. and 255. Double-woven Spring Blathers. 10e „ 6d. Persian Bedsteads, brass-mounted, 275. Child's White-enamelled Swing Cot, Hair Mattress, and Pillow 13e. 6d. 395. 6d. -Walnut cllour CHIFFONNIERB DRESSER, drawers and cupboards, mirror back, fit for a parlour, White- top Dresser, 18s. 6d. six drawers, cupboards, &c. 14r. 6d. -Handsome large sevelled-41as. OVEtikl/113TEL. In walnut frame. Another in gilt frame, 10s. 6d. Be. 6d.-AslitiOlD BAROMETER. Another 21s. 4s. 9d.-Strong KITCHEN TABLE, with two haves and drawer. Chairs 1.. 9d. Hearthrugs 2s. lid. 3s. lid-Bevelled KITCHEN FEN DE U. Fire Stool 2e. lid Ashpen, 94. 3s. 3d.-FIRE GUARD. Another brass top, 8. 6d. 515.-Walnut WARD ttOBE, mirror door. Aaother, £4. 255. (cost 655.)-Keyworth WRINGING and MANGLING MACHINE, hardwood rollers, nice order, Everything in Furniture from Grand Pianoforte to kitchen Poker at HUGHES 8R0,., 116, Filrownlow-h;li.

LADIISS Anti fais.,era WILD ALuitßl'a a Au) GUARIA. FoRFIIITHD PLEGDGSS. We hold the largest Stock and Variety ot these in Liver- pool. See our Magnificent Window Display 25/—Gent's Handsome Solid Gold Curb ALBRIIT, each lhlk solid and Government stamped. Others 295. 6d.. 37e. 6d. Also one weight 13 sovereigns, now £7 7. _o'snah.eanpdats 257/6-19aZ toemrne ; B,3,loivdernUmoledntD.otanmblpe,ctLfillEtT, Gold ALBIIHT, with ball pendant 13/6—rildoyth'ser Solid 24/6—Laiy, 8 a " Solid pattern. Gld AlsoU AaR m 13% gsn4i nn stets long; neati anm e stylish

and solid gold Guard ot that glirtering baud diamond-cut link pattern; Government stamped and guiranted ; only, 38s. 6d. Hughes Brothers. LADIBS' GOLD" BRACELETS. 11/6—aLnad t, —Lady's ltu:stavl Gold n OuvrebrylittAndOslioLmßer, One e la heavier, 265. ; another, very heavy chased all one aide, reversible, 370. ed. ; and one nearly finch wide' set with lustrous diamonds and other gems, only 40. Other Bracelets from 8.6 d. Huahes Brothers, 116 to 127, Brownlow-hill..

UUIL SIOUX inn LititUßS L. t 1,4 LtVlittrOO.L. 301- SILVER WATCH FOR 7/6. Gent's Silver LEVER WATCH, 'splendidly finished and jewelled movPment. eases nicely enizraveol.

£5 WATCH FOR £1 Fine Solid Silver ENGLISH LAVAS WATCL-1, by the best of Liverpool makers, John Brownbill ; highly-Eta/a:led fusee movement, fully jewelled and capped, thnroughly examined and timed; warranted for 20 years. Also a Prnlington CHRONOGRAPH. £2. Also a Capital Hnglish Lever Watch, price 12s. 64.

GreiDl l'o (IOU) anl" tsA !bit W alliti, (Coat 25 Guineas.) - Nhgnificent 18-carat Gold Keyless Lever Repeater WATCH, bunting cases, safety keyless and outside stop, and fitted with all the very latest improvements, inde- pendent fly-back centre-seconds, indicating the 300th part of a minute, striking the hours and chiming the quarters on a loud and beautifully, toned kong ; only £lO 15s Also a Gold taunter, by Russell. £l2 19s. 6d.

DIAMOND kiNGA.GRMErirr RINGS FROM 10e. TO £25.. £1 16/6-7a1s'1 Your - Diamond and Three- Sapphires Half-hoop RING, very pretty scroll-shape settinß. Alto half-hoop five-etone opal Ring. specimen stones, full of life and radiancy. 4. bargain; worth 70.. Also other Half-hoop Diamond Rings from 12s. 6d.; solid 18-carat gold. Other gem-set Rings from 2r. 6d. Hughes Brothers, 116. Brownlow-hill.

£4 LADY' WATIM FOIL 1c i— u/ Lady's 18-carat GOLD WATt.:I4, well finished and thoroughly timed ; a great bargain, 15s. Also a Capital 18-carat Gold Keyless Lever.

HUNTING. WATCH by 'r. unseen and kins, Church- street ; cost £lO, now only 755. Another at 521..6d.. Hughes Brothers.

6/9—GOLD NBOKLE et very neat pat,ceru. U'llor. as. 9d. 12s. 6d.. 16s. 6d. Gold Lockets and Photo Pendants from 2s. 6d. Hughes Brothers.

tid.W LOW oill.,(ThutiaND.. 129. Bd. —Genufne five-frame Bussela Cii.geßT; size 3 by 3; a bargain. One 6by 4 yards,7Cs. To. 7cl.—Rest Brussels CARPET. size 3 by 2. 9e. Bd.—Splendid Tapestry Oe.iiiPl4l', in new coalition; size 3by 3 Others, larger, at 17s. 63., 22e. 6d., an. 3ge. 6d. —Splendid Bordered CARPBT. not soiled or worn; size Skyde. by 2ives. ; a grand chance. 48s. 9d.—Sunerb Velvet Pile CAIiPBT, rich subdued colour- ings, fit for any room ; cost £5 ; quite new; size -"'"" 3by 3*. Another at 37e. ed. Huey., Brn,hars.

24 17/6—rattLOUn. SulTis, in ruby figured plush; also one in sage green, just like new ; and a nice Suite in Chippendale, high-low settee couch, 2 tub chairs, and 4 small chairs, cabriole legs, latest style. only £7 10s. ; and A Divan Lounge balite. in choice Mecca Saddlebags, only £912,. 6d. 30 other kinites at Hughes Brother,.

ftOlflhli BtaintOOM rani+ RIIFLROTING MIRRORS. £6 7/6 ,(worth double).—Very handsome BRDROOM SUITE, solii, not Veneered, polished and stained rich walnut, dressing chest, with four large deep drawers, fitted with locks and keys, and brass handles, large bevelled swing glass in centre, with nice carved top and !wo bavelled square mirrors at sides, other convenierc,.,jewel drawers Aad recesses, also two large bevelled wing mirrors at ends; wash- stand with statuary marble slab, and handsome double art tile back, with enclosed pedestal and brass towel rail attached full size wardrobe, richly carved panels, with full-length bevelled robing mirror in door, large hanging compartment, with deep bonnet drawer underneath; loose periment choicely hand-cat ved. A bargain seldom met with.. Only £6 17s. 6d. the lot complete. Twenty other suites to select from 60s. to £3O Hughes Brothers.

28 19/6-HAN DSONIS MiLrIOUANY MTH ; nice Wardrobe, bevelled plate mirror door, shaped Dressing Chest, and rouge marble Washstand like new and very handsome. Only ,e 6 19.. 64.

£7bargain a 19/6 WALNUTB DllO OM S)S (NgluPa rl aCniit eed dark walnnt) comprising LARGE SIZS WARDROBEi with two arch-shaped bevelled mirror doors, spacious hanging compartment (fitted with hooks 8, and lined inside with pretty pattern chintz, making it quite dust proof), and large tonnett or bedding drawer beneath; SOLD-) WALtillt DRESSING CHEST with four deep drawers ant jewel drawers supporting large bev,lled swing mirror, and two bevelled side mirrors at each side. nicel v cArverl pediments over the mirrors; washstand with ROYAL RIM ROUGE MARBLE SLAB AND ROUGH SLAB BACK, with slipper shelves, pedestal, and towel rail, and two walnut chairs. A bargain. Only £7 19s. 6d. the lot at Hughes Brothers. 22 ice Walnut IDE Hue/clue mirror . aek. also J`W one in mahogany, fitted with cedarette. 575. 6d.; and a most magnlficant one in rich fumed oak, nice size, at £4 15s.

L 4 19/6-Bplendtd Bow-fronted WALNUT • uIDII- - nearly sft. wide, beautifully hand- carved panels in the cupboards of under portion, doawers. &c., lofty plate-glass mirror back. A beautiful Sideboard. Another, very massive, £7 19s. 64. onwhes 13,4-

Zl2 10/—Masaive tolin Spanish Artabo<4l,y ul ott— i BOARD, of sound workmanship and massive , construction, elegantly-carved panels and pi'lars, lofty bevelled plate-glass mirror back, with choicely-carved pediment; a bftrwain £l2 103 Hughes Brmkers.

- DINING TABLO.6 PttOM 10E. 6d. To R. 4). 45/—.olid Mahogany DINING TABLII. screw extending, with loose leaves, grandly shaped and fluted legs. Also one in walnut, 575. 6d. Some with white tops and stained mahogany. ani stid oak, frorn 25k. Ruches Bro 4.

M°liwrolrUk eirD'isatrna° and;largßei jc).l n6se;i:sanfltienfhp. ; 7VV's 64.: Blacksmith's Hearth. 225. 6d. ; Painter's Brushes, Paper- hange,'s Tools. &c.

BEliftoo.sl TABLii*, UlbWLTti zIUII Wlist*S. FROM 30e. TO £l5. 39/6—Very handsome DRESSING CHEST and WASHSTAND; chest, with 4 large find deep drawers, 2 Jewel drawers fitted with locks and lays and nice brass handles, large bevelled mirror in centre on carved supports. • washstand with tile back and towel rail attached. Others at 595. 64. ; and a pair at £3 be., solid walnut.

TOINISR'S TOOLS, in Bass, forfeited, in nice condition, PI consisting of saws, planes, chisels, hammers, brace and bits, also many other useful tools ; price only ISs. 6d. Also another, price 28s. Tool Chest, fis. 6.1. and 14s. 6d. elougb and Bite only 83. Also several other.. Weston's Patent Pulley Blocks, with 40! t. of chain for heavy weights, only 17s. 6d. Stocks and Dies, all sizes, Capital Strong Hand Truck, for warehouse, only 6s. 94. And large Barrow, price 61. 6d. Strong Secondhand Leg Vice, price only 61. 6d.; another. 146 Mason's Chisels, 3flb. Plunah.rs and Tin- smith's Tools. Bellows 17s 6d. Secondhand Anvil, 17s. 6d. Joiner's Cramp, 81. efl, Glazier's Diamond, 3s. 9d. and 6s. 6d. bmall Lathe, 255. Platform Weighing itachine, Avery's 401. Scales for all trader. Coal and Gas Cooking and Heating Stoves large stock. Hydrometer and Book. 20e. Garden Roller, 155.. Green Lawn Mower, cheap. Strong Banded Fireproof Safes, 355. and £6. /toll- op Desk, £5. Drilling Machine, 21e.; also a powerful one for hand or power, 40s. Punching Machines, Presses An. Laundry Stoves and Uten.ils

Partner6lo4, EUstnel4es. pERSONS PURCHASING RUSIN FA'SSKS canlbe accommodated with Capital at Si.A.URICE AND Co., 31, Cairo it.. Warrington.

DO YOU WANT TO SELL your Business ?—if somonsult Mr. CowDELL, Business Agent, Legh at., Warrington. WARRINGTON.—Gannine HIIRD RE 3 SEE'S GB U SI- NESS for immediate disposal (estattlished years) Weil fitted up with mirrors, &a.: also a Chip and Fish hop attached to the premises, A good living to ha sold cheap • VIDDIV T. CownELL. Business Agent. 31. Legh st•, "arrindon: 0-11NUINE GROCERY and PROVISIO3 BUSINESS doing a nice trade, for immediate sale, also the Shop alld Fixtures to pay a good interest.—For further particulars aPPIy T: COWDELL, Business Agent, Al , Leh st..Warriagton. eTINTRAL NEWSAGENCY, Stationary and Tobacco, Business for disposal, tskings £l5 weekly, profit 50 per- e:ent.—Anply T. COWDELL, 31 Legh st Warrington. T. LET, a good MILKHOTTSE, 12 cows, 1 cob, and milk- , float, grain cart.—For further particulars, apply to W. cOLLiRD, 12. Sessions rd.. Kirkdale. Liverpool.

EUBININS of every description undertaken in London for Country or Provincial Firms. We are open for 413POintment as Ageßts.—Address BLAKE & CO., 1.2 Th eobolds Mt London.

;OLD-ESTABLISHED TOBA.CCONIST, SWERTS .1" SMILLL-WA.RE BUSINESS FOR S kLE, doing good imee, MY turnover; fixtures cornplete.—&pply S. Wirat ER, 14 , st., Runcorn.

MILK BII9INESS WANTED ; not particular to price it genuine; will give a £5 bonus to Rnv on e intro Inning a illaitable bnsiness.—Address "H. 163" Evening News" Office, Manchester.

t3mn Will buy the BIT•zINTBSS and Idachlnery IJ Whe el wrißht and Coachbuilder ; stn3k a bargain "tent reasonable. or would sell property. This is a rapidly Vowing business and a splendid onpor'pnity for a pushing tarn:l.—Address, C. DoniioN, itgerton et.. New Brighton.

JORN BROWN, 34, sOUTH JOHN ST LIVERPOOL. TEL. 179 Y ORNTRAL, RAS A VARIETY OF 10.7q1IRRSIN ON ii ND TO SPIT ALL iILik9.RIN nre RTTYRRq. _

SPRCIAL OFFBR. 36. worth for 2s. 3d. post paid. D. II AMOS' METAL POLISH. THE BEST TN THE WORLD. 4 Iv, containing 36 large Id. tins, or 12 large 3d. tins, will be sant on receipt of postal order for 2s. 3d. A. & P. NOVRLTY CO., 28, GRESHAM STREET, LONDON, E.O.

GARNETT'S "NEW DEPARTMENT" to suit all classes. Call and look through the new premises adjoining the old show- rooms SANKEY STREET. GARNETT'S.

'ht Orarniner *erfes THE WARRINGTON SG MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER Published every Saturday morning. The principal nd the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Reath Penketh, Winwick. Padgate, Lymm, &c., being °Pe of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lance- snipe and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- a large trading and agricultural tract in booth Lance- " Mu're and id-ilheshire. RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. It is the beet weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Saturday b. morning. Widnes contains the largest number of erft.llical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a riVilY growing centre of industry. BARLBSTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, Dttblished every Saturday morning The Largest Local Wit" containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le Golborne, Ilaydook. Lowton &c. The 310.04 thus c°l3Pri is a most importantlpart of the Lancashire coal. ninth, TRH ST. HELENS EX Ved trihrt. published every Saturday morning ,circulating in St. Helens. Preston Atarr. Sutton. Peaalev Cross, &c.—the centre of the Great '"emiCal and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID A DVERTISEAENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BB SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION. One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 64. ... Is. 3d. ... Es. Od. ... 3s. 9d. rOs. 94. ... is. 10d. ... 3S. ... ss. Od, od ... Is. ... Es. 64. ... 4s. Od. 6s. Od. !.5 ... is. 3d. ... 3s. 14. ... ss. Od. 7s. Od. Is. Bd. 31. 81. ... 81. Od. ... 10s. 04

W. HODGKINSOS LTD. LADIES' TAILORING. EXPERT WORK. COSTUMES FROM 3 GUINEAS. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

'ES Fo I f , ~ civi, 4., 'c•-• ..,..., (Trade Mark) k) r \ 4! s',ls, ' . . ts'7'kx ;.;•47-rfc--4,1-',lf! " it i !A '14,7.•':.!, ~ .„.''',,:fl.' r4,' ~.,, ~ ~' • , L.7-Tir - . ~ e,,,!.-rvit..”,6 zr.v......... ,A., 1 '''''''' CURE:-NeFA.CACHE, INDIGESTION, OOP/ST/PAT/ON , %.i , OEBILITY,. rrivALE VIEA If NEscEs. PILES,' ~, 0 : Dl° ZAI'VIOLSIS"Ar Af.rige "5 • AP,' ,i.L.)/3iTtime,ll‘'t46 !.1 , ei....0. & STOMACH TROUBLES -f.„• J;i;,,„B'. . '''l .:,•I,its. 4./Z \ •:I li ,;',:', :. 4 A %' V ~t, •14 11 II „..--.,„ a, - •

44 ,7 .41, i.,-;,, . • 11, , 31 '': iiit .*..-V1:::$1,-;'•:-.' : ' ::: .''' * .o. , ~.':•: je.

~,,,,, 1 q- : c.- ' - t'-' : 41, ;44': .N.s.,

Dr. BAKER'S BACKACKE PELLETS Are a new remedy, which have a marvellous effect in curing Backache, Lumbago, Gout, Rheu- matism, Sciatica, and all difleases of the Kidneys, &c. If you suffer, take one pellet three times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses you will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain of Backache &c. A Suffexer says :—" I obtained quick relief from a terrible backache after taking a few doses of Dr. Baker's Backache Pellets. Write at once enclosing 12 stamps for Price one box or 33 stamps for 3 boxes to DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE Co., 03, NELSON SQUARE, SOUTHWARK, LONDON, S.E.

, .... . . at. .:.:/;1 ' ~ • 4(.. ...... , .., . 7 . ...,... ~..,.b. .. ~,,,,„;;./ ''''. 7,,,, 7.4,714 -..-...-•-i.,..,,,:. j_ i .4:-., .-, • Itl! •'• ".. t-- ....i.,- ...4.-- ,tri.. . ;•:,,K• 0., t . •.•'•-• .•.,. 44.- ._ •.: , • Eio, ~.....q,-,7:-.,,........• ..' i .. ...t'•.• ... kf ki .-ki.g.:::.:::..,'• jlk T V6.';,.'. ": . ' .... . , ',..;,11....,,..:. ~ 'AA As. . • :ii.', '.'il • - .... . 4 ::.....::.!'•:,:zt,k1;ii,;.....,,, *:',....., ..:. --..,'TS:', ....... ......2,-;'••••:-.'7 .'.!:''...,"•••:f..., •". ' .';'. :41; '' :',-A-. •.: •• • 1, # ,' '''''"'riP,-,- • ,-,•• :ii•.••••••••-f,'•::•••r:.1.:•,::•••,:-•,.. • • .•*,:i. • :',•!..•••••••••-. *., " :•'•-• • •-•i:•:."-•-"••••: '''• --••,:•k.....4•••:-•''•••••••••,,,...,:,::.::•••••.:-:!.... ~..-...••••:: . ••• - '''• • ' ~.. - • -•,.. • „.4.-. ~..., . _,.r., ... ~,.. ;,:.. ...,.•P::•::,..tilil/4ti:e*:••4,l::i. - ,711‘ ~ , -,rw4-,..!..r. .• , 1... • •-: 11) 4,. -- It- ,i: ..?... •: •,,,•:-1:•;.F,-;.-::: .--1, --:- • .- 4:.:•..;siie_:+ . ~.i.,. r ri, ,-.7 ~.,..,,,,,,, .-.'.:::, - ._ -• . -1-1,,,,......,2.,?.::......: e4;•-... ‘, ~,,„.„.44.4:,7-._.,,...,:.,--.. , ~e,.• ; . : ,t, --- . - , , , .• ' ''''l ' .*• ' ' ''''' f-- • .2-' ''.5.,7,....- - . ..-,,,:. , '''. ii•-•",:-..- ..c.:ii7l:-...r.;,:::•:7:,-/j,,•47.-4....'''4;,,,' :•:.i.:::,1,F,:••...,:,.',...' i'..*.......• , !•''-',-;.: '`..f.•,; -::.Y.V.:,-„:.•.,,:,•4.,',:',•'.•;..: _-,,,...:„.....*:-%:.....i,‘ ..-•:',..-- , tr: :: 1:: -,': .....;:-.1-7'24..;:.11::•:.-:''.;:'•-.1:•'....',...:i:71r-k'47—`;-'&411,. ...... #O%. ',:e;,:ia:4.--;,:::...-T---""7:1"--4; -, I .„I '''''''... -, .4... ',-5i,.... ,t . ...,„_•-;.;•, . -::::::-m, ' ,:liklv4lF .•.- - , ill 12c le iveu er.. '4--Is '' '' .C.tifit'• ,Ete••l7i'' ' ' e r . .I‘:;;;;lfirri,le.,-•,! • ' ••••4",,...•... fs-•• -•• ' • •.,...,141: 4• - . ..,-,--••-••••4 '''....... I J... ••,• '• 4 • -*: ', • ''•t'•'•:','t•''''- •::• it ft; , 'O;2. •••;7.11/2•••:7 • . 1111!•••Ii-•••• 1-- •-• • ''''...". . I) •i,'F?:3f,'....4.',.' i , ',:;.:: ... !1".,'•:.' ..,.1.. ...,. , a (J.l, r.;,i,-,.....-:•%. ' =',. i 11, ~,,r.i..:;.: ~ ~.. T: . ~-, f '. *V •*)•-••. • -.•-••' a ~ -AP • - ;

, frir,r42.C=B2=o..,Mlin.g.,....lilw.aool2Et•C S:1 Chris A 00,, , ~,,, 4 ~ , se 1014..e....11 L „ t.: • C lrcle . t, , . „ ,i tore .1 ~. L THE BEET PENNY WEEKLY STOT.I.EZ: a PUBLISHED. 1 1 o D. EVERY SATURDAY !.... ! 2. teii • NEWS AGENTS R I And BOOKSTALLS. i ty'l i' LONG STORIES by such Popular Authors as: i MRS. J. B. HORTON, 5 SYDNEY WATSON, tt il ~M. E. 1.,. FLORENCE 110DGRINSON, It 1.4 1 HELEN HARDIN, II MRS. SYDNEY WATSON. 8 I Every week an instalrnent of JOSEPH liocß %isc great Story, "THE SCARLET WOMAN." , , No Penny Stories yet Intblisherl contain itcli, ti V fascinating and interesting tales by best Authors e BIG PRIZE COMPETITION. ORDER AT ONCE. 1 C If not able to obtain these Stories, write to the Publishers, FARRINOTON & Co. Shoe Lane, E C.: L...... enclosing Id. Stamp for two recent numbe, •••=milaconage zazazia.=.oams et gailea=att it

1 7L--t- 4grk Yr:plc/Ord or' 101 Q i m 1 Li7g4 Co 0 ate , / \ 1/Ivi t- -- cc4hes Airily:.

• MANUFACTURERS. MIANCHES EVERY \V HERM THE LAIMES9 SHOES, Black or Brown, Glace Kid or Box Calf. " CAMEMA " q_--.i. in OXFORD, DERBY, or BARETTE. tatc.. firre"4" 116 & 118 Bridge Street Warrington. .o 6/11 —,_.„..siiiih 47: Victoria Road, Widnes. 45 Widnes Road, Sinims Cross, Widnes. Bridge Street and Market Street, Earlestcm'n. THREE GOLD MEDALS. No. 1793 . 6, High Street, Runcorn.

.1,. Go dd .4: rt - „ ... c, . Plate : t Poly* er , It ne cieaning saver:meet...Mate& 1 lotti everywhere 11; 2/.5 & 4ics. , ACTS- LI KE,' L 1G FITN I NG `r4,,,,,v4/./-• \ • ' • ' ,)"" sif- . 16,_ • ^ :I ' t•• fit JD) ' r7-!4: .r*, ,*, %:3,,,.. 414‘;',44 ...3: ,'• ' . (11 ~....,,t ) ,4; i.• ~, A- , • ~,,1 'A( ,1 ..,...‘,Crgt VotAad'• 4j ' -, ..;.,tr,k-1,,....:,,4' , ..•,:: ,N4 * e7lrf. f -- V iffr \ - • --- TRADE ...--2----; MARK g,..,•-• \ . _, , ~.. E ...-,„:, To KILLS PAIN IN MAN OR BEAST. The only sure cure 'for PARALYSIS. Rheumatism, Sciatica, Rheumatoids, Atrophied Muscles, Locomotor Ataxy, Sore Throat, Coughs, Colds in the Chest, Sprains, &c., &c. The most powerful embrocation in the World. Thousands of Testimonials. ' May be had from all Chemists at 2/9 and 1/4 per bottle, or Post free from THE BODIE ELECTRIC DRUG CO., 163, Blacktriars Read. LONDON, S.E.

22, _....12F0RCP. ..- - ‘r2..,,,,s :,'....T-,4,* .4,ifNt,'.. '' ' 'if --W4l4f4tegS*:. ilarAt 4, *: . *MN-v. • fr.'. ~',. . . , :' ' r; 4..'• .n , .. ' . .ir . • . •Ii to. F, ~;, it • T 4. y ~, lft 4.,•;, I 1.. ' -; , -:,.. w. 7..,,,,,' l'. ‘Ni ':.. •=, ' ..., ,t,,t —47-.,:ze„,- - . ';,t,t,;- V :.•,:iii.* ft : . ...s, .....,,,,,, -.1..,...w •'-'fY '''.fi ' 4r, iSi4:11"1.1 „:40'; ''-';v476,741Ai ':i4X? ~...-iit:'?4,i; V, .-••,_ ~,,,i '44t4 c',r 44"./tr tek, '"i,s•Rtt",,,.„l---,.4 1 - ',, -1,-- xt ,' 4,-..f.,--;-,•, ---; 7, "*.r." ter, , I*, ...c, -.4- 3 .v, •,,,, . 4.1-r '7-Is, .. `...1.,„•`' . 1 ~..,.. cis . 5,.....;„ ~,....A ';':',:-'7l-'l.-:',l. ;....., L0umit.......i ...t „.•,......,.,...,, ‘,:,. ,• - . . , 414,°#„-- ' ' ....,-;•.-:,;••,.., , . ..",• , rtf,' .:, i; ' .- ',, iv , : ~, A: *-4,i-g.,4,„ ~ ..: , -,.,,„ ~,,•, E 1 'i . , 41;4 :14; Wiki .s., .

• • •.• , • , ',..7.,',-4'-:•,:',' ' - ' - ' -7 . : ..s . -',,,:,`'. ...' .••'''' - • •• , ' • '• .. ',is: -,..7"'..g ' '''''.••:',," '4,':. ~..... ' ',.. •','".., ~•• ",•,- 444'., , • ~ ' Where ordinary Cocoa does not . agree I PLASM 41 COCOA ..,„_,.... THE FOOD COCOA will be found . _ ._.... . -. '- DAINTY, PALATABLE and • ,- NOURISHING. ',..1.•,,,:i'.7 , Contains nearly 700/ of proteid, and --.- . ~...45',.-rtft.......: itself t forms in ise a perfect food. ~,*, .. ,121; ' X.,..-*.e 11,••e';' . *if, ; 4 ~t' ....,..., x:--',..-::L.Ag.f..4 -,-. • $41•1101, 1 nar', '41,4 _kc.,,...,31•4.- ',' W' . r.ti' .". '4_ I, . , ':1•7 4' ‘.4:4 4:sitr -0, - ‘-, .„. ),, ": • :,,5,,-) er., 7 Itt;"4 'W ''. 41-..A.*:,,,,,,,e r(..,"4",' •'.‘,',P,',,,' I•4' :: .' V 414, W .41.- ~.f.* '...6 Your ~ k. 041,1 The "Lancet" says:— ~,t,i.....r Grocer ***lq3A. '' . " Plasrnon Cocoa ~ 'lO contains all the con= sells-e= - -1 • ',„ 44- .f.. • - '.1..,...`). stituents able to •••• ' otseV-11 ....., all e.,,w.,:.4,...,,,,1/4 support life. It is :.,-v./:•,,,:.,,,i,.....?,, ---a !Idly stirnulatirkz; . Plasrnon ''-'---' -'*,--: whilst highly if' t:-.4"•i:::',4--'' ..t-.-.1.4 .1. „...0,,, nourishing. Foods. 4.'-'i.',, ~.„45—,,:ts ' "t• -,---',‘l.; '.'ll-'4,,V.4-' 41., :". ';‘,., ' wil.t, --,w• . P.1.-tt - , ~,• /0 4„. ; .:',,-.. "t"'4- '' ,[- •' V- %--4.,... -.., 4,:. ~, ee , "0. ,- • .;,11i"-11.! :.:,,.," ec:4“. 444- , :‘ 1 ..-- -1 -g• Iti-/- 1.1..- '', ~,,:.7',...fi q 12,. :!...i'4. 1- ~, •-•,,, ••• , --.'"..'„Ve`,` f.,,,,, , • I,:', -.-:.„, •• , q:,f,ov, .., 4.., r. • ~: ~ 1, , , , , ~m ;6 .5.:•.,' -•2-„,,. - ' f:,•:-.r t,---1..-inif-,,,,w',, --: - -,---4-,1-...3..... _ tiKnortALTELDHOIVE 1e2924 _.—(_-.13 c r, v ~, 2„, , .0,, 11%9 _ k , .., 4,,/,,4 40 1. -14; 1 ( 60' .\„..'-.2.) IN (1* ...k,' ~ . ::, \— Pr-7: •. ---."4-7-* __....--- 4.1.-__;______-----f-1------7-2---L-s A.ftto: / .:• - ,,,,,..,... ,~,,..,... - : .'1:-,flit,,, ir ' AdOltLD Ri:ve_isl_OWNED - :, til ("c) C.',. •_l,--s •-•,. - , ,--k:.. e Ak 4)f ._ -7:- BOWUNG GREENS. -:-..E:-.- _ _ :I- -- -- . - .... -1 154 Nr• - • , ..?'"" ..... '-': , ..t 42.ShCKVILIESIPfit MANCHESTER. .....‘"....\,..."....,%.",..,‘„..."....".. Speoial SALE Bargains

A Great SAVING Assured.

If You Feel as Bad as You Often Look it is time you took yourself in hand and gave nature that aid which everyone else sees you need. Appearances generally indicate the condition, and it tells on you if you have Insomnia, Indigestion, Constipation, Biliousness, Torpid Liver, Kidney Trouble or a disordered stomach. If you have any of these troubles You Need to take steps immediately to right the wrong ere it is too late, by resorting to the never-failing remedy Beecham's Pills. They have cured thousands of others and will cure you. Women especially find a wonderful boon in Beecham's Pills, and a reliable and beneficial help in times of sickness and ill-health. In countless homes in all parts of the world whole families use BEECHA ::::-,,•,47:,,, 9 etz:, • PILLS and find them reliable in maintaining good health. For over sixty years these pills have been before the public, and the sales are now greater than ever before, and greater than any other medicine. It proves that Beecham's Pills do all and more than is claimed for them, and also that they are the best medicine In the world. It will show you if you take them that your entire system will improve and you will look well, you will feel well, and you will be well. ~.._....,—...v.....--,....--,—.....----- Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1/11 (56 pills) & 2/9 (168 pills).

LADIES' LATEST HAIR COMBS i ....4440c sa COUGH i 3et of 3, Post Free, 1/6. fArrely Decoration. Mentiot paper. 1 IOHNO MANAGER, BRIARf3ANK, TRETFORg. 121111111RIMMIF - DEEMIIIIIIIIRRe CROUP r ENIGLISHLEVERS. The Celebrated Effectual Cure without Internal Medicine rpfn fr'a fIX Pr` P Q 7 WHY boy foreign watches when :ton can have the best linglish workmanship ..I . at nracticall the same prices. !fl BNGLISH LHVERB.—SoIid Silver,Hall lerha Embrocation marked. Ladies' or Gents' size, 355. \Vill also be found very efficacious in case, of cash, Keyless or Keywind. Why pay 50s. BRONCHITIS, LUMBAGO or 8:?.s. for credit. Lifetime's Guarantee. TIM el a.TCH COMPANY, and RHEUMATiSMI ' WILBRIIFORCE ROAD. LEICESTM ,

KEATING'S KILLS \ BEETLES) POWDER

_ - i,....„ GIVEN AWAY FREE! .0111ritio zoo-Page Illustrated List of 6.500 Cycles, ~,..._/ \ new and second-hand, frodlll2sl- each. ,_,..,./ Eadie's and R.S.A. in stock. 150 Motor Cars, great bargains. Send CYCLES. Lar I forgelast'sdteaanldersseeinmtarheveultvorulsd. Agentsofferl -...e‘s~Niels wanted- 50 per cent. cheaper than others. Every accessory in .S; ,li. Don't miss sending Y.C. for List. FREE TO ALL. WARRILOW a C

10., Weston-snper-Mare, Eng. I • ' t 'A 71 4 •./. 7A - . ' '---Z.. • -,--. ' 1..--j. „=.‘ - , ... • , ~;• , ~,,, .• ~., ....,,tt.,-,.•.,,,t, '• t,O IS -, - • .-7. --e--10.,,-.• • ~e,,,,,.._,:z5-7--., -.....:,,,,.. ' :• • N'S• fo. ';'1)-T tit .:, T.- .... r, ..i. ,ark. . a`l? ' " . 1i e Ram we . ii. It. and SI. Lainctir Coral. and Co . 11. Que.', Victoria Street. E C. Best Blackiead fov Grates.:

LEDGERS, DAy BOOKS, HANDBILLS, . PRICE LISTS, JOHN WALKER, & CO. Bewsey St., Warrington.
