===== 0002601_19070720_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
MONAGHAN IRELAND

DEALERS IN FIRST-CLASS IRISH HUNTERS AND CARRIAGE HORSES AND JOB MASTERS.

We beg te thank the Gentry of Liverpool and surrounding districts for their past patrnnage since openingiour

LIVERPOOL BRANCH: SANDON MEWS, 8, EGERTON ST. where owing to the increasing demand for our Speciality in High-class Carriage and Hunting Horses, and to supply this demand we have completed exteosl7e alterations, and trust. by strict and personal supervision of business, to retain the confidence in the future as in the past of our numerous Patrons AIM soliciting the favour of those in want of good, Sound, High-class Irish gorses, at moderate prices to entrust ns with their requi,ements, our sole aim being attention and entire Satisfaction in our dealings with customers.

M S. p Hos. CLARRE• STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, "EXAMINEE" OFFICB. 33 MARKET STREET, EARLBSTOWN. IPAROY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS.

CANADA 131 °CHAN C, FAE EHORTIOT A:

SPIIRD.

b 'IF STY.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
i s , , ,1 ' ye "- t i .. ...., ,_... . . -..""M"..."."" ' '

COMFORT

No 1584

Y ALLAN LINF.—THE ACNIN OF lodiFoßT IS ATT A I NED IN THE ST TURBINE RTEAMERS. ND CREAPFST ROUTE TO ALL PARTS OF OANAD 4. I WESTERN STATES. Uneutpassed Accommodation Excellent Cuisine. Details re Work and Wages. Apply ALLAN. 103, LEADTCNRALL STaitrr, ane 51, PALL MALL LONDON; 19. JAMES LTILNBT. LIVER POOL or Local Agents.

OONTRACTS. tIoGI qENTA L. INSTITUTE. \../ 8/40TH RKGIMFMTAL DISTRICT, ORFORD BARRACKS. WARRINGTON. The COMMIITPR JNVITB TENDlffis for the supply of 888% MINERALI. GROCHRIRo, PROVISIONS, COAL POTATOES, FISH, &c., for a period of six months com- mencing the let August next. A special tender form giving full particulars can be obtained on application to the President. SRALBD TH.NDRItd. endorsed. addressed to the President to be sent in by 12 noon. the 22nd July, 1907. C. IiDItIDGR, Major. The King's Regiment, President Canteen Committee, 8/4Cth beghnental District. ,Warrington. 3rd July.

IRA PARTIRS, ASNOUNORMHBUS DANCIISs; CONChRri. BAZ&ARS. ASBRTINGS. EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON Bewsey Street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
a 4,- 111 . 12- . . • , .."4‘ 4111 jr.4\ e or, • t 4,4 - • I` • • • ilk. , • • N ' \- • 47, 't'y *. •••••'.i , t • 411,1111!1

ONE PENNY

SATURDAY, ULY. 20, 1907.

By 1 POST 736 Per Qe 6s is 9d , Qaarttr

PATTTISON and 17, SANKEY STREET, -111:11MIEWE JIMISt.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
FURNISHERS.

See our Leading Lines.

fflartgmerp, etc.

IjORTON'S ORIGINAL BENEDICT PILLS = _ FOR FRMALBS. .

In a few day 3 correct all irregularities and remove all obstructione ; also cure AnTnaia, and cause no injury ; to the married or single are invaluable. By post, under cover, for Is. qd. or 26. 9d., from O. D. HORTON (late Chief Dispenser from Birmingham Lving•in Hospital), Dept. 55 Aston road, North. Birmingham. Sold over 40 years.SUPPLII4O DI /OMIT ONLY. SELDOM BVI4Ft FAIL. Alt Ladles should send for a fee sample of Improved Sanitary Tov e , and intsrastham booklet post free.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
SALE

UP-TO-DATE, SMART and INEXPENSIVE

===== 0002601_19070720_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
annum d it

MEMO. OF TEETH TEETH J. H. PARKINSON.

MANCEIRSTER, TEETH HAVEMOPENSD ,:f; AT TEETH 14, L6I.NKEY ki TEETH WARM VITON.

AND WILL ATTEND TEETH EVERY WEDNESDAY 11 to 7 TEETH Branches at CRS WS, NORTHWICK TEETH andIWINSFORD. (See Local Papers)

BVBRY SATURDAY 11 to 5.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
PERKINS,

A SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY FOR PURCHASING THIS: SEASON'S GOODS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.

Ladies' and Children's Costumes, JACKETS, DRESS SKIRTS, UNDERCLOTHING, HOI7SEHOLD DRAPERY.

enuratton.

gyitulturai *Ow, V!ant, Szr

Warrington. ..2PIL MI IM

LADIES' SOHOOL.— Lborou2h Mortera exicuutton. Higbed ref.. 30 ens.--ST. WARG/RFIT'd House, Hove,

TIAIRHA.VRN LAI:111W HIGH SOKOOL. Fine position 1: Staff Twenty-nne Resident and Thiting Teaoh.rs, B.A. num Doe., &n. Swertist Uyinilasiurn. Hockey and tennis Ground!...-Misa Mitts.

UIIANKBY 110USK SCEIOOLI, HO Y LAKE, CHRSHlRE.—Principais : Miss ()HAYMAN and Miss GREEN. Education on best modern lines. PreparAtion for Examinations. Resident Foreign Governess. Halt term June 17th.

KIHKPI e 1.4 ti, NMI' -L ILLU %V S.— BOARDING and DAY SUHOOL FOR GIRLS; Boys rewired up to ten years of age. Summer term begins April Bth, at 2 o'clock. A full term's notice required before the removal of a puplL—Prineipais Wes G. HARTLEY anl Mies M. L. PROK.

AIL. muff..RieNoftrSaTani,Wt nilliKefthSo,irmA.nt.,teer.oNrl.;t. Praroi, Aofthl7,oh PIANO, ORGAN, THRORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT, MUSIOkL FORM. Upwards of 100 Oertill late' and Pezes oined by pupils. Lsrea three-mannat orgna for praotice.—For tirrns apply 134, LOVELY LiNE and LEGH ST.. Warrinaton

SOUTHPOKT SIODFCRN sCROO6.—AN IDEAL SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Firet-&a, eluestion, good home. end healthy cosrroonlings, Swimming, Gymnastics, Cadet Company, and Rifle Range. Foreign boys received. Usually full. Prospectus frn-n PRIvCfP4T.

STOCKTON LODGE H1(411 SCHOOL, SI'OCKTON HIiATH,WARRINGTON (3 minutes from Car Termintis) DAY AND BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. KINDERGARTEN. PRBPARATORY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Large House, extensive qrounels and plavinv fields. Excellent Resident .taff and Visiting Masters and Mistress se Greet successes in Rvarnlnations. PROSPECTI74. References an Views on application to THR MISSRS PARTINGTON. PRINCIPA.LSI.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
fßOntp

ft MONTHLY Rep Ave £5 loßn in,erest 10 per 2S, (M. co.nt ; share prod,. ; prospectus 2 stamps. CO—OPERATITE BANKING eOCIETY. 61, Lord et., Liverpnol.

111D1TVATH LOANS.-210. repayable lb,. monthly; large amounts in proportion ; d;stanoe no object ; forms free —F. RUTLAND, 28. Inglis rd.. Croydon.

Af COMMODATION, to &11l respectable and trustworthy persons, on these terms :- 25 „ En be. ed. £l6 7s. 6d. 2'o £io 250 £ll2 10s. Od. Call or write to Aetust Lendor, W. .TICIC4ON. 26. CORPORATION ST. MANCRR3I33O.

Tel., 2247..

re TO £5.000 —way ! !! WRY I. ! sell, nawn or let your fricquis know that you aro short of it little ready cash. We h,ve nientr of money, and are willing to lend you part of it at a very low rate of interest and an easy repayment can t,o arranged anordlng to your inoome. £5 loan ....... ....1 /8 weekly £lO lam . 5/- weakly £lO loin 3/- ell in.n 10/- weekly larger sums in time proportion, o'her terms as mutually agreed upon. Don't Pay 2/3 in the £ for a month. So don't fail to give us a call or write and convince yourself that our terms cannot be beaten. —APPLY To MAURIOI3 & 31. CAIRO St.. WARRINGTON. NUN COTTIMILL. MANAGEFIE9S. N.l3,—Read this carefully, what you cannot understand, we will eanlian; we mean nothing but honest and straight- forward dealings. Letters promptly attended too.

£5 TO £5OO. sPROIAL TIMIS FOR THR HOLIDAYS.

IT IS WORTH youa wHILR TO GIVS US —A- TRIAL On RSCRIPT of your Application My MANA.GI3I3 will call upon you and Lend you what you require on the foll)w- -ing terms. E 5 ... 1/6 weekly ... 2/6 weekly £7 2/- „ £l5 ... 3/6 „ £2O ~. 4/6 weekly

Larger amounis in proportion. For Pto3pectus Apply or write to

j• PTENNING, 4, PARKER ST., (SANKEY ST.,) WARRINGTON.

MONEY LENT AT SHORT NOTICE.

ADVANCES of large or small amounts (not less than £10) granted WITHOUr DELAY on promissory note only. NO BILLS OP SALE TAKEN. MODERATE '1 E NI) APPLICATION FEES. BUSINESS CONDUCTED STKAIGHTFORWATUILy. Full information supplied either personally or by post FREE OF CO-3T, and all enquiries TREATED WIT( CONFIDENCE. Repayments arranged to suit borrower's convenience. Apply to :

GEORGE PAYNE & SONS, 20, KENNEDY ST., COOPER ST., MANCHESTER. OR IC, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISHBD 1870.

STRICTLY PRIVATE LOANS, ON A NOTE OF HAND ALONE

To LADIES AND GENTLEMEN

===== 0002601_19070720_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
AT A REASONABLE

RATE OF INTEREST

===== 0002601_19070720_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
AND WITHOUT PUBLICITY

REPAYNIEFTS TO SUIT BORROW CONVENIRNOB. 11.IRs. J. BARRETT (gANAGERESS),

1, CIIIISTER ROAD, WARRINGTON

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATIC STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. 11111 All TIES wishing for temporary CASH ADVANORs should note the advantates offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RAM OF INTERBST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GOARANTBB OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSITAI OF SMALL REPAYMBNTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THIS BORROW Eit. NO BILLS OF sALB ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED DIARY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS EEO/SIVE IMMEDIATE ATTRIFITIOR IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative mill oall personally upon applicants Finn complete the transactions t%ir their own home or places of business. My fair dealirg and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled

WIDNES. £5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respeot• able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on four simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. M. COWER, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT 07 THE CENTRAL EITATIoN. MANAGER: JOHN 11, GOODWIN. N.B.—Warrington and 'Runcorn Applicant may receive Money any Evening at their on Homes.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGALL'S Pateilt SELF-RAISING FLOUR I NWEESNTE N. ....mmimemmil a WOMAN'S REALM.

1 DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

GARDEN - PARTY COSTIJMES

The weather has furnished ingenious won= with a new idea in garden - party costumes, writes a correspondent. She has, lam told, .all her muslin frocks on her hands because it is too cold to wear them; she knows they will be old- fashioned next year—besides. she wants to wear them now, this minute, so she does wear them with her sables thrown over them, and the curi- ous thing is that one has already grown used to the anomaly and rather likes it than not. Dia- phanous frills fluttering from beneath fur/ pele- rines and boas are certainly pleasanter to look upon than cloth or tweed garments would be, and really the one is just as sensible as the other so long as the rain does not come. It would seem, too, as though women had prophesied a . grey summer this year, so great is the prevalence Princess Beatrice of Saxe-Coburg.—Of all the late of black and white in dresses, hats, and parasols, Duke of Saxe-Coberg Gotha's daughters, the Princess and black and white gossamer. Beatrice is the favourite in this country, her eldest SUMMER AFTERNOON GOWN. sister the Crown Princess of Roumania ranking next in bur affections. Princess Beatrice has speut much of A charmingly simple dress for afternoon wear her time, since she came out, with her aunt Princess is shown in our sketCh. It could be carried out Henry of Battenburg, and until Princess Ena's marriage equally well in voile or eolienne; or it would to the King of Spain, was her cousin's greatest friend look particularly well realised in a pretty silver- and constant companion. Princess Beatrice has not grey Shantung. The skirt is gathered at the perhaps the perfect beauty of the Crown Princess of waist, and is prettily arranged with groups of Roumania, but she possesses a delightfully animated two large tucks above the hem. The full bodice face, fascinating manners, and a charming figure. She is almost covered by the large, pointed, cape- is always dressed to perfection, apparently in the like collar, which is finely tucked all over, and simplest, but in reality the most wonderful French gowns. The Duchess Marie of Saxe Coburg has always shown the most excellent taste in dress, a taste appar- ently inherited by the Grand Duchess Cyril of Russia, whose toilettes call down the admiration of all privi- leged beholders. The Square Parasol.—Parasols may be reckoned among the greatest bargains at the July sale, so little demand has there been for them this year. The square shape, finished with a silk fringe, or a fringe of tiny flowers, is much in evidence, but even at the low figure the novelty is marked, it would prove dear to the majority of us. However well the weather may now behave, we can only hope for a few weeks more of- summer, and we should therefore do better to push along with the parasols end en-tout-cas we have, and look about for items likely to be of service when autumn arrives. Furs.—Fewer bargains in peltry are in evidence at the sales than has been the case for several seasons past, and this is probably owing to the fact that we have not long ventured to discard our furs, and that it cannot alas be so very lone before we shall be forced to don them again. Still this is the time of year to buy furs, if buy them we must, and now is the time also when we should get those we have that need to undergo such a process, remodelled and renovated. Fashions in furs are of course constantly changing, but sable, chinchilla, ermine, fox, and mink, are slways safe pur- chases. Stone marten we thonld do wisely to avoid. Last season it became a little too popular to suit exclusive taste, moreover it is distinctly an unbecom- ing fur. There is a whisper from responsible quarters that bear will return to favour when autumn arrives ; it promises therefore to prove an excellent investment , to those who cannot afford the more costly varieties.l And we should do well to remember that a small piece, of good fur is worth all the imitation rubbish at present I on the market. Novelties in Buttons.—The Chinese button of carved; ivory, the carving by the way appearing almost as delicate and intricate as that seen on valuable antiques, bordered with some Cluny lace insertion, carried is the button of the moment. Weird gargoyle faces, up the fronts, and outlining the square-cut open- ing at the neck, the opening being filled in with quaint conventional-looking flowers and greusome dragons, are the usual designs, ind the most favoured a finely-tucked vest of spotted net. Three tiny sips is that of a penny piece. These particular buttons bows of black velvet adorn the front of the cape, and the belt of black velvet is drawn through a afe seen on plain morning costumes, arid elaborate afternoon toiletes alike, but perhaps they look their dull silver buckle at the back, the point of the best upon the lovely silk muslins, and lace gowns, that collar being caught beneath the belt. we have at length ventured to take from their HOP-TRIMMING FOR HATS. wrappings. l The craze for hops threatens to put every Fashionable Ribbons.—The craze for rihbons goes other fancy of la Mode's entirely into the shade merrily on, and the latest idea is to arrange them to and numbers of the hats of pure white straw an:s imitate stripes on piece laces and muslins. The ribbons trimmed with hope in all shades, pink, blue, are stitched at one side only, and a favoutite combine- mauve, primrose, and pale café au lait , being tion is lace of. the true, old-lace hue, and ribbons of mingled together to form a thick ruche round palest peach. Pale peach by the way is having an the hat, which permits of no other adornment immense vogue in Paris, at the mon.ent. so also is whatever with the exception of the soft puffs of pearl grey, both extremely beautiful and becoming brown tulle, which are invariably placed under colours, the brim of a narrow cachepeigne, and permit The Ideal Holiday.—Most people have their own of the hat being tilted a little to one side. idea of an enjoyable holiday, but one general rule' which applies to all is, that the ideal holiday must be different WEDDING GOWNS. from all the other days of the year. For that reason ' Simplicity is marking many of the dreEses of the married woman with hUsband and family should to-day worn by brides, and when the dress has a try and arrange her holiday so that she has not to distinct train it is rather shorter than formerly, " keep house all the time." It is all very well for the says the Queen. The satin goWn very often do- husband to enthuse over a most delightful cottage in pends for its skirt trimming simply on pleatings the country or by the sea, but it is not a" real holiday" a la vielle, in soft chiffon flecked with silver, the to the wife if it offers no escape from the daily routine elbow sleeves and the chemisette spangled in tho of household duties. There who have plenty of advice same way. What the Americans call "harness to offer on the subject, and recommend us to spend effect" is produced by a berthe-like trimming of our holidays in bed, or in climbing mountains, or in narrow ribbon and lace, • and there is generally some other ridiculous manner, are nearly all agreed a pendent tassel somewhere on the bridal gown that the happily married woman should, to use a nowadays. vulgarism "go away on her own " cithout husband and OVAL ROSEBUD BUCKLES. children. That would be an entire change, but to nine Flower buckles are frequently to be seen now- women out of ten, it would not be an enjoyable one, or adays in the realm of evening attire, and provide in any sense and satisfactory way of spending e holiday- a very pretty and leffective finish to many of the Nor is it desirable if the "woman of the hearth "is simple little dresses for the debutante or the able to arrange her holiday so that she does not know " jeune file." In the case of a simple dress of what she is going to have for lunch or dinner, white tulle illusion, the wide sash of soft white The Wedding Present Tax.—Occasionally wedding silk was drawn through an oval buckle of moss invitations are accompanied by a request that no rosebuds, while a miniature buckle of the same presents are to be made. There are a few brides and fastened the large bow which decorated the bridegrooms who do not wish their own happiness to be coiffure of the wearer, and which was worn ex - a source of worry and expense to their friends and activ in the front. relations, but they are very rare, and it is not likely FRENCH LAWN BLOUSE. that any impression will be made by the protests which The dainty white blouse, fashioned of the are raised every no and then against the "intolerable finest French lawn, and prettily trimmed with tax of wedding presents." Of late years many have broderie anglaise, is more popular than ever, decided to give money, since wedding presents must be either in the simple shirt blouse or the more given, but, in spite of this more sensible plan, the dressy style for afternoon wear, such as is do- young couple generally acquire a multitude of ornaments, victed in our illustration. The "skirts" of the articles and personal belongings, for which they have blouse are very full, the fulness being arranged no use, and which have given their friends a good deal in flat tucks on the shoulders, but is closely of trouble to pick and choose. Whether expectations run to a thousand guinea motor car, or only an electro- plated cruet stand, we all have to ilubmit, and the worst of it it, that one's friends generally select a peculiarly empty-exchequer time to rush off to the altar. Ouida."—lt is curious how some authors hit upon a Tom-de-plume. That of Mrs. Louise de In Monde. who is known to all the world as " Ouida." is simply child's mispronunciation of her Christian name, Louise. Although she is often supposed to be a Frenchwoman, " Oujda " is a native of Bury St. Edmunds. Her father Was a French refuguee, settled in this country, but her mother, whose maiden name was Sutton, was English. Ouida " was born in the year 1840, and at an early age commenced her many contributions to the fiction of the Victorian era. Her first novel, "Held in Bondage," appeared in 1863, but she achieved her greatest fame with "Under Two Flags" and "Moths," the latter being published in 1880. It is understood that Miss de la Ram4e has made at least £50,000 to .-260,000 by her books, but she appears to be in need of the Civil List penson of £l5O a yerr, recently granted to her for dis- tinguished literary services. She has never married,and for many years has lived in Italy.

IVADGE.

FREE CHURCH CoUNCIL.—SERVICES ON THE CONTINENT.

The Continental Services Committee of the National Council of the Evangelical Free Churches have con- sidered the question of Free Church services at popular places of summer resort on the Continent, and in past years provision bus been made for English and American visitors. Arrangements are now completed to bold ser- vices in English at the Grand Hetet P,ier, Grindelwald, Switzerland, during the months of August and September. Services will begin each Sunday morning at eleven. The Chaplains appointed are Rev. Dr. J. Monro Gibson, ex-President of the National Council, for August, and Rev. William Cuff, ex-President of the Baptist Union for September.

gathered in front, between the kimono strap 01 broderie anglaise, which are bordered with a double fold of lawn at each side. The blouse opens in a square at the neck, the opening be- ing filled in with a vest of Valenciennes lace and finished with a band of embroidery, which is carried round the edge of the ce,pe-like epau- lettes. The full three-quarter sleeves are drawn into 4 band of brodene anglaise edged with a narrow frill of Valenciennes lace. RIDING ASTRIDE.

American Divorce Laws.—The freedom with which marriages are dissolved in the United States is illus- trated by the official report for California. In the twelve months ending June last year, 2133' divorces were obtained or nearly one-seventh of the number of weddings. The principal ground of action was wilful desertion, and other reasons, none of which would be recognised by the Divorce laws of this country, were cruelty, intemperaece neglect to maintain, conviction ior felony, and " infelicity " Women are generally supposed to be so much mere anxious to marry than men, but in California, the wives greatly outnumber the husbands who wish ,to obtain release from the married state, as, in no fewer than 1,545 of the 2.133 eases, the initiatory proceedings were in instituted by the former.

Time was when if it were announced that cer. tam n ladies of fashion were to assemble in the Park riding astride no one would credit the as- sertion. Now women are accepting this mode of riding under certain circumstances as an abso- lute necessity, and many of our best tailors have habits specially for the purpose. In America the skirt of the habit is simply cut like a divided skirt, and completed by a short jacket. Women aro ordering short skirts for walking abroad, which they can wear with their habit bodices, but they would hardly do in England.

jror over lialf-a-Cenrary - 1856-1907 .- 1r) rown Pollson's "Patent" Corn Flour

has been unexcelled; its purity past dispute, its flavour delicious, its strength such as makes it most economical, its uses so various.

Hence its world - wide popu-

laritr.

OVlake sure always that you get "Brown Ca, Poison's Patent.'" With other Corn Flours it may happen that "Twice as much if half as good."

7:l^ , • • 1, • • Trill *47 • r".•.tpl ' • • ~; P. 'I, ///' - 1/1 - _ „ -„, 1 _ _ If'

/1'

F?

• ( - .7. . I .. , • .'5 , , ( ( ,s4--.3.::_itie- / ‘---1---.=-- •-_,1;" 6 pito I ..,„, , • 1-, '.- i_i fi /;,, _-_,..p.4,„/-..' .r..111C .°ll I i 1! . ( —o' q ----------- , ro' c / 1 1/1 ift !i• tf7/16 '

===== 0002601_19070720_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PRETTIEST YOUNG WOMAN,

A former rector of Holsworthf left money -kJ be given to the most deserving and prettiest young woman most regular in her attendance at church. This year the gift has fallen to Miss Jane Maynard, daughter of a late sexton, and it wa: presented to her at the church porch.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

STRAWBERSTES FONDANT.—A very pretty des- sert can be made, says thO Tribune, with straw- berries, but the firm, ripe berries must be used for these bon-bons. One pint of granulated sugar, half a pint of boiling water, a few drops of vanilla essence, and some firm, ripe berries. Put the sugar into a stewpan, pour over the boiling water, and stir over the fire until dis- solved; then boil, without stirring, until if a little of the mixture is dropped into cold water it can be formed into a soft ball with the fingers Take it off tho fire, add the vanilla, and stir until thick. Then put it on to a bread-board, and knead it like dough until soft. Keep in a cool dry nlace. About two hours before wanted put some ot the tondant into a. bowl, place the bowl on a an of hot water, and mash and stir until the mixture is like cream. Dip each berry into the fondant, and put on oiled per to dry. Only do sufficient at a time for one deBool-t, al thew will soften ia n few hours.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Examiner, Saturday, July 20, 1907

cariosity. He stepped back from the window„ thought for a moment, then stealthily slid round to the door. It was open; for the night was warm with the oppressive heat of an Australian summer. Without pausing he entered the living- room and looked round him; the sweat of excite- ment, and of fear—for the young matt in the next room looked as strong as Hercules—was standing on his low brow. By the light of the small lamp he saw the box, the ordinary oak chest which stands in the honoured place in nearly every cottage in the Western Counties of England, and he sprang noiselessly at it, lifted the lid, found the spring, and took from the drawer a small tin box. He had scarcely got it in his hand when tle heard the woman's voice again. .3The certificates, Ralph—the certificates!" she gasped. "Yes, mother," responded Ralph. get them." The man in the next room tore .open the lid of the tin case. There was a sealed envelope, and, under it, a few trinkets. He was about to transfer the whole contents of the box to his pockets; but hoe changed his mind and, taking only the sealed packet, he slipped the tin case hack in its place and closed the lid of the old chest. At the very moment of his doing so, he heard the young man's footsteps approaching the door between the two rooms. The thief made for the door, but he had unintentionally closed it behind him. There was no time to open it; the lifting of the heavy latch would have been heard; and he slipped behind the window curtain, and, drawing out a knife, noiselessly opened the blade and waited, his heart beating thickly, his breath coming like that of a baited bull, while his hand closed tightly over the hasp of the knife, and murder looked out from his eyes.. Ralph went to the chest, brushing the curtain on his way and causing the man behind it to lift the knife ready for a thrust. Ralph found the spring, but much less quickly than the man had done, and, taking out the box, returned to the death chamber; again brushing the curtain as he passed. "Here it is, mother," he said. "Open it!" she gasped. He obeyed. Her dim eyes must have seen by the expression of his face that what he had expected to see was not there. "There are only some jewels, trinkets, mother," he faltered.

"I will

"No, no ! " she panted. "The certificates, the papers—they were there. I. saw them before I was taken ill; they are there! They must be! Look again. Ralph, your future! You are— you are—the son of-- You will be—! The certificates Ralph ! "

I The death-rattle stopped her utterance. The small tin case dropped from his hand, and he put his arms round her as if he.would hold her back from death. But no one can hold back from Death that which he has claimed. ! Ralph laid her on the pillow and closed her eyes, and sat for some minutes overwhelmed by his bereavement. He had no one else in the world but his mother. And she had gone. After awhile he went into the outer room, and half mechanically put the tin case in its old place. Then he went to the door and looked out on the sultry night, the glittering stars. He was alone in the world, and his loneliness weighed upon him like an intolerable burden. Even if there had been light enough his eyes were too blinded with tears to see a stealthy figure creeping towards the forest—a figure that had in its pocket the sealed packet which had been stolen from the tin case.

The Earl of Lynborough leant back in his easy- ' chair,with his keen eyes—they looked like sparks of fire glowing in an ashen mask, so pallid was the wrinkled face, so bloodless the thin lips— peering from under the long, white, almost flesh- less hands • and Mr. Bolton, the family lawyer, as he looked at his noble client, wondered which phase, which incident of the eventful life was haunting the Earl at that moment. He waited in silence, for he knew his lordship too well to venture to break in upon his meditations. "Yes, I have •made up my mind, Bolton," at last said the thin cold voice. "My experiment has been successful, as you say—though it was your experiment, by the way; you suggested my adopting Veronica. "If so I have cause to congratulate myself, my lord," said Mr. Bolton, suavely. "Miss Veronica---" "Is all that is beautiful, and virtuous, and praiseworthy. No doubt, no doubt! I do- not yield even to you in my admiration for her, and it is well known that you make a fool of yourself over the girl, and think her perfect--" "I accept the word, my lord. Miss Veronica is —perfect. And it is your intention—" "To leave her Wayneford and my private fortune. Talbot will have the . title and the estates, and they should be sufficient for him; • though I doubt whether they will be." He paused significantly. The Earl was not fond of his nephew. "It was enough for me--" "Your lordship and Mr. Talbot Denby are two different persons," remarked the lawyen. "Thanks, Bolton," retorted the Earl with grim sarcasm. "I have no quarrel with my nephew, but I do not think there is much love last between us." "Mr. Talbot is a most estimable young man. He is making a name for himself; is already beginning to loom somewhat largely in the public eye." "He is welcome to loom as largely as he pleases, and I hope the public enjoy the looming. But I am not desirous of discussing Talbot's virtues and manifold talents. We were speaking of Veronica. I *ill ask you to draw up a will which will give her my fortune and Wayneford. On one condition—that she marry a man of rank."

Mr. Bolton pursed his lips. is proud, my lord." • 'I count oh her pride. I cannot rely on it altogether. Bolton, you know there is a bad strain in her blood. My brother married beneath him. Her mother was—" "A most respectable young woman." "I take your word for it. I never saw her." "A worthy young lady, though of inferior rank to your brother. After all, it is not the first time a man has married beneath him." It was a truism ef the most obvious kind; but Its effect upon the Earl was peculiar. His hand dropped from his head, a faint colour rose to his white face, and a gleam—an angry suspicious gleam—shot from the dark eyes, and the black brows above them drew together in a frown; but these signs of emotion passed as quickly as they had come and gave place to the, usual cynical smile as fie said: "Quite so, quite so. But the fact remains tpat the strain is there, and therefore I must guard against it. With my money goes Wayneford Park. It was my mother's. If I care for any place on earth, I care for Wayneford. Veronica will reign there. Ido not propose that some upstart commoner shall reign beside her. -I would rather the money and the Park went to Talbot. After all, as I said, it is a simple condition. We can put it to her. If she should accept it, well and. good; if not--" He made a little gesture with his hand and leant back as if the argument were fleshed. "We may as well ask her now, Bolton." The lawyer shrugged his shoulders. "As well now as at any other time, my lord," he said. The Earl touched the bell beside his chair, a footman entered noiselessly—all noises were strictly barred at Lynne Court—and his lordship bade him ask if Miss Denby would be kind enough to come to the library. After a few minutes the door was opened by the footman to admit the young girl of whom the dwo men had been speaking. As she entered the magnificent library the light from the fire—there were fires at Lynne Court summer and winter, for the Earl 'was always chilly—mingled with the sunlight and illumined her face, so that she looked like a vision of maidenhood at its freshest and sweetest against the dull background of ebony mouldings and inorocco-hound volumes. Descriptions of women's looks are always inadequate and often misleading; and it is difficult to explain wherein lay the charm of Veronica's face—the charm which made itself fAt by all who looked of-Ofer. Her eyes were grey, the Lynborough grey which not seldom Lecama violet; the brows ' above them were dark and straight, like those of the family pertraits ; the mouth was by no means small, but bewitch- ing,with curves which would have indicated more than the usual feminine temlerness especially when she smiled, if it had not been for the pride which lurked at the corners of the mobile lips, ahono in the depths of the wonderful eyes, end revealed itself in the poise of the shapely head. Can one sum up all this with one word— beautiful? "You sent for me Lord Lynborough The Earl rose—Air. Bolton had sprung to his feet as she entered—and the girl stood erect, the taper fingers of 0110 hand resting on the table,

'Miss Veronica

and looked calmly, almost regally, from one to the other. ,

"Yea yes, Veronica," said his lordship. "Will you sit ?" Mr. Bolton brought a chair for her, and she sank into it, gracefully, easefully, with that self- possession of movement which we think, rightly or wrongly, is the exclusive gift of the highly bred, and waited calmly and serenely. "Veronica, I am going to leave you Wayneford and a sum of money—all I'm worth, in fact." The girl did not start, did not utter a word for a time; a faint, a very faint, colour came to her face, and as faint a surprise shone in the beautiful eyes.

"But why---? she said at last, softly- wonderingly. "Why do I leave it to you? Well, I might say because it pleases me; but let me rather say because you please me. Wait "—for she had opened her lips as if to speak again—"wait before you express your thanks, my dear Veronica. There is a condition—there is always a fly in the amber, you know. I think it a simple one, but Mr. Bolton does not agree with me. We shall see which of us you side with. It is that you marry a man of rank." She was silent, but her eyes rested on his. They were expressive, and they displayed curiosity, but no surprise:_. _

"You' think the Condition an absurd one? Good! I will not contradict you. Call it a whim of mine. The fact is here, sound and substantial. Marry a man of rank, include the baronetcy—and Wayneford and my money are yours; that is the condition. It is yours to accept or refuse." She was still perfectly self-possessed, but the colour had come and gone in her face, and she was frowning -slightly. She was silent for a moment or two—to Mr. Bolton, on the strain, it seemed quite a long time—then she said in a low voice, and almost as if she were communing with herself rather than answering the Earl: " Wiyneford--rich. I should be very rich ?* • "So Mr. Bolton says; and he knows," said the Earl in a murmur, as if he were anxious not to break in upon her meditation. • "When I came here," she went on, in a still lower voice, "I did not know what rank, society meant. I had been poor; there was scarcely enough money when my father died to—to—bury him. The Earl's hands closed on the arms of the chair' and his lips twitched. "I did not know, did not understand, nil they meant. I know now. I am a Denby; your niece, Lord Lynborough:--" _ .

The Earl mo-ved his 'head in courteous'acknow- ledgment. • "I belong•to a noble race—is that the way they put it? I had one frock when I came; yesterday my maid said she must have another room for my clothes, there are so many. I have a carriage, horses of my own, servants to wait upon me, friends of my own class—l used to make a friend of the girl v .}:o waited on us at our. lodgings !—everything I can wish for. But I must give up this, all this, unless--" She paused. The eyes of the two men were fixed upon her—the lawyer's with intense interest, the Earl's with cynical scrutiny. "Unless I consent to this condition? But— but you are not ill, Lord Lynborough, you will not die!" Her voice broke.

"Any moment, I assure you; at least, Dr. Thorne assures me."

Her beautiful eyes grew softer, and her lips quivered. "Oh, I hope not. You—you have been very good to me." "You have been very good to me, my dear," he retorted, with a mile. "You have taken the place of a-- daughter." She gazed at the fire for a moment or two, then she turned her glorious eyes upon him. "Why are you so proud?" she said, in a low voice.

The Earl laughed sardonically. "I'm no prouder than you!" he retorted. "Come, Veronica, you know that I couldn't hold a candle to you in that respect. Oh, oh' no denial! I have watched you! The family fault—it is a fault, isn't it, Bolton ?—runs through you. I've no son of my own." His voice faltered, but only for one instant, the next it was as hard and unemotional as usual. "I don't take a very great interest in my nephew Talbot. I want Wayneford—it was my mother's—to have a proper, suitable master. In fact, my dear Veronica, lam the victim of sentiment. You 'shall have a day to consider." She moved her hand, in a gesture so like the Earl's that the old lawyer was struck by it. "Thank you, I will decide now," she said. "I have a good memory. Mr. Bolton "—she turned to him with a smile-9 know what poverty means. Poverty is a crime. I saw my father die—" Her eyes tilled with tears, her lips quivered. "I know what wealth means. After all, I need never marry--" her voice died away, her eyes grew meditative. "You decide then ? " said the Earl, almost sharply. Line turned her eyes on him and drew her slim, graceful form erect. "I have decided, my lord," she said. "I will abide by the condition. "Good!" exclaimed the Earl, gently. "We will not trouble you any further, Veronica." Mr. Bolton moved towards the door, but the Earl was nearer and opened it for her, and, with a slight inclination of her shapely head, she passed out. And, even to the old and blasé lawyer, something of the sunlight seemed to have passed. out with her. His lordship got back to his chair and sank into it.

"I knew I could count upon her," he said, with the cynical twist of his thin lips. "Draw up the will, Bolton. I'll sign it to-morrow."

===== 0002601_19070720_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIGHTS RNSERTBD.3

===== 0002601_19070720_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VERDICT OF THE HEART.

BY CHARLES GARVICE,

Author of "Her Heart's Desire," "In Cupid's Chains," "Just a Girl," "Nance," "The Out- cast of the Family," "A Coronet of Shame," dm

===== 0002601_19070720_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER I.

In a rough log hut, which stood just within the shadow of an Australian forest, a woman was 'lying.h lay very peacefully on the bed, with her eyes turned on the window, from which the curtain had been partly drawn so that slit might see for the last time the glittering stars that shone like eves in Heaven; if they were watching and waiting for her departing soul. She was dying very peacefully, though her mind wandered now and again, and a faint smile passed over the white, wan face on which time—the wonderful Engraver !—had traced the lines of a We, and not a long life, of strain and sorrow. Every now and then her lips moved, and a young.man,who was kneeling. beside the bed with . .

• lean:dimmed eyes and tiglitly set lips, caught here and there a word, a phrase, of the 'low and feeble voice.

She was back in the days of her girlhood, in the land of her youth, the land which the exile never forgets, the land to which he returns in moments of exaltation, be they of joy or sorrow; to which his spirit wanders the moment ere it takes its final flight for a better Home even than England. "The primroses—how thick they are this year! And there are daffodils down by the river. He likes me to pick them for him—likes me to put one in his coat. He called me the flower-girl yesterday. It's all wrong; it's all madness, and I know it, I know it! But I can't help it, I can't help loving him. I feel as if I must do just what he says, just what he wants—as if had no will of my own. And I haven't; it's all his, heart, and will, and soul! If he says I must go, I must--" The voice ceased. She turned her eyes to her son; the past faded away and the present came back. She stretched out her hand slowly and laid it on his head.

"Ralph!" she murmured in the wonderful tones which only a mother's love can voice. "I am here, mother," he said, striving to speak steadily and fighting with the sobs that half choked him; for these two loved each other with a surpassing love. "Are you in any pain ? " "No, dear," she replied, "none at all. I just feel tired and as if I wanted to fall asleep. And death is only sleep, Ralph—God's best, last deep sleep. I want to speak to you before I go, Ralph. There's something I want to tell you, something I ought to have told you years ago, as soon as you were able to understand. But it was hard, cruel hard, and I'm a coward, Ralph. I'm not like you, so strong and brave, so ready to face trouble and do the right thing, whatever it costs. I was always a coward, even from the first, and that's -why the trouble came upon me." She sighed heavily, and her hand stole round his strong, sun-burnt neck. "You were always the bravest and best of women, mother," he murmured brokenly. She shook her head. "No, always the weakest," she said, sadly. "I have been dreaming, Ralph, for a little while, been going hack to the past when I was a girl, to the time when—when I was married. I want to tell you about your father. I—l have kept the truth back from you—the whole truth."

"Is it necessary, mother ?" he urged. "Is it necessary that you should harass yourself? My father died before I was born. What does it matter what happened years ago? You and I have been happy together, and the past doesn't concern us any longer." While he had been qpenaing a man, who had come out from the black line pf the forest with a dragging yet stealthy step, slowly approached the hut, and, with a still stealthier step, drew near the window —so near that the light through the curtain, fell upon his remarkably evil countenance. He had the appearance of a particularly all-conditioned tramp. His eyes, set closely together, were bleared, his coarse lips thickened with drink; his hair was short, his chin stubbly, as if they had recently passed under the prison razor. Take him altogether, he was an evil presence to haunt a 'Oman's deathbed. Stealthily he looked rounq the edge of the curtain into the neat, scrupulously clean little room, and his eyes glinted maliciously as they wandered from the face of the woman to the handsome one of the young man who knelt beside her. He looked for a moment—he could only see the young man's face indistinctly—and then cautiously drew behind the curtained portion of the window and listened. • Every word spoken by mother and son was heard by him, though they spoke so quietly. "No, no ! " she said in response to Ralph's remonstrance. "I must tell you. You ought to know; it's my duty, it's owing to you. Ralph, when I was quite _a young

Her voice faded a;vay,-a-look of anxious misery came into her eyes, as if she knew that her mind was going to wander again, and that it might not come back to her. But her efforts were in vain. The present had gone and the past was back again—not the happy past in England, but a miserable and more recent one here in Australia. She was talking to, and mentally cowering before, someone of whom she was afraid.

"Don't, ,oh, don't strike the boy, Jim! He isn't yours, it's true, but he's mine. I've been a true wife to .you; don't be cruel to the boy— to poor little Ralph! I'll give you the money —I can earn some more. There! you can go down to the saloon now. I'll sit up for you. I won't say a word. Don't cry, Ralph, don't cry, dearie ;he won't beat you again. There, there! Come to your mother!" Ralph's face harde.ned, and his teeth clenched. He knew that she was thinking of her second husband. He could scarcely remember.the man; for the brute who had beaten him had deserted his mother when he, Ralph, was a little child. But, though he did not remember his step-father, he hated him with a consuming hatred; and never more than now, when the memory of the vile wretch was darkening the departing moments of his ill-used wife. "Mother!" he cried pleadingly.

His voice recalled her -wandet:itig mind. Siie drew a long breath of relief as if the vision had gone,. but she was still tretnbling. . _ _

"I thought my husband—my second husband, Jim—was back, Ralph, that—that he was beating you as he used to do." "He is not here, mother," said Ralph. "He will not come back; he has been gone for years. He will never trouble you again. Don't think any more about him." "No, no," she assented. "I will put him out of my mind. He was cruel bad to me—and to you. I ought never to have married him—but I was always weak and a coward." Her breath was coming painfully. It was evident that there was not much left in which to reveal the secret which lay like a burden on the fluttering spirit in haste to be gone. . . .

"The p-a,p-ers—the certificates r I've always kept them, kept them secret, kept them from Jim. I've never told him the truth, I've let him think the worst of me; for I knew if he learnt the truth he would want to make money of it, and I promised—! promised I'd never let the world know. I let your father think inc dead. I didn't mind the sacrifice, I wanted to spare him tho shame of being wedded to one so low as me. The certificates, Ralph! They're in the tin box with some of the things he gave me—your "father, Halph. I've hid the box all these years. No one Ints ever seen it but me. It's been hard some- times, for Jim was sharp and cunning; but I succeeded. -Jim never knew—the truth."

Her breath became still more laboured, hcr voice was scarcely audible, and her efforts to leis° it caused the young man an indescribablc anguish. _ _ _ _

"In the box—in the next. room—the box I brought from England—there is a spring under the handle of the drawer—you lift the handle— there is a little knob--"

Her • voice ceased, her eyes closed. Ralph thought she was dead and, forgetting everything in Ills fear, he bent over her and raised her frail form on his broad chest. She was not dead, but she was scarcely breathing, and he reached for Atorne medicine on the table beside the bed and forced some through her lips, and, still oblivious of everything but her condition, ho watched her with breathless agony. . _ _ _ _

The man outside the window- liad heard every word. At the mention of the certificates and the box, his eyes lightened, and his whole face became eager with greed and a kind of wolfish

===== 0002601_19070720_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER IL

! Veronica went up the great staircase to her room; rooms, it should be written, for she had been given a suite in the best position, facing ! south and looking over the Italian garden, and: the park and meadows which stretched beyond. They were palatial rooms, furnished in the latest , mode with all the luxury which practically unlimited wealth could supply. This luxury, this wealth, had at first confused and bewildered her. She had been summoned to it from a . "first-floor front" in Camden Town. But there is nothing to which one so, soon gets accustomed as luxury, and Veronica had grown so used to it that, if she had not quite forgotten the old days of semi-gentility—what a hateful combination of words it is !—the splendour of her surroundings had ceased to impress and oppress her. Now, as she looked round at all the evidences of wealth and position, innumerable in detail and large in the gross, she could not help feeling that they were not transient .but perpetual. Wayneford, whieh she had seen and which had recriled to her a rural palace, and enormous wealth were to be hers on one, and the simplest, condition. She was to marry a man of rank. Well, why not? No woman was more free from small vanities than Veronica, but even she could imagine it as possible that she would be able to comply with the condition. In the circle, the county circle, that revolved rotund Lord Lynborough, its acknowledged centre, there were many men of title—sonic of them of historic title; and most of them had expressed an admira- tion for Miss Veronica Denby, the niece of the Earl of Lynborough. It seemed such an easy condition; she had, so to speak, but to chose. At the thought, the straight brows, the Dent, brows, came together, and she made a little moue of distaste. Girls are supposed to be, always thinking of marriage. Veronica thought of it but 'seldom. No man of the many she had met since she came to the Court had made any imPression on her.' They called her cold; and perhaps she was. Most girls are, until their hearts are warmed by the glance of the man for whom they have been waiting since Time began. Then the snow melts and reveals the flower-gemmed plains beneath, smiling in radiance for his delight. After all, she need not marry; it would be grapd to be the mistress of Wayneford, to be rich, to be a kind of Nirgin queen, a modern Elizabeth. She laughed softly and stretched out her sbapely arms. She need no longer dread the future—and how she had dreaded it !—she was Fccuro against the buffets of fortune. Mistress cf Wayneford Her maid knocked and entered. "Your horse is waiting, miss. Shall I send it back? "No, no, Goodwin," replied Veronica. "Get me quickly into my habit—quickly. I am longing for a gallop.' In a very few minutes she was downstairs and mounted, and with a light but firm touch was holding the bigh-snirited mare in hand. As she inissea up the avenue she heard the sound of wheels, and looking round saw the great landau driving up to the entrance. Lord Lynborough was going for his daily drive. Half-way down the avenue she put 'ter mare at the low railing and got on to the grass of the park. and the, groom thundered after her. but

===== 0002601_19070720_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
LARGE POSTERS

Plain or in two or more colours, are the most attractive that can be produced, and make a very bold and striking display on Hoardings and Walls.

JOHN WALKER & CO, Bewsey St., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
• •

The Man had turned away, and the Earl looked up at her with his faint, impassive smile. "You seem hard to please, Veronica," he said, wearily. "If the fellow's too proud to accept money-" He shrugged his shoulders. "He asked for work, employment, nt,o; money, my lord," she said.

• -"Call'that fellow back, Grimes," said his lord- ship, in exactly the same tone. The footman called "Hi ! " and the young man looked over his shoulder, hesitated, then came back with obvious reluctance.

"You want a situation as gamekeeper, my man?" said his lordship. The young fellow nodded. "I do, sir.' "It's his lordship, the Earl," whispered the footman, warningly. 3o to my head keeper; tell him I sent you. you know your work and possess a good character— Where do you come from? What your name ? " "Australia. My name is Ralph Farringdon," was the reply. The Earl's brows grew straight —Veronica's had been straight all through the scene—the two looked singularly alike at that moment—and he scanned the sunburnt face with another flash of his black eyes: "Go to the keeper," he said, and signed to Mathews to drive on. The young man raised his hat. "Thank you, my lord," he said, gravely. Then he looked up at Veronica with a swift and eloquent glance of gratitude; but Veronica, sitting bolt upright on her horse, gazed straight before her, and made no acknowledgment. Perhaps she thought that there had been quite enough fuss over the man, prompt and plucky though he had proved himself to be.

As she gathered up the reins she saw a spot of red on her left gauntlet. It was blood. For a moment she thought that, after all, the puppy had been hurt—then the truth flashed upon her; she remembered that she had felt one of the mare's fore-feet strike something as the young fellow had darted for the puppy. He had been hurt in body, 'perhaps badly,-in his humane and successful attempt to save the dog, and had been butt in spirit, still more badly, by the Earl's offer of money. She looked at the red spot and then at the tall, graceful figure striding across the moor with the puppy still in his arms and the dog barking in friendly, foolish fashion at his heels. The colour came and went in her face, and her under- lip was caught by the white teeth, as if she longed to ride after him and make some amends. But pride held her back, and with a shrug of her shoulders she rode on.

How should she know„that the shadow of her fate was riding behind her, that the curtain of her life's drama was up, and the tragedy had begun?

===== 0002601_19070720_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
(To be continued.)

REV. F. B. MEYER AND THE FREE CHURCHES. Rev. F. B. Meyer B.A. is now at Northfield in America. Be will return to England next month and after a short trip to Germany will take up special work under the auspices •of the National Council of the Evangelical Free Churches. The applications for his services have been so numerous that it. has been found quite impossible to satisfy them all at present. He is now booked up far ahead for a great many of the Federations and Free Church Councils of England and Wales. Among the places he is fixed to visit are Leicester, Loughborough, Hexham,Liverpool, Leicester- shire Federation, Oxford, Bolton, Macclesfield, Hull, Bradford, Halifax, North Nancashire Federation, Gloucester, Cirencester, Cheltenham, Bristol, Berks, S. Oxon and S. Bucks Federation, Bath, Withernsea, Driffield, Bridlington, Beverley, Goole, Manchester, Chorlton' Eccles, Prestwich, Ashton-under-Lyne,Bootle Warrington, Widnes, Preston, Accrington, Blackburn, Blackpool, Coventry, Newcastle-on-Tyne Shrewsbury Barrow-in-Furness, Cardiff, Derby, 'Southampton, Swansea.

atic Event. Popular Actress cured by Dr.WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS

The Victim of Nerve Troubles, Indigestion and Languor—all other Medicines had proved Useless.

( fit • 4 ,1,1) A Dram ••

===== 0002601_19070720_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
"I'll take them

===== 0002601_19070720_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
&litho' Coni Viet

marry and more. An s under only a

c uI Why E sure 11 and I much feelini fallinE

"I sulkil: "1 1 she sv "Al went yards rustle

swiftl held c "01 He instar deseri _ "If

He "Ai to se End. 6°l-net "NV

"Jr in 114 surpr "B "01 hand- aCarel

"I he sa to be "N

4,5 every

‘,l Miss Past want( Th 'when

He an efl and Thi thadi

ttp day i Over decid good the g

===== 0002601_19070720_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. 3

===== 0002601_19070720_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
SYLVIA'S DIAMOND RING.

Dv JOHN K. LEYS,

Author of "Mr. Miniver's Marriage," "The Spy's Confession," "An After-thought," "A Maiden's Victory," "In the Grey of the Dawning," etc.

"I am very sorry, Tom—very sorry, but I can't marry you. I'm sure I've told you that before, and I do hope you won't worry me about it any more." An appealing glance from Tom's brown eyes under the brim of his soft wideawake was the only answer. •"I can't think what makes you so persistent. Why should you want to be married at all? I'm sure Mrs. Aikman makes you very comfortable; and I think life would be so much easier, so much more free of distracting thoughts and feelings, •if people were not always thinking of falling in love." "I wish you were more like other girls," Tom said, with a sigh. "What do you mean by that?" asked Sylvia, flushing and drawing herself upright. "Well, if you were not so bright and sweet- looking--" The girl stopped short in the grassy lane and • stamped her foot. The flush in her face deepened. !'istow, you know I hate to be flattered--" "I wasn't flattering you," Tom said, half • sulkily. But she would not be appeased. "I think I can find my way home by myself," she said, stiffly. "4tH right—good-night," said Tom, and he went off whistling. But before he had gone fifty yards he heard the patter of light feet and a rustle as of dove's wings behind him. He turned swiftly, and there was Sylvia, her little hands held out before her, as if in supplication. "Oh, Tom, I am so sorry I vexed you!" He took her hands, but held them only an instant, murmuring something about having • deserved all she had said. - "If you only wouldn't ask me to marry you, Tom," sho said, as she walked by his side; for of course he was walking back with her. "You see, I can't very well leave aunt." "There are heaps of bedrooms at the Grange, • Cylvia--" he began, but she cut him short. "Now, don't, Tom!" she pleaded. He sighed acquiescence. • "And there are heaps of other reasons. I want • to see something of-life. I am tired of Marsh End. It is all very pretty, but I long to see something different. "What would you do if you had your own Way ? " "‘I should go and live in London," she answered, Promptly. "In London ?*1 he exclaimed. If she had said in Pekin he could scarcely have shewn more surprise. "Yes, in London. Why not ?". "But what would you do there ? " "Oh, I should learn typewriting and short- hand—or perhaps--" She paused, as if she scarcely liked to utter her thoughts. "I am glad you don't think of being a nurse," he said, grately. "I think only old women ought to be nurses." "No; but if I had quite my own way I should like to go on the stage." Tom said nothing. He could not think of any- thing that would adequately express his feelings Without offending her too much. "-q suppose you think I am very dreadful ? " - "Well—if I were you I wouldn't speak of it to everyone." "I suppose you are right. Mrs. Payne, and Miss Martin, and all the rest would think I was Past praying for if I were to tell them that I Wanted to be an actress." They were now close to Hawthorn Cottage, Where Sylvia lived with her aunt, Miss Penelope Alarrable. Tom stopped and held out his hand. "Won't you come in ?" she said, in a tone that meant must say it, but I hope you won't." He hesitated, and then, mastering himself with an effort, he shook his head, said 'Good-night," and Its gone. The girl stood looking after him. His broad, Inanly figure bulked large among the twilight ahadows. "Poor Tom !" she sighed, softly. "But some day he will meet some nice girl--" She ran over in her mind the names of her girl friends, decided hastily that none of them were quite good enough for him, and then went slowly up the garden path. A man's voice in the little parlour startled her, and she went in wondering who it could be. A tall figure—it was too dark in the little, low- eeilinged room for her to see his face—rose and bowed to her, and she noticed at the moment that his action was free from the slightest stiffness or awkwardness. He bowed as easily and naturally as another man would say good- morning. She knew at once that the stranger Was not a common man. "This gentleman wishes to take our first floor for a few weeks, my dear," said Miss Marrable, in her thin, wavering voice. "But lam not sure Whether we could manage it." • "Oh, I think perhaps we might," said Sylvia. The stratwer turned on her a look at once admiring and grateful, and somehow the girl understood what it meant, in spite of the growing 'darkness. "We have often spoken of letting some of the rooms in summer," said Sylvia, turning to the stranger "for the house is really larger than me require, we have never done it. But I doubt Whether we could make you comfortable. Lizzie, 'our maid of all work, is a good girl, but an indifferent cook." The gentleman's face fell, but just then Lizzie brought in a lighted lamp, and the soft radiance falling on the two ladies, he saw a little, thin, bent, white-faced woman in a high-backed chair, and opposite him a slim, dark-skinned girl, with sPeaking dark eyes, cheeks that flushed under _the olive skin, and lips that glowed like rubies. What did Ferdinand Hartford, actor and lover Of the beautiful, care just then for the prospect Of a series of badly-cooked dinners? "Oh, anything will do for me," he said, with •Zt_n engaging smile. "I am nothing of an epicure. What I need is rest—perfect rest amid congenial surroundings. I have been working rather hard— Perhaps a little wee bit too hard—and the doctor told me I must recruit." Sylvia would have liked to ask the nature of the work that had been so exhausting, but of course it would never have done to ask questions of so gentlemanly a man. The all-important but somewhat delicate subject of terms was barely touched upon, but the sum voluntarily offered by Mr. Hartford was so liberal that all lingering Iloubt in Miss Marrable's mind as to the wisdom 'of letting her best rooms to a stranger, who had Possibly heard of the silver teapot she kept beneath her bed and intended to run off with it, -finally disappeared.

_ For some days the new lodger lived quietly Aenough, giving very little trouble. He spent his time mostly lounging under the shade of the big Cedar tree before the cottage, smoking and reading a novel, or sleeping. The amOunt of 31eep he got through was enormous, but then, lte he explained to Sylvia, he was making up for tn„any sleepless nights during the London season. "Iv they should have been sleepless he did not Precisely state. As Mr. Hartford was at home all day long, Sylvia wag not often out, it was inevitable that they should meet, and that pretty frequently. -they met on the stairs. in the wide . stone-maved

Cheapest because best.

• - , :-..;,- .4,4 ar • - ;42.1:7,W Aln 4-; `l, - .'- '' ''.'4''',ol".W'''A2hTts 0'4,0' • ' '-ttZlocA'••;."-V4n:l4 'ariteifttkvAttAja.:44l/:="`74::?...•:•;:ikrAlVlZC444:el7-4fs44i ••1. "A*Mf'4l%lif'';:Aff.43l.43".:tll-I,:v%::MirAtgaSt.ll,l4,tiiiigt-t14.. if.'fi") • N1:51.411,1i1%,114.::.W14421:16151V-4,VittAYl 1 'Ef ,-,4,..iii.P.q.:;_il -. I%?' i' p %.1 Iffilliai: 11 ;kw 41 tr, -,,t ttit,, -_,'.4r:i S -:.*•4l:ftiff4;iPe'e::teNiege!*.':4,4s;;Flfficelt:o,iigi.--.4'4 .4-iv:!:ic.x.A. 7 •,-.: :,;i.... ..., -4.- 6*:,,:iitiAtaliti:64. ...,,:Avitznji:P-IsteaLigartg.,-.4;:eit,t4,,mvziv,Ox;nt, , ...

===== 0002601_19070720_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
The Exam:

ran, in tne noneysncrue Dower Welt was cat._.. the porch, and in the little orchard behind the cottage, where the apples were ripening. At first their conversation was confined to the objectEi immediately around them the harvest, tne progress of the fruit, the swarming of a neigh- bour's bees, and so on. But before long their talk began to acquire a more personal tone, and to Sylvia's surprise she found herself saying to this stranger what she would never have dreamt of telling to her nearest relations. Shyly, yet with a simple pride that became her well, she told him of her secret longing to escape from the round of tiresome duties and insipid pleasures that made up her life at Hawthorn Cottage. "Of course, I must stay here for auntie's sake," she said, and did not seem to notice Mr. Hartford's Quick "vesture of dissent. "She is getting old now, and needs some one to look atter her."

"There is another side to that," said Mr. Hartford. with a judicial air. "The Question m;ght be asked, Is it fair or right that youi young life, your most precious years,, should le sacrificed to an elderly relative who, at the best, has not many more years to live? That questior might be asked, and circumstances might arisf under which it would demand solution."

Sylvia was silent. She had often said as mut.. to herself, but as often she had put the thought away from her as something unnatural, unholy, and wholly selfish. Now she was beginning to wonder whether her instinct—so she phrased it —had not been right after all. "I have seen many young lives wrecked on that wretched quicksand, he said, thoughtfully. "False unselfishness by which I mean mistaken or useless unselfishness, has to answer for the ruin of more lives than perhaps any other single cause. Of course, by ruin Ido not merelpmean coarse dissipation or the losing of money, which is really what most people mean when they speak of ruin. To my mind a ship is as truly lost, castaway, if she rots in a waveless, slimy harbour, as she would be if she went down in mid-ocean, with the tempest shrieking in the rigging." Sylvia murmured something that meant assent, though she could scarcely have stated clearly what it was she assented to. She would not have admitted that he believed that a life spent in toilsome duty was lost, yet that was the idea she had endorsed.

"I have long wished to go and live in London, and lead my own life---" "And work out your own salvation, as the saying goes," cried Mr. Hartford, turning his large bold eyes full upon hers. "It seems to me that if you bear the call of duty, you ought to obey it. But that is a matter each one must judge for himself." "Yes, you are right," said the girl, with a sigh. "I don't know why I should trouble you with all these thoughts and fancies," she said after a pause.

"Because instinctively you feel that in me you will find sympathy, a full and free sympathy, a sympathy that only experience could beget. Every human heart yearns to tell its secrets to some one, above all to one who will know and understand, even before an audible word is uttered."

This was exactly the kind of talk that uncon- sciously Sylvia had been hungering to hear. She felt lonely no longer, now that she had a friend who understood and sympathised with her. She looked upon. Mr. Hartford as an exceptionally clever and good-hearted person, and the best bred man she had ever been privileged to know. But when one afternoon he told her that he was an actor, one, too (he thought he might say), who had attained some degree of recognition in his profession, she (metaphorically speaking) went down on her knees and worshipped him. She would listen to his talk by the hour together, while Miss Marrable was superintending house- hold matters, doing Sylvia's neglected work, or peacefully dozing in her high-backed chair. But one person at least did not by any means approve of this state of things. That was Sylvia's second cousin, Thomas Blenkinsop, of the? Grange Farm. To think that a stranger, a me._ come from goodness knew where, should be enjoying the privileges he would have given half his fortune to possess simply because hp could afford to take Miss liarrable's two best rooms at two guineas a week, was maddening! It was almost as though the man were married to her, Tom thought to himself, with an eruption of passionate, blind, devouring jealousy, which no one would have believed him capable of. So hot did he feel about it, that he actually went over to Hawthorn Cottage to remonstrate, and, finding Miss Marrable alone, he poured out to her his grievances, and so convinced her of the foolish- ness of admitting a man of whom they knew nothing to a footing of intimacy that he speedily reduced her to tears.

This, of course, made him penitent at once; but the mischief was done, and when the old lady, in explanation of her unhappiness, repeated Tom's words to her niece, Sylvia 's wrath boiled over. It was well for Tom that she did not see him for a day or two, but when they did meet she told him very plainly that she and her aunt felt quite competent to manage their affairs with- out his interference, and that, unless he could behave like a ilentleman, he had better stay away from Hawthorn Cottage for the future. When Tom heard this his face grew very white. He shut his lips tightly and said nothing, and was seen no more at the cottage.

Days went by and weeks, and the happy autumn fields were bare, and still Mr. Hartford lingered on in his comfortable quarters. The fact was that he was in love with Sylvia, but, having a lively sense of the fatal effect marriage with a beautirul girl who had neither influential friends nor current coin would have on his career, he prudently kept silence, and yet was unable to tear himself away from her. In such situations Nature is generally vic- torious' and this case was no exception to the rule. Hartford's passion triumphed over his prudence, and one golden evening, having over- taken Sylvia on her way home by the riverside, he confessed his love and asked her to marry him.

The low tones of his voice sounded in the ears of the country girl like the most delicious music. She was trembling all over with love and happi- ness. From the very first she had looked on the actor as a kind of superior._ being, and had taken the greatest delight in listening to his stories of the stage,. but she had no idea that his feeling for her was more than liking, and the admiration which every son of Adam feels for a:pretty face. Scarcely able to speak, she allowed him to take her into his arms and press lis lips to hers. And so, without a word from he, the compact was sealed.

Next morning the girl awoke with the feeling that some great thing had happened—that some. thing strange, new, and delightful beyond words, had come into her life. Then she remembered, and hid her blushing face in her pillow. To be always' with Fred—he had told her his name was Ferdinand, but that his intimates generally called him Fred—to belongS to him, to share his home, his career, all that he had--to be led by him into that wider, freer life that she had so often longed to enter—could any lot be happier than hors? Her first meeting with her betrothed that day was a new joy. .indeed, her heart so overflowed vith happiness, that she I quite forgave Tom Blenkinsop for his jealous interference, and would have liked him to be as happy as herself. But of course that was impossible. A few days later Hartford put on the finger of his fiande a ring Which he had had sent down to him from London—a plain hoop of gold Set with a very large diamond. It was so large, and sparked so magnificently, that it made the room and the whole cottage look poor and shabby. Sylvia cried out when she saw it, and there was as much reproach as admiration in her tone. "Oh, Fred!" she exclaimed, "you must send this back at once, and ask them to send you down something cheaper. You told me that we should be quite poor—at first, and perhaps even sometimes be in need. of a little ready money. What a shame, then' to spend so much on a ring for me! As if I Could not believe in your loin: without that! And besides, dear, as Mrs. Payne would say, it is wholly unsuitable to my condi- tion.' What would people say if they saw me

'wearing 30 expensive a ri-ng ? "

"It Is not too good for you, darlrng. It is not half good enough for you. And as for sending

A HEALTHY APPETITE.

i\ll the world looks to one little country for dried currants. We in Britain consume no less than 62,000 tons annually,'while other countries use 50,000 tons. The currants now on the market are of a particularly fine quality, and, in view of possible shortage towards the extreme end of the season, housewives are advised to lay in a reserve stock of this most nutritious fruit.

1C INICIC to-ezenange it Tor somettung cneaper, you really imagine I would do anything of the kind ? go, darling, keep it, and when you see it think of me and of my love for you."

More than once Sylvia timidly renewed her request that he would have the ring exchanged., but he finally put a stop to her pleadings by say- ing curtly that West-End jewellers did not understand that sort of thing, so she held her peace and gave herself up to the enjoyment of this the happiest period of her life. The lovers were together all day, and every day, and it was hard to part. But Hartford had to go in order to teep a professional engagement at Liverpool, and, bravely keeping back her tears, the girl saw her lover drive Off to the station. Oh, how blank did the days seem after his departure! How she counted the time till December, when she might hope to see him again! But this was not to be. At the end of Septem- ber he wrote to her to say that he had joined a company on tour in the provinces, and would not return till the spring. This was a sad blow, and it was a week before the girl got over her dis- appointment, and then a new thought came into her mind. She would go to London and learn.to be aniactress ! She could then play in the same pieces as her husband, and help him to earn money. Instead of being a drag on him, as she had ofter feared she would be, she would be a ' positive help to him!

Of course, her aunt cried a great deal at the prospect of losing her, but Sylvia told herself that it would be wrong to allow her aunt's interests to stand in her way. For did she not belong to Fred? Was it not her duty to fit herself to be his companion and fellow-worker? So she steeled her heart against the impulse to stay behind for Aunt Pen's sake. She would not allow herself to think what the old lady would do without her, any more than she would allow herself to doubt the ultimate success of her plan. In a fortnight she had bade good-bye to Haw- thorn Cottage and all her friends. She did not hide her intentions from them, and she listened to their well-meant warnings, sometimes with amusement, sometimes with indignation.

As for Tom Blenkinsop, he took her hand without a word when he bade her good-bye and for this she thanked him in her heart. She liked him too well to be able to bear reproaches from him; and, as she often told herself, he had no right whatever to criticise her movements. But he was her cousin, and she had known him all her life. She might have guessed too, if she had chosen to think of it, that his heart was not yet healed—very far indeed from being healed. And so, for all these reasons, she was glad that he said nothing; "for which," as she put it to herself, "he might have been sorry afterwards." London was very strangle to the country-bred girl. She had one or two introductions, but they were to people who lived in the suburbs and could not be of much use to her. At first she felt bright, full of hope and confidence, and even happy in spite of her loneliness. She spent ten guineas out of her little store in taking lessons from a theatrical agent, who assured her ,that in all probability he would be able to secure a first-class engagement for her when the period of tuition was at an end.

But this hope was doomed to disappointment. The agent could offer her nothing better than an engagement as bliorus7girl at one of the music- halls at fifteen shillings a week, and this was net at all the kind of thing that Sylvia desired. She left the agent in disgust, and tried to. get a situation for herself on her own account. And now she learnt by the hard teaching of ex- pe:-i ence how difficult—how impossible—it is for a friendless girl to gain an entrance to the stage in London, if she wishes to be an actress and not a dancer. She became so accustomed to disap- pointments that they seemed to her the stuff her life was made of, and yet she felt them just as keenly as she had done two months before. Her spirits became permanently depressed; for days together a smile never visited her face. And yet she kept a brave front. to the foe, and went on fighting.

_ It was not merely the failure of her cherished scheme that was tormenting Sylvia, but the pressure of actual want. Being unused to London, she had spent money at first rather more lavishly than she need have done, and the sum she had brought with her—all she had in the world—was almost expended. But how could she write to her aunt, who had little enough of her own, and ask for help, when she left home in opposition to her wishes? There was only one other to whom she could apply, not for money, indeed, but for help in getting her an engagement. Fred could help her, she firmly believed; but she felt a quite invincible repug- nance to confessing her need to him. She tried to make herself believe that this was because, being her lover, she could not ask a favour from him. It would be belittling herself in his eyes. And then she tried to think that she could not apply to him because he was in Edinburgh, and could be of no use to her there. But at the bottom of her heart there was growing up a fear, so blank, so hideous, that she did not dare to face it.

Her Fred's letters were neither so frequent nor so long as they had been three months before. She knew it, and this was the true reason that she would not appeal to him for help, and yet she would not confess it to herself in words. She would not believe it possible. For Fred was the soul of honour, and it was impossible, therefore, that anything but her own wish, or her own fault, could bring about an estrange- ment between them. To suppose that he would throw her over, or that he wished to do so— that they would never meet again—was to suppose the impossible. She clung to her faith in him as she clung to her other beliefs. And, indeed, in those dark days, the poor girl needed all her faith. She had now come quite to the end of her resources. She had even been obliged to sacrifice her silk evening dress, her, watch, and one or two other things, in order to pay her landlady. How her heart hungered for one of those warm, loving letters that used to come for her from Liverpool in the days that now seemed so long ago! But nothing like them came to satisfy the hunger of her heart and cheer her sad spirit. The weekly letters—they were not daily now! —were filled with theatrical gossip or anecdotes of things the writer had seen or heard, with excuses for not making them longer, but of love there was scarcely a shred. Indeed, the girl felt that she ought to write and offer her fiancé his liberty, but she felt that to do that would break her heart in two. She had not the courage.

For some weeks she had kept her beautiful engagement ring stowed away in a safe corner of her desk. It was too splendid for everyday wear. It would make people stare, she thought, to see such a valuable ring on the finger of a girl seeking a theatrical engagement at twenty or five- and-twenty shillings a week. But she would take it out and kiss it sometimes, not without tears, telling herself that at any rate Fred had once loved her. If he had not loved her far above her deserts, how could he have spent so much to give her pleasure, and to prove to her the esteem in which he held her?

But now the time had come when bile had parted with almost everything' of value that she possessed—except the diamond ring. Never, she told herself, would she part with that. She would rather starve!

But one night her long-suffering landlady brought her a bill which could only be paid by the sale or pledging of the ring. It had to be done, but Sylvia determined that she would only borrow a small sum upon it, as little as she could possibly help, and redeem it at the earliest opportunity. Still, in spite of this thought, it was with a very sad heart that she opened her desk, took out the ring, and, after a long, loving look, put it in her pocket.

Then she went down the street to the hateful place—to the place where women pawned their garments and men their tools, that they might have bread to live another day. And to that she had sunk! To that her pride had brought her! Yet she would not confess that she had done a foolish thing—she would not acknowledge that she was beaten.

With a throbbing heart she passed through the swing door and entered a narrow, pen-like box, which had for its fourth side the pawnbroker's counter.

"I lonly want five pounds, please," she said, almost in a whisper, as she laid down the ring. The man took it up, looked at it through a glass, rubbed it upon something, and quietly laid it down, saying: _

_ "It's only paste—give you half-a-crown." Sylvia felt bewildered. "Are—you—sure ? " she faltered.

"Sure? Yes, miss. There, try it for yourself," and he pushed the ring and a bit of glass towards her. .

===== 0002601_19070720_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
er, Saturday, July 20, 1907.

She knew that a real durrnond would scraten lass, but try as she might her ring would make o mark. At the door, as she went out, an old woman begged from her. Sylvia dropped the ring into her hand.

"They say they will give you half-a-crown for it in there," she said, bitterly, and went on without hearing one word of the blessings the Gld Irishwoman heaped upon her head. The lamp was not lit when she reached her room, and she. groped about blindly for a chair. As she did so a man's form rose between her and the window, blocking out the light.

Her heart seemed to stand still. "Is it—is she gasped.

"No, it's me," was the answer.

"Oh, Tom ! " she cried, staggering forward and falling on his breast. "Oh, Tom, take me home I"

"That's what I came for," said Tom, cheer- fully, when she was able to isten to him. "Your Aunt Yen has not been at all well lately. Don't be alarmed, it's nothing serious, but it has been a lonely time for her this winter, and she seems rather depressed about her cottage. It has been sold, and she has to turn out, and I fear it has been worrying her. So you can come? To-night? You forget, there's no train to-night, but I will be here by eight to-morrow morning." Next day they went home together. _ _ _

And now Tom shewed that misfortune had made him 'a wiser man. He ignored the past entirely. Never once did an expression cross his lips from which you could have told that he had ever heard of Sylvia's , engagement, or her unsuccessful attempts to get upon the stage of a London theatre. He assumed that all was to go as though Mr. Ferdinand Hartford had never come to Hawthorn Cottage, and for some months he left the girl alone. And in due time he had his reward. "Tom," whispered Sylvia' "I think you are just awfully good, and that I have treated you badly." "You can make up for it now, my dear," said Tom, cheerfully.

"And I must say this," she said, nervously playing with his buttonhole, "I am afraid that— that—l cannot give you--"

"What? All I deserve?" "Yes—all I should like to give you—all you deserve."

"My darling, I was only joking. You will make me happy enough, never fear. And I mean to make you happy too." Be was as good as his word. Aunt Pen says you have only to look at Sylvia's face, especially when she is with her children, to see that she is happy. But, in spite of the intimate confidence there is between Tom and his wife, there is one thing she has never confided to him—the story of her diamond ring. Mimi END.I I

sound from a return Issued by the Blackpool Education Committee that Warrington stood seventh in sixteen towns in regard to the number of successes, bat it stood fourth in regard to the average number of dis- tinctions,iso that he thought on every possible ground they had ,reason as a committee to be gratified with the results, and that fact had been duly noted and trans- mitted to the teaching staff of the Secondary School as evidence of the committee's satisfaction with what was being done. The next matter might perhaps be some- what controversial in a slight degree. When he had finished with it, he did not think there would be much room for controversy. The committee as a public body was, of course, naturally subject to public criticism. They were the servants of the public, but having been appointed their servants he thought the confidence of the public, at any rate, ought to be extended 0 them unless there was very good reason for withdrawing it. Criticism which was fair and based upon fact they could not resent. They must welcome it. But criticism which was not fair, which was not based upon fact, or which was based upon distorted statement of fact or upon want 'of knowledge of the complete circumstances of the case, they did not exactly welcome but they were rather inclined to resent it, and be thought justly so. In dealing with the question of the appoint- ment of master of the School of Art, he would briefly refer to the fact that the school had a history—a history, so far as the past was concerned, of which any town might well be proud. He remembered the time when Warrington and Nottingham stood at the head of the Schools of Art of the United Kingdom as the two first schools in the country. He remembered the fact too when in one year no less than twenty-four or twenty-five medals were obtained by students in national competition. For a long period theireputation of the school was maintained up to a very high stan- dard. He regretted to say, and it was within the know- ledge of every gentleman present, that that had not been the case during recent years. He had only to refer to a very few figures to prove what he had stated. He found in 1902-3 there were 231 students in theschool,3l4 examination papers were worked, and they obtained a very fair proportion of passes. The number of pupils in 1906-7 had fallen to 91 and the number submitted for examination to 67. The results were not yet received. But that was not the most important elementin attempt- ing to putbefore the Committee the deplorable condition , —he used the worn advisedly—into which the school had fallen.ln the year 1902-3 they submitted for examination pupils in eighteen subjects; in 1906-7 the number of subjects taken in examinations was only seven—a con- ditioti unprecedented,he thought he might venture to say lin the history of the school. What wasmore important ' still, for the first time, he thought in the history of the school, or at any rate in recent years, not one solitary student was submitted for examination in design—a subject which the•committee would appreciate was of extreme importance in a manufacturing town. He was mentioning that, because he wanted the committee to appreciate how very responsible the School Manage- . ment Committee felt their position to be at the present time. They felt that they had reached a crisis in the history of the school and that if ever it was incumbent upon the committee to select not a man who could just satisfy the minimum requirements of the Board of Education but the very best man which the emoluments they offered would secure for them, now was the time to secure that man. He would remind the Committee that unless the school could be made of substantial use in applying the teaching of art to certain industries of the town, it was of preciou little use to them as a mercantile and manufacturing community. Therefore it was absolutely essential that on that account they should have the very best man possessing the highest qualifications for the teactiing of applied art. The Committee had nothing to conceal. Everything they had done was absolutely of an impersonal and public character. He did not believe in waiting for questions to be asked; he thought it was beat to give the full chapter and verse to start with, because it might happen, and he hoped it would, that if any gentleman had come there with an impression that anything had been done of an unjust character, thatany pertional question had been allowed to enter into the settlement of the matter, or that anything had been done calculated to be prejudicial to the interests of the school, that • after he had heard' what he (Mr. Roberts) had to say, he would have his doubts removed on every one of those points. The committee decided to advertise for a headmaster and fixed the remuneration at £225 with other terms and conditions as set out in the resolution. In response to the advertisement, the Committee received sixty applicatio is. On June 13th a meeting was held, and before a siugle application was considered, it was deemed advisable to set up a standard of qualifi- cation below which no application should be considered. In order to do that Mr. Murray was asked if the Board of Education had any recommendations to make upon the question, and he referred to a regulation which was found in paragraph 46 of the Board's regulations. ,IThese were the regulations in regard to which grants I were given by the Board of Education for successes in art. The paragraph read: "There must be a principal teacher holding the full associateship of the Royal College of Art, an art master's certificate (group 1) or, in excel.tional circumstances, such special qualifications as the Board may recognize." 'The committee decided that they would accept that isuggestion of the Board of Education as the standard ibelow which they would not consider any application. That was to say, that such condidates as did not possess the full associateship of the Royal College of Art and the art master's certificate (group 1) would be left out of the competition. It was quite true that the Board said further "or in exceptional circumstances, such seertial qualification as the Board may recognize." They understood that to mean that in the case of small or comparatively poor districts where it was impossible to pay a man of the standing who would be con- sidered by the Board as the most eligible man for the headmaster's position, a man who possessed certain minor qualifications would be accepted by the Board for an inferior position of that kind. That was one interpretation. The other was that if they as a committee were satisfied to take a man as headmaster who could just satisfy the minimum requirements of the Board of Education in regard to his qualifications, they might have done so. He took it however, that if the Committee, having had the oppor- tunity of obtaining a man or a number of men who fully complied with the highest qualifications required by the Board of Education, and being in a position to pay for such a man, contented themselves with accepts ing a man who could just scrape through with the minimum qualification, the committee would fail in its duty to the institution and to the people of Warrington. They uranimously decided to stick to the maximum required by the Board of Education. That condition left out of the competition 37 candidates, so that 23 remainel Those 23 candidates possessed qualifications very much higher than those of a gentleman whose name he did nor wish to refer to and in regard to whom he did not wish to say a single word in depre- cation of his position or qualifications. But everyone of those 23 held a higher position in art and higher qualifications than the gentleman to whom it was considered an injustice had been done by the action of the Committee. Having got 23 who complied with the conditions. the Committee proceeded to raise the standard higher still and sbv constantly raising it they reduced the number to eight. They thought then they had eight men of eminent qualifications, whom they seold not reduce further without a personal interview. Those eight appeared before the Committee, and in spite of the fact that one controversialist stated that he knew one of the eight who had said that if ho had been selected, knowing the circumstances of the ease be would not have stood in the way of Mr. Pendlebury he (Mr. Roberts) could only tell the Committee that every candidate was asked why he wanted to come and when be could come if he were apppinted,and everyone of them expressed his extreme desire to come mainly because the salary was a very tempting one, and the field of labour was exceedingly important, and it would he a decided advance in his position as an art teacher. He (Mr. Roberts) asked the Committee to take with a considerable amount of salt any suggestion that any one of the eight would have hesitated even for five seconds in accepting the appointment if he had had the oppor- tunity of taking it. The Committee saw the candidates, and so impressed were they with the manner, the personality and the evident ability of Mr. Mawson that no second vote was taken, and he was unanimously and immediately appointed to the position, subject to the approval of the Education Committee. Mr. Mawson's qualifications consisted first of all of the fact that he was an associate of the Royal College of Art and held an art master's certificate in the following groups :-1, 2 and 6. and parts of 3 and 4. Asa master in training he received five years training. He was appointed in the first instance for two years, and so satisfied was the department with his work that the period was renewed for a further two years and later for an additional year, making five years—a most exceptional case. He possessed nine medals and had had experience as head- master at Swindon from 1900-05 and at Shipley from 1905 to date. He was commissioned to visit and report on art education exhibits at the Paris exhibition in 1900 by the Board of Education. He was senior instructor in elementary art at the Royal College of Art for one veer of his training and was also special instructor for design and modelling for the London School Board for One year. The latter qualification was extremely valuable from the point of view he enunciated a few moments ago, of applying the School of Art in its usefulness to certain industries in Warrineton for not only had Mr. Mawson technical training, but work. shop training as well. If they liked, he (Mr. Roberts) would give them on the other side the qualifications of the gentleman whose cause had been espoused so ardently and he (Mr. Roberts)thought ill-advisedlv,in one of the local newspapers, hut he thought it would be unkind in the extreme, after having given them the qualifications Mr. Mawson possessed, to refer to the difference between his qualifications and those of the gentleman who was said to have been done a gross injustice to and whose claims were advocated, not on the ground of the interests of the community and of making the school of usefulness in the trades of the town, but absolutely and entirely on personal grounds. As a public duty hi(Mr. Roberts) had no hesitation in asking them to support the corn mittee in the appointment. He had taken a very great interest. in the School of Art ever since he was a student at it. He knew its needs perhaps as well as most men and he knew also tha very important fact that there was not a single industry in Warrington to-day that was the better at the moment for having the School of Art in their midst. That was not as it should be and the sooner the committee were alive to the fact that they

had the means, the opportunity and suitable buildings and equipment to make the school of real use to the industries of the town, the sooner would they realise the full extent of the duty that devolved upon them in making appointments similar to the one he now sub- mitted for confirmation. He asked them to put aside every other consideration than the one, and to give the committee credit for having veryseriously and carefully come to the decision to recommend Mr. Mawson on the very bost and highest possible grounds. Father WILSON seconded the adoption of the minutes. _ THE DISCUSSION. _

The Rev. J. DAVIES drew attention to the fact that • the School Management Committee as a whole and not a 'special sub-committee, made the selection. Mr. PLINSTOS said he had followed the extremely good statement made by Mr. Roberts, and he thanked hi m personally for having given an explanation which he (Mr. Plinston) thought would be highly satisfactory to every member of the committee. Many difficulties might be removed if they had explanations given when minutes were proposed. A statement had been made that Mi. Pendlebury's qualifications were not sufficiently stated before the Committee and if it, was true that anything was held back which would interfere with the thorough appreciation •of his qualifications, then there was 'unfairness. Mr. Roberts had made it quite clear that the selected candidates were first rate men, and more particularly did that apply to Mr. , Mawson. It was said that a statement was made by the ' Director that Mr. Pendlebury had not qualifications according to the Board of Education requirements and that Mr. Pendlebury wrote to the Board and received a reply that be did possess the necessary qualifications. tie would like that point to be made perfectly clear, so that they could understand that nothing had been done to make it impossible for Mr. Pendlebury to have received due consideration. Mr, ROBERTS said there was not a vestige of truth in the suggestion that anything was kept back from the Committee or that the Director made any such answer as had been mentioned. The whole of the applications were on the table and before one of them was considered the standard of qualification was fixed by the Cora rnittee without regard to anybody and it was fixed on the Board of Education's own regulation 46. All that Mr. Murray had to do was to assist the Committee in eliminating from the GO applicants all the candidates who did not possess qualifications according to the standard fixed by the Committee. -

Mr. PLINSTON --ita-Wif the Committee raised the qualification standard above that stated in the advertisement.

Mr. ROBERTS : We did not 8, any standard in the advertisement. We fixed it after we had got the applications.

CouncillorDr.JosEmi asked whether any regard was made of Air. Pendlebury's position as assistant master. It Was usual to give some consideration to a present master, even though he might occupy a subordinate position. He (Dr. Joseph) had no feeling iu the matter, and be endorsed what Mr. Plinston had said as to Mr. Roberts' able and lucid explanation. Might not the" excep- tional circumstances" mentioned in the regulations. mean the position Mr. Pendlebury held as examiner at the Kensington School of Art under the Board of Education?

Mr. JOLLEY said there might be some difference of opinion on the question of tile art mastership, but there was one point on which he hoped they were all unani- mous, and that was in the desire to convey to the head- master and staff of the Secondary School their warmest acknowledgments of the splendid results of the pupil teachers' examination. They cordially congratulated Mr. Robson and the staff. He (Mr. Jolley) thought. they were beginning to see some of the fruits of the spade work they had been doing for several years past. Councillor WILKINSON said probably most of the members of the committee would remember the position he took up some yearn ago with reference to the School of Art declining. He used every power to get a good assistant aipointed and Mr. Pendlebury was chosen for the post. His .(Councillor Wilkinson's) feelings would be in favour of Mr. Pendlebury being promoted, but he maintained that when a post was advertised and they received applications from various people, they showld consider them with an open mind. Mr. UNSWORTH : I rise to a point of order. There is no amendment before the committee and I don't know why we are discussing the matter. The CH AIRMAN : He is speaking to the minutes. Councillor WILINSON : The experience I have had in this room should be sufficient to show Mr. Unsworth that I don't often stray from the point. (Laughter). Continuing, he said the Committee should appoint the best man they possibly could to lift up the standard of education in tile school to what it was in days gone by. He thought the qualifications of Mr. Pendlebury might be submitted, as when the meeting was over some mysterious individual would perhaps say something had been held back. There had been nothing held back. Mr. Pendlebury was ruled out along with many more because he did not answer to the requirements of the Board of Education.

Alderman MINION congratulated Mr. Roberts on the I very able manner in which he had laid the matter before , the committee. He (Mr. Roberts) was usually a fighter but he had stated the case in an excellent and gentle way, without feeling and with great fairness. It was not necessary to convince many members of the com- mittee of the justice of the decision. What they wanted to allay was the feeling outside that something had been done which was unfair to one or more of the candidates. He thought everyone would-admit that, so far as they were able to judge, the matter had been liis- cussed and settled wholly on its merits. He knew very little of the matter personally. Some people had been at great pains to send him as much information as they could, for which he was very thankful —(laughter)— I because, if there had been an injustice he would have been only too feady to help to right it. Some people i had gone so far as to say that there was a set delibera- tion on the part of the committee to place the standard: so high and the mesh so wide that certain candidates must go through the net. After hearing Mr. 'Roberts' , explanation, he thought there would be no question on , that point. The only interests considered had been those of the students, of the school,and of the borough. Although he (Alderman Tinnion) came to the meeting, with an open mind, he thought it was now fairly well I closed with regard to the matter. There had really ; been nothing said on the other side and the grievance seemed to be imaginary. It ought to be clearly-stated —he had heard it from the Director and others— that I Mr: Pendlebury in his position as assistant master had had given absolute satisfaction. Some people thought t an injustice had been done, but on the other hand be understood the committee fully recognized the very good work which Mr. Pendlebury had done as assistant master. There was no attempt to disparage his work but in the opinion of the committee the headship would be better filled by a man possessing Mr. Mawson's qualifications. Mr. ROBERTS said that in reply to Dr. Joseph, all that could be said on Mr. Pendlebnry's behalf was present to the minds of the committee when the selec- tion was made. If the committee had put aside the very keen sense of duty they all felt, brought about first by the condition of the school and secondly by a keen appreciation of its proper relationship to the town and had been willing to recommend for appoint- ment: a gentleman who could have satisfied the minimum requirements of the Board of Education, they could have recommended Mr. Pendlebury. They, how- ever, felt that their duty was very much mere important than that and that they were bound in the interests of Vie town and of the school to get the very best man available for the money they could offer. They believed they bad got that man. In answer to Councillor Wil- kinson. he was quite willing to hand to the committee for their consideration the comparative qualifications of Mr. Mawson and Mr. Pendlebury, hut he did not, think it was desirable in the interests of the school and certainly not in the interests of Mr. Pendlebury, to publish them.

The CHAIRNIAN said tbe,committee tried to get the best ability the market offered, and that was in the interests of the town, of the school, and of art in Warrington.

- • DEFECTIVE CHILDREN. The communications from the Board of Education as to the presence of several mentally defeltive children at the Latchford R.C. School—which were referred to this committee by the School Management Committee —were considered at a meeting of the School Attend- ance Committee, and, from the information submitted, it appeared that only in two cases were the children unfit for attendance at a public elementary school, and that these would be excluded from the school. Tnstrtic- sions were given for the School Management Committe( to he notified accordingly. ,The minutes of the committee were approved, o, the motion of Councillor ELLisos, seconded by M' PLINSTON.

• SITES AND BUILINNGS COMMITTEE, THE BOLTON SCHOOL. At a meeting held on the 12th July, it was noted that the approval of the Board of Education had been received to the proposed alteration of the western boundary of the site for the Bolted Council School. A letter was submitted from the architects for the school, forwarding an estimate of the extra cost that would be incurred in consequence of the alteration to the western boundary of the site and also of the amend- ment of the drainage scheme. Consideration of the use to be made of the extra strip of land provided b 3 the first mentionel alteration was deferred, and it was resolved that authority be given for the amended drain- age scheme to be oirried out, the additional cost n,A to exceed\C9o Bs. 44.

THE BEAMONT SCHOOL. A statement of accounts having been submitted by the architects 'for the Beamont Council school, it was resolved: (a) That the clerk of works be asked to furnish the committee with a report upon the work ; and (b) that a sub-committee, consisting' of Councillor Lord, Conncillor Wilkinson and Mr. George Walker, be appointed to visit the school prior to its being taken over from the architects and the contractor. The minutes were approved, on the motion of Mr. FAIRCLOUGH, seconded by Mr. WALKER.

e m r.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
WAkRINGTON EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

THE APPOINTMENT OF ART MASTER.

Mr. Pendiebury's Position.

The monthly meeting of the Education Committee was held at the Town Hall on Monday evening under the presidency of Councillor J. Fulton-Smith. There were also present :—Aldermen Bennett and Tinnion, Coun- cillors Ellison, Dr. Joseph, Sankey, Nield, Evans, Clegg. Ball, Dickinson, Wilkinson, Pemberton, Lord, Barton, Revs. J. Yonge, J. Davies and N. Wilson, Messrs. H. Roberts, A. .1. Jolley, R. T. Fairolough, C. S. Burgess, H. Kingdon, E. Plinston, T. P. Bradslaw, C. E. Parker, C. H. Unsworth, G. Walker, J. Moore Murray (director of education), and J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer).

===== 0002601_19070720_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL KEEPERS' WAGES.

The resolution of the Education .C-o-Miratee at their meeting on the 17th June, 3907, adopted on the. motion (after due notice) of Mr. T. P. BRADSHAM, directing this committee to arrange for the payment of the weekly wages of the school-keepers on Fridays instead of on Mondays as at present, was considered by the Finance Committee, and it was resolved that notice be given to each of the school-keepers that, pursuant to the motion of Mr. T. P. Bradshaw and the resolution of the Education Committee, the last payment of weekly wages under the present system will be made on Monday, the 22nd July, 1907, a payment of three- sevenths of a week's wages being made on Friday, the Nth July, and of a week's wages on each Friday there- after.

Mr. JOLLEY moved and Councillor SANKBY seconded the adoption of the minutes. Mr. BRADSHAM said that seeing that the school keepers' work commenced on Monday and finished on Sunday, he thought if the wages had to be apportioned they were entitled to four-sevenths before the new arrangement came into force. Mr. PLINSTON said Mr. Jolley might give information which would obviate the necessity for moving an amendment.

Mr. JOLLEY : I have nothing to reply to. Mr. BRADSHAW : If there is no reply I move that the minute be referred back. Mr. PLINSTON seconded with a view to trying to get an explanation.

FaCuer WILSON said that persons outside the com- mittee who were interested in the matter thought there was need for an explanation. He could not understand the resolution himself and should support the amend- ment if no explanation was given. The Rev. JOHN YONGE : May we have this explana- tion before we are asked to vote? Councillor NIELD : I suggest tbat by straining a point the payment might be made five-sevenths. If they are paid on Friday, it should strictly and logically speaking be five-sevenths. Certainly it ought to be four-sevenths.

Mr. JOLLEY said it was somewhat difficult for him to deal with the question in view of the extremely personal nature of the attack made upon him at the last meeting. He could only say that the resolution was the decision of the Finance Committee in accordance with what he told the members at the last meeting. They were bound to comply with the regulations of the Local Government Board as well as with the wishes of the members of the committee. They were not allowed to make payments in advance, which was wh: t the proposer and seconder of the resolution at the last meeting wanted, only they would not say so (Mr. Plinston : Ne, nct). The decision was strictly in accordance with the Education Com- rnittee's resolution. If they were going. to make pay- 'ments they must have a list of the recipients prepared and that list would have to be cheBked by the Borough Treasurer's department. They conid not do all that at the last minute and the course suggested was a perfectly safe way of carrying out the wish of the majority of the committee. If the Committee did not approve of it they could reject it. He had no feeling in the matter.

111 r. PARKER: Is there a day kept in hand? That is the .question. -

'nil) CHAIRMAN: On the face of it, it looks as if a day were kept in hand. . The voting was as follows: FOR THE AMENDMENT. AGAINST. Alderman Bennett Alderman Tinnion Coun. Clegg Coun. Ball „ Wilkinson , Sankey ~Dickinson MI.. Jolley „ Nield „ rairclough Mr. Plinston ~ Burgess , Bradshaw-7 „ Kingdon--7. The CHAIRMAN gave his vote for the decision of the Committee.

GRATIFYING EXAMINATION RESULTS. At a meeting of the School Management Committee an analysis of the result of the Preliminary Examina- tion for the Certificate, 1907, so far as it affects the pupil teachers in attendance at the committee's classes, was submitted. The analysis showed that out bf 21 presented for examination 20 passed, the percentage of successes being 95.2. Four gained three distinctions, two two, and one foul.. Sixteen out of the twenty have been accepted for admission into Training Colleges. In previous years the numbers accepted were :-1904, 18 out of 54 examined; 1905, 5 out of 23; 1906, 15 out of 23. In view of the satisfactory nature of the result it was resolved that the Committee's satisfaction be expressed to the Headmaster of the Secondary School and to the teachers who have been responsible for the UMW

THE APPOINTMENT OF ART MASTER. COMMITTEE'S ACTION. DEFENDED.

- - The School Management Committee recommended the the appointment of Mr. Clarence Mawson, A.R.C.A. as as headmaster of the School of Art. Mr. H. ROBERTS said he regretted that in the absence of the Chairman of the Committee (Canon Stevenson) it fell upon his shoulders to move the minutr.s. There were, so far as he knew, only two matters which called for special notice. The first was one of an extremely agreeable nature and it had to do with the results of the pupil teachers' examinations. The results were even better in some respects than they appeared. He

Kidney ttounle preys upon the mind /61 E N discourages and lessens ambition AND beauty, vigor and cheerfulness soon WOMEN disappear when the kidneys are out of order or diseased. For pleasing results use Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root. At chemists Sample bottle by post free, also pamphlet. Dr. Kilmer & Co., Dept. 329, Temple Chambtr, London.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
in

e ifti r fl ar w

A id. packet Makes a delicious milk pudding in ten minutes. Try it. You will be delighted.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
BRITISH SOLDIER INVhLIDED HOME

Suffered Torments with Skin Disease Contracted in India—Was Covered with Large Sores—Life in India Affected Liver—Found No Relief in Several Hospitals but

===== 0002601_19070720_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
CUTICURA REMEDIES BROUGHT HIM HEALTH

"While I was stationed at Befiery. in India, with my regiment from 1896 to 1901,. I contracted "malarial ca- chepa," which brought on a compli- ca:tion of diseases. I suffered frequently with ague and my chest and back be- came covered with large sores and pim- ples, my face was also disfigured with these sores or ulcers. My blood be- came very poor. I was admitted into hospital, but the treatment I received did not seem to give me any relief, as I became very emaciated and weak. I lost my appetite, had no energy for anything, and my weakness was dreadful. Early in 1901 I was invalided to Eng- land for a change. On arrival I was sent to several hospitals, but still no signs of recovery. After some months of treatment I was finally invalided out of the service as medically unfit through my sickness. I then thought I would try the Cuti- cura Remedies, chiefly on the recom- mendation of my wife, who had great faith in them, having used the same in India for roughness of the face, red pimples, and blackheads. After I had used four sets, which included Cuti- cura Soap, Cuticura Ointment, and Cuticura Resolvent Pills, I began to see and feel a great improvement, I was less languid, my appetite improved, I felt stronger, and the sores and pimples began/to disappear. I continued to use the treatment for about nine months. Finally I was quite a different man, I lost the yellow tinge my skin had, the sores and pimples quite disappeared, and I became strong again and able to go to business daily, which I Imre done ever since. I thoroughly recom- mend Cuticura Remedies for humours of the blood and affections of the skin Thomas Reader, late Servant in a British Infantry Regiment, 143 Totterdown St., Tooting, S. W., Aug. 2, 1906."

- Complete External and Internal Treatment lot Every Humour of Infants, Children, and Adults consists of Cuticura Soap to Cleanse the Skin, Cuti- curs Ointment to Heal the Skin, and Cuticura Re. solvent Pills (Chocolate Coated) to Purify the blood. A Single Set often Cures. Sold throughout the world. Depots: London, 27 Charterhouse Sq.; Paris, 5 Rue de ia Paix : Australia, R. Towns As Co.. Sydney: Potter Drug & Chem. Corp., Sole Props. an— Post-tree. Cuticura Book on Skin Diseases. BEST FAMILY MEDICINE

WORSDELL'S Kaye 95 p• II 'ln Use 100 years. Are a certain cure for Indigestion, Biliousness, Headache, Dyspepsia. Constipation, Liver and Kidney Complaints, ac. Invaluable for Ladiesi . Of all Chemists, 1/li, 2/9, and 4/6 per box or on receiptj of amount x 3, St. George's, Norwich.

TOOTH-ACHE

===== 0002601_19070720_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
CURIID INSTANTLY BY

BUNTER'S PreveilteselleecsasyiSzahvtesspErexvterancutido.n, NISURPILLGIA, HEADACHE, NERVINE land all NERVE PAINS removed by BUNTER'S NERVINE. All Stores, le. lid. or receipt of amount xi, ST. GEORGEs STREET, NORWICH “Aa a specific of Toothache it has no equal. I haws used it anocaufnlly for yea.ra."—Psov, W Wiiao. M.D.

SOLD EVERYIVIIgitg at is. lid., 2:. 9d.,45.6d., and Us

ollebtidg- _ LUNG';TOt• i TEE Ile WORM'S CURE FOR,COU GUS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, Eta

MERRY WEATHER'S

HIGH-CLASS GARDEN HOSE

62, LONG ACRE,'.LONDON.

Largest makers of High-class Hose in the world.

'FETE %.A.Nl' ov THE DAY.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
CRITCHLEYS STARCH GLOSS

No More soFr LIMO/ when Starched Used in the Royal Laundries. Should he Heed in every house. !E TRIED, _ _ _

ALWAYS TRIED.

KES OLD LIYEN LIKE NEW. ' 'lbe greatest bonri ever offered to the .aundrees tor imparting an Ivory Finish btarebed Linen. Laces. etc. It does )t stick to spider-web like materials. Sold by Grocers. Chemists. Stores, eta packets at id., Id., and 6d. each: BY Ti CRITCHLEY, CH 101 IST BLA(;1( BURN.

"CLAW.' WeIRLD. FAMED BLOOD MIxTUDE " is a guaran teed cure for all Blood and z•kin Diseases. It is the mos nourishing f, oci cleanser ever discovered. and it will free the system from all impurites from whatever cause arising,from Scrofula, Scur !rev, Eczema. Bad Legs, Pimples and Sores or all kinds ; its effects are marvellous. Thousands of test!! I/Initials, Sold everywhere at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware o worthless imitatiwis and substitites.—lrivt. 1. t3LAAKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to olre, Ineither sex, all acquired for constitutional discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Paine in the back. krec from Mercury. Established upwards of 3r., years. In boxes 46. Bd. each, of all chemists Nnd Patent Medic:no Vendors through. on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoba....., To MoTnEks.—Mrs. Virpoir.ow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their childran while teething, with perfeit success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natuarl quiet sleep, by relteving the Chili from pain and the lithe cherub awakes "as bright as ts buttoii " et all Chemistsis. lid. per bottle.--Advt.

JOHN WALKER, & CO. Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for - the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. EXAMINER OFFICE WARRINGTON

- • ONC ' . MA' L, t nol in PREPARED

===== 0002601_19070720_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070720_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19070720_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
~ t 1 ' 1 1 - , i , , i . .:', 1 i -1' ,- 1-, ' 1 i• , It, 't ;f 4, S i 1 i „

===== 0002601_19070720_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• _ •

===== 0002601_19070720_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
ebt eranuntr goertes

OP WEHX-liND NRWSPAPHRS COMPRISES ' :111111 WARRINGTON Si MID-CHESHIRE BXAMINBR. I. published every Stv nrday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh. Winwick, Padgate. Lymm, &a., being ne of the Largest and Hist Weetly Papers in Lance - hire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper corn- arises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lance- phire and Mid-Cheshire. eiIHE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday .1 morning. It Is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers.

THB WIDNBS BXAMINBR published every Ssturday morning. Widnes contains the lsrgest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a pidly growing centre of industry. rpm; BILRLBSTOWN AND NEWTON liX AMINE% published every Saturday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing She News of Barlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Haydock, Lowton, Ito. The district thus mpriald is 5 most imp )rtant p%rt of the L%ncashire coal- de.

rfitlS ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every JL Faturday mommy. circulating in St. Helens, Prescot, Parr. Sutton, Peasley Orme. .to —the centre of the Glars. Ohemi.l and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVRIITISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTEP. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. IHOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOFT. MISCIELLANROTTS'W ANTS . ARTICLES FOUND. MISORLL&REOIIS SALES. One Three Rix Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 84. ... is. 34. ... 2s. Od. ... 35. 94. 27 ... Os. 94. ... Is. 104. ... 35. Od. ... 65. Od. 36 ... is. Mi. ... 2s. 64. ... 4s. Od. ... 65. rd. 45 ... is. 3d. ... 34. id. ... 5., Od. ... Is. Od. 54 ... is. 64. ... 31. ed. ... 89. Od. ... 10s. Cd.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
BornNtit Otrbants, etr.

WANTED E good GNERA f.d. RgPd 18 to 22.—1tr0. BA LIZIMRTIFI; Fern Left. Sutton rd., Stockport.

QITUATION Wanted as Cook-yeneral ; age 27; taw) years' character.— Mrs. Coeval, Registry. Gloncester.

NsTANTED good sverktne 1414N11R %L. references reqntred.—Anply BOARS if fun HOTEL, Tyldesley.

WANTBD good MINERAL SERVANT, aleo GTRL about 16.—WitLfAmq. 42. Bottom o' th' Moor. nldham.

WANTIM. respectable GIRL. *hoot 15. for housework.— Apply Mr. HALRALt Hnlly Farm nlowiek. Ponthport

WANTRI), strong country ORRICRA.T. : age 17 to 20 ; public; no chlldren.—Mrs. JAMESON, 160 Blan- chester rd. Bolton

WAITED MINERAL ; able to wash and Iron; family 4; no ohildren.—Mrs. COOPER, 46, Kenyon it., Trinity Square. Ashton-under-Lyne.

NVANTED. HOUSEMAID ; salary £l5 ; nniform.—Apolv personally. Matron, if possible. or stamped envelope lisvivikoinv. Anemic,. Lsign Lane,ashire.

*ATOUNG LADY wishes for situation as Mottle Sewing JL Maid :5i vear's reference.—Miss BROPHY, 69.Longford et., off florroretion et.. Gorton, Manchester.

WANT111:0 COOK-GIMARAL at once. or girl to train as such. Hood "rues. Mother's Help kept.—Apply Mn. v7iLicrsaosr. Goodshaw Vlonraco. Rft wtenstall.

WANTBD, SITUATION as Housemaid, upper or single, Two years reference. Can wait at table,—M.H. 'Dudley Avenue. Whalley Range Manchester.

BOBATIONIIIIB BuQIIIRAD (well educated), for general training ; al.o Trsined Nurses.—Anply, photo and testimonials to MATRON. 344, Park rd., North, Birkenhead.

"lURS. Ri11413 requires many good and plain COOKS ITt H.M. Waitresses, Housemaids, superior GPnerali and tinder serrants —qaticcr REaraTay. Rnshnlme. Itianehe•ter.

WANTED good GBNBRAL for Public, age about 18; wages 7P.; Protestan.., fowl of children ; no washimf ; vood references.—BAßL OF DEBBY HOTEL, Greaves at., Blackburn.

WANTRD oompPtent GENTIR lit (strong); early August: Dlein ooniciog ; family three; no washing; good references required. —Adiress with particulars GUY, Woodlands, Clifton rd., Heaton Moor, near Stockprut

===== 0002601_19070720_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
vq; n nter.

QHORTHAND--Tuition by post.—Wmucw IdATB, 42 1.7 Birdhuret Rise, Ovwdon.

CIRCULAR and Envelope-addreesing Wante4.—Write for terms yoriras. ehoreh et.. Bible 1-fedingharo.

WTII) ANI, Dairy of MILK. 20 to 38 gallons daily.— Wiraismß Mtermen. Newtown. Wigan.

RORTH AND ; Reporter undertakes tuition by eorree pondenee.-11 BURROW% 60 Mayford rl, London.

WANTBD, Baiter Colour Prints. also old Cookfiqhting prints.—H. 11. LTORT7nOT. 7?. Port Ass rd.. London.

T AMU traio al as Ohiblrens' Norre..—Aoplv LITIMPOOL 1..1 LADIES' NewrrAev ARROCTATIION. 27 Leeee at.. Liverpool.

ARRIED LADY wonld Adnpt Baby, with premium - iP Alm ALDRIDOR. 57, King'sri., Caverertm, Reading.

AGBNT3 WANTBD. —Good commission. Bend stamp for partleularc—BUSSELL, York rd.. Stony Stratford,

WAPTBD. HOUSR Rnd GAM:IM BOY. Church of Rniztand ; w3ges £l2; live THoRP, Peartree Home, Maceletfield.

UNTOR lIPPORTHR WaivrED.—Sbortbnnd necessary. •1 I pnly by letter, stating age. etc., to EDIT 01:, " Axaminer," warringlon.

WVANTAD a R DRAW PLAT MARRR for pinion‘. Drawing stPel RTd brass.—Apply J. EveNs, 85s, Lillington et , London, S.W.

BO,K-KBUPING SHORTHAND, ARITHVIRTIO Cimrnerrial Benno] Teacher gives Postal Instruction.— Goa.nt, 21. Fairhank ru.. Bradford.

rIFIRISTMAS CAlD'4.—Agents wanted; 100 beautiful de.igres sure to sell ; orders by return.—Dept. X., GRETA PUBLISHING Co., Ingleton. Yorks.

CIVII, SERVICE AP!^OINTMENTS. 272 Vscancles ; arie V-22. FRlary £7'-£5OO ; exn-rfenne unnecessary. Full particulars —Hon, o sop Hall. Oxford.

lii-TANTBD for cash, old varnished, coloured. and soiled V linuravings also old Scrap Rooks. Cash, or best offer ti en thy retirn.—GILBERT. 9c Popes rd.. Bixton.

1864 pi:rantE Wanted At 4,1. eAelo, up to July 24t11. FDGAII TANCOT.Y, Dealer in Coins. IlluatrateJ Otalnwii 7(1. 144, Ken.intrt,,n Iftyh of., rundon. W.

CIIV.L SERVICE{ APPOINTMEITR, 272 vletneies. Age kJ 15-27. Salary £7O-£520. Experience unnee.ry.— Frill rtieniars f.ee —WilTrwoßTFt wolsev Hl. (rd.

EISSING Relatives found in all parts of America, inelod- -1/1 lig Canada. Address MILLER'S TYFORM4TION REGISTRY, Tremrmt Temple RTillrling Tinston, Miss. U.S.A.

GOVERFIIISS 23 wlekns Holiday Bngagement, ;Usti Frenob, German. Latin, Greek, Music, Tennin, Cyclinz —Miss A. GEDNFY, 3 Warwick Gardens, Kensing- ton, London.

A COTT/ENT An 4 SIOKNRS3 PlStritAvC3 combined /A with Investment Wented truetw.lrthy Representeives either sex. Thorough tuition given by an expert.—Addrast P., 22, Moxley rl., Crum ogxll, vranchegter.

HERB i—Do you went an apt-ointment ? Sanitery Inspector, Lady Health Visitor, £lOO to 050. Postal rflurse Less:ns now commennina for Liverpool exam. Fee 25q.—Mtigintics, Sanitary ExoPrt. Sonderland.

D BLIABLE4 Agents Wanted (either sex), to seaure °niers tils for private Christmas Cards. Coming season. Persons havinv experience preforreci. Good commission easily e,rn,t4. No risk no ontlay.--J. Worm & Co.. 95 Kirkarste. PrsAforri.

SPAIII?—TIIt AGHI7T, each district, to devote few hours 31 weekly tkking order.. Large profits eleily mad., outeime r.,gular employment —Write for trade terma and particulars. MEAD CYCLE COMPANY, Agency Dent. 713 Y, Liverpool.

HNTLFM IN Land Agent taking two boys Canada early k T August. can place four gentleman's eons on Rand farms with salary. Total expenses. including fare out, 2nd class .£2I.—LARDAGENT, 0/0 Messengers. 239 Regent .t., London. TltTiiEßVlH.—Appolntments Vacant: 27? R ppont- I ments before end of September ; age 15-22 ; salary £7O £SCO ; experience tmncessary ; necessary prep r..tion will not interfere with present occupation ; full particulars free.— ORGANISER, Wolsey Hall, Oxford.

KNACKTorfti KftfICKBRS I I KNACKHILS ! I Best pnsslble prices given for dead or worn nut Horses or Cattle Prompt removal on the shortest notice anv distance up to 16 miles—JANlFs TOOLE AND SONS LTD.. Manure Manu- facturers, Longford Works, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole, Lontenr4Wnk, Totenhone 299.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
CO be tn.

PIINKBTH.—GOOD HOITSIIB WITH 13-ARDRNS, 3s. rl per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. Bd. per week. IVY LODGR,FROGIIALL LANj, reduzed rent. 55, WASH I ANN. M' LL STREBT. OPFIDER,yround floor. Also upper rooms. 41, PRW ROAD, rent 4s. 9d. per week. CORNFAR SHOP 2, School Brow, reduced rent 6e. 6d. pe. week. r, S • R RBI', rent 3s. 64. per week. , 4, WRLLTNGTON STRUBT. rent 51. 84. pr week. 48, CHORLRY STIVIRT, rent 4s, 84. per week. Apply ROBERT Lows, Bate A.gent,No. 1 Bank-street War- rlortton. Telephone—No 56.

To LUT 17, FOLLY L&NW—apply WOODS & BON Iforgernarket Street, Warrington.

9[13 LBT, LARGH WORKSHOP. eviitable for j AnPr ; clam I.and dry.—Apply RIGBY, 40, Ch.irott at.. Warrington.

910 LIIT, HOUBEI, Knnteford rd. Beautified throughout. 1_ Bent £l7. Apply Jas. B. ALDRED, Leigh Villas, Gripuenhall,

MO LIU GOUT) II Ousts. Parker street. rent 351. month clear, will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODS & Bon. 9nlinitors. WArrincrton.

OUTHPOELT.—TO LBT. SHOP AND HOUSB, 71. 1.0 Kensington rd. ; also Large Two storey Warehiuse and Stable; Laundry or Storage.—Apply TODD, 283, Lord et., Southport.

TARLESTOWN, 15 and 17. Bridge et.—TO NB LET, 11 recently-altered spanlom Lock-up Shop ; fine position ; suit any business ; rent £45 per annum.—Apply BIi&DLET'S, clothiers. Chester, or Bariettown.

WAHRINGTON.—Corner Grne-ry and Provi.lon SEtop good House; rent 9s. 31. week. incinding rates . Ingolng (stcok, fixtures and utensils) about £3s.—Apply hOBEET LOWIC, Estate Agent, 1, Bank et., Warrington

3ttve4tments, ;'hart, kr.

J IMERICK LAST LlNAS.—Aesortment for any paper.- 1J P.O. 6d.- Thomas, 65, Glebe it., Penarth.

11115eliantou5, On AMIES, etc.

SQUIT Dress and Blouse Lengths.—Patterns sent; Good quality cheap.—F 1, Sussex st., Batley. t

riuItNITURT4 trade stock, eta., purchased ; good price given —lO2, HIGH CT. Thornton Heath.

HAM BOOKS. strong and durable, from 2s. 63., post free —AINSWoRTH, Victoria et., Basingstoke. , ,

HHANDSOII si Hsh lver air Bru duplicatl present ss. 6d 1 lli approval. eash.—CHINIStiCK. Palroak rd. Cardiff.

A 1 PlirCBS for left-off olothing.—C. Davis, 92, trat ford rd.. Birmingham. Botablished 40 years.

BARGAISS, TROUSERS (new) dark, 4s.—Send waist and leg measure, WARD, 103 Pitfield at.. lAndon, N.

PHASSON'S SOLUTIONS to date. is. Including many fine diseoveriee.—DaLuEL, 24 Castle et., Edinburgh,

CEYLON TEL 2e. per lb. 144. carr. Paid. IMPERIAL JL‘ TEA PLANTING CO., 3 and 4 Bury Court. St. Mary Axe.

IA7 ATM:l.—Gent'. half-bunter, solid silver, 18s. 9d. ; cost V V double; approval. -Hoolcsa. 5. St. knee's, B+rnes.

DI OFIMS of Natural Interest,' by W. S. Ashdown ; 6d.; (stamps).—W.A., 20, Gordon Place, Hailsharn. Sussex.

VITS and Vermin killea In children's beads with 11 "Palnigc.'" 6, and It'd.—Simßss,Chernist, Aberdeen.

L5OOE5On PROVIDHNT BOOD, £74 paid in. What offers —SoTocoTT.Palmerston rd., Acton, London, W.

A RORITECTURR.—PIans. &o. prepared at moderate ilk charges. —ARCHITECT. 604 High et., Ohlwick,tofldOflW.

(ALI) '—No, prematurely urey ! State colour, forward It 9d; ‘..1 Hair Dye. —BuooitE KELLY, George it.. Ennlecorthey.

VIRST-C T. ASS COUNTRY RYSIDKNTIAL 1: ESTATE FOR SALE BY PRIVATE TREATY. THIRTY MILES NORTH OF MANCHESTER AND LIVERPOOL. Two and a half miles from Principal Stallion. A SPLENDID COUNTRY RETREAT FOR BUSIERESS OR PRIV.VIE GENTLEMAN. Frequent Express Trains to all parts. Two Telephones. Poll VIEWS AND PARTICULARS, ADDRESS " RURAL," "RXAMINIIR" OFFIOR, WARRINGTON.

The Examiner Saturday, July 20, 1907.

*)otels, ppOros, 33eartitita 65tab.

DAOHBLOR Wishes PAYINGIIidTS, charming. coml. fortabie seaside borne; bracing air ; golf, fishing.— MONTGOMERY, Hest Bank, via Lancaster.

BUSEI GLEN HOUSE, Embroil's, Ireland .—Clomfortable BOARD and LODGINGS at above address* terms molerate.—Apply DANIEL J•MIE3OY, mounted rural postman*

101Vi'LLHELL—MORTON BOARDING HOUR°, facing sea, 1 near golf links; good cuisine ; terms moderate.

DLACKPOOL—IIars. Anew. 37, Hull rd.; near gee, Central I) Statinn. and arnneemento,

13 LACKPOOL.—PobIie and Private. 2s. two person s bard 4s. 6d. Piano.—Mrs. SHEPHERD, 23 Lord at.

LA.CKPOOL.—APARTMENTS (public ad private) near t at 1 on and sea.—woßmAta., 2q,Corker sl.. North Shore.

BLAORPOOL.—Best and most reasonable APARTMENTS, with or without board; sear all places of amusement and sea; piano; stamp for reply.—Mrs. MOSELEY, 98, Albert rd.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Voultrp, Oggs, ett.

Motor ear% eptles, garrineo. etc

Alebtral

DRAFNRS9.—Nfedieal Speclalist's Remedy, la. post free. —395 RAFX 11E1,092 f, MailebeSter.

tiflZ RNI A .—Sure eate core. Recipe aud list free. 1121 THWATTE.. Hertmllst. Stoon-on—Tees.

UUZKMA. cure, safe cure. Heelna and Mot free 111. THWAITFR, Herbalist. Stoekton-on-Teee.

lINDIGHiTION CURB. bend ls. P.D. for one week's heatment.—H kfAnsa, 14 Normanton rd.. Leicester.

rritin Yrince of Pick-me-ups, ' Antalgine cures Neuralgia 1. le. ltd. end 2e. 9d., from DEED, Chemist, Realing

NNIBUR FOOT OURE.—The finest remedy for tired and tender feet; 6d• post free.--liuntri 19, Fasteheap. 8.0.

D 11,14b.-6t. John's Pile Cure. Flpeerly, rutfe, sure. Pric le. poet Iree.-51, WYNFORD RD., King's Cross, London

OULD'S Golden Pills for Health and Wealth. Curds kJ- Indigestion, Biliousness. Headache, Dizziness and Con- stipation. Bent post free far ls. 11., aiso particulars of our cash offer. —GouLD's GOLDEN FILL Co.. Albion }louse, New Difogd at., London.

QALB.-25 Beautiful Postcards, Is ; postal orders only.- 13 WEATHERLEY, 163, Valetta rd., Acton, London.

PRRHY'S Perfect Violin Strings ; magnificent tone. Sample string 4d —PERRY, Bishop's rstortford, Herts.

UAZ RDGII make+ old razors like new ; 6cl. cake —L. W. It, FARMS, Worcester House, Walbrook. London.

100 IVORY VISITING CARDS (name addrees), le.; agents wante3.—JacxsTa, Stony Stratford.

10 VaLl2,5 Printed3d oCrasr.rds if)nrESllsilwlh:Ettas. -1 mstow" • 3d.

DRINK.—Certain cure for drink craving; pat fres, 3 s. 6d —Watxxfi. 393. High et., Gatevhead-on-Tyne.

•y,IITARTLING NOVHLTY.—lnvisibie ink Sample bottle, 7d.—LONGS, 3 Alexanira rd.. Finsbury Pari,,N.

T ACES Torabons. Vale, from 63. doz. ; allovere. Send for 1.4 patterns.--HAMILTON, Saeinton it.. Nottlnzham.

pBRFISCX Permanent linlargetnent from any photo, 103 t free. 21. 9d. —FARMER. 136 Stinebill rd Derby.

PIANO-PLAYING.—New Method, taught by poet; sIX lessons, is. eleh.—HAnvEY, Itlardisland, Pembrnke.

SMALL JOB PRINTING well and promntly done by BARCLAY, Langley. Birmingham. Send for estimates .

SPLIONDID Cloth Costume. Lengths la leading shades. Ts. 6d.. ear. Fairmount,' Artuley, Leeds.

SHOPERPHII§' good selling ld. lines, 3 doz assorted K is. 6d. post free.—LtraftEY,Colernan et.. Wolcerbanapton

3 PIANOS ON SALE RETLIIIN/iD FROM HUM PIANO, beautiful Rosewood Oase. lAv Ralph Allison. PIANO, beautiful Walnut Case. by Hilton and Hil o. IrIANO, Oahe CReP, hv T. G. Payne. PIANO, beiutiful Walnut Case, by William Sames. BUYENA 8NOUL1) NOT HISS TRE9E BAROCINS, FULLY WARRANT/4D BY SELVES AND MAKERS. NOTE ADDIITS9

IVADSIVORTH'd. 59, SANKBY ST., WARRIIMON.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
ffiatrintonn

Ipartmento, ifurniqbeb 3140u1e5, etc BLACHPOOL.—PubIic and Private APARTMENT 3; charming sea view ; moderate terms, with or without board; every home comfort; plano.—Hrs. COOPER. Ashton; House, 24, Wellington Terrace, Promenade.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPORTABLN combined rooms, moderate terrns,bomely near sea.—L. J., 11, Artillery rd., Ramsgate.

COMFORTABLII LODGINGS for Visito s in tha country. Apply Mn. LRwIB. Petre House, St. Martin's, Ruabon.

CnOMFORTABLH Furnished A partmtnts ti Let.—Mrs. H BQstrIRE, Burnham House. Combmartin, R. 5,0., Devon.

JJOUGLAS ) PINER, 12, Clifton Terra,,e, Broadway; superior accommodation, with or without board.

DOUGLAS.—Mrs. QuArLie Liverpool Rouse, Peel rd.— Bed and breakfast 2s. 6i., full board 4s. 6d., beds with- out board 2r.

GMISTS (Gentlefolk), Country Rouse, gardens over 30')ft, game ; guests recommendation —B., itehdean, Btusted.

HASTINGS.—Se% front, low terms July. Board-residence or Apartments. Bathroom, 1. OARLTSLE PARADE.

TERSRY.—For bed, or bed and breakfast. 2s. Bd.—Mr; HowEs, Jeweller, 3, Parade.

ir LAN GOLLII &PAR I'M dri VS, publics or prsvoe ; baard optional; beds from 2e. two persons.—Mrs WT.iLissta. woadvllle Hon, (naar qtation).

MO/0100011BH (Oentral). one minute from the set; btth and pfapo.—?ire. TowNLEY, 33 Huston rd.

'MEW BRIGHTON.—Good A.PARTMBNTS, neer Sh ore. 11 Terme moderate.-7, Virginia rd., New Brighton,

OLD COLWY—APARTMBNTS ; se,. view ; near N. golf Ilnkp.—Miss HARPER, s'Cbalfont." Ration rd.

DIikIBIABNaIAWIi. —Privato APARTAIIINTS to Let, close 1 to beach and station. Bac client sea view. —Mrs. WLTALIAMIS Malvern BMW

===== 0002601_19070720_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
1110WLLIllifil.—Cotniortabte AP' t. CH 4 Cl, (4.oiri4 qem good cooking; golf and tennis close by. —Mrs. REES Josnre. Bran Birsv.

HYL. -Superinr PARrNIBNp, nem' sea ; large rooms; bat h.—Mr. HOLT. Pen rhos. 37, River it.

1.) HY L.—Clean, respectable A PAIL TM EC NI'S, centrally situatrd ; bapny surroundings; borne.— 18, VALE RD.

ST. ANNRS-ON-SECA.—WeII Furnished APARTMENriI. with sea view.—" BEARWooD." Lightburne avenue.

SIINNY DRGANWY near Llandudno. APARTMENTS near Shore and Station.—Mrs. HILL. 2. West View.

MALVARNAN. N. Wales.—Furnished house. 5 bed, 2 sitting-rooms. bathing, boat.—LLOYD. Ciogwynmelyn.

rrONlTAY.—Clomfortable Furnished APARTAIRNTS. Large Sitting Room and Bedroom. (central). Trams resgs the dno,-.—Mrs. Sicyrsrscrt. Isl 6. lininn st . Tnrg iav •11111RFRIW N. WALRB.—Sittlng-roorn two Bedrooms 1 (three beds) ; terms moderate.—UnTD, Vine Cottage.

Q MID. 2 t.-IPTING ROOMS in pretty Norfolk village LP near ten. Broacts.—Furalt. Martharn, Great Yarmouth.

1/orgrs. Atop,• Kan stork tt.r.

TO-DAY. TO-DAY.

OUR NEW SERIAL. ROMANTIC AND SENSATIONAL STORY BY AN AUTHOR POPULAR IN BOTH HEMISPHERES.

WE have pleasure in announcing that we have arranged for the publication in our columns of a new Story entitled—

"THE VERDICT OF THE HEART." BY CHARLES GARVICE.

AUTHOR OF "HER HEART'S DESIRE," "IN CUPID'S CHAINS," "JUST A GIRL," " NANCE," "THE OUTCAST OF THE FAMILY," "A CORONET OF SHAME," ETC.

Lovers of powerfully-written, sensational fiction should look out for the opening chapters of this new story, which will prove one of the most deeply interesting yet published in this journal.

SOMETHING ABOUT THE STORY.

Mr. Garvice always delineates his hero and heroine with great care. The" woman of the story," in fact, he considers its most important element. In "The VERDICT OF THE HEART," the rble is assumed by Veronica Denby. proud and beautiful, the niece of the aged Earl of Lynborough. Veronica has known poverty— her father's death was hastened by actual want —but she has been adopted by the Earl, and rules his household. • The Earl, indeed, lets her know that he has left her his whole realisable wealth, his nephew, Talbot Denby, succeeding only to the title and entailed estates. The condition is that she will wed only a man of title, and Veronica proudly assents. It requires, therefore, all the author's skill to make it seem probable that she would stoop to love a gamekeeper on her uncle's estate. Ralph Farringdon, however, is no ordinary man. He has recently come from Australia, and gives only vague accounts of his life there. He has good looks unquestionably, and he also shows good breeding. The leader is aware of a mystery concerning his parentage. He has a powerful rival in Talbot Denby, who badly needs the heiress's money to retrieve gambling losses, and Veronica fights hard against what she considers an unworthy predilection. But after Ralph has given undoubted evidence of' nobility of soul, the verdict of the heart pre- vails, and the patrician leaves gladly the splendours of Lynborough Court for an uncertain future without.

The rivalry between the two men, however, leads to exciting events. The secret of Ralph's origin comes to Talbot's notice. It must be suppressed at all costs, and murder is one of the means adopted, the crime being first laid to Ralph's charge. At these incidents, which make up really the most absorbing part of the story, and at the surprising denouement, we can do no more than hint. The reader will find the whole work one of unusual attraction.

"TRH 'YEE DICT OF 1 IL HEART,"

BY CHARLES GARVIOE.

Publisation of this story bags in our columns

TO-DAY, TO-DAY.

IT

===== 0002601_19070720_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
. • je,`

The Vote of Censure on his PROT ECTION Majesty's Government with

AND reference to the question of PRIVILEGE. Colonial Preference moved by Mr. LLTTLETON led to a 'somewhat futiie exhibition. Mr. LYTTLEFON argued his case well enough. He showed that the •offar made by the Colonies was sincere and corn- -plete, and against that offer he had no difficulty in placing the refusal of the Government. So far, there was no possibility for quarrel. The futility of the whole proceeiings lay in the fact that no new feature can be introduced by a motion of this kind. and Parliament could only do what by the nature of its present constitution it was expected to. The majority in the present House stands unquestion- ably for Free Trade. It was elected upon a Free Trade basis, and it could not be expected to desert that standard even at the call of the Colonies. That was a position which, however much it was regretted by them, was not misunderstood by the Colonial statesman who attended the recent Con- ference. The representatives of the Government at the outset intimated that even had they been disposed of themselves to listen to the offers made in all sincerity by the Colonies they were debarred from doing so by the very vote of the people who had put them into power. That was an attitude Which they repeated on Monday night, when Mr. LYTTELTON asked the House to assent to a p7oposi- Moo condemnatory of the action of the Govern- Ment in not responding to the overtures made to this country. Probably more interest was taken by politicians in the position of Mr. BALFOUR than that of the Government itself. The Government is Free Trade pure and simple. Mr. BALFOUR is Pre- ferential but not Protectionist. The difference is easy to him; it is not so plain to everyone. Mr. ; BALFOBR'S position has been complicated, too, by the claims of various sections of the Unionist 11 Party. His relative, Lord HUGH CECIL, has argued that because Mr. BALFOUR declared that he is not Protectionist in the sense that Mr. CHAPLIN understands the term he is necessarily a :Free Trader. That is obviouly a misconception. i :But its repetition gave to Mr. BALFOUR'S speech on the Lyttelton motion an interest which Was anterior to the subjects immediately ender debate. In a sense all this is unfortunate. The object of the Lyttleton motion is not quite Obvious. The Unionists, however strong their ease, could not hope to convince their opponents, and the vote given by the House of Commons could only emphasise the weakness in Parliament of those who wish to respond to the advances of the Colonies. The public at large cannot be expected always to appreciate the subtle influences which govern Parliamentary strategy, and the Opposition and the Government cannot complairn if people outside are inclined to regard the occupation of 'Parliamentary time, already over-crowded, With a motion which could lead to no definite results as something like Waste. Parliament in accordance with the general rule, should rise some time in Angust. 'lf the prorogation does not then take place, great inconvenience willies, caused to business men both in the House and outside it. But its programme of legislation, as Lord CAmpeanowN and Lord LANsDoWNE showed on Monday in the House of "Lords, is in a condition which gives little hope that the Houses may be able to rise at the appointed date. The House of Commons on Monday devoted itself for a short time to the vestion of its own honour. Mr. LEA, a Liberal Member, had, in a letter to the newspapers, brought charges against the Leader of his own Party of having conferred honours in recognition of subscriptions to the Party war-chest, and had suggested that Members Who received payment of their election expenses horn that war-chest had been compelled by the 'Party Whips to vote against their convictions. L 3rd B,oBERT CECIL wanted the House to declare this letter a breach of its privileges. He was not successful in his object, because, although the PRIME MINISTER and Mr. BALFOuR each declared their regret that unfounded charges of the kind had been made, both agreed that it would 'alot be consistent with the dignity of be House to take measures against the bon. Member. The "country will be glad to read the declarations of the L3aders on either side that there is no truth iO allegations of dishonourable proceedings of this kind. The House of Commons has always been • ilalous of its integrity, and there is no reason to buppose that these who are members of it at the 'Present moment care less for its reputation.

I

...

Probably nowhere, with the MR. W. H. LEVER'S exception of Port Sunlight VICIORY. and Liverpool, was greater satisfaction felt thGn in tirrington at the result of Mr. W. H. Lever's 'ibel action against the "Daily Mail" and Mandated papers. Mr. Lever's career as a soap- .ll.aker and commercial man, commenced in vie arrington in 'lBB5 and the town is jealous 13'. its connection with such a captain of

===== 0002601_19070720_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
4," 7.:•••

industry and sl generous a philanthropist. Toe "Daily M-ils" crusade against the short- lived but famous soap combine will not readily be forgotten. It was conducted with an unscrupulousness and a personal vindictiveness against Mr. Lever, which have never been equalled in any Eqglish newspaper campaign. The combine was shown in the worst light possible, public pre- judice was fostered, and the bona fides and even common honesty of the promoters were questioned. The methods of the Yellow Press, represented in England by the "Daily Mail,"were fully employed in this campaign of untruthfulness and misrepre- sentation. Mr. Lever has performed a greater public service than even the "Daily Mail " pro- fessed to be engaged upon, by bringing to book the perpetrators of the slanders which so lowered the tone of the English press. The damages of £50,000 which the offending syndicate has agreed to pay, though they constitute a record, are by no means excessive. Still, they are sufficient to teach a salutary lesson to the type of journalists who have made sensation their aim, and thrown both truth and principle to the winds.

Our references to the TEE ART MASTER, appointment of an art master have not been with• out public advantage, inasmuch as they drew from the Deputy-Chairman of the School Management Committee (Mr. H. Roberts) a lengthy resume of the reasons which prompted the Committee to prefer a candidate from Shipley in Yorkshire to the local assistant master whose ability is unques- tioned. We do not doubt that the Committee's sole desire was to obtain the best man possible in the interests of the town, but we venture to ques- tion their wisdom in drawing a hard and fast rule which debarred the application of Mr. Pendlebury. If they had wished to make it impossible for the local man to have the ghost of a chance they could hardly have found a simpler or more effective method. Apparently the crux of the matter lies in the degree A.R.C.A. (associate of the Royal College of Art) which Mr. Pandlebury does not possess. Whether it is very material is, we think an open question. Mr. Roberts at the close of his ' remarks, said that" all that could be said on Mr. Pendlebury's behalf was present to the minds of the Committee when the selection was made." Seeing that the applicant himself was given no opportunity of stating his own ease the remark , loses much of its weight and significance as an argu- rnent. Were the Committee aware of the fact that Mr. Pendlehury was for some years an examiner of the Royal College of Art prior to the institution of the A.R.C.A.degree? Mr.Pendlebury's qualifications are, in many quarters, considered excellent, and at any rate they were sufficient for the Board of Education. The matter is, of course, now at an end, and we have every confidence in the gentle- man the Committee have been at such pains to select. All we desired was that the local applicant should not be denied promotion without sufficient reason, and we still think that it would have been fairer, and certainly more courteous, if Mr. Pendle- bury had been allowed to appear before the Com- mittee in common with eight oltside applicants in order to advance his qualifications for the appointment.

Most of the Warringtonians LETCHWORTH, THE who visited Letchworth, the GARDEN CITY. Garden Ci'y, were simply charmed with what they saw last Saturday. Flowers and shrubs in the streets, open spaces in front of the houses—no possibilities of slums, as there is no crowding of houses together, 12 •houses to the acre being the limit —delightfnl walks right across the fields. Most of the hedges have been removed and alto- gether there is a delightful air of freeeom about the place which makes one feel the misery of being so "cribbed cabined, and confined "as happens to be the case in most of our manufacturing towns. The Garden City is 6 miles in extent. It is patent to all who visited it that we should not in War- ington be able to match such a schgme, except by way of small samples, for several reasons. Toe land at Letchworth cost £4O per acre. In War- rington the cost is over £2OO per acre. Rites at Letchworth are 2s. 81. in the 2, Warrington suburbs 4s. in the 2. It will thus be seen, apart from any other consideration, that the promoters of the Warrington scheme start with a heavy handicap as compared with the promoters of the Letchworth scheme. The Letchworth Garden City scheme has certainly demonstrated on' thing already-and that a very important one i.e:, that under such ideal conditions and beautiful surround- ings, the death rate is reduced by one half. It is evident that those who advocate a reform of our Land Liws have, if only from a health point of view, a strong case in support of their ideas.

There is cause for gratifica- GRATIFYING tion in the results of the EXAMINATION recent preliminary examina- RESULTS. tion " for the certificate" so

far as they affect the pupil teachers in attendance at the Warrington Eiuca- tion Committee's clasees, and it is only fitting that the fact should be recognized. Out of 21 presented for examination 20 passed—a record which is ex3eedingly creditable. Moreover it should be noted that Warrington stood seventh in sixteen towns in regard to the number of successes, while the distinctions obtained are particu- larly noteworthy, Warrington taking fourth place in this respect. The Education Committee has placed on record its sense of satisfaction with the results and the Headmaster and staff of the Secondary School have received the special thanks which their work in preparing ,the candidates undoubtedly merited. A great deal has been spent upon this institution, and the ratepayer is entitled to look for a high standard of efficiency. Toe returns just recorded are an evidence that the educational machine is now in thorough working order, and that substantial pr-)gress is being made in the work of training the young for the teaching profession.

How many people who ENGINE DRIVERS. travel to and from town realise the responsibility of the engine-driver? Every mother is fond of exclaiming that her child, or children, are a great responsibility. But the engine-driver is sometimes solely responsible for the lives of hundreds of people who are seated in the various compartments of the train entrusted to his charge. In some of the magazines we have bewildering pictures of rows upon rows of signals which the driver must observe when controlling a locomotive from one paint to another. It is only when a scene such as occurred recently between Brussels and Antwerp is described in the Press that pe-,pla appreciate the fact that not only the guard, who hands luggage in and out of the carriage, but the engineer iu charge of the train, on its safe arrival at one's destination deserves a' small gratuity by way of an expression of thanks. Human nature is the same in all races and amongst all classes. Action is controlled by intellect, and intelligence is the starlight of the brain. If that light becomes erratic in the skull. of a duke or a dustman people say, "Poor fellow," and are glad that there are mad-houses. But an engine-driver is not allowed to go mad. The other day, in Belgium,he defied that rule. Regardless of signals, he sent his engine at full speed through one station after another, driving his train to destruction, until the stoker, perceiving the driver was a maniac, struggled desperately with him and finally over- powered his master. How the train escaped being run into was a miracle, but that stoker deserved a V.C.

Of the many devices for THE THEORY OF producing the psydaological PUNS. mystery known as a laugh, punning is one which lasts under a peculiar, and in our opinion at) unfor- tunate, ban. We would be the fist t ) agree that a bad pun is an abomination, but a really neat double meaning, many specimens of which are to he found in the splendid comic poems of TJM Hood, ought really to be considered above the lowest form of wit. Take, for example, the lines : Ben Battle was a soldier bold, And used to war's alarm • But a cannon-ball took off his legs,

So he laid down his arms. Here is a neat, successful pan to which objection would in our opinion, be mere affectation. Bat

===== 0002601_19070720_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070720_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 20, 1907

( when the same writer says that Deutenant Lars "half-pay would not half pay his debts," the result is not so satisfactory. The phrase sounds harshly in the ear, the pun is too obvious, and there is no real humour in it. In the former case the figure of Ben Battle laying down his arms and becoming sn armless and legless trunk is distinctly funny. Tom Hood's own rule, to which all puns should conform, is that two meanings should be conveyed and it is for reader or hearer to select which mean- ing he will accept, or to accept both. Each meaning must, therefore, be admissable. If when a jar of jam is mentioned someone says it jars on him, no object whatever ia served by the juxta- position of the two words of the same sound but diffarent meaning. If a jam-jar had been knocked over and its contents emptied into the punster's flap he might have some excuse for saying "This jar's on me." Here the two possible meanings of the phrase would both be true. In brief, a good pun should really have a double meaning. If one of the alternative interpretations is without , meaning the pun is a wicked failure. In the words of Johnson, we may perhaps truthfully say: "He who would perpetrate a pun Of that kind) would pick a pocket."

Junior Conservative Drive The third evening drive of the season in connection with the Warrington Junior Conservative Association was held on Tuesday, when some 600 visited Dares- bury and Stratton. The weather was ideal. The conveyances left the club shortly after half-past six, and Daresbury was reached in good time. After a halt' for refreshments the visitors Proceeded on their journey along Hatton-lane on to Stratton for lighting up, and Warrington by way of Stockton Heath was safely reached at 10.30. 21bs FIG & LEMON 6d.—ASIILEY'S Sankey st.—Advt. Treat to Boys from Cottage Homes. The annual treat to 100 boys from the Padgate Cottage Homes took place on Saturday on the ground of the Cheshire Lines Engineers Cricket Club.—The boys left Padgate by the 210 train for Warrington and on arrival marched in procession (headed by the Band) to the field. Unfortanately it was raining at the time, but even this did riot damp the spirits of the boys. The rain cleared at 3.30 when the boys entered into some good old English sports, and at 5 o'clock went across the Lawn to the Albion Hotel, into a large and commod;ous room, kindly lent by Mr W. Jenks (owing to the field being wet) to partake of meat pies, tarts, Eccles cakes and ginger beer. When their appetites had been satisfied they returned to the field and received their 'presents and prizes kindly distributed by Miss Smith. After the band had given several selections, they formed in procession to the Central Station and left by the 7.10 train for Padgate. The Committee desire to take this opportunity of thanking all friends who kindly helped them to provide the treat.

NEW BLACK CURRANT JAM.—ASHLEY'S Sankey st.— Advt.

Trip to Windermere. The annual picnic in connection with the Warring- ton and District Off-Licence Holders' Association tosk place on Thursday, to the Lake district. Beautiful weather favoured the outing which proved a complete success. The party, numbering about 60, 'included the President (Hr. W. Throssell) and the Secretary (Mr. Robert Smith), and left Bank Quay station at 7.11 in saloons. Windermere was reached at 10.30 and the visitors proceeded to the Royal Hotel, Bovrness, where an excellent dinner was served. Afterwards , a two hours' drive throng beautiful scenery Ito Troutbeck and other places of interest was enjoyed. The delightful mountain views presented a succession of impressive pictures which will never be forgotten. On returning to Bowness tea was served at the [loyal Hotel. There was a little speech-making,the President briefly referring to the work of the Association, and , urging the members to rally round the committee. , Captain A. F. G. Potter voiced the thanks of the party to the committee for the excellent arrangements. The group was photographed on the lawn behind the hotel. Windermere was left at 5.50 and Warrington was reached at 10 o'clock after an eminently successful excursion.

TRA.VELLING TRUNKS, DRESS BASKETS, &C. Try J. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge-street, War- rington.—A dvt.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

A fine large" bull " was perpetrated on Monday night by Alderman John Grime who in addressing the Oldham Athletic Football Club asked them "not to start kicking at fleabites." o "Teas provided. Customers' own vitals cooked." So runs a notice appearing in a picture of a rustic dwelling which "Punch" reproduces as having been "sketched from nature." . .

* * * Though the weather was almost everywhere brilliant, a curious phenomenorn was observed at the "Daily Mail "offices on Wednesday. There was a complete absence of Sunlight and everything appeared to be shrouded in gloom. o o In our correspondence column an ex-Warrington housewife testifies to the boons and blessings which accrue from a smokeless atmosphere. t3he concludes : " We feel cleaner in house, body, and mind since we left the town and its smoke behind."

* * Mr. Aylward will take with him in his retirement to the rural delights of Sussex, the good wishes of a great many Warrington people other than art students. He is one of those individuals blessed with a kindly nature and the power of inspiring other folk's regard. * * * Right in the middle of the Peace Congress England invents d new kind of bullet that will liberate the human soul at a greater distance than ever. Eternal peace is a beautiful thought—but that new bullet will be regarded as a great comfort all the same.— " London Opinion." * * * " That ether nations should beat us now and then at the games we have stolen f :•om them will do us harm only if it makes us lose faith in that illusion of our superiority to all the rest of the world, for to that illusion our success is greatly due."— Herace Hutchinson, in the "Daily Graphic."

- - Parr's Bank Limited, we are pleased to note, con- tinues to enjoy remarkable prosperity. At the ball- yearly meeting to be heli in Warrington on Thursday next a balance sheet to the end of June last will be presented, showing net profits for the half-year amounting to nearly a quarter of a million pounds. A half-year's dividend at the rate of 19 per ceat. per annum is declared.

* * * Mr. A. H. Rathbone's resignation of the offices of secretary and manager of the Warrington Co-operative Society has just taken effect and his many friends will wish him long life and the best cf health to enjoy : his well-earned retirement. During his connection with the Society extending over forty-two years he has worked untiringly and it is undoubtedly due in a great measure to his prudent and economical management 1 that the Society stands in such a sound position. Many of our readers will hear with deep regret of . the death of Mr. Thomas Mcfarlaue, of Ottawa, Canada who, it will be remembered, addressed a meeting arranged by the Warrington Chamber of Commerce at the time when the fiscal question was the great topic of the moment. This sturdy Scotsman spoke very temperately on the subject of preferential trade and those, including ourselves, who were opposed to his policy, could not but admire the sincerity of his advocacy. * * Warrington firemen have had a busy time this week, for they had not long ceased their labours at Messrs. N-aylor's when they were summoned to another outbreak in Buttermarket-street. Fortunately in this case the fire did not assume .very alarming propor- tions, which was a great relief to occupiers of adjoin- ing property who had begun to remove their goods into the street, in anticipation of the flames spreading. Great damage was done to the pawnbroker's shop in which the outbreak originated, and many pledged articles were destroyed. Perhaps the first example of namesakes in different spheres that would spring to the lips of most readers is the case of the two Winston Churchills. Oddly enough (says "Cassell's Saturday Journal "), they are both the sons of American mothers, and both of them have written books of stirring quality. So much so that most people might be excused for not being able to say right off the reel which of the Winstons wrote " Savrola "and which " Richard Carvel." The con- fusion became all the greater when the young English- man who had a price put on his head by the Boers kivaded his rival's own domain, and went off for a lecturing tour of the States. * Some of the residents of Cockliedge, we are told, think an unwarranted aspersion has been cast on that neighbourhood by our note in this column on the novel joke of the in;lividual who chalked " Beautiful Warrington " on a wall there. We did not mean anything unkind, and we are quite ready to believe that many of the inhabitants of this district are not by any means insensible to the Beautiful Warrington ideal. In Platt-street in particular there is a fine display of window boxes full of choice blooms ! and we are only too pleased to commend the efforts of those who are doing something to make this locality brighter. * All Warrington was attracted to Howley on Wednesday night by the great fire at Messrs. R. A Naylor's timber works. A memorable spectacle was presented, the flames shooting to a great height, while showers of sparks were sent forth. Disastrous ! as the fire was, it would have been much worse had a strong wind been blowing. As it was, the flames were confined to one block of buildings which was almost demolished. The firemen's work has earned praise on all hands, for they grappled with the flames splendidly and got them under control in a com- paratively short time. As a prominent member of the firm pithily expressed it, "it was a tip-top save." * * A good story is being told at the expense of a well k,nown local gentleman who is an enthusiastic collector of curios and articles which bea r the stamp of antiquity. Recently the requirements of a modern business necessitated the demolition of prorrty of a great age and during the course of (the work one of the labourers tluanced upon an old English coin, which he promptly appropriated. A little while after the aforesaid gentleman visited the premises and beamed with delight when the find was shown to him. With the eagerness of a born collector he immediately became the possessor of the curio in exchange for cm-rent coin. Determined not to miss any other interesting discoveries he apin interviewed the workmen and was delighted to find that each of them had unearthed something —an old photograph, or coins—and again there were mutual exchanges which left both parties satisfied. Instructing the men to retain anything else which was found, the gentleman left exulting„ but his joy would probably have been more short-lived had he heard a burly navvy remark to a pal " If th' chump is going to give a tanner each for coins I will find some, even if I have to hide 'em myself."

DROWNED BY A CLOUDBURST. - - - - Vienna, Thursday.

In consequence of a cloudburst her yesterday even- ing several streets in the outlying parts of the city became flooded, and two persons were drowned.

FEW PEOPLE HAVE EYES ALIKE. Thousands have ruined their sight by neglect, by wearing other people's glasses or glasses for which they were not carefully and thoroughly tested.-30IINSTON WATSON, Eyesight and Spectacle Specialist, 84, Bridge st., Warrington. 'Low prices and satisfaction guaranteed.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

Index to Inside Pages.

AGE. 2. New Serial: "The Verdict of the Heart," by Charles Garvice. Women's Chat and Fashions. 3. Education Committee. Short Story. 6. Presentation to Mr. Aylward. Notes on Games, etc. Lecture on Hygiene. Religious Education. , 7. Co-operative Society and Mr. Rathboue's Resignation. Science Notes. Parr's Bank, Ltd.

School Sports. 21bs BLACKBERRY a: APPLE JELLY. sid.—Asrmllr's Advt.

Coming Events. Meetings under the auspices of the Warrington I.L.P. will be held at Bridge Foot on Sandya, Monday and Tuesday evenings, on Wednesday evening in Scott-street, on Thursday evening in Ellesmere- street and on Friday evening at Sankey Green. At each an address will be delivered by Mr. W. C. Anderson,late organiser for the Shop Assistants' Union.

The annual exhibition of flowers and plants in con- nection with the Beautiful Warrington Society will be held in the Drill Hall on August 31st, and will be opened by liirs.Lyon. The schedules of prizes are now ready and may be obtained on apnlicatiou to the ward secretaries, whose addresses will be found in our advertising columns.

Musical Success. At the recent ex.ammations held in Liverpool, in connection with the London College of Music, Miss A. Oakley was successful in passing the Senior test in pianoforte playing with " honours."Mr. F. J. Kam, Mus. Doc., was the Examiner.

The following pupils of Mr. W. H. Payton Mus. Bac. have been successful in passing the trinity College London Examination in Pianoforte playing, Inter- mediate— Miss A. Ditchfield, Miss H. M. L. Westeott. Junior: Miss G. Thomas, Master A. Ellison.

Pharmaceutical Society's Visit. On Friday next the members of the Pharmaceutical Society who are holding their annual conference in Manchestel will visit Messrs. Crosfield's works. They will be conducted through the various departments and the processes of particular interest will be explained. Luncheon will be served and during the afternoon the works fire brigade will give a display Personal. At the recent examination of the Glasgow and West of Scotland Technical College in connection with the City and Guilds Institute of Londoti, Arthur M. O'Brien (recently of Warrington) gained a Ist class ordinary grade in oils and fats. Mr. Martin Nichols, chief constable of Warrington, attended the meeting of the City and Borough Chief Constables' Association, held in tae Manchester Town Hall, on Monday, when Mr. Robert Peacock, chief constable of Manchester, was presented with .an illuminated address in appreciation of "the trium- phant manner in which he has overcome the long and bitter attacks made on his private character and official reputation." Crasfield's Fire Brigade. - -

The members of Mess. Crosfield's fire brigade took part in the annual tournament in connection the with North Western District of the National Fire Brigades Union which was held at Great Crosby on Saturday. There was a large attendance of firemen from all parts of Lancashire and Cheshire and a very successful series of competitions was gone through. Messrs. Crosfield's brigade appeared in all the drills and secured the first prize in the hydrant and the third in the hose-cart drill. Superintendent Gallon was in charge. The proceeds Of the tournament were in aid of the widows' and Orphans' Fund of the Union and realised £5O —a very creditable result considering the unfavourable Nvpather. On Thursday Superintendent Gallon acted as judge at a fire brigade contest at St. Helens. Presentation to ,a Postman. An interesting presentation took place at the :` Pelican," on Wednesday. Mr. William Parker, late postman, who has just retired on pension after 35 years' service was the recipient *of a gold hunter watch suitably inscribed and given to him by his postal comrades at Warrington. Mr. J. Williamson,l assistant inspector, made the presentation, adding a few well-chosen remarks on the happy associations with Mr. Parker in by-gone days. Speeches were made by Mr. W. Readett, Mr. F. Cot, Mr. W. Colter, Mr. .T. E. Hewitt, and Mr. J. J. Evans, who spoke on behalf of the clerical staff. Ur. Parker, filled with emotion at bidding adieu to his comrades, suitably replied and was loudly cheered. A smoker was hold in connection with the presentation, Mr. W. Readett occupying the chair. ,A capital programme was gone tlirolgh, the following contributing: Instru- mentalists Messrs. Forster, Colter Bros., Aukland and Clark; sentimental songs by Messrs. Turner, Moorfield, Mas.ey and Gibbs; humorous items by Messrs. Forster, Aukland, and Hands ; Mr. L. E. Forster presiding at the piano. Loyal Order of Ancient Shepherds. The quarterly meeting of the Warrington district was held on Saturday at the Thorn Tree Lodge, Thorn Tree Inn, Appleton, Cheshire, under the presidency of Bro. Thomas Baskerville. He was supported by Bro. Peter L. Edgar as deputy, district treasurer, Bro. James Parr, district secretary, Bro. Peter Edgar and district trustee Bro. W. Hall. Aftee the roll had been called the secretary submitted the accounts for the past quarter which were found to be of a satisfactory character. The funeral claims , had been extremely light, a substantial sum having in consequence been added to the fund. The accounts were passed after the auditors (Bros. Grestv and "Miles) had certified their correctness. The election of . officers for the ensuing year was proceeded with. Bro. Peter L.Edgar was unanimously elected Pro. Chief Shepherd. For the position of deputy Pro. 0.5. there were two candidates. Bro. James Gillooley being an easy winner. Bros. L. Weir and D. Harris were imani- mously re-elected district examiners. The representa- tive (Bro. Joseph Mather) at the DuMfirmline A M. C. presented his report which was appreciated. The newly elected officers were duly installed and thanked the meeting for the honour .conferred upon them. A plea§ant meeting terminated after a hearty vote of thanks had been passed to the retiring Pro. Chief Shepherd Bro. T. Baskerville for his conduct during the past twelve months, which was warmly supported by several of the brethren, NEW STRAWBERRY JAM.—ASRLEY'S‘ Sankey st.— Advt. _

===== 0002601_19070720_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
COLN E ELECTION.

Result of the Poll.

SOCIALIST CANDIDATE RETURNED.

The result ot, Monday's polling at Colne Valley for the election of a candidate ta fill the Parliamentary vacancy created by the elevation of Sir James Kitson to the peerage was declared yesterday. The figures were returned as follows : Grayson (Socialist) 3,64S liright (Liberal) Wheler (Unionist)

PREVIOUS RESULTS. At the last general election Sir James was unopposed and in the two previous contests the resaltA were :- 1895. 1900. Sir J. Kitson Bt. (L) 4276 Sir J. Kitson Bt. (L) 4699 H. Thomas (C) 9737 W. G. Bagnall (0) 4176 Toni Hann (1.L.P.) ... 1245

L. maj. over, C... 539 L. majority ... 52

===== 0002601_19070720_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INFIRMARY BALA.AR.

Thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Henry Greenall. 11— --

A deputation, consieting of the Rev. Harry V. Pigot, chairman of the Infirmary Board of sfanagement, Dr. E. A. Fox, and Mr. C. Jackson flohnes was requested at the meeting of the Board, held on the sth of July, to wait upon Mr. and Mrs. Henry Greenall, for the pnrpose of presenting them with the following vote of thanks, passed on that date :—" That the most cordial thanks of the Board of Management of the Warrington Infirmary and Dispensary be conveyed to Mr. F. nd Mrs. Henry Greenall for their kindness in allowing the use of their grounds, at Hill CHIN, for the grand bazaar and fete, held Jane 19th to 22nd, 1907. in aid of the fund for the extension of this hospital." _ _

The deputation visited Hill Clide yesterday and was received most heartily by Mrs. Henry Greenall, who expressed her regret at the unavoidable absence of her husband. The Rev. H. V. Pigot, being engaged in parochial work, the resolution was read to- -Mrs. Greenall by Dr. Fox, the proposer of the vote of thanks and presented to her on vellum. Mrs., Greenall, in replying, said what they had done was a work of love, and she exprsssed the hope that she would be able to do something more for the Infirmary in the future. The members of the deputation'were afterwards enter- tained to tea by Mrs. Greenall.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

WALKING DAY.—This annual Festival which was postponed owing to the inclemency of the weather, will he held next Saturday. The usual procession of the scholars from the Church of England and Wesleyan Sunday Schools, will be augmented by a detachment from the Industrial Schools.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Services for Sunday.

' Bold-street Wesleyan Church : Preacher, 10.30 and 6.30 Rev. J. Manning. / • Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church: Preachers, 10.30 Rev. E. J. Gawne ; 6.30 Rev. S. Pitt. Golborne-street Baptist Church: and 6.30 Rev. J.Wright, Glazebury. Wycliffe Congregational Church: Preacher 10.30 and 6.30 Rev. H. Wall.

Preacher, 10.30

WHITE CITY, MANCHESTER. Children's Picnic. . HALE'S TOURS OF THE WORLD. Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Fletcher on Thureday celebratedl An attraction with the artistic and educational in a practical manner the birth of a daughter. ' Mr. ' atmosphere as supplied by Hales Tours of the World is sure to direct uncommon attention. The nineteenth Fletcher is a director of Messrs. Fletcher, Russell and i century has produced many wonderful inventions, but Co., Ltd., and at his invitation the children between, the greatest, most popular and instructive of these is the ages of, 5 and 12 of the employees of that firm I Hales Tours of the World. Its construction is ingeni- spent the day at Frodsham. Some 274 youngsters far as skill and ingenuity can I ous and unusal. It is, so were eligible to join the treat, and out of of these 270 ' make it, perfect. Of course, every material used in the 4 construction of these handsome Pullman cars is of the Station in time to de had assembled at Bank Quay , Par' , best. In all the great amusement lines of this country, by a special train at 1.25' p.m. Arrived, at their ! there is nothing more agreeable than a tour in one of destination, all,'of course, made for the hills, and here . these perfectly equipped cars, at your own home, with the afternoon was spent in a most enjoyable manner. ' all the realism of actually riding on the rail without All the usual attractions were free and it it is probable ' the slightest chance of danger, which is experienced that the long-suffering donkeys have not ,had such travel. Cars are now being run in London busy time for years. ' Impromptu sports were also Iva' a in actual Machester, Dablin, Blackpool, Glasgow,, Leeds, New Brighton, eta., and others are bing arranged, the children competing with zest far siaall installed as fast as cars can be built. monetary prizes. Tea, a substantial one, was supplied at MerseyeView and immediately at the con- ! THE LIVERPOOL PAGEANT. elusion of the repast strawberries and cream were ' I GREAT WATERFALL EXHIBITION IN served to the youngsters. The time for the return LIVERPOOL. journey to commence came only too quickly, but In addition to the superb historical incidents con- before the children entrained for Warrington they nected with the Liverpool Pageant and the visit of the each received a bag containing sweets, toys end Channel Fleet to the Mersey, private enterprise will be pennies. Throughout the day the weather was responsible for numerous other attractions. Messrs. gloriously fine and the children most thoroughly Lewis's, of Liverpool, are building a realistic Waterfall Exhibition which will be opened towards the en' of enjoyed themselves, their pleasure being contributed July to commemorate the occasion of tbe city's 700th , to in no small degree by a band of indefatigable , birthday. To reproduce facsimilies of the World's two assistants from Palatine works under the supervision ; greatest waterfalls is surely colossal eeough enterprise I ROMAN CATHOLICS AND SECONDARY SCHOOLS. of Mr. Leach. The band of the works was in for anyone. But the representation of Niagara 24..118,1 a attendance and played selections during the afternoon ! America, and the Victoria Falls, South Africa, will I Preaching in Holy Cross Church, St. Helens, on Sun- shortly be an accomplished fact at Lewis's. Thousands : day evening, Father Day referred to the new regula- . of gallons of real water wilr be used, and when open the tions for secondary schools. He said that of all the I exhibition should prove a most interesting revelation attacks which the present Government bad made on ;of what are considered the most wonderful and inspiring the cause of religious education in the course of its sighto in the world—Niagara and Victoria Falls, under eighteen months' existence, that contained in the new , natural conditions, i regulations was probably the most disastrous and certainly the most wanton. Defeated in Parliament on W.G.'s CRICKET JUBILEE. the matter of principle, the Ministry adroitly shifted Dr. W. G. Grace was fifty-nine years old on Thursday. its tactics and immediate objective, and under the He says in his reminiscences that he remembers playing cloak of administrative reform issued a drastic ukase three or four innings for the West Gloucester Club in which revolutionised in the spirit of the rejected Bill 1857, when he was a boy of nine. This is, therefore, the whole secondary education of the country. The his jubilee year. When he was twelve he made a score new decrees, which had the force of the law without its of 51 for Nest Gloucestershire against Clifton, and at forms and guarantees of liberty, were the old bill over fifteen he played for All England, and getting in tenth again. They. contained all its worst features, and had he made 32. Since then the history of " W.G." is the few, reeleeming qualities. The prospect for present history of cricket in England. A year ago—ow his denominational schools was gradual extinction, and the fifty-eighth birthday—he made top score of 74 for the hope of future denominational foundations was nil. Gentlemen against the Players at the Oval, and only Fortunately, the regulations Were alterable at the end less than three years ago he ran in the 100 yards of a year, and they carried their own condemnation members' handicap at the London County Cricket Club On all grounds the unfortunate measure was doomed sports—and won! t and must eventually go.

One Mile Flat (N.C.A.A. Cbampionship).—A lot of interest was taken out of this event by there being only two rnrsiers—a. lig.berts, of Sefton, anal F. J. Whittle,of St. Helens. J. Roberts won by five yards in the com- paratively slow time of smin. lsec. One Mile Flat Handicap.-1, A. Parkinson (Heswall); 2, G. Watmough (Warrington) ; 3, J. Long (Warring- ton). Time, 4min. 29seo.

CRISP AND CREAMY

===== 0002601_19070720_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S

IiSIMOIMEMMUii

===== 0002601_19070720_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
CREAM

CRACKERS.

RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

FLOWER SERVICES 4T RUNCORN.

The annual flower services at the Primitive Methodist Church, Greenwav-road, were held on Sunday. when there were good congregations. The preacher, morning and evening, was Mr. John Wright, of Glasbury, who delivered stirring sermons. In the afternoon there was a special service, over which Mr. J. Scrag g presided. Mr. Wright gave an appropriate address. Miss A. M. Midge gave a recitation, and special musi&was rendered by the choir and Sunday school children. The collec- tions showed considerable advance over last year. SENSATIONAL AFFAIR AT FRODSHAM.

A sensation was caused in the village of Kingsley, near Frodsharn, on Friday evening, when it became known that during a quarrel which is alleged to have taken place between a cattle dealer and his wife both their throats had been cut. Abcnt half-past four the husband and wife were seen to rush from their house holding their heads back, and it was noticed that their throats were cut and that blood was streaming over their clothes. A constable who happened to be passiug. rendered them what assistance he could, and summoned Drs. Barton and Selby. The man's condition was so serious that his removal to the Chester Infirmary was ordered. It is alleged that the man cut his wife's throat with a pocket-lmife, an& afterwards rushed upstairs and cut his own thrtiat with a razor. THE WIDNES TRAGEDY.

At Liverpool Assizes on Wednesday Michael Sullivan (62), labourer, was indicted for the manslaughter of Thomas Hosker, at Widnes, on tbe sth inst. Mr. Riley and Mr. Cockshutt appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Foley defended.—The case for the prosecution was that about eleven o'clock on the sth inst. there was 1 a row in the lodging-house of which Hosker was the deputy. Husker was a man of about forty-five years of age. Prisoner was blaming someone for stealing is meat, and made a charge against Hosker, whom he struck over the head with a clog. The medical evidence would show that Hosker suffered from heart disease and ' was in a bad state of health. Waat the jury had to inquire into however, was whether death was accelerated by the blow given by prisoner.- -John Joyce, rag-gatherer, gave an account of the row in the lodging-house, saying that prisoner alleged that some " two-legged cat" had stolen his meat. When Hosker came into the room the prisoner charged him and pushed him into a bedroom, where witness heard a fall. Hosker died about half an hour after- wards, prior to which he said, " I've been struck on the head with a clog."—Dr. Hutchinson, Widnes, deposed that Hosker had diseased lungs and tho valves of his heart were diseased. He died from heart disease, and his death might have been accelerated by a blow, a struggle, or any excitement.— The evidence of arrest having been given, prisoner was called into the witness-box to give evidence on his own behalf. He had said something about his meat having •been stolen. He had had some drink. He denied having hit Hosker on the head with his clog. It was true they had a struggle in the bedroom, and they both fell against the bed. WAness had two teeth knocked out.—Cross-examined : Hosker was only doing his daty in seeing prisoner go to his room and get to bed. Prisoner could nc°-, understand why anyone should say that he had struck Hosker with a clog.—Mr. Foley submitted that the prosecution had failed to make out their case. If the jury had any doubt as to what prisoner had done or what was its effect he was entitled to acquittal. The jury found prisoner not guilty, and he was discharged.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES SPORTS.

The fortieth sports meeting of the Widnes Amateur Athletic Club was held on the Football ground on Friday evening and Saturday afternoon. The evening meeting was well attended but rain spoiled the gate on Saturday. Still, probably 5,000 people witnessed the events on the two days and the sports were certainly a success. A peculiar incident happened on Friday evening. In the five miles cycle race, confined to members of the Widnes Cycle Club, W. Hulton, S. Cash. S. Hatton, R. Allen and G. Glover turned out to com- pete for the club's silver challenge cup and gold medal. For some reason the men had apparently pre-determined not to race, and the spectators were treated to a unique display of "crawling.' The riders proceeded round and round the track at a snail's pace, chatting and exchadging handkerchief's. So slow was their progress that on more than one occasion they found 'difficulty in maintaining their equilibrium. The hand enteredironically into the spirit of the affair and played" Sing me to sleep." "Lead, Kindly Light," and similar lively (!i tunes. In sixteen minutes ths riders covered the tremendous distance of three miles, and the judges then declared the race off. The spectors hooted the riders as they left the track. It is said that the fact that no lap prize was offered led the cyclists to insult the spectators and officials in this remarkable way. It was a most regrettable incident. 012 Saturday some particularly good riding was witnessed at the halt- mile race. The long distance events saw keen com- petition and honest trying, while all agreed that the quarter-mile was a finely-coutested race. The chiaf events of the sports was the one mile flat race for the .N.C.A.A. championship, which was won rather easily by J. Roberts, the popular Sefton Harrier. Only two runners competed. The" scratch hundred" resulted in a popular win for Hargreaves, of Southport, after a fine race. Details

===== 0002601_19070720_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
;LOCAL EVENTS.

120 Yards Flat Handicap.—Winners of heats : J. Nfomn (Warrington), H. D. Nesbit (St. Helens), J. McDonald (Widnes), A. H. Glover (St. Helens), S. Griffiths (Widnes), H. Burrows (Warrington). Final : 1, Nesbit (21) ; 2, Griffiths (31) ; 3, Burrows (7). Time, 12 2-ssec. _

One Mile Bicycle lia.ndicsp.—Winners of heath: R. T. Lawson (St. Helens), J. Houghton (Stockton Heath), H. Mountleld (Warrington), B. Gornall (Warrington). Final : 1, Mounfield (40 yards) ; 2, Gornall (55 yards); 3, Houghton (30 yards). Time, 2min. 42 2-ssec. Good riding in heats and final. Half-mile Flat.-1, Alf. Burges.? (14 yards) ; 2, Albert Burgess (14 yards) ; 3, J. Ditchfield (23 yards). Time 2min. 21secs." A grand race, two yards separating first and second. Same distance between second and third. The success of the Brothers Burgess was very popular. Thirteen ran. 200 Yards Scholars' Race.—Qualified for final: T Charnock (Simm's Cross), N. Prescott (Warrington road), H. Curtis (Warrington-road), J. McCormick (St- Bede's), T. Leach (West Bank), W. Gregory (St. Bede's). R. Gregory (National), G. Harrison (Warrington-road), W.Vates (Warrington-road). Final: 1, J. McCormick (St. Bade a) ; 2, T. Charnock (Simm's Cross) ; 3, R Gregory (National). One Mile Flat Handicap (district).-1, A. Shaw, St Helens (70 yards) ; 2, G. Watmough, Warrington (75 yards) ;3, Alf. Burgess, Widnes (47 yards). Time,4mln. 31 sec. Shaw led last lap, and, running with good judgment, won rather easily. Five Miles Bicycle Race (confined to members of Widnes Cycle Club).—Five competed. Race declared off owing to men failing to cover the distance within time limit.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
OPEN EVENTS.

120 Yards Flat Handicap.—Winners of heats : R. E. Collin (Liverpool H. and A.C.), J. McDonald (Widnes). T. Ashton (Davenham), R. G. Hughes (Liverpool H. and AC.), A.E.N. Parry (Liverpool H. and A.C. ), J. R. Lynch (Liverpool H. and AC.), C. B. Cocking (South- port. Second round : J. McDonald, R. G. Hughes, J. P. Lynch and G. B. Cocking qualified for final, Final : 1, Lynch (10,14) ; 2, Cocking (91); 3, McDonald (11). Time, 12sec. Won easily. Good third. , Half-Mile Flat Handicap.—First heat : 1, W. H. Hocken' Bootle (41) ; 2, R. Bennett, Warrington ((H)-; 13, W. T. Webb, Crewe (34). Second heat: 1, G. A. Walker' , Tranmere (47) ; 2 A. Shaw, St. Helens (41) ; 3, P. McCann, Widnes (69.). Third heat: 1, A. G. Roberts (37) ; 2, H. W. Daggett, Manchester (38) ; 3, J. Bibby, Warrington (60). Final : 1, Roberts ; 2, Walker; 3, Daggatt. Time 2min. lsec, Half-Mile Bicycle Race.—Winlers of heats : C. Hutton (Widnes), E. West (Stockport), F. Johnson (Widnes), R. Allen (Widnes). J. Ray (Warrington). Final : 1, West ; 2, Hutton ; 2, Allen. Time, 1 min, 11 1-5 secs. Won by a wheel. One Mile Cycle Handicap.—Winners of heats: H. Wood (Chester), 3. Houghton (Stockton Heath), C. Hutton (Widnes), R. Allen (Widnes), E. West (Stock- port). Final: 1, West; 2, Hutton: 3, Wood and Allen dead-heated. Time, 3min. 23 1-ssec. 100 Yards Flat Scratch.—l, A. Hargreaves (South- port) ; 2.H. S. Buck (Liverpool) ;3, J. Moran. Time, 10 3-ssec. Grand race. Buck got off his mark finely, but Hargreaves overhauled and passed him. Good third. I Quarter-Mile Flat Handicap.—Winners of heats: R. IBennett (Warrington), J. Randle (Winnington Park), I W. Kelley (Liverpool), J. Lea (Sefton Harriers), W. H. I Hocken (Bootle), A. G. Roberts (Chester). Final : 1, IJ. Handle; 2, A. G. Roberts; 3, W. H. Hocken. Time, 53sec. . .

===== 0002601_19070720_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON,

MR. J. A. SEDDON'S EPIGRAM FOR THE SOCIALIST.

Mr. J. A. Seddon, M.P., speaking at Stockport on Sunday night upon Socialism, said that Socialists were often charged with believing in free love. It was dis- honourable of their opponents to hurl such a charge against them. As Socialists they believed there could be no home where there was no chastity, love and honour.—A man might be a Socialist and not be a Christian, but it was absolutely impossible for a man to, be a Christian and not a Socialist.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
ORANGEMEN'S PARADE AT HAYDOCK.

On Sunday afternoon the annual church parade o! the Ashton-in-Makerfield district of the Loyal Orange Institution was held at St. Mark's Church. Between 200, and 300 members from Ashton. Earlestown, and Hay- dock assembled at the Colliery Schools and marched in procession through the principal streets to the church. The service was conducted by the curate-in-charge, the Rev. T. S. Stoney, who preached from the text," Be ye clean that bear the vessels of the Lord." - 'MESSRS. McCORQUODALE'S.

On Saturday about 32 members of the staff of the above firm left Newton at about one o'clock for a drive, by coach to Hale, through Warrington, Moorr., Runcorn, and crossing the Mersey and canal by the Transporter Bridge to Widnes. Tea was provided at the Child of Hale Hotel,and the party afterwards spent a very pleasant time in playing at bowls and visiting the places of interest in the district, the quaint old church coming in for a fair amount of attention. The route on the return journey was through Farnwortho. Newton being reached at about ten p.m. The arrange- ments were carried out by Mr. Hindley, end gave - satisfaction to all.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
GAS WORKERS' PICNIC.

The Newton-in-Makerfield gas workers held their second annual picnic on Saturday when about 20 of them went, in waggonettes to Lvmm. A bowling handi- cap took place at the Plough Hotel, prizes being corn- petad for. Some very exciting play took place, Mr. T. Swift winning the first prize, Mr. J. Haggard the second, anil Mr. J. Morrisev, the third. The rain some- what interfered with the play, but a very pleasant time was spent and an excellent tea was provided by the proprietress, Mrs. Holliwell. GAS-STREET SCHOOLS.

On Saturday, A sale of work, including a jumble sale was held in the Gas-street Schools, the proceeds to be deroted to the purchase of a piano for the use of the schools. It was opened at 2.30 by Mrs. Airey, of Newton, who was introduced br the Vicar (the Rev. J. Ryder). A vote of thanks was passed to Mrs. Airey for her services, and Miss Mabel Goff presented her with a bouquet. The ladies in charge of the stalls were:— Stall 1., fancy and pottery, Mrs. Arthur Smith and Miss. E. Watkins; Stall 11., plain clothing, Mrs. Austin and Mrs. Goff ; Staff TIT., jumble stall, Mrs. Chandley and Miss Wilkinson; Stall IV., refreshments, Mesdames, Thornton, Smith, Percival and Markland ; Stall V.,. bran tub, Miss S. Blything. A musical entertainment was given during the day by the school children, and it reflected very creditably on Mrs. Chandley (head— mistress of the school). Songs :were given by Miss Airey and Miss Pickersgill, and Miss Rottomley played solos on the piano. The sale realized nearly £2O.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

ST. HELENS POLICEMAN ASSAULTED. John Hardman, a young man living in Tontine-street, pleaded guilty at St. Helens on Monday to charges of drunkenness and assaulting the police, and William Price, a companion, admitted being ' drunk. Police.. constable Anders said he found the men engaged in a stand-up fight in Barrow-street at eleven o'clock on Saturday night. They fought their way into a private house and disturbed the occupants while at suppe Hardman butted him in the face and kicked him.— Hardman was fined 15s. and colts and Price 10s. and costs.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
GAS EXPLOSION AT ST. HELENS.

Considerable alarm was caused in the neighbourhood of Rigby-street, St. Helens, on Saturday evening by an evplosion which took place at the house of Mr. John Fairhurst, 52, Rigby-street. The explosion or—mrred when Mrs. Fairhurst and her son Lambert., aged twenty- one, were in the bedroom, and it wrecked the ceilings of the parlour, and kitchen, blew the windows into the street, and cracked the lobby wall, besides blowing the partition wall out of position. Mrs. Fdirhurst went into the bedroom about 7.45 p.m., and noticed a strong smell of gos. She called to her son, who struck a, couple of matches, with the inevitable result that the gas exploded.

ST. HELENS LABOURER'S SUPPOSED SUMIDE. On Saturday night the Present police recovered the body of William Taylor, a widocver, forty-nine yeaas of age. of St. tfelens-road, Prescot, from a pond in Eccleston Nursery. Dee. .sed was a labour, employed at Sutton Heath Colliery, St. Helens. About half-past six on Saturday night hi left home for the purpose of going to Eccleston. Shortly afterwards a young boy saw the man in the middle of the pond with his head above the water. He ran and informed some men, and Police Consts.hle Guest came on the scene and recovered the body, but life was extinct..

FOOTBALLER'S ESCAPADE AT ST. HELENS. David Traynor, the well-known St. Helens and Swin- ton Rugby footballer, Appeared before the St. Helens magistrates on Tuesday as the result of a drunken escapade the previous night.—The Chief Constable called John Oldham, a youth, of Claughton-street, who said he was going along George-street about seven p.m. on Monday when Traynor and four other men were standing by the side of the street. Traynor ran out and pitched witness and another boy off the handcart. Traynor threw one of his mates on to the cart and then ran it up and down the road. The cart was smashed. Then Traynor and his mates went along to the Hippodrome, and he picked up a basket of oranges belonging to a girl named Rose Everall. He also struck the girl,and used very bad language. Traynor pleaded that he had no intention to do any harm. He denied that he assaulted the girl. Mr. Ellerington said prisoner had been there ten times before. He was a footballer, and at certain times he believed that the streets belonged to him and that he could do as he liked. He seemed to think that it was very clever to be knocking people about. Traynor was fined £l. is. or twentv-eight days for the theft, £1 4s. or twenty-eight days for the assault, and 9s. 6d. or seven days for damaging the handcart.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

LmEnm. CLUB.—Members of the above dab will be phased to learn that the alterations are practically completed. and the Club will shortly be re-opened. The billiard table has been thoroughly renovated, and will be quite up-to-date. The rooms have been tastefully decorated, and present a very inviting appearance. The work has been carried out by Mr. El. J. Mainley.

PAfIISR COUNCIL. The statutory meeting of the above Council was held in the Wesleyan School on Monday. Dr. T. A. ,Murray, J.P. presided and the following members were present: Messrs. Woodward, Withenshaw, Houghton, Routledge, and the Clerk, Mr. E. Foster. The minutes 'of the last meeting were read and passed. The Clerk reported that the Station-road footpath had been. attended to, and the childrens' swings on tho Recreation Ground were •now locked up each week end. Messrs. F. N. Gilbert and A. Seed were re-elected managers for the Wesleyan School on tho proposition of Mr. Withinshaw, seconded by , Mr. J. Woodward.

The Clerk read the following letter from the County Council removing the disqualification attached to Mr. James Woodward re his charge for repairing the fountain !cc.

"At meeting of the County Council of Lancaster held at the County Hall, Preston: on Thurs- day the second dav of May, 1907, present, County, Alderman W. Scott Barrett (chairman), &c., resolved that upon the recommendation of the Parliamentary Committee, and in accordance with the power given to the County Council by Section 46 (3) of the Local Government Act, 1894 'the dis- qualification attaching to Mr. James Woodward, Et mem- ber of the Penketh Parish Council, by reason of his undertaking the keeping in repair of the Jubilee Fountain, etc, in the parish, be removed, as in the opinion of the Council the removal of such disqualifica- tion will be beneficial to the parish." The correspondence was theu dealt with. A letter was read from Mr. A. T. Clay, asking information on the following points :—(1) The recent change of Over- Iseers of the parish. (2) The abandonment- of the Penketh Station by the Registrar of Births and Deaths • and (3) The unprotected state of the pit in Station-road. With regard to the Registrar's office, it was proposed by Mr. Houghton, seconded by Mr. Withinshaw, that the Clerk be instructed to write the Board of Guardians to ask if they had been notified of the step taken. The Chairman promised that the pit should have the attention of the Council.

--With regard to the first question, the Council resolved into Committee, and on the return of the Press repro- tentatives, no answer was given on this matter. The Clerk asked the reporters to call the attention of the parishioners to sea that their names were on the Voters' List, and to notify him of any omission. CONGRATULATING TIfE CHAIRMAN. Mr. Routledge said he now had a very pleasing task to perform, and that was to congratulate the Chairman on the honour he had bronght to the village. He did so by moving the following resolution :—" That the, members of this Council beg to offer their congratulations to Dr. Murray, J.P., on his election as Chairman of the Rural District Council and his elevation to the Magis- terial Bench and that the Clerk record the Council's satisfaction upon the honour conferred on the Chairman" Mr. Withinshaw seconded and the mbtion was sup- ported by all the members present. Dr. Murray thanked the Council for their kind remarks and said he considered the honour was to the parish, and he hoped to do justice to both the parisl. and himself. The meeting then closed.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. _ _

===== 0002601_19070720_art0070.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
N

===== 0002601_19070720_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
;.: 1 , , . , . * ~, , .',_; 1 - , , ..1,- , i ,_14‘.., .. . , .; i , 1 -' ,i .- ~1 i., : A ,-1„ ~ ',.. , • , 1,41:1 , , ' o ..-.:q' . .. 1 , . ~ i 1 t g . -, Jl, ~,ii '-,:' I ~..,.., '-., I _...„:_,..:1 _, ~ .itri . ....7 .i ‘., 0 If ~, '. '_.. ' . ji ' 't , t- ' ~,I , .: i., '`l:r, ~ _ • . i::1-, i ' I ... : 0 .„ rb . '-;

===== 0002601_19070720_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

In the matter of the weather Warrington have been very unlucky this year and their inability to complete matches on account of rain makes their task of lifting the championship one of great difficulty. On Saturday they should have met St. Helens Recs and had every reason to look for victory when rain prevented any play, and instead of a possible two they only counted one point.

The league tables to date are : FIRST DIVISION. Club P. W. L. D. Pts. St. Helens Warrington Earlestown Prescot St. Helens Recs Stanley Newton

SECOND DIVISION. Earlestown Prescot Warrington Newton St. Helens Recs. lO 3 6 1 7 St. Helens Stanley

The second eleven just managed to secure the victory in their encounter with St. Helens Recs second. Owing to rain the start was considerably delayed and when play commenced St. Helens had first knock. With nine wickets down they had 90 runs on the board and as there was only an hour left to play the closure was applied. St. Helens had, however, reckoned without their hosts and Bainbridge and Dolan commenced to bang the bowling about. Playing against time both took great risks but the end justified the means. „Bainbridge scored 27, and after several batsmen had failed Thewlis joined Dolan.

Of late Thewlis has given evidence of great hitting Dowers and in record time on Saturday ran up 13. Warrington when the last over was bowled required two to win. Dolan was facing the bowler and bad several balls trotted un from which it was impossible to score. The last ball was delivered before his oppor- tunity came and stepping out he drove it for two amidst the cheers of the spectators. Going in second wicket he was not out for 25 and played a really splendid innings.

--- Castle Rubber made but a poor show when opposing Fletcher's in the second round of the Works Competi- tion and were all out for 24. Fletcher's proceeded to knock off the runs required to win in 10 minutes, and when their 50 minute innings was concluded were 101 for G wickets.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

Rain last Saturday greatly interfered with play in the first round of the individual main of the Warring- ton Works Association. Play will be resumed this afternoon, when it is hoped to complete both the first and second rounds. The feature of Saturday's games was the defeat of A. Gleave, the Lancashire County player. Playing against W. Randles, Gleave got his first wood home, when to the surprise of all his opponent secured the block, an with a run of 15 won the game. Others who won their matches were: J. J. Sit elhorn. W. Molvneux, R. Warburton, J. Saunders, R. Price, W. Hutchinson, W. Roughley (Monks), R. Fairbrother, J. Richardson. A. Siddall, A. Broadhurst, A. Stringer, J. Davies, J. Broadhurst, F. Dale, TT! Coombes.

Next Saturday the annual charity match with Eccles Association will be nlaytd on the 'Grapes Hotel Green, Eccles. Last year the financial result was highly satis- factory £lO being divided between the Warrington Nursing. Association end the Eocles and Patricroft hospital. and it is hoped that this year's tournament will be equally successful. The Warrington team selected is G. Ball. captain, G. Ball jun., sub captain, T. Horrobin, H. Daintith. G. Holbrook, J. Bowyer, W. Simister. J. Sirnister, G. Clive, W. Patrick, B. Tomlin- son, F. Swift. W, Bandies, A. Gleave, T. Harrison, A. E. Burdett, W. Cottam. J. Broadhurst. B. Ball, T. Lawton, Glpay., T. Rigby..T. Jefferson, A. Scott. T. Humphreys T. O'Brien. J. Nionits, A. itostern, F. Millar and .T. Daintith, Mr. N.Coolt will be the referee.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
Swimming.

Warrington are evidently too good for Everton, and on Wednesday succeeded in defeating them for the second time this season. The match was in the second round for the Northern Counties Championship and was decided at Margaret-street Baths, Liverpool, on Wed- nesday night before a fairly large company. In the first portion Warrington defended the deep end. Play was at once taken into Everton quarters, and C. Ashton and Pemberton put on points for the visitors. The shooting of the homesters was very poor, and several times the ball was sent wide of the posts. Half-time—Warrington 2 goals, Everton nil. On changing ends the Everton team were again unable to make headway, while C. Ashton added two more goals to the Warrington total. Result :—Warriogton 4 goals. Everton nil.

This is the first time that Warrineton have qualified for the semi-final of any cup competition, and it is to be hoped that their victory will encourage them to aspire to creater honours in the semi-final when War- rington meet Bolton.

St. Helens are due at Warrington on Thurgday even- ing next, this being a Liverpool and District match. In the away match in .Tune last the game resulted in a draw of four goals each, hnt with the advantage of the bath the local team should about win.

On the same night the second round of the Works Squadron Competition will be swum off, the competing teams being Co-operative Stores v. Walker end Sons, -and Pearson and Knowles v. Post Office. These two events should produce some good swimming.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Religious Education.

Rev. J. R. Jones Addresses Sunday School

Teachers.

The quarterly meeting of the Warrington and District Sunday School Teachers Association, which took the form of a garden party was held in the Vicarage grounds at Padgate on &ant-lay. After tea a service was held in the Church, when an address was given by the Rev. J. R. Jones, vicar of Sankey, on the text "Train up a child in the way he should go." He (the preather) honestly believed that every Sunday 'school teacher should be a full communicant of his church, as the office was the highest, grandest, and noblest anyone could take in hand. In this age, when there was so much wrangling in the political world as to whether a child should be taught his duty towards 'God and his neighbour, or whether it was better to turn him out into the world and let him find out these things for himself ; when the political atmosphere was charged with a spirit of secularism, when the forces of unbelief were marshalling themselves together to assault the founda- tions of Christianity, it was as important as ever that -the Christian Church, should make no mistake, but declare her intention to carry out the injunction of their divine Lord and Master, that the child should be brought to Him. It was idle to deny that the Christian Church was threatened. Never since England had been a nation had such a threat been held over the heads of the inhabitants as was held over it now. Therefore it came to pass that men and women who valued the "faith once delivered to the saints" were presenting a bold front, and were working hard and sincerely for their belief that, whatever others might say, they maintained that without God nothing would be really •strong and truly holy. It was a mistake to say that a nation could be strong without God; such a proposi- tion could not be established. They must start right if they hoped to end right, and whatever otbers might say that above all things the fear of the Lord was the beginning of all true progress.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
LErrga RETURNED AFTER 31 YEARS.

Thirty-one years ago Captain Owen, of the Crown Inn, Carnarvon, was absent on a voyage to Mexico. His wife wrote him a letter addressed to Mexico, affixing the then ordinary shilling postage. The captain did not receive the letter. This week Captain Owen's scan at Carnarvon was surprised to receive, through the dead-letter office, the letter his mother had written to her husband before her son's birth.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARLES FORDE'S

W*, t Kofk,7, N • .;;; .11.11 , , „,, ; ' 01 • • '.I.N .• el, • s. •

===== 0002601_19070720_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

Volunteer Band at Manchester. The Warrington Volunteer Band, under the con- ductorship of Bandmaster Richardson, played selec- tions of music in Cheetham Park on Sunday.

Ambulance Successes. At Northwich Parochial Fête on Saturday, the War- rington corps of the St. John Ambulance Brigade won the fifth prize. Messrs. Peter Walker and Sons team gained the eighth prize. PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANOASHIRB.—Advt. Memorial to Poynton icar. The parishioners to Poynton have decided to erect a suitable memorial to the late vicar, the Rev. T. Bridge, M.A., a native of Warrington who received his early education at the Blue Coat School. The proposal is to spend about £2OO in providing a lych- gate for the main entrance to the churchyard. Local Athletic Successes. At Altrincham Rose Society sports on Saturday, J. Leather, Sankey Harriers, won the 100 yards race off the ten yards mark, and was also third in the 200 yards race. L. Green, Sankey Harriers, carried off the third prize in the quarter mile. At Wrexham sports, J. Spencer, of Warrington, won the 120 yards handicap for competitors who had never won a first prize, and he also won the first prize in the quarter- mile race from the 5 yards mark. Bay's Foolhardiness. _

the dangers attending the practice of children of "hanging on" to vehicles was emphasised on Monday. About 4.30 a horse and lurry belonging to Mr. E. Isherwood, and laden with wire, were going along Crossley-street, when a boy named Gilbert Allen, aged five years, of 12, Back Crossley-street, commenced to swing on the back of the lurry. His right foot was trapped between the spring and the wheel, and before it could be released, the lurry, containing iron, had to be unloaded. The lad was taken to the Infirmary for treatment.

PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LA.NCASHERE.—Advt.

Local Athlete Injured

C. Berry, the lea-ding Warrington cyclist, met with a serious accident on Saturday whilst riding in the mile championship race of the N.C.U. at the Man- chester Wheelers' Sports. He won his heat in 2min. 23sec.—the best time of all the heats—but in the final was badly thrown. The final was ridden so slowly that the pistol was fired, declaring the race void. Then the riders made a spurt in the last lap, and three, including Berry, of them came off. The Warrington man fractuwd his collar bone and was taken to the Manchester it nfirmary, the officers of the St. John Ambulance Corps having rendered first aid. Wycliffe P.S.A.

McEachern presided over the Wycliffe P.S.A. meeting on Sunday and related some of his experience, when engaged on the sea. Mr. Dance, of Newton Heath, was the speaker and dealt with " The Ideal Character, What a man is, not what he says." Icicles, if water were pure, would present a beautiful appear- ance, but if the water was muddy, they could not do so. So in their lives they must be pure in heart, and life would be beautiful. A man would then be good at home as well as abroad. Mr. Joseph Garner and the Secretary also took part in the meeting. Mr. Frank Hickman presided at the organ, and played in a skilful manner.

CHINA. TEA SETS.—Special show of latest art patterns. See windows, J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge- street, Warrington.—Advt. Fatal Fall. Mr. S. Brighouse held an inquest at the Police Station, on Tuesday morning, on the body of Mary Ann Welch, aged 84 years, 35, Dixon-street, who died on Saturday as the result of a fall. Hannah Dalton, deceased's daughter stated that about 11.45 on Friday last Mrs. Welch left the kitchen to go to her bedroom. Shortly afterwards witness beard a noise, and on going upstairs, found deceased lying on the bedroom floor. Witness asked her what was the matter, and she said she was standing on a chair to close the window, when she slipped and fell. Dr. Fox was called in, and he found her to be suffering from a fractured thigh. She died at 4.30 on Saturday after- noon. A verdict of "accidental death" was returned. Druids' Picnic. The members of the "Lord Elliot" Lodge of Druids on Saturday held a picnic to Bollington. The party numbered about 30 and was conveyed by 'bus to the Stamford Arms. Here a game of bowls was played between the teams selected by Bros. Hardman and Hall, Mr Hardmans team winning easily by 54 points. Later an excellent tea was partaken of, after which the Firth Glee Party, consisting of Messrs. Carter, Kenwright, Holloway, and the Bros. Brb.-Ns,entertained the members with glees and songs, which were highly appreciated, other songs being given by Bros. Hall and Blackwood. The thanks of the members were given to Bros. Hall and Palmer for their services in arranging the outing. Warrington was again reached at 10.30.

Robbed the Horses. At the Borough Police Court, on Monday, James Seed, Mill-lane, was charged with stealing a quantity of provender, the property of his empltyer, Edward llsherwood, contractor; and George Peplow, King- street, was charged with receiving the same.—Mr. T. S. Steele, who prosecuted, said that the prisoner Seed was in charge of the Mill-lane stables, and it was his duty to see that the horses under his care were properly fed. On visiting the stables on Friday last, Mr. Istierwood noticed that the horses were looking in poor gondition. It was a very serious case, as prisoner was not only robbing his employer, but also was acting in a cruel manner to the horses.—The magistrates fined Seed £4 and costs or two months, and Peplow 40s. and costs or one month. LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STR,EET.—Adtv. Suicide. An inquest was held at the Police Station on Tues- day morning on the body of John Wilkins (44), wood turner, who resided at 14, Sutton-street, and who committed suicide last week.—Elizabeth Wilkins, wife of the eceased, said that the previous Thursday night her husband came home the worse for drink. Witness left him in the kitchen while she went for her child at the front. On her return twenty minutes later she missed him. She searched for him and eventually found him hanging by the neck from a. rope attached to a beam in an outhouse in the back- yard. She informed the police, and artificial respira- tion was tried, but without success. Deceasel had been drinking heavily for some time ; and he often said he would put an end to himself.—The jury returned a verdict of " Suicide during temporaryl insanity."

Attack on a Wife. John Hargreaves, Russell-street, was charged at the Borough Police Court on NTonday with an aggravated assault on his wife Loniga. Mrs. Hargraves stated on Saturday night prisoner awoke in a mad fit and stabbed her in the chest with a knife (produced). She ran out of the house, screaming, and met P.C. Lewis. The officer said the woman was bleeding very much from her breast. He went home with her, and Hargreaves said, " It's a pity I did not finish her. You get out of this house or I will serve you the same." Prisoner rushed at Lewis, who closed with him, and knocked him down. P.C. Fish took the woman to the Infirmary, where her wound was stitched. Mrs. Hargreaves said there had been no quarrel, but the prisoner came home the wcirse for drink. Hargreaves, however, alleged that he found his wife drunk in bed. Prisoner was sentenced to a month's imprisonment, as his wife did not press the case. GARDEN TENTS.—Tennis,Prognet, and other out- door sports.—.l. S. GARLAND, 51, Brie-street, Warrington.—Advt.

Crosfield's Band at Belle Vue. One of the p-incipal band contests of the year was held at Belle Vue on Saturday. Twenty brass bands from the North of England competing. The names of the bands were : —Hebden Bridge, Parr Temperance (St. Helens), Heptonstall, Gnmesthorpe, • Felling Colliery (Silver), Dalton Town, Palmer's Works (Jarrow), Batley Old, Irwell Street (Salford), Spencer's Steel Works (Newcastle), Wilson Line (Hull), Pendle- ton Old, Shaw, Kirby Colliery (Notts), Haughton Main Colliery, Pendleton Public, Crosfield's Soap Works, Irlam St. John's, King's Cross Subscription, Barrow Shipyard. The test piece was a selection from Bellies opera," Ii Pirate," arranged by Lieu t.Charles Godfrey, and the adjudicators were Messrs. J. O. Shephard (Liverpool) and J. W.Beswick (Manchester). Their awards were-1 (£2O), Shaw, Oldham (con- ductor, W. Rimmer) ; 2 (£l2), Hebden Bridge (W. Rimmer); 3 (IS), Crosfield's Soap Works Warringta (conductor,_ W. Halliwell) ; 4 (£6), Pendleton Old (J. Gladney); a (.£4), Palmer's Works, Jarrow-on-Tyne (J. A. Greenwood). A medal was awarded to each member of the winning bands.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 20, 1907.

THE VOICE OF LABOUR.

Edited by John Workman.

- Readers of this column are invited to assist in making it interesting and helpful to social workers by contributing themselves. Correspondents must write on one side of the paper only, and endeavour to make their letters and notes short and to the point. A nom-de-pi/one may be used, but the real name of the writer should be forwarded in confidence to the Editor of the column. M.S.S. must be addressed to John Workman, " Examiner " Office, Warrington. and should be sent in not later than Wednesday in each. week.

lam away on holiday. The weather is fine, the company excellent. Ido not wish to be disturbed. For a few days at any rate, politics and all that politics stand for are as dead letters. Even Mr. C. E. Parker's letters do not tempt me. When I return to the hum-drum of town life, I shall doubtless become again permeated with its ideals (?) For the moment, I'have given myself up to the rest cure.

Where I am there are no notice boards warning trespassers that they will be prosecuted. The air is free and so is the land —or a lot of it at any rate. I will reply to Mr. Parker's letter on my return. In the meantime, it would be helpful to know what he means by every man getting the fruits of his labour, the whole fruits and nothing but the fruits. As I write, men are carting hay from the fields ; some are busy stacking it ; ot,i ers are carrying refreshments. I am set wondering —to whom does the hay belong ? To the gatherers, or the carters, or the stackers ? To the landlord or the farmer ? If they all get the fruits of their labour how much do you think will the refreshment carriers get? The sun is shining and the dogs are barking for my company. I must away. lam just going to drink your health.

JOHN WORKAAN.

PUBLIC HEALTH-REFORMS WANTED.

An address delivered by Councillor Stott at Bridge Foot last Sunday evening on the Medical Officer's report is deserving of notice in these columns, and should be of special interest to the working classes seeing that they are the greatest sufferers from the unhealthy conditions which exist in Warrington. The figures quoted from the report regarding the death rate and other matters were of such a character as to impress any man or woman who gives any considera- tion to questions of sanitation and health. Councillor Stott pointed out that although Warrington is a com- paratively small town, and surrounded by open country, the death rate was considerably higher than the average for the 76 great towns. He also showed the striking difference in the death rate between Whitecross Ward with 12.8 per thousand, and St. John's Ward with a death rate of 209. The report states that St. John's Ward has a population of nearly 11,000. It contains some very bad slums, and yards and alleys innumerable It was also pointed out to the audience that St. John's Ward has no open space or recreation ground, and the speaker suppested that it would be an advantage from a health standpoint to demolish some of the slums and provide open spaces with the land. The figures quoted by the speaker regarding the infantile death rate were nothing less than tragic. The rate for England and Wales is 133 per thousand births, whereas Warrington has a death rate of 157 per thousand. In connection with the infantile death rate we have the same alarm- ing contrasts between the Wards as there is in the general death rate. For instance, Whitecross Ward had last year an infantile death rate of 110 per thousand births whereas St. John's Ward had an infantile death rate of 214 per thousand. If we are to be guided by scientists and experts in hygiene, who state that under healthy conditions the death rate of infants should not exceed 5 or 6 per cent. of the births then the remark of Councillor Stott that three out of every four of the children born are being murdered is no exaggeration. One important fact in connection with the high infantile death rate is that the conditions which are responsible for, the death of so many have a detrimental effect on those who survive, which is seen in later years. Another distressing feature which was referred to by the speaker, was the fact that last year there were 110 deaths from Phthisis in Warrington. It has to be recognised that persons suffering from this disease are a danger to the public, the more so if as often happens, the poverty of the last stage of their lives prevents their being isolated and properly cared for.

It is becoming recognised that the State has a duty to perform both for the amelioration of the patients themselves, and for the protection of the more fortunate remainder who are free.

Councillor Stott pointed out to his audience that the powers of the Health Committee in dealing with cases of Phthisis were very limited. He suggested that the Small-pox Hospital at Sankey ought to be used a Sanatorium where cases of Phthisis could be isolated and treated in accordance with the best medical and scientific knowledge. This being a question which so vitally affects every individual It does appear that for our own protection the Warrington Town Council ought to take every precaution to prevent the spread of this terrible disease. Many other matters of interest to the workers were referred to by the speaker, but which we can only briefly mention, such as the smoke nuisance, the miles of unpaved streets, adulteration of food. In the time of Edward the Ist, an Act was pissed to prevent adulteration of food. Any butcher, baker, or grocer found tampering with the quality of his goods was dragged through the streets and pilloried, a method of punishment which appears to have been very affective in stopping adulteration. In connection with School Hygiene we were told that out of 1,009 children examined by the late Medical Officer, not less than 921 were found to be more or less defective, ,105 of them being mentally deficient. Referring to the comments in the report regarding the declining Mlth rate, the speaker said that he was more concerned about saving those who are born. - The reforms advocated by Councillor Stott were demolition of all slum property ; paving of streets and back passages before houses are occupied ; provision of more open spaces and playing fields, better and cheaper bathing facilities, registration of births within 48 hours; compulsory. notification of phithisis cases,l systematic inspection of school children ; municipal milk supply; security of employment at wages suffi- cient to live in decency and comfort.

We must confess it is rather a large programme, but every reform is a much need one. We commend them to the readers of this column for their earnest con- sideration,

===== 0002601_19070720_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FABIAN SOCIETY.

The Secretary of the Fabian Society writes I venture to ask you to let me inform 'such of your readers as are secretaries of debating or mutual improvement societies, or any similar organisations connected withieligious bodies or political parties, that the Fabian Society is making arrangements to supply lectures for next autumn and winter on the wide range of subjects covered by the terms Socialism and Social Reform. Besides the well- known speakers of our Society, who always have more applications for their services than they can meet, we have numbers of younger men and women not yet famous who are capable speakers and well acquainted with the subjects they undertake. In the London area such lecturers can always be supplied. Elsewhere we will do our best to deal satisfactorily with applications made to us. Applicants for such lectures should give full particulars both of the dates and times of the lectures and of the size and class of the audience ; and if at any distance from London they should state whether the travelling expenses of the lecturer can be paid.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Volunteer Parade.

An interesting parade in connection witn the Ist. V.B,P.W.V. South Lancashire Regiment was held on Saturday. To the number of 550 the men assembled at the Drill Hall at 4.30 and proceeded by way of Sankey-street and Stockton Heath to a field at Appleton kindly lent by Mr. Lambert. Here they exercised in battalion drill, &c. Later refreshments were served on the field,and the men returned to the Drill Hall, which was reached at 9 nine o'clock, by way of Latchford and Bridge-street. On the outward journey the Mounted Infantry company acted as right guard, but rejoined the battalion at the cross roads just south of the Appleton Rifle Range. The Cyclist company acted as left flank guard and pushed on a section to secure Appleton Thorn ; and when in possession of Appleton Thorn strong patrols were sent forward by the Cyclist company to reconnoitre Arley* and Great Budworth. On parade were Lieutenant Colonel Edelsten (commanding officer), Major J. D. Fairclough, Captains Roberts (acting as adjutant), Crosfield, Smith, Owen and Layton, Lieutenants Monks, Picton, Lepage, Roberts, E. Fairclough, and Captain and Quarter- master Potter, V.D.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. C. B. AYLWARD'S RESIGNATION,

Presentations from School of Art Students.

Mr. C. B. Aylward, who recently resigned the head- mastership of the Warrington School of Art and leaves this town for Sussex, was on Wednesday evening the recipient of a handsome gift from past and present students of the School of Art. The presentation took place at the school in the presence of a large gathering, Councillor Fulton Smith (chairman of the Education Committee) presiding. Mr. W. H. Sherburn wrote apologising for the absence of his son Mr, Harry Sher- burn and paying a tribute to Mr. A3lward's devotion to art.

The CHAIRMAN said they had come to a period which was usually marked as eventful in the history of one's life. They did their daily duty and they did it with a love of duty and with that satisfaction which always , followed faithful work. It came as a pleasure when ; they found that, unknown to themselves, their faithful- ness in duty had been appreciated and looked up to by others. It was in that spirit that they gathered there that night. Mr. Aylward who had been in the town for a good number of years was now about to sever his connection with it, and occasion was being taken to let him see that he had been admired and respected. (Applause.) Mr. MILLARD, modelling master at the Manchester School of Art, and a former pupil of Mr. Aylward's, said he had been asked by the Committee to make the presentation. He was certain that if the presentation had been more generally known all the • old boys" would have been present, for he knew that they appre- ciated the efforts of Mr. Aylward. A great many people tried to regard the School of Art at the present time as not being kept up to the standard of a much earlier period. They forgot entirely that Ithe conditions of education in art were abso- lutely opposite to what they were in the old days. If they went through any School of Art in the kingdom and compared the honours boards they would find that where at one period the §tudents obtained twenty or thirty medals in one year, only a solitary one, two or three were won now. Committee members and 'some townspeople had an idea that the falling off was due to certain conditions which could easily be altered and they tried their best to throw it on to somebody's shoulders. There were many other causes besides certain ones that people might think answered for the present type of success, and not simply in that school but in schools all over the country the conditions and the results had altered. There were other circum- stances which were most disheartening to art teachers. Schools of Art were supposed to be built for the benefit of the industries and the general education in art of the nation. In the first place a great many industrial people fought shy of the schools. The masters of works did not tell their apprentices and workmen to go to a School of Art to learn a certain , part of art which might be of benefit to them in their I workshops. In France apprentices were compelled to I spend part of their" time' in technical or art schools. ,It rested more upon the business people of Warrington than upon the school as as to whether the institution was to be of value to the town or not. It was for the inhabitants to take advantage of the facilities provided, but he was afraid it was almost a disposition of the Englishman to lose opportunities that very often foreigners would accept with the greatest gusto. They heard of Germans and French- men coming to this country and doing the work which the British workmen ought to be doing, I but if they saw the en4husiasm of the foreigners in their work they would feel that we in England were not trying as much as the foreigners to educate ourselves. Unless that condition of things were altered he was afraid the schools of art would not benefit. He (Mr. Millard) attributed whatever success he had achieved to the instruction which he received at the hands of Mr. Aylward. (Applause). When he was at the school the students entertained a great affection for Mr. Aylward, and the sympathy existing between , master and students was keener than he had experienced in any similar institution. They regarded him as much as a friend as a teacher and the success of certain of Mr. Aylward's students proved they were justified in showing him their greatest respect and esteem. In the name of the subscribers he was pleased to hand the present to their old master, with every good wish for his future prosperity. ( Applause). I Mr. MILLARD then presented Mr. Aylward with two solid silver rose bowls with four vases to match. The rose bowls were inscribed : "Presented to Mr. C. B. Aylward by the past and present students of the War- rington School of Art, July 17th, 1907." Mr. AYLWARD, who was cordially received, said he was very pleased indeed to accept that handsome present. It would always be cherished, but he could assure them that nothing was needed to help him to treasure the feelings of sympathy which had existed between the students and himself.(Applause),lt was most difficult for a master to be placed in such a position after so many years,but at the same time it was very gratifying for him to receive that gift. He thanked them from the bottom of his heart and he was particularly grateful to the students who bad taken the matter in hand for the trouble they had gone to in communicating with old students all over the country. Alluding to the ques- tion of art applied to industry, Mr. Aylward referred to the visit which he paid to Venice at the request of the Board of Education. He inspected the glass works, being received with great kindness, and obtained a series of photographs which became the possessions of the Warrington School of Art. Mr. Armstrong, the Director at South Kensington, wished to obtain them for the museum there, but be (Mr. Aylward) said he had acquired them for the school over which he had control. One reason why the glass trade was leaving this country was because the general education of the boys and men had not been properly attended to. Unfortunately he (Mr. Aylward) had only had two apprentices who took a great interest in alas.; work and specimens of their produetions were exhibited some years ago. Mr. Aylwara concluded by again expressing his sincere thanks.

Alderman BENNETT said that was an agreeable oppor- tunity of expressing their regard for Mr. Aylward and their good wishes in the change that was about to take place in his residence. The Warrington School of Art was a school of which he (Alderman Bennett) was extremely proud. Every Warringtonian who knew its history had occasion to be proud of it. He did not think there were many schools which had a more glorious history, and when it came to be written he believed a considerable share of that glory would be reflected on Mr. Aylward to whom they were so sorry to say "Au revoir." They would not say " Good-bye " because they hoped to see him again on many occasions. (Applause). On visiting the Royal Academy this year, he (Alderman Bennett) had the opportunity of inspecting many works by Warring- tonians. The most glorious era of the school was apparently under the regime of Mr. Christmas Thompson, and there were pictures by two of his old pupils—four by Sir Luke rildes, and three by Mr. Harry Woods. But that did not exhaust the good work of former students of the school. There were pictures by four other Warringtoniapp„ and what he wanted to impress upon the meeting was that most if not all of those exhibitors were former pupils of Mr. Aylward. (Applause). There was Mr. Millard, for whom he ventured to prophesy considerable distinction in the noble art to v‘hich he had devoted his life. Mr. Garside, for whom he also predicted fame, had two pictures, and there was a most creditable piece of work by Mr. Wilmot Lunt. There were also specimens of work by Messrs. William and Segar Owen. Mr. William Owen took an i active interest n the School for a long time and probably Mr. Segar Owen was a student there. All this showed that the high traditions were not dying out. VVhen Mr. Aylward retired to the pleasant hills of Sussex it would be a source of satisfaction to him .o feel that his career in Warrington was instrumental in helping others to attain the laurels which he (Alderman Bennett) was sure awaited them. (Applause.) Alderman Bennett concluded by moving a vote of thanks to the , Chairman.

Miss MarTRAm, of South Kensington School of Art, and a former student at the Warrington School,secgnded end endolsed everything that had been said in prCse of Mr. Aylward's work. The vote was heartily accorded.

The CHAIRMAN in returning thanks, said that in its earlier days the institution was not so much a school as a society for mutual improvement for the benefit of those who had leisure and ambition, Later a profes- sional was called in and an academy was instituted in order to instruct those who wished to be trained in the elements of art. That continued during the late Mr. Thompson's time. In the old days there Ras a want of appreciation of the fact that science and manufacture went together, but now those dilletante notions had passed away and science in every departipent was a sine qua non. There was a strong feeling that those who had devoted their lives to art and had gained dis- tinction should be able to direct education and exert an influence for the good of the community without being trammelled with the hard and fast routine of teaching the rudiments which ahould be left in younger hands. He hoped that Mr. Aylward would always look back to his work in Warrington with pleasure and sitisfaction. (Applause). OTHER PRESENTATIONS.

The Pupil Teachers and members of Form VT. assembled at the Art School on Thursday, to present to Mr. Aylward a handsome walking-stick in Malacca cane with engraved silver mounted "Cape" horn handle, and inscribed on the mount "Presented to C. B. Aylward Esq. by the Pupil Teachers and Form VT. of the Warrington Secondary School, July 18th, 1907." Mr. STANT:Er C. JoNEs in a short speech introduced the object of the visit. He slid that athis would be the last opportunity which all present would have of seeing Mr. Aylward, they had assembled there that morning to say !!--Good-bye." He asked Mr. Aylward to accept the present on behalf of the pupil teachers and the scholars nf Form VT. Miss LETTICE WARBURTON then made the p*osentaton.

Mr. AYLWARD rose to reply and received an ovation. He said that he was' extremely thankful for the good wishes expressed. He had always felt that the work with the pupil teachers was the most important wok he had engaged in; because in his opinion it tended to raise the standard of art in elementary schools. (Hear, hear.) The walking-stick would always be his com- panion during his walks in the Sussex lanes, and it

would always remind him of the pleasant time spent among those present. (Applause.) During the week Mr. Aylward has been the recipient of many other beautiful presents from the different Forms in the Secondary school. Mr. W. Fletcher on behalf of Form 5a presented Mr. Aylward with a silver match box. Mr. A. Pemberton on behalf of Form 4 asked the Art master to accept a handsome travelling clock; Form 5b gave Mr. Aylward a silver-mounted inkstand which was presented by Mr. E. Lidiard. To THE EDITOR "EXAMINER." 1

Sir,—Like so many others, T. B. Whitby feels that he owes much to Mr. Aylward, and it was very gratifying ' to hear such capital speeches spoken in praise of his (Mr. Aylward's) sound method of teaching, and its successful results, also of the sincere regard and good wishes that all his students and friends hold due to him. Ido hope he will have one of those quiet and very happy lives, in keeping with the beautiful hills and country to which he will shortly be retiring.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILDREN'S MISHAPS.

There's speedy relief from smarting pain in a handy box of Zam-Buk, and mothers should dress the bumped head, scarred knee, or ut finger with this pure healing balm, because it is so pure and antiseptic. A wound or sore heals up painlessly and perfectly under the ideal influence of Zam-Buk, and festering, inflammation, or disease are effectively prevented. Mothers should also keep Zam-Buk handy for the skin troubles that so frequently crop up at this time of the year—sores in the joints owing to excessive per- spiration, blistered feet, sunburns, heat spots, and scalp humours caught from strange playmates in the street. Zam-Buk is Nature's own skin-cure—the natural and never-failing balm that soothes and restores the skin to perfect clearness and health. A valuable accessory in the children's toilet is Zam-tsuk Medicinal Soap, which used regularly, keeps the scalp free from the infectious scalp troubles of children.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
HYGIENE AND TEMPERANCE.

Address by Mr. W. N. Edwards.

There was a large gathering at the invitation of Miss Truda Crosfleld at the Winmarleigh Cafe on Monday afternoon, when a lecture was delivered on" Hygiene and Temperance" by Mr. W. N. Edwards, P.C.S., London.

Miss CROSFIELD presided and in introducing Arr. Edwards said that it was not only good for the body that they should place themselves under self restraint but good also for the temperament. (Hear, hear.) Mr. EDWARDS said that for some time medical men had been advocating the teaching of hygiene in the schools. They had for a long time been teaching the youth of the land how their ancestors lived and the question now arose as to whether it would not be better instead to teach the children how to live themselves. The length of human life had as an average very materially increased owing to the fact that they were more and more beginning to recognize the laws of health and to fulfil those laws. Compared with the time when Queen Victoria ascended the throne women were living three years longer and men about two years longer. When they thought of the incalculable value of human life they could see the importance of that increase which had taken place. Asked to account for it, he could only reply that there were laws relating to life and health, and just in proportion as they learned and obeyed those laws so their lives bad been increased. Disease was not a natural state and could be stamped out. In this country at the present moment there was not a single case of cholera, whereas 30 or 40 years ago the disease was not uncommon and was sometimes present in epidemic form. Nor was there a single case of typhus fever and the stamping out of those diseases was due to the fact that they had learned something of their origin, and then instead of applying a cure had taken preventive measures. It had been estimated by a prominent physician that if man could live without infringing a single law of health he could easily attain the ripe old age of 120 and an old age not of decrepitude but of health and vigour, but there were immense numbers growing up who were entirely ignorant of the laws of health. He could not do more than state the bare fact that 20,000 infants died in this country every year as a result of sheer ignorance on the part of the mothers and it was in order to prevent that that it was desired to instruct boys and girls in the elemen- tary principles of hygiene. Hygiene and temperance were synonymous. Where there was intemperance the laws of hygiene were not being observed. Mr. Edwards proceeded to contrast the value of various foods from a scientific standpoint. Dealing with alcohol he pointed out that it was often urged that alcohol stimulated the brain. It has been proved by experiment that to a certain extent that was correct. For a brief period alcohol did lead to increased activity, of the brain but it was always followed by a long period of brain depression. It could not he controverted that water was the most essential factor in the human life and it had also been proved that water and alcolol in all their properties were as far apart as the poles were asunder and no matter what form of life they took they would discover that alcolol is absolutely inimical. (Hear, hear.) The address was freely illustrated by experiments of a simple character ' which were successfully performed. I During the afternoon refreshments were served and musical items were given by Miss Crosfield, Mrs. Haviour and Mrs. Jackson Holmes.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
A YORKSHIRE CASE. Interesting Evidence.

Mr. S. Wilshaw, Ribble Bank. Settle, writes :—" You will be glad to know that Veno's Seaweed Tor'.c has worked wonders in my case. For the last two years I suffered very much with pain after eating. My stomach was so weak that I could not eat solid food. I lost a great deal of strength and flesh, and was not able to work. I had taken all kinds of medicine; dactors gave up trying to cure me. It was a happy day for me when I started taking Veno's Seaweed Tonic, after the first week the pains were relieved, also the wind, I began to relish my food, and gradually got stronger; now I feel myself cured and able to work."

Veno's Seaweed Tonic cures the worst and most obstinate cases of stomach, liver and kidney diseases. Doctors use it; and for purity, medicinal activity anr. all-round potency it has not its equal anywhere. Price one and three-halfpence and two-and-nine, at chemists everywhere.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

Teachers not to be Insured

A meeting of the Cheshire Education Committee took place at Crewe, on Monday, Dr. Hodgson presiding.

The President of the 136a.rd of Education wrote : "The absence of individual children, whatever be the cause necessarily reduces the average attendance of the school, hut I do not think any serious loss of grant results from exclusion under medical authority—for example, the exclusion of forty children for a week would only involve a loss of about £2 to the local education authority. The method of computing average attendance will, of course, be one of the questions demanding careful consideration in connection with any scheme for reorganising the system of grants; but I have grave doubts whether the system at present in force in secondary schools could be applied without very considerable modification to elementary schools. The Director of Education, in a report on the examina- tions for county junior scholarships, said the work done by the majority of the candidates was disappointinv. Especially was this the case in arithmetic, in which 57 per cent of the candidates obtained not more than 30 per cent of the marks, and not 1 per cent secured 85 per cent of the marks and upwards. The Clerk (Mr. R. Potts) said the County Council had decided that they would not insure teachers under the now Compensation Act, but would accept their liability in reference to the Council schools.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION TRANSFERS,

IHull on Wednesday, paid big tranfer fees for W. Anderson the Wigan half back, and Cottrell, the Flalifax Centre three-quarter. The former has rendered excellent service to Wigan. and was very popular with . its supporters, but he could not come to terms with the Iclub.—Salford have signed on Thomas Paddison, a wing three-quarter, who has played for Merthyr, Llanelly, and Swansea, and Thomas Harris, a forward from Llwynpia, who has also ,played for Plymouth and Somerset County. It is also stated that Walter Clissold the old Penycraig three-quarter, is sound again.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
A VALUABLE RECIPE.

The modern tendency of flying to quack medicines immediately one feels out of sorts cannot be too strongly deprecated. Many of these " cure-alls " have no medicinal value whatever, and others by their action on the body are absolutely harmful. A high medical authority gives the following prescription as being an invaluable remedy in Liver and Kidney troubles, Con- stipationf Pains in the Back, Headache and general lassitude; Tincture of Buchu, one ounce; Compound Karox, one ounce • Syrup of Lemon, two ounces. This will be dispensed by your chemist, or the ingredients may be purcbktsed and mixed at home, at very small cost. Mix by shaking well in bottle and take one teaspoonful after each meal and at bed time.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
MY DEAR I have been most pleased with the large number of essays sent me. It really has been a difficult task to decide the winners, but, after going through them 'Very carefully, I am for- warding the prizes to Gertie Fisher and Jennie Rushby (will both these Nieces please send me their full address ILA was glad to see so many preferred the country, as I am country-bred my- self. After the office work is finished, I go home miles away from the city. I have my roses and sweet peas and begonias now all in full bloom, and I find plenty of work in keep- ing my flowers—not to mention the vegetable garden—in good order. Now, during July and August, many of you will be away on your holidays, either by the sea or in the dear old country. I want each one to send me a picture postcard of the place; or, if you cannot get aopicture card, send a few words on an ordinary postcard, about the place in which you are staying. For the six best received, I shall give six lovely boxes of Fry's Chocolate. Don't forget that I offered last week six dainty pocket mirrors for the six best contri- butions each week. Well, I must close now, with love to all my inembers. UNCLE NED.

•ej HOLIDAY COMPETITI4ON ESSAYS. Dear Uncle Ned,—l am what you may term a real country Molly. I love the country scenes best—fresh air, animals, sport, games, etc. Of course, the sea is lovely, and I like going to see it once a year. What is more charming at this time of year than a pretty country village, surrounded by trees, corn-fields, grass-fields, flowers, all in full bloom, showing us how God loves and cares- for us? The corn is in ear, the grass is now being cut, and you may hear the noise of the reaping machine, and the honest voices of the husbandmen, calling out, "Gee-up, Dobbin." The cows are now looking sleek, and are grazing in the, fields. At 4.30 we fetch them up, and milk them, and get some lovely, pure milk, which is very nour- ishing. You should see the children here, with their rosy cheeks. Then, again, what nice vegetables we get, and to spare; also fruits to make presqrves. Yes, I think we, country chil- dren have much to be thankful for. I hope I shall be lucky enough to earn one of your prizes some day. We shall all try very hard, especially as teacher allows us to do them at school. GERTIE FISHER.

Dear Uncle Ned,—You are asking us little girls which we prefer—country or the sea. Well, perhaps you know the little village of Anwick, with its pretty church. I live at a farm called The Grange—right out of the village—so I know what country life is like. I think I prefer the sea, with its many wonders. How lovely it looks on a summer day, with the blue water, and boats and steamers sailing about it. One would never suppose it is so treacherous at times, would they? I should love to spend my holi- days there, to have a paddle, and a row in a boat, or go for a sail in a steamer. I go to Skegness for a day in the summer. What fun we have, having rides on donkeys! I think Neddy gets treated very badly for our pleasure.' I think the seaside air seems More bracing than the country, don't you? And it seems to suit invalids. Now, dear Uncle, I will write a longer letter next time, as time is short. JENNIE RUSEBY.

Dear Uncle Ned,—lt has been a long time since I have written to you before, but I know you will excuse me, because I have been busy preparing for examinations. The subject you have chosen for competition is a very nice one, so I thought I would send an essay. You see, although I am not a constUnt contributor, I am a constant reader. GLADYS PENN.

A holiday in the country is more enjoyable to me than any seaside resort. To take a trip in the country is most delight- ful when Nature is at her best. The libdgerows are lined with wild flowers and various berries. How splendid the fields look in the sunshine, when the corn aid poppies are waving in the breeze! AD To walk down the shady lanes, with the birds singing overhead, and the leaves rustling be- neath our feet, is very_ pleasing to the ear. The reapers will soon be reaping the golden harvest, and with this signal comes the fun of harvest-time. GLADYS PENN.

,g a pieet, of ttrj own this week. I like both the seaports and the country, but I think the country is the best. My favourite place is Kidderminster. There are several splendid walks over there.

I go in July for my holiday. In that —month there are the flowers out All the houses over there have large gardens, with beautiful flowers growing. There are several beautiful places, such as Habberley Valley, Brinton Park, Stour- port, and Bewdley, and there are several others. Habberley Valley is a splendid valley: it goes down in a hollow; there are several rocky parts, and in some places it is full of trees. There is a large piece of water at Brinton Park.; all around it there are beautiful, large trees, and at the side of the pavement there are all kinds of flowers.

At Stourport there is a large bridge, which hundreds of people go across. There is a large hotel by the side of the river. At Kidderminster, there is a large Town Hall, and a beautifth church, called St. Mary's Church. There is another church, called Baxter Church, and near the church there is a statue, called Sir Rowland Hill Statue. Last year, when I was there, my cce.:ziP arid I went gathering blackberries; all hedgen there are blackberries growing. ELIZABETH STOCKS.

...-..-.-- -...-

Dear Uncle Ned.—The inhabitants of a' town which is not a seaside resort have very little opporttmity of spendi-,,2 a day by the sea. It is quite r. 'eht to see little boys and girls paddlin_w _ad also digging castles. Some people prefer the ferry- boat rather than the steamer, so they row round the tier for an hour or so. Generally, when the fide is in, the people assemble on the pier, where there is a band playing. At some seaside places some men dress up and give a nigger entertainment, which is another source of amusement. Their funny songs and the way they express their words cause roars of laughter. M. H.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l love to spend my holidays in the country. There, with my parents and brother, I could go for long walks over the hills and down in the valleys, running- after the beautiful butterflies and moths. Then go and sit under some shady tree to read, or go and gather leaves of different kinds to press in a book. Another day we would go near a marsh, and get some frogs, which we would tickle, to make them jump about, If we were staying at a farm-house we would go into a field, and sit in a ring while we had our meals. _

BENNY FARD.AR.

De* Uncle Ned,—This is the first time of writing to you, and I hope you will accept me as one of your nephews. There is a little girl in our school writing to you, and she has put "Dear Auntie Ned,' ,nd we are all laughing at the present tim€llll :ou wish to know what place I should, like to visit. Well, both places are nice, hut, you see, .I have lived in the country all my life, so I 'think I must say the sea. I have visited Skegness; and have stood watching the water with wonder—l might say awe—thinking how wonderful it is to keep its place, and not flood the land. How nice, too, it is to have a bathe, and feel the waves gradually coming in. Our clergyman is going to take the Choir to a seaside place this month, and I am looking forward to it with great pleasure. Now, dear Uncle Ned, I must wish you good-bye.

LESLIE PADLEY.

--+---

Dear Uncle Ned,—As we take in your paper, I have asked my teacher if I could write to you, as I see other little girls do. I must tell you I am a real country girl. I love the sea, but I love the country as well. You ought to be here now everything is in full bloom. The laay is cut, and we can have a good romp. If yot wake now at about 2.30 in the morning, you will hear a concert among the dear little birds, each one trying which can sing best. This little village is very pretty, and all around us we can see lovely trees, and churches in the midst with lovely spires. In the evening how quiet and peaceful it all seems—just as a day should end. MAUDE BROTHWELL. —+—. MILK, OH!

Mr. Joners, who intended taking his wife out for a drive one day, asked his milkman, who had a very spirited horse, for the loan of the same"; which request was granted. However, Mr. Jones was not a good driver, and had great difficulty in managing the horse, which at last became ungovernable, and, tr;_+he horror of Mrs. Jones, bolted with them. Mr. Jones did not know what to do, and. a serious accident seemed unavoidable, when, all of a sudden, Mr. Jones, remembering the capacity in which the horse was used, and 'calling out with a stentorian voice, "Milk, oh! milk, oh l" the horse stopped instantly, to their great joy, at this familiar cry, and Mr. and Mrs. Jones got home safely, without any further incident, save that when they, returned home in the evening, on passing a pump in the neighbourhood, the horse would not stir an inch until Mr. Jones got down and worked the pump handle a dozen times, after which operation it moved on directly; and to finish off the day's pleasure, it stopped at all the customers of the milkman in the road where Mr. Jones lives, his house being at the further end.

Old Gentleman (to ticket-collector): "Your life, my young friend, I imagine, is a laborious one and full of trials?"

Collector: "Yes, sir; but there are moments when it is filled with peace and happiness." Old Gentleman: "When your wages are paid, I suppose?" Collector: "No, sir; when I slam the gate in the face of somebody who is in a hurry."

A scientiot says that in file moon a nut fall- ing from a bough would crash through a man like a bullet. That settles it; we shall never go to the moon to gather nuts. •

A horse dealer, describing a used-up horse, said "he looked as if he had been editing a newspaper."

• ••• 4, " ••,,,,,,,,....,,,,,,,,,,,,..?:::1:4-.,::,;•:,..,:::•:,":::::::,:::•:•,,,,...,:v...:,• . ~.:.• • ••• -,•••;it,..-......,..:::::•:,:tr:tip.i..ti.::i!fr.:::....ii-.l:::,ez • .-... ..r.-... ,•- •._..,„. :f:::'.1.:::•-..--licti:::•.:.•-irf•i: ......;.7..iitt.a.; " '''':::.; ''':::.:: i. ''..-:::::;:''':,-7.•:-*** ::::.::::11k.;:,' ..... ' :::.;:'.• :!.: • .....::, :::.:: - .1......!.. v •-v- ..• -:::::1-"3 ~;tOr N pitil .....:-......,,..„.1.-:::.:.:::::.../.,.,::: .::„.....:;;.....,::: .... • , ....,....: .......:.:::. ....,......:.,....., .:.c . .:.. .:: .. f..... !:.i.:.:;...,..§....„.;..,1..„.!,Fi.;.3..„.;..i...,..:........i.....i...._..„...,..,.,.,.:,....4r,.::.:::::::...,)Jii.:::::.: .y1.1.;t3„:... ..,:...,:...:..-....,...f...f::.::.:,.,......;:.:...,i.„3.,.....:::.•:......,i...:::::.-iff,;it., r;„:?...,.:,;5-:;:-•:-..fiff.i--)4., fi...-.:,:-.:...::.i1i.:.p::.--,:.-.., .:-.4..:ei.74.?:-•*tvv:,.: ...v....,....13::,!5i;..:::,....f., _.....:1,, .r.,;....;;,:1.. • ../ ~..i..,....,:::t..._,,,....,,, ...,..g......,...:;;,...,,..!,.,,..:...e:!:.:...-_...,,,,,:v.,,,,v.x,. ~...4...A. ....,... UNCLE :-=•,.. ": '• . ' •-•,, ...' ' ..:':ic -- :4174-5..- • ' 11' ~ . I'IN:4-, ~ - '\i. \\k,...iti. /*lr '': -:. '-' '. '' 7:44l;'''': ):' •?:';-•:•.;.t• ED ... ~ • WA. , ' r .• . ."... . : .... '' . t-‘4l4.li'pli.:' . , ,.. ,•.:...,..::it' "*§11;;,.. - t ~...1.,4 '• . k ~,.. .... ......../.%,.W.-• • ) , • 1 ... :.'" .. .?'''' '''' :' .au oa, Vi.145?:Zy..." - '..,, ',... MBIEBERS.-- I Dear Uncle Ned,—: —l-seildin,-

===== 0002601_19070720_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
-4--

Dear Uncle Ned,—l am going to tell you which I should like to go to best—seaside or the country. I would rather go to the seaside, because I live in the country, and would rather hive a change. A change is nicer than seeing the same thing over and over again. At the seaside I should see the pier, the sea, the beauti- ful shops, the large eating-houses, lots of big houses, and such a lot of things that I cannot mention them all. Besides all this, I could fish, paddle, bathe, watch the tide come in, and numerous other things, which, I think, would be very enjoyable. What fun it is, too, building sand castles, houses, etc., on the sands, when the tide is out, and digging deep holes. I often envy the Little boys and girls when I think of them having a nice'paddle this hot weather. I will come to a close, hoping you and I may have the pleasure of going.

LILIAN LUNN.

Professor C— had gone to spend the even- ing at a friend's house. When he was about to leave, it was raining very heavily, wherefore the hostess kindly offered him accommodation. Suddenly the guest disappeared, nobody knowing what had become of him, and the family were about to retire for the night, when Professor C— walked in, as wet as a drowned rat. He had been home to fetch his night-shirt!

"How habits cling to a man," said Mr. Sniff. "I hired an old ex-barber to trim, my lawn the other day, and he asked me if I wbuld have it shampooed also."

Examiner in Physics: "What happens when a light falls into the water at an angle of 45 4eg.?" Student: "It goes out."

===== 0002601_19070720_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
.., ... , ~.,,,,..,,,,,.,..:,,.,,,..,4„...,... -..., I ~ _......., ~,.' • ',-, .., '' 0, . „., , . . •4`,..tir ', . , .'; r ..! A , . . . . ... 4 y ••f• •',. . f .:,'", .ir • ' . . , ''',"•'...4 ;*.;',"l' 411:4 ti .. . • l'Y 4' '' 'L. ' '. '. . ' " Ae • 4.4 \,40.4k. L'i_._...___A. , ~ , fr. rig, / .9;th e Sr, . ~..4,.,..,....:, ...,.... ~ ~. . V,,,z,tet,_ j 144. • • • ' ..4°0•••• - "7". '- . -t. 4.7/i ... dr ''' • P I)4ply , ~,,, ..,.--1.7,„...- ..,,,-,.. *--4f ••,-,-t. •. • - • . , —s °

===== 0002601_19070720_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.f • '•

===== 0002601_19070720_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

JULY. FROM WARRINGTOIC TO

Acton Bridge-7 14, 740, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 5, 1 10. 2 55, a 3 35, 5 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sunday, 10 15 a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 7A1,8 35, a 9 58, 11 42, bll 55, a.m. 2 41, 4 39, 6 28, 8 37, 98, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 60, p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W. Talbot-road')-5 30, 7 11, 8 35, 10 18, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 1 IS. 2 414 39, 6 28, 8 37, 98, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 6 0 p.m. b Saturdays only. _ Chester-7.34,8 17,8 59,9 5, 10 23,11 30 a.m. 12 30, 1255, 1 30,1 40, 230.3 19, 4 22, 5 6, 6 4, 648,7 54,8 5, 10 18, 11 35 p.m. Sundays-8 44, 10 45 a.m. 745 11 35 p.m. Collins Green 7 5, 85, 8 25, 10 10, 10 55 a.m. 1225, 2 45, 3 45, 515, 637, 78, 740, 925, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 34, 9 sa.m. 12 30, 230,3 19, 56, 64, 85,10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill-7 36, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 64,7 44 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 75, 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 14,10 55, 11 55 a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 2 45, 3 43,3 50, 5 15, 6 37, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30. all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 46, 835, 843 a.m. 5 10,6 0, 7 57, 54 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 80, 10 0 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 34, 95,10 23 10 30, a.m. 12 30 2 30, 3 19,4 22, 5 6, 6 4, 7 54,8 5, 10 20,a11 35 p.m.Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golborne-5 30, 75,85, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 3 50, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 pa. Sundays 843 a.m. 60 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 Si a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 56, 64, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam,Cadishead-7 0, 7508 S. 9 3 a.m. 22. 4 58, 710, 9 15, all 50 p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 18, .11 32 a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18, 935 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 53, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, a 8 30, 9 25 p.m. Sundays 6 30,8 46 aau.3 5,8 10 p.m. a Arpley Station 'on Saturday only. Liverpool(C.L.C.)-a4 40,5 35,75,755,8 2,8 50,9 20, 50,10 30,10 50, 11 50 am. 12 0.12 50.1 10, bl 13,1 50, 2 7, 2 50, 3 13, 3 50, 3 56,4 5,4 10, 4 50, 5 2, 5 50,5 57, 6 50, 75, 7 50, 80, 8 50, 8 53, 9 40, 10 11, 10 40, blO 42, bll 10, 11 38, 11 47 p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, c Saturdays excepted. Sundays 4 40, 535, 9 0,9 45. 9 55.11 20 a.m. 2 20, 239, 446, 6 22. 7 10, 8 28, 9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, a 5 25, 7 11, 7 27, 8 23, 8 25, 9 19, 10 9,10 55, 11 53 a.m. 12 25, 1 55, 245, 3 20, 3 45, 347, 515, 6 17. 7 8, 740, 80, 9 25, blO 0, 10 30, bll 30 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 4 5 20, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 28, 5 10, 0, 80,10 8 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30; 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 610. 7 25, aB3O, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bll 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-WI-2 55, a 4 4e, b 4 56, 5 30, a? 5, 8 5, 8 25,8 23, 8 46, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 12 18, 1 15, 2 12,2 32, 2 45, 3 31, 3 50,4 26, 5 15, 5 53, 6 33, 7 20, 8 6, 9 22, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 55, 4 56,7 55 A.M. 5 15, 6 0,7 57,9 3 p.m. a Mondaysonly Manchester (C.L.C.)-6 55, 7 57, 88, 8 55. 93, 9 55, 10 55, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 1 55 2 55, 3 55, 4 55,4 58, 5 55, G 55, 7 10, .7 55. 8 22, .8 55, 9. 15, 9 55, blO 2, bll 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sunday,. 8 45, 9 32, 10 18, 11 22 a.m 30, 315, 456, 50, 7 18, 855, 9 15,9 25, 9 30, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 10 20, a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 2 55, a 3 35 5 50, 725 p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 55, h 4 45,5 30, 7 5,8 5,8 35, 9 19,9 25,10 10,10 40.10 55, 11 55. a.m. 12 18.12 25, 1 15, 1 50, 2 45, 3 31. 3 50, 4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 633, 720, 9.22, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 7 46, 43, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b li.lon4ays onl•y. Padgate-7 0, 7 12, 7 45, 8 8, 8 35, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 12 18, 1 41, 3 55, 4 58, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 35, .9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 0, 9 25 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0, 10 0 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 82,95,10 0, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, bl 0, al 8, 2 15, 3 23, 4 10. 5 28, 6 2G, 75,8 0. 90, blO 0, alO 42, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 20 a.m. 2 39, .9 7. p.m. 918 p.ra. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, .3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 .p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. St. Helens (L. & N.-W.)-7.5, 8.23, 10.10, 10.55, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3.20, 3.45, 5.15, 6.37, 7.8, .7.40, 8.0, 9.25, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 8.35, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays - only. Southport C.L.C.-7.5, 8 35, n 9.36, 10.25, 11.2, .12 0 a.m.1.27, 3.18, 4 10,5 3,b6.20,6 30.7.40, 8 0, 9.10,10.35, p.m. Sundays, 9.35, am. 2.6,0.7, p.m. aMoudays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays .excepted. Thelwall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, -5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 7 5 835 9 58, 10 55, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 115, 150, 3 50, 4 46, 5 15, ,6 28, 7 20, 8' 37, 98,10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 13 35,6 0, 9 54 p.m. Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 5, 95,10 0, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, 'alQ, bl 13. 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 26, 7 5, 8 0, 9 0, 1'...1010,b10 37 p.m. a Saturdays excepted, h Saturdays •ot4. Sundays 90,9 35 a.m. 2 39, 918 p.m.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

Acton Bridge-6 32,7 40, 8 51, 10 57 am. 12 19, e 249, 355, 4 41, 7 20, 8 28. Sundays 759 am. a Wednesiaya and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L & N.-W.)-8 0? 8 25, 9 10,10 2,10 20, 1150,1 17,2 2, 2 52, 4 55, 0 48,7 30. 8 15, b 9 10, 10 5; :blO .25 p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 1 15, 4 59, S 20, 10 15 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. c Thursdays only. Blackpool (L. & N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 40, 47,11 25,11 37 a.m.l 37,2 25, 3 23, 4 27,5 20,7 0, 8 45, 10 0,1050 p.m. Sundays 725 a.m. 1 37, 5 8, 7 45 p.m. Chester-2 25, h 4 20, 7 25; 8 45, 9 40, 10 12' 10 40, n 45 a.m. 1 35' 2 0, 2 10,3 0, 3 50, 5 15, 5 23,6 30, 7 35,8 10,8 50,1910,c10 o p.m.Sundays 2 25,4 20,6 40, 715 a.m. 6 55, 8 35 p.m. b Mondays excepted. a Mondays and Saturdays only. c Saturdays only. Collins Green-5 40, 79, 845, 10 21, It 23 a..m. 12 45,2 10, 3 5, 4 1, 5 38, 6 42, 7 47, 9 3, ail) 43, 10 58 p.m. Sundays 810 a.m. 7 15 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. " Daresbury-8 11, 10 17,11 18 a.m.2 49, 6 2,7 11,8 43 p.m. Sundays 723 a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 39, 9 52, 10 52 a.m. 2.22, 35, 9 47, 822 p.m. Sundays 648 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Earlestown-7 2, 7 13, 8 47, 850, 9 15, 9 45, 10 23, 1036, 11 23 a.m. 1238, 114, 23, 3 27. 5 10, S 43, /5 52, 5 55, 7 43, 88, 9 10, 9 31, 10 47, all 1, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 9 57, 103 a.m. 3 45,7 21, 10 2 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh".-7 9, 8 53, 942, 10 45 a.m. 12 3, al2 57, 24. 3 27, 54, 52, 6 53, 9 14 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Satuttlays only. Frodsham-7 53, 90, 10 1, 11 1. a.m. 231, 49, .5 44,6 56, 8 31, p.m. Sunday 72; a.m. 724 p.m. Golborne-5 44, 8 26, 10 12.a.m. 12 17, 241, 4 31, 5 30, 7 15, 9 21, 10 42. a.m. Sundays 940 am. 7 5 p.m. Helsby-7 45, 8 56, 9 57. 10 57, a.m. 2 27, 47, 40, 6 54, 8 27, p.m. Sunda 653, a.m. 7 18, p.m. Irlam and Cadishead-6 19, 6 48, 7 311, 9 53, a.m. 17, 4 54, 6 54. 855, 1120, p.m. Sundays 9 21, 11 0, a.m. 1 20,2 22.6 55, 8 50, 100 p.m. Latchford-7 55. 8 40, 9 22, 10 2, 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45, 2 13. 30, 3 38, 4 26, b 5 39. 6 7, 6 49, 7 39, 9 52, cll 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. c Arpley. Sundays 823 .1.61 n. 2 33, 723 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.I-5 10, 6 30, 7 30, 7 40, 8 17, 8 30, 8 40, 9 20. 9 30, 9 33, 10 30, 11 5,,11 30, 11 33 11 50, a.m. 12 :10, 12 50, 10, 1 25, 1.45, 2 30, 2 40,2 43, 4 0, 4 30, 4 33. 4 43, 5 30, 5 30, 6 30, 6 35, 7 30, 8 30, 8 36, 8 40, 9 3,), hlO 50, 11 0, 11 35 p.m. a Alondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 8 55, 10 45, 11 15 a.m.2 30, 3 20, 4 0,4 30, 6 15,5 30, 8 30, 9 0,9 35, p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.-\V.)-a2 35,5 50,6 10,8 10,8 35, 95, 930, 9 55, 11 0 a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 2 43, 30, 3 35, 4 20. 4 50, 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 25. 830,90, 610 5, 10 45, bll 15 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only.Sundnys 7 25,9 20 a.m.2 10. 6 30,7 15.1045 p.m. Lymm-7 43,8 32,9 14, 9 54,11 3 a.m. 1 11, al 37, 25, 2 50, 330, 4 18, b 5 31, 5 50, 641, 731, 9 43,

===== 0002601_19070720_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
_ _

The Examiner, Saturday, July 20, 1907.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
CS lENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

11 33 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Sundays 815 a.m. 2 25, 715 p.m. Manchester (Central)-5 55, 6 30, 7 30, 8 30,a9 5, 9 30, 9p,105, 10 30, 10 35' 1/ 30 ..m. 12 30, 12 50, 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 3 45, 4 30, 435, 5 30. GO, 6 30, 6 35, 7 10, 7 30, 8 30, 8 35, 9 20, 10 20, alo 50, 11 0 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 30, 9 5, 9 30, 10 30 a.m. [4O. 2 0,2 5, 5 40, 6 35, 6 30, 940 p.m. Manchester (London Road.)-7 5,7 50,9 20, 10 25, a.m. 12 30, bl 5. 2 0,2 55, 3 40, a 5 0, 5 20, 6 6 55, 95, 11 0, p.m. Sundays 7 30. a.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. b Saturdays only. Moore-6 56, 96,11 9 a.m. 12 :32, a 3 1, 48, 4 55, 733 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 4 53p.m, a Wednes- days and Saturdays only.

Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 29, 8 42, 97, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22' 11 8 a.m. 12 35, n 1 5, al2B, 144, 37, 4 48, 55, 538, 549,627,730,85, 931, 103, 114, all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3 40, .7 20, 11 7 p.m. a Saturdaxs only. Padgate-6 30, 6 53, 7 55, 8 29,9 0, 10 3 a.m. 1 20, 2 0, 55, 6 18, 7 5, 9 6, 10 25, 11 32 p.ru. Sundays 52, 11 14 a.m. 2 33,9 12, 10 14, 10 20 p.m. Runcorn-5 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 21, 14, 3 7, 4 40, 5 41, 6 30, 8 10, 10 10 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 7 50, 8 27, 9 30,10 16, 10 55 a.m.12 36 '1 14 0, 2 35, 3 43, 4 35, 5 '26,5 36, 623, 7 25' 8 28, 9 32, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37,10 12 a.m. 48, 8 54, p.m. Southport-8 0, 90, 10 15, 10 40, 12 25, 1 30, 2 45, 4 5, 4 10, 5 25,7 15,8 5,a9 5,10 o.Sundays 9 0,2 0, 750, a Saturdays only. Thelryall-7 51,8 36, 8 13, 9 53, 11 7 a.m. 1 15, al 41. 2 9, 255, 3 34, 4 22 b 5, 35, 6 3, 6 45, 7 35,9 47, 11 28 p.m. Sundays, 8 10 a.m. 2 59, 719 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excPpte,O. Wigan (1,. and N.-W.)-a2 39, b 3 10,. 6 33, 8 15, 9 17, 9 54, 10 0, 11 33 a.m. 12 5, 1 26, 2 30, 3 27, 4 20, 4 56. 520 6 55, 75, 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 39, 930 a.m. 3 25, 6 55, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only.

Ask your chemist for Dr. Cassell's Tablets, at tenpence halfpenny.

1 ELECTROPLATING WITH CADMIUM. - As cadmium can now be had at a reatiOn- able price, it may be of interest, says a Writer in the De-utsche, Metailindustrie Zei- tung, to know that th,2re may ba obtained an aUsolutelv satisfactory platg therewith by Up to a r-acent date, er, ..atf2nlpts in this direction met with

gaivan:c deposition b.Owe

• no success. Cadmium is soft, has no caustic action, does not readily dim under the action j of vapours containing sulphuretted hydro- gen, and its colour is as white as that of tin, although not so- white as that of silver. As compared with the latter metal, however, the galvanic deposit is harder and permits a highcr polish,. Experiments shew that for thi3 purpose a solution .of cadmium car- bonate is best, and that the most favourable

results may be obtained by the employment of such a solution. To make this latter, a solution of any soluble cadmium salt in water is treated with sodium carbonate.

DANGERS OF THE HOUSE-FLY. The common house-fly is not quite so inno- cent as he sometimes looks.\ Dr. Barras, a Scots bacteriologist, has been conducting a 52rie5 of experiments as to the part played by the house-fly in the dissemination of in- fectious disease, and has published the re- sults. Several flies, he says, were made to crawl over freshly - prepared agar-agar, con- tained in sterile petri-dishes. The dishes were then placed in an incubator at the nor- mal temperature of the body, and at the end •of twenty-four hours numerous colonies of

micro-orianisms had appeared on the sur- face of the media. On microscopical examina- Cori, these colonies were seen to consist of, amongst others, growths of the micro-or- ganisms associated with the presence of sewage and decomposing organic matter. The gralt increase in the cases of diarrhoea, he contends, was also intimately related to the advent of the house-fly.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

West Lancashire League. FIRST DIVISION.

STANLEY V. NE WTON-LE-WILLOWS.—PIayed at Stanley on Saturday. Soore : NEIVEON-LE-W ILLO*S. STANLEY. T. Cooke b Moore . 0 T. N. Smyth b Cooke 6 P. Mercer lbw b ,Moore 12 R.W.KiHip b Howarth 0 W.Cordingley c Scraggie A. H. Scroggie lbw b b Moore J. Pendry b Moore ..... .... 4 S. G. Moore c Cooke C. Porter c J. Taylor b b Howarth 1 0 Alsop —3 J.G.Taylor b Howarth 31 F. Harrison cJ. Taylor b W. Stott c Cooke b , Moore 5 Howarth Howarth c .1. Taylor b E. Hoyle b Howarth 27 Moore lO H. Farrell c Cooke b A. Pendry c Scringie b Howarth Alsop F. Bottomley c Killip b P. Whiteford not out 0 Alsop l2 A. Alsop did not bat W. Wright not out 0 A. N. Other absent 0 Extras 5 Extras

Total SECOND Div ',SIN. PRESCOT 2ND V. EA.RLESTOWN.—PIayed at Prescot on Saturday, and ended in an easy win for the home fide. Result :—Prescot, 119 for four wickets ; Earles- town, 30. WARRINGTON 2ND V. ST. HELENS RECREATION 2ND. —This return match was played at the Warrington enclosure on Saturday. Scores : ST. HELENS RECREATION. WARRINGTON. D. Brooks run out l9 /J. Thompson. b Proud- S. Webster c Dolan h foot . 6 Plinston l2 J. W. Bainbridge c W.Starkey c Thompson Brooks b Prountoot 27 b Plinston 0 H. Dolan not out T. Howard not oat H.. 1. Burrell run out W.SouthwardoThompson 0 E. Pierpoint b Proud- F, Eaves c Dolan b foot - Thompson 4 A. Thewlis not,out ... 13 J. Dow nes c Baxter b P. B. Hawtin,S.Baxter, Hawtin 2 D. Plinston, and R. H. Addison b Partridge 16 G. Pierpoint did not J. Williams run out P. Proudfoot not out Extras

Total (9 wlits) 90 Total (5 wkts) 91 Innings declared. WARRINGTON WORKS COMPETITION. SECOND ROUND.

FLETCHER RUSSELL V. CASTLE RUBBER.—Played at Arpley. Scores : CASTLE RUBBER. PLETCHER'S. - J. Pendry lbw b Carter... 1 W. Carter c Wright b A. Newton b James Pendry Burrowl J. Eaton run out %V. Wright b Carter 0 John Burrows not out 16 J. Foster c Thompson b J. Johnson c Gorst b James Burrows A. C. Hodgson run out... 2 J. Thompson run out , 4 W. Poole b Carter 0 G. Ford not out 0 J Woods c John Burrows b James Burrows D. Burke b Carter G. Box St Berry b Carter 0 J. Gorst not out Extras

Total

===== 0002601_19070720_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL CHILDREN'S SPORTS.

A SIMPLE REMEDY. For Llss of Flesh and Weakness Increases weight 1 lb. per Week. * Any Chemist can supply it.

• • For Summe ,eolds• • • = 0....r.53k0,41,A. ;141' AO—

- _ •

===== 0002601_19070720_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

Higher Education.

Tha Lanoashire Education Committee at their meet- ing at Preston on Monday, over which Sir Henry F. Hibbert presided, approved the estimates for higher leducation in non-county boroughs and urban districts. The estimated expenditure for the year ending March Si 1998, was £92051. Towards this the County Council contributed £39,726, the estimate in the budget being £35,000, so that there was an estimated surplus of £5,274. Last year the higher education expenditure was £89,430, so for this year there is an increase of 0,621. In presenting the report of the Higher Education Sub-committee, Sir Henry Hibbert congratulated the Agricultural Sub-committee on the steady progress they were making in their work. The decision to give the students instruction in the judging of farm stock was a decided step in the right direction, while it had been decided to establish two centres in the county during the winter session for giving instruction in horticulture to elementary school teachers at a fee of 55., so that that the children in rural schools could be instructed in. gardening. Referring to the new secondary and technical school at Waterfoot, he said the cost of £26,000 was undoubtedly great, but it had been decided after careful consideration and was the alternative to building technical schools at Bacup and Rawtenstall and a day Secondary school at Waterfoot with separate staffs. - -

The report wee adopted. GOAT:kRICMG. _ _

Miss Assheton sucie-sTe-d-Wai—tlie Agricultural Com- mittee should take into consideration the advisability of keeping goats. The question was not so much an agricultural one as a hygienic one in relation to the supply of milk for children. The Committee referred the matter to the Agricultural Committee. Major Greg (Turton), respecting complaints to the Cotton Industry Sub-committee from six students,whose cotton scholarships would shortly terminate, as to the difficulty of obtaining situations, said it was a great pity that Lancashire manufactuers did not support the committee's efforts to find work for these students. He thought it would be found that the students were going to prove exceedingly valuable members of our industrial community. Mr. W. 1. Riley (Briercliffe) thought inquiries would prove that most of the students who had attended the Manchester School had secured good or promising appointments. (Hear, hear).

===== 0002601_19070720_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
EfTRSARS AND TEACHING.

Sir Henry Hibbert, referring to the Board of Educa- tion's new regulations forcandidates desiring to become teachers, reported on his interview with Mr. Morant, of the Board of Education, who held out no hope of allow- ing bursars to teach the whole of the week instead of only four days. To make up for this loss of bursars' services in schools, Sir Henry moved that the monition that males receive .£4O and females £3O be rescinded, and that the salaries be males £26 and females £2O. Mr. B. South (teachers' representative) remarked that the new scheme was full of difficulties, and its adoption should be postponed. He wished the Board of Educa- tion could be buried for ten years, and leave them to become their own authority. (Laughter). Archdeacon Fletcher: Twenty years. (Renewed laughter and assent). Dr. Snape (director of education) observed that it would be unfair to some young people to postpone the matter, as they had given up their pupil teacherships to become bursars, and the vacant pupil teacherships thus createdhad already been filled. Sir Henry Hibbert said he did not hesitate to say that ultimately all the period for practical school teaching woult disappear. The motion was carried.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
PLASANT PARAGRAPHS.

Mrs. Gadde : "The —Lowmans celebrated their silver wedding last night, didn't they?" Mrs. Flyte : "Oh, no; I saw all the pre- sents." 'Eh? What do 'you mean?" "It was more like a silver-plated wedding."

Teacher: "And why are you so late, 'Tommy?" Tommy: "If you please, teacher, it is mother's washing day; she lost the lid of the copper, so I have been sitting on the top to keep the steam in !"

Susie had tried the teacher's patience sorely, and when the latter looked up and saw the little girl eating toffee, with her feet sprawling into the aisle, she said : "Susie Ambler, take that toffee out of your mouth and put .your feet in !"

"Tomn I'm going to punish you severely.' ".What for, pa?" "Now, don't try that innocenct2 game. I know all the had things you've done to-day.", "No, you. don't; pa. You don't know Where I hid the strap ,you whack me with."

"Hang theB3 motor 'busos!" said .the with the round shoulders and long beard. "f think I've gone a-running up to no fewer than a dozen crowds expectin' to see a..fight and only found some fellow doctorin' a motor- 'bus.!"

Bobby: "Sister will be clown in a few minutes, Mr. Softly; she's upstairs rehears- ing." Mr. Softly (who - has come prepared) : " W-what is s-she rehearsing, B-bobby ?" Bobby: "I don't know; but she's standing in front of the mirror anAl blushing and saying, 'Oh, Mr. Softly--,er—this is so sudden.' "

Host: "I'm sorry .to •send you out in such a blustering night Os this, old fellow." Guest: "It is raining Pretty hard. I say couldn't you lend me your umbrella?" "Cer- tainly; and—er—l think I'll walk .borne with you myself. I really ne,ul a little exercise."

The boy had been thoughtful for a short space of time. Presently he looked up and burst forth with: "I say, father, if you call the tail of a sheep a leg, how many legs Will the sheep have?" "Five," said the parent. "No," %plied the youngster, "it would only have four. Calling the tail a leg wouldn't make it one." He has since worked his jokes off on his younger biether.

"I say, Kate," said Johnny to his elder sister, would you like to have some nice chocolate?" "Yes," replied Kate. "Well, if you'll buy me some I'll give you half.'!

===== 0002601_19070720_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
se w 641, qt? v (t.3qp

Sliman : "You dare td, call me a rogue!" Dyman "Not exactly, but I'll give £5 to anybody who will prove to me that you are not one."

Mr. T. W. Russell, M.P., is the proprietor d a temperance hotel in Dublin.

During his early struggles Mr. Carnegie's recreation was fishing, and he is still an ardent angler.

King George of Greece can playtall kinds of tunes on handbells and wineglasses of different shapes. . . .

The Earl of Desart. King's Proctor and Direc- tor of Public Prceecutions, is an experienced amateur actor.

Lord Charles Beresford is a man of many hobbies, which include boat-building, garden- ing, house-building, turning, and carpentry.

At a public dinner recently Mr. Augustine Birrell remarked: " I have no desire to culti- vate my garden. I do not like stooping. I would rather go without vegetables than grow my own."

Although not the richest man living—in this respect he is second to Mr. Rockefeller—Mr. Pierpont Morgan, the American multi-million- aire—is said to have at his command more ready cash than any person in the world.

As Master of the Horse, the Earl of Seftoh enjoys a salary of .-C2,500 a year. A perquisite that go`es with the post, and is much appre- ciated, is the use of a Royal carriage and pair, a coachman and footman, and a horse for riding purposes whenever wanted.

Some few years ago, when Lord Hawke had been repeatedly losing the toss for Yorkshire in cricket matches, he received a " lucky tsix- pence" from a Yorkshire lady, with a request that he would use it %hen spinxiing the coin. The very first time he used the sixpence it gave him the choice of innings, and it eeems to have since brought Yorkshire more than utsual" luck" in the toss.

CARBONIC ACID & OXYGEN BATHS TOP. THE Healthy AHD TOR TEE Sick WITH THE AEOSAN BATH Economlcsl! Non•Ccrrosive: Fits every Bath: Wr:to for llooldrt, F t.i th, AE 0 SAN COMPANY. IY2 Cir.t:morrx thrtuulo:rtlt. „ • a-rinn•thl.A Arrontot Urivnt.el I

by H y DON'T SIT ON THK DAMP Git.)l.7ND. Get a DWARF HAMMOCK. It only woighn, with Ilimisoine

LeAth4rette Case, TAKE SILK, 5 ozs. 8x t inches, COTTUN, 7ors.

Gnarantieed to (3ttrry 4 cwt. Send 7s. 63. I for Cotton) / I.°"'' OLD or 154. (for Silk) Dept. D, DWARF HAMMOCK C 0.,. 102 Charlotte Street,

Birminiham.

-

===== 0002601_19070720_art0103.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
do di

===== 0002601_19070720_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
SYMINGTOTS THE BEST

ECDNO'

lalV7r

q N . ....- D I ifiliCAL ' -.- , 1 N 1 ,ME SAY/NG 1,,W;• e t f • .I": , ~,micto„• •,-• - ~• --- ~,...-,r741- .-- ' - ' ',s:.-0.,4 . . • .' 11111111 cc,-.1:r., Alp 2" ' • t.! ..-- . ....• .. _ • ~',. . . _ , - .. ' I .' ' MADE Ir 4 '• . . - .:-..! A . ..,, ie.: . MINUTE ,41...1.1 -,_ , , ...,,,•, .or ALL ------ LARGE .; GROCERS A/V0 SMALL , • - BOTTLES' ~'

===== 0002601_19070720_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
FLANNELETTE.

If purchasers of this useful material for underwear all the year round would buy the best English make, which can be obtained from all leading Drapers, they would avoid the RISKS they undoubtedly run with the inferior qualities of Flannelette.

HORROCKSES FLANNELETTES.

made by the manufacturers of the celebrated Longcloths, Twills and Sheetings,

ARE ME BEST. HORROCKSES "tamPedson selvedge ever'

A BROKEN-DOWN SYSTEM. fais is a condition (or disease) to which doctors give many names, but which few of them really understand. It is simply weakness—a break-down, as it were, of the vital forces that sustain the system. No matter what may be its causes (for they are almost numberless), its symptoms are much the same; the more prominent being sleeplessness, sense of prostration or weariness, depression of spirits and want of energy for all the brdinary affairs of life. Now, what alone is absolutely essential in all such cases is increased vitality—vigour—

VITAL STRENGTH AND ENERGY to throw off these morbid feelings, and as night succeeds the day this may be more certainly 'secured by a course of 4 THE NEW FRENCH REPAEDYji THERAPION No. 3, .

than by any other known combinat,on. So surely ao!t is taken in accordance with the direct!ons accompany.ing It, will the shattered health be restored, the

EXPIRING LAMP OF LIFE LIGHTED U AFRESH and a new existence imparted in place of what had so lately seemed worn-out, " usod up," and valueless. This wonderful medicament is suitable for all ages, constit4- tions and conditions, in either sex; and it is difficult to Imagine a case of disease or derangement, whese main features are those of debility, that will not be speedily and permanently benefited by this never-failing recuper- ative essence, which is destined to cast into oblivion everything that had preceded it for this wide-spread and numerous class of human ailments. Price, 2s. 90. (particulars penny stamp) post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co., Haverstock Road. Hampstead, London, and of principal chemists. Word " THERAPION " :-.ppears on Government Stamp (In white letters on a red ground), affixed to every package by order of His Majesty's Hon. Comtnissioners, and without which it is a forgery.

THE STAR BROOM WORKS, TABARb. STRBET, LONDON, SM., Manufacture every description of Brooms and Brushed. Pure Baas Scavengers, 15 x 5, at tailifirOP 24/., lists free. Brooms and • Brushes to Pattern and for Machine Purposes a Speciality• Importers of General Hardware. " Wholesale only. Established 1867.

' . • , .... , . ...., EAT-IkspowDEß_ 1 . I KILLti 1 . ' i FLEAS 'BUGS FLIES 1 Ltlll-5_ 3? Ey° It] - L_

===== 0002601_19070720_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
RING Up

p. TELEPHONE NO. oaa x .

PRINTING. OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

JOHN WALKER & CO..

PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. LITHOGRAPHERS. Are'replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or plttern. on blue, white, or biney paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

CIRCLARS in the neatest style, from modern type, and of the best workmanship.

PROGRAMMBR for Entertainments, Concerts itc., in the latest artistic style.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

SICK, RECEIPT, and FUBSCRIP3 lON BOOKS Printed. Bound. Numbered and Perforated to order.

rrANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, services of Song, Festivals, &a.

k-

CATALOGUESt for Public lnd ,iPrivate Librariss Auctioneers and TeAdesmon.

-plucß List's Printed on erbrd or paper IlI:19 trate& If required.

JOHN WALKER & CO. CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SHEETS NOTICES OF MEETINGS POSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES POST CARDS

CRICKET FIXTURES. 7

EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTIN

AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHEDULES AND CATALOGUES. CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES, INVOICES, PRICE LISTS, CIRCULARS, PAMPHLETS, TIME BOOKS, MILL Wonß, CATALOGUES, Cum RULES, PROGRAMMES, BALANCE SEtEETS,

'EXECUTED AT SNORT NOTICES.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS.

Attention is Invited to our MON FOUNTS OH TYPR

sod WOOD LETTER for Large Posters, FOR ALL RINDS OF NEAT POSTERS EXTRA LARGE SIZE.

40 x 60 One Sheet. WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS IN THE DISTRICT.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

BEWSZY STREET, W&RRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
-• • -

- 4-111?:tf%

===== 0002601_19070720_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

A Housewife and the Smoke Nuisance.

S,ir,—Will you allow an ex-Warrington housewife to make articulate what every housekeeper who lives in Warrington feels in regard to the smoke nuisance? Happily for mysell, I have been able, by removing from Warrington to the country, to escape the expense and disadvantages which are due to the smoke polluted atmosphere. Since making the change I have been able to realise to the full the advantages and pleasures of housekeeping where the house is surrounded by pure air, and where nothing obstructs the sunshine. My expenditure for laundry and dry-cleaning is about half what it used tobe, and as a result I confidently antici- pate everything will last longer. Window curtains here—at the end of five months—look fresher and cleaner than they did at the end of three weeks in War- rington. In our own rooms, in cases where the windows were open day and night, after one week there was a thick black line of smuts and dust where the curtains had filtered the incoming air. The smuts were of a greasy character, and any attempt to remove them resulted in smears impossible to remove, like dry country dust. White counterpanes I here use twice as long as I did in town; and pillow cases etc., never get really dirty; whereas in Wai rington smuts and dust used to settle thickly ,on pillows and toilet covers; often between morning and evening dirt would gather so thickly on inside window ledges as to necessitate removal by brush. Here we can open the windows day and night, and admit nothing except the glorious fresh air. We and the children keep cleaner, we can without fear wear white suits and dresses. When the children went out in Warrington they generally returned with smeared smuts on their faces and garments, and with nostrils choked with dirt. Then in addition to the freedom from dirt on dress and person, we can now rejoice in the unimpeded glorious sunshine. Here when there is 9.ny sunshine we get the full benefit of it. In Warrington as a rule the sunlight came to our home robbed of half its brightness. We only got what the smoke ladened atmosphere failed to absorb or deflect. We all agree that we feel cleaner in house, body, and mind since we left the town and its its smoke behind.—Yours etc., AN EX-WARRINGTON HOUSEWIFE

===== 0002601_19070720_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
The Education of our Children.

Sir,—One of the most painful and, at the same time, most convincing proof of the incompatibility of modern Christianity with the teaching of Jesus Christ and His apostles is to be found in the attitude of the various sects in reference to the religions education of the children of the nation. A few years ago the late Con- servative Government passed an Education Bill greatly in favour of the Church party, and the measure so pro- voked the great body of Nonconformists that to a large extent they met it with passive resistance. The present Radical Government which came into power in 1906 made a somewhat curious attempt to undo the legisla- tion of their predecessors, but the Lords refused to pass their Bill, and therefore it had to be abandoned. Another equally unjust and impotent measure to deal with the subject is now before the public, and it may be safely predicted that it will share the fate of the previous attempt to deal with the impossible. All these proceedings-are a scandal to a country calling itself Caristian,andlarise from the melancholy fact that after fourteen centuries of preaching we have net yet arrived at a common Christianity. The Gospel accord- ing to its Divine Founder and His immediate followers is, unfortunately, very much relegated to the back- ground, and gospels according to Canterbury, Rome, Wesley, Calvin, &c., &c., seem to be the guiding and •ruling powers among the various religious denomina- tions which presume to call themselves Churches oi Christ. How impossible then it is for any Government or other power to devise and carry out a system of religious education that would satisfy the various sectarian combatants! Besides, the duties of a Govern- ment are secular and not spiritual, and they have no power to make hr unmake laws for the col:Sciences of men. Indeed, when we consider what the House of Commons is, one is astonished that it should ever attempt religious legislation at all ! That assembly is composed of men of all creeds and men who have no creeds but their own ambition and selfishness, and the idea that such men could make proper laws for the religious education of our children is most absurd and impracticable. Two courses are, however, within the power of our legislators, and either of them would be more consist- ent with common sense and equity than making laws for religion. They could establish and endow all the sects and thus create a Babel that would eclipse the tower building in the plain of Shinar in daring and dis- regard of the laws of Christ. By such legislation they would become responsible to God for giving counte- nance and support to a congeries of sects which claim to be Christian but differ in many ways from the plain and simple teaching of the Lord and His apostles. This kind of legislation would, I daresay, meet the views of the sectarians, but they would be bold and reckless men indeed who would dare to degrade the Gospel and dishonour its Author by such a system. The other course open to the government is to leave religion severely alone. They were not elected to pass laws for the regulation and enforcement of Christian ethics, but to look after the mundant, affairs of the nation. If they will dabble with education let them see to it that every child in the kingdosa is thoroughly instructed in secular knowledge to enable him to take an intelligent part in the various industries of life and thus become a useful member of society. And this knowledge should be supplemented by the golden rule of doing unto others as we would have others do unto us. But with creeds and (catechisms our rulers haven° business. Religious educa- tion, like charity, should begin at home. The duty of parents is to train up their children in the way they should go. But as, unfortunately, many of them are unable to do this owing to the unsatisfactory state of modern Christianity, the ministers of religion might be expected to take an interest in the matter, and look after the spiritual welfare of the rising generation. The work would he congenial to their taste and occupation, and judging from the fact that most of them are only actively employed for one day in the week, they would have ample time for such a philanthropic purpose. The various creeds would thus be upheld and propagated without any noise and bitterness, and without calls upon the government for money.—Yours truly, lONA. July, 1907.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
SECONDARY SCHOOL SPORTS.

The third annual sperts in conneotion with the War- rington Secondary School were held on Thursday and wece highly successful. The weather was ideal and the great interest in the proceedings was shown by the large attendance of parents of the children on the recreation ground at Padgate. The prizes offered con- sisted of bronze medals and throughout, the keenest competition was shown. At the conclusion of the sports the medals wore handed to the winners by Councillor Fulton Smith, chairman of the Education Committee, the awards being

100 Yards Fiat Race (boys).—Seniors, E. J. Mee; juniors, J. Foulkes. 80 Yards Flat Race (girls).—Seuiorn, L. Wright ; juniors, E. Ball. Bicycle Race (boys).—Seniors, J. Whitehouse; juniors, J. Waywell. 80 Yards Skipping Race (girls).—Seniors, E. Evans; juniors, .1. Ball. . _ _

- 220 Yards Flat (boys).—Seniors, E. Mee; juniors, J. Foulkes. 150 Yards Flat Cgirls).—Seniors, M. Ashley ; juniors, E. Ball.

Sack Race (boys).—Scuiors, R. Nice ; jnniors, F. Isherwood. Tug-of-War.—(Girls), seniors, Ist year P.T.'s, juniors, Form IV.—(boys), seniors, Form VI., juniors, Form 111. Quarter Mile Flat (boys).—Seniors, A. Clarke; juniors, H. Partridge. Hockey Driving (girls).—Seniors, W. Brock; juniors, V. Brown. _ _ _

Obstacle Race (boys).—Seniors, P. Boardman ; juniors, W. Whittle. Slow Bicycle Race (girls).—Seniors, K. Davenport; jnniors, V. Brown. High jump (boys).—Seniors, J. Whitehouse; juniors, S. Hyde. Hockey dribbling (girls).—Seniors, M. Jolley ; juniors, M. Russell.

Potaio race (boys).—Seniors, F. Jolley; juniors, W. Worthington. . . _

Egg and spoon race (girls).—Seniors, B. England; juniors, D. Denham. Hockey goal (girls).—Seniors, L. Wright ; juniors, L. Siincock. Chariot race (boys).—Seniors form VI; juniors, form H. Tilting at the ring (girls).—Seniors, D. Pitt; juniors, V. Brown. . . _ .

Squadron Race.—Seniors Ist year P.T.'s. ; juniors, form IV. Throwing the cricket ball (girls).—Seniors, M. Ashley ; juniors, V. Brown ; (boys), seniors, J. White- house ; juniors, FL Partridge. Skipping Mill-a-gate (girls).—Seniors,' E. pvans ; Juniors, G. Lees. Skipping Competition (girls).—Seniors, E. Swain° ; juniors, E. Butterworth. HalflMile Walk (girls).—Seniors, A. Baker ; juniors, W. Fawcett. Tennis Tournament (girls).—Seniors, B. Dann; juniors, E. Butterworth. Long Jump (boys).—Seniors, J. Whitehouse ; juniors, J. Foulkes. _

Half-Mile Flat (boys).—Seniors, E. J. Mee ; juniors, H. Partridge __.. • .

One Mile; Flat (boys).-- Seniors, A. Clark juniors, if Partridge. One Mile Walk (boys).--Seniors, E. J. Mee; juniors, H. Partridge. Silver medals were presented to the following, who had won three or more events :—(Girls): V. Brown and E. Ball. (Boys) : H. Partridge, J. Foulkes, J. White- house and E. J. Mee. Form Prizes.—Seniors Ist year P.T.'s (177 points). Juniors, Form IV., (197 points). The records of the other forms were VE., 138 ; Scholarship P.T.'s, 42 ; V.b., 41; 11., 186 ; ill., 36 ; and 1., 19.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
LETCHWORTH: THE GARDEN CITY.

SOME FIRST IMPRESSIONS.

[Br A MEMBER OF THE WOHMT'S LIDERA.L ASSOCIATION].

How many residents of Latchford have journeyed to Warrington by the 6.55 a.m. car? Certainly last Saturday was the first time I have done it, and almost without breakfast, too. I heard of one lady who, after a big drink of milk, ate her breakfast as she was going along the King's highway, and of two others who drank "boiling tea" and missed the car through trying to fortify themselves with ham and eggs. But they caught the train, 7.30 at the Central, thanks to the aid of a motor-car, which was just available, but not in good working order. Rumour has it (of course, she's a "lying jade") that these two ladies were seen pushing the motor-car on its way to the Central Station. I was much interested in the passengers by the 6.55 tram-car. They were mostly young, boys and girls from about fifteen to twenty years old, all looking more or less sleepy and indifferently washed. One young lady, presumEibly in the habit of "touching up" her cc-uplexion, had a dab of powder on each cheek and another on the end of her nose. Bridge-street and Horsemarket-street , looked as they never looked before ; the shops all closed, hardly a person to be seen except newspaper vendors, old women and young ones, men and 'boys wheeling "Examiners " and' Guardians" in boxes on wheels and decrepit perambulators. I don't see my local papers until much later in the day, and so strong is habit that though I was dreamily conscious that I should want the local news some time during the day, it never occurred to me to buy it in the street. It was not until I saw my fellow-passengers 'in the train unfold their damp, ink-smelling papers that I realized how stupid I had been. I always was troubled with after-wit. But there was no lack of literature in that train. We hadn't been aboard many minutes before we were presented with a Garden City Souvenir by Mr. Lichfield, the obliging organising secretary of the Garden City Tenants, Ltd., and at intervals during the day circulars &c., appeared on our tables including two most appetising menus, for lunch and dinner. We reached Letchworth about 12.50. It had rained most of the way, but the Garden City was bathed in sunshine, and with the exception of a sprinkling later, continued so the whole afternoon. For convenience sake the passengers were divided into two contingents—" A" and "B," and supplied with differently tinted programmes. I can't say how many of us there were. It was a " special " from Liverpool, calling at Warrington, Oldham and Man- chester. There were many familiar faces on the platform that morning, principally Liberals, including the Chairman of the Association, and one well-known Conservative —Alderman Bennett. Mr. Crosfield, M.P. motored down from London to Letchworth. He was evidently pleased to see so many of his constituents —the pleasure was mutual. Wearing a ruddy brown suit, and tanned to the same colour he looked well. After listening to an explanation of the scheme from Mr. Vivian, M.P., the "A " contingent were driven off in lakes, waggonettes, landaus &c., round Ithe estate, while the "B "contingent walked to the Garden City Press Works for lunch and vice versa. The Gatden City Tenants Limited, believe in "booming" On complimenting one of the officials on the success of the undertaking he replied :—" Oh yes, if you wheel a barrow up a plank get it in the news- papers." Advertisers please note We were " A's " and after listening to a couple of addresses from Mr. Vivian, and a number of questions and answers re co-partnership Housing, we were afforded the oppor- tunity of looking over two of the Society's houses, already tenanted. That was what we wanted feminine curiosity would be satisfied with nothing less. They were small, for small families,containing three and four bed-rooms and bath-room. One ix particular pleased me. It was a detached house prettily gabled,with an artistic entrance furnished with seats, semi-circular in shape, under a verandah and half the floor space was taken up in one long living- room with a window at each end and an ornamental arch about one-third from the end to break the long line. The other half contained a snuggery and kitchens. I would like to have broulzht it back with me and planted it in Latchford. One of the more architecturally-minded " A's " said some of the gables were wrong. I was glad I didn't know that. To me they were very pretty, and to see all those red roofs, grey walls, and bright green doors and window frames gleaming in the sun reminded one of the Swiss chalets. Every house is gardened round, the grates and windows are most modern, accommodation is ample, and the rents are reasonable. Four years ago there wasn't a brick on the estate, now the population is 3,000, and increasing by leaps and bounds. The city is intended ultimately to find homes for 30,000 people. The residents are apparently disciples of the -‘ simple life." No hats and sandals, skimpy skirts and bare arms and necks being general. The old part of Letchworth is nicely undulating and well- wooded; and five years hence (say) when the creepers are grown, gardens well established land the newness of everything mellowed down it, will be most picturesque. What should we in Warrington think if our roads were bordered by a strip of grass several feet wide and alongside that a garden-bed about the same width, with, in some cases, hundreds of rose trees, and in others Sweet Williams in gay profusion,lapins, snap-dragons and pansies galore? And shouldn't we think the Millennium had come if our neighbour just left them alone and didn't help himself to that which isn't his'n ? Why, a particular pansy root, not a hundred miles from Latchford, was appropriated the other moping, early, and at Easter not a daffodil is allowed to bloom within a few yards of the garden gate. And when we hear of °tie man growing ferns in his bath and another using his as a tank for gold fish it makes one despair of ever getting people to realize the necessity of cleanliness:and sanitation. But lam wandering from the Garden City, and that we didn't do until 6.30 p.m. It took us six hours to reach Warrington, somewhat tired and sleepy, but all of one mind—that it was worth it. There is nothing more effectual for shortening a long railway journey than congenial company,and a first-class dining saloon with the dining included. Seven of us were the guests of Miss Crosfield for the day, than whom a more genial, charming hostess it has never been my good- fortune to meet.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDINGS.

Sil cock —Gleave.

The Warrington Parish Church was the scene of a very pretty wedding on Tuesday, when Mr. /4 arold Alfred Fairhurst Silcock, eldest son of Mr. Alfred John Silcock, Bold-street, was married to Miss Edith Coningsby Gleave,eldest daughter of Ur. JamesGleave, Springfield-street. The bride and bridegroom are well known in the town, and a large congregation assembled to witness the ceremony. The Rev. E. C. E. Carleton, Vicar of Holy Trinity, officiated. The bride, who was given away by her father, was charmingly attired. Ske was attended by three brides- maids—Miss L. M. Gleave, Miss Ida W. Silcock, and Miss M. Gleave. Mr. F. M. Darby, Mus. Bac., pre- sided at the organ and played choice selections, includ- ing Mendelssohn's " Wedding March." As the bridal party left the Church, the bells rang out a merry peal.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
Bibby—Heald.

A pretty wedding took place at Emmanuel Church on Thursday, when the marriage of Miss Elizabeth Alice Heald, daughter of the late Mr. John (Heald, Church street, and Mr. Wm. Bibby, second son of Mr. William Bibbv, Thyrine-street, was solemnized ,by the Rev. F. Vahan. There was a large attend- ance at the Church to witness the ceremony. The I bride looked charming in a dress of cream silk crepelle, with a veil of Brussels net surmounted by a wreath of orange blossom. She carried a shower bouquet of .lilies and orange blossom. The brides- maids were Miss A. Bibby, sister of the bridegroom Miss E. Landon, niece of the bride, and Miss 8., Dickens, niece of the bridegroom, Miss Bibby wore a dress of embroidered muslin and a crinoline hat and carried a bouquet of pink carnations, whilst the younger bridesmaids wore dresses of white muslin, with pink sashes, and carried bouquets of sweet peas. Mr. H. Bibby was the best man. Miss N. Gandy presided at the organ and rendered several appropriate selections. The reception was held at the house of Mr. Bibby after which the happy couple left for Black- pool for the honeymoon, the bride travelling in a costume of pale blue cloth. Many beautiful presents were received.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
1,700 NAIL HOLES.

During the hearing of a claim in the Blackpool County Court on Wednesday against the tenant of a house for the alleged dilapidated state in which the premises had been left, it was stated that there were 1,700 nail hgles in the walls.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON GARDEN SUBURBS.

•. . vlariptit)tt.o3.4 ,veard. eO2 eab, '11.1.06 _ . • .•• .. . . ~ Lialroftect :Y.i'.. ~ • --.,-,. - • :0;-, ~, • ~ , •• . . •• •:.' - a.- -, - . ,„.. . .. I . .:,'‘''',,, ' .3 ,27-,,,_P -, - • -• s c.00,_ 1 ,; orooK ~„, 0- ' ,111, $ ..A. ‘3, /3, en 0, i• C. e , . Bath `!.:', eo 1,, Fie ....r _Lie ~ ~. ....,,,, .. ~, :::::• ‘cs ••!,\' . 44 a v 141'1% .-;:- 10,9"'":-•"*. o .0. P • ~,,ithit • ..--- ,„.wziti.,lJlJ,'"-........----sia_ , * '''': ------- " ----- -.. •'',; , • 1 ' r I,l,ro'a ••:,-.% • p__ , 4014 Nil SO Ail 7 . I V 4 , 1 '• '''r .v , •aR. .. Q_ - Q a. '2 g, - . e .- • 9 - 5- .---- --"--N, . —I, eh,„,,„,,5 1 -- ....._ . (3- 4., , .. erooks,de At "O. C 0 ...." ~ , . q .. .... . ' ... ~ '''. 0_.5/- .---- .........o. „ •, -- 92_ .0 .'-yr -i-p-k: _<') \ '.'''-:, -.• • i., --.';',,;,..,--,-,,,,,-,-, •-- ..1 , 7sti.:67_ . r____Tisi,_ a ~c-,. • - 'I lk lii;. rlan Lis sOject -:,.!,, ,to •rrlo (1 i fieati on . ''r . . .' ' ' ... 0 . it , - ~ Hi"( C 07.51 0.,,a wat not. • A'?:,:•••,!:? '".',"- . necessartly,forat .:$';;;•-•• c--' ,th ' r II 0 1601 ale s' •\ 'll ilf°P` Contract." ' ~.), -...- :•. '; ‘3, .10•• . gl- * ,§.. . ..„,,..,................-- ;.7. • . • • ki.ir „. ‘.. • -- • --.., i .ii ~...4-10erbi ' e • ,3 _ • .. ,• - 1* '‘ . ' 4 9. 4 -ec .^.---114 a A. .. • ' ',i, 1, 9- .9. 6, , , ; -., ~,, . • , , • ‘,-. • .1 - -2 .; . . . A e. -4 , .., ~: R . \ i -. • . , 0 il'r ..,,.„.,. , . . •-: '', - ' /_____;.---:'"/P'"---- i. . ~ , A ' _. ~.; • z RAFE ; _.,•-• . _. .1 • ~, ENDS 1* J , t, .........„. __..........•• 7 1 - • ir . ' _,....,. ,___... - - • , -.--- .„ .. . '-.''.;-,'"`'• - - • - ..,,...ii ~. A. .. •-, • . . •-,.,---,-, ..:1 ~,, , ...,, 4 .. •• •• ' ' • ' - ....," . •... , -. I, . ''''3kf% 4‘--"s7. ii:.>.--.A,-.,..- ....,„„..-::::: c.,. 7.----,e--kate ot iPeet-t,o, • --.,-*-.. ,„,.......,„„.,,,,,,,,,,..... ,:::‘,;:),44.... .) 0 mailicarkr:;=,„ A 4- fAlOt ' • -"-"•••) - the exten.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SCHEME.

The new local Company which bears the name of "Warrington Garden Suburbs, Limited," has this week been duly registered and its Prospectus, which has for some time past been eagelly antici- pated, will be found in our advertising columns. We are glad to find that the preliminary work of several months has resulted in a document so interesting and so suggestive. So long ago as 1888,tbe Garden City idea was hinted at in the first issue of" Sun- rise," and it was definitely suggested in a series of articles published under the title of "Warrington : As it was, as it is, and as it mihht be," in 1892. In 1900, Alder- Bennett, one of the writers, elaborated the scheme still further in " The Dream of a Warringtonian," and proposed the forma- tion of a company with•this end in view, and he, together with Mr. C. E, Parker (who, as our readers are aware, has taken a keen interest in the question), and Canon Stevenson, the Chairman of the Beautiful warrington Society and the founder of the City 'Beautiful Conference, have been the prime movers in the formation of the present Company. They have been fortunate enough to enlist the sympathy and support of some of the most influential people in the neighbourhood, and probably no local Company has ever appealed to the public with a stronger Board of Directors. In addition to the three gentlemen already mentioned, it includes the names of Captain George Crosfield,Sir Gilbert Greenall, Mr. William Long, Mr. F. W. Monks, Mr. J. Charlton Parr, Mr. Henry Roberts, and Mr. W. Peter Rylands. Mr. C. E. Parker is the Chairman, and Alderman Bennett the Secretary. The Manchester and Liverpool District Banking Company, Ltd., have been appointed bankers for the Company, the Solicitors are Messrs. Henry Greenall and Cb. and Mr. F. R. Roberts, and the auditor Mr. Louis A. Voisey, chartered accountant, whilst the Registered Office is situate at Market Gate Chambers.

The project, in its present form, was first definitely launched on the Ist Decem- ber last, in a letter signed by Canon Stevenson, Alderman Bennett, Mr. Long, Mrs. Mary Garnett, Mr. Parker, and Miss Trada Crosfleld, and they, together with Mr. E. James Hall, another of the earliest supporters of the movement, are the seven signatories to the Memorandum and Articles of Association. On Friday, the 7th December, a public meeting was held at the Town Hall to consider the question, Mr. Crossley Greenwood,Organis- ing Secretary of the Co-partnership Tenants Housing Council, addressing an influential audience. The support of some thirty well known Warringtonians had been secured as the result of a preliminary canvass, and they met at the Old Academy, on Friday, the 21st December, and unanimously decided to form a WarrinFton Garden Suburbs Company. A Provisional Com- mittee was appointed, consisting of Canon Stevenson, Alderman Bennett, Councillor J. J. Nield, Captain Cros- field, Mr. William Bibby, Mr. Benjamin Farrar, the sites have been selected with a due regard to improvement of the Company's estates or in _ Mr. Linnssus Greening, Mr. E. James Hall, accessibility, appearance, health sad economy of sion of the scheme in other directions. Mr. George Knott, Mr. F.W. Monks, Mr. William building; that ample provision is to be made How far the Directors will be able to carry out the Nightingale, Mr. C. E. Parker, Mr. P. R. Roberts, for open spaces for ornamental or recreative purposes; idea will largely depend, of course, upon the financial and Mr. Henry Roberts, with Mr. Parker as that each house is to have a garden ; and tint not more support which the scheme is able to command. They provisional chairman and Mr. Bennett as provisional than a certain specified number of houses (probably seem to have confidence in it themselves, and have secotary. A number of sites were visited, and, eventu- twelve) are to be erected to the acre. The houses may subscribed considerably over £3,000 towards the ally, the triangular piece of land at the Penketh-lane be built either by the Company, by subsidiary Com- capital of the Company. We venture to hope that a ends, containing about 20 acres and bounded by the panies or Societies, or by private enterprize, the parent project which appears to be based upon sound business main roads to Widnes and to Liverpool and by the Company retaining the freehold and having full control principles, and which aims at a great and promising Whittle Brook was secured, subject to the sanction of over the plans. Preliminary steps have been for sums scheme of social amelioration, will reeeive the cordial the Board of Education, at the price of £225 per acre, time in progress with a view to the formation of support of all classes. and another site at Gmpnenhall, just opposite the Co-partnership Tenants' Societies to assist in the We may add that the nominal capital of the Company Latchford Locks and familiar to the public as the development of the estate on the, lines which have lis £20,000, divided into 20,000 shares of £1 each, that Morris Brook Farm, the area being about 22 acres and proved successful at Ealing and in other places, and it Prospectuses and forms of application, together with the price £l4O per acre. A plan of the proposed develop- is hoped that one or more of these will be shortly any further particulars, may be obtained from the ment of the former site has already been prepared and registered. The return on the shares will be limited to Rankers, the Solicitors or the Secretary; and that the is printed herewith. It will be noticed that each site a cumulative dividend of five per cent. per annum, and Subscription List will open on Monday, the 22nd of is situated in close proximity to several large works, all surplus profits, after meeting the expenses of July, and close on Wednesday the 31st of August. and our readers will observe from the Prospectus that management and development, will be applied to the

church structurally and keeping it in good order, and he trustedlthat now the organ.scheme was finished it would not mean that they would relax their efforts in any shape or form but that they would turn them into new channels and that now they were free from present monetary need they would set themselves to make the church what it should be—a great spiritual power in the town and a great force for righteousness and the Kingdom of Heaven. At Sunday's services the Rev. J. Manning will preach, and in the evening there will be a recital by Mr. Frank Hickman and choruses by the Warrington Male Voice Choir.

REMINISCENCES OF A MOTOR TOUR. "All work and no play "Make's Jack a dull boy." Not rhyme exactly, your readers will admit, but still true. IA. well known author once wrote "Three men in a boat." This is a narrative of the experiences of four men in a motor car. Nothing humorous is ; intended as the writer is known to most Warring- tonians as being to some extent ' devoid of wit, probably owing to the fact that he has Scotch blood in hia veins. But as 7a guide to aspiring motorists the following story may be useful. It is surprising how many Britishers know so little of their native land. Many have added to their geographical knowledge by cycling through 1 - districts hitherto unknown to them. Others perchance too old, or infirm (or probably lazy) have 'taken advantage of the much abused motor car. This, when used as a medium for pleasure, an not for rushing about the country and interfering with the comfort of His Majesty's subjects (who have, when all is said and done, a preferential right to the use of the roads) is most useful. Pardon this degression—Deponents state (to nse a legal phrase)that Warrington was left upon a certain Friday evening at about 7.15. The first- stop was made at Whitchurch, where the party halted for the night. One of the company being dead tired declined to accompany his associates in their "nightly prowl." When, however, this particular individual had waited until 10.15 p.m. he considered it was about time he had also a walk round. Happening upon two stalwart and able-bodied Guardians of the Peace, he asked them what time the houses (within tke meaning of the Act) closed in Cheshire where- upon he was promptly reminded that he was in Shropshire. The curtain fell and the discomfited visitor retired. Saturday morning, whilst awaiting breakfast, two of the more religiously inclined visited the ancient Parish Church, in which they were most interested. Three volumes of "Fox's Book of Martyrs" were seen padlocked and chained to an old oak desk. The interior of the Church, the ancient font and the stained glass windows were all worthy of attention. From Whitchurch the party proceeded to Shrewsbury, where they halted for probably fifteen minutes, taking the opportunity of inspecting the magnifi- cent Market Hall. From Shrewsbury to Leominster, where they lunched and afterwards accomplished the 27 mile journey to Worcester via Bromyard. They were informed that this was a very hilly country and discovered it was a veritable switchback, but all con- cerned agreed it was the loveliest Fart of England they had yet visited. The roads were perfect; there was a thorough absence of smoke as we see it in the more northern counties; roses and other flowers were blooming in profusion; hop-vines and apple and pear orchards were seen at their best, and every house, from the mansion of the great to the cottage of the poor, had evidently had the great- est care and attention bestowed upon it, even the yews being ti immed in a large variety of shapes classical and otherwise. Upon arrival at Worcester a temporary stay was made and the ancient Cathedral &c., inspected. From Worcester to Stratford-on-Avon where ShakeSpeare's home and Ann Hathaway's cottage were visited, and then on to Warwick where the party remained for the night. Leaving Warwick on Sunday mornington Leamington and Kenilworth were visited, and then the journey was continued on to Coventry. Five miles outside Coventry, and from there to the town many thousands of cyclists were met, leading the party to suppose that it was some fete day. Upon arrival, however, it wee discovered that it was quite a usual thing on every fine Sunday in the summer to see this .exodus. • Birmingham was taken en route, then through lovely eountry to Newcastle-under-Lyne, via Stone and Stoke. From Newcastle to Congleton and then to Knutsford, where the pa4t3T had tea and home, Warrington being reached by eight o'clock. For intending motorists or cyclists who have time at their disposal, no better route could be suggested, ,granted fine weather. It•opens out to the majority of people scenes of which they had perhaps not even dreamed.

SIGMA.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD-STREET ORGAN.

MORE RECITALS.

The members of the congregation of Bold-street Wesleyan Church are thoroughly pleased with the fine organ which has been installed and the selection com- mittee have been warmly congratulated upon their excellent choice. The instrument possesses excep- tional beauty of tone and great power, and its splendid qualities have been further demonstrated this week in enjoyable recitals. The services on Sunday were of a festal character befitting such a red letter occasion in the history of the Church. The preacher was the Rev. Samuel T. House, of Liverpool, g hose interesting dis- courses were liatened to by large congregations. Mr. W. H. Payton/Mus Bac., presided at the organ a each service. The choir gave exceedingly creditable interpretations of the anthems "Bless the Lora 0 Illy Saul" (Payton) "Te Deum in F,, (Joason), and "The Wilderness "(Goss). Mrs. Arthur Booth sang "I will extol Thee 0 God" (Costa) most effectively. At the close of the evening service Mr. Payton gave an organ recital which afforded the congregation considerable pleasure. The programme was as follows : roccata and Fugue 'Bach (a) "The Question" (b) " The Answer" Woistenholnie Chanson de Matin Elgar Lirgo (New World Symphony) Dvorak Sonata (No. 1) Mendelssohn Mr. Payton submitted each item with his customary taste and skill, the Sonata (Meade! ssohn) being a brilliant performance. The companion pieces by Wolstenholme are particularly pleasing compositions and Mr. Payton's sympathetic rendering brought out their beauties to the full. -

Great interest centered in Thursday's services at which recitals were given by Mr. David Clegg (of Crystal Palace and Queen's Hall, London). who has a more than national reputation. Notwithstanding the beautiful weather, many people assembled to hear the opening recital in tbe afternoon when the following pro- gramme was presented : Grand Symphony Saint Saens. (a) Well-known Hymn Tunes (varied) (b) The Egyptian Chorus if acfarrea. Dialogue—l` Church Organ v. Concert Organ" David Clegg. (a) Grand Fugue on a Chorale in D ,M.ajor Bach. (b) Sonata for the Organ lf erkel. Concert Overture (founded on themes from Meyerbeer) . Franz Carl. "The Storm Piece." Moritz.

The Dialogue of Mr. Clegg's composition was a novel and interesting feature, for it characterised two distinct organs—a church organ essontially and a concert organ with all the resources of a modern orehestra. _

_ There was a large attendance in the evening when Mr* Clegg played the following music : Russian Symphony lainka (a) Well-known Melodies (varied) (b) " The Russian Patrol ' Rubinstein Dramatic Scene—" The Glory of Thor" ...David Clegg (a) Prelude and Lugue (A minor) and Nachspiel (D minor) (b) Organ Sonata (founded on German Chorale " Nun Danket Alio Gott") Reitha French Band Contest Piece—" Grandselection from the

Works of Rossini."

I"The Storm Piece" Moritz Mr. CLEGG plays to entertain and is not bound by conventionality—in fact individuality is the keynote o.. 1: his performances. He is an exceedingly clever exponen of the instrument and a remarkable feature is that he submits his programmes entirely from memory. In the course of Thursday's recitals he produced some wonder_ ful effects and brought into play the full resources of the instrument. The programmes were most pleasingly varied, for in addition to the popnlar type of pieces there were several classical compositions in the interpretation of which Mr. Clegg evidenced great skill. In the band contest pieces the representations of the various solo instruments were particularly fine, while the warring of the elements in "The Storm" was vividly depicted. The performances throughout delighted the audiences and Mr.iClegg had to acknow- ledge the hearty acclamations in several instances by giving encore pieces. Before the proceedings closed, The Rev. J. MANNING said that BA the principal of the firm which had installed the organ—Mr. Brindley— was present, he would like to say how thoroughly pleased the trustees were with the instrument. It had been tested under a variety of circumstances and they were in every way satisfied. Messrs. Brindley and Poster had actually given them more than they stipulated for. He (Mr. Manning) was sure the instrument was worthy of the reputation of the firm and one of which the congregation were proud. After Mr. Clegg's mar- vellous performances it would be safe to say that next time ha came to Warrington he would have much larger audiences. (Applause.) A letter had that evening been Placed in his (Mr. Manning's) hands from pr. Andrew Carnegie, enclosing a cheque for £43o—(applause)—so that they might safely say that the scheme to which they set their hands was now successfully brought to a close. Much, however, remained to he done. They had on hand several plans yet for the beautifying of the

===== 0002601_19070720_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT FIRE AT WARRINGTON. £20,000 Damag'f! at Messrs. R. A. Naylor's Works,

There was great excltement in Warrington late on Wednesday night when it became known that a fire had broken out at the works of Messrs. R. A. Naylor, Ltd., Howley, Warrington. The red glare in the sky which could be seen for miles around made it only too evident that the outbreak wad a serious one, and when the ringing of the fire bell was followed by the weird sounds of the hooter at Messrs. • Crosfield's works people were soon hurrying in thousands from all parts of the town to the scene of the fire. How the outbreak originated is a mystery. It appears that the works were left apparently safe at about half. past eight, but shortly before ten o'clock a lady and gentleman were passing the vicinity and noticed flames issuing from a block of buildings. One of the works firemen was informed and the alarm was raised, with the result that many of the workmen were quickly on the spot and a pump and 'hose pipe were got to work. In the meantime the Warrington Fire Brigade had been summoned and turned out with commendable promptitude under the commarfd of Superintendent Turner and Deputy- Superintendent Turner. The joiners' department where the fire broke out was by this time a mass of flame and it was deemed necessary to call out Messrs. Crosfield's brigade who soon responded, Superintendent Gallon being in charge. Three fire engines were brought into use and owing to the close proximity of • the river, an unlimited supply of water was available. It was soon realized that the block of buildings comprising four joiners' shops and two machine shops was doomei to destruction, for the fire was raging furiously. The flames rose to a tremendous height and myriads of sparks shot upwards. The heat, too, was intense. The dry timber fell an easy prey to the flames,and the efforts of the brigades had to be directed to securing adjoining parts of the works. The firemen worked heroically and too much praise camiot be accorded to them, for they stcceeded in practically confining the flames to the departments above mentioned. In this they were aided by the weather conditions, for had there been a strong wind nothing could have saved the rest of the property, and houses in the vicinity would also have been imperilled. The roof of the joiners' department fell in with a great crash and soon a wall collapsed, falling on to the iron roof of an adjacent machine shop and smash- ing it in. The fall of this wall was fortunate for it had the effect of smothering some of the fire, and making the brigades' task easier. At one time a large shed in which a great quantity of timber is stored got alight, but the firemen worked so hard that the flames were extinguished and the building was saved, although some of the beams were charred and the• glass roof was considerably damaged. There was much risk to the firemen from masses of falling . debris, but fortunately no-one was hurt. Before half- past eleven the fire was well under control, but the brigades were at work all night playing on the smouldering ruins, while the Warrington brigade remained on duty on Thursday morning. A scene of devastation met the gaze of visitors to the works on Thursday. The four joiners' shops and two machine shops were completely gutted, only a mere framework remaining. Costly machinery was destroyed and a great quantity of finished work, of considerable value, as well as stacks of timber in the yard, suffered a similar fate. Many workmen also lose' their valuable tools which are kept on the premises. It is indeed a cause for congratulation that the ear- rounding buildings were saved and in several import- ' ant departments work is proceeding as usual. The offices of the firm were not touched by the fire, so that the books were not. damaged. The horses were also saved, workmen promptly removing them from the stables. It •is hoped that those employes who would in the ordinary course have been thrown out of employ- ment, will soon be found work in other parts of the premises. The damage, which is ; estimated at £20,000, is covered by insurance. The police arrangements f)r de ding with the crowd wer3 excellent, being under the personal supervision of the new Chief Constable (Mr. N. Nicholls). .1.••••••••••••••• ANOTHER FIRE. On Thursday night the members of the fire brigade I were summoned to an outbreak at tbe shop of Mr.B.Tyre I pawnbroker, Buttermarket-street. On the arrival of the brigade under Superintendent Turner it was found that flames were issuing from the top floor at the rPar of the premises, in which were stored articles of a miscellaneous character which bad been

===== 0002601_19070720_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
A SHOCK FOR THE " DAILY MAIL"

Mr. W. H. Lever, M.P., Gets £50,000, Damages.

THE YELLOW PRESS HUMBLED.

Quite unexpectedly, and, indeed, somewhat sensation- ally, the libel action by Lever Brothers, Limited, against the Associated Newspapers, Limited, in regard to articles in the '• Daily Mail" and "Evening News" on the soap combine, came to an end at the Assizes on Wednesday.

Mr. Rufus Isaacs announced that the defence was unreservedly withdrawn, he tendered a complete apology, and offered £50,000 damages, a record sum in a libel action. Judgment was taken for this amount, and the case came to an end.

Mr. Lever, who was in the box during the whole of the previous day, proved a splendid witness. He gave the eager Court the impression, not only of a man with a strong case, but of a man who was determinbd not to rob it of any of its strength by answering more than he was asked, or indulging in any of those irrelevances by which a garrulous witness often harms the cause he seeks to help. Mr. Rufus Isaacs, the leading counsel for the defence. is one of the most searching cross-examiners at the English bar, but he made no impression on the astute chief of the Port Sunlight works. There was some delay before Counsel came into the Court on Wednesday. On entering Mr. Rufus Isaacs at once proceeded to explain that the fight was over, and added I withdraw unreservedly any imputation which has been made upon Mr. Lever's honour and integrity, and on behalf of my clients I say they much regret they have been misled into making the statements which have appeared in their paper, and which reflected so seriously upon him. At the earliest opportunity after hearing his evidence, and some of the statements he made which were quite new to as, we take the course which is the only. straightforward and honourable course for a newspaper to take under the circumstances. Realising what has happened, and that it has been mis- led, it takes the only means it can to repair the injury. I repeat that without any reservation of any sort we not only withdraw the imputations, but deeply regret they should have been made, and that we should have been misled into making them with regard to Mr. Lever."-

Mr. Rufus Isaacs, after a consultation with plaintiffs' counsel, announced that a settlement had been arrived at. The settlement, he said, was not only on the action against the "Daily Mail," but in the action which succeeded it in respect of libels by the "Daily Mirror." The observations he had made, and his unreserved witn- drawal and expressions of regret in reference to the libel in the first case, applied equally to the second. "Having taken the coarse which we thought right to take this morning," added counsel. "we have been anxious that we should meet the plaintiff company in no mean, niggardly, or grudging spirit as regards damages. They have formulated a claim on us, the amount of their damage in respect of both actions, at £50,000. Ido not desire,on behalf of the defendants to in any way reduce that sum. We agree to pal, the sum of £50,000 to them in settlement of the litigation,and as a matter of form my friend desires that a verdict should be taken by consent for this sum in the first action. The result of that will be there will be judgment for that amount with taxed costs in the first action in the second there must bo simple judgment for the costs, and that, I am glad to say, will pa& an end to this litigation." Sir Edward Carson said his friend had asked what sum Mr. Lever wished to name as the proper measure and mark of the damage, and Mr. Lever said £50,000. "My friend has accepted our own measure of damages, and there will be a verdict and judgment, therefore, for £50,000. I ask your lordship to enter judgment for the plaintiffs with costs for that amount.' His lordship expressed his satisfaction at the settle- ment, adding : " It would be very ungracious of me to express any criticism of the articles which formed the subject matter of the libel, after the course which has been taken • and, therefore, I do not propose to do so. I cap only say this, that if I had been called upon to deal with those articles, and there had been nothing more to justify them than has appeared in the course of cross- examination, as far as it has gone, I should have felt it my duty to express myself in no hesitt.t;ng or measured language as to the character of those articles. But since the parties have wisely agreed to the course we have just heard there is nothing further for you of for me to do than to tell you to return a verdict for £5OOOOO for the plaintiffs."

The jury did as requested, and judgment was give with costs in both actions.

ligE. COST OF THE CASE.

It is expeded that the costs on both side, including those of the solicitors and the preparation of the case and collection of evidence, will fall very little short of five figures—if at all.

RECORD DAMAGES. The damages of £50,000 are by far the largest ever paid in connection with a libel action in this country. The previous largest was £!2,000 awarded by the jury in the Kitson v. Playfair suit in 1896. The previous record in an action of any kind was £25,000 awarded in the Con- stantinidi divorce suit. FURTHER ACTIONS PROBABLE.

A Leeds correspondent says that in the course of an interview on Thursday night Messrs. Day and Yewdall, of the Central Bank Chambers, Leeds, solicitors to Messrs. Joseph Watson and Sons, Limited, of the Whitehall-road Soap Works, confirmed the statement made some time ago by Mr. Day that an action against the Associated Newspaper, Ltd., is pending. It is for libel, and is expected to be heard next October. A separate action has been entered against the" Leeds and Yorkshire Mercury." Sir Edward Carson has been retained for the plaintiffs as leading counsel in both cases.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., and the Soap Combine.

Commenting on the verdict, in Thursday's "Daily News," Mr. P. W. Wilson, M.P., who writes" Pictures in Parliament," said As for the hero of the occasion—Mr. Lever—l am not surprised that one who heard his evidence should have been impressed by his cool, passionless, unanswerable candour. The names of Mr. Lever and of Mr. Crosfield —also a member of this House --were pilloried by the Moderates last March, all over London, and on many occasions I have discussed with both these gentlemen the large problem :of industrial combination from the side of capital. Mr. Lever frequently displays that kind of fatalism which accepts what it regards as economic destiny- "I am "—he is fond of telling us—" not an employer, but, like the rest of you, the servant of the public, which is the only real employer of labour." He makes no pretence that the building of Port Sunlight was an act of benevolence or philanthropy. "A successful busi- ness," he explains, "must have physically efficient workpeople.' When, earlier in the year, he introduced his Old Age Pensions Bill he argued for social reform in the same even, imperturbable strain—pleading for universal income tax—graduated— so that each citizen may know precisely what his country is costing:him. Clear, accnrate, unwavering thought dominates the whole man; his tactics may be hard, but they are the precise opposite to those tricks which were alleged by the "Daily Mail." The perils underlying largo combinations are admitted by none more frankly than, let us say, by Mr. Crosfield. But in Mr. Lever's evidence we have, perhaps for the first time, a demonstration on oath of the way in which, when al, country enjoys Free Trade, the prices of raw materials—rising, falling—immediately react upon the market for the finished commodity. Where the ports are unencumbered by tariffs, variations in price are extraordinarily delicate and rapid. But a ring fence woald at once destroy the consumer's automatic ssfeguard. To denounce the "Soap Trust" while defending Protection has thus been a fatal non sequitur. One word more. I have not the pleasure of a usual place in the Press Gallery, but, in that important quarter of the House, Mr. Lever's victory is hailed with, unbounded satisfaction. The Harmswortis Press has become a hideous menace to the profession of journalism, as honourably pursued in this country, and it is now hoped that fairness and accuracy may cease to be drugs in the market.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Letter from Mr. Crosileld

The following letter from Mr. Crostield appeared in yesterday's" Daily News": Sir.—Your Parliamentary representative refers to my having admitted•the perils of gnat combinations. What I may not have made quite clear was that, without any combination at all, manufacturers might for a few years rush down prices, and make things very awkward even for thoroughly up-to-date small manufacturors,

entitled under normal circumstances to hold their owir, and make 3 fair profit. That kind of extreme policy familiar in America, has never hitherto been adopted in the soap /trade in England, Mid I knew that Mr. Lever • and others who supported his scheme last autumn had not the faintsst intention of running prices down in this fashion, or of adopting any such policy if the work- ing arrangement had been carried through. That was one of the reasons why, during the campaign of calumny indulged in by the Yellow Press lastautunn I defended in several letters to the Press the policy Mr. Lever had initiated.

Another reason was that I knew those who would have been responsible for the conduct of affairs in our working arrangement, alliance, or combine—whichever be the most correct terra to use—would not have tolerated any policy for the inflation of prices. Undue cutting of prices would, of course, have been avoided, but the allegation that were we going to squeeze the public and rush prices up was just as untrue as the statements, made with charming inconsistency by the same papers, that we were going to rush prices down. As a matter of fact, the keenness of American manu- facturers to find an outlet for their soap abroad would always be a healthy check on English manufacturers if they attempted to charge extravagant prices as com- pared with cost of materials and of manufacture. And this, of course, is a fact of the utmost significance to all Free Traders, and indeed all consumers alike. It is the most important of the facts that would have differentiated Mr. Lever's proposed Combine from a Trust in any sense in which that word is used in England.

The charge that we were simply attempting to start an American Trust wasjust one of the many pieces of false coin that have since been nailed to the counter. As stated,in evidence in Liverpool, we desired not to puts stop to a certain amount of legitimate advertising, which I rather think may always be necessary, but to save wasting large sums of money which, when prices of raw materials allow of it, are squandered in frenzied advertising. We should also have been able to reduce the cost of manufacture in the country as a whole by exchanging information, and making use all round of the results acquired by practical experience on the one hand, and scientific research on the other. These large savings must, in the long run, I submit, have been to the benefit of both producer and consumer. John Morley says in effect that we must be content in government with a second best. In a sense the same thing may be said of trade under whatever conditions it is carried on, but while recognising that, I have argued before, and maintain now, that Mr. Lever's scheme would have been in the long run to the benefit of all concerned. This great trial in Liverpool has shown how flagrantly many people were misled by the wholesale circulation of mis-statements, and competitors though we are in business, 1 rejoice in the victory he has won.— Yours etc., A. H. CROSFIELD. Hyde Park Hotel, London, July 18th.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Births.

WEESSMULLER—JuIy 11th, t the Rock, Frodsham, the wife of Rudolf Weissmuller (nee Alice E. Linaker),- of Hazeldene, Runcorn, of a son. ADAUSON—On 16th inst., as Preston Avenue, Eccles, to Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Adamson, a son. ISIORGAN-PAYLER—JuIy 13th. at 2, The Priory, Higher Broughton, the 'wife of F. T. Morgan-payer, of a daughter.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
Marriages.

HARRISON-HARDY-Juiy 13th, at the Parish Church,. Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, George Thomas Harrison to Harriett Esther Hardy. SILCOCK—GLEAvE—On July 166, at the Parish-. Church, Warrington, by the _Rev. E. C. E. Carleton. Harold Alfred Fairhurst eldest son of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Silcock, to Edith Coningsby eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Gleave. At home August 7 and 8. WREGHT—ICANE—.Oa the 17th inst., at the Presbyterian Church, Northeuden-road. Sale, by the Rev. F. Harvey, 8.A., Thomas Wright, youngest son of the, late Benjamin Wright, Queen's-road, Oldham. to Annie Mary (May), eldest daughter of W. R. Kane, Woodville, Melrose Avenve, Brooklands.

Deaths. ASTON—JuIy 9th, at Fenhana-ro.td, Handscrorth, aged 56 years, John Aston.

Warrington.—Printed and published by .101 IN WALKS); & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Worke Bewsey-street, and published by them at the saMO. place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road WIDNES: 32, George-street, ST. HELENS: 3, Market' treet, EARLESToWN; Church-street RIINCOIM Juiir 20th. 1907.

===== 0002601_19070720_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i

•

===== 0002601_19070720_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS. Latest Quotations.

BANS RATE O.—SETTLING DAY JULY 31sT 1907. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOON Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day. BRITISH FUNDS. Consolsai% 100 ...S4i 20 Annuities 100 ...3 1 . .

21% Annuities 100 ...-821 Nt. War Loan 21% Red 1910 lOO -.984 Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO ...951 Bank of England Stock .. 100 ...276 India Stock 100 ...98.} BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 ...361 Lancashire and Yorkshire lO ...35± London and County 90 ...90 London and Westminster "0 ...521- Manchester and County 17 ...5Si Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 —4Bl Parrs 90 ...86 Union of London 151 ...35i Union of Manchester ll ...26 Williams Deacons . 8 —251 HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian lOO ...941 Glasgow & S.-W. Prof. ord. lOO ...62 Great Central Deferred lOO _134 Great Central Preferred lOO ...20 Great Eastern 100 ...72 Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO Great Western lOO ...1 2 4 Lancashire and Yorkshire lOO ...100 London, Brighton & South Coa.st 100 ...105 London Chatham and Dover 100 .121 London and North-Western lOO ...143 London and South-Western lOO ... 148 Motropolitan lOO ... 47 Midland Def. Convd. Ord 100 ...61. -- Do. Prof. Convd. Ord 100 _65 North British North Eastern Consols.. ma ...137 North Staffordshire lOO _97 South Eastern 100 ...72 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. \ • Canadian Pacific 100 ...ISI Grand Trunk of Canada lOO ...27-1, Do. Guaranteed 100 ...1041 Do. Ist Pref. lOO ...121 Do. 2nd Pref 100 ...110 Do. 3rd Pref SHIP CANAL. Man Ship Canal Ord. lO . In,C do. do. do. Perpl. 5% Pref 10 —2210 BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffe and Gretton 5% Cum. Prof. Bell and Co. Ord . 10 -.101 Bents Brewery Ord, 10 ...4Z, Boddington's Ord 10 ...7 Chester's Ord lO .81 Groves & Whitnal 5% Cum. Prof 10 -.71 Guinness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. lOO -.580 Parker's Buralem Ord. 10 ...10 Springwell Ord 10 ...6 Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO -.21 Walker (P.) & Son 5% Cum Pref 10 ...9k TECEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE Anglo American Telegraph Ord _lOO ...62; Nat. Telephone Prof. Ord. 6% lOO _lo9' do. Def. Ord. lOO ...100 do. Ist Pref. 6% lO ..121 do. 2nd Prof. Minimum 6% 10 ...101 Nat. relephone 34% Deb. Stock lOO ...96 TRAMWAYS. Blackpool & Fleetw'd Tramroad -.10 ...121 British Electric Traction Ord. lO ...3 Southport Tramways 5 ...3k MINES. British South Africa (Char; 1 -.2570 Charter Trust and Agency 1 _ll/3 Cons. Goldfield of S 4 1 ...34 East Rand Proprietary 1 ...3i Hendersons 1 1 -.8/0 Johannesburg Consolidated.. ...... ....1 .. 21/71 KaNrs Consolidated 1 ...19/0 Oceanas 1 _l6lO Rand Mines 5/- ...5; Randfonteins 1 ...28/6 Rht,desia Exploration 1 ...27,'9 Tanganyika ...4 Transvaal Estates —ll/3 The above list and prices have been compiled by Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Co., Stock and Share Brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, and will bcr ound reliable.

'

===== 0002601_19070720_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY. TO-DAY. OUR NEW SERIAL ROMANTIC AND SENSATIONAL STORY BY AN AUTHOR POPULAR IN BOTH HEMISPHERES. WE have pleasure in announoing that we have arrangad for the publication in our ciolumns of a new Story entitled- - " THE VERDICT OF THE HEART," BY CHARLES GARVICE, AUTHOR OF "HER HEART'S DESIRE," " IN CUPID'S CHAINS," "JUST A GIRL," " NANCE," "THE OUTCAST OF THE FAMILY," "A CORONET OF SHAME," ETC. -- Lovers of powerfully-written sensational fiotion should look out for the opening chapters of this new story, which will prove one of the most deeply interesting yet published in this journal. "THE VERDICT OF THE FTEART," BY CHARLES GARVICE. Publication of this story begins in our columns TO-DAY. TO-DAY:

b it 1.11..A.G8EL" RAZORS ARE THE AC E OF PERFECTION. SHIIFFIHL MAIM WARRANTED. POST FRHH 2s. 64., 38.. 48. :6D., AND bs. 6D J. O. DODD. 10. ST. JOHN'S LANH,7.LIVERPOOL. MAde And Grnnnri By Engligh Latannr.

BOLD STRHIIiT WW,LICYANI CRURCH. TO-Nlollllow (STINIPtY) JULY 21.8. r. 1907. Rev. J. MANNING. Morning 10 30. Rvening 6.30. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

BEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH. vvARRINGION. ON SUNDAY NEXT, JULY 21sT, 197. Morning : Rev. R. J. GAWNE. Evening 630 : Rev. SIDNEY PI IT. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLi3oRNE STREET. TO-MORROW 'SUNDAY) JULY 218 T. PREACHER : MR. JOHN WRIGHT, (Glazebury.) MORN ING 10.45. EVENING 6.30 Hymn Books provided. Everybody welcome. Wednesday Evening Service 8 15. W YCLIFFE CHURCH. B KWSEY STREET. WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JULY 218 T, 1907. PREACHER REV 14ARRY WALL. 10.30 A.m. AND 6.30 P.M. ANNUAL cOLLEVIIORS FOR LANCASHIRE INDEPENDENT COLLEOR.

BAPTIST C HU FL C ET. LATCHFORD TO-iIORROW (SUriDAY) JULY 21st, 1907. PREACHER JOHN FRANCIS MATTREWq, Morning 10.30. " The ideal Church" Evening 6.0. " A religion of persuasion." OFFERTORIES.

I\TEW BRIO HTON.—SCHOOL TRKATti AND PARTIES OATERRD FOR BY HEMINGWAY, BAKER, VICTORIA ROAD. Booms and IPeneila on Hire; accommodation about 400 opposite Tower Entrance, Egerton at., New Brighton.

JOSEPeI Cit.)BFtE6D & SOSS, LTD.—FIVE PRR ORNT Plia-PFIRIPBRRNC4I Sllflllßi.—The •PRkNSPOR ROOKS of this Company relative to this iesue, WILL Bit otosiat from the 16th TO TRH 3iat JULY Instant (blth days inclusive) for the parr)). ot preparin g and issuing dividend warrants doe Anzust Ist. J. B. WARDLB, Seeretary. Dated Warrington, July 12th, 1907.

WIIIT CIT Y, OLO TRAFFORD, MANCFIESTER.-4. CITY OF PLEASURE. OP EN PAILY FROM 12.20 TO 11.0 P.m. THE FINEST BANDS IN THE WORLD (FREE'. MOST GRANDIOSE ILLUMINATIONS ON EARTH (FREE) GREAT AMERICAN CIRCUS (FREE). THURSDAYS AND SATURDAYS. BALL ROOM. SKATING RINK. NUM RttOtT9 ATTRACTIONS. ADMISSION SlXPENCE.—(Telephone 4446).—800ks of Tlekete. 3s. 3d.. Admitting to Grounds and 15 Side Shows. WARRINTOTONT INO&PENDIOT LABOUR PA.PTY will hold a series of SOCIALIST MEETINGS to be ADDRESSED by MR. W. C. ANDERSON. LATE ORGANISER FOR THE SHOP ASSISTANTS UNION. SUNDAY, JULY 21sT II a.m. and 7 p.m. at BRIDGE FOOT. moNDAY and TUIVin AY, 7.30 p.m. at BRIDGE 1,007. WEDNESDAY 7.1.1 p.m. SCOTT STREET. JOHN'S WARD. THUESDIY 7.10 p.m. at ELLE MERE ST., Howley Ward Friday 7.30 p.m. at SANKEY GREEN, Saturday 70 m.at BRIDE/Y-1000T. Uthwesther be wt the Meetings will he held in the I.L.P. clubrooms, Friar's Green. Questions invitel.

WARRINGTON & DISTRICC AGRI.CULTURAL SOCIETY. PRE3IDENT : SIR GILBERT GREENLLL, BARC. VICE-FRPOIDENT : COLONEL LEGH. IBth ANNUAL SHOW To DE HELD IN WALTON PARK, NEAR WARRINGTON. ON TEIURSONY, 15TH AUGUST, 1907. PRIZES, CUPS AND MEDALS value £709. JUMPERS, TURNOUTS, SHIRES, HUNTERS, CATTLE, &c., &o. Prize List. &a., may be obtained from the Secretary. H. ELMSFORD MELVILLE.

BEAUTIFUL WAKELINGTuN ut.A.STY. TIM SROONO ANNUAL EXHIBITION OF FLOWKRS AND PLANTS, WILT, BE HELD OW SATURDAY, AUGUST 311 T, 1907. AT THE num, HA.T,L WARRINGT nN. The Rxhlbition will he OPRNRD FY MRS. !YON. SPECIAL pmzes for best decorated Fronts of Shops and other business premises. Gardens. Window Boxes, Flowers and Plants. All COM PRTITIONS are open t.l those who become Mem- bers of the Society before the 31tt July, SUBSCRIPTION q FROM Is. UPWARDS. THE ARE ALS° SEVERAL OPEN CLA.BBE.?. Prize Sehedules and Fntry Forms may be obtained from the Seeretery. at the Old Academy, Warrington, or from the Ward Seetetari es. The FOLLOWING WARD SECRETARIES Will receive Subs3rip- tions and antries : ST. AUSTIN 8 WARD : HBRBERT GIBSON, Fairfield Road. WRlTEcioss WARD : G. H. WALICRF, St.. Barnabas Place. Tows HALL WARD .—'2H'IMAS COW MILL Leigh Street, ST. JoHA'B AND ORFoRD WARD : JOSH PH HILL, 23, Birchen Street. AIRFIELD WARD :—G. B. KNOTT. 17, Padgate Lane. RowLET WARD :—W. H. SIidALLUY. 18 Willis Street. LATcare,RD WAIF]) :—W. J. WILSON, 24, Thelwall Lane. The Secretary will attend at the Old Academy t.etweon 7 and 8 p.m. on Mcnday, Tuesday and Wednesday, the 29th. 30th, and 31st of July, to distribute Schedules and receive Bubscrlptlona.

CHNSHIRS LINK. LIVRRP'OI, SUMMER RC.-ON WEDNE9- ~ DAY, THURSDAY. and FRIDAY, July 21th, 25th and 46th, 197. Cheap Tickets will be issued to Aintree. adjoin. Lug the Racecourse, as under : TIM.S OF STATIONS. eT.ARTING EACH DAY. R. 1711 . p.m. Stockport (Tiviot Dtle) dep ... 10 3 ... 12.39 Wost Timrerley ... 10.16 ... 12 60 Warrington (Centril) Widnes (Central) Aintree art 11.46 ... 2.5 For fares, return t mes, and full narticulars, see bills. JAMIIS PINION, Manager. Liverpool Central Station. July., 1 907

FOR ARTIFICIAL TEETH AND THEIR ACCOMPANYING PROCESSES CONSULT W. J. BARNES. 54, LEGH STREET, WARRINGTON.

This Prospectus has been filed with the Registrar of Joint Strek Companies. The SUBSCRIPTION LIST WILL BE OPENED on MONDAY the 22nd day of July 1907, and will close on Wednesday the 31st day of July 1937. W ARRINGTON GARDEN SUBURBS, LIMITED. (Incorporated under the Companies Acts, 1862 to 1901) CAPITAL ... ... ... £20,000 Divided into 20.000 Ordinary Shares of £1 each. Entitled to a Cumulative Dividend at the rate of £5 per cent per annum, and, in case the Company is wound up, to a Bonus not exceeding £lO per cent, upon the amount paid up thereon. Five Shillings per Share is payable on application, and the restdue as and when required. DIRECTORS. CHARLES B. PARKER. Esq., Ponketh Lodge, near Warrington. Tanner. nhairman. ILDERMAN ARTHUR BENNETT, J.P., Paddington House. near Warrington. Chartered Acceuntant. CAPTAIN GEORGE R. CROSFIELD. Volunteer Head- , quarters, Warrington. i SIR GILBRRT GREENALL, Part., D.L.. Walton Hall, near Warrington, High Sheriff of Cheshire. , WILLIAM LONG, Bsq., J.P., Thelwall Heys, near Warrington. F. W. MONKS, Esq., J.P.. Stonecroft, Appleton, near Warrington, Iron Manufacturer. J. CHARLTON PARR, Esq., D.L., J.P. Grappenhall Reyes, near Warrington. HENRY ROBERTS, Esq., J P., Kingsley, Hill Cliffe, neat Warrington. Merchant. W. PETER RYLANDS. Esq.. J.P, Dingle Bank, Lymm, 1 Cheshire, Wire Manufacturer. 1 THE REV. CANON MORLEY STEVENSON, M.A., Principal of the Training College, Warrington. BANKERS. THE MANCHESTER AND LIVERPOOL DISTRICT BANKING COMPANY, LIMITED, Sankey at.. Warrington. SOLICITORS. MgaSina. HENRY GREENALL it CO., 3, Winwick at., Warrington. P. R. ROBERTS, ESQ., M.A., LL.B., Egypt at , Warrington. AUDITOR. LOUIS A. VOTSEY, EN., Chartered Accountant, 21, King it., Warrington. SECRETARY, ARTHUR BENNETT, Req., Chartered Accountant. REGISTERED OFFICE. MARKET GATE CHAMBERS, WARRINGTON. PROSPECTUS. THIS COMPANY has been formed for the purpose of purchasing or acquiring on lease suitable estates or plots of . land in, or on the immediate outskirts of the town of Warrington with the intention of establishing GARDEN SUBURBS in order to provide the inhabitants of the town and neighbourhood with convenient, healthy and attractive residences at moderate rentals. The conditions surrounding the houses and homes of the people are vital to the well- being of the nation, and the movement which is rapidly spreading over England for the establishment of GARDEN CITIES AND SUBURBS indicates a way by A bleb, through the voluntary association of all classes, much may be done on practical and business lines to solve a difficult problem. The desire of the promoters is to localize the methods which have been successful in other places with a view to improving 1 the conditions under which many of the working people of Warrington at present have to live. EACti ESTATE will be carefully selected with due regard to accessibility, appearance, health. and economy of build- ing, and laid out as a whole under the best available expert advice. By adopting comprehensive methods of develop- ment in all their estates the promoters confidently anticipate that they will be able to effect substantial economies and to avoid much of the waste which is incidental to individual building and, at the name time, to make it possible for each suburb to have its own characteristics, the buildings to be planned and arranged with reference to the beauty and convenience of the whole. The houses may be erected either by the Company, or by subsidiary Companies or Societies, or by both, or by private enterprise, the Company retalaing the freehold, where such estate is vested in it. the ground rents which will be created being available for the payment of the Company's working expenses and fixed dividends. Preliminary steps have already been taken with a view to the formation of co-operative Tenants' Societies to assist in the experiment on the lines which have proved so successful at Baling and in other places, and it is hoped that one or more of these will be registered very shortly. FUND A- MENTAL FEATURES of the scheme are that ample provision shall be made for open spaces for ornamental or recreative Purposes, that each house shall have a garden, that not more than a certain specified niamber of houses per acre shall be erected, and that all plans shall be subject to the approval of the Company. NEGOTIATIONS are well advanced for the purchase of two sites, one at Great Sankey and the other at Grappenhall. The former is situated within ten minutes' walk of the Cor- poration Tram Service. It contains about 20 acres of undulat- ing land, with good roads on two sides. The owners are the Governors of the Warnineton Grammar School, and the price agreed to be paid is £225 per acre (see plan enclosed). Mr. i Bennett. Sir Gilbert Greenall, Mr. Long, Mr. Parr, Mr. f Roberts and Mr. Ryland's, six of the Directors, (are Governors i of the Grammar School, but they have no personal pecuniary 1 interest in the proposed sale. The Grappen/sall site, known as Morris Brook Farm, contains about 22 acres. The owner Is Mrs. Mary Anne Rostock, of langsbridga, Devonshire, and the price agreed to be paid is £2950. The land is close to Latchford Locks, on the Cheshire aide, and in immediate proximity to several large works. Both sites are moat suit- able for the Company's purposes, and, if they are acquired, the Directors intend to proceed as quickly as possible with the promotion of Garden Suburbs thereon. No promotion money is being or has has been paid. A copy of the Memorandum and Articles of Association can be inspected at the offices of the Solietors to the Company at any time during business hours. A copy of the Memorandum is printed at the end of this Prospectus, and forms part of it. The Articles rf Asscciation of the Company provide, as regards the qualification of the Directors, as follows : 'B4. Until otherwise determined by a General Meeting, the number of the Directors shall not be less than 6 nor more than lb. The qualification of a Director shall be the holding in his own name in the Company's books shares of the Company of the nominal 7alue of £lO on which all calls for the time being made have been paid. "86. The Directors shall be paid out of the funds of the Company by way of remuneration for their services such sum as the Company in General Meeting may from time to time determine and such sum shall be divided among the Directors in such proportion and manner as the Directors may determine." It may be added that the Directors have already promised to take up over £3,000 in shares. The minimum subset's tion upon which the Directors will proceed to allotment has been fixed at £5,000. The preli- minary expenses of and incident to the formation and float- ing of the Company down to the time when it becomes entitled to commence business will be paid by the Company, and are estimated at £1.50. Application for shares should be made upon the accompany- ' ing farm, and sent to the Bankers of the Company. The Manchester and Liverpool District Banking Company, Limited, Sankey-street, Warrington; together with remit- tances for the amount payable on applications. Prospectuses and forms of application can be obtained at the Registered Offiats of the Company, or from the Solicitors i or Bankers. Dated 13th, July, 1907. THE RETURN ON THE SHARES will be limited to a cumulative dividend of Five Pounds per cent. per annum. All surplus profits,after Meeting the expenses of management and development, subject to the recommendations of the Directors, will be applied either in the improvement of the Company's properties or in the extension of the scheme in other directions. None of the elates of this issue are being or have been issued otherwise than for cash. No commission has been paid or is payable for the sub- scription or underwriting of any Shares of this issue.

TEM cORPORATION OF WARRINGTON IS PREPARED to RECEIVE' LOANS, either at six months notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the Boaotiont TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington. BIRKBECK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN, W.C. 2k PER CLINT. INTEREST allowed on Deposit Accounts. 2 PER CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Accounts with Cheque Book. All General Banking Business Transacted. ALMANACK, WITH FULL PARTICULARS, Posp FREE. C. F. RAVENbCROFT, SRCRUARY HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. cOVERLETTH I TAILS OF nom HAIR FRAMES, PURE ft a FROM 3/6 EAcm. HAIR. 3 0/ tf T 8 BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

NTURSES! NUttS&S !! NuRsE6 ! ! ! MALE OR FEXIA.LE', ANY CASE', ANY DI iTANOR, MGR 17 OR DAY. LIVERPOOL MALR AND FHIIALE NURSES' INSTITUTION, (EsTLBusHED 33 YEARS). HOPE 11013 SK, HOPI ST., LIVERPOOL. Telephone: 2570 Royal. Telegrams " Nrnrset."

SAVE By writing for our WHOLESALE CATALOGUE. It will be a reveletion. 3D. Special consideration given to Cricket, IN THE Footmill, Hockey, Golf and other Clubs. 18. Everything supplied. RELIANCE GREAT STORES. SINGLE DEPT. M. MANCHESTER ST., ARTICLES LIVERPOOL. WHOLESALE GRRA TEST PROVINCIAL ATHLETIC OUIFITTE ELS. Cycle and Motor Accessories FRICES• et iroomparahl,. rriees.

THOMAS EDISON'S JULY RECORDS IN STOCK. Don't miss VESTA TILLETS 'AWL" also Sterling, Edison Bell July Records every Title in Stook. A treat, the Waits from the " fdIIRRY WIDOW," the rage of England. Full Stock of GRAMOPHONE AND ZONOPHONE RECORDS AT .JAKE GR &HAM'S. 76, RENSHAW ST. (Bold St. end) AND 271, PARK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Tel. 56X Royal. INGKRSOL WATCH.E!,. Fe. PORI' FRFIR. GITARARITFRO FOR 5 YRARq.

YAKWIS BANK LIMITbD. NOTI C E IS HEREBY liIVEN, that an EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MBRTING of this Company will be held at the Bank Premises, Winvrick at., Warrington, OR THURSDAY. THE 25TH DAY OF JULY. 1907. at Twelve o'clock noon. for the purpose of declaring a dividend to be payable on Ist August, confirming the election of a Director, and conducting the Ordinary Business of the Company. The Transfer Books will be closed from Wednesday. 17th July, to Thursday, 2Oth July. both days inclusive. • By Order, , Bartholomew Lane, R. W. WHALLEY, London, IA C. General Manager. July 13th, 1907.

IN' BELGIUM, 0 VIA H ARWICH AND ANTWERP, every Week-say. THROUGH CARRIAGES BETWEEN LIVERPOOL AND HARWICH vie DONCASTER OR LINOOLS. A Read "Holidays in Belgium." ySend post-card to W. PowNALL, G.E.1?.. 82, Portland-street, Manchester. for descriptive, illustrated pamphlet (free). LAISGLANDe SAILINGS TO GREENOCK AND PLASGOW. " PRINCESS LOUISR " OR OTHER STEAMER. Prom LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW (Clarence Dock.) (Berths No. 22-.18, North Side) Tues. July 23rd 8 p.m. Sat. July 20th 2 p.m. *9.30 p.m. Sat. July 27th 10 p.m. Thure.Julv 25th 2 p.m. *9.30 p.m. Tues. July 3Cth 2 p.m. *7.10 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central): Special reduced through tickets from Warrington, Widnes &c. Single, let Class and Cabin 11s. 6d. ; Single, 3rd Class and Steerage 6s, Return (valid for two months) let Class and Cabin 181. ; 3rd Class and Cabin. 17s. NOTE.—The above fares include the railway journey between Greenock and Glasgow (Central). bpeeial 14 days Excursion Tickets: Cabin 141., Steerage 3d M. I:ANGLANDR AND SONS, 14, CROSS STREET, MANCINSTER. 10, RUMFORD MAMA, LIVFORPOOL.

IvERPOOL & !NORTH WALES REGULAR Li DAILY SAILINGS From Prince's Stage (weather tic., permitting). Every Dav, at 10.45 a.m. by La MARGUERITE (Friday., SC. TunNo) for LLANDUDNO. BEAUMARIS, BANGOR and MENAI BRIDGE, due back 7.30 p.m. EXTRA SAILING-S. 230 p.m. FRIDAYS, SA.TI/RDAYS and MONDAYS. Early Boat on Mondays. due Liverpool at 10.15 a.m. returning at 2.30 p.m. ANGLESEY TRIP. 9.15 a.m. TUESDAY, 30th, calling at Liandudn due back 8.15 pm. HOLYHEAD THIPS at 9.15 a.m. Moan:nava and WEDNESDAYS allowing 6 hours ashore at Lianduduo due back 8 p.m. Through Bookings from Principal Stations. For Fares, &L. apply Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Co., T. G. Brew. Sec., 40, Chapel-street, Liverpool. Official Guide, post free 3d. DUBLIN, ALSO ENGLISH y TEDCASTLE LINE. 5.9. " BLACKROCK," "CUMBRIA," " E137.ANA.." and " ADELA," from SOUTH Side, NELSON DOCK, Liverpool, Every Tuesday. Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, to DUBLIN. lieturß Saloon, 106.; Steerage, ss. with Cheap Excursion Tickets EVEHY bAILING DAY, to Bray. akicklow, Avoca, Ac., and on Fridays and Saturdays to Killarney, Cork, Bundoran, 103arrenpoint, Ac. 10e. Return Saloon to Dublin, or us. including admission to Irish International Exhibition. a'Fast 8.9. BLACKROCK" every Tuesday and Friday from Liverpool, and every Monday and Wednesiay from Dublin. SPECIAL ROUND SEA TRIP, per "Cumbria," Every Saturday. to Whitehaven, giving 3 days for English Lakes, thence to Dublin. and back Liverpool (6 days, or within 2 months). Saloon. 2-a. Apply 'CEDOaSTLE, MoCORMICK .Itc CO., LTD., Liver- pool. Telegrams, " Tedeastie." Telephona 975. CITY OF DUBLIN STEAM PACKET COMPANY. -- IRISH INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION, DUBLIN, MAY TO OCTOBER. LIVERPOOL AND DUBLIN (WREK FAST STEAMERS EACH MORNING AND EVENING. Cheap Tickets (Dauble Journey, Saloon 13s. 6d.; Deck 55.) issued every Week-day for Day Steamers. Cheap Tickets (Dandle Journey, Saloon 151. ; Deck Es. 6d.) issued Friday and Saturdays for Day or Night Steamers. Cheap Bookings also t.) Killarney. Connemara, etc., etc. Tickets, hours of sailing, eta.. may be had at the Com- pany's Office, 13, Water St., Liverpool, or any of Messrs. Thos. Cook and Sons, Offices.

V ARRINGTON INFIRMR AY EX TENSION SUBSCRIPTIONS TO DATE. E s. d. Employees of Messrs. the Wbitenoss Co. Ltd. (second contribution) Messrs. A. We log and Co.. Ltd lO 10 0 Mr. Joseph Bennett Tbelwall Bible Class Amount previous y acknowkdged £12,227 4 7 £12,282 16 7 W. PRTIIR RYLA.NDS, Chairmen of the Extension Committee. GEORGE uAKIN, Hon. Treasurer.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUSANDS UK LADIES MAVIS DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FITMALR 13114tb, . HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON °MANKIND They are the beet known Remedy for Anrerola Giddiness, Fulness and Swellinsc after Meals, Loss of Appetite,Hystela,Pilpltatton of the Heart. Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, aril all Female Ailments. Boxes 90.. Is. lid.. 21. 9d.48. 6d. and 115. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS / PILE AND CONSTIPATION CURE. A positive Specitla for Piles and Constipation. and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- plaint. Bottles 2/9, 4/6. 11/-, by post 3d. extra. 3C9 PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON, W. ((Mil? cicirome I.

J. & W. DUTTON. EN? OF SEASON

Great 3argains now being offered. FURTHER EEDUCTION UPON ALL SEASON'S GOODS TO MAKE ROOM FOR NEW STOCK. 16, 18 & 20, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

W. fIeDGKINSON LIMITED. GREAT SUMMER SALE Summer Millinery, Costumes, Washing Frocksy Sunshades, etc., at very low prices to clear. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

FOR REALLY GOOD TAILORING, WHETHER LADIES OR GENTLEMEN'S, GO TO H. S. PAGE & CO., 74, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. WE STUDY YOUR WANTS AND LAY OURSELVES OM TO SUPPLY THEM

ORDER NOW, STYLISI-I SUITS VOIZ SUMEIVIIE EI , GRAIK, 36, BUTTERM4FAFILTUREET,

-- ESTABLISHED 18.38. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding end Birthday Present., School Prises, Am. Terms Moderate. REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYER OF PICTURES BY WATTS. EOSSEVTI. and BURNE-JONES. AUTOTYPE EHPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL. TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

MISSES WOODS; 107 RYLANDS STREET, Warrington. SUMMER eLEPIRANeE SALE Commencing TUESDAY NEXT, JULY 16TH.

cricuaiiiv BARGAIN S. Owing to the , cold and wet season we have an unusually large stock of CHILDREN'S MWCINERY, STRAW HATS, PELISSES, WALKING COATS, SAILOR DRESSES, BLOUSES, FROCKS, &c. LADIES' corroN, MOREEN AND MOIRETTE SKIRTS, HOSIERY, BLOUSES, CORSETS, &c., which we have marked at greatly reduced prices. CORSETS to suit all figures. Odd makes and sizes sold regardless of cost. Cash discount of 1 57s off all ordinary stock during the Sale. •

STOCK-TAKING SALE July otouAug.E • 3, Genuine Reductions in Prices, FOR CASH or on EASY HIRE TERMS. PIONEER FURNISHING STORES, Bold Street, Liverpool. CATALOGUE AND TERMS FREE.

Telephone 197. J. I Greenhaigh & CO m Ltd. isrunDGE STREET, wArtiziNceroisr.

TO PVOPERTY OWNERS AND OTHERS. INT ILLIAM HARTILL, PAINTER. PAPERHANGER & DECORATOR, 177, LONGFORD STREET, (OFF ORFORD LANE), WARRINGTON. REASONABLE CHARGES. DISTANCE NO OBJECT.

EVANS & SON. AUCIIONRKRS, VALUERS & FSTATS AGENTS, 14, CROSS STREET, MAR- C/JEST/M.—Auctions of every description conducted In town and country. Valuations made for Probate, Mortgage and Business Purposes. Land developed; finances arranged. Property bought and sold. List of sound investments in Property ro.nt free on aplication. Mortgages arranged from £3OO to £30.000 on freehold or long leasehold property. Rents collected and estates managed. References to Bankers, Solicitors and Clients. Terms sent oa application. Chrrespondence invited. Tel. 6085.

tiMOKR SIIDLOWS "OLD BOY'd " TOBACCO, COOL AND LASTING. SD. PER OUNCE Is. 7D. PR I LB. TIN; 6s. PER LB. T. LAIDLOW & Co., WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGIR MERCHANTS. 15, WIN WICK ST„ & 63, BUTFERSIA.RKET ST. TELEPHONE 41:Y. WARRINGTON.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST /WEE OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCER AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTRUS 5D., lOD., AND is. SD., EACH WHOL EtiLll). BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD;, WARRINGTON. EMT h MAAR EL 1833.

cLuthiNG, &c., BoUGH.T.—BEZT PRICE for parcels forwarded; if not approved Goods Returned, CARRIAGBPAID. Second-hand DHEsS SUITS, MILITARY, THEATRICAL. BAND UNIFORMS, LIVERIES, ARMY TENTS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MiSPiT SUITS at THIRD COST PRICE. LADIES' BVIININO DRESSES, COSTUMES, BLOUSES, GENT'S FUR-LINEO and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTEAUS, &c., 2nO-hand. Very low prices. ARMY IROUSERS,SHIRTS.BLUCHER4.WELLING CONS. CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLICE (APES, GORMAN'S. 326, 328, and 340, Deansfrate, Manchester- Establithad 50 Years. Telephone N'. 4135.

ESIABLIBHED 1876. FAMCITS IR & I 1907 CYCLE. FROM X 6 TO £l5/15/-. CYCLISTS INSPECT THE I R•pp E. & P. SPEED MODEL For Glizhest-class Workmanship, Quality. Ind Finish, se,. the .R,Ezp 'it &P' 1907 M —ODELS. CATALOGUES FREE, R, B,p, ROBINSON & PRICE, DEPOT —39, WHIrECHAPEL Works & I 43, PEMBROKE PLACE, IR &pi Garaage f LIVERPOOL. 2162 Central. Telephone Nos. t f 2682 RoTal. REPAIR3.—AII makes Renovated, Plated and Huamelle d in our famous 'lt and P' Finish. Two and Three Spee d Gears Fitted. cOBgRT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Mace. and Salerooms No, I, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON, TICLEPRONE, No. 55. CAM ADVANCED ON Gool3B DRPOESITICD FOR SAL.. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods constantly on Sale tn- Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture. &e.. warehoused.

PIERPOINT AND Co., PRIZE MEDAL BAKERY, 125, BP.IDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. BEST HOUSEHOLD BREAD. SPECIAL VALUE In FLOOR. cirmr-nArquaa FLOM+ HARD TO BEAT.

THE PRETTIEST PL 'NT on Earth, the Amincan Puebla; always in full bloom, in flower ten months out cf twelve : quite hardy ; two le. 6c1., four 28. 64.. 'post free.— T. I. MADDFN, Ballvmurry, Roscommon, Ireland.

MANURES SIANURES. JAMES TOOLE & ONS, LTD., MANURE MANUFACTURE 4.5, LONGFORD WORKS. WARRINGTON. 'Telegrams—T(l°LE, LONGFORD WORKS WARRINGTON. Telephone. No. 299. BLOOD AND BONE mAranut Is the most valuable known, and one of ths best Fertilizers on the market. SPRCIAL CONORNIRATED ORGANIC MANURE. Analysis—AMMONlA 1 to 5 por cenf. PROEPRAT,4 lB to 20 ter cent. Prlce £5 per tori (Free on'llails Warrington). SPECIAL COMPOUND MANURE. Analysis—Amsmatta... to 3 per cent. PHOSPHATES 5 to 8 per cent. Price £3 per ton (Free on Rails Warrinzton Special Discount for Cash and Large Quantities.

DATES' AS and OIL ENGINES, successfully l'ablblted L) at all important shows ; hundreds in use ; quick delivery ; all sizes ; speciality Suction Gas Engin-a and Gas Plants.—W. J. BiTE3 & 00. (Lin.), Denton, Manchester. Tel. 50 Dentrin. - T 13 WoRTH YOUR WHtLE to BUY YOUR LUBEII- -1 CANTS ntßßor. 119LIANCH HIGH-CLASS NON- (It/EROSIVE largest vale in the world. PrIGINft OIL, 1113— CYLINIThtt OIL. 111,1. MACHINERY on, 1113., SPINDLE OIL. £1 1., GAS ROCA NE OIL, Is. 61., DYNAMO OIL. 11 E. per gallon • in barrels, free and csrriage RELIANCE LUBRICA'TING OIL COMPANY. 19 and 20, Water lane, Great Tower sr., Lonilon. WC. Also 9, Great Clyde st., Glasgow ; I,Sanihill.Quayside.Newcastle-on-Tynes, PATENT OF FIC 11 MANCHESTER. 144T/..BLlfilliCtO IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES A SON have ha., more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with thia Establish. ment.andpossess practioalknowleduie of the cotton,woollin and Iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price fid, " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price is. 9140EG14 DAVIES, 0.14., & SOS, M.S.A 4, ST. ANN 9 SQUARE. IffANCIIRSTPR

T. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod) Li Grierson and Cot, Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest &ssortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. in addition have purchase 4 all Wheel. Pulley and Tooth Block Patterns &c., teloogtng to the late Henry Wren and Co.. London-road iron Works, Manchester, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and all kinds of Engineering Worg promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and Pulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manchestert TelegraPhict address: " Ortwerod finerson. Manchester."

Direct from the Tea Garden to the Teapot. LI 3.Ttr, TEAS. LARGEST 5-piL';._: IN TmE WORLD.

presently she heard him pull up and sIIN hall dismount and examine his horse's shoes. "What is the matter, Brown ? " she called back. I "Cast a shoe, miss," he said. "Must a-done it getting over the rail." She stopped and hesitated. Lord Lynborough disliked her riding without a groom; but the ii)prnine was so fine, and she wanted a gallop so badly, that she was disinclined to go back. "You may go home," she said. "Tell his lordship, if you see him, that I shall not go far." The man touched his hat and led his horse seday, and Veronica, rather pleased to be alone, ride on. She left the park presently by one of the lodge gates, and, calming the mare into a trot, went down the high rc.ad towards Halsesaa the market town. Lynne Court is in the centre of the part ot Devonshire which has not yet been blessed—or cursed—by a railway. The nearest station is ten miles distant, and, in consequence, all the district is remote, and, if not melancholy, slow. It is a beautiful country,and as varied as beautiful. At one mile one may easily imagine oneself in the loveliest part of Surrey, at the next the wide- stretching moorland is absurdly Scottish, and but a mile or two further it is possible to come upon a valley which is Switzerland on a small saale. Veronica had grown to love every inch of it. And now she was going to be mistress of a part of it; for the dower house and estate of Wayne- ford were but fifteen miles from Lynne Court. "To-morrow go over and look at it," she said to herself. "How sordid and selfish that sounds. 'Riches corrupt most minds.' I remember that copy-book heading. Am I already corrupted, I wonder?, Am I different to the girl who stood not so very long ago before the great Earl, shaking with nervousness and yet quivering with the proud determination not to shew it ? " She looked backwards to the eventful morning of her arrival at the Court, and saw herself as she was then, thin and pale, in her poor, cheap, plain black dress, and then recalled the face and figure which the pier-glass had reflected this morning as Goodwin put on the costly, perfectly- fitting habit. I "Yes, lam different," she thought. "How could I help being so ? " After awhile she left the road and struck across the moor, and giving her mare its head, raced over the short, springy heather. Suddenly she I saw two small objects moving in front of her. At first she thought they were rabbits, then she saw that they were a fox-terrier and a puppy. Mamma was sitting on her haunches proudly watching the antics of her offspring, and when she heard the mare she looked up and gave a short yap of warning to the puppy. "All right, doggie " said Veronica, smiling; • and she was drawing the mare out of the way when the horse startdd and shied at something on the off side, and was nearly upon the puppy. The neat moment a man rose from where he had I been lying, and with a movement of amazing rapidity rushed under the horse's legs, as it seemed to Veronica, and caught the wee mite up out of its peril. llt was so neatly, so audaciously, done, that Veronica's breath came sharply, and the colour rose to her face. "Oh, thank you," she said, quickly. "Is it hurt ? " "Not in the least," he said. "Down, old girl !" to the mother, who leaped up at her puppy, yapping imploringly and anxiously. "I am glad, ' said Veronica. "I was afraid I had ridden over it. Indeed, I should have done so if you had not snatched it up in time. Let me have it, please." ' He handed her the soft little mite, and, of course, she pressed it to her cheek ; then she gave it back to him. "It was my fault," he Laid, holding the puppy , to him and cosseting it, evidently with the approval of the mother, who had thrown herself I down at his feet and was gazing up at puppy and I man with complacent pride. 'I was asleep on the heather, and your horse shied At me. I'm sorry, and hope you'dl forgive me." Veronica inclined her head. She was trying to keep her surprise from revealing itself in her too I expressive eyes, for though the ,man's voice, ' tone, and bearing were those of a 6ntleman, he was dressed like a labouring man—a gamekeeper, was her first thought. He was strikingly good- looking, with short, etasp brown hair, and lashes ! almost too long for a man. But they were the only touch of femininity about him, for the rest Of the face was masculine enough' and his form was eloquent of strength and the ease that aponmnanies it. "Well, tnere Is no harm done," sheesaid. "I suppose the doggie and its bairn belong to the cottage over there." "Very probably," he said. over and see." Heiraised his hat—she noticed that_ he raised it insrktd of touching it—and was moving away with the puppy still in his hand, when he hesitated and said: "I beg your pardon, but can you tell me the way to Lynne Court ? " "Yes," replied Veronica. "If you follow the road, that way "—she pointed with her whip— "you will come to the South lodge. I have just come from the Court." "Perhaps you'd know, then— Oh, but of course you wouldn't—it's absurd of me," he broke off with a smile—; smile' which lit up a I Incidents in the careers of well-known people are of face that had vaguely struck Veronica as rather special interest to the public ; recognising this a representative waited upon Miss Amy Corallie at the a sad one. "What is it that I might know ? " she asked, of iheatre, Birmingham, to gather some details smiling unconsciously, for there was something I Miss Corallie—in private life Mrs. Finlay—is twenty- magnetic in the light that had beamed in his four, and has been before the footlights since childhood. eyes, and the flash of the white teeth under the "Yes, I can spare a few minutes," she said ; " time tawny moustache. enough to tell of the good 'derived from Dr. Williams' "Oh, I 'poke on the spur of the moment; it Pink Pills for Pale People. was absurd, as I said, but I was going to ask "I have had the honour of appearing before Royalty, you if you knew whether they wanted a game. and the late .1. L. Toole often complirnentei me upon keeper at the Court. Of course you don't I" my stage work; yet for a long time I was acting under a po,!ioitivne persecution. _Sharp pains in my back dragged "No, I don't," admitted Veronica, rather proud oamneatltimvee:wtthwsecnatrc;flay tehneouthoeiatsrtere eetliintg of her guess at his calling, "but they would tell me eore dead than you at the headkeeper's lodge. Don't go in drag one leg after the other. My blood- felt chilled; ; the direction I pointed out, but strike acroas rheumatic pains flew all over me, and my limbs became the moor until you come to a small wooden gate. almost useless. The keeper's house is in a clearing just beyond "'struggled against these ailments, but it was of little it." He looked across 1h) moor uncertainly, and use. My face grew palid, and I felt entirely worn out she added: "if you'll come with me a little way j yet all night long I scarcely closed my eyes in sleep. I I'll point it out" I lost all vitality, and felt depressed and weary, while "Thank you," he said, respectfully enough, my.memory.failed. Food upset me, and I always had a I month. r d but again without the servant's touch of his bat' I tastena2Vien snm y o the change in me, for at the least and as he walked beside the mare he eyed it with I exertion I gasped for breath, and my heart throbbed. open criticism and approval. Often I have returned to the dressing-room fainting and "You are a stranger ? " said Veronica. exhausted. Every noise got on my nerves, and made "Quite," he replied. "I was never here until me tremble from head to foot.• this morning. I walked over from Halsery, I "I took so many medicines that my digestion was where I heard that I might perhaps get a berth ' quite upset. Then fortunately I accepted tha advice of at Lynne Court." i a friend, and tried Dr. I,Villiatus' Pink Pills. Relief There seemed to be no more to say, and the followed, and so I continued with these pills. Then I pair went in silemee across the heather to the ; improved rapidly, and soon could enjoy meals without road. Suddenly he glanced at his right hand, bexiffy tormented goowby I hed and, a healthy colour down which a small stream of blood was running returned. I felt was ure onroeener , getsc in every way. My slowly. memory was clear. I WAS quite a new woman in a few He whipped it behind him and, wiping it , weeks after taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, never really stealthily, kept it hidden. ' I tired, [dossed with a healthy appetite, and able to sleep "That is your path," said Veronica, pointing well at sight. In my opinion Dr. Williams' Pink Pills with her whip; "you cannot fail to see the gate." build up the brain as well as the body,blood and nerves." ""Tannicyou very much," he said. I'll just I When the blood becomes thin and weak the system take lb.- •hgi over to the cottage. Thank you. rapidly breaks dewn. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale Go( d-rao ni..g."j People make Good, Rich Blood and feed the starved H allied his hat again, and was going on, peryes.ThAlteirls-I;etT eccutrse. d Indigestion,An i General Eczema, when the Lynne carriage came round the bend ofInfluenza's matism Sciatica. St. Vitus' Atlee, Nervous Dicorders the road, and Lord Lynborough called to tho Paralysist d Ladies' t Sold b II d 9 ; an z i men s.n ea ers,but coachman to pull up. ' insist on having the genuine pills, for substitutes never "Veronica ? " he said, interrogatively, as ha cure. If in doubt send to the British Depot, Aliolborn- looked from her to the young man. I viaduct, London; 2s. 9d. for one box, or 13s. 9d. for six, Veronica rode up close to the carriage, and, post free. bonding' down so that she could speak in a low Glee, said: "This man—l nearly rode over the puppy—he 'PIANOS & ORGANS Fayed it—quite wonderfully—he was right under Sally's feet! He is inquiring for the Court; avants a situation as gamekeeper—it was an awfully plucky thing of him, really!" All the Best Makers. The Eael glanced with his weary, half-closed oyes at the young man. 'All which means that you want me to reward LOWEST TERMS FOR CASH. him; but perhaps you have already done so. GENEROUS TERMS FOR EASY PAYMENTS. ? " OLD INSTRUMENTS TAKEN IN EXCHANGE. Before she could interpose he had taken a sovereign from his pocket and had beckoned to the man. "Here is something for you," he said. „ RICHMOND JONES & SONS, The young fellow had come up close to the searriage, but as he caught the glint of the coin he drew back, his tanned face became the colour 11 & 13 BERRY STREET of briekclust, and he said hotly: 91S "What do you mean ? " Then, as if ashamed Top of Bold Street, of his outburst, he bit his lip and smiled grimly. "I beg your pardon, but—but I don't understand why you should offer me money, sir." LIVERPOOL. At the closer sight of his face and the sound of his voice, his lordship started slightly and WRITE ort CALL FOP. ILLUSTRATED leant forward, his cold eyes flashing keenly for a, CATALOGUE. moment: the next he dronned hack, and, regard- lag him listlesily, put the sovereign back into his own pocket. "Drive on, Mathews," he said, impassively. • , Veronica, her face almost as red as the young man's, held up her whip. "One moment, Lord , Lynborough," she said, in a low voice. "Does, !--eloss he unite deserve this ? "

HOR LICK'S MEANS MALTED MILK, AND MALTED MILK IS THE BEST FOOD FOR ALL AGES. REQUIRES NO COOKING Samples, 34, Farringdon Road, London, E.C.

'T LADIES u-SUdN, WINDS; CHANGEABLE WEATHERR will play havcc with your SKIN AND COMPLEXION. 66 99 ... Af BEETHAM'S Bre •'' A . A - , • Cll7-...7 . - , ~,' • ':r i r . Is. Yowever, a Sure Safeguard against their ill effects A little used after washing will 1 =EP THE SKIN SOFT and SMOOTH iiIALL THE YEAR ROUND. Rottlec. 1,.. 2_,. (Li., of all Chemists a ',I Stores. 4 I. HEETHAM .34 SON, Cheltenham ID I

VartnerObtu titscfneo4ts.

liliOctilancous, nealt, ette

PDEMONS PURCLIA.SIIsIa RUSINg6SE:II can be accommodated with Capital at MAURICE AND Co., 31, Cairo at.. Warrington.

TIO YOU WART TO SELL your Business ?—lf soxonsult Mr. CowDELL, Business Agent. Legh st., Warrington. rIONFECTIONERY and CA.TERING BUSINESS for Lisposal ; main street; well estAblisbed (and capable of further development) ; a sue thing tor the right people ; ingoing £4O; stock at value.—To treat, apply T. COwDELL, Business Agent, 31. Legh et.. Warringten. WANTBD.—AppIy T. CoWDELL, 31, Legh it., Warrington. START MAIL ORDHE BU4INES3.—I will send you ntrticulars for starting twelve businesses with capital for £3. Sple,•did ideas. Nothing quack. Sent on receipt of P.O. I.l.—CRotroi 126 Barking rd.. London, E.

JOIN ad,OWN, 34, SOUTH. JOHN 6T LIVERPOOL. TEL. 179 Y CENTRAL, HAS A VARIETY OF BLISITESSIN ON HA.ND TO SUIT ALL CLASSES OF BUYERS.

A PROFITABLII Investment witriout risk. any one with fj capital from £1 upwards.—Write for p‘rtioulirs.— JAMES. 30. Diatom se., Kennington. Lon4on.

TRlAL.—Spiendiri hook. astounding facts. now JL ready. 7fd --(lnawionn. 27 Market, Booth Shields. A PPARRL, Left-off; beat pricee.—Sead C. Davis. 92 11. Stratford rd.. Birmingham. Established 40 years.

E37OREADY TO RE AD VA NCED on Property Security on payment of £55. and £lOO on pay- ment of £23. SpTendid opportunity of acquiring property. Genuine.-13. W. 1-fopoloasow.New VI( hittington.Oheaterfield.

Li HARM WANTRD.—Adyertiser is prepared to buy a few 0 SMARMS in some Company carrying on business within 40 miles of Warrington. State lowest for prompt cash. Reply sent to all letters. Write " INVRESTOR " C/O Par. C. W OMER, Builder, 133. Cell rd.. Upton Manor, Bseet.

rro CAPITAL! T 4.— CAPITALISTS WANTED, to form 1 ft LIMITFD COMPANY. with £lO,OlO. to take over and extend a JAM AND MARMALADE FACTORY (Fruit- Preservers) in Germany, SITUATED in the best fruit district 0141 THE RHINE ; well-known and cspablv managed; FXCELLENT PROSPECTS ; best references.—For full parti- culars apnly by letter to A. HOWARD 't 00., Flannel's! Brokers, 35 DERONDA RD., HERNE HILL. LONDON, 8.11

BHST PRIOB FO?t OLD FURNITURB, Antlques,Pletures and Vlolins.—Address J. 8., 2, Edison rd., Patricroft. (No dealers). •

BARGAINS Toothpowder., Photographic Materials, Ac. Write for prices. Agents wanted.--111m.en, Victoria Square, Reading.

MD CAPITALISTS. —FOR SALE, 500 SHARES in ing PRTROLEiI MINI NG COMP INy in well-known petroleum Marie TN GERMANY, called the GERMAN PENNSYLVANIA ' ; PRICE £ll net per fully pad share. A WOND4RFUL BARGAIN which will prove an BXO /C LENT and and GENUINE INVESTMENT. Beet prospects according to renort by well-known mining expert. No risk whatever! Offer will not be repeatel.—For full particulars apply by letter to A. HOWARD & CO., Financial Brokers, 35 DEROTTDA HERNE HILL, LONDON. S.E.

QILK BLOUSES, b.autifullY dry ol.anecl for Is. careage pald in 2 &pI.—VICTORIA STEAM DYE WORKS, Scarborough.

LIMBILICK,.-6 clever last linesient for env competition. Large selection, P.O. 2s.—PftizEwmotn, 15 Marchmont It., London, W.C.

DIRIE AND PROVISIONS MARKRT.—Position. tiled, and marble flttingi.—Price and particulars. 7,TERRACE RD., London.

FUNTAIN PEN, Spiral fee!; 14-carat Eloll film O medium or broad; 7s. 6d. pea for 38. 6d.—DALE, 17, Marlboronah rd., Ipswich.

rr HR MATRIMONIAL BURRAU. established to act as a bcna-fide introductory melium for all desiring Matri- monial alliance. Write W. BEHICRLY 12, Theobalds rd, London, W.C.

500 n HANDBILLeI. 5 in. a7i in. for 7s. AnV I I Printing Cheap. Agents wanted.—JoHasoN, Bapress Works, Northampton.

MATRIMONTAL TIMIS." the best and quickest intro ductory medium for all desiring a mat rimonia alliance; price 6d.. in sealed envelope —Address BDITOR Robert Radto-d, 5. Featherstone Buildings. Holborn. W.

VLASTIO STUCKING9 2s. 6d., Lemmings 2e. Zd., Knee- l!' caps 2s. each; measurement form free. —NEw BIIITISH RIIBBIR CO., Lord et., Southport.

ROOltliiii Buying by post saves 20 per cent. Our List If shows in plain figures. Send for one. free.—BAYBOULD, Warrntouar, LIMITED, Dudley.

F'L CORN. 7e. , 10e. 6d., 12..6d. 21015 e. ; Food. 7s. ad. and Fonitry Meal. Bs. and 10e. per 2001 be— . AND CO . 15. Gorso nierms. Liverpool. Mention paper.

DIITTING ; its Bvils and Gochile.—Senel stamped envelve for something that will open your eyes.—MACKLEY, 39, Best Avenue, East Ham. Essex. URBNCH NOVHLS, Fecondthand Bargains, b3st Authors I fr. 3.50 offsred at is. etc. Cat%logues Bookseller 35, South Castle it., Liverpool.

QRVERAL pure BUFF ORPINGTON COCKS, Cock's LT strain, 15 months old. Also pure Buff Orpington Chicks from one week old upwards. reared ou grass. W4LTER PRATT, Caton, Lanoastor.

IFIORKBY IF4GGS (magnificent Amalgam Mammoth Bronze) J. I can now supply, 71. 6d. doz. ; unfertiles replaced safe delivery guaranteel.—Mrs. HARRIS-WALT= St. Oswald's rd.. West Brompton. No cards.

MILASTIO STOCKINGS. 21. 6d.; Knee-Caps. 2e, finepen- VJ eery Bandages, is. each from Manufacturer—W. H. ?demonic, Alfred it, South, Nottingham.

DAZ AAR GOOD 9 (Special), Id. and 60.—Greatest variety and value In the trade.—SaLmna & rdsTraEwmix, Ltd• Plough Buildings, Gloucester at., Birmingham.

T- IGHT Canoe Landaus (3), all in good order ; LEA, STEER & CO. A -WHEEL Dogcart, brake, rubber tyres, snit eib ; cheap.— LEA, STEER & CO. QQU ARR Gigs (2), to be Sold cheap to clear.—LEA, STEER & Co. Tel. 2114 Royal. ri_OVRRNRSS Carts (2), in capital order,—LEA, STEER & Co. 168, London rd., Liverpool. WAGGORRTTRS (3), to carry 6,8, 12; cheap. —LE a., STEER & Co., Liverpool. DOUBLE Victoria to be sold, a great bargain (new).— LEA. STEER & CO. I3USES (2), very compact, to carry 12; great bargains.— .11-P %TERR & Co.. 166, London rd.. Liverpool.

Cl L &SS GULLET, Broken Pale Green Bottle Glass, Plate VT and Sheet Glass Wanted.—BXCHLSIOR GLASS Woarcs, Withington at., Broad at,, Pendleton, Manchester. D !WORM PAMPHLBT.-27 pages. Red cloth cover 4i. It paper cover 30., including postaira.—Anplv to Mr. limmur WOOD, Bookseller, 7, Bladud Buildings, Bath.

111DICTURR POSTCARDS AND ALBUMS PRIM— ' Beautifully coloured views, Loudon 3). Is.. with parti- culars great free offer.—M.A.C.. Joubert it.. Battersea.

CIOLLARS.—Buy direct and saw+ money. Any size or kJ shape 2s. 63. half doz., 4s. 63 doz. post free.—CosYEß'S COLLAR CO., 12 Springfield rd., Harrow, Middlasses.

I,IIBNNY BAZAalii GOODS—SPROIAL. .Shopkeepers who wish to greatly Increase their business, should write for particulars to FORD, Bnckwell lane. Plymouth.

]?OR BALB. New FLOAT; will snit farmer or dairyman. 1: —Apply Joint FLETCHER, Wheelwright, Mon Green, Inc.. near Metter.

P&LMISTRY by Post.—Character reading; send impression of your own or Bweetbeart's hand and Is id. to MADAME iiisusvEß.l6. Allestree rd.. Fulb2ra. London.

eIYOLT3 AfJOHSFORII39 tt nnet price. Write far large ilinetrited Het fre..—FLY WHEEL CYCLE Woßx., Sadler et. Wells. Somerret

RUIPIHR-TYRRD Vietorins. Landaus, Brougheme, Brakes, Waggonettes, Rolle! GGverneeees, on terms to snit buyers Oarriscpas exchftneed.—T,Trwrmn'B. ekvlesburv.

LADIES DRESS black.greY• S. 4 D.All Ozer. Must be elearwel. Genuine bsrsrain. Free gift all purehasers.—Awrnmwe. 7 Ysrdley St., Sheffield.

HP. DM DlOl CAR, 3-3 eater, excellent condltlon 1J £77 Yr. ineluding spares.—We bare also several other (7xxs, all in gocd condition. Prompt Repairs a speciality.— WHipPLE & Co., Vauxhall Garage, Liverpool. Tel. 6129.

DID DEBTS REDUCIED by using the Jwiso Statement Regi.tec. price 6.. Si., po.tagf. 6d. extra ; gamole If poet free, from ToLLIT & HARVEY, 79a Gresham et., London. CA.MPING-OUT TRNT. 4ft. 6in. high. Bft. wide, 6ft. long Waterproof. Quite new. Made for Government. Corn- pletp,with poles,32s. 64.eneh—JAmcsori,20,800k1er.burv,11',(1.

EIVRRY CYCLIST should carry " The Regal " Cyclist's I'4 Accident Insurance £5O if killed. RI per week if injAred, compensation for damage t 3 cycle. Sto. Cost only Is. 6d. per year. Send P.O. The " REGAL " KEY AND PRoPtCRTY RFCOVI4:IIV Co.. !13 Grqnd Arcade. Leeds.

3000 RICH SILK UMBRELLAS. post free, 2i each. Fancy Handles, sticks or Tubes. Trade sunplied.—ANnaEws, London st., Greenwich, London.

10%7 e set ha ibei ,13t, engi fr)treme eOvve or 51 Thmi nagdgeo lona La invde rgpuoaorlabjeaend for 2 years ; complete with lamp, bell, pump, bag and tools ; don't mist this great bargain. NoamtNevroN, Cscle Stores, S. James' ?lace (three doors from Hill st., ivernuoi).

f 'WRAP PRINTING.-250 Billheads, 250 Memorandums, / 2f.0 Eusiness Cards, 250 Envelopes. 250 Poet Cards,all for 10e. 61. ; work guaranteed.— BRNEtT I,Ewito,Printer,Forwieb.

USTAB. Best Female Pills ' are sold in boxes, is. 29. 9d. ; extra 44. 6d. Useful and instrnetive booklet post free. HIMMES, Chemists. Nottingham.

3-SPBRDOOOVRNTRY CYOLR, Sturmey-Archer. magni- fieent machine. 2 Crehbe brakes. Clincher tyres, beauti- fully lined. mndguaris, nil accessnrias : as new ; not even eoild ; great bargain ; lowest £6 6s. ; approval willingly.— C. Mes,R, St. Madre, Pitman rd.. Weston-super-Mare.

TNORFC ASEI YOUR INCOMB BY TRADING.—Send for Willinm Cotton', ss. parcel of Jewelierv, Hosiery, Lace, liftberrlasherv. Overalls.—WEEKDAY CROSS, Nottingh&m. Rstabilshed 1848.

FRER—CYCLES. 6.500 guaranteed machines, new and second-hand, from 255. each ; and Eadies in stock : acceafories at half price : 10C-page llst free to all : wholesale prices : eye-opener. 53 p.c. cheaper than others : wonte wamtP(l.- WANTITLnw ANT, rl..

A. WONDKIiFiIL LINk i-50 Sheets good Notepaper with your address artistically printed and 50 envelopes for le. 24.. post paid.---From GINN'S STATIONERY STORES, Sixwaye. Birmingham.

y ADY'S tlAFESTY.—Bargain, as new, not soiled. Free / wheol silver-plated rims beautifully linel in gold ; rlm brake ; high grade Coventry machine; hest pneumatic tyres ; celluloid gear case ; all accessories ; £4 10s. lowest ; no use to owner ; genuine ; approval BrucKEY. " Oak Villa," ClAranelon rd., weston-stmar-Mare.

A STROLOGY.—}foroscope,Life;Hvents.(7banges,Fortunate L 1 Days. Business Success, Matrimony. Two years' futnre.—Send birth date, I.s. P. 0., Prof. GouLD, 27, Windsor rd.. Fewport, Mon.

BICYCLH.—Most marvellous bargain ever offered • Magni- ficent Gent's high-grade Coventry Cycle, absolutely RS new ; ball bearings, free wheel. rim br.ke silver-plated rims, pneumatic tyre., net soilei, beautifully enamelled. lined and plated, mud guards ar,d all ace ssories. Cash urgently wanted, £3 10s , worth double ; must be sold at once. Approval before cash sent.—T. TIMM iND. 9. Waterloo- at,, Weston-super-Mare.

RithAlti OF INTRUNST.—If you are a holder of PI DRBENTWIRS in a Limited Liability Company, upon which interest is overrlu., you should consult the CONTRACT AND FINANCE Co., 35 Craven at., London, W.C.

100 BILLHHADS, Memos. Business or Visiting Cards, 1.. 3d., post free : 50 sheets of Notepaper with your address printed on each sheet, and 50 envelopes for ls. 3d., post free.—DALLts & Co.. 39, Park st., Cambridge

ClYOLE.—Marvellous sacrifice ; Gent's new 1907 machine, V,' highest grade. Clincher tyres, Crabbe roller lever front and back rim brakea ; very latest ; Pwry's ball- bearine free-wheel ; plated rims ; coloured centres ; black enamelled and lined frame; mud-guards ; magnificent machine ; not soiled : complete, with gas lamp,, hell, pomp, spanner, ac. ; £4 10s, ; erest bargain ; worth double. Send OM approval any distance before cash sent.--N. HOUSE. St. Madge, Pittnan rd., Weston-super-Mare.

ff INA GILT SECONDS Is. doz. Earthenware seconds from Bd. doz. Milne-, Tea, Toilet Ware, great variety. Chapel. Church Caterers supplied. l3adtred ware hotels. Echo°la. 100 doz. seconds sound articles £3 Safely packed Hawkers crates nearly 1,000 articles 38s. Ed. Cheapest in trade. Write for free lists.— ARTHUR J HULL, Normaoot Works, Longtoa. Staofs,

BO TROUBLE FOR IRELAND OR CYCLISTS WHO RIDE " WALTON " CYCLES. WE ARE ACTUAL MAKER, THEREFORE CAN SAVE YOU AGENTS' PnonTs. What is the use of a guarantee from makers hundreds of miles away? Buy a" WALTON," made on the spot, with a STAMPED GUARANTEE. WORKS :-GREAT SANKEY. SHOWROOM :—SANKEY (TRAM TERMINUS.)

AGENT FOR CHHAP WINDOW GLASS. Feet of Window Glass, small sizes out and 50,000 supplied at lid. per foot. Window Glass of all substances, colours and patterns. Plate-glass and Shoo Mirrors, Shades and Stands. The best house.—ADAMS, 212, North Hill at., Liverpool.

GOT RATS? F SO, USH SANFItRir:i POISONS. It ends the trouble 1 by destroying them. Rats, Mice, Moles, Ro.. like it, eat If, and perish Try the remedy, ynu will be delighted with the result. Price is. Bd. to 55, per box, of all Chemists, or SANFORD ct Sox, Sandy, Beds.

RUBBNIt GOODS and every description of Surgical and Domestic Appliances at half usual prices ; valuable information and illustrated list free ; four splendid samples Is., or ten assorted 2s. 6d. (worth 51).—W. B. DOREAN CO., Manufacturers, West Norwood. London. QUP ER FLUOUS HAIR and MOLElS.—Perfected Rice- trolysis (by Mr Parke's invention) supersedes all other systems in rapidity for permanent destruction. The only method which never disappoints. By appointment only Stamped envelope to Mr. ROBERT J. PARKES, 2, Church et., Southport.

TO BB SOLD.—Farnworth, ',ear Whines.—The ostensive 1_ Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery end 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with 'siding to the railway. 6ul,able for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J HOMING, 18, Fenwick street, Liverpool.

DOTS FROM THR POTTBRIIIS.—. Our Guinea Summer I Parcel." 35 Plates, 4 Meat Dishes, 2 Vegetable Dishes, 2 Gravy Boats. Blue Printed Design. Tea Set, China, 21 pieces ; blue. red, or green and gold. Flower Pot. large. Badger Ware for Churches, liestaurants.—THE TONSTALL POTTERY CO., Tunstall, Staffs.

A N BLHOTRIC BATH daily; cost is. 6d. per year ; LI Miller's up-t'-date apparatus enables anyone to have this refreshing anct invigorating bath in their own borne; can be fixed in awe bath-ro)fn ; invaluable to everyone ; don't, delay.—Price 17s 61. poet free horn actual maker, J. MILLEB, 12 Charter Gt., Gillingham, Kent. BAttery renewe ls. 6d. yearly.

LICZEMA Absolutely cured by XMORT ' it relieves 1..11 irritation in 10 mins, one jar cures ; unequalled. Carr. paid. is. 3d.—F. SMT, Ctemist. Norwich• ESTAB. 1851 —Hulme's ' Beat Female Pills ' are sold in boxer, le. 1d , 2s. 9,1 ; exi ra 4s. 6(1.. useful and nstruct,ve booklet post free.—HuLmas Chemist, Nottingham

DIiBTS outstanding. in town or country, promptly recovered on commigsion, no inquiry fees ; no com- mission charged upon unrecovered accounts ; trade bill; and debts purchased. advice on all legal rustlers. Write, enciosing stamp, for 1)0)f-recovery Prospectus.— SOUTH WE..4` LONDON TRADESMEN'S PROVIDENT bocIETY, L'rn.. 328 Baiham High rd, London.

TDAIN, bickness, and Disease abolished. All sufferers, chronic c4Beo.anl those given up by doctors. may hop., for complete restoration to health. —Address I. J. A., 62 Parliament-st., Morecambe.

QTERILB M klittlAGß : its Causes and Curative Treat- L.l ment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women. A new edition just published. Post free 3s. 9d., London.--Burtury k CO., LTD , 38, Greceoburob at.

421 SN D your Watch Repairs to Specialist,—LlEßoron, KY 0 lam. Established 1885. SOLID Silver Keyless Watch for P. 0.0. Ts. 85.; jewelled.— ARCH. 36, Trigon rd.. London. S.W.

eiREHTOWN, Kirkcudbrightshire. ELLANGOWAN k_) HOTEL. Excellent cuisine. Splendid rooms. Poet• log find Motor accommodation. Moderate terms.

(IROQUBT SBV3 from 15s. new and second traps, wagons kJ all kinds.—W. D. SMITH, Wolverhampton. ---- — TRH WIF HANDBOOK, price 81. ;in sealed envelope. —Licorich, 25 Aspinden rd.. Rothernithe. Lotrion.

DOUGLA.S.—Dodsworth's Borrding tionso,on the Queen's Promenade, facing sea; liberal table, good cooking pleasant company; terms 55 6:1 per day, no extras.—Po furthnr particulars apply IO WILLIAM W, DODSWORTH , Proprietor. DUBLIN Exhibition.—Super;or Board Residence: private family : beside Exhibition : 6+, per day, sa. for two sharing room.—Mrs. Doomx. 11, Pembroke rd.

LANDDONO. ORMUCLIFFE BOARDING ESTAB- -I—/ LIQHMENT. Promenadejteareation, Room for Dancing Etc., Billiards. Moderate.

IDIORTRUSH, Pelect BOARDING I-lOUSI4, Bellevue, 40 Bglinton Terrace, good sea view. Convenient to golf and station. Piano. Miss WRIGHT.

QUBENI3 HOTEL. LW FAIRFEOHAN.—Obarming Mountain and Sea Views from all windows ; croquet; bldiards ; posting; officially appointed by the A.0.G.8. and I.; excellent (misuse. Telephone No. 0199. Telegrams Queen's."—W. E. TARR, Proprie'or.

(2CANBOROUGH.—ST. CLARK'S BOARDING HODS% 13 Prince of Wales Terrßee, ne‘r Sea, Spa, and Etoir Links; moderate tariff.—Mrs. Cox, Proprietress.

SOARBOROUGH.— Glenfield,— Catholic BOARDING BOUM 34, Blenheim-terrace ; facing the sea; one minute from church. For terrna apply PROPRIETOR.

rpoRQUAY.--BRA LAWN. BOARDING RSCABLI4I4- 1 MIN! and private suites, on the sea front; spacious rooms. smoking-room.—Proprietress, Mrs. H. B. --Tictirinras. VISITORS to Dublin will find the NATIONAL FIOTIIL. V BLACIKHALL ST. (near Qleen at. Bridge) comfortable and moderate.—Appl Mrs. WkLDON.

13 1311153113131 t 01110900 I Mike own Worcester Sauce" It, pure Mfg. Recipe le.—Purmax, 93 Cardiff r 1., Ports- mouth.

WORMS in Dogs; " Keeper! " Pills; no starvatim. —Of Chemists. is. 6d. per box, or jpost free, 2, BUSH ST. W.. Southsea.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELFI LIMITBD. 34 TO 40 LIIDGATII HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUASH. HOME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

fiIIARAr3TER DFILINILI.THD from IIitrIDWRITIJC4, ls ki and stamped addressed envelode —SIGMA, )1, Cabbell rd., Cromer.

DIANO, quite new; splendid tone; maker's price 33 guineas. Will take 14 guineas. —B9, BZW9Er Err.. Warrington.

BORAX SALT for killing weals on garden walks, 2s. per cwt. —WARRINGTON BORATE CO., LTD., Stag Bridge, Warrington.

SUUTHPORT. MRS. CLARA, E. SLATER HAS OPENED No. 12, PROMENADE, SOUTHPORT. AS A COMFORTABLE BOARDING HOUSE, FOR INVALIDS AND VISITORS. CLOSE TO PIER AND PLACES OF INTEREST. Terms 6s. 6. per day.—Write to MARLGERESS for tariff.

PGUND VANILLA ICit fIRRAM ESSNNOB, celebr,ted manufactures; four shillings delivered. 183, PORTLAND ST.. Southport

A STROLOGY. reliable information. marriage. future; ft la. 61., birthciate, deleription.—Nr. W., 71, Penleya Grove at. York. wOODTURNING, every deeeription. Estimates for large or small orders.—PEßßY AND CO.. Burlington it.. Birmingham.

pEEBLES HOTEL HYDROPATHIC. UNDER MR, A. M. TRIEM'S PERSONAL MANAGEMENT. CONSTRUCTED FIREPROOF THROUGHOUT. EQUIPPED ON THE MOST MODERN LINES. EVERY HOME COMFORT. HIGH-CLASS CUISINE. PURR BRACING AIR; DELIGHTFUL GROUNDS ; GOLF. TENNIS, CROQUET AND BOWLING GREENE ; MOTOR GARAGE; MAGNIFICENT RECREATION WALL. Every form of Electricity. Massacre, Dabs, Diet, Gymnastics, ac. ALSO SUN. AIR AND HLac rut° LIGHT BATHS. Resident Medic:inn ecialist.

TioancßT PA.MPHLICT on English Porcelain. marks, 1. characteristics. etc. Price Is. I&—LUDLOW, The Avenue. Blackheath.

LARCH? Deemited ilb. Tins Finest Boot Polish made ls. post free.—BEATALL POLI9H CO., Southampton. Why pay 6d for loz. Tins?

INTIM AWAY.—Money Prizec—Send penny stamped T addrasee3 envelope for Particulars to PRATT & Co., Printers, Arcade, Boicombe.

-EIOR Wholesale Price List of 6CO articles. saitable for 30. 12 and 40. Bazars and Shopkeepers.—Apply SCAR% Bazaar Dept., Market. Leeds,

ADIRS AND GRNTLRMSN'i first class CAST OFF 1 J CLOTHING ON SA.LR. Business strictly private. Apply 28. Alsneos ST.. Warrington.

1.) ROORDS. favourite 10 inch sample ls. 2d. free. Six It for 6s. 6d., warranted new.—Address Wow), City Talk- ing Store, 33, Carrington et., Nottingham.

111DPOSTCAHDS.—Hymns with tunes, 2s. 7d. dozen, post 1 free. List and spPoimen three stamps.-4.auxpEaB, Hare at.. Ilinntingford. Please mention paper.

BWHOP'S Splendid Stoges ; t3oldiers Career, Last Duel. Boxing. Foils Mistake, Camel Kick, Patriotic Lady. Gymnast; 41. Pre.-83, ALGER.), RD., Lewisham.

DICAOTWAL Pavchometery. —Advice given on business. 1 marriage, health, from Lhototograph or handwriting.— Enclose with is. to ABYERIA, 58, New Bond at.. London.

50 IVORY VISITING CARDS. 9 stamps. Memos Invoices, Business Cards 100 I. 6d. Wedding °snit?, Cake boxes.—Micsnmecx, 66, Junction rd., Sheffield

TO FARA:II4I3S and Manure hianufacturere.—Shocldy Dirt 1 on Sale cbeap ; price 88. f)r waggon load of 4 t cash with order.—Apply JAMES LEEB,WiIIOW Et. Milf,Oldtam.

I p 13AVY Rolled-gold Bangle and Padlool, plush case; cost 10s. ; take ss. 6d ; Thter.-row Pesrl Necklace, set twenty-seven cryetals, 28.—C0-DPERITIVE Co., 36, Acton lane, W.

pOLICH PENSIONER (Inspector).- Private Inq itry officer going to Cansda and the ' States ' in Augusi. commissions executed. Strict privacy Terms mod—Box 4277, C/O SHABROW & THATCHRB, Holborn Piece, W.U.

25 PTltt CHNT. SAVHD.—Boots and Shoes in unlimited variety for everybody, supplied direct from factory to wearer from 76. 6. post free ; utmost satisfastion guaranteed; illustrated catalogue free —A1113117, Slapton, Towcester.

A MONOPOLY IN ICI OHICAg.—To 9btaln this try 11 the ntw Brit!sh Ice Cream powder, unsweetened, Vanilla throur, Egg colour, and smooth as velv,t, sample, 7lbs. tins ()F. 33 —A. H. SMITH, Confectioner, Prospe3t st.. a Ifreton.

rimni GRAND OLD MAN that was (Gladstone), one of lingland's noblest and greatest statesmen ; a Bold Medallion of him in massive relief in Antique Bronze ; splendid for hall or oorridor ; a pleasing and lasting memento for saJe ehesp.—flowimt. Mamie.

rilliNTS I TISNTS I—buitable for gardens, cricket, or 1. camping-out purposes; 40ft. in circumference ; pegs, inlet., mallet, awl lines complete (with tent bag included). I will send one camplete for 355. Pries list of marquees, any size, post free.—H. J. 43.4.950 K, Government Contractor. /lye.

(ANTARIO, the principal ProvinCe of Uanada, offers most VI favourable opportunities to strong young Men and others desirons of engaging in ?arm Work. Fem Pi le Domestics in great demand at high wages. For particulars apply ONTARTo GovERNMENT AGENCY 7. James et—Liverpool.

L OThOemltmiLlGe—ndFs i n7eBl nmerienenrgi s e ,91 nla wwni.l eo v.e rel on? tic% b ei ed kieo3r, trimming millinery ; White, Cream. Sky, Pink, Nil, Hello, la each, post free. (lent P. 0., not stamps). —NIoFFATE Naos, Warehousemen. 48a Briggate, Leeds.

WIRH NAILS (MIRO), 88. 6d. per cwt, 28Ibs, 2s, 3d.; Screwe, mixed, 28s. per cwt, ? Blbs 7s. 6d.; Wire, Cut, Wroncht, and Malleable NBlls, Ta,sks, Rivets, etc., etc., wholesale:prices.—MlDLAND NAIL Wonm, 25 to 28, Rea it., Brimingbam, C. W. HAYLICS, Proprietor.

rrmil Plitallllli and P P. Quires, 24/ x 17, 12s 6d ; 1 quires, 241 x 17. 6s 6d ; quires, 24/- x 17, 3s 61 ; packets, 61 x4i 8s Bd per doz.; 63 packets, 4 x 31, 45 6d per doz. Postage :—Quires 7d. 1 quires bd. quires 3d ; is. packets 21, 6 !wickets 13 —Address, THE MIDLAND PHOTO- GRAPHIC PAPER Co.. 12 Albion place, Northampton.

riALVANISLD CORHUGATKD SHIMTS, all warranted kX sound; 3ft., 91. ; 41t., Is. ; sft , ss. 3J. ; 61t. is. 6d. ; 7ft., is 93. ; Sit., 2s. ; 9ft., 2s. 53, ; 10ft., 2s. 83. Emet; ; ridging', 3d. per foot; spouting. 30. per foot. BARBIiD FENCING WIRE, in fowt. reels, 224 yards, 7s. per reel ; plain, galvanised wire, in lowt. bundles, Narioris gauges, 12r. per cwt. : wrought irm standards, Is. 31. etch.—BuTLEß, Bell Works. Wolverhampton. Established 1823.

1- ITA L L PAPuRS in large or small quantities at ridiculously low price. Splendid papers from all prices. 59 per cent. lower ttun anyone else. Book of this season's specials and price list givbn to the trade only. Carriage paid on all orders from EL—THE Trisks WALL PAPER Co.' Marriott's Court, spring Gtrclens, Manchester. Telephone 0683. Call and see our stock. A great variety to choose from including high-class papers.

PLATUSI, the new discovery, a plate cleaning power. gives a brilliant polish, and, at the same time, re-plates worn silver no matter how worn. Platum deposits a coating of pure silver at every cleaning and the plating effected lasts as long as the origin 4 results, absolutely guaranteed. Contains neither Acids or Mer,Arry ; is perfectly harmless. In boxes post free Is. Id. large size 2s. id. Send to-day and try on worn Spoons, Forks, Cruets, Bicycle Lamps, etc., and have them new again. NAIIOSIAL POLISH CO , Platum De pit. 19 Cannon 0.. Manchester.

t!ottses anti t anb on rate.

B,NIt LANDS.—Freehold land, workshops and buildings, nearly 100 yards frontage River Weaver ; also large handsaw, table. lathe (treble purchase) handcart and iron Crab.—Apply loltimeorr, Lock et., Northwich.

lADY leaving the District wjelles to SELL well-built paying PROPERTY ; Cottagea and small Villas ; in good and rising neighbourhood ; moderate price would he accepted for quick sale.—Apply Box, A.M., " Examiner' Office, Warrington. rjlo INVESTORS.—HquIty (148 substantially built well, 1. let weeklies. One lot or separately. Best situation round Manchester. Near cars and station, Gross rental £922 7s. Fri-a £2,3ol—Apply J. SPARROW, Roleston House, arvhest er

sourn FORT. Er AYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEoPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STRE ESTIMATES GIVEN, CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS BOON' ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

cipartinenteil furnignb floults,

BERYSTWITH.—BOARD or A PARTMBE TS.—Mrs. ti. HINCKESMAN, Tan-y-Graig, Trinity rd. A BERYSTWITH.—FURNISHED HOUSE for long or 11. short period; excellent position ; moderate terms.— Apply Mrs. HUMPIDGE, 12, Laura Place.

A INSDALB. near B)uthport.—Vhltors Accommodated Bedrooms. double or 'lngle belt. use of slttingroom 10e. weekly. Board 20s. inclusive. Nice garden. Well recommended. Oyclis!scaterPd for.—BRA HOU9E.

A NGLE6LRY. —Vacant from July 314, two sitting, three benrooms, four beds, pantry, scullery, close to sea, bathing, boating, fishing Stands in its own grounds. Plenty of liberty.—Mrs. J. GRIFFITHS. Bodow en, 4, Mile Bri, ge, Rhoscoiyn, Anglesey.

PARTMKNTS (Comfortable), three becirooms,one sitting- room—Apply Mrs. COCKSHOTT, Lowfield Farm, Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire.

APARTMISNTS TO Ma• pleasantly situated ; terms moderate; nO children ; 3 minutes walk from tram terminos.-7. ALFRRD Sr.. Stockton Heath.

BLA.CRPOOL.—Home from homm.—Mrs. BOOT FIROYD, 6. George et.; near aPa and amusements ; piano ; recom- utendel.

13LACKPOOL.—Homc1y APARINIHNT3. Piano. 2. per night two persons.—Mr. CURTIS. 7. Edward et., Talbnt •ii.

DLACKPOOL—PuhIic and urivate BOOMS. with or 1.) without board. —Mrs. KEMP, White House, 64 Central Beach (late 16).

T)LAUKP(Mt. El.g.—Comfortable APART NTRNTS (two 1) neralna 2,.), near station and 86%.—Mre. W. ROBINSON, 186, Lytham rd.

I)lACKPOOL—Suplrior APArtrriTriNTS, 2. two persons; ) board 4p.— Mrs. FLETCHER, 18, Kirby rd., near Man- chester Hotel.

LAOKP OL. —Comfortabie APARTM NTS. with or without board ; nfano ; eAntral to all amusetnente.— Miss ScATcHARn, 7 Winifred es., off Albert rd.

LACKPOOL.—Seft view; comfortable APARTMHNTS ; ) bed 7s. ; niano nneommolation for evellsts.—Mrs. JAMERON (from Boole.) 12 Yorkshire st., (close to Central Station).

BLACKPOOL. —93, ALBERT ROAD. Apartments, lb. each. TILACKPOOL.-93. ALBERT ROAD. Board 4s. day. BL4CIKPOOL.-93, ALBERT ROAD. Bdok now.—PstmEn.

HLAOKPOOL.—APARTMSN'TS of apPoial value to families Good and roomy aeonmmorlation. Good eatering.—Mrs. TAYLOR, 26, Rothesay rd.

TLACTCPOrIL.—PubIic and Private APARTMICNTS, or ) board ; 23. hPi two persons ; Bea view.-111-3. BELL, 50, et. Chad's rd., Promenade,

BLACKPOOL.--OomfnrtablP APARTMNIZTS Iv. per day each perfon with attendance.—Mrs. PARR, 23, yrdingten ri.. Central Drive.

DLACKPOOL, Superior APARTMIINTS, 2s. per night, for .) two uersons ; nea. Stations, Amusements, Sea. Board 43 —Misses CARTER. 114, Albert rd. IDLICKPOOL.—APAKTAIHNTS nett. Talhat rd. station sea, and all amusements. is. each person. Piano.— Mrs. MacarN 22, Cookson at.

DLACKPOOG.—PnWie and Private APARTI,THNTS. three minute,' from station and sea ; terms moderate.—Mrs. MOTTRAM, 219, Lytham rd.

DLACKPOOT..—PubIIc and Private APARTMIPITS ; good aecommorlltion ; central to all places ; sea view; pianos.—Mrs. FIRTH. 47. Adelalle st.

D LACKPOOL.—Superior Private and Public APART- -1) ; near sea, ttation ; bath piano, motor-house. —Mrs. Bwittnnicic, 64, Beads Blackpool.

BLAOKPooL.—Comfortable APA.RT VENTS, with or witbout board : reasonble charces ; two minutes from Central Station ; piano.—Mrs. WIDDUP, Healey House, 19, Vince rd.

DLACKPOOL—Near sea and Central Station, Public and 1, Private Boarsifmt Apartments ; bed, coo,cing. attendance (2 persons), 21. per day ; Boarders, 4s. 6d. each ; piano.— Mrs. lilvAws. 65, Albert rd.

BLACKPOOL—Clomfortable bolid&y APARTHHINTS, or board-residence; al!o permanent private Apartments, with sick nurse for lady or gentleman needing care—Mrs. Lim 12, Crystal rd., of Promenade.

BL ACK POO L —APARTMENTS with ot without board. One minute from Central Station and sea. Terms moderate.—Miss BLEARLEY, 13, Vance rd.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. DUCKWORTH, Central House, 12, I) Hull rd., opposite Excursion Platforms ; reason able charges ; homely, clean, well-furnished. Statnp.

BLACKPOOL. -APARTMENTS with or without board. Terms from 55., without b,ard 2s. 6d. Grand sea view. —3.9. Cox, Prospect House, 33 Central Promenade.

DLACKPOOL.—PubIio and private APARTMENTS with LI or without board. Terms moderate- Sea view. Highly recommended.-Miss Lacr.Manchester House 56 Tyldesley rd.

TIPI RID LINGTON.—ORHSOHNT PRIVATH HOTRL, over- .l.) looking sea and Prince's Parade; sea view every , I)LACKPOOL.—APARTNIIINT9, two minutes from Central window; from Ss. day.—Mrs. Bacioxs. LP Station and sea; piano; good accommodation for bicycles ; official caterer to the Mancbeder Union of National Chrion Cycling Clubs.—Mr. WHITEHICAD, Ruskin House, t 9, Albert rd.

BOURNBMOUTH. —TRkscoE, 6. Wooton 1-, ardens. Christ— church rd. ; board-resldence 21s. Good table ; central; sea; gardens.

BDRAY, near Dwbiln.—APAVitt ; terms moderate ; near rail and sea.- 4.pnly re.":CßS.GG,,OuncAirn AVen,le. DRIGHT ON.—HEAlthiebt part facing sea. Good APART- MENTS ; moderate.-2.CHARLoI-rz ST, Marine Parade.

BRYN GWILYM FARM. Deganwv; Comfort9.ble A vain'. MKNTS ; 10 minutea stati m ; terms moderate.— Mre. Owsrf.

XTON.—APARTIS2 HMS, centrally situcted ; good cooking ; bath ; garden and station 5 minutes.-8, HARDWICK MOUNT.

CIARNARVON, NORT WALES.— Menai View, 17, kI 31,trk4 at. (lomfort4hl ARTMRNT. Cyclists accommodated. Moderate terms.—Mrs. PUGHE JONES.

CELARMING Herefordshire for hollday. Vinare inn; historical ; bonier c ComPsesz&, Wig- more, Herefordshire. CIOLWYN BAY.—Pleteant Homely AP&RTNIHNTB. k../ with or without bosrd.—Apply COJLE, Cheltenham House, Rhiw rd.

COMPORTABLR APA.ItTiGHNTS to Let at moderate terms —Apply Miss Mcliramr, 26. Charlotte st., Warrenpoint, Ireland.

rlOßßlS.—Furnieherl OOTTA.CIB to Let for vro or three monthe ; about 12e. per week- —Panes, 57. Garneldssen. Carrie, R.`3.0., North Wales.

CIOTTAGB ; one double—bedded room, kitchen. and back ki kitchen ; terms moderate; grand seaside. —Jorms, Brown's Oottages. Grosnant, near Prestatyn.

ClOUBTkiY.—Ruperlor AP/Oak:IBM'S for three or four V/ ladles , with or without board; pretty house, with every convenience.—Mrs. HLTON. Chvel lane. Lathorr. near Ormskirk.

DOUOLAS.—ne Annandale, 1. Church rd.. Promenade, 1 minute from shore; special reduced terms to end of June.—Miss %WHAM, Proprietress. DOUGLAS. ISLE OF MAN.—Mrs. It. ANDREW, Devon- shire House, Walpole Avenue. Piomenade, close to Grand Hotel ani Victoria Pier.

DOUGLAS.-6, Royal Terrace. Beautifully situated over- looking bay. 01030 to bathing creek. Terms for full board, 3s. 6d. per day. Beds 2s. per night.-11irs. Vifistur.Er. fl ÜBLIN.—APARTMRNTS; bed, breakfenst, 2s 61.; tram Exhibition and City; healthy suburb.—Stms, 95, Grove Park, Ratbsnines.

1)UMFIIIESSHIBB ; Locbmaben.—Coadortable APART- DIHNTS, with or without atteudance ; near station. HENDERSON. Townhesd. LIMAN BAY. ANGLBSBY.—DoubIe-bedded ro,m near .1121 beach. 30s. weekly. 30 miles channel view. safe bathing. Farm produce.-OWHN CAFE.

VARBERIOUSH APARTAIHNTS. Two sitting-roomt, four bedrooms. One mile from statim.—JoNE9, lienfache, Llanrhaindr, ueir Oswestrv.

(lOWAN BANK, Llanfairfechan, North Wales.—Furnishe d House TO LBT ; two sitting, three bbirooms (lour beds), kitchen, scullery, pantry, w c —WILLIAMS.

HOLYWHLL. —Comfortaqte A P&RrM LINTS; sitting-room and droom ; terms moderate. —3, CHAPEL sr., Holywell.

HOOLB, near Soutbport.—APAll t'AiHN PS, with or vcoth out board : bracing country and Bea air ; MELLOR. Poultry Farmer, Fmk (Mang.. Monte.

TriFCLAND.—Nishinz in Ireland; good lough and canal fishing; splendid country; board &e., 16s. per week.— H. Cyclists' Bar, Poyntz Pass, Co. Armagh, Ireland.

TTA.LIAri LAKEGS.—Lady or Gentleman required to cora- -1 plete Private Party. august. Pi?teen days, £l2 12s. Linguist. Box 4721, SH•RIIow THATcHRR,HoIqnra Place.

KBDSINGTOIsf.—Bed and Breakfast, or Board re idenee. Four minutes tube, bus, tram, and train.-701 ADDISON saas., terms molerate.

I7KII WIBDRRIVOMB.—Furnfshed one Sitting end one or two Bedrooms. Terms molerate. —Mrs. HOLMES. ROOK ROB. Bereeford r. Bowness.

ARS DlSTRlOT.—Braithwaite, Keswink 1101./SE, or Apartments, facing Skiddaw : splendid scenery; near station.—kpply F. WHITE, Spring Bank, Braithwaite, Keswick.

LANDUDNO.—South aspect, nelr to promen3dA ; wLI- Li aired bade; STRSTroN, Fran Ditian, Roaebery Avenue, Orrtio-v-ri,n. Lbiniulno.

LLANDUDNO.—Ootnfortable AP 9WI NHS CS, public and private ; good cooking ; near sea and convenient for all aramernents. itc. —Mrs. STocirroN. be }lollies, Clifton rd.

y LAN ci 0 WM.—Comfortable A PART 'd RNT3 ; board 1/ Optional; piano; tArcas mociar4e.-151re. WituAnts, audor House.

T LANWItTYD WILL, Mtd Wales. -Charlton liouse and (Jsfe. Board-R•sidence or Apartments; highly recom- mended; bath (h and c.); ctora to spa baths. and mountain walks ; fishing district, golf.—Proprietress, Mrs. PRITCHARD, LIVEIIPOOL.—Good Beirooms for visitors, board optional Terms moderate.-152 UPPER PARLIAMENT NIT.

I ONDON.—Superior APARTHRNTS for visitors by day kJ or week; znolerate terms; board optional ; quiet, central.—Write requirements MANAGER, 41, Bernard fit., Russell square.

LYAlM.—Large new Tea Room. Picnic parties catered for. Accommodation for Cycles.—Mre. Bralon., CAntet bury Cottage, Lytnm. (Three minutes from the Oro.).

lt/r ORROAMBR.—Mrs.J. RoBINSON. Ancher RousA 186,8 t. LYI James's terrace,Huston rd.,near statian ; central; piano. It/EOIII3OANIBEI W.ll.—Public or private APARTSVINTS, ITJI Two minutes from the sea and pier.—Mrs. WHITTAREH, 12, Grafton rd.

mORRCAM Bit, Promenade.-Oomfortable A PARTIIII NTS, facing the 8e8; Lerma moderate.—Mra. THORNTOI% , Winterdyne.

Air OR)soAMBH.—Oomfortable APAATYMINTS. :dose to 1.31. sea and West Pier; terms moderate.—hirs. WILSON. 17 Parliament et.

molll3oAMßlS.—Oomfortable APA.tiTHIINT 3, near sea and pr. path. Plano.—Misses LAlNGE.naurra, 63. Albert rd.. W.R. •

.X/1 ORTICAMBEI. W.H.—Pnblie and Privale APARTNIHNIS; .1111 good sea view; beds 2s. per night.— lire. BAKER. 27 Bea View Parade,

ORBOAMBIL—Mrs. Hewouta, Mona House, 6, Sea View Parade. W.E. Public, private APARTMENTS; cycle accommodation.

fI OltHCAMßlL—Furnisbed HOUSic. near golf; dining, I.ll_ • drawing, 4 bed rooms, bath; Aug., Sept., or part.— Ilorznats, Thornton rd.

Air 011130AMBH (Central). —Comfortable APAttrAiNST3 IVI. near Bea and Amusements ; bed, 2a. night (2 persons).— Mies HUMPHRIES, 27 Oxford it.

MORECAMBIL—W. B. Romnwura.'s ELTON HOUSE, 8, Sem View Parade, Comfortable APARTedMITS, reasonable tem., public or private Pianos, bath, cycle storage, near stations. Pier and amusements. MORFA NBlVN.—Furnished APARTAIRifI TS ; easy distance of ibeach; terms moderate.—Jomes, Rocket view.

NT BRIGHTON.—Good accommodation. Visitors 2s per night Also private sitting-room. Terms moderate.—Mrs. GRAHAM, 29. Duke it.

NIMITH COHNWALL.—Farmhouse APARTMHSTS, also; furnished cottage near Moor, sea.—STEPHISNB, Tregewen, Davldslow, near Camelford

XTORTH DISVON.—APAKTIHISNITS or board-residence; 11 sea front, 2 sitting, fine bedrooms.—PaanmaCY, Combe Martin.

PARIS (Near).—Frenon Protestant family receives young lailes ; best references ; terms £3 per m outth— MARCHAND, 4, Avenue Centrals'. Le Vesinet.

gpartbunts, jfitrittObeb 300tt5e6 etc RHSTATYR.— Superior BOARD- RHSID arieltone or two 1 persons, 28a.; tour or more, 25a. esctt per wk. SMITE, " Dra kelo w."

pwLLHELL-rUNNISHiID HOUSB. Southßeach ; .11 conveniences ; August or longer.—Particulars, IlowLairDs, Council School.

OWLLHHLI.—Most comfortable APAHTM NTS, vacant 1.. lauguet. Near church, sea and river flehlng, golf. tennia. Hizheet referencee.—ROßEßTS. lefryn.

HYL.—For FUHNISHM) HOUllii or &PARTS:HINTS ; I send requirements and enclose stamp for reply to Messrs. HATwOOO & Co.. Agents, Eby!.

IDIOSTREVOW.—Near the sea. Comfortable APAILTSSBNTS It good cooking and attendance. Terms moderate.—Mias MILL, 2. Killowen Terrace.

SOARBOROUGN.—St. Anbyn'd Boarding Home, New Queen et., Sea views. central, moderate terms.— MANAGERESS.

SOALIBURoUH.—Superior APA tt NUR ft 3 or Board Residence; full sea view.—Apply Mrs. PRITCHARD, 4. Bt. Mary's Terrace.

SOAR BOROUGH .—Comfortable Superior aTAKTNIUNTS. one minute Spa. Eoplanade ; Bunny aspect; arood nook- ing.—Mrs. Wititas, 1, Crown Crescent, South Cliff.

SMALL Furnisbei COTTAGR TO Bfi LIIT, week or months. —Mrs. J. HAGUE, Copper Mines. Alder ley. nr aleHord. QOUTHPORT. -A.PA.RTM RNTS. near illuminations ; bath. piano ; terms moderate.—Mre, LOCKET e, 684. Rastbank it. Q OUT I OF SCOTLAND.—APARTMR NTS. Summer months, attendance optional; lovely situation • near Luce Bsy.—HERBY, Navarre. Glenview, ctienluce, Wigtownshire.

T. ANNBS-ON-SHA.—Corafortable APARTMFINTS. near station ; bath and pianu.—Mrs, RassereoN. Lyndene. Sprlnafield rd.

QT. ANDIHS-ON-StiA.—Superior APART:4IN; central \1 position ; 3 minutes, pier and station. —DEAN, "Grasmere," 6, Al! Saints rd.

SANIJKS-Olv-SBA.—Home-likg APARTMIMTS ; every accommodation ; °loge to station and sea; bath, piano. —Mrs. WALFH, Hurstwood, 6, All Silas' rd

rIIIWHNTON. near Gleveleys. —Front SITTING-ROOK, 1. lor 2 double-bedded rooms ; pleasant situation. —Mrs. ROXBURGH, Holmes rd.

IlOTlQUAY.—Comfortable APARTMTMTS ; plano ; board optional; good cooking; near tram; very moderate.— HARDING 39. Bronshill Crescent.

"(TAWS Ol CLWYD.—SIttIng, three bedroom.; piano ; V fishing ; good cooking. —JoNits, Clwyd Dale, Fthlw, Ruthin, Nyarth Station.

VISITORS to Belfast wanting LODGI &CIA in select nart V of the city at moderate prices can anelq to Mrs. BALMER. 29. Lincoln avenue, Antrim ri. Belfa.t.

WELSRPOOL.—Comtortable for Ashed APARTMEINTS In farm-house. With or Without hoard. Hltna am- fortr. Terms mocteratc.—Mrs. TWtT, Claddlan Clochion, Wrishpool. cATBST KIRBY.—WeII Furnished Country (-MUSH to be 1' V let for the winter; three entertfining. ten bed- rooms; beet po9ition ; exteneme views; stand high and sheltered; large gardens.—Konv MOUNT.

WEST KlRRY.—Comfortatble Seaside APARTKENTS can be 1-,ad at 36 Eaton H., close to prornanade, park ; hot & cold water ev.ry conveni,,nce ; private & publlo sitting-rooms —Mrs. ForN. Trifrord /louse. WHYMOUTH.—Comfortable APARTMENTS ; close pier and rtarcleor.—Anzrotn, 61. Si-. Mars'. it.

INDERMBltH.—Oomfortable SPAR MHtTB near ation, furnieh^d or unforniehed ; with or without attendance: cycle sccommodatlon.—Mre.DALLlsioßs Main rd.

ITORKSHIRE COAST. WHITBY. Best FURNISHED HOUSES near B .aeb and goII.—RoMCRT Mita At BONS Notate Agents, Whitbv.

0111ZR-BitilD FOX Ilittitll3lt PUFS 6 w.eke old ; well ' mlrked, 1 s. eh. —411104 E, 26. Croft lane. Hollins. Manchester.

GARNETT'S "NEW DEPARTMENT" to snit all clams. Call and look through l the new premises adjoining the old show- rooms SANKEY STREET. GARNETT'S.

TRE EXAMINER. JULT 20th. 1907

irbt eraminer *tries THR WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE RXIIVIINER -1 published every Stturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Piper for Warrington, Stockton Heath. Penketh, Vjnwck. Padre/ate, Lymin, &P.. being one of the Largest and Rest Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district coverei by this Paper com- prises a la,ge trading and agrUialtural tract in South Lanca- shire and Mid-flhespire THE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday morr frig. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilitiee to Advertisers. • /113 R WIDNES EXAMINRR. published every Saturday -1 morning. Widnes contains the largest nnmber of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. rlll4lB RA ILESTOWN MID NRWTON 14X&MINR I- published every Saturday morning The Largest Loca Paper containing the News nf llarlstoWfl, Newton-le Willows, Golborne, liescloak, Lowton &a The district thd co uprised is a most imp3r;ant dart of the Lancashire C sal • tields, THE ST. RIMERS RR Mates PIK.. published every Saturday morning ,circulating in St. Helens. Preston Parr, Sutton. Peaeley &b.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID A DVERTTSENITCNTS.I. APARTMENTS WANTRD. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO Eli SOLD. ARTIOLHS LOST. MISIELLA7ROUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALE One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 61. is. 3d. ... 2s. ... 3s. 91. 27 ... Os. 91. ... Is. 101. 38. ss. 01. 36 le. 0.1. ... 2s. 61. ... 4s. Od. ..„ 6s. Pd. 45 is. 3e. 14. ... ss. od. ... 7s. Pd. 64 ... 3s. 6s, Od. ... 10s. Od

. . txt.:'•, r's Qr.,* :.1•it,7.:.:,:,....,- '.; .- /- 1 . - . r.:4, • -.., --._ . .- , ~..,• 141 e. . • T . ..,.•so . I*- ..,..,,, < . i*. 0-V0,..-. . - • • ,i4.3.4„...r 'Pit . ... . . ..14..... ~... • %.1,....: '..,, . ..- •;;!,, -' '4;:_ - -.,,, s. .. . \

" An excellent Food. admirably adapted to the wantc of infants and young persons." —SIR CHARLES A. CAMERON, C. 8.. Profess°, of Chemistry, R.C.5.1., Medical Officer of Health for Dublin, PURVEYORS BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO THE E'iIPRESS OF RUSSIA.

Dr. BR'S BACKACKE PELLETS Are a new remedy, which have a marvellous effect in.e,nring Backache,. Lumbago, Gout, Rheu- matism, Sciatica, and all diseases of the Kidneys, &c. If you suffer, take one pellet three times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses you will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain of Backache &c. A Sufferer says:--" T obtained quick relief from h terrible backache after taking a few doses of Dr. Baker's Backache Pellets. Write at once enclosing 12 st imps for one box or 33 stamps for 3 boxes to P rice DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE Co., 1/1-`-i, • 03, NELSON SQUARE, SOUTHWARK, LON Do N, SE.

/0 COOO , ~.....i.; .... -....„) , • ---.., . ITS ,i A. -=;; MASON'S -..„---W,-- '14% • ---- _g. .'. %. ' , --, • •r,p-,,, i.'-,. t a ';',, 1•174*---.............„-_-,,,----.--- .4 m. .. mit0r04,17., - -7--":".._- ----- - --- --,- T:----:----.7-: - - __ . HOW TO MAKE Gr A. r_. L. CP N S 8 BOTANIC BEER IN YOUR 1-101 IE. Mason's Extract of Herbs .. 0 0 5 sugar . . . x 0 0 91 Yeast or Harm -.' 8) 0 1 4 2d. PER GALLON. c C 2 --

200 YEARS A SECRET. GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES. For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has been kept in one Family. Its curative action is wonderful in all cases of WOUNDS. CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, and all SKIN TROUBLES. It at once soothes and heals, and cannot hurt the most delicate skin. In many cases of very long standing it has quickly cured, even when doctors have despaired. Froe for 14 stamps. GRANNIE COMPANY, NORWICH.

"SKIPPER" • SARDINES are a revelation in daintiness— wholesome, too. Palate.captivating " fishlets," cinite unlike ordinary Sardines. Sixpence and your grocer's name and address will bring you a dainty pack- age post free, if he has not got them. Write—ANGUS WATSON & CO.,Newcastle-on-Tyne. Canners : Chr. Bjelland & Co., Stavanger, Norway.

WARRINGTON CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY. , -- Resignation of The Manager. .---- The quarterly meeting of the Warrington Equitable Industrial Co-operative Society; Ltd. was held on Monday night in the Co-operative Half, Sankey-street. Mr. T. Critchley (president) occupied the chair, and was supported by the following members of the com- mittee :-Messrs. T. Wadsworth, B. Hall, F. Timperley, B. Farrar' W. Bibby, C. H. Hibbert, E. Malone, N. Cook, W. Haigh, G. T. Rushton, D. Donellon, and T. Bowers. The room was crowded with members. The PRESIDENT said• he Lad no hesitation in saying' that the financial position of the Society was second to none in the country. In the near future large exten- sions and alterations were contemplated, and it behoved them to be extremely careful how they dealt with with their reserve. They proposed among other things to erect a central warehouse which might cost from £19,000 to £15,000. Their late worthy manager and secretary (Mr. A. H. Rathbone) was not with them that night and would not be with them again. The question of his resignation was adjourned from the last quarterly Meeting to that one for Mr. Rathbone to con- sider what he should do. He had decided what course to take, and on July 3rd he placed before the committee his final resignation with the desire that his services should terminate on Saturday;' the 13th. Since receiv- ing the resignation, the committee had met and decided to advertise for a manager and e secretary. Mr. Rath- bone's decision not to take any further active part in the management of the society was the outcome of his being unable to fall in with certain views and actions taken during the past two years. He (the President) bad very great respect for Mr.Rathbone, and considered they could not have had a better man to control affairs. He had been an excellent chief, and conscientiously endeavoured to build up a sound financial undertaking. Great credit was due to him- for the sound condition in which he left the Society. He (the President) believed that if Mr. Rathbone had not been such an upright and conscientious man he could have benefited hmiself very much financially without impoverishing the society. The greatest fault they could find with -•-• him was that he had saved too much money for the If you are thin, wet'; or deallitated from any cause benefit of the members. They could not speak too or if you suffer from indigestion, nervousness, or highly of him now he had left them and he (the palpitation, a certain ye t perfectly harmless and invalu- President) hoped Mr. Rathbone would' live long to enjoy the retirement he had so well earned. (Applause.) able remedy which can be obtained for a few pence is . In his letter of resignation Mr. Rathbone said he Dr. Cassell's Tablets. Them tablets build fieah and MEASURING LIGHT. I thanked the members for their kindness and courtesy to create nerve forc3 and bodily strength in a manner that The ideas of most people on th i him during the past 42 years. He left the society in a e measur ne te sound financial state, with not less than £30,000 set surprises everyone who takes them. They should be of light are extremely vague, says Gas Logic. aside for strengthening their position and securing given to children for rickets, weak chests, or defective In these days, however, there is no guess- suitable sites for the development of the business. He nourishment, and taken by adults fdr any form of nerve had always done his best to promote the interests of the work about the measuring of light. It is Society, and bodily weakness. Stout people may take them as a siderec aealtoaolthoucgohnsehrivsare agernt hriisicil might be al,cao3ns- gauged as carefully and accurately without fear of increase of adipose tissue because of lady's ribbons or a physician's prescription, been sound 4 progressive and successful. He need not their extraordinary power of absorbing fat and convert- The systems by which gas is measured have dwell on the reasons which led to his resignation, but he ing it into sound, healthy flesh, blood, bone and muscle all grown up within two generations. declined to accept the responsibility for a doubtful Photometry-the measuring of light-is a policy which, in his opinion, might lead not only to science all by itself.. The encyclopredia will trouble in the management , but to disastrous results tell you that light is measured in this way: finanoliallY• "If a point source emits in all directions a iAt a meeting tau% !IT yeraercso of faithful record their high high appreciation o r. a - Committee it was f decided to 'quantity of light' M. its intensity is said ithful service, and the fact that he to be M-4; i.e., the quantity of light going ° left the Society in a strong financial position--" one of out through a unit solid angle. The intensity the soundest in the co-operative movement." is written ' I.' A small surface of area 'A.' The minutes were passed, on the proposition of Mr. at a distance 'r ' from the point source, and BRADBURN, seconded by Mr. J. BENNION. inclined to the line joining it to the Point The balance sheet, which showed that the sales for source so that the angle between this line the quarter amounted to £43,217 2s. 7d.-a record-was and a line perpendicular to the surface" adopted. . _______ And so on, and so on. But that, to The final reportof the special committee appointed the average mind non-scientific, is not in- to consider the values of the various properties belong. telligible. It is much more interesting to see ing to the society and depredations thereon, in relation to the balance sheet for December quarter, 1906, was HOW THE THING IS ACTUALLY DONE. submitted. The figures 'showed there was a surplus of In laboratories of the gas company there is £24,725 10s. 10d., ' which tile committee proposed should ' be allocated as follows --Accident and Insurance Fund, one room set apart for the photometric ap- I £3,270; Reserve Fund, £21,455 10s. 10d. As those pliances. Everything in the room is painted I reserves were, in their opinion, more than ample, they dead black, and there is not a bit of bright recommended that there be no further taking out of metal work a,nytyhere to catch the light, I ;profits for depreciation or additions to various reserves, Along one side of the room stretches a high I seeing that their liability to shareholders was table, with a gas jet at one end, and at the I exceeded by the sum of £24,725 10s. 10d. If the other end two standard candles or a lamp •of 'members agreed to this there would be added to profit the exact intensity of light - which is to be , and loss account, taking the items as they stood in the used as a standard. Between the gas jet and I December. balance sheet :-Deprecations, £235; the candles or standardised lamp runs a . additions to reserve,£3os ; total : £540 for the quarter. horizontal bar, on which is a graduated ; This would be available either for increased dividend scale, and on this bar rests a movable sight- I (equal to 3d. in the £) or for reducing prices of goods , sold, to the level at which they can be bought elsewhere. ing - box. - The report was adopted. In this box are two mirrors set at angles The retiring members ef the committee, Messrs. so that a disc placed between them, and Farrar, Haigh and Maione,were proposed for re-election whose plane is in the line of vision, is visible ! along with the following :-Messrs. T. Rigby, J. Seed, in each mirror-i.e., both sides of it can be jJ. W. Bouchier, E. England, and J. Foden. The ballot seen at once. The disc consists of two kinds iresulted as follows :-Haigh, 183; Farrar, 162; Malone, of paper forming a star, the difference in 1124 (elected) ; England, 97; Rigby, 94; Seed, 46; thickness of the papers allowing ' light to Bouchier, 42; and Foden, 35. , pass through the thin material alid be re- GARDEN CITIES. fleeted on the opaque one, so that some of • THE SOCIETY AND THE WARRINGTON the light passes through the disc from one SCHEME. source of light, and is reflected from the At a meeting of the Committee it was decided to hoc cu. the other disc by the other source of recommend the investment of £lOOO in the Warrington I light. Thus the intensity of the two sources Garden City. Suburbs Company. of light is in juxtaposition, and when the I Speaking in support of the proposal. Mr. B. Farrar i , referred to the fact that as a result of the Garden City sighting - box containing the disc -te moved .at Letchworth the death rate had been reduced by one- that the figure of the ster on the disc is ia to or from either source of light it s found ; half. He thought it would be a grand thing for the - I society to be able to say they were one of visible when the two sources of light give the first partners in this grand scheme of making EQUAL ILLUMINATION ON THE DISC, a city that was beautiful and healthy and so reducing - I the death-rate A piece of land had been purchased at and on the other being reflected from its sur- the light on one side going through the disc Penketh-lane end-about 20 acres-for £225 per acre, 1 • and also an estate near Morris Brook Farm, Latchford, face. On this sighting - box is a hand or' at £l4O per acre. The company had power to purchase pointer, which indicates on the graduated land, and subsidiary companies would be able to put up scale on the horizontal bar the ratio of the houses. The company would be in such a position that gaslight to the standard. In order to correct it would be enabled to buy land in town as well as the any inaccuracy of the readings ten are , surrounding districts. The directors and shareholders taken of both the indicated candle power ; would not receive at any time more than five per cent. and .the gas consumption in consecutive , The garden city would relieve the density of population minutes, and the average of these ten one-lin town and make ideal homes for-the people. 1 e could not recommend the minute readings is used in making the final Mr. DONELLON said h society to put £l,OOO into the scheme. (Hear, hear).' computations. Where candles are used they 1 M Farrar • - , r. arrar had not stated what security they were are carefully weighed before and after the going to have for their money. He (Mr. Donnellon) test, to insure the accuracy of their stan- ' . did not think it would be a good investment. They dard. Each candle must consume at the rate floated £l,OBO in the Ship Canal and it was still floating. of 120 grains of spermaceti per hour,. 1 (Laughter). That £l,OOO appeared at £95 in the balance , I sheet. The Society had sunk esgood deal of capital in THE FUTURE OF INVENTION. I" white elephants" already. I Mr. Trtow *aid instead of investing money in the Mr. Edison has been giving his views to al way suggested the society should enable members to representative of the New York Times as to , buy their own houses by advenceing up to five-sixths or the future of invention. In the course of his even more of the money required. The society could remarks .he said: It is always the unforeseen charge a little premium on what they paid out. They had a garden city already in Stockton Heath, but who that happens in inventions. The accidents, 'lived there? Men who went to work at nine generally, are what count. Semething o'clock. A man could not live at Penketh or greater than the best of us have ever dared , Morris Brook and be at work at six o'clock in the to imagine is suddenly discovered, and then morning. the world of science is switched on to a new ! Mr. Mlteoele also spoke in favour of the society field of investigation. That has been the his. enabling members to purchase houses. tory of the past-why should it not hold A member said he was infermed by a director cf the good of the future? It is impossible to pro- company that the society were pledged to put £l,OOO in the company. pliesy, because 'the best that one can say is ---- Mr. Farrar, explained that it was decided to await the The annual sports open to scholars attending the apt to be outdone y b what some gifted, or decision of that meeting. Warrington Elementary schools were held on the War- fortunate, inventor may actually bring to light. The discussion was ehen adjourned for three months. rington Football Ground on Monday evening. They I ELECTRIC LIGHT. PROBLEMS. were originally fixed for Saturday but owing to the wet But tlcertain 1. f • t' - there are lnes o invention PARR'S BANK LIMITED. weather were postponed. The committee wisely decided ' which are now before the world about which to bold them on the first fine day and despite the short-:---- ness of the notice there was a crowd of 3,500 present on ! it is safe to predict degrees of possible de- Monday evening. The entries for the various events velopment. In the new filaments, for in- Cortinued Progress. were numerous and the competition of the keenest stance, that have been placed on the market -- character. During the afternoon selections were given the loss of energy sustained in the produc- An extraordinary general meeting of this company by the band of the Warrington Blue Coat School, ti ),I of light has been reduced to something will be held at the Bank Premises, Winwick-street, whilst girls from Wycliffe and St. Ann's gave very like 90 per cent. I believe that by the use Warrington, on Thursday next at 12 noon. The follow- pretty Morris dances. Great credit is due to the cone- of gas engines this loss may be reduced to ing report will be submitted :- mittee of teachers who so ably organized the festive!. 80 per cent. The problem for the electric "The directors, in submitting to the shareholders the Below is a list of the prize-winners :- light expert, is, of course, to convert as' much balance sheet of the bank at 30th June, 1907, certified BOYS' RACES, of this waste energy into light as possible, bh y the auditors, have to report that the in and 50 Yards Flat.-1, A. Middleton; 2, C. Walker; 3, S. and this rate of progress is exceedingly prospects of the business continue to be in every way Gri whew. grntifying. The glow-worm you know, is E\ satisfactory. Including £137,783 28. Bd. brought for- -80 Yards Flat.-1, F. Waywell ;2, W. o•. Neil ;3, S. light- .d • body • which' 1 • pio ucing in t , ward at 31st December, 1906, the net balance of profit sere is abso- for the half. year, after writing down consols to 83 and Rigby. ltite`l no waste so far • hive 50 Yards Sack Race.-1, S. Broadhurst; 2, J. Crookes; Y , as w e been able other investments to below market value, providing for 3, A. Bibby. ito discover. The glow-worm gives light all bad and doubtful debts and rebating the current 80 Yards Flat.-1, J. Long; 2, L. Lawton ;3,A. I without loss in heat. That is the model for bills at five per cent is £340,471 Os. 9d. From this sum Spencer. t the scientist. Nobody knows how the glow- the directors recommend :-The payment of a half-year's 200 Yards Flat.-1, A. Warburton :2, L. Walker. worm attains this marvel of efficiency for dividend at the rate of 19 per cent per annum payable 100 Yards Obstacle Race.-1, W. Barton; 2, H. which all the experts are striving. Professor free of income tax, on the Ist August, £162,307 10. ; Woods: 3, E. James. Langley, of the Smithsonian Institution, has the transfer to bank premises account., £15,000 : the 100 Yards Flat.-1, 0. Broadhurst'; 2, F. Partridge; performed various interesting experiments tranfer to officers' pension and provident fund, £15,000 -£199 3, R. Cartwright ;4. H. Wilkinson. with this marvellous little creature in the '" 307 10s. • leaving a balance to be carried to next 200 Yards Flat.-1, R. Hillier. hope that he might solve the mystery-but account, £148,163 10s. 9d. The directors record with SO Yards Sack Race.-1, G. Cole ; 2, R. Morton. deep regret the recent death of Sir David Gamble, Bart, the puzzle remains a putzle still. Neverthe- KC B , who had been a director of the bank since its 100 Yards Flat.-I, F. Jackson; 2, W. Rounds ;3, A. , , ii• • • less, progress s certainly beirig made n this establishment as a Joint Stock Company in 1865. To Hashes. 100 Yards Flat.-I, D. Munn ;9, J. Lodge ;3,J. H. branch of electrical application, and I have fill the vacancy the directors have elected Sir J. Ray . very little doubt that the electric lamp fifty Christopher Gamble, Bart., to a seat on the Board, and 100 Yards Flat.-1, A. Warburton ;2, G. Watson. years hence will burn with the same candle- the shareholders will be asked to confirm the appoint- -100 Yards Obstacle.-1, J. Wright ;2, H. Whitney; pcwer without using more than a tenth of mente A branch of the bank has been opened at 3, F. Dutton. the energy or horse-power. , Mouton Green,near Eccles and a sub-branch at Ueholland Tug-of-war.-Arpley-street. near Wigan.-Cecre F. PARR, chairman,4,Bartholomew- WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY. ane, London, 8.C., I:tth July 1907." Flag Squadron.-Arpley-street. GIRLS' RACES. Then there is wireless telegraphy. It is . not more than about sour years old, and yet i COMMERCIAL FAILURES.-According to " Kempes 40 Yards Flat.-1, D. Bennett; 2. K. Kilburn. by means of it we are able to communicate Mercantile Gazette" the total number of Commercial 50 Yards Seipping.-1, H. Houghton; 2, M. Berry; with ships for a distance of 1,500 miles. It Failures recorded in England ' and Wales during the 3, D. Hipkiss. 60 Yards Egg and Spoon.-1, G. Starkey. .is entirely conceivable, considering such a week ending Friday, July 12th, was 140, viz. :-New ' SO Yards Flat.--1, E. Middleton ;2, M Clooney , rapid development in so short a spaCe of Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the London M. Solan. . • 3 ' time, that in half a century it will be post Gazette, 65; Deeds of Arrangement registered, 75. The 50 Yards Flat.-1, G. K ilburn :2, L. Leah. sible to ' communicate with a vessel wherever respective 41uraberS in the corresponding week of last 60 Yards• Skipping.-1, M. Clooney ; 2, E. Bennett ; it may be, from the furthest region of the-9 Deeds of year were: Bankruptcies, ie ;Arrangement 3, B. Gifford. . 1 Pacific to the most remote waters that sur- a decrease 69 -Total 141 ; beingof 1. The total 8 100 Yards Egg and Spoon.-1, E. Foster; 2, H. I round either pole. As for the phonograph, number of Commercial Failures recorded during the 9 ' • weeks of the present year is 4,323 : the total nnmber Warburton. ' taking it in connection with the kinetoscope' recorded in the corresponding 28 weeks of last year was 50 Yards Flat.-1, N. Smith ;2, H. Richardsom; 3, H. I believe that it will be perfected to such an 9,611, showing a decrease of 288. Houghton. I extent in another fifty years that people ,in . 160 Yards Flat.-1, E. Siddall. ' New York will be able to attend an entire }- - 80 Yards Flat.-1, A. Keen; 2, E. Hackett; 3, M. Potter. theatrical performance, or listen to an opera I 80 Yards Skieping.-I,M. Mounfleld; 2, D. Lockerbie; from beginning to eruli where there is not ! 3, A. Malpass. an actor or a singer present-and yet every ' 80 Yards Egg and Spoon.-1, D. Leigh ;2, D. Harper. gesture, every syllable, every note, will be I 100 Yards Flat.-1, E. Siduall ;2, D. Lockerbie ;3, there with the most perfect illusion that art I A. Green. could demand. But all this has to do with , 100 Yards Flate-1, E. Bellis ;2, C. Holland. inventions - and inventions form a plot ! Tug-of-war.-Arpley-street. . 1 enspter in my life. 1 have turned the is at Flag Squadron.-St. Barnabas.' , down there; I have done with that set of oz- pa:iences from now on.

, . _ ' PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT:COMPANY MANUFACTUREgS. TMEEP: GOLD MEDALS. itRANCIMS KVERYWHERE. 1 THE , ~ A QUARTER OF A CENTURY'S REPUTATION. • A. I ti, Dainty Design. II ~ . 8/11 : Jig . '_ I - 4. 116 118, Bridge St., Warrington. Ladles' Glace Kid Shoe, ',-... Cross Bar, Triple Bar -.........„.... --......_ 4457, WViicetia srßld.d:iirnmsdn. Crosses " , Widnes. Bridge St. & Market St., Earlestown., . Oxford or Derby. No. 1913. ---..,.... 6, High Street, Runcorn. I • ! . - • „ , ,• - . :•PLEEILIC:. BENEFIT-BOOT. COMPANY. .... . . . ‘

To prcvert Sick-Ileac-ladle on land or sea—to correct sensations of piddiness—to remove the biliousness caused by change of diet—change of air—change of environment—you must take BEECHAM'S PILLS. You will then lose all your "liverishness," have no more pain after eating, and your sick headache and giddiness will vanish. It is impossible To C ',joy You ioNliciay if you are out of sorts. A box of BEECHAM'S PILLS will take up very little room in your travelling bag, and you never know when they will come in handy and most probably save you much suffering and expense. If you find that the change of living does not agree with you, or your appetite is not what It should be, you can at once put yourself right if you TAKE e ' • - . ..,..: ' 111r44 "i. -, ': i. .io . • 7 : '..,1. i- -p. _ ~..1,1: - gc.,...v. ,T.',,.:. , _,- • :•.:•, ik,•::., .; . -I, , , _.• z. . o._ ,-,c...... vr.:. _AAA • r ..........,.."..M....... Sold everywhere In boxes, price 111 i (56 pills) & 219 (168 pills).

_g • Go ddarus- Powder rieaningSilverfleetroPlatek, everywhere ifr 2/6s. 410.

„ • , • • 1 DP. SCOTT'S FILLS PREVENT DIVASE • They have been specially prescribed by a qualified • medical man, to remove the causes of disorder, and act as a tonic to the whole y,tent, thus preventing disease. Their action is gentle, but their restorative and beneficial effects are unmistakeable in the most obstinate ca,es of LIVER COM. • PLAINT, INDIGEiTION, CONSIIPATION, HEADACHE, and all kindred ailments. Can be obtained at all Chemists and Stores. Wrapped in squar green packages. lllti and 2/9 per box. • :•• • ; • - ' ' • •

. . Recipe . . BOTANIC To make 8 Gallons Prime Beer In your Home BEER 4 .. d• Mason's Extract of Herbs o o 5 Yea::: or Barns - - o o ii Sen:l to-ct7v Id. stamp t. Cover -,,,,,g, . HINTS ON 1112F.W1N'U," mhicti L., o 2 contains much ralll4l,!C = 20. PER GALLON. infurination. Nearball tit Mason. Nottinzharn.

WITH SNOWDOL FLUID & POWDERS 'MANY TIMES MORE EFFECTIVE THAN CALBOLIC ACID. To BE OBTAINED 7110111 ALL 011B111L8TS OR TEE MANUFACTURE/18— SNOWDON, SONS & CO., LTD., MILLWALL, B.

RINGWORM! The most obstinate cases rn children and adults are posi- tively cured in a very short time with my special RING- WORM Cure (a preparation made specially for the relief of this troublesome disease) by post, IP. Id. and 2s. per box.— From J. G. WILKINSON, 4.t3 Dispensing Chemist, 01l Rarebit's lane, Leeds.

taken in pledge. At one time it was feared that adjoining shops would be endangered, but the firemen were successful in confining the flames to Mr. Tyrer's premises. A splendid supply of water was obtained from the street hydrants and in about an hour after the outbreak was discovered the fire was got under control. Exciting scenes were witnessed the brigade having a difficult task in removing a large quantity of goods, many articles having to be lowered through the windows. A large crowd assembled, but the police arrangements were of such an excellent character that the work of the firemen was not impeded. The damage is estimated at 21,000.

ATKINSON S.: BARKER' ROYAL INFANTS' PRESERVATIVE. IN CONSTANT USE FOR OVER 100 YEARS. FOR TEETHING, CONVULSIONS, RICKETS, ETC. Bottlei 1/rk, 2/9 and 4/6.
