===== 0002601_19070622_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
- LIVERPOOL BRANCH: SANDON MEWS, 80, EGERTON ST. where owing to the increasing demand for our Speciality in igh-olftes Carriage and Hunting Horses, and to supply this demand we have completed extensive alterations, and trust, by strict and personal supervision of business, to retain the confidence in the future as in the past of our numerous Patrons. Also soliciting the favour of those in want of good, sound, High-class Irish Horses, at moderate prices,to entrust Us with their requirements, our sole aim being attention and entire satisfaction in our dealings with customers.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
eAIqADA 131 °CHAN CI

EROBTEW2 A:

SPRED.

!SAP STY.

COMPORT

===== 0002601_19070622_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
ADDRESS CARDS.

THE EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19070622_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
r' "`"'"*-- * ` ss'7"-

===== 0002601_19070622_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Y ALLAN LINF.—THE ACME OF 1041 FORT IS ATTAINED IS THE ST TURBINE STEAMERS. ND CHEAPEST ROUTE TO ALL PARTS OF CANADik & WESTERN STATES. Unsurpassed Accommodation Excellent Cu:sine. Details re Work and Wages. Apply ALLANS. 103, LEADENHALL STREET, ane 5. PALL MALL. LONDON; 19, JAMES STREET, LIVERPOOL or Local Agents.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
T ONDOEI TO CANADA for 25 ss.—Voss & Co., 69, .1J Fenchuroh st., London,

SUBSCRIPTION CARDS. CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES, INVOICES,

===== 0002601_19070622_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLISTS INSPBCT THE R. & P. SPRED MODBL. For Highest-class Workmanship, Quality, and Finish, see the _ _ _ _

18-8, P 'I9O7.MODELS.

CATALOGUES - FREE. ROBINSON & PRICE, DEPOT :-39, WHITECHAPEL Works & 43, PEMBROKE PLACE, Garage f LWIFIRPOOL• 2162 Central. Telephone Nos. 1 2682 Royal. makes Renovated, Plated and Enamelled I and P' Finish. Two and Three Speed

===== 0002601_19070622_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
'R&P' `R&P `R&P' `R&P'

REPAIRS.—AII In our famous ' II Gears Fitted.

HERALD PI bi.S.—A Certain Cure for GOUT, BURMA, RHEUMATISM LUMBAGO. SCIATICA, and all URIC ACID TROUBLES. HUNDREDS OF TESTIMONIALS. ONE SHILLING PER Box (POSTAGE 11). EXTRA). HERALD & CO., 411, HOLLOWAY RD., LONDON, N.

WELL-BtsHL) strung PONY. IS 2, 7 ye,irs ; sound; price £2O.—Mies DORM, Kiri on House, Chester.

(AN SALE two horses ab,ut 16 hand., suit coal dealer.— 1.,1 Apply Joe. Owax 48 Glazebrook at . Warrington.

GOOD FARM. 122 acre:, best part lima. £2,150.—8e, Fir Tree Cottage. Roebford, /hem

VSSBX.-70; pores. mostly grass. with cottage, £1.259.- -EJ Film. Fir Tree Cottage. Roshford. Bssex.

CiEVERAL LOTS of eligible PROFilitTlf on Sale, situate in Fairfield rd.. Warburton et., and Gaskell it., Stockton Heath. All well built. Moderate ground rents. Proportion of purchase money may remain on mortgage.—Apply, J. LONOLAND, Solictor, 2, Egypt it., Warrington.

agyitultural Vrobuct, 4Jlants, Scr

Growers wanting Rasp'serry tubs please apply W. noBERTA, 464, Rotherhithe New rd., London.

MhS. HOS. CLARKE,

STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, "EXAMINER "OFFICE, 33 MARKET STREET, HARLESTOWN. FANCY' STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
elloutatron.

Oat bp ituttiott.

fflonen

NTONHY.—Loans from £3O upwards arranged privately. JL —T. HALL, 67 Hyde rd., Ardwick, Manchester.

TICKET BOOKS, FOOTBALL FIXTURES, ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed frrrn ?sate or type.

JOHN WALKER S.: Co., Bewsey St., Warrington. EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19070622_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
inatbrmerv,

el AS lINGINRS IFIRPAIRSD, Boring, Turning, and Sarew A T cutting.—Mmmu. &Wee st., !Mon, Tinry.

ORO f iFI LB Gas Bngine, 7f b.p.,apiendid working oondition, £27 10a. —Addreioi EPGINR, Box 4171, c/o !Marrow and Thatcher, Holborn Place. Lon4on.

p ATMS' GAS and OIL KNGIN, successfully exhibited at all important shows ; hundreis in nee ; quick delivery; allsizes ; speciality Suction Gni Rnizinee and Gas Plants.—W. BATES & CO. (Lib.), Denton, Minehester. Tel. 60 Denton.

fl IS WORTH' Yotni WIfILJ t BUY YOUR LCBRI- CANTS DERRIP. RRLIANCE HIGH-CLASR NON- CORROSIVP Newest Pale In the wor'd ENGINE OIL. CYLTAIDPR OIL, 11,0., MACHINERY OIL, 141., SPINDLE OIL, 91.. GAS 1,41,71415 TR OIL, le. 64., DYNAMO OIL, le. CC per gallon ; in barrels, free end cerriage RELIANCE LUBRTOtTING grnL 00%4PkNY. 19 and 20, WatPr lane., Greet Tnwpr et., London Alen 99, (Irma Clyde st., Glasgow; I,San4 hl Newo3et,le-no- Tyn .

pATIf OPPIC et 0 if S R BESTABLTSII ED IN 1835. Messrs. GIIORGR DAVIRB & 907ir hare hew more than £0 years' personal experience in connection with this Rstahlish- ment.andpossess Dractioal knowledffe of the cotton,woollen an 4 iron manufactures.

" Self-help to the !few Patent Law," price 841. " 04,1onial and Iforsfsen Patent Laws. Price is. SHORTS DA.VIRS, & RON, Mak:

4. ST. ANN 9 SQUARE , BIABOHBEITEB.

QT. GIIOR4WS IRON WORKS. LIMITiID (late Oruierod) Grierson and 0o.), Hahne. Manchester, tare the Largest Assortment of WHRBL end PULLRY PATTgßfici in the trade. In addition have purchases all Wheel, Pulley and Tooth Block 'Patterns An., helnnglng to the late NenrY Wren and Co., Lundon.ruarl Iron Works, Vanchrtster, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright.and all kinds of Bngineering Work promptly —Catalogue9 of Wheels and Pulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: relegraphie address: Ormerod Grierson. Manchester."

===== 0002601_19070622_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
poultro, Ow, ett.

VOwL CORN, 7e. 6d , 10e. R-1., 12e, Rd. ;PI Food, 11 7e. Rd. and Poultry Meal, Bs. end 10e. per 2001be,— Romps AT Co 15, Owe piazzas. Liverpool. Mention paper.

_ r rURKRY 13GGS (ingznifioent amerleln Mammoth Bronze) now supply. 7.. 6d. doz. nnfertiles replaced safe delivery guerantAel.—M,*%. nARRIEI-WLLTON St. Oswald's rd.. West Brompton. No cards.

UGGS POR SITTING.—Por 12 years I have done my best VI to give satlefaction with mach success an again invite inspection of the following pure breeds : Ruff ani White Orpintstons, Barred Indian Game, Black Langshans, Partridge end Vs hite Wvandottes, Black, White and Brown Legborns. Black Minorca., Blue Andalusians, Hondans. Also Best crosses Mt laving and table fowl: Mandan and Buff Ornington, Houdan, White Leghorn, Black Lowborn and buff Orpington, all these 2s. Rd. nee sitting at, home. If packed and put nn rail, 3s. Also Indian Runner Duck eggs, Splendid Lavers 2s. 6d. per cinz. Pine White Aylesbury Duck eggs, 3s. ner doz., all these frn'rt the very best laving strains Please note the address, Tirrstar Dgicorn 205, Newton rd Lowton, near Newton-le-Willows, half mile fs•osn Lowtnn St Mary's gtation,and the Trams. .7n hqainesa Inue nu Sunday

===== 0002601_19070622_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
Vartnersbll3s, tugotegges.

PERSONS PURCHASTNui BUSTNMsSF'S eanlhe accprnnu-xiatarl with Capital at MAURICK AND On., 31, Cairo it., Warrlngton•

Do YOU WANT TO SRLL your Business P—lf somonsult Mr. CownELL, Business Agent, Leigh it., Warrington.

ZPLVINfITD Little GROMIRY 8iT919117341,33 in thriving 1.71 neighbourhood ; rent Bs. qd, nlear ; tedh and 0. water, le.; everything about £IS.—ComnELL, Business Agent, Legh et.

rIRANfIgrkTfONTRRY AfTSINTAI4S. srond ltvinr ; full T partieulars.—Cownri.x.. Rnsinegs 4.¢en. Lezh et.

f'fORN CHANDLWIS —Snit beginnets. £35. trgitin ‘..) fixtures, worth £RO.-17otm, Levton Green, Leyton.

-VOR SALH.—Rxnellent freehniti modern shop property. in Swanare.,-11;. Crißtrrelif MICRrn., Roseombe. Hants

REQUIRRT) PARTNlER.—HaDerieneed Candi ssn business , man wishes to meet vounct English Party prepared to invest £3OO or more. General merlhant business. in boom- western Canadian „ toem. Exoerience unnecessary ; enerov, push essential.—D. :VICUrrYRE. 2, Great Ormond st,, London. V? .C.

JOHN BROWN, 34, qOUTH. JOHN ET r•TVIIRPOOT, TIM. 179 Y CRNTRAL, HAS A VAIMITY OF FITTSIVRSSRVOI R&M) TO SUIT ALL CLASSICS OF 13171/14Rs.

liflotor Card, glutted, tgarrt'atxrd, etc

MIIAD74BIWRN'S Cvnle Ilasket-bnlffer, weighs 1 lb. carrleg 1 I 'wt.; fits baal4 et easily on any cycle, post free, 2s. 6d.— BaLLE Wig CYCLE Co., RaCtlesotte.

nvRR Manufactured TYfitilS to he ekared at half price, wired on. size Vi x it, ss, 91. post free ; money returned if not approved of. —.TILL & Ci.. Galway, Ireland.

fIYCLISI.9. No more Donetureg if you uge Antipuncture Pomier," 2s. per packet, or 38. 94, for two, one palket eufficient for one tyre ; post free on reeetpt, of poitgl order. —ANTIPUNCTURR DRPAT, 17 Harp lane. Lon,'ion, B.C.

FRlrm. 50,000 rider agents wanted. Reliance Worlds Beet rynlee, n.mplete with all iveeisories. Rasy terms 2.. weekly.—(T. 1-1), lane Rngineerinct Co. eyele Manufactnrerft, Livernoll, wholet.le flatalogne free.

elYCLß.—Advertiser, having bought Motor Cycle, has 1907 Rbsolutolv new Cycle to dispose of. medium frame. free wheel, two rim brakes heavily plate; en, plete with lamp, bell, pump. etc.; No nse to owner. £8 Bs. model; will cacrifice (or £4 46.—H !WILLARD, Dlnnington, Rotherham.

L 4 10%. eet ig .14h I(zi ifinreme r everythingfl yet e, ad we Ini Liverpool rgaor al hjeaend for 2 years : eomplete with lamp, hell, pump, hag and tools ; don't miss this great harzain.— NnRMINGTON, CITle StOres, St. James' Place (three cloors from Hill it., Liverpoo').

9-SPRBD COVRNTRY CYCLH, Stormey-Archer. anagnl- ficent machine, 2 Orabhe brakes. Clincher tyres, besuti- fully lined. mudginrie, ll ccessorier : al new ; not even coiled ; great barglin ; loweat £6 6e. ; approval willingly.— C. ttiktoit, St. Madge, Pitman rd., Weston-cuper-Idare,

-VEER —CYOLES. 6 500 guaranteed machines, new and 1: second-band, from 255. each; and Eadies in stock : accessories at half price: 100-page list free to all wholeree prices : eye-opener. 53 p.c. cheaper than others : agents wanted.- WARRILAw AND On., Weston-super-Mare.

T ADY'S SAFFlTY.—Hargain, as new, not soiled. Free Li wheel. silver-plated rims beautiful!) lined in gold ; era brake; high grade Coventry manhine ; hest pneumatic tyres ; celluloid Rear case ; all aecessoriea ; £4 Ina. lowest ; no use to owner; genuine ; apnroval willinglv.—K. STUcKfcr. "Oak Villa." Clarendon rd. weston-enuer-Mare.

elYol.l3.—Marvellous sacrifice ; Gent's new 1907 machine, highest grade. Clincher tyres, Crabbe roller lever front and back rim brakes ; very latest ; Perry's ball- bearing free-wh.el ; plated rims ; coloured centres ; black enamelled and lined frame; mod-gnarda ; magnificent machine ; not soiled clmplete, witn gas lamps, hell, pump, spanner, cite. ; £3 10s. ; great bargain ; worth double. Send on approval any distance before cash sent.—M. HouBE. St. Madge. Pitman rd., Weston-super-Vare.

(BNUIN 14 BARGAlN.—tient's High—grade 'COVlttirltY CYCLIC practseally as new, not soiled, very latest machine, silver-plated rime, New Departure free-wheel and Coasting Hub, two hmkes, mudguards, beautifully plate-d, and lined medium size frame; plated lamp, pump, bell, bag, spanner, •.!omplete ; sacrifice £4 ss. cash ; no wee to present owner; will send on approval.—G. BLACKNioRx, 8, Oxford it., Weston-SuPe,-Mare,

===== 0002601_19070622_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
NO TROUBLIC FOR

IRELAND

OH CYCLISTS WHO RIDE "WALTON" CYCLES.

WE AUE ACTUAL MAKERS, THEREVIRE CAN SAVE YOU

AGENTS' PROFITS.

What Is the use of a goarantea from make ss htincTreth of miles away Buy " WALTOIg," made on the spot, with a STAMPED GUARANTEE.

WORKS :-GREAT SANKEY

SHOWROOM :-SARKBY (TRAM TRRMINUS.)

===== 0002601_19070622_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
LARGE POSTERS

Plain or in two or more colours, are the most attractive that can be produced, and make a very bold and striking display on Hoardings and Walls.

TEA PARTIES, ANNOUNCHMIINTS DANORSz OONCHRTi. FAZA A Hs:. m BUTT NEl'

PROSPECTUSES AND BALANCE -SHEETS. CLUB RULES, PROGRAMMES, JOHN WALKER & CO., "EXAMINER" OFFICE, BEWSEY ST., WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MIMI

===== 0002601_19070622_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
2 MAKES THE McDOUGALL'S Paterlt SELF-RAISING FLOUR BEST PASTRY.

9-9 A

A Young Lady, Weak and 11l Through Anemia, Writes in

===== 0002601_19070622_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
Eloquent Terms of ms' Pink Pills

Week by week innumerable letters of praise and gratitude reach the proprietors of the world-famons medicine, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, to print all of which would be impossible in these columns. A typical example is the communication recently received from Miss A. E. Green, whose home is at 50, Highdown-road, Hove, Brighton.

She unhesitatingly states in simple and convincing terms that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills -n-ed her of Anremin with serious developments, which led to Indigestion in an acute form. This lady writes :

"I am at heart one of your very grateful patients ; indeed, I feel that 1 ought to have sent you years ago this testimonal in praise of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. I was as ill through Anemia as it was possible to be. As many people are aware (but some may not be), Anemia develops in various forms; with me it assumed a most painful form, viz.: acute indigestion. TERSE WERE Sometimes' would suffer but little

HER SYMPTOMS. for fairly long intervals, but then quite suddenly, and without an 7 apparent cause, attacks of shortness of breath and a 'fainting feeling accompanied by increasing weakness would warn me of an approaching relapse. Than dread- fnl pains Blithe chest and across the shoulders almost prostrated me, and after taking even a little light food, these bocame more acute, while an intense feeling of sickness made it almost impossible for me to retain any form of nourishment. No matter how csreful a diet I might select, the troubles returned. Often violent throbbing headaches afflicted me so that I could hardly lift my head. "But what Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have done for to my many friends can testify. I began to take thess during one exceptionally severe attack of Anwmin, end after a time was delighted at obtaining genuine relief. 'The improvement in me steadily continued, I felt bright and strong, and before long was a diffeaent being. I could enjoy meals and never suffer afterwards from Indigestion, took ont-dOor exercise, and long walks without the terrible feeling of exhaustion. My skin became clear and I was perfectly well. To-day I cannot say too much in favour of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills."

Yours gratefully, (Signed) Annie E. Green. Wasting away through sheer scarcity of blood is the deplorable state of debility to which thousands are drifting to-day, yet there is evidence on all sides-that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, by their wonderful power of supplying abundant Rich,Red Blood to starved veins, have cured repeatedly ih both sexes Arl Fern la. General Weakness, Indigestion, Eczema, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Neuralgia, St. Vitus' Dance, Paralysis; for Ladies' Ailments they are indispensable. Sold by all dealers, but see that you obtain the genuine pills (seven words as above), for substitutes never cure. If in doubt, send to the British Depot, 46, Holborn- viaduct, London, enclosing 2s. 9d. for one box, or 13s. 9d. six boxes. Write for an attractive pamphlet describing many cures, post free.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
PRISONER'S SUICIDE. - Tragedy in a Warrington Police Cell

The circumstances attending the suicide of Robert Leatherbarrow (63), 5, Howard's Place, were inquired into by Mr. S. Brighouse and a jury at the ‘Varrington Coroner's Court on Tuesday. It appears that at noon on Monday Leatherbarrow was arrested and detained at the Police Station on a charge of begging. He was locked up in a cell but pleading that he was suffering from a mild attack of diarrhtea he was allowed the run of the lavatory, corridor and exercise yard. Nothing ,untoward occurred , during the afternoon, but when in the evening P.C. Howard visited the cells with the prisoners' teas he found Leatherbarrow ii the lavatory, hanging, by the chain of the flushing tank. The chain was wrapped round his neck but was not tied in any way. He was at once taken down but life was extinct. Mr. Brighouse inquired carefully as to the cause of the arrest. The deceased was well known to the police. Why should he not have been taken horse instead of being arrested? He could understand a tramp or "Weary Willie" being locked up for begging. Superintendent Monaghan explained that Leather- barrow had been many times cautioned about begging and had been spoken to no later than Monday morning. Giving evidence as the cause of death—suffocation by ,hanging—Dr. Smith said he knew the deceased well. He had been a great nuisance because of his begging and people had complained. Mrs. Leatherbarrow explained that the deceased was a tanner but was not working, and had been greatly depressed. He had no occasion to beg as he had a good home and everything he wanted. Mr. Brighouse said he hoped it would not be thought that the police bad done anything which was not right. The deceased had apparently made himself a nuisance sod the police were therefore perfectly justified in taking him into custody. There was n great deal of absurd nonsense talked about the liberty of the subject, but the subject had no right to liberty if he was a nuisance or danger to the community at large. He thought the .police had done everything which could be expected of them.

A verdict of Suicide whilst of unsound mind "was returned.

THE LAND LAWS.-TWO MEN FINED FOR TRESPASS.

Ernest Marsh and William Pennington were summoned at Newton Sessions on Thursday last week for a game trespass on Mr. Collier's farm, Newton Common.—lr. Arthur Browne, prosecuting for Lord Newton, said these :two young men were seen by P.C. Simpson on a bank side with a dog, which they were helping to get into a rabbit burrow. Be fetched the farmer's son, and they together beard one of. the defendants say they had just missed a bonny rabbit.—P.C. Simpson gave evidence to that effect, which John James Collier confirmed.— Defendants said they were ratting—not rabbiting.—Lord Newton's beadkeeper said there was plenty of game About there. The defendants had no business there.— Fined 2s. 6d. and costs each.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Pioneers of the Red Cross Nurses.—The Queen's reference to Miss Florence Nightingale, in welcoming, the delegates to the International Red Cross Confer- ence recalls the fact that there is at least one other of the pioneer nurses of the Red Cross movement still amongst the living. This is a !tliss Doyle, who came from Carlow, in Ireland, and wont to Scutari under the charge of Miss Stanley. Miss Doyle is a Sister of Mercy, and is eighty-seven, or a little younger than Florence Nightingale. Ten veers ago she was received at Windsor Castle by Queen Victoria, who gave her the Royal Red Cross badge. The Seven Leading flostesses.—Mrs. George Corn- wallis West, the Lady Randolph Churchill, of former days, is a well-known writer on social topics, and has related for the benefit of American readers, some of her impressions of London Society. Few women could write with greater authority .on the subject, and among other details, Mrs. George Cornwallis West names the seven ladies whom she considers the most successful London hostesses. These are the Duchess of Devon- shire, the Duchess of Sutherland, the Duchess of Port- land, the Marchioness of Lansdowne, the Marchioness of Londonderry, the Countess of Jersey, and the Countess de Grey. Obviously Mrs. George Cornwallis West does not look for her hest hostesses amongst those who had only the butterfly existence of fashionable life. Those she names are all clever cultured women, who read and think, and possess an immense fund of general information. All are frequent entertainers of Royalty, and among the early country engagements of the King and Queen, is the proposed visit of their majesties to Lord ad Lady Lansdowne at Bowood this summer.

The Value of Pins.—One of the London fashion papers has been reminding us that the best dressed women rely much more upon pins than fastenings when getting into an alaborate gown. Undoubtedly they do, but then the majority of these fortunate individuals have a maid in attendance who thoroughly understands the art of "fixing up "her mistress, and making a success of the task. Those among us who have to dress and wait epon ourselves would do better to rely upon hooks and eyes, and buttons, and so make sure of a neat toilette though perhaps the effect may not be quite so good as it would have been had pins been skilfully employed. The Fashionable Fichu.—The rage for the fichu is tremendous and we may therefore reasonably conclude that it will not be long before leading dressmakers dis- card the idea. For wearing with very delicate dressy gowns the modish fichu is being built entirely of lace and chiffon, draped in becoming folds about the shoulders, the long ends being ornamented with soft ruches of the chiffon, and falls of the lace. The fichu, generally speaking is most becoming,and the individual bent upon bringing a last summer's frock up-to-date, should seize upon the notion. Pique Again.—Pique has put in an appearance again but the new toilettes are so trimmed as to render it inipossible for us to use the term " washing gowns "in connection with them. Silk, satin, taffeta, and braid in black or colours, are laid on, in the form of pipings and folds, and there is no question aboet the effect being exceptionally smart, but the woman with a small dress allowance will find a good linen so ornamented as to allow her making use of the home tub, and the home ironing-board the wiser choice. Transferring Braiding Patterns to Velvet.—When requiring to braid velvet, or any other material that cannot be stamped in the ordinary way, an excellent plan is to pin down the design to the fabric, and then prick the pattern over with a coarse pin. Fine powder should then be dusted over it, and when the paper is removed little dots of the powder will be found. By dabbing these dots with a tiny pad of cotton wool, they can be made to form a continuous line, which can be easily followed by the braider. A Hint for the Needlewoman.—Rhen working upon coarse linens, and cotton, the needle is very apt to run stiffly, and the cotton to break. The best procedure in such cases is to damp a piece of soap and rub it lightly alone the seam, when the difficulties described above will be found to have very nearly disappeared. Hair Dyes and Transformations.—lf the colour of our hair does not satisfy us, there is little doubt that it is better to rely< upon transformations than hair dyes, especially when the latter is applied by unskilled bands. In such cases, strange and undesirable hues all too often appear, and also lines and ridges where the last applica- tion has been allowed to flow too freely over the earlier one. And in choosing transformations, there is one point we should never overlook, and that is to select them in accordance with our age, remembering always that it is far better for the hair to be in advance of the, face, than the face to be in advance of the hair. So soon as the little tell-tale lines about the face and mouth begin to appear, a slight mingling of hair, just on the verge of losing its colour, should be added, and added again as time goes on, thereby rendering the " applied " hair much more difficult of detection, and very much more becoming than when the youthful aid all-over-the-same shades are strictly adhered to. The Medicine Habit.—There is a great number of people who find life's chief interest in taking medicine andindulging in all sorts of" cures," most of which are the merest quackery. To them Sir Frederick Treves indictment of the medicine habit will be as impalatable as it will be welcome to the inmates of the nursery,who will certainly not be backward in agreeing that all physic should be thrown to the dohs. But of course Sir Frederick Treves did not say or mean as much as has been assumed from the brief summary of his speech. What he did mean was, that health depended far more upon hygienic habits and proper sanitation' than in taking physic, and this stops short a long way from suggesting that all medicine is worthless. That this is the case with nine-tenths of what is swallowed by the public, is beyond all question, but then there are so many people, especially women, who are never happy unless taking a " tonic " or some nostrum or other, and it is to be feared they will be slow to act upon the advice to give up the medince habit. I The Women's Municipal Charter.—The Bill to enable women to sit as aldermen and councillors on County and Borough Councils, has revived all the usual argu- ments for and against women serving on public bodies., It is regarded as likely to promote the suffragist move- ment, and some even see in it the paving of the way to women sitting in Parliament and upon the Bench at Assizes. It does not seem likely that the Bill will be passed this Session in spite of the Government's inten- tions to this effect,but if it does it is not likely to lead to any of those results. Women are already eligible for election on boards of guardians, pariah councils and school boards, and if the ratepayera do not want women I on the larger Councils they would have simply to say I so, at the polling booths. In all probability it would be ' found that women are more disposed to be careful of the ratepayers; interests than men. In any case there is nothing very convincing in all the objections urged against their serving upon local public bodies, which, in many cases are not so perfect as to be impermeable of improvement. MADGE.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
RECIPROCITY.

A belated item, re the native disturbances in Natal The faithful "boy "had warned his mistress o$ the intended rising. " But you wouldn't kill me," she said " Oh, no, missie," Fe protested. "Me kill missie nex door. Boy next door he kill you."—" Sydney Bulletin.'

===== 0002601_19070622_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
The many Health Resorts and Beauty Spots in DEVONSHIRE• and the 'ea Nit. and , Country Sports Suns6ine CORNIsiI and Moorlands at at lisixikam, Carhis }Say, RIVIERA Ashburton, BBodovemyi,n, Dawlish, Exmouth, Brent, Falmouth, are within easy Buckfastleigh, Fowey, reach by Dousland, Helston, Ilfracombe, Liskeard, Kingsbridge, Lostwithiel, Land's End, t ELxuextuelry'an, Looe, ewlyn, Moreton, N Newquay, G. 111 Newton Abbot, Princetown, Paignton, Roche, Penzance, The balmy air of Torquay, St. Austell, • St. Agnes, Fowey, Falmouth &Penzance Tavistock, • St. Ives, —the superb bracing effects Tot-nes, • Salcombe, i of Paignton and Newquay are Wadebridge, , Torquay, alike especially appreciated Wrangaton. Teignmouth. 1 •by those in search of I . , Rest, Change I? Sunshine. , , ' The Superintendent of the Line, Pad- I Cheap Week-End dington Station, will send all paaticu- Express Services late upon application; aid upon re- , from , and ceipt of 3d. in stamps, will forward a • . Tourist Tickets. copy of either of the following Travel all parts , Books: i "Devon: The Shire of the Sea Kings." . "The Cornish Riviera: Our NationaJ Health . and Pleasure Resort." JAMES C. INGLIS, General Manager.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Satulday, June 22, 1907 WOMA N'S REALM. SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS. !THE BIBLE IN THE SCHOOLS. DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

NEW COIFFURE ORNABIENTE.

Tassels have even found their way into the realm of hair ornaments, and the newest idea, says a London paper, is to twist a thick rope of gold cord among the coils of the coiffure finished with a heavy tassel falling over the right ear, and depending almost to the shoulders. Another very popular hair decoration consists af chaplets of mottled laurel leaves laid one over the other with a cluster of realistic-looking cherries de- ?xinding from them on either side, and although in some cases flowers are substituted for the cherries, there is no denying that fruit in the realm of hair ornaments is considered to give far more cachet to the toilet. Japanese medlars with a chaplet of shaded blue velvet leaves or unripe plums supplemented with delicate silver foliage are very much appreciated in this connec- tion, these decorations being worn with almost any description of evening toilet without refer- ence to style or material.

ZEPHYR SUMMER FROCK.

Charmingly dainty and pretty is the little washing frock which forms the subject of our sketch. The Material in which it is achieved is a zephyr of good quality, patterned with a scarlet stripe upon a white ground. The bodice is made in pinafore style, and is cut on the cross, with a seam down the middle of the front, at which the stripes meet in a point. Over the shoulders come three wide tucks, which are shaped in slightly to- wards the waist. Round the top of the bodice,

3

2 . 4 , VA • :„vriyrrig / , ....„. I4'oo ts 64 i IteNW'gi , 011 A /04117 / 10 114 / etaIIiNIPINII•Sye, . 4xsti,;s:kroi- / 9010 ' 4wl,- tea I.lt 4, /

and edging the cape-like sleeves, are arranged bands of plain white linen, piped with blue, and machined at the edges. Beneath is worn a simple under-blouse of broderie anglaise made with three-quarter sleeves, which are finished with a, succession of small lace frills. The skirt is per-i fectly plain, and is cut with a seam down the front, the stripes being arranged diagonally like those on the bodice. A wide band of white linen, piped and stitched at the edges, ornaments the hem.

THE EGG-SHELL AS GAS MANTLE.

A gas mantle has recently been patentee in Germany in which the mantle itself con- sists of nothing more than egg-shell, this being, according .to the patent specification, particularly well suited for acetylene gas burners. The egg-shell, says the Engineer, is converted into a glowing state by means of the combustion of the gas inside, and is said to spread a pleasing and agreeable light.

- AIL

===== 0002601_19070622_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
A DAILY CONSTITUTIONAL,

There is hardly an instance of a long-lived man who has not been for the best part of his life a brisk walker, and for some reason or other has had to take exercise pretty well every day. Riding is all very well, and so are other exer- cises, but there is nothing like a good walk, de- clares the Queen, because it stimulates the blood and the muscles, and necessitates being in the open air. If those who complain of being stout would only think of this, and never omit a daily constitutional, they would be amply rewarded. It will keep them young, and their figures pre- sentable. It is so simple a remedy that no one heeds it; sitting about in the open air is all very well, and is far better than sitting in the house, but it does not keep you in good health. People who are bent on entering into the dissipations of the London season find it difficult to fit this walk in, but it is of the utmost importance that they should. It is all the more necessary when the late hours have been spent in hot stuffy rooms. It is quite another thing to over fatigue one- self. There is nothing better than to get into a healthy perspiration by walking. It is just like drinking a glass of cold water in the morning: it is so simple no one believes in it. This may not suit everybody, but those it does suit it will keep in health.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITE LINENVIIRT.

Quite original in s'yle is the smart little shirt blouse pictured in our sketch. A plain, firm white linen is the material in which the original was realised, but the same idea might be carried out with equal success in alrfiost any good wash- ing material, and in any colour which happened to suit the individual taste of the wearer. . The shirt fastens down the middle of the front with (our large buttons, and is firmly machined at the

Frona the neck tons bask a small cellar of embroidered linen, edged with ,a pleated frill of white lawn. On either side of the front come two wide tucks, firmly machined at the edges, from beneath which spring litie frills of 'the pleated lawn. A third stitched tuck runs over the shotaders, and is met below the bast by a buttuned tads, cat in one wit die frorrt. The sleeves are of three-quarter length, and are finished with turn-back cuffs eethroiderael and frilled to atetch the elitist-.

Q\'',-'----7--- ' . 4 ‘4l ' 4 k, /1 ' 4,,, 4. •.. ... 7. 40. A i . • "' ' )1)' (0..7 i ~• '7,1 . # ill *.egi , (/ 7/ i t' L\ \ ;14 i , \\ .. ,

===== 0002601_19070622_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTIES FOR THE MAWS.

As a ehange front the übiquitous WaYeb earls, those who are possessed of pretbily grow- ing wavy hair are wearing it, says the Terilea, is charming; Greek nodes loosely -twisted rather high upo* the heat In fair heir a blue 'abbe* twisted in the nodo and tied plainly roans' the head is charming for blue and green enamel fillets. Int dark hair a gold or pearl fillet is very effective or a simple band of tc.niato-red enamel. Hair is far less heavily weighted with combs now; only one or two at most should be seen, and those of beautiful workmanship or rare shell alone are suitable adornments to the head that is well coiffured. TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

BRAISED NECK OF VAL. —A neck of veal is made delicious .by braising, as follows: Take a neck of veal, two carrots sliced, one onion stuck with two cloves, one head of celery cut into halves, a bunch of mixed herbs, loz. of drip- ping, stock, seasoning to taste.. Trim the veal neatly, and wash and prepare the vegetables. Put the dripping into a braising-pan. When hot put in the vegetables and herbs. Put the on the top of these, and season with a little idt and pepper. Cook for about, fifteen minutes, _Luning the veal several times, them add enough stook just to cover the veal, and braise very slowlv for three hours. Take out the veal when tender, strain the stock, fre• it trom grease, and boil It down until it is reduced to half. Put the veal in the oven to brown, basting it% with the reduced stock for about fifteen minutes. Send up to table garnished with I reithiy -bailed Ming peak

===== 0002601_19070622_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
FEAR IN CHILDREN.

An examination of 1,500 children, made in America, shews that thunderstorms are by far the worst terror of childhood. After- wards, in the order set down, come snakes, strangers, darkness, fire, death, disease, wild animals, policemen, water, insects, and ghosts. In the fear of rats and mice girls exceed boys in the ratio of 75 to 16. In boys fear begins to diminish after the fifteenth year, in girls after the eighteenth.

A GAUGE OF AN ARTESIAN WELL. To calculate the rate of flow of an arte- sian well, says Technical Literature, a simple plan is to lower a bottle of aniline fluid to a depth of, say, 500 ft., and then elec- trically explode a cap to burst the bottle. The ,time required for the fluid to appear at the surface gives an accurate gauge as to the velocity of the flow. It is claimed that this method gives results as accurate as a weir. The diameter of tile pipe being known, the rate of flow readily follows.

PREHISTORIC CONSUMPTIVE FOUND. From the examination of a skeleton dis- covered at Heidelberg, in Germany, which experts inform us belongs to the stone age, Professor Barteis has been able to discover that consumption was in existence at that distant period. He found characteristic signs of the disease, among them the decay of the fourth and fifth dorsal vertebrae (bones of the spinal column), and their conjunction, in an osseous (bony) formation with the sixtht, a sure sign of the disease. Then he dis- covered a deviation 'of the spinal column, caused by the illness, another sign, which left the professor no doubt about the truth of his discovery.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
GLASS GRAVESTONES.

A company of glass-workers has discovered that ordinary plate-glass will make a more durable monument than the hardest marble or granite known to stonemasons. Glass is practically indestructible. Wind, rain, heat, and cold have their effect on the hardest rock; solid granite eventually crumbles away, and one can seldom read the inscrip- tion on a stone gravestone fifty years old. A glass stone will look as fresh a couple of cen- turies after its manufacture as on the day it was erected, and the inscription can be made ineffaceable. The thick plate-glass used to glaze the port-holes of steamers can resist the stormiest sea, and is practically unbreakable.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WITCHES' BROOMS ON TREES.

Among the objects which the leafless sea- son of the year makes conspicuous in our woods and hedgerows are certain dark, al- most globular agglomerations of small twigs on the boughs of many different kinds of trees, which at first sight look like birds. They are what are popularly known as witches' blooms or brooms. In the opinion of a writer in the Museum. Gazette, they are usually the results of some bygone disturb- ancs in the economy of a shoot-producing bud, which caused the bud to break up into several instead of continuing its onward growth as a single branch. The irritating in- fluence which produced this result was pro- bably applied at a very early period of the bud formation, while its development was but little advanced. Whether due to insect or fungal irritation these brooms are not in- fective to the rest of the tree, and do not cause decay, or injure the tree in any way beyond uselessly consuming a certain amount of sap. It is possible that some of the best " brooms " are caused by the attacks of 'cites which petsist in their occupancy and attack the spnng buds every succeeding year.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GROWTH OF RADIUM.

An important letter has appeared in Nature from Professor Rutherford as to ex- periments on the growth of radium in pre- parations of actinium. The rate of growth, he says, was found, to be uniform over a period of 120 days, and to agree closely with that observed in the solid preparation of ac- tinium which had been set aside for a period of two and a-half years. Another sample of actinium was then taken and successively precipitated with ammonium sulphide in order to remove the radium from the solu- tion. In this way a solution of actinium was obtained initially althost entirely free from radium.

By examination of the a-ray. activity it was found that the actinium after this chemical treatment contained an excess of radio-ac- tinium. This was .shewn by the rise of the activity to twice its initial value in about twenty. days, and then a gradual decay to a steady value. Special care was taken to measure accurately the RATE OF GROWTH dr RADIUM

at Elort intervals, to see whether it de- pended upon the variation of the activity. INTI such connection was observed, for the radium was • produced at a constant rate over the whole period of examination. In conclu- sion, Professor • '.Rutherford sums up by re- marking that while he intends to continue his experiments, it may now be safely con- cluded that in the ordinary commercial pre- parations of actinium there exists a new sub- stance which is slowly transformed into radium. This immediate parent of radium is chemically quite distinct from actinium and radium and their known products, and is capable of complete separation from them. It. is, however, not yet possible to decide de- finitely whether this parent substance is a final produot of the transformation of ac- tinium or net.. It is not improbable that it may prove to be the long-looked-for inter- mediate product of slow stransformation be- t.ween uranium X and mdicin, but with no elireet radio active connectibn with actinium.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOON AND THE PACIFIC.

In Harper's 2:l4.agaeihe for June there ap- peared a striking article from the pen af Professor W. H. Pickering, tht well-known Aracrienn astronomer. Sir G. H. Darwin discovered, twenty-eight years ago, that. this moon was in all probability origioally a por- tion of the earth, which . was detachNl from the surface of our planet owing to its rapid rotation millions of years ago. This rotation —which was performed in a period of be- tween three and tiro hours was so rapid that the earth split in two, and one-half was driven kora its surface to form the moon. Professor Pickering gocs a step further, and attempts to fix the Fortion of otzr planet from which the moon Was detached. He fixes on the bed of the Pacific Ocean as the place from which the moon was lined into space.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
How IT HAPPENED

Prolessor Pickering describes the memea- tops event in these words: "As the part of the earth's crust near the present islands began to riSe, in obediexee to the centrifugal force developed ~by the earth's rotation, the crust on the opposite side cracked and split in two. Before the crack could widen more than 2,000 miles, the pull became so intense that a huge, roughly - circular piece, forming three-qUarters of the earth's whole crust, was taken out of the. middle and carried eway to form the moon." He finds the ave- rage ,density of the vmoon to be nearly the same as that of the earth's surface, and this is further evidence that the ma:terials now forming the moon once filled the bed of the Pacific. Professor Pickering .points out that if the moon had never been formed at all, or if i; had carried away. the whole of the ter- restrial crust, our earth would then have been completely enveloped in its oceans. "Our race could then hardly have advanced beond the 'intelligence of the present deep. IC& fish."

===== 0002601_19070622_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
Education Committee Approve Religious Instruction Syllabus.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Education Committee wls held at the Town Hall on Monday evening under the presidency of Councillor Fulton Smith. There were also present :—The Mayor, Alder- men Bennett, Evans and Tinnion,Councillors Wilkinson, Ball, Pemberton, Sankey, Neild, Steel, Dickinson,Toole, Ellison, Revs. Canon Morley Stevenson, J. Davies, and John Yonge, Miss Williams, Messrs. H. Roberts, R. T. Fairolough, A. J. Jolley, C. E. Parker, E. Plinston, T. P. Bradshaw, G. Walker, C. S.. Burgess, J. Upson, C. Unsworth, J. Moore Murray (director), and R. B. Roberts (assistant director).

===== 0002601_19070622_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PETER'S SCHOOL.

A letter Wag read stating theta meeting of aubscribers to the above sohool Messrs. Joseph Bamforth, R. Higham and P. Edgar were elected foundation managers.

THE LATE MR. L. W. REYNOLDS.

Mrs. Reynolds wrote expressing her sincere thanks for the kind sympathy shown to her by the Committee in her bereavement.

ASSOCIATION OF EDUCATION COMMITTEES.

An intaresting report was presented by the repre- sentatives to the annual meeting of the Association of Education Committees recently held in London. Among the matters dealt with was the following : The Conference resolved to make strong representations to che Board of Edueation pointing out the loss of Income to Local Authorities owing to diminished school attendance arising from infections and other diseases. This is a matter which intimately concerns us. Owing to the closer relationship between the Health Department and the Education Committee, more efficiency is obtained and many children are rightly excluded from school on account of sickness or con- tact with infectious or other diseases but under the present conditions the more vigilant the Local Authority is in endeavouring to prevent the spread of disease the more severely it has to suffer by loss of grant.and it is hoped that some alteration will soon be made whereby duly authenticated cases may be counted tor the average attendance. Commenting upon the report, the CHAIRMAN expressed the hope that they would be successful in their endeavours to force the Board of Education to move the wheels a little more quickly than they had been doing in the past. A REQUEST TO THE BOROUGH MEMBER.

The Finance Committee resolved to recommend that the local Member of Parliament (Hr. A. H. Crosfield) be requested to support a motion which is shortly to be proposed in Parliament with a view to inducing the Government to sanction a longer period than 30 years for the repayment of loans for the erection of school buildings.

Mr. JOLLEY moved the adoption of the minutes, Councillor WILKINSON seconded, and the minutes were passed. THE BIBLE IN COUNCIL SCHOOLS. SYLLABUS APPROVED.

The School Management Committee submitted for approve!" general regulations respecting Bible instruc- tion and religious observances in Council schools." Amongst the various regulations were the following: —That the Bible shall be read, and explanations and instructions given therefrom in the principles of Christian religion and of morality as are suited to the capacities of the children. No attempt shall be made either to detach children from, or to attach them twiny particular denomination. The first half-hour of every morning, and the last five or ten minutes of every afternoon's session of school shall be devoted to Buell observances and instruction. In the event of any parent or guardian objecting to his or her child being present during the time of religious instruction, the child must be withdrawn and receive instruction in secular subjects in a separate room. Canon Stevenson not having arrived at this stage of the proceedings, the confirmation of the minutes was moved by Mr. UPSON and seconded by Councillor PAMBEIBTON.

Councillor BALL moved that the minute approving the religious syllabus be not confirmed. He said he hoped he would be able to rely with all modesty and humility of spirit on his record of service in religious work to absolve him from any charge of irreligion or disregard of religious interests in the matter. It had been tried for many years to evolve a scheme of religious instruction that would not give offence to any particular partisan and hitherto all attempts had failed. With all due respect to the present syllabus, which he thought was an admirable one of its sort, he feared there would he openings left for sectarian dissatisfaction and they would have the same old trouble recurring in the schools that they had had for so long past. It might easily happen, because the teacher was not asked to simply read the Bible, give out a hymn, or lead in prayer,but he was asked to explain the Bible selections. When they entered into explanations they immediately entered on a system of denominational and sectarian interpretation of the Bible and the characters therein. Ittwould probably happen that if by any chance a number of Church teachers were in a Council school they would have a Nonconformist sectarian objecting and thinking that a bias of the wrong sort was being given to the teaching. On the other hand if the majority of teachers were Nonconformists, members of the Church of England would probably be raising a similar objection. Teaching of a similar nature and also of a more denominational character had been given in the schools for a long time and yet they found the results as regarded the lives of the people as a whole were not to be compared with the amount of time and energy expended on the teaching. Their ministers deplored to-day the lack of religion among the mass of the people, their indiffer- ence to Church worship and religious observance generally, and if the result of past teaching was so paltry he did not see why they should run the risk of creating sectarian strife for such a small result. It also seemed to him that they were indirectly putting a certain amount of religious test on the teachers if they were to be asked to teach any kind of religion, no matter how simple. There would probably remain a number of teachers upon whom religion had no claim whatever from intellectual and other reasons. He did not think teachers as a body were any more capable of teaching the truths of religion than an outsider generally was. He objected to any paid religious service that was not supplemented by a natural spiritual call because he believed that the teaching, to be of any force in the lives of the children, must be helped forward by a natural spiritual i impulse n the teachers. The mere teaching of religion as an ordinary part of the school curriculuua would not, he feared, have anything like the religious and good effect they wished it to have. Mr. PLINSTON seconded the amendment. Mr. 11. ROBERTS said that so far as the spirit in which Mr. Ball had moved the amendment was concerned, he had not the slightest fault to find with it. In matter and manner he had put the case excellently, and he (Mr. Roberts) would be largely disposed to agree with him in principle, but he did not agree with the deductions Mr. Ball had made from certain facts. He (Mr. Roberts) I did not agree that because clergymen and ministers were largely bemoaning the fact that attendance at ' church and chapel was not what they would like it to be and what, judging by the • percentages it used to be years ago, that therefore it was necessarily any direct evidence of the spread of irreligion amongst the people. To his mind the country was far more more Christian to-day than over it had been in its histor).. as shown perhaps by less theoretical but by far more numerous instances of practical Christianity. He attributed that very largely to the inculcation of real religion among the children, from whatever source. He hoped the time would come when they would agree that it was not the part of the duty of the State, either through schools or any other instrumentality, to teach religion, but that time was not yet. A Nonconformist, he was in entire sympathy with a large proportion of the arguments used by Councillor Ball, hut he would prefer the principles of religion being taught,as they would be, by secularly-minded men to a certain extent rather tl.4an not taught at all. He had the highest regard for the teachers of the schools en masse at men and women of high character, and he did not think they would by their method of treating, the matter secularize the religious teaching. He did not object to the teaching of denominational religion in schools privately provided and at the expense of the denominations, but he did object to the State lending any aid to the teaching of religion of a dogmatic or sectarian character, and in their Council sohools they could avoid that danger if they cared to do so. If they could incalculate in the children a higher sense of duty I to themselves and to the State and the district in which they lived they would be better citizens, better fathers i and mothers:

The Rev. CANON STEVIIVSON said that as the chairman of the School Management Committee, he was largely responsible for the drawing up of the syllabus. He associated himself with what had been said by Mr. Roberts as to the spirit in which Councillor Ball had spoken. From his point of view Councillor Ball had put his case as nicely and as clearly as it could be put, and he vgreed to a large extent with what he had said, as Nvoll as with nearly all that had been said by the previous speaker. He had no brief for the kind of religious teaching given In the Council school. He wished to see every child taught what his parents wished him or her to be taught. They had a certain law and they had to work loyally to it. The law permitted a certain amount of religious teaching to be given in the Council schools ard the question was" Shall we avail ourselves of it, shall we make that religious teaching as good as it can be made or cut the whole thing out

and have none at all ?" When he put that question to himself he could only find one answer. He looked at many of the homes of the children and he knew, as they all knew,that if they were to trust to the amount of religious teaching they would get those homes it would be lamentably little if any at all ; and he for one because he could not get all he should like to get, was not going to shut the door to such religious teaching as might be given. If the committee passed the scheme before them he should endeavour to see that the religious teaching was given in the best possible way. With reference to the remark which had been made about the teachers, he thought it would be airaitted that he (Canon Steven- son) had had considerable experience of them. They valued the ,privilege of being able to give such lessons as might inculcate in the children a higher sense of duty and some elementary knowledge of the great principles of the Christian religion, as well as to instil into them some love for the Lord Jesus Christ. The influence of religious teaching throughout the land had been of inoalculable value, and it would not be wise to deprive themselves of it. It had been said that not so many , people went to church or chapel now. That was a coin- plex question. There were many causes to be con- sidered, but if what had been said was true about the attendance, was it not all the more necessary to try to bring religious influences to bear upon the young whilst they could be moulded? (Hear, hear.) Mr. PARKBR said the principal danger to the State was that children should grow up to be immoral or without any morals, and it seemed, therefore, to be necessary for the State to safeguard itself in regard to the morality of the children. And, osier as they knew , there was nothing from which morality could derive its ' strength and purpose better than a belief in the Great Father and a knowledge of the revelation of Himself in His Son. Therefore it seemed to him that it was the duty of the State to teach children morality. Believing as he did, and the majority they represented believing it, that ethical teaching had not force unless backed up by a belief in the elements of their common religion, it seemed to him to be the duty of the State —and they represented a section of it—to teach religion i and in the simple form incorporated in the syllabus , before thetn. He did not think Councillor Ball need ' fear sectarian differences. There would always be a few people to disagree with things, but for the sake of the small minority who would disagree with minute points would it be right to eliminate the most impor- tant points? There were people who would object to anything. (Laughter.) He hoped the committee would approve the syllabus, beoanse he believed it repre- sented what the great majority of the people in the town, whether closely associated with religious teach- ing or not, desired their children should be taught. Mr. PLISSTON was afraid the Committee themselves considered there might be something farcical about the religious teaching or they would not have appended the note about it being given in a reverent spirit. He did not believe in a religion driven home at the point of the cane. (Laughter.) Gentlemen might smile, but , too often it had been done, and he believed it was being I done to-day. Mr. LTrsoN said that with much Couneillor Ball had , said he most cordially agreed, and he had only risen to say one thing, and that was that theoretically while it looked probable that a sectarian colour would be given by teachers in the interpretation of the Word of God his teaching experience had proved just the contrary. They had had over 34 years of the Board schools and he did not know that a charge bad ever been brought against the teachers of giving teaching of a sectarian colour. If Councillor Ball would believe him, it was a I marvel to him that there was so little sectarian dispute, ' so little trouble over religious matters in the schools. (Hoar, hear.) He attributed that entirely to the tact I aid wisdom of the teachers entrusted with the giving of the religious instruction. He Wrii referring particu- larly to the Voluntary schools. Many thousands of Nonconformist parents sent their children, sometimes of necessity, to church schools, and they had no objec- tion at all to the teaching given because of the wisdom , of the man or woman who imparted the instruction, and if the rev, gentlemen would forgive him he would say that if they would all keep out of the way and leave it to the parents and teachers there would be no religious difficulty whatever. (Laughter.) Religious instruction was being given in a thoroughly serious and reverent spirit, and he thought the note at the end of the instruc- tion 3. might be withdrawn..

Alderrican BENTSBTT said he could not see any serious objection to the admirable syllabus which had been , prepared. Personally, he found it somewhat difficult to believe in the existence of a secular teacher. He did not think it was possible for anyone to be absolutely secular unless he was an absolute machine. There was so much in this world that was mysterious and awe- inspiring that he could not imagine any teacher being wholly secular, and who could understand the beautiful i Hnglish of the Bible without treating the book with a ; certain amount of respect. It would bean incalculable ; loss if they were to banish this kind of teaching from the schools. They devoted enormous time and atten- tion and spent enormous sums of money in teaching things which were not so important. He thought one reason why people were ceasing to go to church was that they thoupt they could understand Christ's teach- info better without the ecclesiastical interpretations I super-imposed upon it. Those who objected to the I teaching of the Bible were really in such a small I minority that they were almost a negligible quantity. ' He did not think it was fair because of a small minority that the vast majority should be overlooked. Mr. JOLLBY said if the amendment were carried it I meant that the Bible was to be excluded Isom the , Council schools. Any policy which would lead to the exclusion of the Bible from the elementary schools of the country would be, in his opinion, reactionary and gravely injurious. Alderman TINNION supported the minutes. He said they might congratulate themselves in Warrington that. sectarian differences had been conspicuous by their absence. He thought the syllabus was a very happy compromise, and they could try it for twelve months. I It was the first Council school in which religions instruction was to be given under the direction of the ; Hducation Committee, and they could make this an , experiment. The conditions were in his opinion fair ; all round.

The Rev. JOHN YOWOIII said he had been asked by several people who drew the syllabus up, and they looked at him as if they thought he had. (Laughter.) He was in absolute ignorance on the question, but it had been dispelled by the candid acknowledgment made by Canon Stevenson that he had had the honour of drawing up the syllabus. Canon STIvENSON said he would not take an honour that did not belong to him. He said he was largely responsible for the syllabus as chairman of the sub- committee. It really was composed from syllabuses submitted from other places. He did not want credit for what he had not done.

The Rev. JOHN YONGX said he thought it was an admirable syllabus, and he hoped it would find its way into the curriculum of Wycliffe School—but that was a pious hope. He asked whether—seeing that the ques- tion of education was in Parliament and that they were promised a measure next session that was to deal in the most complete manner with the whole matter—it would not be wise to let that matter be hung up until they knew what the national scheme was likely to he. He did not know that they would lose naneh by that, and they might avoid the necessity of striking out the resolution which might be carried that night. If he (Mr. Yonge) were driven to vote upon the question whether the introduction of this syllabus was a right and proper thing to do in face of strong Nonconformist objection, he would vote with his Nonconformist friends. He would do so with exceeding great regret, because he could not conceive that it would work mischievously for the children concerned. One of their strong Nonconformist principles was that the State ought not to have anything to do with the teaching of religion as a State, and he would have to vote on that prinniple. He had hoped the syllabus might have passed through, and that they might have seen how it would work. He had been informed that the working of this kind of thing had been eminently successful in various parts of the country. The Rev. JAMAS DAVIIN pointed out that if the parents of any child did not wista that religious instruc- tion should be given, that child could be withdraws from the lesson and given some secelar subject. There were thousands who desired religions instruction to be given. and if the amendment were passed they could not have it. if religious instruction was withdrawn they were putting a ban upon the Bible, and it would bring discredit on the town. He suggested that the amend- ment should be withdrawn.

Councillor PEMBERTON supported the minutes on the same grounds as Alderman Bennett. It would be deplorable, he said, if sorsa religious teaching was not given. They had too little charity in this world, and too little of the practice of Christianity. Councillor TOOLE said in the Catholic sch3ols it had always been religion first and last, and he hoped it wonld always be so in all their schools, no matter the denomination. If he had to send his own children to the Council school, he would be in favour of this syllabus rather than that no religion should be taught— (hear, hear)—although perhaps there were some things he might not agree with. He hoped religion would Rot be driven out of the schools.

The CrrAirtmAN- vs-ilid-pernally he would he sorry if there was any withdrawal of religion from the sch3ols. Education was not complete witnout a good reli4ioue training.

For the ainendmont only three voted (lr. Ball. Mr. Plinston, and the Rev. John Yonge), rd it was 16st by an overwhelming majority. LOCAL EXAMINATTON RESULTS. _ DELAY IN PUBLTCATION.

Mr. PLINSTON called attention to the minute:—" The result of the losel examination recently held for the admission of pupil teachers was submitted, and it was resolved that the same be forwarded to the Board ot Education for their approval." He would like some information, he said, as to how it was possible for a number of reports to he circulated about Warrington with regard to the results. Some children could be told as to whether they had passed or failed. A num- ber of people had approached him as to whether he know anything about the results. He told them he knew nothirg. Several members had also been asked the same question and had not bean ablo to answer it. He was surprised to find a resolution so termed in face of the information that had been spread round the town about the results. He thought that it' this had been done in a surreptitious manner by a member who had got knowledge it was most deplorable and he hoped it would be stopped. Mr. UPSON said he had told several persons what

the result of the examination had been. There was no secrecy about tho matter. The result of the examina- tion was presented to the committee, and was known to the members. The fact that it had to go to the Board of Education mattered nothing. Parents wrote to him and came to see him, anxiously imploring to know whether their children had passed or failed. Why should he play the mystery man because the list had been sent to the Board of Education for an office boy to look at ? (Laughter). After further discussion, Canon STIWENSON said they were not responsible for the long delay, nor had they any means to suppose there would be such delay. He thought he could undertake to say that they would in such circumstances be glad to make the list public, with a reservation that it was subject to the approval of the Board of Education.

PAYMENT OF SCHOOL-KEEPERS' WAGES. MR. A. J. JOLLEY'S INSINUATIO N.

Mr. T. P. BQADSHINT moved :—" That it be an instruction to the Finance Sub-committee to arrange for the wages of school-keepers to be paid on Friday afternoon instead of Monday as at present." He under- stood that in August last 15 out of 115 male school- keepers sent in a petition with a view to getting their wages paid on Saturday instead of Monday, but the Finance Sub-committee could not conveniently make the alteration. He (Mr. Bradshaw) now found that if a change was to be made Friday was a better day than Saturday for the wages to be paid. If the wages were paid on Friday the money would be better utilized for household purposes than it would on a Monday, because Saturday was market day and things were cheaper. He understood that the school-keepers dated the receipts for wages Saturday even though they were paid on a Monday. Councillor PI3MBERTON seconded. Mr. JOLLIET said if the resolution was passed it meant that the school-keepers would have to forego their wages for a week. If the matter was brought torward in another form and in the proper spirit it would have attention. In its present form it looked like a vulgar dodge to got a cheap bit of popularity at the ratepayers' expense.___ _

.oouncillor PEMBRREON (warmly) : It is not a vulgar dodge,and I strongly resent it. Those are very improper remarks.

r. PLINSTON also took exception to Mr. Jolley's attempts to put down individual members of the com- mittee. Mr. Jolley had on many occasions attempted to stigmatize the action of members of that authority as being improper. He must be an expert at dodgery if he supposed dodgery was at the root of the resolution. Whether they differed from Mr. Jolley or not he (Mr. Plinston) believed the members came there to do their duty. gr. Jolley attempted to put down prople's throats wrong motives and be (Mr. Plinston) resented it, and hoped that when such attacks were made again the Chairman would call Mr.Jolley to order. Counoillor STEHL said he was sorry Mr. Jolley had broached the matter with such warmth. Personally,he saw no difficulty for the sub-committee to apportion a week's wages, and say the school-keepers should be paid up to Friday for the first week, and then weekly from Friday to Friday afterwards. Councillor NIELD expressed a similiar opinion as to the adjustment of the wages. Mr. BRADSII.A.W said there was no need to reply after the remarks of the Chairman of the " intelligence department."

The motion was then carried without opposition.

, ,- . . , • .__ _ _ • -. e • • •-2,1 . , /"...7 , 1 .............. \ _ ••••/..:".. -::: 7/vvv'' -. , ....... , . ... ....,....t.• „.• The unique and inch.pensable home remedy for throat and chest iroubles.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
ECZEMA AND POISONED BLOOD Treated in Three Hospitals. Cured at last by VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC.

The following sworn declaration as to the wonderful efficacy of Veno's Seaweed Tonic in a severe case of eczema and poisoned blood is interesting.

" I, George Albert Gough, of the Prince of Wales Inn, Middle Row, Wolverhampton, make oath and say that for many years I suffered intense agony from eczema and poisoned blood. went over to America, and while there suffered so badly that my uncle had to strap me down in bed. I was like a madman, and used to scratch pieces out of my flesh. At last I eat a little better and returned to my home at Wolverhampton, but I had not been back two weeks when it came on worse than ever.

I have been treated since then in three different hospitals. and in each case turned out uncured. Doctors could do me no good, and my hands and face were a mass of sores and blotches. 'About four years ago I got a sample of Veno's Seaweed Tonic, and found that the first two or three doses relieved me a little. I began then to take it regularly, and soon the sores and blotches on my hands, face, and body disappeared entirely, and since I stopped taking it (four years ago) I have had no retern of he eczema.

"G. A GOUGH."

Sworn at Wolverhampton. this x4/4 06, before me. H. WOODROFFE HILL, (Commissioner for Oaths),

For all skin and blood diseases, Veno's Seaweed Tonic is the safest and most powerful remedy known. It clues the worst cases of indigestion, torpid liver flatulence, priins in the hack, hea&che, kidney trouble, bad blood, and female weakness, and is especially good for chronic constipation. Price Is. lid. and 2s. 9d., of all chemists. For all-round purity and poteacy there is not its equal anywhere.

STeeKTAKING SALE PIANOS AND ORGANS, NEW AND SECONDHAND, BARGAINS. MUST BE CLEARED THIS MONIII.

C) GUINEAS.—PIIIO, mahogany case, suitable for a beginner. 7 GUINEAS.—PIA NO. rosewood case, ivory keys, Metzler and Co. 9 GUINEAS.—PIANO by London maker, handsome Rose- wood case. ivory keys. 14 GLTINEAS.—PIANO, by Oettmaa and Pluntb ; ckoice inlaid panel. 16 GUI MEAS.—PLANO, in beautiful walnut case, starqueteric panel, full trichord, iron frame. A marvel. 18 GUINEAS —Overstrung PIA NETTE. by Van Gruisen and Son ; choire walnut case, worth lo guineas. 4 GUI NEAS. —Walnut HARMONILTM, by Schiedmayer ; 5 stops and swell. 6 GUINEAS.—ORGAN t:it-class condition; stops and swell ; was r 5 guineas 12 GUlNEAS.—Packard ORGAN, canopy tcp, TO StOPSt SCS, 2 swells. EASY TERMS ARRANGED. MANY OTHER CHEAP LINES IN STOCK.

RICHMOND JONES & SONS, THE PIANO STORES, 11_& 13 Berry St., LIVERPOOL.

Top of BOLD -ST,)

===== 0002601_19070622_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
IND A s

d 2%1i nd ./anlesal /14 arr Joinjse

(311 lb° Ur —vern. oi o 0,4125 el —ari thtel „43,74 Arincip

===== 0002601_19070622_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070622_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 22, 1907.

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]'

"At least you are not ping away to-multrow ?" "No, not to-morrow." "Then we shall meet again," he said, decisively. _ _

Clare smiled. She called her dogs, and with a 'ittle friendly nod departed. The young map remained standing by the stile for some minutes after her departure. Though he was an artist he pulled out no sketch-book, nor did he open a paint-box, but he just drank in thirstily all the beauty of te eminently English scene—the soft, dewy atmosphere; the sweet earth smell; the pale blue sky, where little white clouds raced airily along. The song of the lark overhead filled him with divine pleasure. He opened his mouth and inhaled great breaths, of the pure air. Then at last he turned away. "Ah, it is good," he murmured—"very good!" as he strode quickTy down the hill. - Clare met her new friend several times after that.. Occasionally they walked together, always they talked, unconventionally, pleasantly, at random. Such random talks are worth centuries of average drawing-room conversation—yet how rare they are! The artist was an episode in her life, and must always remain so. He told her he was going away soon on business, that he had only come to the village to look round, to prospect, as he called it, to make sketches. He would return but not just yet. Then Clare told him her story; how the odious new American landlord intended to turn them out of house and home, and how bitterly her mother felt it. Ho listened with the deepest interest, scarcely moving a muscle, almost impassive, but keeping his eyes fixed on her bright, ever-changing face. "Do you really think he knows," he asked once, "how much misery he is causing ? "

"Of course. Rich men think of nothing but themselves and their own pleasures. No doubt he wants our house for his gardener or his steward; or perhaps he will build new cast-iron stables, or a set of hideous flats over the dear old garden." "I should hardly think that," said the artist, quietly. "After all, even if he is net a man of taste himself (and I grant you these self-made men rarely are), yet he will probably have some competent person to advise him." "Ah, if he only had you ! " sighed Clare. "But that is impossible." "Quite impossible. How could I advise a vulgar millionaire? I suppose he is vulgar ? " "Of course. Why should he want to come here, to this quiet, out-of-the-way place? He could have as much of the things that suited him —of London dust and noise and motors—as he wished, elsewhere." "Suppose he was tired of dust and noise and motors—suppose it was just rest he wanted ? " "Oh, no, that kind of man hates rest. They say business men die when they go out of harness." Clare thought of her father, and a half- suppressed sob rose in her throat. "Perhaps, then, he will die and you will stay on." lie gave her a quick, pathetic look. "That would be the best way out of the dilemma."

The artist went. Clare, in spite of herself, missed him terribly. She had grown to want those long irresponsible talks, brightened by the ;artist's rare smiles and his marvellous appreciation. June passed in glorious majesty. Nights of clear starlight succeeded balhly sunshiny days, when it became a pleasure just to exist, to sit and bask like a cat in the still warm garden among the roses and jasmine. Had it not been for the aching care at the back of her thoughts Clare would have been happy. As it was, when July came, and the weather grew more sultry, she abandoned the gay morning expeditions. The very dogs lost their spirits. They mooned about languidly,and lay all day in the shade with rosy tongues lolling out of their mouths and their sides heaving uncomfortably. Mrs. Findon pored over lists of furniture and registers of houses to let. Where to live became the burning question of the hour. Clare hated the idea of a suburban villa; she hated still more the idea of a small house in some mean street where the milk- cans hang on the area railings, and the half- starved cats slink furtively round the corner. Mrs. Findon pined for town. It would be more cheerful she thought in the winter, Clare could see a little company, and people would drop in to tea. Clare knew what kind of people drop in to tea with a widow in straitened circumstances living in a row of houses, each house with its short white muslin blinds, its pot of mignonette or red geraniums on the window-sill, and the washing hanging out in the back garden. She shuddered. The Laurels, with its humble rent, was at least old and homely, and savoured of none of-the sordid details of real poverty. But now—in the new London life there would be no room for dogs—even they must go. At that thought Clare felt a deadly sickness at heart. They had been her dumb, patieut, loving friends; they had romped with her, rejoiced with her; hung lovingly on her kind words, and licked her hands. No! there was no real friend like a dog. Even the artist had forsaken her. He had promised to return, he had promised to write, and he had done neither—and she did not even know his name! It was August, and the time of their quitting close at hand. Already the house was being dig,- mantled. Packing-cases littered the floor; book- shelves gaped in dreary emptiness; pictures were torn ruthlessly from the faded walls; a miserable noise of hammering and sense of discomfort reigned in the serene quiet of the peaceful old house. The neighbours shewed their kindness; the doctor's wife brought some powders her husband recommended to purify the doubtful London drinking water; the clergyman advised as to the storing and removal of furniture; the little old-maid district visitor, Miss Letitia Crisp, offered her services in the timid manner of the hopeless spinster; and now at last the garrulous banker appeared with a real piece of news. "Mr. Cyrus P. Andrews, the new landlord, has arrived," he said. "There's a chance for you Mrs. Findon, to see him before you go." "What good will that do me ? " the widow asked. She had grown calmer and more querulous with all the worry of packing. "He will bespatter us with the mud of his fine carriage, and sicken us with the sight of his money." "You might perhaps obtain an extension of your lease," suggested the good-natured banker. "Who knows, if Miss Clare will ask him, he might consent ! " "Do you think I would let my daughter ask a favour of such a man, a man who has probably robbed the orphan and the, widow all his life, and has fattened on their prayers and their misery? Never 1" "It is not so bad as that, I am sure."

"Besides, he knows we want to stay. I wrote to his solicitor and prayed for an extension of lease, and he never even answered. He is doing it on purpose to spite us. We are only poor helpless women." Oh! mother dear," put in Clare, "I don't believe that. He probably knows nothing about it, and leaves it all to the solicitor." Mrs. Findon leant back obstinately in her chair, and the discussion ended, but Clare pondered over it in the solitude of her own room. The banker was right. Why should she not plead with this new obdurate American landlord? No harm could come and perhaps some good might ensue. Her pride was pretty well mated now, and if he did refuse her, even rudely, why hard words break no bones. So next day she dressed herself nicely, but plainly, and without a word to her mother, leaving the dogs behind, she started. to walk to the Manor House. A short drive led up to the beautiful old Queen Anne building, enclosed in its grassy, well-timbered park, and with the wide flight of steps branching out as in some old French mansion" on each side of the entrance door. Clare rang the bell nervously. It was answered by a quiet, respectable old man- servant, who replied that Mr. Andrews was at 'home, but he did not know if his master would receive visitors. Clare tendered him her card. The servant led her upstairs and bade her wait in a large' painted hall, with black-and-white marble floor. Clare looked round curiously. -So this was the millionaire's home, stately and in perfect taste, the primitive furniture fine and solid, no frippery or gilding marring the perfect harmony of the high, white chimney-piece reaching to the ceiling, or the splendid painted ceiling itself. The man who lived here could be no common, self-made man; the very curtains of a deep rich sombre red shewed unerring taste and propriety. Clare began to 'doubt. Perhaps, after all, he might be amenable to reason—he might understand what it cost her to leave her quaint and simple home.

i The servant re-entering said, respectfully: "Mr. Andrews will see you, miss, in his study. Please to steo this way_ Clare followed down a couple of winding passages, up a few stairs, through a red-baize door into a panelled room, where at a large writing-table covered with papera Bat a man, who rose at her entrance.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKERS' TESTIMOC\N

Lost 24 Weeks'

A WPNDEFI'S GREAT CURE.

Miss Jane Kay, of 8, Burnaby-street, Bolton. writes :—" I have great pleasure in writing to tell you Of the wonderful benefit I have received from Dr. Cassell's Tablets. I suffered terribly front Neurasthenia and Nervous Debility. My nerves were in a dreadful state, quite wrecked, and my strength and system generally very run down in consequence. I was unable to follow my employment, being so bad, and lost 24 weeks' work. "I was in despair what to do when I heard about Dr. Cassell's Tablets, and on taking them found an immediate improvement in my health. My strength gradually returned, my nerves became invigorated. and my friends now say that my restoration to health is wonderful. I am now back at work, and following my employment as a winder, thanks to Dr. Cassell's Tablets."

Work.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Wasting and Palpitation. FELL FROM A SCAFFOLD.

..

Mr. Thos. Stephens Hamer, of 24. Prince-street, Higher Bridge-street, Bolton, writes :—" For the last four ) ears I suffered agonies from shattered nerves and general bodily wasting and weakness. My dread- ful state was owing to a fall off a scaffold. which :educed me to a mere wreck. I could not eat, and this only tended to make me lose flesh more.l suffered dread- fully from sick headache, got weaker and weaker, and when I walked I had bad heart palpitation. "I was in this seemingly hopeless condition when I began to try Dr. Cassell's Tablets, and was astonished to find what a trial bottle only did for me. The sickness left me, and I could eat better and my food did me more good. I did not feel so tired and Tak, and felt altogether better. I continued the 2ablets, and n3w I can thankfully say I am quite red. I can walk and work with pleasure and comfort, and I nd strength and have put on r3lb. in weight. I consider Dr. Cassell's-Tablets are a wonderful remedy."

(Prescot), Dodd (Liverpool), Marsh (Lowton), Allen (Platt Bridge), Howarth (Bolton), Bottomley (Batley), Kendrick (St. Helens Junction), and the other officers, Executive Committee. - THE INCORPORATION QUESTION.

The question of incorporation was introduced by Mr. H. Brimelow (Bolton), who moved —"That this meet- ing of representatives of Independent Methodist churches, hereby records its deep regret that, notwith- standing the protests of many churches in the Union, and in disregard of all appeals for further consideration and discussion, the incorporation under the Companies Acts' 1862-1900 of a limited company entitied The Independent Methodist Association (Incorporated) ' has been effected for the purposes named in the Memorandum of Association. We affirm our belief that this placing of our connexional affairs under Acts of Parliament passed for the regulation of limited liability companies. is :—(1) In direct conflict with the funda- mental principles and aims of our denomination, (2) An encroachment upon the control of the annual meet- ing over the property and funds of the Connexion; (3) An infringement of loug-established rights and privileges of circuits, churches and members; and (5) opposed to Scriptural ideal. For these and other reasons, which constitute differences on fundamental principles, we find ourselves unable to countenance the Association, and we hereby further affirm our determination to co-operate, by such means as may from time to time be deemed necessary, in maintaining inviolate and promot- ing the principles, aims and polity of the Independent Methodist denomination." (Applause.) In the course of a long speech he ably reviewed the history of the question. They were met, he said, for the first time as a constituted body and that occasion would probably be historic. This conflict had been none of their choosing and they opposed incorporation purely from conscientious grounds. The step had been taken in spite of their serious protests and their pleas for further discussion. That the matter bad not been discussed with any adequacy by the churches they were receiving fresh evidence every day. He contended that the resolutions passed at the Sunderland Con- ference of 1903 which it was said affirmed the principle, were not definite and conclusive and not morally binding upon the churches. The financial position of the Connexion did not call for any such drastic methods. Even if something had to be done in connection with the management of the churches incorporation was not the best thing from a business point of view. The Connexional funds were not as safe to-day under an association as they would be in the hands of two personal trusters who could be trusted. This matter had been rushed at more after the manner of a bull in a china shop than anything else. What objection could there be to the appointment of five trustees with the proviso that if they were reduced to three the number should be immediately made up again to Ire? That could be accompanied with special regulations and a declaration of trust to be made by the trustees. That was a simple procedure and would secure to them their property as safely as anything in the world could secure it; and then there would have been no division. To those present this was a matter of conviction and principle; minorities and majorities did not enter into it at all. They believed they were standing for a God-given principle. The 1 registration of the company was tantamount to placing I their denomination, aims, and principles of work under Acts of Parliament formed for joint-stock company work and nothing else. Their privileges were curtailed their rights disturbed and their freedom largely robbed. The constitution was also opposed to the scriptural ideal of a church and was an encroachment on liberty. The essence of law was coercion, the essence of Christianity was love, and force and love were contrasts. Every Christian organization should manage its own affairs,and be independent of everyone but the Supreme Head the Lord Jesus Christ: (Applause). To put their religious organizations under laws relat- ing to trading companies was to violate the scriptural idea of the working of a church. From 1832 to 1888 no fewer than 229 Acts of Parlia- ment had to be passed to enable the Church of England to carry on its work, and under the arrangement in their own denomination, if they wanted to do anything not provided for in the articles they would have to go to law to obtain permission. They did not want to see division in the church, but to do other than they had done would be disloyal to the principles in which they had been born and reared. (Applause.) Their one motive was loyalty to the connexion and he trusted they would not take an aggressive attitude, but, as in the past, act in self defence. (Appause.) Mr. W. WRIGIIT, Warrington, seconded, and said the speech they had just heard would not only be of service to them there that day, but it might have its influence with their body in the future. He was sure the meeting felt its indebtedness to Mr. Brimelow for the very wide, impressive, and conclusive way in which he had dealt with the question. (Hear, hear.) Everything should be done in the best spirit, and with a good feel- ing to all these who differed from them so that the blessing of God might-rest upon their efforts. He some- times wondered whether those who stood at the bead of affairs really understood Independent Methodism as they ought to do. The important point to bear in mind was that if they allowed their polity to be interfered with, there was a danger of doctrines being tampered with too. It should be their deepest concern to pre- serve both intact. A discussion followed, the speakers including Messrs WARD (Liverpool), GERRARD (Lowton Common), ISTF,RLING (LiverpOOI).WARING (Haydock), HOUGHTON (Wigan), DAVENPORT (Tyldesley), HOWARTH (Bolton), and the PRESIDENT. The resolution was put to the meeting and carried unanimously, after which the oonference was adjourned for luncheon.

. 74 ft . . . •••• • •••• ••• • •••• ' • - • • • . • ••. • .• •••••.:-..:•••••••• t' ,▪ • .- • ▪ • fo , T Mr. H CUT(amer. . have gained health a.-

rc THE NEW FLESH-FORMER STRENGTHENER

===== 0002601_19070622_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
AFTERNOON PROCEEDINGS.

At the opening of the proceedings in the afternoon Mr. BRIMELOW moved "That this meeting confirms the resolutions passed at previous conferences of represen- tatives of churches opposed to the registration of the Independent Methodist Association (Incorporated). We affirm out belief that compliance by the Connexional Trustees with the request made to them by letter dated March 30th, 1907, to transfer to the association the investments held by them on behalf of the Independent Methodist Connexion (to whose funds the churches represented at this meeting and their members have liberally contributed) would be a departure from the constitution and conditions under which those funds were contributed. We further affirm our conviction that no portion of stich funds can be diverted to the use of any body or association not adhering to and maintaining intact the fundamental principles and objects for the 'furtherance of which those funds have been accumulated. This meeting, therefore' calls upon the Connexional Trustees to retain the investments held by them on behalf of the Connexion until the legal position has been been determined, or the matter otserwise settled, and hereby authorizes the trustees to take such steps as they may be advised are necessary to give effect to this resolution." Mr. S. DALE (Warrington) seconded. He said they would not have contributed to the funds had they known that there was going to be a departure from the old free system of things under which the free gospel was to be propagated. The trustees who held those funds were in rather a peculiar position. A majority did not make si thing right or the position of the trustees safe. He supposed they would have to make application to a certain court to know how they stood, and that the cost of that application would come out of the funds to which those present had contributed.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
IN AMERICAN LANDLORD.

Mrs. Findon sat by the window in an attitude of deepest dejection. In vain the Gloire de Dijon roses filled the air with fragrance and nodded their heavy heads sleepily towards her; in vain the canary-bird trilled and sang his best in the splendour of his gilded cage, in eager --NAlation of the happy, free wild birds outside; fain summer spoke with all its keenest and most passionate accents of love and hope and happiness. Mrs. Findon sat as one turned to, stone. She hardly moved her head when the door opened and a tall, brown-haired girl entered with a graceful swing of petticoats. "Well, mother," she said, unceremoniously tossing her hat into the nearest chair, "has anything happened since I went out ? " "Everything has happened!" answered her mother, in despairing tones. "The notice to quit from the new landlord has come--" "Oh, mother ! " The girl stood motionless, her breath corning quickly. "Yes, it's come. I knew it would when I heard the estate had changed hands. Disagree- able things always do happen to me, and this is the worst—to be turned out of this little nest, where I hoped to die in peace, for to die is all an old woman like me can do ! " The girl did not speak. "Why don't you answer ? " her mother rambled on. "-You don't care, though my heart is breaking—young things are so selfish! I daresay you'll like the change." Clare Findon looked at her mother. Her face was calm and pale, but she pressed her hands . together nervously. "It can't—it can't be true!" she said. "It is true. Here, read." Clare took the letter. It was clear as day—a notice to quit at the end of three months. "'We have three months still," Clare said, hopefully, folding up the paper. "What is three months ? " "So much can happen in three months." I "I might die," said her mother, querulously. ' "Dr. Bright told me my heart was weak." "Oh! mother, you know I don't mean that." "Then there's all the furniture to move— that's awful! And where can we go? Oh, it will be my death—l know it will !" "The landlord may change his mind," suggested Clare, hopefully. "Never! Those Americans are so determined. Your father once owed an American some money. He had to pay it without delay, principal and interest. He was the worst creditor your poor father ever had—and goodness knows he had plenty!" "I have heard that Americans are good men of business," said Clare, thoughtfully. "But why should he care to have this house, I wonder? It's only a poor little place, we are good tenants, and we pay our rent." "How should I know I tate the word business. Business killed your father, and business will kill me." "Don't, mother; there is always room for hope," "And time to die, added Mrs. Findon, bitterly. "You're strong and hard, like your father. You don't understand." It was true that Clare was strong, else bow could she have borne the burden of her mother's misfortunes? Mr. Findon, a shrewd and clever man, had speculated a little too boldly, lost heavily, then, in a moment of despair, shot himself, leaving wife and child almost penniless. It was then that Clare, a mere girl of eighteen, showed herself strong and capable. She gathered together the threads of his deplorably complicated affairs, and,with the help of a solicitor, paid all his debts, leaving herself only a pittance. She and 'her mother drifted from a condition of affluence into the little home at the Laurels, where they had lived since then. The rambling old house, once a cottage' built on to and enlarged by each succeeding tenant, held its own special charm. The pannelled rooms, the queer little irregular steps, the low ceilings, the roses grown oriel windows, the large old shady garden, sloping down to the pond where the water- lilies grew, and bordered by a wall where flourished sweet-smelling gully-flowers, satisfied Clare's artistic instincts. She had grown very fond of its quiet and dignified repose, so soothing to her harassed nerves after the terrible experiences of bankruptcy and suicide. Her nerves were rested now. She was in the full flush of womanhood, looking out on life with eager and appreciative eyes. Mrs. Findon had tasted- peace after the tragedy of her husband's death, and to her a new upheaval meant a fresh tragedy; and for her mother's sake Clare dreaded a change. The two poor women sat together talking till late into the night, Clare still trying to hope against hope, Mrs. Findon characteristically abandoned to despair. Next day Clare rose early, and calling her dogs went out into the village. She was fond of long rambles in the fresh morning air, when she met only a few matutinal rustics, and the dogs could enjoy a free and boisterous run. The girl restrained herself nobly to be gentle with her mother's peevishness. But sometimes youth asserted itself, and the joy of life bubbled up in her veins. She wanted to run and jump, climb over stiles, and throw sticks for the dogs into the trout stream. The dogs thoroughly entered into their mistress's spirit of fun, and sent a shower of crystal drops scattering all over her as they shook their shaggy, dripping coats, barking and wagging their tails in uproarious joy. On this particular morning Clare felt more inclined to be quiet and think, but the dogs would not have it so; they knew what was best for their young mistress, and they insisted on their usual sport. Breathless and laughing she pulled up at last against a stile, and, leaning her arms on it, looked out at the ridge of gorse and heather that stretched below. A voice behind her startled her from her dreams. "You are out early. And how much you seem to enjoy life. I quite envied you that last run with the dogs—it was splendid!" Clare looked round surprised. She was always alone as a rule, always unmolested on her excur- sions, but here was a man, a stranger, actually daring to address her. He was tall, alert, clean- shaven, strong-jawed, with refined features, and dressed in the simplest of country garb. His hair was brown and rather thin on the top, his voice kindly, and in his grey eyes lay a kind of quizzical laughter—altogether an interesting kind of personage and decidedly a man of education. "I am an early riser like you," he said, noting her surprise, "and—an artist." He added this as an after-thought, as though to be an artist accounted for any kind Of eccentricity. Clare remained silent. After that one look of surprise she turned her head and continued to admire the landscape. "This is my favourite bit," he said, nothing daunted by her silenee. "See how prettily the ground slopes, and the broken bit of foreground with that clump of gorse is exquisite. Here, lying in the bracken, I can smoke and dream for hours." "Have yell been here long ? " (Mare asked, melting under the influence of his cheery talk. "A week," he said; "and I have seen you every day." "Indeed!. How interesting." A little note of contempt crept into her voice. "It was. You seem to have learnt the secret of existence—the joy of living." " knd you? You are an artists—don't artists -essw the joy of living." 'I was not always an artist. I have been a slave—a slave to uncongenial work. I have gone down into the gehenna of the struggle for life; been ground in the mill of hurry, of strife; lived in the grime of cities; suffered under the despair- ing race for bread." "And now you are going to live always in the country and paint beautiful pictures ? " "I think so—l hope so. Toil makes a man feel old. I shall take lessons of youth and , happiness from you." I "That is very nice," Clare said, kindly, "But lam -not always happy. Just now I only ran with my dogs to try and forget." I "You?" He looked at her in amazement. Her , brown eyes were deep and glowing; the sun made streaks of gold in her hair, and a delicate rose flush lay on her check. She was the embodiment of youth and health. I "Yes. Just as you are planning to pass your days here for the future I am probably going away." "I hope not." He spoke with real concern. ; Clare lauehed. a joyous. airlish laueh. "Well. epestfloddertp pepot eqlna „lou ooinoo ~qnnui uoS memo* CM IT uTdig 19071 91 SIM 10U en ea 51

BY LADY VIOLET GREVILLE, Author of "A Norwegian Nightingale," "A Sailor's Bride," "A Mere Acquaintance," "Nurse Ciceley's Renunciation," &c.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
TO STOUT PEOPLE.

Dr. Cassell's Tablets can be taken with as much benefit by stout people as thin. Excess of fat is due to defective assimila- tion. The nutrient properties of the food taken, instead of being perfectly absorbed, run to waste and make fat. Dr. Cassell's Tablets ensure a perfect natural, and healthy assimilation. causing superfluous fat to be absorbed and converted into sound, healthy flesh.

INDEPENDENT METHODISM. A SPLIT ON THE INCORPORATION

QUESTION

===== 0002601_19070622_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Conference at Warrington. COUNCILLOR EVANS ELECTED PRESIDENT.

IA serious division has arisen in the Independent ▪ hodist Church on the question of the Incorporation (4)! the Connexional Committee. A number of churches tsaent from this innovation and simultaneously with 07,E2a3inual meetings of the Connexion at Bristol, the inuiectors held meetings at Friars' Green Church, War- theg members of which have taken a foremost Patt in the opposition to incorporation. °l2 Saturday afternoon, from three to five, there was r h ec 9 ePtion of delegates when lay ministers to the --emb er of 100 attended from Hook Gate, Lowton Grum°ll9 Market Drayton, Batley, Bolton, Liverpool, a °"a% Haydock, Platt Bridge, Prescot, Southport, atolielens Junction, Thatto Heath, Tyldesley, Wigan, w:4Zther places. In the evening a fellowship meeting Pr "Id, and was conducted by Mr. James Hudson, 7:3aident of Friars Green Church. Of Sunday there were large,6sngregations at a series a4peclal services. The preacher at the morning fror„:eeNvas Mr. Henry Holt, of Bolton, who spoke Iva 1, Ihe text, " What think ye of Christ ? " There t0.80i,;(3 said, more of the spirit of Christ in the world Yek„,l than ever, and those who lived two thousand eha ; hence would find still more of Christ who had OM the world. ellorecially selected hymns were heartily sung, and the and t,,,4'thder the direction of Mr. William Mounfield, 'ent .trth Mr. Walter Birch at the organ, gave an excel- Al,'„,lldering of the anthem, "The earth is the Lord's." vria;,:;tlag people's service was held in the afternoon in vv.' Green School, when the speakers were Mr. W. Po ard, of Liverpool, and Mr. R. Brimelow, of South- whila at a service held in Brick-street School Xr r,esses were given by Mr. I Bottomley, of Batley and ; tt. Heaton, of Liverpool. 4 kkt 7.45 an out-door service was held at Bridge-foot, was conducted by Mr. J. Tsterling, of Liverpool,and Zidressed by Mr. J. Dodd, of Liverpool, Mr. Sedgwick, -4(1 Mr. Brimelow, of Southport.

OBJECTORS' POSITION AFFIRMED. ,WRY INCORPORATION IS NOT ACCEPTED. e_ delegates met for the transaction of business OR 48:nray morning at Friars Green Church. Councillor 11,,rres Eyans presided and the attendance included Mr. Y Birch (Warrington),and Mr.H.Brimelow(Bolton), Ant secretaries.

ELECTION OF PRESIDENT atr ; WORTHINGTON moved that CouncillorEvans be thteanted president for the ensuing year. He stated tee" Mr. Evans had taken a leading part in their move- ( .)111_t and they Could not do betters than appoint him. ''-'iejar, hear). a -Jr' HOUGHTON seconded, and the motion was heartily gleed to • ot vse PRESIDENT, in reply, said he was quite conscious responsibility of the position to which he had e"'11-elected. He thanked them for their expression of 110114,ftleace, although it would have been more in harmony to "is own feelings if someone else had been elected 41(11‘,011 a responsible position, especially viewing as he the Lne iraportancce of the present situation. He hoped te,..earaing year would not be so much a year of war- he ''.,118 a year of conciliation. (Hear, hear.) He both sides would be ready to bear and forbear, ae believed that God their Father would, if they 41,1:ignited Him, and put themselves in His hands, bring l',lottt the best condition that could be brought about. it" rnatter in which they were engaged was one for 44eat prayer and careful thought, and he hoped that haren the• year was over they would see complete svva°l,l3r prevail, as well as a spirit of concord and ite,7lless as he had seen in the meetings held in years f0,713,bY. At the same time he felt be must stand up los:acne principles which he had advocated for 30 or sears, and from which he saw no way of swerving. ee„,was fully persuaded that they were right in earnestly '-'Lending for them. (Applause.)

• VICE-PRESIDENT. Lathe motion of Mr. HOWARTH (Bolton), seconded ti air. WARD (Liverpool), Mr. J. T. Isterling, of 111„°e,l'Pool, was appointed vice-president.—Tn respond- olb,,rne said their object was to maintain the principles 0, Independent Methodism, sometimes called Free tOPelism. They hoped they would have Christian thritY during the coming year, and that if possible priY would all work together, but not at the expense of

. SECRETARIES. titt. r• Birch regretfully retired as one of the hon. secre- e3, owing to increased business responsibilities. It jqdecided to appoint Messrs. Henry Brimelow, of Alp °ll, and Scragg, of Warrington, joint secretaries. Blrch was warmly thanked for his past work, which 2 eulogised by several delegates. OTHER ELECTIONS. Stephen Dale was appointed hon. treasurer: (Li Lisrk W. Wright (Warrington), and R. Heaton hI "'Tool) auditors; and Messrs.P. Gerrard (Lowton), )3 • ,rinielow (Southport), Houghton (Wigan), Beesley

===== 0002601_19070622_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE BOX.

Cut out this Coupon and send with your name and address and 2 peany stamps,for postage,&c., to Dr. Cassell's Co., Ltd., King street, W., Man- chester, and a free sample will at once be sent you. Warrington Examiner, Saturday, June 22nd.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
IThe motion was approved, and the Secretary was , instructed to forward a copy to the Secretary of the Conference at Bristol. THE WORK OF THE CHURCHES. Mr. BRIMSLOW read a summary of reports on the work 'of the various churches.

Friars Green Church, Warrington, reported that the question of the incorporation had occupied much of their attention, and they were proud to think that the result had been to save their own and help in some degree in saving other churches from what they thought was detrimental to their highest and best interests. Their friends who differed from them had got what they wanted, plus the fetters of company laws, whereas they had got their liberty, which was worth far more than it had cost them. Incorporation had absorbed so much of their energies and otherwise obstructed true spiritual progress for so many months, they trusted it would receive decent burial at the forthcoming Conference, in a grave deep enough to hold it with all the unchristian thoughts and feelings which it had engendered. During the year their services had been fairly well attended. Their Sunday sehools were in every way growing, and they were now considering the question of large exten- sions to both their schools. Their C.E. Societies, senior and junior, continued in a healthy condition, but the weekly fellowship meeting was not in such a vigorous condition as they would wish.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
GENER.LL BUSINESS.

It was resolved that the General Committee be empowered to enter into negotiations with regard to an adjustment of the various funds of the committee as between this conference and the Incorporated Association.

It was also decided to publish a magazine for the members of the church.

It was decided to send a resolution to strengthen the hands of those who were appealing to Parliament to deal in the coming session with the enfranchisement of leasehold places of worship and schools, and the acquisi- tion of sites for such buildings. _ _ __ _ ____ _

Messrs. Houghton (Wigan),-Beesley (Prescot), Evans (Warrington), Isterling (Liverpool), Dodd (Liverpool), Marsh (Lovvton), Brimelow (Bolton), Allen (Platt Bridge), Howarth (Bolton), Bottomley (Batley), Kendrick (St. Helens), P. Gerrard (Lowton), R. Brimelaw (Southport), Scragg (Friars Green), S. Dale (Warrington), W. Wright and R. Heaton (Warrington) were elected to form the General Committee. It was decided to hold the next conference at Bolton, THE TEMPERANCE QUESTION.

On the proposition of Mr. HOLT (Bolton). seconded by Mr. HOUGHTON (Wigan), it was resolved "That the meeting expresses its satisfaction at the assurance made by the Prime Minister on behalf of the Government that an effective measure of temperance reform will have a prominent place in the legislative programme of the next session of Parliament."

===== 0002601_19070622_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PEACE CONFERENCE.

Mr. WRIGHT (Warrington) moved, and it was agreed "That this meeting learns with satisfaction of the assembly of the Conference at The Hague, and earnestly prays that the blessing of God may rest upon its efforts to promote the 'cause of international peace."

===== 0002601_19070622_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CONGO ATROCITIES.

It was resolved :—" That this meeting learns with horror of the atrocities and misrule on the Congo and presses the Government at once to take steps to end this blot on Christian civilization." EDUCATION AND POPULAR CONTROL.

On the proposition of Mr. E. BRIMBLOW, seconded by Mr. GERRARD, it was decided :—" That this assembly learns with satisfaction that the Government intends to introduce a comprehensive Education Bill next session of Parliament that shall give full popular con- trol over State-aided schools. We also urge that there sball be a greatly increased provision of colleges where teachers can be trained and that these colleges should be under the control of properly elected authorities. We farther desire to call the attention of the Education Minister to the fact that the Cowper Temple clause is still the law of the land, and to urge its loyal and vigor- ous enforcement by the Board of Education." A vote of thanks was passed to the friends at Priam Green for their kind hospitality to the delegates during the conference.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENING MEETING.

There was a large attendance at a public meeting which was held in the evening, Mr.Rodson, Warrington, presiding. Mr. GERRARD, Lowton Common, delivered a power- ful address, urging upon all the recognition of their fellowship with Christ as an inspiration for the work of the furtnre.

Mr. H. Bitimmow urged that the truer end of Christianity was not to get men into Heaven but to get Heaven into men. Christianity was the only thing which would solve all the social problems of the day and it would bring about that golden age when men would cease to preach about living for their neighbours and would start. doing it. He would plead for their earnest effort in the cause of Christianity. Let them stop talking and set to work. The Gospel of Christianity was the only Gospel which harmonised with men's needs but it had not been given a fair chance. Let the world give it a fair trial and it would do all that was claimed for it.

Other interesting addresses were delivered and the meeting was very successful. A number of hymns were sung and anthems were ably rendered by the choir.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

FRIENDLY SOCIETIES' DEXIONSTRATION.—Membeis of the Free Gardeners,and Druids Friendly Societies,joined in a demonstration held on Saturday. The procession was headed by the Penketh Tannery Prize Band, and the route chosen was through the village, Station-road, to Mr. C. E. Parker's residence, Chapel-road, Hall Nook, to Mr. James Dodds's residence, Miss Bcflton's residence, Greystone-road to Great Sankey, calling on the Vicar (Rev. J. R. Jones), who gave the visitors a hearty reception. The processionist then made their way along Heath-road, through Mr. Parsonage's drive to the Wesleyan Schools where a knife and fork tea was pro- vided for which Mrs. Atkinson (Warrington)hadcatmed. After tea was an entertainment was given. The Rev. J. R. Jones took the chair, and was supported on the platform by the President (Mr. Nathan Hatton), the Vice-President (Mr. W. Loxley), Bros. Wright and Houghton. The hand gave selection and songs were rendered by Mr. W. W. Ireland, Miss E. Dunn and Mr. D. Dunn, who received hearty encores, Miss Standish acting as accompanist. Speeches were delivered by the Vicar and the members of the different orders on friendly society work. The officers and committee consisted of :—N. Hatton, president; W. Loaley, vice-president ; E. Marshall, treasurer; A. T. Clay and W. Foden, secretaries ;Sand committee, Messrs. W. Woods, J. Ireland, B. Ireland, J. Moores, H. Mai nley, D. Houghton, J. Waine, R. Allman, W. Ray, T. Walker, A. Skelland and A. Goulden.

Kidney trouble preys upon the mind MEN discourages and lessens ambition;

AND beauty, vigor and cheerfulness soon womEm disappear when the kidneys are out " of order or diseased. For pleasing results use Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root. At chemists. Sample bottle by post free, also pamphlet. Dr. Kilmer & Co., Dept. 329; Temple Chamber; London.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tr 7-, • ----

===== 0002601_19070622_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
"Mr. Andrews ! " "Mis Findon ! " Clare staggered back; there before her, a little paler and thinner than of yore, sad and expectant, but otherwise unchanged, stood the artist. "Why—oh! why have you done this ? " she said. "It was cruel."

Mr. Andrews placed a chair for her. She sat down unconsciously, for she could scarcely stand. , "Why cruel ? " he asked. "At first I meant no v.iystery, and afterwards you said such sharp and cutting things of your landlord that I did not dare!"

"And so you just allowed us te, be turned out," said Clare, bitterly. "That was your revenge." She was thoroughly unnerved by the surprise; she was trying to readjust her emotions to reconcile her liking for the artist with her hared for the millionaire.

"You are angry." He stood a little way off and looked at her earnestly. "And no wonder. It was wrong I know. I wanted to write, but I was afraid. Our companionship had been so pleasant I wished you to think well of me. I was a coward. Forgive me." "But why do you need our poor little house? Why were you so hard—you who have every- thing ? " She looked reproachfully round the quiet room, with the fine old oil portrait set into the big overmantel, the deep, soft pile of the Turkey carpet, the perfectly-appointed writing- table and chairs—all the paraphernalia of a gentleman's room. "Ah!" he replied, "you will never understand. I told you I had not always been an artist. I am a worker. I was born in poverty and bred up in toil, in all the sordid struggle of business. As a small boy I worked for myself and my mother; when I grew to be a man I slaved like a horse. I had no holidays, no pleasures, no time for things bright and beautiful—for art, for music; and all these years I have wanted— wanted. I said to myself that if ever I got to the top of the tree I would lead a different life —would know something of God's beautiful world and of all the great and noble things man's intellect has created. My dream mine true. I succeeded. lam rich. I bought this place. I thought to settle down here and find happiness— And then I met you." "I still don't understand."

"I told you you wouldn't. I had never spoken to a -sweet English girl before, you see; I knew no woman but my mother, and I—" "Well ? " she said, encouragingly. This talk was very different from what she had expected. "Well, I suppose I am younger really than I look. There comes a time to all when youth and nature must have its way, and then—well then—l loved you." Clare half rose.

"No, don't go; it is the last time we shall talk together. I have offended you past redemption, but stay just one more little minute." He stopped and took a long breath, panting.

l'are sat down. Thu s man fiseinatecr while he repelled her. He was strong at least, and she adored strength. "You have been very cruel," she said, thought- fully. "No, no! I struggled—you will never know how much. When a man finds the woman he has dreamt of and waited for all his life, and knows he can never win her, it is a bitter experi- ence."

"Still you would have let us go!" "No indeed. My lawyer has written you to-day, and sent you a new lease." e may stay?" A new note of triumphant ioy crept into Clare's voice. "Of course. Did you really think otherwise? Was that why you came to-day—to plead with the hard, vulgar millionaire? Ah I see." He struck his fist violently against the table. "Since I have met you, Miss Findon, I have cursed my riches ! "

"No, no; you will make an admirable use of them. I retract what I said ; when a rich man is good, he is better than a poor man—he has over- come more temptation. Pve been envious and uncharitable, and you have read me a lesson." A queer little break came in her throat. "Good- bye, and thank you." She held out her hand. Mr. Andrews gripped it with a warm, kindly pressure. "I must tell you, Miss Findon," he said, more lightly, "I never intended to put my coachman into your pretty house, and turn your garden into stables. I'm not such a vandal as that. I wanted the place as a dower-house for my mother —the poor old lady fancied it, and my life has always been given up to her." "Forgive me—" Clare turned and moved unsteadily towards the door. He sprang after her impetuously. "Miss Findon—Clare—the one unutterably bright, dear girl I've met—will you ever speak to me again ? " He asked the question with a certain boyish- ness and timidity. "Of course." Clare smiled, but her eyes were -"it with tears.

You will come again, and we may meet and talk together? Oh! thank you." Clare rushed home, back through the blinding sunshine, down the avenue, along the village street. She tore open the door of her mother's room and flung herself on her knees at her feet, burying her face in her lap; then between sobs and smiles she cried out: "Mother, it is all right; Lhave seen him. We are going to stay—stay— stay " "You've seen the millionaire, child; and what is he like, is he very vulgar?" "No." Clare smiled, a little, inscrutable, tender smile. "No, he is quite nice." "That's capital. There now, • let us put up the pictures again, and get out the books and the china—those shelves do look so bare—and make ourselves comfortable once more."

"The dogs need not go—oh, you dear, dear dogs ! " Clare bent down and kissed the warm muzzles of her pets, that kept boldly poking their noses into her hands and giving vent to short barks of agitated delight. "You dear, faithful friends, you know all about it—you know lam happy, so very, very happy!" Clare held out hez arms, and the dogs sprang into them. MIR END.]

===== 0002601_19070622_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
SLUM CHILDREN

In narrow streets,all dank and vile, We see the homes of want and woe; Where warming sunbeams never smile, And healthful breezes never blow. There children born to toil and spin, Should Providence prolong their years; Their dreary round of life begin, • Entosed to suffering, want and Wax& In raggedness, all lank and lean, With sunken eyes, and faces pale; They look like spectres on the scene, To vouch a melancholy tale. The sounds of traffic, want and strife, And wand'ring minstrel's doleful song, Make up the music of their life, However brief, however long. The buttercup and blossomed thorn, The woodland songs and wild bee's hum, The waving grass and yellow corn, Know not the children of the slum. Their play-ground is the slimy street, , But toyless are their games, and few; For cobbles wound their naked feet, And chronic hunger pinches too. Deprived of all their Maker gave, Their dreary, hopeless way they tread; Their only goal perchance a grave— A rest among the nameless dead. And all this in a Christian land Unpitied goes from day to day; Where riches swell on every hand, And thoughtless folly loves to play. - J. H.. W. CLINDINNING. -

June, 1907

Makes dainty things daintier

I AUXS

.:1.14::•?.f;.:',6.,:;11;i•,;:;":.t ~.....,i,,4ilt:;',itifest;:tift;i4lk,' TALV;!--1.tv,it.;4*Aq.74A:,..,.,...1,..,.::4-...1.:4:74,iPir...;LP:. 4 4*.t:F.,7e,:?.:?:•••;,-,1"-. '." z. .: a . 4r.;;;;:f3. ..' ..1..1 ;Itri. ..; liWinl4"-•, ,5r.,,,_ 1 A.• .:1,.. 6 ••• ..... .. • , ~ ' . .41-1, ,14Pi:. •f•-• 1 .0,;; V. 1.. •i, ,t 1 .. • • •,.,., ,47, .. ..F: , ','; . 4, le ~ ••,..„ ‘%4..,,..... 41 ':4. • ltm ...L."? ‘, ••• "4;...,,C,..,:.• 45 4 •,,,,,,,.... •;r..,,,,i ..4•;•44 v... •• ...4.4il4:ki' 44.ak1tet.4A.1504R4',% V tF;;• 'kli:gc;:liStit4''. ~t_tee ‘Er!'llAt,7,:t,i'et'e,Cfgf,ilFra•Sitirg 1 04' 1ii1...e1e44.;"1 Ra 4144,04 f lIIPV.,;` ,•„,,4-4e..1:"?-er,,P.141.45** •=64.-1.13:01at1ikt*A1q:W:14a,"441,..,.....,,A, . Y.:' V Oir, 74..6.4&:1?,.,?1,r7.1.1-;%*,8;:wt,•;.-0ti:,..44t..-sw., -I:, ,:.7.,. n5WR,.0.41t,c,.... :.!..1.....e. .1444.. . „•, ,

===== 0002601_19070622_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN HELPLESS WITH ECZEMA

Suffered Untold Agony for Three Years—Had to be Washed, Dressed, and Fed Like a Baby— Was In Doctor's Care and in infirmary but Could Not Get Cured.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
CUTICURA CURED HER IN THREE MONTHS

"I had eczema for three years Ind I was under doctor's treatment the whole of the time, also an infirmary, and I could not get cured. It would get better fGr a day or two, but would break out again worse than ever. At times it was so bad I had to be washed and dressed and even fed like a baby. It was only my hands and arms that were affected, but I suffered untold agony, and I got so low I was afraid to be left alone, and I had quite despaired of getting better, but at last I tried Cuticura. I used three boxes of Cuticura Ointment, and three bottles of Cuticura Pills, and in a month I was cured. That was twelve months ago, and I have seen no signs of it returning. I always keep a bottle of Cuticura Pills in the house. They do me more good than anything else, and I never use any other than Cuticura Soap. I think that no matter how bad any one was, if they gave the Cuticura Reme- dies a fair trial, they would cure them, for I was in an awful state. Mrs. Con- ley, 9, Gawen St., off Jock Lane, Hol- beck, Leeds, Jan. 23, 1906."

CUTICURA A BLESSING To Skin=Tortured Babies and Tired Mothers The suffering which Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Ointment have alleviated among the young, and the comfort they have afforded worn-out and worried parents, have led to their adoption in countless homes as priceless remedies for birth humours, milk crust, scalled head, eczemas, rashes, and every form of itching, burning, scaly skin and scalp humours, of infancy and childhood. Guaranteed absolutely pure under United States Food and Drugs Act, and may be used from the hour of birth, Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour of Infants, Children, and Adults consists of Cuticura Soap to Cleanse the Skin, Cuti- cura Ointment to Heal the Skin. and Cuticura Re- solvent Pills (Chocolate Coated) to Purify the Blood. A Single Set often Cures. Sold throughout the world. Depots: London, 27. Charterhouse Sq.; Paris. 5. Rue de is Palk; Australia, R Towns & Co., Sydney: Potter Drug & Chem. Corp.. Sole Props. 03-Post-tree. Cutisurs Book es Skin Diseases.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
BEST FAMILY MEDICINE

WORSDELL'S Kaye, s Pills In Use 100 years. Are a certain cure for Indigestion. Biliousness, Headae-be, •• • Constipation, Liver and Kidney Complatritc, kc. bavle Of all Chemists, 1/li, 2/9, and 4131 Per box, _or " ° of ansolmt 53, St. George's, Norwich. •

===== 0002601_19070622_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
TOOTH-ACHE

CURND INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S Preveiteisip/eecassyliiSgal2vtess Extraction, NEURA LG la, HEADACHE, NER VINE [and all NERVE PAINS removed by BUNTER'S NERVINE. All Stores, 192_11pd., Or receipt of amount t 3, Sr. GEORGES STREET, fYill*WzCH. "la a specific of Toothache It haa no 11411/21. I have wed it simersiiiftily for years."—Paor. WWznaow. M.D.

SOLD BVERYWHERE at' le. ltd., 2s. 9d.,44.14 and Us

olrbridoTos LUNG TONIC,V.erg.

ach and Le relief in functions ' PILLS.

packages and 2/9 per box.

MERRY WEATHER'S

HIGH-CLASS GARDEN HOSE.

62, LONG ACRE, LONDON.

Largest makers of High-class Hose in the world.

For We past quarter of a century there his been a continuous flow of letters bearing testimony to the truly wonierful cures effected by CURER'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE, "the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill have brought to light." Sufferers from Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases. Pimples and Sores of any kind, are solicited to give It a trial to try its value. Sold everywhere at 2s. 93. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and suhstitutes —Advt. S.

B 41 PILLS are warranted to our, 'neither sex, all acquired for constitutional discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the bank. lives from Mercury. Established upwards of SO years. In boxes 4s. ed. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through. on the world, or sent for sixty stamp, by the makers. Tim Lin coin and Midland Counties Drag Company. Lincoln.— Advt.

To litiOTHEßS.—blre. WINSLOW'S Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste; prodnoes natuarl quiet sleep, by relieving the ohild from pain and the little cherub awakes "as bright as A button" et all Obeelletels. lid, per bottle.—Advt.

rRHEUMATISMI

===== 0002601_19070622_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19070622_art0059.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
mil

===== 0002601_19070622_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Cht eratruner Atents OP WEBK-BND NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES : :rim WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER. 1 published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate, LYmm, ac., being ne of the Law f.st an 3 Bast Weekly Papers in Lance- hire and Cheshire. The diatrict covered by this Paper corn- crises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lance- phire and Mid-Cheshire. rpHB RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. /11HE WIDNES EXAMINER published every Saturday I morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a pi 11 17 ccriur, intr•A ,r industry. TPEIE BARLESTOWN Argil NEWTON fIXAMINER, published every Satnrday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Golborne, Havelock. Lowton, /cc. The district thus U S nlst irnp)rtant o trt of the Lancashire coal- Ids. THE ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every Faturday morning, circulating in St. Helens, Presoot , Parr. Sutton, Peasley Cross. &a --the centre of the Glees, Cheml2.al and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

NPREPATT) A DVERTTSINMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTEr.. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTIOLI4B T,nfaT. MISCELLANEOUS ANTS. ARTICLES FOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES. one Three Six Thirteen 17" Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. Os, Rd. ... is. 3,4. ... 2s. Od. ... 3e. 9d. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... is. rd. ... 3s. Oct ... se, Od. RA ... Is. na. ... Is. 86. ... as. Od. ... Re. Pd. 45 ... 18 3d. ... Xe. Id. ... 5.. Od. ... 7e. Od. 54 ... is. 64. ... Xs. Re . ... 6e. Od. ... 108. Od.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
nontesOft berbant4, dr.

001) nomm for st olpAn 14w1q11RAL. one able to wasb, '7r srocyi rAferencee.-48. VGitanyi ST., Rafirtorn.

-ORPvAI,IT4 Rll olagaes vran,ed. Kent nnd Huirrign, 62. Charlton rd., Blackheath, Lonion .

W vvTlZlDettnnv anviri kr, irmel rallrencAß requi Rar oTTT73I:Iq, 91,amfnri Mite! Altrincham.

WANTRD at once FurporiPnoeft GRISMR AL : rPfaron required,—Mrs. CTVOWOICII. 37, Ash st.. Southport

WANTIIII, gAnd GIANI4II74f, at onne ; small family ; all dutiea ; 21f1.--FT.vrYTELP. 2, Crosby et.. Stookoort.

UT ANTI4II good 41INRRAT, BBRVA wrn also GIRT, abont VV 4?.. Bottom o' th' Moor. Oldham.

NII7 ARTRD R vonng GrtglIRAT, nne nsed Onblin nre- ferretl.—Apply (107 VIERS HEFT Tim, Fire lane, teleb.

-------- SITA Nrrit rOOK-fl:lll‘nit AT, ; small lam I lv.-IWrs Aram, 8, Ring's Drive, Heaton Moor, near MAnehester

_— WARDMVITI WANTPT) (El 3 ; owl of Irmo ; RffP Rhont ?P;reforeneof,.—Apply VATRotf, Hospital , novirindod. vrop..

WANTIM 0.14,41 GTZTVIR at. once for Donfor'a home. No children. Salary M.—Apply 118, 111Ggmfox ST., Oldham.

..... _ _ wArmen, good ITIOitIIRAT,, 25 ; mak ; nn wash: nsed to children ; housemaid keot.—Cloovow, ()Wield Irrre,.nr

Stvinv anw/RRAt, family two: onoci refer- enee.—A. TWIG', Mersey rd.. Astston-on-MersPy,near 'Manchester.

W (FCNRRAT, ; three in family; ANTVT) an Axperieneed wuo £ ; no washing.—Misa FiaHwicir, The Tfeißhts. Tinehrhole. _ _

TUANTIVID at onoe GM about 18 as Gen.ral. (kind home 'IV for suitable girl. 'Reference requirel.—Mre. HARGRAVES. 'BB. King it., Fonthport,

NIVM4TRD aoorl GIINERA.L.—ApoIv with references to Mrs. Slums. Sunbeam Fisheries, Stockton Heath, 'Warrington.

Wr Alg TB 7), Pwreri frnepd GIINPIRAL, at one: no washing Apply Mrs. BP.CILETT, 12, Betfiel4 r., Dielsbnry Manchester.

WANTED gooil GENERAL SERVANT at, once. Must have good reference.. No washing.-55, FOREST RD.. Southport.

WANTVP GRNRRAL SBRVANT ; plain cook, bake, wR eh ; good references.—Mrs. PrAlle E. Rowan Cottage, Burnley. •

WANTBD experienced SHAVAITri for Hotels, Hydros, Schools and private. Good wages.—Mrs. DEAN, 31, Talbot rd., Blackpool.

MRS. BROMAGR. 71, Brighton et.. Sesontube, requires all classes of Domestic Servants with good characters. Good wages gives).

WANTRD CoollB.Housemaids, Nnrsee, and (env ; good vragAil.—Mti. LAWSON7I, es. Lynwood rd., off St. Vas's rd., Blackburn.

WANTED COOTC-GRNBRAL for 'mall family, Jon h; boose-parlorirmald kept.—Mias Muasort, Mayfield, elltberoe, Lecnashire,

-------- WANTRD Young WOMAN' for fqrmhon,. used to children.—Apply Mrs. W. PLATT, EitlllBhaW Moor, Buxton, near (Thorley.

WANT, EinDeriniGENTVIAL ; family three, goof" wages ; state age. &c.--INlrs. BCCIFIEI, Briarwood, Ashtnn, Prestnn. tares.

WANTRD.-913TIVANTS c itw laes.4), to wy for planes ; send stsinped envelope for reply.—Hoies RZGISTRY, 38, Foxhisll rd.. Blackpool,

WANTAD HOUstRMAID-v7A1TR1398139. £lB to £2O, also Nurse for two young chillren.— Mrs. VoRTINMR, 17. Hale rd., Altrineham.

--- WANTIRT), good MINERAL for small family; good wages and references.—Anply 23, WELLINGTON BD. Heaton Chapel. near Stockport.

WANTED grxxi GRNER AL, about 2,1; all <intim! ; whin; reference..-0/0 Oldies MITCHELL, Fern Lea, Priory 9ale, near Manchester.

wANTE T) a Strong GIRL As Mother's Help, able to wash live in • 35. 61. per week.—Apply Mrs. RisigNEPV. 131, Foregate st.,, Chester.

WANTRD, fITRL for farm: p.ble to milk good wage to acitable girl.-9tate experienee and wage required to T. WHITRIVIAD, Charnock Richard, Chorley.

QERVANTS.—A.Ii requithuz eitnations in London nnd enburhs should write 95, RIPLTVGIIII.I RD., London. Atzency. A 1 1 elasees of servnnts wnnted.

WANTRD COOK-GRNRRAL at once. or girl to train RS 'net. Good wag. Mother's Help kept.—Apply Mrs. Wir.xyraoy, flood thaw Vicarav,, Rawtenstall.

WANTED, immediately, gond COOK-GRNETIAL ; good wages to competent servant; ;;cood home.—DgircF.so,r, 6, York rd., Chorlton-curn-Rardy, Manchester.

WAN 911313, good GRNIIHAL at once: Able to wash ; three in family ; Protestant ; reference required.— Mrs. H. BICRERBTAFF. 18, Keswick rd., St. Helens.

WAIIII4O. Country GIRL. al4ont 15, for housework and assist in bar ; no children ; good home; ornhnn pre- ferred.--Pirormin INN, 34, Pigott et.. Greenhays, l'finnchester

ANTAD experlenc..d TIOURF-PARLOIMMAID, also Kitchenmald nhnreh of Hogland : enn3 rAfprences required.—Apply hlrs. JORNSo2l.Blekershaw HRU,oer Wia‘n.

ATREI. RHD requires manv good and plain COrnis I Waitresses. Housemaids, superior Generals nd -ander servants.—SELECT REGISTRY. Rusholme, Manchester.

WANTED, EXPERIENCED GENERAL SERVANT, two in family ; no washing ; help daily ; good character indispensabie.—Apply Dr. CuRRIr, 99, High St., Lees, near Oldham.

lIPTIRI OR Gen Praia, Cook-GPnerals, Housemails. Waitresses Wanted. immediately ; fares ,paid goOd wages; no delay.—Write Nils, NEWTON, Great Uncierbank, "Stockport.

QOUTHPORT.—WANTEM Aucnst let, stronfr, enpnble GBNETIAL, age 25 to 30 • Pro'estant ; qcorl references ; two In family ; no reglstry.--.Mrs. WILLIAM, 61, Hartwood rd., Southport.

WANTED. 000K-GIII,IIIIiA.T. (experienoed) ; Church- yrunan ; three in family ; housemaid kept; good references Indisnensable.—Mrs. BuouGHToN, Becleote, Heaton Mereev, Manchester.

WANTED, Situation as HOUSAICHEPHR to Elderly lady or gentleman; good plain cook, vegetarian or otherwise ; clean and reliable ; single woman ; good refs M. S., 67, Rectory rd., Burnley.

WANnot Useful Help se COOK-GRNARAL. All duties. No washing. Told in family. Good rcferences required, —Apply by letter to Mrs. ATKINSON, 3, Gibson's rd., Heaton Moor, near Stockport.

ANTRD. Smart GIRL (experienaefil, 20 ; for Sweets. VT Tobacco Business ; little housework ; comfortable home ; plenty of outing ; state wages required and enclose photo which will be returned.—Address, 296 WEST PERBY RD.. Tuebrook, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER, & CO.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all glasses of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. INVOICES RULED TO PAT.CERN. PROSPECTUSES. PROGRAMMES. BULBS BOOKS. ACCOUNT BOORS, MEMORANDUM CARDS,

" EXAMINER " OFFICE - BBWBBY STRBBT, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0063.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEI

===== 0002601_19070622_art0064.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEE

===== 0002601_19070622_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
anttb

WANTBD Several DAIRIBS of NBW MILK...M. TllO3llB, Arundel at., Wigan.

WANTRIII. Few Gentlemen to join-A.dyertiser In working New Racing System. wonderful rest:atm.—Mull particu- lars, address RICHATID9. 18T, Rdward it., Brighton.

A OCtiIIECNT and SIORNRRS INBURA,NOR combined .13, with Investments. Wanted trustworthy Representatives ettner sex. Thorouah tuition given by an expert.—Address P., 24, Moxley Orumnsall, Manchester.

Oebttal

MICIZHNIA.—StiNs eage any.. liecina and list free. - I THvvAiTE., Stoon-on-Tees.

fY3AVNRISS.—MedIcaI Specialist's Remedy, ls.. post free. —395 FliFts DEPoarr, Manchester.

QEHHOINIA. SALVH Cures Bolls, ls. lid. box—TAP? & Co, C 2d, Greet Elms rd., Bromley. Kent.

TTCH mid Ringworms cured by using Tloseola, Is. per bottle.—TioszoLA WORKS, Melbourne. Yorks.

IR HART)EN'S HEALTH PILLS for Stomach diaorlera ; le. Wl 7,5. 94.-26. DOWAPTT Tin., Tottenham,

P IbES.—Send seven stamps for splendid rpeipe. small coqt.—NienoLpoN, 587, Attheydale rd..Elbeffield.

T,eat Trwitment. 8 page poimphlet. AddressPd ertvelope.—JoumsoN. 14, Cave se., Bristol, a

-C-10Z11151A. Skin rash. Bad Legs, guaranteed certain care. n Send 28. P.O.—R. AYLOR, 127, Featherstone rd., N., Oldham.

ALL SKIN THOLTBLR4.—The very NAL Ointment. tt Bowden' s Indian Balm. Sample.—BOWDEN'S. Rack - field. Barnstable.

ININGINTION. Constipation 'Cure, without drugs or expenses. Particulars, 10.—JamEs. 26 Orummuck et., Ifightown, Manchester.

lLES.—Permanently Cured by Pile-ene, In tine, le. lke., 2s, 6d., 4e. 6d.. noet free, from PILIS-lINE CURE CO., Silver Arcade, Leiceqter.

SAVB YOUR HARS.—Rellable, safe cure for deafness, earache. noises in the head, &c. ; post free is. Id.—From SAYvEBE, Victoria Buildings, Southport.

CSCARA. TABLETS for indigestion. Constipation, Liver, (ice. 50 74.. 100 9d-, 500 3s. 6d., post free.—Low, Manu- facturing Chemist, Southern Cross, Sussex.

isTo harassiniz CORNS sites using Dr. Jenner's Corn Plaister, Painless but efficacious ; send 371 a. stamp, - HPALL. 68, West Hill, Wandsworth. London.

Me be tet.

TO LT 17, FOLLY LAISH.—Apply WOODS & SON I Solinitorp. Horae.masket Street, Wmrrington.

TO LET, LARGE WORKSHOP suitable for joiner. Olean 1 and dry.—Apply RIGBY, 40, March et., Warrington.

"Nil ATRIMONIA.L TIMEIB," the nest and quickest intro ductory medium for all desiring a matrimonia alliance; price 6d., in sealed enyelope.—Address BDITOR Robert Radford, 5, Featherstone Buildings, Holborn, W.

TEA Lead bought, best prioe.—F. THOMPSON. 74, Quinn 1.. Sq., Waterloo 1.0.. 8.14.

CILOVBS.—Direct from factory. bend for price list. —A. k...X GENT, North Nnd, Potters Bar.

IUOR Wholesale Price List of 30 and 41d. bazaar goods .1: write SCARR, Market, Leeds.

QTAUNTON lerrace,Ohe43-13C-ard for sale. cost £4; flue condition.—Address BrADFIELD, Bungay.

g CABINET COPIES, any photo you send. 2s. 6L; dozen 1.." 3s. M.; postage 2d.—WoonaLL, Burwash.

STRONG Van. at quantity of DAlry Shop Furniture.— 73, BELMONT RD.. West Green, Tottenham.

SPBOIAL SALE—Cheap Rubber Goode. List and simple three stamps.—HALL, South et., Wareham.

URITNIT positively exterminates all Nits, DrAndruff, &c. 11 Under cover, 6cl.—Roin, 72, Paget st., Cardiff.

LORRY'S Perfect Violin Strings ; magnificent tone. Sample 1 string 4d —PERRY. Bishop's Stortford. Herts.

RBB —lOO Stamps (Oatalogued. Es. 64.) to persons send- -12 lug foe approval sheets.—WlNG. Nalnridge. Boston.

CHRAP PRINTIN I—Sample 100 lei Billheacie,Memos G or Clarris, is. 2d.—CHILNDLICR. Printer.

JOR CRRAM FORMULA.—Beerets reveled; e,,ononnioal ; 2s. P. 0.0. ; worth pounds.—Tem.on ohurwell

SILVBR3HINTO Plate Polisb ; liquid ; absolutely tne beep ; Boz. bot. le.. or wholesale.—Joalts, Whltobureb, Haute.

BARG4lN.—tovely Rolled Gold Reeklet and P.ndent, se. Splendid value.—Kreme, Sandy. St. Anet.ll, Cornwall.

A MATEURS.—Send 6d stamps Ulf' specimen sheet 'Trazie. Receipts and Secrets.'—HuaTmer, 4 Hosier lane, R.C',

MO SMALL TRADESMEIN.-1000 Handbills 3s earrings I paid. Clash with order.—' HERALD Wonica. Rpworth.

"IDULL Size Military Bides, 15s. 6d., carriage paid. Splendid 1.7 weapons. Used on many rifle ranges. Ball Cartridges, 6d. per dozen.—B. BARB & Co., 87, Long lane. London 8.0.

wIN REGULATILY.—StrongIy recommended : Velocief, Dalkeith, Vasco, Slaveaway, Gold SanT. Private Intelligence wires 10s. week.—H. RAYMoND, 73, Emmanuel rd.. Balbam.

TNORHASE YOUR INCOMIC BY TISADING.—Send for William Cotton's ss. parcel of Jewellery, Hosiery, Lace, Haberdashery, Overalls. —WEEKDAY CROSS, Nottingham. Itstablishe4 1848.

riltlß OCCULT RIIVILiW should be taken fn by all those Interested into the deeper mysteries of life and death. It is at once popular and scientific, and enjoys an influential connection amongst the highest soot& and literavy circles. Annual subscription, 7s.—Write for sample copy and pro- spectus to WILLIAM RIBBR Box, Limited, 364 Aldersgate it., London. 8.%

Southport.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, June 22, 1907.

l3atfiellantous, on goaltO, ett.

1/otelo, OpOrosS, Zoarllinq 00tabs.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
HA.IIIiOGATIt WATREW at home. P.O. la. ld.—C. W.. 10, Reuben Place, Leeds.

LADIRS' 9 ct. Gold Watch and long Guard. 255. lot.— LEWIS. 48. Gordon rd., Cardiff.

SPEO lAL method to develop strong lungs, 2s. 6d.—F. BUDDEN, 2, Crown Gardens, Brighton.

VIOLIN WITH BOW. well modelled, good tone. Bs. 6d.— V C. Mose, 6. Cambridge Terrace, Kew.

TUNR ONLY.—Genuine Rdigon Records 188. dozen on easy V payments.—DßAPEß. Organette Works. Blackburn.

500 uXCHLLRNTLY printed Bullheads. post free.2B. 6d —COLE, 256. Bummer Lane, Birmingham.

100 IVORY VISI CMG CARDS (name address), la.; agents wanteA.--JscKsoN, Stony Stratford. ,

LADY offers 6 beatifully frilled pillowslips for 4s. 9d.; approval.—Manam SMYTHE 106 Crystal Palace rd.

AHANDSOME PRESENT, value 10s., free to all about to Marry.—Send stamp to H.,85 Coal Clough lane,Burnley.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
3nratirtents, 'hart, Brt.

CAF or COMMHILOIAL TlOTHL.—Buccessful start with B small capital.—WrPo TomtrisoN. Bull at., Blrminwham.

JOHN WALKER & PRINTERS, BOOKBINDER Bewsey Street, Warrington. PRINTERS, LITHOGRAPHER WI BOOKBINDERS, PAPER-RULERS. SPECIALITY : ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION. PRINTING OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS. CONCERTS TEA PARTIES SOIREES SERMONS BALLS MEETINGS &c., &c BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULERS, ac THE EXAMINER SERIES. ESTIMATES FREE, LITHOGRAPHERS. BOOKB(NDERS. STATIONBRS. P RINTING OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS, IN ALL ITS BRANCHES.

BRUEISHLS. —First Class board residenoe. Very moderate. Mme. DRAPINR, 87, Avenue toison d'or.

BLA OKP 0 0 L.—APART MBNTS.--Idre. THOMAS HILL (of Rochdale). 28, Hornby rd., off Central Drive.

BLAOKPOOL.— Mtg. WFSTALL„ 68 Bolton at., South Shore ; APARTMBNTS ; piano; bath ; or. Promenade.

DLACKPOOL.—APAHTMENTS, near T.E. Stdtion and li sea, is. each person.—Virs, JoNES, 38, High st, Piano.

BLACKPOOL.-51(re. SHAW, 37. Hull rd.; near sea, Central Station. and amusements.

T)LELOKPOOL.— APARTNIRNTS (public and private) near station and sea.—WoumaLL, 29,0ocker st. North Shore.

TFLACXPOOL.—Visitors 21. per bed two persons; JJ BOARDHRS 4s. 61. per day; good accommodation for cyclists ; truly a borne from borne ; near sea and Central Btation.—Mrs. BARKER'S, Tbornsett House, 11, Hornby rI.

apartmento, furntEibtb llott6ts, etc

DUXTON (Near).—Comfortable ROOMS L.) be Let in n Farmboose.—The Marton FARM, HardiOW.

GOOD LODGINGS for two respectable Men.—Mrs. Wriatrasozr, 36, l'erey at., Warrington.

I LANGOED BEAUMARIS.—Sitting-room and one or two 1J Bedrooms.—Apply Mrs. HUGTIII9, 3, Mena i vtew.

MOHHCANIBB (Central), one minute from the sea ; bath and plano.—Mrs. TOWNLEY', 33 Huston 01:

MORECAMBE, W.E.—Mrs. TIFIYEUTR4T, Sept View Howie, 4, Windsor Terrace, Sandylands.—Public and Private Apartments.

MOHIWAMBIL—WHLL-FURNISH HD VILLA; month or longer; 2 entertaining, 4 bed rooms, bath ; coach, borne, stabling ; electric light.—Mte. ScoTT, Oreta Bank, Morecambe, W E.

OLD COLWYN.—APARTSIIINTS ; ePR view; near golf links.—Miee HARPER, " Chalfont," Koillere rd.

HYL.—Superlor APARTIIRDITS, near sea; large rooms; batb.—Mrs. Rota, l'enrhos, 37, River at.

L) HYL. —Comfortable APART 51 HI NTS near sea, public or 1 V private.—Huaar GREEN, Butterton rd.

RHYL.—Clean. Respentahle APARTISHNTS. centrally situated; happy surroundings; home. —lB, VALE RD,

SPIEIND vonr Holiday at Folkestone. List houses post free tram Virstirzn, House Agent. Folkpetone.

SUNNY DEGANWY near Llandudno. APARTMENT-8 near Shore end Station.—Mrs. HILL, 2 West View.

Mr. HALDANE has carried MR. HALDANE'S the third reading of his SUCCESS. Territorial • and Reserve Forces Bill against the vote of a curiously-mixed Opposition. On Tues.. day the Nationalists and Labour men were voting against each other on a matter on which the Irish members felt deeply, because Mr. PETE CURRAN'S chances have been greatly reduced at Jarrow through the appearance of a Nationalist candidate in the field. On Wednesday, however, the two parties below the gangway on the left-hand of the Speaker, buried the hatchet for the time being, and coalesced in opposition to Mr. HALDANE. There were Liberals opposed to the Bill, with Sir CHARLES DILKE at the head of them, and there were Conservatives pro nouncedly in its favour, amongst them being Mr GEORGE WYNDHAM. Of COUTIO, Mr. ARNOLD FORSTER remained hostile up to the last. Mr. HALDANE can never have thought with any hope- fulness of conciliating that right hon. gentleman, whose bitterness of spirit is a constantly operating factor, and destroys :whatever influence he might exercise if there were in his disposition a little more sweetness and light. The House of Commons has in the main treated the measure as if it wore one to be left to the experts. In the later stages there have been vast areas of empty green benches. That there was always a good supply of members in attendance became evident whenever a count was moved, but for hour after hour the discussions seem to have been carried on by members much fewer than the number which is recognised as constituting a House. We are not disposed to complain of this circumstance, however, seeing that the

===== 0002601_19070622_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
-'lt

majority of members cannot possibly possess a te2hnical knowledge of the :subject, and the Inatters:under discussion were to la large extent technical. Uninformed criticism: is much worse than a petulantly hostile criticism in such a case. Disagreement with the War Minister on hie:own side:has been concerned, not so much withlthe details of his scheme as with the expenditure Which it must involve. Mr. HALDANE has, in fact, disappointed the economists. As for the bulk of members of the House of Commons, they nave felt that they 'might safely leave the matter in the hands of the:SzeRBTARY 0311 WAR, Be has emerged from the severe trial of conducting the Bill through the IHouse with a greatly enhanced reputation. He is alMinister who spares no pains. He has a firm grasp of affairs, and he knows his subject so thoroughly that he was never taken unawares orlound to be at a loss, even by the experts. He is perceived 'to be a man with an enormous capacity for work, with a frame that work does not tire, end with a mind that is always on the alert. With his other great qualities, be combines extreme navity of manner. Criticism never m)ves him to anger, but only broadens his smile and increases bus willingness to explain. His scheme may be this or that; it cannot possibly be worse than the schemes of his predecessors and there is good reason to hope that it will turn out to be much better. It has yet to be tested by time. In the Meantime, however, Mr. HALDANE has shown himself to be both a great Parliamentatian and a strong administrator. As a personal success, the carrying of his Bill through its third reading must have realised his expectations,however highly they may have been placed.

There are Traders and Non- MINISTERS AND Traders even in ParliATnBnt, CONTRACTS. and a point was raised in the House of Commons on Thursday, which is of particular interest to Warrington people. Sir F. Banbury drew atten- tion to the fact that a contract for beer had been Placed with a firm in which the First Lord of the ,Admiralty, Lord Tweedmouth, was largely Interested. Though Mr. Robertson explained that Lord Tweedmouth had nothing to do with the contract, Mr. Austen Chamberlain, still smarting from the publicity with which the name of Chamberlain was identified with contracting com- Panies during the South African war, pursued the Subject with some bitterness. Mr. Haldane's Words in 1900 were quoted on the point, and he himself was drawn into the debate. 'The Secretary for War argued that his contention 11, ad always been that the small shareholder in a large company could not be objected to, but that ' The question was the question of controlling interests in private companies, companies in uhich gentlemen held interests which might in the eyes of the public give them a certain amount of control." Mr. Chamberlain refused to admit either the accuracy of the statement or the logic of the con- clusion. The same point has been emphasized and taborated by the Non-Traders in Warrington,and l‘as been met with the same perverse obtuseness. " is not the small shareholder in the large company who i 3 condemned as a trader, but the entleman with a directorship or controlling tirnence in a small or private company. The dis- `inction could not be much clearer to the average 1113hiased mind. Which category Lord Tweed- comes under is not very material, seeing „at he was absolved on all hands from any ponal acquaintance with the matter at issue. there is anything invidious in Lord Tweed- -1 ow..(lnth's position as affected by this particular c tract, we have no doubt that he will hasten to inform with the high standard of public probity has from the first been set up and main- tained by the members of the present Government.

After all, the Bible has not THE BIBLE IN THE been banished from the SCHOOLS. schools as a result of the I Government's Education Bill. Time and reflection seem to have brought all sects to a more reasonable frame of mind, the Churchmen in particular displaying now a spirit nt sweet reasonableness altogether foreign to their previous attitude on the question of religious I teaching. A:syllabus defining the Bible instruction and religious observances in Warrington Council 135h0015 has this week been almost unanimously adopted by the Ilducation Committee. In reality it amounts to the undenominational teaching 'Which Churchmen declared they would never accept. The teachers are" to read the Bible and give explanations and instructions therefrom in „ ‘an principles of Christian religion and morality as are suited to the capacities of the children." One 13r two members appeared to think that the 'exPlanations would be bound to take on a denomi- national hue in accordance with the beliefs the individual teachers, and that diffi- eu!ties would arise in consequence but, we think with Mr. Upson, that the teachers can be trusted to exercise a wise discretion in the matter, and avoid any religious difficulty whateve7. The aYllabus strikes the mean between sectarian and ascular teaching, and proves that a halfway course „ean be devised if all sects, and particularly the thurchm en, are prepared to concede something ni reason in order to keep the Bible in the schools. Canon Stevenson,—than whom there is no stauncher adherent of the Church and State—has 11,150 faith in the teachers and in the syllabus. "The Teachers," he said "valued the privilege of !aeing able to give such lessons as might I,nculcate in the children a higher sense of nwty and some elementary knowledge of the great principles of the Christian religion, es well as instil Into them some love for the Lord Jesus Christ." Ye further admitted the value of religious teach- ing and the wisdom of preserving it even in an nndenominational form. The difficulties of the question have apparently been magnified, and we I,ltre hopeful—indeed confident—that the problem la for the time being solved. Any recurrence of sectarian strife can only have one end—secular teaching pure and simple, which to Churchmen and Catholics at any rate is a very real bogey.

The long-anticipated Infirm- THE INFIRMARY ary bazaar has been the BAZAAR. great event of the week. The amelioration of human tuffering is one of those sacred "causes which unite ,1113 all, and this effort for a noble institution has "en taken up with the greatest enthusiasm by ...representatives of all sections of the community. Everything augured for a triumphant success and fLe,rvent indeed were the hopes that the clerk of L'ae weather would respect the occasion and eetow an abundance of sunshine to crown the °l,hours of those who had joined so untiringly in the work of preparation. Wednesday afternoon Ives beautifully fine and the stallholders did a °risk business, but later the outlook became threatening and many would-be visitors preferred to stay at home. The bazaar was re-opened on Thursday to the accompaniment of a deluge, and the rain continued so persistently that the ground Iv..,as soon in a sodden state. Under these condi- '°fle peoplecould not blamed for foregoing al fresco atonements, but although mud abounded so did /11°Tley, and by Thursday night the takings had leached over £l,OOO. Yesterday there was an !flaproyement in the weather and people flocked In very large numbers to the beautiful grounds of Cliffe "—which by the way are alone well worth a visit. We hope that before to-day ti°aes little of the 0,000 required will remain to .11 raised. The promoters are exceedingly anxious at the extension shall be opened free from debt 1y..3d the result of the bazaar ought to relieve them misgivings on the point. The cause is one tinich should appeal to everyone, while the attrac- eoflB of the bazaar are such as to ensure real :30Yment to the visitors. Warringtonians are jnr behind in their response to the calls of rity and we have every oonfidenee that, if only

the weather will he kinder, they will maintain their reputation on this occasion. 5'41.10 Lord Robert Cecil is much A PARLIAMENTARY WO earnest a Parliament- FREAK arian to indulge in the foolish pastime of practical joking. Yet the notice which he gave to the Speaker of the House of Commons had much the appearance of an ill-timed flight of humour. As all the world knows, the Government intends next Monday to propose a resolution dealing with the mlmentous question of the House of Lords. It is the most important business of the session. All parties are waiting for the great pronouncement, with which is to be started a campaign which may end Heaven alone knows where. No one, to judge from the reports of speeches on either hand, wishes to postpone the debate or to shirk the issue. It is at this moment that Lord Robert, the scion of a great family of Parliamentarians, chooses to demonstrate the absurdity of the rules by which the House of Commons is regulated. The laws of the most grandmotherly assembly in Europe provide that no motion shall be made which will anticipate a matter already appointed for discussion. Lord Robert has, therefore, given notice of his intention to ask leave of the House to bring in a bill dealing with precisely the same subject as the Premier's carefully-elaborated resolution. The effect of this will be to render the resolution itself out of order. It is this object which Lord Robert wishes to achieve, not for the purpose of burking the House of Lords discussion,but to demonstrate the urgent necessity of a reform in the rules of the House which shall avoid so absurd a position being possible. Fortunately for the equanimity of the House, Lord Robert withdrew his notice yesterday. The object-lesson ought not to be with- out its advantages, for there may be occasions when the power to obstruct in the manner demonstrated may have a very irritating effect, and occasion much Parliamentary inconvenience. The possibilities or the situation were realised, it will be remembered, to some purpose recently, when the promoters of a motion dealing with the Woman's Suffrage question found themselves stopped by a similar process. The Government has already promised to take the whole question of" blocking motions" into consideration, and this action on the part of a member of the Opposi- tion should settle its determination to fulfil the pledge. --1

It seems a singular thing THE CHEERFULNESS that a man should devote OF MARK TWAIN. himself to making cheerful- ness a science. One would have thought that everybody knew how to be cheerful, but one of the comic things of life is to see how seriously some people take it. In this world one wants little more than food and a light suit like Mr. Clemens's. To call on every man for evidence of his indebtedness to Mark Twain would make a strange assize. One would go back to his first reading of " A Tramp Abroad" and "The Innocents Abroad," and perceive that the indelatedness ranged from "The Jumping Frog "—it is now; alas forty years since Jim Smiley filled it up with buckshot —to the new issue of the "North American , Review," to say nothing of the morning paper. Mark Twain is an artist as well as a humorist— witness the fact that every shot tells, and that seine of his descriptions in "More Tramps Abroad" (now about ten years old) linger in the memory still. Mark Twaiu—and there is more than humour in the advertisement of the fact—has reduced the question of rest to an exact science, and that is no doubt the secret of the fact that the old gaiety holds to the end. This is one of the parables of the prophet to this age. Mark Twain is as bright, as unexpected, and as daring as ever. He is still as mirth-provoking. Mr. Clemens must have indigestion sometimes, like other people, but his humour merely declines to sarcasm. Whatever else is to be said of Mr. Clemens, he has Anglat-Saxon grit and enterprise. The "Tom Sawyer "life, he told Mr. Kipling, wag "all the boy I have known or recollect " ; and that is highly significant. Some rough handling has gone to the polishing of the diamond. It is a , great boon, this invincible cheerfulness, but that a , man should set himself to get it, rather than to get some other thing in the world, must ever seem an amazing thing to this generation. Therein Mr. Clemens is a prophet.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

The liveliest selection at Crosfield's last week was the quick-step " Silly Kate." No bricks please ! Save them for re-building. * * * The painful news is to hand that because of the glut of new potatoes the Jersey farmers are faced with ruin. Isn't it always the way? As soon as the poor consumer is able to purchase luxuries at 6, moderate price somebody howls that he is being ruined. * * *

The total wealth of the United Kingdom being £11,500,000,000, 5,009,000 people possesses £10,900,000,000, and 39,000,000 people possess £600,000,000. About 95 per cent, of the entire wealth of the United Kingdom is owned by about one-ninth of its population. o 0 elt Crosfield's Band is carrying all before it in the various competitions, and it is a question which approaches nearest" Perfection "—the music or the soap. There seems to be a most happy combination of both at Bank Quay. Which of the two the firm will shortly be most famous for we should not like to predict.

One of the " features " of the Pte at Hill Cliffe is the sight of Mr. Henry Greenall in the role of barman. There he stands in the refreshment tent, sleeves rolled up, and apron on, ready to serve all and sundry with liquid refreshment. We don't blame Mr. Greenall we admire him for his self-sacrifice and indifference to appearances. There are not a great many gentlemen of means who would care to have their private park cut up for the purposes of a bazaar, and who would further demonstrate the whole-heartedness of their enthusiasm by serving in the bar. *

Staid as they may be as a deliberative assembly the Warrington Guardians of the Poor thoroughly enjoy themselves when out for the day. On Thursday they held their annual trip and visited the Dukeries. One of the large party which went, thoughtfully provided himself with a plentiful supply of strawberries, but these he was not fated to enjoy as they were promptly commandeered and disposed of by his colleagus. Singularly enough the weather at Sherwood Forest was in direct contrast to that which prevailed in War- rington, the sun shining brilliantly mosVf the day. * * * The Lords have been discussing a Bill to permit women to sit on public bodies. "Then, thank good- ness," writes an attenuated married male, "that the bodies of husbands can in no sense be regarded as public."—Lord Crewe, in moving the second reading of the above measure, laid stress upon the extreme usefulness of women in taking care of lunatics. Does his lordship seriously suggest that this fact readers a woman peculiarly eligible for election to County Councils ?—" London Opinion."

Mr. John Burns, who in odd moments is writing his reminiscences, has been spcitking of the extra- ordinary mortality among the once famous band of Labour leaders. Nearly all of them," he said, "are either dead or shattered in health except myself —and I have always had the constitution of an ox. William Morris, Tom Af`Carthy, and Eleanor Marx- Aveling are dead; Ben Tillett, H. H. Champion, and Keir Hardie are ill; and Cunningham° Graham and Bernard Shaw have long ceased to participate actively in i the movement.' It s the strenuous life !" * * * The most useful thing the long run.—Breath.— , " Globe."

- - Charity begins at a bazaar and often ends in a deficit.—" Westminster Gazette." Knowledge is proud that he has leam'd so much;

===== 0002601_19070622_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
b 1

===== 0002601_19070622_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19070622_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 22, 1907

wisdom is humble that he knows no more.—COWPER. Any right-minded girl would sooner wear a new hat that didn't suit her than an old hat that did.—Fa RICHARDSON. We have no more right to consume happiness with- out producing it than to consume wealth without pro- ducing it. —GEORGE BERNARD SHAW. 1 0 An apparently clodpated countryman offered a ! Quaker hatter fifteen shillings for a new beaver. " As I live," said the Quaker, " I cannot afford to let thee have it at that price." "As you live, very likely ' not," replied the would-be purchaser, "but live more moderately, and be hanged to you ! " " Friend,"• said the Quaker, "thou mayst h..ve this hat for nothing."—" T.P.'s Weekly." * * Jarrow. just now the most interesting spot politi- cally in England, owing to the fight of four candidates for one seat, is (says a "Manchester Guardian "corres- pondent) one of the most sternly industrial of place,. It is a collection of huge cranes, chimneys, and 1(.,v browed cottages. It is one of the few towns whe; e these one-decker dwellings can be seen. Black ad uninviting as it is, it contains, hidden in a wilderness of colliers' houses, one of the most sacred historical spots in the country. This is the little hill on which stand a few scraps of ancient wall surrounding the church—remnants of Jarrow monastery, founded in the seventh century. Here lived and worked, as student, monk, scholar, and historian, the Venerable Bede, "candle of the English Church." Bede refused to leave his cell in Jarrow even to see the Pope ; here he toiled at his books, and laboured at winnowing and threshing the monastic corn, giving milk to the lambs and calves and taking his share in the garden and bakehouse. He died here just as he finished the last words of his translation of the Gospels, and was buried in the porch of the church, where, almost until Norman times, crowds of pilgrims came to visit his tomb.

i ' Catholic Young Men's Society. Under the auspices of the Warrington Catholic Young Men's Society, a meeting will be held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, to-morrow evening,at 8 o'clock. The speakers will include Mr. W. Madden and Councillor Burke, vice-president of the C.Y.M.S., i of Great Britain. : Ragged School's New President. A special meeting of the trustees of the Warrington Ragged School and Mission was held last night to . elect a president in the place of Mr. J. Charlton Parr resigned. Councillor Skelland presided and on the proposition of Mr. C. E. Parker, Mr. James Dodds was unanimously elected to the office. The formation of a Labour Herne was discussed and several handsome . donations promised by the President and other gentlemen. "Ls-FRANCIS," "PREMIER," and " BUDGE- WHITwORTir " CYCLES. Price from £4 10s. Cash or easy payments.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Music in the Park. Walkers' Brewery Band will occupy the stand in the Park on Sunday and play the following pro- gramme : —Hymn, " Warrington," Harrison; march, 1" Expedition," Allison ; overture, " Golden Star," 'Greenwood; cornet solo, " Fathers Angel," Heidery l(Mr. J. W. Winstanley) ; fantasia, " Sylvii,', Rimmer; selection, "II Barbiere," Rossini; " Nationa Anthem." The Rev. J. Hirst. News of the resignation of the Rev. J. Hirst from the position of Organising Secretary of the Church of England Temperance Society will be received with great regret, both in Liverpool and this district Mr. Hirst is in poor health and proposes to cease his duties on the last day of the present year. He has held this onerous position for tvventy-four and a half years, and rendered most capable and ungrudging service. During his term of office the income of the . Society, the extent of its operations, and the staff have increased tenfold. The finances to-day are in a healthy state and the property in good order. We are sure that a very large circle of people will wish Mr. Hirst a happy and comfortable retirement. f TAILOR-MADE CYCLE BREECHES from Gs. 11d.— BANKS, Outfitter, Horsemarket st.—Advt. Eggs 18 for Is.—ASRLEY'S, Sankey st.—Advt. Another Victory for Crosfield's Band. This combination was again successful at the con- test held at Hereford on Wednesday in connection with the Worcestershire Agricultural Show, carrying off the first prize not only for the selection but for the march. The other entries included Irwell Bank, Northfield (Bristol) along with Aberdare, A.bertillery, Powell's Tillery, Blaina, and Mountain Ash —the best bands, in fact, of Wales. Of these Mountain Ash came second in the selection and Blaina in the march. Under the terms of the contest the winners were engaged to play at the show on the following day and the huge crowd present on Thursday therefore had another opportunity of hearing Crosfield's hand and showing appreciation. By this last success the band has achieved the remarkable record of three first prizes in the four contests so far entered this year. Death From Overeating. At an inquest on Tuesday on the body of Margaret Sutton, 2, Cropper Brow, who died suddenly early on Monday morning, Dr. Smith stated that death was due to syncope caused by overeating.—Giving evidence the husband of the deceased woman informed the Coroner with no little indignation, that when he went Dr. Peacock at 6.30 on Monday morning he refused to go to his wife. —Mr. Brighouse: But your wife died at 5.30.- Did you tell the doctor she was dead ? —Witness : yes, and he told me to go away.— Mr. Brighouse : I should imagine he did, I can picture him puttings head out of the window and telling you to be off, at that hour —A verdict of" death from natural causes" was returned. qteIPUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEsT BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Wear BANK'S Ladies and Gent's Gloves.—Advt. Visit to Crosfield's Works On Monday afternoon a party of students from the dyeing and chemical department of Bradford Technical College visited Bank Quay and by permission of the directors were shown through a number of departments of special interest,under the guidance of Mr. J. Allen and members of the laboratory staff who explained the various processes. Tea was subsequently served in the managers' luncheon room. Before the departure of the guests Dr. Lloyd who in the unavoidable absence of Professor Gardner led the party, thanked the directors for their hospitality and Mr. Allen for the extremely courteous and interesting way in which he had conducted them through the works. At the same time he complimented the directors on their efforts to • ensure the comfort and welfare bf the employees,Nvhich Ihe felt sure would be amply repaid in the quality of the services rendered. Mr. Darlington briefly responded on behalf of the firm. "LEA-FRANCIS," "PREMIER," and " RIIDGE- WHITWORTH " CICLES. Price from 10s. Cash 1 or easy payments.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Ambulance Inspection at Warrington. Members of Warrington and Crosfield's Corps of! the St. John Ambulance Brigade were inspected on Wednesday evening by Mr. W. P. Woodcock, chief superintendent of No. 4 (North-Western) District. Some 60 men mustered, and the officers on parade were: Captain Waring, chief superintendent of Warrington ; Mr. S. Balslry, superintendent ; Mr. F. Taylor, second officer ; Mr. Studer, superintendent Crosfield's Corps. Mr. F. Rose, first officer. The nursing division, under the command of Miss Hackett, were also inspected. The men performed several evolutions with considerable smartness, and were complimented by Mr. Woodcock, who said that in his report to the Deputy Commissioner it would give him pleasure to say that they had given satisfaction. He would like to call their attention to the military home hospital reserve,formed for the purpose of assisting the army corps on active service. He hoped many names would be enrolled from Warrington and that those who entered their names would be prepared to carry out the obligations. They were not, however, compelled to go on active service and could withdraw if altered circumstances made it necessary. Guardians' Trip to the Dukeries. The Warrington Union Guardians and officials on Thursday held their twientieth annual excursion, Sherwood Forest and the Dukeries being visited. , Rain fell early in the morning and as a consequence the attendance was not so large as usual but those who ' braved the elements spent a most enjoyable day, the weather in the Dukeries being brilliantly fine. The party left Warrington Central Station at 8 o'clock and on arriving at Worksop at 10.45 proceeded to the Cattle Market Inn where luncheon was served Immediately afterwards a start was made on the 28 mile drive through Sherwood Forest and the Dukeries to Welbeck where the seat of the Duke of Portland was visited and the , subterranean passages, &c., inspected. Welbeck was left at 4.40 and Worksop again reached half an hour later. Here an excellent dinner was served, after which the party were left to their own devices until 7.5 when the return journey was commenced, War- rington being reached about three hours later. Throughout the day only one brief shower of rain fell and the outing was greatly enjoyed by all. Those , who made the journey were :—Messrs. A. J. Jolley, I • (chairnlan of the Trip Committee), J. Backhouse, G. ' Mather,W. Stanier,W. Efoughton,A. Brooks, R.Bolton, VT. C. Brooks, M. W.Seton, (guardians), J. Payton,(ex- guardian), S.Sutton (assistant clerk and founder of the trip), T. Bowes,B. Shearer (secretary), J.Smith,Lister, ' G. Howard, A. Robins, J. Newton, W. Littlefair, H. [ . Singleton, H. Isherwood, T. Birtles, J. Atkinson, T. Weir, W. Fairclough, A. Mynekyme, J. Whitlow, J. Fairclough, jun., R. Fairclough, H. Darbyshire, T. : Partridge, R. Walker, S. N. Green, Frankish, G. : Finnerty, J. W. Houghton, and Heatherington, and . Drs. Bennett, Peacock, Braide, -Valentine, Dowling . and Fox (St. Helens). Additional interest was lent to the occasion by the fact that the Assistant Clerk to the Guardians had that day completed his thirty-fifth , ear of service in the Union Offices and he was the ' ecipient of hearty congratulations and best wishes.

Athletic Sports. The annual sports in connection with Messrs. Cros- field's Athletic Club will be held this afternoon on the football ground. Valuable prizes will be competed for and in addition to the usual events the programme will include a ladies' cycle race for which there are a large number of entries. Messrs. Crosfield's band will be in attendance. CELLULAR SHIRTS from 2/6—BANKs,O atfitter.-Advt. LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Adtv. ' Caretakers' Meeting. Caretakers of Warrington elementary schools attended in large numbers, a meeting held on Saturday, at which an address on the formation of a federation for Warrington and district was delivered by Mr. Oliver, of Liverpool (president of the Liverpool branch and vice-president of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Federation of Care- takers). Particular stress was laid on the objects—to improve the present and prospective condition of its members, to regulate, as far as possible, the relation between caretakers and employers, and to encourage social and fraternal intercourse amongst its members and their interest and well-being. Mr. Curtis (secretary Burnley and District Branch), Mr Kemp (Bradford Branch), and Mr. Williams (Liverpool), also spoke. It was unani- mously decided to form a branch in Warrington, and to affiliate with the Lancashire and Yorkshire Federa- tion.

"LA-FRANCIS," " PREMIER," and " BUDGE- WHITWORTH " CYCLES. Price from £4 10s. Cash or easy payments.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. BLOUSES, a grand selection from is. 110.— BANKS, Outfitter, Horsemarket st.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S

"ROYAL GINGER"

BISCUITS.

THE NEW TEA TABLE DELICACY

===== 0002601_19070622_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Oitt*ri.ft

===== 0002601_19070622_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19070622_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
WALKING DAY. PREPARATIONS FOR NEXT FRIDAY'S

FESTIVAL.

Friday next is Walking Day, and for this day of days in the lives of the children, great preparations are being made. The all-absorbing question at present is: Will the weather be fine? The unseasonable conditions of the past week have given some anxiety, for a wet Walking Day is a great calamity. How- ever, the townspeople are looking forward hopefully to a great improvement. Only given sunshine, and the Walking Day of 1907 will, we are sure, be quite as successful as any which the old town has seen. for many weeks school officials have been busy pushing forward the arrangements, and there will be nothingl wanting on their part to ensure a happy day. From an early hour the streets will present animated scenes. Then the processions gay with banners and headed by bands discoursing lively airs, will move on their wgy to the lawn facing the Town Hall—the place of assembly of the Church of England and Noncon- formist schools. Promptly at ten o'clock the signal will be given for the Blue Coat School children —who always have the place of honour —to lead off the pro- cession through the centre arch. The schools will leave in the following order :

(1) Blue Coat School and Band. - (2) Padgate Industrial School and Band. (3) Parish Church and St. Helen's Church, Holinfare. (4) St. George's Mission. (5) St. Clement's Mission. (6) St. Peter's School. (7) St. Paul's. (8) St. Ann's. (9) Holy Trinity. (10) St. Luke's. (11) Factory Yard Mission. (12) St. James's. (13) St. Barnabas' (14) Emmanuel Reformed Church. (15) Beckley-street. (16) Salvation Army and Band. (17) Ragged School and Drum mad Fife Band. The usual route Arpley-street, Wilson Patten- street and Bridge-street—will be followed. As far as can be gathered, the procession will not present many new features but will as in former years be mainly imposing as a demonstration of strength. In the afternoon thore will be an invasion of fields in all parts of the district, where the youngsters will be able to romp to their hearts' content. There will be the usual sports—which are certain to be contested with great keenness, and tea will he provided. If the day is fine, a happy time is assured. Following the example of previous years, most of the Nonconformist schools will content themselves with a procession along a short route of their own, their intention being to give the children a complete day's enjoyment in the country.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
ROMAN CATHOLIC PROCESSION.

The Roman Catholic procession is always the principal feature of Walking Day and Friday's pageant promises to excel in brilliance any previous enter- prises of the kind. Teachers and scholars alike are sparing no pains to ensure the complete success of the procession and in their efforts they have the loyal co-operation of the parents —and as a result the scene is one of the most beautiful imaginable and always lives long in the memories of those privileged to witness it. As usual the procession will take place immediately after the Church of England and Noncon- formist scholars have passed along the line of route. The display will be seen in its entirety in Bridge- street and Sankey-street, and the place of honour will be held by St. Mary's school. Large banners of , exquisite texture and workmanship will again be a magnificent feature. Theleading one will bear a copy of Murillo's famous picture "The Immaculate Con- • ception," whilst others will depict the Seven • Sacraments, and the great Saints of the Church.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW ART MASTER. Shipley Gentleman Appointat

At a meeting of the School Management Committee of the Warrinton Education Committee held yester- day tifternoon, Mr. Clarence Mawson, A.R.C.A., of Shipley, was appointed headmaster of the Warrington School of Art in succession to Mr. C. B. Aylward, who retires next month. Mr. Mawson commences his duties at the beginning of September. The remunera- tion offered is a fixed salary of £225 per annum together with a grant of 10s. for each paper in excess of 125 worked by the students of the school at the Board of Education's annual examinations, the total maximum salary not to exceed 300 per annum.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
SWIMMING NOTE&

South Hill, Liverpool, was visited on Wednesday last, this being a League match. The result was Soutk Hill 5, Warrington 4. The referee was very unsatisfactory throughout the game and a protest has been laid before the League Committee on the grounds of inefficient referee and inaccurate time-keeping. The next match is away with St. Hsiang on Tuesday, June 2.5 th.

The Committee have arranged for a match to be played here on Thursday, July 4th, the visitors being Leigh. On this occasion the first round of the Works Squadron Competition will be swam off, the competing teams being Richmonds v. Co-operatine Stores and Pearson and Knowles v. Crosffelds. The following have byes in the first round : —P. Walker and Sons, Rylands, Monks Hall, Corporation, Post Office, and Sankey Wire Mills.

There should be some very interesting swimming between the clubs drawn in the first round, especially Pearson and Knowles v. Crostlelde, both these teams having won the Shield, Pearson and Knowles last year and Gros!'kids the previous year.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Services for Sunday.

Bold-street Wesleyan Church: Preacher, 10.30 and 6.30, Mr. J. Champness, Southport. Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church: Preacher, 10.30 and 6.30. Mr. T. Wheatley. Wycliffe Congregational Church: Preacher 10.30 and 6.30, Rev. J. Yonge. Golborne-street Baptist Church: Preachers, 10_45, , Mr. E. Wynne-Jones; 6.3 C, Councillor Ball.

FREEDOM OF BOKOUGH PAWNED. That the freedom of a borough can be pawned was demonstrated in a case at Sunderland Police Court on Thursday. The defendanti'was George Cook. He had gone through the South African war, and on his return had received a war medal and the freedom of Sunder- land. He had pawned the medal and certificate of freedom. His wife made grave charges against him, and the Bench adjourned the case for three months to give them a chance of "making up.* CELL LOCK PICKED WITH BOOT-LACE. , George Thompson, a well-dressed man, was com- mitted for trial at Wilmslow on Thursday on a charge of burglary at Alderley. It was stated in court that while on remand he had actually managed to pick the lock of his cell by means of a bootlaoe, and was quietly 'walking out of the police station when he was seen and re-arrested.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

Index to Inside Pages.

Page 2 _

The Bible in the Schools. Women's Realm, etc. 3. Independent Methodism : Conference at Warrington. Short Story. 6! Wanted: a Revolution. Notes on games, etc. 7. Examination results. Where to go for the Holidays

Next to the weather this is the all-important question If you have not decided perhaps our advertising columns will help you. We publish weekly more advertisements of seaside and country apartments than any paper in the town or district Refer to page 4of this issue.

Hams Qd. per Ib.—ASHLEY'S, Sankey st.—Advt. SUITS made to measure.—BANKS, Outatter.—Advt. Military Appointment. Captain E. F. J. Vaughan, who got a company in the Manchester Regiment nearly six years ago, has, owing to the disbandment of the 3rd and 4th Battalions, been specially transferred to the South Lancashire Regiment, the "Fighting Fortieth." He will not join his new unit for some time, as he is seconded for duty under the Sirdar in Egypt. Old Blues Re-Union. A large number of old blues attended the annua re-union service at the Blue Coat School on Sunday, and were cordially welcomed by the master and matron Mr. and Mrs. Rose. Special hymns were sung and the children gave a good rendering of the anthem," Yea, like as a father." Alderman Forshaw and Mr. F. Short (secretary) took part in the service.

Destructive Brother. Fred Archer, lodging in Rose and Crown-street, was charged at the Borough Police Court, on Tuesday morning, with wilfully committing damage at the dwelling-house of his brother, Roger Archer, 171, Bewsey-road. On Sunday night prisoner, who did not live with his brother, went to the house and demanded money for his lodgings. He was refused. He then picked up a grass sod and hurled it through the window. The Chairman (Dr. Fox) said they must protect the peaceful and law-abiding people from such rascals. A fine of 20s. and costs or one month was imposed. NORFOLK Sun's from 18/6—BANKs,Outfitter.—Advt. Pure Butter 10d. per Ib.—ASHLEY'S, Sankey st.—Ad vt. Loyal Order Ancient Shepherds. The quarterly meeting of members connected with the Late Spring Rose Lodge, No. 828, was held at the Barley Mow Hotel on Saturday, June 15th, when the accounts for the past quarter were read, which show after paying £B3 Gs. for sick benefit a surplous of £l6, which is carried forward, bringing up the total funds of the Lodge to £2,185 la. 3d. —The Ledge Officers and District Delegates were then elected for this ensuing six months.—A very pleasing event then took place in presenting to P.M. William Peers, a framed emblem •of merit for services rendered to the Lodge during his term of office.—P.M Halford, in making the presentation, said it gave him great pleasure to do so, as he felt sure Bro. Peers had worked hard to further the interest of the Lodge. He hoped the recipient would live long to enjoy the pleasure of looking upon that certificate with full knowledge that it had been well earned. p.r.c.s. James Parr, P.P.C.S. F. Massey,P.P.C.S. T. Duckworth P.M. W. Ford, P.M. W. Parr, also spoke in support of the presentation to P.M. Peers. P.M. W. Peers in thanking the officers and brethren for the presentation said it had alway been his ambition to try and earn a past officers' certificate and he was pleased to find that his services had been recognised in such a substantial manner ;he would always prize it as it would con- stantly remind him of many pleasant associations with the Lodge. Cheese 4d.,5d. &6d .per —Asnr, Ey's,Sankey st.—Advt„ Above all Wear BANK3'S HATS and Cps.—Advt. P.S.A. Meetings Mr. Joseph Owen presided over the meeting of Wycliffe P.S.A-. on Sunday, and spoke upon the mission ' of Jesus and its effect upon the workers of to-day in the Christian Church. Mr. C. F. Fookes, of Man- chester, gave an address upon " Character, its foundation, structure, and all essentials." He said that in each building we put up, care had to be taken that the foundation was right. So let them bu Id upon the Rock of Ages, Christ Jesus, and see that the higher qualities of character were not neglected. Temper and all evil habits should be overcome, and then we should build •up a life for God and man. Mr. W. Pearce sang with effect, "The Wondrous Cross" and "Lead, kindly Light." Mr. W. H. Payton presided at the organ. Mr. B. Hall also took part in the meet- ing.—The Secretary proposed a vote of sympathy to two of the brethren —Mr. G. Donaldson on the death of his father, and Mr. J. Fernley, who has been sent to the St. Leonard's-on-Sea Convalescent Home, by the it ailway Men's Association.—The following resolu- tion was adopted at a meeting of the Warring- ton P.S A. Society, held in the Co-operative Hall : —(a) " That this meeting of the Warrington P.S.A. Society rejoices in the prospect of the forthcoming International Peace Conference at the Hague, and earnestly prays that its deliberations may be fruiful in promoting a right understanding and mutual trust amongst the nations represented. (b) This meeting notes with particular satisfaction that proposals towards arresting the increase of armaments are to be introduced at the Conference ; it especially thanks the Prime Minister of this country for his utterances and attitude in this matter, and trusts that all who are in favour of this urgent reform will spare no effort to bring about its attainment. (c) That for every .£l,OOO spent upon the Army and Navy £1 shall be set aside for peace propaganda and international hospitality." Jt was also decided that copies of the foregoing resolution be made and signed by the Chair- man, and forwarded to the Prime Minister;Sir E. Grey Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., and others.

PUBLIO 13111NEFIT.—IINDER THIII CLOCK EOlt BEST Boom m LANOASHIRIL—Advt.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0083.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070622_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19070622_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
I RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RIVER MYSTERY NEAR WIDNES.

On Saturday the body of a well-dressed man was found in the river Mersey near the Old Marsh, Widnes, From all appearances the body had been in the water for some considerable time and was in an advanced stage of decomposition. There was nothing to dis- cover his identity in his pocket. He was about fifty years of age, height sft. 6iu., slight dark moustache, well built, every appearance of a clerk; wearing dark suit with light stripes, dark striped trousers, white cotton shirt, and laced boots. The following were found in his possession :—A pair of gold-rimmed spectacles in a leather case bearing the following inscription: Carty and Brodgton, London; also a pair of steel-rimmed spectacles, a black pocket knife,and one pearl.cuff link. GIRL'S FATAL SAIL.

At Widnes, on Sunday afternoon, some little girls went to play at Westbank Dock, and after being there some time, they got into a boat and floated about the dock. About five o'clock one of the girls, named Lawton, shouted, "The police are coming." The three girls made a dart for a dredger close by. When almost alongside, two of the girls jumped aboard, and the other, Sarah Roach, aged tkirteen years, daughter of James Roach, chemical labourer, of Pear-street,Widnes slipped and fell into the water. There was no one about .who could attempt a rescue, and the girl went down. Shortly after assistance was procured, and Thomas Hughes went into the water and recovered the body. Artificial respiration was tried for some time,but without avail. The body was conveyed to the mortuary.

WIDNES INQUESTS.—A SERIOUS COMPLAINT. picked ismirsacrAt t.kl esrwddta ahamseyuuuWpe upon oi Bodinnrnr ntie s nhetPgho b. oleuos ideTcyerhp eorvSefetsbraiaodtni deo:yuni enohorkvsanneedoryTw: been wnee asoemtdn inquests.aaynv in iwtdhhn eieeswhich a, Twtoheaners, many weeks, and has not been identified. The jury returned a verdict of "Found drowned." —A verdict of "Accidentally drowned " was returned after the inquiry into the death of Sarah Roach, aged thirteen years, daughter of James Roach, chemical labourer, Pear-street, who was drowned in the West Bank Dock on Sunday. Deceased and several other girls went to play there, and got into a boat, when one of them raised the cry the " Police are coming." A girl named Nickson and another named Lawton, who were also in the boat, got out on to a dredger; but the last one, Sarah Roach, slipped and fell into 12ft. of water. Thomas Hughes, a young man, stripped off his clothes and entered the water, recovering the body. Artificial respiration was resorted to without avail.— Mr. William Tracey, foreman of the jury, addressing the Coroner, made a serious complaint. of taking bodies in an advanced state of decomposition to the mortuary at the hospital. He went to visit the body, the subject of the first inquiry, on Monday, and the stench was something abominable. The matron and her staff had to live there, and the cooking for the staff and patients had to be done not eight yards away. It was also in the centre of a thronged population, and he feared illnecs would ensue with its repetition. The Coroner said he knew the hospital well, and was sur- prised at the state of things. He did not know bow Nurse Nutler lived about. It was quite illegal for a body of that description to be taken there. One kind of mortuary could not be used for the purpose of another, and it was a subject that ought to be brought before notice of the local authority. A Juror.—lt was brought up in November last. Mr. Poole (solicitor).— Possibly as an election cry.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

OLD MAN FATALLY BURNED. The Deputy-Coroner held an inquiry at the St. Helens Town Hall on Monday into the death of Richard Ward, aged seventy-two, a blacksmith, of Crossley-road. Owing to an affection of the heart he was not able to follow his employment. Latterly he had become childish, and, his housekeeper had to dress and wash him. On Wednesday afternoon he was seated on a chair near the fire, and his housekeeper, who was in the yard, hearing screams rushed into the house and found deceased in flames. He had evidently been lighting his pipe. The housekeeper poured water over him, and with assistance extinguished the flames. Dr. Graham attended him and he was removed to the Providence Hospital, where he died next day. A verdict of Accidental death" was returned.

SHOCKING COLLIERY ACCIDENT. YOUTH'S AWFUL DEATH. Mr. F. A. Jones, deputy county coroner, held an inquest on Monday on Samuel Yates, aged seventeen, of 108, Ormskirk-road, St. Helens, who was killed at the Ramford Colliery on Thursday, when his skull was badly fractured owing to a number of empty waggons running away. Yates was working with Samuel Rigby, who was working a mechanical cutter. Yates was raking coal away from the machine, and was between the cutter and two full waggons of coal. The empty waggons were sent down the inclineby a haulage engine tenter, and they attained a great speed, and, dashing into the full waggons smashed Yates's head against the machine.—John Smith, collier, of 26, Bartons-row,spoke to seeing deceased struck. He liberated him but death was immediate.—Thomas Rimmer, aged thirteen, said he was sending the boxes down the road. He had been , letting them down slowly, but he was told to send them faster, as the colliers were waiting for them. He did this and when he got the signal to stop he immediately pulled down the reversing lever and put on the air, but seeing the tubs were not stopping he jumped on the hand brake with both feet, but failed to stop the waggons before they ran into the full ones.—Mr. Matthews, Government inspector, said he thought the ' youth who was selected for that work should always be older and experienced.—The jury returned a verdict of 1" Accidental death." -

- - - NEW MISSION CHURCII. The foundation stone of St. Andrew's Mission Church at St. Helens was laid on Saturday afternoon by Mrs. Chavasse, who was accompanied by the Bishop of Liver- pool. The mission church is being built to meet the need of the populous district of Denton's Green, which is included in the parish of St. Helens. The cost will be about £2,700, which will be met by the appeal fund which the vicar of St. Helens, the Rev. Cyril Bardsley, started some time ago, and by which .£1,500 has been raised. The Rev. H. S. Broadbent, curate in charge, presided at the opening ceremony —Mrs. Chavasse was presented with a silver trowel by the architect (Mr. Biram) and a mallet by the con- tractor (Mr. (Mr. Litherland), after which the stone was laid " in the faith of Jesus Christ."—The Bishop, addressing the assembly, congratulated them on the foundation of 'that mission, for it was an evidence of spiritual life. Their spiritual life was starting in a fresh direction with the laying of that foundation-stono. He thanked 'God that there was was an epidemic of church building just at present. Billinge was beautifying its church. Haydock would be building a new one shortly, and at Abram, Widnes, and Crouton they were adding to their church accommodation. All he could say, as their bishop and friend, was that he hoped that epidemic would spread, and grow stronger and stronger. The more churches they had the better it would be for the people. They were building that church in a critical time. They were threatened on some sides with disestablishment and disendowment. Even if the worst came and it was disestablished, the Church would still go go and do good work. They were also told that they were going to be disendowed, but he reminded them that not a single clergyman in the diocese of Liverpool, nor the Bishop, received one halfpenny from the State, except as prison chaplain or workhouse chaplain. The Bishop and clergy were paid by the money which people in days gone by gave to the church in the same ways as they had given to that mission chapel. The State had the petwer to take that money away by Act of Parliament,but whether it would be right to take away the money he would leave them to judge. The Church had been more and more founded on the hearts of the people, and she could face the , future without fear. In spite of all that was said about disestablishment and disendowment they went forward building and rebuildipg churches,believing that nothing could hurt the Church which was founded and carried on in the name of Jesus. Votes of thanks closed the proceedings. -.Mb-

===== 0002601_19070622_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

WARRIN'GTON POLICE V. LIVERPOOL POLICE.—On Tuesday, a main of bowls was played between the members of the above forces, on Arpley Green, by the kind permission of the members of the Warrington Cricket and Bowling Club, and resulted in a victory for the visiting team by 62 points. Scores : wARRINGTON. LIVERPOOL. Chief Inspector Phillips 5 Mr. Supt.roden (capt.) 15 P.C. Andrews 4 P.C. Calvert l5l P.C. Chrimes P.C. Burton ll Sergt. McDonald P.C. Johnson P.C. Newey lO P.C. Dodd P.C. Cooper (captain) ... 15 P.C. Hickey , P.C. Dawson P.C. Lewis P.C. Woodland P.C. Sankey l5 Inspector Dawson lO P.C. Sweeney l5 P.C. Wilkins lO P.C. Plumb 3 P.C. Clatworthy l5 P.C. Reddington

Total 124 Total 136 Majority for Liverpool, 62. After the main the visitors were entertain& to a substantial tea and an enjoyable evening was spent.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FINISHING TOUCH.

No tea table is quite complete without a good supply of that old-fashioned dainty—Currant Bread. Be sure to slice it very thin, as by this means the fruit is cut through and all the delicious flavour is drawn out. Such excellent Currant Bread is now being made by all enter- prising bakers, and its cost is so little above that of the ordinary loaf, that it is not worth the housewife's while to make it at home.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON

PASSIVE RESISTANCE.

The Rev. J. H. Rollason, Primitive Methodist minister, Earlestown, was summoned at Newton on Thursday last week for non-payment of Bs., Education rate. He did not appear, and the usual order was made

DEFRAUDING THE LONDON AND NORTH WESTERN RAILWAY.

At Warrington County Sessions on Wednesday, Mary Collier, of Earlestown,was fined 20s.and costs for travell- ing on the London and North-Western Railway from Widnes to Fiddlers Ferry without having previously paid her fare and with intent to avoid payment. It was stated that defendant joined the train at Widnes, and when passing through the ticket-collecting barrier at Warrington she offered the collector the fare from Fiddlers Ferry. Detective Coward spoke to seeing the woman join the train at Widnes. FORGEMEN'S PICNIC.

The forgemen connected with the London and North- Western Railway Company's Waggon Wo rks,Earles town had their annual picnic on Saturday,when they journeyed to Chester. A saloon was placed at their disposal and on arriving at Chester they made the Bowling Green Hotel their headquarters. After the Cathedral, Eaton Hall and other places had been visited they returned to the hotel, where an excellent tea awaited them, the usual toasts being given and thanks accorded to the managers of the trip. A few songs were sung and a very pleasant evening was spent, the party numbering about 30.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
PECULIAR NEWTON CASE.

At the Warrington County Petty Sessions on Wed- nesday, a respectably-dressed man named Garrett Ronayne, of High-street. Newton-le-Willows, was charged with stealing a grey mare, ralli oar, and set of harness, valued at £5O, the property of his father, William Ronayne.—The father said he did not appear to prosecute, and denied giving information to the police that his horse and trap were stolen.—lnspector Innes said that the prisoner was arrested on suspicion of stealing the horse and trap, but escaped and got away 2i miles before being caught. He had previously offered to sell the horse and trap for £3o.—Prisoner was remanded to Newton Petty Sessions. His father went bail to the extent of £2O.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
TFIE NEW MAGISTRATES.

The Burtonwood Parish Monthly says "The names of C. B. F. Borron, W. Ormand, W. Collingwood and E. T. Evans are among the best known in our immedi- ate neighbourhood. It is no surprise to learn that names so honourably known should have " appended to them. It is their right. We congratu- late these gentlemen on their promotion to the Bench which is always in need of some sane, merciful men, of sufficient courage to administer justice without partiality. Justices' justice, as Mr. Labouchere never tires of proving, is commonly erratic and, at times, is subject to strange halluciations. It has been said of long time that these hallucinations are due to party politics, or social bias, or, again, to crass ignorance and asinine stupidity. Our best wish for our new local , magistrates is that they may never find themselves I pilloried in the columns of "Truth." From what we know of them they run little risk of this ordeal. But whatever has become of the Labour magistrates? We looked for them but their names could nowhere be found! Are they not worthy to be numbered with the Great Unpaid ? "

===== 0002601_19070622_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
THEFT FRONT A PUBLIC-HOUSE.

John Hayes, of Ciolborne, was charged at Newton last Thursday with stealing 6s. 6d. and a spirit glass from the the Bull's Head, Lowton. He pleaded gailty, but said he remembered nothing about it.—Harriet Bates, licensee of the Bull's Head, said another gentle- man went to the bar and ordered drink. Soon after, hearing that the prisoner had been into the private bar, and noticing that a money box had been moved, she looked into the box and missed Gs. 6d. She taxed - him and said she would have him examined before he went out. He turned, saying she might examine his pockets,and as he turned one pocket for examination he took something out of his other pocket and passed it to his companion. It was intercepted and found to be the missing money, in the exact coins she knew to have been in the box. The spirit glass was in his jacket pocket.—Ernest Harrison, of Newton, who was in the house at the time, said he stopped the passage 'of the coins from the prisoner to the other man. Prisoner seemed sober.—P.C. Benson, who apprehended the prisoner, said Fe admitted the offence.—Prisoner admitted it in Court, but said he had had his head hurt in the pit, and he did not know what he doing. For the sake of his wife and children he asked the Bench to look over it; nothing of the kind should occur again.— Inspector Innes said the man had a very nice home, and nothing before was known against him.—The Chairman said the magistrates would give him a chance by merely binding him over as a first offender to come up for judgment if called on.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
MATRINIONIAL DIFFERENCES.

At Newton Petty Sessions last Thursday, George Makin, jun., Earlestown, was charged. by his wife with failing to maintain her and treating her with persistent cruelty.—Mr.?. S. Brian, of Hindley, appeared for the wife?and said she was not prepared to go on with the case because her husband had told her she need not bring her witnesses as the case would not go on. Con- sequently, her witnesses were not there, and he asked for an adjournment. —Mr. Knowles, for the defence, objected, being ready to go on. If the plaintiff chose to go to her witnesses and say the parties were going to settle the matter and they need not to go to Court, he did not agree to an adjournment. If the summons were diimissed the parties would make up their differences and be living together, the best of friends, within a week.—The Bench thought that if such an arrangement could be made it would be very much the best course, and they adjourned the case for the parties and their solicitors to confer together.—The case was accordingly adjourned for a fortnight, John Thompson, printer at Golborne paper staining works, was summoned by his wife Lilian Thompson, for persistent cruelty.—Mr. H. B. Rigby, of Leigh, appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Knowles defended. —The wife told a story of illtreatment, ending in her being kicked out of the house, on which she went home to her parents at Failsworth, near Bolton, and refused to go back. Her husband was all right when sober, but mad and violent when drunk.—Mr. Knowles represented that the plaintiff's story was a mass of exaggeration, and there would be no trouble between the parties if the plaintiff's father and mother would let them alone. —Defendant was sworn and said that was so. He denied having locked his wife out and nailed the door up against her, but admitted that. when under the Inllu3nce of drink he was a"a little bit crazy." He was willing to take his wife home.—The Chairman hoped the parties would live together, the husband promising to behave properly and the wife making allowances and taking care of her own temper.—Plaintiff: I have no temper— that's where it is.—The Chairman: We are not quite I sure of that. —Ultimately the summons was dismissed.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
DEPARTURE OF THE REV. C. L. STONE.

The members of the Legh-street Christian Endeavour Society on Monday evening bade farewell to the Rev. C. L. Stowe, the minister of the church, who is leaving shortly to join the Eccles circuit. The President (Mr. T. B. Parkes) said that that would be the last time they would have the presence of their honorary president, the Rev. 6. L. Stowe, who had taken a great interest in the Young People's Society. The founder of the society, the late Rev. Charles Finch, had worked hard for it, but be did not think if Mr. Stowe had been the founder he could have evinced a greater interest in it, and he had helped them greatly. He hoped that in his next circuit he would be well received, and hoped God's blessing would go with him and Mrs. Stowe.— Mr. Landor, the vice-president of the society, endorsed all that Mr. Parkes had said. He was sure that when Mr. Stowe left they would miss him very much.—The Rev. C. L. Stowe responded, and said he tried to inakeit a rule of his life that, whether praised or blamed, it would make no difference to his labours. He felt truly grateful for the kindly words spoken about him, which he knew were echoed by each Endeavourer present. He would give them a word of advice before he left them, and that was that if they would have their Endeavour succeed, they must work. The singing of" God be with you till we meet again" concluded the meeting.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER FAREWELL GATHERING.

An interesting social gathering and concert took place at Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church on Thursday evening. There was a large and representative attendance of members of Legh-street and Ivnutsford- road Churches. The gathering was also made the occasion of saying a few words of farewell to the Rev. C. L. Stowe and Mrs. Stowe. An interesting programme of musical selections was submitted, songs being rendered by Miss A. Bridge, Miss L. Snelling and Mr. Osborne. Mr. Smith gave some capital examples of rapid sketching on the blackboard. Mr. R. BRIDGE, circuit steward, presided and addresses were delivered by the Revs. John Yonge and J. F. Matthews, and Messrs. J. Griffiths and J. Bissell. All the speakers referred in kindly terms to the work of Mr. Stowe in Warrington during the past three years, Mr. Tonge specially mentioning his co-operation with his brother ministers. The best of wishes were expressed for Mr. Stowe's future ministry and the strong hope was held out by more than one speaker that it would not be long before he was back in his old pulpit. The Rev. C. L. STOWE in reply said the kind words spoken would be an inspiration for the days that were to come and urged all the members and friends to believe that the best days for the Warrington circuit. were yet in store. He asked that the uniform kindness which had been shown to him throughout his stay might. be extended to his successor, the Rev. J. B. Buglass. Mr. Stowe preaches his farewell sermons on Sunday

===== 0002601_19070622_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
lIMINiIimiMIIM

===== 0002601_19070622_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
89 NOT OUT.

RIGFET under the shadow of Winchester Cathedral lives lira. E. Brown, who, thanks

- - to Doan's Pills, is 89 "not out." Here is her story, told by herself: "Some time ago," says Mrs. Brown, 38, Colebrook-street, Win- ch-ester, " I was taken very badly with influenza, and at my ege it gripped me severely. No one thought I would leave my bed again. After that my kidneys were in a dreadful condition, the secretions being terribly scalding and the colour of blood, and they contained a red sandy sedi- ment. Before that there were obstructions of the kidney secretions, and I was in pain from head to foot; my legs swelled very much, and my head ached dreadfully, while now and then I was awfully giddy.

Do you wake up

Dropsical Swellings,

Gout,

full of Aches and

Headachey ? Do you suffer from

Pains,

Then you have Kidney Disease.

"I had treatment, but got no better, and my daughter induced me to give Daan's Pills a trial. They corrected the urinary disorders. For some days impure matters passed, and then tne secre- tions became natural. lam feeling better now than I have done for years. Doan's Pills have saved my life.—(Signed), Elizabeth Brown." Confirmation of the above striking cure is given by Mrs. Brown's daughter —Mrs. Friend, 39, Colebrook-street: "The cure was marvellous. She is quite bright now, can eat well, and even do a little work, in spite of her age-89." You can obtain them from any chemist or stores, or post free direct from Foster McClellan Co., 8, Wells-street; Oxford-street, London, W. 2s. 9d. per box ; 6 boxes, 13s. 9d. So ss to avoid all chance of mistake, ask distinctly for DOAN'S.

Tired,

Heavy,

Urinary Troubles,

Gravel or Stone?

• -...-. , ..11L410 eN, Mrs. BROWN. (From a Photo.) i l • /( / ~,, ' ; '' Va -.....------, • , ----- ----"."\. '=-... • , -''4, ;, - ,_,. ' 47k. ' q ~.. . ,---`;'l,/• "./..>. ...."---7 ‘..______,';'--- ---""\--...,, •.,t..\:, ' ' 11.,.; .. ( 7 ----- •7 , .- ./. ''' . • / -:'.,;,. / • J . . -. • t - n . ~,,1 ' .:.I. ','l A/ -----77.7- .... -..-...-... - t PT:'').". '1 1 --"*''''•:-•'-* 4*-5-Fl•-•7-- - :-.. ~1 it ;',:i i ,"' /, :. :i s ~,, .'t 411'''' :-. v,: ;I: -..---- ' I,'• /. - ''''s!N y. .-ir ie i ..or • —.....r/ ~''' , ./, " l'.• ' r., A: . ' ~..- :. '-'.:•,•,:5., -.',,i ,-/ /7,/ • . , , • ly 1/2 '--...•-..,',...ftiet,( .--.A1ig9.,!, •••••.• • / / . . •, I r 1 -:..• i i .--- i' / '''---: - :." 1 .. 11. ....0-. ... , ~,........ii ;;., Ofia• ,_ -.. - '" ..ogr. -, .: .fr • . ....444.,..;:f. ......,... . ‘• " 'Z'''''llll// ''''.l-:.'.11-- ,) "i11...14'. '%.\"':-.*- 74, ,j'-- -/-,,,, ~*„ - .Q, /"P! 1 —.-- • .. '4.h. .;-- ' "Of "1%.%''.....1,.',•\-. •/. i ' ( .1 : . .:.•... ,_-- ..„ . --.. ‹ce i f • i .1 \ t N ‘. •%. ' /.J /1/1 ./(-: /ttii(lit 11) i IA \\l\ Idi I' x ' 1 I iii I A r

===== 0002601_19070622_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
D.. 9 ~-'l, ::.,-;' Backache .., Kidney . , ~-, .....,..,..,.....,.„ ..,.... , -.., .:

NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

Warrington accomplished a very smart performance on Saturday when they journeyed to Earlestown and defeated the champions on their own ground. The match was of considerable importance and ‘Varrington's victory will probably give them the championship of the %Vest Lancashire League—that is,of course,provided the team continues in the excellent form which it is at present showing. St. Helens are still top with an unbeaten record but as they have several stiff matches before them this record will possibly be spoiled before long.

The League tables for the first and second divisions are :

FIRST DIVISION,

Club P. W. L. D. Piss. St. Helens Warrington Earlestown Prescot St. Helene Recs Stanley Newton Earlestowri

===== 0002601_19070622_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITE CITY, MANCHESTER.

Hale's Tours of the World.

Hale's Tours of the World is an Exhibition, the intention of which is to educate the spectator, through the medium of moving and animated pictures in the picturesque life of the world. They make an enjoyable entertainment rendering the reading of books or the viewing of works of sculptors, artists, and writers on all subjects more easily comprehended and enjoyed in years to come. It is especially instructive to the untravelled and to the rising generation to see authenti- cated, genuine people, different nations and races in their characteristic costume before they have passed away and are left as legacies to the future only through history. The incidents and episodes shown have additional interest, as they have been taken by a staff of operators exclusively for the Hale's Tours of the World Company. Notwithstanding the tardiness of Summer, thousands of well pleased patrons have visited the White City, where mirth and merriment reign suprerne,since the Oates were thrown open to the public some few weeks ago—the principle features of the City of Pleasure, its it has been aptly termed, are now in good running order, and new attractions are being added from time to time. It is without doubt the most extra- ordinary as well as most beautiful place of its kind anywhere. One can fully appreciate the work done by Nianaging Director, J. Calvin Brown, who sustains the reputation made list him as a veritable " wizard." The triumphs of genius displayed are greatly to his credit.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
SIXTEEN SUPPURATING ULCERS.

" One Mass of Corruption "—Leg Saved and Cured by Zam-Buk.

A poisoned and ulcerated leg, so full of corrupt wounds that amputation was imminent, was the legacy left by a cycling mishap to Mr. William Bennett, of Station Rill, Grampouni Road, Cornwall. To a" West Briton " reporter Mr. Bennett said :—" On August 23rd 1900, I had a side-slip from my bike which threw me violently into a ditch. Some passers-by found me and took me home. I was attended by two doctors, and then taken to the infirmary, where it was found that the injuries comprised a dislocated elbow,a broken shoulder a fractured hip, and a broken leg.

"I remained at the hospital for about eight weeks, and when I left I had to use crutches to get about the house. After some months of this a wound broke out, on my leg, and I had to go to the infirmary again,suffer- ing from severe ulceration. I was 'patched up' once more, but had not been at home again long when ulcers formed in several places, and ultimately I was confined to my bed with no less than sixteen discharging wounds. I was nearly driven out of my mind with the pain, and the leg was simply one mass of corruption. "All sorts of medicines, ordinary ointments and lotions, herbs, &c., were tried, but with no good effect. Everyone thought I should lose my leg. As a last resort I was persuaded to try Zatn-Buk, and within half- an-hour of the first application I fell sound asleep. "Of course, T continued with Zam-Buk, and now, after using about half-s-dozen boxes, ray leg is as sound as sound can be. All the wounds filed up with sound, firm flesh, and Zam-Buk covered them with new healthy skin."

Zam-Buk is natural and neyer-failing—especially when helped by ZAM-BEJK MEDICINAL SOAP, which is unique, cooling, comforting, and cleansing in all kinds of skin troubles.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Local Athletic Successes.

In the mile race at the Prescot Wire Works Sports on Saturda,y,the first prize was won by G. Watmough, Warrington AC., who was two yards in advance of T. Clarke, Sephton, from the 140 yards mark. At the Cheshire Lines sports at Lostock Gralam, J. Gibson won the first prize for the 220 yards race and the second in the 100 yards race. In the 150 yards race youths, E. Horrocks (10) was placed second. H, Jepson was second in the mile, whilst W. Drury was third in the quarter-mile.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND DIVISION.

--..,..... Prescot Warrington Newton St. Helens St. Helens Recs. 6 2 4 0 4 Stanley

Warrington's match on Saturday was somewhat singular in that Earlestown, who are generally regarded as a very strong batting side, failed altogether before the deliveries of Creswell and Callon and were all dis- missed for 59. Creswell had the splendid average of three runs per wicket for each of the six victims he claimed, whilst Callon's figures were 4 for 38.

Warrington opened their innings well and 15 runs were up before the first wicket fell, Richardson being lbw for six. Then J. Callon and Wright became associsted and proceeded to bang the bowling. about. Rain threatened continually and in their eagerness to get runs both men took considerable risks. As events proved, the forcing game paid handsomely as 81 had been knocked up in quick time when the weather inter- vened and the game had to be abandoned, Warrington claiming a brilliint victory. To Wright in particular was this success largely due as when the game ended he was 30 not out. Callan had scored 24 and at the close was also unbeaten.

Warrington at the present time have a very strong team and it is hoped that they can be kept together for the rest of the season. Connor's return to the field is very welcome and it is to be hoped that he will display some of his old form. To-day the team meet St Helens Recs. on the Arpley ground.

Orford Barracks met with their first reverse in the Warrington and District League on Saturday when they were defeated by Cheshire Lines. The result was due largely to an error of judgment as with 90 runs for 8 wickets, the Orford captain closed his innings. Out of this total Johnson claimed 48 not out. Cheshire Lines lost two men very cheaply but Duckworth and Hill made a stand. The former player quickly got his eye in and hit up the runs at a rapid rate and without further loss the Barracks score was passed before time was called. Duckworth came out with the splendid total of 61 not out, Hill being 23, and practically won the match by scoring against time,

A new batting record has been created In the Works Competition, as against Cheshire Lines on Tuesday Thompson for P. &K. knocked up 62. This was not the only record of the match, as Cheshire Lines were promptly tumbled out for 5, three being extras ! This singular failure is difficult to explain, as the team are by no means inexperienced. %V. Bennett could probably advance a reason, as he took seven wickets for one run and bowled magnificently. -

Orford secured a victory over Caley on Saturday by 8 runs and four wickets. Singularly enough the top score of the match (18) was made for the losers by Millet% but the Orford men all met with success.

A. Holbrook and A. Turton bowled well for Arpley Athletic against Stockton Heath Y.M. Club on Satur- day, taking respectively 5 for 11 and 5 for 8. Asa result the Stockton Heath score was only 22, and this the Athletics passed with two wickets in hand.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Swimming.

Warrington Polo team are this season a force to be reckoned with and their return to form will doubtless lead to a desirable increase in the interest in the swimming world. On Tuesday there was a very large attendance at the baths to witness the fixture with Bacup and the spectators were treated to a first class exhibition by the local men: The match was one of considerable importance as it was the first round of the Lancashire County Cup and Warrington made no mistake. Bacup were an unknown quantity but as events proved they met more than their match. In

speed they could hardly compete with the wirepuller whilst in the matter of shooting they were awfully weak. This was Warrington's strong point and at long range they subjected the Bacup goalkeeper to a hot fusilade, beating him no fewer than eight times despite the fact that he played a good game.

The reserve team lacked training and in a friendly match with Wavertree were defeated by two goals to one. The result was very unsatisfactory as they had quite as much of the play as their opponents and was due to a temporary laxity in defence.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 22, 1907.

THE VOICE OF LABOUR.

Edited by John Workman.

Reader? of this column are invited to assist ii. making it interesting and helpful to social workars by contributing themselves.

Correspondents must write on one side of the raper only, and endeavour to make their letters and notes short and to the point. A nom-de-plums may be used, but the real. name of the writer should be forwarded in confidence to the Editor of the column. M.S.S. must he addressed to John Workman, " Examiner" Offfce, Warrington and should be sent in not later than Wednesday in each week.

Has it ever struck you That the rich and poor have only one way of entrance into the world, and one way of departure ? That the Church has three special possessions and treasures—the Bible, which proclaims man's freedom; Baptism, his equality; the Lord's Supper, his brother- hood?

That all are equal within the Church's gate? That the Gaspel of Jesus Christ was pre-ercinently the gospel of the poor? That the real secret of success in the performance of the clergy's duty towards the working classes lies in their approaching them as fellow men? That the old order changeth and yieldeth place to new?

That a man is only a man as he makes life and nature happier to us That without the rich heart, wealth is an ugly beggar

That we shall pass through the world but once, therefore, any good thing that we may do, or any kindness we may show, let us do it now ? That Socialism is Christianity translated into practical politics ? That the land belongs to the whole of the people? That trespassers will not be prosecuted in Heaven ? That by setting up wealth as the sole stimulus to human endeavour you have bred a ract of thin brained egotists, who regard the community only as their prey ? That Socialists have a higher conception of the duty of the State toward the individual than their adversaries have?

_ That no man has any right to call upon, or to make another do for him, what he will not do for the other?

That every individual of the human race has a full equal right to the earth, and to the services of others in return for his own, and there is no other right inherent in the human race. In other words—all men, by nature, have equal rights ? These questions are well worth your consideration. On your answer to such like questions will depend in a great measure the future welfare of each and all. Think them over and so put your minds in the best trim for answering them. We want to make the world brighter and happier for everybody, and if we do our best we shall succeed. I shall we pleased to hear from any of my readers. Mv attention has been called to a paragraph in last E.Jattirday'a " Eratniner " headed The Painlor i& h. Workhouse. James Clarke, a painter was charged at the Warrington Borough Court with neglecting to maintain himself, whereby he became chargeable to the Union. He pleaded not guilty and the case was dismissed. Mr. Basil Shearer, who prosecuted, in reply to Alderman Tinnion, said that probably defen- dant made 11 a week more than he cost the Guardians but he wished to point out that if men who were able to work were allowed to go into the Workhouse the would require ion Workhouses. That remark is some- what ambiguous. Does he mean to pint out that ; there are sufficient " out of works" in Warrington to ' fill ten Workhouses ? If so it would be interesting to know why they are out of work. Or, does he mean to say that men who are already in work would give 'up their jobs to reside in the Workhouse? That hardly appears to be the reason judging from the fact that the Guardians pr)babl7 made a profit of 11 a week out of Clarke and theV could not have done that unless he had works(' for Nista. Mr. Whitham, whose articles are so much appreci- ated by readers of the " Eraminer," has been good enough to send me some S Icialist newspapers, cuttings, and pamphlets. I take this opportunity of thanking him for them,and shall make use of them as opportunity presents itself. POVERTY.

" Sir " said Johnson, "all the arguments wkich are brought to represent poverty as no evil, show it to be evidently a great evil. You never find people labour- ing to convince you that you may live very happily upon a plentiful fortune." He knew what he was talking of, that rugged old master of commons,mse. Poverty is of course a relative thing ; the term has reference, above all, to one's standiog as an intellectual being. If lam to believe the newspapers, there are title-bearing men and women in England, who, had they an assured income of live and-twenty shillings per week, would have no right to call themselves poor, for their intel- lectual needs are those of a stable-boy or scullery wench. Give me the same income and I can live, but I am poor indeed. You tell me that money cannot buy the things most precious Tour commonplace proves that you have never known the lack of it. 'Then I think of all the sorrow and the barrenness that has been wrought in my life by want of a few more pounds per annum than I was able to earn, I stand aghast at m-mey's significance. What kindly joys have I lost, those simple forms of happiness to which every heart has claim, because of poverty. Meetings with those I loved made impossible year after year ; sadness, misunderstanding, nay, cruel alienation, arising from inability to do the things I wished, and which I might have done had a little money helped me; endless Instances of homely pleasure and contentment curtailed or forbidden by narrow means. I have lost friends merely through the constraints of my position; friends I might have made have remained strangers to me, solitude of the bitter kind, the solitude which is enforced at times when mind or heart longs for companionship, often cursed my life solely because I was poor. I think it would scarce be an exaggeration to say that there is no moral good which has Rot to be paid for in coin of the realm. "Poverty," said Johnson again, "is so great an evil, end pregnant with so much temptation, so munh misery, that I cannot but earnestly enjoin you to avoid it."

HENRY RTECROFT. THE MUNICIPALIZATION OF THE DRINK TRADE.

It is probable that all serious minded people who desire the well being of the nation and the improve- ment of the race are agreed as to the evils of the present methods of drink distribution. We all admit the evil but we differ from each other on the question of remedies ; some short-sighted enthusiasts argue that all beverages of an alcoholic character are evil in their effects and altogether superfluous and that therefore the effective remedy for the evils of the" Drink Tra3e " is to prohibit the trade altogether. It is true that many medical men assert that alcohol is of no service to, and has none but banefu effects on, the human body but other doctors assert quite the contrary and recommend the use of alcohol Whatever may be the truth, and when doctors. differ the layman must decide for himself, there is no overlooking the fact that men who regularly indulge in a moderate amount of beer, wine or whisky appear in most cases to enjoy just as good health and live as long as the total abstainer and whilst this fact is patent to everyone of an observant character it is no use talking of drink and poison as if the two were syn onomous.

I The average man has centuries ago proved to his I own satisfaction that it is possible to purchase with a draught of the red red wine that freedom from care and worry, and that elevation or spirit which tinges the grey sky of fact with the red glow of fancy and makes sad hearts merry. The average man has learned these facts in the school of experience and he has also proved that a moderate indulgence in stimulants is not incompatible with a man remaining healthy, wealthy and wise. It is true that alcohol is superfluous in the sense that we could do without it, incidentally we could also do without houses, clothing and a thousand and one other things which to-day makes up the sum of our lives, but very rightly our old friend the average man has got these comforts and he means to retain them. I therefore think I can safely say that the universal use of alcohol proves that the majority of people desire it and they will have it. In spite of many attempts on the part of prohibitionists the supply of alcohol in any large centre of population has never been stopped, nor do I admit that the man who does not believe in strong drink himself has any right to interfere with other people unless they are acting in an anti-social , fashion and abusing alcohol. To set my conclusions! out clearly I will say: 1 „.

" The majority of men like a stimulant." " The majority of men 'mill have a stintuiant." "Th. maiority of men have a right to oi/flu/ants in noileraliess."

And this latter in my opinion !should be the goal of all

===== 0002601_19070622_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
sensible reformers, i.e., to reduce the evils of strong WANTED A REVOLUTION drink to a minimum by curtailing exce;s. The scheme which will mend the public house, of Social Conditions. eliminate,all its evil features, and remove all its

MR. J. R. CLYNES, 15 P., CRITICISES LIBERAL AND TORY PARTIES.

inducements to over-indulgence, will do more for the cause of true temperance than all the lectures of the Blue Ribbon Army. With the solitary exception of the SOCIALIST SOIUTION Labour and the Government. that is to say the municipalisation of the drink trade A Socialist demonstration was announced to be held no other suggested remedy proposes to do anything at Bridge Foot on Saturday esening, but owing to the for the betterment of the public-house, but rather do wretched weather it was abandoned. Instead a public all they begin by treating the drink trade as an unclean meeting was held at the rooms of the Independent thing, and propose to end it by wiping it out. Labour Party, Friars' Gate Mr. E. Horrocks presiding When will the Temperance folk cease to cry for the over a good attendance. Isfr. J. R. Clynee, M. P. for moon of total or local prohibition, and give sensible North-East Manchester, was the principal speaker. The CHAIRMAN said Mr. Clynes did not come to them men a hand to get rid of some of the as a stranger, for they had had the pleasure of hearing VTILS OF TO-DAT. him on many occasions. They were pleased with his Given sensible legislation and enlightehed public conduct in the House and believed that in him Labour opinion, and it omild be made as difficult to get drunk had a capable representative. as it is now easy. Will our Temperance friends help Mr. CLTNES said Socialists were charged with enter- or hinder the comincr of that sensible legislation? taming a preference for one party and with STANLEY LORD. unduly and unfairly opposing the Liberals in the politics of England. It had been asserted that their plan was to handicap and damage the Liberal party in connection with national questions. Those who talked about the hostility of Labour to the Liberal party overlooked the facts. He was not going to try and prove that they were the friends of the Liberal party any more than that they were the friends of the Tories. They were the opponents of both, in so far as they could see both to be opposed to the true interests of the mass of the people. They in no sense entertained or expected any preferential treat- ment in regard to either or both parties. At the last election there were sixty-five Labour candidates who stood under the banner of different organizations and the answer to the charge that they were merely seeking to damage the position of the Liberals was seen in the fact that only six out of the 30 candidates sought to secure seats then occupied by Liberal representati ves.lf anyone bad ground to complain against the action of the Labour party it was the Tory party, certainly more than the Liberal party. However, they were not very ranch concerned about those smaller differences of political warfare. Socialists had devoted time and Attention to industrial and social subjects, freed from the prejudices and restraints of political attachments,and formed their own opinions. Witlaout offence he claimed to correctly describe the Liberal or the Tory as a man who had merely inherited certain party prejudices and had grown up in a Liberal or Conservative atmosphere. He simply went on believing what his father believed. Alluding to the Jarrow election, Mr. Clynes said it had been stated that because the Irish Nationalists had thought fit to bring out a candidate, the Labour party intended, as an act of retaliation, to contest seats in the constituencies in Ireland now held by Irish Nationalists. He could assure them that an idea so , wild had never entered into their heads. They never ' for a moment thought of anything so foolish and extravagant as an act of retaliation of that kind. They fully recognised the right of the Irish Nationalist party to bring out candidates irrespective of the views or convenience of other parties. He believed the intervention of the Irish Nationalist candidate at Jarrow would improve the chances of Mr. Pete Curran. Continuing Mr. Clynes said that I social reform was often no more than an empty phrase, and had no real deep meaning or significance for men who employed it. To the Socialist or Labour man social reform meant changes in our social con- dition, which would give to the mass of the people a larger share of the wealth made by Labour than the people now received. They could not have that kind of reform without attacking the interests and privileges of those who at present owned and controlled the main ' sources of wealth production. The Tory party had nothing whatever to offer the people now beyond what was termed tariff reform, reduced recently to pre- ferential treatment with the colonies. If there was anything in the way of a public soandel in politics, he thought it was seen in the way the Tories had endeavoured to use Colonial sentiment, and the recent Conference between the Colonial Premiers for mere sordid party purposes. They did their level best to make the Union Jack a kind of party asset and had striven all along in connection with that agitation to make use of national and Colonial senti- ment for mere Conreryative purposes. They said a 10 per oent duty on manufactured articles would give us an inoome of 13 millions a year. The effect of the proposal, however, was to keep foreign goods out, so that. they could not have the 13 millions duty and the benefit of the transaction as well. What was 13 millions a year? It was a lot less than we paid in the way of rent every month to the landlord classes. They were the people who had the preference. Socialists could not see any gain industrially or commercially from this tinkering with tariffs. They looked upon the Tory party as the traditional enemies of the interests and the just claims of the working classes. It was a party supported by a number of wealthy and privileged persons, many of whom had land through the mere law of inheritance or who had large establishments in which thousands of workingmen were toiling and mak- ine wealth for them • and by many whose power in making the law had been inherited as well. The Liberal party, despite its powerful place in the legislature to-day, was largely a helpless body so far as real and wholesome changes for the welfare of the country were concerned. Any Radical who happened to be present would, he supposed, admit that he had hoped to live to see the day when his party would have a great majority in the House of Commons—a majority perhaps greater than any preceding party had ever had—when there would be a Liberal Chancellor of the Exchequer ; when there would be freedom from the House of Lords in regard to the social changes that were desired in the interests of the people. All these things the Liberal party at this moment possessed ; and what had they seen? They had seen a budget introduced and so far agreed to and supported by the mass of the Liberals in the country, which left the social and industrial condi- ditions as they were before. The only change effected was a little relief for men who paid income tax. No working man benefited by any proposal so far made. The Budget was free from the House of Lords.and he wished the working classes only understood how deeply they could effect social reform if they had a courageous and con- vinced Chancellor of the Exchequer, without going near the House of Lords. (Applause). What did the Government promise for next session? There was no mention of any great social change. Truly, we were promised Licensing legislation which would interfere and he dare say rightly, with the present privileges of the brewers. They were promised an Education Bill which once more would put into the melting pot all the seething differences of mind, faith and conscience that set men against,settling any serious social questions which werepressine for attention. They could not look with any great degree of hope to the Liberal party despite its enormous majority. Their relation to the Liberal party was a relation of friendly co-operation in so far as they were going in the directioreof Labour's good, but it was also a relation of open hostility and strong criticism vvhenever they felt that attitude needful in the interests of the workers. Alluding to the resolu- tion to be moved by the Premier with regard to the Home of Lords, Mr. Clyne' said his conviction was that its terms fell far short of what even the ordinary Liberal workingmen was hoping for. Mr. Clyne* dealt with the constitution of the House of Lords and main- tained that many of the members kad shown themselves unfitted to take an honoured or usefel part in public business. What were these brave words about the House of Lords coming to in regard to Liberal deeds? The resolution simply expressed the conviction that a law if passed successfully in one Parliament in the House of Commons must become law, regardless of the action of the House of Lords. That was quite insufficient. Tt was no real battle cry to fight the lords. They found the same hesitancy in other pro- posals for legislation. The Liberals were brave on the platform, hut when it came to framing things for the House of Commons their courage seemed to have filtered through, and they did not propose in Bills the same stiff terms which they proclaimed from platforms. Mr. Clynee proceeded to argue in favour of land reform, and wild the Liberals ought to transform platform fervour into the terms of real proposals. The struggle now was for better social and economic conditions, and the other parties largely left those questions alone. Society could not be left at the mercy of powerful and privi- leged persons, and it was the duty of statesmen and of Parliament to regulate and order society for the common good of the human family. (Applause.)

THE GOSPEL OF HOPE

Sir,—l have been deeply interested in your" Voice of Labour "column, and, like your Jarrow-on-Tyne reader, I believe you are "doing a good work." Your able, still courteous advocacy will, I venture to predict, prove an effective source of propaganda by directing public attention to the humanising influence 'of the great gospel of Socialism, and further, by a consistent erample of broad-minded toleration you will, I hope, be the means of eventually raising to a higher plane the general tone of political controversy in Warrington, which is, alas, at present, far too personal, spiteful, narrow-minded and party-pre- judiced. The Press of this country often erroneously describe us (the Socialists) as mere pessimists and superficial observers ; but, as a matter of fact, we preach a gospel of hope not a creed of despair ; 'whilst, as a result of a careful systematic study of scientific sociology, we are firmly convinced that "we have a cause that cannot fail." The evolution of our industrial and economic condi- tions, coupled with the great social evils arising out those conditions, points to the conclusion that the civilized nations must either live and work together for the common good, or else they will be eventually destroyed in revolution and ruin. 1 staunch faith in the essential goodness of human nature and a determination that our crying social evils shall not continue, have never been so strong and vigorous as they are to day. Education and improved transit are gradually breaking down national barriers, race-hatreds and religious prejudices. The men and women workers of the world are learning from one another the reasons why the many are sad, destitute and poverty•stricken, whilst the few revel in luxury and comparative idleness. Now is the time for all earnest social reformers to puta side their petty, sectional, selfish interests so that by an intelligent, united, incessant campaign we may more efficiently propagate the principles of our great international Socialist movement, and hold up our _noble ideals to the whole human race.

If we all stand loyal and remain true to one another in this great fight, then, although we shall not live to see the complete realization of our hopes and aspira- tions, we shall be enabled to hand on the certainty of success to others. Then, when those who come after look back on our life's work, they will excl.itn with reverential awe and admiration, (in the words of H. I. Hyndman). "This was glory —this true domination, these men buibled on eternal foundations their might, majesty dominion and power." Yours fraternally,

JUSTICE.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
"THAT TIRED FEELING."

Important Advice to the Ailing.

Enervating weather upsets the system and gives rise to " that tired feeling." The hardworking housewife, although she may feel weary and worn-out cannot neglect her ditties in the home. The toiling husband has also to try and work off his sick headache,bilious attack, or general debility. At this season many of us ~re liable to suffer from sickness, lassitude, and depression, which very often, unless taken in hand at once are forerunners of serious illness. A natural tonic-laxative for the stomach and liver is the surest and safest remedy ; and there is no comparison between Chas. Forde's Bile Beans and ordinary pills sold at a lower price. Your health is a serious matter; and only the genuine reputable medicine can be relied upon to produce in your case the best and most permanent improvement a result far outweighing the possibly slightly increased cost per box. Chas. Fordes Bile Beans are a family medicine of proved superiority for young and old. No household should ever be without, it handy one-and- three-halfpenny or two-and-nine box.

you read the life of Napoleon, boys, ant grow enthusiastic over his wonderful heroieni and military genius, and wish in your very hearts that you might have been with the 0051- queror as he scaled the Alps and besieged great cities, and overcame every obstacle in his did you ever query what it was that gave him such wonderful control over his soldiers, so that they would dare anything for their leader? Did you suppose that he was admired by them as a sort of god, and, living in an almosphere far above the French soldiery, ruled them as Jupiter did the world in ancient times, hurling his thunderbolts among them if they dared dis- obey his command? Did you think that be- cause for years he was acknowledged the firreateit man in Europe, if not in the world, that he controlled men and nations through fear? If you did, you are greatly mistaken. Napoleon was Napoleon when but a boy. He had when very young the stuff in him that 'pekes men, makes heroes, and the discipline and hard work to which he subjected himself When a boy was one of the greatest reasons of his later success, for it helped him to enter into sympathy with his soldiers, and so control them. He was S. general who said., "Come, follow me," instead of, "Go, and I'll follow," to those under his command.

I want to relate to you an incident in his history which occurred when he was but fifteen years of age, and was a prophecy of future greatness. He was sent at that time to a mili- tary school at Paris, which was luxuriously fur- nished for the children of the aristocracy. It had been founded for them, and as they had been accustomed to every indulgence at their homes, here they were to be as carefully looked after. A writer tells us that "each of the three hundred young men assembled in this school had a servant to groom his horse, to brush his boots, and to perform all other neces- sary menial services. The cadet reposed on a luxurious bed, and was fed with sumptuous vian.ds. There were few lads of fifteen who would not have been delighted with the dignity, the ease, the independence of that style of living. Napoleon, however, immediately saw that this was by no means the training requisite to prepare officers for the toils and hardships of war. Although so young, he addressed an energetic memorial to the governor, urging the banishment of this effeminacy and voluptuous- ness from the military school. He argued that the students should learn to groom their own horses, to clean their own armour, and to per- form all those services, and to inure themselves to those privations which would prepare them for the exposure and toils of actual service." The historian adds, that no incident in the childhood or in the life of Napoleon shows more decisively than this his energetic, self- reliant, commanding character. The wisdom, the bravery, and the foresight which usually come with mature years were exhibited here. And the military school which many years after Napoleon established at Fontainebleau, and which obtained such world-wide celebrity. was founded upon the model of this youthful memorial. There is no doubt that one dis- tinguishing cause of the extraordinary popu- larity which Napoleon afterwards secured, was to be found in the fact that through life he called upon no one to encounter perils or en- dure hardships which he was not perfectly ready himself to encounter and to endure. It would be well if our boys would remember this incident in the life of one who is doubt- less a hero to them' and sltheugli they may not aspire to become Napoleons, and we should hope would not be successful if they did, understand that to acquire any commanding position in life, to be successful in any depart- ment of work in the world's great industries, the heroic and military spirit of Napoleon is necessary. You must have high aspirations, real courage, a determination to understand practically even the menial departments of work, and a willingness to. labour energetically yourselves, if you ever expect to get toward the top of the ladder, and control other men and achieve success in life. You will find it true that nearly, if not all, our great merchants cc- gan their career working hard for small wages, but doing what was given them to do with a will, and a heartiness and a thoroughness which merited as it received the confidence of their employers, and brought them 3ucc2r,sive pro- motions.

Father (who has been. helping a son in his school work): "What did the teacher remark when you showed him the translation?"

Johnny: "He said I was getting more stupid every day." "Now, gentlemen," said the auctioneer at a horse sale, "how much am I offered ,for this valuable carriage horse?" "Ha'penny a pound!" cried a bystander, who looked like a cat's-meat man.

Gentleman (to an Irishman): "Well, Pat, I see you have a small garden." Pat: "Yes, sir." "What are you going t• setiia it for next tea- son?" "Nothing, sir. I set it with potatoes last year, and not one of them came up." "That's strange; how do you explain it'," "Well, sir, the man next door to me set his garden full of onions." "Well, had that any- thing to do with your potatoes not growing?" "Yes, sir. Bedad, them onions was that strong that my potatoes couldn't see to grow for their eyes watering."

Bone Pencils.—Slate pencils are now manufae- tured of bone. They are not likely, however, to meet the approval of the small boy, as they are unbreakable; and, still worse, noiseless. The peCithar and delightfully shrill, musical screech of the old-fashioned slate pencil is naturally a great source of amusement to the young.

"Where was Magna Charta signed?" asked a. teacher in a South of London Board School. "Please, sir, at the bottom."

THE TRUMPET AND THE DRUM.. Said the Trumpet to the Drum, "Less noise, good fellow, come I For nobody can hear My voiee when you are near."

..i4rilli: : : ''. --'`.'<•:•';:' 4k:,:•:. : : , '•;•••••-!•••:',.,416;:F.: ::• i : :•••••••,:',;.• ,: • •:, :,_- 4 " -..• , ; :::::::.:',•,,- kO,"":0.1.- '-: ''• t"? 4 --:.,-r,4-••"‘ . ,:;;(I:4s-- - (:46".c:••,,, *lllll4*.i. ' 1:! - .'.. I'''.."l: --'l':... ''''' ..-....:::-." ':;; .... .....,,,,tl2:' . : . 4;7, :11;."..:Y :::...?..‘":...:.::.; :I:- "P. ..:;•::.,....:',;-..,:7-.„.....•.g . , :::::::'.,, -;... ; . • ..: ..... -,:, ....: •:-:1i , .;.:- ileFt ~ • • ......, .. •••• ...-.:,..1e• lit a... ;_,. ...„,:..ti:- ..:i:::::.a:.: .v.,...,.. ...:,:-...4.,-: ..,s7;:::.::,-.....:.--,,, „hi ::::;,?.;-;::.f.,-,;?.:11-. 7-----,. ii,..N.0r.: -•' \A ..,...';':;•:.;1:3;:;: --.• :•?.t4tV:.; kyr z!*;--g.ie.:•*;;••.:::::::::., r .—...,..,4,e,,, %St, : . i 4i, '..` - .'•• .., ...??..4i :s' ii"::•tiggTl.4,;;, , " " ;',.-*..gti:r.. "' • :f•-•• UNCLE '- .7.-• ' ' " - , "'"'" :.::. .': ''''''-'':. '-4-:-..Y-'-•-, • -, . _ . i .1::...:7 NED. —i 0, ....t' . '.:-':, . . i ) * A.,:.:::;;•,•. !„ , -..:-.,-,. -...- _4114114111en , ---;...-::'''..l'.-'" ' -,A '', •.• '. ~- ' ' ..---'.:," ' j ~. ...:-:::;131!41,i .'-i..• 'EAR NIECAS AND NEPHEWS-- NAI!OLEON WHEN A BOY. -m pier ill by the I When -,T -

===== 0002601_19070622_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
AN OLD MAN'S PIPE.

While an infirm, old man, Richard Ward (72), of 42,! Crossley-road, St. Helens was lighting his pipe at the I fire his clothing ignited. He was terribly burned, and • died next day. A Coroner's jury returned a verdiot of "Accidental death." •

===== 0002601_19070622_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD AGE PENSIONS.

Sir,—Seeing that so much has recently been said and written on the above question, perhaps if I state my opinion on this scheme I might raise one or two points on which may follow a little discussion, as there are, without doubt, certain phases of the question that seem to me well worth considering, and may not be so easily dealt with as as many of us are apt to believe.

; Let us first take the case in favour of Old Age ; Pensions. Personally, lam in favour of the measure, as I feel sure if worked on truly democratic lines, its advantages will outweigh its disadvantages. Considering that it costs this country twenty million pounds every year for the up-keep of pauperism, with its degrading method of dealing with our less fortunate human beings, whose greatest crime is poverty, I think that to grant old age pensions to all persons over 65 years of age a sum of ten shillings per week, would indeed be cheap, and would rid the country of the present poor law system, that is a disgrace to is as i Englishmen. That s one reason why I favour old age pensions. Another reason is that it would lift a great burden from the minds of- our industrious poor, seeing that they would have something better to look forward to in their declining years than the Work- house. It would have a wonderful effect upon the home life of these people. There are thousands, nay, I may say millions of this class who go short of many home comforts in the shape of good food, good clothing, and the hundred and one little things that go to make a home bright and cheerful in order that they may put a little away for a rainy day, or when the time comes that they cannot through old age labour any more. This, to my mind, Mr. Editor, is the most important part of the whole question and if our legislators would only step down from their high pedestals of officialism and materialism into the arena of humanism and look at the question from the point of view of the people's home life, then I feel sure that Old-age Pensions for the aged would soon be realised and many British hearts and homes made brighter. The Government that would grant a pension on the scale I have mentioned, would win a lasting support from the working classes and the prssent Government with its large majority never had a better opportunity. The people are tired of promises. For though this question of Old-age Pensions has been dangled before the eyes of the people for years, it has never material- ised, but simply been advertised with a view to catch- ing votes from the workers during elections times. Another point in favour of this measure is, seeing that the people would be relieved of the dread of pauperism in their old-age, they would spend more • freely and so create a better sale in the home markets and thus in turn would find work for many who are now unemployed, without ever aolving the unemployed problem. With your permission, Sir, there are a few points I would like to mention here that are well worth con- sidering. Firstly, seeing that there is an increasing number of employers of labour who now apply the "too old at forty" rule to men in their employ, what are we going to do with these men so discharged, during the intervening years? They are branded as being too old to work, yet they would be some twenty years too young to receive the state pension. Secondly, the granting of Old Age Pensions would, as I have above stated, lead to a a brisker home trade as people would spend more freely, and in my opinion the retailers of food, clothing and other commodities, would raise their prices as a consequence of the greater demand for these necessaries of life, and in turn the land and property owners may follow by raising rents, and this would have the partial effect of taking from the people that which was intended for their benefit. At any rate it would take a lot of the 'polish ' off the Old Age Pensions for the poor worker and would put a little-more polish' on rents and profits of shopkeepers and land and property owners. I may mention in passing, that I feel convinced that if a national minimum wage were granted the same would be the result and the people would be little if any better off! Thirdly, if old age pensions were granted at once we would still have our army of unemployed, and I feel sure that if we could solve this problem it would prove a greater blessing to the workers even than old age pensions, for then the workers could demand a wage well above the existence stage and provide their own pension fund for the aged. Fourthly—and this is a ticklesome ' side of the question—what are we goiag to do with the "wont works," the thriftless and criminal class? Of course, Mr. Editor, I, as a Socialist, am well aware of the fact that many of these people owe their position and condition largely through their surroundings and to circumstances over which they have had no control, but still, that does not alter the fact that they are here and will want dealing with. Are they to be placed on the same level as the indus- trious workers or are they to be debarred from par- ticipating in this pension scheme? It is, as I have said, a " ticklesome " question to deal with. It will be seen tha4 although I favour old age pensions as being a step forward, still I have tried to point out in the latter portion of this letter there are difficulties to be met, and after all it simply amounts to a palliative and will fall a long way short of solving the problem of poverty. The only way that leads to the emancipation of the workers lies in the application of Socialism. May we soon arrive.—Yoars ecc., TRADE UNIONIST. ,

===== 0002601_19070622_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
AY D:

la. J wed to say 'that lam st. oy deep, blue sea, and to tell you the truth I begin to feel quite young again. I told you last week I would let you know if I paddled—rather— it seemed quite like old times, or it would have done if it hadn't been for the old crabs, shinkly stones, andejellyfish. Where I am staying there are lots of dear boys and girls paddling and digging, and I often wonder whether any of them are relations of mine, because as I have never seen any of you it stands to reason I should not know if I happened to meet you. I wish it were possible to know every one of you, but I can't think how it could be done; at any rate I shall always be glad to receive photographs of any member of the Corner who cares to send one. I have not received a great number of donkeys yet, SO I must hold over what I have until some more arrive; under these conditions I must award the prizes next week, when I hope to again be in the midst of grinding toil. Until then, my dears, adieu. -UNCLE NED.

--.--- JOHNNY PIG. BY MARGARET EYTINGE.

Little Johnny Eataway's playmates called him "Johnny Pig"; and I don't wonder that they did, for he was •one of the greediest boys that ever lived.

Almost every day when dinner was over, and he had eaten so much he could not eat any more, he would beg his mamma, with. a dread- ful whine, not to give what was left of the pudding or pie—which wasn't much, I can assure you—to anyone else, but to put it away in the cupboard so that he might "eat it by-and- by."

And often he would stand for an houx at a time before the windows of a. bakery or candy store, with the tears running down his cheeks, in the deepest grief because he could not eat everything he saw there. And he would hallow men who were selling fruit from street to street, just as other boys follow the soldiers, or a monkey on a hand- organ, in hopes that, at last, to get rid of him, they would give him an apple, or an orange, or a banana.

Well, late one very cloudy afternoon, Johnny Pig was coming from the druggist's with a. small bottle of paregoric for the bafby, who had a pain (paregoric was the only thing that oould be swallowed that he could be trusted with), when he saw a man in front of him carrying a basket half full of pretty pink paper packages. Johnny got as near as he could to this man, and sniffed at the basket.

It smelled delicious! Just like ma.mxna's kitchen on• cake-baking days. The man ran up every step, and rang every door-bell, and gave one of the packages to who- ever came to the door. - _ .

At lest Johnny Pig, who was by this time a mile from home, and it was fast getting dark, asked the man what they were. "Cakes," said the man. "Gimme one?" begged Johnny. "No," said the man, "I don't give them to little boys." But Johnny kept following and teasing and teasing until the man—it was quite dark now— said, "Well, as I have only a few left and I want to go to my supper you may have one." Johnny snatched it without even a "thank you" kgreedy boys are never polite), sat down on -the nearest doorstep, laid the bottle of paregoric by his side, tore off the pretty pink paper, and took a bite—a big bite. - _

And then he jumped up, knocking over the bottle and breaking it into flindens, and stamped, and choked and spluttered, and wiped his mouth again and again on the sleeve of his new jacket. It was a sake of soap/

HOW TOM DRESSES. AT HOME. A grimy face, a muddy boot, A broken lace, a shabby suit; With threadbare knee and dusty coat, And dirty collar round his throat. OUT VISITING. Now see his face is all aglow, He's tied both laces in a bow; He's combed his hair, he's brushed hie suit, There's not a speck on either boot; His collar now is new and clean— A neater boy I've never seen. Yet Tom should be, beyond a doubt, As clean at home as when he's out. For those who dress 'mid friends to roam, Should dress as well for those at home. DAISY STOCKS.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
A SHORT CONVERSATION,

The celebrated physician, Dr. Abernethy, was famous for the brevity and bluntness of his answers; he never used a word more than was necessary. One day a lady, who knew his peculiarity, came to him and held out her finger, without a word. "Cut ?" asked the doc- tor. "Bite," answered the patient. " Dog I" "Parrot." "Go home and poultice," said Abernethy. The next day the finger was again shown. " Better ?" was the doctor's question. 'Worse." "Poultice again." Lastly, when the finger was at length cured, the doctor even went so far as to compliment his patient. " Better?" he asked. "Quite well." "Good. You are the most sensible woman I ever met. Good day." ELIZABETH STOCKS.

Mrs. Homestead has two boys, and loves them both tenderly. John (the younger) said: "Mamma, I love you more than you do me." "I think not, my dear. But why do you think so 7"

"Because you have two children, and I have only one mother.

A BOY'S PROMISE. The school was out, and down the street

A noisy crowd came thronging; The hue of health, a gladness sweet, To every face belonging. Among them strode a little lad, Who listened to another, And mildly said, half grave, half sad, "1 eas't—l premised mother."

===== 0002601_19070622_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
• 'l' •

" An excellent Food, admirably adapted to the wanta of infants and young persona." —SIR CHARLES A. CAMERON, C. 8.. Professor of Chemistry, R.C.5.1., Medical Officer of Health for Chibliti,

PURVEYORS BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO H.I.M. THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA.

fte=eJ

===== 0002601_19070622_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
400 YEARS A SECRET.

GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES.

For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointmeat has been kept in one 'Family. Its curative action is wonderful in all cases of WOUNDS, CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, aid all SKIN TROUBLES. It at once soothes and heals, and cannot hurt the nest delicate skin. In many cases of very long .standing it has quickly cured. eves when doctors have despaired. Free for 14 stamps. GRANNIE COMPANY, NORWICH.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
3 • ,

, , . , . . •' . . . , ' ','. ...I's ' ' C4',"-- -,-- - --,-,::- ''' ' - =,- .. . , '..,: •- ~ i -•-. —. . , ,-14 ,4-7:-'''' . IL. - ',..1%-',.!'"';'7l'7,-,V'%71-,, ':;-4-A,11,-,,,,-,,,oscr .t.,,,,,,,,!. 4 . ,:'.7,-.7".: i ''',,:, ',.. ,:,.. : ' '''''''. '-'.. '-''''',•:7,.,' :.% . ,;.,. "-. ','- .!,!.:1,:,7T..`,1,: t.',Ye'i:fr'sr:+. 1%.,,, ':.. , - '-'. . ' -,' .' • --.^.' - ' "`-' '' ': ,„.:;., '..'';':-r- ''.'' %* 1-='.....; '.... ',..,';:t, 7.. v-',4,- ,7',. ~--;' -r, ...": '* ' ' ''' ';'. '.' ''''' '''' 7

===== 0002601_19070622_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

JUNE. FROM WARRINGTON TO

Acton Bridge-7 14, 7 40, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 5, 1 10. 2 55, a 3 35, 5 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sunday, 19 15 a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 5, 8 35, 9 58, 11 42, bll 55, a.m. 1 50, 4 39, a 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 60, p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 30, 78, 835, 9 58. 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 150, 439, 628, 7 30, 8 37, 98, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 60. p.m. Is Saturdays only. Chester-7.34, 8 17, 9 5, 10 23, 11 30 a.m. 12 30, 1 40, 1 59,2 303 19, 422, 5 6,6 4,7 54,8 5,10 20, 11 35 p.m. Sundays- 8 44, a.m. 7 45 11 35 p.m. Collins Green 7 5, 85, 8 25, 1010, 10 55 a.m. 1226, 2 45, 3 45, 515, 637,78, 740, 925, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 34, 9 sa.m. 12 30, 230,3 19, 56, 64, 85,10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham 11111-7 36, 9 5 A.M. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 64, 744 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 75, 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 14,10 55, 11 55 a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 2 45, 3 45,3 50, 6 li, 6 37, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 46, 8 35, 843 a.m. 5 10,6 0, 7 57, 9 54 p.m. Fiddles' Ferry and Penketh-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 80, 10 0 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 34, 95,10 23 10 30, a.m. 12 30 2 30, 3 19.4 22, 5 6, 6 4,7 54,8 5, 10 20,a1 1 35 p.m.Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golborne-5 30, 75, 85, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 3 SO, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 pm. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 Si a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 66, 64, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.41 p.m. Iria.m,Cadishead-7 0, 7508 8, 9 3 a.m. 22. 4 58, 710, 9 15, all 50 p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 18, 11 32 a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18, 935 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 A.M. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49, 5 15, 610, 725, a 8 30, 9 25 p.m. Ssedays 6 30,8 46 a.m.3 5,8 10 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liverpool(C.L.C.)-84 40,5 35,7 5,755,8 2,8 50,9 5, 9 10,10 30, 10 50, 11 50 am. 12 0,12 50,1 10,b1 13,1 50, 27, 2 50, 3 18, 3 50, 3 56, 45, 4 10. 4 50, 5 50, 5 57, 6 50, 75, 7 50, 80, 8 50, 8 55, 9 40, 10 4, 10 40, MO 42, bll 10, 11 30, 11 39 p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, c Saturdays excepted. Sundays 4 40, 535, 9 0,9 45, 9 55,11 20 a.m. 220, 2 39, 4 48, 6 0, 7 10, 8 28, 9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. 8; N.W.)-a4 51, a 5 25, 7 11, 7 27, 8 25, 8 25, 9 19, 10 9,10 55, 11 53 a.m. 1225, 155, 2 45, 3 20, 345, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 7 8, 7 40, 80, $ 25, blO 0, 10 30, bll 30 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays, 4 51, 5 30, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 28, 5 10, 60,80, 9 54 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 '49, 9 55, 10 53 cm. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10. 7 25, aB3O, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bll 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-Wj-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 56, 530, a 75, 85, 8 25, 8 35, 919, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 12 18. 1 15, 2 41,2 45, 3 31, 3 50,4 26, 5 15, 5 53, 6 33, 7 20, 8 6, 9 22, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 55, 4 56,7 46 a.m. 5 15, 6 0, 7 57, p.m. a Mondaysonly Manchester (C.L.C.)-6 55, 7 57, 88, 8 55, (9 i 9 55, 10 55, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 1 55, 2 3 55, 4 55,4 58, 5 55, 6 55, 7 10, 7 55, 8 35, 8 , 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, bll 25, 11 50 p.m. lo Saturdays only. Sundays 8 45, 9 37, 10 18, 11 82 a.m 30, 315, 456, 50, 7 18, 855, 9 15,9 25, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 10 20, a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 2 55, a 3 35 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 55,b4 45,5 30, 7 5,8 5,8 35, 9 19,9 25,10 10,10 40,10 55, 11 55, a.m. 12 18.12 25, 1 15, 1 50, 2 45. 3 31. 3 50,4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 23, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 7 46, $45, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Mondays only. Padgate-7 0, 7 12, 7 45, 8 8, 8 35, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 1218, 141, 355' 458, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 35, st 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0, 9 25 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 21, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0, 10 0 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 82,95,10 0, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, bl 0, al 8, 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 26, 75,8 0, 90, blO 0, alO 42, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 20 a.m. 2 39, 97. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.m. 2 lA 8 0 p.m. It. Helens (L. & N.-W.)-7.5, 8.25, 10.10, 10.55, 1143, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3.20, 3.45, 5.15, 6.37, 7.8, TAD, 8.0, 9.25, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 8.35, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays only. Southport C.L.C.-7.5. 8 33, 89.36, 10.25, 11.2, aan.1.27, 3.18, 4 10,5 3,b6.20,6 26, 7.40, 8 0, 9.15,10.35, P.E. Sundays, 9.35, am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. &Mondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Thelciall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 925 pm. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 pan. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan (-L. and N.-W.)-5 22,'5 30, 7. 5 8 35, 9 53, 19 55, 1142, 11 55 a.m. 115, 1 50, 3 50, 4 46, 5 15, 6 26, 7 20, 837, 98,10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 3 *5,6 0, 9 54p.m. Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 5, 95, 10 0, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, al 0, bl 13. 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 528, 6 26, 7 5, 80, 9 0, 610 o,blo 37 p.m. a Saturdays excepted, b Saturdays enly. Sundays 00, 935 a.m. 2 39, 918 p.m.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

Acton Bridge-6 32.7 40, 8 54, 10 57 a m. 12 19, P. 249, 355, 4 4.1, 7 20, 8 28. Sundays 759 am, Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L ec N.-WO-7 50, 8 25, 9 55, 10 22 11 10,12 45,a.m. al 30,2 5, 3 8, 5 30, 6 48, 8 25, c 9 10, Is 9 40, 10 5, p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 1 15, 4 55, 8 45, p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. c Thursdays only. Blackpool (L. ic N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 40, 947, 11 25 b.lll. 1 40, 2 25, 3 28, 5 20, 7 0,8 45, 100,1030 p.m. Sundays 7 25 a.m. 1 37,5 8, 7 30 p.m. Chester-2 25, b 4 20, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 2 0, 2 10, 30, 350. 5 18, 523,6 30, 7 35,8 10, 8 50 p.m. Sundays 2 25,4 20, 6 30 a.tu.6 55, p.m. b Mondays excepted. Collins Green-6 40, 7 9, 845, 10 24, 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 2 10, 3 5, 4 1, 5 38, 6 42, 7 47, 9 6, alo 43, 10 58 p.m. Sundays 8 10 a.m. 7 15 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Daresbnry-8 11, 10 17,11 18 a.m.2 49, 6 2,7 11,3 43 P.m. Sundays 7 26 a.m. 7 47 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 39, 9 52, 10 52 a.m. 2.22, 35, 6 47, 8 22 p.m. Sundays 6 43 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Earlestown-7 2, 7 13, S 47, 850.9 15, 9 45, 10 26, 10 36, 11 25 a.m. 1238, 114, 23, 3 27, 5 10, 543, 6 52, 6 55, 7 43, 8 8, 9 10, 9 34, 10 47, all 1, al2 I a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 9 57, 10 3 a.m. 3 43, 7 24, 10 2 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Peolteth-7 9, 8 53. 9 42, 10 45 a.m. 12 3, al2 57, 2 4, 3 27, 54, 62, 6 58, 9 14 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Satutdays only. Frodsham-7 53,9 0, 10 1, 11 1, a.m. 231, 49, 6 44, 6 56, 8 31, p.m. Sunday 7 2, a.m. 7 24 p.m. Golborne-6 44, 8 26, 10 12.a.m. 12 17, 2 41. 4 31, 30, 7 15, 9 21, 10 42. a.m. Sundays 9 40 a.m. 7 6 p.m, Helsby-7 42, S 56, 9 57, 10 57, a.m. 2 27, 4 7, 40, 8 54, 827, p.m. Sundrq 6 53, a.m. 7 18, p.m. Irlam and Caclishead----6 19, 6 48, 7 33, 9 53, a.m. 1 7, 4 54, 6 54, 8 55, 11 20, p.m. Sundays 921, 11 0, cm. 1 20, 2 22,6 55, 8 59, 10 0 p.m. Latchford-7 55, 8 40, 9 22, 10 2, 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45, 2 13. 30, 339, 426, b 539. 67, 649, 730, 9 52, c 11 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. c Arpley. Sundays 8 23 a.sa. 2 33, 716 p.m. Liverpoo) (C.L.C.)-5 10, 6 30, 7 30, 7 40, 8 20, 30, 8 40, 9 20, 9 30, 9 33, 10 30. 11 5. 11 30, 11 33 11 50, a.m. 12 30, 12 50. 1 0, 130, 145, 230, 2 40,2 43, 4 0, 4 20, 4 33, 4 43, 5 30. 5 36, 6 30, 6 35, 7 30, 735, 830, 838, 840, 930, blO5O, 110, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 9 0, 10 55, 11 15 ft.m.2 30, 3 20, 4 0, 4 30, 6 15,6 30. 8 30, 9 35, p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.-TV.)-a 2 35.5 50,6 10,8 10,8 33, 9 5, 9 30, 9 55, 11 0 a.m. 12 25, • 1 15, 2 45, 3 0, 3 35, 4 20, 4 50, 5 10, 6 10, 7 3, 8 23. 8 30, 9 0, blO 5, 10 46, h II 15 p.m. a Mondays ovlv. h Saturdays only. Sundays 7 35,9 20 a.m..2 10.6 30,7 15.10 45 p.m. Lynam-7 48,8 32.9 14,9 54.11 3 a.m. 1 11, alB7, 2 5, 2 50, 330, 4 18, b 5 31,5 50, 611, 73, 9 43, 11 33 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted, Sundays 8 15 a.m. 2 25, 7 15 p.m. Manchester (Central)-5 55, 6 30. 7 30, 8 30.a9 5. 9 30, 9 33, 10 5, 10 30, 10 35, 11 39 a.m. 12 30, 12 50,

I 30, 2 30, 3 30, 3 45, 4 30, 4 35, 5 30, 60, 630,35, 7 10, 7 30, 830, 835, 9 20, 10 20, alO5O, 11 0 pan. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 90, 9 5, 9 30, 10 30 a.m. [4O, 2 0,2 5, 5 40, 6 35, 8 30, 940 p.m. Manchester (London Road.)-7 5,7 50,9 20, 10 25, an. 1230, bl 5, 2 0,2 55, 3 40, a5O, 5 20, 65, 6 55, 95, 11 0, p.m. Sundays 7 30. a.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. b Saturdays only. Moore-6 56, 96,11 9 a.m. 12 32, a 3 1, 48, 4 55, 733 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 458 pm, a Wednes- days and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 20, 8 42, 97, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 11 8 a.m. 12 35, al 5, al 28, 144, 37, 4 48, 5 5, 5 38, 549, 6 27, 7 30, 8 5, 9 31, 10 3, 11 4, all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 340, 7 20, 11 7 p.m. a Saturdays only. Padgate-6 30, 6 58, 7 55, 8 29,90, 10 3 a.m. 1 20, 2 0, 5 5, 6 18, 7 5, 9 6, 10 25, 11 32 p.m. Sundays 8 52, 11 14 a.m. 2 33,9 12, 10 14, 10 20 p.m. Runcorn-5 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 24, 14, 3 7, 4 40, 5 41, 6 30, 8 10, 10 10 p.m. Sankey--7 5, 7 50, 8 27, 9 30,10 16, 10 55 a.m.12 36 2 14 0, 2 35, 3 43, 4 35, 5 26,5 36, 623, 7 25, 8 28, 9 32, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m. 4 8,8 54, p.m.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

West Lancashire League.

FIRST DIVISION. RESULTS TO SATURDAY. Pl'd. W. L. D. Pts. St. Helens 5 ii 0 0 10 EarlestoWEl Warrington Prescot St. Helens Recs. Stanley Newton WARRINGTON V. EARLESTOWN.—At Earlestown on Saturday. Scores : EARLESTOWN, WARRINGTON. J. _Crawley lbw b H. J. Callon not out

Callon P. E. Huish c Podmore b Bates

H. Callon lO T. Wright not out 3O W. H.Crowther c Turton J. W. Bibby, B. A b Cresswell G. Marsh cJ. Callon b W. V. Tartan, B. Cresswell H. Barr b Creswell 0 W. H. Podnaore, and T. Marsh b Cressvvell 2 A. Duckworth did J. H. Alderson b H not bat Callon F. Valentine bH. Callon 0 H. Warburton not out G. B. Leigh c Turton b

Cresswell R. Bates c H. Callon b Cresswell Extras

Total BOWLING ANALYSIS. ELRLIISTOWN. WARRINGTO?I. 0. MX. W. 0. M. R. W. Cromwell 12.2 3 18 6 F. N. Huish 8 2 16 0 H. Callon B.Silcock • J.H. Alderson 3 017 0 ST. HELINS Rims. V. ST. lIRLANS.—At St. Helens ground on Saturday. Scores : ST. HILICNS RECS. ST. MILRNS. Gregory o Holden b R. N. Turner not out 26 Urinrn 4 T. R. Rigby o Ainge b _ _

W. Slocombe b Holden 7 Gregay- _ 0 It. Harper c Turner T. b S. .G. Urmson b Urmson 8 Gregory H. Kerr b Urmson 2 Holden c Harper b T. Ainge lbw b Holden lB Gregory W. Shaw b Holden J. Addison a Rigby b lin b Gregory 2 Holden W. Southward b Urmson A. Crompton not out... 7 b Holden J. E. Walker b Holden 0 Dennett,L.Hammill, W. Gray not out 7 and L. Hewitt did not bat Extras

Total 62 Total ...... 63 WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. P. W. L. D. Pta Orford Barracks St. James' 6 3 1 ... 2 ... 8 Mackie: Cheshire Lines 7 ....4 ... 0 ... 6

Bewsey Wesleyans Castle Rubber Wilderspool Brewery Walker's Brewery MACKIE'S v. ST. JAMES'.—Played at Arpley on Saturday. The start was delayed until a quarter to four, and at tilr half-an-hour's play the game was aban- doned. Scores :

MACKIVS.

C. Burrell not out J. Woodhead c Knight b Green 1 J. Newton lbw b Green 0 It. Wright b Holt 1 C. Woodhead b Holt Extra% 0

Total (for four) 9 CHESHIRE LINES ENGDTHERS V. ORFORD BARRACKS. —At the Barracks. Score : BARRACKS. - ENCILNEIIRS. Day bE. Duley 0 J. Duckworth not out 61 Price bE. Dudley 5 H. Brown run out 1 Johnson not out 4 i C. Riley b Wilson 4 Paton b Duley Wilson c and b G. J. Monks, G. Chamber

Chamberlain Bundock b G. Chansber- Chamberlain, H. lain 0 Hulme, J. McKay Harford b G. Chamber- S. Heckle did not bat lain 5 Gleeaon b G.Cbarnberlain 2 Milward b G. Chamber- lain 2 Campbell, Sweeney Extras

Total for 8 wkts(innings Total for 2 wkts... 96 declared) DO • WARRINGTON WORKS COMPETITION. FTRST ROUND. PEARSON AND KNOWLES V. CHESHIRI LINES.— Played at Arpley on Tuesday. Result :—Pearson and Knowles 92 for live (Thompson 62); Cheshire Lines, five. W. Bennett took seven wickets for one run, and Appleton three for one. The losing side's score included three extras. DRAW FOR THE SECOND ROUND. The draw for the second round of the above com- petition took place on Tuesday. It will be noticed that one of the matches is fixed for Thursday before Walk- ing Day. Toes-day, June 25th, St. Helens Cable v. Whitecross. Thursday, June 27th, Crosfields v. Pearson and Knowles No. 1. Tuesday, July 2nd, Monks, Hall No. 2 v. Wilderspool Brewery. Friday, July sth, Pearson and Knowles No. 2 v. Walker's Brewery. Tuesday, July 9th, Firth Co. v. Rylands Bros. Friday, July 12th. Smethurst v. Houghton and Co. Tuesday, July 16th, Castles Rnbber v. Fletcher Russell.

Friendly Matches. ORFORD V. CALM—Played at Orford on Friday. Scores :

CALIY. ORFORD. Byrne c Short b W. B. R.Hodgson b Byrne 1 Jolley Millett c J. Short b W b • Byrne 8 Jolley H. Hodgson at Parker B. Jolley b Lawton 0 A Woodhouse b Millett 2 B. Jolley b W. Jolley 2 Parkes o Groves 5 Cotton b Wallington 3 Byrne Furness e and bH. Ebort 0 J. Woo d h o use b Lee b H. Short Greaven b Wallington ... 2 H. Short not out Stanton not ont 2 J. Shr:rt, Wallington, Kay h Caldwell Altman b Jolley 2 did not bat Extras

Fotal... ...... 38 Total (for 6 vrkts) 46 Oluoltp v. ST. Jimns' .Tpszoas,Plnyed at Wilders- pool on Saturday. Score : .

ORFORD. ST. J.LAIIPS' JUNIORS. Caldwell cand b Fleming 28 Fleming b Woodhouse 2 Sanders o and h Wright 4 Bodle c Bennett b H. Short h Walker 4 Jolley Jolley c Walker b Gibbs c Caldwell b H Fleming Sandy run out Woodhouse not out, Lawton c and b Wright 3 Walker b Woodhouse 1 Parkes b Wright 0 Wright b Caldwell 7 Wallington c Fleming b Warburton b Caldwell 0 Wright J. Short b Fleming Bennett b Fleming 0 Holland not out 2 Extras • 1 Extras Total 6l

T0..,21

===== 0002601_19070622_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 22, 1907.

_ STOEKTON HEATH Y.M. v. ARPLE ATHLETIC.— Stammers, Fred Wright, Thomas Wioks, Charles B. Y Played at Stockton Heath on Saturday. Scores : Walker. Pass: Harry Cragg, William Downing, STOGITON HEATH. ARPLNY ATHLETIC. , Thomas Evans, Reginald Gifford, William Harding,John S. Welsby b Holbrook. ...0 J. Snelling b Glllies 1 9 A.Holbrook b Thatcher 6 i Hatton, M. J. Logan, James A. Ray, John Sanders, T. Webster b Finch • Charles Shaw, Walter Sherratt, Stanley Swinton, Percy .. .. ; E. Rogers b Turton • 1 A. Tudor' b Thatcher 5 Taylor, Frank R. Wallington. H. Harding b Holbraok... 8 E. Finch c and b 1 SHORTHAND Tlementary Theory).—Pau: Percy H. F. Thatcher St Bibby b Thatcher Holbrook 0 P. Barber b Thatcher 3 Brimelow, Arthur Bodle, Harold Bretherton, John H. ... ! J. Jones et Bibby b T. Bibby b Gillies 1 Grainger, Samuel Hughes, William Houghton, Frederick Holbrook F. Ince b Turton Massey, Albert E. MoorAeld, Leonard Noroott, John E. 1 H. Renoh not out ...... 00 F. Ashcroft not out 4 R. Swinton run.. out. —. 1 W. Wilson b Gillies ... 1 Pardoe, Henry G. Sandy, Dora Wallington, Joseph H. Gillies not out Walker, Joseph Whitmore, Harold J. Woodin, Elsie ... ... Dean b Turton. 0 Warren, Wilfred H. Wadsworth, Reginald Wallington, S. Swinton b Holbrook 0 David Phillips, William Webb. Byes • Anderton, Eric Barnett,•William Crofts, Harry Daintith James Gibaon,Arthur Gardner,Arthur E. F. Hainsworth, Alfred Holmes, George Monks, Charles Barfitt, Joseph Sankey, John Scragg, Fred Timperley, Arthur E. Walker, John A. Warburton, Harry Warburton, Sidney EDUCATION. 1 viLrtolißingtoiAlle(1en 67 wAo.r(tickpae,rHmnaariodteVe. Pass : Amy 1 Astall, Bessie Jackson, John Dolan, Albert Leigh, Leigh 1 EXAMINATION Essenhigh. RESULTS. SHORTHAND (80 words per minute)..—Pass: Harry Dutton, Samuel ,Hayes, Stanley H. Jordan, Florence _____ ___ I Townley. PUPIL TEACHERS. 1 SHORTHAND (100 words per minute). Pass: Annie Andrews. I' .... I The following is a list of successful candidates, in SHORTHAND (120 words per minute).—Pass: Teresa i order of merit, at the examination recently held for Carr, Beatrice Dale. 1 SICK NURSING.—First Class with Distinction: the admission of pupil teachers. 1, Dorothy Mary 1 Minnie Smethurst. First Class: Clara Batty. Second Johnson, 2, Elsie Newton Swaine, 3, James Brown, 4 i Class: Jeannie Brown,Sarah Kirkham,MandE.Thompson Wilfred M. Barton, 5, Ada Egerton, 6, Annie Upson, ! Pus : Maggie Forster, Margaret Gatley, Sarah A. 7, Kate Davennort, 8, Annie Mary Roberts, 9, Oswald . Norbury. White, 10, Margaret Jane Amos, 11, Bessie P. Bog- I SPANISH (Elementary).—First Class: George Win- land, 12, May Baker, 13, Vera C. O'Brien, 14, Kathleen 15 1 3211"' Pass: Harold Hawthorn. E. Hankinson, 15, Ada Mary Baker, 16, Mildred .' SPANISH (Intermediate).—Second Class: Edward Ashley, 17, Hilda Johnson, 18, Alice Hough, 19, i W. Warren. Pass: R. G. S. Finney. WOODWORK.—First Class with distinction: Albert Thomas Stirrup, 20, Evangeline L. Dell. Note : The * Wright. First Class : Arthur George. Second Class: recognition of these successful candidates as pupil Henry Boyle, Daniel Ostle. wWooßitopcsna.RopvlNlGlA(ATHd teachers is conditional upon their approval b yH. MI inspector. iall i Ilg Rolandton. f Benito), John Battersby, Stanley E. Gleave, William ______ Ev at IC lAc Te dr c) .87—PFilsi ras:t Class:iW I Harding, Fred Clare, Sam Worthington, Herbert V. 1 Wakefield, Robert Chadwick, Harold Hartley, George 1 C. Joynson, Daniel Ostle, George J. Righey, Alfred E. I Steel. Second Class: Stanley Craik, William Downing, • Henry Garnett, Thomas Hewitt, Alfred Knight, John --- TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. I Sanders, J. C. Titchett, Fred W. Wright, Charles Price, I . , Alfred Whitehouse. Pass: Ernest Light, James A. COMMERCIAL ARITHMETIC (Elementary).—First Rav . Percy Taylor, Thomas Wilson, F. R. Wallington, Class: Ernest P. Baker, Wilfred B. Altmann, Harold ? William Heap. Bretherto_n, W. E. Booth, Arthur H. Davis, George H. i

Byes

. Total .. 22 Total (fortwkta) 24 1

Ellison, Henry Furnival, Herbert Gittens, Thomasilill,l Henry S. Horrabin, Benjamin Johnson, Frederick Kimberley, Albert Leigh, Charles Longshaw, Arthur B. BRANCH TECHNICAL SCHOOLS. Lythgoe, George Monks, Frank Massey, Frederick C. I Massey, Elsie Rice, Henry G. Sandy, John Sanders, Joseph Leigh, Wilfred H. . Wadsworth, William FAIRFIELD. Webb, Helen A. Wicks, George W. Ashton, Arthur ARITHMETIC (Elementary).—First Class: Elizabeth Bodle, Percy H. Ashcroft; Harold Banks, Harold Bannon, Hilda Boast, Jane Grounds, Alice Harding, G. Brandwood, Bertha Churm, Arthur Furness, Samuel Carrie dill, Kate Malkin, Frances Mary Price, Hannah Hughes, Ernest A. Hill, Pollie Heywood, Hildz. J. Rathbone, Ethel Wainwright, Pass: Alice Dagnall, Heywood, John Keeling, C. Marsh, Harry Taylor, May Ellis, Nellie Holbrook, Edith Rigby, Sarah Reginald Wallington, Joseph H. Walker, Arthur Webb, Thorniley, Ada Wilkinson, Beatrice Whitney. Joseph Whitmore, Edward Whittaker, Thomas Wilson, COOKERY (Theoretical).—First Ciao : Franco! Price. Harold Wilde. Pass: Dora Miller, James H. Shake- Second Class: Ada Wilkinson,Alice Wilkinson. Pass: shaft, F. Kershaw, Stanley Morris, Thomas P. Parr, , Elizabeth Bannon, Nellie Holbrooke,Margaret Percival. Walter N. Winstanlay, Harold Plinston. COoKERY (Practical). First Class : Margaret COMMERCIAL ARiTHHHTic (Junior).—First Class: Percival, Frances Price, Selina Mason Alice Wilkinson, Percy Clarke, James Gormaa. Second Class : Edward Ada Wilkinson. Second Class: Nellie Holbrooke. Hill, William Lowe Arthur Gardner, James H. Simoock, Pass: Elizabeth Bannon. Leonard Norcott. 'Pau : Albert Corradine, Frederick I DomnsTlc ECONOMY.—Second Clan : Frances M. J. Harding, Peter Woods, William H. Harrison. Price. Pass: Elizabeth Bannon, Margaret Percival, COLSISRCIAL ARITHMETIC (Senior).—First Class Lily Vose. with distinction: Alfred H. Austin, Arthur E. F. : EEDLE WORK (Elementary).—First Class : Eliza Hainsworth, William Houghton, Reginald D. Owen. Benion, Jane Grounds, Amy Holbrooke, Ethel Lunt, First Class: Joseph Bennion, John W. Hudson. Second Elsie Pennington, Annie Swanton, Sarah Thorniley, Class: Alfred E. Winter. Paw : Charles S. Barlow Ethel Wninwright. Second Class: Annie Bailey, and Arthur E. Walker. ; Annie Blenkinsopp, Hilda Boast, Annie Carr:lA:lice Ellen BOOK-KEEPINg (Elementary).—First Class: William Lunt, Edith Rigby, Beatrice Whitney. Pass : 'Emily Crofts and Henry Furnlval. Second Class: Joseph Firth, Cissie Yarwood. Ainsworth, Stanley Bingham, William T. Eccles. Pass: NEEDLEWORK (Intermediate).—First class: Margaret Eric Barnett, Frank Critohley, Leigh Essenhigh, Percival, Frances M. Price, Hannah Rothbone, Alice Reginald C. Essenhigh, Pollie Heywood, John E. Wilkinson. Second Class: Beatrice Daley. Pass: Pardoe, Thomas H. Wilson. , Elizabeth Bannon, Lydia Higham. BOOK-KEEPING (Intermediate).—First class: Reginald ; HAMILTON STREET. D. Owen (first place in Lancashire and Cheshire), Harry Daintith, John Daintith, George Shaw. Pass: Alfred ' COMMERCIAL ARITHMETIC (Elementary).—First H. Austin, Fred Timperley. Samuel F. Moss. Second Class: William Armitage, Frank Brooks, Joseph Class: Percy Clarke. Brown, Joseph Burke, Edward Carrall, Charles Glover, BOOK-KIEPING (Advanced).—First Class with dis_ Joseph Glover, Joseph Hallam, David Kirkham, Harry tinction : Austin Bolton and Ernest Hayward. First Leicester. James MeGrail, Thomas Massey, James B. Class: Arthur I. Newton. Second Class: George • Mellor, William Newns, Norman Sumner, Walter Box, Harold Cheatham, Frank Robinson, William K. Wilcock, Alfred Waiting, Albert Welsby, Thomas Ryan. Wood. i !ass: _ James Harrop, Thomas Hosler, Richard Jackson,

.. COMMERCIAL CORRESPONDENCE (Elementary).— ' Samuel Lomas, Ralpti'Norbury, George Pester, Harold First Class: Amy Astal, Eric Barnett, Stanley Bingham : Plinston, Andrew Welsh, Frank Wilkinson. Harry L. Bairsto, Leigh Essenhigh, John A. Warburton; i COMMERCIAL ARITHMETIC (Junior).—Pass: Oswald Edwardson, Frank Hackett, John Mannion, John Taker. John Scragg. Second Class : Samuel Hayes, Charles: H. Harrison, William Lowe' Harold Plinston, Herbert ; COMMERCIAL ARITHMETIC.—First Class: Thomas Smith, Edward Wakefield, Alfred E. Winter, Joseph . Hosier. Second Class: Walter Wilcock. Pass: Frank Welding, Sidney Worthington, Stanley H. Jordan, : Hackett. Pollie Heywood, Frederick J. Harding and George ' PRACTICAL DRAWING.—Second Class: Richard Crompton. Pass: Bertha Chum, Hilda M. Heywood, Jackson, James McGrail. Pass: Joseph Btake,Oswald Harry Warburton. Edwardson, James Harrop, Thomas Ryan, Alfred COMMXRCIAL CORRESPONDENCE (Advanced).—Flrst ' Waiting, John Whittle. Class with Distinction: _Alfred H. Austin (First place : HEATHSIDE„ __

_ . • in Lancashire and Cheshire). Ernest Hayward. First ; COMMERCIAL ARITHMETIC (Elementary).—First Class: Harry Daintith and Samuel F. Moss. Second Class: Peter Woods. Class: Cyril Bloor, John Brimelow, James Henry I Bennett, Harry Cheney, Arthur Cotterill, Harry Nooks COMMERCIAL Low.—First Class: Alfred H. Austin. 1 William Stitch, JOSOph Ashton, Joseph Chiek, Frank Second Class: Ernest Hayward and George Shaw. ! Callaghan, Thomas Cherrett, Alfred Davies, Reginald COOKERY (Principles of).--.-First Class: Martha i Mansell, Joseph Marsh, William Pemberton: Enoch Ward. Second Class: Maggie Forster, Annie Hunstone, . smith, Ada Monks, Hannah Rathoone, Alice Taylor. Pass: Reginald Slater, Bernard Williams. Pass: i Harold Payne, Fred Chester, David Ellison, Thomas, Clara Hatfield, Gertrude Moran. ' Hawthorn, Stanley Moffatt, William Unsworth. COOKERY (Practical).—First Class with Distinction: n I k.,OMMERCIAL ARITHMETIC (Junior).—Second Class: Maggie Forster Alice Taylor. Martha M. Ward. First ! Thomas T. Sparkes. Pass: William H. Griffiths, Fred Class: Clara Hatfield, Ada Monks, Catherine Malone, i Gertrude Moran, Hannah Rathbone, Ada Williams, water. Massey, - John H. Sollory, Edwin Wood, John Drink- Catherine Hamer, Florence Wainwright. Second Class: Annie Hunstone, Jane Sankey. COMMERCIAL CORRESPONDENCE.— First Class: Cyril Bloor. Second Class : Harry Nocks. Pass : DOMESTIC' ECONOMY.—First Class with Distinction: Charles Floyd, Joseph Marsh. Sarah Rigby. First Class: Annie Hunstone. Second 13 r RA CTaC AL DRAWING.—Second Class: Edwin Wood. Class; Ada Monks, Sarah Kirkham. Pass: Lily P:.ss : John Drinkwater, George Roberts, John H. Crocker, Gertrude Moran, Clara Hatfield, Bessie Sollory, Thomas T. Sparkes. Blackburn. • WARRINGTON BRITISH. DRESSMAKING (Elementary).—First Class: Lizzie Bretherton, Alice Griaves, Martha Miller, Olive Bacon. COMMERCIAL ARITHMETIC (Elemen'taryi.—First Second Class: Eleanor Davenport, Alice Foulkes, Class: Lily Allanson, Frank Astley, Ernest 11 easdale, Maria Hemmings, Annie Minshull, Ellen M. Ray, Jane I Fred A. Deeley, Nellie Dowling, Nellie Foulkes, Elsie Sankey, Mary E. Collins. -- __ Grounds, Gertrude Harding Harold Hipkiss, Albert . ___

DRIiRSMA/EING (Intermediate).—First Class: Jane Hodson 'Fred Jackson, Herbert S. Jackson, Edith Jones, Brown, Edith Penny's', Annie Knowles, Hannah Worley, ! Agnes Madden, Teresa Madden, Harold Maybury, Annie Madge Warner, Marion England. Second Class: Bessie • Messiter, Albert Newton, Frank H. Parkinson, Robert Blackburn, Elizabeth Brinielow, Marion Carter, Annie Sisson, Joseph Smart, Joseph Standish, Doris Starkey, Dobson, Dorothy Duckworth, Margaret Gatley, Ann Thomas Sparks, Gertrude E. Taylor, George Unsworth, Weave, Vera (*onion, Gertrude Hill, Louisa Hall, Percy D. Ward, Richard Wilkinson. Pass: Annie Margaret Heywood, Alice Haley, Nellie James, Fanny Barry, Austin B. Crannigon, Fred Dolan, William Rowles, Margaret Solly, Edith Ward. Farrington, Amy Forster, Harry Harrison, Hugh Haw- DRESSItAXING (Advaneed).—Second Class: S. A. thorne, Eva James, Doris Jordan, Philip E. Lake, Joseph Barrett, Janie Johnson, Agnes Parr Ethel Bradshaw. Richardson, Elizabeth Rowlands, Elsie Walters. ENGLISH (Elementary).—First Class William B. COMMERCIAL ARITHMETIC (Junior).—First Class : Battersby, Arthur Davis, Thomas P. Parr, Henry G. Frank Hawthorne. Harry Pitchford. Second ClAss : sandy, Helen A. Wicks, Joseph Whitmore, Dora James Dimelow, Edward H. Hunstone, Walter Martin Wallington, Ida Wilkinson, Fred W. Wright, Herbert Robert Ostle, James Smellie. Pass: Fred Bbiden, Wakefield. Pass: Wilfrid Altmann, Harry Broadhurst, Joseph Bridge, John Eccleston, Walter Peak, Harry Henry Florrabin Frederick Kimberley, William Lowe, Poviett, George Rowland, Walter Shakeshaft. William Litnb,Eisie Rice John Sanders, Thomas Wilson, r. t.OaIMERCIAL CORRESTONDENCE.—First Class: Fred Edward Whittaker, John Batttersby, George Ellison, A. Deeley, Fred Dolan, Cecil F. Maybury. Second Bessie Jackson, Stanley Jones, Charles Longshaw, Class: Herbert S. Jackson, Walter Martin, Harold Charles Marsh, John Sanders, Arthur Webb, Frank Maybury, Frank H. Parkinson, Harry Pitchford, Walter Wallington, Joseph Henry Walker. Shakeshaft, Thomas Sparks, Claude Unsvrcirth. Pass: FRENCH (Elementary) : First Class: Charles S. Frank Astley, William A. Chilton, Harold Hipkiss, Barlow, William Crofts. Second Class: Elizabeth Edward H. Hunstone, Edward Massey John B. Peacock, Duckworth, Marion England, Mark Ray, Frank Robin. Richard Wilkinson, Peroy D. Ward. son. Pass: John William Hudson, Bertha C. London, George B. Smallwood, Joseph B. Smallwood. COOKERY (Theoretical).—First Class: Elsie Grounds, FRENCH (Intermediate).—First Class: Alfred W, Gertrude Taylor. Second Class: Eunice Broadhurst, Perris. Second Class: Frederick Anderson, Harold Agnes Madden, Teresa Afadden, Elizabeth Rowkinds, Wood. Pass: Joseph Benion, Reginald D. Owen. Doris Starkey. Pass: Edith Jones, Annie Messiter, FREW/1i (Advanced Literary).—Second Class: Clara Nellie Dowling, Nellie Foulkes, Margaret Livingstone. Batty, Teresa P. Carr. Pass: Evelyn Wood. COOKERY (Practlcal).—First Class : Annie Barry, FRENCH (Advanced Commercial).—First Class: Fred Nellie Dowling, Nellie Foulkes, Martha Gleeson, Ashcroft. Peas: George Cox, Harry Essenhigh, Gertrude Harding Emma Jones, Doris Jordan, Agnes Lincoln John Gibson, John E. fCnowles. Madden, Teresa Madden, Nellie 'Devlin, Doris Starlit'', 3ENERAL ELEMENTARY SCIENCE.—First alms Gertrude Taylor, Elsie Walters. Second Class: Eunice Robert Moss, John Sander', Fred W. Wright, Bernard Broadhurst, Winifred Fern. Lily Forster, Nellie Kinsey, Haddock. Second Class: John Hiszelburet, George. Margaret Livingstone, Lillie Owen,Elizabeth Rowlands J. Rigbey, John G. Tears, Reginald Dimon, John H. Pass: Elsie Grounds. Wildman, John Battersby, Stanley E. (Heave, Alfred DOMESTIC ECONOMY.—Second Class: Nellie Foulkes, Harrison, Free Newbold, Herbert V. Weketleld. Pass: Elsie Grounds, Annie Messiter, Elizabeth Rowlands, Alfred Light, Frank R. Wallington, Walter ‘Vhittaker, Doris Starkey, Gertrude Taylor. Pass: Lily Allanson, James A. Ray, Charles Shaw. Annie Barry, Eunice Broadhurst, Sarah Burrows Martha GEOGRAPPIY.—First Class: Reeinald D. Owen, . Gleason, Gertrude Harding,Edith Jones, Agnes Madden, Thomas P. Parr. Second Class : eilliam B. Battersby, ; Lily Owen, Nellie Tavlin, Florence Vernon, Elsie Henry S. Horrabin, Benjamin Johnson, Frank Massey, Walters, Harry Taylor, Joseph H. Walker,Helen A. Wicks. Pass: NEEDLEWORK (Elementary).— First Claw: Margaret Samuel Hughes, Stanley Morris, Frederick W. Povey, Cook. Second Class: Bessie Dean. Pass : Emily Arthur Webb, Edward Whittaker, Joseph Whitmore, Ball. Thom as Wilson. NEEDLEWORK (Tatkrlandiate).—Firat Class: Sarah GERMAN (Elementary).—Pass Fred Ashcroft. Burrows, Nellie Foulkes, Gertrude Harding, letith GERMAN (Intermediate). —Second Class: Clara Jones, Annie Messiter' Lily Owen, Doris Starkey, Betty, Charles W. Reynolds. Pass : Jack Myles. Florence Vernon, Clarawhitbe. Second Class: Eunice Mr.r.Lienny (Elementary),,T—First Class:' Lizzie Broadhurst, Elsie Grounds, Teresa Madden. Pass: I Bretherton, Olive Bacon, Janie Brown, Bessie Black- Annie Barry, Nellie Dowling, Martha Glleson, Agnes burn, Marion Carter' Irene Fletcher, Alice Greaves, Madden. Aliee Haley. Martha Miller, Edith Ward, Ada Williams,' PRACTICAL DRAWING—Second Class: Percy Allan.- Hannah Worley, Morrie Wainwright. Second Class : son, Allany Hill Walter Peak,Williem H. Potter, James Lillie Croeker, Catherine Malone, Catherine Hamer. MILLINERY.—Advanced. First Class : Annie Him- Smellie. Pass : Fred Mader', Thomas (brat, Harry Hewitt, Philip B. Lake, Herbert Mamball Robert Ostle, stone, Elizabeth Lloyd, Ada Monks, Mary Ellen Collins, Harry Pevitt. Second Class : S. A. Barrett, Sarah H. Dobson, Dorothy • WYCLIFFE. Duckworth, Edith Furnival, Gertrude Hill, Margaret 1 Heywood, Nellie James. Pass : Mirearet Gatley, COMMERCIAL ARITHMETIC (Junior).—Pass' : Elsie Agnes Parr. Belshaw. NEEDLEWORK.—First Class: Clara Hatfield, Annie COMMERCIAL ARITHMETIC (Elementary). First Hunstone, Ada Monks, Sarah Kirkham, Dorothy Robin- Class: Emily Bell, Florence Bibby, Florence Brooke, son, Bessie Blackburn, Hannah Worley, Margaret Elizabeth Fitton,Elizabeth Martha Smith,ErnmaWaring. Forster, Sarah Rigby, Sarah H. Dobson Dorothy Duck- Pass: Emily May Faulkner, Florence Taylor. worth, Florence Wainwright, Emily Dobson, Margaret COOKERY (Theoretical). Second Class: Emily Bell, Galley. Second Class : Lillie Crocker, Gertrude Isabella Sutcliffe, Florence Brookes. Pass: Martha Moran. , Hawthorn. PRACTICAL DRAWING (Building Course). - First CUM with Distinction : Arthur George, Old Place in Lan- COOKERY (Practical). First Class: Emily Bell, Mary A.lanthwell, Martha Hawthorn, Isabella Sutcliffe, casbire and Cheshire). First Class : Alfred Whitehouse, Florence Brookes. Second Class : Elizabeth Toft. C. R. Bell. Second Class: Harry L. Clayton; Daniel Ostle, Henry Boyle, William Fettle. Pass: Alfred E. DOMESTIC ECONOMY.—Pass : Florence Brookes,Amy Taylor. John Hill. 'Moffatt, Mary Elizal eth Smith. . -

PRACTICAL DRAWING (Eneneerisg muss First i NRID-LItWURK (Elementary).—First Clime : Jane Class: Herbert Box, A. W. Clatworthy, Robert Chad- ; Poole. Second Class: Florence Bibby, Kathleen Rowe. wick, H enry Garnett, Charles Price, Elerbert V. Wake- I•TILDLBWORK (Intermediate).—First Class : Emily field. Second Class : Maurice Ankland, Frank L. ' Bell, Florence Brookes, Florence Taylor. Second Bowcock, Stanley Craik, Stanley E. Gleave, Arthur J. Class: Elsie Belshaw, Teresa Caldwell, Elizabeth Gresty, Hugh Greenhough, James Garnett. Ernest Light, Hazelhurst, Amy Moffatt, Kate Emily Rigby, Emma Alfred Light, John Peers, Andrew Smith, C. E. H. Slade. Pass : i!daster Roberts.

6/1

Sold everywhere in boxes, price 111 i (56 pills) & 219 (168 pills).

IMMEDIATE!

Lomtge knit to measure far 19/6, worth 30/. Do NOT BE PREJUDIOrD bemuse he pries is low.

Russzx sirs that it pays to dress well, and our Lou sus Surr at 19/6 is the swat VALUE EVES orriessu. Tostimonials from customers. natisf action r,usranteed or money returned. Suits.to Measure, 19,6, =la, 23,16,

. . . 30,6. Trousars to Measure, 5 '-, 6, 8/6

, Patt,rns and Self-Ineasnternent Forms ost free. BENAT & Co.' 13 Paternoster !tow, Londou. E.C.

STRIKING POSTERS For Sunday School Anniversaries, Concerts, Balls, Soirhes, Meetings, Sales by Auction, 3.c., &c., in one or more colours, on white or coloured paper, in the most striking type, size 60" x 40" in one sheet, JOHN WALKER AND Co. EXAMINER OFFICE WARRINGTON.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY. -0 BRANUM ICYZRYW KEEL PIANUFACTIntERS. 1 THE %we LADIES' SHOES, t - . Black or Brown, Glace Kid or Box Calf. " CAMELIA" '`,.. I In OXFORD, DERBY, or BARETTE. .k 1 REC.. , • 1 e , 11 & 118 Bridge Street Warri 1 .11 NIIIIPO'• 6 7 Victoria Road, Widnes.' ngt". I --...,.,.., daft 445, Widnes' Road, Simnis Cross, Widnes. Bridge Street and Market Street, Earlentown. No. 1793 6, Hlgh Street, Runcorn. THREE GOLD MEDALS. I - PUBLIC BEN EFITBOOTICOM PANY - •

===== 0002601_19070622_art0118.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070622_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
EMI

===== 0002601_19070622_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-.MIL _

===== 0002601_19070622_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

St. Barnabas' Church. The Education Question.

The patronal festival in connection with this church was continued on Sunday when there were good con- gregations. The Rev. Canon 'Morley Stevenson preached at the choral celebration of the Holy Communion in the morning his text being: "That our sons may grow up as the young plants, and that our daughters may be as the polished corners of the temple." The ideal system of education, he said,sought to bring strength to the body, usefulness to the mind,and the beauty of holiness to the soul. Ho urged the importance of teaching children the Christian faith and said that in order to do this the Church of England had built thousands of schools in this country--schools which had been built out of the contribi.tions and offerings of members of that Church in order that that kind of education might be given to children. Last year a Bill was brought into Parliament which would have dealt a very severe and, he believed, a very unjust blow at Church schools—a Bill which made it no longer necessary or obligatory that religious teaching should be given in tke schools, which might have put an end to religious teaching of any kind and certainly would have put an end to the teaching of tkeir own Church. If the Bill had been passed, they would have had removed from them at one stroke the schools which they and their fathers had built, and they would have been used as schools in which the most important part of education would have been lost. He thought they might say that in the providence of God that Bill no longer existed. But they must be prepared for this—that there might be again and very probably would be a great struggle on the part of those who wished to see the Church schools taken from them. Therefore Church people must be prepared, without bitterness or uncharitableness, but calmly and quietly sul'a duty to defend their schools to the best of their power. In the meantime the best defence they could have was to make their schools so good and to see that they carried out their work so efficiently that everyone would say it would be a shame to atop the good work which was being done in them. In the afternoon a children's service was held and the Vicar performed the cormony of blessing the hand- some new Sunday school banner, which bears the figure of SOBarnabas. There was a large congregation at Evensong, when the Rev. Canon Kempthorne, rector of Liverpool, was the preacher. He also spoke on the education question, his text being " Without me, ye can do nothing." He said that as Churchpeople their idea of education was that the intellect should get the best possible training, but they wanted to have the training of character and that mist be based on the Christian faith as proved from the Bible. In their Bible teaching they wanted to have clear' plain,strong answers to different questions. They wanted the children to know Whose they were and Whom they served. They wanted them to know what as Christians they ought to believe and do, and above all, where they could find the motive and the power to do it. If undenoininational teaching meant,as its beat authori- ties said it meant, non-credal, ethical, literary teaching of the Bible, it was absolutely helpless and impotent to give the moral training they desired. Churchmen did not ask for special privileges for themselvea,but desired equality and justice all round. They believed the only right principle was that the parent should be allowed to say what sort of religious teaching he desired his children should reeeive, and that no other should be given. Teachers also should have absolute liberty to give or not to give the particalar religious teaching of the school in which they were placed. The choir sang the anthem "I will pray the Father " (Simper), Mr. T. Evans presiding at the organ. The collections were on behalf of the day and Sunday school funds.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Hill Cliffe Baptist Church.

There were largo congregations at Hill Cliffe Church on Sunday on the occasion of the celebration of the anniversary. Sermons wert preached afternoon and evening by the Rev. C. W. Skemp, of Eceles. A children's flower service was held in the morning, when Mr. James tienworthy preeided and delivered an intereating address. Mr. H. Law, of Stockton Heath, gave some valuable advice to the scholars. A number of specially selected hymns were sung in a praiseworthy manner. During the day special anthems were snag by the choir. Mr. A. 13. Fieawortby presided at the organ at the morning service, and Mr. Peter Harrison at the afternoon and evening services. The collections for the day amoanted to £33 43.—The scholars annual picnic took place on Monday, when the weather, fortuastely, was line, and a most enjoyable day was spent at Mr. Bradford's, Retrdish Hall, Grappenball, to which place the children were conveyed in buses' and harks. Gaines were played and refreshments served.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
REMARKABLE OCEAN MIRAGE.

A remarkably distinct mirage was seen by the passengers on board the liner Philadelphia when the French liner La Lorraine appeared upside down in the sky ahead. An exchange of wireless messages showed that the La Lorraine wus far beyond the horizon. Me vision continued for an hour and a half.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
CUT THIS OUT.

The vagaries of the English Climate, the stress of business. and the hundred and one little •rorries that one is daily subjected to must sooner or later affect one's health, and there comes a time when it is not possible to ignore the fact that one is run down and needs recnnerating. Yet most people have a natural disinclination to go to a doctor on these occasions and one goes on with "the, daily round " in a hopeless fashion, trying to persoade oneself that it will be all right in a day or two. But it is not safe to leave the remedy to time alone, and the following was prescrbed by an eminent authority to meet such a case : Tincture of Buchu, one ounce ; Karok Compound, one ounce : Syrup of Lemon, two ounces. Any chemist will dis- pense this, or it may be made up at home by shaking well in a bottle. Take one teaspoonful after each meal and at bed-time. It is perfccty harmless and simply assists Nature to re-assert itself. In Kidney and Urinary Troubles it has wonderful curative powers. This prescription should be cut out, and kept for ' reference, as even if you do not need it at present,tbere are times when it will be highly beneficial to you.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0125.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
sommi

===== 0002601_19070622_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
UNION OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE INSTITUTES.

MIEN

===== 0002601_19070622_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
FLANNELETTE.

If purchasers of this useful material for underwear all the year round would buy the beet English make, which can be obtained from all leading Drapers, they would avoid the RieKs they undoubtedly run with the inferior qualities of Flannelette.

HORROCKSES FLANNELETTES.

made by the manufacturers of the celebrated Longcloths, Twills and Sheeting, glatE THE BEST.

HORROCKSEc s, Stamped on selvedgeevery 5 yard. A BROKaN-DOWN SYSTEM. /his is a condition (or disease) to which doctors give many names, but which few of them really understand. It is simply weaknese—a break-down, as it were, of the vital forcee that sustain the system. No matter what may be its causes (for they are almost numberless), its symptoms are much the same; the more prominent being sleeplessness, sense of prostration or weariness, Ilepression of spirits and want of energy for all the ardinary affairs of life. Now, what alone is absolutely essential in all such cases is increased vitality—vigour— VITAL UTRENGTH AND ENERGY to throw off these morbid feelings, :tact as night succeeds the day this may be mork certainly secured by a course of THE NVN FRENCH REMEDY, THERAPEGNI No .3, .

than by any ether known combination. So surely as it is taken in accordance with the directlons accompanying It, will the shattned health be restored, the EXPIDING LAMP OF LIFE LIGHTED itc- AFRESH

and a new existence imparted in place of what had so lately seemed worn-out, ns,d up," and valueless. This wonderful medicament is suitable for all ages, constitu- tions and conditions, in either ex; and it is difficult to Imagine a case of disease or derangement, whose main features are those of debility, that will not be speedily and permanently hnneffted by this never-failing recuper- ative essence, which is destined to cast into oblivion sverything that had preceded it for this wide-spread and numerous class of human ailments. Price 2s. 9. (particulars penny stamp) post frea in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co., Haverstock Road. Hampstead, London, and of principal chemists. Word " THERAPION " appears on Government Stamp (ii white letters on a red ground), affixed to every package by order of His Majesty's Hon. Commi:sioners, and Without which it is a forgery.

*.. CHEER/NG * /NFLUENCES I ....111 •. , ... . . I NoToNs ..,..?.. , .. pu . RE. _ . _ mt- . . ~ :„„n„..„, . . 01-4 Th . . '-:-,r-• - , - . .porrt C-'4 ~., ~. • ; - 1 :::',.°L -, • ,- •FA---z-r.? '• --, --: . I ••:2,tlir .-- igrginPft;t t L,,..,,,,, . tionrsimcmj •:, . . ,-pAh , .. , • •WP rcc it tc, . . tot * . -. L. al wi 11"" • *

I(EATINdSI DOWDER f TARIM - FLEAS BUGS FLIES offinrsram

===== 0002601_19070622_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
RING UP

ELEPHONK No. 355 Y • PRINTING. OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

JOHN WALKER & Co.,

PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. LITHOGRAPHERS. Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any Me or piittern. on blue, white, or fancy paper.

A DDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from ti plate or type.

OIRCLARS in the neatest style, from modern kJ. type, and of the best workmanship.

pROGRAMSIIO for Entertainment% Concerts ac., in the latest artistic style.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

Si"' RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPI lON BOORS Printed, Bounds Pumbered and Perforated to order.

HANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

_ HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Song. Festivals, ao.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
CATALOGUE fur Public Ind Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradusinan.

PRICF; LIM'S Printed on card or paper Illue trnted. U required.

JOHN WALKER & CO. CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SHEETS NOTICES OF MEETINGS POSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES

POST CARDS CRICKET FIXTURES.

EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTING

A o RICHLTURAL AND FLORAL SCHEDULES AI CATALoGITEs. CONCERT BELLS AND PROGRAMMES, INVOICES, PRICE LISTS, CIRO:MARS, PAMPRLM'S, TIME BOOKS, MILL WORK, CATALOGUES, CLUB RlTL'as, PROGRAMMES, BALANCE Smarm/3,

AXICUTRII AT MORT NOIIIIIIO.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES SPRCIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARD.

&ttention Is Invited to our inW FOUNTS OF TYPIt

and WOOD LETTER for Large Posters. FOR ALL MEMO OP DRAT . POSTURE EXTRA LANGE SIZE.

40 z SO One Sheet. WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS IN THE DISTRICT.

, ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

JOHN WALKER AND eo "EXAMINER" OFFICE.

BEWSL'T STREET, W&RRINGTON

===== 0002601_19070622_art0130.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19070622_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

"GETTING INTO STRIDE."

Another letter from Mr. A. H, Crosfleld, M.P.

Sir,—Next week you will be chiefly interested in the question of the House Of Lords, and it will then be difficult to find time and space for discussing our ordin- ary legislative record and programme, with which in my previous letter I promised to deal. May I then refer to it this week ; and in the first place draw attention to the work of Mr. Lloyd George at the Board of Trade. Let us compare the work of the present Government in developing commerce, with that of its predecessor. I need not remind you that the Sugar Convention is to be either denounced, or so altered as to abolish the prohibition upon sugar grown in Russia, the Argentine, and other countries which retain bounties. Immense industries—a very large pro_ portion of those that cater for the people's supply of food and drink—depend upon sugar as raw material,and will therefore feel the advantages of a free market in which to buy. The Board of Trade is moreover co-operating with the Foreign Office in order to effect a complete re-organ- isation of the Consular Service, which has been far too retch l'E T the control of aristocratic families, who have often a congenital inclination to despise the mtindane, (yet vitally important!) processes of buying and selling. We have before us at the present time a Bill which settles the question of Owners' Risks upon railways. This is a Private Member's measure, but it is significant that obstruction to it has come from Tories like Sir Frederick Banbury who, on the public platform, make an especial point of the necessity for "defending our commerce." It would perhaps be a little unkind to ask why there should be this strange discrepancy between their teaching outside the House, and their practice within it ! The most important of these Trade Reforms is how- ever the Patents Bill, which has been carried through Committee in the teeth of the varied influences exerted by the American Trusts. When this Bill becomes law, as it is morally certain to do this year, every holder of a patent in this country will have to work his patent here ; otherwise it becomes void. The old plan of excluding British industry by taking out patents which there was no intention of working in this country thus becomes impossible. In more ways than one we in Warrington, with our great leather industry, have an interest in the fact that the clauses dealing with restrictive agreeements as to machinery will save that industry from the threat of gradual strangulation by a powerful American Trust. Here is good positive work. Liberals are entitled to ask why in all their years of office the Tories so seldom attempted useful commercial legislation of this kind. But I have yet to mention the Government's still larger measures, as for instance the three Land Bills,for England, Scotland and Ireland respectively. In Ireland of course, land legislation has been proceeding for years, and the Evicted Tenants Bill really helps to complete the task of a generation. The Scottish Bill has also grown on': of the past, for it is an extension and development of the Crofters' Act which was passed by the last Liberal Government. We all know how the peasantry of Scotland have left the land for one reason or other, the claims of productive agricultural industry having in too many cases been sacrificed to other con- siderations. I have never run down sport, and am not going to do so now. But Dr. Johnson once told us that " moderation " is the finest word in the English language, and though some of us may, and I for one do, value sport and its influence on English character, its claims may be pushed too far. They have been pushed too far in Scotland. Too many people have for that or for other reasons left their native soil. Everyone deplores—deeply deplores—that fact and all its conse- quences. And yet the Government's proposals to arrest this process have met with deadly opposition from the Tories. In Standing Committee several whole days of obstruction passed before one line of the Bill was carried, and Mr. Balfour openly threatened to use the power—the too unrestricted aiul irresponsible power—of his friends in another place for the purpose of over-riding the decision and nullifying the eitorts of those who sent us to Parlia- ment.

Mr. Harcourt's English Land Bill was so good and strong a Bill and —experts tell me—so cleverly drafted that the Tories dare not oppose its second reading; but here again we have to watch our opponents closely, and I was glad to hear Mr. Harcourt announce in advance thas he will not agree to weakening amendments. After all the object of these reforms is far from being a dis- play of unfriendliness towards the landed interests. We cannot allow the British race to deteriorate as it will deteriorate if we lose our country-bred folk. And so we must secure to the agricultural labourer free access to the soil, and the opportunity of cultivating a small holding where he has the skill and energy to accomplish this task. These Land Bills are great measures, and having yesterday attended the deputation which was received by the Prime Minister, loan further assure you that the whole question of Land Valuation is under final inrestigation by the Gorernment with a viewto legislation next year.

I cannot say what will be the action of the House of Lords towards our programme, but there can be no denying that so far as we in the Commons have the opportunity under the Constitution of carrying out our pledges, we are loyally seeking to justify your confi- dence.

I might mention one or two other little Bills. Medical Inspection of children in our Public Elemen- tary Schools will, I hope and believe,be authorised this year. It sounds a small measure, but it affects millions of the young and it will of course go far to correct the terrible evils described in the Report on Physical Detonation—which the Tories first published and then ignored. Another little Bill securing immediate notifi- cation of births will help suitable agencies to see to the proper feeding of young children, upon which infant life so largely depends. Finally, may I remind you that we are making a great effort to secure the passa7e of our old friend the " Deceased Wife's Sister Bill." Prejudice (not to mention fanaticism) proverbially dies hard, and this question has been no exception to the rule. Our opponents are fighting hard, and resorting to all hinds of strategy. But their numbers are getting gradually small and b3autifully less, and their fate is sealed. Four hundred of us have signed the memorial which has been this week presented, pressing the Government to take charge of this measure. I will not add more than the suggestion that if you take this letter and add it on to my last letter, and then remember that I have still to deal in a further letter with the House of Lords, you will comae to the con- clusion that so far from slacking off in our second Session, we are really getting into our stride.—Yours etc,

A. IL CROSFIELD.

London, June 20, 1907.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Parker and the S.D F.

Reply from Mr. H. Que!ch.

Sir,— A correspondent has sent me a copy of your paper containing a reference by a Mr. Parker to a speech of mine at Plymouth, in which he charges .me with "shuffling," in replying to a question which challenged my statement that the Liberal Government had done nothing." As I pointed out in my reply, the statement obviously had reference to the matter under considera- tion, as no Government could be in office for eighteen months without doing something. if it was only to draw their salaries. As a matter of fact, I said,, the present Clovernment had done a good deal, if we took into account their continuing the policy of their predecessors in foreign affairs and in the Colonies, with the hanging of Kaffirs in Natal, and the execution of Egyptians at Denshawai. But in regard to the questions in which their followers were chiefly interested and expected so much, they had done nothing. As a consequence these followers were disappointed. We Social-Democrats alone were not disappointed, because we had expected nothing, and that was precisely what we got. We had told the people—so readily gulled by politicians of both capitalist parties—that there was nothing more to hope for from the Liberals than from the Tories, and the event had justified our warning. We were therefore in the position of being able to say "we told you so."

To this view Mr. Parker appears to take exception. Well, it would be interesting to know which section of the followers and supporters of the present Government are satisfied with their performance. Are they the Nonconformists, than whom no body of people did more to secure the great Liberal victory? If Mr. Parker thinks so, I would advise him to read some of the speeches and writings of the leaders of Nonconformity, and notably a recent article in the "British Weekly" entitled "Losing the Legions." Are we to look for these satisfied supporters of the Government among those who expected them to sweep away the infamy of Chinese slavery in South Africa immediately on taking office? Or among those who looked for the fulfilment of their promise to amend the Unemployed Workmen Act. Or those who are being thrown out of the National Arsenal at Woolwich to swell the ranks of the unemployed, without any provision being made for them by this sympathetic Liberal Government? Or perhaps we should look for them among the Irish Nationalists, who did so much to put the Liberals into office, but have now rejected their sham Devolution Bill with contempt, and are showing their satisfaction at the performance of the Government by running a candidate against the Liberal at Jarrow? Or shall we find them among our Indian fellow subjects, upon whom "Honest John " Morley is now practising some of the worst methods of the Russian despotism, or of the ancien regime in France, by arresting and imprisoning men without trial, for no other offence than political agitation? If Mr. Parker is satisfied with the perform- ance of the Government, I can assure him that this satisfaction is not generally shared by the supporters of the Government, either inside or outside the House of Commons,and that it is only the Social Democrats who have no occasion for disappointment. Mr. Parker speaks of " a Government that in its first session had passed more measures directly benefiting the workers than any Government of which we had any records." That might easily be true without leaving the Liberals much to boast about, Capitalist Govern- ments are chiefly concerned - with serving capitalist interests, and lam not called upon to show that this Government is any worse than others. My point is that it is no better, and that it obtained office by false pre- tences, by gulling the workers into believing that it was going to do a lot of wonderful things ; things which we Social-Democrats pointed out no capitalist Government could or would do, and that therefore, we are not in the least disappointed, while those who have put their trust in the Liberal Party should have learnt from their experience of the past eighteen months not to repeat the folly. As to the much vaunted achieve- ments on behalf of the working-class, they are two : the Trades Disputes Act and the Workmen's Compensa- tion Amendment Act. In reference to the first, the vital clause, the only thing of any value in the measure, was carried through in spite of the opposition of the Law Officers of the Government, in response to organ- ised Labour pressure, and in the hope that the House of Lords would amend that clause out of the Bill. In regard to the second, an amendment to the Compensation Act was already ovordue, it would have been made whichever party was in power, and it must not be forgotten that it is not to the Liberals, but their opponents, that we owe the introduction into our legislation of this principle of universal compensation for injury. Mr. Parker " protests "against my " assumption that the Socialist party had a right to speak for the Whole of the working classes." This is only because he has not taken the trouble to understand the difference between the Socialist party and all other parties. As against the Socialist party all other parties are con- servative. The Socialist party alone stands for the emancipation of the working-class, the abolition of the last form of human slavery—wage-slavery--through socialisation of the means of production. All other parties assume the perpetuation of the present system of society. based upon the subjection of the working- class to the domination of property. The very most that the best among these other parties aim to do, is to make the conditions of the workers somewhat more tolerable than they are to-day. The Socialist party aims at transforming them entirely. This is why, although there are many among the working-class who still vote for the old parties which would perpetuate their slavery—just as there were many among the South American slaves who fought on the side of their masters—we are perfectly justified in claiming for the Socialist party that it speaks for the whole working class.—Yours faithfully,

H. QI7ELCH, (Editor of" Justice.")

June 15th, 1907.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examinee, Saturday June 22, 1907. THE INFIRMARY EXTENSION.

and is an ideal worth working for. Again may I point out within its membership we have:Socialists, Conserva- tives, Liberals, Unionists, and Home Rulers, Church, Free Church and some Catholic members (we admit male and female on equal terms) all of thers holding their own private opinions, and identified with their resp2ctive parties so far as they wish, but united upon this one question of opposition to the use and influence of alcoholic liquor and the trade. Now to municipalize the trade is to make me as a member of the community, practically a shareholder or a part owner in the concern, and,holding the views I do, I don't want to participate in the responsibility. Surely that is consistent. I don't want to take part in the building up, I prefer the pulling down—l do not I quarrel with the phrase that "Socialists and sensible men are synonymous." 1 don't know them all, but some of my earliest and many of my present friends are , Sccialists, and knowing what I do of them would rather agree, but I have known very sensible Conservatives, Liberals, &c. I hardly think it can be claimed as the sole quality of any party, and identification even with a sensible party, does not always convey the quality to the individual. Whether the public houses of Warring- ton are squalid dens or not is a question for the police (who every year certify to their fitness for the purpose) and the Watch Committee From their outward appearance, anyhow we usually term them gin palaces. They appear to be very hand- some and commodious, and I have every reason to believe there is no difficulty in getting temperance drinks, which are given you with as much civility and politeness as though you were buying the most potent of their liquids, in fact some of them have quite a reputation for the supply of dinners &c. No we are not quarrelling with the private lives or the personality of the men or women who sell it. They are the results of the demand for and the law which permits the sale. Their own opinions, with which although we may differ, they have a perfect right to ; their early training, environment and association. We sometimes oppose them for public position,not because of their personality but because we believe they will use that position either in the promotion, or defence of their trade inter- i ests. That is only human nature. We don't quite understand a man being" disinterested" in what he is engaged in, also everyone of them year by year are testified to by the police authorities as being persons of good character. A testmony possessed by no other body of tradesmen in the town. And if under such favourable' conditions, the results are of such a character as to cause Mr. Stanley Lord to deplore them, some of us , may be excused if we are not prepared to take the business from such exceptionally able persons and place it in less experienced hands.We believe the quality of the liquor and its results are no better or no worse whether dispensed by Publican or Parson. Mr. Stanley Lord says " The only sensible remedy (for the evils he enumerates) is the socialist one of municipalization." Being a socialistic remedy does not make it more or less acceptable than it was when the Right Hon. J. Chamberlain, M.P., advocated it years before he entered, Parliament, and it has been under discussion and con- sideration ever since. Who told Mr. Stanley Lord, I wonder, "that the public house is the working man's club ?'; As a workingman all my life I have equally as math right to deny that statement and assert that for the ,one who makes it a rendezvous, there are scores of men amongst the drinkers who do not. I wonder who told Mr. Stanley Lord that total abstainers assumed to themselves all the virtues and attributed all the vices te , those who were not. If all his other statements are equally inaccurate I am afraid we shall have lost all respect for his opinions before he has well I started expanding his ideas. It is true we compare Philip drunk with Philip sober, and assume that the sober man has a keener sense of right and wrong, may control his passions and desires better than when he is under the influence of drink, and the more he is under the influence of drink, the less guarded and more incapable he becomes. This is one of the evils Mr. Stanley Lord himself deplores. But to assume that because a person becomes a total abstainer he is for that reason alone free from vice, is about equally as absurd as to assume because he calls himself a Socialist he is favoured with a superabundance of intelligence. I am afraid I am trespassing too much upon your space, but may I venture to suggest in conclusion to Mr. Stanley Lord, that to call people" fanatics is neither original nor argument, neither are the opening phrases Jf his letter a very good example of philosophic temper- ance of language. Why does he invite people to enter a fray ! rhe consideration of this question should not be a call to battle. Possibly he is young and enthusiastic and has just discovered this question, and is spoiling for a fight.—Believe me, yours very truly, PATRICK O'BRIEN, 125, Wilderspool-road, Jane 18th.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REV. H. WALL'S MARRIAGE.

Presentations at Cockhedgp Mission.

The Rev. H. Wall, the minister in charge of Wycliffe Cockhedge Mission, was on the 6th inst. married to Miss Fannie Smith, of Loddon, Norfolk. The event natur- ally aroused great interest among the Cockhedge congre- gation, and at a social gathering on Thursday evening Mr. and Mrs. Wall were cordially welcomed on returning from their honeymoon. Opportunity was also taken to present them with several handsome wedding gifts. There was a large attendance, Mr. Holland presiding. The CHAIRMAN said the friends of Wycliffe Church and Dockhedge Mission would, he was sure, join with him in extending a hearty welcome to Mr. and Mrs. Wall and wishing them every joy and happiness. They hoped, too, that their lives would be made useful in spreading the Gospel in that district and that they might see the salvation of souls. Mr. Wall had brought a lady amongst them who,they felt sure,would share the work there and her presence in many homes would no doubt prove a blessing. He hoped all the Mission helpers would work harmoniously together and that the future might be full of hope for them all. (Applause). Mr. W. H. WALLINGTON made some humorous observations, and also joined in offering to Mr. and Mrs. Wall sincere congratulations. He had been deputed on behalf of the committee and congregation to ask their acceptance of a reminder of that happy occasion in the shape of a hall stand. The gift came from the whole body of the people at the Mission; no section had been excluded. It was a pleasure to them to offer to their pastor and his wife a gift which showed their appreciation of Mr. Wall's services and was an evidence of the hope that their married life would be a great success in every way. They also hoped that the future might have in store even richer blessings for the Mission than had boon experienced in times gone by. (Applause.) Miss SENIOR, on behalf of the girls' class, then pre- sented Mr. and Mrs. Wall with a tea service and con- veyed the congratulations and hearty greetings of the class.

The Rev. H. WALL in returning thanks, said his heart was filled with gladness on receiving those tokens of the affection of the people at Cockhedge. There were times in one's work when one began to feel a little bit despondent, but an occasion like the present gave one new cheer and new hope. It helped one to feel that, after all, there was a bond of unity between pastor and people which always ought to exist and which must exist if the work was to continue to be a success. He trusted the new life upon which he and his wife had entered might be fraught with blessedness and happi- ness and that as they went along together through the days that were before them they might be able by their sympathy, and perhaps at times by their advice and guidance, to lead the people, as they hoped the people might lead them, to better things. He trusted that their fellowship together might be a blessed and happy one. He asked them to extend to his wife, who came amongst them as a stranger, the same sympathy that they had shown to him and then he was sure that their work would be fraught with much good. (Applause.) The Rev. JOHN YONGE said that was a unique gather- ing, as he did not know that Cockhedge Mission had ever before in its history had the pleasure of celebrating the marriage of its pastor. The Wycliffe people wished to join with the Cockhedge congregation in wishing that Mr. and Mrs. Wall might have a, very happy married life. He hoped the friends at Wycliffe and Cockhedge would extend to Mrs. Wall a very sympathetic welcome, and that she might expect to find there those who were perfectly ready to be friends to her, and that she would be a friend to them. He sincerely trusted that, if it were God's will, Mr. and Mrs. Wall might have 44 years as happy, prosperous and useful as by God's blessing he trusted his own and Mrs.Yonge's married life had been. (Applause,)—Mr. Yonge concluded by presenting, on behalf of the Wycliffe friends, a handsome chiming clock and cruet, rerharking that the gifts had been chosen by Mrs. Armitage. They sincerely hoped that Mr. and Mrs. Wall might have a very long and happy m yried life. (Applause). Mr. GEORGE WALLINGTON also offered hearty con- gratulations.

The Rev. EL WALL said it was very kind of the Wycliffe friends to show their sympathy with the work there. He trusted that under new circumstances they might be able to work together even better than in the past, with fewer blemishes and with greater success. (Applause). During the evening an enjoyable musical programme was submitted and refreshments were served.

Sir,—Your correspondent Mr. Stanley Lord in his ) WIRRAL AND BIRKENHEAD SHOW. letter upon the above subject concludes by saying" he 1 hopes to enlarge upon this idea next week" and" will Entries for machinery, implements, pigs, sheep,cattle, the 1.0.G.T. join the fray." May I as a mere member horses, turnouts, cheese, butter, and eggs in connection wfth this fixture which is to take place at Bebington of the Lo.G.T. for the past 30 years assure him that many of its members will read with the greatest possible next month, close on Wednesday, the 26th inst. In- interest anything fresh that may be presented on this tending exhibitors are requested to note the" Alfred H. subject. And although I may not be in time to Read" Champion prize (No. 21) is for the best shire influence his next epistle I would like to add for his filly (foal, yearling, or two-year-old) entered or eligible information,that the 1.0.G.T. is not entirely a political for the stud book, and exhibited by a member of the Wirral and Birkenhead Agricultural Society, residing In organization. In the first place it is a total abstinence the society's district ; also that there is a fourth prize association, believing that the use of alcoholic o liquors is not necessary to the individual and that of one pound in Class 31 (dairY cows), and a second the common use of them is responsible for prize of ten pounds in Class 74 (four-in-hand teams). a vast proportion of the crime, pauperism, Copies of the prize schedule may be had on application to the secretary, 6, liarnilton-squara, Birkenhead. and misery existing amongst the people. Consequently --......--. they pledge themselves not only to abstain themselves, but to do all in their power legitimately to influence LOWER RATES FOR POPLAR. others to do the same, and by all just means endeavour It was reported on Thursday that the rates for the to limit the power, and eventually if possible get rid of ensuing quarter in the Poplar Borough will show a the whole business. That may be considered a huge further reduction of a penny in the 2. This will repro- proposal, but it is at least consistent with profession, seut a reduction of 2s. in the £ within a year.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT BAZAAR AND FETE AT HILL CLIFFE.

The picturesque grounds of "Hill Cliffe," the residence of Mr. Henry Greenall, are at present the scene of a bazaar and fete in which all Warrington is more or less interested. The event represents a great effort to raise the balance of £3,000 required for the Infirmary extension fund and few bazaars have aroused such enthusiasm amongst all sections of the com- munity. The friends of the institution are extremely anxious that the new building shall be opened free from debt,and it is hoped that the generosity with which the appeal has already been responded to will be maintained and that the bazaar will place the success- ful realization of their wishes beyond doubt. The bazaar, which was opened on Wednesday, will be con- tinued to-day and. all who have not already visited it and sampled the numerous attractions should certainly make a point of doing so. Those who are apt to look upon such functions as monotonous will surely change their opinion in this case, for the bazaar is almost unique by reason of the unusual nature of the surround- ings. The park with its fine spreading trees makes a delightful retreat, and nothing could be more pleasant than to spend a few hours at this rural spot away from the grime and bustle of the town. Then, again, there are almost innumerable attractions to entertain the visitor and induce him to part with surplus cash,so that the risk of boredom is nil.

Fine weather is the all-important factor in the success of at fresco functions, and the unpromising out- look of Tuesday gave rise to no little uneasiness. However, Wednesday was more like the June that we once knew, the sun shining brilliantly during the afternoon, while the heat was not at all oppressive. The result was that many inhabitants of the town and district betook themselves to Hill Cliffe and there was a large and representative gathering at flag opening ceremony. Everything augured for the success of the undertaking and visions of thousands of p3unds raised and deficits wiped off, filled the minds of the workers. The stalls were most attractively arranged in a large marquee, a separate one being allotted to each district. They were artistically draped with green and white muslin and were laden with all manner of useful and pretty wares. The following ladies acted as stall- holders :

WARRINGTON STALL.—(Fancy Articles) :—The Mayoress of Warrington, assisted by Mrs. Atkin, Mrs. Bowden Mrs. Bracecamp, Mrs. Buckton, Mrs. Densham, Mrs. Eddowes, Mrs. H. Fairclough, Mrs. Edward Fox, Mrs. Phillip Garnett, Miss Geddes, Mrs. Ralph Johnson, Mrs. Lightburn, Mrs. Lord, Mrs. C. E. Parker, Mrs. Sankey, Mrs. Reginald Smith, Mrs. J. E. Wright, The Infirmary Matron and Nurses and others. STOCKTO.N HEATH STALL.—(China and Country Produce):. Mrs. Lyon and Mrs. Vere B. Davies: assisted by Miss Bainbridge, Mrs. Baxter, Miss Baxter, Mrs. Bedell, Mrs. J. E. Birtles, Mrs. Bower (Stratton), Miss Boyle, Mrs. E. Gaskell Davies, Miss DePas, Mrs. P. Darbyshire (Stratton), Mrs. Fletcher (Whitley), Mrs. Garland, Mrs. Ernest Garland, Mrs. J. M. Greenhaigh, Mrs. E. J. Hall, Mrs. Harris, Mrs. Walter Jackson, Miss Florence Lee, Mrs. Leslie Mrs. Longland, Mrs. McGregor, Mrs. Milling, Mrs. W. Monks, Mrs. Segar Owen, Mrs. C. D. Parkinson, Mrs. J. E. Ransome, Mrs. Richardson. Mrs. W. B. Roberts, Mrs. Gordon Roberts, Mrs. Roome, Mrs. Rose, ' Mrs. Frank Warburton, Mrs. A. J. Willett, Miss G. Willett, Miss Wilson. LATCHFORD STALL (White Stall) :—Mrs. Broadbent, assisted by Misses Broadbent. Miss Orange Broomhead, Mrs. George Dakin, Mrs. Richard Fairclough, Mrs. Dutton Fairclough, Miss Mabel Fairclough, Miss Harvey (Buxton), Mrs. Leadbetter, Miss Massy, Mrs. Monro, Miss Rose, Mrs. Severn (Brantwood), Mrs. Stephen, Mrs. Willcocks.

THRLWALL AND GRA.PPENHALL STALL.—(Stationery and Fancy Work) : Mrs. Frost and Mrs. Rylands, assisted by Miss Ethel Appleton, Miss Arrowsmith, Mrs. Bleckly, Miss Bleckly, Miss Davies, Mrs. Earwaker, Mrs. Frith, Miss Hancock, Mrs. Hatton, Mrs. Long, Miss Lister-Kaye, Miss Norton, Mrs. Pickmere, Miss M. Pigot, Miss Blanche Rylands, Miss P. Rylands, Mrs. Wilde.

LYAIM STALL.—(Baskets and Flowers) : Mrs. Coxon, assisted by Mrs. Beckett, Mrs. Callender, Miss Callender, Miss Duncan, Miss Grundy, Miss E. Grundy, Miss Hutchings, Miss Dolly Hutchings, Miss Dorothea Hutchings, Mrs. Lilly, Mrs. Bubert Miller, Miss Miller, Miss Letty Miller, Miss Millington, Miss Moorhouse, Mrs. Norris. Miss W. Norris, Mrs. Ridgway, Miss Ridgway, Mrs. W. P. Rylands, Miss Steele, Miss Nita Todhunter, Mrs. Watkin. DARESBURY AND MOORE STALL.—(Fancy Work) : Mrs. Blair and Mrs. White, assisted by Miss L. Blair, Miss B. Blair, Mrs. Wilfred Meekly, Miss Broome, Miss Darlington, Mrs. De Prez, Miss Dutton, Mrs. Lee Jones, Miss Lee Jones, Miss S. Jones, Mrs. Wynne Jones,Miss J. Litton, Mrs. William Honks, Mrs. Shepherd-Cross, Miss Sloane, Mrs. H. Taylor, Mrs, J. J. Whitley, Miss Whitley, Miss Wright, Mrs. Herbert Woods.

REFRESHMENT TENT AND "HILL CLTFFE " STALL.— Lady Greenall, Mrs. Henry Greenall, Mrs. W. P. Rylands and Miss Litton, assisted by Hon. Mrs. J. E. Cross, the Misses Ackerley, Mrs. Agnew, Miss Ains- worth, Miss Cartland, Miss Daglish, Mrs. Eckersley. Miss Edmundson, Mrs. E. Greenall, Miss Greaves- Banning, Mrs. Hartley, Miss Hills, Mrs. W. C. Jones, Mrs. Nelson, Mrs. Pluton, the Misses Pigot, Mrs. Pilk- ington, Mrs. C. Shepherd-Cross, Miss P. Whitley, Miss Sloane, Mrs. Steavenson, Miss E. Stolterfoht, Mrs. Talbot, Mrs. Percy Tew. Appropriately,most of the stall holders were in nurse's garb an the scene presented was very pleasing.

THE LAST £37000.

Patten took in the noble work which they had all so much at heart. He hoped their lives would be long spared, because he felt sure the institution would always have their sympathy, and certainly no institu- tion was more deserving of it. The Workingmen's Committee were extremely obliged to the Hon. Misses Patten for their attendance and encouragement that day. '(Applause.) The vote was cordially passed. In responding the Hon. ELISABETH WILSON PATTEN said it was a very great pleasure for them to be present that day and they thanked the gathering for their groat kindness. (Applause.) Mr. W. P. RYL &NOS moved a cordial vote of thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Henry Greenall for so kindly lending the park which alone had made possible that magnificent bazaar and fete which they were about to enjoy. (Applause.)

The Rev'. FT. V. ['MOT (chairman of the Infirmary Board of Management) seconded and said the vote deserved to be carried with the greatest enthusiasm. The vote having been accorded with acclammation the bazaar commenced.

WEDNESDAY'S PROCEEDS. Wednesday's sales realized £6BO. THURSDAY'S PROCEEDINGS.

Most depressing conditions prevailed at the opening ceremony on Thursday. Rain fell in torrents but despite this there was again a large attendance. The Rev. H. V. Pigot, Rector of Grappenhall, presided. The Camillus, in asking the Hon. Mrs. Willis, Halsnead, to open the bazaar said they were pleased to be able to look back to the previous day as a day of success. He hoped the precedent which was established on those grounds six years ago would be repeated. Then they held a three days bazaar. On the first day a certain amount was received, the second day they made more and the third day they made more still. If they could repeat that he was sure they would satisfy the wishes of the promoters of the bazaar. (Applause.) Mrs. Wi-Lids, who was given a cordial welcome, said it gave her great pleasure to assist in the endeavour to raise funds for the extension of the Warrington Infirmary. When they realized the comfort and benefit which the institution was to the many poor and suffer- ing cared for within its walls, they must all acknow- ledge that it deserved the warmest support of everyone. she hoped the good work done in Warrington would be increased by the extension of the building and sincerely trusted that the additional sum required for the com- pletion of the same would be realized by the bazaar. She wished it every possible success and had much pleasure in declaring it open. (Applause.) Mr. JOHN FAIRCLoUGH proposed a vote of thanks to Mrs. Willis for her services. He was sure they were very much indebted to Mrs. Willis and he did not think they could please her better than by getting to work. (Hear. hear and applause). Mr. J. A. MCGREGOR seconded. He only wished that the weather had given Mrs. Willis a sunnier welcome. The previous day he had had £7OO handed to him but as the stall holders had still some money in hand they could magnify the sum according as their nature was sanguine. He hoped with the chairman that the success of the bazaar held at Hill Cliffe, six years ago, would be repeated. (Applause). The vote was heartily accorded. Captain d'A'W[Lus briefly responded. It was a pleasure to be present, and he hoped that that day's proceedings would be most successful. He happened to be present at the laying of the foundation stone of the extension, and was pleased to hear that the building was going on so satisfactorily, and he hoped it would be of the greatest benefit to Warrington. No one who had not been in an infirmary could realize the amount of good which they did. He happened to spend his first three weeks in India in such an institution, and could fully testify to the skill and attention which was paid to the people on all hands. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19070622_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OPENING CEREMONY.

The bazaar was opened on Wednesday afternoon by the Hon. Ellinor and the Hon. Elisabeth Wilson-Patten. Mr.W. Peter Hylands, J.P., (Chairman of the Infirmary Extension Committee) presided over an excellent atten- dance which included the Mayor and Mayoress and many of the clergy and ministers of the town and district.

The CHAIRMAN, having presented the Hon. Misses Wilson-Patten with souvenir copies of the programme. said that probably the audience had heard so much of the objects of the bazaar that it was hardly necessary for him to dwell at much length upon that point. At the same time he thought it was only right to remind them of the reason for the bazaar, and that was that the Infirmary accommodation at Warrington had been hope- lessly inadequate during the last few years to meet the claims that had been made upon it. They had only forty beds to meet the necessities of a population of close upon 80,000 and the staff of the Infirmary had in the most devoted manner been doing all they could to make those forty beds do the work that was required, until they had been very much handicapped in their labours. The Board of Management were faced with two alternatives—either they would have to leave things as they were or they would have to face a very large scheme which would provide for the requirements for a reasonable number of years. After a most anxious 1 consideration it was decided to adopt the plans, probably with which his hearers were familiar, and the work had been put in hand involving a cost of £15,000. The people of Warrington and the surrounding districts had come forward in the most generous manner and they had already found over .£12,000. (Applause.) He was full of hope that during the four days of the bazaar , the whole of the balance would be cleared off and that the new extension might be opened free of debt. (Applause). in that tent there were an enormous num- ber of pretty and valuable things which the visitors would probably snap up at once if there were no other , consideration but their worth and usefulness. But he ' hoped the consideration of the object they had in view would unloose their generosity to the utmost extent land assist the management in attaining the aim they I had so much at heart. Before asking the Hon. Nfisses I Wilson-Patten to declare the sale open he would like to remind those present that the Hon. Misses Wilson- Patten were the first to put down ^ their =awes for a contribution towards the Infirmary extension. (Applause). The Hon. Miss ELLINOR WILSoN-PATTEN, who was heartily received, said that after what Mr. Rylands had said, she thought nothing remained for her to say I expect that as they were likely to be /mined before they left-.-(laughter)---they must console themselves I with the reflection that it would be in an extremely !good cause, on which all minds were at one. She did not think there could be anyone dissenting from that important undertaking and she had great pleasure in opening the bazaar and hoped that it would be fully prosperous. (Applause). The MAYOR said he had been asked to perform a most pleasing duty, although he thought it might have been I placed in much abler hands. At the same time he felt I it a great honour to be allowed to propose a vote of Ithanks to the Hon. Misses Wilson-Patten for their i kindness in coming such a long distance to open the bazaar. Distance seemed to be no object with them, as long as they were doing something for the good old town of Warrington. (Applause). Their hearts were i constantly with good work n this town, and they would come down even to a humble place like Factory-yard to visit the poor. To-day they were helping forward another splendid object, and lie was very hopeful that the greater part of the .C 3,000 would be raised by the bazaar. If not, they must make another great effort and see that the institution was opened free from debt. They Were reminded by the presence of the Hon. Misses Wrliokfiltr of their late revered father, Lord Wintnar , for whom they all had a profound respect and aktrit tion. The Hon. Misses Wilson-Patten could not hetplforward a better work than a scheme which was: designed to lessen the sufferings of the sick poor. (Applause). Councillor BurtTON(ehairman of the Workingmen's Committee) seconded and said they all deeply appre- ciated the deep interest which the Hon. Misses Wilson

===== 0002601_19070622_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
THURSDAY'S PROCEEDS.

Thursday's takings were £ll4, the total for the two days being £1,094 7s. 10d. YESTERDAY'S PROCEEDINGS.

There was a great improvement in the weather yester- day, with the result that the attendance at tbe opening ceremony was large.

Mr. dEORGE DAKIN presided, and in asking Mr. William Long to open the bazaar, referred to the generous support which that gentleman had accorded to the institution. If the old saying" He gives twice who gives quickly" were true, then Mr. Long had given twice. He received N'fr. Long's cheque for £l,OOO some days before the meeting at the Town Hall at which the final arrangements for the extension were made. He was sorry they had not been altogether favoured in regard to the weather,but he thought the total takings. £1,094 were satisfactory. (Applause). Mr. LONG said he would pass over the personal element to which the Chairman had alluded. He had simply done what he considered to be his duty in striving to help forward the good work of the Infirmary in Warrington. (Hear, hear). It seemed to him that the growth of the town demanded a larger outlay upon that great philanthropic work—(hear, hear,)—and he was tired of seeing their surgeons and doctors in the , Infirmary waiting and waiting for something to be done. His feelings as he grew older were of increased respect for members of that noble profession. There were men in it who gave not only time but very often their lives to the work and that for a very miserable payment— compared with what commercial men would waet for the time given and the heart and soul with which they I threw themselves into the work. He was thankful to I see that Warrington and the surrounding districts had responded well to the call and hoped the result of the bazaar would be to ease their minds for at least 20 or 30 years, and that they would have no need for further fears for the funds of the institution. If that were so he was sure they would all feel amply repaid for any little sacrifices which they had made. (Hear, hear.) He congratulated them all upon what they had made the two previous days but they must not stop at that and must remember that there was still £l9OO to raise. (Applause.) He had much pleasure in declaring the bazaar open. (Applause.) The Rev. Canon WILLIS proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Long. Mr. Long's donation to the extension was one of she largest and was most generous and handsome even for a rich man.As St. Paul said to the Corinthians, Mr. Long had "provoked many others " to doing good works. He believed Mr. Long's gift was the humblest. Mr. Long was a rnodest,unassuming man and he thought the donation had been given out of gratitude to God for the blessings in business, and out of kind considera- tion for the poor who were unable to provide for them, selves when sick with the proper medical skill. (Applause.) The Rev. FATHER SWARBRECK seconded. It was only due to the managers of the Infirmary and of the fete that he should give the acknowledgments of the body to which he belonged of the good done by the Infirmary. However much they agreed to differ upon certain things they were all united in the common cause and endeavour to increase the usefulness of the institution. (Applause). The vote was heartily accorded. Mr. LONG in reply said that a great incentive to him to help in causes of that kind was that they could meet on common ground. There was neither party nor sect in the matter. He was sick and tired of politics and all the dissentions in so-lalled religions life. There they had no party or sect and they should endeavour to carry that spirit as far as they could into their daily lives. (Applause.) YESTERDAY'S PROCEEDS.

Yesterday's receipts were £5OO making a tota of .£1.504

THE ENTERTAINMENTS.

An admirable series of entertainments has been pro- vided, and visitors to the park will find plenty to interest and amuse them. The attractions are of an unusually high order and have been excellently patron- ized. Mrs. Ralph Johnson is ta be congratulated upon the splendid entertainments she has arranged. The programmes have been very pleasantly varied, including coon songs, pretty dances, and selections from " The Blue Moon' and "Miss Hook of Holland." The following artistes have taken part :—Mrs. Ralph Johnson, Misses Alice Daunt, Mabel Henshall, Shady Wellhead, Rose Wellhead, Mary Brnndritt, Vida Whittle, Ethel Scott (New Brighton), Monica Scott (New Brighton), Elsie Tunstall, Norah Tunstall, Lucy Skinner, Connie Hall, Dorothy Hall, Agatha Jones, Paulina Johnson, Mina Johnson, Mors. Garnett (Lowar Walton), Mr. Mainnore Harrison (sifflutr) ; accompanist, Miss Evelyn Young; banjo, Miss Mabel White ; violin, Miss Law. Great credit is due to all who have taken part, the entertainments having afforded much pleasure to large audiences. Another highly successful feature of the bazaar attractions has been the comedy in one act "Time is money" (by Mrs. Hugh Bell and Mr. Arthur Cecil), the characters being sus- tained by the following :—Charles Graham, Captain A. Wilbeighby-Osbterne ; Mrs. Murray,Mrs. J. A. Edelsten; Susam,Miss Sylvia Broadbent. This delightful little play has been presented with complete success,nnd all who visit the bazaar to-day should make a point of, witnessing it. Each day these have been putting competitions, croquet and tennis tournamentsamder the'superintendence of Mr. W.Peter Rylands and Mr. .1. Tinsley,and they have been entered into with great zest, Those desiring to have their palms "read ' have had opportunity of consulting Madame Ziska, gipsy palmist, Mr. Kennedy and Senora Gloriana. There has been no lack of excellent music, a local brass band being in attendance daily. On Wed- nesday Walker's Brewery Band occupied the stand and played capital selections under the conductorship of Mr. P. J. Brady. The Borough Band, conducted by Mr. Thomas Griffin, snbmitted an interest- ing programme on Thursday. Yesterday Messrs. Crosfield's band, fresh from their victories at Hereford, delighted large gatherings with a programme

including one of their principal contest pieces,Mr.G. F. Bedfortb conducting. Every evening there has been dancing on a specially prepared floor. To-day (Saturday) the Volunteer Band, conducted by Mr. J. T. Richardson,will be in attendanc6. There have been out-door amusements galore under the management of the Warrington Cycling Club. The steam roundabout, alpine railway, football kicker, and other attractions of the fair ground have done a roar- ing business. gr. Plinston supplied these amusements which have constituted one of the most popular features of the fete.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
Municipalization of the Drink Trade.

Sir,—Tt would appear by the letter of Mr. Stanley Lord in " the Voice of Labour " that the Labour ' Party or rather the Socialistic portion thereof, are the only "benefactors of mankind " who are prepared to deal (?) with the drink trade. His outspoken remarks with reference to the "temperance fanatics "are some- what appropriate. We do assume' we even assert, "that strong drink is an unmixed (and mixed) evil, alcohol an Invention of the Devil and the public- house an ante-room to Hades." This just falls in line with my own particular fanatical ideas. Will Mr. Lord kindly prove anything to the contrary? Whom shall we include in "most of the world's greatest men" who have indulged in "stimulants ? " and who the " sweetest singers who have sang in praise of Bacchus ?" I have no doubt they have done. There are those who will sing any kind of song if well paid and unfortunately there are those who can only sing to the acoompaniment of the pint mug rattle on a Saturday or Sunday night. Your correspondent states that" without a doubt the great nations of the earth are all heavy drinkers." This statement may perhaps in some degree be tree. But will he bring forward any- thine. to prove that the drink has, in any degree, con- tributed to the greatness of any nation? To do this he must have higher authority than Lord Roberts, Lord Charles Beresford, Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman and the present Government (Labour and Socialists included). Has Christian England contributed to the " greatness " of the heathen lands by the liquor trade consignments she is guilty of introducing to the natives ? Ask any of our Missionaries and their answer will be that England's " Bottled Gospel "is the greatest stumbling block in the path of progress and civilisation. I have no desire at this particular juncture to deal with the" wickedness" and "foolishness , ' of "moderation." The majority of drunkards' graves are filled by those who were once of the '• moderation Elect." After criticising prohibitive measures and admitting and deploring at the same time. the" evils of over-indulgeixes," Mr. Lord goes on to say "The only sensible reniedy so far propounded is the Socialist one of municipalization. Thee how strange, that when the Scottish Local Veto Bill came on for second reading in the House of Commons every Labour member present voted in its favour and not one of their gentle voices uttered a cry in the interests of the socialistic element of their con- stituency. I wonder if they feared a shower of " West Ham revelations "would damp their ardour at Westminster if they dared to " broach the subject " so dear to their hearts in January 1906. It also appears by the large majorities at numerous Trades Union meetings that the socialist proposal is a sad failure. Surely the Municipal enterprise expounded by Mr. Lord is a unique one. We shoulo have Beautiful Warrington all at once. The pnblic house would be the "working man's club," under his ideal imaginary condi- tion. "Very few establishments would be needed, one in every district would be sufficient 'with a. number of off-licence places for the supply of supper beer, etc." We may, of course, assume that the greed and avarice of the socialist would in no way disqualify him from becoming an "off-license " holder. Your correspondent has indeed painted a true picture of the scene as he says " there is no doubt it would be profitable," the Socialistic portion of the community undoubtedly " wou/d, benefit." But before he endeavours to "enlarge upon this idea "will be good enough to prove how it would, under these imaginary conditions, "be impos3ible to get drunk." The reason why Mr. Lord asks will , the 1.0.G.T. join the fray ? "I presume arises from the fact that we are among his strongest opponents on the question of municipalization. In con- clusion may I respectfully inform my friends of the Independent Labour Party that I and the organization am proud to be a member of will never become con- taminated with the enemy we have pledged ourselves to oppose. Had he not have brought in the 1.0.G.T. I should have ignored his contribution, which I feel sure will have in the eyes of your readers, done nothing to injure the temperance cause, and less to advance the Socialistic scheme owing to the glaring spirit of greed and avarice which lies at the foundation of such a rabid proposal. There ars now such a number of " cures ' ? belauded for this gigantic evil that the public are at a loss to know which is the "genuine article." My advice te your readers is do not be led away with the high-sounding phrases of Municipalize- tion,Disinterested Management or Public House Trusts, but stick to the old "tried and true "path of personal influence and Prohibition for the people by the people— the principle adopted by your forefathers. It is most gratifying to see the growth of temperance sentiment and I hope the day is not far distant when the Christian Church will arise from her lethargy and speak out with , no ungertain voice in favour of England's freedom ; from the slavery of drinlidom. Yours &c., J. R. GRIFFITHS, Moore, June 19th, 1907.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OFFICIALS.

The arrangements for the bazaar had involved the sacrifice of no little time and attention, and it was gratifying that such an army of workers rendered valu- able service. Special praise is due to the ladies who were quite inde'atigable in their efforts. Mrs. Pickmere as hon. vice-president took an active interest in the undertaking, and Mrs. Henry Greenall, acting president, rendered invaluable service. Miss Litton discharged the secretarial duties most ably. The efforts of the ladies were supplemented by a gentlemen's committee who did excellent work. The following is a complete list of the officials : Chairman of General Committee, Mr.W. Peter Rylands J.P.„ Dingle Bank, Lymm ; hon. treasurer, Mr. J.A. McGregor, Polefleld, Stockton Heath; hon. secretary, Mr. J. H. J. Hampson, the Infirmary; Ladies' Executive Committee, president, Mrs. Henry Greenall, Hill Cliffe, hon. secretary. Miss L. Litton, Uplands, Moore. LADIES' EXECUTIVE COMMTTTE2I.—Mrs. Henry Greenall. president; Miss L. Litton, hon. secretary; the Mayoress of Warrington, Mrs. Blair, Mrs. Broad- bent, Mrs. Coxon, 'Mrs. Vero B. Davies, Mrs. Eddowes, Mrs. Frost, Mrs. Lyon, Mrs. Rylands, Mrs. John White.

ADVERTISING AND PRINTING COMMITTEE.—Messrs. James H. Smethurst, chairman; Louis A. Voisey, C.A. hon. secretary; Alderman A. Bennett, IP., J. E. Birtles, E. J. Hall, Louis Henshall, Dr. Alexander, T. J. Lee, Oswald Lofthouse, J. Longland, W. T•iclntyre, W. Richardson, J.P., H. Gordon Roberts, Alfred Taylor, H. J. Westbrook; Ticket Distribution Secretary, Mr. H. Gordon Roberts. ART UNION DRAWING COMMITTEE..Messrs. W. E. Atkin, J. E. Birtles, E. J. Hall, Dr. Alexander Hodgkin. eon, T. J. Lee, Oswald Loftlionse, 11. Gordon Roberts, 3. H. Smethurst, L. A. Voisey, C.A. ENTERTAINMENTS COMMITTEE.—Mr. Sydney Wall. head, chairman; Dr. Harold Joseph. bon. secretary ; Mrs. Edelsten, Mrs. Ralph Johnson. Messrs. W .E. Atkin, F. Fieldhouse, H. W. Guest, C. G. Hutchings, J. T. Picton, G. H. Smith, Hadley H. Taylor, G. Williamson. FINANCE COMMITTEE.—Mr. W. Peter Rylands, chair- man ; Mr. J. A. McGregor, hon. treasurer; Mr. J. H. Clarke, Mr. George Dakin, Mr. J. Fulton-Smith. Assist- ing Hon. Treasurer: Mr. 3. L. Kennedy.

GROUNDS COM MITTE E.— Messrs. William Richardson, J.P., chairman; H. J. Westbrook, hon. sec.; Thomas Baiter, C.C., H. Chambers, L. G. Davies,Louis Henshall, Ralph Johnson, A. Lister-Kaye. Segar Owen F.R.1.8.A. Our-Do OR AM US EM ENTS CO IVI ITTEE.2aeSSTS. F. Fieldhouse, chairman; G. H. Smith, hon. see; W. H. Bellian, A. Booth, Dr. Bower, J. L. Davenport, Sergt.- Major Delmage, James Houghton, jun., E. Pickavance, William Taylor. _

TRANSPORT AND CLOAK Room COMMITTEE.—Lt.-Col. Buckton, V.D., Chairman ; Messrs. R. H. Lapage, hon. Secretary; T. M. Broadbent, V. Dakin, W. Forshaw, James Richardson jun., Win. Richardson jun., J. S. Shotton, M. Woods. STEWARDS.—Major F. M. Appleton, Mr. Ziba Armitage' J.P.. Mr. A. S. Bleakly, Mr. J. W. Boumphrey, Dr. Ernest E. Bowden, Dr. Bower, Lieut.-Col. J. D. Buckton, V.D., Mr. John Coxon, Captain G. R. Crosfleld, Mr. C• Shepherd-Cross, Mr. George Dakin, Mr. Vere B. Davies Mr. H. Percy Densham, Mr. A. Earwaker, Lieut.-Col:J. A. Edelsten, Mr. John Fair- dough, J.P., Major J. D. Fairclongh, Mr. Henry H. Field, Mr. William Fletcher, Mr. W. J. Forshaw, Dr. E, A. Fox, J.P., Dr. E. J. Fox, Mr. F. Aylmer Frost, J.P., Mr. Cyril P. Gough, Mr. Henry Oreenall, Mr. T. E. Milligan Grundy, Mr. T. A. Hampson, Mr. Herbert Hatton, Mr. C. Jackson Holmes, J.P., Mr. W. N. Hutchings, J.P., Mr. W. Piers Jones, Dr. G. W. Joseph, Mr. H. B. Melville, Mr. Walter Milner, Mr. Frederick Monks, J.P., Mr. F. W. Monks, J.P., Mr. H. Percy Mortimer, J.P., Mr. Roger C. Parr, D.L., J.P., Mr. .1. E.Ransome, Mr. T. Ridgway,Colonel J.C. Ridgway,V.D., Mr. E. Ridgway, Mr. Henry Roberts, J.P., Dr. Reginald Smith, Major C. J. Steavenson, Mr. Frank Tinsley, Mr. Alfred Watkin, J.P., Mr. E. Watkin,Mr. Charles White, J.P., Mr. John White, J.P., Mr. R. W. Wilde, Mr. C. Williamson, Mr. Edwin Woods, Mr. R. I. Wynne-Jones. EDITORIAL Commrrrxx.—Alderman Arthur Bennett, J.P., F.C.A., Mr E. James Hall, F.C.1.5., Mr. Alexander Hodgkinson, M. 8., Ch. 8.., M.Sc.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
HISTORY OF THE INSTITUTION.

The following history of the institution, taken from the bazaar handbook, will doubtless be read with interest: At a meeting held on the 15th of January, 1810, nearly a century ago, presided over by Mr. John Blackburn, M.P., it was resolved" Mat a Dispensary for the relief of the sick poor in this town and neighbourhood should, if possible, be established," and a committee was appointed to carr3r. the object into effect. On the list of the members of this committee are to be found names which are still represented in the town's front ranks by the descendants of the leaders of 1810—Blackburne, Crosfield, Greenall, Litton, Lyon, Parr, Patten, Pickmere, and Rylands. The Dis- pensary was opened for the admission of patients on the 12th of April, 1810, in a building in Market-street rented by the committee. The first officials were Mr. John Blackburn, M.P., president; Mr. Peter Patten, M.P., vice-president; Mr. G. Crosfield, treasurer; and Mr. Glazebrook, secretary; whilst Dr. Kendrick and Dr. Turner were appointed physicians to the institution. In 1819 the erection of the first Dispensary was com- pleted on a site near the present Roman Catholic Church (St. Mary's) in Buttermarket-street, and here the great and noble work was continued for many years.l In 1840 the committee erected an isolation hospital in Orford-street, which was called the "[louse of Recovery," but all this time the town was without any infirmary accommodation for the treatment of accidents. In 1870 Mr. Thomas Parr bequeathed £l,OOO towards the erection of an infirmary, and in 1871 Mr. James Hatton gave £5,000, followed by a further £5,000 in 1873, towards the same object. In the last-named year the Town Council made a free grant of a plot of land in Bank Park, on which the present Infirmary and Dis- pensary Building was erected. The original building, erected in 1876, cost 43,000, and provided accommoda- tion for 23 beds. In 1890, this accommodation was increased to 40 beds, together with a new dispensary and operating theatre, at a further cost of £5,500. Meantime the population of the town and neighbourhood continued to grow rapidly, and last year it was announced that, in the opinion of the Board of Management, "an immediate and substantial extension of the accommodation was a matter of urgent necessity," and plans were adopted whereby the accommodation of the Infirmary will be increased to a total of 100 beds, at an estimated cost of £15,000. The appeal for the necessary funds to carry out this large and important extension met with a ready and splendid response from all classes of the com- munity, and it is hoped that the result of the present Bazaar and Fete may go far towards providing, the balance of £3,000 which is still required. The need is recognised by all. Whilst 1886 saw 20 operations, with 162 in-patients altogether, in 1906 there were 607 in-patients and 307 operations. The new home-patients treated during 1906 numbered 1,411, and 3,652 new out-patients were treated at the Dispensary. The accidents and emergencies treated in the accident room numbered 3,769. The total number of cases treated in the Dispensary last year was 8,862. The sphere served by the Institution • extends to ten miles from Warrington, so that town and country alike are under obligation to contribute to it. Its moumful history of accident and disease, illumined by the bright story of cure and recovery, albeit shadowed ever and anon by the gloom of death, is spread before our eyes. The pitiful appeal of the sick and the broken goes to our hearts. Lot us see to it that nothing hinders the work of our blessed" House of Recovery."

===== 0002601_19070622_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MARRIED STATE. Extraordinary Allegations Against a Warrington Man.

At Warrington Police Court, yesterday, Bober Williams, 42, Cartwright-street. was charged with pert sistent cruelty to his wife, Ann Williams, 52, Baxter- street, who asked for a separation. Mr. Browne, for the complainant, stated that the parties were married at St. Paul's Church. Warrington, on August 3rd, 1884. Defendant was a roller at Monks's tube works and when in regular employment he could earn 525. per week. Lately, however2his standing wages , were 355. Te cruelty commenced six months after the marriage. Eight years ago defendant stabbed his wife on the right 4ido of the face with a table knife, and the mark was still to be seen. He had given her black eyes,and on one occasion when there were friends in the honse he brought in a shovelful of slack and, instead of putting it on the fire, as they all thought he was going to do, be poured it over complainant's head. He had also run her out of the house, and the son would say that defendant waited for her behind the door with a shovelful of red-hot cinders. Those, said Mr. Browne, were only a few of the details. Mr. Steel, for the defendant, asked that an order should be made without going into the 'details. 'rho bench thereupon granted a separation order, carrying 15s. per week, complainant to have the custody of the four children, whose ages range from 18 to 9 years.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
MINISTER'S CRYP rlc POSTER.

The Rev. J. 0. Stalberg, minister of the Bunyan Baptist Church, Kingston-on-Thames, has issued a remarkable pictorial poster announcing a midsummer morning service next Sunday. The only clue forth- coming as to the rev, gentleman's address is in a num- ber of marks of interrogation to be seen amidst the rays of what is apparently a limelight lantern. The ministe has designed and issued the poster to give the memberr of his flock the opportunity of exercising their menta. powers in order to explain this pictorial conundrura.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDINGS. • Houghton—Collin. There was a large congregation at St. Paul's Church on Thursday to witness the marriage of Mr. Harold Beswick Houghton, son of Mr. James Houghton, Warrington, and Miss Mary Collin daughter of the late Mr. Robert Wo)d Collin, builder, Warringtos. The officiating clergy were the Revs. W. Bracecamp and E. E. Peters. The bride was prettily attired in a dress of silk chiffon taffeta, trimmed with tucked chiffon and old Honiton point lace, with a leghorn hat trimmed with silk merveilleux ribbon. She carried a shower bouquet of roses and white heather. The. bridesmaid, Miss Frances Parkinson, niece of the bride, wore a dress of white muslin and hat to match, trimmed with roses, and carried a bouquet of sweet peas. Mr. James Houghton, jun., brother of the bridegroom, discharged the duties of best man. Mr. W. H. Payton, Mus. Bac., was at the organ and con- tributed several wedding marches, whilst the hymns "The voice that breathed o'er Eden" and "0 perfect love" were sung. The reception was held at Oak Bank, Grappenhall-road, Stockton Heath,the residence of the bride, after which the newly-married couple left for North Wales for the honeymoon,the bride travelling in a blue serge tailor-made costume with hat to match. Amongst the many presents received were a silver rose bowl, vase, cream jug and sugar basin from the members of the Junior Conservative Association, with which Mr. Houghton is actively identified. Broomfield—Evans. There was a pretty wedding at St. Barnabas' Church on Thursday afternoon, the contracting parties being Miss Edith Annie Evans, eldest daughter of Mr. T. Evans, Folly-lane, organist of the Church, and Mr. Harry Broomfield,a member of the choir,and eldeat son of Mr. Richard Broomfield, Prieetley-stroot Conaider- able interest was taken in the event and a large con- gregation assembled. The Vicar (Rev. J. H. G.- Hollingworth) officiated. The bride, who was given away by her father, was charmingly attired in crepe-de-chine, trimmed with silk and lace, and crinoline hat trimmed with orange blossom and jesamine. She carried a lovely bouquet of orange blossom and roses. She was attended by four bridesmaids Misses Elsie A., Cissie and Eva Evan (sisters of the bride), and Maggie Broomfield (sister of the bridegroom) who were very tastefully attired and carried beautiful bouquets. Mr. E. Iddon acted as best man. Mr. T. Reeves presided at the organ and played festal selections, including Ifendelssohn's " Wedding March." The reception was held at the house of the bride's father, a large number of guests attending. The happy couple were the recipients of manylhandsome presents.

Collinson —Garter. An interesting wedding took place at Five Crosses Chapel, Overton' Frodaham, on Thursday, the con- tracting parties being Mr. James Collinson, son of Mr. Thomas Antwis Collinson, and Miss Elsie Carter, daughter of Mr. Thomas B. Carter, Eversley,Frodsham. The proceedings attracted much attention and there was a large attendance at the Chapel. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. R. Bevan Shepherd. The bride wore a beautiful dress of ivory satin duchesse, cut in semi-empire style, trimmed with ivory mechlin lace, and mousselin-de-soie, and an embroidered tulle veil, with a wreath of orange blossom and white heather. She was attended by three bridesmaids, Miss Carter, Miss Mabel Collinson, and Miss Doris Carter, whose dresses were of turquoise blue chiffon taffetta, with fine lace and motifs of embroidered silk muslin, and who also wore white crinoline hats trimmed with pink roses and blue tulle. Mrs. Carter wore a becoming dress of black chiffon taffetta, trimmed with black silk lace and interlacing over ivory embroidered net. The bride carried a shower bouquet of white roses, orchids and lilies and she wore a gold and turquoise chain, the gift of the bridegroom. The bridesmaid's bouquets were of la France roses and their ornaments matrix and pearl necklets, gifts of the bridegroom. The best man was Mr. Leonard Collinson, brother of the bridegroom. After the reception Mr. and Mrs. Collinson left for the South of England for the honeymoon, the bride travelling in a dress of pastel blue cloth trimmed with creme guipure and pame velvet. Many beautiful and valuable presents were received. Davenport—Howard. The marriage of Mr. William Thomas Davenport, son of Mr. C. W. Davenport, builder and contractor, Stockton Heath, and Miss Emily Howard, daughter of Mr. F. Howard, Grappenhall-road, Stockton Heaths was solemnized at St. Thomas' Church, Stockton Heath, on Thursday. Both parties are well known in the district and much interest was aroused by the wedding, there being a large attendance at the Church to witness the ceremony which was performed by the Rev. J. Collins, assisted by the Rev. H. A. Lester- The bride, who was given away by her father, looked charming in a dress of ivory chiffon taffeta, trimmed with Spanish lace, and white crinoline hat, trimmed with Spanish lace scarf and ostrich feather. She carried a beautiful bouquet of white roses and lilies of the valley and wore a gold keeper ring, the gifts of the bridegroom. The bridesmaids were Miss Jessie Howard,sister of the bride and Miss Mail Davenport, sister of the bridegroom, and they were attired in dresses of pale grey silk, trimmed with white lace. They also wore white crinoline hate and carried bouquets of pink roses and carnations. Their orna- ments were gold lockets and chains, the gifts of the bridegro,m. Mr. Harry Davenport, brother of the bride7room, acted as best man, Mr. Robert Shack" lady, jun., was at the organ and contributed several appropriate selections. The reception and wedding breakfast were held at the Hall Cafe after which the happy couple left for North Wales, for the honeymoon. The bride travelled in a dress of brown cloth trimmed with silk braid and velvet and a pink hat trimmed with shaded roses. Many beautiful and valuable presents were received. Jacks° n --Evans. An interesting and pretty wedding took place at Runcorn, on Thursday the contracting parties being Mr. John Jackson, The Poplars, Padgate, son of the late Mr. William Jackson, Moore, and Miss Elliza Jane (Jennie) Evans, daughter of Mr. James Evans, Stoneclough, Runcorn. The ceremony was performed at St. Paul's Wesleyan Church, Runcorn, and was witnessed by a large congregation. The officiating ministers were the Revs. G. E. Cheeseman, Huyton, T. Galland Hartley (chairman of the Liver- pool District) and W. Mellor, Padgate. The bride, who was given away by her father, was becom- ingly attire,' in a gown of ivory chiffon taffetta and lace, with a veil of Brussels net, surmounted by a wreath of orange blossom. She carried a shower bouquet of white roses, stephanotis and lilies of the valley, and wore a diamond and sapphire ring, the gift of the bridegroom. Thc bridesmaids, Miss May Gandy, Enfield Hall, Padgate and Miss Dora Swinden, St. Margaret's, Twickenham, wore• dresses of white muslin and lace, with blue sashes, and white crinoline bats, trimmed with pink roses. Their bouquets were of pink roses tied with blue ribbons. Mr. Charles Richardson, Sandbach, was the best man- Mr. Reginald Johnson presided at the organ and gave several selections of appropriate music. The recep: tion was held at Stoneclough, Runcorn, after whice: the happy couple left for Edinburgh and a circular Veil: of the Highlands for the honeymoon. The bride's travelling dress was of blue cloth and she also wore a tu.can hat trimmed with roses and black velvet. Amongst the many valuable presents received were the following : , Father of Bride, cheque and mshogany bedstead Mother of Bride, household linen, &c. Bride to Bridegroom, oak timepiece with chimes , Bridegroom to Bridesmaids, pearl peridot pendant, and chains , Employ4s of Edwin Richardson and Son, Ltd., silver rose bowl Officers and Teachers, Padeate Wesleyan Sunda:7 school and Members of the Wesley Guilds, aneroid barometer in mahogany case Staff of Manchester Ship Canal Co., IL Department, Runcorn, brass standard lamp

HIGH COTTON TRADE WAGES. On Thursday the operatives in the Lancashire cottott spinning trade received the benefit of the 5 per cert• increase sanctioned a fornight ago, and they are now receipt of higher wages than have ever been known in the history of the trade.

Marriage. HOUGHTON—COLLIN-20th June, at St. Paul's Church, Warrington, by the Rev. NV. Bracecamp, assisted bl the Rev. E. E. Peters, M.A., Harold Beswick, second son of James Houghton to Mary, youngest daughter of the late Robert Wood Collin.

- _ Warrington.—Printed and published by JOAN WALOP' eiG CO., at The Examiner General Printing Work* Bewsey-street, and published by them at the sanised place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria.ro WIDNES: 32, George-street, ST. LIF.LEss: 3, Market' treet, EARLESTOWN; Church-street RIINCOIII6 111 EZad.l9o7.

===== 0002601_19070622_art0144.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• _ .

===== 0002601_19070622_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
__.,.....• jikiiiiik,.._ _ , .1,,,,

===== 0002601_19070622_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (BUNDAY), JUNE 23RD, 1907. PBEACHER : RSV. L YONGH. 10.30 AND 6.30. USUAL OFFERTORIBS.

BOLP STREET WEsLEYAN CHURCH. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JUNE 23RD, 1907. Morning 10 30. Evening 6.30. MR. 3. CHAMPNESS, (Southport.) All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

BEw S E Y ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH. wARRINGTON. ON SUNDAY NEXT, TUNE 23RD, 1907. Morning 10 30: 'Evening 6 30: MR. T. WHEATLEY. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

BAPT I.s T CHURC H. LATCHFORD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JUNE 233 n. 1907. PREACHER JORN FRANCIS MATTHEWS. MoeNrso 10.30 : " A men with one theme." EVENING 6.0 : "The public ministry of women." OFFiIfiIORII3I9.

BAPTIST CHURCH. COLBORNE STREET. TOMORROW 4SI7EDAy) JUNS 23RD. PBX LOHIEN : MORNING 10.45. MR. E. WYNNIII JONE 4. EVENING 6.30 COUNCILLOR JAMES BALL. Hymn Books nrovidei. EvervlNAV welgome• Wednesday Evening Service 8.15.

NEW BRIGFITON.—SCHPOL TREATS AND PARTIES CATERED FOR BY HEMINGWAY, BAKER, VICTORIA ROAD. Rooms And Utensils on hire; accommodation about 400 opposite Tower Entrance. Egerton et.. New Brighton.

_ VONCERTINA BAND.—WiII the Old Membere kJ please meet Mr. ASTLEY. of Oldham, at The WAGGON AND HORSES Hotel, linttermarket Street, on TUESDAY NEXT. at 8 sharp. rrHE BANKS IN WARRINGTON will CLOSE -IL on WALKING DAY, FRIDAY NEXT, 28th JUNE, at 11 o'clock as usual.

THE BANKS IN LYMM will OPEN on WALKING DAY, FRIDAY NEXT, 28th JUNE, at 9.30, and CLOSE at 10.45.

W RITE CITY, OLD TRAFFORD MANCHRSTIM. A CITY OF PLRASURg. OPEN DAILY FROM 12.30 TO 11.0 P.M. To HOURS CONTINUOUS AMUSEMENT TT-TE FININT BANDS IN THE WORLD. BALL ROOM. SKATING RINK. BRILLIANT ILLUvIINATIONS. RIDING DEVICES AND HUMOROUS ATTRACTIONS. ADMISSION SIXPENCE.

CR 0 SF EL D'S RECREATION CLUB, Eau ANNUAL ATHLETIC SPORTS ON THE WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB GROUND, SATURDAY JUNE 22ND. PRIZES To THE VALUE oF £5O. CROBFIRLD'S BAND. Anmr.smon : Enclortre 9d., Ground 6d., Bove 3d., Stands Bxtrft.

WARRINGTON CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S 800IBTY. MEETING ix Txx CO-OPIIRATIVE HALL, SANKRY STREET, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JUNE 23an. SPEAKIIRS : W. MADDEN. if SQ., POUNCILLOR T. J.P. (Vice-president of the 0 Y.M.S. of Great Britain), and local gentlemen. Chair to be taken at 8 o'cl-ek by COUNCILLOR OWIIN TOOLB. ADMIBRION FREE.

W ARRINGTON Sc DIRTRICT AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY. PRESIDENT: SIR GILBERT GRBENALL, BART. VICE-PRESIDENT : COLONEL LBGH. 18th ANNUAL SHOW TO DE HELD IN WALTON PARK, ffssii WARRINGTON. ON THURSIAY, 15m AUGUST, 1907. PRIZES, CUPS AND MEDALS value £7OO. JUMPERS, TURNOUTS, SHIRES. HUNTERS. CATTLE, U., to. Prize List, An., may be obtained from the Secretary, H. ELMSFORD MELVILLE,

WIRRAL AND BIRKENHEAD SHOW, (ritr.siDHNT: ALFRBD H. RBAD, BEN.) AT BEBINGTON, 10TH AND 11TH JULY. Entries" for I Machinery, Implements, Pigs, Sheep. Cattle, Horses, Turnouts, Cheese, Butter and IFCggs. CL( )SF 26' INST. Channion Prize, No. 21, bhoul i read :—FOr the best Shire Filly (Foal. Yearling or two year old) District Competition; other conditions as per Schedule. ARTHUR H. BD wARDSON, Secretary, 6, Hamilton square, Birkenhead.

CHESHIRE LINES. WAR TrINGTON WATAINCI DAY.— PROGRAMME OF (IHRELP EXCURSIONS FROM WARRINGTON (CENTRAL) TO SOUTHPORT, LIVERPOOL. MA NC HESTER, EAST HAM, NEW BRIGHTON, lirnHTH WALES COAST. ISLE OF MAN, AND IRELAND. Can be obtained at the Station free of charge. Central Station, Liverpool. JAMES PINION, June, 1907. Manager.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF 'WARRINGTON. PROCESSION OF SUNDAY SCHOLARS on FRIDAY, 28zu JUNR, 1907. By virtue of the powers given in that behalf by the Towns Police Clauses Act. 1847, and by order of the Town Connell, I DO HEREBY GIVE NOTICE tbat in order to prevent aeadents on the above occasion no CART. CARRIAGE, TIIMICAR, MOTOR CAR. LURRY. or other VEHICLE (excepting Vehicles taking part in the Procession and Mail Carts), and no HORSE or other animal will be allowed to remain in or travel along or over any of the undermentioned 'streets between the hours of 9 a.m. and n-3c) p.m., viz. : Arpley Street Horsemarket Street Bewsey Street Toeth Street Bold Street Mersey Street Bridge Street Parker Street Buttermarket Street Rolleston Street Cairo Street Sankey Street Church Street So Aland ltond Colborne Street Wilson Patten Streq Winmarleigh Street. BICYCLES and TRIOYOLES are included in the ter m 41 Vehicle," and must not he RIDDEN through any of the above-named streets during the hours specified. Any person wilfully acting in contravention of the above Order will be liable to a PENALTY not exceeding 40s. Dated this 4th day of June, 1907, JANUS SMETHURST, Town Hall, MAYOR. Warrington. rf.B.—The above Order shall cease to apply to any of the above-named streets as saon as the Procession in its proper Order ham passed along any such streets.

CHESFIIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. VIRINTING REGISTERS OF 70TERB.—Personi desirous of TENDERING for the PRINTING and 15INDING. Sin. of the REGISTERS of PARLIA- MENTARY. COUNTY and PAROCHIAL ELECTORS for the County of Chester, may obtain particulars, °Pt:reifications, and conditions at the Office of the Cleik to the Council, Northg ate-streo, Chester. FEGINALD POTTS, Clerk to the Council. Chester, 20rh June. 1907.

1 IVERPOOL & NORTH (ALES REGULAR -4 DAILY SAILINGS From Prince's Stage (weather Fic., Permitting). Rvery Day. at 10.45 a.m. by La MARGURRTTR fur other steamer) for LLANDUDNO, BEAUMARIS, BANGOR and MENAI BRIDGE. due back 7.30 p.m. BXTRA SAILING& WEBR-BND TRIP, SATURDAYS, " Snowdon, " at 2.15 la m., returning early following Monday, due Liverpool at 10.15 a.m. ANGLESEY TRIPS, 9.15 a.m. SUNDAY. 30th and MONDAY let July. Through Bookings from Principal Stations. For Fares. &c.. apply tverpool and North Wales Steamship Co.. 'T. G. Brew, vee, 40. Chapel-strett, Liverpool. Tel. 636'i. Official Guide. Post free 3d

FOR ARTIFICIAL TEETa AND THEIR ACCOMPANYING PROCESSES CONSULT W. J. BARNES, 54, LEGH STREET, WARRINGTON.

NOW IS THB TIME TO INSURE. C. JACKSON HOLMES, INSURANCE EXPERT, • MARKET-GATE, WARRINGTON. Special Rates quoted for Workmen's Compensation. Servants' Insuran3B. Personal Accident Insurance. Surveys made for Fire Insurance Free of Charge. Rates quoted from all the leading offices. Life Assurance Policies arranged on advantageous terms. Telephone 382 x.

TO PROPERTY OWNERS AND OTHERS. WILLIAM HARTILL, PAINTER, PAPERHANGER & DECORATOR, 177, LONGFORD STREET, (OFT ORFORD LANE), WARRINGTON, REASONABLE CHARGES. DISTANCE NO OBJECT.

rrHE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON IS .1. PRUPARBD to REOEIVii LOANS, either at six months notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the Boxourou TREABUREII, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

BIRKBECX. BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN, W.O. 21 PRR CENT. INTEREST aliowed on Deposit Accounts. 2 PHR CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Accounts with Cheque Book. All General Banking Business Transacted. ALMANACR, wiTH FULL PARTICULARS, POST FREE. C. F. RAVENtsCROFT, SPCIDZTARY

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTB 1 TAILS OP ) Pnom HAIR PRANERS, PURRS/6 FROM 3/6 EA.cm. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LIMB ST (OAR STATION). LIVIIRPOOL.

TWO GOOD PIANOS FON. SAM One by Hilton and Hilton. now in use at the Parr Hall. One by Wm. Same.. Ltd.. now in use at Bold Street School. APPLY WADSWORTH'S, 69. SANKEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

() STAIN YOUR SIALE NURSES FROM HE OLDEST ESTABLISHED NURSES' INSTITUTION II TEM NORTH OF ONI3LAND. HOPE HOUST.,, FIOP4 ST., LIVERPOOL. Telephone: 2570 Royal. Telegrams : " Nurses," Liverpool. PRIVATE HOSPITAL FOR GENTLHAIIiIIi.

RIDER AGENTS WANTED. SAMPLE FREE. WORLD'S IZELIANCE BEST CYCLES COMPLETE WITH ALL ACCESSORIES. EASY TERMS 29. WEEKLY. GUARANTEED TEN YEARS. CATALOGUES FREE. RELIANCE WORLD'S CYCLE MAKERS, 29 AND 31 MA.NCHESTEE ST., LIVERPOOL. Established 1881.

TO BANDSMEN & OTHERS. NOW IS THE TIME TO SEND YOUR REPAIRS TO R. J. WARD & SONS, io, ST. ANNE ST., LIVERPOOL, MANUFACTURERS OF MILITARY & BRASS BAND INSTRUMENTS, FIFES AND DRUMS. BUGLES, CONCERTINAS. ACCORDEONS, &c. REPAIRS (by experenced workmen) A SPECIALITY. Moderate charges. Returned quickly. Band stands is. 9d. Estimates free. Don't delay but send on at once to 10 ST. ANNE ST., LIVERPOOL.

GRAMOPHONE AND ZONOPHONE JUNE RECORDS, in Stock. Don't miss the set of Wm. Tell, Dawn. Storm, Calm, and Victory. These are musical gems. New songs by adward Lloyd, also Cello Solo, Sm. Thomas Edison, Sterling, Ed. Bell,and White. June Records in stock. Don't ruin your records with needles playing (?) more than once. JAKE GRAHAM'S, 76, RENSHAW STREET. AND 271, PARK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Tel. 66X Royal.

PIERPOINT AND CO., PRIZE MEDAL BAKERY, 125, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. BEST HOUSEHOLD BREAD. SPECIAL VALUE IN FLOUR. SELF-RAISING FLOUR. HARD TO BRAT.

COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER. NTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next 111 GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, in and for the said County on MONDAY, the Ist day of July, 1907, at Half-past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Petty Sessional Divisions of Broxton, Chester Castle, Dares- bury, Eddisbury, Nantwich, Runcorn, Winsford, and Wirral, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last-mentioned Divisions, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the Opening of the Court on MONDAY, the Ist of July, 1907, at Half- past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE COURT will be adjourned to the COURT HOUSE, KNUTSFORD, on WEDNESDAY, the 3rd day of July, 1907, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Petty Sessional Divisions of Altrincham, Bucklow, Dukinfield„ Middlewich, Sandbach, Congleton, Northwich, Prost- bury, and Stockport, forming the Knutsford District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from such Divisions will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knutsford District must be in attendance at the Court House, Knutsford, at the Opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY, the 3rd day of July next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, 12th June, 1907.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THB BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 1.0 D., AND is. BD., ZACH WHOLESALE% BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD:, WARRINGTON. BSTABLISHED 1833.

SMOKE sUDLOW'S " OLD BOY'S," TOBACOO. COOL,..AND LASTING. 6D. PER OUNCE 18. 7D. PER LB. TIN; 68. PER LB. T. UDLOW & e 0„ WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15, WINWICK ST., & 65, BUTTERMARKET ST, TELEPHONE 414 Y. WARRINGTON.

IVIAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE AC E OF PERFECTION. SHEIPPIEL MARE, WARRANTED, POST FREE Zs. 6d.1 be., 4s. :6D., AND ss. 6D J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANEVILIVERPOOL. Made Anal Ground By "Mulish Labour.

COUNTY BOROUGH 0 ARRINGI ON . ELECTRICITY DEPARTMENT. The ELECTRICITY and TRAM WAYS COMMITTEE of the County Borough of Warrington are prepared to receive TENDERS for the Erection of Buildings for Boiler Plant Extension. Bills of Quantities and Forms of Tender may be obtained from the undersigned, and Drawings may be seen at the Office, Howley, Warrington, on payment of One Eluinea, which will be returned on receipt of a hone-fide tender. Pive shillings will be charged for extra copies. Tenders, addressed to the Chairman of the Electricity and Tramways Committee, Town Hall, must be sealed with wax and endorsed" Tender for Buildings," and delivered not later than 12 o'clock noon on Tuesday, 16th July, 1907. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be avepted. F. V. L. MATHIAS, Howley, Borough Electrical and Warrington. Tramways Engineer.

LEFT-OFF CLOTHING, &c., BOUGHT.—BEST PRICE for parcels forwarded; if not approved Goods Returned, CARR: AG EP AID. Second-hand DRESS SUITS, MILITARY, THEATRICAL, BAND UNIFORMS. LIVERIES, ARMY TENTS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MISFLT SUITS at THIRD COST PRICE. LADIES' EVENING DRESSES. COSTUMES, BLOUSES. GENT'S FUR-LINED and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTEAUS, /to., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY TROUSERS,SHIRTS.BLUCHERS,WELLINGTONS. CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLICE CAPES, GORMAN'S, 326, 328, and 340, Deansgate, Manchester. Established 50 Years. Telephone No. 4138.

BSTABLISHIMI 1876. FAMOUS 'R & P 1907 CYCLE. FROM £6 To £l5/15/-.

COUNTY BOROUGEt OF WARRtNGTON. TO QUARRY OWNERS. The Paving and Sewerage o.)mmittee of the Council of the County Borough of Warrington is prepared to receive.' TENDERS for 3,000 tons of GRANITE or SYRNITH CUBE SETTS. Specifications. and all further information. may bs obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor. Town Had, on and after Tuesday next, the 25th inst., at which place tenders must be delivered on or before 12 o'clock, on Monday, the lit day of July The lowest or any tender not necessarily acCep•ed. THOS. LONGDIN, Borough Engineer and Surveyor. Borough Bngineer and Surveyor's Office, June 21st, 1907.

COUNTY BUROUGII OF WARRINGTON.— TO PAINTERS. The Finance and Estate and Health Committee of the Council of the County Borough of Warrington are prepared to receive THNDBBS for OUTSIDE P.A.INTI3a of several Corporation Properties. Specifications and all further information may be obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor. Town Hall, on and after Wednesday next, the 26th inst., at which place tenders must be delivered on or before 12 o'clock on Monday. the Bth day of July. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. THisS. LONGDIR, Borough Engineer and Surveyor. Borough Engineer and Surveyor's Office. June 21st, 1907.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUSANDS OP LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALN: PILLS, HAVE R&D A WORLD-NV/DR REPUTATION AS A BOON TO WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anzernia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite,Hysteria,Palpitation of the Heart. Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments, Boxes 90. Is. 2s. 9d.45. 6d. and 111. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPATION CURE. A positive Specific for Piles and Constipation, and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- p'aint. Bottles 2/9, 4/6. 11/-, by post 3d. extra, 309 PoRTOBELLO-Holn, ROTTING HILL, LONDON, W. (Only Vidreeto.

N GLANDa' SAILINGS TO GREENOCK Li AND GLASGOW. "PRINCESS LOUISE " OR OTHER STEAMER. From LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW (Clarence Dock.) (13, rtlis No. 22-28, North Side) Tues. June 25th 8 p.m. S.A. June 22nd 2 p.m. *6.10 p.m. Sat. June 29th 1 p.m. Thurs. June 27th 2 p.m.*4.35 p.m. Thurs. July 4th 6 p.m. Tues. July 2nd 2 p.m. *4.30 p.m. *Train from Glasiow (Central) to Greenock (Central). Special reduced through tirkets from Warrington, Widnes &c. Single, let Class and Cabin 119. 6,1. ; Single, 3rd Class and Steerage 6s. Return (valid for two months) let Class and Cabin 13s. ; 3rd Class and Cabin. 17e. NOTE.—The above tares include the railway journey between Greenock and Glasgow (Central). t-pecial 14 days Excursion Tickets Cabin 145., Steerage 81. 3d. M. LANGLANDS AND EONS, 14, CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER. 10, RUMFORD PLACE, LIVERPOOL.

Box STATIOINtGRY.—THRtcii NEAMS 1 Good Quality NOTE PAPER (2 sizes), rough or smooth, and 200 Correspondence Cards, plain embossed with address (no charge for die) and 1.00 Envelopes to match. Packed in strong cardboard box, cartage paid for 21s. Half the quantity for 12s. 6d. Write for Sample Sheets to PHILLIP, SON & NEPHEW, LTD., SOUTH CASTLE ST., LIVERPOOL. - LIKE ENAMEL AT PAINT PRICES. "VARNOLPA." THE NEW VARNIsH PAINT, FOR HOWIE AND GARDEN DECORATION. BRILLIANT, DURABLE, BEST. Write for particulars to the Manufacturers :- 3 T. GATEHOUSE Zs CO.. 32, HOLLOWAY RD., LONDoN. N.

DUBLIN, ALSO ENGLISH TBDCASTLE LIND. S.S. " BLACKDOCK," "CUMBRIA.," " EBLANA." and " ADELA," from SOUTH Side, NRLSON DOCK, Liverpool, Every Tuesday Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, to DUBLIN. Return Saloon, 10s. ; Steerage, ss. with Cheap Excursion Tickets IiVERY SAILING- DAY, to Bray. Wicklow, Avoca, AT.. and on Fridays and Saturdays to Killarney, Cork, Bundoran, Warrenpoint, de. 10s. Iteturn nloon to Dublin, or us. including admission to Irish International Itxbibltion. CV'Faet S.& ' BLACK /WM" every Toesdav and Friday from Liverpool, and every Monday epd Weobel Jay from Dublin. SPECIAL ROUND sEA TRIP. per "Cumbria," livery Saturday, to Whitehaven, diving 3 days for English Lakes. thence to Dublin. awl back to Liverpool (6 days, or within 2 months). taboo. 2 s. Apply TATIDASTLIi, McCORMICK & CO., LTD., Liver- pool. Telegrams, " Tedcastle." Tel.phona 975.

FIOBTOreS ORIGINAL BENEDICT PILLS FOR FEMALES. In a few daye cOrrect all irregularities and remove all obstructions; also cure Anemia, and cause no injury; to the married or single arc invaluable. By post, under oover, for Is. Itd. or 2s. 9d.. from G. D. HORTON (late Chief Dispenser trom Birmingham Lying-in Hospital), Dept. 55 Aston road, North, Birmingham. Sold over 40 years,SUPPLIBD DIRBOT ONLY. 9BLDOM EVER FAIL. All Ladies should send for a free sample of Improved Sanitary Towel, and interesting booklet cost free.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. Huggett & Worthington ELECTRICAL and MECHANICAL ENGINEERS and CONTRACTORS, BEG TO ANNOUNCE THAT OWING TO STEADY EXPANSION OF THEIR BUSINESS RiA THEY HAVE FOUND IT NECESSARY TO REMOVE TO LARGER PREMISES, 85 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

Two new departments: Cycle and Motor Carriage Building and Repairs, and Electro-plating and Stove-enamelling ON THE PREMISES BY SKILLED WORKMEN. Telephone 542.

FOR REALLY GOOD TAILORING, WHETHER LADIES' OR GENTLEMEN'S, GO TO H. S. PAGE & CO.. 74, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. WE STUDY YOUR WANTS AND LAY OURSELVES OUT TO SUPPLY THEM

JAMES ATKINSON, 7, ii, AND 13, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. FOR WALKING DAY. GRAND DISPLAYS OF EVERYTHING FOR LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S WEAR. NEWEST DRESS FABRICS, CHARMING MILLINERY, SUMMER COATS, MANTLES, &c. DAINTY BLOUSES, UNDERSKIRTS, AND LACE WEAR OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. ARTISTIC DRESSMAKING COMBINED WITH ECONOMY. A TRIAL ORDER SOLICITED. ESTIMATES GIVEN.

THE HOLIDAYS! DRESS TRUNKS, OVERLAND TRUNKS, GLADSTONE BAGS, BRIEF BAGS. HAMPERS AND BASKETS. BEST VALUE IN TOWN. E. COATES, 11)2NINgclgre

ORDER NOW, SIFYLISII SUITS FOR WALKING DAY, GRAM, 36' BUTTERM4IFAIMIGTUREET,

ESTABLISHED 1838. EICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, ERA/112 MAHER AND PONT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wed di n g end Birthday Presents, School Prices, Ac. Terms Moderate. REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYER OF PICTURES BY WATTS, ROS3EVII, and BURNE-JONES. AUTOTYPE *PRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL. TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHoICIC COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVING.

Telephone 197. JO M. Greenhalgh & Co. Ltd FSRIDGOEINSTREET, WARRINCITON.

• UP-TO-DATE, SMART g and INEXPENSIVE FURNISHERS. See our Leading Lines.

ilonstss, ogrS, tibt *Unit Scr.

IN SALE. BROWN HORs/t, suitabla for mowing; aleo B ark Mare; £lO each; Brown Mare, 8 year° old ; a capital worker; 16-2; fit fcr town work.—Joart RoasaLt, Anadell, Lytham

ouseo anti Earth on Oak.

AP LAND, Grass, 55 acres, Kent. near Folkestone. V £1.250.—8 LRVRY, Surveyor, Canterbury. tiBICHHOLD.—Pretty Country Cotcage. about acre Pasture 1: land, £lBO —ToLLIFIELD. 60, Church rd., Hove. QOUTHPORT.—IIare opportunity.— Freehold Corner Site, 1..) 1,218 yards; central; near Promenade; exceptional for residence or sanatorium .—PLExze, 2, Church at

100 Pt.e.N'TS, 1.. 6d. free. Pdgoeotle, campanula. rclmulus. wallflowers. striped grasses, aubretia, ac.—BuNGALow, Bwlehgwyn. Wrexham.

I AND for COTTAGBS on sale in largti or small plots, _Li opposite New Cotton Mill. Good District. Low Ground rent. Plans passed. Free Conveyances.-395 SAFE DEPOSIT, Manchester.

BRTNE LANDS.—Freehold laud. workshops and building°. nearly 100 yards frontage River Weaver; also large handsaw, table, lathe (treble purchase) handcart and iron crab.—Apply 'IOI,IKINBoN, Lock at, Northvtich.

rro INVESTORS.—Bquity of 48 substantially built well. .11. let weeklies. One lot or separate' v. Best situation round Manchester. Near care and 4tation. Gross rental £922 '7s. Price £2,3oo.—Apply J. SPARROW. ft olestpn House, Manchescer

TUB PBBTTIRST PLANT on Barth, the &airman Fuehtie; 1. always hi full bloom. In flower ten months out of twelve; quite hardy; two ls. Sd., four 2s. 64., post free . T. B. MADDEN. Rallymurry, Roscommon. Ireland.

4jl Spring Sown PLANTS. Fidlere 500.0 and Pearson. Conqueror Cabbage, 2s. 6d 1000; Da!keith, Bunting Perfection. Covent Garden Brutsels, 2s. 6d.; Savoys 2s. 6d. Curled Kale. Red Cabbage, Sprouting Broccoli. all 2s. 6d. V. A. G. Cauliflower, 1000; Leamington Wilcovele Late. Standwell. Adam's Harty Broccoli, is. 6d. 10:0; Drumhead Cabbage, 28. 6d. illustrated lit now ready —W. /imam A Some, Cllffe, Rochester, Kent.

• MANURES MANURES. JAMES TOOLE & SONS, LTD., MANURE MANUFACTURERS, LONGFORD WORKS. WARRINGTON. Telegrams—TOOLE. LONGFORD WORKS WARRINGTON. Telephone. No. 299. BLOOD AND BONE MANURE Is the most valuable known, and one of the best Fertilizers on the market. SPECIAL CONCENTRATED ORGANIC MANURE. Anslysis—AMmoN/S 4 to 5 per cent. PEOEPH ATEA 18 to 20 per cent. Price £5 per ton (Free on Rails Warrington). SPROIAL COMPOUND MANURE. Analysis—A maws's 2to 3 per cent. PRoSPHATHS 5 to 8 per cent. Price £3 per ton (Free on Rails Warrington Special Discount for Cash awl LArge Quanti,ies.

AMES' SCHOOL.— Thorough Modern Education. " Hie'est references. 30 guineas.—ST. MAROAHET'S HousE, Hove, Brighton.

VEANKBY IP/U.98 SCHOOL, HOY LAKE, CHESHlRR.—Principais : Miss CHAPMAN and Miss GREEN. Education on best modern lines. Preparation for Examinations. Resident Foreign Governess, Next term begins May 11th. KIK ILI/, NWTON-LI-WILLOWS.— Nr 6 n BOARDING and DAY SCHOOL FOR GIRLS; Boys received up to ten years of age Summer term begins April Bth. at 2 o'clock. A full term's notice required before the removal of a pupil.—Principals: Miss G. HARTLEY and 49iss M. L. PECK.

‘zourhPoitr muDellor scaoot.4.—ANT IDEAL iT SCHOOL FOR BOYS. First-class education, good home. and healthy serroundings, Swimming, Gymnastics, Cadet Company. and Rifle Range. Foreign boys received. Usually full. Prospectus from Paiveirst.

QTOCKTON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTON Li HRATHAVARRINGTON (3 minutes from Car Terminus) DAY AND BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, KINDERGARTEN. PREPARATORY SCHOOL FOR BOYS, Large 1-fouse, extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident dtaff and Vißiting Masters and Mistresses Great succesßesirjEAarensaions. PROSPBCTIP, References an‘i Views on application to THE MISRS PARTINGTON, PRINCIPALS.

RR ARTHUR PARKINSON. UNDBR MIRO OF ASSIGN actliNT FOR THE BKNEFIT OF CREDITORS. VOR IM MRDIATiC SALE —MR STOCK and FIXTURES, too' her with immediate poasession of the premises, No. Ca, Bold !•,treet, Warrington.—For inventory price and particulars apply FRANK HICKMAN, Trustee, Lyme Street, Warrington.

ROBERT L9WE, ESTATE AGENT, A.UOTIONBER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms No, 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CAM ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and :4P Gond-band Furnitnre and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture, &G.. warehoused.

It/TONY alvanced on shortest notice by post. Interest 5 per cent. per annu n. All respectable people should apply. Privacy guarantee. Distance no object. Stamp reply.—Box 4654. C/O SHARROW k THATCHER, Holborn Place.

W ILN HS. £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNBS, FOOT 07 THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Warrington and Runcorn Applicants may receive Money any Evening at their own Homes.

flAtill ACCOMMODATION, to all respectable k / and trustworthy persons, on these terms : £5 Repay £5 12s. 6d. £lO £ls E2O £3O £SO £IOO Call or write to Actual Lender, W. JACKSON, 26. CORPORATION ST.. MANCHriorript. Tel., 2247.

TO £5,000.—W HY ! WRY!! WHY ! ! sell, pawn or let your friends know that you are short of a little ready cash. We have plenty of money, and are willing to lend you part of it at a very low rate of interest and an easy repayment can be arrang.d according to your income. P. 5 loan ll6 weekly I R,20 loan ........ 5/- weekly £lO loan 3/- weekly i EC) loan 10/- weekly larger sums in same proportion, other terms as mutually agreed upon. Don't Pay 2/6 in he £ for a month. So don't fail to give us a call or write *nd convince yourself that our terms cannot be beaten.—APPLY TO MAURIO9I & 00., 31, CAIRO 81'., WARRINGTON. MISS COTTRRILL, MANAGRazas. N.B,—Read this carefully, what you cannot understand, we will explain; we mean nothing but honest and straight- forward dealings. Letters promptly attended ton.

_ L 5 TO :4500. spEcut TRF'MS FOR THrt HOLIDAYS. IT IS WORTH YOUR wHILN TO (MR US A TRIAL. On RRCHIPT of your Application INT.v MANA.rIRit will call upon you and Lend you what you require on the follow- ing terms. ... 1/6 weekly ... 2/6 weekly 2/- „ fl 5 ... 3/6 „ 4/6 weekly Larger amounts in proportion. For Prospectus App'w or write to J. BURNS, 4, PARKER ST., (SANKEY ST.,) WARRINGTON.

MONEY LENT AT SHORT NOTICE. ADVANCES of large or small amounts (not less than £10) granted WITHOUP DELAY on promissory note only. NO BILLS OF SALB TAKEN. 1110DE1lATE TERMs. NO APPLICATION FEES. BUSINESS CONDUCTED STRAIGHTFORWAIIDLY. Full information supplied either personally or by post FREE OF COT, and all enquiries TREATED WITH CONFIDENCE. Repayments arranged to suit borrower's convenience. Apply to : GEORGE PAYNE & SONS, 00, KENNEDY ST., COoPER ST., MANCHESTER. OR 16, SCHOOL LANF, LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISHBD 1870.

im OTRICTLY PRIVATE LOANS, ON A NOTE OF HAND ALONE TO LADIES AND GENTLEMEN AT A REASONABLE; RATE OF INTEREST AND WITHOUT PUBLICITY REPAYMENTS TO SUIT BORROWERS' CONVENIENCE. MRS. Jo BARRETT (NIANAGEREss), I, CIIFSTE'R ROAD, WARRINGTOM

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, RING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CHESTER. FROMM PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. DAnTIE6 wishing for temporary CASH ADVANZES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OP STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME. CONVENIENT TO TH44 BORROW ER. NO BILLS OF t'ALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY ,NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS, RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTEETIOE IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative ill call personally npoo applicants and complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealirg and reasonable charges are widely knowr rid my reputation stands unrivalled

Direct from the Tea Garden to the Teapot. LIPTON'S TEAS. LARGEST SALE IN THE WORLD.

FRISTERacROSSMANNI CELEBRATED 3 A SEOZNO MACH/NAV. , Vitt k\Tv A'aff Zeal!" ird/louhri /71off MAW 4144 W VIBRATOR Virli CAM ACTION Wr, 12.16.0.

KI:3111)2-11.. itlll-1,4& to.,AgenLe. Manchester

WHY WEAR GLASSES? People wear Glasses to make seeing easier and to prevent the eyes from deteriorat- ing. Glasses relieve strain, and thus maintain or improve the earning powers and rapacity for enjoyment. Oar methods ensure the beet possible results in each case. Conic to-day for testing—as a precaution. ARCHER 6 SONS Eyesight Snerialists, 739 LORD STREET Seth. 1842. LIVERPOOL

: • . ,•• • : ,; • • • : • • • :•.; • : • : • • ' - - • : . : • • ",:•.'"::•'" • • • • • • • • • • • • Afiss Kay.

Dr. Cassell's Tablets are a new and unique family remedy, and are guaranteed t.) build flesh, vitalize the nerves, and strengthen and invigorate the whole system. They are essentially vegetable in composition,. and contain no harmful mineral drug or dangerous ingredient, and can therefore be taKen with perfect safety by young and old, and the most delicate invalid. They are specific m the worst cases of Nervous Prostration Mal-Nutrition Weak Lungs Heart Weakness Loss of Flesh Indigestion Spinal Weakness Nervous Headache Wasting Diseases Anwmia Kidney Weakness Organic Weakness Wrecked Nerves .. Decline Paralysis of Nerves Children's Weakness Neurasthenia Ilyslieria St. Vitus' Dance Defective Nourishment and all diseases ari-ing from paysical and nerve exhaustion. They are just the Tablet for jaded, weak, or run-down constitutions, and are as safe and sure as they are pure and effective. 1d Trial Box, 10 • 2 • 7 Large Size 2/9 Everywhere.

Eat Sparingly of Meat if you would be "com- fortable" during the hot days. In its place the creamy coolness of a Corn Flour Blancmange is as acceptable as it is good, as light and digestible as it is energizing and healthful. But have the best Corn Flour there's only one best - Brown & Poison's " Patent " Corn Flour

' LADIES .—rdN, WINDS, CHANGEABLE WEATHER will play havoc with your SKIN AND COMPLEXION. 66 .. . .,,,, ... ;ior. BETE-!AM'S •-• 99 ~ 4... ,; ' 1/,p,. ' .1‘: ' `2,.;•,...‘ - . " ' '..,"••••!,-,....f.,,,,,•:::,.. • ,L• ' . • is, however, a Sure Safeguard against their ill eflects. A little used after washing will ' =EP THE SKIN SOFT and SSTOOTH 11 ALL THE YEAR. ROUND. 1 ' velkl;i;. 2s.rldlt Vairtegi97:. C I 1111ir. .......40 ..:, j,,,,i.9 r #1: ... a. ' 2 ' '. ' • • , _ ''''!•;,,, ' ''' ' , • , 'l,' ii•'o , . Jo et it"T -• Remove the 5 ~. Cause c! Dig. ~.,.. „, and disord:rs of the Stomr ', ' ' ......mer''" Liver, and to give immediate all such cases, are the principal I 4.: of Dr. SCOTT'S BILIOUS & LIVER A. V -M1 ailments caused by weakness of the acs. of Stomach, and Liver, such as t -,.- • 1 BILIOUSNESS, LVDIGEST/ON, LOSS OF APPETITE, CONSTIPA- .4 TION, AND LASSITUDE .'.-,1.• have a complete anti- , • , .•''', i dote in Dr. Scott's .• . , •i, A , . Pills. . g„,' . • 4:t •-- , 4 , 44. , . '''., Obtainable at '.• all Chemists i‘• . . and Stores. ~i'-' In green . ...?"' VP

GOILTT, SCIALTYC.A., IE4U7I.OI73ALGet, Cured by th A s 1.9 SISSW‘VI THEY NEVER FAIL Everywhere at 1/1i and 21

GOLIT

I ADY Photographer Vacancy ; resident pupil; board 3 A tuition, 251. week inolusive.-61, klitenuELD RD. Ilford.

T API PHOTOGRAPHSR.—Vaaaney resident pupil I) board, tuition. Ms. week inebsslve.-61, MINSFIEL D BD., Tlf ord.

WANTBD TBAMSMAN, mnst be reliable and a good plouglaman.—Apply B. W. TURTON. Ivy Farm, Hale, near Liverpool.

WANTBD, first-class SHIRT IRONNR, for baud laundry; no other n.ed appIy.—HAMPTON, Morris Brook, Latchford, Warrington.

AGHNTS WANTIM—Good Comrnission.—A.pply MiTegELL'S Lino-Soap Company, 46. Dalton rd., Stockton Heath, Warrington.

WANTE n. —lli el able Agents for Bowden's Herbal Remedies. Excellent profits.— Genuine trade.— BovrnEw'a,linclz Barn•table.

WANTTRD.—Ladies' and Gentlemen's Cast-off Clothing. Postal Orders for parcels, Any distance.—Mr. and Mrs. 1-TnITGRTOIt. 2 I:everton st., Thirwen.

OHRTSTMAS C&RD(l.—A.gents wanted; 100 beautifni 1J designs. sure to sell ; orders by return.—Dept. X., GRFTA PuBLIMING Co., IngTeton. Yorks.

I 864 PPNNTHS Wantsed fit eseh.—KDGAR Liwom.x, dealer in Coins, Ostalogne of Coins illustrated. 71f.-144. Kensington High it., London, W.

VVANTRT), care of a child under ten. Hampobire farm 14toderate terms. Medical referencos.—H., Box 4646, Sharroav & Thatcher. Holborn Place, London, W.C.

ADOPTTOM—HOMB WANTED for healthy Baby Roy few weeks oIA no nreminm. nor navment ; references exchanged.—Waxawsw, Orphanage. Arnside, Carnforth.

HPRHSTONTATIVHS Wanted.--important honsehoid 111, preparation. 20s. weelilv and commission, Bplendid prospects. Send Is. for sample.—lduvriziwz CO.. 31, Gation rd., 'Bristol.

WANTRD, Agency. Sonth Staffordshire Billets. Blooms. qections. &c. Birmingham as centre. Ten years' exnerienee.—Apply BOK 453?, SHARROW & THATCMIR. 'Holborn Pince, W. 0.1

WORK for 20,000 Farm Hands in Virginia ; also (looks, fair wages ; planes guaranteed ; no fees; nartlenlars free; grand climate ; work all year rownd.-oapt. THOMPBoN Mereeambe. IRovlend.

WORK FOR 2^,000 FARM HANDS IR VIRSINIA. Alpo 000KA. Goo/ wages ; places Rmaranteed. ; no fees ; mrticnlars. Grand climate: work all Year round.— CAPTAIN THOMPSON, Morecambe. Rnaland.

-IIBRA I—Do yon want an appointment? Sanitary Inepector, Lady Health Visitor, coo to £350. Foetal Conroe Leeeons now commencing for Liverpool exam. Fee 258.-1181rmawa, fianitary Hameqt. Smulerland.

A NY branch of Civil 'Engineering and Surveying pro- fessions taught by correspondence for examin‘tions or otherwise. by thoroughly experienced and 9ucces.ful Conch. Moderate terms.-395, SAFE IDRYogyr, Manchester.

QPARR—TIMN AGHNT, each district, to devote few hours weekly taking orders. Large profits easily made, ontstAe regular employment. —Write for trade terms and Particulars. MEAD CYCLE COMPANY, Agency Dept. 713 Y, Liverpool.

WYING Agents Wanted.-914pplv shopkeepers en/ thers. wholemie and retail, with our 1. Nolo " Ply Catcher. 9.21 n. long. 21n. wide: gummed both sides. Patent No. 352300. Special Iist.—SUNBICAM Go.. Nottingham.

rI&NADA.—WANTBD immediately 45 LABOURRRR, 10 Rongh Carpenters, 5 Blacksmiths, 55 experienced. Farm Hands, 125 inexperienced. also steady men for other employ- ment. Assisted passages in some instances.—Bend sl,ampeti envelope BRITIB7I B T.C. SOCIETY, Newington, Liverpool.

10 -NA CIK'RVIS ! HN (11:THERB 1! KRAOKIIRS !I ! Beet IX possible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle Prompt reqloval on the shortest notice any distance op to 16 miles—jsmse Toots ATM 80701 LTD.. Manure Mann- faeturers, Longford Works. warvington. Telegrams, Toole, Longford Works, Telephone 899.

rrim GRBSHAM PUBLISHING CO., require represents- ". tives to push sale of " The Horse" by Prof. Axe. Applicants must state whether whnle or spare time can be devoted. Liberal remuneration. Preference co those having rood connections. 34, SOUTHAMPTON BT., Strand, London, W.O.

A GRNTS Required by the IMPRRI ACCI1)RN111, Ac., INgITRANCR Co., Ltd., IFisti. 1878. Capital 8100.001. Departments :—Personal Aclidents ; Employer's Liability for Accidents to Domestic Servants, Clerks and Shop Assistants; Carriage, Motor & Driving Accidents; Burglary and Plate Glass ; Horse and Cattle Insurance. Claims paid 12750,n00. Liberal terms allowed.—Address, P&A.WAGEB, 17, Pall Mall Nast, London. gyi,

CORNzi! Cons! Corns lxio ' corn silk, insures a pain- less cum a speedy cure, a certain cure. Post free BL-cl. of MEACHER. Chemist, 61 Stroud Green rd., London, N. LISTAI3. 1859.—Hulme's ' Best Female Pills' are sold in 17J boxes, Is, lid., 2s. 9d.; extra 4*. 6d.; useful and nstrnetive booklet post free.—Hu'LmEs,Chernlet,Nottinglysin

RHIMMATISV, Gout. Sciatica, prevented and cured with lihQ new HLBCTRIC PADS; no inconvenience; sure cure. P.O. is. 7d. pair.—AnDY & Co., 15 Gravelly Hill, Birmingiaam.

QTBRI LE MARRIAGE : Its Causes and Curative Treat- ment. By a late Senior Pbysielan to a Hospital for women. A new edition ;just publiebed. Post free 3s. 9d., London.---9FIELLEY & CO., LTD., 38, Graceehnreb st.

fl O you suffer from Chronic Headache, Nervousness, Indigestion, Bile, Dyspepsia, Costiveness. Liver, and all Stomach troubles. If so, take Rawson and Thompson's Pills, which are made from Vegetables, Herbs, and Roots. Write for sample, which will be sent on receipt of id, stamp. Sold in Boxes at Is. ltd.—RAwsox & THOMPSON, Taticaster.

DON'T SUFFER ANY LONGER When ls. 6d. forwarded to Hormen, 197 Rutland st., Grimsby, procures finest recipe for indigestion ; cured hundreds, making only costs 3td. bottle. Genuine offer.

IiNKETH.—GOOD HOUSES WITH GARDENS, 3s. 9d per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. IVY LODGE,FEOGHALL LANE, reduged rent. 55, WASH LANE. M' LL STREET. OFFICES.ground floor. Also upper rooms. 41, NEW ROAD, rent 4s. 9d. per week. CORNER SHOP 2, School Brow, reduced rent ss, 6d. per week. 67, CATHERINE S 1 REBT. rent 3s. 6d. per week. 4, WELLINGTON STREET, rent ss. Bd. per week. 48, (MORLEY STREET, rent 41. Bd. per week. Apply ROBERT Lowz, Esrate Agent. No. 1 Bank-street War- ringtou. Telephone—No 55.

LBT, HOLM% Knutaford rd. Beautified throughout. Rent £l7. Apply Jas. B. ALDRED, Leigh Villas, Grappenhall.

TO LET.—GOOD HOUSE. Hopwool it.; 3 bedrooms I. rent ss. 6d.—Apply WOoosi & Sox, Solicitors, Horse— market et.

rro LBT GOOD BOUM Parker street, rent 355. month 1. clear, will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODS et Qmr, Solicitors. Warrington.

T[ 10 LILT HOU6B, Alexandra-terrace. Stag Bridge, Walton, I_ two entertaining-rooms, bath, h. and c. water through- out -, rent 7a. 91. claar.—Apply to W. A. LReLIE, Mersey at., Warrington,

lEatrtmonn

Ott Uan t o u 55, n Galt, ttre

PLRNDID Cloth Costome. Lengths in leading shades. 7s. 6d., carrlago paid.—WEPT, Fairmount,' Armley, Leeds.

DBEIT 'PRIOR FOR OLD FURNITURE, Antignes,Pintoree I_l and Viotti:le.—Address J. R., 2, Edison rd., Eatricroft. (No dente/8). U ICH wide silk Scarves, 21 'wird° long, reduced from Ii ss. 6d. to 3s. 11d.—BENNETT NEWTON, Carlton, Nottingham.

nD. WBBKLY. —Boots, Jewellevv,Phonographs.Beciateads, U Wringers.—Liate free.--SUPPLY COMPANY, 55. Padding- ton at.. Birmingham.

CORRICSPOIIN cIINCB Lessons for Professional Prelirnin- cries. and other Baarninations.—Apply TUTOR. 88, Ouldharbour rd., Bristol.

WHDDING OLUlDS,—Oharming pattern. printed in silver ; 12, 3s. 6d., 25, 6e., free.—M.SEILAND, Heroldic Printer, Tiverton, Devon.

TRON ROOFS. Bbeds and Buildings for all purposes deslgns and estimates freg.—Wenurx 8c Co., Derby IC. Works, Obeetharn. Manchester.

VLASTIO STOCKINGS N. 6t1., Leine Re. id. Knee- -11.7.4 cape 2e. each; ramenrement form free.—NEW }Anus R111373E11 Co., Lord et.. Southport.

el ROOBRS Buying by post saves 20 per cent. Our List 1 -If shows in plain figures. Send for one. fvee.—RAYBoULD. WHITEHotrEir, LIMITED, Dudley.

FOll SALl3.—Best quality bed sheets. citton Swill, 70 in. by 90 in. ; perfectly new; 6s. 3d. pair, carriage paid.— Mrs. CIOPPIE. Knapphill, Surrey.

£ID. POST FRNT: ANYWFIERN ! -Four Ladle,' Hatpins 12 newest Parisian Heads, strong Steel Shanks.—JoHN WILSON, 162, Northended rd., London, W.

BAZ AAR GOODS (Special), I. and SO.—Greatest variety and value in the trade.—SALmox & MArrinvistsx, Ltd, Plough Blandings, Gloucester et., Birmingham.

ULASTIO STOCKINGS. 2a. 6&; Knee-Cape, 2e. finspen- UI sary Bandages, ls. each from Mannfaoturer—W. H. MADDOCK, Alfred et. South. Nottingham.

"CI EIFORM PAMPHLEIT.-27 pages. Red cloth cover elid. 11, paper cover 3ftd. Including porage.—Aoply to Mr. HIM' WOOD. Bookseller, 7 Bladrid Bull ling.. Bath.

HARMONIUM (Evans). 2 manuals, 18 stops, 2 octaves, knee-pedals to 141 t. Just overhauled. Been used in ohnrcb.--/INsvp, Woodlands, Oranborne, Dorset. 3000 RICH BILK UMBRELLAS, poet free. 2s eacb. Fancy Handles, sticks or Tubes. Trade Supplied.—.-ANDIIEWS, London st., Greenwich, London.

CIHICAP PRINTING.-250 BCinvade, 250 Memorandums, X 250 Business Cards, 250 Nnvelopes, 250 Post Cards,all for 10s. 6d. ; work gnarantPed.—RßNEsT LEwls,Printer, Norwich.

LIAM:ILES cure Canker in dogs and cats.--.DOGULBS 124 cure all dog ailments ; easiest given ; each Is.kox post ree.—CANINE SUPPLY CO. 85. Jullan's Farm rd., Norwood.

T\THUMBS' Good 814 e Line.—gample 4d. allowed on first order, or refunded (less postage). If returned in 3 day/J.—Warns:user.. 98. Walangbam id, Seseombe.Cheablre

DON'T miss my selection for Royal Hunt Cup ; is. 6d. only ; occasional wires is. (No need b tell my clients what they have won this season )—Sc.avrisr, 66, Harwood rd., S.W.

- _ ANGLERS —I can save you money. Before buying Tackle, write for my prices. Bea or inland fishing. Highest grade goods, lowest priceo.-3. HODGES, Sidmouth et., Devizes, Wilts.

ASTROLOGY.—Horoscope,Lifeßvents,Changes,Fortunate Dave. Business Success, Matrimony. Two years' future—Send birth date, is. P. 0., Prof, GouIA 27, Windsor rd., Newport, Mon.

fiRAVRL 1 GRAVEL 1 GRAVEL !—par GraveLchipplngs, macadam. for drives and walks. Rockery stone, &c. Quotations to any station. —RonPnr W. KILLON, al, Coal Exchange. Chester Telenbone 71

A BREAM OF INTEARST.—If you are a holder of DATIRNTURES in a Limited Liability Company, upon which interest is overdu., you should consult the Co:unser AND FINANCE Co., 35 Craven Bt., London, W.C.

trAUll LUCKY STABS.'—Character, talents, health / occupation, marriage, finance, ifutnre prospects. &0., delineated by astrology. Bend birth date,with Is. postal order Miss GERRARD, 25. George fit., Blanchester Square. London.

100 BILLHBADS, Memos, Business or Visiting Cards, 31., post free : 50 sheets of Notepaper with your address printed on each sheet, and 50 envelopes for is. 3d., post free.—DALLts & Co.. 39, Park at.. ()Ambridge.

2 / BHT OF BABYLINIIN.—Dainty, wide, - setviceable ; well made garments. 52 articles Els. carriage paid. Satisfaction absolutely guaranteed or cash retutned.—Woop Baas., Manufacturers, 6, Hough Terrace, Bramley, Leeds. _

(1 ARMIN TINT.—No centre poles. 12 ft. x 6 ft. includ k 3 ing awning, scalloped edges, bound red, 395. 61. Striped canvas, 555. 6d. Waterproof, Willesden canvas, 849. Hammocks and Garden Furniture. Price lists and patterns ree.—DEPT. 8.. GARDTM TEST Co., Boston, ngland.

5/11 EMPIRE World renowned Tailor made Vienna cloth dress skirts. Black and navy, stylish, perfect fitting garments ;a wonder to the trade; unrivalled value. Bend waist measure, length, and 51. rid, for sample skirt, car, paid ; satisfaction guaranteed, or money returned.

£lO TO BR GIVEN AWAY IN PRIZES for collect answers to ERVEN POSTCARD POETICAL PUZZLES; most interesting intellectual novelty.—Send af once for packet (post free for sixpenny P. 0.) to the COSMOPOLITAN PUBLISHING COMPANY, 94a,High rd., WWI. RPO,sX.

5/ WATCHHS.—bpecial Offer. Genuine and reliable / Timekeepers ; will give every satisfaction. Hnormous sale, Fine quality lever movements. Oeystal-glass and handsome nickelled dustproof case. 55. P.O. will secure one. Send at Once—GENERAL TRADING ComPANr, 6, 6hru3bery rd., Streatham, London.

CffINA GILT SHCONDS is. doz. Harthenware seconds from 8. doz. Dinner, Tea, Toilet Ware, great variety. Chapel. Church Caterers supplied. Badged were hotels, Schools. 100 doz. seconds sound articles £3, Safely packed Hawkers crates nearly 1,009 articles 38s. Gil. Cheapest in trade. Write for tree lists.— ARTHUR J, MILL, Normacot Works, Longton, St&'fs.

THE GRAND OLD MAN that was (Gladstone), one of I England's noblest and greatest, statesmen ; a Bold Medallion of him in massive relief in Antique Bronze ; splendid for hall or corridor ; a pleasing and lasting memento for sale Ibesr).-1-inwl!s.L. IYrarnle.

OOT RATS? F SO, USE SANFORIY:i POISONS. It ends the trouble JL by destroying them. Rats, Mice. Moles, &a.. like it, eat It, and perish. Try the remedy, you will be delighted with the result. Price Is. Bd. to he, per box, of all Chemists, or SeivronD & Sox, Sandy, Bads.

ÜBBIIII GOODS arid every description of tiursical and Domestic Appliances at half usual prices ; valuable Information and illustrated list free ; four splendid samples is., or ten assorted 2s. 6d. (worth 56).—W. B. DOREIN At Co.. Manufacturers. West Norvvond Tx-melon.

QUPBHFLUO US HAIR and MOLRs.—Perfectkid Elec- trolycla (by Mr. Parke's invention) supersedes all other systems in rapidity for permanent destruction. The only method which never disappoints. By appointment only Stamped envelope to Mr. ROBERT J. PARKES. 2, Church at., Southport.

rro BE SOLD.—Farnworth, 'leer Widnes.—The extensive J. Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co,, with Machinery and 24.420 square yards of Freehold Land, with 'siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address 1 HOSIEING, 16, Fenwick street, Liverponl.

WATBRBURY WATC.I DIIPOT.—Write for illustrated catalogue and revised prices.-15, NEweSTE ST., London.

'DIAN°, quite new; splendid tone; maker's price 30 guineas. Will take 14 guin as. —B9, BEwSZY BT., Warrington.

BORAX SALT for killing weeds on gsrden walks, 2s. per cwt.—WARRINGTON BORATE CO., LTD., Stag Bridge, Warrington.

000 BEST 1 PeOdST y rCeAe .R D 535,1 ir.)l 1 5i 500 3e. raedtbinatk 54"

GBNIJINB Moneymaking pee-time Rmployment. No outlay. Stamp for particulars.—UßßY, Commerce House, Bonchuseh.

XTETd, tanned, Gardens. Fruit trees, 150 ft. a 45 ft. Lll quality guaranteei ; 20s. cash with order. —TRII3IIII, St. Monan's, Fife.

URN your Garden and Household rubbish in one of our I/ Patent Destructors.—HOßElFA.LL DESTRUCTOR CO., LTD,. Spence Lane. Leeds.

H 0 Ltiop eS h a6vde weittabmo upts a ARdadzlrve.s: Mgoler.shC;avAinrgEpas. Orwell at., Grimsby.

100 PIM ONT. PHOPlT.—Purniture Cream or ?decal Polish, W. A. X.—Finorrruaz CREAM Ca., Newestle-on-Tyne.

PAIICHLS of good smart left-off Clothing, all kind', 21.6 d. upwards; bales from 21 to £IO.—WEsT, 18, Glen- burnie rd., Upper 'rooting.

1008TOABD COLLBOTORS.—Bend me a P P.C. and I 1. will send one in return —ARTHUR B. Bow Ens. 2871, Chester rd.. Manchester.

1,000 GARDHN LIGHT% Greenhluses, Starlios Summer Houses, Hencotes, Mortar; catalogue —HoLmEs. Wellfield rd., Preston.

I ADIBEI AND GENTLBMBIVEI first class CAST OFF IA CLOTHING ON SALM. Business strictly private. Apply 28, MAIRSoN ST.. Warrington.

GBNUINE remunerative Home Employment. intelligent persons, relined, interesting, scientific; stamped address.—Tutsores HYDRO. Leicester.

COSTUMB CLOTHS and TWRIMS direct from mills. Wholesale prices. Our patterns save you money and Fre free.—Dzwsnao Ditias Co.. Bradford N.

E 5 58.—Good BROOND-HAND PIANO; guaranteed, suitable for learner; another at 210 10.—J. H. WOOD. 47, London rd., Stockton Heath.

QALAD DIII49iIING.--in excellent receipt, inexpensive to 13 rnake. will be forwarded on melpt of P.O. Is. 2d.— Ilmfax Moss, Wortham. Dies, Norfolk.

NO MORE AUOTIONS for me. I buy old Stamps, Maps, Papers. Books, Prints, 100 years old. Cash per return. —Collections. 246 GRAYS Inn rd., Loudon W.C. eIATALOGUB of 4,000 engraved portraits or clearance catalogtie of secondhand books poet free from SIMMONS & WATERS, Leamington Spa. Books and prints bought.

/Ur ARVRLT,OTTS VALUR.—For a few days only, Gent's LYE 18 et. rolled-gold Albert, curb pattern. ss. post free.— TEwrraanly SUPPLY COMPANY, 91, Hanley rd., London. N.

jO F.413M114119 and Manure Manufacturers.—Shoddy Dirt 1 on Sale cheap; price Bs. for waggon load of 4 tons ; cash with order.—Apply JAMES Lias,Wiliowst. Mill,Oldbam.

G. L 11,98 CUTTRBS superior to Wailers' Diamonds ; No. 1 (with El cutter.), Is. 91. ; No. 2 (2 critters). Is., post free.—DECORLTOR4' SUPPLY STORRS, Dept. 9, 5.9., Blackpool.

CYDBII, OYMONEr DHVONSHIRB CYDER; delicious and invigor- ating ' • supplied in bottles or small easke.—Fnurr Mum, Totnes. Devon., Lo ndon Office and Stoves, Ratcliffe, B.

fiI_BNIIINII Offer to Olear.-500 Boot Polishing brushes; VI hair sample for seven stamps. pair for is.. three for Is. 3d.; money returned if not satisfactory.-3A7 ER. Queen st.. Ipswich.

HOLDING'S " Phlatt " moun'ant for Photographs ; dry, or wet ; ab9olutely prevents wlrping ; le. per tube, all chemists, Or post free Is. 21.—" PHLATT" MOUNTANT Co. ha, Wormwood at., London, ILO.

I) USTIC GARDBN SHATS, Tables. Chairs, Arehes,Ladies' It and Gents' Lawn Tennis Chairs, Lawn Vases, Flower and Fern Stands, Garden Shelters. Summer Houses, ese. Illustrated list free.—REDSHAW & Sox, Rustle Works, Bourne, Lines.

120 HHAU l'Y SHORIITS. Society, Medical, Pro- fessional. Contains no useless advice, but mostly information hitherto unpublished. !Written for brisy women, plain women, aud the of small means. ls. OLIPHANT, 77, St. Alban's rd., Watford.

ONTARM, the principal Province of Canada, offers most favourable opportunities to strong young Men and others (Matrons of engaging in Farm Work. Female Domestics in great demand at high wages. For particulars apply ONTARTo GovERNIKENT AGENCY:7, Jarn.e st.,LiverDool.

! TENTS I—Suitable for gardens, cricket, or 1 camping-out purposes; 401 t. in circumference ; pegs, poles, mallet, and lines complete (with tent bag included). I will send one complete for 355. Pries list of marquees, any size, post free.—H. J. lasssoN, Government Contractor. Rye.

WHIR NAILS (Mixed), 88. 6d. per cwt, 281bs, 23. 3d.; Screws. mixed, 28s. per cwt. ?81b8 7s. 6d.; Wire, Out, Wrought, and Malleable Nails. Tacks, Rivets, etc', etc., wholesaleprices.—MinnAND NAIL Wonsa, 25 to 28, Rea et., Brimingham, C. W. HAYLI3S. Proprietor. \

pTIINT Action Artificial Legs. life like in appearance. light in weight, strong. durable; wearers are able to walk, sit, and ride with ease and comfort and with natural movements.—Particulars free from the makers.—ANTHOSFY & Co., 48, Seymour place, Bryanstin square, London, W.

AGIINT FOR CHIMP WINDOW GLASS. fir Feet of Window Glass, small sizes cut and VO9OOO supplied at Hid. per foot. Window Glass of all substances, colours and patterns. Plate-glass and Shop Mirrors, Shades and stands. The best house.—ADAMS, 212 North Hill at., Liverpool.

GALVANISLD CORRUGATED SHEETS, all warranted sound; 3ft., 91. ; 4ft., is. ; sft., 51. 3d. ; 6ft. is. 6d. ; 71t., is. 9d. ; Bft., 24. ; 9ft., 2s. 51, ; 10ft., 2s. 8. each : ridgin', 3d. per foot; spouting. 31.4. per foot. BARBED FENCING WIRE, in Wit. reels, 224 yards, 7s. per reel ; plain, galvanised wire, in lowt. bundles, varions gauges, 12s. per cwt. ; wrought iron standards, Is. 31. each.—BUTLER Bell Works. Wolverhampton. Established 1828.

WALL PAPRRS in large or small quantities at ridiculously low prices. Splendid papers from lid., all prices. 50 per cent. lower then anyone else. Book of this season's specials and price list given to the trade only. Carriage paid on all orders from £2.—Tny. Timv.s WALL PAPER Co., Marriott's Court, Spring Gardens, Manchester. Telephone 5683. Call and see our stock. A great variety to choose from including high-class papers.

2S• 60, MONTHLY Repays Lb loan; interest 10 per cent. ; share profits ; prospectus 2 stamps.— Co-oPXBATIVE BANKING socrETy, 61, Lord et.. Liverpool. A DVERTISHR wishes to meet gentleman with about £3lO lA_ for investment ;he has exceptional facilities ; invest- ment safe ; velnrenePe. —Particulars 'G,' 12. King st , Chelsea

A MERIOAN Lady 3ompelled to sacrifice valuable shares, 13- desires givfng some other lady i^stead of brokers, an opportunity of making large profits.—Box 4173, 0/0 811AltaoW & THATCHaR, Holborn Place, London, W.C.

21a How to Make a Fortune with small capital. £2O V bring you in £1 a day profit; 210, 10s. Any other sums according. This Is genuine and legal. No hard work, canvassing or selling. Full information. P.O, 2s. 6d.— Write F , 11. ohlcbp4ter Plac,, Paddington, W.

QHM-LISS WANTBD.—Advertiser is prepaved to buy a few SMARMS in some Company carrying on business within 40 miles of Warrington. State lowest for prompt cash. Beply sent to all letters. Write '• INVESTOR 0/0 Mr. C. W VINE% Builder, H. Ceil rd , Tipton Manor, Rase.

TOI RIDLINGTON.—Aingarth BOARDING HOUSE; sea -11.1 view. Special terms, May and June.—Miss Moßairr. - RIDLINGTON.—ORHSOBNT PRIVATE HOTEL, over- JO looking sea and Prince's Parade; sea view every window; from Ss. day.—Mrs. BROOKS.

11[01 USH GLEN HOUSE, Busbmills, Ireland.—CoMfortable _LI BOILED and LODGINGS at above address; terms moierate.—Apply DANIEL Jtsmiort, mounted rural postman*

DOUGLA.S.—Dodsworth's Borrding itiouso,on tha Queen's Promenade, facing sea; liberal table, goad cooking pleasant company; terms 56 6d per day, no extras.—Fo hull= particulars apply to WILLIAM W, DODBWORTH, Proprietor.

y LANDUDNO. ORMESCLIFFE BOARDING ESTAII- 1J LISHMIINT, Promenade.Re3reatlon, Room for Dancing Rte., Billiards. Moderate.

11 LANDUDNO —BOARDING- BSTABLISHMIiNT ; near 1J Pier; moderate terms.—WILLIAM, The Lindens, Church Walks.

PORTRUSH, Select BOARDING HOUR% Bellevue, 40 Bglinton Terrace, good sea view. Convenient to golf and station. Piano. Miss WRIGHT.

4,2CARBOROUGH.-13T. DIARIES BOARDING ROUSH, 0 Prince of Wales Terrace, near Sea, Spa, and Golf Links; moderate tariff.—Mrs. Cox, Proprietress.

rPOIIQUAY.—BRA LAWN, BOARDING Efill'AßCl3ll- - MBNT and private suites, on the sea frmt ; spacious rooms. smoking-room.—Proprietress, Mrs. U. B. 'TIMINGS.

ATISITORS to Dublin will find the NATIONAL }form, V BLAOKHALL ST. (near Queen at. Bridge) comfortable and moderate.—Applv Mrs. WYLDON.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

SuUTHPORT. MRS. CLARA E. SLATER HAS OPENED No. 12, PROMBNADB, SOUTHPORT, AS A COMFORTABLE BOARDING HOUSE,I FOR INVALIDS AND VISITORS. OLOSB TO Plllll AND PLACES OF INMOST. Terms sa. 6d. per day.—Write to BILKAGICRESS for tariff.

pEEBLES HOTEL IHYDROPATHIC. UNDER MR. A. M. MIEN'S PERSONAL MANAGEMENT. CONSTRUCTED FIREPROOF THROUGHOUT. EQUIPPED ON THE MOST MODERN LINES. EVERY HOME COMFORT. HIGH-CLASS CUISINE. PURR BRACING AIR; DELIGHTFUL GROUNDS; GOLF, TENNIS. CROQUINT AND HOWLING GERM ; MOTOR GARAGE; MAGNIFICENT RECREATIONIHALL. Every form of Electricity, Massacre, Baths, Diet, Gymnastics, &c. ALSO SUN. AIR AND &LBO TRIO LIGHT BATHS. Resident Medical Specialist.

SOUTH FORT. H AYES'S RESTAURANT (Kgp7 BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CH APEL-STRE HIT. • ESTIMATES GIVEN, CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C.. TESTIMONIALS PROF ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

,- 4artmentis, furntEsbeb 1?0u5e51 Srt

A BBRGBGE.--Oomfortable A.PARTMIONTS. near sea and 11 mountain., Bracing air. Terms moderate.—BLLis, 1. Mountain View, Abergele.

A BERYSTWITEL—BOARD or APARTMENTS.—Mrs. HINCKEEIMAN, Tan-y-Graig, Trinity rd. A BERY3TWITH.—FUENIERIED HOUSE for long or II short period. Excellent position. Moderate terms.— Apply Mrs. HUMPIDGIC, 12, Laura Place.

A INSDALB near Southport.-00111MORTABLB AOOO- ti IIODATION, with or without board, on reasonable terms; garden, lawn; well recommended. Cyclists catered for, on main road.—Bialpsox. Brink House.

11. A PARTMENTS (Comfortable), three bedroonis,one sitting- room--Apply Mrs. CommoTT, Lowfield Farm, Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire.

A BNSlDE.—Oambridge Rouse. Superior APARTMENTS. Z 1 Beautifully situated, facing sea ; splendid views.—Mrs B.L.LTEB.

BLACKPOOL.—Homely APARTMENTS. Piano. Ea. per night two persons.—Mrs. CURTIS. 7, Edward at., Talbot rd.

BLACKPOOL, APARTMHINTS public and private; near sea. Piano.—Mias WoRGAN, 104, Sherbourne rd., North Shore. _

BLACKPOOL—Front Sitting and 2 Bedrooms, 21s. ; Back Sitting and Bedroom, 12s. 61. inclusive.-23 PALAIINE BD.

BLAOKPOOL S.S.—Comfortable APARTMENTS (two persons 2..), near station and sea.—Mrs. W. ROBINSoN, 186, Lytham rd.

BLACKPOOL, Nortb.—Comfortable Private APART- BIHNTS, with good cooking ; near sea•—The Mis Sea SMITH, 42. Oarehalton rd.

HLACKPOOL. —Sea view; comfortable APAtiTfdIINTS ; bed 2e. ; piano ; accommodation for cyclists.—Mrs. JAMESON (from Eccles) 12 Yorkshire et., (close to Central Station).

BLACKPOOL. —93, ALBERT ROAD. Apartments, lb. each, BLACKPOOL.-93. ALI3RET ROAD. Board 4a. day. BLACKPOOL.-93, ALRIIRT ROAD. Book now.—P&LNIZR.

BLACKPOOL.—Public and Private APARTMHNTS, or board ; 2s. a bed 2 persons ; se .% view.—Urs. BF.LL, 53 St. Chad's rd., Promenade. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTAIHNTS Is. per day each person with attendance.—Mrs. PARR, 23, Brdington rd., Central Drive. BLACKPOOL.—PubIiu and Private APARTMHNTS ; good accommodation ; central to all places ; sea view ; pianos. —Mrs. FIRTH, 47, Adelaide et. TIPLACKPOOL.—SITTINCI-ROOM and 13130R0061 ; every 1) comfort ; one minute from sea.—Mrs. KAY, 19, St, Paul's rd., North Shore, Blackpool: BLACKPOOL, Superior APAIITMBNTS, 2s. per night, for two persons ; near Stations, Amusements, Sea. Board 45,-31isses CARTER, 114, Albert rd.

BLACKPOOL.—APARTMSNTS, near sea, pier and Rolf links ; bath (h, and a.) uood cooking; terms moderate. RICHARDS, 18 Osborne 0., South Shore.

111.11LACKPOOL.—Miss RILEY, 39, Adelaide st.t Otte of DougIas.)—APARTMENTS; board optional; over- looking Winter Gardens.

BLACKPOOL.—Cornfortable hol YC iday APARTHNTS, or board-residence ; alto permanent private Apartments, with sick nurse for lady or gentleman needing care.—Mrs. LEE, 12, Crystal rd., off Promenade.

B LACKPOOL.—Comfortable private and public APART- MENTS; central; near prom., station, and amuse- ments.—Mrs. RIDE., 51, Albert rd. BLACKPOOL —APARTMENTS with 3: without board. One minute from Central Station and sea. Terms moderate.—MlSs BLEARLEY,I3, Vance rd.

T)LACKPOOL.—fdrB. Duci(wonTrf, Central House, 12, 1) Hull rd.. opposite Hxcursion Platforms ; reasonable charges ; homely, clean, well-furnished. Stamp.

D LAOKPOOL .—APARTMENTB with or without board. Terms from 55., without biard 2s. 6d. Grand sea view. --J.S. Cox, Prospect House, 33 Central Promenade. BLA OK POOL—Public and private APART.IIHNTS with or without board. Terms moderate. Elea view. Highly recommended.-IYrise lacY,Manchester Houss,s6 Tyidesley rd.

DLACKPOOL.---Comfortable APARTMENTS, with or without board ; reasonable charges ; two minutes from Central Station ; piano.—Mrs. WIDDUP, Healey House, 15, Vance rd.

-DLACIIiPOOL.—Best and most reasonable APARTMIiNTS, with or without board; near all places of amusement and sea; piano; stamp for reply.—Mrs. MOSELEY. 96, Albert rd.

10LACKPOOL.—One minute from sea and Manchester I) lantel ; Is. day and night each person; good accommoda- tion for cyclists ; plano.—Mrs. STusue (from Weaver's Arms. Bawtenstall,) 27, Clarendon rd. BLACKPOOL.—Near sea and Central Station, Pisblio and Private Boarding Apartments ; bed, cooking, attendance (2 persons), 2s. per day; Boarders, 4s. 6d. each ; piano.— Mrs. EVANS, 65, Albert rd. - BLACKPOOL.—APARTMTINTS, 3 minutes,sea, station,all amusements ; bed, cooking, and attendance, Is. eau% person ; board from 4s. ; bath, piano ; trams pass.—Mrs TWINER, 146, Central Drive.

BLACKPOOL.—Clean homely APARTMENTS, is. each person ; bed and attendance ; one minute from Central Pier.—HoLT. 38, Poschall?rd.

DLACKPOOL.—HomeIy APARTMHNTS, good beds and 1) eooking, terms 21.vfor two persons per! night ; board 4s. each if preferred. Piano. Central,—Misses HORRIDGE, 10, Reads rd.. off. Central Drive.

BLACKPOOL —APARTMEINTS, two minutes from Central Station and sea; piano; good accommodation for bicycles ; official caterer to the Manchester Union of National Clarion Cycling Clubs.—Mrs. WHITEHEAD, Ruskin Rouse, 59, Albert rd.

BRAY.-APARTMIINTS, facing sea; doubled-bedded rooms; £1 and 15s. per weak; use qf sitting-roarn and attendance free.—Mrs. KENNA, Harbour View. Esplanade.

CARNARVON, NORTALHS —Menai View, 17, H IV Market st. Comfortable A.-4ARTMHNTR. Cyclists accommodated. Moderate terms.—Mrs. PUGHE JONXS.

CIISTLETOWN I.O.NI.—FURNISHID HOUSH to Let. l_./ four bedrooms, two sitting-rooms, bath &o.; 'cleat neighbourhood; near shore,—CaLLow, Oroftville.

CIOLWYN BAY.—Com'ortable APARTVIHRTS ; 3 minutes VI sea and statlon.—BarrEmr, Broomlull. 29, Green- field rd.

rIOLWYN BAY--Mrs. WILLIAMS, Plymouth Villa, Grove rd.; pleasantlF situated, close to shore. APART- mBwre. with every borne comfort ; board if required ; good cooking and attendance; cycling accommodation ; piano.

nONIFORTABLIII Country APARTIWYINTS ; also Fur- nished Cottage, border of Wales ; bracing. air, piano, bathroom (h ani c) ; moderate terrns.—RoßEßTS, Pine Grove, Hengoed. neat Orsvestrv.

CONWAY.—Pleasant APARTMENTS near sea and golf links, Mountain view. 10minutes from station. Terms moderate.—Gwas DWR.

riONWAY.—APART mucus, near golf links, sea and k I mountain view. Terms moderate.—Mrs. HUGHES, Minavon, Morfa drive. riOUNTRY APARTMBBTS, near Blackpool, bedroom and sitting-room.—Mrs. SCHGVIELD, Willowbank Yarm, Marton, South Shore.

DBBYSKIRI3.—A.PARTMRNTS midway between Mat- lock and Dovedale. Fine air.—Misses FEARK, Brassington. J)OUGLAS.—Mre. QUIYLR, Liverpool Muse, Peel rd.— Bed and breakfast 21. 6.1., full board 4e. 6d., beds with- out boatd 2s.

JJO U G LAS . —The Annandale, 1, Church rd., Promenade, 1 minute from shore; special reduced terms to end of June.—Miss BASTHAM. Pronrietress.

DOUGLA.S. I.O.M.—Week's Board Residence 255., or 4s. a day ; beds 21. ; reduction for families ; near shore and trams.—Mrs. PrrEns. 8, Windsor rd,

1 ICUGLAS. MLR OF BIA.N.—Mrs. R. ANDREW, Devon- ' 1 shire "louse. Walpole Avenue. Promenade, close to Grand Hotel and Victoria Pier.

TIOUGLAS 1.-o..M.—Visitore will find comfortable homely APARTMBNTS in pleasant situation. Convenient for promenade. Trams nass end of road.—Mies JOHM3TONE, 6. Kensington rd., off Bucks rd.

DOUGLAS, MONA, CHNST, Palace rd..—Overlooking Palace grouids; splendid sea view; Comfortable APA.RTMEINITS, with or without board; beds 25.; private sitting-room.—Mrs. WATERS.

TAUBLIN EXHIBITION. —Excellent accommodation fo I) visitors ; board ; bath ; central ; moderate terms.— Write Mrs LYO`Ol, 86, Lower Gardiner at., Dublin.

DBodes st. Good accommodation for VISITORS, with or without board: cleanliness ; good cooking moderate.—Mrs, ?Than.

DIN 4 RTH.—LPdy. alone, has sitting-room, two bed- rooms (4 beds). Garden back and front. Lovely view. sea a^d mountain.--Mrs. DAVIES, Ferndale, Dyserth, North Wales.

VAUMHOUSII APARTMIINTS.—Sitting-room, oae or two 1 bedrooms ; with or without board ; close to hills, church and telegraph office; terms moderate; piano.—MlSS Cardingl on. near Church %rearm.

IUIURIIISIVID Country HOUSR ; delightfully situated; 6 rooms ; close to famous falls, near the shore.-llrs. Histior.Glen Rushen rd. Glen Maye,l.O.M.

OWLS BANK. Llantairreehan, North Wales.—Furnished klr House TO LET; two sitting, three bedrooms, (four beds), biteben, scullery, pantry. w.e.—Wiraassra.

EIBLSBY.—APARTAIHNTS for one or two Ladies or Married Connie. with or without board.—Address M. C., " liaaminer " Office. Warrineon.

HIL MUM& CUISIBBILLAND.—EIitting-room, two JUL Bed-rooms. comfortable. near Black Combe and Duddon HoLnizs. Mansion Cottage.

ROOM?, near Boutbport.—APARTMENTS, with or with cm board: bracing country and sea air; fishing.— MELLOR. Poultry Farmer, Pink Cottage. IRoole.

TRlMAND.—Fishing in Ireland; good lough and canal fishing; splendid country; board .tc., 15s. per week.— H. SSIBIGHT, Cyclists' Bar, Poyntz Pace, Co. Armagh, Ireland.

IRHLAND,—Furntebei delightful Residence, beautifully situated on brink of sea ; cheerful, bracing district summer months ; moderate.—Monßow, Ocean View, Nadu. Co. Donegal.

AKE DlSlRlOT.—Braithwaite. Keswick —FURNISHED LI HOUSE, or Apartments, facing Sklcldaw : splendid scenery; near station.—Apply F. WHITE, Spring Bank, Braithwaite, Keswick,

T LANDUDNO.—For Furnished HOUSES, state require- -I_l ments and enclose stamp to J. H. &WKS, Accountant, Lloyd st.

LANDUDNO JUNOTlON.—Dervven, Victoria Drive. 1J Superior Apartments. Bath, ac. Every comfort.—Mrs. WILLIAM.

LANDUDNO.—Pleasant APART ARNTS, lovely view, .IIJ facing South; one minute from sea and promenade. - BOUTHENDOWN, Mostyn Avenue.

T LANDUDNO.— AVARTIKHNTS near pier, promenade, 1J Happy Valley; organ, piano, bath, Src.—Tßomss, Bryn, Tee, Hill Terrace, Llandudno.

T LA.NDUDNO.—South aspect, nelr to promenade ; well- LA aired beds; bath.—Misses STLITTow, Fron Dition, llosehery Avenue. Craiv-y-don. Llandudno.

IT LANDIMNO, Springfield, Lloyd street.—Clomfortable .4 APARTMENTS. central ; two minutes to promenade and pier. Moderate terms.—Mrs. WlLLtaara.

LLANDUDNO.--Com fortable Homely APARTMHNTS, one minute Pier,Happy Valley. all amusements. Terms mocThrate.—Mrs. JoNKRR. Astoria, Liewelyn at.

LANDUDNO.—Comfortable APARI MEM, public and 1J private ; good cooking ; near sea and convenient for all amusements, Ste. —Mrs. STOCKTON. The Hollies, Clifton rd. I LANDULAS.—FURNISHBEI HOUSB for summer; in 1.1 its own grounds ; three entertaining and six bedrooms, bathroom, coach-house and stable ; near sea and station.— Address J. 8., Tyucha, Llandudlas, Abergele.

T LANFAIRFHC HAN, NORTH WALREL—APARTMSNTS, ..11.4 Golf, safe bathing. Close to sea. Moderate terms.-- Mrs. Lgwis 2, Marine Terrace.

T LANGOLLHN.—APARTNIRNTS, public or prtvate ; _LI board optional; beds from 2s. two persont.—Mrs WILLIAMS. Woodville House (near Station).

I LANGOLLEN.—A.BATITMIiNTS, splendid view over- looking river; piano; bath, &C.; terms moderate.— Mrs WILLIAMS, Wooelvil'e Rouse, near station.

T 0014 AW ARGYINSHI RH.— For 6tpiember, 001 TG containinz two hitting, floe bed rooms, bathroom lthchen, scullery, wash-house ; boat, free fishing.—Dow.

lONDON.—Superior APARTINIHNTS for visitors by day ,1 or week ; moderato terms ; board optional : quiet, central.—Write requirements MANAGER., 41, Bernard at., Russell square.

• I YTH &M.—Comfortable COTTAGB APARTMHNTS, 14 Sittingroorn, Dooble-bedded room. Bath, Central.—Mr. D. 2dYEßsco, North Clifton at.

AT MAWR FARM. Trefriw, North WaIes.—APART- -IYI MENTS ; mountain view; good fishing.—Mrs. WILLIAMR.

Air ORAOAM BEL—Comfortable APAtT UNTS, ;Jose to LVI sea and West Pier; terms moderxte.—Mrs. WILSON, 17 Parliament st.

ATORNCAMBIS (W.E.)—APARTAHN l, publie or private 1 Near Sea, Pier. Terms, 2s. per bed.—Mrs. ROURKE ln, Parliament at.

MORECAMBH.—Clomfortable APAIITfaItiIIES, near sea and pier. Rath. Piano.—Misses LANGESTRETII. 63, Albert rd., W.B.

MOURCAM BM—Comfortable APARTMEINTS near pier ; good cycle accommodation.—Mrs. TORKINGTON; 104, Chatsworth rd., W.

ORMOAMBII.—MrB. STEVE‘BON, Tbe Herbal Hydro 21, 01 Button rd., Pnblic and private APAILTitiNNTS, near . and pier. Terms moderate.

ORBOAMEIR, W.H.—APARTIVINTS, public. or private; 11 near promenade ; pianos ; bath ;I moderate.—Mrs. WILenoN 9a, Westminster rd.

OFiIifJAMBH.—For Comfortsle APARTMIINTS at .0.1. reasonable terms apply Mrs. RONSON, 22. Kensington rd.; 2 minutes from L. and N.W. Hallway and 5 from shore.

MORECA.MBR, W.B.—AlexandrA tfou,e, Winterdyne- terrace. Superior APARTvIIiNTA or Board. Close to promenade and pier. Sea and mountain viewe.—Kre. HOLGATE.

9113artbuntg, furntobeb 1i0u5e55 ttr

MRS. PILLING. Healey House, 47. Livingstone rd., Off Hornby rd.. Blackpool. Near Station. Trams. and Sea.

V OBPOLK BROAD9.—Pleasure Wherry to let Large I.‘ Saloon Plano. Three sleeping eabIna.—ARCIDIA. Oulton Brovl.

XTORTH NORFOLK SBA. COAST.—Vaeanev for Farming 1.1 Pupil or Paying Guest. on 1,00 acre farm ; golf, boat- ing, fishing, shooting.—G. HUDSON', Blakeney, Norfolk.

IDIiNZ kNOß.—ldeal 11111 day centric; excellent boarcl reedence; sea front; from 21s.—" exxv.srion," Regent Terrace.

-ThrVLLHHLT.—Comfortabis AP k RTIK ,ItifTS, facing sea 1 good cooking: golf and tennis close by.—Mrs. BEES JONT4S. Bryn Birvr.

R ED COITUS, Harmer Hill. near Shrewsbury.—APAßT- MßSTE3, pleasantly situated in most healthy part of Shropshire: horse and trap; terms moderate. Proprietor,A. ALDRED. Terms on Application.

.1) HOSNEIGR.AINGLI3IBI3Y.--Comlortable APARTSHINTS, 14 good cooking. River, lake, sea (5 minutes). Golf, boating, bathing. tishing.—Mra. ROLYER. Pantiles.

QBASIDN, near Southport. Holiday APARTMECNTS. CI Bedroom and sitting-room. 255. weekly. Bath.—gre. JoNas. "Sea Verge." Shore rd.. near 0.14. Statiou and lea.

Q OUTHPO RT. —APASTMEINTi. near illuminations ; bath, L" piano ; terms moderate.—Mrs. LOCKETT, 68a, Bastbank at. Q OUTHPORT.—ComfortAble APARTMHNTS, near station; good cooking; terms moderate.— Mrs. CROSB, 17 Tulketh at.

OllTHPORT.—Furnished HOUSE: Angost : 3 sitting, cl 6 bed rooms : garden ; moderate rent.-36, ALIXANDRA BD.. SOIIMPOrt.

QOUTH OF SCOTLAND.—APARTMIINTB, Summer 0 months, attendance optional. Lovely situation. Near Lupe Bay.-11xxity, Navarre, Glenview, ulenluce Pligtownehire.

QT. ANlVHS.—Comfortable APARTVIIINTS ; term U 3 moderate; near station and sea.—Mrs. S,INGLEfrots, 40 St. Alban's rd.

QT. ANNES-ON-SBA.--Comfortable APASTMHNTS, near Li station; bath and piano. —Mrs, RAWSTRON, Lyndene, Springfield rd.

QT. ANNHS-ON-SRA.—Snperior APART3IfiirS ; central position; 3 minutes, pier and station.—Thutr, "Grasmere," 6, All Saints rd.

ToB LET, Puatirrsuno, OHARGRLEY MANOR, EI Clitheroe ; beautifully situated, and containing three entertaining and ten bedrooms; bath; tennis and croquet lawns; garden; stable ; 500 acres of mixed shooting (good coverts) ; 1i mile of salmon and trout fishing.—W, WINSTANLEY, Wrea Green, Kirkham. T"QUAY.—Oomfortable Furnished APARTMHNTS. Large Sitting Room and Bedroom, (central). Trams pass the door.—Mrs. SKINNER. 186, Union at.. Torquay "ITALR OF OLWYD.—Sittinsr, three bedrooms; piano; V fishing; good cooking.—Joxxs, Clwyd Dale, Rhiw, Ruthin, Blyarth Station.

HITEHEAD. IRELAND.—Seaside APARTMEILITS for V V summer months, with or without board. Use of piano if desired. Terms moderate.—Mrs. lawiNg, 3 Windsor Terrace.

-ILTOUNG man wishes for very clean board and lodging. in 1. country town or seaside. He is slightly crippled, quiet, teetotaller, and eats very little. Can only offer be. per week No postcards.—' Z,' Box 4679, 0/3 SHARRow & THATCHZII, Holborn Phoe, London, W.O.

T KNOW from experience that over 70 per cent- of Bye Diseases are caused by errors in refraction. This large per centage could be entire eliminated if the correct lenses were adpoted In time. JOHNSTON WATSON, EYESIGHT SPECIALIST. 84, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON. Low prices and satisfaction guaranteed. JOHNSTON WATSON Is an NYESIGHT & SPEC/TAME SPEC/UMW.

GA RNETT'S "NEW DEPARTMENT" to suit all classes. Call and look through the new premises adjoining the old show- rooms SANKEY STREET. GARNETT'S•

E tit Oramtner gitrfes THIS WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER 1 published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Piper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Pei:Meth, Winwiek. Padgate, Lymna, Ac., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. MEE RUINCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday 1 morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facllltiee to Advertisers. MEE WIDNES EXAMINER. published every Saturday 1 morning. Widnes contains the largest nnmber of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. rpHR RAILESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER 1 published every Saturday morning The Largest Loca Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le Willows, Golborne, Havdock, Lowton, Ac. The district the' comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire c)al- - • glint ST. HELENS EXlS.llllrisal. published every 1 Saturday morning ,eirculating in St. Helene, Preston Parr, Sutton. Peasley Cross, &e.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID A DVERTISESIENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLA7RINTS %NTS ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION. One Three Six Thirteen Words, Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 64. ... is. 3d. ... Is. Od. ... 3s. 94. 27 ls. 104. ... 3s. 04. ... ss. Od. 36 ... Is. 01. ... 2s. 6cl. ... 4s. Od. 61. Od. 45 ... Is. 31. 3s. 101. ... 6e. 04. ... 7e. Od. 54 ... Is. 64. ... 3s. 84. ... ... 10s. Od

THE EXAMINER( JUNR 22nd. 1907

We HODGKINSON LTD. WASHING VOILES IN NEWEST STRIPES DAINTY FAST COLOURS, is. EMBROIDERED SWISS MUSLINS k 6113. TO IS. Tin. PER YARD. 7BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

FOR SuILR WEAR. We are now showing a smart and carefully-seleoted stock of Prints, Striped and Check Zephyrs, Detainee, Voiles and Mustins at remarkably low prices. Japanese Silks, from Is. Old. fper yard. Mercerised Lawns in cream and all the latest shades at 6td. (double width). Moire and Cotton Underskirts from Is. 111 d. Best value obtainable. Call and see any of the above. You will not be pressed to buy at the • e SITE HOUSE, SA.NKBY SWUM, W e T. W- iLLIA.3IS.

Dr. BAKER'S BACKACKE PELLETS Are a new remedy, which have a marvellous effect in curing Backache, Lumbago, Gout, Rheu- matism, Sciatica, and all diseases of the Kidneys, etc. If you suffer, take one pelletthree times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses you will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain of Backache (to. . A Sufferer says :—" I obtained quick relief from a terrible backache after taking a few doses of Dr. Baker's Backache Pellets. ----1 I Write at once enclosing 12 stamps for one box or 33 stamps for 3 boxes to '1- Plee DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE Co., !/ l'‘3, NILSON SQUARE, SOUTIIWIRK, LONDON, S.E.

_ 1 4i.....,, EM s ' OC°4 . ate - '44::' 0 MILK ' Atir I 1 \ , - Wighesr , ~ .::::-_-_-_-::: , , . , giword or fkriiv:

• , •-• e: .. 0000 fi:*/ fr _ 41). fte 1 s 11l I MASON'S 'Watt- '''*:' 0;1/,', ~••• , .is----- 9-. ); v , -, , _O, , 4 ) r4:4--;-.."!,,,,rH-:-.=--;:;,,... Zi--.4-if' , ,-i . ,:.......„‘........,.....,- -..., -.__ ..„.........„,,,,,,A„,.... ~ ..,.....„_....,.....,,,..,..„..,______,.. ip4.....„,,_,.._,•„__• _....„ . .....,,..„,..,_ ~.„._,:„.,,,..„.,...„.,...._.„.,. • . _____

new Te MKRT GALLONS o BOTANIC BEER IN YOUR HOME. Mason's Extract of Herbs . 0 0 5 Sugar . 0091 Yeast or Harm . m 0 0 i. /775-I—ir 2d. PER GALLON. o 0 2

" SKIPPER " SARDI',,ES are a revelation in daintiness— wholesome, too. Palate-captivating " fishlets," quite unlike ordinary Sardines. Sixpence and your grocer's name and address will bring you a dainty pack- age post free, if he has not got them. write—ANGUS WATSON & CO., Newcastla-on-Tyne. Cam, 13,611 and k Co.. Sturazicer, Norway.

Goddard- -11‘• Powder Tor aeaning SilverEleetroNare.lo 'sold everywhere tfr We. &

tiVIONALTELEPHONS Mos • _ •

• it. ' ' ' '. j •'• ~4-! '''' 1 , \'`. ..\ , .'/. ,' --- - ' 4, .. t , • 4,..„ • , i 1 .1 --••••" ' ..4.A., ;4.., j'111,4, f' I • ' ' $..1 0 :,..( "4 • ~ , 4,•...,; ;1. ..-C tw.t.ta I 1 "" \ ,I,c •:. . . --',. • „,' 4 W--- •-. = ''' '!*. - - -._ k"- '-i,i: . • .: " T. 3 . • . -b 41' .., 4, :- 7.7: ,--7.1).• 'cm ..,.., e• • _ e ,-,11,..., , • ~,. -, qt....-- 44:•;,„. , ::',7C ,-., j-ri _ 2., r . -%: g v ',V, 'A" 1-1•1".--..--: --. r: co -0-t:L ;IP .---....,- • . 5.:,. • , . e • ilk e si:a, Fora.K.D • . _ BOWLING GREENS. gr. ..... _ 42.SACKVIIII STREET MANCHESTER. •••••••••• WSW - -

TQ Prevert Sick-Headache on land or sea—to correct sensations of giddiness—to remove the biliousness caused by change of diet—change of air—change of environment—you must take BEECHAM'S PILLS. You will then lose all your "liverishness," have no more pain after eating, and your sick headache and giddiness will vanish. It is impossible To njoy lio4o lolilay if you are out of sorts. A box of BEECHAM'S PILLS will take up very little room in your travelling bap, and you never know when they will come in handy and most probably save you much suffering and expense. If you find that the change of living does not agree with you, or your appetite is not what it should be, you can at once put yourself right if you TAKE azig. ,iP riAti 5 •

TaEVk ANT O THE RAY. CRITCHLEYS STARCH GLOSS No More SOFT LINEN vhen Starched. Used in the Royal Laundries. Ebould bet nsed in every house. ONCE TRIED, ALWAYS TRIED. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW. The greatest boon ever cffered to the Laundress for imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linen. Lsces, etc. It does not stick to sr ider-web like materials. sold by Grocers, Chemists. Stores, etc. in packets at Id., 3d,, and 6d. each. PREPARED BY T. CRITCHLEY, CHEMIST, BLA,;EBURN.

agt. 00, • -

HOR LICK'S MEANS MALTED MILK, AND MALTED MILK IS THE BEST FOOD FOR ALL AGES. REQUIRES NO COOKING Samples, 34, Farringdon Road, London, E.C.

LADIES' LATEST HAIR COMM Set of 3, Post Free, 1/i. Lovely Decoration. Mention paw,. • MANAGER, BiIIARBANK, THETFORD. ,EvERy LADY likes a nice bracelet, and every lady likes a bargain.. . iLI We offer, for Si. ed. post free,4 very hastdsonse a carat Rolled Gold Curb Bracelet, with padlock, and safety . • 1/4 chain complete frarranted to years). Satisfaction ,r 4 guaranteed or money returned. • • WHOLESALE AGENCY COMPANY, . • , North-Western Buildings, LIVERPOOL.

BOTANIC To m ake 8 Gallons Prime Beer In your Home BEER A .. ct. Mason's F.xtract of Herbs 0 * 5 - Sugar - - - - o 0 91 Yeast or I:aril - - ao ti Sod to-day id. Mann) to cover postage, - myrs $) ....4...t. ON TIRMVING," which 0 0 2 contains much valuable LI 2D. PER GALLON• iniormation. Norwball ct Mason, Nottingham.

IVEN AWAY FREE! ,rewr:f:d Illuvtqiitroomf 62 sso Eadie's and B.S.A. In stock. 150 Motor Cars, great bargAins. Send CYCLES. u'0rr,..'",d`..",d.7.e..7.-„l„i'ruls..°".;:e„,. wanted. 50 per cent. cheaper than others. Every accessory in S..ct. Don't miss sending P.C. for List. ERNE TO ALL WARRILOW & CO. Wes on-suer-Mare, En g. ARIZONA LIFE FLUID OR CHIEF'S CURS. THR 11.41511 MY OF THE SOUTH AMERICAN IMDIANIf. Gives immediate relief to sufferers from Rheumathrn, Neuralgia, Sciatica, Lumbat, Tnroot and Chest Ailments, Sprains, Strains and Bruises. Arliona Lie, Fluid is invalu- able to Athletes, Price par bottle. Is. 9,1. carriage paid. Free Sample Bottle, 2d. for posture. ARIZONA LIFE FLUID CO.. Tnis Game, STAFFORD, AND 4s. Brow HILL, Bisattwonam.

DISINIPBCT WITH SNOWDOL FLUID & POWDERS MANY TUBBS MORN RIFYBOTIVI4 THAN CARBOLIC ACID. To az OBTAINID TAW ALL CHBMUM OB THE SNOWDON, SONS SONS CO., LTD., PILLWALL, B. • 16fit' P 3:) t' ttr^-air i I I
