===== 0002601_19070420_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WM. M'CLEA.N & SONS,

MONAGHAN IRELAND DRALBRS IN FIRST-CLASS ILISH HUNTERS AND CARRIAOR HORSES AND JOB MASTIIRS. We beg to thank the Gentry of;Liverpool and surrounding districts for their past patronage since opening"our

===== 0002601_19070420_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVERPOOL BRANCH:

SANDON MEWS, 80, EGERTON ST. where owing to the increasing demand for our Speciality in High-class Clerriage and Hunting Horses, and to supply this demand we have completed extensPre alterations, and trust, by strict and personal supervision of business, to retain the confidence in the future as in the past of our numerous Patrons. Also soliciting the favour of those in want of good, sound, High-class Trish Horses, at moderate prices.to entrust us with their requirements, our sole aim being attention and entire satisfaction in our dealings with customers.

CANADA B 1 OCHAN C, FM SHORTEST AB

SPIRD.

riAFETY.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
COMFORT

No 1570

ALLAN LINF.—THE ACME OF 'JAPniIT IS ATTUNND IN THE 3T TURBINH STEAMERS. D CHRAPFST ROUTK TO ALL PARTS OF CANAD 4. & WESTERN STATES. Unsurpassed Accommodation Excellent Cuisine. Details re Work and Wages. Apply ALLANS, IC3, LEADRNRALL STRITET, ane bi, PALL MALL LoNDON ; 19, JAMBS ETRHET. LIVERPOOL ; or Local Agents.

RELIANch; PIIONuGgAPHS.

RELIANCE 11ALKING MACHINES

W H °LES ALE AGENTS FOR T A. EDISON PHONOGRAPHS. 90,090 REOORDS L &WIEST STOCK. Wholesale Catalogues. CHIMP ST PRICES. Ileiiance Great Stores. (lash or 2*. per week. 29 AND 31, MANCHESTER STREET, LIVRRPOOL. CYCLII AND MOTOR ENGIN/MTN. Estab. 1881 Telephone Central 5822.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUst. NDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FRMALPI HAVE HAD A WORLD-W/DR REPUTATION AS A BOON 'lO WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anaemia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite,Hysteria,PalPitation of the Heart. Debility. Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9d. is. lid.. 24 9d.45. 6d. and 11s. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPATION CURE. A positive Specific for Piles and Constipation, and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- plaint. Bottles 2/9. 4/6. 11/-, by post 3d. extra, 309 PoRTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON, W. (Only ,dri,•o4.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
LA-1 t.:•N

ONE PENNY •

sAavurmAY, APRIL 20, 1907.

ituitultural *Oat, iillant6, Su

()ROHM% 1000 orchids for sale at is. each. List sent.— R. TWIRSIIi. Limerick.

IWARP BOX Rooted Slips. 100 Is, 6(-1, Free Wt.—Miss II 1 Meeg Tam?, Wellb,nnk. Frwthforrl Kilkenny.

DLANT now. lovely rarity. 'lnert& liepens ; exquisite White .preve two, is —Row. Arklow. Trelan I.

90MM:014.5 strong plants. Holmes supreme up-to-date 1 12 is. 4d. Free.—STtocr.arm.Baston. Portland.

800 PRIZ it SWIM' FBAS. lisitford's mixed Varieties, 7(1. free, nn rubbish.— ivells.qeed.tmen, Rromvard

MANURE lANURES.

JAMES 170014 R LTDI MANURE MANLz.t-CTURERR. LONGFORD WORKS. 'AItRINGTON.

'TeIegIiIMS—TOOLE. LONGFORD vrORS WARRINGTON. Telephone, No. 299. BLOOD AND BOLi MANURB

I. the most valuable known, and .ne of the beet Fertilizer a

on th-e mar•et. L-PECIAL CONCIINTRATED 3RGANIC AUBURN. Analysis—A Mrotolna. .4 to 5 percent. PHOtPRATES 18 to 20 per cent. Price £5 per ton (Free on Rails Warrington). 8114 JAL COMPOUND MANURB. Analysis—A atatoNlA 2to 3 per cent. PIiotPH&TEB 5 to 8 per cent. Price £3 per ton (Free ol Rails Warrington) bpecial Discount for Cash and Large Quantities.

By POST } 736 per Quarter- 5s 6d per annum is 9d -2per Qaarter credit

===== 0002601_19070420_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
WAREHOUSE

A SAVING OF 20%

FURNISH AT

WHOLESALE

PRICES.

8 NEW BROWN ST., i 3 MARKET Doors from s CATALOGUES TREE.MANCHESTER i

===== 0002601_19070420_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
TEETH • RR-°PiiNING ANNOUNCEMBNT

BXORS. OF TEETH TEETH J. IT. PA RKINSON, MANOEIBSTBR. TEETH HAVB OPHRBD AT TEETH 14, SA NKEY ST., TEETH WARRINGTON, TEETH /MIRY WBDNRSDAY 11 to 7 TEETH Branches at CERWR, NORTEIWIOff TEETH and WINSFORD. (See Local Papers)

BVIMY S&TURDAY 11 to 5.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
Vat titersbio,%. Ctiefinewos.

P Nfit,l.o.Ns PURCHAStN(4 RUSIN t43-st+',S can be accommodated with Capital at ....usußtcs ANn 03., 31, Cairo at.. Warrington.

ORTH WIOH.--Spiendid TABAOCO and STILTIONNRY. -1 Good living; at vainition.

DRAPERY and MIXED BUSINESS; at valuation.

FIIP and FISH, doing a nice business. Everything £l3. Will teach the trade.

NI ILK ROUND and DAIRY. doing 13 dozen; with nutlYs JL float. &c.; price £135 (genuine).—Apply COWDELL, Business Agent, Legh et., Warrington.

OHIP POTATO RUSINN,s FOR SALR,—Apply 55, LORD ki NFLEioN ST.. Howley, Warrington.

lIAIRDRIISSING and TOBACCO BUSINSS4 for Sate bargain.—Apply 125, ORNSICIRK RD Wigan.

pTNIIRSHIP,—MineraI water manufacturer m 241 ale bottler at Malvern desires active partner with £1,5C0 cspital —HARRISON Solicitor, Worcester.

pr WILL BE GIVEN by advertiser to anyone who is (lit/ able to introduce a suitable MILK BUSINESS; not particular to size.—Address B?.38, Hvgitt,G NEWS" OFFICE. Manchester.

1 10s. wERKI.Y P,ROFIP sinarante.d Fish, Ohios. I Peas. Good position. good house rps-t, low rent. Chesp £45. Address B. 438, '• Malchester Msrenirsz Ohr3ulate Office, Manchester.

QM4LLWARICS AND HABRELDASIIHRY.—SpecisI Penny 1.1 Lines for market men and shops. 7s. 6d. per gross, carriage paid on receipt of 1,.0. from Aprgr.ntumA Co., 46, Dante° at.. Blanchester.

j 0 fIN BROWN, 34, sOUTH JOHN 6T LIVERPOOL. TEL. 179 Y CENTRAL, HAS A VARIETY OF BUSINESSEi ON HAND TO SUIT ALL CLASSES OF BUYERS.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
fßotten

£5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £loo.w A DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES. El. MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay hack. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. TOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. .Mirrecies : JOHN E. GOOD WIN. .B.—Established at thii Address Twenty Years.

rIABII ACCOMMOD ITION, to gal respectable and trustworthy persons, on these terms : £5 Repay £5 128. Rd. £lO ~ £ll 58. Od. £lh £'o £3O £SO £.OO

Call or write to Actual -Lender, W. JACKSOIV, 26, CORPORATION ST. 1114,NCHITHTTIP.

Tel.. VV.

TO £S,OOO.—WHY ! WRY!! WRY ! ! 101.01 sell, pawn or let your friends know that you are short of a little ready cash. We have plenty of money, and are willing to lend you part of it at a very low rate of interest and an easy repayment can be arranged according to your income. £5 loan l/6 weekly I £to !oan - weekly £lO loan .3/- weekly £4) loan 10/- weekly larger sums in same proportion, other terms as mutually agreed upon. Don't Pay 2/6 in the 2 for a month. So don't fail to give us a call or write and convince yourself that our terms cannot be beaten. —APPLY To 11AURIC 9 & CO.. 31, CMRO St., WARRINGTON. MISS COTTRRILL. MANAGEREBB. N.B,—Read this carefully. that you cannot understand, we will explain; we mean nothing but honeat and straight- forward dealings. Letters promptly attended too.

VIONEY LENT AT SHORT NOTICE: ADVANORS of large or small amounts (not less than £10) granted WITHOU7 IMLAY on promissory note only. NO BILLS OF SALA TAKRN. MODERATR TERMS. NO APPLICATION Fllll3. BUSINIOS CONDUOTHO STRAIGHTFORWAXDLY. Full information supplied either personAliv or by post PRIM OF 00iT, and all enquiries TRRATBD WlTf CONIIDRNOB. Repayments arranged to suit borrower's convenience. Apply to : GEORGE PAYNE 8c SONS, 20, KENNEDY ST., COOPER ST., MANCHESTER. OR 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. HSTABLISEIBD 1870.

(ESTABLISHRD 1837). min] NATIONAL LOAN SOCIETY IS EXPRESSLY ESTABLISHED AND FIRGIiTRIIRD pintsumirr TO ACT OF PARLIAMENT TO MAKI( PRIVATH ADVA.NORF, WITHOUT LOAN OFFICE FORMALITIRS TO ALL CLASSES (MALE OH FRMALR).

===== 0002601_19070420_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM £lO TO £l,OOO,

ON SIMPLE WRITTEN eROMNIITO REPAY, FOR ANY IMMELIATE WANT TO START IN BUSINESS, FURNISH YOUR HMIs% TO PAY RENT CIR RATES, OR FOR ANY 1 PRIVATE uSig. THE ADVANCE CAN BE PAID BACK BY EASY INSTALMENTS, OR CAN REMAIN OUT FROM ONE TO FIVE YEARS By PAYING THE INTERE4T ONLY. HAVING A LARGE CAPITAL ALwAYS READY FOR INVESTMENT. WE CAN LEND QuIcKLY AND CHEAPLY. DISTANCE NO OBJECT, INfIIIiEST AND REPAYMEeT4 LOWEST IN H vitt. AND OR WALES. THE MONEY Is ADVANCED AT APPLICANT.J OWN HOUSE IF IitIQUIRED. THUS SAVING THEM THE TROUBLE AND EXPENSE OF A JOURNEY. STRICT PRIVACY AND STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS GUARANTEED. IT WILL COST YOU NOTHING. IT WILL SAVE YOU* POUNDS BY APPLYING HITHER PRRSoNALLY.OR BY LETTER FOR OUR FREE PROSPECTUS TO THE NATIONAL LOAN SOCIIIIY, 41, CORPORATION ST., MANCHESTER. ell 2 NATIONAL 1 BLEPHONB- -60x5.

LOANS, PRIVATELY AND WITHOUT DELAY

PROM £5 UPWARDS, GRANTED TO HOUSEHOLDBRS, SHOPKEEPERS AND OTHER RESPECTABLE PERSONS UPON NOTE OF HAND ALONE. AT MODBRATB CHARGES AND RE-PAYSIENT TO SUIT BORROWER'S CONVENIENCB. APPLY IN CONFIDENCE,

MRS. J. BARR ( ‘IANAGERESS),

I, CHESTER ROAD, WARRINGTON.

HONOURABLE DBALINGS GUARANTERD.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS', 2, KING-STREET, HANLICY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CH E-3TER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSOUY NOTE.. DA 11 TIES 'wishing for temporary CASH ADVANJES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROW ER. NO BILLS OF tIALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THWTRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY,NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE' SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS.. REOSIVE IMMEDIATE ATTBYTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative siiii call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely knowil nd my reputation stands unrivalled

Ms. HOS. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT,

''EXMAINER " OFFICE,

33, MARKET STREET, HAELBSTOWN.

FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS.

JOHN WALKER AND Co., Bewsey St., Warrington. PRINTERS, LITHOGRAPHERS: BOOKBINDERS, PAPER-RULERS. SPECIALITY : ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION. BALANCE SHEETS

ALWAYS USE IVIcDOUGALL'S Patent SELF—RAISING FLOUR IT IS THE BEST. • ,• WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. PARISH COUNCIL MEETINGS. carried. Mr. Ashton seconded Mr. Jenkin's motion, which was Election of Chairman and Padgate. STOCKT9N HEATH. The annual meeting of the Parish Council for Padgafe was held on Monday evening in the schoolroom. There Vice-Chairman. were present :—Dr. Bennett (in the chair), and Messrs. • P. Denham, James Houghton, a. floult, D. Gorton, E. Proposed Recreation Ground. Dennett and F. Wright (clerk The annual meeting of the Stockton Heath Parish BOOKING OFFICE AT TEIE STATION. Council was held on Tuesday eveaing at the Hall Cafe The Clerk reported that he had received from the when there were present :—Maesrs. J. W. Botichier, J Cheshire Lines Committee a reply to the Council's H. Clarke, J. Hallows, EL J. Westbrook,T. R. Westbrook. letter asking that a booking office should be provided J. Hallows, F. Pearson, G. Brown, J. Mynekyme, J. on the south side of Padgate Station. The railway McDermid and E. Bradshaw (clerk), company pointed out that there were other wants on Mr. T. R. Westbrook proposed, Mr. H, J. West- the Cheshire Lines, and said Padgate must take its turn brook seconded,and Mr. Clarke supported the re-election in receiving attention. of Kr. Bonchier as chairman. Dr. Bennett Ni as re-elected chairman and Mr. The motion was carried unanimously. Denham vice-chairmen. ; THE PROPOSED NEW SCHOOL. Messrs. Walker, Denham and Houghton were re-elected overseers. The clerk read a letter which the Board of Education The Chairman, Vice-Chairman, and Mr. Gorton were had forwarded to the Cheshire Education Authority in response to a letter received from the Clerk to the appointed the Finance Committee. Stockton Heath Parish Council written on behalf of the On the proposition of Mr. Dennett, seconded by Mr. petitioners in the parish, in regard to the proposed new Hoult f Mr. G. Mather was nominated ae the represents- Council school. The letter stated :—" lam to inform tive o the .parish on the County Council Education Sub-committee the authority that, after further considering the matter, the Board are not prepared to delay any longer their emedree On th t. of Mr Denham seconded by Mr decision as to the necessity of the proposed Connell, Houghton. Bennett ' was re-elected a manager of Padgate School, as representing the Council. school, and they therefore decide under Section 9 of the Education Act, 1902,that the proposed school mentioned SUGGESTED PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE. in the notices issued on 16th May, 1905' is necessary ' A resolution passed at the recent parish meeting ask within the meaning of that section. The Anthotity ing the Council to consider the question of the forma- will doubtless consider the suggeston made in Mr. tion of a Parochial Committee, and, if considered advis- Bradshaw's letter as to the possibility of the National able, to take steps to endeavour to get one formed, was School being improved when formulating their plans for the building of the new school."I It was resolved that in the opinion of the Council The Chairman said the moaning of the letter, he took , the necessity for a Parochial Committee had not yet read. • . it, was that the Board were leaving the matter in the , arisen, and it would not aethe present time be advisable hands of the Administrative Sub-committee of the to form one in view of the expense which would be County Council for plans of the proposed alteration of involved. the present school to be submitted, and if adopted ) THE LIGHTING OF THE PARISH. sent on to the Beard of Education. The school! Another resolution passed at the parish meeting, ask. managers had a meeting about a month ago, and plans ; ing the Council to ascertain from the Rural Council were then submitted for certain, alterations to the whether they were willing to transfer their powers and present school, making accommodation for 150 boys, . duties in relation to the pnblic lighting of the parish 150 girls and 150 infants, that being ele agreement by allowing the parish to adopt the Lighting and Watch- arrived at between the sub-committee appointed to ing Act, was submitted. meet the Administrative Sub-committee of Runcorn. I The Clerk said that application had prieviously been It was then decided that if they could make the altera- ; made, and • had bean refused. tions to the present school, a school for 500 would be ! The Chairman said that was at a time when the Rural immediately gone on with, and the first scheme of a Council felt they could not trust the parish to look school for 800 would not be carried out. The plans had ' after affairs. Now the Rural Council looked upon the been in the hands of the County Council for about a Parish Conucil as a body of men intent on looking after ' fortnight. They would be sent from there to the the interests of the parish, and they were more often Administrative Sub-committee, and if--as he believed than not glad to delegate those powers. If the Parish they would—they sanctioned those plans, then it was Council got the powers they would have the fixing of certain they would keep on the present schools for 450, their own lamps, but on the other hand the question and the new school would be built to accommodate 500 was. Weald they get the same terms from the War- -(Hear, hear.) He (the Chairman) considered the letter rington Gas Committee as the Rural Council did? from the Board of Education was curt. It told them It was decided to make application to the Rural distinctly, that, as far as the Parish Council were con- Council for a transfer of the powers as suggested. cerned, they had finished with the matter. Penketh. Mr. Clarke moved that the Parish Council notify the At the annual meeting of this Council, held on Mon. Administrative Sub-committee of their approval of the day night, there were present—Messrs. Ditchtleld, building of a new school for 500 children, providing the present school was made suitable for accommodat- ing 450. Mr. Warburton seconded, Mr. T. R. Westbrook said if they threw away the accommodation of the present school they would throw away a valuable assest. They had better build a school for 500 now, and increase if they wanted to, later on, and not build a school for 800. Mr. H. J. Westbrook said he was a Member of the sub-committee, and there was a strong feeling that it would be absurd to throw away whatever value they had in the present school. The school would be adopted by the committee if brought up to modern require- ments ; if not it would be discarded and a school for 300 would be built. There was a strong feeling on the sub-committee from the ratepayers' point of view that they ought to consider the managers' pleas. - The resolution was passed. Mr. Bouchier was re-appointed representative manager of the National School. The Chairman complained that for a period of eight months there was not a meeting of the managers. He thought the business ought to be conducted by the whole of the managers and not by one individual. Mr. H. J. Westbrook said if it would strengthen the Chairman's hands he would propose a resolution that they expected the business of the school to be carried out in a busidesselike manner by business men. SHIP CANAL HOARDINGS. It was reported that no reply had been received from the Ship Canal Company to the letter with reference to the removal of the hoardings near the Ship Canal Bridge. The Clerk was instructed ro write to the Company asking for a reply. THE OVERSEERS. Messrs. J. Maley, F. Warburton and F. Pearson were appointed overseers, and Mr. Whitley was heartily thanked for the way in which he had discharged his duties during the past year. THE CLERK'S SALARY INCREASED. It was decided to increase the remuneration of Mr. Bradshaw as assistant overseer and clerk from £66 to Zee per annum. PROPOSED RECREATION GROUND. The Chairman said it had been suggested that a fairly large piece of land should be taken, as near the centre of the village as they could get,it to make a recreation ground. It was also suggested as an alternative that three smaller plots should be taken to serve different parts of the district. For a recreation ground that would serve the whole parish they needed five or six acres. He suggested that a sub-committee be formed to ascertain the price of suitable land for the purpose. If there were any generous-minded landowners about who would give a plot of land it would be a great relief to the parish. - Mr. Brown: And it would perpetuate their memory. The Chairman added that they were all agreed as to the necessity of a recreation ground, mild the sooner they got it the better. Mr. Pearson said the question had been before them more than once, and they ascertained the price of "land which was though to be available. Mr. Egerton- Warburton quoted a price for the field behind the Church Room, and also for a small field below Stockton Quay Canal. He did not remember what it was, and he suggested they should make application again. Mr. Hallows said it would be a heavy burden to have three small grounds and thought it would be cheaper to have one large recreation ground. Mr. H. J. Westbrook said he was not an opponent of a recreation ground. Recreation grounds were all very well if they could get the children into them, but from what he had observed the children preferred to play in the street nearest to their back or front door. What fraction of the child population of Warrington utilized the recreation ground in Warrington Parks? One of the nines the sub-committee ought to inquire about was what the experience of other districts was. There were practical difficulties, and they might havcea recrea- tion grouni which would be in the nature of a white elephant. He did not say it would be. Mr. McDermid suggested that they should have a decent public park and recreation ground. The cost would be spread over sixty years, and while they would not be over-burdening themselves they would be con- ferring a benefit on those who came after them. Mr. Mynekyme said they ought to got as large a piece of ground as possible, on the best terms. He did not think the land behind the Church Room would be large enough. The best site would be down the Hollow. It was nicely situated for a small park. Messrs. Brown, elynekyme, MoDerrnid, H. J. West- brook, and the Chairman were appointed a sub-com- mittee to inquire into the matter and report. Grappenhall. ASSISTANT OVERSEER RESIGNS. The annual meeting of the Grappenhall Parish Council was held in the National School, Grappenhall, on, Tuesday evening, when there were present :—Messrs. J. Charlton Parr, A. Lister-Kaye,Thomas Ireland,Lawrence Belton, F. W. Wareing, William Taylor. S. A. Jenkins William Bacon, Thomas Collins, George Ashton and S. J. Woodcock (clerk). Mr. Wareing proposed the re-election of Mr. Parr as chairman for the ensuina year. Mr. Lister-Kaye seconded, and the motion was carried unanimously. !_ A letter was read from Mr. S. J. Woodcock resiening Ifs position as assistant oversrerand clerk to the Parish i Council, awl on the motion of Mr. Wareing' seconded I by Mr. Lister-Kaye, it was accepted to take effect on. ! the appointment of the new assistant overseer. es O tthemotionof Mr. Wareing, seconded by Mr. s I Jenkins, it was decided that advertisements be inserted ton in thesf local papers asking for candidates for the posi- Jon t assistant overseer of Grappenhall, the applica- o be forwarded to the chairman f the I) • h o e arm Council. Mr. Jenkins moved that the salary be fixed at .£4o.

The first meeting of the newly-elected Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday. There were present :—Rev. T. R. Matthews, Rev. M. Ryan, Mrs. Simpson, Mrs. Wilkinson, Dr. Patterson, Dr. Murray, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, R. Forshaw, J. Billinge, W. Gill, J. Evans, R. Bolton, W. Shinier, W. C. Brooks, M. W. Seton, W. Flannagan, J. Cook, G. Mather J. Backhouse, W. Houghton, A. Brooks, J. C. Sutton (clerk), J. F. Awbery (master), and A Wright (superintendent of Padgate schools). MRS. CLAY'S RETIRENIENT. The CLERK read the following letter from Mrs. Clay :—" I have great pleasure in acknowledging the receipt of your letter of the 4th inst., conveying to me the thanks of the Board for my services as a Guardian for the past twelve years. I should like to take this opportunity of expressing my appreciation of the kind- ness and consideration I have received from every indi- vidual member during that period. For your personal acknowledgment of my services I am especiallygratefal and pleased that such cordial relations have existed during my term of office. I sincerely trust and hope that you will have the best of health to enable you to serve the Board in the very excellent manner which has characterized your work for so many years." THE NEW CHAIRMAN. Mr. BILLINGS, the retiring chairman, extended a cordial welcome to the new Guardians and congratu- lated them upon their election. For the office of chair- man he wished to bring before the Board the same of a real Lancashire gentleman whom it was the wish of the late Guardians—and he felt sure it would be the desire of the newly-elected members—to preside over the deliberations of the Board. He referred to Mr. Silliarn Houghton who had for some time been the senior Guardian and entered upon his twenty-fifth year of service that morning. (Applauee.) During that period he had enjoyed the confidence of the electors of the 'parishes which he had had the honour to represent on that Board and elsewhere. His past work and character -endeared him to all and it would be very fitting, after a quarter of a century's labours in that important department, for -the Board to unanimously confer honour upon one to whom honour was due by electing !Atilt° the chair. (Applause.) Mr. FORSRA.W seconded, and said Mr. Houghton was a genial and able man of business and would fill the chair with honour to the Board and credit to himself. They knew what his work had been at Padgate and in other sections of poor law administration. He had a knowledge of the duties of the chairmanship and they were sure that during his term of office the chair would not lose any of its traditional prestige. Mr. Marraßa supported. Mr. JOLLEY said that after the melifluous oratory of the Cicero of Haydock and the speeches of other country Guardians, it was fitting that one of the town repre- sentatives should tender his tribute to Mr. Houghton's ability. They knew his past work and they anticipated he would have a pleasant and prosperous year of office. They had additional pleasure in seeing Mr. Houghton amongst them that morning in view of the fact that he had recently suffered a severe illness. They hoped be would enjoy good health during the coming year and be able to discharge thehonourable duties of the chairman- ship with the ability and geniality be displayed when he filled the position a few years ago. The CLERK also supported and said he was associated with Mr. Houghton's father in official life sixty years ago. He (Mr. Sutton) served on that Board as a Guardian with Mr. Houghton's eldest brother in the 1860's and with another brother in the 1870's. They had passed away but he trusted that Mr. Houghton as a younger member of a family which had given so much service to the public, would long be with them to help them in the office to which they were about to appoint him.

The resolution was carried with acclamation. Mr. HOUGHTON took the chair and briefly returned thanks. He appreciated the honour very much, although he could not hope to follow modern chairmen with the same ability which they had shown. The Board would, however, have the benefit of his best exertions. His immediate predecessor, Mr. Billinge, had been an ornament to the chair and had occupied the position to the great advantage of the Union in every sense of the word. He would like to impress upon the Board a few words uttered by the chaplain, the Rev. W. Bracecamp, who in his sermon on Mayor's Sunday, told them in all their debates to give credit to each other for good intentions. If that spirit pervaded their meetings it would very much facilitate their discussions.

THE VICE-CHAIRMAN. Mr. BROOKS then proposed the election to the vice- chair of the Rev. T. It. Matthews who, he said, was an old member when he (Mr. Brooks) joined the Board nine years ago. Ho was very unassuming in his work,but thoroughly understood it and when the chairmanship again became vacant they were sure he would make an excellent chairman. Mr. JOLLEY seconded and said Mr. Matthews had shepherded his flock at Earlestown for many years. Though on that Board one or two might at times be a little unruly they hoped he would be able to wield the pastoral staff at Warrington with success. Mr. Flannagan, Mr. Billinge, Mr. Mather, and Mr. Forahaw supported the proposition which was cordially passed.

The Rev. T. R. Marrimws returned thanks and said that if he had not such confidence in the punctuality and regularity of the chairman he would not have accepted the office, because his other duties were very numerous and heavy.

OTHER ELECTIONS. Mr. Jolley was re-elected chairman of the No. 1 (Warrington) Relief Committee and Mr. A. Brooks was re-elected to preside over No. 2 (Country) Committee. A suggestion by Mr. W. C. Brooks that the whole Board should constitute the Relief Committee and arrange a special day for relief business was not con- sidered practicable. It was decided that the General Purposes and Finance Committee should consist of the whole of the Board. The following were elected members of the Assess- ment Committee :—Messrs. A. Brooks, J. Ball, E. L. Bent, j. Billingo, S. Davies, R. Forshaw, W. Houghton, A. J. Jolley, G. Mather, Dr. Patterson, J. Warts and W. Gill. Mr. W. C. BROOKS thought Warrington was not fairly represented on the Committee as the assessable value of the town exceeded the value of the remainder of the Union by .C 68,000. Only four town Guardians were members of the Committee, as compared with eight ountry Guardians. He moved that Messrs. Ball and Bent, who had not attended regularly, should be struck doff the Committee. This proposal was defeated, as was also another that Mr. R. Bolton should be a member of the Committee. The following were elected members of the Honse Committee :—Miss Broadbent, Mrs. Simpson, Mrs. Wilkinson, Rev. T. R. Matthews, Rev. M. Ryan, Messrs. It. Forshaw. W. C. Brooks, S. Davies, A. J. Jolley, J. Billinge, W. Flannagan, P. Longton, M. W. Seton, R. Bolton, A. Brooks, G. Mather, j. Cook, J. Evans, W. Gill and W. Furness. The Padgate Schools Committee was elected as follows :—Miss Broadbent, Miss Wilkinson, Mrs. Simpson, Rev. M. Ryan, Rev. T. R. Matthews, Messrs. G. Mather, J. Ball, E. L. Bent, R. Bolton, J. Cook, S. Davies, R. Forshavv, W. Flannagan. W. Houghton, A. J. Jolley, T. Ritchie, M. W. Seton, W. C. Brooks, J. Back- house, W. Gill, W. Stanier and W. Furness. Some discussion took place with regard to the Sites for Offices Committee, Mr. W. C. BROOKS suggesting that it should consist of all the members of the Board. It was eventually decided that the committee as recently constituted be re-elected and report to the General Purposes Committee. The following were appointed to the Asylums Visita- tion Committee :—Hiss Broadbent, Mrs. Simpson. Mrs. Wilkinson,Rev.M. Ryan, Messrs. ,R. Bolton.J.Backhouse, W. C. Brooks. J. Cook, W. Flannagan, T. Ritchie, M.W. Seton, W.Gill, and J. Evans. It was decided that the Board should be represented at the North-Western and Central Poor Law and Confer- ences by the Chairman and Vice-Chairman at the Association of Poor Law Unions by Mr. Jolley and the Clerk. The Board agreed that the Ladies' Visiting Com- mittee and Brabazon Ladies' Committee should be nominated by the House Committee for appointment by the Board, with power to all the members thereof and to all Guardians to visit the Workhouse and Cottage Homes at their discretion. VOTE OF CONDOLENCE. The Board passed a vet of condolence with Mr. W. Flannagan on the death of his son aged fourteen years. HOUSE COMMITTEE.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
AND WILL ATTHND

===== 0002601_19070420_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
CONVINCING WARRINGTON EVIDENCE

! ---- - THE LUNACY COANTISSIONF-R'S REPORT. ! It is not only our own, but the experience also of At a meeting of the House Committee, the MASTER others, which teaches us lessons of practical value. made a presentation to Mr. W. Sampson (engineer) on More especially when the experience bears with it the endorsement of time. A Warrington man told his good behalf of the indoor staff on his leaving to take no a similar position at Ormskirk. The report of the Special fortune, and after six years told us it was permanent ; Committee on the Lunacy Commissioner's report MB could there be evidence more convincing? submitted, and it was agreed to refer the report Siayears after Mr. Thomas Ruane, 16, ging-3treet, back for consideration next week. T,ø resignation Warrington, was cured by Doan's backache kidney of Mr. Sampson was accepted and it was' resolved that pills, he said :—" T am more than pleased with the a favourable testimonial he forwarded. At a snbse- lasting good Don's pills have done me; ever since my quent meeting the report of the Lunacy Sub•committee cure I have been getting on splendidly-4 have never: was submitted and it was resolved (1) to recommend felt better in my life, especially the last three years, ! to the Board that straw beds in the male lunatic ward and I have not required any more of the pills." be discontinued and that tenders be invited for the We give here 11r. Ruane's original statement : I supply of 13 fibre mattresses ; (2) no suggestiona are "For many years I suffered from backache; such cruel - necessary as regards the complaint of the bed linen, cutting pains that many a time I had to stop my work. 1 there being ample of all articles, the vigilance of the lam a cabman, and out in all weathers. I had urinary attendants being all that is required to prevent corn- disorders, too, also poor appetite, headaches and dixzi- plaint in this direction: (3) that the Clerk reply to the ness. T was troubled with indigestion, and was Local Government Board indicating what the Guardians generally out of order. intended to do, and also to point out to them that they " I have improved in every way since taking Dean's considered the trained attendant had been aunty of backache kidney pills, and T most gladly give this neglect of duty, and that his resignation had been testimonial. T thonght I was in for a long spell of received and accepted. Pour candidates were selected lumbago and urinary trouble,but Don's pills have made to appear before the Board for the appointment of me strong and well again. (Signed) Thos. Blume." electrical and general engineer. Dean's Backache Kidney Pills are two shillings and The minutes were approved on the motion of Mr. (sir boxes for thirteen shillings and Forshaw seconded by Mr. A. Brooks. ninepence per box ninepence). Of all chemists and stores, or poet free, The Board then considered the applications for the direct from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells-street, I Post of engineer and interviewed the casdidates. It Oxford-street, London, W. Be sure you get exactly the 1 MS decided to appoint Mr. Levi Jones, of Priory-street. same kind of pills that Mr. Ruane had.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examitte2, Saturday, April 20, 1907

a mortuary at the Sankey Police Station, but he had not received a favourable reply. He (the Clerk) had inter- viewed the police-sergeant who said they could not•get the sanction of the Blue Coat School trustees for the land on which to erect the mortuary. The sergeant had been instructed to inquire from the various land- owners if they were agreeable to have a mortuary built on their land and the price. He (the Clerk) said they ; were wandering away from the idea altogether. What they wanted was a little outbuilding at the Police Station which could be used as a mortuary. Mr. Furness proposed that a letter be sent to the authorities drawing attention to the fact that the ; Council did not want the mortuary erected unless in close proximity to the Police Station. I Mr. Walters seconded, and it was carried.

the earth for their cause. Your thought must travel into the mysterious star depths to find the forces by which the behaviour of the earth is accounted for. So our Lord teaches that in order to find the explana- tion of the terrible facts of human life we must go out- side the earth to begin with. He introduces us to a tragedy which took place before the world was, or at any rate before man appeared upon the scene. "I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven." The state- merit is a brief one but pregnant with meaning. We can complete it without undue use of the imagination by supposing that a spirit of vast intelligence and splen- did place made the evil choice and continued in the evil choice and so fell into permanent ruin. Coming to the earth Our Lord is brought at once into contact with this great arch enemy. " Then was Jesus led up of the Spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil," And any one who knows what life is, and has studied the temptation narrative, must feel the facts are true to life. In is not a mere negation that Our Lord meets but a subtle enemy whose ability is only surpassed by his virulence. fie watches for the weakest moment. presents the very temptation that appeals to a noble mind with the greatest power, backs it with words chosen from the Divine Book itself. Did Jesus Christ, we ask, know what tie was about in this great crisis of His earthly life ? If he did Mr. Campbell is utterly astray. Our Lord not only contended , against the evil one Himself, but He watched his operations in His followers. He was aware of the great temptation that was to beset Simon Peter. Sinion knew nothing of it but the Lord understood. He saw the toils that were being thrown around him and noted how the man's boldness and impulsiveness both marked him out and laid him open to the tempter's malignity. "Simon. Simon," He says, pointing His warning with especial solemnity, " Satan hath desired ' to have thee that he might sift thee as wheat, but 1 have prayed for thee that thy faith fail not." Similarly in regard to Judas Iscariot we are told that Satan entered into Judas with the sop. And is not that the right way to account for such a sin as that of Judas ? These milk and water theories of evil are shown up in their utter weakness and insufficiency when they are brought up against such a sin as that of Judas. Was it a vacuum that betrayed the Son of Man with a kiss? Was it a mere emptiness or defect of something that planned and executed the arch villainy which .has ever since moved the horror of the world? Now what are we to make of the declarations of our Lord himself and these facts so intimately associated with the record of His life? Not long ago araiist the applause of the gallery in a Christian Church Mr. Campbell pushed aside the authority of the Apostle Paul with a wave of his hand. Now he is doing the same by the authority of our Lord Jesus Christ Him- self. But if these solemn and repeated declarations of our Lord mean nothing to this man who stills claims to be a minister of Christ do they mean nothing to us? Are we to suppose that our Lord Himself knew nothing about all this or that He has left behind Him a record of His teaching and His life which on such a matter is utterly unreliable. They talk about their moral consciousness as if that settled everything. Is their moral conscious- ness then superior to the moral consciousness of Jesus

===== 0002601_19070420_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE DEVIL A VACUUM." Rev. Sidnay Pitt and tha New Theology. _ _ .

• "The Devil a Vacuum" was the subject of a sermon I on Sunday by the Rev. Sidney Pitt on the New , Theology. He took for his text the words "The Lord said Simon, Simon, Satan lath desired to have thee that he may sift you as wheat. But I have prayed for thee that thy faith fail not." In the course of his sermon Mr. Pitt said: The• apostle of the New Theology is above all things else a master of phrases. We have not to thank him, as far as I know, for much ' light that he has shed on the multitude of topics with which he has undertaken to deal, but we have to thank him at least for this—that he occasion- ally puts his ecsentricities into a chrystaline form which it is impossible either to forget or to misunderstand.' In his last achievement of this description, with the help of a friend, he has sur- passed himself. " The Devil is a vca.uum." Satan has been transformed a good many times. To the meda3val imagination he appeared as a curious zoological speci- men with horns and h6of and tail. In earlier and later times he has often been transformed to an angel of light, but this latest transformation is a masterpiece. He is 'transformed iitto nothing at all. He vanishes iato thin air or vhat is thinner than air, and does not even leave the traditional perfume behind. The pastor of the City Temple seeks him and he is not found. The phrase sounds like a joke, but it is not so. It is meant seriously enough. It condenses as into a nutshell the teaching of the new theology, and of the philosophy that lies behind it on the problem of evil. This light utterance then brings before us the whole dark problem of the existence of moralil in the world. Physical evil, if evil it be, is another matter and may be accounted for on other grounds but moral evil, the evil purpose, the evil will, the evil deed, what are these and why are they here? The answer to these questions lies as we believe in the word free will. Free will involves the possibility of doing wrong. If there •was to be any such thing as real goodness there must be at any rate the possibility of its opposite. Love, honour, self-sacrifice, holiness, and all our nobler characteristics,

===== 0002601_19070420_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
, ~,-.Ai1i,•444.-.. • ''.'.., iii 0 :. . ''.l i C ...

(s

ftwe

00Y11t1WIT.

Houghton. Routledge, Withinshaw and Woodsvard, Dr. Murray. Miss rinsley and E. Foster (clerk). Dr. Murray was re-appointed chairman, on the pro- position of Mr. Houghton. seconded by Mr. RoUtledgd Mr. WithiPshaw was re-aripointed vice-chairman, on the proposition of Mr. Houxhton, seconded by Miss Tinsley. Dr. Murray and Messrs. Ditchftehl and Withinshaw were appointed overseers.

Dr. Murray and Mr. Withinshaw were re-appointed members of the Local Education Sub-committee. SUNDAY G YNINASTICS.

. _ A letter was read from Nfr.Ralph Long as follows : "Allow me to call the attention of the Council to the swing,&c.,on the Recreation Ground.which was unlocked on Sundays. They are frequently used by the children on the Sabbath. Feeling sure that this is the wish of of the parishioners, and would respectfully suggest that the same be fastened during Sundays.— Yours faith- fully, R A.LPH LONG."

Mr. Woodward said the locks were continually 1)&111 broken and the only way would he to inform the police and prosecute.

After discussion the matter was left in the hands of Mr. Woodward for him to try and devise a method Pf securely locking the gymnnstic npnaratns. LINIESTONE 1,71 L kNi Miss Tinsley pronosed that the Clerk write the London and North-Western Railway Company and ask for limestone chipping to be again laid on the Station- road footpath, remarking that they were a beneficial guide in the dark snd much better than the smoking lamps.

Mr. Withinshaw seconded, and it was carried. Mr. Woodward asked permission to ere^t a small see- SAW on the recreation ground for little children 12 years downwards.

Mr. Woo-dward's offer was accepted unsnimonsly, and on the proposition of Mr. Withinshaw, seconded by the Chairman, he was accorded the thanks of the Council. Great Sankey. The annual meeting was held in the Council School, on Monday evening, under the presidency of Mr. George Thompson. There were also present. :—Messrs. A. Birch, IT. Fairclong.h. J. %V. Walters. %V. Furness, W. Taylor, W. H. Ireland, and J. Smith (clerk). Mr. Pairclough proposed, Mr. Ireland seconded, and Mr. Furness supported, the re-election of )fr. Thompson as_ ch.ai rman.

This was carried unanirnoasly. Mr. Taylor was elected vice-chai IMessrs. Fain-lough and Ireland were appointed over- seers. The retiring overseers were Messrs. Thompson and Fairclough.. ! Messrs. Faircloagh and Birch were elected trustees for the Dole charity. On the motion of the Chair nan, seconded by Mr. Furness, the Vicar was re-elected as the Council's representative on the local education sub-committee. Messrs. Walters and Birch were re-elected represen- tative school managers and the Vicar, Miss Houghton, Mr. Farness, and Mr. Fairelongh managers. THE MORTUARY' QUESTION. The clerk said he had written to the Chief of Polica at Preston, informing him of the desirability of erecting

SAVES MANY LIVES.

Established 32 Years.

The Cheapest, Safest, most Up -to - date, most EWective, and Best Known Remedy in the World Chill, Coughs, Colds, Throat and Chest Affections, .4, • jka:,

For INFLUENZA IT ACTS LIKE .\ TAG 1C

PUBLIC SPEAKERS/ and all who suffer from THROAT WEAKNESS WILL FIND IT SAFE AND EFFECTIVE.

SINGERS,

for

and

Beware of Substitutes; ask for " OWBRIDGE " when buying -Lung Tonic and TAKE NO OTHER.

Prepared by W. T. OWBRIDGE, Ltd., Hull. gold everywhere in bottles at is. 2s. 9.1., 4s. 6d., and 13.5.

,06;10'

they are none of them of any value except apart , from the possibility of the opposite. It is quite a conceiv- able thing that God might have created spiritual beings from whom this possibility was for ever removed. Hen and other spirits might have been so constituted •that they could not possibly go wrong but such beings as this would have been mere machines or mere emanations from another will as, Hr. Campbell apparently thinks they e.re.They would not have been the free intelligences that we are to-day. It is often taught that the actual emergency of evil was necessary to goodness. This I could never see. To begin with at any rate it was never necessary that any man or any spirit should ever make an evil choice but it was possible. The root of sin, as Bishon Gore has recently said, is in the rebellion of the will. Just as a child can rebel against his father and use the very life that sprung from him to fight against him or to oppose his will or to neglbct it, so the spirit that sprung from God is capable of turning against God. I am quite content with the definition of sin as given by Sir Oliver Lodge in his recent Catechism. Sin is the deliberate and wilful act of a free agent who sees the better and chooses the worse and thereby acts iniurionsly to himself and others. Now that was the thing that actually took place. Somewhere in the universe there was a free agent who saw the better and chose the worse. It ought not to have happened but it was not for God to render it impossible by taking away from us our noblest characteristic---the power of choice and self direction. There and then it was that the mischief started and it has gene on and on ever since in an ever multiplying succession of instances in which free beings have setm the better and chosen the worse. So much for the account of evil itself. Then we come to the existence of the evil one, the great prince and head of the powers of darkness. That is a thing we could never have ascertained for ourselves though we might have guessed it. It is a matter of revelation. Our knowledge however is derived not from the fringes of the Bible revelation but from its centre. Our Lord himself has taken' the responsibility of the leading utterances on this great and terrible matter. First he teaches us to regard the origin of evil as extra-terrestrial. There are certain phenomena, the tides for example, which take place upon the earth but which you cannot account for unless you look beyond

t' .4. • 4. , • A 41' S

Christ? Do they know better than He? Nay verily if we are driven to abandon the teaching of our Lord and His Apostles confirmed to us by the Church throughout all ages hitherto, we shall require some better authority for doing so than the nebulous web which the New Theology is spinning from its own entrails. "This is my beloved Son" said the voice of God from the opened heaven over the head of Jesus of Narareth, "hear ye Him." The best Christians in all ages have been content to hear Him and so are we. But what is there after all so unreasonable in the con- ception of a great head and prince of the powers of evil? Even apart from the authoritative teaching of our Lord it seems to us to account for a good many things that are not so easily accounted for in any othet way. Why should it be more difficult to believe in a wicked spirit than in a wicked man? We are obliged to believe in wicked men because we see them and see sadly too much of them. We don't actually see the devil hut we see his works. I remember when I was attending a set of lectures at Oxford a simpering youth telling me that a devil was unthinkable as if the measure of his poor brain was the measure of the possi- bilities of the universe. Such a being was not unthink- able to John Milton. The great English epic is made to turn upon the fate and history of the "Prince and chief of many throned powers who led the embattled seraphim to war." Shakespeare eould form the conception and did. It was a very real thing to him. In one of his noblest passages he compares the fall of Wolsey to the fall of this great spirit "And when he falls he falls like Lucifer

Never to hope again" Perhaps the greatest mind of the last century, certainly the greatest German mind, was that of Goethe and his great poetic masterpiece is made to circle round the malignant activity of Satan in the modern world. nephistophiles is an intel- lectual Satan up to date and absolutely true to the facts of modern life. Burns also has given us some of his deepest thought as well as, his subtlest humour on the same terrible topic. If the devil be ndeed a vacuum then some of the profoundest poetry in he world has llst its meaning. We have to take into account not only the authority of Jesus Christ, not only the thoughts of some at least among our greatest thinkers, but the practical facts of experience as they appear in the phenomena of temptation. Some people , seem to be quite unconscious of this or to escape it, but there are many of us who have found quite enough in our own lives to convince us of a malignant intelligence that works to do us harm. Have you never felt your steps to be dogged by some malignant power waiting and watching for the opportunity to betray you? Have you never found that traps have been laid for you of the subtlest and most seductive kind, and not by any human contrivance either, but by some influence working altogether behind the scenes?

" Principalities and powers. Mustering their unseen array, Wait for thy unguarded hours, Watch and pray ! "

.s• ' 1,,..ii. 'OlOO !i.e. • ..,..,..11ti, b„, ..70.......N., ~... —.. Anliil •46 ...a. i, V.,- v,... --...e. .-••••••• •,•..• •ii • '4114,: •!';'•;'7•4l *IV T :::•TaAil," / .r hp.- •..4.,!Cip• • • - ist..lll 4 :;;,.,_. . ..4k.:,.•.1. 0.•-,..-*...,0% t•f_.,.: .:::410- :op?: ;1;?'"j0 .40-.."..• . ' St .4i:l:y, .10 , .4V0",::e.: .?i'' ‘6?•,,i."71,1:411., .60'•4`,..:.-;••51 Ii!.;';-.‘4•ktzlit ...i!. ...' a- ser.p.iy,....,_, •.,. . atiz.k i1iC!"....,t,..f., IT; ai•-•'... p.) A 411 . '•,;:- ' ..-I'l6o. 0 - ' * • ' V, a .11'jle! . - , ... _119,,, ..,,,....7A-.., ~.„,,,...., ...,,,......, p„....5. ...ilk ..1 . ..AN1„.:,;;......% .. .*-.4,...4, T.. ~V,:•,... eV' . ..(11. ( A-4', Ma. '',...f V -....* .../ 4 •44t ......• ,004,4,119. 7 • • 0.0" :*. ' • .4ailtiVq# . • 1.-Adee .lea-, .0,9 11, •af ikii,s. 0 (ilit:Zgie4... (140),..4.ii, arZAtit .......:.•!:,,Cit:e.•_,,,,,,?..‘ &A, . qr. • 1 "" . '''' lir 111*-• . I ...:••••k.-414,>:, ......,..*::1, -.1, •-• . 1 s w ...., ~ •,-.„ „Atria .v. 4_-_, •Pvllia a.."(F7',' ":.• ..7,,......-..4„ ' •••••-a :,' i ..*."..,::. 1-. "r" 0.14. i '• ,s` - r4,1111P .. .4:, Pli,lll, •. •N , • in":"•Y;:a.....tife.....*r • ',.' . ~ . . . (W•t,,..4 4 (---;:.", .-.OL t. . ''''l:*N' , • ...f......0,..ci ~,,,-.:. ;.,-...., . i (';;---' • =lf. f.,./.k:..., -,.,,,„44,1.7.,,ii., •o- , . . iM,,-,- •,,,,.,011 • • .672. :-. ----..`,",:i P 4 :tr---::‘,s; 111, 'i'''' .-• • '; . -. l'i. ""'s , ~.,=4 :. :•"--".-"ti, -,••••-•'',..".!-, ";;;;;.•• . dit VT ??,---- , ri----,,, A:4. to „. • - . . . .. ..;;,P....3,,, ..) _ _ •t * ..." ,N. ) .... I P 4., t: , .*: .-. . . . le.r;w. • ipli ~.....:•••;,. a •,--. .... ...... 0.,.,./......,... /44-41.1ht.,:t•Zi• 0 ,•,.,,t:-.14).:4,..4- .711.......4 141.4r,....._,.. 0P:',40 . ke) .......„•••__.,_ • •.,,,, •,„ •.• \:•4.•:•%,,,,..4-,...., ...-- fi1,..1,...,0 - .....i,...?„...,..„,..- (i:11,...,:v....,..,,,a 1it.....-_‘!o.) ),......,,. 47 A . lIPP . ,'•,•,:i ~,::; fr.! VAlk/1..f.... At.,...., to ~...• ......,.. lie., 47.0....... 411V94 ile ~. . . . ,-„,-,,,,, lir. z.....1a --,?t,.....,.., •„;.....,,,,. :4„...„ • ;_.,40,, 'ets.tiff.:t'lPP, .40,43?2Z111 .0„..,..,.._ .• 0'...,,, 4111:1111: ''lt.4.':ii.e. s.:.' o'A7:15:419": ....!..f....-Ait. ~........,„....... ....,..,,,,,,,,,..,;,a-t.... -• ...1••':: --- 411 v, %"4- s.T.Titi. .41.';,. ...•-i•fr lt,•,', 'NA Ig. '''fil-_''..'.,:5.:41._ or. ~, ..„..,,,!.•,,,..., -et:N....."- , Wi.. ';l*.r.V•ll,V ~...-=''e4i,i, ",.- -. ••..,,,,19 .0)0/*;•:;-:'40,/,..„ ,3 . ______ 0., • 4,•-... zilz, t'--, - MK .41- ..:1", ' , ...,... •se. 4 A '`. az•c! • k,1•;:•., ~.7 41_4 .4---htut . - AWN " .1 -4.4 Z :ifir ~,,,, . , ~ *,:'...i.r../ - •r,ee .1.4.• 2-, .. .".\4-i-.1.-,A.. ~, - .<., fo• L..... x, ~..,,..., ,‘,....=,, - t 4::.;: -,- :0% - • ?At:. s 0 ,VAtirD:ice,

. ~-,'''?... ...'. :::41.:,....i...:, . :, .. `,. 1.',. .4.1 . 1t.'1,, 1 :.,...37. ;416' '.', ''.., ~.$ ~....: -'..,'. V ";tri, M? ..';,:, 1:0!` . . '',..z.1,..f.,2'

• t ' 14" 71 . , 4e ,Ar • . .. 4 :A lc. g 1W 4 ...y„.• 144,1 f 1 .t4t. „ _ , , „o 1 . ~,,v. •-,...,,..; • it ._,O -40., 4 ,-,,, -,-,,,,, ..7.., ve , .4- .a. ._,, " 0 i, ~ . .

===== 0002601_19070420_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEST NERVE FORTIFIER IS VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC.

Tt is not possihl ..to make a stronger or more elle° tive nerve strengthener. It possesses marvellous purifying, healing and tonic properties. A rare edible species of seaweed obtained on the Pacific coast is used. In cases of nervous weakness, lassitude, debility, indigestion. liver and stomach diseases, and especially female weakness and habitual constipation, it is pre. eminent. Cures permanently. No return. Pleasant to take. You feel better a once. Doctors use it. Credentials and testimonials of the highest character. Ask for Veno's Seaweed Tonic :l s. fld. and 2s. 9d, at chemists everywhere.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS. RUGBY FOOTBALL.

[By " Ovalist.") There is n' check check on Warrington's progress in the "Cup amapetition so far. On Saturday they reached the final for the fourth time and on all hands , are considered to have a fair chance of `: " the trophy once more. It is reclgaised, however, that in meeting Oldham they will be much more severely tested than they have been as yet and nothing but a display of their .best form can gain them the verdict.

The semi-final at Wigan on Saturday last proved a veritable triumph for Warrington, who trounced Swinton in an altogether unexpected fashion by 21 points tl nothing. This is one of the hollowest victories ever recorded in a Northern Union semi-final tie and even surpasses Warrington's performance in 1901 when they beat Castleford at Broughton by Most people believed that Warrington would •beat the Lions on Saturday, but the• latter set such store by their League victorya few weeks ago that a close con- test was looked forward to. For tem minutes the struggle was really keen and Swinton almost scored, but afterwards they were never "in it." Whether it was the brine baths or not, the Warrington men were in fine fettle and quite ran the blues to a standstill, and the most ardent supporter of the defeated side could not but admit that they were outclassed..

The Swinton forwards were expected to be a big factor in the game bat after the opening quartei they shut up like a concertina. Time after time they were pushed off the ball, especially in the second half; when 13 out of Warrington's 21 points were obtained. It was only in the loose rushes that they made any impression at all, and then they were so frequently off-side as to nullify their efforts. Of the Swinton backs It would be kinder to say nothing. They showed no pretensions to class whatever, and had the ground only been dry and fast they must have had a record score put up against them. As it was the Warring- ton three-quarters did pretty. much as they liked without undua exertion.

Fish was particularly careful to keep out of danger, and one cquld not blame him, seeing what his experi- ences on the Wigan ground have been. He managed to score 2 goals and 2 tries all the same and seemed generally in much better condition for making a great effort if required. There wasbne feature of the match which was remarkable. In the first half Swinton were repeatedly penalised —quite a dozen times I should think. Fish kicked a goal from the first, and then missed every other, though at his four last attempts he hit either posts or cross-bar every time, The ground was wet and the ball heavy or the War- rington skipper might easily have passed his record of 9 goals against Huddersfield in October. I don't think Swinton had a single shot at goal during the afternoon, for if Warrington inftinged it was gener- ally in the Swinton half where they spent most of their time. In fact I never saw a team look less like scoring in the course of a first-class match.

Warrington's success was so pronounced that the score might almost have been doubled had it been necessary. With so many opportunities the backs had a grand time, and considering the condition of the ball they combined very effectively. Hockenhall started moderately, but as the ground dried under a strong wind he found his feet and played brilliant football. Jordan,the other reserve man also acquitted himself well and would have scored twice had he been a bit speedier. The regular hands were all in good form with the exception of Tilley, who had little to do and did that little in an indifferent fashion. I think if special praise is due to anyone it is to Isherwood, who played a fine game throughout. His form is surprising when one recollects that he was a mainstay of the Warrington three-quarter line when the N.U. Cup Competition was inaugurated in 1897, and is still. Thomas was the star of the front division, and well deserved the try he got immediately on resumption, while con- spicuous work was done also by Heath, Harmer and Belton. The" light-weight" was as usual off-side a good deal, but escaped the attention of the referee.

As already announced, the_ final of the Northern Union Cup between Oldham and Warrington will be played on the Broughton Rangers ground on April 27. The Cup Committee of the Union paid a visit to the ground on Monday to make arrangements for the match. The holding capacity of Wheater's Field has never been really tested, but it will accommodate about 30,000 spectators, and an additional stand is being erected. It has been decided to make the admission with an extra charge for the stands. There will be some reserved seats on the big stand at ss. each, and those requiring tickets should communicate with Mr. Platt, 9, Queen-street, Oldham. F. Renton, of Hunslet, has been appointed referee.

When the Cup ,Competition was progressing through the earlier stages thought Oldham were the likeliest team to secure the Cup, but my opinion has been modified considerably by Warrington's return to form. There is no doubt that most of the prophets will tip Oldham to win next Saturday, though in Warrington it is generally held that the success of 1905 will be repeated. It must be remembered that Oldham have had a very severe season and even to-day they will be engaged in the League final with Halifax. All this hard work must tell on the players and tend towards staleness. Warrington have been just com- fortably employed for a month or so and seem to be as fresh as paint. Condition is a very important factor in a strenuous cup-tie and the locals may just have the pull in this respect on the 27th.

Warrington have been fined the maximum penalty £25 for playing the reserve team against Halifax on Good Friday. As this is the second offence the decision is perfectly just, though in view of the fact that the Warrington reserves put ,up a splendid fight and nearly beat Halifax it seems, farcical. If Clubs were allowed to play pranks of this kind with impunity it would be a serious breach of faith with the public. Warrington's only justification will be in winning the Cup next Sitturday.

There has been lunch-discussion of late betwen club representatives of both Lanoashire and Yorkshire with regard to the formation of the League and modifica- tions of the playing rules. An agreement has been come to which should have effect at the general meeting of the Union. Fortunately the changes are not revolutionary, though they will affect a considerable improvement. The new League scheme provides that all Lancashire clubs would play each other, and so will, in like manner, all York- shire clubs. In addition, each Lancashire club would play at least four Yorkshire clubs, and vice versa, with an additional rider that the matches between Lancashire clubs shall be considered a Lancashire League. The scheme was approved, the only club to vote against it being Broughton Rangers, who were in favour of givinr, the present competition a further trial. If this scbe'ine becomes law, the League Com- petition will be a real one and not a make-believe. Clubs like Keighley and. Leigh will not be able to choose their fixtures with a view to securing honours on the cheap, as they did during the past two seasons. The present knock-on rule seems doomed, as it should be. There is altogether too much slovenliness in catching the ball at present.

Warrington are not risking any further penalties by resting their Cap players in the League match with Rochdale Hornets this afternoon. The best team possible has been chosen, only one change being made from last Saturday, and the Hornets seem to be in for

a lively time. the change mentioned is Naylor for Flartner, and the seleceed thirteen are :

_ . Tilley ; fall back, Fish, Isherwood, Taylor and Jordan, threequarters ; Lees and Irockenhall half baelts ; Boardman, Thomas, Heath, Belton, Shugars and Nayispr, forwards. .

The Hornets have selected the f dlowing : k. N. Other; Gibson, Ward, Walker, and A.. J. Richardson; Baxter and Scholfield ; Dearden, . Turner, Stubbs, W. 'Richardson, Brooks, Lilly.

It was hoped that Jenkins and Brooks would have been fit to turn out,but neither is reported fully sound. In fact there is no likelihood at all of the clever half back appearing in the final—news which will be a great disappointment to Warrington's supporters. Brooks has been training hard during the week, and it is expected that his damaged thumb will be quite - right in time for the great game at Broughton.

There is likely to be a great exodus from Warring- ton to Nfanchester next week. Already the Cheshiie Lines Committee have arranged no less than eight special trains. Passengers are strongly advised to book during the week.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

Local Success. _lt the recent examinations held at Liverpool in connection with the London College of Music, Miss Nellie Vincent pupil of Miss Green, A.L.C.M. wae suocessful in gaining a first-class honours, certificats, subject, Pianoforte Playing, elementary section. Miss M. Todd, pupil c f Miss M. Plinston, A..L.C.11.. 1, Orford Lane, was also successful in gainiug a first class certificate with hono,urs in pianoforte playing. The Late M. William Atherton. The will of the late Mr. William Atherton, of Folly- , lane, Warrington, for many years ' mans er of the ' engineering department of Messrs. P rson and Knowles Coal and Icon Company, has be proved at :£1,781.

G" HERALD" KITCHEN RANGES SC " Peveril" Fir ' rates are unequalled. Inspection invited. Large stock of Wood Chimney Pieces, etc.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-st., Warrington.—Advt. Pauline Chase as " Peter Pan." Charles Froham presents his entire Duke of Yorke's Theatre Company in" Peter Pan," which is being sent direct from Lonclan, where the play has been s gigantic success for a third Christmas season. The cast includes Miss Pauline Chase and Miss Hilda Trevelyatr. The company opens on April 22nd at Shakespeare Theatre, Liverpool. Personal. Mr. Jack Rhoden, pupil of Mr. James Walsh, of. Orford-lane, has passed creditably the first stage of the preliminary examination for the Pharmaceutical Society. Mr. W. Peter Rylands (Messrs. Rylands Brothers. Limited), Warrington, will preside at the sixty-fourth anniversary banquet at the Royal Metal 'Trades' Pension Society, to be held at Ironmongers' Hall, London, on June 4.h. "Y" Branch B.W.T.A. • The closing social of the winter session was held in the Winmarleigh Cafe on Wednesday evening. A very pleasant time was in games and guessing com- petitions, for which prizes were given. Thanks are due to the following members and friends for the music and to Mrs. Freeman for a recitation.—Misses Cox, Dunn, M. Blackstock, Chalmers and Jones. LA.DIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Adtv. The Borough Member. Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., spent the short Easter recess at his favourite place of resort, Cannes, and was present at the dinner of the Union Club, at which the Grand Duke Michael presided. On WednesdaY he was present at the Hotel Cecil at the annual dinner of the Association of Municipal Corporations, as the guest of the Warrington Town Council. He was also invited to attend the lunch to be given to the Colonial Premiers yesterday at de Keyser's Hotel. We are glad to learn that Mr. H. Crosfield is recovering from his recent attack of influenza. Light Railway Scheme Abandoned. It. has transpired (says a Northwich correspondent) that the Northwich to Warrington light railwaY scheme has been abandoned. Messrs. Brunner, Mond, and Co., who were the principal promoters, have withdrawn their support, and the undertaking will not be proceeded with. Last year an extension of time was granted by the Board of Trade, and the scheme contemplated two sections of railway—from Warrington to Barnton, and by Great Budworthto Northwich. It is nearly ten years since the first order was sought for, and the whole project is now dead. Local Successes at Leigh Eisteddfod. There were several local successes at the ninth annual eisteddfod held at Leigh on Saturday. The adjudicators were Professor Morgan Harris, R.A.g, Cardiff, and Professor Caradog Roberts, Mus. Baca L.R.0.0., L.R.A.U., Wrexham. Miss Lily Fairhurst, Warrington, was successful in the contralto solo an 3 ' ladies' challenge solo contests, while Mr. E. H. Pearce, Warrington, was the winner of the bass solo and gentleman's challenge solo competitions ; Miss V. A Brown, Warrington, won the first prize in the solo competition for girls, and C. E. Eckersley, Earlestown was first in the junior pianoforte solo. PREMIER CYCLES with Sturmey Archer three speed gear, nine guineas. Two speed gear eight guineas.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-street Warrington.—Advt. Warrington Scalding Fatality. An inquest was held at Warrington, on MondaY afternoon, on the body of Walter Lomax, Tilley-street, who died at the Warrington Infirmary on Saturday from burns and scalds about the neck and body. 0 was stated that on Friday morning last the mother left the deceased in the kitchen while she went upstairs to bring down another child, who was lame. Hearing screams she rushed into the kitchen and found the deceased lying in front of the fire. A kettle of boiling water, which was on the hob when she left the rooni' I had been upset, and the child was severely scalded! It was stated that there was no guard or fender front of the fire, and Mr. Coroner Brighouse remarked that he supposed the fender would be polished up aria placed under the sofa.—A verdict of " Accidental death " was returned. P.S.A.Meetings There was a good meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A. Society on Sunday, when Councillor Barton presided. Mr. Fielding, of Liverpool, gave an earnest address upon "Paul's reasoning with -Felix upon Righteous' ness, Temperance and Judgment." The speaker touched on the importance of acting justly toward , our fellows, of being temperate and using self-control He urged the men to be careful not to lose their we power. Tneir own deeds would bt ing their olfo r judgment. Therefore they should be careful as to - what they did or said as their actions would be ispro- duced as surely as a messtge or sowg was reproduced by means of the phonograph. Mr. C. Cotton read thi less On. 'Pwo new members were cordially welcome° bringing the total membership up to 356. —An opell meeting of the Warrington P S.A. Society was held the Sankey-street Co-operative Hall on Sunday after noon and was well attended. Mr. E. W. Jones. the president of the society, presided. Miss C Hankei and Mr. Parker rendered two solos in a very effective manner. Mr. H Tonge acted as accompanist. Mess& H. Warham and Light also took part in the meeting. Crosfields' Recreation Club. The Easter display of the Girls' Gymnasium held on Tuesday the 9th in the workmen's dining hall iva4, most thoroughly enjoyed by a large assemblage 0' friends. Under the conduct of their able instructress, Miss Beresford, N.S.P.E.. the giils went through " ,s very varied programme with their usual neatness env grace, the items including combined marchin,Swedish drill, drill with dumb bslls, bar bells and hoops,' jumping and exercises on the German horse an' parellel bars. A pleasant interlude was the presentr tion by Miss Markel of the medals given by Mi 5,4 Marsh on the result of the tournament of the 2207 ult. The winners were : Senior, Emily Sharpies aT) Lily Makin'; Junior, Lily Richardson, Ciasie I arwoo°' and Emily Holland. Dr. Markel in introducing gio Markel took occasion to compliment the girls on thell; performance and urged all present for the benefit 0' health and physique to profit by theit example. Tlie programme conclwled with a charming lantern Maze' "Trial by Jury." The success which attended the initial performane of this Clilirrt-Sullivan operetta by Croafield's Choir and Orchestra was repeated on Saturday evening vrhe° a large audience assembled and gave vent to it 4 appreciation by applauding heartily. The productiog was one upon which these enthusiastic amateurs lUi every reason to congratulate themselves. For a preliminary venture in the realm of opera, tb selection of "Trial by Jury" was an admirable °rte. as it is short and does not make very heavy demand: upon individual performers. Moreover the piece 0, one which amused the audience immensely, for it 1,15 full of life and hum air. The incidents centre roan; an action for breach of promise which is tried truly Gilbertian fashion, the Judge putting an end the argument of counsel by deciding to marry plaintiff himself. The chief characters were all ye'', creditably sustained. Miss Carrie Hest ings was charming plaintiff and sang very sweetly. As ot much-abitsed defendant Mr. W. Tynan scored .4 distinct success and he was particularly good inli frantic appeals to the jury who affected a supreiet, indifference. Mr. Walker filled the distinguished P3,fB of the Judge in admirable style. He was, in fact, t% life and soul of the piece, fully realizing. the humorqci; possibilities vf the character, while the way in Nriobe he sang" When I, young friendg, was called to t .e bar" was most praiseworthy. The other roles. well played by the following :—Counsel Mr. Ti. -Ardein and Sfr. H. Cook. usher, Mr. E. Willi Attorney, Mr. G. Weave. tig The chorus sang with fine effect and a stro.l orchestra did good service. Mr. F. J. Lord conducrof A special word of praise is due to the orchestra the enjoyable selections which preceded the opere Mr. T. Knowles acted as stage manager.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0018.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_I

''"......._

===== 0002601_19070420_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, 1 1 . • 1

===== 0002601_19070420_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
the stoi the

===== 0002601_19070420_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
flrj are are to-4,

===== 0002601_19070420_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, Ap

and skirt with only three seams in the two articles. Neither extreme is to be desired, but, taken altogether, the one exploited by the dressmakers is preferable. Many of the newest skirts show fifteen gores, and .the bodices and coatees are veritable works of art—from a patchwork point of view. To the home worker the seven gored skirt presents perhaps the fewest difficulties, being more unlikely to sag and fall out of shape at the hem than the less-gored varieties. About Feather Boas.--In the choioe of a feather boa, the woman who must needs be economical, has often a difficult task before her. In the. first place, colours which may ibasonably be supposed to be more service- able than white, can only be worn with certain costumes, moreover if the colours are light they invariably fade, whilst if they are dark they are very likely to soil the coat or the blouse over which they are donned. White or cream, on the other hand, can be worn with any costume, but then both soil quickly. In these days of inexpensive dry-cleaning however, the latter choice is perhaps the wiser, and provided it is fresh and dainty, few things are far more becoming and smart-looking than a white or cream feather boa. Grey or fawn feather boas are not as a rule a success, and the wise woman will pass them by. _ _

. . The Very Up-to-date.—The extremely fashionable woman with her huge hat, weighted with feathers, and worn at the back of the head, and with her enormous sleeves,that look like ea pes,presents a somewhat comical view, especially from behind. She appears over-loaded and top-heavy, and the effect generally is ludicrous. The woman who would enjoy the reputation of always being well-dressed, should see to it that her head and shoulders are never out of proportion to height, what- ever the prevailing modes may be,a state of affairs fully recognised by Her Majesty the Queen who has never, upon any occasion,worn the huge hat,or balloon sleeves. Only the" divinely tall," and very slender, can venture upon such extremes as modish women are indulging in just now, and even these favoured mortals would do well to exercise a little moderation.

‘The Importance of Ventilation.—lt having been established that influenza is infectious,an Oxford M.D. has written to the "Times "urging the importance of the ventilation of railway carriages. 14 points out that convalescents, and those still ill with influenza, I hurry off as soon as possible to 40rfle mild seaside town, and that, the windows being kept closed, there is very great dancer to the other passengers. It would have been well if the writer had added that ventilation is as beneficial to those who are suffering from influenza as it is to those who are well, but in any event he is no doubt right when he says that a very large proportion of cases of influenza follow a journey by rail, and that there is no surer way of spreading illness than that afforded by closed railway carriages. MADGE.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRF BAND IN FRANCE. 1

Enthusiastic Welcome to Lille

I, The band of the 2nd Battalion the Prince of Wales Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment) paid a visit to ' Lille on Sunday, and gave a concert in aid of a charity at the Hippodrome. The visit was made the occasion of scenes of enthusiasm such as have never before been witnessed there. The train conveying the visitors from Calais arrived at noon to the thunder of a salute of twenty-one guns, fired by the Artillerymen stationed on the ramparts of the city. Inside the station was the band of the 43rd Infantry Regiment, which played the British National Anthem as the train steamed in. The British Consul, with several French military officers, and the committee of the charity in aid of which the concert was given, sere on the platform, and extended a warm welcome to Lieutenant-Colonel Adam (com- manding the battalion) and the three officers who accompanied him. Lieutenant-Colonel Adam replied in a happy little speech in French, after which a procession was formed and a start made. The scene that met the eyes of the English musicians as they emerged from the station was one of almost indescribable excitement. enormous crowds had gathered along the route, which was guarded by several brigades of gendarmerie, and two companies of Mounted Chasseurs, with their trumpeters were drawn up at the station gates. All the way to the Marie the air resounded with shouts of " Vive l'Angleterre ! " "Vive l'Entente Cordiale!" The Mayor, in extending a welcome to his visitors, said the town was proud of its past glories, but as a friend of peace it delighted in the strengthening of the bonds of sympathy between two great liberal nations. Lieutenant-Colonel Adam having replied, the Mayor presented him with a commemorative medal. A champagne lunch followed, and in the interval before the concert the Englishmen were received by the Prefect Da Nord. The concert commenced at four o'clock, and long before at time the Hippodrome was thronged. Some 4,000 persons were present, and the programme, which extended over two hours, was received with marked cordiality. . . .

A correspondent writing on Monday says :—The concert on Sunday realised £240 for the charity.—The members of the band have been literally loaded with presents. One manufacturer presented eaeh of them with a large box of chocolate, and another sent each a ; lame parcel of cakes, famous locally. A third has given , them three hampers of champagne for the return journey. Otherpresents are pouring in. At the banquet to the officers on Sunday night the company included the Military Governor, the prefect, , the mayor, and the President of the Tribunal. After the banpuet, accompanied by several French officers of rank and by the mayor and the prefect, the British officers visited the principal cafg and drank a glass of the local beer, and this added the finishing touch to their enormous popularity with the Lillois. The adjutant was pressed by each of fourteen wealthy and prominent townsmen, manufacturers or merchants, ' to pay them a visit next morning at their homes and take a glass of wine with them. All offered to send their motor-cars to fetch the adjutant, who is a fluent , French speaker ; and one gentleman, who would take no denial, wanted him to come as early as eight o'clock and "take a bottle of port wine." Captain Goren only saved himself by pleading the imperative orders for his early morning attendance. Monday's proceedings began with a reception of the British officers at the Garrison Club, where all the French officers off duty had assembled to do honour to their guests. Then came a luncheon party at the house of the Consul, Mr. Walker, following which the visiting band played a selection of music in the garden. Then followed a football match between a team from the South Lancashires and a French team—the Iris Club. The match resulted in a victory for the latter by 6 goals to 3. A final concert was held in the Grand Place on Monday evening, and evoked immense enthusiasm. The band left Lille at 11.30 on Tuesday morning. The non-commissioned officers of the garrison escorted their British comrades to the railway station, and large 1 crowds cheered them on the way. Before entering the train the British soldiers, with the consent of their colonel, unfastened the badges of their helmets, their I pouches, and their collars, and distributed them among the French troops as souvenirs of the visit.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

PADGATE CHURCH INSTITUTE.—The annual meeting of the above institute was held in the Church House, the Vicar presiding. The Treasurer and Acting-Secre- tary, Mr. J. C. Davies, read the annual report. He deplored the signs of decreasing interest in the club, and trusted that a strong effort would be made to raise it to its former prosperity. The accounts showed that whereas £4 10s. was brought into the balance-sheet, the year closed with a deficiency of 12s. The report con- gratulated the billiard teams on their success in the Church Clubs' Leaze, the first team winning six matches of the eight played, and gaining the medals for being top of the Lcague. The Criptain, Mr. J. Roberts, won every game he played, and rcored 166 points more than his opponents, The second team won four and lost four matches. Mr. J. C. Davies was elected treasurer. The committee appointed were—Messrs. James Roberts, Charles Roberts, James Monks, P. E. Croft, James Weston; William Weston, T. Smith, J. Smith, H. Smith, J. R. Turner. W. Bowering, and H. Critchley. Messrs. A. Wright and R. Denham were re-elected auditors.

HAYDOCK INVALID'S ACCIDENT.

On Monday, Mr. Brighouse, county coroner, held an inquest at Haydock on the body of John Dierden, aged 65, of Grange-road, Flaydock, who died on the 12th inst. —Ralph Dierden, son of the deceased, stated that on Sunday. the 7th of this month, he left home, leaving his father by the fire in his bedroom, and later he found that he had fallen on to the fender and burned his head.—Dr. Thompson stated that for several years the deceased had suffered from chronic bronchitis, and two years ago he had an epileptic stroke. Since then he had been very feeble. There was no evidence that the accident had accelerated death.—A verdict of "Accidental death" was returned.

Large numbers of presents addressed to the "Heir Apparent" of Spain, sent by French ladies, especially in the south, have been returned to the senders, as the i authorities, n accordance with the usual custom, are refusing all presents.

k. -

Astounding k the only word that adequately describes the cures of Paralysis of the Nerves, Heart Weakness, Loss of Flesh, Wasting away, Weak Lungs, Kidney Weakness, Ana2rnia and Indigestion, in men, women and children, by Dr. Cassell's Tablets; the Great Body Builder and Strengthener.

EX ' RAORDINARY PROOF.

TRIAL 14X 10A.

WASTED TO A. SKELETON.

i

WEAR LUNGS,

Pronounced incurable'

Now Strong and Stouter

The extraordinary effect of Dr. Cassell's Tablets in a nearly hopeless case of general wasting, with severe hollow cough, is shown in the following letter.

Mr. Jas. Marshall, 115, St. Saviour's-road, Saltley, Bir- mingham, writes: "I feel more than pleased to tell you how much I have benefited from Dr. Cassell's Tablets. For over two years I suffered from a wasting disease, with a racking hollow cough, and was in a very low state, with great difficulty in breathing. I wasted away to a mere skeleton and had to be put on an air cushion. My case seemed hopeless and two doctors gave me up.

"At last I tried you: wonderful remedy and soon the wasting stopped, and I felt brighter, and from that time I gradually improved. My breathing got easier, my cough stopped, and now I can walk about freely. I am gradually putting on flesh and feel altogether much stronger, and my system is getting built up again. All this is due to Dr. Cassell's Tablets, and had I known of them before, I should have been saved a great amount of suffering. I bless the day that brought your great medicine to my notice."

Mr. llarshall.

• , ••• in'..g;s.Nek; . • . g, • . . .* • . •'• ••••4:::••••: •,- : ••• ::?•••••i, • . . . •.. • • .. :•:, • • • • . • . •, . „ . . . . . • .. . • „ 4.-.1"•••••

:.-• : ' . • ~ , . : 4

===== 0002601_19070420_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
PARALYSIS OF THE NERVES.

Too Weak to Walk. Completely Cured.

The fallowing account of a system completely wrecked in every way, being restored to vigorous bodily health again by Dr. Cassell's Tablets will be read with interest. Mr. John Stokes, of 69, Trebanog-road, Cymmer, Forth, Glam., writes :—" Some years ago I began to suffer terribly from pains in the back. These gradually got worse, and my whole system became affected. I became so weak I could hardly stand, and I could not straighten my back for the pain. My nerves became paralysed, my intellect impaired, and my sight and _hearing blunted, and I despaired of ever being right again. I suffered from indigestion .and stomach ,pains, and I was nothing but skin and bone, and, in short, a complete wreck. "I bad to give up work, and I was getting weaker and weaker. At last, seeing Dr. Cassell's Tablets advertised, € I tried them, and the result was miraculous. I improved from the first dose—l began to eat better and my food became better assimilated, and so I derived more nourishment. I feel new vigour and energy, and I am now, thanks to Dr. Cassell's Tablets, as stout as I have been for years, and altogether a now man."

M. Stokes.

:-, • ..',44 • - --;• -:11,•>':::%;:•::.,iii,:,,..•••ii;* , ~ .„,.....,.....44.• 4,,*(•., ~%.- • ...iii::::•:,l,,,Mi-e,',:i ',..,•,•. '- 'v 0. ::•:••`z.,,A*'-:?. -,••,‘ ~-;:i0.",ii.:.";:i?.-...;:f51 ...."fe4:,,,:f..4.k-i..-:•i•.-:;;;;/::d . . ..,• }:•:•:::i. ..,..,:::?4•:,, • ••••:::.•-•:.....?:::'4.:`.....:•r4 lt.; dk •:,....At'f.V3r-....vi1i:. . '. 11:::,.1-,:* : ' .. , A . ,:..... ::::i...:•;::::;;O:0,---;:; oi . ~..,.....,....-...,....r: • 4::::24:-.;;;:f, ,T It .. . .... :•:,:-..........,,§:i::; '4,000. ~,.,,, - ..,:::::::::•*:::,..i.:1•40,,41 ti „ ::.: .-..::::::.::::.:tt- -,:•Vilik: ii %.,', •,- •••••.:. .., :::•,;::::,-. .4:,--,Nr, .::-.1'.......• 7: ~... ......%ir,-;...*:'• 4 ;:....,. .3.i. • 44 : , :4-...:',..14,),:::::-.:;:. • .: - ...-5.,-.Z...:,.;'...:,....-.:.1:.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
REDUCED.

Now in Perfect Health and Increased in Weight.

Mrs. Hannah Lickis, of Trinity House, Carr-lane, Hull,writes, In May 9th, 1904, as follows : I received the two bottles of Cablets, with thanks for prompt attention. I beg to say a short ime ago I was under the doctor with a fever, which left me in a very weak and reduced state. My strength and appetite left me entirely, and I was completely run down ; but since taking your Tablets I have improved wonderfully in spirits an health. My appetite has been improved, my strength returned, and my flesh is much firmer than .it was, having increased in weight considcrably. I feel most grateful to you, ard shall certainly recommend your remedy others." Mrs. Lickis. Writing a year later, Mrs. Lickis says :—" I can enjoy my food and am now in perfect health."

A MISSIONARY'S GREAT CURE.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
(.4.; -

H

f. •

• 's

est Goes Farthest

-.14.4; •• . . i,f(T,,i, 44,.eP • e ,• 0ze.6„,. & sr,- ) c.„ ~... , • '77.7'-'•'...., 0..,..„..ke .. \01.T.,R...t. •,.:v:: 44 ----- --- • ~. *,, ./ •t,,-.4-tii-4,,..p.'(.5-1,.---,.. • : • .-, - ---- , 7e. .• 1 „ A1i.j...,),; , ~ /ad. .. . , . Tv•Gy ''''" I 14 • 4c ' ''. ''--. ,•-4-,.. -- -,$ • -- , p ih' ;';7:-. f. ,N,fl !`•. 1 ‘c‘..v*r.,,e/ c. -N •', .!',Of 1' ''• . :7, . . I 1.: ~ I ,; I 4: ~. A .. I "7('47V.`'::: 44\-t-.7 I -. A''''''''''''...ll:,o. • , '''.7 V 1 .4 , , .....21., .....1,,,1.a._ ~ _...L._1.1) ! •N il 4.4- j() ... ~..4 ~: J..," . i Ir., -,,'.'....P7 • , ‘r.-4,:z., .., 7'• ' ' „. 'll4. 4'''. ...um.- ~.. ~...:.% 4.-r•ad • , ~,,,, ~. ~6,0 o, ._ •,0 ~.... I'AN h 0 \ i f-'l - ,( ; k,4: ‘ ~?„,..,.,.p., • --,..! 7 -..,,. ~ , . . coc! • fii_'•-••'1).:., A i -,__-_-_ ~,,,,._• 91".r...,-•' .43441, ~„itiirrt-,--„, ~ a- . .-- 'A`-.' • /I\, :, .. - ...;-- • 8.W41.7t4*—. . ''' :-... X ...::',..•..eti. .---•- . 1 i'.:4o • ;.. 4., ....:,=:•....!:,..‘..166.•......1„.i. xt.,,,,.....7... _ .r, ; 0,--.0,,,..,.... . .1. ~ s 4 ~,.,: i-lr --,', —.Y., •• : • ... • ' •••."..). ''".4 ~,, ( •_ 9 . i . , - st.,>•'' ' .0 c,•9 00u,s, „v,*-.• 0 (..) - f.-n • - .., tINP----- 4,. ,-.4f-:t-,Je.:: -0 -p'4o- ' .::. •• ' ' . . 41111. t. ..•:;_eitiv7,7.4,,,.,g, CP 0 90,0„..% ,k,,e'S . . . . ~ . r - • -•,-, •.•,.=-.'•:...' .:- ,•. ...,7•?#;,, ..•-•-• - ' , •'' 11101.'' i' • '''4o" ;14'. 4 .0. ..., •.. . ~.....r. ••• ,-.:"-.L, . i' - .•,:,;.:!....7.,. • • t . wilt' . ii,,i -., . ! . - . .. . „ ... '. - -- • , in ' .. -',-, . ' • I , ',,,i '' t..t. ii.••,•.,...:-.1,..,, • ~, ...--,'..- • , ,-....- ~ ~- ~. •:, ../ .. .., .-, ~. . .... • A • '. * tk 010 , • ..

===== 0002601_19070420_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
i)20,1 ;s anid 'wooo'

stro:l duct e' To, eret"

===== 0002601_19070420_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
WASTIM OF THE RIERVES.

Crippled from Paralysis. A Missionary's Advice

Mrs. H. Wilkinson, of 44, Flax-road, Belgrave, Leicester, writes : "My little girl, aged 3, suffered from Infantile Paralysis and Nerve and Muscular Weakness. We had her some time under medical treatment, but derived no benefit. She could not walk ; alone, or even stand, or turn over in bed. At last I was recommended by Mr. Abbott, Police Court Missionary in this town, whom you had cured of a bad case of Paralysis of the i nerves, to try Dr. Cassell's Tablets. I did so, and after five " months' treatment my little girl could walk by herself, and she iS much stronger and three pounds heavier. Everybody marvels Miss Wilkinson. at the cure, and I am delighted to give you these facts for the benefit of other sufferers."

Dr. CIISSOWS Tablets build flesh. vitalize the nerves and invigorate the whole system. They can be taken by young as well as old, and by stout people also without fear of increase of adipose tissue, owing to their extraordinary power of absorbing fat and converting it into blood, bone mnscle, and healthy flesh. Dr. Casson's Tablets cure the most pronounced cases of

WORST CASE IN TOWN.

Mr. 0. Abbott, a well-known lecturer and late Police Court Missionary, of 35, Gipsy-road, Leicester, a gentleman who enjoys great popularity in the town, tells the following interesting story of his marvellous cure by Dr. Cassell's Tablets. Mr. Abbott. writes About 4 years ago I suffered dreadfully from paralysis of the nerves, and chronic dyspepsia. I was very weak and fleshless, and unable to walk. I was conaned to my bed for over 6 months, and my doctor told me I should never get up again. I tried many different medicines but all to no use. Mine . was the worst Case in the town. At last Dr. Cassell's Tablets Came under my notice. I tried them, and after 10 days' treatment I was able to walk across the bedroom with the aid of a stick, and I gradually improved until now I am strong and in the best of health, and new flesh has been built up, and I am back again to my old weight, viz., 13 stone.

‘•• , , • . . . . • • „ . • ,

===== 0002601_19070420_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
- ;;;., •tir ' **4 64.

• t

WEAK AND

7 are a a . .

SPRING COUGHS.

More people are suCering from

, throat ai chest coughs just now than ever. Peps will rid you of the chest weakness caused by the recent hard winttr, and guard • ,e_Jc.7-..vvz,r.r.• you against the perils ot the fickle spring weather. Peps are free troin all narcotics, and are unrivalled for the chest troubles of old and young. Of and *per box of all chemists.

**it Pine Forest i'very Rom(

WOMAN'S REALM.

~...„:„., v; 45 vili .4 it _ 0 e. 4.,,t ----..soi , , *'• .1,1 -4'.Z.i. t?it-11 I . ~ , -,Z • ..-.;) '' - :V. . '-''.. ~:!: ' '.• S-

===== 0002601_19070420_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
DRESS-FASHION-HOME,

SUMMER HALF MOURNING.

So many people who have to wear mourning in the heat of the summer are puzzled 'what to choose for cool morning wear. Of course, in the afternoon there are all sorts Of lovely black transparencies, but a completely black washing frock is a difficulty indeed, says a Veen writer. If it is permissible to include a tiny white pin spot, the old-dashioned bird's-eye "cotton" in black is a useful choice worn with embroidered muslin collar and cuffs, or a little chalk-white Irish guipure at neck and elbows. Made in the simplest blouse-suit style this is an infaluable frock, and another with a hair-line of white on black may accompany it. Black linen, of course, is always poSsiMe, and there is shantung, and a material which looks like a combination of the two, for all black gowns. Black muslin, either plain, or again with a pin-spot, embroidered in white or mauve, is always nice, and a grey muslin dotted with black and trimmed with black lace—never combine any muslin but pure white with guipure or bands of insertion is my advice— can be made most becoming. to women still quite young as well as to their elders.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
SKIRT WITH SEPARATE FOUNDATION.

Quite of the latest and most approved type is the graceful skirt pictured in our illustration. Fine cloth, silk, or voile would all be suitable materials for its realisation; but the lining must, in any case, be separate from the overskirt except for the joining at the waist. The skirt is made with a shaped seam up the centre of the front, skid has just a suspicion of gathers at

the waist. . Cut to rest upon the ground all round, the skirt has the merest suggestion of a train at the back, and is suitable as an accom- paninient to dressy muslin and silk blouses, or to wear with one of the new and extremely smart short sack coats of silk. It should prove a valu- able addition to the summer wardrobe, especi- ally as it requires but little making. The two belts sketched in the picture are else of the latest type, the one on the left being composed of black satin, the other of fine soft doeskin.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
A SOCIETY OF SOCIETY GIRLS.

Lady Muriel Gore-Browne ii lending her house for a meeting of the girls' branch of the Nati- onal Society of Day Nurseries, and Lady Bea- trice Moore has consented to be president for the first year. This branch, says the Onlookcr, is to consist of young society girls, who will have their own committee, secretary, and treasurer, and their aim is to raise funds for the society and to hold a ball once a year in aid of the same charity.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
TEli MIIBREOOI4 HAT.

The mushroom hat as worn on the Riviera this year by Frenchwomen shadows none of the charms of brow or coiffure, says a Skath writcr. It is set on the back of the head and shades the back of the heck like a Sailor's, sou'-wester. The pretty waved coiffure and the face are unshaded save by a parasol.. Englishwomen adopt this way of wearing the mushroomhat less whole- heartedly—or perhaps I should say less whole- headedly; they wear the hair high and the hat poised slightly back on it. In this way they gain the double advantage of some little shade for the eyes, aid have nothing to -obscure the setting of the head and its carnage—usually a good point of. the average Englishwoman.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
PRETTY SHIRT BLOUSE.

Altogether smart and pleasing is the becoming little shirt blouse pictured in our sketch. As the idea is that it should form an accompani- ment to a dressy afternoon. skirt or costume,

some rather good material should be chosen for its realisation—silk, linen, taffetas, soft satin, and foulard all being suitable for the purpose. Down the centre front runs a stitched plastron of the material, which is cut out in a deep point at the top and fastens over with a single row of buttons. On either side of thi, plastron come four or five short tucks, set into a stitched shoul- der strap, which comes well down on to the sleeve to give the all-important long-shoulder

effect. From the neck ;urns back a small stitched collar, the vest and neckband being made of spotted net finished with a. cravat of xelvet Zhe kiuue ides. ausrht

WHY SHOULIP Li GO To RICHMOND JONES & SONS for a Piano ? BECAUSE they will supply you with the best instrument in the trade at the lowest price.

HERE IS A LINE. Beautiful Walnut or Rosewood PIANOFORTE, Artistic marqueterie panel, iron frame, check action, full compass, celeste pedal, brass sconces. 10/6 PER MONTH. 21 GUINEAS NET CASH. UNEQUALLED IN THE TRADE. HERE IS ANOTHER LINE. Handsome AMERICAN ORGAN, Bright polished case, bevelled mirror top, music receptacle and knee swell, 3/- per month. 8 GUINEAS NET CASH. NOTHING LIKE IT AT THE PRICE ELSEWHERE. OLD INSTRUMENTS TAKEN IN EXCHANGE. Write or better still call for illustrated art catalogue W FREE ON APPLICATION.

RICHMOND JONES & SONS, 11 & 13 Berry St., LB/EMU. (Top of BOLD ST,)

' '• r 10 .e• t... 4 , , /4,/: I • • 14 , \........, , .. .... ,r. ii 1.--,itb • ~$ • -,—.,..iillimiw.,- • o'4'o ' railiqic: I . fpliiii•igg. • ,4„.:,,,,, •:. / _ , •.., -.- ..., , ~.......- 1 / f 4 '' 1---.•;1 'lleilij 1 16 t

===== 0002601_19070420_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
; ~,,ii, ',...' .‘FP ... ,- ,:-.A, 4,..7..,,,..,'-!,....,. • .. . ---- -

;7,

===== 0002601_19070420_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
rutty ,carrrect on In wasnuig. material. but is that case a lingerie cheiniseite should replace that of net.

A NEW WALE,

It is curious, remarks the Tager, how each Fear women seem to adopt a different walk; either in some subtle way our clothes influence our walk or it is that when everybody begins to walk with a smart swing we get bored with the sight and promptly droop and dawdle. It was most marke /1 how with the advent of tiny one- sided hats :Ind short, swinging skirts we all be- came quite aggressively perky and apparently always in a hurry; and now under the influence of poetic hats and long skirts we have utterly collapsed. The long Empire or Grecian draperies and Japanese shoulders that are influencing us just, now cause quite a new walk. We droop ex- cessively and gently sail along, our long, clinging tkirts making short, slow steps a positive necessity.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S REOIPE.

PIGION PlE.—Clean and wipe four pigeons. Split and put in a saucepan with enough good broth to nearly cover. Simmer slowly until ten- der. Take out and remove some of the larger bones. Cut the hearts and livers into bits. Have ready four hard-boiled eggs, sliced. Butter a deep pudding dish qnd fill with layers of the pigeons' eggs and minced heart and liver. Sea- son with salt and pepper, make a gravy with a tablespoonful each of butter and flour, and one and a-half cupfuls of broth. Season with salt and pepper, and pour one-half into dish. Cover with a layer of paste, making an incision in the middle of the crust, and ornamenting the edge with braids. leaves, or rolls of crust. Bake for one hour in a rnoneratery not oven. w Lea nearly done, brush over the top of the pie with the yolk of an egg, beaten with a little milk. Gem hot with the rest of the gravy.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSEBREAKING AT WARRINGTON.

Important Capture by the Police.

At the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday, before Mr. C. Jackson Holmes and Mr. W. Richardson, Thomas Bell, 128, Berry's-lane, St. Helens, and Hugh Beattie, last from Lymm and formerly of Knutsford-road, War- were charged: (1) Breaking and entering the dwelling- house of Edward Powell, 13, Edgeworth-street, between 3 p.m. and 9 p.m. on Wednesday, December 26th, and stealing articles of a total value of £lO, the property of Edward Powell ; (2) breaking and entering the house of William Wood, joiner, 6, Orford-avenue, between 2.30 p.m. and 6 p.m. on Thursday, February 21st, and stealing goods to the value of £l5, the property of Isabella Wood; (3) breaking and entering the dwelling- house of Annie Clayton, widow, 280, Manchester-road, Warrington, between 2.50 p.m. and 3.30 p.m. on Tuesday March 12th, and stealing jewellery valued at £l2, the property of Nellie Clayton. Superintendent Monaghan, detailed the facts of the cases. After the thefts had been reported to the police nothing further was heard until Tuesday last week when Bell went to a pawnbroker's shop in St. Helens, and offered a watch taken from Mr. Powell's house in pledge. The pawnbroker had information from the Warrington police about the robbery, and he at once sent for the police, and Bell was arrested. He was brought to Warrington and in a statement incriminated Beattie,who was arrested. Prisoners were charged together, and Beattie said, "I did that job. Let him (Bell) go." He (the superintendent) now wished to withdraw the case against Bell, and call him as a witness. Bell did not know that the watch be tried to pledge had been stolen. —On Friday, he (the Superintendent) bad an interview with Beattie, and told him there was a lot of jewellery missing. Beattie said," Well, if you will take me out I will show you where it is." He declined to say where , it was without going out, and they took a cab and went to a house in Knutsford-road. In the kitchen Beattie pat his foot on a flag and said," It is there. Lift that flag up." Buried beneath the flag they discovered a canister containing stolen property, relating to other robberies in Orford-avenue and Manchester-road, and also the proceeds of two robberies at Stockton Heath, one at Runcorn. one at St. Helens. and one at Widnes.

Evidence was given by the owners of the recovered property. _

. Bell iave evidence to the effect that Beattie made him a present of the watch. He was not aware that it had been stolen.

Prisoner had nothing to say in answer to the charge. Superintendent Monaghan remarked that there were three other cases of housebreaking which prisoner admitted. These were at Miss Coxon's, Latchford •, at Mr. Donaldson's, 38, Crosfield-street, from which place some Australian mining share certificates and other important documents were stolen; and at another house in Manchester-road, which was entered on the day of General Buller's visit.

Prisoner was committed to the Liverpool Quarter Sessions for trial.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
AWFUL SUFFERING Of UTILE BR

Bad Sores Sp read Al WverFfls Head— Grew Worse Under Doctor's Care —Cuticura Effects Perfect Cures Bringing Relief with First Set.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
FATHER RECOMMENDS CUTICURA TO EVERY ONE

"When my little boy was about four years old (he is now about six and a half years) a spot appeared on the side of his face just under the ear. After a time it broke and spread further down. I took him to a doctor as soon as it appeared. He was under his orders for about three or four months when he was much worse. Seeing in a paper a Cuticura advertisement I went and got a complete set of the Cuticura Remedies, the Cuticura Ointment, Cuti- cura Soap, and Cuticura Resolvent. I took him away from the doctors and gave him these Cuticura Remedies. I used two large bottles of Resolvent, five tablets of Cuticura Soap, and two or three tins of Cuticura Ointment. From the first bottle he began to mend and before he had finished the two he was wholly mended. About twelve months after he broke out again at the back of the neck and it spread all over the head. I had one large and two small bottles of Cuticura Resolvent, three tins of Cuticura Ointment, and four tablets of Cuticura Soap before I got it mended. I think it took me about three months each time. It is now about eighteen months since he was ill, and it has not broken out again, so I think he is all right now, thanks to Cuticura. I always recommend Cuticura wherever I can, and I will always have pleasure in answering any Inquiries. R. Scarth, 25 Newport Rd., Middlesborough, York, June 24, 1906."

===== 0002601_19070420_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE NIGHT TREATMENT

For Sore Hands and Feet with Cuticura.

Soak the hands or feet on retiring in a strong, hot, creamy lather of Cuti- cura Soap. Pry and anoint freely with Cuticura Ointment, the great Skin Cure. Wear on the hands during the night old, loose gloves, and bandage the feet lightly in old soft cotton or linen.

Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour of Infants, Children, and Adults consists of Cuticura Soap to Cleanse the Skin, Cuti- cura Ointment to Heal the Skin. and Cuticura Re- solvent Pills (Chocolate Coated) to Purify the blood. A Single Set often Cures. Sold throughout the world Depots: London, 27 Charterhouse Sq.; Paris. 5 Rue de la Pais Australia., R. Towns & CO.. Sydney; Potter Drug & Chem. Corp.. Sole Props. Post-free. Cuttcura Book on Skin Diseases.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
BEST FAMILY MEDICINE

WORSDELL'S Kaye 95 Poll • In Use 100 years. Are a certain cure for Indigestion, Biliousness, Readaebe, Dyspepsia, Constipation, LiYer and Kidney Complaints, de. Invaluable for Ladies' Of all Chemists, 1/li, 2/9, and 14/6 per box, or on receil4i of amount 53, St. George's, Norwich.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
TOOTH-ACHE

eIIRFD INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S PreveveseiTescsariSztvt:spErexvternactetido.n, NESURTILGITI, HEADACHE, NER VINE and all NERVE PAINS removed by BUNTER'S NERVINE. All Stores, 18. lid. Or receipt of amount 13, Sr. GEORGEs STREET, NORWICH. A. &specific of Toothache it has no equal. I have used it successfully for years,'—Pnov, W WILSON, 31 D.

EYES TESTED FREE.

BY THE MOST APPROVE]

F. H. ARCHER, 8.0. A MOST MODERAIR PRICLA 7011 SPECTACI..

AND BYEGLABSES. PERFECT FIT. Arzei-{ER & SONS, Speciaiists,

73, LORD STREZT, LIVERPOOL.

:LECTRICIANS e WI, In yi nu by porin sigt.toerer, lgood position as an Electrical or Meeba'ici s lor for Blectrie Light and PowPr, Tramway and Motor lCar Work. Send for free book to bLrcernrcal lu:TGINEFII INSTITUTE 413, Norwich House, boutbanap- ron :A., Holborn, London.

D METHOD. F .S. .0

===== 0002601_19070420_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
GIVEN AIN

COUG

, L ...z................ - - , --. VAlllustrated 1111. 0 , . zoo-Page .. List F65R.CE,ciEes! Id" new and second-hand, from 2151. each. Eadie's and B.S.A. in stock. 150 rotor Cars, great bargains. Send C7I.7CLES• LaforgreLzst'sdteaalndersseeinmtarshe•ewlloorulsd.offeArgtents r nenrytaccchesescarn tlainatnecLothieors. l. D ,n't rniqs sending P.C. for List. FREE TO ALL. & CO. Weston-super-Mare, Eng. FO tiS 8c coLDs- AB, USE it • ---,.. ....._. c.----. 0 \ *, ae t7i!' LINSEED -1 f''' TRAD bRCOMPOU pi 05515111100cuccitiamdue: , ' rall'S COMPOUND ESSEtic- f"'"? ;-I. OF LINSEED AIMEE) E 7 ''' 1.., \ .4,..0.... .......____ 10, ‘ ' rz.:-`7 • , , i • INSEED COAIPOUND" 0•111•...../•••••••..111•=1. Is a reliable old English home 7. remedy. It softens hard phlegm, permitting it to be expectorated -.. without atraiiii soothing the membranes and .. allay"' .g the irritation so commonly ex- .l perienced. There is nothing to equal it. Of ; all Chemists at home and abroad. Befuse he i fumy substitutes offered. Price, 9ic1..1/li, 29. . • .

===== 0002601_19070420_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070420_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WARRILOW

===== 0002601_19070420_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
ebe eramtntr Onus

OP WRIIII-END NBWSPAPHIiB COMPRISBB tiß WARRINGTON MID-CHRSHIRB EXAMINBR. .1 published every Se, urday morning. The Tirincipal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington' Stockton m Beath, Penketh Winwick, Padgate, Lyn, &4., being one of the Largest and Beet Weekly Papers in Lanes- hire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper corn- arises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Latina- phire and Mid-Cheshire.

(pHs RUNCORN EXAMINBR, published every Saturday JL morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers.

TIRE WIDSES IDE/AMINES published every Saturday A. morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a pidtv gr,)win; a 3qtre A industry.

rpm] BARLIISTOW N AND NIIWTON ISX&MINHR, 1 published every 3aturday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Harlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Haydock. Lowton. dm. The district thus mock d s s mast, icap)rbt it pert of Lae Linushire coal- Ids.

MEM ST. IMAM MEAMINRS, published every 1 Eaturday morning, circulating In st. Helens, Prescot, Parr. Sutton, Peasley Cross. fto • -the centre of the Ells,, ChemiJal and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVKRTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTEr. HOUSES WANTED.

APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE iOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three Rix Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. Bd. ls. 34. ... 21. Od. 3s. 9d. 27 ... Os. 9d. Is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Od. 36 ... ls. Od. ... 2s. 61. ... 4s. Od. 65. ed. 45 ... Is. 3d. ... 3s, Id. ... 5., Od. 7s. Od. 64 ... la. 6s. ... 3s. Bd. ... Eis. od. ... 10s. Od.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Bommitt berbantcs, ett.

fIOUSICr AID ilequired for Girls' Friendly Home of Rest, Llandudno; reference.—Apply MAThON.

WANTHID capable GEiNlifiA.L. Family five. Wages £2O. —Mrs. Fs.wcETT. Sunny Bank. Lancaster.

MODICRIBFF'S IibGISTRY OPPICI3, Llangollen, has several Vacancies for gisaci Servants of all classes,

WANTS D good GHN SRA I. SHSVAST, age about 25. Apply Mrs. Shaw, Malt Shovels Hotel, Altrinchim.

WANTRD, COOK-GHNERAL and HOUSEMAID- WAITRHSS—Mrs. Biwa'Es, 185. Drake at,, Rochdale.

ANI ANTED good HOUSEMAID at once, about 25; wiling to assist in bar.—Mrs. MURPHY, kitarkie Anus, Pali- ham. Lane..

WANTED, GENERAL; good referencei ; three in tami!y,—Apply 11. Circular rd., Withington, aneh.ter.

WARM) good MINIMAL ; must have good refer- ences.—Apply WALL Bum, 37. Preston, New rd„ Blank burn.

A ccuuo 4BM tailTS.—Good private home; terms moder: la. ate.—H., 3, Albert rd., Tonbricge. Kent.

100 IVORY VISITING CARDS (name address), Is. agents wanted.— JACKSON. Printer, Stony stratford

===== 0002601_19070420_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Ui ANTI4D good GIINERAL ; age about 20; small TV family.—Apply Mrs. WlLcox. 47, tlebool rd., bale, 201.neheeter.

ANTHD.—GBNISHAL and Housemaid Waitress; privat fl state Wages, references, Ito —Mrs. FARBER, 57),Lytham rd., Blackpool.

-DLACKPI Generals, Cook-Generals aud Housemaids WANTRD at once.—" liEuescz," defect Registry, 7, Park Avenue. WANDS!), superior 000K-GUNRRAL and HOUSR- MAI D-WAITRESS for family of four.—Mrs.CITRNICk , Netherlev. Bowdon.

WAISTSD.—A Good. Strong Young WObIA.S, as GliN/CHAL SERVAIS.r for a Chip Stiop.—Apply 141, Albert rd., Whines.

WANIIM, strong GIRL. about 16, for honse-work. • country girl pre.erred. —Apply litansnErf, 2a2, Ashton rd., ()Idham. WANTBD, GB MAL SBILVANr references required. —Apply Mrs. Namoft, confectioner, 38 and 40, Victoria at., Fewtown. Wigan.

WbND illtialbTitY. 16, South st.,Manchester. require immediately all classes Domestic Servants, Nurses. Highest wages.

WANTHUP a Respectable GIRL as Housemaid. About 17. —Apply Mrs. PaLsuu, 244 Great Clowes et.. Higher Broughtou, isancheeter.

WANTED, GIRL about 16; one used to children; refer- ence required; gm! home.—apply A. H. HAEMIBON, 94, Heaton lane, bttokport.

WANTED, an experienced GENERAL ; good wages, small family ; no washlng.—Apply, 4, BIRCH AVENUE, Old Trafford, Markel:meter.

DOMESTIO SERVANTS wanting comfortable Situations, good wages, write Mrs. Loci, Moss lane West, Man- chester. So lee till suited.

WANTED, honest GIKL, age 18; to do housework and generilly useful ; good home.—Apply Mrs. Immix, 15, High it., Padiham.

WANTbD. Haperleneed GHNHHAL, for Nurses' Home; able to cook; goo,* wages.—Apply Mrs. CRlrsii, 2, Rictunoud st., Ashton-under-Lyne.

ANIED, go,:d GHNlclt4 SVANT, aged about 2; ; V refereneei required.— tpply any thy after 2 o'e.oL.a, Miss WRIGHT, 1, Park rd., twin

WANTED for OLNIfiY IiksINERAL :AiItVALNI. Good character, all duties, 8 tau, %idges.-11ri. WocCucK. Burnedge House Lo., near Oldham.

VVaN1111) Young GULL as General for two ladies, uear New Prighton. Must be Protestant.—Apply Mrs. AumsTßolio, 37, Dee Banks, Chester.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
WA'ZITHD GOOK-Glollitt&L for small family, £25, also VV Waltretia,Housemaid-Waltresaes arLi capable henerals.- 51rb. MORTIMER. it, Hale rd., Bowdon.

A.UNDkitsSa,.--slotber and Daughter or Sisters Want-4, 1.1 Family three. bevea servants. —Mins Askrwoßnt, Greenhill rd., Cheetham Hill. Manchester.

- WEa, Tls;D, lalitil 1.-llia ; oue who la a good washer and cleaner ; good ttharacter indispenble.—Apply, . Mrs. FALMHAW, Black Pull Inc, Chttbura. Clitheroe.

w41141}1.1).—001,11.-lif.2111.11,ALS, a.lao you:ag Houeemnid- Waitress for vicarage. with go3o referencts.—Mrs. CoUPIR, 4, Eelton rd., Litherland. Liverpool.

ANThill, clean, reiprct.ble WOMAN for tarmhowie ; able tomilk ; good nume ; no chil,iren —App.y JAMES PRAY• Grundy'. Farm. Deane, Lostcck, Bolton.

-- W AISTED, good GENI4I4AL SiiRVANT for May lit; Em! family ; god wages to cap tole persou.— Mrs. DEANDEN, Carr Motu, Eawtenetalt Maticheeter.

NV' ANTAL) good GIRL as General. Fond ot children Y Out betore. Age 17 to 1:i. Fare paid. Wages RLO, Mrs. CARaoLL, 3. Earleston rd , Li.c.rd, Cheshire.

QUPhRIOtt Generale, Cook-Generals, Housemaids, Waitresaes Wanted. Immediately ; fares paid ; good Wages ; no delay.—Write mi.. NEWTON, teat Underbauk, Stockpoit.

ANTBlLNtaL,tcotoughly respeutable girl about T 15 ; two in family ; comfortable Dome ; excellent references required. —apply LSLIN COTTIGIL, lircoklands, near Alanabester.

WANTED, experienced NU RSH. to take cle clurge of two Lit t:e boys (10 mouths and 4 years); well, sp 'den ; ; ; linuts- healthy ; highest references good needlewornan fori otstrict —Mrs. YEER Ghovis, Woodbank, oandlway, Sorthwich.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
CO be ttt.

r.B.NKIVISH.— GOOD HMIS/ill WITH GMID/INS. 3s. 9d per week, also Cottages .ss. 6d. and Zs. 6d. per week. IVY LODGH,FPOCiIIALL LANB, redu:ed reut. WASH LAZilt

:0 LL KRIM. OFFICHS,ground floor. 4.110 upper rooms. W.OhKIIOOSI J gear Bridge at reet, reut bd. per week. 47, Mai ROAD, rent 4e. bd. per week. BANK STlthW.l, Stall Stable with good Yard and Cart Shed. COlasiil SHOP 2, School Brow, reduce-A rent ss, Ed. per week, 59, OTHEILINH S'l RIOT, rent 4s. per week. Apply Kosztrr Low, &tate Agent,No. 1 Bank-street War- rington. Telephone—No 55.

TO LIST 17, FOLLY LANti.—Apply WOODS & ott A Solicitors, linrsemarket areet Warrington.

l'O Lin GOOD HOUSII, Parker street, real. 353. month A. clear, will be cleaned for good tenlot.—Apply WOODS 50If, Solicitors, Warrington.

DIABLIANG-HOUSIL—TO B 1.1111, with Immo:Unto possession, No. 19, Stnnley at., containing two enter- taining rooms, kitchen, scullery and pantry ; five bedrooms bathroom ; outside washhouse ; mut ; there is an access to both houses from bt. Austin's lane.—Apply J. and W. DUTIoN. Sankey at., Warrington

===== 0002601_19070420_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
ett.

--- ----- AS BLiGitiRS RBPAILLBD, Boring, Turning, and sue w curting.—Mour D. Sell() st Ritun. Bury.

T Ia WoltltiYutJi WHILE ti BUY YOUR LUBA'. C&NTS Diiu. RELIANCE HION-OLASS NON- CORROSIVE largest sale In the word. IINGINj OIL, 111 d. CYLINDKR OIL. 110., badCHINARY OIL, 141., 81-11iDLIt OIL, 9.t. Cia.B ENOIN/ii OIL, is. 6d., DYNAMO OIL. Is. 60. per gallon ; in barrels, free and carriage paid. RELIANCE LUBRICe,TINO. OIL COMPANY, 19 and 20, Water lane, Great Tower at., London. WO. Also 99, Great Clyne st., Glasgow ; I,9andhill,Quayside,Newcastle-on-Tyne. PATtisT o FICA N Q TER lln.e.mi.ienica La 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIS & SON have ham aicre than 40 years' personal experienceln eonnection with this Establish ment.andpossesspractlealknowledve of the ootton,woolltn and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price is. ,Ent °Rem DAVIES, C.E., & SON, 111.11.4.., 4, ST. ANN S SQI7ARE,MIABOHHBTHR.

ST. GliUrsuli'S IRON WORKS, LIMUrtiD (late Orc in rod) °Hereon and Co.), Hulme, Manchester, have the Lirost Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTRIINS in the trade. In addition have purchased all Wheel, Pulley nod Tooth Block Patterns U., teloroglng to the late Pieury Wren and 00., London•road iron Works, Manchester, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Mlllwright,and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly.—Oatelogdea of Wheels and kniley Patterns oniappliaation. N.T„ No. 229, Manchester: iddrass: Orr:annul %Maras, Manalisater."

QUPECRINTBNDHISTS AND ORGANISBRY, -HOUSH Pin:CHASM WITH ORDINARI AND INDUSTRIAL ASSURANCB.—tieveral good openings lu Warrington and other distzieti, Salary and commission, for men of proved ability.—Apply (fa isonidence) Tax PaovixciaL MOM'S IN•MTINNINT COMPANY LTD.. and Dix Losnon AID lilio- TtsciAL &BPl:ratios CIoIiPAXY LTD. Disbrist Dace 2,11•ps 0 boalters, 107, Wicket Nansliestvr.

DHAMSOB'S WHISKLY.-2500 a Year for Life Competi- tico. Solutions all based on best Pictorial Dictionaries (Murray, Century, Imperial, &a.) Arranged in three 'columns ; col. 1. contains Solution ; eol. 2, explanation and Ruth°, ities where needed ; col. 3 other solutions with reasons for rejection. No confu,ing 'alternatives.' no mispronunci- ation, no • faked' words, no absurdities. Many appreciative letters from clients. P.O. sixpence (not stamps), and stamped addressed envelope for a dozen specimens, with full particulars and valuable notes on Pesrson's Rates. (A further 2s. 6d. and two stamped addressed envelopes covers full coat from commencement to close of Competition.)--T. St. Audrew's Church Bulkliags, 151evraskaMed-osa-Tyste.

11()RPULlifIC14 and its dangers ; sufferers from this dim- lJ tressing condition should write for booklet of inlet rules, etc., sompiled by a famous physician, post free le.—Mr. Pliraait-CoLussi, ñs Horse, eliromd pd., alswesesee.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, April 20, 1907.

liatOellantous, on Andts, etc.

8/11 (Lateh), Ladies Smart Walking out Shoes (list).— PANNRLL'e, Haelemere, Surrey.

1 ARON QUANTITY WIHN HOPE £3 ton, makes excellent 1 A fenclng.—BkowN, 10, Beech st , Liverpool.

poultry, ett.

QPLIMDID Pen BARRqD ROOECi, 28 6d. per sitting.— J. JAcKsox (Butler). Beach Houße. Lytham.

T IVB CIHICKI.—Oross bred 65., Dore Bs. dozen ; 16 vane- LA 14. Bridge rd.. Hammersmith. London.

Irtotor eagsleveltO, (sarriagrOt etc

BST PLACE on earth far CYCLES. Easy payments, Lists free.—HEBDEN'Ill, Suburban Works, Burnley. A, (=YUMA Cy....1a Lamps, porcelain reflectors, 4s. 11d. LI Plated wide wick oil, 25.3d.—nstDE's 4TOREEI Midhurst.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
ittottiss, Oporos, taarrnne • Qllotabo.l liftisallaneou9, on aalts, eft.

DoUGLA.S.—Dodswottlfe Borrding Houso,on the Queen's Promenade, facing sea; liberal table, good cooking pleasant company; terms 51 6d per day, no extras.--Po farthur particulars apply to WILLIAM W, DODSWORT°6 Proprietor.

LONDON. W ILD' 6 TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. TO 40 LTJDGATH HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, KUSTON SQUARE. Holz COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET; CENTRAL ROB BUSINESS cm PLEASURE.

FIIHRKE OAK CHESTS for sale.--Apply 151. Nonni ED., JL. St Helene.

DOT- 1 RDS. Views, Actresses, comic, 7d. doz. ;25 15.- 1 DENNY. 16 Glengarry rd., Dulwich. London.

SU ITS from 21.; cloth from le. H. per yard ; patterns tree.—WoonuousE, Nl.nutacturer,

BABY'. .3 Long Clothes. '5O useful amides, 2)s.—Lltt, on application.—lSWAßT, Underclothing Maker, Maryport.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
WHIN EMITTING, Wire Fencing, Wood Trellis, lowest prices.—WlßEwoßics Co., Call lane, Leeds.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
TURPHNTISki. If you are users of this article write to 1 the CHARTER TURPENTINE CO, Charters at., Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
SPORTSMAN.—Full particulars; sure winner, City and Suburban; 6 stamps.—RowE, 16, Somerby at., Grimsby.

110HOTOS COPIED.-6 for Is. 6d.. 2s. 6d. per dozen.- 1_ IRSTER BROS., International Medalists, Seaford, Sussex.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
DOULTHY-PARillfila PAY.-111uatrated book of all requisites.free.—ALLEN POULTRY Co., Sawbridgeworth.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Capartmento,jurnisbeb 30 ouses, Bct

===== 0002601_19070420_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
PPUBINTIOIin WANTMD tor dressmaking.—apply is 11. B. CoIINEY, 74, Manchester rd., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Atnbotastic.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0063.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MI Ail tel 3

===== 0002601_19070420_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
1 MPICRIAL BOOT POLISH. —Good Proflt. Kecipe nommen, 63, Vine st., Openshaw, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
OHOTO POSTOAtiDS of yourself 2s. doz., send photo.— ALBERT, 59, West Kensington Mansions, London,

HOT-Altt BATH MOB SALK with Bunsen burner and gas connect ion.—Address or apply 2(2, WILDERBPOOL ItD,

===== 0002601_19070420_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
LAUB.—Monster parcel manufacturer's oddments. ls. returned if dissatistied.—RosmoN.96, Curzon st.,Derby;

===== 0002601_19070420_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
ITAIR NITS. large size, 32 a 34, ls. 10d. dozen ; satis- faction guaranteed. - flaraPrort. Wren at., Coventry.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
/toroto, Bogo, Etbe altork &r.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ebutattort.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
WALLASE Y GRA &MAE RCEIOOL. Boarders taken by Kilereggan.Biount rd., New Brlghban.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
WARTS, sure cure, le. post free.—W. Lim, 174, Rose et:, Edinburg.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
DILES Cured without Operation ; six genuine recipes, ls.—H. CLAHH. Canal et., Derby.

EillZl3blA.—Sure eafe Oure. Recipe [HA list free.— TRwArnte, Hertallst, Stockton-on-Te,s.

LCZ/981A.-7id. or 18. Id. brings box now remedy.— czozNCo.,76,Lonsdale rd.. Levenshnlme, Manchester.

A NTI-UHRUMATIC RINGB from 35. 6d. post free; send tik for list.—Al RUM CO.. 11, Cranbury rd , Reading,Berks.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL VISIT TO WARRINGTON. . GREGORY'S CAFE,

5 BUTTERMARKET ST., (MARKET GATE). BY SPECIAL REQUEST OP SEVERAL WARRINGTON LADIES

MRS. CLARA F. SLATER

OP SOUTHPORT), HAS DECIDED TO MAKE A SPECIAL VISIT TO

WARRIN G roN ON

WEDNESDAY NEXT, APRIL 24TH. Visits also at the

TEMPERANCE HALL, GEORGE STREET,

CHESTER, on TUES: DAY, APRIL 23rd, and

at the BALFOUR

INSTITUTE, SMITH- DOWN RD., LIVER- POOL, on THURSDAY, APRIL 25th. /

Will visit the above addresses after an absence

of several years. Ruptures, Women's Inward Weaknesses Cured Without Operation

or Inward Instruinents.

The great difficulty is to persuade sufTerers •

that they have nothing . to be afraid of. One who came said: "WHY MRS SLATER? I WAS AFRAID OF COMING, but had I known who I was coming to I shouldn't have had any need. IT'S MORE LIKE SEEING A FRIEND than anyone else." STOUT LADIES, THE COMPRESS BELT REDUCES

THE MEA.SURBMENTS 4 To 8 INCITES.

NOTE.—The most eminent operating surgeon alive said : —"lf the use of inward instruments were persisted in, they would have to build a hospital to trout the CANCERS and TUMOURS created by them." EXTRACTS FROM A FEW LETTERS WILL

• _ 0,. ) et - . 1/Isl

===== 0002601_19070420_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
SPEAR FOR THEMSELVES.

DON'T PUT IT OFF ANY LONGER. It is important that any wishing to see her should lose no time in doing so. Your neighbours on every side can testify to the benefit they have derived from her treatment.

A LADY FROM TATTENHALL, in sending a friend to be measured, also sent the follow- ing message :—" Toll Mrs. Slater I would not be with- out my belt for the world, although I have only had it a short time."

===== 0002601_19070420_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
"WORTH ITS WEIGHT IN GOLD."

The above was the remark passed by another 13dy in regard to one of Mrs. Slater's Belts. A STOUT LADY RESIDING IN CHESTER and who had an appliance about a fortnight ago for difficulty of breathing in walking, owing to the weight of her body, said :—I walked further than I had done for eight years, I felt to well ; I cannot say too much about your appliances." ONE WHO HAS BEEN GOING TO THE LIVERPOOL HOSPITAL FOR FORTY YEARS, WROTE :

"Dear Mrs.Slater,—l hare only been wearing your Belt three weeks but it has done me more good than any- thing else. 'I intend to do you all the good I can." ANOTHER FROM BROUGHTON SAID :

"Doctors have all told me there wan nothing but instruments would do Imo any good. A friend per- suaded me to see you, much against my will, as I had no faith in anybody, and a blousing it has been to me that I did so. Sim:Ns doing away with the instruments and wearing your applianoe I feel like another woman. I have never felt so well for twenty years." Hundreds like the above could be put down,but there is no room. What haa been done for others may be done for you. ANOTHER WROTH FROM WATERTON :

"Like hundreds more I hive suffered from the wear- ing of instruments, but since wearing your appliance I am now strong and healthy. It gives me pleasure t,o testify to the good you did me." Olin FROM NESTON WRITS

"Your appliance and treatment made another baing of ma. I had been an unfortunate wearer of an instrument, and no one but myself knows the suffering I went through. Since seeing you my life has been what it had not been for years—that is free from pain. I cannot thank you enough." ONE FROM MILLINQTON WRITRS:—

"It is impossible for me to express my feeling of gratitude to you. If equally successful in dealing with all your cases no surprise can be felt at the sucoess which attended your visit to Liverpool." . ANOTHER FROM SALTNEY SAYS : . _ _ -

"1 had been a suffe-rerer from internafweaknessea for many years. Your treatment completely cured me, and I am proud to Bay I now feel as strong sa ever I did in my life." STOUT LADIES, THE COMPRESS BELT REDUCES THE MEASUREMENTS 4 TO 8 inchert.

FOR FIIRTMIR PA liiTICIJLAR6 SIX

London has contrived to THE COLONIAL express the national feeling PREMIERE. concerning the Imperial

Conference. It exhibited an overwhelming gladness at the sight of the representatives of our Colonies. This demonstra- tion of the pride we take in our kin beyond the seas will we venture to anticipate, be the chief result of such a gathering of the leading statesmen living under the British flag as has not pre- viously been seen. The practical outcome of the Conference will be to make the Colonies better known to the Mother Country and the Mother Country more appreciative of the Colonies. The idea that some new tie is to be forged has no foundation in the facts of the case, or, indeed, in ' common sense. No new tie is necessary. It is better—very much better—that the Colonies should be attached to us by silken bonds than by steel chains, as Sir Wrurrun N LAunran, with his happy eloquence, said at the Guildhall. There is no loyalty like the loyalty of free men, and no bond like the bond of freedom. We welcome the Conference, for one thing, because 1 from the beginning it demonstrate" the vanishing nature of Ike situation mated by Mr. thitAxmlip.

LAIN. Sir WILFRID LAURIER'S speech was throughout the best kind of evidence possible that the teaching of Mr. LYTTELTON'S predecessor at the Colonial Office has in no way sunk into the hearts of the wiser and abler of our Colonial states- men. On the one hand, Mr. CHAMBERLAIN incited the Colonies to exhibitions of disloyalty if we at home declined to return to a Protectionist system by way of giving Preference to Colonial products. On the other hand, we were assured that our Colonies would fall from us if we did not accept an " offer " which had, in fact, never been made The answer to this is that the Colonies do not demand Preference as a condition of loyalty. Their faithfulness to the Mother Country is in no way whatever dependent on a bribe. "The Confer- ence," said Sir WILFRID LAURIER, "stands to witness before all the world that the British Empire is_a living entity." The Colonial representatives he went on to say, come without gins, protesta- tions, or protests. They are the mouthpieces of ,no grievances. They ask for nothing and they joffer us nothing. The Chamberlain bubble has burst.

Nothing could be more remarkable than the manner in which General BOTHA has been received in this country. He is the great figure of the Conference. In contrast to the insanities and the inanities of Mafeking night, there now comes out in bold relief, the national admiration of a bold and daring foe. General BOTHA is the most popular and the most admired man in England at the moment. This is something really wonderful to think of. A more splendid justification of Liberal policy there could not be. The establishment of a Constitu- tion has won the heart of the Transvaal, and the choice of a Boer Premier with a record like than of General Botha has won the admiration of England. Sir WILFRID LAURIER again spoke the appropriate word when he said, "Only one nation in the world would have dared to dn what has actually beer done, and that nation is England." We have made a new, loyal Colony because we have racted on the principle that " There is no bond like the bond of freedom."

Mr. Asquith's Budget is the THE BUDGET. work of a statesman, a financier, and a man of courage. It is pre-eminently a sound, fair, and moderate Budget, with the strengthening of the national credit as its immediate aim, the reform of direct taxation as its most tangible achievement and the paving of the way for soccial reform as its ultimate underlying purpose. The Chancellor has resisted the temptation—if he felt it at all—to devote some portion of Lis surplus to the remission of the war taxes on such popular lines as the phrase " a free breakfast table" suggests. Yet the Budget will be popu'ar after all. It presents a solid front to the critics, eases the burden of the humbler income tax-payer, and gives so safe a guarantee of Old Age Pensions in the near future that it is difficult to civil at. The extreme Labour men are far from satisfied with the postpone ment for another twelve months of • the Old Age Pension Scheme, but they have really little ground for complaint. If it had been possible and consistent with a coherent financial policy, we have no doubt at all that Mr. Asquith would have boldly introduced Old Age Pensions this year. He has instead made a very important provision for the near future in earmarking two millions and a quarter as the nucleus of a fund for the relief of necessitous old age next year. The long-delayed pensions are more than promised —they are practically in sight—and not only the middle-classes, but the workers themselves, have solid reason for satisfaction in the new Budget, which thus happily unites sound finance and social reform.

Lord Tweedmouth's state- BRITISH NAVAL meet 88 to the attitude of POLICY. the Government on the maintenance of British naval supremacy ought to remove all justification from those who have been anxious to represent the Premier and his followers as desirous of weakening the strength of the first line of defence. Great Britain, his Lordship declared, will go into the Hague Conference absolutely unpledged to reduction unless other nations agree to a diminution of armaments. There is, of course, nothing new in that standpoint. No British Government with any regard to its OWE stability in Parliament or the country could do more. Benevolent intentions are all very well, but the history of the world unfortunately has not left us with very deep faith in the good intentions of our neighbours, and while we breathe love and confidence it is always well to have the bulldog at hand. As to the two-Power standard, that is an axiom which few people will now dispute and the Government is determined to maintain it. If other countries are willing to grasp the olive branch we hold out well and good. They have a fair offer before them. The country which is roost power- ful is willing to put a limit on bloated armaments if they will agree to do likewise. But, so long as they persist in building great fleets, so long, ship for ship, shall we lay down the vessels necessary to enable us to defend ourselves against any two of them in case of attack. The country, according to those responsible for naval policy, has never had a sea service so efficient and ready for war as is the Navy at the present time. That is a statement which must evoke universal satisfaction. We do not seek war. Our efforts have been and will be constantly devoted to the maintenance of peace. But should war be forced upon us we shall be at home. That is the message the First Lord of the Admiralty has voiced.

Mr. Tree has been cateking MR. TREE IN HOT it, and no wonder. The WATER. Germans prefer the intel- lectual way. Mr. Tree's method is the spectacular, and therein he follows the later Irving traditions. But it seems to be what London requires at nine o'clock in the even- ing, when it has dined. The drama of Shakespeare must take place in the heads of his hearers. It is not a thing to be seen from the eyes outwards It does not exist even until it has begun to purge the passions through pity and terror. Coleridge studied Shakespeare for a long term of years, and in that constant association became increasingly satisfied of the poet's profundity and inexhaustibleness. But his study had nothing to do with limelight and tableaux. A shrewd busi- ness man once declared that he read Shakespeare because it enabled one to know people and under- stand them, and added: "I owe my success in life to Shakespeare." This was not the Shake- speare of His Majesty's Theatre. Yet, as Zola said: "While remaining real par excel- lence Shakespeare did not reject the ideal.' There are three things which must always dispute it with the presentations of material luxury and conventional elocution— the facts that Snake- spear° belongs to the great psychological dramatist; that he gave the world perhaps the greatest "human " revelation ever vouchsafed it, whereby he, who already had "too copious a flow of eloquence "(vide Ben Jonson), is merely hampered by the adventitious in delivering his message; and the further fact that he is of the first of poets, and you cannot gild the fine gold. Mr. Tree's Berlin visit will have done good if it only serve to show us what Englishmen are missing by neglecting the serious reading of Shakespeare.

Warrington Works Competition, The Warrington Works Competition is rapidly approaching the final stag!s, and already speculatioa ae to the ultimate Tictors is rife. The third round, which has been decided this week has resulted as follows: Wildenspool 13, Castle Rubber 3; White- r/mos 11, Walker's 5 ; Richmond's 2, Fletaher's 2; itylsncla 11, C:010141'4 3.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
MRS. SLATER

AT ON. LIBGAST LADERS' 131ILT MAXIM IAI %IMAM. ALL ADVICE FREE. NOTE ADDRESSES. HOURS I 2 To 0 SEAM%

===== 0002601_19070420_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I)Jlatriwtonn

===== 0002601_19070420_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
3nuotinents, gpbarts, Su,

===== 0002601_19070420_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

" A lie is an abomination in the sight of the Lord, out a very present help in time of trouble." Already about a dozen applications have been received for the post of Chief Constable of Warrington.

- The unification of the labour forces of Warrington, as suggested by the Trades Council, still hangs fire. Surely after so many months' discussion it is time at some tangible result was forthcoming. * * * Football is one of the last games on which betting takes place, and the accusation that working men are :round of football because they can bet on it is one of the most asinine expressions of humbug conceivable. Ben Tillett, in " Cassell's." * * * With Mr. Wyndham confusing David with Obadiah, and Mr. Balfour imagining that Solomon had to deliver judgment in respect of two babies, it is high Vole that Dr. Macnamara ceased from exposing school- uoYe and got out a volume of "Front Bench Howlers. --"London Opinion." * * * Sulphurous and strongly-flavoured complaints from his Satanic Majesty may be expected as the result of the severe treatment he is receiving at the hands of the Rev. R. J. Campbell. To say " the devil is a l'aenum " is hard on the Prince of Evil, for even t ure, we are told, abhors a vacuum. o cc A Rose by any other name would (not) smell as tlllreet." Congratulations to Mr. and Mrs. Rose on e Completion of 25 years' service as master and 421istress of the Blue Coat School. They have well- 171'ned the warm praise and substantial present made 3' the Governors of the institition on Monday last.

The Baptist minister who told a conference at West liartlepool. on Wednesday that " it was the use of tobacco that was responsible for a great proportion of the insanity, the physical degeneration and the c..'irne that existed" must have an insufficiency of use- IQ Work to keep him fully employed or his mind would /lot have got into such a terrible tangle. * * * The grant of self-government to the Transvaal has Pilled enemies into friends and foes into comrades. 't is really a nolitical miracle that brings " Dr. Jim' and General Botha together in pursuit of a common aim. While it is no less remarkable to read of Lord , tcoherts and General Botha sitting together at one of lhe dinners to the Colonial Premiers. * * * .__There was some amusement at the meeting of the warrington Board of Guardia Rs on Wednesday at the difficulty which one of the il(embers experienced In keeping awake, and frequently much to the delight ,of the Board, he dosed off only to awaken with a start 'rom a state of semi-consciousness. The member was to be excused as the proceedings were of that Wxanolent and tedious character which conduce to Testfulness and repose. * * * According to Mr. J. Ramsay Macdonald "if the use of Lords take up a strong attitude of antagon- "n:l to the Government this year an appeal to the Zitintry in 100 S will be a reasonable possibility." The .w'aehour Party is, in consequence, furbishing up the alpons of war. It appears to us, however, that if the Ivo Lords could force a general election so soon they e.7111(1 obstruct with might and main regardless of the el'izenacing cry "Down with the Lords ! "

e * 0444 the meetings of the Runcorn Rural authorities ci„ ,ussday honour was conferred upon gentlemen 'e,IY identified with Stockton Heath. At the 4;4g of the Board of Guardians Mr. T. Baxter was the 'eg. to the chairmanship, whilst at the meeting of -"Strict Council. Mr. George Pilling, chairman of e Stockton Heath Parochial C)nimitioe, was .re-,,al2Pol.nte d to preside over the debates. The Heathens a7.' now hoping that local matters will receive more Prompt attention than in the past. * * * Members of the Board of Guardians were in rare good humour at Wednesday's annual meeting and taany were the complimentary speeches in which the virtures of the new office-holders were extolled. Mr. J. Billing° waxed so eloquent that Mr. Jolley was tempted to coin another happy expression and .r.referred to "mellifluous oratory of the Cicero of ttaydock." Mr. Billing° has reason to be proud for at the previous meeting a clerical member conferred 11Pon him the exalted title of" the Pope of Haydock." hath charms —but not always. The effect on tlenabers of the Trades Council on Tuesday evening, ;hen they had to conduct their debates at the Bold- ,irest school to a musical acompa,nitrent supplied by fTealists and instrumentalists in another room was far 041 soothing. At one time the blare of brass was so JRl'essive that a delegate suggested that the chairman b%°lllcl go and quench the ardour of the players by ic'ting water down their instruments. The sugges- -0:1 was acclaimed but the Chairman did not venture hr the hostile mission. One indignant member now °Poses that the Counoil shall look out for fresh sltiarters. * * *

of',' taster vestries," says the Rev. A. M. Mitchell, %41111rtonwood, "exist largely for the interchange of vltlpliments, and are often a semi-religions farce. th°teB of thanks are often totally undeserved, being tee lasting record of an annual lie. The clergy wonld lb %ore true to the ministry if instead of round flattery ineY dealt with the obvious demerits and glaring Vonsistencies of church officials, which even the indest of parsons cinnot but see."—ls this a left- tided smack at the Rurtonwood Church officials, we st,°ll:cler. Surely Mr. Mitchell would not talk in this vain except from experiena. For a vegetarian his tood seems to be frequently over-heated. * * *

II The Rev. H. Dunnico, the pastor of Kensington aPtiat Chapel, Liverpool, (says the "Daily Dis- tell ") is a football enthusiast, and frequently his ,seleure week-end hours are spent on either the Anfield • Goodison Park ground. Conceiving the idea of 17111bining in a sense his portion of his ministeral hc2rlz with his enthusiasm for the winter past-time, Mr. e"Vn oleo yesterday held a "football service "in his nrell. Many prominent players and several directors ‘l4 both the Everton and Liverpool clubs formed 405rabers of a crowded congregation, which was Zirldressed by Mr. John Lewis, the well-known referee. • 'might add that in his younger days Mr. Minnie() a keen footballer himself and, we believe, at one 'le played for Bolton Wanderers Reserve. . °nee more the local authorities at Stockton Heath ;I.!3,oonsidering the question of providing the village itu a suitable open space. The agitation for a tereation ground commenced years ago but for the 411,416 being was allowed to die down. At last how- there is a strong prospect of the question being triously tackled and of the Heathens revelling in all tl3 glory of a publicly owned play ground. Whilst Igt questioning the necessity of the ground Mr. H. J. ,esthrook with a customary metaphor thought it ,2glit.possibly become a white elephant. There is 4.; utli in his contention that children love to play ncar nreir. own back doors,but we venture to think that the P_ovision of a large public open space would induce a 'cirea number to forsake the precincts of the parental

* * * The Warrington Co-operative Society is apparently ,1 the more or less happy position of being too sound 4;y:116411.Y. The careful management of Mr. Rathbone a ation of value which is scarcely cred- 'el' a long period of years has resulted in an ii!,euraul Properties have been depreciated steadily Buell an extent that the, stand at a agtlre far below their real value. New premises eaid to have been built out of revenue nlitead of the proper Building Fund and as a eonse- Tl,Pee of the obvious surplus of money, the share- te',,Lic.lerfs are marking a justifiable outcry for more and more expansion of 'business. The new he nunittee and the old manager have got at logger- and the quarterly meeting on Monday was 14out the liveliest in the history of the Society. 1,11 erYbody expressed respect for Mr. Rathbone, but • "n•nneus of opinion was that the methods of tuati, tannant must be re-ospinised and brcagbt np-t0,137•. ,137•. Mr. Rathbone kat resigned in scene indignation ii a matter fur regret that the closing semen long kessitsable carter skewld be as 'WM*.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,I•lfflif,i'..--

===== 0002601_19070420_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, April 20, 1907, i RUNCORN AND WIDNES. I EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON

Dr. Agar Beet's visit to Warrington has become a Treat to Ragged School Children. hardy annual, and large congregations,including many Mr. J. Charlton Parr gave his annual treat to the old friends who knew him when he worked in the children attending the Ragged School on Thursday . ---:- Warrington circuit, assembled to listen to his die- evening. About 400 sat down to a capital tea, the . RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB. courses last week-end. The doctor is as active as wants of the youngsters being attended to by Coun- ever and again impressed his hearers with his clear- cillor James Skelland, Mr. Odell, Mr. Marsh, Miss PLAYERS AND CONINTITTEE ENTERTAINED TO TEA. ness of reason and firmness of faith. His lecture on Skelland, Miss Titchett, and Miss Leadbetter. At the Monday evening was a model of lucidity and helped close three hearty cheers were given for Mr. Parr. 1 BONUS FOR PLAYERS. to clear up points which have presented difficulties to Warrington scalding Fatality. ' The first team players and committee of the Runcorn many. The Club were entertained to a tea and social 1 An inquest wag held at Warrington, on Monday evening by a supporter of the club in the Greenway- afternoon, on the body of Walter Lomax, Tilley-street, road Schoolroom on Monday evening. All the players who died at the Warrington Infirmary on Saturday were present, and there was a representative attendance from burns and scalds about the neck and body. It of members of the committee. Mr. J. W. Temperley was stated that on Friday morning last the mother provided the tea, and the excellent meal he put upon left the deceased in the kitchen while she went upstairs the tables,serving gave the beautiful table decorations and the ve every satisfaction. After the tables had to bring down another child, who was lame. Hearing been cleared,Mr. H. Cawley (chairman of the committee) screams she rushed into the kitchen and found the presided. The South-West Lancashire cup, won by deceased lying in front of the fire. A kettle of boiling Runcorn for the second time,was on the chairman's table. water, which was on the hob when she left the room, The Chairman said the occasion was a very special one sidtff;ad had been upset, and the child was severely scalded.— in view of the position of the club. When they con- I llt was stated that there was no guard or fender in how the. club. silt.o?ld tilwn?szalrasstasgeoasoannd and 1 front of the fire, and Mr. Coroner Brighouse remarked now"" toc satisfactory hwtahye hin ereswenict season winners of the South- that he supposed the fender would be polished up and West Laneashire Cup and in the first four of the placed under the sofa.—A verdict of "Accidental. Northern Union League, he thought everyone would death " was returned, agree that the performance was the finest in the history Constable's Clever Ruse. of the club. When it was considered that they had a small limit of players and they were all Runcorn lads it John Taylor, 19, Back Crossley-street, and Samuel would be conceded that the performance of the season Warburton, 19, Morris-court, Warrington, were was very creditable indeed. They had a very good charged on remand at the Occasional Court, yesterday, season financially, and as was promised in such a case with breaking and entering an engine shed at Croft the committee had decided to recognize the between the 11th and 12tliinst, and stealing a number services of the players. They would pay each for the Oldham mat V., and each of brass steps and a quantity of other articles, of the player payer each 1.44.gi?e match ch 2s. (Applause.) value of £4, the property of George Lawson.—The The Secretary iry n submitting his report gave interest- evidence showed that about 2.30 p.m. on the ing figures regarding the play of the season, and referred 12th inst. Police-constable Butler was on duty to the discussion and friction in some other towns, near the waterworks at Croft, where the contractor's and said if all teams played the game as they should plant was stored. He saw the prisoners there with a do there would be less discussion and less friction. hammer and two brass steps in their possession. They Wherever the Runcorn men had they had yadhotrelnt a,i complimentedeeh quite oon the treat styleto otfhc, play officials ran away in the direction of Winwick on seeiAg the to hear') praise officer, but the latter afterwards borrowed a 'plain from the officials of other clubs. During the whole jacket and cap and followed them on a bicycle. He season not one player had been ordered from the field. overtook the prisoners, and took them to the police The players had been paid more during the last season station at Winwick. The men at first gave wrong than in any other season since the inception of the names and addresses. Witness identified the prisoners Northern Union. (Applause.) as the men whom he saw at the door of the engine ! RESULT OF MATCHES PLAYED. - shed.—Prisoners, who denied being near the shed at Pl'd. W. the time, were committed for trial to the Liverpool Quarter Sessions.—Mr. F. A. Frost, the magistrate, complimented Police-constable Butler on following rip the case so prompt's-

* * *

The tendency of modern conversation (writes a " Manchester Guardian" correspondent) is all in the direction of exaggeration, and I give the following as an example. On returning from business yesterday I had occasion to reprove my daughter for some neglected task, when she replied with every appear- ance of sincerity: "Oh, father, I really had not time to do it. In the afternoon a million people called, and stayed for ever !" On inquiry I discovered that two old ladies had paid a visit and remained for exactly thirty-five minutes. * *

The new bowling green at A.rpley Station for the use of local London and North-Western employees will make a splendid adjunct to the Institute at Bank Quay. Not only so, but it is an acquisition to the town as well and a bright spot in an otherwise drab district. Local railway workers are being capitally catered for in Warrington, and yesterday also saw the opening of a miniature rifle range at Bank Quay This has been most ingeniously constructed out • three passenger coaches built end to end into one another and makes a really model little range. How much credit for all these recent improvements is due to Mr. I. T.Williams we do not know, but we strongly suspect that his energy, tact, and thoughtfulness have been largely responsible for bettering the lot of the hard-working London and North-Western staff in Warrington.

L. Drn.

Northern League and West Lancashire Cup Ties 5 Friendlies

Ap , p, ptiy. Death of Mr. S. C. Rathbone. We regret to record the death at the early age of 22 years of Mr. Stanley C. Rathbone, son of Mr. Andrew Rathbone of the Mount, Grappenhall, which sad event took place on Tuesday after a long and painful illness. Nearly a year ago the deceased was compelled owing to ill-health to relinquish his position in the Borough Treasurer's Office, Warrington much to the regret of his colleagues to whom he had endeared himself by his kindly disposition. This early death has brought to a close a most promising career, for Mr. Rathbone gained prominence by the diligent performance of his duties, together with his successes in accountancy examinations and at our Local Technical Institute. It is only two years since he obtained the distinction of of being placed first in all Lancashire and Cheshire for advanced book-keeping, and carried off the special prize granted by the Union of Lancashire and Cheshire Institutes. I The interment took place at the Cemetery on Thursday in the presence of a large number of relatives and friends. The funeral service was conducted by the Rev. Chas. Harvey Cook. The chief mourners were Mr. Andrew Rathbone (father), Messrs. Percy, Harry, Frank, Jackson, Hornby, and Edward Rathbone (brothers), Messrs. A. H. Rathbone, George Walling- ton, and S. Taylor (uncles), Messrs. T. Critchley, T. Wallington and R. Allen 11(cousins), together with Messrs. James Kenworthy, G. J. Brown, Henry Ley- land and F. Eyre (friends). The Borough Treasurer's, Town Clerk's, and Education departments of the Corporation were represented. Numerous floral ributes were received from relatives and friends.

- - 37 27 10 0

PARTICULARS OF SCORES. Jolley scored 3 tries, 50 goals from tries, 4 dropped goals, and 6 penalty goals, a total of 129 points; Deakin, 25 tries (75 points) ; Flanagan, 24 tries (72 points) : Butterworth, 17 tries (51 points) ; Moran, 12 tries, 4 goals from tries, 2 dropped goals, and 1 penalty goal (50 points) ; Padbury, 16 tries (48 points) ; Richardson, 4 tries, 5 goals from tries, and 8 penalty goals (38 points). Tries were also scored as follows : Walker, 8; Hesketh, 8; J. Williams, 7; Kennedy, 6 ; Watton, 5; Harrison, 3; McDonald, 3; Langley, 2' • Dixon, 2; O. Williams, 2; Leyland, 1 ; and Allen, 1. There were no goals from marks. RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The first meeting for the year of the Runcorn Board of Guardians was held at Dutton on Tuesday when there were present :—Mesers. A. Green- way, J. Bolshaw, E. Britch, P. Mounfield, G. Egerton- Warburton, J. Stokes, J. Whitlow, A. Broome,T. Baxter, P. Booth, C. E. Linaker, J. H. Davies, T. Wright, H. Mawdsley, S. Woodward, W. Harrison, G. Pilling, S. Horton, J. L. Jones, E. Bretherton, C. Horton, C. F. Bell, J. Spruce, W. M. Morris, P. Collins. T. Wood, J. Douglas, A. R. Norman, J. Renshaw, 3. Hallows, J. Mynekyme, W. Winstanley, W. Weir, J. B. Chadwick, A Haining, T. Antwis, L. Bolton. G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), J. Pearson, T. Cook, and W. R. dePrey (relieving officers). .

ELECTION OF CIiAIRMA.N. Mr. Linaker moved the election of Mr. Baxter to the chair, in place of Mr. Norman. It was well-known that at that Board the vice-chairman in time became the chairman, and Mr. Norman had occupied the chair for the recognized number of years. Mr. Baxter was a very old member of the Board and had given a good deal of time and energy to the furtherance of the busi- ness. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Norman seconded. He never expected to be again elected to the chair. He believed in the honours going round and he thought the selection of Mr. Baxter was a very wise one. The proposition was unanimously carried. Mr. Baxter thanked the members. He hoped he would be able to conduct the business of the Board in as friendly and courteous manner as had always been the case in the past. Mr. Spruce, on the motion of Mr. Linaker, seconded by %Ir. Stokes, was appointed vice-chairman of th 3 Board.

STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS. Latest Quotations. BANK RATE 4i.k. SETTLING DAY 26TH APRIL 1907. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOOV. A:uoiint. Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day. BRITISEI FUNDS.

Consols 21% 100 .861 21% Annuities 100 ...9la 4% Annuities 100 -.841 Nt. War Loan 2% Red 1910 lOO ...98 Local Loans Stook 1912 lOO ...971. Bank ofgan - England Stock .100 ...275 _ ___

India Stock- 100 ...103 HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian lOO —NI Glasgow & S.-W. Pref. urd. lOO ...61i Great Central Deferred lOO ...14 Great Central Preferred lOO ...29 Great Eastern 100 ...75 Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO Great Western lOO ...126i Lancashire and Yorkshire lOO ...103 London, Brighton Et South Coast 100 ...118i London Chatham and Dover 100 ...14 Londonand North-Western lOO —l4Bl London and South-Western lOO ...150 Metropolitan lOO ...48i Midland Def. Convd. Ord 100 .64 Do. Pref. Convd. Ord 100 North British 100 ...35 North Eastern Consols lOO ...139 North Staffordshire lOO ...98 South Eastern lOO ...77 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific 100 .182 Grand Trunk of Canada lOO ...31 Do. Guaranteed 100 ...102 Do. Ist Pref. lOO ...121 Do. 2nd Pref 100 ...1121 Do. 3rd Pref lOO ...74 , BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 124 .36 Lancashire and Yorkshire lO ...35 London and County 20 ...914 London and Westminster 2O ...52i Manchester and County 17 ...581 Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 ...48! Parrs 20 ...84-1 Union of London 16i ...36 Union of Manchester ll ...26i • Williams Deacons 8 .26 BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffe and Greeton 5% 011111. Pref. lOO ...101 Bell and Co. Ord lO .101 Bents Brewery Ord, lO ...4 Boddington's Ord 10 .7i Chester's Ord lO ...9 Groves & Whitnal 5% Cam. Pref 10 ...74 Guinness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. lOO ...560 Manchester Ord. lO .22 Parker's Burslem Ord. lO ...10i Springyvell Ord _ _ 10 6 _ _

Taylor'a Eagle Brewery Ord. lO Walker (P.) & Son it% Cum Pref.. lO TEILEGRAPEI AND TELEPHONE Anglo American Telegraph Ord —lOO ...61 xd Nat. Telephone Pref. Ord. 6% lOO ...1081 do. Def. Ord. lOO —lOl4 do. let Pref. 6% lO ...1211 do. 2nd Pref. Minimum 6% lO ...104 , Nat. relephone 36 Deb. Stock lOO ...97 The above list and prices have been compiled by Messrs. T. and J. L. Tanstall and Co., Stock and Share brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, and will be found reliable.

Cricket. '

At last there is a Warrington and District Cricket League. This is a feature which has long been wanted and doubtless will serve the purpose of re-awakening interest in Warrington in the summer sport. The League makes a good start with a membership of eight clubs and as the president, Mr. James Dodds, is presenting handsome gold medals to the winners, a keen competi- tion is anticipated. The competition is to be conducted on the principle of counting two points for a win and one for a draw, and the play commences on Saturday next when Bewsey Wesleyans entertain Walker's Brewer

On Thursday last before Messrs. Robert Stone (chairman), F. J. Wood, and Roger C. Parr. AN UNDESIRABLE ALIEN.—Mr. Cripps, representing the Liverpool Corporation, asked the Bench to make an order to send Rachel Gordor back to Russia. She had come from Russia and gone to the United States, but was sent back to England as a person of unsound mind and an undesirable alien. She was taken to the Liver- pool Workhouse and afterwards to Winwick Asylum.— Order made. _ _ _

FOOTBALL IN THE STREET.—John Fitzpatrick,Sarauel Allen, George Wakefield, Cunliffe Edgar, William Brodie and Robert Mason—youths aged from 14 to 17— were summoned for playing football on the highway in Wellington-street, Earlestown. All except Edgar were fined 2s. 6d., and Edgar is., he being the youngest. CRUELTY TO HORSES.—James Fletcher was summoned for cruelly ill-treating a pony on Good Friday, at New- ton.—Abraham Dutton, of Earlestown, and Mrs. Peak, proved that the defendant was violently thrashing the pony, which was about 14 hands high, and was harnessed to a cart in which were the defendant and four others. They had been to a football match at Earlestown, and were driving back to Ashton, and this occurred in Ashton-lane.—P.S. Bannister and P.C. Hughes, who were told of it and saw the pony afterwards, spoke to weals and bruises showing the beating it had received, and it seemed exhausted.—Defendant and one of the men in the cart with him denied the cruelty, saying the pony would not go, and got one leg over the shaft.—The Chairman thought the pony, in refusing to go with such a load, showed more sense than the driver.—Thew Bench thanked the witnesses who had helped the police, and fined defendant 10s. and costs.—Wm. Groom, for driving a horse in an unfit condition, at Haydock, was ordered to pay code. AN OBJECTIONABLE NEIGHBOUR.—Sarah Garrity was summoned for assaulting Elizabeth Grundy at Wargraxe-road, Earlestown.—Mr. Knowles, on behalf of the .plaintiff, said the case would be shortened because the defendant had pleaded guilty. There had been disputes between the parties through annoyance caused by the defendant, and the latter had used dis- gusting language imputing very bad things to the plaintiff. He was rather sorry she had pleaded guilty, because be would otherwise have called several respect- able witnesses to prove the respectability of the plaintiff. He asked the Bench to bind defendant over to keep the peace.—The Bench did so, and also bound her husband over in £5 for her good behaviour. DRUNKENNESS, &C.—The following were fined for drunkenness—William Downs,Edward Mullahy,Absalom Harter,Patrick Naughton (Golborne),and Price Roberts, 2s. 6d. each and costs; William White, John Hinds, ILizetta Harter, William Rigby, Jonathan °leave and Anthony Chesworth (Haydock), ss. each and costs. In the case of Mary Murray and her son, Thomas Murray, of Hand and Banner Yard, Newton, both of whom were summoned for drunkenness and disorderly conduct, the woman was fined 2s. 6d. and costs, while her son got the benefit of the doubt and was dismissed.—William Hill was fined 10s. and costs, and Lena Brown ss. and costs, both for using foul language at Earlestown.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

Index to Inside Pages. 2, Board of Guardians. Parish Council Meetings. District News. 3. Women's Chat and Fashions. Housebreaker Captured. 0. Dr. Beet's Visit. Presentation to Mr. and Mrs. Rose. Football. 7. Science Notes. Mr. Robert _Plerpoint.

The late Member for Warrington, Mr. Robert Pierpoint has this week undergone a second operation at his London residence. We are sure our readers will be glad to learn that the operation was entirely successful, and that it is expected Mr. Pierpoint will soon be restored to health. Shocking Accident. - - -

A terrible accident occurred at Messrs. Garnett's works on Thursday. Shortly after one o'clock Terrence Rogers, a single man, lodging in Dixon- street, was talking to a fellow workman who was stood in the lift. Rogers had his head over the guard gate when, without warning, the lift descended and the unfortunate man's head was trapped. He was shockingly injured and was removed to the Infirmary, where he lies in a critical condition. Band of Hope Festival. _ -

The event of the year in local Band of Hope circles —the annual festival—is announced to take place next week. In the past the committee have been satisfied with one production but this year they are more ambitious and it is expected that crowded audi- ences will assemble at the Parr Hall on Wednesday and Thursday evenings. The programme includes many attractive items, the old features having been retained whilst welcome new departures are made. On Wednesday the Mayor will preside, whilst on Thursday Mrs. James Dodds will occupy the chair. Further particulars will be found in our advertising columns.

Accident to Mr. R. 11 Posnett. On Wednesday evening Mr. R. H. Posnett of Run- corn (brother-in-law of Mrs. Charles E. Parker) was the victim of a motor accident which might have been attended with very serious consequences. Mr. Posnett was returning to Runcorn from Penketh at 6.45 when the car collided with a telegraph pole at the corner of the °nerdley-road and Mr. Posnett and his chauffeur were thrown out. Both were badly bruised, and Mr. Posnett returned to Penketh Lodge where he was detained by Mr. Parker as an "in-patient." We are pleased to state that he has now recovered sufficiently to be able to return home.

PUBLIC BRNEFIT, UNDER TRIO CLOCK FOR BT Boars IN LA.NcA.sirrnE.—Advt.

Twenty Miles a Day or a Kicking.

The ;vanderings of a fright, intelligent:- boy, William O'Nally (11), were related to the Warrington magis- trates, on Thursday.—The boy said his mother made him tramp twenty miles a day, or kicked him. He walked from Warrington to Manchester, Oldham, Rochdale, Halifax, and Keighley, through other town to Doncaster, Barrow, Ulverston, Coniston, Millom, Whitehaven, Workington and Maryport, and back to Warrington.—On returning to Warrington the boy was in a deplorable condition, with - rags pinned round his body, and he was terribly hungry.—His mother was sentenced to a month for neglecting him, and the boy is to be adopted by the Guardians. The Chairmair said the lad would make his mark if looked after. Education Committee.

The Education Committee will meet at the Town ' Hall at 6 o'clock on Monday evening. Mr. A. J. Jolley has been appointed Chairman of the Finance Committee; Councillor Luke Ellison, Chairman of the School Attendance Committee; and Alderman Bolton, Chairman of the Sites and Buildings Com- mittee; and Canon Stevenson, Chairman of the School Management Committee. Among the matters on the minutes for consideration are: The sanction of the Local Government Board to the raising of loans amounting to £9,569 and .t 637 for the erection and furnishing, respectively, of the Bolton Council school, the former amount to be repayable in 30 years and the latter in 10 years ; the raising of the maximum salary of assistant schooll attendance inspectors from 355. to 40s. per week. BABY CARRIAGES.—New and exclusive designs now showing.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. The Infirmary and Dispensary. The Hon. Treasurer begs to acknowledge, with thanks, the sum of £5O, received from Messrs. Woods and Son, solicitors, Warrington, on, account of the legacy of £lOO, bequeathed by the late Mr. James Woods. The following is a copy of a letter which has been received by Mr. W. P. Rylands :—" Dear sir,—l have great pleasure in forwarding to you herewith crossed eheque for -£52 109., being the fifty guineas unanimously resolved to be granted by the Warrington Dramatic Society from the proceeds of the perform- ences of" Dr. Wake's Patient. lis only riga to tell you that the above amount would have becn increased by at least but for the unfortunate fire that occurred at the Warrington Theatre on Christmas Eve, when the who'e of the scenery, kindly promised by Mr. Potter with his usual generosity, was destroyed. We had to go to all parts of the county for scenery in its place, which we consider to have cost the society at least between £l5 and .00. Kindly acknowledge receipt.—l am, yours faithfully, ARTIRTIt BROWNE, Hon. Treasurer. W. P. Rylands, Esq., J.P."

PUBLIC BENBEIT.-lINDER THE CLOCIC WO Br BOOTS IN LiNCA.SHIRE.—Advt. Presentation to the Rev. G. C. Briggs. _

There was a large gathering of the congregation of Christ Church, Latchford, in the schools, Wash-lane, on Thursday evening when the esteemed Vicar of the parish, the Rev. G. C. Briggs, (whose marriage to Miss Fairclough, daughter of Mr. John Fairclough, the Grange, Latchford, takes place at Christ Church on Tuesday), was the recipient of several handsome presents. Mr. LT. Williams presided and delivered a brief speech in which he paid a high tribute to the Vicar and wished him every happiness in his married life. The Vicar was then presented by Miss Place, on behalf of the day school teachers, with a silver spirit kettle. Mr. T. L. Fry, organist, handed him a clock, the gift of the choir; and Mr. D. Banks (superintendent) presented him with a barometer subscribed for by the Sunday School teachers. The aongregational present consisted of a roll-top bureau in pollard oak accompanied by a purse of gold. The bureau bore a plate with the following inscription: —" Presented to the Rev. G. C. Briggs, M.A..,together with a purse of gold, from the eongregation of Christ Church, Latchford, on the oats/ion of his marriage, St. George's Day, April 23rd, 1907." Mr. W. Longloottom made the presenatioa. The Tzar suitably aelenowladged the vibe is a voy sappy speoth. -

I -Mum WI GLOOK for 6440 d BOOTS. Advt.—

===== 0002601_19070420_art0083.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
CRAWFORD'S

===== 0002601_19070420_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
CU" AND CSIBAMT.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
CREAM

CRACKERS.

APPOINTMENT OF COMMFTTEES.

The folloZsg;;;;;;;;:eleCted-Assessment Committee, the figures in parenthesis denoting the attendances out of a possible 48 :—Messrs. Woodward (43),Linaker (34), Baxter (36), Balshaw (35), Chadwick (21), Harrison (30), Jones (19), Norman (32), Pilling (41), Antwis (12 out of possible 13), Taylor (21), Wright (48). 11fr. Spruce said he thought places like Stockton Heath, Frodsham Lordship and Helsby should be repre- sented on the committeed. Mr. Woodward pointed out that Stockton Heath was represented by Mr. Pilling who was chairman of the Parochial Committee, and by Mr. Baxter, who resided in the district. A motion to reduce the number of the Finance Com- mittee was defeated and Messrs. Woodward, Wright, Chadwick, Douglas, Jones, Wood, Linaker, Roylance, Spruce and Temperley were re-elected with the addition of the name of Mr. Haining. Lady Brooke, Mesdames Armitage, Carruthers, Con- greave, Milner. F. J. Norman, Possnett.Taylor, Whitley, Fletcher, Lee Jones, and Boston and Miss Dutton were appointed Ladies Visiting Committee. Messrs. Morris, Woodward, Chadwick, Norman, Harrison, Wright, Antwis, Warburton and Linaker were appointed Palliament Committee.

_ _ MAINTENANCE OF EPELEPTICS. The Clerk presented a copy of a petition forwarded by the Carlisle Union, in which Parliament was asked to make a grant from imperial funds of 4s. a week in respect to each inmate and lunatic maintained in a Workhouse.

Mr. A. R. Norman moved that the petition be not supported. It would be tantamount to an admission of their liability to maintain epeleptics whereas they had always contended that these cases should be treated in an asylum. Mr. Woodward seconded and the motion was approved.

The Finance Committee reported payment in out- relief of VO to Mr. Cook ; £3O to Mr. De Prez and £25 to Mr. Pearson. The vaccination account for the quarter was £BB 335. 3d., as against al 14s. 11d. twelve months ago. RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The first meetine for the year of the Runcorn Rural District Council was held at Dutton on Tuesday when there were present : Messrs. N. Greeuway, J. Bolshaw, E. Britch, P. Mounfield, G. Egerton-Warburton, J. Stokes, J. Whitlow A. Broome, T. Baxter, P. Booth, C. E. Linaker, J. H. Davies, T. Wright, H. Mawdsley, S. Woodward, W. Harrison, G. Pilling, S. Horton, J. L Jones, E. Bretherton, C. Horton, C. F. Bell, J. Spruce, J. Renshaw, J. Hallows, J. Mynekyme, W. Winstanley, W. Weir, J. B. Chadwick, A. Haining, T. Antwis, L. Bolton, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), J. Swinton (surveyor), J. Farrington (inspector), and Dr. Aeams (medical officer.)

'ILECTION OF CHAIRMAN. Mr. Woodwarbl moved the re-election of Mr. Pilling as Chairman of the Council.

Mr. Linaker seconded that the motion was heartily approved. On the motion of Mr. Woodward, seconded by Mr. Davies, Mr. Wright was re-elected chairman. Messrs. Bolshaw, Broome, Chadwick, C. E. Linaker, C. E. Linaker, jun., Talbot, Woodward, Spruce and Roylance were elected Parliamentary Committee. The Finance Committee was constituted of Messrs. Wood- ward, Chadwick,Pilling,Baxter, Balshaw, Guest,Linaker, Roylance, Spruce, Stokes and Booth. The Isolation Hospital Committee was re-elected with the addition of the names of Messrs. Haining, Winstanley,Bell, J. H. Davies, and Britch. The Building Committee was re- elected with the addition of the names of Messrs.Britch and Mynekyme.The Highways Executive Committee was re-elected with the addition of the names of Messrs. Hallows and G. Egerton Warburton. Mr. Mynekyme was placed on the Walton Sewerage Committee, vice Mr. Whitley. The tender of Mr. Thomas Stringer at £9B 10s. for sewage works in Latchford Without was accepted. Dr. Adams reported he had cbrised the school at Stockton Heath on account of an epidemic of measles in the village. The Clerk reported the receipt of the followinc, resolu- tion from the Runcorn Urban Council: The following and Law Clerk having reported that the proposed Rural District Council sewerage works will communicate and interfere with the sewers vested in this Council, the Runcorn District Council is requested to givea written undertaking not to allow any of the sewerage of the township of Halton, to pass into any of the said sewers, and not to inte.fere with the drainage rights of this Council, and in defaultvof such undertaking legal pro- ceedings be commenced to obtain an injunction. The matter was referred to the Halton Parochial Committee.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
DELIGHTFUL DISHES.

Many delightful dishes can be made with currants,and since the King's physician has spoken so enthusiastically of this fruit, one has a secure and comfortable feeling about it, knowing that the opinion of so eminent an authority must be correct. This great doctor's faith in that old-fashioned delicacy—Currant Bread—is so strong that he would have people of all ages and classes account it a necessary article of daily food.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
CONGREGATIONAL SUNDAY SCHOOL.

The 66th anniversary of the Congregational Sunday School was held on Sunday, when special services were held morning and evening, the preacher being the Rev. T. G. Taylor, of Kendal. A musical service was rendered in the afternoon by children and the choir, assisted by Miss Turner, Miss J. Howard, Miss Eckersley, Miss M. Williams, Miss Elsie Owen, and Mr. J. Sephton. Mr. D. R. Owen presided at the organ. OCCASIONAL COURT.

At the Occasional Court, on Monday, before Mr. T. Ormand, Edward Taylor was charged with being drunk and disorderly, and was fined 10s. and costs.—John Walton, of Earlestown, and Mary Walton his mother, of Warrington were charged with being drunk in Houghton-street, on Sunday night, and were each fined 2s. 6d. and costs.—John Flaherty, a notorious character, was charged with being drunk and disorderly. He hsd many previous convictions against him, and was fined 10s. and costs.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS. HELENS.

ST. HELENS VOLUNTEER ADJUTANCY.

Capt. Oakeley, the adjutant of the 2nd V.A. §auth LancaShire Regiment, has retired from the Army after a service of twenty years, His place as adjutant of the St. Helens Volunteer Battalion has been filled by the appointment of Capt. J.D.E. Travis-Cook, of the line battalion. Capt. Travis-Cook has for some time been. connected as lieutenant with the depot at Warrington- the new adjutant is a colonial, who was formerly cons nected with the Natal Mounted Police. He won hi- commission by gallant conduct in the siege of Lady smith, and in the subsequent fighting he earned much distinction, and was later attached to the South Lanca- shire Regiment. ST. HELENS LADY'S DEATH.

The greatest sympthy was expressed in St. Helens, on Saturday, when it became known that Mrs. Knowles. wife of Dr. F. J. Knowles, of Hardshaw-street, had died early that morning at Colwyn Bay. Mrs. Knowles had been ill aboat three months. Her father, Mr. R. G. Brooke, has only just recovered from a most serious accident, and the untimely death of Mrs. Knowles has caused much sorrow to all her friends.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIALIST DEMONSTRATION. A GODLESS AND UNHOLY TOWN.

• The St. Helens Socialist Society held a-deniOn-stration on Sunday at the Hippodrome. Mr. J. H. Standring J.P., presided over a large gathering, and said Socialism was the cause of humanity. They were there to repeat their protest against the existence of unnecessary suffering. They saw the wonderful progress of mankind and the wealth of the world and their own nation, and yet they were content to see the poverty and misery of the great mass of the people. He , saw no other solution for the problem of unem- ployment and poverty than Socialism, with its , desire for a- change in our commercial system. , —Mr. Frank Johnson moved a resolution declaring ' belief in the claim of Socialism that poverty and unem- pinyment need net exist, and could be done away with only by the public ownership of the means of life, so that land and machinery should yield to labour a full fife for every man and woman.—lr. Dan Irving, of Burnley, supported, and said they would speedily have Socialism ruling the country, because it would commend itself to the commonsense and judgment of the people. Pre- vious speakers had talked about unempleyment, but in St. Helens the evils arising from employment were a thousand times worse than any unemployment they could have. It was difficult to realise that people sacri- ficed themselves by working in the chemical works and before the glass furnaces of St. Helens and in other employments which eat up life with a ruthlessness worse than any other form of employment. His wrath fell not so much upon the capitalists and the landlords as upon the people who were willing to allow them- selves to be used in these ways for so little recompense. The great barrier to progress was the disinterestedness and the ignorance and the apathy of the great mass of the men and women. He urged the tremendous import- ance to the people of a proper regard for the life of the child. It was high time that the people shook off their apathy, and by means of Socialism and intellectual effort secured control of the methods of production and of the organisation of industry, and directed the wealth of the country for the benefit of the people.— Mr. George Lansbury, of the Poplar Board of Guardians, said that, coming from London, he wondered what and who the saint was that St. Helens was named after, for a more ungodly, unholy place he had never set eyes dn. (Applause.) They cheered that statement; but were they content to live in it? If the workers of St. Helens were only determined that,it should not be, it need not be. They had acts of Parliament about the smoke nuisance, but their wives and children lived under a pall of smoke every day. There it hung over town ; and how the sun ever got through the cloud of smoke he did not know. Still the workers sat down and submitted to it. Walk through the town, and they saw nothing but ugliness, ugliness, ugliness; no redeem- ing feature about it, but one dead level of ugliness and misery. Did they as working men ever think of the kind of life that they doomed their wives and children to lire. This was all caused by the unequal distribution of the wealth of the land. That state of things could only exist when the working classes fought for each other. He appealed to all present to throw in their lot with the Socialists of the town, who were working for liberty and freedom and the right to live in the true spirit of brotherhood and true humanity. The workers of the world had no enemies but capitalists and in the struggle th 3 people had nothing to lose, but they had a world to gain. The resolution was carried unanimously, and votes of thanks closed the pro- ceedings.

BANK AMALGAMATION. THE UNION BANK OF MANCHESTER, LIMITED, AND DOWNES & CO., NANTWICH„

The Union Bank of Mano"'ester, Limited, have acquired the business of Messrs. Downes and Co., Nantwich. Downes and Co. were established in the year /865 at Nantwich, and restricted their operations to that town, with the exception of the opening of a sub-branch at the village of Audlem, lying about mid- way between Nantwich and Market Drayton. Although the firm has carried on its business within this limited area, it is very well known among the farmers and others in the district named, and has been well sup- ported by them. The proprietor, Mr. Walter \i,7 Downes, of Stoke Park, Barbridge, Cheshire, and the " Dowery," Nantwich, is now in his eightieth year, and on that account has decided to retire from business. Vie firm's London agents have for many years been the London and West- minster Bank, Limited, London. The Union Bank continues as far as possible the arrangements which existed with the old firm; and Mr. Downes will con- tinue to give the Union Bank's branch manager the benefit of his advice and experience. Thus passes away one of the few left of the old firms of private bankers. The Union Bank was established in 1836, and has its head office in Manchester,_ with branches at Liverpool, Northwich, Middlewich, Winsford, Warrington, Stock- port, Oldham, Blackburn, Burnley, and about seventy other branches in the towns in • the neighbourhood of Manchester and Liverpool. It may be mentioned that the Union Bank some years ago toorover the business of Messrs. J. Sewell and Nephew, Bankers, Norfolk- street, Manchester, and in more recent times has I absorbed the business of Messrs. E. W. Yates and Co., Bankers, Liverpool, and also of the Blackburn Bank, Limited, Blackburn.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VOICE OF LABOUR.

Edited by John Workman. Reaclerg of this column are invited to asist itL making it interesting and helpful to social workers. by contributing themselves. Correspondents must write on one side of the paper only, and endeavour to make their 'eters and notes short anti to the point. nom-de-plume may be used, but the real name of the writer should be forwarded in confidence to the Editor of the column. M.S.S. must be addressed to John Workman, "Examiner " Office, Warrington and should be sent in not later than Wednesday in each week.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
A PLEASANT SUNDAY AFTERNOON.

It was the Sabbath, the day of quietude, of rest, of tranquillity : the one day in seven when the worker is free to indulge in that calm intellectual browsing, that easy meander of speculation which is so refresh- ing after one's energies and abilities have been focussed for six days upon the task of earning the daily bread. I had dined well, and seated in an easy chair enjoying the fragrance of a good cigar I was speedily wafted away on the wings of optimism to the groves of A.rcady, the fields of Elysian delight. Through my open lattice was wafted the perfume of , a thousand flowers, to the mellifluent cadence of church bells was added the music of lowing kine and the many subdued notes of bird and insect which blend into a glorious symphony. On the village green the children gambolled like lambs at play, whilst their' elders sat round, the women discussing the subjects nearest their hearts, the men smoking the pipes of peace ; the whole scene was one of calm, of peaceful happiness, one typically English. Alas I was not per- I mitted long to bask in the sunshine of such scenes. I awoke to reality, to Warrington ! From my window I saw a crown of hobbledehoys, potential hooligans, engaged in an exciting game of pitch and toss. The elders stand at their various doors, some in varying , stages of intoxication, smiling approval on the "sport" what. time the youngsters are scaling the "Alps "of' closet roofs or exploring in the dust bins for orange peel and the various tit-bits of garbage. Few of the children have boots, and the clothes of most bespeak an adult origin, and display a degree of decrepitnde difficult to irnagine.The air is languorous ( ? )with the reek of thick twist and foul with blasphemy; children of tender age lisp horrible curses and speak of things which should be to them as a sealed book.

Verily between the ideal and the real there is a yawning chasm, one which it will take much energy, much enthusiasm and much sacrifice to bridge, and the pity of it is that the children, the hope of the future, are degraded, sullied and spoiled, almost from birth. Whilst children are reared in conditions similar to these I have described the future can have no hope. In the grimy courts and the noisome slums of Warrington are to be found hooligans in the making, the physically strong but morally and mentally degener- ate who go to the filling of our gaols and asylums! I am a dreamer I know, but I ask, could not some- thing have been done with that fourpence which has been taken off the rates to save the children? Could , not the money have been used to gradually change their awful environment and give them a chance to become decent citizens? Perhaps Alderman Bennett or some other cheery optimist will answer me. YORKER.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW THE POOR LIVE.

The Housing Problem is being contihually brought before the notice of the public, and the following case emphasizes the urgency of co-operative action : At an inquest on the body of a woman named Alice Walker (60), who had lived at a house in Park-lane, Rochdale. The Coroner, referring to the house asked a witness: How much do you give for this dog kennel ?—The Witness : Four shillings a week. Dr. Kerr, who had made a post-mortem examina- tion of the body, said that death was due to alcohol and want of food. The Coroner : Do you think that these places are fit for people to exist in towns like Rochdale? —I do not. The owner of the property was called as a wit- ness. He said he owned fifteen houses in Park-lane, and let them off as furnished rooms. The woman and a man named Doyle paid 4s. a week. The furniture and the bedding belonged to him (the witness.) The Coroner: Do you consider them fit to live in ?—They have been considered fit all along. Have you to have a licence from the Corpora- tion ?—No, they are furnished rooms. The Coroner: 1- wonder, for your own sake, you do not burn these houses down. They are not fit for human beings to live in.—The Corporation ought to buy them. (Laughter.) The Coroner: If the bedding was mino I should be inclined to take it up by the tongs and throw it out (Jurymen: Hear, hear.) The Foreman: How long is it since you were in this house P—l have been inside this week. The Foreman: It is not fit for a dog to live in. The owner was asked whether these rooms were not let as furnished apartments to hood-wink the Corporation, who could not inspect them as they would do common lodging-houses, and he replied that they were suitable for the class of people that inhabited them. The Coroner informed the owner that the jurymen had been in four or five cif these houses and they were disgusted at the shocking state of things revealed. They were all of opinion that the houses ought to be pulled down. The jury returned a verdict that death was due to alcohol and want of food, and added a rider that the Coroner be requested to draw the atten- of the Corporation to the houses and suggesting that they be swept away.

PROFESSIONALISM IN SPORT AND RELIGION

MUNICIPAL TRADING AND THE LOCAL BUDGET.

Many of us were %Tidy glad to hear Alderman Bennett emphasise the gratifying results of municipal trading in Warrington on the occasion of his budget speech: The significance of the figures rather escaped the assembled Councillors but if they will carefully read the statement prepared by the Alderman it will be seen that his criticisms of Lord Avebury and others were timely and fully justified. The noble lord and his friends never seem to tire of disseminating well- known fictions about local debts. They forget how- ever to produce evidence in support of their contention that municipal trading by adding to the debt is responsible for increasing the rates. It has of course precisely the opposite effect. The trading enterprises I meet the debt charges, sinking fund, etc., and pay out surpluses in relief of rates. If the charges made for gas, electricity, markets, or other service, -provide i surpluses then the critics declare the profits to be I artificial. How can this be when municipal charges are always lower than company charges for the same I service ? It is true the municipality has a monopoly in some respects, but there is always an effective public demand for reduction in price of gas, etc., and the public monopoly does not reap huge profits by inflating prices, as would occur if the monopoly were a private one. The monopoly is in the nature of the services, whether owned by the community or by a company. The inhabitants of Warrington are profit makers even when dead, for the local Cemetery has a revenue in excess of expenditure. The traducers of municipal trading, wriggle as they may, cannot explain away the facts compiled so excellently by the Borough Treasurer of Preston. What the public socially need they should socially own and control, and this dictum is proving itself to be a paying basis of municipal finance even in so small a town as War- rington.__ _ _

Long live Ilunicipal enterprise and its prophets, say I.

LAZARUS,

WHY THE L.R.C. HAS FAILED

In my second article under the heading of " Mysterious initials," I gave a few facts concerning the history of the Warrington Labour Representation Committee. It would be seen that up to the time when the Shipwright's executive refused to allow Mr. Wilkie to became the Labour candidate for Warring- ton, the increase in membership had been very satis- factory, and my contention is that had Mr. Wilkie been secured as candidate the membership would have continued to grow and in all probability there would now have been a strong L.R.C. with a representative in Parliament, and also members on the Town Council. The result of having a Parliamentary Labour candi- date has had a remarkable effect in other towns, in building up the local labour rarty, and has been the main factor in keeping the members together. Various objections have been raised against the L.R.C. from time to time by local trades unionists. Strong objec- tion, sometimes very unfair, was made by Liberal trades unionists, against any further. attempt being made to secure a Labour candidate, after failing with Mr. Wilkie. It was argued by the objectors that it would damage Mr. Crosfieldis chances of victory. Why this should concern the members of an L.R.C. I am at a loss to understand, without it is that many of the membe s were Liberals first and trades unionists and Labour men a "long way after." Then objection was made by ' others to the I.L.P. being connected with the Committee. This was because the I.L.P was a Socialist organisation. So strong was the objection that the members of the I.L.P. decided to secede, so that there might be no excuse in that score for trades unionists refusing to to join L.R.C. It was Said that they, the trades unionists, objected to any orgAnisation being affiliated who could put forward candidates for election who I were not trades unionists, and who would have to be supported by all the members. The withdrawal of the I.L.P. however did not prove to be the "turn of the tide "as was expected would be the result. Those of us who have been closely connected with the Labour movement during recent years know that the I.L.P. element has been and is now, the motive power which helps forward Om movement of labour representation. Without the I.L.P. influence, either through the branches or through individual members no L R.C. possesses any vitality worth the name. In my opinion the principal reason for the failure of the L.R.C. in Warrington is the apathy and prejudice of the local trade unionists. This can only be removed by educa- tion on the principles of labour representation. Who is to administer that education if not the 1.L.P.? Can any reader answer the question? I should like to see it answered if there is another method which is a better one. The first lesson is one of political independence, to be followed by the lesson of Socialism as the ideal for all. One must admire the way in which Mr. Buckley, as secretary, has stood by the committee. Ms efforts were certainly deserving of better results.

'THE SCOUT,

===== 0002601_19070420_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM WARRINGTON TO LONDON.

IThe extraordinary success of municipal trading at Warrrington (says the " Daily New ") furnishes another object lesson for London. The Warrington budget for the coming year shows that the rates are being reduced by 4d. in the pound, owing to the increased profit from town services. The actual amount of relief now received from the municipal undertakings has risen to £16,000 per annum equival- ent to a rate of is. 7d. in the pound. Alderman Bennett, in presenting these cheerful figures to the Towp Council, remarked, amidst cheers, that if War- rington were wound up to-morrow it could pay 265. Bd. in the pound. As time goes on, these results, excellent as they are, must, from the inherent character of the case, be beaten, for Warrington, of course, is not merely making profit on its undertak- ings, but year by year redeeming its capital indebted- ness. Every year the sinking fund reduces the amount of interest to be paid in the succeeding year: So Warrington will pass from strength to strength, while London is unfortunately denied by its own folly the means of acquiring further remunerative undertakings. It has the privilege of bearing all the unremunerative expenditure; but it has votel for handing all the remunerative expenditure over to the companies. It will soon be asked to lease its electric bulk supply to a Trust,to which it will pay toll perhaps for half a century on every tramcar run and every , lamp lit. At the end of that time it will buy out the I scheme at twice its value as it bought out the Water ; Trust only a year or two ago.

writes deprecating professionalism in sport He goes further, however, and regrets that the work- ingmen of Warrington should devote so much of their time and thought to football and so little to religion. "Football," he says, "is now purely professionalism, another and easy way of getting a living without working, and the players play the game because they are paid." A.P.L., I fancy, is one of those individuals who find some pleasure in denouncing professionalism in sport, because football attracts big crowds, whilst the churches remain almost empty. Professionalism in sport, however, ought to be no more denounced than professionalism in religion. We pay men to preach and pray for us, and why should we not pay men to play football for us? If it is possible to get smarter and cleverer men for the ministry by paying them to devote the whole of their services to the profession, why should it not be equally advantageous to pay athletes to give their whole time to sport? Very much of the shouting against this, that, or the other form of amusement comes from sources, I am afraid, not altogether free from selfishness. If we could examine the fly-blown credentials of the grumblers, we should not only find them antiquated, but signed by I COULD ONLY HEAR WHISPERS. carping bigots with hearts no bigger than pea-nuts. Football, played honestly, keeps the 'whole circle of I A very deaf witness at the Clerkenwell County Court was unable to hear the judge's shouted question: the sensations in quick and full play, and is above all " Can you hear me ?" but he responded to a whispered praise. If a man is no better for watching of playing repetition of the query by his wife, who, throughout the game he should give it up. If he is, then he can the hearing, stood at his side and communicated every afford to ignore the periodical outbursts of sport- question to him in undertones, which he heard. pessimists and continue, for a short period, to engage in ouch a form of recreation as will recruit enerqies overstrained by mental or physical work, and occasion- ally fascinate friends and pilgrims by his wonderful talk of the game that won the cup and gave a fine set of muscular men their medals. JOHN WORKMAN.

A man was tined at the Willesden Police Court for drinking in a public-house at Willesden during pro- hibited hours on Sunday. Had he walked another quarter of a mile he would have been entitled to a drink, and had he waited another ten minutes it would have been opening time.

INVESTORS Should Consult with Mr. CLAYTON, whose knowledge of Real Estate Value is of infinite importance.

U NDISPUTED He, as Principal, buys and sells more FACT Properties than any half-dozen firms in Manchester, thereby gaining knowledge in the most practical way. ADVICE

FREE. Can you do better than accept it?

SMALL INVESTMENT.

5 Shops (Rent) £BB 2 All payments 40 13

0 4

Net Income,

PRICES £220.-21i PER CENT.

MR. CLAYTON, . 18, Albert Square, Manshester.

TELEPHONE Ne. 1401121,

===== 0002601_19070420_art0094.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
kIWW

===== 0002601_19070420_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19070420_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
"M 110.•••-

===== 0002601_19070420_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,^k 1 • ,

===== 0002601_19070420_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
'''MEC=nT

iIitA*MMOI

===== 0002601_19070420_art0099.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0100.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
: • ; - •

===== 0002601_19070420_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, . . - ,

===== 0002601_19070420_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
110 YOU GET UP

ITN k LAME BACK?

Have You Rheumatism, Kidney, Liver or

Bladder Trouble P

To Prove what Swamp-Root the Great Kidney, Liver and Bladder Remedy, will do for YOU, all our Readers May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free.

Pain or dull ache in the back is unmistakable evidence of kidney trouble. It is Nature's timely warning to show you that the track of health is not clear.

The mild and extraordinary effect of the world- famous kidney and bladder remedy, Dr. KItMER'S Swarnp-Root, is soon realized. It is world-famous for its wonderful cures of the most distressing cases. A trial will convince anyone. You may have a sample bottle absolutely free.

If these danker signals are unheeded, more serious results are sure to follow: Bright's Disease, which is tbe worst form of kidney trouble, may steal upon you.

DR. KILMER.'S

, .17........:„ , . 1.1J4, I ~.,, i. • _____,----,fi :ii, ':4)iiJj iy -•,:iWi -, 4'. 'f' :.I.lllilij I ,1 ' \ , '..."'N,,4 14.1‘"•44(1' ff 7 -\ \ ..•., .N.'"l‘ ' ' , . '', ,(4.7/70, I • \, - ‘`,..\''.., ~,1 \ . (V ' '''''' i(l,f ' :C*ZA: 'll 10 1.. I. __ ;i,.F4. -:.:,.,, ~, ~,' /;% . , .. -- . _--,---- ,r.. - .r................. t.l -, ‘71,:ttite.:0:..;:,,p ,-.. 1 ' -gi....4..('N.-,-!I 1J iir • _. _ ill\ .•, . , Av... :‘\\ ‘ ~. -----,t,". , _ r,. 1 . A'. 41'1 ll :'• 4. -\ )_iii. ~ ill' ...._... -----=''i"\ // !.................. \ , \ , . it t I ~ •\ I Al •I • • t .....:„:_l dr,,,...__...--'=----- ;•:-..-_, -•--- ~

===== 0002601_19070420_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
SWAMP ..r.. ,l- OT

LAME BACK.

Lame back is only one of many symptoms of kidney trouble. Other symptoms showing that you need Swamp-1-toot are, being obliged to pass water often during the day and to get up many times during the night, inability to hold your urine, smarting or irritation in passing, brickdust or sediment in the urine; catarrh of the bladder, uric acid, occasional headache, dizziness, poor digestion, sleeplessness, nervousness, sometimes the heart acts badly, rheumatism, bloating, irritability, wornout feeling, lack of ambition, loss of flesh, sallow com- plexion.

If your water when allowed to remain undisturbed in a glass or bottle for twenty-four hours, forms a sediment or settling, or has a cloudy appearance, it is also evidence that your kidneys and bladder need immediate attenion.

In taking Swamp-Root you afford natural help to Nature, for Swamp-Root is the most perfect healer

Tl.e Great Kidney, Liver O. &ladder CurP

and gentle aid to the kidneys that is known to medical science.

In order to prove the wonderful merits of Swam- Root you may have a sample bottle and a book of valuable information, both sent to you absolutely free. The book contains many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured. The value and success of Swamp-Root is so well-known that our readers are advised to send for a sample bottle. In sending your address to DR. KILMER & CO., Dept. 329, TEMPLE CHAMBERS, LONDON, E.C., be sure to say TOU read this generous offer in the "Warrington hxaminer." The genuineness of this offer is guaranteed.

- If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need,you can purchase the regular is. 2s. 3d. and 4s. 6d. size bottles at chemists and stores everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remem- ber the name, Swamp-Root, DR. KILMER'S Swamp- Root, and the address, on every bottle. Accept no substitute.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BLUE GOAT SCHOOL.

Presentation to Mr. and Mrs. Rose.

At the meeting of the trustees held on Monday last, an interesting prese itation was made to Mr. and Mrs. Rose, the head master and mistress, in connection with their 25 years of service to the institution. Mr. J. C. Parr was in the chair, and there were also present Canon Willis, Rev. E. C. E. Carleton, Rev. Harry Pigot, .Captain Withington, Messrs. Charles White, James Hepherd, R. C. Parr, George Dakin, R. T. Fairclough, Major Appleton and Colonel Buckton (trustees), Mr. Henry Greenall (law clerk) and Mr. E. J. Hall. Letters expressing regret at their inability to be present were also read from Colonel Blackburne (who was abroad) and Canon..Penrhyn.

Mr. and Mrs. Rose were called into the room, all the trustees standing as they entered when the Chairman said: —" As chairman and senior trustee present here to-day, it is my privilege to convey to you the congratulations of the trustees,with the expression of their satisfaction and approbation of your management of this school and your care of the children during the 25 years you have had it under your charge. At the last meeting when it transpired that a quarter of a century had elapsed since you made your first annual report, it seemed to have occurred to all the trustees present that the event deserved some little recognition, not. in the light of a reward for past services, these we feel sure will reap their reward in the feeling that you have done your duty and earned the esteem and regard of the trustees and the respect and grati- tude-of all connected directly and indirectly with the school, and that you have been instrumental in launch- ing into the world so many of the rising generation equipped with all that good education, good moral training, and•above all good religious. God-fearing principles can provide to ensure their success and

I

I I

"The doctor said my back was the worst he had ever seen." Thus spoke Mr. Alfred H. Lillierapp, of - Chewton Road,Pretoria Avenue,Walthamstow,Lonf N.E., in describing the terrible skin disease from IV._ Zam-Buk has just released him. His case is powerf evidence of the unfailing excellence of Zam-Buk. "For eight weeks," said Mr. Lillierapp, "I was au! i ing with eruptions n my back, which came in the of headless pimples, and spread until my back completely covered, being accompanied by irritatio intense as to prevent my sleeping. I tried several s; and emollients but found no relief. My back so bad that I had to have my hands bound up at night to stop me scratching myself. I consulted a doctor, who said my back was the worst he had seen. He gave me medicine and lotion, but they seemed to irritate all the more. In fact, I became quite anxious about it One evening I read about Zam-Buk, so sent for a sample. My wife used it upon ‘me according to the direc- tions and I found such a difference that I decided to give Zam-Buk a further trial. Well, I hardly know how to express my gratitude for the benefits I have now derived. My back is now as smooth as I could wish it to be. It is marvellous what Zam-Buk has done

Zam-Buk is invaluable for sore backs, ulcers, eczema, cold-sores, chilblains, ring worms, barber's rash, spreading scabs, sore breasts, boils, abscesses, running sores, scalp irritation, festering sores, piles, and all inflamed and painful conditions of the skin; also fo, cuts, bruises, burns, scalds, abrasions, chafings, itch, cramp, stiff joints, cold feet, weak ankles chapped hands, sprains, stiffness, bad legs, swollen knees, poisoned-wounds, laccrat et% wounds, colds and chilis, sore throat and chest, rheumatism, neuralgia, and sciatica. Of chemist for -WI and 219 per box (large si4e contains nearly four times the small) or rs for the same prices from the Zam-Buk Co., 4, Red Cross Street, London, E.C.

SORE . . ''. , JACK ... . ..:;.,' , -- ..... - iii , ~ ffer- , , form , 7yl ~.,,, eL .., : 12- " was 4,4,. , //4" Os. •,. nso , 4444 il • 6," • , . ..;:k ‘ became • 'tqc; 44 ...... • fit iii i ' .5:••• 1% ir , .„, A. ...P7.. .40 i• ....,,, , *.,...„ # . 4.,,..; , .. y -.*. Of 41, , ' 1.2,,‘ ,il'il'ir „,,,,,4.:t •• •'•;1 ' ..,!.,,,,;.',e, ,ir, • *-., ',.. •;:-r•- 1 _ • 4.- ' '''''..+7 - '7‘,.....%, ', •(,?:,','e:, -'....`:`";"1-*, ' I irl. ".--:t -.7X.33',- , Sena this cratpon A ~.ilvon, ~,.' ~t' - • -,"?..-it , >st , f0r.77" ,-;.• • "..' ,5..:::-i: .4. ',.' '714, to Z•tm-Buk'Co . ;••:At ...d .1 !,. 1.. :111,tr 4..;* 1.11 .' 6.-• J4v4:4 i 15. Greek Street', .T, .• * ','”*. •:; -`„,' :. If .0 t -*4. Leeds. .- i I ee. to obtain •* ' ••• •,.'kr• ~.. ......00 . , -I' a dainty flee ! IT r ,ample box. - ~., ;,,cO, all 3 ''', i .„..„, ~,,,,,,... 4,44,,,,.„,, 4 •,.. . . 4 .' ' • r4V110:`,91%.,..17,.., ...,Xw..41-• ~" 4A4,. ; ',',. '. ' elii.,' - 4 .--,„...,„ _ ;;, I,:." i', • ;111,0 A*.%1.1,,t 4 -NY,U ..i.;-; „: '..,,,',1;:t1,-,:tc..,:.iv,-; ,'%,r.,.ftr71 .gii. , ),*.' ',.. : P• 0,:•,,:,,,;- :top ~.. ere,t'., . , ~- • v.;4,•:,t. , ilw: t0v.,,.:..., , , ~- ~' • ;',"A:N... .. , -.* ?''' A.,

===== 0002601_19070420_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

...

===== 0002601_19070420_art0106.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070420_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, April 20, 1907.

MY DEAR RELATIONS,— There is a very old saying that "Spring Showers bring forth May Flowers." This is undeniable, and, as far as I can see, I think that the same joyful season can also be credited with bringing forth a great many new members —and this is a subject very near to my heart. My post this week includes applications from nine would-be members, all of whom are eligi- ble. I only wish this would be the average each week, and in time we should soon become a leading League. As it is, considering the length of our existence we have not done at all badly, as our books show over three thousand members. I shall not be satisfied until we have at least ten thousand, so I hope all you dear children will hurry and bustle about so that my ambition will soon be realised. How are you all getting on with the puzzles? I hope by the time this letter is in print to raceive hundreds of solutions, and, what's more, I believe I shall get them, and I am 'one of those cheerful individuals who live in hope—and trust to luck. Yours till next week, UNCLE NED.

WELCOME TO Edith Wallace. E. Warren. Doris Exley. Joseph Harper. Florence Eileen Hays. D'Arcy Betts. Ethel Collett. Fred Joy. Toni Edmund Jessop.

REPLIES TO CONTRIBUTORS.

Hilda M.—Your card is greatly appreciate.d, and

so, I understand, the -chocolates were. Hope you'll be successful again. ' David S.--You are quite welcome. I have just laid in another stock of Extract of Herbs. Percy.—No, I can't call to mind the fact you mention. No doubt you are right. I will

think the matter over. Gerty T.—Thanks for letter received. I hope to answer it fully in my next.

WORD SQUARE. 1. A common bird.

2. The act of being carried. 3. A well-known dentifrice. 4. In a good state of health.

HIDDEN CLOTHES. 1. We all know that Harding loves horses. 2. He hae very capacious pockets in his coat. 3. The bee,s in the hive stopped working. 4. I will call and see Ruth at one o'clock. 5. Please put George's hoe in the tool-shed.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. AGAR BEEr'S VISIT.

Lecture on " Nature and God."

The Rev. Dr. Agar Beet is one of the best known theologians of the day and his visit to Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church on Sunday and Monday aroused con- siderable interest. The rev, gentleman formerly worked in the Warrington circuit and has many friends here who were pleased to take the opportunity of hear- ing him. There were large congregations on Sunday and Dr. Beet's eloquent and instructive discourses were listened to with deep attention. The choir rendered special music, Mr. T. W. Pearce being at the organ. At the morning service Miss Hipkiss sang "Come unto me" very effectively. In the evening the choir gave a creditable interpretation of CTiounod's anthem Send out Thy light "and Miss Pitt feelingly sang " 0 rest in the Lord."

"NATURE AND GOD." DR. BEET'S INTERESTING LECTURE.

On Monday evening there was a largii congregation .to hear a lecture by Dr. Beet on "Nature and God." Mr. James Dodds was announced to preside, but he was unable to attend as he was away from home recruiting his health. The Rev. Sidney Pitt, who took the chair, said all the members of that church had 'a heartfelt wish that Mr. Dodds' health which was so valuable to them and to so many might be completely restored, and that quickly. Tn the course of a letter Mr. Dodds said "I think it wIl that in this passing hour of spiritual unrest a tried, trusted, competent theological leader like Dr. Beet,so ripe in scholarship, so clear in thought, so transparently fearless and honest, should come down to Warrington occasionally and in our presencerifeel about the bases and foundation of our faith and still more firmly stablish our hearth and minds in the great Christian verities." Mr. Dodds had for- warded a substantial contribution to the collection. The Chairman went on :to speak of the value at this time of having amongst them a teacher so clear and reliable as Dr. Beet. It was a great pleasure to see so many youngf people present, and he hoped they would all possess themselves of Dr. Beet's recent book "The Compendium of Theology." They would then see how very far their faith was from resting on insecure founda- tions, how little it was that wan taken for granted, and how step by step the way was made on which a reason- able faith might rest. Dr. BEET said his topic that night was two great words—" Nature" and God," and he purposed to try to go down to the broad ultimate foundations not so much of Christianity .but of all .religions and to go hack to something older than Christ or even than Moses or the earliest part of the Old Testament, to something ..vider-spreading than Christianity.He wanted to try to fiud certain solid foundations on which all religious people of every religion might set their feet and stand firmly. They would look first at religion without Ohrist and without the Bible. When he said

that he meant a religion available for many who lived before Christ was born and who never saw the Bible or beard the name of Moses. They had no bigger words in human language than the words " Nature " and God." Nature included everything they could see and touch and feel by direct perception. The name of God described One whom they could neither see, nor touch, One great Invisible who surrounded and embraced everything. He thought they would find written on the face of Nature the name of God. When they stood before the God of Nature they would find themselves in a great dillicultl and dilemma, but in that difficulty the name of Jesus Christ and His personal reality would come to them and do for them what Nature itself could not do. The great and wonderful picture of the world was the first thing they saw on looking around them, and they noticed how many of the objects In nature were of great beauty, whilst others showed a marvellous adaptation of means to useful ends. Looking at nature more discriminatingly,they saw that everything divided itself into three categories which be could bring before them in very small compass in the form of the rock, the moss that grew upon the rock, and the butterfly. Those three represented the categories of the lifeless, the living and the rational. Another fact which Impressed them was that changes were always going on, and some of them, such as day and night, the seasons, youth, old age, and death were rhythmic changes. They wanted to find the ulti- mate source of nature. The ocean, the stars, and the rooks—where did they come from? Fortunately to some exteut they could answer that question and here natural science came to their help. He was not going to contradict natural science—he was not fit to do so— and he would not accept anything from natural science except those points in which all men of science were agreed. One of those points of agreement was that there were the three divisions of the lifeless,the living, and the rational. Those divisions marked off three great epochs in the world's history. Every man of science would tell them that `there wfis a time when nothing lived on earth, when this planet was lifeless. Then again there was a time when there were living things on earth, but no man or woman. Another result of science which they owed to the last century was the knowledge of the fact that so far as science had observed, out of the living the lifeless never came. But it had come, because this was once a lifeless world and to-day it teemed with life. Within the limits of these three epochs, men of science could do a great deal to tell them how things came to be. They told them that the lower animals existed first and by means of diagrams they showed plainly bow the successively higher forms came into being. Purther than that ,men of science had tried to explain how our planet came into existence. He (the lecturer)thought they had shown suecessfully that there were certain natural forces at work and that those

forces made the big ball of a planet on which we lived. Darwin and others had tried to show that in a somewhat similar way by the operation of natural forces the successive forms of animals' one higher than the other, had come into being. But they had utterly failed to show how life came to be. He thought they had given that up. No natural force known to us could create life. No one could explain the functions of life, the mysterious faculty with which a human being took food into himself and in the wonderful laboratory of ' his own body turned it into bone, flesh and blood. There must have been at work, in a time *(roue by a force altogether higher than all the forces that man had observed in nature. They found in nature the footprint of a greater power. In all ages,continued the lecturer, men, had seen that this universe must spring from intelli- gence. Science had been a wonderful handmaid to theology and they must wish well to their men of science in prosecuting their studies. All_natural _ _

science told them that the universe was one. Whatever was known stood related to whatever else was known. The lecturer then referred to conscience, showing how

men pronounced judgment as to what was right and wrong and even condemned their own actions. While pronouncing that judgment they knew that not only was it just but that it was the voice of someone higher than themselves. These judgments were practically the same in all extreme cases, in all ages and in all nations. In the literature of the ancient world, written before Christ by people who had never . . .

heard-the name of Moses, they iouild the same persons were honoured and the same sort were dishonoured.

There was, continued the lecturer, a certain grim satis- faction when a bad man got hi u deserts, even though it was at the hands of the assassin. We did not excuse the assassin but we felt that the fact that bad men killed one another made them the executioners of God to some extent. On the whole sin brought sorrow and icell-doing brought happiness. There were always exceptions which had puzzled the wisest of mankind in all ages. The good man who did right and lost his life

had fast all unless there was some-thing beyond the grave. In all ages of ,the world the same explanation had been given—that the present life was not the only life, that death was not the end of all, that beyond the grdve the martyr still lived, receiving the due reward for the righteous act which brought him to a premature grave. They found permeating all the literature of the ancient world a _ _

belief in an ultimate retribution for good and evil. This .was the Universal Theology—an intelligent Creator,

a righteous Ruler, a retributiOi; beyond the-grave. That was the solid foundation. The Moslems believed all that. Natural Theology, however, could not save; they ne3ded more than that, because they had sinned and when be thought of judgment he was not prepared to stand and be judged, for he had sinned. Natural theology had no word of pardon and therefore it could not save. Unless they could teach children something more than to pay their debts, they would not save them. They needed the word of pardon and the power to do right, and that was where Jesus Christ came in. All these things were preparing the way for Mtn by creat- ing in man the sense of guilt and helplessness, and then Jesus came and said Come unto me all ye that have erred and are weary, and I will give you rest." That was why they sent missionaries to the heathen. While they taught the happier doctrines of the Gospel they must firmly teach the plain fundamentals which had been their matter of study that evening. On the mption of the Rev. SIDNEY PITT, a cordial vote of thanks was passed to Dr. Beet for his lecture and to Mr. Dodds for his help in arranging the visit.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
BATTLESHIP COALING RECORD.

H.M.S. Implacable broke the world's record at Malta on Thursday, taking on board 1,050 tons or coal in two hours and forty minutes, being an average of 394 tons per hour. No shore labour was engaged, and only baskets were used. The record was previously held by H.M. cruiser Black Prince, with 316 tons per hour.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
"TOO LAZY TO WALK."

Said to be too lazy to walk, Arthur Chilcot, a drowsy- looking individual, also proved himself too lazy to talk at the South-Western Police'Court on Thursday, when he was sentenced to threh months' hard labour as a refractory casual, with the expression of a magisterial hope that he would be made to work in prison.

42 YEARS AS BANDMASTER. I A concert was held in the Newton Town Hall on Monday night to commemorate the 42 years' service of Bandmaster T. Batley. The selections by the band were well received, and the programma was also sus- tained by Miss Tissie Eden, Mr. J. Mchoßs, Mr. W. E. Forshaw, the Leo Male Voice Choir and Mr. John Molyneux.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
The Season' 0 Ailments.

Spring days are trying days. The change of season becomes a burden to all men and women whose blood is thin and weak. A strange weakness in the limbs, a feeling of weari- ness and melancholy, attacks of neuralgia and headaches, with feeble appetite and acute in- digestion these are common troubles of springtime. All victims of Spring ailments need help to strengthen and build up the blood and nerves, but purgatives only aggravate the weakness. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People give "tone" to the tired nerves; what is more, they make Good Rich Blood and enable weakened systems to throw off all impurities. They impart new strength, im- prove the appetite, dispel all digestive troubles and skin disorders, and make

===== 0002601_19070420_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
MEN STRONG, WOMEN WELL ,AND ROSY.

Miss Lizzie Carter, of 22, Butt- lane Idle, near Bradford, states that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills transformed her from a weak, ailing girl to a healthy, vigorous young _ woman. "I neglected my health," she stated, "with the result that all strength vanished. I felt terribly languid and miserable ; I turned Against food and could not digest what little I did eat. Violent pains ran through my chest and back, making me feel dizzy and sick. My face was ghastly pale and my eyes were dull and sunken. So shattered were my nerves that the least sound set up acute headaches. I was utterly run-down. "Then I was advised to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills; I did, and after a time I could not help noticing a general improvement in my health. The colour returned to my cheeks •, my spirits improved greatly, and I could take exercise without fatigue. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills saved me from months of misery:"

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have cured Anamia, Indigestion, Rheumatism, Eczema, and Skin Diseases, Nervous Disorders, Neuralgia, St. Vitus' Dance, Paralysis, and Ladies' Ailments. Sold by all dealers ; or direct from the British Depot, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, post free 2s. 9d. for one box, or 13s. 9d. for six boxes.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
Dr. Wi I I Pink :gills

ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT liRAGUE. FIRST DIVISION.

P. W. L. D. For Agt. Pts. Oughtrington Park l5 14 1 0 70 13 28 Warrington Albions Latchford Christ Church Orford Barracks Palatine

Thelwall l4 4 4 6 22 20 14 Costner Kellner Halton Villa l7 4 9 4 19 29 12 St. Bitrnabas lB 310 5 24 41 11

lands A.F.O l5 $ll 1 11 30 7 SECOND DwiSION.

Halton A.F.C.26 23 211 52 26 37 Widnes St. Paul's Penketh Athletic 23 13 3 7 70 39 33 Castner Kellner Reserve Oughtrington Park Reserve 22 9 5 8 60 24 26 Warrington St. Paul's Latchford Crescent 25 11 11 3 43 44 25 St. Barnabas Reserve 22 10 9 3 44 35 23 Orford A.F.C.25 612 7 30 51 19 Christ Church Reserve Warrington St. Elphin's Walker's Blewery Sankey St. Mary's 23 517 1 22 42 11 Rylands Reserve Matches for April 30th. Castner Kellner v. Rylands, Oughtrington Park v. Rylinds. Castner Res. v. Penketb.

Christ Church Res. V. Sankey St. Marys. Oughtrington Park Res. v. St. Barnabas. Warrington St. Pants v. Widnes St. Paula.

Walkers v. St. Barnabas.

Results for April _l3th..

Christ Church 0, Halton Villa 2, Palatine 0, Oagh- trington Park 4. St. Barnabas 0, Orford Barracks 2._ _ _

Latchford Cre;: o,Castner Res. 2, Walkers 0. Orford 0. Warrington St. Paula 1, Sankey St. Marys 4, Penketh 0, Rylands Res. 3. Oughtrington Park Res. 1, Halton 2. Results for 'Aprill6th. Castner Kellner 1, Oughtrington Park 2.

DON'T TRIFLE WITH

a=nllloll4ll

===== 0002601_19070420_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
INDIGESTI

It is dangerous in the highest degree and there is nothing you can less afford to neglect. This distressing complaint weakens your whole system, because it reduces the supply of nourishment and fills your blood with impuri- ties. Take MOTHER SEIGEL'S SYRUP-now-and end the trouble before it becomes dangerous.

BUT

===== 0002601_19070420_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
CU ! .E IT

WITH

"My tongue was coated in the morning, and there was a bad taste in my mouth. My head ached, oh! such a lot, and so often; there were sharp stabbing pains in my side and little balls of light used to dance before my eyes. But MOTHER SEIGEL'S SYRUP completely cured me."— From Mrs. FROBISIIER. 22, Armitage Street, Castleford, Yorks. May 21st, 1906.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTHER

64'4 '779 7I 4 44 EL'S • ••

SYRUP THE CURE THAT ALWAYS CURES. The 216 bottle contains three times as much as the use.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
----.1.---,-

Dear Uncle Ned,—l should very much like to become one of your Nieces. I am sending you a story, .entitled, "The First Echo." THE FIRST ECHO.

Long, long ago the Goddess Juno became very angry with Echo, one of her maidens. Echo was a lively girl, always bright and cheerful, and very fond of talking. In order to punish her, Juno took. from the girl the power of speech, allowing her only to repeat the last word spoken by others. At the same time there lived a very beautiful, but very vain and selfish, boy, named Narcissus. One day he lost him- self in the woods, and, hoping someone was near, he cried out, "Is anyone here?" Echo, who was resting under a tree, wished to speak to this handsome youth, but could say only, -Here." Narcissus looked around, but seeing no one, passed on to a clear, cool pond. Being thirsty, ho stooped to drink, when he saw a picture of his own face in the water. "Who are you?" he asked in surprise. Echo, hidden among the trees, answered, "You."

The vain Narcissus smiled, and the face in the water smiled back at him. It was such a beautiful face that he could not tear himself from the spot. . .

Day after day he knelt beside the water look- ing at himself. "Speak to me," he cried again and again, and every time poor Echo replied, "To me." He became thin and weak, and at his great grief killed him. The body of the youth became changed into a 'beautiful flower—the lovely narcissus which to this day you will find growing by the sides of lakes of the woods. As for poor Echo, when the found that Narcissus did not speak again, she grew troubled. Little by little her body faded away, until at last nothing was left of the once lovely girl but her voice. E. WARREN.

ENA'S RIDE. From the farmyard little Ena Came one morning full of glee; "I have had a ride, on Gipsy In the meadow pond," cried she. "Oh, and, mother, it was lovely When his legs and feet went in, For the water jumped up quickly, And the splashes hit my chin." With a smile her mother answered, "Yes, and Gipsy bent his head For a drink, and you were frightened." was not," the darling said. "For the horseman, Ted, was near me, And he held me by my dress; He was in the water also, He was riding quiet Bess.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0118.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r:FRA - . ir, _ .

===== 0002601_19070420_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
TOLL PRY.

ein going to tell you a sad story about a Ale girl whose nick-name was "Poll Pry." the was, on the whole, a good girl; but she Lad one great fault. Her mother was a dress- maker, and, when alady came to try on a dress, she was always sent out of the room(' This the little girl did not like; and she always stood just outside, and peeped through. the keyhole. One day her father came in at the back-door, and saw his little daughter with her eye at the keyhole of the parlour door. He told her how wrong it was for anyone to do things on the sly. But the next time she had the chance she did the same thing again. One day a lady came, and wished to see her mother quite alone. So she was sent out of the room, and told to shut the door after her. But she took care not to Latch, the door, as she wanted to hear what was said. When the lady saw the door was not quite closed, she walked across the room and shut it. At that moment, a dread- ful scream was heard on the other side of the door; and, on opening it, there was the poor girl with her finger all black and bloody. She I was holding the door ajar when the lady came and shut it, and so her finger was jammed. It was a long time before she lost the name of "Poll Pry," but from that day she was cured of her fault. Whenever she was tempted to look or listen on the sly, she thought of her jammed finger. Hoping you will like my story,

MARGARET LILIAN PAYNE,

Dear Uncle Ned,—Many thanks for the prize, which was very nice. Will you please send me a bottle of Mason's Extract of Herbs. lam also sending you some riddles. I conclude with my best love to all ray cousins. __ _

M. WADSWORTH. When is an apple like a fish? When is a man like a tea-kettle just on the boil? Why is two thirteens like half a crown?

ANSWERS. 1. When a crab. 2. When he is going to sing. 3. Because it's 2 and 6.

CLEVER FRED. Fred came home from school the first half-year, As learned as learned could be: And wished to show to all around

How sharp a boy was he. So when at dinner he began: "Papa, you think you see Two roasted chickens on that dish; Now I can prove them three. "First this is one and that is one,

As plain as plain can be. I add the one unto the two And two and one make tree." "If so, then," answered his Papa, "If what you say is true, I'll take one, mamma take one; The third we'll leave for you!" ETHEL COLLETT.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
' +

Dear Uncle Ned,—l wish to become a member of your Children's Corner, so I enclose a fctory, called,

NOT FINGERS .ENOUGH

A little boy was once sent to school, when he was only four years old. He was very good, and tried to learn all he could; but, of course, at first he was not able to do much, and teacher only gave him easy Lessons. Among other things, she taught him how to do addition sums, and told him to use his fingers in count- ing. This he did for some time, until he got quite quick at adding numbers up to ten. But one day he was set a sum that came to more than ten. He could not make it out, and began tl try. "What is the matter, Bobby?" asked his teacher. "Please," Bobby replied, "I have not fingers enough to do this sum 1"

FLORENCE EILEEN HAYS.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
VISITORS

When little boys come in to lunch, And stay till after tea, My mother says, "How kind they are To come and play with me." They take my marbles, break my toys; And, when I want to fight, My mother says, "They're visitors, And you must be polite." "Give George the whip," she says, "And you can be the horse," And "He must have the biggest pear," And "be the King, of course." When we are hunting, he's the " cat," I'm just the frightened mouse— I'd rather be the visitor , At someone else's house.

MAY BRIGGS.

MAKING CAKES. I really love to be about On Mother's baking day, And coax for just a piece of dough, At making cakes to play. Some currants and some candied peel, To make my cakes so nice; And, just to see that they afre right,

I taste them once or twits. I cut the peel in tiny bits, I stick the currants in; And then I bang the mixture hard With Mother's rolling-pin. But somehow it surprises me,

When both the cakes are thine— My Mother's is as light as air, And mine a, heavy one. DORIS EXLEY.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL

===== 0002601_19070420_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION CUP. Warrington Finalists Again

SWINTON OUTCLASSED AT WIGAN.

Warrington made no mistake on Saturday, about securing tile right of contesting the final tie for the Cup when they easily vanquished Swinton in the semi-final at Wigan. A keen contest was expected but Warrington ran the Lions off their feet and won easily by 21 points to nil. Notwithstanding the wet morning there was a gate of 12,000 people, a quarter of whom came from Warrington, and the receipts were £328. Warrington played as selected, but Swinton had to substitute Oldfield for Fielding at full-back. The ground was in fair condition, though soft. Teams and officials : Warrington—Tilley, back; Jordan, Taylor, Isherwood, and Fish, three-quarter backs: Lees and Hockenhall, half backs ; Heath, Boardman, Thomas, Shugars, Belton, and Harmer, forwards. Swinton—Oldfield, back; Griffin, Valentine, Wall- work, and Jones, three-quarter backs; Booth and Cowell, half backs; Simister, Barnett, Davies, Hobson, Pomfret and Lloyd, forwards. Referee, Mr. W. Robinson, Manningham. • Warrington were fortunate in winning the toss: for it gave them the advantage of a strong breeze during the first half, but it was their opponents who made all the running in the initial sages. Swinton's forwards led off with a tremendous rush that gave an earnest of the policy they intended to pursue. It was their purpose to keep the ball close, and they succeeded admirably for a time. Tilley was hard pressed and Fish came to the relief of his side at a critical moment. A tre- mendous punt by him found touch over three parts of the field distipt and some vigorous play was witnessed IT the Swinton quarter. Lees, Hockenhall, Taylor and Jordan exchanged smartly, and a try seemed certain when the whistle went for a forward transfer. Still, Warrington were getting the upper band, and a premature attempt at clearance by the Swinton forwards resulted in a penalty from which Fish opened the score with a nice goal. Cowell was next forced to fall on the ball near his own line from , the scrummage. Lees and Isherwood handled smartly, ' Fish taking the final transfer, and running past Jones with ease. No goal resulted, but for the next tea minutes there was a perfect fusilade of penalty kicks , against the rash Swintonians, and Fish hit either the ' costs or the cross-bar four times without getting the all over the bar. Harmer and Heath dribbled over the line, only to be called back for an informolity, and Fish on another occasion cross-kicked to Jordan, who was only held a yard short of the line. But the " Wire- pullers " were not to be denied, and just before the interval Fish, after taking a pass from Isherwood doubled in, and caused a scrummage to be formed near the line, from which Lees broke away, and scored another unconverted try. Thus at half-time the score stood :—Warrington 1 goal 2 tries (8 points), Swinton nil. The second half went entirely in favour of Warring- ton who scored within two minutes of the re-start. The score was practically given away by Oldfield, who failed completely to field a bounding ball, and let in Thomas, who had nothing to do but pick up the ball and register a try, which Fish failed to convert. The " Lions " yielded absolutely after this, and very feeble, indeed, were the efforts made by their backs to defend their line. Warrington made all the play, and that they did not score more than they actually did was probably due tn the fact they that could see they bad their opponents at their mercy. After a lot of by-play, during which the ball was tossed about more or less indiscriminately, Hockenhall cleverly dropped a goal, and this effort he followed up with a smartly obtained try. The try wa in a measure due to Fish who had with fine judg- ment, kicked across the field, and the latter on this occasion added the goal points. The last score was a try credited to Fish, who romped over at the corner after the ball had passed through the hands of Thomas and Lees, and so the same had the result :—Warrington 3 goals,s tries (21 points), Swinton nil.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
SALFORD FAIL AGAIN.

The weather was worse at Rochdale, but nearly 16,000 onlookers paid to see the semi-final tie of the Northern Union Cup between Oldham and Salford, on the ground of the Rochdale Club. The receipts were £450.

Lomas won the toss, and, with a great wind blowing straight down the ground,naturally made Ferguson kick off against it. Oldham, however, soon showed they knew how to adapt themselves to the conditions, and, ably led by A. Lees, they neutralised the Salford men's advantage as much as it could possibly be done. The backs rarely kicked; if they could not make ground by low passing they preferred to be tackled, whilst the forwards dribbled most effectively, and were very difficult to stop. Ten minutes from the start Lewis,one of Salford forwards,was ordered off the field for striking an opponent,Mr.Clegg having only a few minutes previously warned him. After this Salford repeatedly got to the Oldham line by wind-aided kicks, but they could not keep their position. Preston and John were greatly at fault with wild passing,and when the three-quarters did receive the ball they generally dropped it, the only ex- ception to this rule being W. Thomas. Most of the good football came from the Oldharn men, and Mason was only just able to stop one capital round by Lees, the two Dixons, and Tyson from yielding a try. When the teams crossed over at half-time nothing had been scored, but Oldham went right away from the restart, and scored a splendid try. White was the trygetter, but the ball had previously been through the hands of Yewlett, Tooham, Lees, and W. Dixon. Cochrane made a bie attempt to stop White, but did not quite succeed. No goal was kicked, and Ferguson twice failed with penalty kicks, as Lomas had done for Salford in the opening half. Oldham continued to have all the best of the game. Salford were very hard pressed, but defended stoutly, and kept their opponents from scoring. Ultimately, however, Brown foolishly handled a long punt instead of allowing the ball to go dead, and from a subsequent scrummage on the Salford line Avery scored as a result of a scramble. Ferguson failed at goal, and thereafter Oldham had all the game, but they could not increase their lead, though the result was never in doubt. Result :—Oldham 2 tries (6 points), Salford nil.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY UNION.

STOCKTON HEATH v. ROCHDALE.

At Stockton Heath on Saturday. Rochdale started, a good return being made by Steele. Stockton Heath indulged in some smart passing, and Warren scored a try, the goal kick failing. Shortly afterwards Warren again got over,and this time Steele failed with the kick. Interval score: Stockton Heath, six points : Rochdale, nothing. In the secisnd half Stockton Heath immedi- ately pressed, but Rochdale relieved and took play to the other end, where Ray scored a try, the goal kick failing. Roe next got over, Tweedy placing a goal. In the last few minutes Barker added another for Rochdale. Final: Rochdale, eleven points; Stockton Heath, six points.

Same next week as this

===== 0002601_19070420_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
__ger s Food is different from anyother food obtain-

able; it contains in itself the natural digestive principles, and, in its preparation, the degree of pre-digestion can be determined with the utmost delicacy. It can therefore be served to suit the exact physical condition of the patient,

Benger's Food is mixed wtth fresh new milk. It forms a delicious and highly nutritive bream, rich in all the food elements necessary to maintain

'1 ,r,„; )-ffy , i /' IX L t../A. 0" , n i '-' ~,,,.. v.,,, ....4. Ao# lc. 54,0 ....„. . it. , Ben. A /... ''.° b re , .0 / 0 ~ ,/

I I

===== 0002601_19070420_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
vigorous health.

Benger's Food is sold by Chemists, etc., everywhere.

/ //

./,

===== 0002601_19070420_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

APR,IL. FROM WARRINGTON TO

Acton Bridge-7 14, 7 40, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 5, 1 10. 2 55, a 3 35, 5 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sunday, 10 15 a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 5, 8 35, 9 58, 11 42, bll 55, a.m. 1 50, 4 46, a 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 00, p.m. a Wedne,sdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 30, 78, 835, 9 58. 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 150, 446, 628, 7 20, 8 37, 98, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 6 0 p.m. h Saturdays only. Chester-7.34, 8 17, 9 5, 10 23, 11 30 a.m. 12 30, 1 40, 1 58,2 30 3 19, 422, 5 6,6 4,7 54,8 5,10 20, 11 35 p.m. Sundays- 8 44, a.m. 7 45, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green 7 5. 85, 8 25, 10 10, 10 55 a.m. 12 25, 2 45, 3 45, 5 15, 6 37, 7 8, 740, 9 25, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. G 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 34, 9 sa.m. 12 30, 230,3 19, 56, 64, f 3 5, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. • Dunham Hill-7 36, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 64, 744 p.m. Sunday S 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown4-5 30, 75, 8 5, 825, 835, 9 19, 10 14,10 55, 11 55 a.m. 12 25,1 15, 2 45,3 45,3 50, 515, 637, 7 8, 7 40,9 25, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 46,, 8 35, 843 a.m. 5 10, 6 0, 7 57, 9 54 p.m. Fiddle's' Ferry and Penketh-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 80, 10 0 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. , Frodsham-7 34. 95;10 23 10 30, a.m. 12 30 2 30, 3 19,4 22, 5 6, 6 4, 7 54,8 5, 10 20,a1l 35 p.m.Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golborne-5 30, 75, 85, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 3 50, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 pa. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 56, 64, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. irlam,Cadishead-7 0,7 508 8. 9 3 a.m. 22, 4 58, 710, 9 15, all 50 p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 18, 11 32 a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18, 935 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11. 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, • a 8 30, 925 p.m. Smadays 6 30,8 46 a.m.3 5,8 10 p.m. Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liverpool(C.L.C.)-a4 40,5 35,7 5,755,8 2,8 50,9 5, 0 50,10 30, 10 50, 11 50 am. 12 0,12 50,1 10, bl 13,1 50, 27, 2 50, 3 13, 3 50, 3 56, 45, 4 10, 4 50, 5 50, 5 57, 6 50, 75, 7 30, 80, 8 50, 8 55, 9 40, 10 4, 10 40, blo 42, bll 10; 11 30, 11 39 p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only a Saturdays excepted. Sundays 4 40, 535, 90, 9 55, 1120 a.m. 220, 2 39,4 46, 6 0. 7 10,8 28, 9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, a 5 25, 75, 7 27, 823 825, 0 19, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 1225, 155, 2 45, 3 20, 3 45, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17. 7 8, 7 40, 80, 25, blO 0, 10 30, bll 30 p.m. a Mondays only. Saturdays only. Sundays, 4 51; 5 30, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 28, 5 10, 60,80, 9 54 p.m. Lymm-6 15 7 17, 7 55. 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35' 49, 5 15, 6 10. 7 25, aB3O, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bll 40 p.m. b stops when required. ME.ncheiter (L. and N.-W)-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 56, 5 30, a 7 5, 85, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 12 18. 1 15, 2 41, 2 45, 3 31, 4 26, 5 15, 5 53,. 6 33, 7 20, 8 6, 9 22, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 55, 456,7 49 u.m. 515 60, 7 57, p.m. IVlondaysonly Manchester (C.I].C.)-6 55, 7 57' 88, 8 55 93, 955, 10 55, 1122, 11 55 a.m. 12 55. 1 55: 2 55, 3 55, 4 55,4 58, 5 55, 655 7 10, 7 55, 8 35, 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, biTl 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sunday, 8 45, 9 37, 10 18, 11 32 a.m 30, 3 15, 456, 50, 7 18, 853, 9 15,9 25, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 10 20, a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 2 55, a 3 35 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 55, b 4 43,5 30, 7 5,8 5,8 35, 9,19,9 25,10 10,10 40.10 55, 11 55. a.m. 1218.12 25, 1 15, 1 50, 2 45, 3 31. 3 50;4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 633, 720, 9 22, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 7 46, 8 43, fl.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Mondays only. Padgate-7 0, 7 12, 7 45, 8 8, 8 35, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 1218, 1,41, 355, 458, 5 33, 657 10, S 35, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0, 9 25 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0,10 0 p in. Sankey-7 5, 82,95,10 0, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, bl 0, al 8, 2 15, 3 23; 4 10, 5 28, 26, 75,80. 90, blO 0, alo 42, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 20 a.m. 2 39, 11 7. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-7 30, 8 23,0 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. St. Helens (L. & N.-W.)-7.5. 8.25, 10.10, 10.55, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3.20,3.45, 5.15, 6.37, 7.8, 7.40, 8.0, 9.25, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. -.Sundays, 8.35, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays only. Southport C.L.C.-7.5. 8 35, a 9.36, 10.25, 11.2, a.m.1.27, 3.18, 4 10, 5 3,b6.20,6 26, 7.40, 8 0, 9.0,10.35, 131 n. Sundays, 9.35, am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. aMondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Thelwall -6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 52, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 220, 335, 49, 515. 6 10, 7 23, a 8 30, 925 p.m.- Sundays 846 s.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan (.14. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 7 5, 8 35, 9 58, 10 55, 11 42 11 55 fI.M. 1 15, 1 50, 3 50, 4 46. 5 15, 6 28, 7 20, 8' 37, 98,10 23 p.m. Sundays 8 4:3 a.m. 3 35, 0, 934 p.m. Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 5, 95,10 0, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, al 0, bl 13. 2 15, 3 23, 4,10, 5 28, 6 23, 7 5, S 0, 9 0, alo o,blo 37 p.m. a Saturdays accented. h Saturdays only. Sundays 90,9 35 a.m. 2 39, 918 p.ta.

TO WARRINGTON FROM Acton Bridge-6 32,7 40, 8 51, 10 57 am. 12 19, a 249, 355, 4 41, 7 20, 8 28. Sundays 759 am. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L & N.-W.)-7 50, 8 25, 9 55, 10 22 11 10,12 450.. m. al 30, 38, 5 30, 6 48, 8 25, c 9 10, b 9 40, 10 5, pan. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 1 15, 4 55, 8 45, p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays "nly. c Thursdays only. Blackpool (L. 41.4 N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 40, 9 47, 11 25 a.m. 1 40, 3 28, 5 20, 7 0, 8 45, 100,1030 p.m. Sundays 7 25 a.m. 1 37,5 8, 740 p.m. Chester-2 25, h 4 26, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 10,40, 11 45 a.m. 2 0, 2 10, 30, 3 50. 5 18, 5 23,6 30, 7 35,8 10. 8 50 p.m. Sundays 2 25,4 20, 6 30 a.m.6 55, P.m. b Mondays excepted. Collins Green-6 40, 79, 843, 10 21, 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 2 10, 3 5, 4 1, 5 38, 6 42' 7 47, 9 6,4110 43, 10 58 P.m. Sundays 810 a.m. 7 15 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Daresbrtry-8 11, 10 17,11 18 a.m.2 49, G 2,7 11,8 48 p.m. Sundays 7 211 a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham Hill- 739, 9 52, 10 52 a.m. 2.99, 35, 6 47, 822 p.m. Sundays 648a.m. 7 9 p.m. Earlestown-7 2,7 13, 847, 850.9 15, 9 45, 10 26, 10 36, 11 26 a.m. 12 38, 1 14, 23, 327, 5 10, 5 43, 5 52. 6 55, 743, 88, 9 10, 9 34, 10 47, all 1, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 9 57, 10 3 a.m. 3 45, 7 24, 10 2 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and'Penketh-7 9, 8 53, 942, 10 45 8-1:n. .12 3, hl2 57, 24, 3 97, 54, 62, 6 58, 9 14 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Satutdays only.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
Frodshim-7 53, 90, 10 1, iii, a.m. 2 31, 49, 5 44, 6 56, 8 31, p.m. Sunday 72, a.m. 724 p.m. Golborne—fl44, 8 20, 10 12.a.m. 12 17, 2 41, 4 31, 5 30, 7 15, 9 -21, 10 49. a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 7 5 p.m. Helshr —7 16, 8 5,, t! 57. 10 : 40, 6 5). 3 97, 6 5:1.

, 47

Irlam an ,1 C.. d ishead-6 19, (1 .1:1 1 7, 4 54, 6 54, 855, 1120, p.m, a.m. 1 20, 2.22,6 55, 8 50, 10 0 p.r.a. Latchford-7 55, 8 40, 9 22, 10 2, 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45, 2 13. 30, 3 38, 4 26, b 5 39. 67, 6 49, 7 39, 9 52, cll 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. c Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-5 10, 6 30. 7 30, 7 40, s 20, 8 30, 8 40, 9 20, 9 30, 9 33, 10 30, 11 5, 11 30, 11 33 11 50, a.m. 12 30, 12 50, 10, 1 30, 1 45, 2 30, 2 40, 2 43,4 0,4 30, 4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 536, 630, 635, 7 30, 7 35i 8 30, 8 36, 8 40, 9 30, blO 50, 11 0, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 90, 10 55, 11 15 a.m.2 30, 3 20,4 0, 430, 6 15,6 30, 8 30, 9 35, p,m. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-a2 35, 6 0,6 10,8 10, 8 X), 95, 9 30, 9 55, 11 0 a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 2 45, 30, 3 35, 4 20, 4 50, 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 25, 8 30, 90, blO 5, 10 45, bll 15 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 35,920 a.m .2 10, 6 30,7 15,10 45 p.m. Lymm-7 48,8 32,9 14, 9 54,11 3 a.m. 1 11. al 37, 25, 2 50, 3 30, 4 18, b 5 31, 5 59, 6 41, 7 31; 9 43, 11 33 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Sundays 815 a.m. 2 25, 715 p.m. Manchester (Central)-5 55, (i 30, 7 30, 8 30,a9 5, 9430, 9 33, 10 5, 10 30, 10 35, 11 $n ..m. 12 30, 12 50, 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 3 45, 4 30, 4 35, 5 30, 60, 6 30, 6 35, 7 10, 7 30, 8 30, 8 35, 9 20, 10 20, alo 50, 11 0 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 30, 9 5, 9 30, 10 30 a.m. 1 40, 20.2 5, 5 40, 6 35, 8 30, 940 p.m.

'9

;-3:::tiiayb :321, 11 0,

„ Manchester (London Road.)-75,7 50,9 25, 10 30, a.m. 1230,b15,20,2553 40, a5O, 5 20, 65, 6 55, 95, 11 0, p.m. Sundays 7 30. a.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. b Saturdays only. Moore-6 56, 96,11 9 a.m. 12 32, a 3 1, 48, 4 55, 733 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 4 58p.m, a Wednes- days and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 20, 8 42, 97, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 11 8 a.m. 12 35, al 5, al2B, 144, 37, 4 48, 55, 5 38, 549,627,730,85, 931, 103, 114, all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3 40, 7 20, 11 7 p.m. a Saturdays only. Padgate-G 30, 6 58, 7 55, 8 29,9 0, 10 3 a.m. 1 20, 2 0, 55, 6 18, 7 5, 9 6, 10 25, 11 32 p.m. Sundays 8 52, 11 14 a.m. 2 33,9 12, 10 14, 10 20 p.m. Runcorn-5 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 21, 14, 3 7,4 40, 5 41, 6 30, 8 10, 10 10 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 7 50, 827 9 30,10 16, 10 55 a.m.12 36 32, 1 40, 2 35, 3 43, 4 35:5 26,5 36, 6 23, 7 25, 8 28, 9 32,11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m. 48, 8 54, p.m. Southport-8 0, 95, 10 15, 10 40, 12 25, 1 39, 2 45, 4 5, 4 10, 5 25.7 15,8 5,a9 5.10 o.Sundays 9 0,20, 750, a Saturdays only. Thelwall-7 51, 8 36, 8 18, 9 58, 11 7 a.M. 115 al 41, 29, 2 55, 3 34, 4 22 b 5, 35, 6'3, 645, 7 35,9 47, 11 28 p.m. Sundays, 8 19 a.m. 2 59, 719 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-a2 ;39, b 3 10, 6 33, 8 15, 9 17, 9 54, 100, 11 38 a.m. 125, 1 26, 2 30, 327, 4 20,4 56, 520 6 55, 75, 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 39, 930 a.m. 3 25, 6 55, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN LEAGUE. Fixtures and Scores for Season 1906-7.

WARRINGTON.

For Agst. Sep. 1. Leigh 8. Hull home 33 7 15. St. Helens away 19 10 22. Widnes 29. Broughton R. Oct. 6. Salford 13. Leigh Cup Tie 20. Huddersfield home 50 3 27. Barrow Cup Tie 31. Salford Nov. 3. Wigan home 12 5 10. Rochdale 17. Oldham Cup Tie 24. Hunglet 26. Swinton home 29 0 Dec. 1. Broughton R.CupTie at Wigan 6 15 8. Wigan - away 2 20 10. Liverpool City away 40 7 15. Elunslet home 16 10 22. Leeds Xmas 25. Leigh home 15 8 29. Bradford away 15 11 Jan. 1. Runcorn home 14 9 „ 5. St. Helens home 20 3 „ 12. Hull " away 6 5 „ 19. Bradford home 11 5 .... _ _ __

„ 4. Oldham „ 16: Oldham „ 18. .Liverpool City Feb. 21. Widnes „ 23. Mar. 2. Broughton Rangers home 12 5 • JP 9.. Swinton 11. Halifax „ 16. Batley Cup Tie home 34 9 „ 23. Hull Cup tie „ 25. Raucoyu• away 3 10 G. Fri. 29. Halifax

Mar. 30. Huddersfield Cup tie away 15 9 Apr. 1. Leeds 2 Huddersfield. away 3 11

„ 13. Swinton Cup tie at Wigan 21 0 „ 20. Rochdale home -

===== 0002601_19070420_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN.

1906. For Agst. Sept. 1 Oldham „ 8 Widnes away 3 11 t f 15 Widnes „ 22 Leigh „ 29 Swinton home 20 2 Oct. p St. Helens away 22 S , 13 Widnes Cup Tie away 14 5 „ 27 Salford Cup Tie Nov. 3 Salford „ 10 Wigan away 18 13 „ 17 Brouenton RCupTie away 0 5 21 Liverpool City home 50 0 _ _

„ „ 21 BarrOW . home 43 7 Dec. 5 Broughton Rangers away 3 16 8 Liverpool City away 32 0 7, 15 Swinton t, 22 Hull home 30 2 `.'6 Oldham ?? - Jan. 1 Warrington away 9 14 Jan. 9 Halifax

„ 12 Dewsbury home 18 9 „ 19 Barrow away 16 13 Feb. 2 Hull away 11 16 ' 9 Leigh /9 16 York away 17 2

„ 23 St. Helens home 14 8 Mar. 2 Halifax fl, 11 York „ 16. Oldham Cup tie - 5 „ 25 Warrington „ 2:9 Salford . away 0 - 5 „ 30 Wigan home 14 • 8 April 1 Broughton Raugers home 16 5 „ 6. Oldham

===== 0002601_19070420_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES.

For Agst.

Sept. 8 Runcorn home 11 -3 99 15 Runcorn „ 22 .Warrington away 2 31 „ 29 St. Helens home 11 5 Oct. 6 Rochdale,Hornets away 0 17 , 13 Runcorn Cup Tie home 5 14 ~ 20 Liverpool City - home 37 • 4 ~ 27 Wigan home" 9 27 Nov. 3 St. Helens 17 Dewsbury f, , 24 Rochdale Hornets home 12 0 15e'c. 1 Leigh 02 Barrow „ 12 Wigan .. 19 Dewsbury •.. home 8 6 16 Leigh Feb. 21 Warrington „ 23 IlaT row Mar. 2 ROI away 0 37 „ 16. Broughton li.Cup tie away 0 3t.1 „ 23 Liverpool City., April 1 Hull

===== 0002601_19070420_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

1906. For Agst. Sept. 1 Swinton home 6 10 „ 8 RochdaleHornets home 27 6 „ 15 Warrington „ 22 Risrow away 3 31 „ 29 Widnes away 5 11 Oct. A Runcorn

, 13 Oldham Cup Tie home 14 17 „ 20 Pontefract „ 27 Leigh Nov. 3 Widnes home 10 7 „ 10 Salford away 13 91 17 Keighley away ~ 24 Keighley home 18 9 Dec. 1 Batley away 5 30 ~ 15 Rochdale Hornets away 8 14 2, 22 Broughton Rangers home 7 14 29 25 Liverpool City e Jan. 1. Batley home 20 0 ~ 5 Warrington away 3 20 „ 19 Leigh „ 26 Swinton Feb. 2 Broughton Rangers away 11 27 „ 16 Barrow home 26 3 „ 23 Runcorn Mar. 9 Wigan „ 16. Swinton Cup tie „ 29 Wigan home 2 24 „ 30 Liverpool City Apt. 1 Salford ......

===== 0002601_19070420_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
1006.

The Examiner, Saturday, April 20, 1907.

SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

SOLIDIFIED TAR.

A process has been introduced for solidify- ing gas-tar, so that the material can be made into blocks, which are much hattdier for transportation than the liquid material, in ,casks. The tar is subjected to a process of distillation, whereby about 4 per cent. of the total weight of the constituents passes off. This 4 per cent. is composed of light oils and crude naphtha, which. are Used for gas en- richment. It is claimed that the solidified material will be very useful for road-making.

--;;;=----'---sLES Fo (Trade Mark) 4-c7f- \ 1.--;-.;?: ifri.3 ' -;KY LI -,•,,‘, , 0i.„.,-;,..,,,4,,,.„N. :4,.-44\ .',;.,..% ,i,i, .''' (Tf; -,1 ':.:1''',,,,::tN"!•44,7'..N74.-*‘ ,;;A,',, !,,,-.-,.-,'" :',,'4, -,*-",',;:•=-10;1:7-V1,4:_,,,,..'1'.4.:,., •-, . 1 - .:.:e.‘ tr ,<,.;42-,..-'l4' i, ~...,.." •..- - , ..-", (iv _rdpi0.....%, , , ~,,; ,"410!,,,,.;' CURE:-NEADACHE, /ND IC ES TICN, CONSTIPATION, DEBILITY, FEMALE WEAK NESSES, PILES, , lit DIZZINESS. SALLOW COMPLEXIONS, ~1,11,.. c"...- A s TOMA CH TROUBLES . 4.,. • /,,,;..:;.i.,, . . 't, •' lir im..44, . . ~ 14 N4l If • EAmArlf . Y. ~, A '‘,,,',1171!kr.21;;P, AN, -.,-;, • : 'w • -1-.,-,. _ . s, _

===== 0002601_19070420_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WORLD'S BED ROCK

Granite is the bed rock of the world. It is the lowest rock in the earth's crust, and shews no sign of animal life. It is from two to ten times as thick as all the other layers of rocks combined. No evidences of life of either animal or vegetable are apparent in granite. * The presence of lime is due to animal life. Some experts assert that all the lime in the world has at some time been a part of living bodies, including human beings.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
A TRANSPARENT MIRROR

mirror which will give an image in the ordinary way, but will be transparent then observed by transmitted light, can be made of platinised glass, i.e., the glass is metalised with platinum. Such a mirror may be set in a frame with a panel behind it with an aper- ture closed by a shutter. If the shutter is closed one may look at oneself in the ordi- nary way; if the shutter is. open, anything placed there—a portrait or 'an image—will appear instead of one's own presentment.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SURVIVAL OF. THE UNFIT.

Whilst there is a certainty of man's power to remove all disease from his life, a diffi- culty which he has, already created for him- self will be thereby increased. That difficulty, writes Professor E. Ray Lankester in "The Kingdom of Man." is the increase of human populati2n beyond the capacity of the earth's surface lo provide food and the other necessi- ties of life. By rebelling against Nature's method, man has made himself the only ani- mal which constantly increases in, numbers. Whenever disease is controlled his increase will be still more rapid than at present. At the same time no attempt has yet been made by the more advanced Ammunities of civilised men to prevent the multiplication of the weakly or of those liable to congenital disease.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
I SCIENTIFIC SECRET.

An interesting paper was read at a meet- ing of the French Academy of Medicine as to a curious property discovered as latent in the amalgam of platinum. It is known that mer- cury in emulsion with water separates itself from the latter as soon as the tube in which they are contained ceases to be agitated. It is not thus with the amalgam of platinum. The mercury holding platinum in solution is r.ttracted when acted upon some seconds with water. It forms a metallic mass which re- sists the action of heat or void, betraying no change under 100 deg. of heat, and capable of being cut into slices for microscopic examination at 80deg. below zero. M. Mois- san discovered this property, but died before he could determine its explanation, which is still under question.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AGE OF ANIMALS.

Some of the compound earth worms that have been produced at the Marburg Zoologi- cal Institute by grafting together parts of different worms have lived from eight to ten years after the operation. It is fair, says Pro- fessor Korscholt, to infer that uncombined earth worms ,may reach the same age, a fact that was unsuspected and would have been deemed improbable. This discovery suggests a comparison with the ages of other inverte- brates for which, however, few reliable data are available. Among the generally short- lived articulate animals lobsters and fresh- water crabs are said to live twenty years, queen bees five -Years, and queen ants from ten to fifteen years. Most molluscs, too, appear to be short-lived, but the fresh-water mussel is said to live twelve or fourteen years (the pearl-bearing species more than fifty years, according to some writers), this sea snail, Natica. thirty years, and the Tridacna, or "yellow ,clam," 100 years. But the life of most invertebrates of all classes appears to be limited to one or a very few years. Hence it is the more surprising to find several well- authenticated

EXAMPLES OF LONGEVITY .;mong the lowly, plantlike sea anemones, of. which on species has been known to live in, aquariums sixty-seven years and others from ten to fifty years. It is impossible, in the • pre- sent state of science, to explain these remark- able exceptions to the law which governs nearly-related animals living under similar condition's. The sany_,, difficulty confronts us in the vertebrates. The great age of ele- phants (150 to 200 years) finds a plausible explanation in the.ir great size and the un- favourable conditions for Procreation, but there is no known explanation for the ages attained by some birds (the raven 100, the eagle 104, the vulture 118, the falcon 164, and the parrot a far greater number of years). The longevity of the giant tortoises, which are said to live 300 year 3- may. also be ex- plained by, their bulk and their small expendi- ture of energy', but it is difficult to see why such small vertebrates as pike and carp should live as long as elephants, or toads as long as horses (forty years).

===== 0002601_19070420_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINATION OF THE BLOOD.

The microscopical examination of the .blood has become in recent - years a, very common procedure in many cases •of disease. By it the physician. or surge & often obtains valu- able assistance in arriving at a knowledge of the nature of the _disease 'which he is called upon to treat.

rre wood is examined with a view chiefly to ascertain the number, absolute and rela- tive, of the red and white corpuscles, and the percentage of hemoglobin, or colouring-mat- ter, ,of the blood. The red blood-corpuscles are, vastly more numerous than the white, about 5,000,000, speaking generally, being found in one cubic millimetre of blood. Of course one could not count so many, but the approximate result is obtained by counting the number in a determined fraction of a cubic millimetre. • The same method is fol- lowed in counting the white corpuscles, of which there lire -from 500 to 10,000 in a cubic millimetre of blood. In aummia the number of

===== 0002601_19070420_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
RED CORPU3CLES

is markedly decreased, and they are paler in Colour, sliewing a diminution in the -amount Of hemoglobin. In the disease known as per- nicious an:cmia, the average size of the red corpuscles is greatly increased, and there is also a curious irregularity in size, some being twice the normal size while others are found not more than half as large as they should be in health. .

It is in the matter of the actual and propor- tionate number of , the white corpuscles that the most valuable information is furnished by blood examinations. It has been found that the white . cells are not all of the same kind. Six or sevea varieties are found in the blood in health and several others in certain diseases. These various kinds are distin- guished Iv their size,, by their peculiarities of coloration when treated with varioy dyes, n,nd by differences in their granular contents. 'When the white corpuscles are increased in number the condition is called

===== 0002601_19070420_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
LEUCOCYTOSIS,

leucocyte being the .name of the white blood- corpuscle. Leucocytosis occurs in health dur- ing digestion, after exercise or bathing. It is fo,.ind in inflammatory conditions, in certain intectious diseases, in cases of poisoning, in cancer, and in some forms of anremia. The relative proportion of • the different sorts of leucocytes also varies in these affec- tions, and it is by a study of these that the physician is often . enabled to . decide as to which of two or three possible diseases he has to do with in the case before him. . This science of blood examination promises to be of great value to the physician as ex- perience and knowledge increase.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
UL AttKß'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to ewe, !neither I sex, all acquired for constitutional eisrbarges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. large from Mercury. Established Inwards of .10 years. In boats 4s. ed. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throngh• on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln,— Advt. To NioTHEße.—Mrs. VC nteLow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their cbildran while teething!, co itb perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immegiately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produoes natuarl quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button" Of all Chemists is. lad. per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
CLEARANCE SALE

Being held with the SOLE object of reducing our enormous Stock of FURNISHINGS and FLOOR COVERINGS of all kinds. This is a genuine Sale of BONA-FIDE BARGAINS at from 20 to 50 per cent. UNDER usual prices. Clearance, NOT profit simply, is desired, so NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED. Goods not required immediately, on payment of trifling deposit, will be STORED FREE any reasonable time, and delivered FREE when needed.

SAMUEL PITTS,

London Road,

Manchester.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
1-1

Sold everywhere in boxes, price lin (56 pills) & 219 (168 pills).

0

I====l

Of FURNITURE, etc.

:,,c2=A,:111A0d.)745a

===== 0002601_19070420_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
%

,F=MMIONIINDEII.I(i

Post I / free I I

Direct only from—

KEATING'S 1-KILLS POW ft

===== 0002601_19070420_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
71MIMIIMMIIIMMMEIMK,

I

===== 0002601_19070420_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
HOOPING-1011011 --- CROUP --I

The Celebrated Effectual Cure without Internal Medicine

• ROCHE'S Herbal Embrocation

Will also be found very efficacious in cases of BRONCHITIS, LUMBAGO and RHEUMATISM

Price lb. per Bottle. of all ehemists.

W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria St.,London, Eng.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
MATRIMONY.

A- - LL those desiring a Matrimonial Alliance are requested to communicate, giving personal details and stating_ precise requirements, with EVELYN LORRAINE, 1.61, STRAND, LONDON, W.C.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0150.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
H

onamal

===== 0002601_19070420_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
,AL:-- - OHEE.AyIve-.:',:'%:,-, -4, -,P; . '''.- INFLUENCES 7::-::':.'"'‘•:,.-•,-: - - s,'-- -= • - :,.:-- •,\ .- , ..- ..,,,,, q:4= „ ' ' , ". ‘-. ', ,„ - , ~..- ' .. - ~, -. ..: _ ~. ,4--, ''' ''F' • ' .—.. ...k., G ~_ ~.,... .:, :, . pi t.:* -,.!:. ' '', a , n64.E. Pli .. .IL 1 4,I,"P'S ,:,:),;--: `:*:;?"Aj,- ,•"' ''' ,'• ' ,''' -....'.j.:?...,'?,'"... .4-I';';'',:-:: ''''','--",-.1,-:,;(00. -011,-_, •;-,::.:4,-,t ',,.. :,--,,e,,,...- k6r.,--' , . ,-,--:,;-:.,,,. ~.,,,,,,, ,-,-,.:4-:, ii-,--„„i; „, r; `;.ifet: -' •:,.., .'',.;-., ::. ' , . !!3,7..„, ; ':, < s—',' < - ',.:,:,...."--i:.:, "1": :•:::'" , ,71. e ' .... • ' '',:--:,•-,-._:1,` , , I.(iivlKult . vt. ..,,, 'e''' ' :', ' ' Ps''' • ‘,;;,.?"4,,,•t, , /iV:;•'•••••,:,: : ~.. • .•, . .

===== 0002601_19070420_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
'FOR THE BLOOD 18 THE LIFE."

===== 0002601_19070420_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
OARK6BLOODMIXTRI

This is one of our GUINEA COSTUMES Very Stylish and thoroughly well Tailored. Coat has fitting back and plaited basque, to wear °pea or closed; body and sleeves lined good stripe; skirt has seven gores, seams lapped and stitched, " and stitched round bottom. The entire garment is carefully turned out, and equal to any at twice the cost. Produced in the famous Kashmera • habit cloth, guaranteed not to spot. Colours: Light and dark navy, petunia, wine, myrtle, brown, and black. Bust measures 34, 36, 38. Skirt length, 38, 40, 42. Sent carriage paid on receipt of 21/,

A. JOHNS & CO., Ladies' Tailors, Patterns of Cloths post ow Forget Hill. London.

Irene.'

A WONDERFUL DISCOVERY. This is the age of research and experiment,when all nature so to speak, is ransacked by the scientific for the comfort and happiness of man. Science has indeed made giant strides during the past century, and among the—by no means least important—discoveries in medicine comes that of THERAPION.

This preparation is unquestionably one of the most reliable Patent Medicines ever introduced, and has boas used in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostaa. Jobert, Velpeau, Maisonneuve, the well-known Ch..saignac, and indeed by all who are regarded as author- ities in such matters, including the celebrated Lalle- mend, and Roux, by whom it was some time since uniformly adopted, and t'hat it is worthy the attention of those who require such a remedy we think there is no doubt. From the time of Aristotle downwards, a potent agent in the removal of these diseases has (like the famed philosopher's stone) been the object of search of some hopeful, generous minds; and far beyond the mere power—if such could ever have been dlscovered—of transmuting the baser metals into gold is surely the, discovery of a remedy so potent as to replenish the fail- ing energies in the one case, and in the other so effectu- ally, speedily, and safely to expel from the system the poisons of acquired or inherited diseases in all their pro- tean forms as to leave no taint or trace behind. Such is

-"4 .;A,. - The 6

===== 0002601_19070420_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY,

THERAPION, • which may certainly rank with, if not take precedence of, many of the discoveries of our day, about which no little ostentation and noise have been made, and thalextensive and ever-increasing demand that has been created for this medicine appears to prove that it is destined to cast into oblivion all those questionable remedies that were formerly the sole reliance of medical men. For particulars of Therapien send stamped, addressed envelope to The La Clem Medicine Co., Haverstook-rd, Ilampstead, Longs.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
RING UP

4), r.--10, LEPHONE No. 0:1D . TE

PRINTING.

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

PRINTERS.

BOOKBINDERS.

LITHOGR PEERS.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pittern on blue, white, or fancy paper.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
CIRCLARS in the neatest style, from modern type, and of the best workmanship.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRAMMES for Entertainments, leoncerts ac.. In the latest artistic style.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER & Co.

CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SHEETS' NOTICES OF MEETINGS POSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES POST CARDS ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed - from plats or type.

ACCOUNT BOOKS, TICKET BOOKS, FOOTBALL FIXTURES, CRICKET FIXTURES.

EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTING

EXECUTED AT SNORT NOTICES.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

===== 0002601_19070420_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS.

Attention is invited to our MIR FOUNTS OP TYPH

and WOOD LETTER for Large Potters. FOR ALL KINDS OF BEAT FOSTERS EXTRA LARGE SIZE, 40 x 60 One Sheet. WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS

IN THE DISTRICT.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING

===== 0002601_19070420_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER ReLING.

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

JOHN WALKER AND eo 'EXAMINER" OFFICE. BEWSZY STREET, WARRINGTON,

===== 0002601_19070420_art0162.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'‘F

===== 0002601_19070420_art0163.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
z•-. .4s' .1' t

===== 0002601_19070420_art0164.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
' 'Vkik"7'•

===== 0002601_19070420_art0165.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070420_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in al 1 cases send their names and addresses to the Editor aa a guarantee of good faith.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
" Neutral in all Matters, Political and Religious."

Sir,—The above title has been the proud boast of your contemporary for a generation or two. To many thinking men it has seemed to/ have been an impossible position for anyone to have taken up, especially in the role of a newspaper—but still one must accept the state- ment—and let me say it, to the credit of your con- temporary, that at times it played this difficult role pretty well—though some of us did think occasionally it was very watery and tinged with the hue of an old fashioned Conservatism. But alas ! can we expect,Mr. Editor, your proud contemporary any longer to be "neutral in all matters,political and religious ?" Is it not putting too much of a strain on human nature, to ask us to believe that the role can be played any longer? We notice, with regret some of us, the change in the names of the directors,and especially when we notice the part these gentlemen play in the political and religious circles of the town. As you cogently pointed out in your lively and satirical article the other day on this subject, there is no disguise on the part of these gentlemen as to their Opinions on the political and religiousquestions of tho day. Nay more—they are the leaders, the officials and the directors of the policy of the Conservative Associa- tion of the town and therefore, how in the name of commonsense can they expect the public of Warrington to believe that they have bought up the " Guardian " to run it, so as to be "Neutral in all matters political and religious." If so, they are asking the public of Warrington to swallow that which they are unable to digest. Pardon me, if I should smile at this stage of the proceedings—a great smile.—Yours in sorrow add grief,

"OBSERVER."

===== 0002601_19070420_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
WINWICK FREE CHURCH. Anniversary Celebrations. WHAT CONSTITUTES A CHURCH ?

The Winwick Free Church, opened at the instance of 1 the Warrington Free Church Council, has completed the second year of its existence and anniversary services were held on Sunday. There were good congregations and the discourses of the Rev. J. F. Matthews, who occupied the pulpit morning and evening, were listened to with considerable interest. The evening service was made unusually attractive by the rendering of a solo "A dream of Paradise." by Miss Boardman • Mr. Jones also contri- buted the solo, "Lead kindly light " accompanied by Mr. Morris, on the organ. The choir sang the anthem, "Jerusalem my Glorious Home." At the close of the evening service, Mr. Matthews administered the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper to a large number of communicants, On Thursday evening the annual meeting was held, Mr. C. E. Parker presiding over a small attendance. Prior to the meeting a public tea was held. The Chairman said that perhaps they at Winwick were apt to think they were somewhat of a feeble folk but he wanted them to recognize that they were a section of a great Christian Church that Christ came' to found on this earth. The fact that Christ was the founder gave the Church its abiding character. They thought of many movements in history which had occupied a large part in the thought and life of the nation—such as the different revolutions, the Wars of the Roses, the 'Corn Law and Chartist agitations—and which, having served their purpose had passed away. But the Church of Christ was founded upon His finished work and would abide for ever, until He presented His Church, His Bride, to God the Father. If they studied history they would recognize the fact that only when the , Church Was active and pure was the life of the nation progressive and active. At the Reformation in the sixteenth century England shook off the galling gower of Roman Catilolicism and men recognized the freedom of their souls and the right that every man, without the intervention of a priest, should be able to approach the Father in Heaven. With that Reformation, not only did there come the invigorating power to the Church but it reflected itself in the life of the nation, and so they had after the Reformation a marvellous advance in all that made for the greatness of the country. England progressed in art, science, philosophy and literature, and always after a revival of the Church they saw national progress. When they passed on to the birth of the Puritan movement they reached the period which was the birthplace of the Free Churches. It was at that time that the Baptists and Independents sprang into being and the great thing that characterised the movement was that everyone should be at liberty to worship God as his conscience dictated, without any authority from the State or the King. Although the Puritan movement did very much to liberate conscience it did not altogether win the country to their idea of thinking and they found during the 17th century that the nation slipped back again and the power of the pulpit became very feeble. The upper classes scoffed I at religion and the lower classes wallowed in sin. I But the time came when there was another revival and men like John and Charles! Wesley, George Whitfield, and Fletcher took part in the great Methodist movement. When the Church of Christ was exerting its rightful influence on the life of the nation, then it was that the nation advanced. They of the Free Churches of to-day claimed to be the inheritors of the privileges, the liberties and the free- dom for which the Free Churchmen of old fought. Let them be sure that they maintained that liberty of con- , science, those rights, and freedom which their fathers won. He trusted so far as the Winwick Free Church was concerned, the spirit of Christ might permeate , every member—the spirit of love, truth, faith and hope ; —and if those things abounded, they would be able to form a strong Church that would be a centre from which would radiate all good influences to the village. Mr. Parker proceeded to refer to the Congo atrocities and concluded by ; moving the following ' resolutions :—" That this meeting of Winwick Free Churchmen greatly deplores the horrible atrocities perpetrated on the Congo under the Sovereign rule of Leopold 11., King of the Belgians. It implores his Majesty's Government to take such measures as shall (I) remove the control of that region from the single rule of King Leopold; (2) secure the observance of the spirit of the Berlin Convention; (3) obtain for the native races the right to live and work freely." Mr. Clay seconded, and the resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. E. J. Guest said that hall was a monument to al movement which had been in existence for some years, I which had done a great amount of good, and which I was destined to do still more in the future. He noticed I their motto was "All one in Christ." They trusted the time was coming when they would all be one in Christ. A simple definition of a church was: "Where two or three are gathered together in My name, there am I iiil the midst of them." They believed that where there I were a number of believers together, sincere true believers in the Lord Jesus Christ, they might realise i that He, the Head of the Church, was with them and that they constituted a Church. Theyhoped some time that there would be a broader unity than there was at present, The Free Churches were drawing nearer and ' nearer, but they were sorry that there was a barrier between the Free Churches and the Established Church. They wished that barrier was broken down and they were Berry that Anglicans could not at present realize that Nonconformists were a Church. Anglicans believed that the very essence of the Church was shat there should be Bishops, priests and deacons. He thought that had never been proved to be an essential of the Church. Christ never formulated a Church on those lines, indeed he (the speaker) did not think their Saviour even formulated a visible Church here upon earth. The glory of the old dispensation, whioh was an external glory, had passed away, and the glory of the new dis- pensation was the glory of character; the law written upon the heart, a union and fellowship with God, a coming into the presence of the Father through Christ. The mode in which they worshipped, the ritual and ceremony, were matters of detail. If they worshipped sincerely and in truth it mattered not what their ministers were designated or what the style of their Church might be—it might be Gothic or barn-like, a Cathedral or the plainest place on earth—but if the Spirit of the Lord was there they had liberty to worship the Father in spirit and in truth. They had no antag- onism to the Anglican or Roman Catholic Churches. They believed they were doing a great work. But they wished they would realize that Free Churchmen had a share in that great work, that they were workers together with them, and co-workers with God in the evangelisation of the world. (Applause). Mr. R. Ormiston presented a report on the year's work which, he said, had been very successful. On the whole they had had splendid preachers. At the last anniversary they raised ZIO, and in addition they had received during the year £24 15s. &I. from collections and subscriptions. The expenditure totalled £l2 19s 6d. They trusted the present membership. would be the nucleus of a strong Church. They had not the slightest grudge against the Anglican Church in the village, and he did not think the Anglican Church had much grudge against them. He hoped they would rally round the members in a special effort to reduce the debt on the building of £lOO. The Chairman pointed out that the Free Church Council seriously recognized its respon.sibility with ' regard to the finances of the Church. The Rev. J. F. Matthews said he hoped the members of the church would look upon Mr. Parker, their new I president, as their honorary pastor. They could not have a better president for he was always willing to do his utmost to further the work of the Christian Church. During the past two years he (Mr. Matthews) had ; supplied 117 preachers to the pulpit and now that the ' people of Winwick had to undertake that duty them- selves he trusted they would have the help of some of the best preachers that the Free Churches of Warrin - I ton could supply. He hoped they Would soon seriousfr I consider the advisability of forming a Sunday Sono° I (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19070420_art0169.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.•

===== 0002601_19070420_art0170.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
rgii Mt•i

_ -

===== 0002601_19070420_art0171.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
" •

===== 0002601_19070420_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL.

MR. A H. CROSFIELD, M.P., AND THE BAKERS' EIGHT HOURS BILL.

"Empire Day" and Jingoism.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Trades and Labour Council was held in Bold-street Wesleyan school on Tuesday evening, under the presidency of Mr. T. Plumb. There was a fair attendance. THE LATE EX-COUNCILLOR WRIGHT.

The CFIAIRMAN made a sympathetic allusion to the late ex-Councillor Wright who, he said, had served Labour and the town exceedingly well. He was straightforward and honest and all deeply regretted his death at such an early age. The chairman concluded by moving a vote of condolence with the widow and family. Mr. RANDLES seconded and referred to the excellent reports presented by Mr. Wright on the work of the Town Council.

Mr. GREALEY and Councillor STOTT supported the motion which was passed in silence. WITHDRAWAL OF A SOCIETY.

A letter was read from the Secretary of the Warring- ton Branch of the Friendly society of Ironfounders of England, Ireland and Wales, intimating that the mem- bers had decided to withdraw from the Council. As there was no rule requiring notice from societies with- drawing he took it that their membership ceased immediately. Councillor STOTT thought they ought not to let the ironfounders leave • the Council without making an effort to retain them. _

It was decided to ask the branch to receive a deputa- tion consisting of the chairman, the secretary (Mr. Plinston) and Councillor Stott to induce them to reconsider their decision. SCHOLARSHIPS FOR THE WORKING CLASSES. A circular was received drawing attention to the cobden Club's proposal to interest the industrial classes in economic questions. The Club offer to members of trade unions, co-operative societies and similar industrial organizations in Manchester and district who belonged to the wage-earning class, a scholarship and four prizes to be awarded to the candi- dates who shall acquit themselves best in a written examination, one paper being on general economics and the other on Free Trade.

Councillor STOTT expressed the hope that young men connected with trade unions would take up the scheme as it would be to their own advantage and to the benefit of others to whom they could impart imformation.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION PROSPECTS.

Mr. J. Rctmsay Macdonald wrote on behalf of the Labour Party urging the importance of registration work being speedily undertaken by labour organizations. It was, he said, evident that if the House of Lords was to take up a strong attitude of antagonism to the Government this year, an appeal to the country in 1908 would be a reasonable possibility. Greater efforts should be made to retreive the position of Labour on local bodkes. Mr. RA&DLES said the Conservatives and Liberals were doing their utmost to organize their forces against Labour and it behoved the Labour party to take the field at once. He believed there were even delegates to that Council who needed educating politically, as they would probably vote against Labour and in favour of Liberals and Con- servatives.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CROSFIELD M.P., AND BAKERS' HOURS. The SECRETARY read the following letter, dated from Hotel Belle Vue, Cannes, April 6th :—Mr. A. H. Crosfield is obliged to you for your favour of the 2nd, bringing before his notice the draft Bill to restrict the hours of labour in bakehouses. While in sympathy with the principle of the Bill as drafted, Mr. Crosfleld does not at this stage feel himself justified iu giving a definite promise of support before hearing the argu- ments which may be advanced for or against the measure when it is brought up for discussion in the House. The resolution included in your letter is duly noted by Mr. Crosfleld. You will doubtless have seen in the papers that Mr. Burns is dealing energetically with this question. Mr. GREALEY said the Bill would come before the House this week. Mr. Crosfield's reply was not very definite.

The CA.AIRMAN : It is not definite that he will support it, but it seems to me to be definite the other way—that he won't. Councillor STOTT said that as to the reference to the unemployed question contained in the latter part of Mr. Crosfleld's letter, be thought Mr. Burns had been dealing with some Labour men more energetically than he bad been dealing with the unemployed question. It was the Labour party who had been dealing with the matter, and he thought it would not have been men- tioned but for the discussion created by the Labour representatives. All that had been said by the Presi- dent of the Local Government Board had been in reply to the criticisms of membors of the Labour party in the House.

Mr. OWENS thought that Mr. Crosfield's reply on the unemployed question was most inadequate. Mr. Burns was paying back part of the money left from the grant of £200,000 into the treasury and refusing to grant it to West Ham and other places which were badly affected. The matter then dropped. THE FUTURE OF LABOUR. With regard to the proposed unification of the local Labour forces the Council recently put a question to the affiliated branches as to whether they were in favour of the rules of the Council being so altered as to enable it to take political action. The Secretary said replies in the affirmative had been received from the Wheel- wrights and Smiths, Postmen, Tramway Workers, Car- penters and Joiners, Glass Makers, Cabinet Makers, Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants, Wire- drawers, Hairdressers, Insurance Agents, Bakers, Braziers, and Metal Works. Only about half the affiliated societies had replied. It was decided that the delegates should bring the matter before their branches with the object of obtain- ing a definite reply before the next Council meeting. THE WORK OF THE EDUCATION COMMITTEE

QUESTION OF SCHOOL FEES Mr. E. PLINSTON then presented an interesting report on the proceedings of the Education Committee during the past twelve months. He said a great amount of quiet work had been done to keep in touch with educa- tional affairs. During the year he had attended 29 meet- , ings out of a possible 29 and 11 rota meetings, the latter being the highest attendances put in by any member of the authority. One important question which had been I brought up was the remuneration of bricksetters' ! labourers engaged in the erection of the Beamont school. ;The matter would probably be raised again in connec- tion with the Bolton school, and he should fight for the I just rights of that class of workers. With regard to the ' refusal of the Board of Education to allow school fees Ito be charged at the Beamont school, the question of , freeing the whole of the schools was fought out, but. ! Mr. Jolley's motion in favour of that policy was I defeated. Therefore at the present time fees were being I charged in some schools whilst others were free. He ! believed the authority would be wise in deciding to abolish school foes and he would support that course whenever the matter came up again. There was a great I deal of discussion at the instance of the National Union I of Teachers, with reference to the appointment of head- master of the Beamont schoel. While not entirely in 1 agreement with creating appointments for local men ' only, he was in favour of a preference being given to Warrington teacher's. lie believed there were teachers in Warrington who applied for the post and who were quite as qualified for it as the successful candidate. All conditions being equal with regard to ability, he would always support the giving of preference to local men. The percentage of attendances at the schools of \Var. rington was at present lower than it had been for years owing to the great amount of sickness that was rampant. The examination conducted by the late Dr. Gornall showed a great many children to be suffering from defects in eyesight and hearing and from mental and physical ailments. He believed the environment of many children was responsible for their physical condition. He was not suggesting that all responsibilty should be taken away from the parents but when they found that in numerous cases, through no fault of the parents, children were suffering and therefore unable to attend schdol properly, it was the duty of the State to take action. In Warrington the total number of children reported by the teachers as being defective was 1390 and of these only 65 were ; found by the doctor to have no defects. Where parental ; neglect was the cause, the parents ought to be dealt 4 with—.(hear, hear)—but in many cases the authority should do something to place the children in better conditions. The recently-opened Beamont school was one of the finest for many miles around Warrington and he believed the Bolton school would be quite equal to ! it. As to the financial side of the committee's work, they had been told many times that Warrington did not get value for the money expended and that the com- mittee was extravagant. Official returns, however, ! showed that Warrington whilst being one of the ! lowest in regard to expenditnre was one of the ; highest towns in point of results. Mr. Plinston ; went into the question at some length and 1 continuing said the progress made during the I past four years had been eminently satisfactory. Many things, however, reqeired attention. He thought it was unfair to the working classes that the fees at the , Secondary school should be payable quarterly or per term instead of weekly. When the two Contemplated new schools were provided, Warrington would be well equipped educationally as compared with other towns, I and vast as the expenditure might appear, be thought ! they would benefit proportionately. While they desired as many children as possible to attend school beyond the age of thirteen, they thought that where the children were required to work to augment the miser- able wages of the parents, exemptions should be granted. Some discussion followed. Mr. RA.NDLW asked Mr. Plinston to urge forward the

===== 0002601_19070420_art0175.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
?.!

===== 0002601_19070420_art0176.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19070420_art0177.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
dlibMW

===== 0002601_19070420_art0178.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, April 20, 1907.

question of providing free meals for school children. He hoped the time would come when the Council schools would feed all the children.

Mr. GREENOUGH and Mr. OvvENs alleged that work had been done at the Beamont school by firms not pay- ing the standard rate of wages.

EMPIRE DAY.

Mr. OWENS asked whether the Education Committee had considered the celebration of Empire Day and the teaching of rifle shooting in the schools. Mr. PLENSTON said the question of celebrating Empire Day was raised and he thought the sub-com- mittee appointed to consider it were very wise in passing the matter over in a quiet manner. He believed the celebrations would be more fitting on the Ist of April. (Laughter.) Mr. OWENS said he disagreed with Mr. Plinston. , Mr. PLINSTON : It is only another method of teach- dug a Jingo policy and instilling into the minds of the :children the false policy of looking upon this vast Empire as something of which we can be absolutely proud. To my mind we cannot be proud of the Empire. We may boast of its greatness and magnitude but if we consider many of the things going on day by day we have to condemn them. lam not in agreement with Empire Day being, as it were, a day when teachers should instil into the minds of the children to look upon the magnitude of the Empire and to thank God that they live absolutely in England. If they would go intp the question and teach them the difficulties, and point out the troubles and assist in alleviating them, a celebration of a day of that kind would be very beneficial. With regard to rifle shooting, Mr. Plinston said he had not heard of the question being raised. With regard to fair wages, he had watched the matter as keenly as possible and the stereotyped reply that firms were pay- paying fair wages was always given. The fair wage clause in Warrington was a total failure. Councillor STOTT, in moving a vote of thanks to Mr Plinston, expressed regret that influence had been at work to prevent parents sending their children to the Beamont school. A statement was set abroad that only the scum of the town would attend it. With regard to the appointment of headmaster, he agreed with the action of the managers in appointing the candidate they considered to be best qualified, as there was no stipula- tion in the advertisement in favour of local men. The Trades Council had always supported reforms advoca- ted by the N.U.T., but he did not think the teachers treated the Trades Council fairly. If they appreciated what the Council did they would make haste to join hands with their fellow workingmen and become afalia- ted to the Council.

Mr. NTOORFIELD seconded and the vote was heartily accorded.

FAIR WAGES QUESTION.

Discussion took place with regard to the recent letting of a contract to the St. Helens Cable Company by the Electricity and Tramways Committee. On the proposition of Councillor Srorr, who again went fully into the question, a resolution was passed strongly protesting against the action of the Committee in giving out the work to the Company without havin,, proof given to them that the firm was adhering to the Standing Orders.

Mr. RITHBONE pointed out that the Wholesale Society was depreciating to such an extent that the whole of their indebtedness would be wiped off in 13 years. In Warrington it would take 20 years to achieve that object. Did they think it wise to spend their money instead of acting like the Wholesale and other Co-operative Societies ? If they did that where was their "cake ?" (Mr. Bouchier :We have it.) They had no more than other Societies and if they acted differ- ently from the other Societies they would not not be showing that progress which they ought to show. They could not always depend upon the same scource of profit and if they could not what would happen in the future if there was a run on the Society? One 31sainER, ventured to suggest that recent actions were an insult to Ar. Ra,thbone, but was unable to pro- ceed farther on account of the opposition with which the remark was greeted.

Mr. F.Nlo'sKs said bethought the report showed very clearly the value of the careful management of Mr. liathbone in the past. With reference to the disposi- tion of their surplus profits, he thought they should follow the practice of the banks which accumulated a reserve until it equalled their capital. Unless the Society had assets which would enable them to continu) the business after paying off their debts they would have to go into liquidation, and that was a contingency they, had to guard against. (Hear, hear.) A MEMBEa at the back of the room seriously coin- plained that in considering the whole of the assets of the Society, the Special Committee had exceeded its duty. They only had to consider the property of the Society. A desultory discussion ensued as to what constituted "property," the majority advancing the opinion that property included the whole of the assets of the Society. Nir. DONNELLON said he thought the embarrassments which were placed in the way of the Depreciation Com- mittee justified them in asking for more time in which to complete their work. " fake this quarter," con- tinued the speaker, "over £5OO of our earnings Is going to a reserve. That gives about £2,000 a year. To put such a large amount away is preposterous. Deprecia- tion is all right but it is not necessary to depreciate to that extent."

Mr. BOUCITEER said that when the books of the Society. were placed before the Committee they could not make head nor tail of the entries. He defied the auditor of the Society to take a single item in the ledger and say what it represented. They need not trouble themselves in the slightest bit about what the Wholesale Society was doing. They must look at their own Society and consider the position they were in. They owed in total 5:75,000 and when the Committee had finished their work it would be proved to them that against that they had assets which would retlize at least £ [30,000. With that enor- mous difference in their favour it was not necessary for the Society to continue to depreciate as they had done in their infancy. With half the total population of Warrington connected with the Society, and doing an absolutely cash trade, th‘y could not help but progress. The depreciation had gone as far as it had any need to go. Did they wish that their property should be written down until buildings which represented a value of many thousands of pounds stood in their books at nothing? That appeared to him to be the system upon which they had been working. Turning to a member who had earlier stated that certain people who had only been members of the Society for two years wanted to " boss the roost," Mr. Bouchier said he had been a member of the Society over 25 years.

A V;iCe.-""Liar " and uproar. Mr. BOUCTUER : I repeat, gentlemen, I have been a member of this Society for over 25 years. The uproar continued and not until .11r. Bouchier had again asserted, with emphasis, that his membership etended over a quarter of a century was peace restorei. Mr. RATMIONE : Mr. Bouchier has put things in such a way that it reflects upon my character. (Cries of "No "and interruption), He said the books were in such a condition that he could not find out many things. (Continued interruption.) Pat the books in the com- mittee's hands and I guarantee to arrive at the exact depreciation in an hour's time. The moment you cease depreciating you go contrary to tiflb whole of the Societies in the movement.

ENGL UND (member. of the Depreciation Com- mittee) : %fr. Rathbone takes everything in the wrong light and looks upon everything as a personal reflection. (Flear. hear and cries of" No.") We hoped that he would be a consultative manager until the end of his days with a young and more active man to assist him in the duties. This Society could pay a dividend of at least 3s. 4d. in the 2 and there is no necessity for us to continue depreciating in the silly way we are doing at the present time.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0179.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON SWIMMING CLUB. Annual Dinner.

A very enjoyable function took place at Atkinson's Cafe, Bridge-street, on Thursday evening when the annual dinner in connection with the Warrington Swimming Club was held. In the earlier years of the Club this event recurred with great regularity but latterly it had been allowed to die out. A re-awakening of interest in the Club has however, resulted in the re-institution of the annual convivial gathering, and whilst Thursday's proceedings were largely in the nature of an experiment,so sucotssful were they that there is no doubt that that will be repeated in future years. There was a large attendance and an excellent repast was served by Messrs. Atkinson's,Ltd.,af ter which the evening was spent in speechmaking and song, the latter largely predominating. In happy speeches, Mr. E. DRAPER, who presided, submitted the usual loyal toasts, which were received with musical honours. Mr. C. H. Wool) was entrusted with the toast of the evening "The Warrington Swimming Club." As one of the oldest members of the Club he had, he said, seen it in various stages of its existence. It had passed through vicissitudes during his connection with it, but at no period of its existence had it been so vigorous as at the present time. (Hear, hear.) He considered that a healthy sign. (Hear, hear.) One thing which gave him gratification was to see that the sons of the men who took part in the Club's first galas were amongst the leading swimmers in the town. In the old days they had only a small bath bat they were very enthusiastic,and the best thing then was that the majority seemed bent upon teaching others the art and seemed never so happy as effhen introducing new corners to the baths. He thought that was what swimming clubs were really founded for and it was incumbent upon everyody, so far as they were able to help others and to get them to join the Club. They were a very vigorous organization and whilst they had not attained a very great age they were sound financially possessed an excellent set of officials and there was no reason why they should not go on prospering for a long time to come. (Applause.) They must never omit to realize the fact that they had very great concessions from the Town Hall Parks and Baths Committee—con- cessions which were not granted in many towns—and these had helped them very materially, and he thought that with all their advantages it would be a very great discredit if they did not made a first class Club. (Applause.) Replying to the toast Mr. G. N. VERNON (hon. sec.) said the club had in the past been most successful and he hoped they would continue to be so. The work of the polo team last year was not bad but he hoped that this year they would do even better. They had got some new blood and with a little practice he thought they could aspire to premier honours in the Liverpool and District League. (Hear, hear). The Club, he thought deserved a great deal of praise for making swimming popular. In particular the schoolboys had been greatly helped by the provision of the various trophies, and he hoped the members would do their utmost to render their organizations even more popular. (Applause). The health of the artistes was drunk on the proposi- tion of Mr. Harding, and the toast of " the Chairman" given by Mr. F. Garside, was most enthusiastically received.

During the evening songs were rendered by Mr. J. H. Draper, Mr. E. Morris and Mr. J. Emson, concertina solos by Mr. R. Bloomfield, violin solos by Mr. A. Hitchen, and humorous recitations by H. M. Ashton. Mr. A. Brayshaw acted as accompanist. All the artistes were in excellent form and encores were the order of the evening.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0180.txt | included=true | included =====
DON'T DELAY IF YOU FEEL "OU r OF soßrs

I Or if you have a friend whose constitution has been weakened, whether by overwork of brain or bo ly by exposure to the weather, by working long hours in ill-ventilated rooms, by recent sickness, or by any cause tending to weaken the bodily powers; in a word, if he is one who suffers from any form of complaint which j may be the result of any of the above or similar causes; if, for instance, you can see that he is troubled with Indigestion, the bane of our Country and of modern j civilization; or, if you think he has Low Spirits, that sure sign of some Nervous Disorder, bringing in its train a host of other complaints such as Melancholy, Lassitude &c., or, perhaps, Neuralgia, and frequently, Sleeplessness, which of itself is sufficient to weaken the strongest constitution, and to make life a burden; or, if being free from these, he is regarded by his friends or himself as being of a delicate constitution, subject to Bronchitis, Coughs, Colds, a tendency to Consumption, or other Chest Affections, and if he, like thousands of others, failed to get relief from Other remedies,tell him he need not be disheartened, that there is one Remedy ' whose virtues are so great,that it has succeeded where others have failed, and that there is hope he may be cured,as thousands of others have been cured beforehim by making a sensible and timely use of Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. If your friend I then gives it a fair trial, he will be fully convinced, as others have been, that this is the Best Remedy of The Age. You or your friend may ask "What is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters ?" It is a Preparation now extensively taken throughout the country by patients suffering from Debility, Nervousness, and General Exhaustion, and if any value be attached to human testimony, the efficacy of this medicine has been suc- cessfully established. Its claims have been tested and proved by the medical profession and others, and corro- borated by the written testimonials of eminent men. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters contain not only a suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose, but the active principles of the following well-known herbs— Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Lavenper, Burdock and Dandelion. The use of Quinine is well known, but it has never beeen satisfactorily combined with these preparations, until after overcoming considerable difficulties, the proprietor was able to secure a perfectly uniform preparation, combining all the essential properties of the above plants in their greatest purity and concentration. It is now estab- lished as a family medicine,and is increasing in popular favour the more it is known and tested. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a tonic " Pick-me-up " scientifically mixed in happy proportions. Sold everywhere in bottles, 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each. Should any difficulty be experienced in procuring Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, it will be forwarded carriage free for the above prices by the Sole Pro- prietors: The Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. We particularly caution our readers against imitators, and impress upon them the importance of always seeing that the name "Gwilym Evans" is on the Label, Stamp,and Bottle without which none is genuine,

A disastrous fire broke out in the premises of the Canada Laundry Company at Montreal on Thursday. Two women were killed and six seriously injured by leaping from the windows, all the exits from the build- ing having been cut off by the flames. A fine Dutch salmon was on view at a shop in Bond- street, London, on Thursday. It weighed 511b5., and measured in length 521 n., girth 28ia.

Mr. Seed opened the debate by moving: "That this meeting expresses its unabated confidence in the manager, desires to place on record its appreciation of the valuable services rendered by him during the 10 years he has been connected with the Society, recognizes in him and not the present Com- mittee the person who has placed the Society in its present sound financial position and trusts that he will continue in his present position to help to guide us for some time to come." Throughout the whole of England there was not a single Co-operative Society in a sounder financial position than the Warrington Society (" Question.") "Is it fair " continued Mr. Seed "that a man who has served the Society so well should find himself in this position? I don't think so." (Elear,

M. J. CoTTErtru. seconded. The manager had not been treated with the courtesy he was entitled to by some members of the committee who had been recently elected and, honestly speaking, he had been compelled to resign. Mr. OxTos moved that the meeting support the action of the committee. If they had not got confidence in what the committee did they should call upon them to resign. Mr. W. Mow, who prefaced his remarks by the state- ment that he had been a member of the Society for 35 years, seconded. No one appreciated Mr. itathbone's work more than he did, and he was speiking without wishing to give offence, more especially to Mr. Rath- bone. The men who formed the Society 40 years ago were self-sacrificing man, and men of ability, but the ideas of 40 years ago would not do for to-day. If wound up at once the Society could pay 30s. in the OC, and when they were in that position it was not neces- sary that they should continue to add to the reserve fund year by year as they were doing, especially as the reserve fund came out of their pocket.s. It belonged to the members and should be given to them in the way of dividend. They had a building fund of £4,000, and they had recently built a shop at Latchford. Where did that money come from? Out of the building fund ? It did not. It came out of the profits which should have been returned to the members. They were making an addition to the Winwick-street property, and that money was coming out of the profits instead of the building fund. _

Mr. kA.THBONE said that during the time he had been manager of the Society hehad put the undertaking in a position which he challenged any other Society in the country to better. If they wanted to keep that position they must not pay their income away as they got it. If it had not been for the early savings they would not at the present time have been able to pay 2s. in the £ dividend.

At this stage Mr. MA.LoNE interjected a remark which caused the manager to retort "I am sorry to say that you are not one of the best men on the Committee." . Mr. LOWE : The whole of the members respect Mr. Rathbone but they believe that the Society is not pro- gressing as it ought to be doing. We are behind most Societies which are about half our age (" Question.") There is no question about it. The Leigh Society is actually bringing Branches to our very doors. Mr. ft ITHBONE : So far as progress is coacerned whose fault is it ? Is it my fault or the Committee's fault? It is the Committee. They have the things in their hands and I am made the scapegoat. Mr. LOWE. : I never said Mr. Rathbone was a scape- goat. Mr. R A.TH BONE : Will you allow me? Mr. LOWE : No. I will not.

During the uproar which ensued, ltr. Rathbone resumed his seat and IVlr. W. Haigh advanced to the front of the platform.

Mr. HAIGH said he was one of three deputed to speak on behalf of the committee. "Mr. Rathbone is held in the greatest respect by the Board," said Mr. Haigh" but place yourselves in our position. At the last general meeting you passed the resolution regard- ing depreciation and a committee was for,ued from the meeting. At the first meeting of the committee after that the manager tendered his resignation. What could we do but accept it. You demand one thing and as a protest the manager resigns and as a Board we were bound to accept his resignation, and considering Mr. Rathbone's advancing years we considere4 it best for him that we should accept it. You cannot blame the committee. The present committee is a progressive one and is determined to progress." Mr. HATGII having ex coed ed his three minutes he was violently interrupted and as he continued to attempt to speak, disorder for a time reigned supreme. It was ultimately decided that the members of the Committee should be allowed to speak for more than three minutes.

Mr. DONELLAN said the whole question was : had th 6 members a right to appoint a special committee as they did at their last meeting? Lie claimed that they had that right and he thought time might be saved if they heard the report of that committee. Mr. ItArtinoNE said there were several things done by the Committee of which he did not approve. " A committee "he continued" was appointed to go into the question of the wages of the employees and the first person whose wages were considered happened to be of the same nationality as NTr. Donellan." Mr. RATHBONE was 'interrupted by cries of "No personalities "and being unable to proceed resumed his seat. A gentleman who had spoken previously als attempted to address the meeting but was howled down. A member asked, seeing that the balance sheet was drawn up by the manager, what guarantee had they that it was correct ? He was greeted with howls of execration and cries of" Fair play."

Mr. CILUTELL (auditor) : You have my guarantee that it is correct. (Cheers.) The questioner above the noise was heard to remark that he was satisfied and that he had no desire to impute anything against Mr. Rathbone. 111 r. J. W. BOUCHIER, on behalf of the committee appointed to consider the question of depreciation of property, presented an interim report. In this it was pointed out that some of the property had been depre- ciated to much below its actual value. The committee suggested that this should be placed at its true value in the balance sheet and the surplus thereby created carried to the dividend account for the members. The committee also offered strong criticism of the system of book-keeping which was in vogue and suggested the immediate introduction of a more up-to-date method.

Mr. CHAPPELL, called upon for his opinion on the accounts, described the system of book-keeping as very primitive,and said if it had not been that Arr.Rathbone was the manager of the Society he would not have audited the accounts. It was easy to trace items in one quarter but to go back quarter by quarter and to trace anaccoant over a few years, was a matter of very considerable difficulty as there was no narration. The interim report was adopted. Mr. Farrar Mr. Elai,gh and Mr. Wadsworth had been deputed to officially defend the action of the Com- mittee in accepting Mr. Rathbone's resignation, and Mr. Farrar was the first to speak. " The - extremely sensitive temperament of the manager," he said, has been evidenced by his attitude to-night and will very largely explain the position in which your Committee has been placed for some six months. Every member of the Committee has expressed his very deep appreciation of the services rendered by Mr. Rathbone and if they have to refer to him in a way painful to all of us it is because we have no control over the circumstances. Your Co ntnittee has never suggested that Mr. Rathbona should resign or threatened hißavith his discharge. On the contrary they had done all in their power to persuade him to reconsider his decision and look at the matter in a fair light, but recently two men have been deputed to wait upon him to persuade him to do the other thing—to resign. What is the reason for this ? 'The position of the Com- mittee had become such that their meetings are more like bear gardens than quiet, deliberative and legislative assemblies, and it is because of the very sensitive nature of the Manager, who cannot take things in the spirit in which they come from the Committee from time to time. We have to face these things. We are very sorry, because we appreciate Mr. Rathbone's work for the Society—and that,no one will deny. We respect his old age, and are sorry to have to ask him, but the time has arrived for him to resign his position, because of the great annoyance caused from time to time. In his own interest he should resign and place himself beyond annoyance in the days to come, and we as a Committee ask you to stand by us and support our action, and in his own interest and in the interest of the Society, ask him to resign." Mr. RATHBONE : It is not true gentlemen that the Committee tried to persuade me to remain. Mr. FARRAR: I ask Mr. Rathbone if he has never bean approached by a Committee with that object when he has handed in his resignation ? Mr. RamreoNE : On not a single occasion during the last three months. Continuing, he said : "In my report I spoke of innovations which are taking place. About six months ago the committee went into the wages question and raised the wages of a man who was not worth it from 265. to 30s. a .week. Another man who is doing more work is receiving less wage. The consmittee lac ver consulted me. I have never once been waked to attend the meetings of the sub-committees and that is the way they are conducting your business." Mr. Rathbone in conclusion deprecated the action of the committee in regard to the Society's property. Mr. FAuitatt : We have taken the property in hand because Mr. Rathbone, having so much other work, is unable to attend to it. We did it with the idea of relieving our manager as much as possible. We sug- gested that he should have an assistant and he suggested that we should appoint a certain man to that position, but the committee could not agree to his selection. With respect to the men's wages. It has been proved to the committee times without number that Mr. Rathbone has been dealing unfairly with several employees and we have taken those cases in hand. We have taken the course we have taken in expectation of Mr. Rath- bone's resignation. Times without nember he has said to the Committee" I than not be with you long "and in face of *a new MAU coming the Committee have decided for the present that the remainder of the wages question can stand over. qr. RATIIIIONE : lis not true. Mr. FARRAR: I leave that to the rest of the Com- mittee who, I think, will support me. Mr. habit: I say fearlessly, and challenge any man in this room to say otherwise, that the condition of the nroperty we own is a disgrace to the Society, The Penketh shop is deplorable. Mr. [high made a certain allegation against Mr. Rathbone which caused the manager to reply that "A bigger lie than that has never been told in this town. I cannot understand why I viva placed in such a position by some members of the committee. It is a disgrace." A MnsißEß : The manager has tendered his resigna- tion and the Committee has accepted it. I move that we support the Committee.

Mr. 'CorTERILL : I think it is nothing more or less than a disgrace and an abomination for any member of the Committee to speak of Mr. Rathbone as they have dope (Uproar).

. , I 11r.‘10. Mosics : I think this is about the most Pain- , frit business we have ever had to consider. (Hear, hear). You have elected a committee of men who are deter- , mined to manage the Society in their own way, and they have taken matters of pure management entirely out of Mr. Rathbone's hands. How then can you expect him to work properly when the management of the , Society is divided in this way? It is not feasible. He ' has given 43 years honest service to this Society and if this is the treatment a man is to receive after he has ! given his life to looking after your interest then I say ;it is a poor look out, and I don't hesitate to say that , after 40 years experience if you are going to have a I divided management you are 'going to have no end of bother and trouble. If Mr. Ratb.bone decides to remain ; I will vote for him but unless you are prepared to make t very considerable changes in the constitution of the ! committee I think it is better that he should retire. If you put men on the committee who in less than a month ' know more than the manager who has served the Society , for over 40 years lam afraid you are not going to be i very successful.

Mr. WaDsworait said that seeing the difaculties , they experienced in the Committee he thought it better ; that Mr. Rathbone should resign. a Mr. BIBBY (a member of the Committee) : I am in

Hill Cliffe Biptist Church. The children's anniversary was held on Sunday, when the morning and evening services were conducted by the Rev. A. Harvey, of Widnes. In the morning, Mr. Harvey based his sermon on the text, "Ye must be born again, and in the evening he dealt with the well-known declaration of King Agrippa "Paul! Almost thou persnadest me to be a Christian." At both morning and evening service the principal feature was the singing of special hymns by the scholars, At the morning service Miss Alice Cliff, one of the scholars, sang in a very pleasing manner" little ship was on the sea," and at the evening service Miss May Isherwood delighted the congregation with her rendering of "Oh! for the wings of a dove." Mr. Arthur Whitfield presided at the organ. In the afternoon a musical service was held. It was presided over by Mr. W. H. Sherburn and was a very successful gathering. Mr. Forster, of Warrington, contributed "The Holy City." This Co-operative Society's Employees Glee Party also gave three selec- tions including Comrade's song of hope" which coiled forth hearty applause. The spanker wis Councillor Evans who delivered an address upon" Idealism." The collections for the day amounted to nearly £6.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0181.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY.

LIVELY SCENES AT THE QUARTERLY

MEETING.

The Manager's Position.

RESIGNATION HANDED IN TO COMMITrEE.

There were lively scenes at the quarterly meeting of the Warrington Co-operative Society on Tuesday even- ing. Mr. T. Critchley took the chair at eight o'clock and it was three hours later that the proc.3edings were closed by a motion to adjourn the question at that time under discussion.

THE BALANCE SHEET. The balance sheet which was approved showed that the sales recorded were the largest in the history of the Society.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0182.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MANAGER'S POSITION.

The next business was the reading of the minutes of the Committee meetings. At one meeting the entry read:

Finding it difficult to give satisfaction, as complaints were being constantly made with an apparent desire to depreoate him, the manager (Mr. Rathbone) asked the committee to listen to a statement in which he desired to point out certain conditions appertaining to his appointment. He also pointed out what was the original intention of the founders of the Society with respect to depreciation. He also said he could no longer remain in such an unsatisfactory position as to be measured by a man with less than a month's experi- ence against the 43 years of the fullest devotion on his (the Manager's) part, and therefore, as a protest he was reluctantly compelled to ask the Committee to accept his resignation. In a report which he presented to the committee Mr. Rathbone said that as at the annual meeting a member made it appear as though the other members were not having justice fully dealt out to them by reason of the depreciation. He begged to point out that the practice of depreciation commenced in IS(4 when the Society was in low , water and had continued up to the present time. "Then surely," said 1 Mr. Rathbone "when the Society is capable of paying 3s. in the .£ it is not desirable to take a retrograde movement such as was submitted at the general meeting, by withholding the depreciation, as it can only be looked upon as a selfish, unprecedented 1 course of action, without the slightest justification and which would bring disgrace upon the Society through- out the whole of the co-operative movement. The Society is asked to discontinue the depreoiation so that larger dividends may be paid and to ignore the desire of the founders to provide for the future by putting the Society on such a firm foundation as to defy any boycott which might take place. Asa protest I therefore give notice of my intention to retire from the position of manager of this. important Society,and to leave it in as sound a financial position as any in the whole movement."

At a special meeting of the Committee which was subsequently held it was resolved " That it is with regret that we receive and accept Mr. Rathbone's resignation because of his long and faithful services to the Society, coupled with his declining years—accord- ing to the report read at the meeting of the Committee on February 13th we can do no other than accept his decision to resign—and that he be asked to fix a date for the termination of his services." At a further meeting it was resolved : "We as a Board request the present manager to state a definite time when he will retire," and Messrs. Farrar and Hlbbert were appointed a deputation to wait upon the manager in this connection.

At he outset it was decided to limit each speaker to three minutes.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0183.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
/

===== 0002601_19070420_art0184.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WM.s

===== 0002601_19070420_art0185.txt | included=true | included =====
perfect sympathy with Mr. Rathbone and say that after' his long years' service he deserves better treatment. There was one man you put OM the Committee at the last meeting. This man—(cries of "No personalities" and disorder)—if he had not been there there would have been no trouble. (Uproar.) A short time ago he was anxious to lick Mr. Rathbone's boots and now he uses the whip in such a manner--(the remainder of the sentence was lost in the uproar which greeted the remark). The statements which have been made are deliberately false. (Continued interruption and a Voice: "It is perfectly true to my knowledge.") I don't care twopence if you throw me off the Committee to-morrow. I am going to speak my mind and I say that it is a dis- grace for Mr. Rathbone to be placed in this position. (Uproar, during which Mr. Bibby resumed his seat). Mr. DONELLON : It was not my intention to take part in this debate, but Mr. Bibby pointed to me as being the man to whom he referred. When I settled in Warrington I had not a single relation in the town, and anxious as to the future. I made Mr. Rathbone my sole executor. There is not the smallest particle of truth in Mr. Bibby's statement. I desire to be just, honest and upright. (" question " and disorder). You and I recognized Ur. Rathbone's services to the Society when we gave him 300 guineas two years ago, bat we cannot allow the Society to be governed by one man. I recognize in Mr. Rath- bone one of Warrington's greatest men. He has always been a friend to me, and I have never been an enemy to him. (" Question " and disorder.) Mr. BOUCHIER moved the adjournment of the ques- tion until the next qnartetly meeting to give Mr. I Rathbone time to consider his position. He had never attended a meeting which had been so painful and he was in a difficulty. Whilst he would like to support the Committee, he certainly would not vote against Mr. Rathbone. (Hear, hear.) IMr. ENGLAND seconded the resolution which was accepted, despite the protests of several members that 'three months was too long to wait for a settlement.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0186.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Services for Sunday. Wycliffe Congregational Church, Bewsey-street : Preaeher' 10.30 and 6.30, Rev. J. Yonge.—On the 28th inst. the Sunday School Anniversary will be observed, when the special preacher will be the Rev. David Walters (Leeds). In the afternoon a service of song "Christ the Healer" (music by Mr. W. H. Payton and words by Miss E. Brdwn) will be given. Baptist Church, Golborne-street : Preacher, the Rev, T. b. Ogden (Oldham). Subjects, 10.30, "The Dreamer " ; 6.30, " Robbing God."—ln the afternoon the Rev, T. L. Ogden will address a united meeting of Warrington P.S.A. and Bible Classes. His subject will be "Stand up for yourselves." Bold-street Wesleyan Church: Re-opening services after decoration. Preachers, 10.30, Rev. E. J. Gawne ; 6.30, Rev. J. Manning. Morning anthem" Jerusalem the Golden " ; evening " Consecration " and "There's a home for little children," by Mr. T. Brough's Juvenile Choir.

Bewsey-road Wesleyaa Church: Preachers, 10.30, Rev. W: Hellor ; 6.30, Rev. S. Pitt.

Primitive Methodist Church, Legh-street, Sunday School anniversary. Preachers the Rev. J. Gillender (Chorley). A special service will be held in the after- noon at which addresses will be delivered by Sister Louie (Widnes), and Miss V. Taylor. A tea table con- ference on Monday will be conducted by Rev. S. S. Henshaw and a public meeting will follow. Latchford Baptist Church: Preacher, Rev. J. F. Matthews. Subject: W. 30 "Form and substance" ; 6.30, "The hidden future."

The Late Mrs. Bertha Morgan. In his sermon at St. Paul's Church on Sunday morn- ing, the Rev. E. E. Peters, curate, referred to the death of Mrs. Bertha Morgan, which took place at the residence of her mother, 46, Bewsey-street, on Tuesday, April 9th. In the name of those who worshipped and ministered in that church he assured their brothers and sisters who mourned the loss of their dear one, that the feelings of them all were with them. They had their prayers and their most sincere and heartfelt sympathy. Might God in His great love comfort and hold them up in that time of their agony and loss. Might they hold fast the sure and certain hope of the resurrection, the promise of a life wherein they would meet once more those" they had loved long since and lost awhile:"

===== 0002601_19070420_art0187.txt | included=true | included =====
...mtmm0tff..101...N...• HOVIS.

What It Is. INTERESTING PACTS.

Large numbers of• those who visited the Trades Exhibition re3ently held in the Parr Hall,were naturally very much interested in the Hovis flour and bread department. No doubt many of these, as well as the general public, would like to know some of the facts connected with the growth of the Hovis industry, and what Hovis flour and bread really are. What is the signification of the word " Hovis ?" It is a patent composite word invented by a young Cambridge under- graduate.lt is made up of the two Latin words,"Flofninis Vis "—the Strength of Man. And" Strength of Man" well describes this bread, which contains within its dainty loaves the very essence of the good golden wheat which is the life-support of the world. Originally Hovis was manufactured at Macclesfield. Its head- quarters are still there, but the Hovis Company having outgrown its acco=modation has now also manufac- tories in London, Manchester, and South Africa. _

It may not be ;tmiss to state that the -;wheat grain itself cannot be further improved upon. The grain from which the cakes in the days of Pharoah were made is the same as the wheat of to-day. The different stages in the history of milling are plainly marked after the first days of rather hazy conjecture. The first method that is known was a simple pounding of the wheat between two stone slabs. The next in the evolution was the introdnction of a simple mill in which the bottom stone was stationary and the upper one revolved by hand, grinding the corn between the two and allowing the particles to drop through a tiny hole in the lower stone. The present style of milling is simply the result of improvement in method and not in principle. Power, in the form of water-wheels and wind-mills,reduced the labour and increased the output, steam and electricity supplied more power, and a still greater output, and eventually the steel roller displaced the stone, until improvement came to a standstill. The three parts which, broadly speaking, make up each grain are the bran or husk, the white starchy part from which white flour is made, and the germ. Science was able to demonstrate that the bran is a negligible quantity from a food standpoint ; it is an irritant and indigestible. The white flour is good as a food, and the germ exception- ally so. The white flour is comparatively easy to manipulate, but the germ is not so tractable. When passed through the rollers it is turned into flakes and does not grind into powder as the white flour does. It is soft and has certain properties which white flour does not possess. It is extremely rich—far richer than white flour—in phosphates, nitrogenous matter and album!. noids, or, in other words, the natural building materials for renewing mental and bodily strength, for enriching the blood, and generally keeping the body well fed with most easily digestible material. This is where Flovis comes in. _ R A MILLE SCIENTIST.

Some eighteen years ago, :qr. Richard Smith, a miller and a scientist, went to these Macclesfield millers with a discovery which he had recently made,and the discovery was in this wise. He had ascertained by long-tried experiments that the essence and life of wheat lay in the germ. This germ he carefully extracted, specially prepared it, added some salt, and mixed it in good proportions with the best white flour, thus producing what was then known as germ flour, and what was afterwards changed to its present name of Hovis. In ordinary brown bread you only get 1 per cent, of this life-giving germ. It was originally waste product with the bran. Now it is extracted separately by a special process from wheat from all parts of the world. The Hovis Company people specially treat the germ by a cooking process, because only thus can it be properly preserved. If it were put raw into the flour it would turn the flour rancid, so much oil is there in this little germ. The germ contains the most nourishing qualities of the wheat—all those qualities which go to the formation of bone and muscle, and consequently Hovis bread is con- sidered by the doctors as the most nitrogenous bread in existence. Indeed it has been proved by analysis that one and a half pounds of Hovis bread contain more nourishment than one pound of ordinary white bread together with a rich red half-pound of beefsteak. The Hovis firm now turns out enough flour to make 50 million loaves of Hovis bread every year, and this, of course, exclusive of the immense amount of ordinary white flour which they disp ttch yearly from their mills. It is claimed that for bone forming, for muscle form- ing, for feeding the brain tissues, for building up con- stitutions, and keeping them at concert pitch, Hovis is the ideal food before the public to-day. " its food value," says the "Lancet," "both as regards nitrogen and phosphates, is, broadly speaking, double that of bread made from ordinary wheaten flour." Dr. Gordon Stables, in "Fresh air treatment of Consumption," says: "The bread I use is Hovis, I am enthusiastic on it." Other medioal authorities speak with equal favour of

Warrington.—Printed and published by JOHN WALKER 84 CO., at The Examiner General Printing Work* Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road WIDNES: 32, George-street, ST. HELMS: 3, Market' treet, EARLESTOWN; Church-street RUNCORN, Apr 2 •rti.1907.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0188.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MFMOW

===== 0002601_19070420_art0189.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RAILWAY INSTITUTE.

OPENING OF BOWLING GREEN AND

RIFLE RANGE. Visit of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Ree.

The step Which the London and North-Western Railway Company took twelve months ago in providing for the wholesome recreation of their Warrington employees by placing a Railway Institute at their dis- posal has been fully justified. The scheme was taken up with great enthusiasm and the work of the Institute so far has been conspicuously successful. Last even- ing saw the inauguration of further recreative facilities, Mr. Frank flee, the chief goods manager, Easton, and Mrs. flee visiting Warrington to open a bowling green and rifle range. The bowling green has been laid near Arpley Station and the transformation which the plot of land has undergone Iduring the past three months is most striking. -The members have taken a keen interest in the construc- tion of the green and, with the assistance given by the company, have been the means of arranging enjoy- ment for the summer months Which will no doubt be greatly appreciated. The green presents a pretty picture, for part of the land has been planted with shrubs, and a rockery improves the effect. There is 3 well-appointed pavilion and the whole of the ground is enclosed. The railway men already have a strong bowling team which in 1903 bad the satisfaction of winning the cup offered in the Warrington Works Competition. The rifle range adjoins the Institute at Bank Quay, and is admirably fitted up. It is composed of three carriages laid continuously and givinga range in accord- ance with the Miniature Rifle Association standard of 25 yards. There are two targets, and the end and sides of the range are protected .by steel plates. The interior is painted pale green, and is fitted throughout with incandescent light. A special apparatus winds the target to and from the firing point, and this prevents risk of anyone having to wale between the firing point and the target and dispenses with a marker, as the appli- ance will admit of the target being brought back for examination of the result of the firing. The rifles have been presented by Mr. Frank Ree and are of the War Office miniature type. The members of the Institute .have affiliated themselves with the Miniature Rifle Association and thereby qualified to take part in com- petitions promoted by the Association in every part of the country. They are also eligible to compete for the Queen's Cup. Mr. E. ROBINSON, the secretary of the Institute. has been indefatigable in promoting its success and in arousing interest in the rifle range project, whilst Mr. T. F. Whittle has devoted a great deal of time to the arrangements for the bowling green. OPENING CEREMONIES.

- - --- Considerable interest was taken in last evening's opening proceedings, Mr. and Mrs. Ree coming specially to Warrington for the occasion. Mrs. Rae has taken an active interest in social work amongst railway men and on the opening of the Institute was the first to send a supply of _useful books.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0190.txt | included=true | included =====
The 6owllng green was opened first by Mr. Ree who lost in a short game with Mr. F'. T. Kinsman, outdoor goods manager, Manchester. At the close Mr. T. Horrabin, captain of the London and North-Western Works Competition team, presented a set of bowls suitably inscribed to the chief goods manager, and Mr. A. E. Cresswell, locomotive department, Warrington, presented a set to the outdoor goods manager. The party then proceeded to the rifle range where, in the presence of a large gathering, Mrs. Ree fired the first shot and registered a" bull's eye." Afterwards a meeting was held in the Conservative Club, Assembly Room, Mr. L T. Williams, the popular district goods manager, presiding. The CHAIRMAN on behalf of the assembly extended to Mr. and Mrs. Ree a most cordial welcome to Warrington. (Applause.) In coming specially from London to take part in the proceedings they had given an immense amount of pleasure, not only to those who were present but to those who were on duty, to say nothing of the encouragement their presence gave to those who had been actively engaged in social work in this town. They might regard that day as a red letter day in the history of the institute. (Applause.) It was just ' twelve months since they opened the institute and their indefatigable secretary Mr. Robinson had prepared a statemAnt on the year's work. The finances were substantially sound--(applause) and the work had been in every way satisfactory. During the year there were played 4,424 games of billiards 1,925 games of bagatelle, and there had been 29,850 ;hots at the miniature shooting range. They had run two very successful concerts and at Christmas time there was a tournament with 240 competitors, 52 prizes being distributed. These facts more than justified the existence of the institute. (Applause.) The shoot- ing range which Mrs. Rea had fittingly inaugurated by registering a bull's eye would be a very valuable addition Re believed it was the first range of its kind on the ' North-Western system so that in that respect they were in the happy position of knowing that Warrington wa.4 leading the way—(applause)—and leading the way in a movement which was becoming most popular all over the country. He would shortly expect to see that Enston, Liverpool, Manchester, and Birmingham were following Warrington. (Laughter.) They were indebted absolutely to Mr. Ree for the shooting range —(applause)—and Mr. Kinsman had given substantial help in obtaininc, the bowling green which would fill a want that had been felt for some time. (Applause.) They bad now a fully equipped institute in almost every detail which would provide rational recreation for the men during the summer months as well as through the winter. Mr. Williams concluded by asking Mrs. Ree's acceptance of a souvenir of the occasion in the form of a beautiful silver bowl, suitably inscribed, and containing choice orchids.

Mrs. ttEE said: "I am not a suffragette and I have never made a speech. This is just a family party and I would like to say I have been delighted to be here." (Applause.)

, Mr. REE then addressed the gathering. When he inspected the institute, he said, he marvelled at the wonderful transformation. He remembered the grimy old offices and found them trans- formed into an institute while the one-time blacks desolate looking ground around it was now a garden. The rifle range would, he hoped, interest the men in the national movement promoted by Lord Roberts and almost equally by the Secretary of State for War. At the time of the South African war I,Varrington North-Western men did nobly. (Applause.) Three members of their continent_--Blackwood,a fore- man, Lloyd, a labourer, and Maddock, the head shunter —lost their lives, a:sd their names were inscribed on a tablet at the London offices of the company. A knowledge of rifle shooting would be useful in case of such a contingency arising again, and he believed there would be the same numbers or more from the 'North-Western of Warrington to volun- teer their services. (Applause.) The Committee of the Institute had done wonders, but he had not lived ten years in Lancashire without learning that Lanca- shire men were thorough whether it was at work or play. (Applause). On the motion of Mr. F. T. lincsm.t.x, seconded by Mr. W. M. TURNBULL, a hearty vote of thanks wag accorded to Mr. and Mrs. Ree, and in responding Mr. REE paid a tribute to Mr. Williams' efforts for the welfare of the employees.

_ • A similar Compliment was raid to the Chairman, on the proposition of Nfr. W. IVILLI.A.NIS, seconded by Mr. T. L POWKE, and in acknowledging it Mr. WILLIAMS referred in terms of praise to the services of Niessrs. Robinson and Whittle and the members of the Com- mittee.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0191.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

CONGO PROTEST IfEETING.--A meeting to protest against the Congo atrocities was held in the Wesleyan Church on Wednesday evening. There was a good attendance, Mr. 0. E. Parker presiding. An address des- cribing the horrible state of affairs in the Congo was delivered by the Rev. Padfield, returned missionary,who was one of the passengers on the " Jebba."—On the motion of Mr. J. G. Withinshaw,seconded by Mr. Jenks a resolution of protest was passed.

===== 0002601_19070420_art0192.txt | included=true | included =====
CARGO FLEET IRON CO.

Some time ago the Cargo Fleet Iron Company, Middlesborough, secured two big contracts for steel rails from the Argentine railway. The first shipment in fulfilment of these contracts has how been made, and has been subjected to most exhaustive tests by Lloyd's shrveyors and other experts, with the result that the steel, which was made by the Talbot process installed in the Cargo Fleet Works, has been pronounced superior' to any other turned out in this country. And more than this, says the "Shipping Gazette," German' makers secured orders from the same railways at the same time and it is now officially declared that the German steel has failed to stand the testa, and that, in consequence, the order placed with the German makers has been cancelled. By the way, the South Durham Iron and Steel Company,whose shares are largely held by the Cargo Fleet Company, has just declared a dividend at the rate of is. per share—which is another welcome feature in the situation.

===== 0002601_19070420_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BAPTIST C HIT RC H. LATCHFORD. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) APRIG 218 T, 1907. JOHN FRANOTS MATTHEWS. Illforning 10 30: 'Form And substnnee." • Evening R : "The Hidden Future.' OFFERTORIES.

OR ARTIFICI A L TEETH AND THEIR ACCOMPANYING PROCESSEzi CONSULT W. J. BARNES. 54, LEGH STRE.T, WARRINGTON.

BE WS EY RnAD WIP,c4I,IIIYAN CHURCH wARRINGTON. ON SUNDAY NEXT, APRIL 2181, 19n7. Morning 1(L: Rev. WIT,LTANI MELLOR. Evening 6 30: Hey. SIDNEY PITT. Evening subjent : "Christianity no fable, or a view of the foundations." All welootne. Hymn Books provided.

WI CLI FEE CFIIIRetT, BE WsEY STREET. SUNDAY, APRIL 21sT, 19C7. PREACHER: REV. J. YONG-R. 1n.30 AND 6.30. URITAL OFFRRVORIRq. N.B.—Monthly Church Members' Meeting after the Rvening Service.

rr HE 1:01-WORATION OF WARIUNGD,N IS PRIIPARIM to fn:rnv4 LOANS, either at six month. notice or for a term of years. Applieatioa to be made to tbe BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices. Warrington.

W TCLIFFE MUTH; TT. FIEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. SUNDAY, APRIL 28m. 1907. SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. PREACHER: 10.30 AND 6.30. REV. DAV M WALTERS, (of Healin7ley, Leels.) IN THE AFTERNOON AT 2.30, A SERVICE OF SONG "CHRIST THE 1113 ALER." MUSIC BY W. H. PAYTON, MITS. BAC., AN ADDRESS BY THE REV. FRANK VAUGHAN, (OF EmmitiruEt. cautioff.) COLLECTIONS ON BEHALF OF SCHOOL FUNDS.

BIRKBECK. BANK. MITABLI.HED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDING-R, HOLBORN, W.C. Plift CENT. IN PBRHST allowel on Deposit Accounts. 2 PIM CENT INTHREIST on Drawing Accounts with Checuie All General Banking Business Transactfed. ALMANACK, WITH FULL PARTICULVIS, POST FILER. C. P. RAVRIVIOROPT. SPCR.:TAIIY

AIR. AND MRS. ANDREW RATABONE AND ,Y FAMILY DIINIRR TO THANK THRIR FRIENDS for their many kind expressions of sympAthy.

HAIR COMBINGS made up *2/- per oz. COVERLETTB 1 TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURR FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T 8 BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

BOL D STE Tt r WESLEYAN CHURCH.— RR-OPENING SERVICES AFTER DECORATIONS. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), APRIL 21sT, 1907. MORNING 10.30, PREACHER: REV. E. J. GAWNE. EVENING 6.3 n. PREACHER : REV. J. MANNING. SPECIAL MUSIC BY THE CHOIR. MORNING ANTHEM JertHaleM, the Golden." EVENING •—" Consecration." "There's a Friend for little children " BY MR. T. BROUGH'S JUVENILE CHOIR. S*LIOST : MRS. BOOTH. OROHESTRaL ACCOMPANIMENT. ' COLLECTIONS FOR TRUST FUNDS.

3TA.IN IFORUA iIiRALE NURSES OLDEST ESTABLISHED NURSES' INSTITUTION IN TYIN NORTH OF ENGLAND. HOPE HOUSE, HOPE ST., LIVERPOOL. Telephone: 2,570 Royal. Telegrams: " Nurses," Liverpool. PRIVATE HOSPITAL FOR GENTLEMEN. EXHIBITION GRASS SEEDS l. per lb. _— SOW NOW. DWARF. EVERGREEN. BOW NOW. R. F. KER AND SONS, 11. BASNETT SrREHT, LIVERPOOL

BAPTTST (HURCH, GOLBORNE STREET. TO-MORROW 'SUNDAY) APRIL 21ST. EREACTIER : REV. H. OGDEN (Or.nukx). MORNING 1n.45. "The dreamer." EVENING 6.30. "Robbing God." AFTERNOON 2.45. UNITED MEETING OF WARRINGTON P.S.A. AND BIBLE CLASS. SPEAICER : REV. H. OGDEN. " StAnd up to youreelves " EVERYBODY WRLOOMIC. HYMN BOORS PROVIDED. COMB! COMB ! ! COMB ! ! !

TO BANDSMEN & OTHERS. NOW IS THB TIME TO SEND YOUR RBPAIRS TO H. J. WARD & SONS, 10, ST. ANNE ST., LIVERPOOL, MANUFALTURERS OF MILITARY & BRASS BAND INSTRUMENTS, FIFES AND DRUMS. ECHLIN, OONORRTINAS. ACCORDEONS, C. REPAIRS (by experenced workmen) A SPECIALITY. Moderate charges.. Returned quickly. Band stands Is. 9d. Estimates tree. Don't delay but tend on at once to 10, ST. ANNE ST., LIVERPOOL.

METTIODIST SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY, LEHR STRERT. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), APRIL 21ST. PREACTIF.R AT 10.30 AND 6.30: REV. J. GILLENDER (Cnonta), District Sunday School Secretary. SPECIAL AFTERNOON SERVICE AT 2.30. Onainms.si : J. T. ROWLANDS, Esc/. SPEAKERS: 81811111 LoNIFI (or WIDNES) and MISS V. TAYLOR. who will give an Object Address on " Flowers." ON MONDAY, APRIL 22ND, A PUBLIC TEA. AT 5.30 Tickets 6(1., followed by TBA. TAELsi (10NFERENCE, CONDUCTED BY REV. S. Q. HENSHAW (General Sunday School Secretary). PUBLIC) MEETING AT 7.30. SPELLERS. REVS. 8. S. HENSHAW /t J. GILLENDER. REV. 0. L. STOWE WILL PRESIDE. SPEDIAL HYMNS By oint,nßllß AND Clinlß. SPECIAL COLLECTIONS 1:011 SUNDAY SCHOOL FUNDS.

LEFT-unr CLOTHINO, &e., B PRICE for parcels forwarded; if not approved Goods Returned, CARRIAGE P %JD. Second-hand DREsS SITUPS, MILITARY, THEATRICAL. BAND UNIFORMS, LIVERIES, ARMY TEN IB,Sale or Hire GENT'S MISFtT SUITs at THIRD COST PRIOR. TADIES' EVENING DRESSES. CO 4TIIMES, BLOUSES. GENT'S YUR-LINEM and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTEAUS, eic., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY LROUSHRS,S HI RTS. HLUCH ERS.W ELM NO rozis. CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLICE (APES, GORMAN'S. 326, 128, and 330, Deanegate, Manchester. Established 50 Years. Telephone No. 4138.

GRAMOPHi WE. APRIL UHCIO RD. Rattle hint Records. Z)nophon es latest Records. Thomas Edison April Records in bitock. Don't miss the HAtiP SOLO, Braga's Serenade. A musical treat. Every Record published in stock at JAKE GR, NIT ANI'S, 76, RIINSHAVir STRRET, AND 271, PARK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Telephones 56X and 31X41 Royal, Open Bank Holidays.

SHAKESPE ARE T ATRE, LIVERPOOL, MONDAY mix r. APRIL 22ND. FOR TWO WEEKS. ' MATINERS-WBDN7,SDAY3 SATIIRDAY3. CIARLTI3 FROHVI I.N PRESENTS PFITER PAN, BY J. M. BARRIE. BOX PLAN AT THEATRE.

PRELIMINARY NOTICE. BOLD STREET, WESLEYAN CHURCH; A GRAND BAZAAR WILL BE HELD IN THE PARR HALL APRIL 30TH, MAY IFIT, 2s, AND 3RD, 1907. FURTHER PARTICULARS LATER.

TO COMMENCE IN THE " EXAMINER " NEXT WEER. BREATHLESS EXCITEMENT! THRILLING SENSATION ! ! • THE EXPLOITS OF THE NE-EYED MAN. EIGHT NARRATIVES • BY EDWARD TOWLER In which are related the amazing experiences of a human fiend who for a brief period terrorised England. This audacious scoundrel defied the police, and the smartest detectives of England and America were unable to lay him by the heels. He robbed a big bank in broad daylight, captured a specie van on our greatest railway, and kidnapped a multi-millionaire. Priceless pictures and jewels worth a king's ransom were among the booty secured by the fearless gang of outlaws led by the One-Eyed Man. A veritable Napoleon of crime, this twentieth century terror undertook to steal the signal books from a British warship, and actually succeeded ! It is AN ASTOUNDING RECORD and will be eagerly read. In many respects the series is unique. The tales are told without auy attempt at melodramatic embellishment, in a plain, straightforward way which makes them intensely realistic. They grip as power- fully as a strong serial, and anyone who reads the first story will want to follow the adven- tures of the One-Eyed Man to the end. LOOK OUT FOR (inr 111 13 ONE EYED MAN." IN THE " EXAMINER " ON SATURDAY NEXT, APRIL 27TH.

WARRINGTON BAND oF Hopti uNio N ANNUAL FESTIVAL. IN PARR HALL. WEDNESDAY NEXT. APRIL 24Trt. (PRESIDENT ; HIS WORSHIP THE )&AYOR). THURSDAY NEXT, APRIL 25TH. (PRESIDENT : MRS. JAMES DODDS). NEW AND ATTRACTIVE PROGRAMME' INOIXDING : YE OLDS VILLAGE GREEN, CROWNING OF THE QUEEN. PROCESSION OF NURSERY RHYMES AND OTHER CHARM) THU, PLAITING THE MAY-POLE, " BAR-BULL DRILL. FANCY DANCES. Icn &c. CHORUSES BY JUVENILE CHOIR OF OVER :400 votcea. SELECTION BY TOW BARTON'S JUVENILE ORCHESTRA. ADMISSION : Reserved Seats (Centre Gallery), 21. and S. 6d.; Plash and Front Seats (Body), Side and Back Galleries, Is.; Second and Back Seats (Body). 63. Children (under 12 Half-price to all Seats except the Reserved ) Doors open at 7.15 To commence at 7.30. Earley Elvin; (tor Ticket-ffolders only), 6.45. PARISH COUNCIL Of ORAPPIMIALL—The n, Council of the above Parish INVITE APPLIOA- „AXONS for the office of ASSISTANT OVERSEER and uLBRIC to the Fetish Council. Salary £4O per annum. Arplications (endorsei Assistant Overseer) stating age, end qualiflcas ions. with copies of references to be forwarded t° J. C. Parr. Esq., Chairman of the Parish Council, (iraPPenhail. on or before Anvil 29th. 1907.

ouNT y BOROI7O H. OF WAR RING roN. —To V•tN BUILIMBS tcc. The HICALTH and PAVING and SWIM/4.G8 COM- ?UTTERS of the Council of the County Borough of Warrinit- ;soh are PRIIPARRD to BRORIVB TIINDBRS for TWO "IBINPBCTING VANS and 1 STRIIRTWATBRING. VAN. Y further information required may be obtained at the 4-ce of the Borough Surveyor. Town Hail, at which place _ ndere must, be delivered before 12 o'clock on Monday, thi tith day of May, 1937. The lowest or any tender not nvessarily accepted. THOS. LONGDIN, Borough Engineer and Surveyor. morough Rngineer and Surveyor'. Office, .Arlll9th. 11107.

WARRINGTuN INFIKNIAKY EXI'ENBIO SUBSCRIPTIONS TO DATE. E s. d. The Warrington Dramatic Society (pro- ceeds of the p.rformanses of " Dr Wlke's Patent" Mr. R. B Garnett Mr. William Gill.. Teachers and Scholars of St. Barnabas' Mixed School Mrs. Ann Hewitt St. Ann's Day School 1 0 0 Amount previously acknowledged -- £11.6':2 7 6 W. PETER RYLAND% Chairman of the Extension Committee. DARIN, Hon TrPftimrpr. 1/110ToG1APHY.—P.O.P. rOsT-CARDS, 2s. 6ct a 100; 225, 6d. 1000, Gaslight, 3s. 6d. 100 ; 30s. 1000' s.4.!ePlee, 6d. stamps. Owen's P.0.P., 10s. 6d. per quire ; ;oEarple, 2 sheets Is post free. All unsurpassable quality ; otie!leit instmotions enclosed. Printing poet-cards from bonier's neaatives P.0.P., 11. 4d. per doz, ; 7s. 100 ; Per 1000. Inquiries solicited. OWEN'S STORES. WALL GRANGE, STOKE-ON TRENT.

NOW SHOWING ALL THE NEW CLOrrliS AND STYLES FOR THE COMING SEASON. GRAM 367 BUTTERMARKET ST MET, WARRINGTON.

FOR REALLY GOOD TAILORING, WHETHER LADIES' OR GENTLEM GO TO H. S. PAGE & CO., 74, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTOIs WE STUDY YOUR WANTS AND LAY OURSELVES OUT 1) SUPPLY THEM.

GEORGE SMAJEUEVEN.. SEED MERCHANT, MARKET PLACE, WAJ'.RINGTON. Leading Lines in VEGETABLE, FLOWER and FARI, SEEDS Obtained from best possible Stocks. SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED ( ATALOGUE.

ESTABLISH ED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, 4.Y.ArLI hkA42ILAAD PRIDeI SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Picture, . ,buitabl • for WeddlnA and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &e. Terms Moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYBR OF PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSRITI. and 813/MI4ONRS. AUTOTYPE REPRODUO'.:IONII OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE Asti OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVIZ; US.

- , For Expeditious z' - - ------------------ ~Lj With modern GOODS CAREFULLY REMOVED 4,-- ______, Removals vans, 11,QA Carried out by __ ,RA)L+ .•:,r4,--'1 with the --[SEA! experienced men ‘l, TO - ALL . PARTS . - least inconvience at the I __....),L...„• at 116447 4F4(110111111 !,,,,ar,..t. Ofiko _ shortest notice, --, ...x.,,i.- ..__..4_, moderate charges, Apply_ JOH N LUNT, Bridge Foot. Warrington. ,

PIERPOINT AND Ck3l., pßiza MEDAL BAKERY, 125, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. BEST HOUSEHOLD BREAD. SPECIAL VALUE IN FLOUR le. In. PER DOZ. BRLF-RAISING FLOUR. HARD TO BRAT.

EXHIBMON I3RA EIDS, is. per lb. SOW BOW. DWARF. EVRRORBEN. SOW NOW R. P. KRA AND RONR, 11, BASNRTT STRREIT. LIVERPOOL.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEET AND CHEAPEST EvER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCER; AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND Is. BD., EACH WHOL ESALE BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON. ESTABLISH= 1833.

ACCIDENTS OF ALE, KINDS. SIOKNEW EMPLOYERS LIABILITY, BURGLARY AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINdT BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £L.003,000 CLAIMS PAID £5,000,000 64, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAN. Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. 7. HOL'MES, Bridge St. „ Mr, W.H. RlGBEY,Nesscliffe. Victoria-rd.,Latchford St Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-stre. t. Haydock Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows Sandbach Mr. F. J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

TWO GOOD PIANI-3 FON. SALE. One by Hilton and Hilton, no in use at the Parr Hall. One by Wm. Same', Ltd., now in use at Bold Street School. APPLY : WADS WORTH'S, C 9. SA.NKRY-STREET, WARRINGTON,

Sow SOON FOR SUCCESS. -- EXHIBITION DWARF EVERGREEN LAWN GRASS SEEDS. The same selection of Dwarf Evergreen Grasses which produced the remarkably fine Lawns at the Liverpool Exhibition, for which we were awarded the LARGE GOLD MEDAL, NEW SEEDS of the Higheit Germination. totally free from weeds' 1/- per lb., 20/- per Bushel ot 221bs. -- Mopeds' Prescriptions for Golf Links, Cricket Fields, Polo Grnunds, and for shady, sandy, or peaty soils, on the very best terms for reliable seeds. Carriage free. -Rolm ICER & Son CENTRAL MD WARNHOUSE, BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 665. Lists free.

FOR EVERY GARDKN. SOW NOW. THE BEST GIANT FLOWERED SWEET PEAS, ELEGANT GAY FiAGRANT. Special Selection of the newest and most brilliant of these most beautiful, easily-grown hardy annuals No plants furnish such a long supply of dainty flowers for all purposes. Our stook is all English grown, handpicked. and confidently offered as the very best. All post free. UNIQUE COLLECTION.—TWELVE BRILLIANT AND NOVEL BORT4 INCLUDING THE SPLENDID NEW VARIETIES ss Od COLLIS° I'ION OF TWELVE SUPERB SORTS ALL SEPARATE.. 10 OZ., IN 24 SPLENDID SORTS ALL SEPARATE 10 oz., IN 16 SPLENDID SORTS. ALL SEPARATE RAINBOW MIXED 6d PER OZ.; 4 OZ. FOE ls 6d RELIABLE SEEDS FOR EVERY GARDEN. Practical List Post Free from Tr _JLI,I°)OBT. t. IVgR & SONS, CENTRAL SEED WAREHOUSE, BASNRTV ST.. LIVERPOOL.

ONIONS for transplanting, o,utumn sown, pest sorts strong plants; 120 post ire Is. —D. YOUNG,' Seedsman Kirriemuir, N.B.

ROBERT L9WE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms 3 No, 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. Caen ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED ?Oil SALE. New and :if oond-band Farnitnre and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection Invited Furniture. &a.. warsbcused.

SMOKE LUDLOW'S" OLD BOY'S" TOI3AOOO. COOL AND LASTING. SD. PHR OUNCE le. 7D. PER LB. TIN; Ss. PER LB. T. sup,)w & WHOLEgALE AND RETAIL CIGPiR MERCHANTS. 15, WINWICIi ST, & 65, BUTIERAARBET ST, TELEPHONE 414 Y. WARRINGTON.

1,6 A 4 AGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. MEMEL MARE, WARRANTED, POST FREE 2s. 6d., as., O. 6D., AND 55. SD J. O. DODO. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. Made And Ground By English Labour.

BURN your Garden and Ho'lBo3°l4 rubbish in one of our Patent Destructors.6—Hon.eF J LL DFSTRUCTors Co., LTD. Spence Lane, Leeds.

I AND 2.. 6d. packet seeds. Pants le. doz. perennial / - Broccoli. sto 9 heads; grv.rs years. Photo and des- cription —HEATIFFIELDa. Pordhari, Ho sPx.

THE PRETTIEST PLANT on Earth, the ti.mlncan Fue bile; always In full bloom. In I ower ten months out of twelve; quite hardy ; two Is. 6d.5 four 2s. 61" post free.— T. U. MLDDEN Ballvmurrv, Rose,,semon, Ireland.

BRAUTIPUL Carpet-like LAW IS produced by Williams Premier Lawn Grass-Seed , Is. 6d per lb., post free; for t.nois-courts. bowling-greene. and cricket•groonas, is 3d per lb., post free.—B. M. WILMAMR de HON. Upper Hollowav•

GI HASS SIIRDS.—If von think of sowing grass seeds for permanent or temporary pa.tures write to F. Polkard. stating pature of soil, and he %dB send you prices and advice free of charge ; mixtures from is 61. per acre.— irtuteg PoLTEARD. Seed Rxnert, cnoford, Colchester. TO Daltilf nut ilkfld atio tockkeepers, (or sale, the famous eftspaltim Grass Seed. It yields heavily, resists frosts. etc., more effeetually thin other grasses, and for fattening, or butter production is unrivalled. Price per lb. freight paid, is. 3d. for b 0 lbs. Is. per lb. per 100 lb. Small lots postage extra. •• The Cultivation of Paspalum Grass," 41. post free from B HARRISON. Burtingoar, Tweed River. Australia, N,S.W.

I OOK I ROSES, ROSES, FRUIT-TREES. SPECIAL 1J SPRING OFFER, 110S8° A SPECIALITY, 14 acres of Roses and. Fruit-trees. In all best varieties, and splendid value. All carriage odd for cash. Now is the best time to plant. 12 very best Standard Roses, 155. ; 12 [choice Half or Low Standard Roses, 13s. ; 50 very best Dwarf Perpetual or Bush Roses, £1 ;25 beet ditto, 10s. ; 12 best Teas and Hybrid Teas, s. ;12 grand Perr Anal,. 6s. ; 6 very best Climbing Roses. 3.. Sd. ; 6 best assorted Rambler Roses, 3s 64. ; 6 Crimson Ramblers, ; 6 best Moss Roses, 3s. ; 6 choice assorted Yellow Roses, 3. ; 6 Gioire de Dijon's, 31. 64.; 6 Crimson or Pink M:-.thly Roses. 3e.; 12 common dweet Briars, ;12 hardy E,...,.‘een Running Roses for Rockeries, Banks, tinder-trees, et ~ 4s. 6d. ; 50 Un-named Roses of Pernetuals. Teas, Climbers, Mosses etc., assorted from best kinds, good stuff, 10., .or 255. per 100, 15 Standard Bose.. best sorts (but un-named, 'Os, 6d. ; Thousands of all test frnit-trees,of all kinds 12 str• "ig bush Apples, Pears or Plums, best sorts, fruiting trees i4s. Extra strong, 16s. 7 Dwerf-t rained or Espalier trees • above, frulting,for Walls, etc., 15s. ; bu.,b fruits of all kind Thousands of Evergreen and Flowering 6hruhs, Climoi: and Herbaceous plants, very cheep. Write for Descripth "..letalogue and cheaD lists free, " Hoses and how to grow th n" Book Post free. 41. Plant now, Established 5U ye e. JAMES WALTERS, ROSIC GROWER, MOUNT RA ;FORM h X BUM.

GREAT eLEARTiNeE SALE of Watches, Clocks, Jewellery and Plate, MILLER & eoiog 10, SANKEICSTREET;—(Opposite Trinity Church) Are now offering the whole of their stock at Bona Fide Discounts 15 to 20 per cent to clear

preparatory to putting in an entirely new and up-to-date stock. Great bargains to be had while present stocl lasts. MILLER & Co., 101 Sankeu ,(rOzty Church).osite WARRINGTON.

14121DWEN & CO., . The SMART and UP-TO-DATE TAILORS, 79, BRIDGE STREET, Warrington. NENVEST SHADES in Suitings, Trouserings and Ladies' Costume Cloths. All Garments built entirely to order by our own tailors and we guarantee entire satisfaction. The American square shoulder and unbreakable coat fronts our speciality. As an advertisement an extra pair of Trousers will be given with all Suits for a short time only. SEE WINDOWS.

SPRING eLEANING. DO YOU REQUIRE NEW CARPETS? BLINDS? CURTAINS? PAY A VISIT TO J. M. Greenhalgh & eo. Ltd. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

McDOWELLS, LIMITED. EVERYTHING IN THE COACH AND MOTOR TRADE AT MANUFACTURERS PRICES. ANY CHASSIS QUOTED FOR. REPAIRS AND RENOVATIONS. EXPERT ENGINEER. AGENTS—FORD 15 H.P. £152 ss. MOSELEY'S PERFECT DETACHABLE TRYES. TELEPHONE 409 X RYLANDS ST., WARRINGTON.

- - THE SPOT SHOE). -. M Mar • 3eQr • OIGrIETL. FURNISHING IRONMONGER, GENERAL HA.RDWAREMAN, SMALLWARE, FANCY GOODS. Garden Tools, Spades, Forks, etc., FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON, POSTAL ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.

CENTRAL FURNISHING

HOUSES COMPLETELY FURNISHED FROM £lO

millionaires, in living up to his deliverances, but even he, after giving away millions upon millions, does not propose to try again the advantages of poverty. All the warnings of the millionaires will however, have but little effect, and will not lessen one jot the striving of ' those anxious to assume the burdens of which they complain. . Big-Game Sportswomen.—Lady Minto, and Lady Eileen Elliot, the wife and daughter of the Viceroy of India, are the latest recruits to the band of adventurous sportswomen who have distineuished themselves by shooting big game. There would appear to be no lack of sport in that country, although it is supposed to be over-run with sportsmen, for out of four tigers killed in one afternoon, Lady alinto and her daughter each accounted for one. Among the big-game sportswomen Lady Constance Stewart-Richardson, the sister of the Countess of Cromartie, is reported to have shot most lions, bears and tigers,which she has sought at one time or another in the jungles of Asia, Africa, and America. The Duchess of Newcastle has also been on similar expeditions, whilst Lady Delamere, and Lady Hindly both spent their honeymoons on big game shoots in East Africa. Nowadays it is by no means uncommon for women to accompany their husbands on such ex- peditions, for which of course special outfits are neces- sary. This is usually of a semi-masculine character, but is kept as light in weight as possible, so as to be easily carried. Making Ones Own Dress Materials.—Undertaking ones own spinning and weaving at home may be all very well as a recreation, but apart from this point of view they can hardly be recommended as profitable employ- ments. The home worker, as a rule finds it as much as she can do to make her own clothes, without making the materials also. Still, if one has plenty of time, we are told by Miss Constance Smedley that it is possible for the amateur to obtain practical and gratifying results with a small handloom, such as one sees in nearly all the cottage homes of Sweden. Such a loom will allow of the making of a dress piece of 2d yards, of a width of 25 inches, and it can be utilised for the making of towels, household linen, and furniture hang- ings. Some technical knowledge is no doubt required, and this can usually be obtained at the Technical and Art Schools, but it is said that some workers are able with little instruction to conquer all the difficulties of hand-lnom weaving. Going to Extremes.—Both tailors and dressmakers in Paris and Vienna have been running to extremes lately in the matter of seams. The former have been using the scissors in the most extravagant manner upon the building fabrics entrusted to their care, while the latter having been priding themselves upon building a coat

WOMEN'S CHAT. iijeloYal Wedding Gifts.—Presents from Royalty were rally showered upon Captain Godfrey Famsett, I:ol,rrY to the Prince of Wales, and Miss Eugenie Itog'eY Ward, whose marriage took place at the Chapel Yal St James's, last week. Very frequently the - wa vos,esti and Princesses give a piece of their own work, t""tch needless to say, is greatly prized by the fortunate :fc'Dients, but on this occasion Princess Louise Augusta ,Schleswig-Holstein stood alone in this respect. The bLiscess's gift consisted of a set of enamel waistcoat 'dons, fashioned by her own hands. As a worker in Paniels, Princess Louise Augusta is one of. the finest tihving exponents, her best piece of work perhaps being a Wonderful enamelled cross which stands in the „Itthedral at Pretoria, in memory of her brother, Prince k,bristian Victor. A Bringing Trouble on the Tnnocent.—One of the sad- ils,at features of the Thaw trial, and also that of Lord Nevill, is the distress and agony of mind in Veil one mm's act involves others. Whatever may be lunught of Thaw and his wife, his father bore an ei)noured name, and nothing but sympathy can be felt those members of the family whom he has brought ,7rible trouble, including the Countess of Yarmouth, "u 0 has married into one of the most respected of our, ble families. So also is it in the case of Lord Nevill, who for the second time in his life was laa,t week sentenced to a term of imprisonment for J°aining money by devices which are the resort of the ,11unon and vulgar thief. Lord William is the fourth :1:1 et the aged Marquis of Abergavenny, and no family i‘eupies a 'prouder position in the peerage than the th."vllla—the King maker's house. Yet its name is va„r4ged in the dust by the man whose wedding in 1889 a daughter of the Marquis de Santwice, was Q 1:• 4 -sided by the Ring—then Prince of Wales, and all the t° tof fashionable society. if 112517.13 V Milliopaires.—According to Mr. Carnegie, Thil°l? see a man latiehing we may be sure he is not a and lonaire. Mr. Carneeie has been both poor and rich, it leads us to believe that of these two misfortunes, attia better to be poor. There is little in wealth he prZt,bat can add to happiness, and although this is rinena°l37 true, it is to be feared that people will remain 11111,;011vinced so long as the rich retain their riches. seiv4V7llen say that they do not care for money them- that they are driven to become a wretched won;-'44re owing to the ambition and demands of their life—,e2n folk. A woman they say, has no idea of enjoying libm,",thout money, and therefore they put all the blame Or. Mr. Carnegie is an exception among the

Lack of Flesh. Wasting Diseases. Wrecked Nerves. Spinal Paralysis ' Paralysis of Nerves. Pinaemia. Heart Weakness. Indigestion. St. Vitus' Dance. Mal-Nutrition. Weak Lungs Organic Weakness. Kidney Weakness. Defective Nourishment Nerve Pains. It, ehildren. and all diseases arising from physical and nerve exhaustion. They are just the Tablet for jaded, weak, or run-down constitutions, and are as safe and sure as they are pare and effective. Get your supply to-day. Of all chemists, or post free from the,Dr. Cassell's Co., Ltd., King-street West Manchester. Advice free by letter. TRIAL BOX 'I (4d Regular Size 2/9.

Ar - 1 - , -9. , THE NEW e., FLESH-FORMER & STRENGTHENER ' ..'

S• • • • • • .. • • , „ , , . • • • . • I'4l, • • • • .., :L7

- • •.•.: . • . .. • .• • • • :: : . •: • :.• • : • • . : . • : TA4i, ^ . 4:

FREE SAMPLE BOX. If you will out out this coupon and send it with your name and address and two stamps for packihg and postage to Dr. Cassell's Co., Ltd., King-street W. Manchesterl a sample box of tablets will be sent you at once. Warrington Examiner; April 200. 1907.

. %, • .44., A " /../ ' 1 ' / ' ' -C. ( Ay/1 ,iiy% li lit:11110 Ilk ' Ili' i 1/4411114 /lir 1;;J ll'i / 14 /11111[ 110 k ilk / 1 // 411111.111114 lit iPi 11 / /ilk 1 1,11, 11,7 If/ ,t /

Four young men entered the room of the cashier of St. Petersburg on Tuesday, and, threatening the cashier and his assistant with revolvers, they stole £2OO and decamped. Germany is to send a liner to Dover on May 26 to convey to the Fatherland a number of British editors and journalists. This invitation is in recognition of British hospitality to German editors.

ST. HELENS HOTEL RAID. Thomas Andrew Pruett was charged at St. Helens on Monday with stealing £2O worth of jewellery, &c., from the Saddle Hotel, Westfield-street, on Saturday night last. The Chief Constable said that at seven " o'clock on Saturday night the articles were seen safe. Later Mr. Berry discovered the fact that a robbery had been committed. and Impector Dunn and Detective Roe traced the theft to the prisoner, and effected his arrest while be bad most of the stolen property in his possession. Mr. Berry said that prisoner was in the house on Saturday morning, and treated some men and told them that be had come from Wales to take up a position under an uncle at one of the collieries. He ' inquired if he could get lodgings in the neighbourhood. At seven o'clock in the evening prisoner went to the house again, and was served by Richard Savage. Later Savage saw prisoner coming downstairs, when he dis- armed supicion by saying, "Oh, I seo there is no billiards to-night. Detective-inspector Dunn said he found prisoner at his wife's house in Rigby-street on Sunday !morning with the stolen watches, &c., in his pockets, and Detective Roe took him to the Town Hall where Pruett said. "I done it wilfully, and you have got all the stuff." Pruett had been living at Wigan for some time apart from his wife. He had a record of twelve convictions, three for similar offences. The bench sent him to goal for six months' hard labour. Two workmen while cleaning furnaces in the cellars of the gas retorts at Llanelly on Tuesday were found dead from suffocation by gas fumes. The Prime:Mini4ter announced on Tuesday evening, in reply to a question, that he is not yet in a position to state when the Licensing Bill will be introduced. '

Constant , COUgalling Destroys the Tissues of the Lungs and makes them sore and weak. VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE immediately subdues a cold, however severe, eases a cough instantly, and heals the mucus surface of the breathing passages It soothes the inflamed membrane, and eradicates the catarrhal mucus, and in so doing, takes the soreness out of the throat and chest. Its delightful balsamic propertills are most gratifying. Nothing could be better and safer for children's coughs, and to the sufferer from chronic chest :diseases it is a complete revelation. Relief comes instantly, and a permanent cure follows. MRS. WESLEY, PETTY COTTINGHAM. HARROGATE, writes —VEN O'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE should be in every household. I have always had it available for several years past. 3 have never known it to fail. It acts like magic; it is rightly named "THE LIGHTNING COUGH CURE." It deserves to be known everywhere. To try it , once is to prize it al,ays. - ASK FOR ENDS LIGHTNINS COUGH CURE The purest and most efficient Remedy 4A:114, procurable for .1,,e44; Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma. Catarrh, Weak Lungs & Children's Coughs. Sid., 1/1k and 2/9 t er bottle. .4/ a:: Chonists and Drug Stores evervulhare.

GARTONS Improved Breed of Large YELLOW GLOBE MANGEL IS THE%BEST IN CULTIVATION PRODUCED IN 1906 951 TONS per acre Pi-ice 1/3:per lb. 130 - per cwt. Other Sortsifrom 6ch per lb. SEED EXPERTS, Warrington.

ROYAL BEI BATHING 110PITAL MARGATE, —Bede : Adutte. 7J; Children. 80. Persons afflicted with early tuberculous Disease of the Hip, Spine, Bones. Joints, alands, Ac., should seek admission to this Hospital which has special advantages for treating Tuberculous Disease.—Apply to A NASH, SECRETARY, 13, CHARING CROSS, LONDON.

BLAOKPOOL . —APAREKICNIS, public or privste ; ten doors from Promenade.—Mrs. GRATTIDGE, 20, St, Chad's rd., bouth Shore.

HOLIDAY CAMPlNG.—Healtheries, Rothesay ; novel, social, delightful, Inexpensive; guinea per week. Illustrated Prospectus free.

- I,?LACKPOOL.—Comfortable private and public APART- MENTS ; central; near prom., station, and amuse- ments.—Mrs. Heim, 51, Albert rd.

BLACKPOOL —APARTMBNTE3 with o! without board. One minute from Central Station and sea. Terms moderate.-31his BLEAKLEY, 13, Vance rd. XTORTH WALBS. —APAR rIkiHNTS or food B.iarding 11 Lovely scenery. Mountain and sea air; terms moder- ase.—LowE, Summerhill, Dyserth, near Rhyl.

I LANDUDNO —Liberty isaster, 3 bedrooms, sitting-room; ILI' terms moderate; near Pier, Happy Valley, Promenade. —THOMAS, Bryn-Teg, Hill Terrane, Llandudno.

00LB, near outhport:— APAR INIHNTS, with or with- out board ; bracing country and Bea air ; fishing.— IitIELLoR, Poultry Farmer, Vail( Cottage, Hoole.

I WELLS— 49, Moles st.—Comforiable APARTMENTS for 1 1 visitors ; select ; central ; moderate; day or week ; with or without boatd.—Mr, UEORGE SEYNtoUR. HOSE MORAN GLESSY .—Comfortable A PART M ENTS, lA/ good cooking. River, lake, sea (5 minutes). Golf, boating, bathing, fishing.— Mrs. HoLICER, Pantiles. DOCTOR, married, receives patients in his ber utiful house on the south coast; terms moderate.—' Hx.t.LTH,' do Jones, Stationess, 98, Goldstone Viila6, Hove. Sussex.

H OLYHISA.D.-FUttfildHrill HOUdil or APAit'IMISSIS. . on the seashore ; quiet place; very healthy; good rie!vs.—Apply Devote, Greenbank, tiolyheal, Anglesey.

1V OhTH WALhS. Furnialled APARnitiNTS, Sitting and 11 Bedroom; splendid scenery, valley of oevern, by station; Urals moderate.—B. T. HUMPHREYS, Abermule.

CIOLWYS BAY.—Paying guests received, or Apartments li with attendance. Well situate.' near station, sea and woods, Large rooms.—Misa 0.. W ynchmore. Lawson rd.

DOUGLAS.—Comfortable Holiday PRIM .6 IS at Misses Cuescato, Bridgeton House, 40, Victoria rd., Douglas, 1.0. M. Terms moderate. Highly recommended, MOREUANIBE —WELL FUENISHED VILLA ; month or longr ; 2 entertaining, 4 bed rooms, bath ; coach. house, stablin,/ ; electric light.—Ns. SCOTT, Greta Bank, Morecambe. W IL

ETIELBD PriIirSICIAN. successful in trsatment for (laces- lA, sive iodulgence, will receive two ladies (his own country home) ;teruas thrce Ruin: as ; highest references --PHYsillourr Oak House, Avenue rd., Leicester.

1&MBLI& MLNIL EGINNHILING SC,WOL, Putati, gives private lessons by post.—Mining, Machinery, Geology, Arithmetic, hlectricity, surveying.— Yrospectus tree.

SHUV'MODEiIiki, with House, wanien tor (*weary ,Drapery in email town.—DlNm; Witham, Elam SMELUT BOY WASTUD.—AppIy JOHN HESKETH, Hone and 3ign Fa'nter. Goinorne at., Warrington.

, GENTS WANTED, for quick-selling office specialty. gamble Iree.--Squme, 74, Fleet IL., Loudon, I) &PRESENTATIVE, sole agency for this district Vacant write—STAem & Co. 128, Bromley rd., ()Word. London.

IifiITLEMAN Wanted as Diatriet itepreaentative. intro clueing speciality to ilorse-keepers.—DUsia. Co.. Bamp- ton, Oxon. WANTBD, good steady MAN able to do any farm work. Live Btiosnutlnal, Verdon Farm, Wilmslow. Cheshire.

ANTlill an APPEdTICIC to the Painting and VT D,corating Busiuese.—Apply F. J. LELL,Ii 9, Church at., Warrington

and trustworthy LAlllftS required to canvass and deliver. Uood wages.—Write PlitCE, Tea Merchants, Wigan. 1-10130b113 TAX OLAlMB,—Accounte prepared for Abate- ments Or Exemption by NEwaLL, tiARROP A Glsiax, 17, Dale at., LiverpoJl.

)(out° couple wish to adopt heattny baby girl, from birth.—Write Mrs ArinnEwEs. el., 42. Tower Bridge rd.. (ild Kent rd.. London. '1.4) RIBLOYMISNi for energetic pe:Bons ; own neighbour- hood ; good remuneration ; send btauip. k•ETERS, 58 B,,echwood, Hornsey.

AEIIitiIISCIABLisI Phli3ON offers a good 11011,113 TO BABY. kremium or monthiy payments.—Apply L., " Examiner " Office. Warrington ANTISD pe-:sou to derVe fl BLOp ; (rye 10 ; reference required. Also girl to ,earn dressmaking, part house. work —92, I oxDoN liD, Msneliester.

A GlibiT WANTBD everywhere to aell cn commission Dieinfectant, Veterinary and Sheep Dip Fluids.— Apply THE RUNNELS, Last Derehr.m.

A PeIiISINITICIC TU CONINSUIIONERY.—Young La-ly, to Li live ID ; DO premium ; good hoinc.--SurcLIFFE, The Crescent, St. Annes-on-lht-Sea. Lancs.

ADOPILON.—HOMAI eftered to respectable CHILD from birth or otherwise, with suitable terms.—Mrs. Bstira, 14 Ststion rd., Liverpool 1,1.. Patricroft.

WANTRD for experiment a EikiCOND-HAND SALT CAKP VOL 5 to 8 feet and cover, or a Cast Iron GMII3 Retort.—THoicks Jointsox. Prescott st.,

WANTI:II.), two good OF MILK; beet prices given tor early miik ; we,kly ptyments.—ALDEHNEY D &MY. LTD., 97, North 'lngle, Klrkdale, Liverpool.

WANTEtI.), Old Gold, Silver, Jewellery. Watches, Plate, Teeth, Coins, 'rectal.; lull market value given ; cash offer by return post.—D.usigt., 98. High at , Tunetall, Staff.

ULD .1111IFICIAL THI4III BOUGHT; bigthe!‘t pace bent per return pobt ; banker' reference h &aired ; cal or B6n—RIPtCL&L LETII DEPOT, 68, Old Park lane, Southport.

QURIINLANt. GOVDRISMIIN offer experienced FARM HANDS (married and eingle.)Free passages Permanent employment guaranteed.—Agent : WEIGHT. 26, Watergate st., 'Jhester.

LAUY withouL encumbrance KE WOULD LI TO 1114.V8 HEALTHY BABY. Entire surrender req..tested. flood borne, every comfort. Premium £l5. Write ISDALE, 60, lilington. Liverpool.

Hardcastle wishes t,) re2ommend bis kJ second-gardener, nine years' experience inside and out; aged 24. three years in present situation.—WlLLlsit iDorrox. The Lure's, Alsa3er.

ANTHD COWMAN; must be a goo' miler; good cottage and garden doze to work, with 2 acres of land If required ; reference required from last aituation.—Apply blirEwlN,Otapleford. Tarporley.

ANTBD. CABINNIMAKHRS, :IAtiVNItS, ani CsfA.Zia AKfilib before accepting job a :n Manchester and district to write the Loca.L BECRETAICY, at 6, Benson 6t , Bury New rd., Manchester.

k t.DY moTomir WANTS SITUATION to drive oarlA ; caretul driver. able to do raursing repaira ; any pelsrol car ; willing to be useful ; moderate wages.--ii. ii/N3&LL, 3, Frederick at.. Si uth Shore, Blackpool.

rIANADta. Do you want work ? We want Agricilturiats. tj Dome.tios, hallway Labourer., and on :maim immedi- ate employment at high wages. &Amp for particulars. BDITLIIRS ~PSOCLITIoN, 1. Crossli‘ll st.. Liverpool.

LL) VALbB ciAISTH.—We give highest possible prices for kJ above. Offers miide,and if mot noorpted teeth returned. Dealers /60 in Old Gold or Silver in any form. Bankers's referenees.—WootrALb nxn (Jo. , Birkdale. Southport.

()NTAltlf). the principal Province of Oauada, offers moat favcurablo upportunitlies to strong young Men and others nedrons of engaging in Farm Work. Female Domestics in great dearianti at high wages. For particulars apply Obaramo 0011111110111112 Asiiscr,7, James St.,LiVero,lol.

T4r NI C'KBP.S !Kt&CIERS 11 KR ACIEHRti ! I Best poseible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle Prompt re'rcval ou the shortest notice any diskance up to 16 miles - JAYKS TOOLE AND SONS LTD.. Manure ktanu- facturers, Longford Works, Warringtcn. Telegrtuns, ooie Longford Works, Telephone 299,

AGISNIS Required by the IMPERIAL ACCIDENT, Ac„ INAJRANCE Co., Ltd., listd. 18f8. Capital £ICO,OOO. Departments :—PersonAl Accidents ; Employet's Liability for Accidents to Domestic bervaubs, Clerks and 5, op Assistants ; Carriage, Motor it Driving Accidents ; &weary and Plate Glass ; Horse and Cattle Insurance. Claims paid £350,000. Lioeral terms allowed.—Addrtss, Ilibaufasa, 17, Pall Mall East. Loudon. S.W.

DRINTS. Views, klapitilB from S. Wales —Sold by H. -1- Waco/Alcorn, 6 Bally et., Brynmawr, S. Wales. ABGB QUANTITY WIRE ROPE, £3 ton, makes excel- -I_4 lent fencing.—Bßowx, 10. Beech et., Liverpool.

, OUR Intended's Photograph. Marriage. Send age, 13 1.. stamps.— ASTRoLOGEB,' t. 6, Queen's rd., Upton Park. 100 IVORY VISITING CARDS; ladies'. Is. 6d.; gents'. Is.—ARCADE CARD WORK% 4d, High et., Southend.

~11.1,3.1ZT Newspaper Advertisements Writlen ; moderate 0 charges ; state requirements.—A. T. LITTLE, Lyndhurst, Airdrie, bcotiand.

LIOUNTAIN PEN.—A. perfect writing instrument. A J marvel of cheapness.-18., post free from Wotan LEWIS, stationer. Norwich.

T RON ROOFS, Sheds and Buildings for all purposes; 1 designs and estimates free.—WAHDLE .t CO., Derby at. Works, Cheatham. Manchester.

SLI BEAUTIFUL UOLOU/Lliti CAD, directly addressed from Hungary, for is. In stamps.—Gazs. ?nuns% Budapest VI., Feleo lirdosor 11. -

L,LA,TIO tiTOOKING4 2s. 6d., Leggings 2s. 3c1., Knee-- CI caps 2s. each ; measurement form free. —llEw BRITISH RUBBED Co., Lord et., Southport.

SKIM FOR PAITRRNS.—VoiIes Muslins, Zephyrs, Cashmere, Dress and Blouse materials.—WEJE & Co., Hulme Place, Salford Manchester. ULASTIO 13TOCRINGS. 2s. 6d.; Knee-Cape, 2s Buspen- E 4 sary Bandages. la. each from Manufacturer—W. H. MADDOCK, Alfred et, South. Nottingham.

BBAUTIFUL up-to—date Pictorial Postcards, assorted designs, 25, 7d. ; 50, Is. ; post free. Remarkable value --livAnrs' Stationery Stores, If anley.

POSTOAILD, 24 Classical Viotorial Postoards,linglish and foreign views, &c., 7d. samples 2d. post free.— NOVELTY Moues. 19 Brackenbury at., Preston.

TATTOOING permanently removed. Solvtlon ls. Designs, A inks, colours, needles, outfits sold. Lists, stamp.— BROADBENT. T.toOist. Central rd., Plymouth.

LliA&tali GOODS (Special), Id. and 61d.—Greatest variety I) and value in the trade.—SALMON &MATTI:LEM/UN, Ltd. Plough Buildings, Gloucester at., Birmingham.

/ IHAS. WROX. HbQ.. being friends with several owners of kJ racers, has at times information that will do • good.' Terms 2s 6d per day. —73 CAPTAIN ST., Bradford.

lc OINIMBNT " for Dogs, Cate. Rabbits I. Cures skin diseases and eruptions; Is. is!. and 2.7 d. free. —L. liesn't, 14. Upper rountaine et , Leeds.

QPLIINDID CLARRIT, Vintage 1903. —Guaranteed pure. 1./ sd. per pint ; samples, 4 stamps. Agents wanted.— LASIUSYLAND, 30. Adelaide rd., Shepherd's Bush, London. FRSH TRIAL SHLBOTION —Before receiving racing information elsewhere, send stamped address for grand special. Genuine gem .—RENRY, Cottage Grove, Surblton.

EINGLISEI CIIHST-CHIN& (Best), Isle of Wight. south- LA sea, roam &c.; choice designs. 60., 84d., 100. —Particulars, OGDEII, 183. a, Commercial rd., Portsmouth.

PRSSIINTATION Chronograph Stop Watch and Chtin,lB3. cased, 12s. 6d. a marvel; satisfaction guaranteed,- 0 DOUGLAS. 71, Kimberley Gardens, Harriagny, London.

rimiti LOOOMOTIVti,' containing 1030 illustrations of loc ,motives and train., post free, 26. 6d.—THE Loco- MOTIVE PDBLPHIFG Co.. LTD., 3 Amen Corner,London,B4O.

11./CREASE YOUR INCOME! BY TRADING.—Send for William Cotton's 55, parcel of Jewellery. Hosiery, Lace, Haberdashery, Overalls. —WEEKDAY Cam, Nottingham. Established 1848.

G RAVEL! GRAVEL GRAVEL 1-Bpar GraveLchippings, macadam for drives and walks, 'Rookery stone, Sto. Quotations to any station. —Roßnrr W. litt.unt, al, Coal Exchange. Chester Telez,hone 73.

BIIHONOGRAPHS.—Lateet Model Bxoelslore,' solid Oak 1 Cabinet, Flower Horn, Improved Reproducer. and 12 le. Records sent, carriage paid, for £2 28.—Ho'mous it Co., Ortmophone Stores, Poplar, London, B.

A LL respectanle tillatloners sell " PIOEISTCEL." the Mead .n. Marking Ink for all fabrics ; needs no beating. shaking or waiting. Large bottled 6d. and Is. or poat free from liPPINGToy'S (Dept. H), " Pioneer " Works, Borough.

LACH CURTAINS, Is. 80. pair, 2i yards long ; 3s. I Id. pair. 3 yards long 50 inches wide ; 3s. 7d. pair. 3 yards long 54 inches wide ; 4s. 94d. pair, 3 yards long BO inches wide.—H EMIT 8c Co., 13 Paternoster Row, London. H.C.

L!PECItt.L OPPlitt IN PIO vURN POST-CARD ALBUMS. CI esorted colours, size 15z9 in., contain 250 Handsome limb-need Covers, 13 2d. each ; post free 13. 61.—Send P.O. to BENTLEY & BAKER, 108, Southfield rd., Acton, London.

ToB Line of Trousers Presses, guaranteed strong and Pi serviceable ; they make old trousers look like new ones; carriage paid. se. 9d. ; usual price 10s. 6d. ; only a few left. —YOUNG & LUKER, 41, OsAtle it. East, Oxford st., London,W.

D.I.INTERS AND FLUMEIHRS' FILO Ar-LAMPS.—FuII L siz benzoline. 10s• 6d. (with fittings) ; extra powerful paraffin torch, 13s. 64 ; best qwedish make ; cash with order, carrbige DllNcsar. 84. Westfield rd., King's Heath.

9 t:ILK UMBRELLA, Ladies' or Gents', direct from 4.1/ el/ the mAnufacturers ; thousand s )1d yearly ; money LOT returned If not satisfied.—J, B BARICMit LTD., FREE. Umbrella Works, Sheffie'd. By appointment to Voyalt7.

TO WeiiiiiidtB of eepsrate (foliars and fronts.—Basiest 1 method of front adjustment, saves half cost of linen and laundry; send P.O. and stamp Is. Id. for method; you cannot afford to be without it.—CHABLus WILIUN, 91, Berkley Et., Liverpool.

-100118.—Why use Foreign Doors? English msde, 6fc. 6in. by 2ft. 6in. by Itin. square, ss. ; mould. 2 sides, 63. 2.1. ; soli mnuLied, ss. id. All other siaes In stock, Send builder's trade c4.rd for list.—JVCsll.lo9 & Co., 375, Pennywell rd , Bristol.

1-) C. BIAOK BEKTLYIS. Cockroaches "exterminated by I)* Blattis Union Paste. Guaranteed by H. Howarth, Req ,F Z post free la. 3d., 2e. 3e1., 4s. 6d.—HEwITT, Chemist, Sheffield, W.C. Cleared sheffield Workhouse, all other nreparitiona failed.

GRAND OLD MAN that was (Gladstone), one of I England's noblest and greatest stattsfuen ; a Bold Medallion of him in massive relief in Antique Bronze ; splendid for hall or corridor ; a pleasing and lasting memento for sale .romp.—ifowFLL, Marnle.

T IRE NAlL(Mixed), 88. 6.1. per cwt, 281b8, 28. 3d.; 44/ 1 screws. mixed, 288. per cwt, ?Blbs 78. 6d.; Wire, Cut, Wrought, and Malleable Nails Tadka, Rivet, etc., etc., wholesaie'prices.—MlDLAND NAIL WoitE, 25 to 28, Rea Bt., Brimingham, C. W. ISAYLES, Proprietor.

GOT RATS? IIP SO, USR SANFoRWI POISONS. It ends the trouble I by destroying them. Rats, Mice, Moles, &c., like it, eat It, and perish Try the remedy, yvu will be delighted with the result. Price ls. Bd. to ss, per box, of all Chemists, or SANFORD & SON, Sandy, Reds.

RUBBRIt GOODS and every description of hurdles' and Domestic Appliances at half usual prices ; valuable Information and illustrated list free ; tour splendid samples is., or ten assortea 2s. 6d. (worth ss).—W. B. DOREAN & Co., Manufacturers, West Norwood, London.

QUPHRFLUOUS HAIR and MOLH3.—Perfeete4 wee. 1.7 trolytis (by Mr Parke's invention) supersedes all other systems in ripidlty for perm4nent destruction. The only method which never disappoints. By appointment only— Stamped envelope to Mr. HOBART J. PAR/I, 2, Church it, bouthport.

TO BM SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The eaten—see J. Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24.420 square yards of Freehold Land, with 'siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemicsal or other works rrquiring spaee•—Address J 1.10•ZIka, 18, fenwick street, Liverpool.

Wllo'6 TOUR I.AWYHR? r haven't required nue sinoe I bought " lIVHBY NAN'S 01711 LAW Itfllt," by A Barrister, whioh has repaid Hs prloe 90 times oyez in saving lawyers' toes. Raw Rdltiow (1907) now ready, prioe 5..1id• not (postage f 51.). from OROSZY LOCKWoOD k sow, 81ationars' Hall Court, London, /LC., and Al! Booksellers.

f Milli A , BARTIiIiNWARB SBOONDS.—PLates, all sizes V) Bowls, Cups, Saucers, Jugs, Basins, Vegetable, Meat, Baking Dishes !sc. ; 100 dozen sound articles sdfely racked £3; Chapel. Church Bazaars Caterers supplied ; Assorted packages 12s. 6d. upwards. Hawkers' lerge Crates' 1,000 articles 335. 6d., cheapest in trade. Write tor tree !lats.- 1117Huit J. HULL, tiornsanot Works, Longton, Slats.

GARDBN NRTIING.—SmaII mesh, oi,ed and dressed, keeps out the smallest birds, 100 yards long. 1 yard wide, 41. ; 10.', yards long, 2 yards wide, i.; any width or length kept. Tennis borde, ing note, 25 yards long, 3 yards wide, strong line top and bottom, 7r. 6d. each ; standards for same, 10 feet high, Is. eash.—H. J. G.teltair, Garden Net Work., Rye.

'TIRADE SECRitTS. Restoring Oil Paintings It Prints, J. Is. id. each. RHOBTER.-30 Sussex Avenue, Ashford, Kent.

J' ANDOMI WLiite 6heepalan Hearthrug. unaoiled ; 10s. 6d. approval, tree.--BBEWER, 147, doutbote rd.. London.

DOYAL LONDON FIIIHNDLY SOClRTY.—Collector's book for sale.—Apply DZSMOND, 63. Angerstein rd., Portsmouth.

BILLIARD TIPS affixed by my method, licic CireatiOn. Appliances, 25.—WHITTIKER, IVO George Smith, Lam- bourn, Berks.

PROFITABLE indoor boine-work ; experience unneces- miry ; no canvassing; two stamps.—BettOitoFT, 17. Derby rd., Ipswich.

LILLIS'S ROPPRIR ROINS LIST, 1860 to 1908.—Tella year J1...11 of Issue of eains by head; post free, 3d.—ELms, 413, Oldham rd., Roehdale.

FILIE I FIRE 1 FIRE i only powder no water. Theo Fire Extinguisher. Best on market 1 Pace 12,. 6d.— LEDEBUR, Ely Place, London, W.O.

ID.—Will buy pair Magnetic dulphur Boles, cures Cramp' 2 Rheumatism. Tender Feet; comfort assured ; post free all sizes. Agents wanted.—Msit, DEPT. St. Andreulk' Works, Goole.

I,IBAL GOLD JIM ELRRY o? every description at half IA shop prices. Send for prices of what you require to : J. LANG, Manufacturing Jeweller, 44, Prescott it., Birmingham.

101) 0 TONS extra good second-band YORKSHIRN MTS. Also good Potting and Laying Sods. Can be put on rail if required.—Fsexx Joxxs, Team- owner. Old swan, Liverpool. Telephone 91.

ADIRS WRIST BAGS, 6 inch cloth. nickel plated frame J_l and chain, bankrupt stock, 1.000 to cle,r, usual price Is ; one sent post free for 9d., two ls. 3d. Write at once.— TAYLOR'S STATIONERY STORES, 91, Walworth rd.,Lonaon,S.R.

2 riENTS' ROLLED 4, old Keyless Hunter, bargains, kJ- very handsome, 10s. 6d. post free ; 1 a bargain. for ladles, Lade. rolled gold watch, 1 Keyless with long chain, for gents. very pretty. 10s. 6d. post free. WiLIERR & Co., Victoria it., Liverpool.

*ouoesS anb tanb on gpale.

FOR SALL—Pour Leasehold HOUdB/3, with ground for four more. Gross rental ,E4B 2s. Purchaser can have benefit of Starr Bowket mortgage. For particulars apply J. Brom 13 Luton et., Widnes.

ON SALB, FOUR good OOTTAGRa in Winifred -street, Lower Ice, Wigan, Nos. 19, 21. 23 and 25 • three bed- rooms, parlour and gardens. Close to Oreat &rand Rail- way btation.—Apply 17, WINIFRED EIT., Lower ince, near Wigan.

ItTOTICII,—To Bli LIT, or SOLD, a Splendid 8-roomel .1.1 HOUBII, with bath, hot and cold water. If Purchased, Pay a Deposit. and an AVILIAWI Payment of be. Per Week will Comp;ete the Purchase. BouLToN BIsHoP, Clifton House, Lovely lane, Wartington.

IVOTIOIi TO FARMERS AND BIOS 11 operated on standing; eight years' practical experience; never lost a coIt.—WILLEY, Tabley Brook, Knutsford.

O BALB Wlll,Bll BAY COB, 13-2. 7 years. Quiet to kJ ride and drive. Paso anytbing. Would suit isay. Psir WELL—Apply J. RICLANCE, 82 and 84 Ellesmere rd., Pemberton, Wigan.

(1N SALE a strong MARH 15i bands, suit coal dealer, £l2. k.. 1 Three Greengrocer's Carts, £3 each, one pony cart £l. One glass—sided Ile%rse in good order £5. a quantity of pony-cart wheels and axles. A Furniture Waggon, £lO must sell. /Loom wanted.—Apply 79. WAEni LA irg, Latchford,

'THE MISSES SUTTON will :receive PUPILS for PIANOPO Ea% SINGING and VOICE; PRODUCTION at the Winmarleigh Café, Sankey-street. Terms on applica- tion.

'II4INOR COLLEGE. KENILWORTH. A Young lady can be received on halt terms if willing to study for Oxford Local or Music Bxaminations and help with games. drilling etc. Bracing air, home comforts.

WIA.NKBY ROUSH SCHOOL, HOYLAKE, 01111SHIRR—Principais Miss °HAYMAN and Miss GREEN. Education on best modern lines. Preparation for Examinations. Resident Foreign Governess. Next term begins May Bth.

KIRK FIEL NEWT-ON-WC-WILLOWS.— BOARDING and DAY 30E100L FOR GIRLS; Boys received up to ten years of age. Summer term begins April Bth. at 2 o'clock. A full term's notice required before the removal of a pupil.—Principals: Miss fa. HARTLRY and miss M. L. PHUK.

4„.IOI3ThPOHP MODEHN CF_IOOL.—AN IDEAL k...Y SCHOOL FOR BOYS. First-class elucstion, good home, and healthy swrroundings, Swimming, Gymnastics, Cadet Company, and Rifle Range. Foreign boys received. Usually full. Prospectus from PRINCIPAL.

ST(ICKTON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTON HEATH,WARRINGI ON (3 minutes from Car Terminus) DAY AND BOARDING SCHOOL Foil GIRLS, KINDERGARTEN. PREPARATORY SCHOOL FOR BOW. Large House, extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses Great successes in Examinations. PROSPECTUS, References and Views on application to THR MISSES PARTINGTON, PRINCIPALS.

ITiebtral

CIORINS cured by new Method, Formula of prominent phyalcian ; Bend 73.-14. Roam, JUL, 22, Martin ot., ViymouoM.

IHRTAIN OOrtIT OURH.--Genuine old-faahloneJ recipe for speedy removal of corns; post free, 1.8.--GRocxurr, 87, Boncburch st., Leicester.

MO MORE GLY 11AND$.—• Creme Velour' whitens ii and &menses the size ; puce Is. 6d, and Zs. 6d.--41Ma, GARWAI. 31 Edgware rd., London.

KALMAH for liozema.— tictentlflo Itemeay ; cures obeli- nate oases ; bottles, post free, ls 3d and is T buToLrizz. 2 Lord st, Bacup, Lancashire. A DVICB LO TRH BLIIBPLBSB.—Take the Reliable CX. Sleeping Powders; safe and certain; is lid per packet post frec—FARBANIV, Chemist, Orpington, gent.

VISTAB. 1859.—Hulme's • Best Female Pills are sold in .12.4 boxes, is. id., 21 91 ; extra 4s. dd., useful and instrucilTe booklet post free.—liimarae,Chemlst,Nottingham

A TRIAL .BOTTLE OF ' 110NA.H s'ILLS,' are the surest LI cure for nervous ills. lonati Nerve Pills, post free, Is. BTarms ILZIIIID2 CO., 12, Little Newport it., London. I.2STABLIBTIND 1150.—Hulmes " MIST FOULS PILLS' are sold in boxes Is. 10., 2s. 9d. ; extra 41. ed theta', and instructive booklet post free.—kluiam, °hornless/ bloibinwham.

2/()• Latlidt G rice InAgL ,BrOeyr Lo haaclrri oef or, whichpv relyg paid specialiet. one guinea; ono bottle will convinoe.— MAyza, 9, Green rd., tionthsea.

LIXQUIBIII Complexions are produced by ushag 'Baron de 1% Ninon. It renders the skin clear, childlike and pre- vents hairy growth. Three tablets, is. 31. Edgware rd., London.

COMPLRXIOII PILLt3. ID EMOTE pimples, blotches, redness, ant roughness, It rendering the skin sort, smooth, clear and healthy. A small pill easy to take. Send Bid. starnps.—Flumcsa, 41, Third Avenue, Queen's Park, London.

the new Tnchup f.otions for the Hair and Skin at IL beautiful Comi.larion which defies detection; reuaw, the colour of your hair, is. ltd. and 2s. 9d.—Mrs. o,Highbrake Terrace, Huncost, near Accrington.

QTBRILII If : Its Causes and Curative Treat- -1,3 munt. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women. A new ed.tion just published. Post free 3s. 9d., London.—SHELLEy Co., LTD., 38, Graeechutoh et.

GGS.—iloudans, Cook's strain, Perfect specimens. Excellent Ihyers• 2s, 6d. doz.—S. BUTLER, Higher Grange. Ellesmere, Salop.

PBUFP OPING tON COOKREEHL, prize pakents, Holmes' R strain, very even colour, 9 months, 21... WALTER PRATT. Caton, LanOlater.

POLACK Minorca 10(443 for Bitting; utility purp )ses ; no _LI better stock living ; 3s doz. ; unlimite 1 grass run.— PHILIP HINDE, Sandiway, Northwich

EGGS.—FRESH WEEKLY, ls. dozen, carriage paid on two dozsa. White Orpington Sittings, 2.. 6d.— GRIFFITHS, Newton Villa, Baschurch. EG;46.—Frorn Pure BLA9K SPANISH. 3s. 64. per sitting. Fine old English Golden Pheasant Fowl 34 per sitting.— T. DiNsaa.E. Kirkby Lonsdale.

HOODAN-MINOMJA Utility Eggs Best neying -strain In Kent 4s. 64. a dozen. csrriage free.—WlLL A. PAGE Five Oaks F.rtn, Warren et., Lenham. Kent.

LIOWL CORN, 7e. 6f1., 10s. 6c1., 12e. 6d. 230155. ; Pig Food, 1: 7e. Bd. and Poultry Meal, 88. and 10a. per 2001bs,— ROCHE AND CO 15. Goree piazzas. Liverpool. Mention paper.

UGC:M.—Pure oilver, s3oPen, Silver-laced, White Wpm- dottes, mated ; Bth. cockerels ; 3s. dozen ; Cook's and Hunter's strains.—Os, Oakftelds, lidgbold, Shrewsbury.

OGS from flrbt-clatis pens of White Buff aud Black LI Orpingtons, also White Leghorns, 4s. 6d. per sitting ; inspection invited. -IioBINSOA, Poultryman, Lathom Park. Ormskirk.

14 GEN ft:om PHDIGRBB WEI WYANDOTTBS. 4e.; A also from Black Leghorn, White Leghora. and Red- cap pens, 3e. per dozen ; all birds trap nested.—tiAmatteort, Poultry Farm, Croft, Warrington

14' GGB FOR SITTING. from Grand Pens, Buff Orpington., _ICJ Black Minorca', Faverolles. and Brabmas, 35. dozon. Exhibition varieties kept. Send for antalogue,—BETTs,Hose- bank, Poultry Farm, Goostrev, Cheshire. IUGGS from the following breeds of high-class y oultry 1.21 Black Minoroas, Black Orpingtons,Golden Wyandotte°, Buff Rooks. White Leghorns, Indian Runners ; also Pekin Ducks 3s. per doz.—Apply Mrs. GissoN.Tarbock rd., Huyton 1.1301 AL OFFER. Pure biscuit powder for chickens, L. 135. 6d. per cwt ; Poultry Meal 12s 6d. per cwt, ; Meat Dog biscuits, 13° 61. per cwt. ; carriage paid to any part, cash With order.—WRIGHT at Co., Vulcan at., Liverpool.

tjgj HITH LKGHORN BGGS, Simian Hunters, selected Ir winter layers and extraodinary pullet breeding strain; fertile sittings delivered ; carriage paid, 2s. 64 ; no waiting. —Litowslih REYNOLDS, Crosby Garrett, Kirkby Stephen, Westmoreland.

vaas from pure WHIT!! LIU/HORNS, 2s. 6d. per dozen; XI splendid layers ; mated with cockerels hatched from. Whitaker and Tootili's famous White Leghorn eggs, El Is per sitting.— PETER WARBRICK, Mill Hill Lodge, Preesall, Poulton-le-Fylde.

h.EAD'S DRY CHICK FEED UtOR RAPID and HEALTHY GROWTH, price 12s. per 1 cwt. carriage paid ; samples free.—W. 3. HEAD, Corn Merchant. Burton-on-Trent. LIGGS FOR SITTING.—For 12 years I have done my best _Li to give satisfaction with much success an again invite inspection of the following pure breeds: Buff awl White Orpingtons, Barred Rocks, Indian (lame, Black Langshans, Partridge and w bite Wyandotte., Black, White and Brown Leghorn.. Black Minorces, Blue Andaluslans Houdans. Also Best crosses for laying and table fowl: doudan and Buff Orpington, }louden, White Loghorn, Black Leghorn and buff Orpington, all these 21. 6d. per sitting at home. If packed and put on rail, ,3s. Also Indian Runner Duck eggs, oplendid Layers 2s. 6d per doz, Fine White Aylesbury Duck eggs, 3s. per doz., all these from the very best lasing strains. Please notr the address, HENRY DRAPER 205, Newton rd. Lowton, near Newton-le-Willows, half mile from Lowton St Mary's Station,and the Trams No business done on Sunday

4\TRIMONIA.L INTRODUOTIONz.—"Ihe Isnvoy," 6d LVI, In plain envelope, published exclusively for Matri- monial adverts —LAWRENCE ARMSTRONG, Editor, 111, Clarendon Park rd. Leicester.

ot vii ATRIMONIAL TIMIS." the best and quickest intro, 13.1 dilatory medium for all desiring a matrimonial alliance ; price 6d., in sealed envelope.—Address RDIToia Robert hadford, 6. Featherstone Buildings, Holborn, W.

qiwo LANDAUS, Rani Cart, all rubber tyred and equal to 1 new. Private Omnibus.—CONNOß, Builder. Warrington. 1907 CoVIORS, 3s. Dd. ; complete Cycles, 2?. 19s. 6d; tubes is. lid ; lists free..—CYcLE WoaKs,Crowle, Doncaster.

V 1 BRUN AND WHAUWELL OYULISS, buy from me; AL save money, and get a watch FREE.--11, WooD, 21 Cauonbury Square, London. T 'GMT Single Brougham, Rubber Tyres. Light Circular- kJ front Brougham Motor, 41-oylinder Daimler, solid Tyres.—THE RaNNzDs, East Dereham.

VORMAN MOTOH OAR. 12-14 h.p 4 cylinder ; perfect 12 condition; price £230; particulars on application. "THE WILLoWs," Trafalgar rd., Moseley.

/ tiOUlt.Bd LADY'S OR CxRCiT d CYOLB. Three - years warranty; fitted with two Rim Brakes. Dunlop or other tyres. Pay balance to suit own convenience, Price £4 10s. CYOLBOUSB, 190 a, HIGH ST., WATFORD.

2 9 18s. 60. BIUYOLBS, complete with free-wheel, two roller lever brakes, plated rime, reliable tyres ; four years guar ,iatee ; soot on approval. —RED ;feces CYCLE Co., Bromsgrove et., Birmingham (Bstab. 1898.)

rptiBIi—CYOLKS. 6.5C0 guaranteed machines, new and stcond-hand, from 255. 64th; 8.3 A. and !ladies in stock : accessories at lyilf price 10L-page list free to all : wholes% e prices : eye-opener. 51 p.c. cuewer than others : agents wanted.- Ws.nittLow AND 00., Weston-super-is are.

Vs °TOMS OVERHAULED an ILEYAIRED by skiiled .1.11 Mechanics ; estimates free, distance no abject; driving and management taught. —We have several secona-hand Oars, in grand condition ; great b srgains ; call and see us, Cars Bought, Sold,and Exchanged; Cars for Hire.—SzYmoUE & Sox, Cross it., ale. Tel 96 Sale.

MOTOIt OlL,—Buy airecu from the manufacturer.; finest quality, 2s. per gallon, in 12 gallon drums, carriage paid ; 5 gallon drums :c1 per g.lla extra ; order a delivery entirely on approval ; cotton waste, sponge cloth,. &o , at lowest prices; write for list —BUTTY.RWOBTFIS, LIMITED, Department B, Motor Oil Manufacturers, Liverpool. in.H.p. Daimler; any trial; £ 45. V b-b.p. Twin h.ex, with .ide-c ; £23. 6-11. p twin R,E, with fore-car; 4 Minerva, forecar ; £lB. Rotor for Hire. 2 passengers, from les. per day. Coach-built Side Oar body, 30s. Royal Brifield Oar, New; £is. NoEmoGioN, St. James place, Liverpool. (Tel. W 6 Y Royal)

INUINt 13 tit4alN. —tlent's High—grade (A/VII2AX CYCLE. praotecally as new, not soiled, very latest machine, silver-plated rims, New Departure free-wheel and Coasting Hub, two brakes, mudguards, beautifully plated, and lined medium size frame; plated lamp, pump, bell, bag, spanner, complete ; sacrifice £4 6s• cash ; no MI6O to present owner; will send on .approval —G. litacxmotur, 8, Oxford at., Weston-Super-Mare.

IYOLB.---Blarvellous sacrifice ; Gent's new 1907 machine, kj highest grade Clincher tyres, Crabbe roller lever front and back rim braki s ; very latest; Perry's ball- bearing free-whtel ; plated rims ; coloured centres ; black enamelled and lined frame; mud-guards; magnificent machine ; not soiled ; complete, with gas lamps, bell, pump, spanner, .2c. ; £4 10s, ; great bargain ; worth double. send on approval any distance before cash stmt.—M. HOUSE, St. Madge. Pitman rd., Weston-super-Mare.

RBT..BLIBHRD 1876. FAMOUS R. & P. 1907 MODELS. FROM £6 TO £l5/15/—. CYCIASTS INSPECT THE 1.& P. - P. SPRED MODEL. For Highest-class Workmanship, Quality, and Finial), see the R. & Po H. &P. 1907 MODELS. CATALOGUIIB PRIM R. & P. R9BINSON & PRICE, D igPOT :-39, Will rEC HA FL E & Waorrak„... 1, 43, P. IBRROK.EOPL. a.OE, e J L PO L • 2162 Central. Telephone Nos. I. 2682 Royal. REPAIR9.—AII makes Renovated, Plated and Enamelled in our famous R. and P. Finish. Two and Three Bpeed Gears Fitted.

NO TROUBLE FOR IRELAND OR CYCLISTS WHO RIDE " WALTUN " CYCLES. WE ARE ACTUAL MAKERS, THEREFORE CAN SAVE lOU AGENTS' PROFITS. What Is the use of a guarantee from makers hundreds of miles away? Buy a" WALTON," made on the spot, with a STAMPED GUARANTEE. WORKS :—GREAT SANKEY„ SHOWROOM :—SANKEY (TRAM TERMINUS.)

To INVBSTORS.—Sound Investments for small or large sums of Money in the b,st Lies, Water, Coal, Iron, and Miscellaneous bhares, all quoted and having a ready market ; Shares can be bought at current prices to yield all rates from 3 per cent to 8 per cent on the money invested; full particulars, price lists, reports. ac., supplied,—State require- ments to PATON Baurxictis, Stock and Share Brokers, 3 Royal Arcade (and stock Exchange), Neweastie-ou-Tyne.

HOW TO M&Ka MONSY. 150 PER CENT. IN A SINGLE DAY. ON• TUESDAY (April 9th) we close one of onr Special Deals at a profit of 150 per cent. In all Special Deals we guarantee that the capital of a client is not lost. In the above deal clients who had £lOO invested made £l5O net profit in a single day Sisms of £5 and upwArds received. No commissions. Remit immediately. —LAURIE & VINCENT, Ntock and Share Dealers, 70 Queen et., London, 19.0. Telegrams ' Lauridom, London.'

(311ARNETTS "NEW DEPARTMENT" to suit all elames. Call and look through the new premises adjoining the old show- rooms SANKEY STREET. GA RNETT'S•

Zig Craminer *ales PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUrildS TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOU D. MIS OBLLANEOUS SALE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION. One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... Es. Od. 31. 9d. 27 ... Os. 04. ... Is. 104. ... 3s. 04 ... Is. Od. 36 ... ls. 04. ... 21. 64. ... 4s. Od. ... 6s. Cd. 45 ... le. 3d. —. 3s. ld. Is. 04. 7s. Od. 54 ... Is. 64. ... 3s. 83. ... 6s, Od. ... 10s. 04

THE EXAMINER. APRIL 20th. 1907

W. FIooGKINsoN LTD. LADIES' TAILORING. EXPERT WORK. COSTUMES FROM 3 GUINEAS. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

happiness in this life and the next, but the trustees felt that a little token of their appreciation would be agree- able to you. I have the pleasure of offering you this souvenir, and with it our best wishes for your health , and happiness, and sincere hopes that you may both be spared to continue your useful and much valued work as Master and Mistress of this excellent Institution, for many years to come. (Applause.) Mr. PARR then presented a handsome writing table to Mr. and Mrs. Rose, which had been supplied by Messrs. Robert Garnett and Sons. Mr. ROSE replied on behalf of Mrs. Rose and himself, expressed their deep gratification at the expression of confidence,and reviewed in an interesting manner the period which had elapsed since they came to Warring- ton, remarking that only three of the then trustees were now living, and stated that the presentation which had been made to them, and the kind recognition of the trustees, would be an incentive and a stimulus to them to endeavour to perform their duty in the future as in the past. NATIONAL FREE FREE CHURCH COUNCIL AND WOMEN I Mrs. Rendel Harris, whose husband (Dr. J. Rendel Harris) is president of the National Council of the 1 Evangelical Free Churches, is holding a series of Con- ventions for Women under the auspices of Free Church Councils during Dr. Rendel Harris's year of office. The meetings will include a Social Reception, Morning Devotional Meetings and afternoon Conference. In the evening meetings will be held addressed by prominent Free Church Women Workers including :—Mrs. Percy Bunting, Mrs. Herbert Lewis, Mrs. George Morgan,Mrs. Philip Snowden,Mrs. Charlotte Benham and others. All applications for particulars should be made to the head- quarters of the National Free Church Council,Memorial Hall, London, E.C.

./.. •/ f" -.4 4'.›- 4 /:410., :ff 111"3! tti'' 7 e- .• ~..... , a k' piva. , / /9, ~,, ~1,:-....,-• -1-- -91-, / ---.-, ~..f. - ...,- A , .. 0 a aL,."'''' ;'cli:s.iFiriz:z•f: A 4, .',l-:: --,,,, '',., , .6ht,s•!. ..-,4'.'''s.,::: - .i.; ~ . , ...m..,:f. !. , -... ...:*- .4 r " ~--eY: ",- -• • 7:l';'Zi.ilffilii:„:::!. -• . ;•., , ...-f :: .•`:: ''!..' •- . ''.:'?,'.::'.:•;:i.--... 4.: ~,,, _-: ~,, •:-4-41 ; .r., 1 171.:.:•Na.:Z..._;:e61^.r.' : faj.i.:11:4;47.,f:.'::::,,... . .. 10 . . 4 6 - 'PA ‘: a ~,,,,..;- - -„, ~... :.••••.„. ..4.!* eft • ‘7,, ' ''. ' ; 4'.,J.,- - _*-:' f.•':, : - '''', e 1- ~ f, , . : ............... rx:' '' , .-X ' ''''l' '4`,-''s. '''''': --, '• .4; :I:is,:•.-i* , sv-vc -. „..„.....:e-,,ii,..3:,-e- .• ' ~,I, /014.-....-... ii, Lied 1 15y Uncle 11 .. ~,, fp.,-,, .., :„.; ~„..,.., •, , %.,. , •1.--:::Ifi c.,,,,:. , ~,..-....eim-st,*-7,- ~... .. v - r , ____.....'. , ~.i.,..„ti.„,..,...4.4,...1.7.4:..,.,,... i a- lit ,1,;,, ' i •''''' jt '', '-'1,...0 '4I4N 5,7 , - dot, • . ‘,.i- ---,--.lai h -iv E

'0

" An excellent Food, admirably adapted to the wants of infants and young persons." —SIR CHARLES A. CAMERON, C. 8., M.D., Professor of Chermstry. R.C.5.1.. Medical Officer of Health for Dublin, PURVEYORS BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO H.I.M. THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA..

Dr. BAKER'S BACKACKE PELLETS Are a new remedy, which have a marvellous effect in curing Backache, Lumbago, Gout, Rheu- matism, Sciatica, and all diseases of the Kidneys, &c. If you suffer, take one pellet three times edgy, and watch the results. After a few doses you will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain of Backache &c. A Snffeter says :—." I obtained quick relief from a terrible backacbe after taking a few doses of Dr. Baker's Backache Pellets. Write at once enclosing 12 stimps for one box or 33 stamps for 3 boxes to P rice DR. BAKER'S MEDICME Co., 1/1 ?"''' C'3, NELSON SQUARE, SOUTHWARK, LONDON, S.L.

4171. , A it co I at_ te 4 If 'MILK. /WO 41•11 . ~_. -7: ' rtsilciard of-e PGPIIy:

a i hristian - ... i ~.._ Circle. . Stories: - ~ „ O THE BEST PUNT WEEKLY MIMS 1 9 PitAtdrsHED: 1 D. EvEirt SATSSDAY• 6 , . NEWS AGENTS And aoonstALLs. I 1 2 ti a : LONG STORIES by such popular Authors as: 1.4. illa3. J. B. HORTON, SYDNEY WATSON. E 0 I NA. B. L,. FLORENCE HODGEiNSoN, HELEN HARDIN, ) o MRS. SYDNEY WATSON. " Every week. an Instalment Of JOSEPH HOCKING'S T 1 / great Story, "THE SCARLET " WOHAN. f 41 No Penny Stories yet published contain such 0. fascinating and interesting tales by bett Authors 4 BIG PRIZE COMPETITION. V,2 ORDER AT ONCE. 0 If not able to ) obtain these Stories, write to the 0 LPublishers, FARRINGTON tic Co.. Shoe Lane, EC. V enclosing Id. Stamp for two recent numb,. .1.- ingranasassiamennialeasintecoM.SsztM.,...i

• Y

:i AI Brown g Poison's V , raising powder i "Paisley Flour" A ; • f i is a lime saver when bak- ing at home—quick and 4 p easy work ; 0 and a money saver—no 1 loss, and fewer eggs and less butter required. cAkesuli—Light,digestible \ dainties,that please the -,, . . „ most critical palate. 0,--,,:-k,,-,•,----------- „1, ....

7,,,vw tg-,:34-it-re.V*4s.: g Vrft**Vilfil:§P4l4o4o4,o,7iltlAt o„lr4Yliifeataliilirseeilitctt*ia4liii AV,. Iflll 7,40 14-I'3 4!_kr * 04(4 g, 4 AR. :R., 7,4;,;0;004:,*5.*;;Ai1agi Pik%.l.'Pozq-,;f4iiteltgliqt- ;.,14tVZ.Z :...,;44:7R,tWIt, I It' -0 . os tift3,te. "e; •''7,..*;:;!445,5 '''''VN4l4;7:oo4*.Wet* • 's 04044-44'011. ..,... - - AgiliNsiMialm 4. , S.

I When your appetite needs revhing, think of "SKIPPER" Sardines if you already know these dainty Qppetisers, but don't say you don't like Sardines till you have tried "SKIPPER." 46 sKippE fi.:"Sardine are scaleless and practically boneless. Their " I want moreish" flavour is all their own. Gently but firmly ask for "SKIPPER." Sixpenceand your grocer's name and address will bring you dtin post tree, if he has not got them. Write—ANGUS WATSON & CO. NEWCASTLE-ON-TYNE, Canners—CHß. BJELLAND & CO., Stavanger, Norway.

.. I, GO4 „.,.... .9 dart s i 4...: , I tik te 1 f3...cicanin.gSi !vet-, Efeetro Piat-e.e.a L '- %tkAt.l everywhere 11; 2/6 e. 410.

z. ayman's Balsam Cures GOLD & COUGH Unsolicited Testimonial.—" For several "years we have been using your wonderful Balsam, and we recommend It to our friends as a most Efficacious Remedy."— Miss HUNTER, Balham, May 20, 1905. All Chemists and Siam. Cash Prices 9;111.. 1/-, 26. kSli FOR HAVIIAN'S - TAKE NO SUBSTITUTIP

I The maintenance of HEALTH is assured „ by taking Jr. uTTS PILLS An unfailing remedy for Biliousness, Indigestion, Wind, Constipation, Loss oil Appetite, and other kindred troubles. Sold at all Chemists and Stores, Mk and 2/9 per box.

IMMINEMEM HORLICK'S MALTED MILK INDUCES REFRESHING SLEEP. REQUIRES NO coottiNG• Samples, 34, Farringdon Road, London, E.C.

FLANNELETTE. If purchasers of this useful material for underwear all the year round would buy the best English make, which can be obtained from all leading Drapers they would avoid the RISKS they undoubtedly run with the inferior qualities of Flannelette. HORROCKSES' FLANNELETTES. made by the manufacturers of the celebrated Longcloths, Twills and Sheetings, gRE THE. BEST. " HORROCKSES " 'tamped on selvedge every 5 yards. - Siiiiirees - 01. ylf; CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING All PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens aril Removes all hard callosities on the oles of the feet, If. can suffer try a box, you will never regret it. 1 Boxes 1/14. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham "- FREE All..°L CYCLISTS 114 I:,, Finest ART Carat6r. .ou ever Published. , COVENTRY CYCLES fr0„.13-10°,r,,,f1Ti.''.11,.5'' ~. warranted Ten Years. Ten Days"rrial. °Pat ck,,il 3,ii `'- . • I..'er7net.: to carriage ell tldi. in errti a wanted.t;e ho Irit; immediately. Write at once for Al t Catalogue I aval Special Offer of sample machine. 4. Dept. 90B_, Mead Cycle Company, LIVERPOOL

A Hot Favourite in cold weather. A Corn Flour Baked Pudding with stewed prunes, figs, or apples - clean, wholesome fare. The Corn Flour of cour.se-- Brown & olsons I " Patent We ask you to see that you really get it.

e•n- . *' ' • .... ....,.. .: , -1,,,r,,,,,,,,...7- -Mt:- -, A , Y 04, - • .• ' , ' ~ . „ , f.----- ',,' , TO ~. Fa,- Workmanship, Fashion. FLt, and Finality, there is nothing 4'l CATCH Great Britain to equal the goods now being offered. , YOUR , EYE. - , 1,-D,I. Glace, 2--012 s, Cashmere. Patent, '. LADIES' ' .-, ••••••••••••••I 118 8c 118, Bride* Street, Warrington. SUPPERS - 47, Victoria Road, Widnes. „ Bridge Street and Market Place, Earlestown. 2/11i- , - ‘5, High Street, Runcorn. 45, Widnes Road, Simms Cro.,-s, Widnes. . • : PUBLF -4`: ENEFFT BOOT •1. , , , : • ; f;-,....

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE of RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATI3M by GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. "RELIEF SOON CAME ! " - "OBTAINED GREAT RELIEF." 14, Howarth-street, North Trafford, Manchester, Novemb r 15th, 1906. 63, Sherwood-street, Oxford-road, Dear Sir,—For about sixteen years, I had been a Reading, October Ist, 1906. constant suferer from severe attacks of rheumatism, Dear Sir,—l am writidg these lines to you to testify to the value of your Gout Pills. My father, who is oftenbeing confined to bed for ten weeks at a time now dead, was a great sufferer from Gout, in 'fact one and could get nothing to bring relief. I was, however induced to try your Pills and of the worst sufferers in Reading, where we are well THE RELIEF I S,OUGHT SOON CAME. known. My eldest brother is also a chronic sufferer, Since, then, on the slightest sign of the approach of and I myself suffer from the same complaint. My my old pains I fly to your remedy, and by so doing father and brother succeed in warding them off. I have the utmost faith OBTAINED GREAT RELIEF in the efficacy of your Pills, and nothing would induce from taking your Pills, so it is natural that I should me to be without a bottle of them in the house; in use them, and this I have done for the last five years, fact, my wife says to her friends that if the Pills were a and have always found them to almost relieve me at guinea a bottle she would rather go short in other once. lam still using them. Trusting you will not things than be without them a single week. , take offence at this poor letter, I remain;yours truly, Yours gratefull JAMESy,BARLOW. J. HOPSON (a working man).l3 - EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. lAd. and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London. k GEORGE EADE, 232, Gkoswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

111010NALTELEPHONE fi°2924 414,,,... 44; 0,-, -'4.- , 41i 4 ~, Jr 11111,1 01 t I I ...._.....E.....vp ,' '5 ( l'•- S a, '-'• ~ , , ~.' ii, . . • li,. A e•i-zt, For cz - BOWLING GREENS. . --4:;•7:z-k =:'-: - _ .-.- -.__ 42.SACKVI LIE STREET MANCHESTER.

0,10.7------• 4===o=to / -fif 04 .11 vercome Your Doubt 0 1, Don't hesitate to put your faith in the world famous Beecham's 10 Pills, the best, safest, surest and most reliable remedy for all t-4 stomach, liver and kidney troubles. When your stomach is out of order, it needs help, it must be thoroughly cleansed, strengthened 41 and s.,:tlec.i. Give i •. . A •":1:-.1z "..' - - •-' : .. ;11; .:' g • - 00, u- •I• * :t L • ..•I'S' 4;',, ' . V,. ..:e S 4 ..,., , y „, . ' ''''' .. - ' , • , !I e . , : , • I. •,.. .., 92„...1 a chance. Let them prove that they can do for you what they 10 have done for thousands of others during the past half century. 0 ilThey will promptly and effectively remove all the discomforts which arise from undigested food: will put your system in good condition and make life worth living. Any troubles arising from derangement of the digestive organs will be quickly corrected by U taking Beecham's Pills. They will without a doubt promptly , o Cure and Convince. o .01

MINECNIZimba-zragazt......Aasosarts. THE COLONIAL PREMISS

on their arrival at the Hotel Cecil, London, each received a 1 tube of' PYNKIAAGIC ' Liver Pills to keep them in sound health during the fetes and dinners with which the Mother Country is entertaining them. You, perhaps, have not to undergo the enormous strain that such lavish hospitality involves on the system, but the everyday strain of life tells on even the strongest constitution, and the system needs constant adjustment to meet this never-ending strain. Therefore, WHY NOT BE LIKE THE COLONIAL PREMIERS and fortify yourselves now and then with ' Pynkmagics ' ? They are gentle, but most effective in action, cannot hurt the most delicate constitutions, and they are not Yankee, but ..

I, s II ARE MI EMUS" THE PYNKIVIAGIC CO., 67 HANGING DITCH, MANCHESTER. , , 4•. Ig. • .., .'...,„ . iiv,„.l . ,si: "A--, ! 7,-....j.-:--,- - • _ -__ , X 4e,,Oqis,• : ' RAY .:yi, , ; . .1!..,:k..; :.' cl,k,\'‘;:' , , • .4. ,N 4 tove Polish t L ~ 4:7 Trot& )I,k dealer j. Free S mtule. 40.. Id. and 3d. ' for it. •—% 1 :mom% Corlibe aLd Co.. 11. Queen Victoria Street, E.C. The Shine THAT COES TWICE AS FAR

.MERRYWEATHER'S HIGH-CLASS GARDEN HOSE 62, LONG ACRE, LONDON. Largest makers of High-class Hose in the world.

THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER 1 is warranted to Cleanse the Blood from all impurities from whatever cause arising. In cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, ABSCESSES, BLOOD POISON, BOILS, i PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its efforts are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials of wonderful cures from all parts of the world. Remember that this wonderful Medicine WILL PERMANENTLY CURE ALL 1 tfliti & BLOOD DISEASES lOf all Chemists and Stores, 2/9 per Bottle. BEWARE OF IMITATIONS.
