===== 0002601_19070907_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
CITY OF DUBLIN STEAM PACKET COMPANY.

IRISH INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION DUBLIN, MAY TO OCTOBER.

LIVIMPOOL AND DUBLIN (Wam( Dave). FAST STBAMRRS BACH MORNING AND BVENI23O. Cheap Tickets Journey, Saloon 133. 6d.; Deck Si. Issued every Week-day for Day Steamers. Cheap Tickets (Double Journey. Saloon 15s. ; Deck Si. 6d.) Issued Friday and Saturdays for Day or Night steamers.

Cheap Bookings also to Killarney, Onnnemara, etc., etc. Tickets, hours of sailing. etc.. mav be had at the Corn- Zany's Office. 13, Water St.. Liverpool, or any of Messrs. Thos. Gook and Bons. Offices.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
„

54, UGH STREPT, WARRINGTON

MMINWit

===== 0002601_19070907_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
No 1591

EXAMINER FOOTBALL ANNUAL NOW ON SALE.

JOHN WALKER & CO., EXAMINER OFFICE WARRINGTON

PRINTERS. LITHOGRAPHERS: BOOKBINDERS, PAPER-RULERS. CATALOGUES for Public and Private Libraries,

===== 0002601_19070907_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

, . . _ _ - 47.714 .

===== 0002601_19070907_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY, sErnrisminßEß 7, 1907.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
flAebtral

XTBUFtkLG IA cured In 5 minutes; guaranteed ; 15 stamps. —JaPsoir, Chemist, Darwen. VCIZIIIMA.—Sure rate cure. Recipe and list free.— TnwAtiz9. Herbalist. btuokton-on-Tees.

)liNd OURND In i 3 days by-New Affierican Remedy. Post I.s.—GARL Awn, Chemist, °Armonk.

LIRROKLII Olnift (Harmless) removes freckles. Recipe 1: 25. humcm.t, la Hyland NE, Birm!maim.

L CIZ 81116.. z-ure. stsfe cure. Recipe and List free V. THWAITICS, Herbalist. titookton-on-Tees.

INiniiiisTiuti (With. Dew ls. PM. for one week's treatment.—ff Minim, 14 fflonnanton rd.. Leicester.

A CUD.: lIHRMATILiM. New SpientUlc one. Motleys " Rheum's, 'is. Id. post paid, cures in 4 to ;4 dem- -1.1 ABTLR Hesitk • peciallo•, I eicester

M titHIAGH : U. Causes and Curative Treat- I. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women. A new edition just published. Poet free 3s. 94.. London.-8111CLLBY a CO., LTD., 38. Graeeohuroh et.

frionen

ESTABLI4HED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, RING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CfiW,TER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. PAr TTE wish m wishing for temporary CASH ADVA NOES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATR OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN Gni/RANTER OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO TRW BORROW ER. NO BILLS OF LII ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS EROSIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent oases a Representative vUI call personally upon applicants an complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known sad my reputation stands unrivalled. \

HIGROLIFFE-Off-iFitl, HANTS. Gramm Hoegr. (opposite the Needles, fee of Wight) Terms moderate.

T)LA.ORPOOT . APARTMENTS (public toad private) near rtation qnd pea. —WORM ALL, 29,Cocker et.. Wirth Sh,)ra.

IJDLAORTt)ol.—Privave. weii-fornished Sittirig and one or two Bedrooms. —D., b 3, herbourn.. rd., North Shore.

B- IrY 1-U4u.F.,atlingwortn st. M trine Fare, by tbe sea; APART YIENT3 moderate ; board optional.

ntiIOCIETH. —thontortan'e VAR I'M MliV, dole to beach; kJ good cooking and aftendAroo. —Mrs. LOVE. sock Villa.

DEL AMKHI4 FOHKST, n.n.r. —Comfort 4hle Country APa ItTPd ItIVN ; good viesv.—HioNETT, Willingtott rd., Kelsall. Claest-r.

Branches at ?CREWE, NORTHWIOBE TEETH and WINS MUD. (See Local Papers)

Sapartmtnto, furntsba //aults, etc

riIiRBYSIIIR R.—Beautiful Farmhouse APARTMENTS, near Ohatawortb.Mille TOMLINS Nutmeg Hall, Haalow, 3,0,

£UfILdN..I6 . tipper Garltner st•, oppotite desalt Church —4.PARTMIINTS, day or week: moderate terms.— Mrs. Osnor.szr.

I lUBLI N --Viqtorser ) A minut.ea fromßir:3(bltinn: Bed'and'br'eakfaat. is. 6d! —Mancini% sr Upper Grand Canal at

_ DOUGLIk i.—Pairbaven,S, n 7 plre torrace ;AP R r 3 with or wltbout board ; toa. bad and breaafast. 36. 6d. ; full board, 5.. ;be la from 28. ; private sitting-room ; central, Mr. and Mr.. J. V MArtn.

ECI/JAB BAY.—To let three tmdrooms one diuinerolm. ose to sea and atAtfon —Apply Hrs. Ron TS Tanybryn.Llanefljao atnliveh. Anglesey.

overlooking a private PaPk : eetrral.—Aapiv 53. BAST PARADE.

HIGH HARROGATH (facing Stray.)—APAß r 3 Hsrs. good cooking and attendance ; bath (h. and GLENCOE, Regent Parade.

y NGLR two S 014—: Yorkshire.__To aucl I two or three Bedroom., or won!. take permanents. —Milli SHEABD, Moorlands.

T RH/AIM. 36, Pound et.. Lirce.—Comfortahll &PART- " MRNTS (with boa,d): terms moderate. —Mr'. R time.

-V - LANFAIRPROHAII.—APARTMIeNTi to Let, 1 Ctieg- -12 5 bedroonsc—Mrs. livostge, Willow-grove. UPPer Miff rd. T LANFAIRPHOHAN, North Wale*. —ComfortaMe APitliT- Ii MINTS to Let; sea and mountain views; near flout, beach, station; terms rnodemte.—Miss WYNNE. Fern Bank.

lONDON.—Visitors will find eoinfortab'e 4 APAR nun/ 21. ARGYLIs !QUARE, King's Oro,s. Bel aai breakfast 3s. 64.. twn 51. fid•

ARSIO3-BY-THR-SBA., Yorks.—APARTMNN rs end iLN:II*. tAn,grtroistN, and September ; very moderate ; eleto.-11ra.

LVI ORRUAAIM4.—Apme. STEELw, 25 Dev,msbire rd. West end, near sms, pier and trams. Bath, piano.

MORBOAABIi —Su erfor WR for delicate Girl or or children of parents going abroad —SiiatiD, 19. Beach et.. BAre.

MORBOABITIR R.—Homely APARTMR f4eing pier; bath ; pfitno ; terms 2e. per night bet—Ml,. nrrarra, 2, Claren,.e

fur. ORROABIBB.—Ap&RTNIINelderlT dy or Gentlenonn Invalid not objected to. Bracing sir.— Mrs. Smarm, 19, Beach st., B4re.

MORRCAMBR-7, 01,trk st.—Visses Siratrairea sad BUOWIr ;ni uiet APARTNINNTS ; 1 minute from pier; public or private; piano.

MRS. HkRTLRY gird Miss FrOWARTH, 4, Alb-rt 't, New Brighton. Pnblie and private APAttiIINNTEL Two minutes' walk from Se.. Good bed..

DWLLllRLl.—Comfortable APARTMIINTS.—WiLuanie. 4, Salem tense..

DINICAENMA.WR. North wftle3.__G—omm-----7&mmITS 1 for September; best position faciiig se ,s; highly recom- mended —Mrs. RortießTS. Heatherbrow. MKrine terrine.

DHT I —TO EIB LIVE% comfortable APART VI SHIMS ; .11, clew, good cooking; reasonable terms. —Apply 21. CREC9CRAT RD.

D HYL.-00M PO STAMM A PARIM bISTS, opposite sea 11.., and bandstand; moderate.—Wir.Lum9. Sunset view, 27, West Parade.

RHYL.—Comfortable APARTMEINTS, doo-e from promenade. Good cooking and Wm:dime. Terme mod.rate.--Mrs. HANEL The Homes, Butterton rd.

ROOMS in Large HOOSH, snit t& iv or party; good cooking and attendsnee ; him° comforts ; near Fells. SEWART, Trinity House, Holm°. Oirnforth.

RHYL.— Comfortable APARTMRNTB, 1 minute from promenade. Central position. Good cooking. Terms moderate.—Tinws.nne, Rnabon Rouse. 28, Crescent rd.

SCARBOROUGL—ComtortFibIe Superior &PAKTAIS one minute Spa. Rsplanade ; sunny aspect; good cook- WILREs, 1, Crown Crescent, South Cliff.

RBOPSHIRF. S- Superior APARTM HINTS, in pretty country house, with or without Nerd; terms moderate. —Mro. flasrcaort, The }lollies, 9t. Martins.

OUTHPORT.—APAR MEI NTS, puble isnci private, lmin. 0 from Promenade —Mrs. FRU2BY. 36. Bath at.

SOUTHPORT.—Cornfortahle APARTMENTS, public or Private : Rood sea view ; terms reasonable. —Mrs. FLETCHER, 10, Victoria Ft— Promenade.

QT. ANNitS-ON-SBA.—Horne-lik. APARISIIMd ; every aCcommodation ; close to station and sea; bath, pisno. —Mrs. WALEHo Hurstwooci, 5, All Saints' rd

UPPRR CEIRIOG VALLEY.—GoncI Accornnso tation at tbe WF.ST ARMS, Llanarmon, via Ruabnn ; beautiful scenery ; fishing.

WANTED, Paving GUPST, gentleman or lady; hnote COMforte.—MILTON Hotrex, Chapel Milton, Chapel-

yoIIKSHIRH COAST, WEIL BY —Belt FUR NIaHBD HOUSES noar Beach and goIt.—ROBERT GRLT & Sons, Rotate Aventa, Whitby.

MOUNTJOY-SQI74 RB, DUBLT N. Well- -48-49, furnished A PAR ; 1%1 iniT ; ; single, double bedroome, sittirg-roome, bathe; moderate.-- Ars. L NAM. Proprietress. Telephone 2378.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
cituttultural Vrobuct, Viantg,

DOTATOBS, Beans, Apples, Pears, mushrooms. 60 years I established. —BARRY TAYLER, Brlelington, Bristol.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
By POST I.' 7id. per Quarter. 6s. 6d. per annum. s' zs. 9d. per Quarter credit.

14ottIO, OpOros, 33earbtnn eOtabtf.

LACKPOOL. —MAR/MEWS Central BOARDING HOUSE'', 6, Qneen square, close to parade, North pier, trams,and all amusements ; terms moderate; tariff sent.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
inarbitierv, M.

GAS AND OIL SNGINIIS.-7 8./I.P„ perfect Crossley Ur gut, £18; bnroln.- DEmPBTER, Duigport.

BATES' GAS and OIL RINIGINE*3, successfully exhibitei at all important shows; hundreds in use; qilek delivery ; all sizes; speciality Suction Gas finirines and Gas Plants.—W. L BATE CO. (LTD.), Denton, Manchester. Tel. 60 Denton.

T IS WORTH YOUR WHILR tri BUY YOUR LUBSI- 1. CANTS DIRRCT. RSLIANCR HIGH-CLASS NON- CORTIOSIVii largest eale in the wor'd 14NGINR OIL, 11Ii., CYLINDKR OIL 110.' MAOHINRRY OIL, 110., SPINDLE OIL, 9f L. GAS EINGINH OIL, Is. 6d., DYNAMO OIL, ls 601. per gallon ; in barrels, free and carriage pald.— RHLIANCH LUBRICATING OIL 00 VP ANY. 19 and 20, Water lane, Great Tower at., London, R.C. Also 99, Great Clyde at., Glasgow; I,Sandhill.Quayside.Newcastle-ou-Tyne.

PATIINT 01710 1 C. 3 Akilo mss BEITIDLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GRORGIi DAVIES & SOU hac,e ha., more than 40 years' persnnal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, andpossest practioalknowledge of the ootton,woolitn ani iron manufactures.

" Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price Sd. " (Honial and Foreho Patent Laws," mice Is. ITSORE/B DAVIRS, & SOB. P.1.P.A., M.S.& 4. ST. ANN S SQUAIIII.MANOHBSTBR.

QT. GIICEOE'S IRON WORKS, LIMITHD (late Ormerod) Grierson and Co.), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHHEL and PULLEY PATTEHINS in the trade. In addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, Pulley and Tooth Block Patterns Itc., telouging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London-road Iron Works, Manchester, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and all kinds of Engineering Worn promptly.—Catalognell of Wheels and rullev Patterns on application. NT., No. 229, Manchester: relegraphie addr.ses t' Ormeroci Grierson, Manchester."

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

"EXAMINER" OFFICE,

BEWSEV STREET, WARRINGTON.

PROSPECTUSES & BALANCE SHEETS. PLACARDS, EXTRA LARGE SIZE—A speciality. HANDBILLS, in large or small quantities, cheap and effective. HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Song, Festivals, &c. PROGRAMMES for Entertainments, Concerts, &c., in the latest artistic style. SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPTION BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to. order. EDUCATIONAL WORKS. ADDRESS CARDS. TICKET BOOKS, FOOTBALL FIXTURES, INVOICES RULED TO PATTERN. PROSPECTUSES. PROGRAMMES. RULES BOOKS. ACCOUNT BOOKS, LARGE POSTERS JOHN WALKER & CO., BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

2 ALWAYS USE MCDOUGALL'S patetit sELF-RAISING FLOUR IT ISTFIEBEST. The Examiner, Saturday, September 7, 1907.

WOMAN'S REALM. DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

WOMEN'S RANGE OF WORK. Girl caddies are mentioned as curiosities on the links at Marienbad, but it is in France and Belgium that one realises how far women's right to work is recognised. In Paris. at the open-aii concerts in the Tuileries Gardens, women take the money at the gates and sell programmes in the enclosure. They also in some of the gar- dens see to the.hiring of the chairs. At country railway stations girls and women do the work ol newsboys, and trundle the refreshment waggon along the platform. On the railways women are employed at level crossings, where they stand holding out a furled flag as the train passes by, ! after the manner of soldiers presenting arms. ! In some of the provincial towns women are em- I ployed as scavengers. Even in towns like Rennes and Antwerp scavenging is done by ! women, who go about with huge besoms sweep- : ing up the street refuse and wheeling away the ! garbage in barrows. The number of carts driven by women is also,noticeable.

- - LALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] *Oil he did," he added, with a sudden snarl, "fot if he'd been civil an' gentle with me I should THE VERDICT OF THE have up and told him what I'm telling you. • An' where would - ait have been then, Mr. Talbot

"Thai's it," he said.

may win her affections. By the way, air, we agreed that you should not know—" The Earl nodded and seemed lost in thought for a moment or two; then he said: "Quite so. I appreciate her delicacy. Few women can resist a persistent devotion. You had better stay here as long as you can and come down more frequently. lam not averse to the match. 1 don't think you're worthy of her, of course—" "No man is," murmured Talbot, with well simulated modesty. "Quite so," assented the Earl. "I agree with you, and, that being so, you are as deserving a i t, another. You have this n your favour, that het affections are not engaged. Of course she has had many suitors—young Saintsbury, for instance— but I do not think she is inclined to any of them." "I am glad to hear it, sir," said Talbot. "I shall certainly persevere." The Earl nodded approvingly, and, leaning back, shut his eyes as if the subject were con- cluded; and Talbot, taking a book at random, went out of the .room in his slow and languid fashion. It was not until he had reached the hall that he realised that his courage had failed him, and that he had not ventured to sound tho Earl on his "early life."

Denby?" , . Talbot smiled. "Very much where lam now, my man," he said; "for, of course, I needn't tell you that I don't believe a word of your extremely By CHARLES GARVICE, crude—of your, cock-and-bull story. Wait, ; • please," as Oatway struck his leg and prepared Author of "Her Heart's Desire," "In Cupid's to burst in with an oath. "That your wife had Chains," "Just a Girl," "Nance," "The Out- already been married, was a widow before you cast of the Family," "A Coronet of Shame," &c. , married her, I have no doubt; but that she ! .....-- married the Earl of Lynborough—that was your ; • ; assertion, was it not ?—is too ridiculous— CHAPTER XV J 1 "I went to the chapel in the grounds," broke Talbot Denby did not start, but his dark eyes :in Oatway. "I see the registry of his birth. glittered with an ugly expression as they The names are the same as them on the certificate watched Ralph. Not for one instant did he of marriage. Eh, what ? " suspect that there was an atom of truth in the , Talbot sneered. "Very fairly put together for man's assertion; but it was a strange coincidence an illiterate person like yourself," he said. that he should have pitched upon this young "But if I asked you for the certificates—which man, this gamekeeper with whom Talbot had I have no intention of doing, believe me—l already been in conflict and whom he disliked, ' should he told that you had lost them, that they if not actually hated. ' had been accidentally destroyed." The story of the Earl's marriage, of a son 1 Oatway leered at him triumphantly. "Not so \having been born to him was of course a concoe• ' fast, guy nor, he said. "I'm not so green. tion—a crude and exceedingly stupid conccictioo Not me. I've stuck to them papers, an' I've got made for the purpose of blackmail. It was toe them now. • CHAPTER XVI. much like an incident in a sensational novel, the 1 He took out the greasy pocket-book, and, scene of a Surrey melodrama, to be treated, laying 1 it oil his knee; struck it with his big, That afternoon Veronica suffered from the seriously.; and yet--- dirty hand. peculiar affliction that ladies call "a restless fit." When Ralph had passed, Talbot glanced, at the I "There they are, tight an' snug," he said, Talbot Denby's proposal, and the fact that her coarse face of the man beside him. It was work-1 gloatingly. decision had been affected by the sight of Ralph ing with agitation, a mixture of excitement and "But you refuse to let me see them," remarked Farringdon, worried her, made the imprisonmeat hatred which appeared to be genuine enough, ; Talbot, with a shrug. Ito her room intolerable, and the redlining and Talbot saw that the hand which the mati I "Not a bit of it," retorted Oatway. "There , attitude on a couch impossible. drew over his ngly mouth was shaking. 1 they are." He opened the pocket-book, and I She was pining for the open air, for the Talbot laughed contemptuously. ' taking out some papers actually thrust them into solitude of the woods, for some place away from "I don't know which of the men you mean—" Talbot's hand. 'Oh, I'm not afraid. You can the enervating influence of the stately rooms of "The young chap, the good-looking one, tear 'em up if you like. But just you try it!" the Court; and at last she summoned Goodwin broke in Oatway, sullenly. ".The one without hie he added savagely. "Try it, an' I'll choke you from a delightful gossip in the servants' hall. coat—that's the man I meant. You could have where you sit!" "I want to go out, Goodwin," she said • told easily enough by his difference to the rest. I Talbot took the papers and, slowly unfolding "The carriage, miss ? " responded Goodwin, The one that looked like a gentlemen." i them, examined them closely. His heart seemed promptly; but Veronica shook her head em- "Ah, yes, I daresay. I didn't notice," said ito him to cease beating as he read them. If they phatieally. Talbot, carelessly. "But it is of no consequence. i were not skilful forgeries—toe skilful to be the "No; Ido not want to call anywhere. I Of course, I need not say that Ido not believe a I work of such a man as this—they were genuine want to go for a drive by myself. Ask Matthews word of your ridiculous story. And now—l think I certificates of the marriage of the Earl to Janet to let me have the jingle and the old pony. I I must wish you good-day. Don't spend the j Burehett, and the birth of his child—the son and ! don't want anyone with me. You understand ? " sovereign in drink, my man; it is the last you I heir of the Earl of Isynborough. It was too 1 Goodwin gave .the order and came back in a will get from me." 1 , amazing, too incredible! Why, the man who ; few minutes to dress her mistress. He was rising, but Oatway laid a hand on his : had just passed was, if he were the child whose 1 "Matthews says that you'll only be able to go , arm to detain him. "Sit down," he said in a I certificate of birth Talbot held in his hand, j a short distance, and that the pony's very slow, much quieter tone than he had hitherto used. 1 Viscount Denby—the next Earl of Lynborough ! I miss," she said. I "I didn't expect you to believe me right oil ; And he, Talbot Denby—? I "Oh, I only want to moon about,-" said hand. It u'd be too much.. But I'm gem' to 1 Not a muscle of his face moved, but he could Veronica. "I want the open air; the house tell you the whole truth, and I'll wager my life feel the blood in his veins turn cold. seems stifling. Has the Earl gone for his you'll believe it when you've heard it." I He could have borne the shock better if it had drive ? " , Talbot sank down again with a shrug of been any other man; but that this young fellow, ! t "His lordship felt strong enough for a little reluctant resignation. who had set him at. defiance and had broken his walk, miss," replied Goodwin, "and lie's gone "Cut your story as short as you can," he said. stick almost across his back, should be the heir ' into the grounds. Pray, mind how you go, miss! "I am rather tired of you,,, to Lynborough, should oust him out of the title i Lean on me ! " "Oh, I can nearly walk quite well," said "You'll be more iired of me when I've and estates—oh, it was too monstrous, too ' Veronica finished," retorted Oatway gravely. His excite- improbable and far-fetched! ; as she went down the stairs. I ment at sight of Ralph had passed off and left "Well, geivinor !" demanded Oatway, who I Matthe'ws and Goodwin, assisted by the butler him quiet and sober. had been watching him closely, "what are you . and a footman, put her into the jingle, and "Some years ago, when I was in Australia--" goin' to do? F'r instance, what offer are you 1 Veronica, with a sigh of relief and satisfaction, "Convict, eh?" murmured Talbot—"or was it goin' to make? What are you goin' to give me ! took the reins and shook the aged pony into the after the transportation days ? " for those papers an' to 'old my tongue, eh ? " semblance of a trot. The weight on her mind Oatway glared at him and showed his fangs, Talbot awoke from his hideous reverie and lifted as she drove away from the great house but otherwise ignored the interruption. ',I met tossed the certificates back to him. and into the leafy woods and her spirits asserted , with a young woman; she was a good-looking' "Nothing," he said, with an air of indifference. themselves and threw off the cloud of Talbot Denby's proposal in the clear, fine air, piece o' goods, an' I made up to her. She had "Nothin' !" echoed Oatway. permeated a kid, a boy, an' she told me that she'd met 1 "Certainly not. If this story were true—if by the pines through which the jingle threaded with a misfortune. But it didn't choke me off, ' these certificates were genuine which I doubt— its solitary way. The intense stillness, the for I was sweet on her; and though she stood , the story is probably known to half-a-dozen, to solitude, were like balm to her harassed mind, out agen me for a time I married her." 1 twenty other persons—" and the dark brows relaxed, and the lips grew He drew his hand across his lips and looked! "No, no, I'll swear it isn't I" Oatway broke les'S strained and hard. The pony jogged along, straight before him as'if his mind were travelling in. "It was her secret, an' she kep' it; why, perfectly contented with himself and his driver, back. j I don' know. I'll admit I don't. There's not 1 and Veronica let him go his own pace until she "For a time we hit it off fairly well, _then we a lit vin' soul as knows she was married, as knows reached one of the rustic arbours which the Earl got to snaekin' an' jawin'. Perhaps A was my , Who the boy is but • me. I'll swear it. what! i had caused to be built amongst the fragrant' fault, perhaps it was hers. I think I was a bit' D'ye think she wouldn't have told me, the man I pines. Then she pulled him up and leant back jealous o' the kid. Never knowed a woman so she was goin' to marry? Why, when we fell out in the comfortable little cart, and looked about set on a child as she was on,:im. I was dirt ' I used to allus jeer about her 'misfortune' an, her with a wistful sigh. It was all very silent beside 'im, that's what I was. Well, I was a ; she never let on, never spoke up an' said she was and lonely, and it was loneliness she had wanted, tidy lookin' cove in those days—it's a long time ' married. And d'ye think if she could keep her but still—but still, she was not quite satisfied. ago—" .1 tongue quiet under them there circumstances that Suddenly she heard a step—a firm step—crush- Talbot moved impatiently. He was still as: she'd let on to other people? No, guv'nor, y‘ou ing through the bracken, and without turning her head she saw Ralph Farringdon beside her. • incredulous, but it was impossible to avoid being ' may take your oath that only me—only you an' He had his gun on his shoulder. The blood impressed by the man's grave and earnest manner. ; me now—knows anything about it. mounted to her face, but she drove it back again, 'And I had plenty of admirers, an'—an' after i Talbot was silent for a moment. In a moment a time, when I saw that we couldn't hit it al much thought can be accomplished Why had the and turned to him with an admirably assumed any longer, an' that I'd better cute my lucky, I • Earl never married, but remained a bachelor? calmness. , took an' hooked it frOm her. I thought as we' Why had he let the title and estates descend to , Ralph raised his cap. "Good-afternoon, Miss Denby," he said. "I should both ibe 'appier apart. When I was him, Talbot, whom he did not like? Talbot goin' I got together the bits o' things that ' reflected that he, and, as it seemed, no other hors you are better?" "Thanks, I am quite veil," she replied, coldly. belonged to me—natural enough that, weren't it, 1 person, knew anything of the Earl's past and "That is, my foot is nearly all right, and I shall guy'nor ? So I got up in the night an' packed early life. The Earl never alluded to it, no be able to walk again presently." 'em up. By mistake—by mistake, mind you!-1 friend of the family ever spoke of it. A mystery, "I am glad," he said. "I heard from the took a few odd things, of hers. You don't a veil, which Talbot had only vaguely noticed " b'lieve that? Well, 1 got 'em—then or later, ' hitherto, hung over it. Great Heaven! Had the Masons that you were going on all right. "Oh!" she said, curtly. "That is why you and somehow or other. Say I stole 'em if you' Earl really contracted this marriage, and had a hate not been up to the Court to inquire, I like. Anyhow I got 'em. Amongst 'em was i ion been born? Could it be possible that the some papers she used to keep in a box—keep ! son was the young fellow who had passed them suppose ? " She spoke with an affectation of indifference, which, of course, Ralph's dull, awfully close and secret; and when I'd settled a few minutes before? Here on the estate! masculine mind did not detect. down an' got an opportunity I went over 'em , What should he, Talbot, do? • like. An' what d'ye think they was ? " I "I think you believe in this story of yours," "That's why," he said, simply. very old pony, but a good one. He leered at Talbot cunningly. Talbot dis- he said at last. "But I must examine into the " She shrugged her shoulders. "Yes. lam tired here played no interest, but sat and smoked with matter, I must consider—" apparent indifference. . I "While the grass is growin' this 'ere horse is of sitting .. Will you help me into the Ordway leant forward a little and struck his starvin'," broke in Oatway. "I'll go to the arbour, please?' " He put his gun against one of the posts of the knee. "They was a marriage and birth certiti- rightful heir. I hate him; but business is cate. She hadn't had no misfortune, but was a, business." summer-house and helped her out of the jingle. I She leant rather heavily on his arm, and the properly wedded wife, an' the kid was—what I Talbot smiled. "That would be the very d'ye call it ?—a 'gitimate one. 1 worst way of doing your business' ll " he said. a touch of her hand brought the blood to his face, but his voice was quite steady as lie said: 'Extremely interesting to you, no doubt, my ' you went to him the first word you uttered man," said Talbot; "but I fail to see--" ; would give you away and put him on the scent "Wait till I dust the seat—it hasn't been used for months. That's all right." j "Oh, you'll see sharp enough presently,' .. for himself. If you went to the Earl he would • She sank back, into the rustic seat and looked retorted Oatway, significantly. "It was a certifi- i probably give you in custody for attempting to straight before litir. cate of the marriage of Jane Burehett an' • obtain money under false pretences, and than "You must lead a most enjoyable life," she Algernon Edward—oh, I can't remember the ' inquire into the matter on his own account." said ; "just walking through these beautiful names—Denby." "You're clever, you are!" growled Oatway. Talbot smiled. "There is only one Algernon "I am certainly clever enough to see the woods, with nothing to do-- " "But look after poachers, who are as cunning Edward Denby," he said, "and that is the Earl oV weak points in your scheme, my man," Talbot Lynborough.' , said, coolly. "I'm not sure that I ought not to -' " he retorted, and persistent as old Nick . grimly. "But, oh, yes, it's enjoyable enough, 'Confound it all, ain't I sayins so!" retorted act as the Earl would do." and I'm sorry to have to leave it. Oatway. "There it was in black an' white. "But you won't!" sneered Oatway. She raised her eyes for an instant, then looked They were married at a church in Paris, a., "No," he admitted. "I've no desire to start a away from him. 'Protestant church, an' before the—what d'ye.! scandal. I will consider the matter. Come here "To leave it? I thought you were qii;te call it ?—Consul. An' there was the certificate I —better go further into the wood—to-morrow contented. With your—place. I saw you this (of the boy's birth in Melbourne Australia, all eight at ten o'clock and I will meet you, if it morning at the weir, and you seemed hapny set out reg'lar an' proper. It didn't interest me ' should be convenient for inc to do so, and give enough." much at the time, as you say; only it seemed you my decision." He rose with a languid and He glanced at her, then his eyes fixed them' kind o' curious that she should 'a hidden it from, careless air. "Better wait here until I have gone selves upon the glade that opened before them. me, most women bein' rather nice an' particular ! some distance up the road. Good-day." "Yes, I was. lam happy enough when there on these points. But I didn't give myself much' He sauntered off, his hands in his pockets, his is hard work to be done, such as there was this trouble over it. I was doin' well at the time, ! head erect, his face as composed as usual; but his morning; but-- Ah, well, you wouldn't under- an' had other things to think of. I was doin' SO, brain was in a whirl, his heart was beating stand, Miss Denby! " well that I clean forgot all about her an 'the , thickly. To lose the title, the estates, to ha.ve "Why should I not ? " she retorted. "Do ye-a kid ;but after awhile the luck went agen me, and ' them snatched from him by this gamekeeiser think I am lacking in intelligence? What you I come over to Europe. A pal o' mine had got fellow! To be in the power of a ruffian of the mean is that you have grown restless, as you a little plan for doin' some book-makin'. He, lowest type! • said the other day." , was a Frenchy, an' I went to Paris with him. I He reached the Court, and going to his room "Yes," he responded, gravely. "I have grown We struck the oof there an' had a good time "—• drank some brandy from the flash in his dressing- restless,., I sigh for ' fresh , woods and pastures he wet his thick lips—"an' one day it 'cued : case. The spirit encouraged him fictitiously, to me that I'd look up that little matter o' thel and he thought he would see the Earl and try new." She looked surprised at the quotation from marriage. I went to one of them notary coves! I and sound him by referring, as if by chance, to Milton—a strange one conikug from a game' and he took me to the church an' a office, and his early life. A footman said the Earl was in keeper. there it was right enough. She'd been married the library, and Talbot wont there, but his police it's time I moved on, as the quite square an' on the proper. See? I got 1 artificial courage fled at the sight of the cold, copies o' that certificate, an'—well, then the luck stern face as the Earl raised his head and looked "'Y." , 'And where will you go ? " she asked in a low went agen me an' I got stranded. Fact is, Mr. 'at him. Talbot Denby, I'm bitten by the same dog (13 I Talbot saw that a large parchment was *stretched tone. He shrugged his shoulders. "I don't larow. you. I can't keep off the card and the rollin' I p ; out on the table before his lordship and that the Fate will decide. Fate decides most things ball—understand? I 'ad to leave Paris throue',h ' safe was open, . the interference o' some coves that ain't worlh •"I be d • " h .d. "I'm afraid g your par on, sir, e sai for us." "And when?" she asked, with well simulated speakin' about, an' I just drifted; now in ' I'm interrupting I • f bk " you. came in or a book.' . luck, an' now out o' it. And at last I come i "Not at all, not at all," said the Earl. "Get indifference. "At once," ho replied. "As soon as Biireliett over to London. Bad luck agen! I was down your book, by all means. I was looking over the can find someone to fill my place—and he will on my beam ends the night you and I spent a will Mr. Bolton has just sent me. Strange that have no difficulty in doing thet." pleasant evenin' at Isaac's, and it was becos I a man cannot, express his intentions plainly Veronica drew a long breath. "I am sorry ; was driven to desp'ration that I tried to sneak without the rigmarole of a kind of dog-Latin ! you have not been happy here—at I.4eine Court," your note. What 'appened that night sort o' ' I May I trouble you to put this in the safe and she said. sickened meo' London, and I kind o' pined for : lock it ? " • He paused. the country. So I set off on the tramp. I He folded the will, and Talbot took it, placed been too happy." Wonderful the ways o' Providence, ain't it? it in the safe, which he locked, and handed the "Too happy ! " she repeated, incredulously. S'help me if I didn't bend my steps in this hero: keys to the Earl. "When did you make up your mind to go ? " direction! I'd got a little coin as I'd beg—made ' zi e • b I Thanks, said the Earl." You had a nleasant • "Just now," he replied, absently. on the road, an' I put up at the Dog an' Owl. drive, I hope ? " She was silent a moment, pondering over his And one night I was sa,unterin' round, just i Talbot was standing by one of the bookcases, reply, her eyes downcast. She was no longer lookin' about me, when I was collared by that ' fingering the! books, and he looked over his restless and dissatisfied; a sense of peace and young man as I pointed out. Now, the moment shoulder, mechanically watching the old man put happiness like the warmth of , the summer sun I see him there was something familiar-like in the bunch of keys in his trouser pocket. had stolen over her heart, but it fled and left a his face, and it fair puzzled me. Though I , "Yes, oh, yes ; well, not particularly so," he chill behind as she remembered that he was— hadn't seen him, not to say plainly, since he corrected him-self. "The fact is, sir, that I asked The silence grew irksome, intolerable. was a kid. I suppose it was his likeness to her Veronica to be my wife, and—" going. She knew that he was looking at her, and she, —his mother." I The Earl looked up quickly and with a little grew embarrassed under his gsze, which she felt "Is that all ? " asked Talbot, contemptuous] 1 Y. nod of satisfaction. "You did? I'm glad. I was full of sadness and melencholY. "I have listened very patiently, Mr. Oatway—s? -- think you were very—wise, Talbot: Veronica is begoing," she said. "Oh "—suddenly, ,that is your name." ' a woman in a thousand. Ido not think you "I must , handkerchief?',, , but casually—"did you find my "It's one of 'em. I've had many I admit. But could End a more suitable wife, or one who "Yes," lie replied. He was standing behind don't you be in a burry. I ain't done yet," said would—the phrase is not a particularly delicate her ready to assist her to rise, but she saw his Oatway, stolidly. , "The other night as I was one,but it expresses what I mean—do you • more hand go to his breast, and she said, quickly: saunterin' just for exercise through the woods ,I credit" "Oh, thanks ! Bring it to me to-morrow, came upon the head keeper's hut. There was • "I am ,glad to have your approval, sir," said here; I shall cline at the same time. I like two of 'em a-talkin'—this Ralph Farringdon an' Talbot, "but unfortunately I did not succeed in pottering along with this old pony," she added, the head keeper—an' jut for passin' the time I getting a favourable answer from Veronica." hurriedly, as if an excuse were needed. erep' up an' listened. Burchett was tellin' about: The Earl raised his brows ''and his lips "Very good," he responded. • the way his sister Janet was lured away by one tightened. "She refused you ?" he said, drily He helped her to the carriage. She could have of the swells at the Court, how she'd disappeared , Talbot hesitated. "Well, searcel • refused-,;' walked alone very well, but she leant on his an' left no trace—usual kind o' thing, you know. Ihe replied. "I am afraid I took her b surprise, arm; and when she started she asked him the But it sot -me thinkin' an' I was goin' away to I must confess that I had not made ii i toy own name of one of the wild flowers, and, of course, think it•out when the young 'un—he'd nearly mind, did not kn • •l recently that in '- ow until y y heart he had to pace beside the jingle. She kept him, spotted me afore through one o' those dawes e was engaged—" , without his being aware that she was detaining o' his—collared me in the last Spinney. lie : The Earl's smile became still more eauntie and him, near her by intention, until they had got to treated-me rough, he did—reg'lar mauled me!" 'cynical. He knew that Talbot's heart had been the edge of the wood; then she said: His hand went to his throat and he loosened dh told h* engage at the exact moment when ehim "At the same time, please—unless you will his collar, as if he were deoking. of the will in Veronica's favour, be gone before then ? " she added, and raised "He treeted me vile, he did," he went on with "And she would not give me a decided answer. her violet eves to his face. so .oath and an ugly scowl. "An' it's well for But Ido not dean ' . sir I still hone that I .__.. _

"That's a

"I have

===== 0002601_19070907_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY SILK BLOUSE.

Quite of a new and original type is the smart little blouse which forms the subject of our sketch. The material employed in its realisation is a heavy brown Shantung silk of rather coarse weave, just the thing for early-autumn wear. This blouse is made in crossover style, the cross- ing fronts being adorned with wide plain straps of the silk, edged on either side with a line of machine-stitching. These straps, after crossing just below the bust, hang loose, and are finished with double-pointed ends, in each of which is set

0 0- 4640,/4 q--\, --. •-. -+ i - ; •Wi., i• , :: . • ,• • . k k , / . ..„.. ~,:t., -- 4 ~._ . .. 'NA \ I iiiiiiliff i' 111 \\\ \ \ .1 i .

===== 0002601_19070907_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070907_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Royal Visits and Visitors.—The King is next week to be the guest of Lord and Lady Savile, at Rufford Abbey, and will attend the autumn meeting at Doncaster, which always attracts a large muster of the fashionable world during the second week in September. After Doncaiter, the King will spend three or four weeks in the Highlands, where already many members of the Royal Family are staying. The Prince and Princess of Wales and their children are at Abergeldie, where fishing in the Dee is one of the chief delights of the young Princes. The Princess Royal is at Mar Lodge, with her family, and there are,unbappily,rumours that the health of the Princess is again far from satis- factory, and that a fresh operation may be necessary. The Duke and Duchess of Connaukht, and Princess Patricia have been the guests of the Duke and Duchess of Sutherland at Dunrobin Castle, and Prince Arthur— I sometimes called the " handy-man "of the Royal I Family—has been paying a round of visits in Scotland. Later on in the autumn, the King and Queen will enter- tain several Royal visitors from abroad, including the King and Queen of Norway, and the King and Queen of Spain, also the German Emperor and Empress, who, it it is hoped, will bring with them their only daughter Princess Victoria Louise, now fifteen years of age. Mar Lodge.—The situation of Mar Lodge is ideal, nestling as it does, amid beautiful gardens of protect- ing trees down near the Dee, where the Princess Royal and her daughters spend so much of their time angling for the salmon that abound there. The utmost privacy is secured by the Duke of Fife at Mar Lodge, the tenants and employees on the estate being forbidden, when he is in residence there, to entertain any strangers without express permission. The Indispensable Game.—Bridge, unlike shooting, peg-tops, and marbles, is more or less in season all the year round, but the proper season according to the New Bridge Club, commences with September. It is the only thing the men are fit for after a day's shooting, fishing, or golfing, and in the country after dinner it is mostly a case of bridge or nothing. Far from bridge going out of fashion, it seems to be played more than ever, and is looked upon in country houses as indispensable. A ' Suggested Social Revolution.—Lady Perbright suggests that we should abolish dinner and dinner parties as social entertainments, which, she says, have become as the feast of Belshazzar, and the banquets of I Lucullus. It is an excellent idea for those in training I for the Simple Life, but much of what we heir on this ' subject is from people who are merely playing at it for a while, and from faddists who think a diet of bread, water, and vegetables an excellent thing for their friends. There are, of course, inanypeople in the world who live to eat, and the desire to show off," to have a more expensive chef, and give a grander dinner party Ilarge button of brown Shantung embroidered than our neighbours, is by no means confined to the a with French knots worked in fine goldthread. ostentatious .no wor ne go "vulgar rich." We all know how objectionable is Three similar buttons are placed at the top of ostentatious hospitality, alike among the rich and the; either strap, where ' the ddgreatly t th poor, but we can hardly alter the ways of ordinary life pearaac. p, y a o e ap- e of the blouse All the fulness of the on that account. Lady Perbright's notion would mean is gathered. on the shoulders, from , something like a social revolution, and the desire to where it i raped in graceful folds to the waist, entertain one's friends at table is too much bound up in human nature, to be lightly uprooted as she appears to a alight amount of pouch being allowed at the ! waist. The opening between the fronts is filled think. a dainty vest of ivory Irish crochet and fine The wife as an Unpaid Servant—lt has been said, by pl and in numberless cases with perfect truth, that a wife in-spotted ivory net. Simple three-q uarter . " is an unpaid servant, and the recent decision in the srv.s complete this pretty model, the cuffs of Middlesbrough County Court, that a wife's savings mwmcate the fronts. n are po n c an ne i ted, stit hed, d butto d to h from the housekeeping allowance are the property,of her husband, more than ever reduces her to thaaposition. A NOTABLE THEOSOPHIST. In that case £4O, which the wife had saved and put in I The most valuable English' asset of Mrs. the bank, was ordered to be handed over to the husband, Katharine Tingley, the "Purple Lotus Mother " and there must be thousands and tens of thousands of of a branch of the Theosophists, is Miss Nan married women who are liable at any time to have Herbert, only sister of Lord Lucas. No mere their savings similarly taken from them. Of course passive convert is Miss Herbert, says P.T.0., the vast majority of men never allow their wives to but a believer who backs her faith with works. realise the humiliating, dependent position they stand Her gift of her Hampshire estate as a site for a In with regard to money matters, but, unless a wife new school of Theosophy is perhaps not as ma- has outside outside sources of income, she has no property in nificent as it at first sight appears, for the whole money she has saved, or in the home, or even in the; consists of little more than a few acres of par- clothes she stands up in, and although her husband may tially-cleared ground in the New Forest and a be a rich man she may be left penniless and destitute at I queer, haphazard red-brick house that was the his death. It is things like this that go far to juatify chosen home of Miss Herbert, who will be one the women's suffrage movement, and are an eloquent of the preachers and teachers in the school at reply. to learned professors and others who preach the her girlhood's home. Miss Nan Herbert is not doctrine that woman's proper sphere is in the house. a recent convert to Theosophy. She went out Who can wonder that women prefer to earn their own to California to' join the Universal Brotherhood living; a life of independence to one of unrewarded ' six years ago, and has been an earnest worker drudgery, especially now that the wife is more than ever since. It is strange to remember that Mr. ever reduced to the position of an unpaid servant. ' Herbert, himself so great a believer in free will Women Councillors and Mayors.—The Women's Local and in the rights of the individual, strongly op. Government Society has issued a handbill concerning i posed the determination of his daughter. Miss the newly enacted aualification for women to sit on ' Herbert, however, had at the time just come of Borough and County Councils. Tt is scarcely likely that age. and she, went her own way. She is a sweet- women will take a very extensive part in the next looking, happy-faced girl, with wonderful eyes, municipal elections. Many will, of course, think that the most beautiful of voices, an utterly delight- they would be better cut of the rough and tumble of ful manner, and a well-tultivated mind. such contests but the's+ are many matters connected A SMART INVERNESS CLOAK. with local administration which women are specially One of the most noticeable features of the pro. qualified to deal witb, and their p•esence will at any sent autumn fashions is the extraordinary popu- rate, arouse a wider popular interest in municipal affairs larity of the Inverness cloak for driving, travel- and tend plurally to elevate the class of people who ling, and even motoring purposes. Our sketch serve on the local auth( rities. They may evz n become: illustrates an excellent example of the smart up- " aldermen " and " mayors " this enactment being to-date Inverness model, the material employed restored to the Bill before it was finally passed by in its realisation beng a heavy tweed, in colour Parliament. Seeing that the title" mayoress " already a pretty soft grey mixture. This cloak fastens applies to the wife or daughter of a mayor, there will down the front with four large buttons, the be some little difficulty in finding an appropriate name edges being finished with a line of maciining for a woman occupying the mayoral chair, and also for, which is continued all round the bottom. From her husband if be, like a wife, is to share the dignity. the neck turn back revers and collar of plain Old World Fabrics.—lt seems as though many of the sturdy materials so fashionable half a century ago, will find favour during tbe autumn and winter months. Gros grain, perceptibly ribbed, as its name indicates,—'and warranted as in the olden days to "stand alone" is already to the front in the silk departments, and brocades are being utilised for quite young matrons and even debutantes dinner dresses. Again our old friend cashmere is, to a great extent, taking the place of taffetas for afternoon wear, and in white cream and the eery palest shades, it is appearing in the evening. Generally speaking airy-fairy fabrics are to he less in demand; we are to be more "Solid " and though the notion must be more expensive to start with, it will certainly prove more economical in the long run. Colour Schemes,—Those among us who have thoteughly Mastered the combination of two colours, should promptly pass on to the consideration of the third colour-element, which successfully carried out, makes immensely for interest and becomingness. A 1 capital rule to follow in this particular instance is to have the mass of the colour of the costume match the bair, the first accessory the skin, while the second accessory should match the eyes. The girl or woman too who possesses a costume carried out in two colours and finds it not altogether satisfactory, should try the introduction of a third hue, which should be placed if possible near the face, and match the eyes. In the matter of colour schemes we have, during the past few years, made immense strides, and the study is one that will repay us well, provided we take it in hand patiently and seriously. Fascinating Collars.—A new description of jewelled collar for evening wear has made its appearance and this is greatly in request among Society women. 'lt is built in three pieces,naniely the one that extends across the front of tbe neck, and the clasp, and these are strung together with narrow bands of velvet or tulle. Already the notion is being carried out under " imitation " conditions, but so beautiful are the designs, and so artistically are the" gems" set, that the most fastidious will think many times before passing these particular ornaments by.

MADGE.

grey cloth, which forms an excellent contract to the rough grey tweed. The cape which comes over this cloak is cut long enough to hang well below the waist, and is finished with a line of machine-stitching all round the edges. Three large buttons, similar to those which fasten th• cloak, are placed on either side of the front, and form a suitable decoration for this over-cape. Detachable sleeves are provided with this smart cloak, and can be sewn in later in the year, when the colder weather will make the extra warmth very acceptable.

41k,1... , --- •'ci \ 1 6 ',... ''.. to , .. . . rood ~1,1;11,' i, 1,1; 1..,). prepared with milk is 'ki ' a complete food, rich, creamy and delicious • For dawning life and advancing age. , • For development and decline. In growing vigour and failing power. In breaking health and convalescenc - It is sweet and nutritive a !, natural restorative, and i.; ; 1, retained when all other foods i!iiii : Ili are rejected. illir ' ii, Bencer's Food is sold by Chemists, etc. every w 'll'lllllllll' he r e . ,111 ilii!Illi 1 Ililf1111!1114 , 1 ''III 1 111 I illti 1,,,i I I lii 1111111!1':,011 '!' li', l' * ir i'llil' i!I 41) ill iliiii,J,oii !11,1:1, • , ;11 .' i 1 °l'. i l'i, t. , . .

43 . •':4,0,-..,,--- -%- 0 , .1,,. /1"1 • . ~..,- .f,".1 * * . iUlf ''', irl • i e, : L•o ,\ . . '•• : ; \ , / /;; 1, :/ 1 •.k, . I • , 1.,,/ ir 5 1 /il 1 '.., :;;;; \\\ 1 i %, -.............. 1 _, , ,','l ?$ ii",:::;,e., •,,*.j , !lit, /I; /7 • . ;/":tiii'/ "C: /

===== 0002601_19070907_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
NOT SLAVES TO FASHION:

For every woman who dresses in a picturesqus and individual manner there are some hundreds who wish to and yet have not the talent or in- stinct to do it for thems-es, and here, of course, says a wri ea ter in the :railer, is the oppor- tunity for the dressmaker with ideas; and every season we have a fresh crop of them, so that it really seems as if our taste in future is likely to grow gradually better • again. The younger generation is taking most kindly to the change of thought, and there are now many charming young girls who dress entirely accord- ing to their own fancies, and by whom the dress- maker with her "this is what everybody is wear- ing" finds herself most mercilessly crushed.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S RECIPE,

HALIBUT A LA MADiam.—Put a nice thick steak of halibut in a 6aucep4ii of cold water with some onion, thyme, parsley, peppercorns, salt, and a little' vinegar. As soon as it simmers draw it to the side of the fire and let it cook gently. When cold servo with the 'following sauce: Pound up in a mortar a hard-boiled egg, loz. of him-4.r. three anchovies, a sprig of chervil. * little tarragon vinegar, a xew capers, gnerkins, and a shallot (finely minced), and work all well f.ogether, adding gradually enough salad oil to make a smooth sauce, then rub it through a sieve and pour it over the fish.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
HEART.

-"No, nor he replied, swiftly and unsteadily, to be dreamt of! And yet it's true. All the "I be here, Miss Denby." heart's gone out of me—and you have got it' She drove off down the road to the Court, and I'd die to win a word from you. I'd go- to thc Ralph, after waiting a moment or two leaning on stake for just a smile from those beautiful lips. his gun, and staring, with a frown, at the Oh, forgive me! I'm sorry, sorry! Why did • you force me to speak!" ground, went his way. Five minutes after they had left the arbour His face was white and wan, his chest heaved. the Earl rose from a rustic seat, whch was fixed I "You won't forgive me. I know that. And to the back of it, and with bent head and stern that will haunt me. If I could have got away face paced slowly towards the Court. without speaking, without offending you, I When Veronica returned to the house she should have had nothing but pleasant memories found him seated before the hall fire. of you, of your kindness to me, of your "I hope you have enjoyed your drive, graciousness—but now! Veronica ? "he said, in an im, assive voice. , He sighed heavily, and made a despairing "Oh, ;Ts," she .replied, "and I am much gesture with his hand. better. I can walk quite well, or very nearly so." "But it's too late for regrets. I've blurted out He nodded but made no response, and she the truth, and—and I'll take my punishment like went up to her room. Ever since she had left —like a man! Ah, why don't you laugh?" he Ralph she was haunted by the idea that his broke out desperately. resolve to leave the Court had been born the ; But there was no laughter in her heart, only moment he had seen her that afternoon, and she a delirious joy which shamed while it dowered could not be rid of the idea. It hovered about her. her for the rest of the day, made an accompani- . "I'm sorry !" at last broke tremulously from meet to the song she sang to the two men in the her lips. drawing-room after dinner, and nestled at her , "Sorry!" he echoed, penitently, his mood heart as she fell asleep after hours of musing.. changing to bitter self-reproach. "Why should The next morning seemed to drag its weary you be sorry? Why should the star be sorry length like a wounded snake. Every now and because; it shines on a puddle? You can't help then she was tormented by the idea that Ralph being what you are. God made you so. You would go, notwithstanding his promise, before are r. queen of women, while I—am just :worthy she could see him again. She dared not ask to kneel at your feet and adore you, and that's herself the meaning of her strange interest in all." him, her desire to be near him, to hear his There was a moment of silence; then he raised voice. She felt as if she were drifting in a kind his head, which had sunk on his chest. of stupor to the edge of the cataract, without the "I'll—l'll say good-bye. I don't expect you power of staying her fatal course' without the to forgive me-- capacity of summoning her pride, her common The note in his broken voice went straight to sense, to her aid to save her. Veronica's heart and said: "Here is your master." As she went through the hall to the pony jingle The woman's longing, craving to yield possessed she hesitated for a moment, trying to turn back. her. • If she could find some excuse-- "Forgive!" she murmured, scarcely conscious "The Earl—will you tell his lordship that I that she had spoken. are going out, and ask him if he wants me ? " He drew a step nearer, all his being tense and she said to the butler, desperately. strained. "You—you forgive me? You don't "His lordship went out some time ago, miss," laugh!" he breathed. "Then—then I can go was the reply; and Veronica., with a mixture of away happy—with pleasant memories." He was relief and dread, got into the jingle, and drove silent a moment, then he went on in a low voice. off. "I shan't be able to believe this. Will you give She made a longer round than that of me some sign? That handkerchief; I've worn it yesterday, feeling all the time that she was next my heart—give it back to me—" being drawn to the arbour, and at last, with a She took the handkerchief from her bosom and reckless movement of her head, she turned held it out to him, her eyes on his. the pony in the direction to which her heart He came nearer and stretched out his hand for pointed. it. His hand touched hers, and an electric Ralph was there leaning against one of the thrill ran like lightning through both of them. posts of the arbour, his gun beside him.- The Unconsciously he fell on his knees, his hand and deep, intense stillness of the afternoon reigned hers still touching. unbroken save by the twitter of a bird or the "Oh, it's hard, hard to go!" broke from him. murmur of a bee in the convolvulus that climbed Her face drooped lower, like a beautiful over the arbour. Cower, until it was close to his. She saw that he looked haggard and wan, as if "Then—don't go! " she whispered. from sleeplessness, and her heart gave a little For a moment doubt, incredulity held him, leap of sympathy. Sir John Suckling's lines then his soul leaped to the heights her whisper flashed through her mind: , had opened to him, and springing to his feet he clasped her in his arms. Why so pale and wan, fond lover? Prithee, why so pale? I She did not repulse him. Her head drooped, Will, when looking well can't move her- ,as it had drooped the day he had carried her; Looking ill prevail? ; and,when his lips sought hers, she did not refuse Piithec, why so pale? them. She ,was wise enough to know that there is "I'm—l'm dreaming!" he said hoarsely. danger when the sight of a man su goats poetry, "You can't—you can't— and a faint colour rose to her face, teat had been • Her face lightened with a divine smile. a moment before, and was a moment afterwards, "Is it so pleasant a dream ?" she murmured. as pale as his own. "Let me share it for—for I love you!" He came to the side of the jingle. I He cried out inarticulately and pressed her to "I've brought--" him, and she still yielded herself. Then she "I will get out, I think," she said, calmly. suddenly grew rigid, her eyes became fixed and "One gets so cramped in these little carts. fearful, and turning he saw the Earl standing at Thanks! You have brought the handkerchief ? " the entrance to the arbour, regarding them with He took it, not from his breast-pocket, but a face like to that of one of the stone 'statues from the game-bag. cm the terrace. "Thanks!' she said again. She took it, 1 (To be conti;med.) glanced at it, and, with seeming carelessness, thrust it into the bosom of her blouse. She saw! with a woman's quickness, though her eyes ! were hidden behind her lashes, that his eyes had noticed the action and that his face had , crimsoned for a second. "I have been thinking since yesterday that it is a great pity you should leave the Court," I she said, leaning back in the seat and looking steadily at the ground. "You say that you ; like the place, the country-- He nodded. His eyes were fixed on hers with the lover's abstraction in them, the look which no woman fails to understand. "And I think you are—are so suited to the work. You seem to understand so many things. Every man is liable to become "run down" and The weir, for instance, and the felling of the debilitated at times. and Mr. George Latham, of 273,. trees—for the good of the birds, wasn't it? You Stanhope-road. Tyne Dock, was no exception to this remember ? " rule. Being an engine driver of forty years' experi- He inclined his head again. "Yes, I ence, the outlook was serious until all danger of a remember." collapse was dispelled by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for "And you have made friends here—the Pale People, which built up his blood and nerves, cured a violent attack of eczema, and made him-an energetic Masons—" worker again. "Yes," ho assented. "But--" "I found myself gradually getting out of sorts," he "But what ? " she asked persistently, her eyes explained," and I knew that my blood was poor, while my skin had lost its healthy colour. Then small raised and transfixing his. "There is something —someone you do not like? There must he pimples formed upon my legs, and the itching was so something! ' intense that for weeks I couldn't sleep at night. After He looked from side to side like a bird a while, the pimples became more angry, and inflamma- endeavouring to avoid the fowler's net. tion spread until large red blotches broke out all over legs, making it painful for me to walk. My legs "There is something," he said, rather huskily, osmwoyiel dl swelled, oatn db ao at rg night la e libbee "It's—it's of no consequence—l mean youdacroetbesso htoottand itching that I ouch me. Large wouldn't understand." layers of skim began to peel off. Of course, I had "Oh, perhaps not," she assented easily, her medical advice, when my case was diagnosed as heart beating with a mixture of grief and shame— Eczema: but, though I tried everything I could think grief at his going, shame that she should be of, the inflammation only grew more intolerable, my bent on keeping him. "And have you decided blood was so stagnant and impoverished. Nor did any where to go yet ? " outward application do any good. "Yes, I've been thinking it out. I'll go back "After some time, I was to Australia, to the ranching or the gold digging; recommended to try Dr. it does not matter. There one feels as if one Williams' Pink Pills for Pale were a man; one man's as good as another. People. I did so, and after the third box, the itching Here--" "Here ? " she echoed invitingly, in the voice gradually subsided I eon. tinned Dr.Williams' Pink that could be so sweet and soft when she chose. Pills, and the swellingf "Here it is different. One is no longer a man, decreased. My a ppetit but a servant, an inferior--" returned, and every soy "Have you no masters and servants in Aus- commenced to heal. I per tralia ? " she asked. severed with Dr. William: "Yes; but the differenbe is not so great, the Pink Pills when I felt th, gulf not so wide and deep. We are both men, new, rich blood circulatim , master and servant, of the same flesh and blood, through my veins; thi ha w.oere siclienasi h : and the inan may become master; but here— ndful racehdi Ah, well, surely God used different clay for the gives t am vigour That such feel at least gentleman and the man ! " ten years younger. Well, "That is—nonsense ! " she said. "It is wicked I" Dr. Williams' Pink Pills "I daresay," he said, with a grim smile, "but drove all impurities out of Eczema f ollow.d a low limy blood and destroyed state of lieal.th. Dr. it's true. I have decided to go to-morrow." "You have told Burchett "—her voice was very every trace of the Eczema Williams' Pink Pills low, her eyes downcast—"that you are going, that had threatened to spread cured him. all over my body." and your reason ? " "No," dr said. "There is time enough. He Dr. Williams' Pink Pills strike at the root of all will be no worse off than before I came.' Diseases of the Blood by actually making New, Rich, "And will you not tell me ? " she asked, in Good Blood. Common pills colonred pink can never cure you ; only Dr. NAilliams' Pink Pills for Pale liquid tones. "I may be able to—to remove the People (full name on every box) have cured Anmmia obstacle to your remaining, to make it possible, General Weakness, Influenza's After-Effects, Indigos! pleasant for you to stay.' tion, Eczema, Rheumatism, Sciatica. St. Vitus' Dance, Her eyes, violet of violets, were raised to his Neuralgia, Nervous Disorders, Paralysis, and Ladies' face; her heart was beating fast. She could seo Ailments. Of all dealers, or direct from the British his broad chest heaving under the strain. But Depot, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London. float free, 2s. 9d. she had no mercy. Was she not torturing a box, or six boxes for 13s. 9d. Send for illurtrated herself? booklet of cures post free. "No," he replied, almost roughly. "You have no right to ask—" "I know," she admitted meekly, so that he PIANOS & ORGANS felt like a brute; "hut you have been very—kind to me, and we women are not at all ungrateful, , proud and contemptuous as we may be thought. Fate has thrown us together--" the shame dyed her face, then left it pale; but still— " Tell me ! " she murmured. Ralph was but human. "You force me ! " he said, hoarsely. "Why don't you let me go without—without any more words? I want to go with the memory of your good will, your kind- , ness, not with your scorn and contempt. But you won't let me. You won't be content till you've wrung my secret out of me? Take it then!" He leant against the side of the arbour, his arms folded, his eyes fixed on her sternly and yet with a reluctant tenderness which thrilled while it frightened her. "I am going because I cannot remain here any longer—near you! 1 think of you all day, and dream of you all night. Yes, I, the game- keeper, you, the groat lady 'of the Court! I'm mad, of course. Why don't you laugh? I'm 'waiting for it. You want to hear the whole of it? You shall; then you can enjoy your laugh to the full. I'm so mad that I love you. That first day, on the moor, your face, your voice, went to my heart—and they've stopped ther. I can't throw them out. And since the day I had you in my arms, my madness has grown until it has taken possession of me. And you have been kind to me—Heaven knows whether you were playing with ime, whether you were only amusing yourself--" The crimson dyed her cheek, then left it paler than before, and her lips quivered. Every word he spoke, every intonation of the deep, musical voice awakened an echo in her heart. "Perhaps so. It's likely. Even when you were telling me that you were once poor like myself, you may have been leading me on. No, no, I won't say that! I can't believe it. You didn't know: didn't etioss : how should von? I the gamekeeper, the servant, the serf—for it's little better here in this England—to fall in love with my master's niece! It's too fantastic

AB the Best Makers.

LOWEST TERMS FOR CASH.

GENEROUS TERMS FOR EASY PAYMENTS. OLD INSTRUMENTS TAKEN IN EXCHANGE.

RICHMOND JONE 3 11 & 13 BERRY STREET, Top of Bold Street, LIVERPOOL

WRITE OR CALL FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE

2..._ i/ •--ks ,p. s ' • ..,, r r• , ;S / .... .e s, •-.4 '‘f. e..". l- ie igg I 1n I it

===== 0002601_19070907_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
STRIKING POSTERS

WE PRINT THE LARGEST SHEET IN THE Tows AND DISTRICT. For Sunday School Anniversaries, Concerts, Balls, Soirees, Meetings, Sales by Auction, &c., &c., in one or more colours, on white or coloured paper, in the most striking type, size 60' x 40" in one sheet,

JOHN WALKER AND Co. " EXAMINER " OFFICE, BEIVSEY STREET, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19070907_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
• 4 .4 41)00444eg6/4t •A•A• I• •• • A l • • r4},- A .410

_

===== 0002601_19070907_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
EC-f

An Engine Driver Tortured by Pain and Continual Irritation. The Result of Disordered Blood. Cured by

===== 0002601_19070907_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
Dr. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS

===== 0002601_19070907_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDS AND ENDS

Wigg: "'The last I saw of you Youngpop was talking you to death about his baby. How did you get rid of him?" Wagg : "Oh, some fellow came along who had just bought an automobile, so I introduced them and made my escape."

Mrs. Mulhooly : "An' phy did ye give the name av Standish at the police-station?" Mr. Mulhooly : "Sure, Oi was arristed fer bein' dhrunk an' disorderly, an' it isn't me wud be disgracin' the _name of Mulhooly."

Doctor: "No wonder you are sick. 01)en the blinds and let the sunshine into your room." Fair Patient : "Mercy! It wouldn't harmonise with this expensive furniture. Sunshine is disgustingly cheap."

The Kentucky man who reported having seen a whistling rat with yellow body and blue feet will greatly. relieve the feelings of a number of men if he will state whether- it, also had/ a green tail.

The. poet, John G. Saxe, and Oliver Wen- de:l* Holmes, were talking about brain fever, when Mr. Saxe remarked: "I once had a severe attack of brain fever myse:f." "How could you have brain fever?' asked Dr. Holmes, smiling: "it is only strong brains -that have brain fever." "How did you find -that out?" asked Saxe.

"A great many people do things they are -sorry for." "Yes, answered Miss Cayenne. "The trouble is that they often fail to realise that they are sorry till they get into the newspapers." *.

Mr. Jones: "Look here! This horse you sold me runs on the pavement every time he ;secs a motor-car." Horse Dealer : "Well, you don't expect a twenty-five dollar horse to run up a telegraph pole or climb a tree, do your.

, Bilkins : " where are you living now?" Wilkins: "On Rattlybang-street, alongside of Strike and Hitt' s boiler factory." Bilkins : "Well, I guess I'll drop in for a quiet even- ing now and then. I live alongside an ele- vated railroad."

* * , "We don't like the milk we* get in Cannes," said the millionaire who was spending the winter abroad. "Then why not have some shipped from Cowes?" inquired the near humourist, with a hoarse faugh.

"Did your husband have any luck at the races?" • asked the neighbour who comes looking for riews. ."Wonderful luck," an- swered young Mrs. Torkins. "He inad- vertently put a twenty-dollar bill in his vest pocket and forgot to bet it,"

Layman: "I cannot understand why you should have ejected • the Honourable Mr. G-reatman a member of your Actor's Club. He has never been on the stage." Actor: ‘" No; but he must be a good actor, or he would not be such a successful politician."

Western. • Magistrate : "It seems, sir, that in. company with Others, .membcrs of the .Good Citizenship Committee, you seized a citizen, said to be a wife-beater, and gave him a severe 'flogging." Prisoner (whimper- ing) : "I had to do it, judge: My wife said if I didn't help thrash that feller she'd floor me with a flat-iron." •

"Wyndley doesn't play the - cornet any more, does he?" "No, he thought he'd better give it up." "Bad for his lungs, eh?" "It wasn't that. . One of the neigh- brium shot two keys off the instrument while he was playing it,"

\The Wife:. "What luck?" The Husband (wearily): "None whatever." The Wife : "Were there no servants at the' registry office?" The rlusband isedlv '4fs of them; but they had all worked for us before."

"Young Jolliem always says the right thing, doesn't he? lie never seems at loss for the proper reply." "Well, ; I saw him nonplussed once." "flow was that?" "Miss Keene asked him if he thought she looked as ' old as she was,"

* Two young ladies NlTre nialing• their first essay at golf. "Dear me !" said the first young lady. "What Flail Ido now? My ball is bunkered." . The second young lady took out a book of invitructions.. "Let me see," she said, turning the pages. "I pre- sume you must now take a stick of the, right shape and get it out." "Oh, yes, of, course," said the. first...vonnff woman.. "See . you

pr over. 17alf-a-Cinrary 1856 -1907 -

Brown a? PoilsonS "patent" Corn Flour has •been unexcelled; its purity past dispute, its flavour delicious, its strength such as makes it most economical, its uses so various.

Hence its world - wide popu- larity'.

c2l4ake sure always that you

get "Brown a Poison's 'Patent."

With other Corn flours it may happen that "Twice as much it half as good."

el nun• rrie -a 'stick siiapea 11E6 a dustpan I and brush."

"Yes," said •• a young lady who had just concluded some prolonged vocal gymnastics at an "At Home," "everyone is in love with that morceau. What is your :favourite air, Mr. Sharp?" "Fresh air !" grunted the gen- tleman addressed, as he picked up his hat and departed.

One of Brookline's smart young matrons, the wife of a prominent surgeon, was giv.! ing a bridge party, and consultin her hus- band, was advised by • him to apply to one of the local -undertakers for • chairs. She telephoned, and was horrified at the reply:, "Oh, yes, Mrs. F-, let you have all you want at half price, because the doctor gives us so much business."

Mrs. Eloyle: "I hear that your son had to leave college." Mrs. Doyle: "Yes; he studied too hard, learning the football sig- nals."

"What are you in such a great hurry for?" "I am going to the funeral of my chief, and there is nothing he hates like un- punctuality !"

"Did you see any of the old masters while you were abroad?" "My, goodness, no," re- plied Mrs. Goldrocks. They're all dead; every one of 'em."

Philadelphian: "I suppose everything is pretty dear in New York, isn't it? Nothing cheap there?" New Yorker: "Nothing cheap, except life."

"Some men say," remarked the beautiful heiress, "that I have no heart." "Oh, that doesn't matter !" replied the poor but wil- ling youth. "I'll give you mine."

"Do you believe that cures can be wrought by the laying on of hands?" asked one man of another. "Certainly," was the reply. "That's the way I cured my boy of cigarette-smoking !"

"Bobbie, I hope you didn't tell your mother that you saw me kissing sister last night." "Nope, I didn't have to. Sis waked us all up at midnight when you went home and told it herself."

"Mathilde, throw that poor beggar a coin." "Ah, yes; he looks very unhappy." "Not on that account. But the Meyers are Watching us from their window' opposite!"

He (bashfully) : "May I—er--kiss your hand, Mips Dolly?" She: "Oh, I suppose so. But it wOuld be so much easier for me to re- move my veil than my glove."

The Child: "Mother, which had I better do, go to school in the rain and get soaking wet and probably catch a cold and die, or just simply get an absent mark against my name?"

"Remember, the eyes of the public are upon yon." "Yes," answered Senator Sorg- hum that's what worries me. A man is so closely watched in these times that he can't get away_ with anything."

"Oh! dear," sighed Miss Mudd, "I do wish I knew of an effective way to pre- serve my complexion." "If you keep the box in a cool place it will be all right, won't it?"

Wife: "Bah! Tell me any great or heroic action you ever performed in your life !" Husband: "I prevented you from dying an old maid, didn't I? Isn't that enough?"

When boiling haricot beans do not put in the salt till the beans are nearly cooked, otherwise they are apt to split wed 'crack.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
;

APPLETON RIFLE CLUB.

Monthly Prize Competition.

The fourth of the series of fiva monthly prize com- r 3titions for the present season, was held at the Range on Saturday. The afternoon was a very busy one, over 30 entries being received. The following were the scores, the distance in all cases being 100 yards. BRONZE BADGE CLASS.—Fired with the Servire Rifle: Nine shots at stationary target, 3A inch bull and nine shots at a vanishing figure target.. Possible 90 : Messrs. F. C. Bennion' 65; P. D. Gardiner, 64 ;. J. E. I Hobin, 55: J. S. Shotton, 52; T. I. Fletcher, 47; W. Sherratt, 33. OPEN SWEEPSTAKES.—Any rifle • five shots; stationary target; 3i-inch bull ; possible 25. Messrs. J. E. Hobia, 22 ; F. C. Bennion, 22 ; T. I. Fletcher, 19 ; P. D. Gardiner, 19 •, T. Daintith, 17 ; W. Sherratt, 15 ; J'l S. Shotton, 14; P. Maginn, 14. MEMBERS' STAKES.—Any rifle; seven shots; station- ary target; 6, inch bull. Possible 35. Messrs. T. Daintith, 34; E. Pollard, 33; T. I. Fletcher, 33; S. Halliwell, 33; P. D. Gardiner, 32; W. Sherratt, 32 • .1 A. Booth, 32; P. Maginn, 32; B. Percival, 31; F. C. Bennion, 31; J. E. Hobin, 29; J. Whitfield, 29; J. S. Shotton' 29; J. Towers, 26; R. Thompson, 26. A re-shoot for the second place resulted ma win for )fr. Pollard. TYRO STAKES.—The conditions were s:milar to the members' stakes. Possible, 35. Messrs. J. Whitfield, 34; E. Pollard, 32; I. Broady, 30 ; R. Thompson, 25 ; J. Towers, 24. N.R.A. "RIFLEMAN'S CERTIFICATES.”—For miriature rifles ; 31-inch bull ; stationary target ; distance 100 yards; thirty shots ; possible 150 ; score requirel 114. The following certificates have been awarded during the past month :—Mr. P. D. Gardiner, 134; Sergeant- Major Ingram, 121 ; Messrs. J. E. Hobin, 121; S. 119 ; A. Warburton, 115. The Club season ends on the 28th.of September, when the Donegal Bronze Badge will be shot for. This badge is provided annually by the National Rifle Associatior, The members of the Club were pleased to receive a visit from Viscount Crosse who was present at the Range on the 17th of August, and who appeared to be greatly interested in what was going on.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, September 7, 1907. RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. LOCAL IMPROVEMENTS.

A DAY'S LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD INQUIRY.

fact to be mentioned in Domesday Book. Since the Order of 1893 I can say exactly what we have spent. But we commenced in 1881 with the widening of some streets. The Inspector: Has any estimate been found of what the whole of the improvements are going to cost ? The Town Clerk : No. It is impossible to form an estimate. Is it going to cost a million ?—I should say about £200,000 if you want a rough guess. How much of that has already been done? The Borough TN.asurer said about £78,000 had been expended under the Order. Councillor Wilding remarked that the Corporation prescribed a fresh building line nearly every day. (Laughter.) The Inspector: You have spent a quarter of a million already, and it will be getting on for a quarter of a million more before you have done the widening shown on the plan. You do not pledge yourselves to stop there. With traffic and population increasing, other widenings may be necessary. The Town Clerk : £164,000 has been sanctioned since 1806 including Bridge-street. Some of that is included in this scheme and some is not. In answer to the Inspector the Town Clerk said it was impossible to distinguish between the sums expended under the Provisional Order and the Local Act of 1899 respectively. The Inspector: I think it would be possible If I adjourned the inquiry. How long would it take—a w3ek ? The Town Clerk : I would not undertake to do it within a month. The Inspector: Whenever a scheme comes forward in instalments the Board like to know the whole scope of the schema and where we are. 1 Mr. Gough: They don't know themselves, I'm 1

afraid. - Alderman Bennett : It is impossible to get the Council to go in for a really comprehensive scheme. They are not far-sighted and statesmanlike enough to go in for that. The Inspector : They don't seem to be able to say what the scope of their scheme is, but they want .ClO,OOO for it. The Town Clerk said the Corporation had acquired all the property in Bridge-street and they were now proceeding with Buttermarket-street. Councillor Wilding : The officials have been given authority by the Council to go to the Local Govern- ment Board long before they did. The Inspector: You must allow them some latitude in nicking up pieces of property. The Town Clerk said that more than eighteen months ago he placed a list before the General Purposes Com- mittee and asked for leave to apply to the Local Government Board. It was only recently that they instructed him to do so. Councillor Pemberton : It would only be fair to -, give the reason why we did not apply. I The Town Clerk: 1 cannot go into your reasons.

_ The purchases were then disc-ussed seriatim. Councillor Lord said some of the properties were bought by a small committee without the knowledge of the Council. The Town Clerk : They have all been before the Council. _

Councillor Lord : At some time or other. Councillor Pemberton: Some of these purchases have never been before the Couucil.

The Town Clerk: I say they have all been. Councillor Pemberton: They have not been on the minutes.

In the case of a plot of land at the corner of Church- street and Howley Lane the Town Clerk admitted that the Corporation had" paid through the nose" .for it, but they had to abide by the award of the arbitrator. The question of purchasing property again cropped up, and the Town Clerk said the opposition suggested that the Corporation should stand on the house tops and prolllaim that they were going to buy property by public auction. Councillor Pemberton t If you have a prescribed line it is obvious to anycke that the Council will buy the property they require; but there ought to be the consent of the Council. He added that the Council had abolished the Property Purchasing Committee and could now exercise a tighter hand. There was considerable discussion with regard to the Mersey Works purchased from Mr. J. A. Edelsten at a cost of £8,291 2s. 3d. 'rhe Inspector said the cost was about £4 per yard. Mr. Barritt : Isn't this the property which caused a great deal of unpleasantness—about the unwise purchase the Corporation made? The Town Clerk: Some people thought so. Was not there an action to compel the Corporation to carry their contract out ?—There was. It was the feeling of the members that the Corpora- tion bad made a very unwise purchase?—Some members thought so. Councillor Pemberton : The majority did. The Town Clerk : At one time; but they changed their opinion afterwards. Councillor Pemberton: When they were involved in a law suit they had no choice.

In answer to Mr. Gough, The Town Clerk said he was present at the negotia- tions and the owner never promised to rebuild or to re-instate, but he expressed his desire to do so and since that date be re-instated his business and was carrying it on in Thynne-street. He had not displaced a single workman. The improvement was an important one as Knutsford-road was one of the main highways from,Cheshire to Lancashire. Mr. Barritt asked if the price did not compare very unfavourably with that paid for land lower down the same road?

The Town Clerk said the latter was a very good purchase but the Corporation simply bought the land and had no business to acquire, as the concern was in Liquidation. It was very unfair to compare the two. Mr. Gough asked why, if there was a difference between the estimates of the committee and Mr. Edelsten, the matter was not submitted to arbitration in the intetests of the ratepayers. The Town Clerk: Because we agreed to terms. We had two conferences with Mr. Edelsten and at the second we came to terms. It would be useless and foolish to waste money in arbitration proceedings. We have made some good bargains and we may have :been pinched in one or two. In my opinion we would have paid more for the Mersey Works by arbitration, and the Borough Surveyor bears me out in that opinion. Councillor Pemberton: This is one of the largest purchases made and it was done in a most secret manner. The Town Clerk: That is your opinion. Councillor Pemberton: It was only on pressure of serving a writ and on the advice of the Town Clerk,who said we should lose- The Town Clerk: Of course, we should. Councillor Pemberton: That we resolved to settle the action. The majority of the Council would not have agreed to paying that sum for it. .It is two years after the committee buys it before the Town Council knows about it. __

The Inspector: You mean you were committed by the action of the committee? Councillor Pemberton : Yes. Mr. Barritt : It took two years before it came before the Council for confirmation. It was only after proceedings had been commenced for specific perform- ance that the Council agreed to the terms. In answer to a ratepayer, the Town Clerk said the Corporation had not purchased the four houses adjoining the works. On the 31st October 1899 the Corporation prescribed a line of frontage. The owner of the works made representations to them that it as his intention to erect other buildings on the land. The Corporation prevented him doing so and then he com- pelled them to purchase the property, because if they had not he could have taken them to arbitration. He (thesTown Clerk) had some knowledge of the valuing of property. He had bought most of it for the Corporation for many years, and Mr. Longdin agreed with him that the price they were paying Mr. Edelsten was a fair and reasonable one and that they would have had to pay more if they had gone to arbitration. Mr. Barritt : Do you mean to argue that on the rateable value of the property, situated as it was then, any valuer would have awarded that figure? The Town Clerk: I say if we had gone to arbitra- tion the probability is we should have had to pay more for it. _

Commenting on the purchase of property at the corner of Scotland.road.,and Horsemarket-street (Mr. Banks' shop, &c.), the Town Clerk said the Corporation made a mistake in only widening Scotland-road to 36 feet. It was apparent that it would need widening again. For the Inspector's information, the Borough Treasurer, now stated that the Corporation's overdraft at the bank amounted to £42,043 17s. including over £ll,OOO owing by property owners for private street works.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
The Sankey Canal Bridge.

The monthly meeting of the members of the Warring- ton Rural District Council was held on Wednesday afternoon 'at the offices, Bewsey Chambers. Dr. Murray presided, and there were also present :—Messrs. a Mather, W. Furness W. Houghton. J. C. Sutton ,(clerk), S. Sutton (assistant clerk), B. S. Newcombe (surveyor), H. H. Burnage (assistant surveyor) F. W. Kerfoot (inspector), and Dr. Sephton (medical officer).

===== 0002601_19070907_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT.

Dr. SEPHTON reported that during the month there had been 19 births and 16 deaths. The death rate from all causes was equal to 156 per thousand, as against 28 the average of the past three months and 28 the corresponding mouth of last year. The death rate from zymotic diseases (7 principal) was equal to -6 per 1,000 as against 5 the average rate of the last three months and one the corresponding month of last year. Eleven deaths occurred at the County Asylum,Winwick. The death rate proper for the district was equal to 4•9 per thousand of the estimated population. There had also been an outbreak of ihfectious disease in the district. On the proposition of the CHAIRMAN seconded by Mr. HOUGHTON, the report was adopted. The latter alluded to the number of cases of infectious disease, and corn-1 mented on the very low death rate, which he thought

was very remarkable. Dr. SEPFITON said a most remarkable thing was that last month the death.rate was 34, and this month it was only 156, which included the deaths at the Asylum. The death-rate proper for the district last month was 1-P6, and this month it was only 49. Another strange circumstance was that there were no deaths under five !years of age-. _ _

Mr. HOUGHTON: That is a very good report. WINWICK ASYLUM SEWAGE.

The SURVEYOR, reported that he had received a plan from the Winwick Asylum Committee with reference to the taking of the effluent drain from the Asylum Sewage beds along Mill-lane. The plan was approved. FIALY-YEAR'S ESTIMATES.

The CLERK submitted theestimates for the ensuing half-year. For general expenditure the sum of £1.839 would be required, rind a rate of sd. in the .£ would be levied, which was the same as the last half-year Special expenses were as follows :--Burtonwood, £I3O ; Penketh, £80; Rixton, £4O; and Great Sankey £3O. The estimates were approved, on the proposition of Mr. MATHER, seconded by Mr. HOUGHTON.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROPOSED IMPROVEMENT AT SANKEY BRIDGE.

Mr. FURNRSS renorted that he attended the Confer- ence at Preston with regard to the proposed improve- ment at Sankey Canal Bridge. It was an informal Conference with the object of laying before them two alternative schemes, with the idea of getting their sanction to one or the other. One would involve an expenditure of £3,000, and the County Council expected that the London and North-Western Railway Company would bear the expence. The assumption was that they were liable to keep the bridge in repair. Another scheme was laid before them, which it was said would cost £4,000, but if carried out it would cost £6,000. ,Sums were mentioned as to what would have to be paid "by the different authorities with regard to the latter scheme, and the discussion practically concentrated on that. He told the members of the Committee that he could not commit that Council to any expense, whilst they were willing to give them all the svpport possible. The opinion was expressed that the Railway Company were responsible to keep the bridge in condition to meet the current requirements of traffic on the road. The CHAIRMAN: We shall have to wait for develop- ments now.

Mr.-FURNESS : We can go no further until we bear from them.

Mr. M.t.sium proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Furness, who was appointed along with the Chairman and Surveyor to attend any further meetings in connec- tion with the matter.

Mr. HOUGHTON seconded, and it was agreed to. CROFT WATER SUPPLY.

The SURvEYOR reported that the Angnst gangings of' the Croft wells had been received from the Warrington Corporation Water Engineer. _ _

Mr. HOUGHTON said that item appeared on the minutes month after month and nothing was said about it. He wished to know what was the usefulness of the record. It might be evidence against them some day. The SURVEYOR said the gangings must be taken and sent to this Council sealed and signed. They were simply signed by the Water Engineer in accordance with the Aet. - -

Mr. HOUGHTON: Is there any material variation in the _wells from one year to another ? _ - -

Mr. KERFOOT : SOIRO of them have gone absolutely dry.

-Mr. HOUGHTON remarked that they were not taking any steps to verify those reports. Mr. MATHER said he thought it was done to safe- guard those people whose water was going to be taken by the water works. It was part of the Corporation's duty to deposit the gangings with the Surveyor. Mr. HOUGHTON: We don't know whether it is a correct account or not.

Mr. FURNESS : It is for the individual householders to complain if the water has not been up to their requirements. The CLERK said the report was simply a record. The SURVEYOR said the majority of the wells seemed to be drying up. The discussion then dropped.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
FIFTY YEARS AGO.

The world has made great progress during the last fifty years and the art of surgery has made very rapid strides. But in many cases our grandparents accom- plished cures by natural medicines where nowadays operations would be thought necessary. Buchu is an old remedy for diseases of the Liver and Kidneys and to-day it is one of the most efficacious and beneficial remedies for these diseases. Even when taken alone it, gives great relief. Made up in the following prescrip- tion it will often completely cure long standing': cases of derangement of the Liver and Kidneys. Tincture of Buchn, one ounce; Karox Compound, one ounce; Syrup of Lemon, two ounces. Mix well in a bottle and take a teaspoonful after each meal and at bedtime. Children one quarter to one half the dose. Any chemist will supply the ingredients or he will make it up for you. Our readers should note that ihis not a "lightning cure," and it should be taken regularly for a short time and the result noted.

This prescription has a peculiar healing and soothing effect upon the entire Kidney and Urninary structure, often overcoming the worst forms of Backache and Bladder weakness in just a little while.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

St. James' Church, Latchford

Special sermons were preached at this Church on Sunday on behalf of the Society for-the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts by the Ron. F. J. Griffiths, of North China. The rev, gentleman gave some inter- esting reminiscences of his experiences in China and elsewhere, and his discourses were closely listened to by exceedingly large audiences. The collections were on behalf of the society, and satisfactory amounts were realized. On Monday, Mr. Griffiths lectured to the school children, and in the evening a large audience assembled in the schoolroom, when the rev, gentleman again interested his hearers with his experiences, and spoke of the importance of the work of the society.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
New Wesleyan Minister.

Rev. Thomas Miller Preaches at Bold-street. The Rev. Thomas Miller, the newly-appointed minister of the Warrington _circuit, preached his first sermons at Bold-street Wesleyan church on Sunday. There were large congregations. The rev. gentlemisn took for his morning text: "And they that know Thy name will put their trust in Thee; for Thou, Lord, hast not forsaken them that seek Thee" (Psalm ix. 10.) He emphasised the necessity of cultivating a wide outlook in respect to God's government in Nature, human life, and indi- vidual experience. Unbelief was due to a limited out- look and it was a mistake to look only at one side of anything. The last of life for which the first was planned would explain the meaning of problems associ- ated with the earlier stages of national and individual development. We must not be in too great hurry; it was sometimes necessary to suspend judgment. God had plenty of time in which to perfect His plans. The preacher also dwelt upon the need of fear- less study of Nature by Christians. Science• was not an enemy of the faith. The believer was placed under a debt of obligation to the scientist for the new truth discovered. The moral problem varied only in its form of expression. It was the same in essentials. Slums were modern but sin was ancient. The Christian was not dependent on reason only, the revelation of Scripture showed a controlling power. God worked everything for good. The know- ledge of God was most perfectly obtained from the life and works of Christ. The sermon closed with a quotation from Augustine. "Ye must seek as they who find and find as they who have still to seek." In commencing his ministry Mr. Miller urged the need of reconsecratiou to the service of Christ. The Church was a living tree and not a bundle of sticks tied together. Every member gave and received strength through fellowship. There was a splendid congregation at the evening service. The textiwas Ezekiel xvii. 1-3, and the subject "The Continuity of Influence." The influence of carelessness and evil was traced in respect to Israel. The children of those who neglected their duty on account of pleasure, suffered exile. The subject was illustrated by reference to C. A. Dane's letters from Rome. The effect of carelessness in India and • America. Every Christian should take a great interest in politics, the welfare of the town was a Christian question. Individual responsibility was not destroyed by the inheritance of ticious tendencies. Man can, and ought to rise above his environment. What might become by grace, not what we were by nature was of Importance.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
Stnet Widening and Electricity Extensions.

MERSEY WORKS PURCHASE DISCUSSED

For six and a half hours, Majpr R. E. Stewart, R.E. one of the inspectors of the Local Government Board, was engaged at the Warrington Town Hall on Tues- day conducting an inquiry into the application of the Corporation for sanction to borrow £40,140 for street widenings and improvements, and £3,071, the sum required in connection with the proposed boiler plant extensions at the electricity works at Howley, and for permission to appropriate for the electricity under- taking, £4,165 being the unexpended balance of a loan raised for similar purposes. Great interest was taken in the proceedings, and there was a large attendance of prominent ratepayers. The Mayor was present, as well as several other members of. the Councils and officials of the Corporation. Mr. Edward L Barritt, solicitor, Manchester, appeared on behalf of the War- rington and District Property Owners' Association and the Warrington Tradesmen's Association. The inquiry began at ten o'clock and, with an hour's interval for luncheon, oontinued until 5.30. The Town Clerk submitted the usual statistical information. The total outstanding loans amounted to £l,l6s,sBs,including £295,306 for public health purposes and £78,718 under local sanitary acts. The average rates for county boroughs amounted to 7s. Bd. in the £ so that Warrington was Bd. below the average. ELECTRICITY EXTENSIONS. The electricity application was first dealt with, the Town Clerk explaining that the loan was required for an extension of the boiler plant. There was a great demand for energy which the engineer was at present put to straits to supply and he could not run the winter through without additional boiler power. In answer to the inspector the Town Clerk said no portion of the loan would go to salaried officials or permanent workmen. The Inspector : It is not considered right to charge some of your permanent workmen to these loans and avold_paying_their wages out of revenue. The Town Clerk: Nothinghas been expended in that way since we received the Board's intimation in February. Mr. P. V. L. Mathias, chief electrical engineer, then gakre evidence. The boiler power was notes great as it ought_to beior the plant._ After this winter they would probably want new generators. • The Inspector asked why they had not the proper number of boilers. Mr. Mathias: Since the last loan of £18,099 we have not put any permanent boilers down. The Town Clerk : It was contemplated at that time to put two new boilers down.We have only put down one. The Inspector: The engineer says: "Oh I have had the money for them but I have not put them down." Why are boilers wanted and not generators? The Town Clerk said Messrs. Preece and Cardew advised the committee in 1903 that they required two engines and two boilers. It was arranged that one boiler and one engine should be purchased eighteen months after the application was made. They anticipated that an additional engine and boiler would be required eighteen months afterwards. Mr. Mathias then came on the scene and thought he could do with one boiler and one engine. They had done without the additional plant for three years and now they found they could not go on any longer. The Inspector: I suppose that since the engineer came he has tried to be its economical is he could. The Town Clark added that the boil& plant had been worked 50 per cent. beyond its capacity. Mr. Mathias then dealt with the great inconvenience caused by the present arrangements for the storage of coal. The Inspector: You have described a terrible state of affairs.- Why have you put up with it so long? Mr. Mathias : It is the old qaestion of capital. The Inspector: You have had to put up with it till you could get your Council to see their way to have the improvement included in a loan? Mr. Mathias : Yes. I thought this would be a suit- able time to have it carried out. The Mayor bore out the engineer's statement and said the condition of affairs had been terrible. In answer to the Inspector, Mr. Mathias said they used cheap coal but they had not been getting proper combustion for some time and therefore had been losing money. lb was stated that sanctions had already been received connection-with the electricity undertaking to the amount of £97,566. Of the last loan of £18,600 the sum still unexpended was £4,165. The principal explanation was that the Council agreed to postpone one engine and boiler. Mr. Barritt said his clients complained of these defer- ments and additional applications which must be expensive. The Inspector said be was informed by the Borough Treasurer that of the loans already sanctioned—£97,so6 —the amount not yet borrowed was £10,500. He asked for that sum to be allocated on the various loans.

Tha matter was investigated in great detail. Mr. Barritt asked what extra expense the town would be put to by deferring the introduction of the second boiler.

Mr. Mathias : I don't think the town Would be put to any further expense. They would save money. Mr. Barritt : When do you anticipate any further money will be required? Mr. Mathias: The generating plant may want ex- tending next winter. The Tokn Clerk: If we had spent the £4,000 on another boiler it would have been lying as dead capital. Councillor Pemberton: Yet when the matter was before the Council it was 'stated that the boilers were urgently wanted.

ttarritt : From the evidence given it appears that the ,estimates Messrs. Preece and Cardew gave were under-estimated.

Mr. Mathias : That I cannot say. So far as I know the estimates were pretty near. Further questioned, Mr. Mathias agreed that if the whole of the work intended to be covered by the £18,600 loan had been carried out, that figure would probably have been exceeded: Mr. Barritt : With regard to to-day's application. Will the money you are applying for cover all the work you intend doing? Mr. Mathias.: It will be as close as I can get it. I have allowed £250 for contingencies. Mr. Barritt :—Do you consider that sufficient on £7,000 ?—I have kept it as low as I could. Judging from past experience don't you think you have allowed too little P—lt would be an easy matter to put the figures higher, but I have kept them down. Would it not pay to buy a better quality of coal, and have better combustion?

111 r. Mathias said that after exhaustive investigations it was found that £1,200 was saved in twelve months by using cheaper coal and mechanical stokers. They might do still better with the cheap coal if they had the best conditions for combustion.

Mr. Barritt : As to the £1,200 saving in coal, did it not rise more from the reduction in the price paid than from anything else? Witness said it was different coal and they generated more units since they used it. The profit had been maintained. _

At this stage the tenders for the boilers, &c. were produced and all were found to be considerably above the estimate. The engineer pointed out that a rise in prices would partly account for this. The Inspector having rrone into the details very exhaustively this part of tie inquiry was closed. STREET lIVIPROVEMENTS.

After luncheon the street widening scheme was con- sidered. The Town Clerk said this part of the applica- tion referred •to £40t140 which the Corporation desired to borrow for street improvements. Under a Provisional Order of 1896 the Corporation got power to prescribe a building line in any street which was narrow or inconvenient. Acting under that power, the Corporation served notices on the Owners of property in all the narrow streets and it was largely owing to those notices having been served that property had been from time to time offered to the Corporation and they had acquired it. Others had been purchased by public auction and others by negotiation when they had come into the ' market. As an indication of the general_policy of he Council the Town Clerk read an extract from Alderman Bennett's " Budget" speech in which he outlined the improvements already accomplished by the Council and stated that the municipal undertakings realized more than those of any other town in England, whereas the rates were considerably below the average for county boroughs.. If the education rate were deducted the rates would only be ss. Bd. Mr. 3ot:7mi remarked that Alderman Bennett's Speech was open to question. The TOWN CLERK said the list of twenty-three properties embodied in the' application had been sent to , the Local Government Board.

The Inspector : What is the whole business going to cost?

• The Town Clerk: We have spent about £250,000 already. Warrington is a very old town—so ancient in

===== 0002601_19070907_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
E. Ae4tdg. obiolottnlseomf aka_ Lemonade.

Equally good as . .. , A HOT DRINK ;4:: ,0,., ~ for Supper. 7g • • ' Try it ''! Lemonade

THE OPPOSITION.

Mr. Barritt said the property owners complained very much of the manner in which the properties had been purchased. The purchases dated back as far as 1903 and in some cases considerable time had elapsed before they had come, before the Council. Anyone who had the welfare of his town at heart did not want to give too much away, but in these cases the property owners said the town had been very little considered and pur- chases had been made which the Corporation had no right to make. They complained that the Corporation had no set scheme. These purchases stretched from one end of the town to the other. The Corporation had not persevered in one palticular direction but had acquired properties here and there which seemed to have taken their eye or to have been submitted to them. The Local Government Board ought to condemn the manner of purchase. Councillor Pemberton had been somewhat responsible for the abolishing of the committee which up to a certain time purchased many properties. In other cases the purchases had been left in private hands. The Town Clerk himself had bought I some on instructions by public auction and it had taken a considerable time before the purchases were submitted to the Council for confirmation. No useful purpose ' could be served by the Corporation acquiring some of the properties. His clients 'strongly objected to the Local Government Board giving the Corporation power to borrow money for certain properties. They should be re-sold as they would be of no value to the Corpora- tion at any time and the sooner they were parted with the better. The properties to which particular excep- tion was taken were :—Mr. Hill's property, Silver. Street and Silver-square; Itylands Bros. property at the corner of Church-street and Howley-lane; property,

belonging to the trustees of Jane Naylor in King-street and executors of James Roberts in Hopwood-street; Grace's pottery Winwick-road. In regard to the latter the ostensible object of the purchase was in order that a new school might be built there, but the Education Committee had not made use of the site and had built the Beamont School about half a mile away. Then there was a great discrepancy in the prices given. In some eases the Corporation had made a bargain on behalf of the town but in others the opposition considered the prices exces- sive. In regord to Edelsten's property, his clients thought that in future it ought to be I made impossible for any purchase to bo conducted on those lines. The property owners were ' only too desirous to help the Corporation in any of its well-doing, but at the same time they desired that a firm attitude should be adopted with regard to the ques- tion of dealing with properties, and they thought some representation should be made to the Corporation that they should proceed with some set scheme, and not dodge about from one end of the town to the other. ALDERMAN BENNETT'S REPLY.

Alderman Bennett. as chairmen of the Street Improvement Committee, said he hoped the Inspector would realize the difficulties of the position. Warring- ton was a very old town, and owing to the short- sightedness of their ancestors, it had been developed in ?, very chaotic and higgledy-piggledy manner. It was impossible to go into any part of the town witho,ut seeing some improvement that was almost crying for attention. Unfortunately he was afraid that in some parts of the town, the chaotic process to which he was alluding waa still proceeding. and he hoped the Local Government Board through Parliament would give Cor- porations the power during the next session to develop towns on more reasonable and rational lines. The committee had tried to make the best of the situation. They had primarily devoted their attention to the four main streets which were miserably narrow. While trying to make RS much progress as they could with I those thoroughfares, they had not been indifferent to other opportunities which had occurred. Again and again they had had property brought to their notice in streets which were not suitable to the present needs of the town and they had committed themselves to certain lesser improvements, always, however, arming at the main one which contemplated the four principal streets. There was not a single item on the list of properties which had not been carefully considered by the com- mittee. It was inevitable that there should be a certain amount of secrecy, as when it was known that the Corporation wanted to acquire property there was often an attempt to bleed thern.As to there being any deliberate intention of deceiving the Council or misleading the public,he utterly repudiated that and there was no evidence to justify such a statement. It would be foolish to pretend that every purchase was wise and judicious and in one or two instances the Corporation had made a distinctly bad bargain. He doubted, how- ever, whether it would be wise to re-sell the property and he could hardly contemplate that the opposition desired that the Local Government Board should adopt the other alternative and throw the cost on the rates.

Mr. Barritt : We do not say there have been any tinder-handed dealings. We do not dispute the bona fides of the committee. The Insoector : You said rather that they were foolish. (Laughter.) Mr. Barritt : Yes.

Councillor Pemberton supported the opposition as voiced by Mr. Barritt and said the safeguard given by the Municipal Corporations Act that the Council should be supreme in these matters had been ignored to the extent of thousands of pounds. While he did not question the bona fidcs of the Street Improvement Committee, he objected to them buying property and afterwards prescribing the line, as such a course might involve the town in an improvement to the extent of thousands of pounds which had not been previously ; contemplated by the Council. Mr. S. Gough also objected on similar grounds. He thought the officials had forced the Edelsten purchase upon the Corporation. He believed they led Alderman Bolton into a trap and be signed the agreement and in order to get him out of the trap the Corporation passed' a resolution to indemnify him. They had paid twice as much as the property was worth. Mr. Cliffe also opposed the application and contended that ridiculous prices had been paid in some instances. There was no guarantee as to when the improvements would be carried out. A great (Peal of property which had been already acquired was lying dormant, when it might be well utilized. - - .

Councillor Wilding said he also supported the objection. The Town Clerk said tiara after the temperate way in which Mr. Barritt had put his case, and the able teply of Alderman Bennett, he should only add that the Corporation had bought the property and were anxious to sell the surplus land as soon as possible when the improvements had been carried out. It was quite com- petent for any member of the Council to bring forward a proposal with regard to the disposal of the surplus land. What he asked on behalf of the Corporation was fqr the Board to sanction the loans, and leave it to the Council through the agency of the gentlemen who were objecting that day, to carry out the schemes as soon as possible. The Inspector said he thought they had heard the opposition at length and it was now time to close. The inquiry then terminated. ROPE AND ANCHOR AND THE MERSEY BEDSTEAD WORKS.

At the conclusion of the business of the Town Council meeting, on Tuesday evening, the Town Clerk alluded to the Local Government Board inquiry. He said that at the last meeting of the Council a resolution was passed referring to the Mersey Bedstead Company's Works, and the Rope and Anchor Inn, Buttermarket. street. The Inspector was prepared to include them in the present application if the Corporation would put in the full figures of the purchase money, namely, £4,382 Bs. for the works, and £3,744 12s. for the Rope and Anchor Inn. He wanted the Council to formally do so, and the matter could be ratified at the next Council meeting. _

Councillor Burton asked if the Corporation had to pay the costs of the solicitors. Alderman Forshavv : You don't pay the vendor's costs so far as the Mersey Bedstead Works aro concerned.

The Town Clerk : In the other case we agreed to pay £2O costs for solicitors and surveyors. The Council approved.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
WAR.

When Abel fell, through envy slain, Beside his altar low : It was alas, his brother Cain Who dealt the fatal blow. And ever since that awful crime On earth its shadow threw: The Caine of every age and clime Have killed their brothers too. Yet, all nnsatiated still, They wave their banners red : And cry for more recruits to fill The earth with slaughtered dead. Yea, even now our schools are made The sergeant's drilling ground. Where youths may learn the soldier's trade, And step to Bugle's sound. 0 that our working men were wise, In all these things to scan The hand of Satan in disguise Against poor erring man. True to himself that Demon still Would blind us with a lie; Still lure us on to do his w.ill, And in his service die. ' But why should Christians bear the sword And fellow creatures slay ? Are these things sanctioned by their Lord, Fruits of " the living way ? Ah no, His Gospel's from above, An antidote for strife ; A grace that binds His flock in love, And leads to endless life. September 1907. J. H. W. CLINDINNING.

THE MEDICINE YOU HAVE ALWAYS HAD.

Never be without the above box in I your house. It is an excellent and reliable medicine of world-wide repu- tation. Sold only in sealed boxes (never loose), in i/it and 2/9 sizes, by all Chemists. Avoid worthless substitutes.

......_- --- .........-...-----.,----__.. - i.E.5 Foft,i,-- ' / • C#l• - (Trade Mark) ••• ' ~ \ _ i .. - "A. ely N S co r _ „.... , ' , v.4,....' 4', .... ill ' t•k, . ''../ • •, '',. - * ILIOUS-- NESS . GURE..2A':',"H' E, INO'ICE'ST I. O. N,CONST/PAT lON,' .' DEBILITY, FEMALE WEAK NESSES, PILES, , , DIZZINESS, SALLOW COMPLEXIONS, PIMPLES AND ALL LIVER & STOMACH .TR °LIEU. ES - 15,* ~. 'i' '' • ' . 11' .:• 11 5‘ ::. •,:•,, 4' ~, ' I/I i N, \2- V 4 ' t;;„ 'lOl -DS 3 TIMES .;.'1‘;':: •'. 4 .. . .4 ~- ;111111! „ •e 2 NI hi • ihiS .. AY I' ,- •••,,'"IF.',, ALE BEAAAs . ' A_ • - • ..,. c, ,

===== 0002601_19070907_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3

===== 0002601_19070907_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
PUS NECK IN FEARFUL SHAPE

Eczema Made It a Sickening Spec- tacle—Worst Case Father Ever Saw—Treated for Weeks by Doctors—Grew Worse and Worse.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
PERFECTLY CURED BY CUTICURA REMEDIES

"I have much pleasure in letting you know of the remarkable cure of my daughter of eczema. It was the worst case I had ever seen. To see her neck was a sickening spectacle, as you could see nothing but sores. We tried differ- ent kinds of ointments, but to no effect. We also had her under the care of two doctors for several weeks, and they gave us ointments and powders and ordered us to take off her ordinary clothes and keep on her night dresses, but to no avail, for where we applied the doctor's ointment it broke out worse. At last we gave up the medical men and tried a box of Cuticura Ointment, and after using part of same we could see a differ- ence, so we persevered with three more boxes of Cuticura Ointment. She was perfectly cured. Since then we haye used Cuticura Soap and she has now a nice clean skin. P. Crowther, 62, Chell St., Longsight, May 29, 1906."

===== 0002601_19070907_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
GROWS HAIR

Removes Dandruff and Sootheg Itching, Irritated Scalps.

Warm shampoos with Cuticura Soap, and light dressings with Cuticura, the purest and sweetest of emollients, stop falling hair, remove crusts, scales, and dandruff, destroy hair parasites. soothe irritated, itching surfaces, stimulate the hair follicles, loosen the scalp skin, supply the roots with en- ergy and nourish- ment, and make the hair grow upon a E - , tiolesome, healthy scalp when all else fails. For all purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery, Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Ointment are priceless.

Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour of Infants, Children, and AdultB consists of Cuticura Soap to Cleanse the Skin. Cuti- cura Ointment to Heal the Skin, and Cuticura Re- solvent Pills (Chocolate Coated) to Purify the Blood. A Singe Set often Cures. Sold throughout the world. Depots: London, 27, Charterhouse Sq.: Paris, 5, Rue de la Paix: Australia. It. Towns & Co.. Sydney; Potter Drug Chem Corp.. Sole Props. Post-free. Cuticura Book on Skin Diseases.

• 4 )\), , :000 ir - • weet, wh,

===== 0002601_19070907_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
BEST FAMILY MEDICINE

1/VORSDELL'S Kayeas , Poll le In Use 100 years. Are a certain cure for Indigestion, Biliousness, Headache, Dyspepsia, Constipation, Liver and Kidney Complaints, Sic. Invaluable for Ladies jOf all Chemists, 2/9, and 4/6 per box, or on receipt i amount 53, St. George's, Norwich.

TOOTH-AC

11

CURED INSTANTLY BY BUNTER% Pre veilteselp)leescas yi4 iSstse spErezvet ran ctetido.n, :: NEURALGIA, HEADACHE, NER VINE i and all NERVE PAINS removed by BUNTER'S NERVINE. All Stores, Is. Id. or receipt of amount 13, Sr. GEORGEs STREET, NORwiCE •'Asi a specific of Toothache it has uo equal. I have used it succesenlly for years."—Pßov. W WiLsow. M.D.

SOLD EVERY WHRRS at ls. lid., Zs. 9d.14.9.661., and ha ki LUNG TONIC, THI WORLD'S CURE FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCIIITIS.ASTHMA,Etc

e DR • rri Dr. SCOTT'S PILLS PLEVENT DISEASE They have been specially prescribed by a qualified ical man, to remove the causes -de?, and act as a tcnic to the em, thus - disease.

COLU GRAPH-o-phon, Get the name right. COLUMBIA 0-phone—the Talking Machine that has more highest possible awards than put together. "Price Rook co- .CiVe.' model.c from a guinea le-interested. All dee COLUMBIA P, 64 8666, 07 GLASGOW: 50, Un: MAN('

MERRYWEATRER ON

WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION

County Mansions ; Expert-s: sent te all parts to Report

on Existing Arrangements. Write for Pamphlets: Merryvveather & Sons

63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. G.

I.lLaitKri'S B 41 PILLS ,tre warranted Lo our, lutertutr sex, all acquired for constitutional chscharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. irroe from Mercury. Bstablished upwards of 30 years. In boll.* 49, (Id, each, of all chemists and Patent Medicino Vendors throne)). on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the maters. The Lin coin anh Midland Counties Drug Company, Lltteekt. Advt. -

To BIOTHERS.—MrS. WINsLOw'S Soothing Syrup hag been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers fnr their childran while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste produces natuarl quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes " as bright as ta button" ef all Chemist", Is. lid. per bottle.—Advt.

JOHN WALKER, & CO. Are replete with all Machinery, Types, ctn., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

BEWSEY ST., WARRINGTON.

• • .;•-• . • niedik Cf disora, whole sy,tem, , preventing j Their action is gentle., but their restorative and beneficial effects are unmistakeable in the mogt obstinate ca-es of LIVER COM- PLAINT, INDIGESTION, CONsI IPATION, HEADACHE, and all kindred ailments. Can be obtained at all Chemists and Stores. Wrapped in squar green packages. lil and 219 per tex. - •, • '4. , Outdoor ('ç? • rikirtles Sik 1116e:77.. 71, / , • „3,--.; In the cool of the garden, on the river, or anywhere in the open air, conditions are ideal for the enjoyment of the sweet, natural music of the MBIA .____ • e. • G. PH- . • aat h. taken ian all others s tartindars of cylinder and di, Askfor"EasyPO_vinent Terns, ;• alers, or Write ne,zrest branch. 'MONOGRAPH Co., Gen'l., Ixford St., London, W. .ion St., CARDIFF:96,-St.Alary St., ,cuEsrea : 54, Market St.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070907_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6

===== 0002601_19070907_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
ebe oranuntr Roertes OH WIIBB-BND 15111WEIPAPHRS COMPRISBS 1— ."11/1B WARRINGTON k MID-CHIISHIRB published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh Wlnwick, Padgett', Lymm. &di, being ne of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanes- hire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper corn- irises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanett. phire and Mid-Cheshire. (FHB RUNCORN 10/LAMINBR, published every Saturday _L morning. It is the best weekly paper In the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. - - - -

T------------ B WIDNES EXAISHNER published every Saturday EI morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a plilv growing centre of industry. TE BARLBSTOWN AND NEWTON IMAMINBR. published every Saturday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willow., Golborne, Haydock. Lowton. ie. The district thus =nisei 19U occst important part of the Lancashire coal - ds.

rptill ST. HELENS EXAMINEE, published evert' I. Saturday morninir, circulating in St. Helens, Prescot, Parr, Sutton. Peasley °rots. &o —the centre of the Glees, Chemizal and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

!PREPAID ADVERTISFMENTS. APARTMENTS WARTEr.. HOUSES WANTED.

APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BR SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISOBLLANBOUSYWANTS • ARTICLES FOUND, 311SOBLLANEOUS SALES. One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. Bd. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Od. 36 ... Is. Od. ... 21. 63. ... 4s. Od. ... 6s. Cd. 45 ... Is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... 54, Od. ... 7e. Od. 54 ... Is. 6d. ... 3s. SC. ... 6s. Od. ... Ios. Od.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Monteqtft gfperbantr3, etr.

WANTED. a superior GENERAL ;no wathing.—Apply BATHS NOVIL. Warrintrton.

WANTRD. ICIWHBICINIAID, about 16 to 18.—Mrs. lintz.nroir, Aronisfleld, Atherton.

WANTED, strone YOUNG WOMAN (good).—Apply 119, Sennur ST., 'Warrington.

Urr ANTED, thnrouvhly good GENERAL, must cook well. V T —lO, Elm HALL-DRIVY, Liverpool.

I) FQUIRBD, a good GRNBIIAL SHRVANT : must be an It early riser.—Mrs. Don, 23. York rd., Blrkdale.

WANTRD.—A rood General SRRVANT.—AppIy, 18, Wm.!Asurtemer. Warrington. W. J.

WANTED (good) iifINSFULL.—Anptv Mrs. Foßsulw, Ivy Mount, Latchford, Warrington.

WANTHD good GHNHRAG EIHRVANT, alto GIRL about 16.—WirL'AM9 42. Pottom o' tb' Moor. Wham,

AS HOUSBRBBPBR ; also General Help ; together ; good references.-511•5 SMITS Arnold House, Hnntaford.

wANTRD, *good GBNERAL.—AppIy YE OLDE WHITE SWAN', Lanaberhead Green, Wigan.

WANTHD. good GBNKRA L ; age over 20; character required —Apply. Mrs. CHarrola, Mayeroft, Stone rd. Stafford.

INIAN'TIOD, good G1314114114L ; no washing: references required. —Apply PARE VIEW IMF, off Brunahaw rd.,

Burnley

WANTBD, GIINBRAL. Farmhoare Girl preferred ; must he good washer and fond of ehildtan.-21, Laird at., Birkenhead.

WANTRP, LACERRAL ; good hnrne ; light duties.— Apply by letter, 20, Illacoavallos RD.. Whalley Range, Manchester.

WANTED experienced GENERAL ; 3 in family; rely. required; age about 23; £2o.—Devms, 13,:Lane6owne rd., Southport.

WANTBD, COOK-GBNERAT, where help is kept family five.—Apply Yomc HOUSE, Stockport rd. Timperley.

WANTED Young GIRL for housework and assist with children.—Apply, !stating wages, Mrs. CROMPTON, 2, High if.. Bolton.

WANTED GENERAL; ewperieneed ; Protestant; for one lady; od personal reference required.-54, pwnesiax BD.; •Hoylake.

WANTRn. GIiNTHItAL ; experienced; about 30; ornal family wages £l6 to £1.8.-oAir LEA, Green Lawn, Rock Ferry, Cheshire,

WSATBD a good girl as GIMBRAL, early riser; who can do plain cookinz ; no washing.—Apply, Mrs. READ, Threapwood, Malpae, Cheshire.

WANTRD RhdPRCTABLII Country GIRL about 16. comfortable borne, four in family, Mrs. BAYLDON, 54, Orreli-lane, Aintree, Liverpool.

WANTIsD. tidy, respectable GIRL, fond of children (to live in) comfortable hr,rne to good girl.-22, WAiswirK RT., NORTH, OLD Trafford, Manchester.

WANTBD, GRNVIRAL (Protestant). "dtnall house, all enties.'stond borne for suitable girl. References.— PooTn. 91, Toxtetb st.. Openshaw, Manchester.

RLHJT RVGIEI rliY. —WANTED grind Geneials, Conks, How,keepers. gousPruaidP,Nlir.ps. wai`ress —6O, BANK PARADE, Burnl.y : 75. .7rest,on tekbarn.

WANTRD at once a sl,,ncl plain COOK in a sun All A pply by lettfr, stating/ wages required, and enclosing references, to Mrs. COAR, 2, Manchester rd., Bury.

NVANTED Situation as HOUSICKERPHR to Gentleman where servant is kept, by single hdy, in or near "Mancbester.—Address BOTHAMLICY. Glentham. Line Mn.

WANTED, fIOCEIRM AID-WAITRESS, end of August ; age not under 21 ; wage £2O ; Protestant ; good reference.--Apply F,LIYINGEITON 13BUrs.Setton Park, Liverpool

WA NTRD COOK-MINERAL (go.ld) ; honse-parlourrnald kept ; no washimt ; rThntchwoman ; trod references. —Apply, with particular., Mr.. HEAP, Lyngarth, Rochdale.

WANTICD thormighly experiAnce(t HOUSTIVIA ID by ,erternber 17th, for Bove' Prep.ratory School 218.—Apply by letter )4124 MANNERS-SMETII, Holm Leigh, Buxton.

WANTED, GENPTIAL ; strong willing girl not, under 20. (Private house). Must he thoroughly respeetalle and hare fired referenen. Comfortable home ; good wages. —49, CARTE RD.. Hoylake

WANTIM PL &IN COOK, nd. snd Himse Parlour-maid Rge 22-30 : we £24-228 : housemaid kept - Chnrrhwornen : wood refs. Mrs. BURROWS, Christ Church Vicarnae, Ashton-under-Lyne.

WANTIM. HOTT9RvIATII-WAIIIIR99 in September; fnr family of four; rout hare good per.onal reference ; Protegtan.—Apply, at once, Mr.. CLANK, Fernhurst, Auglaton, near Ormakirk.

NvANTIC") experienced (tIiNERIL 3RRVANT, accus- tomed to all honsehold clones. and able to do plain ; age 17 to 21 ; good character and references necessary ; comfortable home and gnoi wages to suitable girl; map family ; 'nurse kent ; write, and if possib/e, enclose photograph,—Mrs. CAREY, Newholm, Knutsford, Cheshlre (no regiatry office).

===== 0002601_19070907_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
?FP Zet,

PRNICRTH.—GOOD HOUSICS WITH GARDRIIS, 3s. 9d per week, lbw, nottages 3e. 6d. And 2s. 6d. per week. Ivy LODGR.FROGHALL LINK redwed rent. wA.SH LANE MILL STRTIRT. OFFICE 9.cround floor. Also upper rooms. di, tgRW ROAD, rent 4s. 9d. per week. CORNRH SHOP 2, School Brow, reduced rent Sc, 6d. pee week. 67, c kTIIRRIN S'IRRRT, rent 39. 6d. per week. Apply HOBERT LOWE, Rstate Asigent,lso. I Bank-street War rtnenn ToenhnnP—Vn F.

TO LIU 17, FOLLY LAN.—Apply Woons & SoN Soliottorß. Horiemeriret Street, Wlrrinuton.

1110 LRT, HOUSE. Knntoford rd. Beautified thronghmit. U Rent £l7. Apply Js. B. ALDRI.D. Leigh Villas, Gr'DDenhall.

rllO LAT GOOD HOUSR, Parker street, rent 355. month 1 clear, will be cleaned for good tenant. —Apply WOODS & Sox, 8011eitors, Warrington.

TRTGH, Tn LRT in Town Chambers, opposite new Town A Hall a Suit/. of Offlees ; newly ch,eorated. eleotrie /tc. Large basement with two off rooms. Also one room 2e. Per week inelnsive.--J. Fr ITCI43FT, Derby Cottage, Leigh

AR A TAMNRRY OR OTRRRWTSR.

TO he Let or Hold Konteford rd. TANNYPIY, Groopenhall, 1 Warrington, Freehold, low rotes, convenient to canal or roil, water power, capable of tanning MO hide,' a week, eosilv enlarged good buildings. At liberty December ist.— Apply :ALFRED DARIN, Grappenhali.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Vouitrp, Cgt3s, ett.

OLDTCN WYANDOTTHP, White Orpingtons, Indian .1r Game Cocks from 71. 6th Hens 55.—PERCIVAT„ Burnham, Somerset.

POwL CORN. 7s. , 10s. 8&, 12s. qd. 24C11bs. ; Fdod, 7e. 84. and Ponitry Meal, P. and 10s. per 20011)8,- 110 cm.: Asn Co . 15, Goree Liverpool. Mention paper.

PRINTING OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS, Auctioneers and Tradesmen. INVOICES, Raled or Plain, printed to any size or pattern, on blue, white, or fancy papers. CIRCULARS in the neatest style. from modern type and of the best workmanship. ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed fr 9.22 ?late or type.

JOHN WALKER Ez CO., f, EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

HATE A GREAT REPUTATION TOR EFFECTIVE POSTER PRINTING.

Plain or in two or more colours to make a bold and striking dioplay on Hoardings and walls.

IlatEctellancouo, on ealts, ttt.

-DI EAUTIFUL Golden Hair; boo to obtain it; recipe le. SINDALZ, Royal Oak Place, Lee.

TOB OBBAM.—Oatalogne of Freezers,Powders, eto., free . HILLMAN. Oahe a Co., Hammersmith, W.

QPBOIAL MTH% 12 ooloared Roo Picking Post Cards; 1.-, 6d. free.—Ouviare SToBEB, Boole., Maidstone.

DIOTURN POSTOARDS.—Post bee, 20, 74. ; 50, Is. id. 1 —Thostveox. 19, Dowsett "'venue. Totseolaam.

DBlifii'S Perfect Violin Strings ; magnificent tone. Sample 1_ string 4d —Plumy. Bishop's titnrtford. Herts.

MINItITURH PORTRAIT 3, 18 for lb.—Send photo to W. A. V., Tiverton rd, Hounslow, London.

100 , 12110LI2JsP;dintelt00:ralre iyeasiliiiilhealtdArlmlst?Ow. .". 3d.

BLOUSE SPECIALIST COSTUVIIIIII.—Ladies' material made up.—ldinfi. Dew, 17 Pope's rd., Briton.

T.B.—Strongest Manna tn-scle ; Patent No. 24,400. Agents wanted.—Lß. Co., 113, Rockliffe at., Blackburn.

LI HOPKIMPHRS' good selling Id. lines, 3 doz. assorted U J h. ed, post free.—Lustzav,Colernan it., Wolverbsrapton

(OT. GOLD MBRRYTHOUGHT 1311000E1, 5g.; real f./ bargain.—L. A. 8., 77. Denrhark rd., Camberwell, S.B.

TIIPHWRIPING neatly and promptly executed, 7d. per 1,008 worde.—BMlltBT Tnxix2R, Bridge it., Btowmarket.

100 BMW Ivory Visiting Cards, 18.84., sample free.— SPEAKMAL37OIItheroe rd.,Longsikht,Manchester.

T IlatiftlOlCS, 3 extra smart lines 4& any paper. 1.4 HARTSEroBN, 41 Tintern rd., Han isworth, Birmingham.

VT AGlC.—Marvelloue Pocket Cricket Bat with instrue- -131 tions. Free fki.—lfiaaia, Magician, Stoke-on-Trent.

T OVRLY COMPLRXION, try Cubeys Cologne Crean, _LA tree Bd. and is. 2d. —CUBIT. Chemist, Bleydon-on-Tyne.

WORMS in Dome ; " Keeperl " Ville ; no stervatiln. —Of Chemists. ls. 6d. per box, or ;post free. 2. Bumf 87. W.. Elonthsee.

TO FARMARS ani Manure Manufacturers.—Shoddy Dirt 1 on Bale cheap; price ils. for waggon load of 4 tons ; cash with order.—Apply JAmits LEirs,Willow st. Mill,Oldtam.

iDougeY anb Kanb on Oak.

LIOR BALB.—Hones freehold, £259 to £475, one with r eoachhouse.-111ArrwiwP, Bellevue rel.,9outhenel,Rssex

===== 0002601_19070907_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Alodianeous, on g'alt, at.

3ntie6tments, Obarts, Btr.

The Examiner Saturday, September 7 1907.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
2500 PROVIDRNT BOND.Bal!ot Seotlon.paid £Bl 4s. accept £60.-13moP, 14 York rd.. Maidenhead.

liftotor earg,eveles, Q;arriagto, etc

VOR SALR. good 4-WHERL DRAY.—Apply ISAAC 1: LAWRENCE Awn EONS, Ince Brewery. near Wigan.

FOR SALK—Light LURRY, £9 ; Governess Car, £3.— OWEN & PYE Mill Poultry Farm, Burtonwood.

IJ3artittrObti3o, SllsStneoqrs.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Ultlantei.

ritNEORREI MAY BI HAD at the " EXAMINER " CFF/CE, 13Pweev et., Warrington, Id. per load Own.

A GIINTB Wanted for Mach'nery Beltincr.—write TH^MSON, rt, ORESSWELL & 00., 101, Leadenhall Ft., Lnndon.

M°TOP-TOURING, at home or abroad, conducted hy aentTeman owner.—LETGHTOY,q, Princes st., Ipswich.

A GENTS WANTI4D. either seY, Private Xmas Cards ; best commissim—STANLEY PUBLISHING WoRKS, Wallinoton

"DRIVATH CHRISTMAS CARDS. Agent@ uanted. Booke free. Best tOMMiSSion.-97, T. STEPHENS RD., Bradford.

Ofatrfmonp

t I MATRIMONIAL TIMM." the beat and quickest intro- ductory medium for all desiring a matrimonial alliance ; price 6d.. in sealed envelope.—Address EDITOR Robert liadfo:d 5, Featherstone Buildings, Holborn, W.

M"

iimainsimmi.J

===== 0002601_19070907_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
ebutatton.

DACKWARD or Delicate Children receive special attention at Ivydene School, Headley, Hantt.--A.oply PRLICCIPLL.

AT THE CHEAPEST RATES EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. Plain or in two or more colours, are the most attractive that can be produced, and make a very bold and striking display on Hoardings and Walls. BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULERS, &c THE EXAMINER SERIES. ESTIMATES FREE, LITHOGII A PHERS. 13GOKBINDERS. STATIONERS. TEA PARTIES. ANNOUNCEMENTS DANCES; CONCHRTB. BAZAARS. MEETINGS. BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON JOHN WALKER AND CO.

THE President of the Trades

OLD-AGE Union Congress talks as if PENSIONS, AND in national affairs it were THE COST. not necessary to take finan-

cial considerations into account,inasmuch as a Chancellor of the Exchequer with a majority behind him can raise as much money as he likes by increasing taxation and by borrowing freely. The study of questions of national finance from this point of view has, it must be admitted, been greatly encouraged by South African War experiences. We then increased annual expenditure by more than double the cost of the realisation of the most expensive old-age pension scheme that has yet been thought of, whilst also adding immensely to the National Debt. But the consequences have, surely,not been a matter of congratulation,as seems to be assumed by those who think, or appear to think, that the more a nation is burdened by taxation the happier it must be? We shall be paying heavily for years to come fct the extrava- gances of the South African War ; and, whatever Mr. GILL may think, the paymeLt will have to come out of the pockets of the producers. It has not yet ceased to be true that, as JOHN BRIGHT stated the case, a stone set . rclling down stairs bounds from step to step until it lies, heavy and inert, at the bottom. Mr. GILL ',declares that the only satisfactory solution of the old-age pension question would be a scheme that would be universal, non-contributory, and non-discriminatory. This means that when they arrived at a certain age all the members of the community would be entitled to draw an old- age pension, the MARQUIS OF CARABAS equally with BILL JAKES. The President of the Trades Union Congress proposes to put the age at sixty. Are we all too old at sixty? Few of us would be willing to admit that, unless it were for the purpose of obtaining a pension. When a man took his pension it is to be pre- sumed that he would retire from work; but why should he do so if he is in good health and is earning good wages? This is one aspect of the case that is worthy of some consideration. There are no calculations to show what a ss. a week pension commencing at sixty would cost to the nation. The President of the Trades Union Con- gress has, in fact, flown a little higher than other , theoriaecs on the subject. It would cost, at any rate, ever £30,000,000 a year. Where is that very ' large amount to come from? Mr. GILL declines to %rimer the question, and even to consider it. He thrown the responsibility on the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER. "It is DO part of our duty to show where the money can be found," he ' remarks. That is as it may be.

"Aim high" is a classic and mc.st admirable injunction. It is Americanised and illuminated by EMERSON in the famous phrase, " Hitch your waggon to a star." Mr. GILL certainly aims high enough, for he aims at something out of sight. We must admit, however, that there is provocation for doing this in such proposals as that which SIR ALFRED LYALL, SIR EDWARD 131/AIIIIOOK, and LORD AVEBURY have addressed to the " Times." Admitting that old-age pensions are inevitable, these titled persons set out a scheme for reducing them to a minimum, that ia, for pay- ing out as little as possible. Nobody would be entitled to benefit from the State except on his own contributions, and the extent of the benefit would be, say, an extra 1 per cent. on the Savings Bank rate. Here is a maximum, with a vengeance. Between the maximum of Mr. GILL and the minimum of Lord AVEBURY and his friends the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER has "room and verge enough" for really every variety of practi- cable scheme. And, of course, any scheme pro- posed to Parliament by the Government must be of a quite practicable and reasonable character. It must not be of the wild-cat variety.

We hope our readers BOROUGH FINANCE. will study the lengthy extracts from the Borough Treasurer's annual financial statement which we print in another column. There is a mass of information given which is well worth the thought- ful consideration of every ratepayer who takes an interest in municipal government and cares to know what it costs. There are no very striking features in the report, which contains the usual aggregate balance statement showing a balance of borough assets over liabilities of £456,542 us. The returns from various departments are of chief interest. For instance the accounts of the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee show that there has been, during the year, an expenditure of ..-C25 on the bowling green at Victoria Park ; caretaker's wages have amounted to £5B 18s., and the recdipts from bowlers total ; £54 10s. The green is obviously filling a very use- ful and commendable purpose at an infinitesimal annual cost. We hope the experiment, having now proved its success, will be proceeded with in other parts of the town. Bowling greens are of equal value to the town's people as public baths, and we notice that the latter have" made "a loss of £256 16s. 6d.—which is not a great deal. The town might well spend £l,OOO a year on the pro- vision of recreative and bathing facilities for the public.

Warrington is still far BEAUTIFUL from beautiful—Alderman WARRINGTON. Bennett so recently as Saturday described it as "intolerably ugly" in many places—but the members of the Beautiful Warrington Society are working hard to improve it. Their efforts have been attended with a considerable measure of success, as witness the brighter appearance of the streets through the more liberal introduction of flowers. At one time the idea of holding a suc- cessful horticultural show in Warrington would have aroused pitying scorn, but Saturday saw the second exhibition of the kind which the Society has promoted and no-one could deny that it was a great., credit to al grimy manufacturing town. It can no longer be ; questioned that choice blooms will grow in War- rington, and there is every encouragement to the Society to persevere in its somewhat ambitious programme. The most gratifying feature of all is that the juvenile section is making splendid progress, no fewer than 1300 plants cultivated by the children being submitted to the judges. AL praise is due to the teachers, and particularly to Mr. F. H. Longshaw, the secretary of the section, who are doing their utmost to imbue the youngsters with a love for the beautiful. As the Mayer pointed out, however, much remains to be done in this direction, for gardens still suffar through wanton depredations. Nothing can be more discouraging to the house- holder who carefully tends his little piece of land than to have pretty flowers pulled up by the roots, and until the rising generation is sufficienbly impressed with the evil of such vandalism Warrington will not become the beautiful place that we all desire it to be.

The discussions at the THE VALUE CF THE Trades Union Congress TRADES-UNION prove that this, the oldest CONGRESS. of the federations of trade

organisations in our country, has not lost its ancient claim to be regarded as the real "Parliament of Labour." Where else can the Marxian, the Liberal-Labourist, and the CJonservative-Labourist, with all their intermediate grades, meet together in a common conclave? The basis of the Labour Party excludes from its councils all who do not pledge themselves to political action apart from the two ancient parties in the State; the doings at the annual meeting of the General Federation of Trades Unions are never heard of by the man in the street. It is true these two organisations have machinery for carrying into effect: the resolutions passed, and 'can, therefore, afford to stigmatise the Trades Union Congress as "a mere talking shop. Perhaps however, this may be regarded as only another 1 way of stating that it is,, a Parliament, and its discussions, if they tend to be informal, are not , therefore useleis. It may be true that the secession of the Engineers marks the beginning of a move- ment which will eventually reduce the Congress to a position of much less importance, but it must be admitted that hitherto it has filled a place which no other body attempts to fill, and its mediation is likely to bring concord into the divided ranks of Labour if anything will. We note that a usually highly-respectable London paper has stated that some of the delegates "were distinctly seen to Ishudder on being told they would have to go to Bath." The suggestionis ungentlemanly,especially as the journal would be one of the first to claim superior manners for the classes whose views it voices.

The King's Speech had a , INDIA'S "PAUSING reference to India which DIFFICULTIES." may stir up the melancholy critics. We shall hear again ' that people in this country do not think sufficiently of India—nor do they, verily. It is inconceivable to most folks that the British Empire should be boxed up like a hat and sent packing. Yet what is there but prestige against it? Out of every 10,000 persons in India, bay the Jeremiahs, thirty- four males and three and a half females only are returned as "literate in English," and there are but 2,000 British officers in a native Army of 140,000. The entire British garrison in India is 74,000. Is it not conceivable that that may be adequate for all the total population of 294 millions? But there is another menace, say the critics. We have heard much of it lately. The day is coming, and now is, when the Bengali by examination papers threatens to oust the entire Imperial service. Between these two stools we fall. That is the judgment of the lugubrious critic whose imagina- tion is affected by what happened fifty years ago. Dr. W: H. Fitchete, who was in India last year, has written a series of articles in the Tribune to show both sides of the case, and he is the more entitled to speak because he has just seen with his own eyes modern problems and historic scenes, and has already manufactured spirited books upon this theme. The pessimists must not be allowed to have it all their own way. India knows what England has done for her, and she knows, more- over, to-day in what her welfare consists.

W. HODGKINSON, LINITTEP:

===== 0002601_19070907_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRST DELIVERY OF

NEW AUTUMN GOODS.

BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Readers who are admirers of the Park Aviary and Aquarium will be interested to learn that it costs £32 12s. 9d. to feed the birds and fishes. * * * ' There have been three picnics from St. Clement's Mission during the month—one to Blackpool, another to Hollinfare, and a third to Bank-street. So the humorous writer in the Parish Magazine informs us. It transpires that the Band of Hope had arranged a picnic to Preston Brook, but the rain descended so copiously that they never left Bank-street, the outing being postponed until a more favourable day. • 0 One way to shorten the Council meetings is to tire out some of the verbose members earlier in the day. The Local Government Board Inquiry on Tuesday satiated the mayor and others so much that His Worship appealed to members to cut their remarks short at the Council meeting. For a wonder they did so, and the business was got through without any argument worth speaking of in about 20 minutes. * _

If you reward your workers unequally, who shall decide, and how, the relative value of their work? Who shall take upon himself to say, " I adjudge Lord Kelvin's work to be worth so many hundred brass State tokens, and that of John Beetle, the paviour, to be worth a dozen, and, Amen, thus shall they be paid?" This also savours not of sweet content in your pattern Commonwealth.—" Socialist," in the Standard."

===== 0002601_19070907_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
* 0 0

.

at. • • . •

A Kingston tradesman, having stocked his window with a hair restorer guaranteed to produce" a luxuriant growth" on almost anything, a fellow tradesman and friend sent him a worn-out broom to be treated in appreciation of the advertisement. Not to be outdone, the hairdresser purchased a new broomhead and returned it to his facetious friend, together with a bill for the cost of the new crop! The account was promptly met by the would-be joker.

_ COG- Ice in September is the latest phase of the climatic vagaries. Two degrees of frost were registered during Tuesday night at Eccleston, near Chester, and on Wednesday morning there was a thin coating of ice on the small. pools in the neighbourhood. It will be remembered that about this time last Year we were enjoying a temperature approaching 90 degrees. Needless to say, if the frost continues great havoc will be wrought amongst the crops. * * * The Limerick " craze " this week was strongly in evidence at Padgate, for at the Garden Fête held in connection with the Padgate Parish Church three prizes were offered for the best last line. The verse is about a young lady named Kate and the Garden Fete. Whatever may be the fate of the young lady named Kate at the Garden Fete there can be no question as to the ultimate fate of the proceeds. They will be swallowed up in good works—at least le , us hope so.

[Green bowler hats for men are to be fashionable this autumn.] Oh, Paddy, dear, and did you hear the news that's going round? Green bowlers are the only wear where Irishmen are found, And when the verdant billycock adorns each Irish head, We'll show the hated Sassenach the Green above the Red!

"London Opinion." a o There was not much light thrown on the Sankey Canal Bridge improvement scheme at the meeting of the Town Council on Tuesday. Apparently, the new bridge will cost the London and North-Western Rail- way Company £3,000 or £4,000, but there is no liability on the part of any local authority like War- rington to find any of the money. The suggestion from the county authorities that Warrington should find -5750 seems to have been uncalled for, and it has certainly been firmly repudiated. Anyhow there is a prospect of the scheme being taken in hand before very long. No one will be sorry to see the last of the paltry wooden structure which has to take all the road traffic between Warrington and Liverpool. * * * The" Glasgow Evening News " commenting on the Duke of Argyll getting 241 years' purchase for the land at Kilcreggan says the case is on a level with long prices in connection with Rosyth and other places, and further slggests "that our great land- owners should set a good example instead of seeking to screw the last penny out of the nation and extort prices they would get from no private buyer." No fantastic-will-o'-the-wisp-hypothetical value here —it is the plain feu-value, so much scoffed at by the tub-thumping opponents of the Land Values Bill in Parliament. Nor could the Professors of Political Economy make out how such land could be valued for building purposes. It does not seem to have given the Duke's agents much trouble. These gentlemen should have been up before the Select Committee. 0 0

In succession to Mr. Lloyd George, the Right Hon. Sidney Buxton, M.P. (Postmaster-General), who has early in the year addressed a Liberal demonstration at Warrington, accepted the presidency of the Young British Liberals Federation, and will deliier his presidential address on Saturday, October 12th. This year Manchester has been chosen as the place of meeting. In the morning a session of the National Congress will be held when the question of amalgama- tion with the League of Young L;berals will be finally settled. A public conference will occupy the afternoon and resoluti-ons concerning Government appointments, the House of Lords, a Ministry of Commerce, &c., will be debated. In the evening a reception will be given and Mr. Buxton will make an important speech upon the work of the recent Parliamentary session. The signal success of last year's meetings. when Mr. Lloyd George made his historic re-entry into Birmingham, is likely to be repeated.

* The Local Government Board inquiry held at the Town Hall on Tuesday was one of the most protracted affairs of its kind that we have had for some time. The amount involved was large—some S.43,ooo—and the inspector investigated the why and wherefore of the expenditure in great detail. As was to be expected, the economists had their say, the Property Owners' and Tradesmen's Associations being legally represented, and criticisms were freely passed. 'The greater part of the money is wanted for Istreet widening purposes, and occasion was taken to protest against the Corporation being com- mitted to the purchase of property without the sanction of the Council. The discussions on this vexed question will be fresh in the minds of our readers, and it is only necessary to remark that they culminated in the abolition of the Property Purchasing Committee, so that the Council is now in a position,to exercise a tighter hand in these important matters. Even Alderman Bennett could not justify all the pur- chases made being judicious and it is imperative that strict regard should be paid to the interests of the ratepayers in expending these large sums.

It is seldom that the musical world sustains within a few days two such losses as the death of Joachim and Grieg—the foremost violinist and one of the most distinguished composers of the day. The personality of Joachim (says the London correspondent of the " Liverpool Post and Mercury ") was familiar to the London concert-goer. Grieg was known mainly through his writings. His visits to England were infrequent, but when he came among us last summer, and conducted an orchestral concert at Queen's Hall, the enthusiasm of his reception proved abundantly the depth of the affection in which he was held in this country. Grieg takes high rank among modern composers. His fascinating gifts cannot justly be compared with the mighty genius of Wagner or Tschaikowsky, but as a poet of nature, an interpreter of the spirit of his own land, its mountains, fjords,and forests, and the folk-lore of its people, and their trans- lator into music of the daintiest and most piquant character, be has no equal. His works have long been among the first favourites in London concert halls. The "Peer Gynt "Suite No. 1 never fails to captivate, and during the promenade season of the Queen's Hall scarcely a week passes without it figur- ing in the programme. Indeed, during the present season it is down for performance twice in more than one week.

The canine "confidence trick "" was played on me most persistently the other morning (writes a " Man- chester Guardian " correspondent). I have a walk of about two miles to the railway station, and soon after leaving home I noticed an Irish terrier plodding along some twenty yards behind me. To test the animal's intentions I stopped and looked over a hedge. He stopped also, and affected to be totally unconscious of my existence. I walked on; se did he. I crossed the road ; he followed, still keeping the same distance between us, and carefully looking anywhere but in my direction. "Go home! ' I shouted to him sternly, whereupon he looked up with an air of troubled simplicity, as if to say, "It's not your road, is it ? " There was no time to argue, so I walked on quickly, and he continued to trot after me. He had, in fact adopted me, and it was impossible to lose him. Close by the station, however, he turned into an entry, and I fairly ran down the steps and on to the platform, to the astonishment of two or three friends. The train came in a moment after, I got into a carriage and slammed the door. As the train began to move, that precious dog came down the steps and hurried along the platform, glancing earnestly along the line of carriages. I felt as mean as if Inhad deceived him and left him in the lurch.

* * The report that coal is to go up five shillings a ton before the winter, reminds a Manchester Guardian" correspondent of a story he was told some years ago by one of the oldest inhabitants of Upholland, near Wigan. One winter, early in the nineteenth century, coal was unusually dear and poor folk hard put to it to keep themselves and their children from freezing to death. This tragic winter brought a new terror to the village. It was whispered that a ghostly funeral procession could be seen almost any night passing through the churchyard. At Upholland there is a public path which bisects the churchyard, and it was along this path that the funeral passed. Many people coming home late at night saw it, and their descriptions tallied—a white coffin with bearers and mourners all clothed from head to foot in white. At last some llold spirits agreed to watch, and on the very first night they were rewarded by seeing the ghostly procession slowly walking through the churchyard. Instead of running away at this proof of the genuineness of the apparation, the watchers approached in a body. Thereupon the ghostly pro- cessionists dropped the coffin and took to their heels. The coffin was found to be full of coal, and further inquiries discovered that wholesale stealing of coal had been carried on for some time by a gang of men. Coal not being an easy thing to steal on a large scale, they had hit on this method of safe transport.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
index to Inside Pages.

PAGE 2. Women's Chat and Fashions. Serial Story. 4. Street Widening Inquiry. Rural District Council. Appleton Rifle Range. Local Churches. 6. Town Council. Penketh News. Children's Corner. 7. Cricket and Bowling. Board of Guardians. Science Notes.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
SIIDDBN DEATH ON RAILWAY PLATFORM.

On Monday afternoon Thomas M'Elroy, a visitor from Keighley to Poulton, was standing in the railway station of the latter town with his wife and daughter when he collapsed and died almost immediateiy.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19070907_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I-

===== 0002601_19070907_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
TAKE THIS TO DAY To your Chemist for the New ,Remedy:for NERVES, STOMACH AND KIDNEYS. Costs only a Few Pence.

A new remedy has lately been brought to light which is now being recommended and prescribed everywhere. It is made from a famous prescription by a noted specialist, and is called Dr. Cassell's Tablets. It costs only a few pence, and we advise all persons, young or old, who are suffering from any form of nerve or bodily weakness, or such complaints as indigestion, weakness of the kidneys and back, palpitation. loss of flesh or appetite, weak lungs, and those who are in any way thin, weak, nervous, or badly developed, to try these tablets. Stout people may take them without fear of increase of adipose tissue, because of their extraordinary power of converting fat into sound healthy flesh, blood, bone and muscle. The price is only 100. and any chemist will supNy Dr. Cassell's Tablets. The public are to be congratulated in now being able to secure this famons remedy, for everyone who takes it are astonished at its marvellous strengthening effect.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON,

HUMANITY 'FIRST.

At a Labour demonstration at Bristol on Sunday, Mr J. A. Seddon, M.P., spoke of the necessity of old-age pensions, and asked bow long would they treat aged poor worse than the law permitted them to treat animals. Humanity stood first with the Labour party whether towards children or aged poor. LORD NEWTON DEFENDS THE LORDS. CHECK AGAINST "RECKLESSNESS."

I"The threats and denuniciations levelled against the 1 House of Lords by a Socialistic and Radical Govern- ! ment " were dealt-with by Lord Newton and other 1 speakers at a Primrose League demonstration held at Garswood Hall on Saturday afternoon.—Lady Gerard, Dame President of the Newton-le-Willows Branch of the Primrose League,. presided, and explained the ; principal objects of their organisation. The maintenance 'of the Constitution, she said, was a vital principle of , the Primrose League, and they must be firm and united ' in this now that it was being attacked not only by the , 1 Socialists but also by a Radical Government. They , , had -two members of the House of Lords with them that 1 , afternoon, and both of them were on their trial. The : Radicals told them that the Hquse of Lords were I opposed to reform' and yot Mr. Winston Churchill was ; busily advertising the fact that . the Government had : passed forty measures in twenty-one days.—(latighter)— , Mr. Makse, editor of the" National Review," moved a resolution of want of confidence in the present Govern . !ment, and of "emphatic protest against the revolu- tionary policy of the present Radical and Socialistic ! Government.' —Lord Newton said it was not within the ' bounds of human probability that he would ever stand ' again for the Newton division, because, in spite of what I was said against the House of Lords, he did not think , that House would come to an end in his lifetime. The i' old Conservative spirit in that division was as strong as ever, and they were only waiting for an opportunity to prove the strength of their position. (Cheers.) He , did not suppose there was anybody present who had any confidence in the present Government. He sometimes 1 I wondered if their own supporters had that confidence in • their leaders which they professed. The Government . was known to cherish strong Socialistic proclivities, but it was interesting to observe that the Socialists appeared to be as adverse to toe Government as the Conservatives were. (Laughter.) They had no con- fidence in the Government and the same Could be said of the Home Rulers. Lord Gerard and himself appeared before them more or less in the character of political criminals. According (to the Liberal opposi- tion they could not do right. If a measure dealing with the working classes was sent up to the Lords they were told that they should have no voice in the matter, because they could not understand anything about the working classes, and that they had no business to have any opinion, much less express one, on a subject of that kind. If, on the other hand, a measure was sent up dealing with the land—a question upon which they were supposed to have some knowledge—they were told that it was grossly unfair for them to deal with it or vote upon it because they were interested and prejudiced persons. A vast mass of undigested measures were rushed through the House of Commons by the weight of a purely mechanical majority without giving the apposition time to discuss them. These measures were afterwards sent to the House of Lords with the intimation that they were to be pissed in the course of a few days—if possible in the course of a few hours—without material alteration. This kind of procedure was supposed to represent the will of the people—the will those who belonged to Radical and Socialist clubs, and of those who voted for Radical candidates: Whatever defects there were in the House of Lords, and he admitted that a diligent scrutiny may discover some defects, it was still an effective check against anti-national and reck- less legislation. (Cheers.) He seconded the resolution. —Colonel R. Pilkington maintained that the Govern- ment introduced measures out of mere spite. Their opponents were doing their best to stir up a campaign against the House of Lords. He believed that if some of the measures had been passed without revision by the House of Lords they would have wrecked the cquntry.—The resolution was passed, and the meeting ' adcorded a vote of thanks to Lady Gerard for presiding.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
• . • r

c" ;&''

"'N!!'"*4.,l!, -""

===== 0002601_19070907_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW STREETS.

Mr. Hallows moved and Mr. Mynekyme seconded a resolution in favour of the making and paving of Farrell-road and Alfred-street, Stockton Heath, which was carried.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM SEWERAGE.

The Frodsham and Frodsham Joint Sewerage Com- mittee reported that the engineer had reported to them that Mr. Oxley had refused to sign the contract unless they paid him ss. per ton more for cast iron pipes 12 inches in diameter and 6s. 61 for such pipes under 12 inches in diameter because of the increase in the price of iron. and the committee recommended that these prices be paid if :\lr. Oxley at once signed the contract. Mr. Roylance : It would make a great difference in the price? Mr. Davies: About £l2O. The resolution was passed. INSPECTOR. OF NUISANCES.

Mr. Woodward moved that Mr. Farrington be re- appointed inspector of nuisances at a salary of £l9O per year and £lO for the inspection of canal boats, which was agreed to.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE COMMITTEE.

Mr. Woodward read the report of the Finance Com- mittee which showed that the payments amounted to £420 3s. id. leaving a balance of £5,749 16s. 7d. RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of this Board was held on Tuesday at Dutton Workhouse. There were present : Mr. Thomas Baxter Oa the chair) Messrs. J. Spruce, T. Wright. W. M. Morris, S. Woodward, C. E. Linaker senior, Peter Booth, T. Collins, A.Haining, C. Roylance, J. Myneky me, J. Douglas, J. Hallows, J. Y. Davies, G. Pilling, J. W. Temperley, J. L. Jones, G. Egerton- Warburton, A. H. Talbot and J. Stokes, G. F. Ashton (clerk), J. Cook, W. R. dePrez, and J. Pearson (relieving officers). TETE VAGRANCY QUESTION.

The Bodmin Union asked the Guardians to pass a resolu- tion impressing upon the Local Government Board and His Majesty's Government the necessity of at once dealing with the question of vagrancy:The difficulty aris- ing through the alarming increase in the number of tramps, the impracticability of suitably employing them in the workhouses at a profit and,they reared, the serious menace in the future to the peace and well-being of the country, led the Board to the conclusion that the most practical solution of the difficult problems was the establishment of labour colonies of the Government works at which vagrants should be compulsory employed on remunerative labour. They believed that such employment under proper regulations might be not only of great importance to the vagrants themselves but also of financial benefit to the State. Consideration of the letter was deferred on the motion of Mr. Morris, until the Board received the report of the deputation to the North Western Poor Law Coaference,,at which the Clerk said this subject would be dealt with.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW PREMISES.

On the recommendation of the Furnishing (New Buildings) Committee, it was resolved to invite the tenders of Messrs. R. Garnett and Sons, Ralph Johnson and J. H. Greenhalgh and Co. in respect to the furnish- ing of the new extensions—Nurses Home, Maternity Wards, etc. VA.COINIATION FEES.

Mr. Woodward said the Vaccination Committee had met the vaccination officers that(Tuesday) morning, and had ' set before them the revised scale of remuneration for their services, of which the committee had not received the officers' approval. The committee were unanimous in approving of the scale submitted, and they expected to bear from the officers, and it would be desirable to make the scale strictly private until they had come to a definite arrangement with the officers. It was possible they would say the scale was not acceptable and resign. Mr. Morris said the officers might go on strike. (Laughter.) Mr. Rovlance : There is not much fear of that. (Laughter) Mr. Woodward said it was Unfair to say their officers might go on strike, and that should not go forth. The Committee had arrived at their decision almost unani- mously, but they had not the acceptance by the medical officers, and until this was settled it would be better that the matter should remain where it was. Mr. Hallows seconded, and the motion was agreed to.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE COMMITTEE.

Mr. Woodward read the report of the above com- mittee, which showed that the payments amounted to £441 19s. 4c1., and the balance in hand to £5,544 us. scl PROMOTION OF A WIDNES POLICEMAN. Sergeant Myles Burton, of the Widnes Division of the Lancashire Constabulary, has been promoted to the rank of inspector, and will take up his duties at Skelmersdale in the Ormskirk Division. Lae joined the force in 1883, and commenced duties at Wigan, afterwards at Prescot and Rochdale. In 1894 he' was promoted to the rank of sergeant. MEASLES EPIDEMIC AT RUNCORN. The monthly meeting of the Runcorn Urban District Council was held on Wednesday, Mr. Thomas Jones presiding. The Medical officer reported that during August there were 24 deaths and 50 births, as compared with 28 deaths and 48 births in the corresponding month of last year. The Local Government Board wrote pointing out that in the quarter ending June 30th there were 28 deaths from measles, and they asked for a report from the medical officer as to the origin of the disease, and the measures taken to prevent the spread of the disease. The Council instructed Mr. td`Dougall to furnish the reporc without delay. BRAVE RUNCORN BOY. In the presence of the assembled scholars of Runcorn Parish Church School, on Wednesday, the Royal Humane Society's certificate on vellum, in a handsome gilt frame, was presented to Master Harry Rogers, son of Mr. Arthur Rogers, butcher, of Egerton-street, Runcorn, for his bravery in saving his younger brother from. drowning in the Ship Canal. Councillor Littler, J.P., made the presentation, and extolled the boy's gallant conduct and exhorted his fellow-scholars to emulate his manliness and courage. The teachers of the Parish Church Sunday School have also presented Rogers with a valuable silver watch and chain. -

- - - RUNCORN INSTITUTE SECONDARY SCHOOL. At the meeting of Runcorn Urban District Council on Wednesday, Mr. T. Jones presiding, the Board of Edu- cation forwarded a copy of an application made by the Cheshire County Council Education Committee for a new scheme for the management of the Runcorn Insti- tute Secondary School. The scheme included a govern- ing body of thirteen members (of whom three were to be women), seven appointed by the County Council, three by the Urban Council, two by the Rural Council, and one by Liverpool University. The Board of Edu- cation pointed out that the trust deed of the institute gave the council no power of letting the promises as a secondary school, and their use for such a school was irregular and unauthorised. The board, therefore, invited the council to apply for authority to use the premises for the purposes for education other than those provided by the deed. Mr. Marshall (secre- tary) narrated the circumstances which led to the institute being used as a secondary School, and said although it looked on the face of it as though the council had done an illegal thing, they had the sanction of the Science and Art Department for what had been libne A new room, to which Sir John Brunner gave g3OO, was built at a cost of £l,OOO to meet the require- ments of that departatent.—The subject was referred to a committee for full consideration.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

FUNERAL OF A ST. HELENS TRADESMAN. The funeral of Mr. Anthony Shell, one of the best known to fish salesmen in the St. Helens market, took place at St. Helens Cemetery on Sunday. The cortege, which left his residence at Knotty Ash where he passed sw9.y after a long illness, was followed by a large number of mourners and friends associated with him in business. The chief mourners were :—.Ars. Emma Sheil (widow), Mrs. Shell (mother), Mrs. Keen, Mrs. Frodsham, and the Misshs Annie and Florrie Shell (sisters), Mr. and Ars. Charles Shell (brother and sister- in-law), llr. Joseph Shell (uncle), Mr. Thomas Hacking (father-in-law), Dr. Mahony, Mr, George and Mrs. Bailey, Mr. and Nlrs• Thomas Bailey, Thomas Gunn (nephew), Miss Roberts (cousin), Mr. Thompson. Mr. and Mrs. Travis. The pall-bearers were Messrs. Owens, Lewis, Rogers, Keen, Gunn, and Williams. The floral tributes were numerous. The arrangements were carried out by Messrs. J. Whittaker and Sons, Everton. Liverpool. GLASSAAKER'S ESCAPADE. LEAVES WIFE AND SEVEN CHILDREN. John Edward Frodsham, a St. Helens glassmaker, who had been arrested on his discharge from Lancaster Gaol, admitted to the St. Helens bench on Wednesday i that he had left his wife, and not sent anything for the support of his seven children for over a year.—Mr. Cottam, relieving officer, said Frodsham left his family 1 on July 27 last year.i He had been in a good position at Pilkington's plate-glass works, but went away, and the wife had to apply to the guardians. She sold up her home, and the guardians took three of the younger children. For some time Mrs. Frodsham managed to support herself and the four children, but ultimately the guardians had to pay Gs. per week for the other children. The wife had received love letters that Frodsham had vvritten to another woman, but her first intimation as to her husband's whereabouts was a letter she received from him from Lancaster Gaol on August Ist Inst. The cost to the guardians had been £34 10s. Frodsham said that in 1899 he became entangled with money-lenders. He had a fairly good Tiosition under Messes. Pilkington, with whom 1 he had been for twenty-three years. In 1905 he was in I great difficulty, and when things were at their worst a ' change was made in the method of manufacture, and his wages were reduced from 41s. to 325. 6d, a week

The Examiner, Saturday, September 7, 1907.

Property Assets Liabilities. and Outlay. s. d. s. d. Borough Rate 79,132 6 10 138,888 6 11 Improvement Rate Sewers Rate Museum and Library Education

Parr Hall 862 4 7 9;680 2 9 Police _Superannuation

Fund Private Improvement Expenses 12,480 5 0 12,480 5 0 Gas Works Water Works 409,141 13 7 455,596 11 3 Electricity Tramways Middleton Scholarship Fire Engine Renewal . 520 16 7 Latchford and Wilders- pool Causeway Walker's Gift

1 2 0 15,671 8 9

1,273,337 13 11i 1,729,880 5 2

COST OF THE POLICE FORCE.

The Watch Department's expenditure totalled £7,720 6s. 4d. The largest item is for constables' wages,which absorb £5,986 14s. Bd. In addition a sum of £lO3 16s. was paid as boot allowance, and £4.5 10s. in lien of uniform. Clothing and accoutrements cost £233 10s. id. and a year's medical attendance on constables cost £36 10s. The expenditure on the maintenance of prisoners whilst in the bridewell was £3l ss. and there is an additional sum of £9l 17s, 7d. for the convey- ance of prisoners. Maintenance of the buildings, Scc., cost £B9 10s. 9d. and there are payments to the Electricity Department for electric light totalling £l7O 14s. The receipts in this department include the sum of £3,395 6s. Bd. being the contribution from the National Exchequer for one-half thecharge for pay and clothing of police. His Majesty's Paymaster general contributes £9B 15s. 10d. for the conveyance of prisoners to gaol. The proportion of fines and penalties imposed by the Borough Justices and handed over to this account was £45 17s. 3d., to which must be added £ll is. for fees. The registration of motor vehicles brought in £34 14s. to the funds and licences for driving motor vehicles £35 Bs. In the Watch Depart- ment the expenditure exceeded the receipts by £5,002 ls. 4d.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CEMETERY.

In the Cemetery Department gardeners' and labourers' wages amounted to £524 16s. and there was an expendi- ture of £35 7s. Gd. on the maintenance of buildings and £47 19s. on painting of chapels, &c. The expenses of deputation to London re Conference of Burial Authori- ties amounted to ,210 3s. The burial fees paid to the Clergy during the year were as follows :—Rector of Warrington, £53 18s. Bd.; Vicar of St. Paul's, £24 3g.; Vicar of Holy Trinity, £l7 us. 4d.; Vicar of St. Barnabas' £l5 17s. 6d.; Vicar of St. Peter's, £26 12s. Bd.; Vicar of St. Ann's, £l9 6s. 23. ; Vicar of St. James', £169 12s. The receipts included £431 Ils.for purchased graves, and £139 10s. for common or unbought graves. Fees charged after first intermentamounted to £261 15s. and for excavating the totalled £314 14s. 6d. The total income amounted to £1,660 is. 2d. and after deducting expenses there is a credit balance of £461 ss. 7d.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN HALL, PARKS AND BATHS.

In the Town Hall Department, hall-keeper's and cleaners' wages have absorbed £236 10s. sd. and mainte- nance of buildings, furniture and repairs is put down at £286 9s. sd. In the Parks Department £671 3s. 9d. has been.disbursed in gardeners', labourers' and park-keepers wages. £4B 3s. 9d. has been spent on trees, plants and seeds, and £32 12s. 9d. on food for the birds and fishes. A contribution of £7O has been made to the Bands' Association. The painting of the Walker fountain cost .£75 7s. 9d., and there was an expenditure of £25 Os. 3d., on the public bowling green at Victoria Park. The caretaker's wages amounted to £5B 18s. and the receipts from the green totalled £54 10s. 2d. On the income side, £3O 12s 10d. was received for the hire of plants. In the Baths Department the chief item of expenditure is £290 4s. 3d.for superintendent's and assistants' wages. The cost of fuel was £ll7 10s. 9d. and the water bill was £l7B Os. 6d. Soap and cleaning materials absorbed £49 16s. id. and £42 19s. 2d. was expended on mainte- nance of buildings &c. Receipts from bathers amounted to £54 us. Bd. and £5O was paid by the Education Department for the use of baths for scholars. The total income was £599 Bs. sd. And the expenditure was £856 4s. 11d, so that the baths cost the ratepayers during the year £256 16s, Gd. RIVERS DEPARTMENT AND GYMNASIUM.

The Rivers Department has spent £lB7 14s. 2d., the salary of Mr. Schofield Jackson, river surveyor, absorb- ing £l2O, while £47 2s. sd. was paid to the Highway Department for men's time in assisting at survey of river.

The total expenditure in the Gymnasium Department was £472 17s, 10d. and the income £163 16s. 11d., thus costing the ratepayers £309 Os. Id. The largest item of income is £79 3s. 4d. from the Education Department for gymnastic instruction of children, while class fees totalled £46 11d. FINANCE DEPARTMENT.

The salariek in the Town Clerk's office amounted to £1,470 2s. lid.: Borough Treasurer's Department, £2,447 ss. lid.: Borough Surveyor's office. 11,135 Bs.Bd; Clerk to the Borough Justices orfice (including certain expenses), £540 6s. Ad. The amount paid on sinking fund totalled £1,809 129. 5d., and the expenditure also included £14,732 19s. 4d.on the Edncation account,being the amount included in precept on overseers. COUNTY AND OTHER CHARGES. Various County charges amounted to £2,082 19s. 6d. and under the heading of exohequer contributions account there was an expenditure of £7,198 18s. 10d. This includes a payment of £1,624 ss. sd. to the Guardians of the Warrington Union, for proportion of salaries of Union officers and medical appliances and .£958 4s. for the maintenance of pauper lunatics. The income on the exchequer contribution account is £7,459 4s. id. GENERAL PURPOSES. THE SHIP CANAL LITIGATION AND THE ;EDELSTEN ACTION.

In the General Purposes Department the expenditure totalled £4,290 15s. 4d. The heaviest Item is £1,401 18s. 11d, for professional services and expenßes of witnesses &c.. re action against Manchester Ship Canal Company. Municipal and auditors' election expenses amounted to £l7l 12s. Bd. ,• professional services, expenses and trial 'borings re Warrington Bridge cost £390 4s. ; Investigation Committee's expenses, £lO2 us.; Lawson Contract Committee's expenses, £3O 18s.; costs and charges re action EdeThteu v. Cor- poration, £6ll 17s. 6d.; expenses to London re Associa- tion of Municipal Corporations, £4O 6s. ; a year's subscription to the Warrington District Nursing Association, £l5 155.,; subacription to Warrington Infirmary, £lO 10s. ; Museum and Library Fund, grant for branch libraries, £2OO ; grant to Distress Com- mittee, £200; rent of open spaces, £95 17s. 7d. ; maintenance of same, £99 9s. 4d. The income in the General Purposes Department was £195 165., and the balance overdrawn on March 31st, 1007, was £2,335 12s. Bd.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
PROFITS ON THE MARKETS.

' The markets again prove a profitable source of revenue, the total receipts being £5,610 165.1 d. Of this sum £4,191 15s. id. was derived from Fair and Market tolls; £359 Is. from rent of strops in the Market Hall, and £359 16g. from rent of shops and stalls in the Market sheds. The profit made in this department was £2,794 6s. 4d. The Weights and Measures Department received £251 ss. 91 and evpended £lB5 ss. 2d. ; expenses of deputation to London amounting to £lO 4s. 2d.

-- --- HOSPITAL AND HEALTH DEPARTNIENT. The income of the Hospital nepartment amounted to £2ll Bs. id. The Newton-in-Makerfleld Urban District Council paid £l7O us. 4d. for the use of hospital and maintenance of patients and the Warrington_ Rural District Council £5 144.31. The evpenses of the depart- ment amounted to .22,388 ss. 6d. and in, addition the smallpox hospital expenses totalled £174 14s. 10d. Matrdn's, nurses and servants' wages absorbed £147 10, 9d. and hospital keeper's and gardeners' wages

CRAWFORD'S CREAM

CRISP AND CREAMY

===== 0002601_19070907_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
CRACKERS.

TETE COST OF EDUCATION.

Elementary education in the borough has during the year cost £35,976 lls. 7d., the largest item of expendi- ture being £26,576 2s. 9d. for teachers' salaries. The salaries of officers other than teachers amounted to £1,787 138.11 d. Books and apparatus cost £1,368 7s. Bd.; fuel, light and cleaning, £2,424 12s. 9d.; repairs to buildings, £321 Os. 11d. The amount raised from the borough rate for education purposes was £11,171 18s. id. and grants from the Board of Education totalled £24,798 6s. School fees amounted to £2,396 16s. Bd. On higher education the expenditure was £7,678 is. 2d., including £1,442 17s. 11d, for salaries of teachers at the Secondary School and Pupil Teachers' Centre and £2,604 193. 11d, for salaries of teachers at evening schools. Salaries of officers other than teachers totalled £235 3s. 6d. The ratepayers contributed £3,561 is. 3d. to this department and grants from the Board of Education realized £2,209 Gs. 4d. The fees received from the students amounted to £707 is. 4d. The cost of the Beamont Council school is included in this year's accounts and figures at £10,991 6s. 9d. The account for the Nriddleton scholarship shows an expendi- ture of £9 13s. 10d. on school fees and materials and there is a balance to be carried forward of £177 3s. 11d. PARR HALL PROFITS.

Twelve months' profit on the Parr Hall amounted to £6B 108., the amount paid for the hire of the hall being £543 13s. The Corporation recovered £32 ss. 4d. com- pensation for damage caused by fire. The bad debts are put down at £lO ss. 101

===== 0002601_19070907_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
POLICE SUPERANNUATION.

The police superannuation fund at date amounts to £15,671 Bs. 9d. The money is invested in the Warring- ton, Manchester, Bolton, St Helens, and Stockport Cor- porations. Pensions have been paid during the year amountin,, to £385, and there has been a grant to the widow of late Chief Constable of £375. SIR PETER WALKER'S GIFT.

The balance in hand on this account stands at £367 18s. There has been no expenditure during the year.

GAS WORKS PROFIT.

The gas works account shows that the gross profit for the year amounted to 43251 16s. 6d.From this must be deducted the amount paid for one year's annuities interest and sinking fund amounting to £8,550 18s. 7d.. the amount paid to the relief of rates being £14,181 19s. Bd.

THE WATERWORKS.

The gross profit on the water undertaking imounted to £16,305 ss. 11d. Payment for interest and annuities absorbed £13,192 11. s. Rd. and sinking fund £4,412 Ss. 7d. and the year ended with a balance in hand of £3,986 58. The principal expenditure is unclAr the following heads: —Management Account, £1.720 17s. sd; Winwick Pumping station £1,424. 2s. 6d. (including £528 for dismantling and repairing engine) ; Delph Lane Pump- ing station £650 7s. ; Appleton reservoir £230 18s. 7d. ; repairs to mains, Ste., £1322 Os. 9d.: rents, rates, taxes, £2,891 10s. 4d. ; fittings, £1,414 7s. Sd.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTRICITY DFP ARTNIEN T.

The total expenJiture on the electricity works to date has been £86.522 Bs. 5d., the expenses during the past year being £5,104 Os.7d.heloans re-paid during the year amounted to £2,128 16s. 11d. The revenue account shows a net profit of £2,516 19s. 4d., which has been carried to the reserve fund. The sale of current per meter realised £11,183 7s. 2d. net; public lighting. £620 ; trams, £3,813 4s. sd.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRAMWAYS.

The net profit on the tramways during the year amounted to £1,310, which has been carried to the reserve fund. The total revenue was £19,540, and the working expenses £12,447. The passengers carried (contracts estimated) numbered 4.965,296. The interest on capital amounted to £3,068, and loans re-paid totalled £4.330. The fares received from passenge-s realized .£19,204 9s. 83., the receints being all.cated a, follows: —Sankey route. £1,280 3s. 7d.; Latchford, £5,183 3s. shi. •, Stockton Heath, £6.1°5 14s. lid.; Cemetery, £3,396 13s. 3d.; Longford, 21,193 14s. 2d. ; Corporation workmen, £42 is. Id. Advertising on cars hrought in 2274 15a.

ASSESSABLE VALUE AND RATES LEVIED. In a return showing the assessable value and rates levied since the incorporation of the Borough it appears that the present assessable value to the improvement rate is £239,597 as compared with £231,525 last year. The average rate levied for the past ten years has been 6s. 8 3-sd. in the 2, whereas the average for the pre- ceding ten years was ss. 9(1. in the 2. •

===== 0002601_19070907_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ECHO OF THE WAR.

Particulars of the Transvaal Camp tign Relief fund are contained in the abstract. Pensions were paid to widows and orphans amounting to ROO 25. and gratuities t&widows on re-marriage figure at £5 -is. The amount of the fund at date is .£ll5O lss. 4d. of which £1,1.00 is invested in Corporation bondit

===== 0002601_19070907_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITE CITY, MANCHESTER.

With a best of attractions covering almost every field of entertainment, the White City is a feature no one can afford to ignore. At no place in Europe has the field of amusement been more thoroughly covered. It gives the place a distinctive individuality and is in a class entirely by itself. It has met with public favour since the opening and enjoys a most profitable season. For the lovers of good music and genuine, open-air diversion it is enjoying the full benefit of an ever increasing popularity. The Best Bands of Great Britain furnish the best concert music ever beard in Manchester every afternoon and evening, and additional interest lends itself to these Concerts by the introduction of well-known soloists. The people of Lancashire have patronised this one ,-air Amusement Resort because it was what they wanted, and while the weather has been all but favourable, crowds have been attracted here by the beauty of its surroundings, diversity of amusement, its many 'Free Attractions, as well as the courteous treatment bestowed on them. The electrical display at night is the finest ever seen, it is a sight worth travelling miles to see. Every place in the Park where electricity mild be utilised for illuminating and decorating purposes it has been. The concessions are everything they should he,for the Managing Director John Calvin Brown, has taken every precaution to protect the public in such a manner that neither life, limb or purse could be injured. The annual Dahlia and ,ICottagers Show of the Royal Horticultural Society of I Manchester vt ill be held in the White City on Tuesday and Wednesday next, September 10th and 11th. In addition to the classes for dahlias and vegetables there will be a fine display of herbaceous flowers, phloxes, sweet peas, etc., making in all a highly attractive exhibition. The show will opfm at 12.30 each day. Another special feature, to be introduced on Friday. September 20th. is the engagement of the celebrated Gipsy violinist. Josef Ronsev, who will give his first concert in England at the White City: Rousey has just arrived from Marienbad where he was comnanded to play before H.M. the King.- Details later.

A Goon EVE TEST iS to read the small print in the newspaper 10 inches from the eye, not farther, each eye to be tested separately. If you cannot do this you should at once consult JOHNSTON WATSON, Eyesight and Spectacle Specialist, 84, Bridge-street, Warrington. —Advt.

CHRIST AND SOCIALISM. In a former letter I replied to Mr. Charles E. Parker's criticism of my interpretation of the parable of the labourers in the vineyard, and to his question Whether I would tell him how Socialism harmonises with the teachings of Christ. Mr. Parker now raises some Ifresh points and asks farther questions to wbich I will endeavour to reply. Before doing so, however, I would like to say how much I disliked the concluding sentence of his letter. It ran: If I have occasion again to write on this subject I will deal with the somewhat foolish and 'short-lived attempt of the early Church to establish Socialism." Such a remark from so amiable a gentle- man was altogether unexpected, for the only inference that one can draw from it is that because the early Church _failed to establish ,Socialism therefore ! Christianity and Socialism are incompatible. It may be of course an ebullition of splenetic satire, or it may show a deficiency of argument. To a man of ordinary reasoning abilities,it is a mere jargon of words ! strung together for an object not altogether happy. We know already why the Communist experiment at Jerusalem failed. We know why the churches to-day are failing, too. We shall, however, be pleased to hear Mr. Parker's version of it later. For the moment I think it would be better to continue the original line of argument. Mr. Parker, in his last letter, said that I persistently ignored what to him seemed the central thought of the parable of the labourers in the vineyard, viz : The householder's question : "Is it not lawful for me to do what I will with mine outn ?" That question, he

says, is a clear declaration of individual rights. lam sorry if I ignored it. It was not intentional. I was always under the impression that a question was not a declaration. Like Pilate' s question, —" what is truth ? "—this too was left unanswered. If we are anxious to know what is the "law " we can find it. All the law is fulfilled. in one word, even in this : ".Thou shalt love they neighbour as thyself." Again : "Bear ye one another's burdens, and so fulfil the law of Christ." And again : "We then that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak, and not to please ourselves." It seems to me, therefore, that if the householder was carrying out those injunctions he was quite at liberty to do what he " willed " with his own. If these isolated texts or parables are to be deprecated, for a clear exposition one can read the fifth chapter of St. Matthew and the Ist Corinthians, twelfth chapter. Mr. Parker claims thtit the whole of Christ's teach- ing aims at regeneration from within as opposed to the Socialist's regeneration from without. That appears to me like begging the question. For, if -we remssnber reading how the regeneration of the disciples began, we shall know that Christ sNid : "Follow Me,and I will make you fishers of men." And we are told they straightway left their nets, forsook all their personal belongings, and followed Him. Regeneration, no matter whether it is from within or without, can only come in one way —the sacrifice of "self." And, besides, what does it matter how it begins as long as it do begin. What was the first miracle of Christ? Was it from ! Within or without? What happened at Ills first passover ? And so I 'night go on. Christ's teaching aimed at regeneration, either from within or without, according to circumstances, by removing the obstacles which prevented a man from living that fuller life He came to teach. What we want to know is whether the present competitive system produces pernicious external habits? For external habits affect the mode of life, and the mode of life makes or mars the internal, as well as the external character of the man. Is it of any use a man or woman attempting to follow Christ if he or she has to live by cheating another? Each charge towards an unselfish co-operative system will establish a substantial and pernaanen't good, unattended by counteracting evils. Mr. Parker says: Socialism seeks to compel men to do right by the intervention of the State, Christ seeks to make men rejoice by regenerating the heart and life. Socialism compels Christ makes. There are here two forms of compulsion one from without, the other from within. Let him choose which horn of the dilemma he likes. If men do wrong the State will punish them. If they sin against God hell awaits them. Is it not better, therefore, for the State to make it easy for men to do right and hard for them to do wrong? And cannot that be done by removing the stumbling blocks? Mr. Parker speaks of regenerating the " heart." How can the " heart " be regenerated whilst the body is being pulled out of shape? Mr. Parker misrepresents Socialism in the parable of the selfish brother. Socialists do not want to make all men equal in possessions. What they do want is that the country, and all the machinery of pro iuction in the country, shall belong to the whole people to be used by the people and for the people. Mr. Parker emphasizes the notion that the Kingdom of Heaven is something only in the next world, and that men are set only to save what liingsley called "their own dirty souls" Frederick Denison Maurice, whom Charles Kingsley delighted.to call " Master " said: I seriously believe that Christianity is the only foundation of Socialism, and that a true Socialism is the necessary result of a sound Chti.4ianity. _ _

.Ifany of the mi;representations of Socialism proceed from insufficient knowledge. Socialists are not mere theorists, visionariPs, dreatnsrs. They wish to link on to their politics humanity —ideals, if you like. They want men and women and children to be happy. If anyone, can show them a better way than the one they have chosen it is their duty to do so. But, please, do not ask. us to be so uncharitable as to insist upon every man aetting the fruit of his labor, the whole fruit., and nothing but the fruit. It is impracticable and un-Christian.

JOHN WORKM.IN PURE AND UN ADULTERED SOCIA.LISU.

I hasten to express my deep sympathy with your contributor "Socialist Trades Unionist," as finding he holds an entirely illogical position, he is necessarily forced to adopt petty, abusive and spiteful tactics. This ardent enthusiast „actually asserts "he would not attempt to discuss contentionkpoints of policy and administration in the Voice of Labour," whilst he has .already written a couple of columns 'advocating a "political alliance" being arranged with the local Socialist and Trades Union branche4. Does he really not know that there are many thousands of British Socialists (no less earnest than himself) who are bitterly opposed to any compact of this description, and is he not aware that this subject is undoubtedly one of the most contentious points of policy at present refeiving the consideration of the Britcsii Socialist movement? Then in his own little-naindod style he amusingly informs your readers that "Commonsense "is either un-attached ' or a ' party-wrecker.' " Does Socialist Trade-Unionist sneer in this silly fashion at alt com- rades who differ fr.lrn him on any points of policy and also sarcastically describe as "no-attached" every Socialist, who is not an " I.L.P.er " say for example such men as H. M. Hyudman, Robert .Blatchford and G. Bernard Shaw? _

"Socialist Trades Unionist" represents a type of individual who is gradually becoming less influential in the councils of our Socialist movement and is being superseded by a more intelligent and less ungentle-' manly class of advocate who does not invariably insult his opponents and ridicule his colleagues who venture to express different opinions to himself on details of administration and policy. In reply to your correspondent I wish to say that I believe that both Trades Unionists and non-unionists would materially advance .their best interests by vigorously and continuously supporting the cause of Socialism, and in the words of Jean Jaures, the talented leader of the French Socialists, I unhesitat- ingly declare that" The domination of one class is an attempt to degrade humanity. Socialism, which will abolish all primacy of class, and indeed all class, restores humanity to its highest level. It is therefore a duty for all men to be Socialists." COMMON-SENSE. CAPITAL AND LABOUR

It is said (and believed) sometimes that the interests of capital and labour are identical. This supposed identity of interests is assumed to be proved by the discovery that unless capital pays high wages it cannot command efficient labour. 'There is no identity of interest between the wage payer and the wage earner.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ea

===== 0002601_19070907_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
.11 The efficient labour which high wages produce is st ir bought and sold by capital, is still employed o rejected as it snits the convenience of capital, is still treated as possessing no rights of its own but as ministering to the interests of others. This opposi- tion may be and often is termed the class war, and I would submit to members of the Social Democratic Federation that the Trade Unionism (old type) they often revile is in reality the purest expression of this simple antagonism between capital and labour. Trades Unionism is based on the assumption, borne out by experience, that capital will do its utmost to exploit labour, and that labour ought to do its best to prevent capital succeeding. It is a plain recognition of an obvious industrial fact. The interest of wage earning is the sole concern of the old type of Trade Unionist, and its horizon is bounded by the factory and hi i workshop. The broad-minded Social Reformer therefore, by what- ever label distinguished, is glad to see that the new development of trade union effort is less of a class war character' but seeks to better the conditions of life generally by use of pilitical machinery and educa- tional propaganda, in order that methods of taxation and communal use and control of wealth may be exercised so as to reduce the unequal burden of the workers. It is a natural law that the organism dies which does not adjust itself to changing conditions and environment and is law applies to trades unions and other bodies whiPh are themselves part of the social organism. Let us study more the laws of life and apply them more fearlessly to the social body Let us remember that "New occasions teach new duties Time makes ancient good uncouth, He must ever march right onward Who would keep abreast of truth." _

===== 0002601_19070907_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
LAZARUS. NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Many thanks to Mr. H. Whitham for sending me a copy of "The Pinkerton Labour Spy." it certainly sheds light on the inky darkness and secrecy so neces- sary to the successtof detective agencies. It is passing strange to find men in this 20th century who will so forget themselves as to belie their fellow-men. An enemy we can see we can combat; but Vle enemy who poses as a friend only to betray is the most contemptible creature on God's earth. Would any reader like the loan of the book? J.W.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
SOAP LIBEL SUIT. Two Writs Served by Messrs. Grosiield.

, The paragraph we published abput a month ago to the effect that Messrs. Joseph Crosfied and Sons Ltd. were suing for libel damages ag ti:lst certain news- papers has now been officially confirmed. Messrs. Crosfield and Sons have served writs upon the Associated Newspapers, Limited, and the Pictorial Newspiper Co., f)r damages for libel in connection with the attack made upon the late soap combine. We learn that although counsel for plaintiffs have been retained the statement of claim has not yet been made, as it cunot be delivered until after the Long Vacation. The amount of claim has not yet been settled.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MUSif,J'AL/SOCIETY'S OPERA. The Yeoman of the Guard."

The recent announcement that the Opera Committee of the Warrington Musical Society had decided to again present "The Yeomen of the Guard" was received with general satisfaction, for this is probably the finest of the Gilbert-Sullivan collalnrations- and the public retain happy recollections of the perf.)rm- ances of the work with which the Siciety inaugurated its series of eminently successful operatic enterprises four years ago. As will be seen from an advertisraent in another column "The Yeomen of the Guard " will be performed in the Parr Hall for ..the six nights October 14th to .I.oth (inclusive) and there is every reason to believe that the production will fully , maintain the high reputation which the opera company has. achieved. The . plan of reserved seats will he opened at 8.50 a.m. •on Wedn,s-lay, October 20.1, at • Mr.. R. H. Pearsoa's music warehouse, Brilg-Street. The rehearsals have just been resumed in the Cairo - street choOls, and the gi ea:est enthusiasm is being manifested It is plew4tir, to know that nearly all the artistes who gained laurels in the initial venture are again includes in the cast, and the public will, voe are sure, be delighted • to again have the opportunity of seeing them in this beautiful opera. The stagins, as usual, will be on an ' elaborate scale, and a, fine bickgrouad scene will 'depict the Thwer of London. The orchestra Will be entirely amateur, under Mr. R H. Pearson's leadership. The musical training of the principals, chorus and orchestra is in the competent hands, of Mr. F. H. Pross;ey, conductor of the S .ciety, whilst the necessary dramatic instruction is being given by Mr. E. Faden Williams. By the courtesy of Mr. J. Newconaba, hm. secretary and treasurer of the opera c ,malittee,we are able to append a list of the principal characters which is as follows Sir Richard Cuolnaundeley Mr. J. W. Bibby t Colonel Fairfax Mr. .T. itabbitt I Sergeant Meryll Mr. F. Fieldhouse I Leonard Merril Mr. J. E. Hannan .laelt Point.. Wilfred Shadbolt Mr. W. H. Wallington Elsie Maynard, Mrs. Arthur Booth Pho3be Dame Carruthers Miss Garnett Ball Kate

===== 0002601_19070907_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington _Draper's Failure

At the Warringt,e Bankruptcy Court, yesterday, b.fore Mr. Registrar Ridgway, Aaron Clarke residing at 239, Liven)9ol-road, Warriagtou, and carrying on business as a draper at a stall in the. Market Hall, apt-eared: for his fpublic examination in bankruptcy. Bankrupt admitted th it in Maya, 1900, when he started business on his own account he was insolvent to the extent of £lB9, and that his deficiency had been increased to its present amount of £330 2s. 2d. by loss on trading owtog to heavy travelling expenses to various markets. He stated that he commenced busi- ness as a draper, in partnership with Mr. Thomas Spencer, in Augu-t, 1905, at a stall in the Market Hall, without capital, but the concern was really .carried on by them on behalf of his former employer who recei,red a percentage of the profits instead of the lamp stun of £175 winch debtor mentioned in his statement of affairs. The partnership was determined in March, 1906, each partner taking over half of the liabilities and assets of the business. The liabilities taken over by bankrupt including £125 half td the bank overdraft, amounted to £242; and the assets consisted of stock valued at cost prices at £53. The bankrupt further stated that, in March, 1906, he re-commenced a similar business on his own account at another stall in the Market, with the liabilities and assets referred togibove ; that he carried it on uotil 15th July last, when he instructed an auctioneer to sell the remainder of his stock by auction.; that the sale realised £l4 Is. gross ; and that deducting the costs of sale anti his solicitor's costs he received the sum of £7 18s Bd. which was all the assets he had. —Bankrupt was examined At some length by Mr Johnson (assistant official receiver). He admitted that there was a loss of about £3OO in seven months. Asked why he had delayed earning to court, he said he was expecting some money which his former employer had agreed to pay him but that, woutld not have enabled him to 'clear off his liabilities. The weather had been so bad during the past summer that on many occasions he had nog been able to open his stalls at the various markets which he attended. The profits had barely.. covered his travelling expenses The examination was adjourned until October 4th;

===== 0002601_19070907_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUNNIEST PLAY IN LONDON.

Visitors to London during the holiday season should not fail to see Sir Frank Burnand's most entertaining farce "Mrs. Ponderbury's Past" which is being per- formed eight times weekly at the Vaudeville, the handsome theatre in the centre of the Strand, managed by Messrs. A. and S. Gatt. Many years have passed since a farce was received s with such a chorus of unanimous approval by the public Press, but this is not to be wondered at, since, in addition to the mirthfulness of the entertain- ment, no pains have been spared to procure the best possible company for the performance of the piece. NIA% Weedon Grossmith has made a great success in the Dart of the adventurous Ponderbury ; Miss Marie Minton was never better suited than in the part of the strong-minded wife; and Miss Maudi Darrell, the popular musical comedy artist, who introduces a clever dance and the lively song "Molly Molyneux " (now one of the " rages" of London) obtains the utmost effect from the character of a music-ball "star." ' Owing to the success of "Mrs. Ponderbury's Past" matio4es vial be given every Wednesday and Satur- -1 day throughout the season.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0079.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
=llllllll

===== 0002601_19070907_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070907_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SETTLER'S IDEAL HOME

===== 0002601_19070907_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
"...:: .„. ... .., . ~. f„.. w ZEALAND

\ t I - •••.. • 11•\‘‘

===== 0002601_19070907_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

A SHORT MEETING. The Sankey Canal Bridge Scheme.

Twenty minutes sufficed for the transaction of the monthly meeting of the Warn ton Town Council, which was held at the Town Hall on Tuesday evening. The Mayor (Alderman Smethurst) presided, and there were also present :—Aldermen Bennett, 3 ohn Evans, NW J. Forshaw, D. Tinnion, Councillors T. H. Ashcroft, J. Ball, T. Barton, W. Benson, T. Burton, T. Chantler, W. flegg, J. G. Craik, D. S. Duncan, James Evans, L. Ellison, J. Lord, J. J. Nield, J. Pemberton, J. Skelland, T. S. Steel, F. Stott, 0. Toole, G. T. Wilding, J. Wilkinson, W. J. Wilson. 3. L. Whittle (town clerk), A. T. Hallaway (deputy town clerk), J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), J. Dens (water engineer), 3. M. Murray (director of education), Dr. J. C. Hibbert (medical officer). The MAYOR appealed for a rapid transaction of the business, as some members of the Council had been engaged at the Local Government Board inquiry dnring the greater part of the day.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
SUNDAY TRADING.

A letter was read before the Watch Committee from the Secretary of the Working Men's Mission Bank Quay, with reference to Sunday trading, and ft was resolved that the Chief Constable be requested to report on the matter. The minutes were agreed to, on the motion of the MAYOR, seconded by Councillor WILKINSON.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
SCARLET FEVER.

Dr. Gaflikin having submitted a report with reference to an outbreak of scarlet fever in the town. the Health Committee resolved that Sankey Sanatorium be used as a convalescent hospital for patients from Aikia-street hospital. HONORARIUMS FOR EXTRA WORK.

The Health Committee recommended that an 'honorarium of 250 be granted to Dr. Gaffikin for extra duties discharged daring the illness, and since the death nf the late Dr. Gornall ; and that an honorarium of £25 be granted to Mr. W. T. Flood, chief inspector of nuisances, for the discharge of similar extra duties.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
HAIRDRESSERS AND EARLY CLOSING.

The Inspector of Nuisances having reported the, result of his investigation on the petition of the Hair- dressers' Association for a closing order, it was resolved that in the opinion of this committee a prima facie case has been made out forsuch order. ' Councillor EVANS - moved, and Councillor BURTON seconded. the cimfirmation of the minutes. Councillor STeet, alluding to the question of the -hairdressers and early closing, asked if the order was made whether all hairdressrs would have to close at •eight, except on Saturday? The MAYOR: I suppose so. Councillor STEEL added that that would deal hardly with hairdressers living in the suburbs—Latchford, the Cemetery district and Sankey Bridges—who did little day business and depended on night customers. The DEPUTY TOWN CLERK explained that the com- mittee considered a prima facie case had been made out, but before an order could be made, there would be an inquiry at which the opposition would be heard. Councillor EVANS replied that the point raised by Conncillor Steel would be ventilated. The minutes were passed. A SEWERAGE QUESTION. LORD LILFORD'S OFFER. The Paving and Sewerage Committee reported that at a recent meeting the following proceedings of the sub, committee appointed to interview Mr. J. B. Selby (Lord Lilford's agent) were read "The sub-committee met Mr. Selby (Lord Lilford's agent), with regard to his objection to the paving of Longshaw-street. and after discussion he withdrew the objection. Mr. Selby brought before the sub-committee the question of the sewering of the land lying to the north of Polly-lane, and stated that if the committee provided a system of sewerage for that district he would give the Corporation a strip of land for the widening of Folly-lane. The sub-committee promised that the matter should have the early attention of the committee. The ToWN CLERK reported that objections to the paving of Longshaw-street (objection of J. B. Selby on behalf of Lord Lilford) had been withdrawn. The BOROUGH SURVEYOR submitted ordnance map for Folly-lane district and explained the present sewer- -age arrangements in that district :‘- Resolved, "That in order to enable the committee to expedite the con- sideration of a scheme of sewerage, Mr. J. B. Selby '(Lord Lilford's agent) be asked to furnish an estate plan of the land lying on the north of Folly-lane." Alderman Tinnotr in moving the adoption of the minutes, made special reference to the interview with Mr. Selby. He said the seworing of the land would involve the expenditure of a considerable sum of money, but until the committee had seen the plan in detail they had decided they could do nothing in the matter. Mr. Selby bad promised to furnish a plan. The expenditure was one that would have to be met; the committee had no option in the matter. A sewer must be put down where buildings were likely to be erected and it was always the desire of the committee to have such districts sewered and made as sanitary as possible. The committee, however, would do nothing before consulting the Council. SANKEY CANAL BRIDGE. AN IMPROVEMENT SCHEME.

The County Bridgemaster wrote invitine representa- tives of the Paving and Sewerage Committee to attend a conference at Preston, with reference to the improve- ment of Sankey Canal bride. The Chairman (Alder- man Tinnion),•Councillor Wilkinson and the Borough Surveyor attended the conference and the deputation drew up the following reuort— " At the outset ;Ir. Alderman TIN.NION informed the 'conference that whilst the Corporation of Warrington were in favour of the intprovement they understood that all the county authorities wished for was War- rineton's moral support and this they were prepared to give. The Chairman of the Main Roads Committee thanked him for the expression and went on to explain that whilst they were glad to have Warrington's support they hoped for something more, and had prepared a plan and scheme which, if carried out, would be greatly to Warrington's advantage. He further stated that the London and North-Western Railway Company who were primarily responsible for the bridge, 'bad raised no objection to the proposed improvement. It appeared that the cdunty authorities had drawn up a plan and scheme for anew bridge appor- tioning the cost thereof between the various authori- ties including- Warrington. whose estimated share was £750. Mr. Alderman Tinnion, during the discussion which took place, informed the conference that as this was the first intimation of the pro- posal to ask Warrington to contribute towards the improvement, be must at once state that he absolutely and definitely declined to take any responsibility, inasmuch as the Council had not previously been con- -suited in the matter, but if the plan and details were forwarded, the whole question would be considered by a committee of the Council, and this course the conference agreed to adopt." Resolved, that the action of the Chairman be approved, and that the best thanks of the committee be given to the deputation for their repoit. Alderman TINNION said that at the conference he took a position which he thought \ could get be prejudicial to the interests of the Corporation. It was fortunate that he did so for a scheme was being proposed that would cost the L. and N.-W. Railway Company, or someone else, from £3,000 to £4,000, so that the struc- ture could be equal tothe traffic of the present day. The 'County Council contended, and he thought rightly, that the L. and N.-W. Railway Company should be respon- sible for any expenditure in the direction he hao indicated, according to their Act of Parliament. He repudiated any liability on tbe part of tbe Corporation, and told them that if they were prepared to treat all bridees,within the borough or appreaching it particularly the Warrington Bridge, on the same lines, be, for one, could see no objection to the matter being considered if they would furnish proper plans and particulars to the right committee. Councillor CRAIK seconded. Councillor HAWTHORN suggested that if any agree- ment were come to about the bridge at Sankey it would be advisable to stipulate that the Corporation would have the right to construct tramways across it; as the district was destined to become en important one and the extension of tramways to Penketh-lane ends would -tend to develop it. Alderman TINNION replied that he did not think the committee had anything to do with the matter. They -could not construct tramways over it, as it was outside the borough. They might put a light railway, which was the same thing—(laughter —but not an ordinary tram. There was no doubt, however, that the com- mittee would bear the matter in mind, If they were going to get the Railway Company to put down a bridge free of costs to the borough and take on the additional matter of the tramways as well, he would be very glad. '(Laughter.) The minutes were approved.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
INCREASES OF SALARY.

At a meeting of the Water Committee on August 12, it was resolved that the salary of Mr. James Gray be increased from £l3O to £l5O per annum. The General Purposes Committee, at a meeting held on August 26, resolved that the salary of Mr. T. H. Spinks, assistant town clerk, be increased by the sum of £26 per annum, namely, from £l5O to 4176. The increases were agreed to without comment. ST. ELPHIN'S PARK.

Among the documents submitted by the General Purposes Committee for the affixing of the common seal of the Corporation were the contract with the trustees of the Clergy Widows and Orphans Fund for the purchase of land, Manchester-road. The MAYOR moved the confirmation of the minutes.

Alderman BENNETT seconded, and expressed the satis- faction with which they were able, as a committee, to announce that the trustees of the Training College had agreed to their terms for the purchase of land near Manchester-road. It would be -a greet boon to the inhabitants of the district, and he hoped it would be a source of satisfaction to them to know that St.Elphin's Park was saved, and saved on terms which were satis- factary to practically the whole of the members of the Council. (Hear, hear.) The minutes were approved. GIFT TO THE MUSEUM.

1 The Museum Committee have resolved, "That the special thanks of the committee be given to Mr. J. Paul i Rylands, Mr. W. H. Rylands' and Miss M. G. Rylands for their gift of a marble bust of the late Thomas Glasebrook Rylands, by J. Warrington Wood, and other , portraits and specimens. Alderman BENNETT moved the confirmation of the minntes, and alluded to the handsome gift of Messrs. and Miss Rylands. The Committee were deeply indebted Ito them. The thanks of the Committee had also been 1 given to Mr. W. Sharp Ogden for his kindness in examining and describing the Roman coins found at Wilderspool. The result more than justified all that had been said with regard to the importance of the old Roman remains at Wilderspool. Councillor ELLISON seconded, and the motion was carried.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
SUGGESTED BOWLING GREEN AND BATHS.

On August 14th the Town Hall Parks and Baths Com- mittee resolved," That the Borough Surveyor prepare a scheme for the erection of a new bath and the laying out of a bowling-green behind Garven House." On August 19th the Finance and Estate Committee , considered the request of the Town Hall, Parks and 'Baths Committee for the use of land behind Garven- , place for a botvling green. Resolved, " That the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee be invited to meet with a view to the question of the development of the land referred to being fully considered." i The minutes were approved. THE SHIP CANAL ACTION, I The Acting Conservator of the Mersey having asked the Mayor for an interview to discuss in a friendly spirit the best action for the Conservancy to take for the maintenance of the navigation of the river, without , causing undue interference with the interests of the manufacturers of Warrington, it was resolved, by the Rivers Committee :—" That the Acting Conservator be requested to meet the chairman of the committee at the conference."

Alderman BENNETT moved, and Alderman FORSHA.W I seconded, the passing of the minutes. Councillor HAWTHORN asked what was the position 'of the Corporation with regard to the costs of the action in the case of Oros&ld and the trades v. the Ship Canal Company. Alderman BENNarr replied that the matter was under consideration, and it would not, therefore, be wise to say anything about it. (Hear, hear.) I The-M/YOR : It has been reported that the matter has been settled without our cons eat, but that is not correct.

The minutes were then confirmed. 1 THE CHEMICAL FIRE ENGINE RETURNED. t At a meeting of the Fire Engine Committee, the sub- committee appointed to consider the advisability of obtaining expert evidence on the Chemical Fire Engine and escape reported that they had invited the superin- tendents of Bury and Stockport brigades to make an inspection and report. The reports of the experts were submitted. The Town Clerk submitted correspondence • which had taken place between himself and the solicitors for Messrs. Simonis and Co. and after fully consider- ing the same it was resolved that the Town Clerk be instructed to give to the makers notice to have the chemical engine and escape removed from the Corpora- tion's premises without further delay, otherwise the Corporation will send the same to the station for despatch at the makers' risk and • cost. —At a meeting en the 26th of August, the Town Clerk read correspondence which had taken place , between the solicitors to Messrs. Simonis and Co.. • Ltd., and himself with reference to the combined chemical engine and escape, and reported that he had, ' in accordance with the committee's instructions, des- patched the engine. After fully considering the matter it was resolved : "That the Town Clerk give Messrs. Simonis and Co. seven days within which to state • whether they are prepared, within three months, to supply a machine to comply strictly with the contract j entered into by them, as if not the committee will buy ; elsewhere."

The minutes were approved, the mover bang Coun- cillor BURTON, and the seconder Councillor BARTON.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

ANNIVERSARY SERMONS.—The anniversary sermons at the Penketh Wesleyan Chapel were preached at the above place of worship on Sunday. The Rev. E. J. Gawne took both services and preached two edifying sermons. The choir rendered special music at both services the anthem in the morning being "0 Worship the King," Miss Johnson sang the solo. In the evening when the choir gave the anthem "God who =lciest earth and Heaven," Miss E. Plumpton took the solo part. During the service Mr. H. Plumpton also sang a solo, "Behold I stand at the door." Both services were well attended. It was a pleasing feature to see so many church friends at both services, which prpves the harmony that exists between the two denominations at Penketh.

WESLEYAN GUILD RAMBLE.— On Saturday afternoon the Wesley Guild had their ramble, Lymm being the place chosen. Despite the inclemency of the weather there was a good turnout, which numbered 36. Lymm was reached in various ways by the party. Some cycling others going by train. On arriving they at once began to enjoy the features which Lymm is noted for, until five o'clock, when the party sat down to tea. After tea several of the party went to see the flower show which was being held. The Rev. E. J. Gawne accompanied the party, and on arriving back at Penketh, all were agreed that a very pleasant afternoon had been spent.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

A NEW BOOK ING OFFICE AT PADeIAT,E STATION.— Railway travellers between Warrington and Padgate will be pleased to bear that the Cheshire Lines Railway Co., are making a new booking office on the South side of the 'station. The work of construction has just been commenced. The booking office will meet a much felt want and will obviate the necessity of the passengers Warrington way of crosqing the bridge for a ticket and also stop the dangerous habit of crossing the lines. /

IRON, STEEL, COAL, AND ALLIED COMPANIES

RESULTS.

We have received from the Joint Stock Csmpanies' Journal card, handy for hanging up in the office, con- tiiniug an exhaustive ccmparative statement of the profits, reserves, dividends, &c., of upwards of 100 iron, coal. steel and allied companies. It is reprinted from the Journal, and covers a period of three years. The pride is Is. post free.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
....,.:.,...,,,r. . ..... ........,„; . yr, • 1,4„ - . . - ••• - , ,:q.:,,,e,...; WitlV All, ...:- ~,... 1 I. ~, A * *‘;;.! - ....t'• •' ' ‘....i:z e & •, • • . t 4 ..., ..r • ''. • '45.", 4 I.OlKlWit • ';'4'o' ik„,,,, ~•' '"k• 1 ',...“•,1,,,,;, . :.`t% r..q:Xo . .6,ii.§..,,,5'..), 1 • .:1 115 i . .-q 6, r-, . - . . 7.5( kri,Xe4,/ 1.:, 4 • :,1 D -ii,'-' Wri'''' M j k ?AY,. i'l & e• ;- .14. • . ' 0,-14-ICI if* et -t -. "I'''..ift ' r c - kV ' "'" -• ' ''.fft., • , 4 , *"*.a„,.. -r„ ...„.. 40- .- ' " ' -r• t ' 44,11, .1:4,; , LS'.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

Independent Labour Party. Mr. H. Russell Smart, who had been announced to speak at Bridge Foot on Sunday evening wired to say that he could not come, because be had only, just arrived from Stuttgart and was detained in London on important business, but said he would come on ! Sunday, September 29th. There was a large audience; at Bridge Foot. Addresses on Socialism were delivered' by Messrs. J. Hampson and W. Pook of the local branch. Councillor Stott presided. Winwick Horticultural Society. The annual show promoted by this Society was held in the Schoolroom on Saturday, and, despite the unfavourable weather which has prevailed during the greater part of the season, some splendid exhibits were shown. The show was a great success in every way, and praise is due to the hon. secretary, Mr. J. E. Pettener, and the committee, which was composed of the following gentlemen :—Messrs. R. Jolley, G. Beard, W. Britch, G. Baker, O. Gerosa, Rutter, J. Walker, T. Johnson, A. Baker, R. Melling, and R. Robinson. A special exhibition of window plants, not for competition, lent by of Dr. Simpson, was greatly admired. There was also a splendid display of honey , and wax by Mr. Walker, of Hermitage Green. ! Choir Trip. ' . On Saturday, the adult members of the choir attached to the Church of the Sacred Heart had their annual trip to New Brighton. The party left the Central Station at ten minutes past one, and on arrival at Liverpool they proceeded to the landing stage and boarded the saloon steamer,Pathfinder,for a two hours channel cruise. Subsequently they crossed to New Brighton, where tea was served at the Criterion Restaurant. The Tower was afterwards visited, and the return journey was made from Liverpool at 10.50. Warrington was reached at 11.20. The outing was an enjoyable one. The thanks of the choir are due to Father Ryan for providing the outing and to the choir- master, Mr. John Gibbins, for the able manner in which he carried out the arrangements. KIEL BurrEß, Is. and is. ld.per lb. ASHLEY'S!—Advt Lymm _Flower Show. - - -

-The Lymm and District Horticultural Society held their first annual exhibition in a field off Maltman's- road, Lymm, lent by Mr. T. E. Milligan Grundy, on Saturday. Tliere was a Capital number of entries in all sections, and the quality of the exhibits was good. The weather was beautifully fine and a large number of the public attended. An excellent display of flowers, fruit, and vegetables was seen in all sections of the ',how. The cottagers' classes came out wonder- fully well, much better, than one would have anticipated for this season. A good standard was also attained by the amateurs, who showed a capital lot of vegetables. In the open classes there was keen competition all round. The collection of flowers would have done credit to any show. An outstanding feature was the display of begonias. During the afternoon an attractive musical programme was given in the showfield by the Band of the 3rd V.B. Lancashire Regiment and Warrington Male Voice Choir. Solos were also finely interpreted by Miss Florence Egerton. FOR PURE PORK SausAoz,try ASHLEY'S.—Advt. Band Contest at Belle Vue. Over 50,000 persons attended the annual brass band contest at Belle Vue, Manchester, on Monday. The bands who competed were :—Batley Old, Luton Red Cross Silver, Irwell Springs (Bacup), Hebden Bridge, Rochdale Public, Shaw (Oldham), Lea Mills (Matlock), Crosfield's Soap Works (Warrington), Pendleton Old, Good Shaw (Rawtenstall), Linthwaite, Wingates Temperance, Royal Oakley Silver (Blaeneau Festiniog), Lindley, Northfield (Birmingham), Black Dyke, Wyke, Pemberton Old, and Kettering Rifles. The test piece was a selection from Macfarren's opera, " Robin Hood," specially arranged by Lieutenant Charles Godfrey, and the judges were: Lieutenant Charles Godfrey, London; Mr. Manuel E. Bilton, bandmaster, Royal Horse Guards, London; and Mr. Frederick Vetter, musical director, Manchester. After a spirited competition, the first prize of £5O and the 50-guinea challenge Cup were awarded for the second time to Wingates Temperance Band, followed by: 2, Black Dike ; 3, Goodshaw ; 4, Royal Oakley (Blaenaii Festiniog) ; 5, Shaw; 6, Pemberton Old; 7, Hebden Bridge. Friendly Society Picnic. - - - - - - - - •

The annual picnic in connection with the Warring- ton branch of the Hearts of Oak Electoral Society took place on Saturday, when a visit was paid to Chester. The party was joined at Warrington by the District delegate, Mr. Rogers, of Widnes, and Mrs. Rogers. On reaching the ancient city all enjoyed a sail clown the Dee to Eccleston Ferry. After a stroll through the Eaton Hall Grounds, the party returned to Chester by boat and proceeded to the Holborn Cafe, 29, Foregate-street, where an excellent tea was provided and thoroughly enjoyed. The visitors were joined during tea by Mr. Wright, the late delegate for the Chester District. After tea the President (Mr. Kilduff) occupied the chair, and welcomed the Chester delegate, and also their own delegate and his wife, and expressed the hope that they would long be spared to meet the Warrington members of the Hearts of Oak Society, (Applause.) tioth delegates after- wards addressed the members, expressing the pleasure it had given them to attend such a happy gathering of the Warrington members. They hoped the outing would create many friendships, that would be of long standing in the future. (Applause.) Mr. Sparkes, an old member of the society in Warrington, proposed a vote of thanks to the delegates for attend- ing. Mr. T. Bate seconded, and the motion was carried with applause. After a ramble round the city the party returned to Warrington by the 9.10 train from Chester. GARDEN TENTS.—Tennis, Croquet, and other out- door sports.—.l. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington. -Advt. - - -

P.S.A. - Sunday being the first Sunday in the new half-year of the society there was an improved attendance at the Wycliffe P.S.A. meeting. The Rev. John Yonge presided, and said that while they were bound to admit that the number of members enrolled was the lowest in the history of the movement, it called for, special effort on the park of every member, which would. soon alter the existing state of things, and would soon make them numerically as strong as ever. It was the individual members who could do that. If 'everyone present did his best a grand result would soon he seen. In the absence of the advertised speaker Mr. Wynne-Jones took for his subject, "Habit." Great care Rho uld be exercised in the formation of habits. He dwelt particularly on the habits of" gambling and drinking." These Vad habits were, he said, formed by degrees, but slowly and surely spoiled .the life and character of the individual. Mr. W. H. Wallington sang two solos, " Lovest thou Me ?" and " The Lord is my Shepherd," in his most impressive style. Mr. W. 11. Payton presided at the organ. Mr. Joseph Owen and Mr. W. Beswick also took part in the meet- ing. Nine new members were enrolled, making a ! total of 380. —The first meeting of the new half-year ' in connection with the Buckley-street Society was held ilon Sunday. There was a large gathering of members and Mends. About 20 new members were enrolled. Mr. William Stephens, of Stockton Heath, presided, and gave an address to young people. Mr. William Shaw, the speaker of the afternoon, took for his subject " Being fit." The soloist was Miss Jennie Armstrong, who was heard to great advantage in her two solos. Miss M. Plinston was the accompanist, Mr. E. Sanders read the afternoon lesson. WOOD AfaNTErs,Kitchen Ranges end Fire Grates, largest stock in the district.— J. S. GARLAND, Iron- monger, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Rechabites' Picnic. The annual picnic of John Dimond and Wycliffe juvenile tents branches of Charity tent No. 11, took place on Saturday. Frodsham as usual was the place selected. The forenoon of Saturday foreshadowed a wet and miserable day, which somewhat marred the usual anticipation and damped the spirits not only of the children, but even the superintendents gravely shook their heads and predicted a wet day. Fortune how- ever, favoured the party and about an hour before the time the special train chartered to convey the party. was due to leave Bank Quay Station-1.45 the rain bad ceased and before the youngsters reached Frodsham there were hopeful signs that they were going to have a much better time than any of them had anticipated, the sun breaking through the clouds and bathing the bills in glorious sunshine. The after- noon was spent by the children in games of rounders, donkey riding, swing boats, a cricket match between the two juvenile tents causing no little "excitement amongst the aspirants to the game. John Dimond, the premier tent beat Wycliffe tent very easily. About 430 p.m. tea was prepared and about 430 children with a number of their parenta sat down. After tea the children again returned to their games whilst , others wended their way over the hills some visiting Dnnsdale Hollow and others the Caves. The return journey was made, the train leaving Frodsham about 8.30 p.m arriving at Warrington about 8.50 p.m. after a most enjoyable outing.

The Gymnasium. The Borough Gymnasium will be re-op2ned on Monday next. The session ends in May of next year. Anyone desirous of joining the classeg should apply to Mr. A. Mottram, the director of exercises. . Pearson & Knowles Coal & Iron Co., Ltd. The Directors have decided to recommend the payment of the usual half-year's dividend, at the rate of six per cent. per annum, on the preference shares, and a half-year's dividend at the rate of fifteen per cent. per annum, free of income tax, on the ordinary shares, making ten per cent. for the year. Fire at Messrs Parkinson's Mill. Shortly after half-past eight on Saturday evening a fire broke out at the mill of Mr. William Parkinson, corn merchant, in Bank-street. The alarm was given and the local brigade turned out with a full comple- ment of men. The fire engine escape and ladders were brought on the scene but it was found the latter were not required. The fire was soon extinguished. , The damage amounted to between £0 and SS which is covered by insurance. If the brigade had not turned out so promptly there would probably have been serious damage. The origin of the fire is unknown. SAUSAGE SEASON now commenced. ASHLEY'S—Advt. Music in the Park. The League\of the Cross Band will occupy the stand in the Park on Sunday next under the conductor- ; ship of Mr. T. Hynes :—Hymn, "0 Salutaris," T. Hynes; march, Marine Artillery'," W. Rimmer ; selection, "Opera Gems," H. Round; selection, "La Vestale," Spontine ; cornet solo, "Better Land," F. H. Cowen, soloist Mr. G. Mather; overture, "Don ' Quixote," H. Round; sacred march, "Hallelujah," J. Ord. Hume. International Order of Good Templars. The monthly concert in connection with the" Ideal" , Lodge, Thewlis-street, took place on Thursday even- ing, last. Bro. John H. Jones presided. The programme was as follows: —Solos by Miss Alice Griffiths, Miss Alice Woodland, Miss Lavinia Hewitt, Miss Mary Bather, Vies Kate Thomas, Mr. William ; Hughes, Mr. William Parker, Master Harry Colley. Recitations were given by Miss Lily Kendrick, Mr. Sam Crompton, and Mr. Albert Riley. Mr. John Eaton, of Earlestown, delighted the audience with his comic songs. Miss Ethel Burney gave a pianoforte solo and Miss Graham and Mr. Arthur Bowers gave a • pianoforte duet. Several members of the Warrington Male Voice Choir kindly took part. The programme was listened to by a crowded audience. The oppor- tunity was seized upon to present Bro. Phillips, who : is leaving Warrington for New , Zealand early in ' September, with a handsome dressing case as a recog- nition of his services to the Lodge. Bro. Phillips had a great deal to do with the formation of the " Ideal " Lodge and has acted ever since as its Treasurer and Electoral Superintendent. The accompanist was Miss • Alice Griffiths. PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER THE CLOCK ion BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt.

e'-4ittatM

===== 0002601_19070907_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
A Drunken Motorist Fined.

At Chester, on Monday, Thomas Thornton Gregson, master baker, of Lymm, pleaded guilty to having been drunk whilst in charge of a motor-car on Grosvenor- road on Sunday.—Mr. Charles Francis Bell, of Norley Hall, said he was driving along Wrexham-road from! Llangollen on Sunday, and when he came to Pulford, he saw prisoner's car in front of him swerving from 1 side to side. Approaching two cyclists the car I swerved- towards them, but witness could not seal whether they were struck or not. A second cyclist was lying in the hedge as be (witness) passed, hut as the cyclist's friends were attending to him witness didi not stop, but proceeded to Chester where he warned the police, as he considered the driver was drunk.— I Captain Aikin, of the Chester Motor Garage, said that' on Sunday night he saw prisoner's car swerving from I side to side. Prisoner was the worse for drink, and I at the request of the police witness took charge of I the car.—Prisoner told the magistrates that he only had three drinks the whole of the day.—The Chairman said it was a very serious charge, as prisoner was endangering the lives of other people.—A fine of 20s. and costs or a month's imprisonment was imposed. Mr. A. J. King, M.P. and the House of Lords. Addressing a Liberal meeting at Eastham on Saturday, Mr. A. J. King, M.P. said there never was a more capable or zealous set of Ministers than those which comprised the present Government. In spite of that, they had to deal with a very effete piece of I machinery which moved slowly and creaked on its i hinges. Nevertheless, something had been done to remedy these defects, and the Grand Committees which had been established, and in which a large amount of useful work had been done, facilitated the business very much. The house was so overweighted with business that they would have to go in for some scheme of devolution with Irish, Scotch, Welsh, and English questions settled locally, leaving the House of Commons to deal with Imperial affairs. He was not sure whether their grievance against the House of Lords was greater because of their treatment of Liberal measures or of their inaction when the Tories were in office. If the House of Lords had exercised its revising functions when the Education Act of 1902 was introduced it would have been some justification for the action of the House of Lords now. If the Lords did not change their tactics, if they constantly thwarthed the wishes of the people as expressed by their representatives in the House of Commons, the time could not be far distant when the Government would have to appeal to the country to decide whether the will of the people or the will of the Lords should prevail. He hoped, when the time came, Cheshire would be as united in the cause of democracy as they were at the time of the last general election. (Applause.) TRAVELLING TRUNKS, DRESS BASKETS, &C. Try J. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge-street, War- , rington.—Advt. Football Club Concert. A smoking concert was held in the Parr Hall on Tuesday 'evening, under the auspices of the Warring- ton Football Club, to celebrate the cup victory and to inaugurate the forthcoming season. There was an exceedingly large audience and great praise is due to , the members of the committtee who had the arrange-- meats in band.—Mr. T. R. Ford, who made an excel- lent accompanist, opened the proceedings by a piano- forte solo. The Warrington Quartette Party were beard to advantage in the well-known song" Annie Laurie "and also in "A catastrophe." Three artistes from the Royal Theatre of Varieties—Mr. Cliff Ryland Mr. H. 0. Wills and Mr. V. Courtney— by the kind permission of Messrs.Johnson,Potter and Wilmdt,enter- tained the audience, Mr. Courtney's pianoforte sketches being particularly acceptable. Mr. G. Gough effectivly rendered two songs entitled "A sleep in the Deep" and " For King and Country." Messrs. Crovfield's Quartette Party were encored for two selections which were very tastefully played. Mr. J. Willett scored a success with Mona"' and "An evening song," and was heartily recalled, responding with" Sweet Marie." Mr. T. Rose greatly amused the audience with a humorcais song and sketch. Mr. Bedforth, who is the bandmaster of Messrs. Crosfield's band, played two euphonium solos in grand style and Mr. A. Watson contTibuted two songs. The Misses Lewis delighted the company with a harp and mandcrline duet which was skilfully given. Praise is due IMr. H. Ashton, the hon. seeretary, who gave valuable assistance in the arrangements. Drowning Mystery., An inquest was conducted by Mr. R. Dobson at Stocktc,n Heath on Monday, touching the death of Alfred Blythe, 28 years of age, who resided with his father at 5, Liverpool-road, Warrington, and whose body was found in the Bridgwater Canal on Sunday morning.— Ssinuel Blythe, father of the deceased, said he last saw his son alive at nine o'clock the previousl Monday night. He had had a week's sickness and was suffering from lumbago. He did not seem in any way depressed. He understood that his son left home at about nine o'clock on Tuesday morning to go for a walk, saying that he would return for dinner.—ln answer to the Coroner, witness said deceased had lost one of his eyes, and had a false one. Sometimes he seemed to feel very sensitive about it.—Arthur Wilkinson, ironworker, 29, Heath-street, Stockton Heath, said that at 6.30 on i3unday morning he went to 6sh in the Bridgewater Canal near Red-lane Bridge. About 7.30 two men came up to him and said they had seen a peculiar object floating in the water about 200 yards away. He went back with them and cast his line over the object and drew• it to the side. It proved to be the body of the deceased. He then went, for the police, who returned with him and removed the body.—Acting-Sergeant Richard Bostockstationed at Stockton Heath, said he went to the spot with the last witness and removed the body to the Bridge Inn, Appleton. He examined the body, but found no marks of violence upon it. He thought the body would have been in the water about four days. He searched the clothing, and found a watch and chain, 3d. in copper, a pocket knife, and a book containing an address in Warrington.— The jury returned a verdict of "Found drowned."

MIME

===== 0002601_19070907_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

First youth (who thinks he is a born humorist) : "Gentlemen, let me introduce to you my friend, who isn't as stupid as he appears to be." Introduced Friend (without any hesitation): "That's precisely the cliffer- ence between my friend and myself."

Mrs. Smug '(looking wistfully after the partion) : "There's an odour of piety about that dear man." Mr. Smug: ."You never say that about me, yet parson and I both drink the same brand."

Clara's Young Man: "Won't you play some- thing for us, Maud?" Maud: "What shall it be?" Clara: "Oh, anything you can think of that's appropriate." Maud: "Then I'll play something soft."

Ethel (who is not famous for her good looks) : "I don't see why you should call Miss Whitmore plain. I'm sure I only wish I were half as good-looking as she is." Fred: "You are, Ethel—you know you are." And Fred is wondering whether he meant to acm- pliment her.

Dumley : "I met a fellow to-day who was simply crazy about a buried treasure; couldn't talk of anything else." Peckham: "That reminds me of my wife." Dungey: "Oh! Does she talk about one?" Peckham: "Yes, her first husband. I'm her sdcond. you know."

"We excel you in everything," boasted the American. "I don't think you do," responded the Britisher. "How about , our get-rich- quick concerns? Have you any to equal them?" ' "Certainly. How about our noble- men who marry American girls?"

"I'm going to take a stick to that miser- able beast of yours one of these days, madam." "I wish you would; neither his father nor myself can do a thing with him." "Madam, I am speaking of your dog, not of your little boy." "What! Take a, stick to my Fido ! You. horrid brute, you; don't you dare !"

Enthusiastic but Short-sighted Lady Ar- tist (to old labourer) : "My good man, what are those beautiful waving objects near those trees, rivalling the latter themselves in grace and beauty of outline, making such a beauti- ful variety in the landscape, and seeming to hang 'twist earth and heaven?" Old Labourer (gruffly) : "My shirts."

A young student who had gone to pass a University examination had the misfortune to be "plucked." By way of breaking the news to his parents he wrote home: "I have had a grand time here; everybody was good to me. The professors were especially kind, and asked me to come back again next term."

An Irishman looking for wOrk took his stand in a group at the gate of a large engi- neering establishment. By-and-by the fore- man came up to the gate and asked :—"Are there any drillers here?' "Yes," said Pat, stepping forward. He got the job at once, but he had not been working long at the machine when it broke down. The foreman, in anything but a pleasant mood, then in- guired : "Where' man, did you learn drill- ing?" "In the Militia," was Pat's reply.

"Mr. Scrimple," said the commercial mag- nate to the young barrister, "I want to make use of your valuable services." "Very well, sir," said Scrimple, as he gasped at the joy- ous prospect of a first brief. "What can I do for you?" "A firm which competes with my house," replied the magnate, firmly, about to bring an action for damages against me, and I want you to get them to enzage you as their counsel."

Over-shrewd lawyers often furnish their adversaries with weapons. "Did you see this tree that has been mentioned, by the roadside?" an advocate inquired. "Yes, sir; I saw it very plainly." "It was conspicu- ous, then?" The witness seemed puzzled by the new word. He repeated his former as- sertion. "What is the difference," sneered the lawyer, "between plain and conspicu- ous?" But he was hoist. on his own petard. The witness innocently answered: "I can see you plainly, sir, among the other lawyers, though you are not a bit conspicuous."

Mark Twain tells the following story: I visited the Governor of Buffalo. There ap- peared to be about 16 doors to his spacious room. I seated myself on the corner of the table, and immediately from each. ,of the 16 doors a young man emerged, and the 16 lined up. The Governor said to them: "Your ser- vices are not required. Mr. Clemens is sitting on the bells." There was a cluster of 16 bell buttons on the corner of the table.

Only recently, Mr. Birchington discovered that his office boy was one of twins, and it came about in this way. Last Mohday he ab- sented himself from his duties, and\ was natu- rally called upon for an explanation on Tues- day. "Went to another job," was his terse reply. "Oh! So you'll be leaving us, I pre- sume?" said his employer. "No, don't think I'd be so 'ard on you as that. But, you see, it's like this. My brother Dick, 'e got a job last week, to start yesterday, 'e was paid by the hour. Well, come yesterday, 'e was so queer 'e couldn't go ; and so, of course, I put on his clothes and went. We're twins, and I get paid here whether I work or not, and 'e don't. See?" Mr. Birchington saw.

Mrs. Suburbs: "Do you still receive that dreadful Mrs. Comealwus at your At Homes?" Mrs. Tiptop: "Impossible to get her to take a hint. Do you know, when she called I never offered her a chair." Mrs. Suburbs: "And what was the result?" Mrs. Tiptop: "Result? Why, the next time she came she brought a folding camp-stool with her."

Stippler : "Did Miss Kutts admire your paintings?" Dobber : "I don't know." Stippler : "What did she say about them?" Dobber : "That she could feel that I put a great deal of myself into my work." Stippler : "Well, thatYs praise." Dobber : "Is it? The picture I showed her was 'Calves in a Mea- dow.'"

"Is your new clerk all you thought he was?" "Well, yes. I think he is; but I am sorry to say that he is far from being what he thinks himself to be."

"Oh, yes, we are engaged to be married this winter; but -I fear she has not that con- fiedence in me that comes with perfect love." "Why so?" "Well, when a fellow looks baek—as a fellow in love naturally will, you know—and sees her testing the diamond' in her engagement-ring oil the window-pane, don't you think he has good cause to feel a bit dubious?"

Mrs. Cutomer : "That lamb you sent me, Mr. Stintwaite, was the largest and toughest mutton I ever saw." Mr. Stint- waite : "Tut, tut! It's that boy been loiter- ing again. I assure you, ma'am, when that joint left the shop it was the sweetest little leg o' lamb you could set your eyes on! And I gave him strict 'orders to deliver it at once because you wdnted it young."

The hungry individual entered the restau- rant and ordered a lamb chop. After a \long delay the waiter- returned, with a chop of microscopical proportions. "I say," called the customer, "I ordered a chop." "Yes, sir; there it is." "Ali, so it is," replied the diner, peering at it closely. "I thought It was a crack in the plate.

swAm p Is not recommended for everything, but if you have kidney, liver or ROOT. bladder trouble, it will be found just the remedy you need. At Chemists in Is. 10. and 2s. 3d. sizes. You may have a sample bottle of this wonderful new discovery by post free, also pamphlet telling all about it. Dr. Kilmer S.; Co., Dept. 329, Temple Chambers, London, E.C.

The Chinaman who obtained] a licence to d* bu.sriness as an auctioneer is selling goods under the hammer in a store in Wuthfington- street, near Dupont. The place i€ fitted up on one side with a counter, behind which sits a Mongolian, wearing a skull-cap with a. red button. Before him he has an abacus to cast up accounts, and besides has sundry books in whith he keeps records of sales, making the entries with a cat's-hair brush dipped in Indian ink.

Behind him are a number of shelves stocked with gaudy-coloured shoes such as are worn by Chinese females and children, rare-coloured allk handkerdhiefs, small looking-glasses in teak-wood frames, chinaware decorated with pictures of animals known only to the Chinese, and which it would be impossible for the most expert white naturalists to classify, and fancy articles which please the Chinese senses. The auctioneer, in a light blue suit, was at his post, and was earnestly urging those in front of (him to purchase. "He says,", said the interpreter, "now you've got a chance to buy everything at your own price, and if you miss this opportunity you'll wish you never had been born, for you'll never get such a chance again." One Chinaman in the centre of the crowd draws the attention of the auctioneer to him; and with a long, bony finger pointed to a blouse on one of the cords. "He wants him to sell that," said the inter- preter.

The auctioneer produced the desired garment, and unfolded it after the manner of a cheap John auctioneer when offering for sale a red shirt, swearing that it will never fade, never shrink. and never lose a stitch. He dilated upon its quality and value, declaring that no Chinese merchant could afford to sell it for less than twenty dollars. Through the interpreter the reporter then ascertained what followed the offer of :the article.

"I will give fifty-five cents," said the man who had ordered the garment down. The auctioneer dropped the garment as if he had been struck by paralysis. A moment after he arose to his full height, and shading his eyes with his right hand, cast a glance at the man who had made the offer, and said— "Fifty-five cents! What is the matter? Are you crazy?" , "You said we could have the goods at our own price," said the bidder. "Yes, that's what you said," cried out a num_ ber of Chinamen from various parts of the MOM.

"But I did not say that you could have them for nothing," remarked the auctioneer. "Will anybody give any more for it?' Not a word was spoken for several seconds. "Now, here," said the auctioneer, holding up the garment in his left hand, and striking the counter with his right, "does anybody else offer any more for this; twenty dollar blouse?" One timid-looking individual in the rear of the place ventured to bid sixty cents., when he was assailed by the voices of at least twenty Chinamen, who exclaimed— "You have no business to bid more than this; man did! The auctioneer said any one could have, goods at his own price; this man fixed his price, and you have no business to inter- fere." (

The auctioneer entered into a long explana- tion as to the rights of bidders at an auoticin, but the crowd held him to his announcement that purchasers could have goods at their own price, and forced the second bidder to withdraw his bid.

"Give me the garment," said the first bidder, tendering two quarters and a nickel. "You cannot have it for that," said the auc- tioneer.

This assertion was followed by a jabbering by every one composing the crowd, which could only be compared to the chattering of a cage full of monkeys. The purport of the remarks was that the auctioneer had been taken at his word, and that he would have to let the bidder have the garment. He finally yielded, and passed over the blouse, and ,took the purchaser's money, which he handed to one of his assistants, who passed it over to the bookkeeper. The purchaser then attempted to fit on the blouse, but found it four sizes fob small for -him, and he then wa,nted the auctioneer to take it back and return him hits money; hut this he refused to do, saying he bought it at his own price, with his eyes open, and now he must be satisfied. The ,purchaser became wroth, denounced the auctioneer and the manner in which he did business, but found that the crowd which, but a few minutes before. had taken sides with him, had turned against him, saying— • "A bargain is a bargain, and anybody w'ho gets one must be satisfied." And uttering a few words, the purchaser of the garment sold it to a smaller man for thirty- five cents and went away. - -

P. LYMN.

Scene at College.—Junior (translating): "An' the—an'—an' the Lord said, f.ord said unto— unto Moses." Here he hesitlcted, and looked appealingly to a neighbour, who whispered: "skip it." Junior (gang en): "And the Lord said unto Moses, skip it"

• - 1;14 - ,; , Ar , 4474,4,4. .11.11`tits„_ - , • I UNCLE Tszi, *1.40 • t •••-•""-"' - ED• 4111110, • -let • c It CHILDREN, A CHINESE AUCTION!

===== 0002601_19070907_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
=MESJi4

===== 0002601_19070907_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
lii DEA:

The 3rd of September is getting near as I write these lines. Do you remember why I tell you this? Well, our Holiday Competition ends on that date, and I want a lot more cards sent me telling of your impressions of the place you visited on your recent holidays. Don't for- get, but send me a few lines ,at once. Now for another subject. I want more members of odr Corner. There is no entrance fee; nothing to do but send me a line saying that you wish to join. Once your name is enrolled you are free to enter all compbtitions and win nice prizes. I shall have more to say on this matter next week, and also some words on working for the poor during the coming long evenings. With love, UNCLE NED.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REWARD OF MODESTY.

A Quaker who lived in a large country man- sion was in the habit of giving a book to each of his servants at the beginning of each year. One New Year's-day, as usual, he called hi.s servants together\ in his room, and told them to choose each one a book for himself. Among them was a little stableboy, who, when his turn came, went up to the gentleman, and said. "If you please, sir, will you. choose one for me, which,my mother can read too, for she is very lonely now my father is dead." The gen- tleman rose and took from his bookshelf a volume of the "Pilgrim's Progress," bound in leather, and packing it up told the boy to take it home to his mother. When they began look- ing through it. to their great surprise, out fell a five pound note. The boy's mother said there must be some mistake, so she sent her son off at once to the gentleman with it. The Quaker having heard the lad's story, said, "No, there is no mistake. I put that five pound note in for you, as a reward for your being so unsel- fish and modest." DAISY STOCKS.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
SWEETS TO ME SWEET.

THE VIOLET.

Down in a green and ehady bed

1

- .

Sweets to the sweet, and flowers for the fair! Who with sweet Jessica will you compare? Watering flowers, or reading good books, Whatever she does, she does with sweet looks. Sweets to the sweet, and flowers for the fair! What with the sweet flower of love may com- pare? This to fair Jessica cormeth one day.

Whatever she losee, may love twith Her stay

E. STOCKS.

A modest violet grew; Its stalk was bent. it hung its head,

As if to hide from view. And yet it was a lovely flow'r, its colours bright and fair; It .nli,sht have graced a rosy bow'r Instead of hiding thefe. Yet there it was content to bloom, In modest tints arrayed.; And there diffuse its sweet perfume

Within that silent shade. Then let me to the valley go, This pretty flow'r to see: That I may also learn to grow In sweet humility. ELIZABETH BREARLEY.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
A VENERABLE TURTLE.

Mr. A. J. Case, of New York, is said to have a land turtle that was at its maturity in 1815. Mr. j Case's father, who had served as a colonel in the war of 181, found the turtle on his farm at Cutchogue, L. 1., and marked his name on its I under shell, "Benjamin Case, 1815." The first and last letters of the name are still legible. but the others have long since been obliterated.l In 1841, when Mr. Case was a young man work- ing on the farm, he, too, caught the turtle and scratched his name and the date, "A. J. Case,' 1841," right over his father's mark. This inscrip- tion is so plain that it can easily be read with- out glasses. The older one, except the date, re- quires a magnifier. Mr. Green, the present owner of Colonel Case's farm, found the turtle between 1841 and 1860, a,nd again a few days ago. The turtle is of the kind known among farmers as " skillpods." Its shell measures nearly six inches, and the body, when extended, over two inches more. The upper shell is nicely speckled with yellow and dark spots, but the left side ! has a curious wound, which, Mr. Case thinks. ' must have been made by a stroke of an old- , fashioned mowing scythe. The turtle's eyes look as bright as if it were only twenty years old, instead of, as it probably is, over one ; hundred.

"HULLO." If you see a friend in woe, Walk right up and say, "Hullo," Say "Hullo," and "How 'de do, How's the world a'using you?" Smack the teller on the back. Bring your hand down with a whack; Walk right up, and' don't go slow, Grin and shake and say "Hulk." Is he dressed in rags or show, Walk right up and say "Hullo"; Rags are but a cotton roll, Just, for wrapping up a soul; And a soul is worth a true Hail and hearty "How de do?"; Don't wait for, the crowd to go, Walk right up and say "Hullo." F. DARR.

A rather verdant young man, conceited and French gentleman to his rustic servant: censorious., while talking to a young lady at a "Well, Jean, did you give ths marquis my party, pointed towards a couple that he sup. note?" "YCti, sir; I gave it to him; but there's posed to be in an adjoining room, and F. aid: no use writing him letters—he can't see to read "Just look at that conceited young prig! Isn't them. He's blind—blind as a bat!" "Blind?' it perfectly atsurd for such boys to go into "Yes, sir—blind. Twice he asked me where my society?" "Why." exclaimed his companion, hat was. and I had it on my head all the time. "that isn't a door; it's a mirror!" - Blind as a bat!"

Little Johnnie was visiting at a neighbour's Cabby, with surprise: "A shillin' sir? Why, house. He was offered a piece of bread-and- :t's more'n two mile." Fare, calmly: "No, it's butter: which he accepted, but not with any only a mile and three-quarters; but you were degree of enthusiasm. "What do you say. an awful time over it with that old screw of Johnnie?" asked the lady, expecting him to , yours." Cabby, with indignation: "Screw ie.he, say, "Thank you." "I say it ain't cake," was guvenor I Well, then. I'm blest if I haven't the impolite response. j beien driving a pair of them, and no mistake!"

I

===== 0002601_19070907_art0100.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. •

===== 0002601_19070907_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

SEPTEMBER. FROM WARRIN,GTON TO

Acton Bridge-7 14, 7 40, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 5, 1 10. 2 55, a 3 35, 5 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sunday, 10 15 a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)--5 22, 5 30, 7 11,8 35, a 9 58,10 13 bll 20, bll 42, all 55, a.m. 2 41,1 39,6 28, 8 37, 98, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 33, 60, p.m. a" Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W. Talhot-road)-5 22,5 30, 11,8 35,10 18.1311 20,11 42, 11 55 a.m. 1 15,2 41,4 39, 6 28, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43; a.m. 6 0 p.m. b Saturdays only. Chester-7.34,8 17,8 53. 9 5, 10 23,11 30 a.m. 12 30, 1255, 1 30,1 40, 2 30,3 19, 4 22, 5 6,6 4, 6 48,7 54,8 5, 10 18, 11 35 p.m. Sundays-8 44, 10 45 a.m. 745, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green 7 5, 85, 8 25, 10 10, 10 55 fLin. 12 25, 2 45, 3 45, 5 15, 6 37, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 31, 9 sa.m. 12 30, 230,3 19, 56, 64, 85,10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill--7 36, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 64, 744 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 75' 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 14,10 55, 11 rk a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 2 45, 3 45,3 50, 515, 6 37, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 46, 8 35, 843 a.m. 5 10,6 0, 7 57, 9 54 p.m. Fiddlets' Ferry and Penketh-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 80, 10 0 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7,34, 95,10 23 10 30, a.m. 12 30 2 30, $ 19,4 22, 5 G, 6 4, 7 54,8 5, 10 20,a1l 35 p.m.Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golborne-5 30, 75, 85, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 3 50, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 p.a. Sundays 843 a.m. 60 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 9 5,. 11 31 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 56, 64, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam,Cadisbead-7 0,7 50 88, 9 3 a.m. 2 2,.4 58, 710, 915 all 50 p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 18, 11 32 a.m. 3 195, 50, 7 18, 935 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15' ' 6 10, 725 , a 8 30, 9 25 p.m. Sundays 6 30,8 46 a.m.3 5,8 10 p.m. ! Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liverpool(C.L.C.)-a4 40,5 35,7 5,754,8 2,d8 35,8 50, 9 12, 9 20, d 50,10 35, 10 50, 11 50 am. 12 0,12 50,1 10, bl 13,1 50,2 7, 2 50, 3 13,3 50, 3 56,4 5,4 10, 4 50, 5 2, 5 50,5 57, 627, 6 50, 7 5, 7 50,8 0,8 50,8 55,9 40, 10 11, 10 40, blO 42, bll 15,11 38, 11 47 p.m. Et Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, c Saturdays excepted, dMondays and Saturdays only. Sundays 4 40,5 35,9 0, 9 45, 9 55, 11 20 a.m. 2 20, 2 39, 4 46, 6 22, 7 10, 8 28, 9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, b 5 25, 7 11, 7 27, 8 23, 9 19, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 12 25, 1 55, 245, 3 20, 3 45, 347, 515, 620.78, 740, 80, 9 25, 10 0, 10 30, ell 30 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. cSaturdays only.Sundays,4 51,5 20, 835, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 28;5 10, 60,80, 10 8 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 05, 10 53 ELM. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 610, 7 25, aB3O, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays oilly from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bIl 40 p.m. . b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-W)-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 56, 5 30, b 7 11, 85. 8 23, 8 46, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 12 19,1 15,2 12,2 32, 2 45, 318,3 31,3 50,4 26,5 10,5 15, 5 53,6 33,7 20,8 6,c8 43, 9 22.d940, 10 30p.m.Sundays 2 55,4 56,7 35 a.m. 5 15, 6 0,7 57,9 3 p.m. a Mondays only. b Mondays excepted. c Saturdays only. dMondays and Saturdays only. Manchester (C.L.C.)-6 40, 6 55, 7 57, 8 8, 8 55, 93,955 10 55, 11 22, 11 a.m. 12 55, 1 55, 2 55, 3 5'5, 4 55,4 58, 5 55, 6 55, 7 10, 7 55, 8 22, 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, bll 25, 11 50 p.m. • b Saturdays only. Sundays 8 45, 9 32, 10 18, 11 22 a.m 30, 3 15, 456, 5 718, 8 55, 9 15,9 25, 9 30, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 10 20, a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 2 55, a 3 35, 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 55,b4 45,5 30, 7 5,8 5,8 35, 9 19,9 25,10 10,10 40.10 55, 11 55. a.m. 12 18.12 25, 1 15, 1 50, 2 45,3 31. 3 50,4 26, 450, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 22,10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 7 46, 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Mondays only. Padgate-7 0, 7 12, 7 45, 8 8, 8 35, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 12 18, 1 41, 3 55' 4 58, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 35, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0, 9 25 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m." 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0, 10 0 pm. Sankey-7 5, 82,95,10 0, 11 5 a,.m. 12 0, bl 0, al 8,2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 26, 75,8 0, 90, blO 0, alO 42, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 20 a.m. 2 39, 97. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. St. Helens (L. & N.-W.)-7.5, 8.25. 10.10, 10.55, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3.20, 3.45, 5.15, 6.37, 7.8, 7.40, 8.0, 9.25, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 8.35, 9,5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays only. Southport C.L.C.-7.5.8 35' a 9.36, 10.25, 11.2, 12 0 a.m.1.27, 3.18, 4 10,5 2,b6.20,6 30, 7.40, 8 0, 9.10,10.40, p.m. Sundays, 9.35 am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. aMondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays

excepted. - Thelwall-6 15, " 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 A.M. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 7 5, 8 35, 9 53, 10 55, 11 42 11 55 a.m. 115, 150, 350, 446, 515, 6 28, 7 20, 8937, 98,10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 3 35,6 0, 9 54p.m. Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 5, 95, 10 11 5 a.m. 12 0, al 0, 131 13.2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 528, 6 26, 7 5, 8 0, 90, alO o,blo 37 p.m. a Saturdays excented, b Saturdays only. Sundays 90, 935 a.m. 2 39, 918 p.m.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

Acton Bridge-6 41.7 20, 8 54, 10 57 a in. 12 19, a 3 0,3 55, 4 36, 7 20,8 40,Sundays 7 59 a m. 4 42 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L & N.-W.)-8 0, 8 25, 9 10,10 2,10 20, 1150, 1 17, 2 52, 4 55, 6 48, 7 30, 8 15, b 9 10, 10 5, blO 25 p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 1 55, 4 50, 8 20, 10 15 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. c Thursdays only. Blackpool (L. & N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 40, 10 15,11 30,11 37 a.m.l 37,310,3 28, 4 27,5 20,7 0, 8 45, 10 0,1050 p.m. Sundays 7 25 a.m. 1 37,5 8, 7 45 p.m. Chester-2 25, b 4 20, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 1 35, 2 0, 2 10,3 0, 3 50, 5 15. 5 23,6 30, 7 35,8 10,8 50 a 910,010 0 p.m.Sundays 2 25,4 20.6 40, 7 15 a.m. 6 55, 8 35 p.m. b Mondays excepteid. a Mondays and Saturdays only. c Saturdays only. Collins Green-6 40, 79, 845, 1024, 11 23 a.m. 1245, 2 10, 3 5,4 I,A 38, 6 42,7 47, 9 6, alo 43, 10 58 p.m. Sundays 8 10 a.m. 7 15 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. 1/aresbury-8 11, 10 17,11 18 a.m.2 49, 6 2,7 11,8 43 p.ni. Sundays 7 26 a.m. 7 47 p.m. Dunham Hill 7 39, 9 52, 10 52 a.m. 2.22, 35, 6 47, 8 22 p.m. Sundays 6 48 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Earlestown-7 2,7 13, 847, 8 50. 9 15, 9 45, 10 25, 10 36, 11 26 a.m. 1233, 114, 23, 3 27, 5 10, 543, 552, 655, 743, 88, 9 10. 9 34, 1047, all 1, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 9 57, 10 3 a.m. 3 45. 7 21, 10 2 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-79, 8 53, 942, 10 45 a.m. 12 3. al2 57, 2 4, 3 27. 54. 62, 6 58, 9 14 p.m. Sundays 8 22 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Satu,days only. Frodsham-7 53,9 0, 10 1, ill, a.m. 2 31, 4 9, b 44, 6 56, 8 31, p.m. Sunday 7 2, a.m. 7 24 p.m. Golborne-6 44, 8 26, 10 12,a.m. 12 17, 2 41, 4 31, 6 30, 7 15, 9 21, 10 42, a.m. Sundays 9 40 a.m. 7,5 p.m. Helshy-7 46, 8 56, 9 57,10 57, a.m. 2 27, 4 4,4 27, 5 40, 6 54, 827, p.m. Sunday 6 53. a.m. 7 18, p.m. Irlam and aidishead-6 19, 6 48, 7 33, 9 53, a.m. 1 7, 4 54. 6 54. 8 55, 11 20, p.m. Sundays 9 21, 11 0, a.m. 1 20, 2 22,6 55, 8 50, 100 p.m. Latchford-7 55, 8 40, 9 22, 10 2, 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45, 2 13. 3 0, 3 38, 4 26. b 5 39. 6 7, 6 49, 7 39, 9 52, c 11 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. c Arpley. Sundays 8 23 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-5 10, G 15,6 30. 7 30, 7 40,8 17, 830, 840, 920, 9 30, 9 33, 9 45, 10 30, 11 5, 11 30, 11 33 11 50, a.m. 1230, 12 50, 1 0, 1 25, 145. 2 30, 240,9 43, PO, 4 30, 4 33. 4 43, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 6 35, 730. 8 30, 8 36, 8 40, 931), blO 50, 110, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 8 55, 10 45, 11 15 a.m. 2 30, 3 55, 4 30, (i 15,6 30. 8 30, 9 0,9 35, P.m. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.) 2 35,5 50,6 10,85, 8 35, 9 5, 9 30, 9 55 11 0 a.m. 12 21, 1 15, 2 45, 3 0, 3 35, 4 20, 4 50:5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 25, 8 30, 9 0, blO 5, 10 45, b 11 15 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays enly.Sundays 7 35,9 20 a.ra.2 10. 6 30,7 15,1043 p.m. Lymm-7 48,8 32,9 14, 9 54.11 3 a.m. 1 11, al 37, 2 5, 2 50, 330, 4 18, b 5 31, 559, G 41, 731, 9 43, 11 33 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdaysexcepted. Sundays $ 15 a.m. 2 25, 7 15 p.m. Manchester (Central)-5 55, 6 30, 7 30, 8 30.a9 5, 9 30, 9 33, 105, 1030, 1035, 1/ 30 ...tn. 12 30, 12 50, 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 3 45, 4 30, 4 35 5 30. 0. 6 30, 6 35, 7 10, 7 30, 8 30, 8 35, 0 20, 10 20, alo 50, 11 0 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 30, 9 5, 9 30, 10 30 a.m. 40, 2 0.2 5, G 0, 6 35, 8 30. 9 40 p.m. Manchester (London Road.)-7 5,7 50,9 20, 10 25, a.m. 12 30,131 5, 2 0,2 55, 3 40, a 5 0, 5 20, 6 5, 6 55, 9 5, 11 0, p.m. Sundays 7 30. a.m. 1 40, 6 3g p.m. &Saturdays excepted. b Saturdays only. Moore-6 56. 9 6, 11 9 a.m. 12 32, a 3 1, 4 8, 4 55, 37 3 p.m. Sundays 8 18 a.m. 4 58 p.m, a Wednes- days and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 20, 8 42, 9 7, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 11 8 a.m. 12 35, al 5. nl2B, 141, 37, 4 48, 5 5, 5 38, 549,627.730,85, 931. 103, 11 4, all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3 40, 7 20, 11 7 p.m. a Saturdays only. Padgate-6 30, 6 58, 7 55, 8 29,9 0, 10 3 a.m. 1 20,

2 0, 5 5, G 18, 7 5, 9 6, 10 25. 11 32 p.m. Suildays 8 52, 11 14 a.m. 2 33,9 12, 10 1-4, 10 20 p.m. Runcorn-5 55, 8 31, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 21, 14, 3 7, 4 40, 5 41, 6 30, 8 10, 10 10 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 7 50, 8 27, 9 30,10 16, 10 35 a.m.12 36 1 35, 1 40, 2 35, 3 43, 4 35,5 26,5 36, 6 23, 7 25, 8 28, 9 32, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m. 48, 8 54, p.m. Southport-8 0, 90, 10 15, 10 40, 12 25, 1 30, 2 45, 4 5, 4 10, 5 25,7 15,8 5,a9 5,10 o.Sundays 9 0,20, 750, a Saturdays only. Thelwall-7 51, 8 36, 8 18, 9 58, 11 7 a.m. 1 15, al 41, 2 9, 2 55, 3 34, 4 22 b 5, 35, 6 3, 6 45, 7 35,9 47, 11 28 p.m. Sundays, 8 19 a.m. 2 59, 719 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)--a2 39, b 3 10, 6 33, 8 15, 9 17, 9 54, 100, 11 38 a.m. 125, 1 26, 2 30, 327, 4 20, 4 56. 520 6 55, 75, 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 39, 930 a.m. 3 25, 6 55, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
"ZZL'""""/"°*"429,llWaNsiiiw.i.vouo

===== 0002601_19070907_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH POWER

GOOD DIGESTIO

The power to think well, work well, sleep well, and enjoy life depends mainly upon the ability of your digestive organs to extract strength and nourish- ment from food. When digestion fails, as in dyspepsia and indigestion, the body is starved, no matter how much food is eaten. Your body is also poisoned, for food remaining in the stomach ferments, producing poisonous gases, which, being absorbed into the blood, shatter the nerves, dull the brain, create disease, and give rise to headaches, languor, loss of appetite, palpi- tation, flatulence, and other disorders of the blood and nerves.

When from errors in diet, climatic changes, or over- work, the stomach, liver and kidneys fail to perform their functions perfectly, there is no remedy that will so soon restore them to health and vigour as the tonic extract of roots and herbs, Mother Seigel's Syrup. As a digestive tonic and stomachic remedy it has no equal. This is the testimony of thousands NO:ppm it has cured of chronic iniigestion and dyspepsia. This was the case with Mrs. Gertrude Grimes, 29 Gertrude-road, Sprowston-road, Norwich. On February 25th, 190 T, she wrote :—"1 had not been well for a long time. I never could eat in the morning but felt dull and run down. Often there were pains at my stomach, and I was troubled with wind and headache. Constipa- tion, too, caused me much distress, And altogether I was thoroughly out of sorts and ill. I worked away with home remedies, till at last I was advised to try Mother Seigel's Syrup. That was tha beginning of relief. The pains soon went,my general health improved, too, and now I never felt better in my life."

This shows the power of Mother Seigel's Syrtip acting through the digestive System. \This is the way to health keep to it.

THE 2/6 BOTTLE CONTAINS THREE TIMES AS MUCH AS THE :/13,- SIZE.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS

The Deputation question.

A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday under the presi- dency of Mr. W. Houghton. There were also present: —Mrs. Simpson, Mrs. Wilkinson, Miss Broadbent, Dr. Murray, Dr. Patterson, Rey. M. Ryan, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, J. Billing(); S. Davie', R. Bolton. W. Furness, W. C. Brooks, J. Evans, M. W. geton, G. Mather, J. Back. house, T. Ritchie, .T. C. Sutton (clerk), J. F. Awbery (master) and A. Wright (superintendent of Padgate Cottage Homes).

===== 0002601_19070907_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
ROUSE COMMITTEE.

At a meeting of the House Committee Mrs. Frost's offer to entertain the children at Grappenhail was accepted with thanks. After lunch discussion and by the casting vote of the Chairtnan it was re3olved to instruct Messrs. Owen to prepare plans indicating the lines of drainage, main steam piping, electric cable and water pipes. The minutes were approved. AN APPOINTMENT. - -

The Local Government Board wrote sanctioning the appointment of Mrs. Hilditch as assistant mistress at Padgate Cottage Homes. • VACCINATION FERS. _ _ _

The CLERK said the Local Government Board had acknowledged his letter with reference to the fees it was proposed to pay for vaccination and promised to forward the necessary forms.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
DEPUTATION QUESTION.

Mr. BILLINGE moved that the Board be represented at the meetings of the North-Western Poor Law Con- ference at Liverpool on September 27th and 28th by this Chairman, Vice-Chairman, Mr. Jolley and Mr. Mather (chairman of the Schools Committee). He remarked that they were honoured in having one of their colleagues (Mr. Jolley) selected to read an important paper at the Conference. Mr. SETON seconded. Mr. BouroN : Four seems a large num her. Mat is the usual number? . . . .

The CLERK said the usual number was three,lbut there was a double meeting at Manchester on,a double sub- ject at which Mr. Jolley was the only representative of the Board. While there, he was persuaded by the Con- ference people present to undertake the writing of a paper on a very important subject: "Contracts." It was therefore important that he should be one of the deputation. Mr. BOLTON objected to the number being increased to four and said the deputations seemed to consist of one class of gentlemen year after year. The CLERK said that was not correct, for although it waq the custom always to appoint the Chairman and Vice-Chairman the holders of those offices changed. Mr. BOLTON said some of the Guardians had not been on any deputations this year. There were some old Guardians who never got on one deputation, and it seemed a strange thing. The CtrairtmaN said the custom had always been for the Chairman, Vice-Chairman, and Clerk to attend, and he did not see why it should be departed from. Latterly they had included the Chairman of the Padgate Schools Committee, but he thought if they made a departure in that respect they should begin with the 'senior committee, which was the House Committee. The CLERK said he believed in connection with the Conference there would be a visit to tho training ship "Indefatigable," which would be interesting to the Schools Committee. •

The motion was agreed to. At this stage of the meeting :klr. Houghton had to leave, and the chair was taken by Hr._Jolley.

SALARIES INCREASED.

On the recommendation of House Committee it was decided that the salaries of the norter and portress be increased £5 each, making them £35 and £3O respec- tively. APPOINTMENT OF NURSE. . .

Miss Price %vas appointed charge nurse at the Infirmary at a salary of £3O per annum, increasing after one year's approved servic,4 to £32 104.. with the usual allowances of board, apartments, uniform &c.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
USELESS SWIMMERS.

At an inquest held at Halifax on Monday on the body of a youth who had a tit in the Park-road Swimming Bath on Sunday morning and was drowned, it was stated that though the youth could be seen lying on the bottom of the bath none of half-a-dozen young men present would go in to get him out, though they were all good swimmers and one had gained prizes for diving. They said they were afraid and dare not go into the water. Eventually the body was got out by a railway labourer, who came in and dived in in his clothes.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
POULTON EX-TIIIACHER FOUND DEAD.

Mrs. Maria 'Umber, for fifteen years mistress of Poulton Catholic School, was found dead on her bed on Monday in Poulton. How long she had been dead is not known, but she was last seen Alive by the neigh- bours on Thursday. A chain at Pearson and Rnowles's Collieries. Wigan, broke on Monday and lashed a worker across the body, inflicting injuries from -which he died.

akes linen last longer

MINNIIJI2O'

===== 0002601_19070907_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
EARS OF FOREST ANIMALS.

Within the limits of particular groups large ears may be taken, as a rule, says the Scientific American, to indicate either great powers of hearing or the necessity of catch- ing every wave or sound. Thus, forest-dwell- ing animals generally have much larger, and especially broader, ears than their relatives inhabiting open country. An excellent in- stance of this is afforded by the okapi of the Semliki forest, as corktrasted with the giraffe of the more open 1, districts of' Africa —the ears in the one case being excessively broad and leaf-like, while in the other they are comparatively narrow and pointed. Simi- larly Grevy's zebra, which inhabits scrub jungles in Somaliland and north-east Africa generally, has much larger and wider ears than the ordinary zebra of the open veldt.

IMMUNITY FROM SCORPION POISON. A remarkable case of immunity with re- spect to the stings of a species of scorpion in a Mexican Indian is recorded by Mr. Carl Lumholtz in his interesting book, "Un- known Mexico." This Indian could handle these animals in a wonderful way without being • stung. He would allow a small light- brown species to run up his sleeve, or twist it between his thumb and forefinger. The immunity seemed to depend on the method of treatment, for the Indian related that when he mistreated them, as he was apt to do when intoxicated, they did ' sting. For this, however, he had a remedy. He would simply cut open the scorpion, and apply it to the wound. And Mr. Lumholtz was in- formed that this remedy was commonly used along the west coast. To protect themselves against the evil effects of scorpion stings, again, some people would eat plenty of sweet potatoes. The use of the scorpion as an ANTIDOTE TO ITS OWN STING

may be compared to the use of serpent's venom as a remedy for their bite. It has been stated that in South Africa the natives were in the habit of catching a serpent, squeezing out the venom, and drinking it. This produced a sort of intoxication, but protected them from the effects of the bite. In other parts they are said to extract the poison glands from the snakes they kill, and drink the secretion. They appear thus to gain absolute immunity. And such state- ments receive some support from Professor Fraser's discovery that an animal receiving a dose of serpent's venom is thereby pro- tected against the deadly effects of such venom injected sub-cutaneously.

NERVE IMPULSES AND THEIR PROPAGATION.

In a paper on the p'ropagaVon of nerve im- pulse, published in the 4(merican Journal of Physiology, Mr. Sutherkind gives it as his opinion that the electrical properties a nerves have received much attention, and the present hypotheses of nerve impulse pro- pagation, though seemingly purely mechani- cal, are in reality to be regarded as elec- trical also. For though he refers the " con- ductivity " of -nerve to the rigidity of Its substance, he has previously given electrical explanations of cohesion and rigidity. Two lines of thought lead to a conception of the possible importance of rigidity in the phe- nomena of nerve and muscle. In the first place, it is known that a -telly offers but

LITTLE MORE RESISTANCE to the passage of a -small ion than does pure water at the same temperature, despite the enormous difference in the large - scale vis- cosities of the two media. This proves that in a jelly the molecules 'of the gelatine form a mesh dividing the jelly into compartments with network walls which confine the mole- cules of -water in batches. The cellular structure gives to the jelly its rigidity, yet the meshes are so open that an ion urged forward by electric force has little difficulty in passing from one compartment to another, and encounters most of its resistance in passing through the batches of water mole- cules. Just as an ion moves through the jelly almost independently of the presence of the network, there ought to be phenomena of the jelly confined to the network as re- gards

===== 0002601_19070907_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
CAUSE AND EFFECT.

How would it be possible to propagate dis- turbance through A jelly without appre- ciably affecting. its contained water, as a diver signals by his rope in the man In charge of the air - pump? It seemed to Mr. Sutherland that muscular contraction and nerve conductivity might be physiological aLswers to this query. The second line of thought regards the slqwness of the propa- gation of. nerve impulse as probably con- nected with the smAll rigidity of the soft tissues in the animal body.

GP V 4'o 4P

61b04,

Sold everywhere in boxes, price 111 i (56 pills) ct 219 (168 pills). VefPciP6ll

IMMEM

===== 0002601_19070907_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
CURIOSITIES OF SIGHT.

It is. a fact not generally perceived by the majority of persons that if we run our eyes along the aide of a room, or along the horizon, the eyeballs do not follow the movement of the head with a smooth, uni- form motion, but keep in line by means of a series of quick, short,- almost Imperceptible jerks. At first one may not think that is so, but, 'says the New York Tribune, careful experiment will prove that it is. If the eyes are fixed on a moving object, then the =lion of the eyeballs in following the ob- ject is uniform; but when it is the head that moves, while the objects looked at remain 'fixed, the eyeballs perform in the manner just described. It is not necessary in order to observe this phenomenon that visible ob- jects should', be before the eyes. Let the eyes be shut, the fingers pressed lightly on the closed lids, and the head then turned from side to side. The little jerks with which tip - eyeballs follow the motion of the head will be distinctly perceived. Among the CURIOUS SCIENTIFIC EXPERIMENTS

that have 'been made in the effort to dis- cover the meaning of this peculiarity of the eyes is one in which a turn-table, large enough for a man to sit comfortably upon, plays a principal part. When the table is turned with a regular motion, the person sitting upon it, having closed his eyes, feels his eyeballs jerking as they follow the revo- lution of his head; but as the table con- tinues to turn the jerking gradually ceases, and at the same time .the person imagines that the revolution • is becoming slower, until at last, when the eyeballs no longer twitch, the table seems to him to have stopped turn- ing. If then, the table is suddenly 'bade to turn . faster, the jerking sensation is re- newed ; and if, on the contrary, it is made to turn moi:e slowly, the same senSp.tion experienced. But IIQW the person imagines that lie is being • revolved in, a direction opposite to that of the actual motion. Still more extraordinary is

THR EFFECT PRODUCED

by continuing the revolution, at a uniform rate after the person has lost the sense of rotation, and then causing him to bow his head upon his breast so that its motion is round an axis running from the chin to the back of the head. The instant this experi- ment is tried the person feels as if his head was turning round both of the , axes at the aame time, and the sensation is described as both curious and alarming. Some physio- logists believe that we possess a special sense relating to the rotary motion of thn! body. and they think that the °rutin of this sense is in tne ianyrintn of the ear. To tins organ they attribute our powers of equili- '3rium, so that, if it is seriously disturbed As reel and totter.

LS AN A

JOHN WALKER (S:. CO., POSTER PRINTING

"EXAMINER" OFFICE,

Bewsey St., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

WARRINGTON v. WIGAN.—This match was played on the-Arpley enclosure on Saturday. Scores : WARRINGTON. WIGAN. J. Callon h Scailo W. Richardson c Scaife b Callon

Tyler 1 J. Prestt bH. Callon 2 W. H. Poctmore c Ball b Broughton c Cresswell Tylert . B. Silcock b Tyler 4 Tyler c J. Callon b J. W. Bibby b Broughton 22 Silcock 6 Cresswell c Prestt b E. Elsworth cH. Callon Tyler W. V. Turton b Brough- S. Ball b Silcock ton 0 H. Pennington c J. J. W. Bainbridge c Ball Callon b Silcock ... 7 b Tyler W. Taylor b Tyler H. Callon not out A. Duckworth c Arm- D. Plinston not out 8 strong b Broughton... 0 Extras 3

Extras - 15

Total BOWLING ANALYSIS/ WARRINGTON. NVIGAN.' 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. Tyler l6 441 6 Cresswell ... 22 10 18 1 H. Scaife 9 2 19 1 H. Callon lO 3 23 2 Broughton 6.1 3 4 3 B. Silcock ... 12 1 29 4

===== 0002601_19070907_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

RESULTS TO AUGUsT 31ST. P. W. L. D. Pts Cheshire L. Engineers 14 ... 10 ... 4 ... 0 ... 20 St. James' Mackie's l3 ... '8 ... 4 ... 1 ... 17 Orford Barracks Wilderspool Brewery l3 ... 6 ... 6 1 ... 13 Bewsey Wesleyans Castle Rubber Works l3 ... 4 ... 9 ... 0 ... 8 Walker's Brewery

WALKER'S BREWERY V. BEWSEY WESLEYA,NS.— P!ayed on the ground of the former on Saturday, and resulted in an easy win for the visitors. Scores : Bevvsey Wesleyans, 84; Walker's Brewery, 30.

CASTLE RUBBER WORKS v. WILDERSPOOL BREWERY. —This match was played on the ground of the former, and resulted in a win for the Brewery by four runs. Scores :—Wilderspool Brewery, 40; Castle Rubber Works, 36. ORFORD BARRACKS v. ST. JAMES'.—Played at the Barracks on Saturday. Scores :

ST. JAMES': J. F. Foster c Ives b

BARRACKS. J. Wilson c Hackney b

Wilson C. Holt c Harford b

Booth. - 28 J. H. Knight, V.C., b _

Wilson 29 J. Sherratt c Moody b W. Ives b Holt Payton lO L. Riley c Foster b P. Knight c Harford b Green 8 Price ll S.-M. Jones b Holt .. . 35 F. R. C. Tole b Payton 6 J. Payton c Minards b W. H. Minards b Knight 3 Holt J.Cartwright lbw bJones 3 S. Price not out lO F. Booth not out C. Hackney b Jones 0 W Harfold b Holt 3 A. Green b Payton H. Booth c White b J. Gleason did not bat 8

Payton 0 Extra.s

Extras ...

_ Total 124

Total (for 8 wkts) ...152

===== 0002601_19070907_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
Friendly Matches.

B.A.RNTON V. MOORE AND DARESBTjRY.—PIayed at Daresbury on Saturday. Scores :

MOORE AND

D A.RESBURY.

B.IRNTON

Dutton.c Rose b Burgess 15 E. Reeves b Dutton ... 25 W. Antrobus b Burgess 4 A. Ellis c Antrobus b S. Taylor b Rose 1 Dutton 2 H. Taylor b Ellis H. Brough b Rose Hickerman b Ellis ...... Millington not out 4 J. Burgess c Brough b T. Antrobus,J.Millington Dutton 5 and J.Antrobus did not - F. Hewitt not out 0 bat . F. Ashley,J. Molyneux • ' W.Ashley& E.Capper did not bat Extras 7 Extras

, Total (for 6 wkts) ... 71 Total (for 5 wkts) 40

===== 0002601_19070907_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

WORKS ASSOCIATION. FOURTH ROUND.

The following matches wars played at the Bowling Greeu, Bank Quay, on Saturday :

LONGFORD WIRE CO. SANKEY WIRE MILLS. J. W. Sudlow J. Bartley l5 S. Fletcher W. Simister (oapt.) C. Holt l5 N Cook 7 W. Woods ll F. Wisedale l5 J. Simister W. Millman l5 G. Jennings .. 14 A. Scott P. Bradburn 0 W Foster l5 H. Atherton l2 James Harrison . l5 S. Radcliffe 3 A. Siddall

W. Warburton lO Thomas Harrison

127 151 Majority for Sankey, 24. P. AND K. WHITECROSS NO. 1. J. Hardman 9 W. Gleave T. Davies . 9 J. Gleave l5 A. Rosterne G. Ba11, capt. W. Eyes __ _ ____ 9

J. Gleave J. Worsley J. Bradshaw 5 G Warburton l5 H. Willis ms 5 J. Horton l5 W. Mee 5 A. Gleave l4 R. Rothwell l5 W. Janes J. W. Worsley l5 John Gleave

134 157 Majority for Whitecross No. 1, 23. CROSFIELDS NO. 2. WALKERS BREWERY. H. Cook _ - 15

J. Howard l3 Jas. Lawton l5 T. Lawton l5 T. Boardman

J. Watson l5 J. Maddock 8 D. Stokes l5 J. Parsonage J. Jackson P. Wright ~. . l5 J. Dunn 4 W. Howard l5 J. Berry ll J. Davies D. Higham, capt. W. Stokes . 10 J. Bolton, capt. W. Gibbons l5 Jas. Baxter

Total 166

Total lO7

Majority for Crosfields No. 2. 59.

The semi-flnal will take place on Saturday, when the following matches will be played : Crostields No. 1 v. Whitecross No. 1. Crostlelds No. 2 v. Sankey Wire Mills. Referee, G. Holbrook.

_ ! CEMETERY HOTEL V. CONSERVATIVE CLUB.—The ' return match was played on Saturday on the green of i the former. Scores : r CEMETERY. CONSERVATIVE CLUB. T. Humphreys 10 41 13 ,G. Ball sen. A. J. Jones ;T. Bolton .G. Ball, jun lll T Sutton ll_ 7 iR. Tilling Bll3 B. Marshall ,J. Baldwin ll 1 iq A Cook 9t 10 'A. Foster !H. Newton - 11113 J. Ashton J. E. Harrison ll. f J. Vernon 2f 1 ; VV. Hill ll 1_ ~1 R. straw ;.1 Wells ll ) " F. Price 2f F. Yarwood 'A. E. Burdett .. ...... 3 f J. Flatten ,W. Cottom - 10) 13 F. Smith , 11 fl 2 T. Horrabin 'A. Rostorne W. Hopkins A. Vernon 11 ) , T. Bridge - 10 T. Turner 4 )

224 120 142 80 Majority for Cemetery (home and home), 85.

PASSIVE RESISTER'S UNKNOWN FRIEND. Mr. H. G. C. Allgood, the Liberal agent of Cardiff, who was taken to prison on Saturday for non-payment of the education,rate, was liberated from Cardiff gaol on Monday morning, when he was informed that the tine and costs had been paid and that he could no longer be detained. Mr. Allgood is quite in the dark as to who paid the money. The only information that can be gained from the prison authorities is that it was paid by a woman.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. • •

,

===== 0002601_19070907_art0118.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
file&

===== 0002601_19070907_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MADAM, YOUR FACE!

===== 0002601_19070907_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
imi.m....n......M \

lad&

===== 0002601_19070907_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
HANDSOME FREE GIFTS.

With each order for one Dress Length of our NEW WYLWYRWELL FABRIC, value 7/6, 8111, or 9/6, we shall present. absolutely free, a Silver Brooch, Charm, Glove Mirror, Seal, or Hat Pin, all Hall- marked and worth from 1/11 to 2 6 each. HOW TO PROCEED.—Write at once for Patterns and full particulars and select which article

you prercr.

Patterns and Price, _List Post Free (need not be

returned.

LUTAS LEATHLEY 84 CO., IA, Wylwyriveli Warehouse, AfiMLEY, LEEDS.

i . lI(pOVVDE REATI NG'S , , , 01-Mil ' FLEAS BUGS)‘ FLIES 1 LTIN 3?6D1! - ___J

===== 0002601_19070907_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
SYTITI'm

IWNir

I /NOM/CAL t D N AND, THE TIME SAVING ,AIA *' CUP 111111,,C461..„!: MADE IN VIM• MINUTE 'llll4. OF ALL LARGE GROCERS AND SMALL BOTTLES

===== 0002601_19070907_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
806TRORT,'

6590110 GuiDE Bos,Ks taonathiastl?roapcutilvaer Watering Place on the Lancashire Coast are to be CIVEN AWAY POST FREE. Intending visitors should apply at once to J. WILKINSON, Tows HALT., Souniron.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATEST SONG SUCCESSES

By GODFREY ANDROS & HOWARD AYNSTEY. 'SING ME A SONG.' 'THE MAID OF GENEVA.' 'SONG OF THE BELL.' 'ONE WORD.' Price 16 net ca.Fh each, post free.

HOWARD AYNSTEY, 18 COXERAGH RD., LoxDox,W.

And of all Musicaellers.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
RING UP

TELEPHONE No. 355 Y.

PRINTING.

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

JOHN WILKER & CO., PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. LITHOGRAPHERS.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVOICES. Ruled or Plain, printed to any toze or pattern on blue, white, or fancy paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

CIRCLARS in thii tmtest stylo, from modern type, and of the beet workmanship.

PROGRAMMES for Entertnintnent, Concerts ac.. In the latest artistic style.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPIION BOORS Ptfuted, Bound, Numbered and Perforated' to order.

HANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Song. Festivala, &o.

CATALOGUES fur Public •ind Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

PRIM?, LIU'S Printed on card or paper 11lus trated, It required.

JOHN WALKER & Co,

CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SHEETS NOTICES OF MEETINGS POSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES POST CARDS

===== 0002601_19070907_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET FIXTURES.

EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTIN

AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHEDULES AND CATALOGUES. CONCFUT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES, INVOICES, PRICE LISTS,I , CIRCULARS, PAMPHLETS, TrmE BOOKS, Mrin WORK, CATALOGUES, CLUB RULES, PROGRAMMES, BALANCE SHEETS,

w

EXINNITED AT SNORT NOTICES.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS.

Attention is Invited to our ?Jiff FOUNTS OF TYPN

and WOOD LBTTBR for Large Posters.

FOR ALL KINDS OF BRAT POSTERS RXTRA LABOR SIZB.

40 x 60 One Sheet. WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS IN THE DISTRICT.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING' ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FON PAPER RULING.

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

JOHN WALKER AND eo "EXAMINER" OFFICE.

BEwsr.r STREET, WARRINGTON,

===== 0002601_19070907_art0127.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070907_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
~

===== 0002601_19070907_art0129.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
---

===== 0002601_19070907_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. „Authors of letters intended for publication must in au eases send their names and addresses to the Editor as ,a guarantee of good faith. L'lutter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paper and sent in, if possible,not ater than Thursday.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
Betting at Sports.

Sir,—l am very pleased to hear that there are some people in this town of the same opinion as myself, for I am now alluding to the letter from one of your correspondents about betting at sports. I think it is a downright shame that betting should be carried on at the Sports, for surely we have enough misery, as I call it,when the news-boys are shouting out the first winners. I think this town and many others would be a great deal brighter if betting was stopped altogether, but this I think would be impossible. I know of many a case wheat) money has been lost after trying again and again to win, but never succeeding. One case especially,where it has been going on for months upon months, and now it Is too late to check remain, yours truly, "ONE WHO KNOWS."

===== 0002601_19070907_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
Drunkenness in Warrington.

Sir,—Your article in the issue of Saturday must, I feel sure, appeal to all who have the cause of Temper- ance and the welfare of our fellow-townspeople at heart. Whether this appealing blight is on the increase is somewhat difficult to ascertain. For to go to the annual statistics relating to the arrests and convictions for drunkenness would be practically useless. For every one arrestel scores, yes hundreds, go scot free. We cannot blame the hot weather, so we may therefore assume that the people are extending their sympathies in a practical manner towards "The Allied Brewery Traders' Association of Great Britain," whose alarming poster now occupies such a conspicuous position in our local hostelries. The "threatened Licensing Legisla- tion" (say they) "means robbery and confiscation," while Guinesses, by the way, are now paying 25 per cent. "Thousands will be out of employ- ment," and "thousands, of course, will starve." I y, I wonder, didn't they say millions? If the £167,000,000 spent annually on drink was turned into other industrial channels, unemployment would cease, and starvation would be for ever blotted out of the pages of our history. They say "millions of , capital would be lost." Not lost but gone before. They pleadingly ask the public in big bold black letters to "Awake." This I thank God they are undoubtedly doing and the "Allied Brewery Traders" can do no other than admit however painfully, that is owing to the trend of public opinion that they find themselves in such a perilous position. Unfortunately they have a peculiar knack of crying out before they are hurt. Perhaps they have just realized the secure position in which the 190 i Act placed them. You refer to the scenes which confront us on a Sunday night most assuredly in this, the town of War- rington bears a terrible record. It is possible to stand on a certain street corner from 10 to 10.15 on a Sunday evening and count from 100 to 150 people of both sexes, young and old, under the influence of drink. Their breath is a sickening stench and their language too filthy to describe. The majority of townspeople make a practice of trying to get home before the pubs close" and are, therefore, probably i4norant of the terrible drink drama which is enacted in a so-called Christian country on the day which God has set apart for the spiritual rest of all mankind—public house servants included. We denounce the continental sabbath but allow a state of things to exist in our own land which would justly call forth a bitter torrent of scathing criticism from " our brethren over the channel." It seems hard to believe that four little children each under four years of age can be turned out for the day by their parents in Beautiful Warrington on a Sunday morning with faces caked with filth,rags for clothing and in a famished condition. They are found the same evening in the Queen's Gardens partaking of the sole meals of the day which consists of Banana skins picked up off the streets. Towering in the air above ft the noble statute to the brave men who sacrificed their lives for their King and country in South Africa below is the ghastly scene of pure young lives being shamefully sacrificed for a pint of beer. Surely the "Cry of the Children " finds an echo in Warrington, When, I ask, shall that echo have the response it demands? When can we say "The Church's one foundation is not the beer barrel' and our laymen cease to say" Amen" to the diatribes of the drink trade promoters. It is as a running sore on the body politic, a check on the polif:e, a blight to trade and commercial enterprise, and a standing menace to Christianity. Will every man rise up and shake off the fetters which bind him to a trade against which the whole instincts of humanity cry out.—l am,yours Moore, sth September, 1907.

J. R. GRIFFITHS.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDING.

Bowman—Smith.

There was a very pretty wedding at Cairo-street Unitarian Church on Tuesday, when Mr. George Bowman, son of Mr. William Bowman, Motherwell, N. 8., was married to Miss Janet May Smith, 'eldest daughter of Mr. Joseph Thomas Smith, 6S, Bewsey- street, Warrington. The bride and bridegroom are well known in the town, Mr. Bowman being fte manager of Messrs. Monks, Hall and Co.'s tube works, and a large congregation assembled to witness the ceremony. The Rev. W. E. Williams was the officiating minister. The bride, who was given away by her father, was charmingly attired in fancy grey silk eolienne trimmed with lace and silk. She wore a white felt hat trimmed with white and heliotrope chrysanthemums and carried a lovely shower bouquet of white roses and white heather. Her ornament was a pearl brooch-pendant, the gift of the bridegroom. The bridesmaid was Miss Mary Smith, sister of the bride, who wore a pretty dress of pale blue eolienne trimmed with lace, and a white felt hat trimmed with pale blue silk. Her shower bouquet was composed of pink carnations and maiden hair fern. Mr. William Taylor discharged the duties of best man. Mr. J. Muir presided at the organ and played appropriate selections including Meadelssohn's Wedding March. After the ceremony the reception was held at the residence of the the bride's parents, and the wedding party was photo- graphed by Mr. T. Birtles. Later in the day the happy couple left for Whitby where the honeymoon is being spent. The bride's travelling dress was a blue costume with hat to match. The following is a list of the presents : Bride to Bridegroom, sot of gold links and studs Bridegroom to Bride, pearl brooch-pendant Mother of Bride, household linen, &c. Father of Bride, mahogany inlaid cabinet Mother and father of Bridegroom, linen chest, &c. Miss Mary Smith, china tea service Miss E. A. Smith and Mr. H. Condliffe, china dinner service Mr. A. Smith, set of bedroom ware Mr. 3. D. Smith, brass curb Master J. T. Smith, fire-irons Master Fred Smith, kitchen tidy Mr. William Taylor, cut glass wines and tumblers and framed water colonr drawings Mr. and Mrs. Tom Irvine, (Motherwell), linen sheets bolsters, and pillow cases (embroidered) Mr. and Mrs. James Bowman,(Motherwell), silver jam soons in case Mr. and Mrs. George Ogilvy, (Motherwell) damask table cloth Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Smith,(Newcastle-on-Tyne) silver salt cellars in case Miss Lizzie Williams, silver hairpin box Mr. and Mrs. A. Kidd, (Liverpool), silver photo frame Mrs. William Forshaw, (Grappenhall), flower epergne Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Boardman, silver spirit kettle The Misses Mitchell, (Manchester), set of oak trays The Misses McGeachin, bronze plant pot Mr. Mrs. and Miss Falshaw, silver jam dishes Mr. Frank Morris, framed water colour drawing "Bit of old Oxford" Mr. Edward Hogg (Motherwell), silver toast rack Mr. and Mrs. John Muskett, copper kettle Mrs. Perrins, table centre Messrs. Giles, Shaw and Co., (Oldham), silver spoons and tongs Mr. Frank Redfern, salad bowl Miss M. D. Hamilton (Motherwell), silver pickle dishes Mr. and Mrs. A. Davies, silver flower epergne Miss Marion Delmage, silver jam dish Mr. and Mrs. George Finch, case of perfume Mr. and Mrs. J. Taylor (Windermere), cream jug and sugar basin Mr. Joseph Smith (Padgate), patent carpet sweeper Miss Alice Taylor (Windermere), half dozen cups and saucers with silver spoons Mr. Torn Bain ( Motherwell), case of silver spoons,etc Mr. T. F. Griffiths, silver cruet Miss Edith Bennett (Liverpool), Duchesse set Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Dixon, mahogany inlaid table Mr. and Mrs. George Mitchell (Manchester), table centre Mr. and Mrs. D. McLean (Woodley), table centre Mr. Scott (Chester), silver serviette rings in case Mr. Halsall Owen, cheque Miss Emily Houghton, embroidered linen tea cloth Mr. and Mrs. W. Murray, silver mounted claret jug Miss Amy Dnmbill (Penketh), embroidered cushion Miss Alice and Mr. Tom Williams, silver jam dish Mr. George H. Smith, silver toast rack Mr. and Mrs. J. Park (Motherwell), silver tea-pot Harriet, cheese dish Employees of Monks, Hall and Co. (tube department), oak bureau bookcase and silver tea and coffee service, with oak tray Monks, Hall and Co.'s Tube Works Office Staff, silver vases and four cut glass decanters Mr. John Thompson (Wolverhampton, box of cigars Mr. and Mrs. T. Anderson (Oldham), silver Mr. and Mrs. Campbell, dessert knives and forks

===== 0002601_19070907_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
BEAUTIFUL WARRINGTON SOCIETY.

Annual Show.

The arrangements for the show were admirable and Beautiful flowers can be grown even in smoky spoke volumes for the energy of the officials. Mr. G. Warrington, and anyone who might have thought H. Smith was a particularly hard working secretary and M otherwise had only to visit the Beautiful Warrington Mr. J. Longland as treasurer gave valuable help. The jaunddgtis were :-General exhibits, Messrs. J. Parkinson Society's second annual show which was held in the outside% and an Woodcock. Drill hall on Saturday to have the delusion dispelled. • Mr. J. Ryan taonnti The display of choice blooms showed what a pride There was a tea room in charge of Mrs. Powys whose many Warringtonians take in their gardens and while catering gave complete satisfaction. the show was not large, the fact that it evidenced al THE AWARDS. considerable advance on last year's was encouraging. The following is a list of the awards :- It was particularly pleasing to learn that the work of i Window Plants.-Geranium : 1, Mrs. Townley ;2, the juvenile section is being taken up with enthusiasm, S. Drinkwater ; 3, H. Harrop. .4'uchsia : 1, Mrs. for the surest way of making Warrington Townley; 2, Mrs. May Brownhill ;3, S. Drinkwater ; beautiful is to instil in the youthful mind a love of !hc, A. Hunstone ; c, George Tomlin. Aspidistra: 1, nature's handiwork. No fewer than 1,350 plants H. Lawrence; 2, S. Drinkwater ; 3, Mrs. Townley. cultivated by school children were submitted to the Fern : 1, Mrs. Townley ; 2, H. Lawrence ; 3, H. judges, and those which secured prizes were on view .H. Harrop. Aralia Siel Marron. Campanula: 1;oldii (castor R. Cook ;2, M. Hatton ; 3oil plant) : at the show. The entries in the outside (garden) i Harrop. Palm : Mrs. Townley. Begonia: 1, H. classes were exceptionally good, numbering fifty, as , Harrop 2, Mrs. Townley ; 3, S. Drinkwater ; c, R. compared with abaut twelve last year. The general ! Cook. Foliage Plant : H. Harrop. Plant in flower : exhibits totalled 120 -an increase on the previous 1, Mrs. Townley ; 2, George Tomlin. exhibition. The hall presented a very bright andl Hanging Basket.-Mrs. Townley. Cut Flowers (four varieties).-1, H. Harrop ; 2, R. picturesque appearance, the flowers and plants being ! Tickle ; 3, J. Jackson. effectively arranged, whilr the magnificent groups (not Plants.-Three geraniums : 1, Peter Cliffe ;2,F. H. for competition)which ornamented the centre of the hall Longshaw. Three fuchsias : 1, Peter Cliffe. Three called forth general admiration. Thanks are due to ferns : 1, Peter Cliffe : 2, F. H. Longshaw. Three the following who lent exhibits :-The Corporation of begonias : Peter Cliffe. Three foliage plants : 1 Warrington, Sir Gilbert and Lady Greenall, Mr. and Peter Cliffs: 2, Charles Plinston. Three flowering Mrs. Lyon, Mr. and Mrs. Long, Mrs. Stanton, Mr. plants: 1, Peter Cliffe ; 2, Charles Plinston. One Henry floherts, Mr. Gordon Roberts, Mr. J. Fairhurst, lilitim Group 3, F. H. Longshaw. Mr. Ryan, Mr. L. Greening, Mr. G. Tandy,Mrs.Massey, of Plants en to all members).-1, P. Cliffs; James Owen; (o 3, A. PHunstone. Mr. E. Slater, Mr. W. Powell, Mr. Albert Broady, Mr. Cut Flowers (open classes).-Six asters : 1. R. F. Broady, Mrs. A. and Mrs. F. Broady, St. Mary's Lunt; 2. F. H. Longshaw ; 3, H. Harrop; hc, R, School, Mr. J. D. Cannel], and Mr. Parsonage. The Tickle. Twelve pansies : 1, G. B. Bolton ; 2, H. Corporation group was exceedingly pretty, consisting Harrop ; 3, F. H. Longshaw ; hc, J. Jackson ; c, G of lilies, balsams, coleus, begonias, gloxinias,maiden- Tomlin. hair fern, and primulas. Its arrangement reflected great credit upon Mr. R. Whitfield, the head gardener. THE OPENING CEREMONY. The show was opaned by Mrs. Lyon, of Appleton Hall, in the presencei of a large gathering. The Rev. Canon Stevenson/(chairman of the Executive Committee) presided, and amongst others present were :- Mrs. Ireland - Blackburn°. Miss Macdonald, the Mayor and Mayoress (Alderman and Mrs. Smethurst), Mrs. Henry Greenall, Mrs. Robert Garnett, Miss Bessie Dutton, the Rev. Father Whittle, Mr. C. E. Parker, Mr. Chas. White and Miss White,Nlrs. Broadbent, Alderman Bennett, Dr. and Mrs. Bowden, Mr. and Mrs. T. E. Gibson, Mr. H. Gibson, Mr. J. T. Lee, Mr. E. J. Hall, Mr. W. Silcock, Mr. J. Ryan, Mr. and Mrs. John Fairhurst, Mr. W. Winatanley, Mrs. Hutchinson, Mr. J. E. Birtles, Mr. B. Farrar, Mr. R. Lunt, Mr. R. Dobson, Mr. Chas. Plinston, Mr. Fawcett, Mr. W. H. Woodcock, Mr. J. Parkinson, Mr. R. Poulton, ecc.

CUT FLOWERS.

Six dahlias: 1, E. W. Whitehouse; 2, Jas. Owen ; 3,T. J. Lee; hc,H. H. Harrop ;c, Peter Cliffe. Twelve violas: 1, James Owen; 2, E. Whitehouse; 3,P. Cliffe ; he, H. Hallard; c. J. Fairhurst. Vase of nine sprays of sweet peas : 1, Chas. Plinstoa : 2, P. CliEfe ; 3, H. Hallard ; hc, J.Fairhurst ; c, James Owen. Six roses : 1, E. W. Whitehouse; 2, E. .T. Hall ; 3, Israel Hampson ; h c, T. J. Lee: c,J. Fairhurst. Collection of four distinct varieties of cut blooms : 1, Israel Harngson ; 2, James Owen: 3. E. W. Whitehouse ; hc, C. Plinston ; c, F. H. Longshaw. School Children's Prizes at the Show.—Geraniums : 1, Ed. Stanton; 2, May Maginu and Fred Peacock ; 3. Clarice Fair and George Morrall ' • h c, May Rhodes and Reginald Colburn ; c, William Smith, Emily Johnson and Thomas Bellis. Fuchsia : 1, J. T. Stringer ; 2, Ed. Roy; 3,J. Bradshaw and Annie Bedford; h c, 'Nelly Malpas ; c, John Bradbury and David Bradshaw. Bouquet of Wild Flowers.-1, Mabel Huelin ; 2, Fred Wickham ; 3, Phyllis Burrows and Frances Ray; 4, Alec Plumpton ; h c, Elsie Whitfieldand Alfred Lee; c, Edith Hinstone. • SCHOOL CHILDREN'S COMPETITION.

The CHAIRMAN said one of the principal objects of the Society was to encourage in the homes of the people the growth of beauty in the shape of plants and flowers. He •was happy to say that the number of entries was considerably larger than last year and he felt sure the visitors would agree that considering the place in which they lived and the disadvantages under which they necessarily laboured the show was a very creditable one indeed. (Applause.) The plants which they saw around them came from the small front gardens, from the small back gardens, from the little cheap greenhouse and the small frame, from the window in which a child had nursed a plant, from the lanes in which the young people had gathered wild flowers and from the schools in which the flowers had been culti- vated. When they considered the surroundings and the difficulties of growing flowers under those conditions, they would feel that the show was very encouraging to lovers of flowers. The Society_ now numbered _ _

; Heath Side (boys).--1, John T. Stringer; 2, W. Pinson ; 3, R. Brown and, H. Makin; h c, T. Eccleston ; c, H. Sudlow. Heath Side (girls).-1, H. Battersby ; 2, M. Flaherty; 3, M. Jackson; h c, Maud Jones and Lily Harrison; c, Maud Poole and Ethel Lloyd. St. Alban's.-1, Stephen O'Hare : 2, May Wickham; 3, John Walsh ; h c, Mary Atherton ; c, W. Flannaghan. St. Mary's, Buttermarket-street (boys).-1, Edward Stanton ; 2, John W. Kelly; 3, A. Gilligan; h c, Thomas Meakin ' • c, Louis Hales and W. Taylor. St. Mary's, Buttermarket-street (girls).-1, Gladys King • 2, Clara King ; 3, M. Challinor ;h c, Mary O'Toole; c, K. Kilburn. Smith-street.-1, Floreuce Woods ; 2, Maggie Whittaker; 3, May Sankey; c, Edith Woods. Church-street.-1, Alfred Taker; 2, W. H. Ball ; Robert Cowley; h c, Albert Gibbs and Charles Shepley ; .c, B. Wainwright and Harold price.

several hundreds of members in the juvenile branch alone, and thanks to the increasing exertions of the teachers the branch was in a very flourishing condition and had contributed its quota of plants to the exhibition. The judges in their report stated that they had visited in all twenty-three depart- ments at the various schools. 1,350 plants were sub- mitted to them against 1,200 last year and they found on the whole a very great improvement in the quality of plants, some of them showing very great attention on the part of the growers. The details of culture which the judges gave last year.in many schools seemed to have been borne in mind, for the plants were better staked, the pots cleaner, and the soil had been better

Fairdeld tower (girlsl.-1, Nellie Malpass ; 2, Sarah Gregory; 3, Ethel Gatley ; h c. Eliza Gatley and A. Malpass ; 0, Mary Wilkins and W. Avis. Fairfield Upper (girls).-1, Kathleen Brown ; 2, Blanche Parsons; 3, Emily Vernon; h c, Gertrude Ashley and Dorothy Cooper; c, Ethel Lightfoot, May Ashley and Maggie Berry. Wycliffe.-1, A. Bedforth ; 2, Maggie Cockin ; 3, Jessie Hughes: h c, William Healey and George Worrall ; c, Alice Smith. St. Ann's.-1, Gladys Warburton ; 2, George Lake ; 3, Ann J. Stevens and Nellie Sollery ; h c, Rita Cunnington ; c, Georgina Garrett and Lizzie Eckersley. Silver-street.-1, Fred Hunt ; 2, J. W. Shadwell ; 3, A. Roden ; h c, Alice Allen; c, F. Grundy and F. Gallop. Hamilton-ftreet (boys).-1, H. Brownllill ; 2, James Corns and Edgar Booth; 3, Thomas Bellis; hc, W. Warburton, H. Meachin and R. Rathmill ; c, Sidney Massey. Hamilton-street (girls).-1, Dorothy Howard; 3, Tilly Crawley, Jessie Holbrook and Zilpal Harrop ; h c, Annie Goodwin and Gladys Backhouse ; c, Lilian Vann and May Cann. Beamont Council (girls).-1, Mabel Fernley and Elizabeth Warburton ; 2, Elizabeth Molyneux ; 3, Lila Shepherd; hc, Mary Archer and Hilda Harrison • c Ivy Wilkinson and Lily Crooks. Beamont Council (boys).-1, Douglas Wilson and R. Colbourne ; 2, E. Daniels and Harry Phillips; 3, Jos?ph Sollery and A. Salesbury ; c, D. Weave. Holy Trinity.-1, Joseph Adams; 2, J. W. Cook; 3, Ethel Massey ; h c, Thomas Peacock; c,William Smith. St. Barnabas'.-1, John Booth; 1 Clarke Fair; 3, Ethel Green ; h c, John Lane; c, W.Head. Sacred Heart.-1, William Smith ; 2, Lena Weston ; 3, Edward Paton; h c, John Dorrian ; c, A. Farrington and A. Houghton. St. James'.-1, John Clarke and Rhoda Grant ; 2, Nellie Lingard ; 3, G. Ciarke ; hc, E. M. Johnson ; c, Robert Cook.

, attended to. There were, however, several points still needing attention, and more particularly would they emphasise the importance of early and correct staking. They trusted the teachers would do all they could to keep the enthusiasm of the children up to the necessary level and they would further suggest to the

committee the desirability of supplying -Plants at a much earlier period, as they thought the plants should be in the possession of the children at least six months before being submitted to the judges. Canon STEVENSON then announced the winners of the

competition for outside exhibits. Continuing, he WI that what was most encouraging to them in the work of the Society was that they had been taught by their experience that it was possible, even in such a town as that in wnich they lived, to do a great deal. It would be a most fatal thing if they were to fold their arms and say that Warrington was not a place in which they could grow flowers. That idea was contradicted by the exhibition which they saw around them, and he hoped they would be encouraged to go forward in their work of beautifying the town. In welcoming Mrs. Lyon, Canon Stevenson gaid they all knew the great interest she took in movements of that kind—in fact in everything which was for the benefit of the good old town of War- rington. (Applause.) Mrs. LYON said it was with great pleasure that she acceded to the kind wish of their secretary that she should open the exhibition. It was as they had heard, the second one of its kind which had been organised by their society and she was sure it must be a very success- ful one, from all she could see of it. Few movements had so entirely enlisted her sympathy as that attempt to help others to the enjoyment of what they might call the more poetic side of life, and it was a great pleasure to try and bring some colour into the lives of those who of necessity must spend their days in rather colourless surroundings. (Applause.) Our dear country, so highly favoured in other respects could not boast of a climate—at any rate, the least said about it this year the better—(laughter)---and at all times our northern regions required all the brightening up we could give them. The Society was helpful in three direction;. First it provided them with something nice to look at —and she was talking not only of that Society but of their kindred society in Stockton Heath. She wondered if people really realised the refreshment it was to tired nerves to have something harmonious and bright for their eyes to rest upon. When she drove into Warrington and passed through those avenues of well-cared-for and well-grown trees and saw those pretty gardens and the houses covered with creepers and decoted with window boxes, glowing with scarlet geraniums and other cheerful flowers, it soothed and rested her indescribably and she was sure it would have the same refreshing effect on other tired people. The work of the Society must in the second place give to many a fresh interest in life. What would life be to most of them without a hobby—and when people took to the gardening hobby they did ride it hard.(Laughter.) Last but not least, what sociability arose from these horticultural tastes ; what comparing of front and back gardens, what advice sought for and given amongst neighbours as to the best way to make things grow— and she had rever known any harm come from garden rivalries. The children also were not forgotten. She had been looking at those beantl- ful plants and she was perfectly astonished with what she saw. it Was very delightful to know how successful the juvenile section was and how the teachers threw themselves so heartily into the work. God bad given us a very beautiful world and it was our place to try and keep it so, as far as might be. When they reflected on the charm and historic interest of old Warrington with its then silvery river, witl its nice old black and white houses leading up to its old church, it did seem worth while to try and make it as nice as they possibly could in these altered circumstances. (Applause.) Therefore she felt emboldened to ask for more subscribers to the funds of the Society which oromised—and she believed would achieve its object— to make this dear old town once more beautiful War- I rington. (Applause.) The 111‘mia. in proposing a vote of thanks to Mrs. Lyon, said that during the year the Society had made great strides and he hoped it would continue to pro- gress. He was told that was the grandest display of flowers seen in Warrington for twenty years,so that they bad accomplished something. They were all glad to hear of the success of the children's section, but there was still a necessity of teaching children not to rob gardens, as he knew depredations of that kind went on. Alderman BENNETT seconded, and said the Society, could not have a better chairman and officials. Com- menting upon Mrs. Lyons' admirable speech, the Alder- man said that having an antiquarian bias, he was especi- ally interested in the remarks she bad made with refer- ence to old %%Torrington, and be sighed for a recurrence of those simple old times, which in many ways were more satisfactory than the bustling times in which they now lived. One of the objects of the Society was to try to inspire a love for that simple beauty with which former generations were familiar, and the Society could do a great deal in that direction. (Hear, hear, and ' applause.) The town, after the two years' work of the Society, was still anything but beantiful, and in many places intolerably ugly. They wanted to create in the community a loathing of ugliness which would influence their lives and surroundings. The people would then learn to love the beauties of natnre, the flowers and the trees, and one of the immediate results of their efforts would be a fostering of the love for the benutiful in the people, which would help forward the realization of a dream of "The City Beautiful." (Applause.) The vote was heartily accorded. THE MUSIC. Visitors to the show were afforded a musical treat, an orchestra, under the conductorship of Mr. Tom Baothroyd, submitting an admirable programme of classical and operatic selections. Their interpretations

St. Mary's. St. Mary-street.-1, Agnes Chambers ; 2; R. Bolton ; 3, A. Taylor; h c, D. Taylor and F. Ashurst, c, T. Taylor.

Wash:lane.-1, May Rhodes; 2, Joseph Bridsbaw ; 3, David Bradshaw; hc, James Bradbury and Lilian Fenton ; c, W. H. Edge.

Arpley-street.-1, May Maginn, Lily Fargher, Edward 11,-,y and W. R. Hillier; 2, Eva Brooks, Doris Ford, M. Richardson, Harold Brooks and R. Hewitt, 3, Amy Adams, Marion Twiss, H. Peacock,R. Lawton and Maud Richardson ; he, Bertha Plinston, Doris Elwell, H. Fletcher and F. Dale ; c, Gladys De Levante ; Doris Taylor; Bertha Weir, Ethel Turner, May Magian and H. Fletcher.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
OUTSIDE EXHIBITS.

Continuing, the Canon said he wished to read the report of the judges on outside exhibits. Messrs. Ryan and Woodcock reported as follows :- Latchford Ward.-Class 36 (small front garden) : 1, George Blease ; 2, Peter Cliffe ; 3, H. Harrop ; h c, F. Caldwell ; c, George Daniels. Class 37 (small back garden) : 1, H. Lawrence ; 2, E. F. Rice ; 3, Vanda Taylor. Fairfield Ward.-Class 36 : I,k. H. Yates; 2, Robert Lunt. Class 37 : 1, Alfred Holland; 2, Robert Lunt ; 3, James Anders; h c, George Tomlin; c, W. Hopkins. Howley Ward.-Class 35 (winnow box).-2, F. Lamb' Class 37 : 3, T. Ellison. Orford Ward.-Class 36 : 3, F. Morrall. Class 37 : 3, F. Morrall. Whitecross Ward.-Class : 3,E. Bowers. Class 37 : 1, C. E. Houghton. Town Hall Ward.-Class 35 : 1, E. Chalmers : 2, Mrs. Watkins ; 3, J. Fairhurst. Class 36: 1, W. Whitlow ; 2, A. Hankinson ; 3, T. Flattery. Class 37 : 1, Mrs. Arthur Booth; 2, Mrs. Birchall. St. Austin's Ward.-Class 35 : 1, Mies. Chrimes :2, H. R, Horohin ;3, 0. Broadhurst. Class 36 : 1, Holy Trinity School ; 2, Mrs. Jennings; 3. 0. Broadhqrst. Class 37 : 1, Mrs. Chrimes ; 2, H. Williams. Class 38 (best decorated house) : 2, Mrs. Birchall ; 3, John Parkinson. Class 39 (hest decorated business premises): 1. E. Chalmers; 2, Cabmen's Shelter ; 3, Richard Thompson.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL PRIZES.

Mr. Stringer's Houses.—Front garden : 1, No. 20 Causeway-avenue, Mr. Bennett; 2. No. 6, Causeway- avenue, Harry Lawrence ; h c, No. 8, Causeway-avenue, Herbert Cooper, Back garden : 1, No. 6, Causeway- aveuue, Harry Lawrence ; 2, No. 14, Causeway-avenne, Mr. Robinson ; h c, No. 7, Cam:et-ray-avenue, John Sherlock ; c, No. 225. Wilderspool-causeway. Mr. Parkinson's Houses (Wakefield-stleet).—Front garden : 1, No. 53, Mr. Thomas Henry Hussey: 2, No. 57, Mr. John Eaton ; 3, No. 05, Mrs. Emma Wel3by ; b c, N0..61, Mr. Frank Naylor; c. No. 47, Mr. Noah F. Seymour.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

WARTUNGTONTRURSDAY v. GArtsTos. POLICE.— Pla7ed at Arpley on Thursday, the local men winning in handsome style. Scores :

G A R.STON POLICE. WARRINGToN Ti! CIZSDNY. Husband bP. Taylor 7 W. H. Podmore (not Myal cP. Knight b P out) 51 Taylor McCully bP. Taylor lO J. W. Vells b Spencer 1; Hanson c and b W. H I. H. Foster c Grace

PAinore Spencer run out 1 Sergeant Kni c Grace h Podmore Cann bP. Taylor Nelson not out O'Brien lbw P. Taylor l2 NV. H. Owen c Husband

Newton c I3ennott b b NicCully P. Taylor, . _ _ - 0 J Watn3ough c O'Brien

Jackson b Podmore P. Knight not out .14 Carter b O'Brien 6 Extras _ Total 4l Total

===== 0002601_19070907_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL ATHLETIC SUCCESS.

On Saturday, at the spnrts held at Go'borne in con- nection with the Lancashire County Council, the Earles- town District School were successful in retaining the shield for the second yoar in succession for the number of points gained by the scholars.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0139.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Riga=

===== 0002601_19070907_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examine'', Saturday September 7, 1907. NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

were in the best taste and a need of praise must be accorded to the conductor and members for contributing so much to the enjoyment of the public who attended in such large numbers. ARRANGE NIENTS.

fixtures has been left in the hands of a committee of management, and now before a dab can qualify for the League championship it must play four clubs out- side its own section. In Lancashire there are eleven clubs, against twelve in Yorkshire, so that the minimum number of games which will entitle a Lancashire club to take part in the League champion- ship will be 30, against 3.2 for a Yorkshire club. There is no restriction put upon any of the clubs as to the maximum number of games they can play during the season. The League championship will be decided as before, by percentage of points, and there are still four top positions to strive for. A fter the end of March the four leading clubs will carry on the Leave as a miniature cup competition, exactly on the same lines as those of last year.

At Hull on Thursday, before a large crowd, Hull beat York by 18 points to 6. Wallace, one of the home team, was badly hurt.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

By "()vast."

There should be a fine crowd at Wilderspool this afternoon to witness the opening match of the season with our neighbours from Leigh. A. year ago Warrington drew the opening match on the Leigh ground, and subsequently beat Leigh twice at Wilderspool by 31-18 3nd 15-8. The Cup-holders should have little difficulty in adding another victory to-day. They are usually just a bit too good for the Mather-lane men, though the points have generally to be keenly fought for.

Warrington will be short of the services of useful men like llockenhall and Jenkins to-day. The former is still suffering from an injured leg and Jenkins has not yet returned from the land of the leek. A. strong team has been chosen, however, and as Leigh will also suffer from absentees there should be no doubt of the local men's success.

Warrington's team will be : Tilley, full back; Fish, Isherwood, Taylor and Dickenson, threequarters; Lees and Brooks, half backs ; Boardman, Thomas, Naylor, Belton, Heath and Harmer, forwards.

Leigh will be handicapped owing to the absence from their team of Ellis Clarkson and ' Jimmy " Molyneux. The full back had not, at the time of writing, come to terms with the directors, and in his stead, Dick Higson, who performed meritoriously on several occasions last season, has been selected. Molyneux has hurt his ankle in the practice, and he will be substituted by Oliver Stirrup, a promising half back from Leigh Shamrocks. 'Aitchison, the ex-Salford man, who was expected to turn out for Leigh, has met with an accident whilst following his employment, and will also be an absentee. Leigh's selected team accordingly is: —R. Higson, full back ; W.Smith, Tom Johnson, H. Roscoe, and R. H.Neville, threequarters; S. Whittaker and 0. Stirrup,half backs; P. O'Neil, captain, J. Gallop, J. H. Blackburn, W. Winstanley, T. Shaughessy, and W. Webster, forwards. Reserve, J. O'Neil, forward.

Fish commences his tenth season to-day, and it is worth while pointing out that, notwithstanding a broken arm, he scored more points last season than ever before. There is no doubt about his value to the team when be is in condition. rhope he will have more luck this year than last and give the Club his best services. His scores in each season with the Warrington Club are as follow : ' Goals Tries Pts. 1898-9 1899-1900 1900-1 1901-2 1902-S 1903-4 1904-5 1905-6 1906-7

_ 178 no 746

The "A" team do not begin till next week, when they will be at home to Rochdale Hornets.

The first Lancashire County trial match of the season will be played at Warrington on Wednesday the 25th inst.

The most interesting topic in Northern Union circles just now is the New Zealand visit. Our visitors are on the sea, and still the public h no wiser as to the composition of the team. Mr. Platt, the hon. secretary of the Union, has had no definite information since tha men started on their long journey and like everyone else is anxious to be know- ing who they are.

Some interesting information is, however, to hand from the other Hide, for the "Sporting Chronicle "of Wednesday publishes a long letter from a well-known Rugby football expert, the communication being dated Auckland, Julyl9. One of the mot interesting items is that one of the players will be G. W. Smith, and it is possible he may captain the side. All who saw the All Blacks when they were here before will remember this brilliant threequarter and his wonderful runs. Possibly the greatest game he played was against Scotland, and the last few minutes of that game will long be remembered by those who saw it. .Time was nearly up and Scotland were leading, when Smith got his chance. Down the wing he flew straight for the goal line, beat young Sepular, and turned what looked a certain defeat into a victory. That was his secoad try of the match.

The New Zealand correspondent, who speaks with considerable authority, states that the side will consist if 25 players-13 forwards and 12 backs. He goes on to say : This is the selection at present, having been made only last week, but there is a possibility of two more players being included bafore the team leaves. Three of the forwards at least will be general utility men, capable of occupying any position in the scrummage or rearguard. Nine have donned the New Zealand jersey, and several of these are All Black players. On good authority I have it that the selec- tion committee rejected three of the All Blacks who offered."

The same writer states that the team will be equally as strong as the All Blacks. He persuaded Smith to give his opinions of what will happen, and the crack three-quarter and hurdler writes : "He had a good idea of the calibre of the Northern Union players, and knew personally all the New Zealanders who were going. They. Will meet with the success the All Blabks did,' said Smith. They had suffi ient men to stand the tour. 'I would have liked to have seen the All Blacks play a Northern Union team or teams just to prove the assertion, but the margin of victory would not have been near so great. There is no doubt whatever in my mind that the All Blacks would have met with the same success so far as wins are concerned.' Ttat the Northern Union teams will halie hard nuts to crack I have no doubt, and the measure of their success will be watched with the keenest interest in New Zealand, as the people will forget whether they are professionals or amateurs so long as they do their lx.tst to uphold the honour of the Fern."

Mr. Platt does not expect the letter containing the names of the .visiting players for nearly another fort- night, so that the public will have to possess their souls in patience a little longer. The information given above, however, seems to prove that a repre- sentative side is coming, notwithstanding the barring clauso and signed agreements.

Further information is gradually coming to hand about tne New Zealanders. It seems that they intro- duced the virus of professionalism in Australia while en route for England. Three test matches were played one watched by 50,000 people, and the New Zealanders won all three. Northern Unionists are already looking forward to the time when they will be entertaining professional teams from Australia and South Africa as well as frorn New Zealand.

I, In view of the opening of the season to-day it is as well, perhaps, to con over the new rules. This year the Northern Union Committee have made only one important alteration in the laws of the game. Last 1 year's additions, such as "the reduction of players," " play the ball," and " touch play," have proved bene- ficial to the game, and they have been allowed to remain f,r another season. The working of the I " knock-on "rule does net appear to have given entire ; satisfaction, as it provided players with too much latitude and got them into a slovenly way of fielding . the ball. This the Committee evidently wished to obviate, so they have reverted to the old " knock-on " ' rule, which compels a player to take the ball cleanly and thereby improve the game generally.

-- In another direction, however, there have been many important changes. Two new separate Leagues have been formed, one for the Lancashire clubs and another for the Yorkshire clubs. Briefly, the position is thus :—There will be three Leagues altogether with separAte cups and medals, one for Lancashire, another for Yorkshire, and a General League for all the clubs. In the two first-mentioned, the games will count in the General League only. In addition there will be the competitions for the Lancashire and Yorkshire Senior cups played on the knock-out principle_, and in the latter part of the season the interest will be main- tained by the usual competition for the Northern Union Cup.

The principal alteration has been in the Leagu3 championship. This time all the arrangement o

===== 0002601_19070907_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
Association Football.

The Warrington and District League Ist Division will open its competition to-day, the competing clubs being Warrington Central v. Fairfield ; ~Burtonwood St. Pants v. Rylauds.

Rylands Recreation team will play their opening match in the Manchester Federation at Gorey Lane, Denton being the visiting team.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
Cricket.

Warrington were easily disposed of on Saturday, the victors being Wigan. Warrinzton were all out for 73, whilst Wigan responded with 85 for 9 wickets. The day began with a drizzly rain, and hopes of sport sank to zero. At about one o'clock, however, the weather changed completely, and the game was played under very pleasant conditions.

In the Warrington and District League St. Jame' suffered defeat at the hands of Orford Barracks. They were all dismissed for 121 and the soldiers knocked up 152 for 8 wickets. C. [dolt, for the losers, made the tpp score of the match, placing 43 to his credit. S. M. Jones (Barracks) knocked up 35 in fine style. The result of this encounter places St. James' and Cheshire Lines on equal terms and a match will be played between them to deoide the championship.

On Thursday, September 19th, a match will be played on the Arpley ground between the Guardians and officials of the Warrington Union and the Warrington Club. The Guardians will have the assistance of Frank Harry, of the Lancashire County team. Padgate Schools Baud will be in attendance and play selections of music during the afternoon. The proceeds of the match will be towards providing the annual prizes for the Padgate Industrial School children. Prices :is. at the Pavilion end and 3d. elsewhere.

Warrington Thursday accomplished a smart perform- ance on Thursday afternoon when they entertained Garston Police. The" bobbies " were put out for 41, and Thursday knocked up 129. Podmore made 51 in dashing style (8 fours) and then retired, L. H. Foster and P. Knight adding 25 and 14 respectively to the total.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

The individual merit handicap in connection with tha Works Association has been highly snccessful and the prize distribution at the Bowling Green Inn on Monday evening was a pleasant function. Mr. J. Willett presided over a large gathering and commented upon the sound position of the organization and the admirable way in which the games had been conducted. He afterwards distributed the prizes as follows :--1, R. Clarke (Greening's) ; 2, J. Bradshaw; 3, J. W.lMonks ; 4, W. Randles ; 5, J. W. Evans; 6, J. Wilcocks ; 7, W. Andrews; 8, T. Coombs; 9, J. 11111 ; 10, A. Stringer; 11, H. Daintith; 12, Ted Gleave; 13, R.Bennett ; 14, G.Ball: 15, J. Welsby; 16, A. Charnock ; 17, H. Fairbrother ; 18, J. Wood; 19, W. Woods; 20, J. Gleave; 21, Joe Gleave; 22. G. Shaw; 23, R. Warburton ; 21. %V. Thomason; 25, W. Eyes; 28,T. Timperley; 27, T. Appleby; 28, H. Rush- worth; 29, J.Timmins; 30,E. Tynan; 31, E. Bailey; 32, J. Melborne; 33, F. Miller (Rylands') ; 34, R. Cooper; 35, R. Edgington ; 36, W. Skelhorn ; 37, Ellison; 38, R. , Straw; 39, J. Skelhorn ; 40, H. Taylor; 41, N.Barnes ; 42, H. Wright; 43, J. Bolton; 44, J. Shaw; 45, W. Holloway; 46, A. Middleton; 47, G. Monks; 48, G. Pendlebury; 49, W. Hutchinson; 50, W. Hickin ; 51, J. Coyne; 52, S. Adams; 53, W. Simister.

It is interesting to note that the value of the prizes totalled £27, and cordial thanks were accorded to the donors on the proposition of Mr. G. Ball, seconded by Mr. R. Straw. An enjoyable musical programme was contributed to by Messrs. J. Bolton, Rae, A. Smith, E. Scott, and W. Skelhorn. Mr. A. Smith acted as accom- panist.

The semi-final for the Works Competition will take place to:day, when the following teams will meet : Crosaeld's No. 1 v. Whitecross No. 1; Crosdeld's No. 2 v. Sankey Wire Hills. Mr. G. Holbrook will discharge the duties of referee.

The Cemetery Hotel' Club had no diffl.culty in dis- posing of the Conservative Club, the majority being 85 on the home and home match.

The " smoker " in connection with the bowling main of the Loyal Order of Ancient Shepherds (A.U. War- rington District) will be held in the Conservative Club Assembly Rooms, Sankey-street, on Tuesday, September 10th, at 8 p.m., when Sir Gilbert Greenall,• Bart., will present the" Greenall " Challenge Cup and other prizes.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
GOING TO A WEDGING. Warrington Chauffeur Fined for Reckless Driving.

James Swinton, chauffeur to Mr. li. P. Densham, of Orford House, Warrington, WAS charged at Conway on Monday with drivir.g his car to the danger of the public at Towyn and Llandudno Junction on August 21st. Mr. .lames Marks prosecuted behalf of the police, and Mr. R. S. Chamberlain appeared for the de fence.

Mr. Marks said Dr. Prichard, Mayor of Conway, was being driven on the main road from Llandudno Junction to Tovvyn, and near the point where the Albert-drive joined the main road the coachman saw a car coming from the direction of Llandudno. The motor approached at a great spoed, and when nearing the horse it swerved slightly and the 'mare was struck on its right side, it being wounded, and the shift of the brougham being smashed. At this point the road was 22 feet wide, and there was also the width of the entrance to Albert- driva, making a total width of some 5G feet. John T. Parry, the Mayor's coachman, gave evidence and in cross-examination, denied that his mare was made restive by a train passing on the adjoining rail- way ; she was quite quiet until she thought the motor was. running into her. _

The evide-nce of the coachman was confirmed by two Birmingham men staying at the Tynycoed Convalescent Rome, and by a resident in the district, who were eye- witnesses. One of the witnesses thought that the car after the collision was travelling faster than any car he ever saw travel.

Mr. Chamberlain said his client's version was that the accident was caused entirely by the horse being startled by a train passing it at the same time as the motor car, and that, practically without warning, the animal reared on its hind legs, swerved to the right, and fell with its fore feet on to the car.

The defendant said be approached the doctor's brougham carefully,and at a speed of ten miles an hour. When the animal reared and plunged towards him he threw open the throttle of the engines and the car leaped forward. If he had not done that he believed that either himself or his passengers would have been struck with the horse's roofs.—Cross-examined, defen- dant slid he was driving to Frodsham, and wished to be there by a quarter-past two o'clock. A lady of the party wished to attend a wedding at Frodsham, but it was not very particular. Mr. Chamberlain : You would not have to scorch to get to Frodsham in 31 hours ?—Defendant: Certainly not. In answer to a further question, he admitted that some time ago his car injured a woman near Rhos, but that was due to a breakdown of the gear. A lady from Cork, called for the defence, slid if there had been no engine passing on the railway there would have been no accident.

Mrs. Densham, wife of the owner of the car, said that the car, driven by steam, ran very quietly. As the car and'brougharn met, they were on their correct sides, but the horse in rearing bridged the distance between the vehicles.—ln reply to Mr. Marks, witness said that she wished to get to the wedding, but there was no hurry. They were a little late in starting, but they did not race.

The Justices inspected Mr. Densham's car, and after a consultation the Court convicted the defendant of driving in a manner dangerous to the public, and fined him -£lO. With the costs and expenses the total came to £l6, which Mr. Densham paid.

Services for Sunday. Bold-street Wesleyan Church : Morning, 10.30, Rev E. J. Smith '; evening, 6.30, Rev. E. J. Gawne. Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church : Morning, 10.30, Mr. William Hickman ; evening, 6.30, Rev. Sidney Pitt. • • Baptist Church, Golborne-street : Morning, 10.30 and evening, 6.30, Dr. J. Louis Fenn (Liverpool). The Rev. J. F. Matthews will preach every Wednesday evening.

Baptist Church,Latchford : Morning 10.30 and even- ing 6.30, F. Matthews. Morning subject, "On the flood tide"; evening subject, "The sensationalism of the GOI pel. _

Wycliffe' Church, Bewsey-street : Morning at 10.30 and evening at 6..30, Rev. J. Yonge, Evening Subject : " Robert Morrison D.D., Pioneer of Protestant Chris- tian Missions in China, who landed in Canton one .hundred years ago."

===== 0002601_19070907_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

"The Walls of Jericho."

An exceptional treat has been provided for Warring- ton playgoers this week in the visit of Mr. Arthur Bouchier's Company with "The Walls of Jericho "—the powerful play written by Mr. Alfred Sutro as an expose of the "Smart Set." Our columns last week described the play, but we might just add here that it centres round Jack Frobisher, a Queensland millionaire and his pretty wife, Lady Alethea, daughter of the Marquis of Steventon and a leading member of the Smart Set which is devoted to bridge, scandal, cigarettes and an easy morality. For a time, Frobisher endures the misery of his wife's repeated absences from home, her neglect of their child, and her flippant 1 treatment of his remonstrances against her flirtations ' with Harry Dallas, a typical beau. Then the man in him comes to the front, as it always did in a Queensland crisis, and in a fierce and bitter speech he denounces. his wife's loose set to her face and tells her this mode of life must end. Being a spirited woman she resents the fierce invective which Frobisher pours upon her in his passion, and the wreck of two lives at least is imminent. Finally, Lady Alethea's better nature triumphs over her pride and the concluding scene is a happy one. We need hardly say that the play is most powerfully written and abounds in epigrams and smart sayings which tickle the palate of an audience. The company is an exceedingly strong one, and presents Mr. Sntro's masterpiece in capital style. Mr. Wilfred E. Payne, as Jack Frobisher, is magnificent, and his acting reveals fine dramatic power in Act 3. when he opens the vials of his wrath in the famous invective against the Smart Set. Lady Alethea, in the person of Miss Dora Hole, is piquant and charming throughout, while Miss Elsie Ross' as her sister the Lady Lucy, compels our admira- tion by her naturalness and vivacity. Miss Margaret Murray (the Frobishers' good angel), Miss Margaret Nvbloc. Miss Wynne Hanley, and Miss Sybil Brooke, all. leading ladies of the Smart Set, fill their parts artistically. Mr. Spencer Geach, as Hankey Bannister, and Mr. Kingsford Pearce as the haughty but impecunious Marquis, both give clever renderings of rather difficult parts. Mr. Charles Fancourt, as the polished debonair " villain " prepared to trifle with Lady Alethea's affections, has not an enviable role but he acquits himself in a manner which betokens the skilled actor. In fact we might go through the cast seriatim and distribute praise al / ib with full justice, but instead we would advise our readers—those who have not already helped to throng the house—to visit the R)yal Court Theatre to-night and witness the concluding perform- ance of "The Walls of Jericho "—as spicy and as clever a play as has yet been billed in the town. • NEXT WEEK'S PI.ZOGRInME.

Next week Mr. Frank Bertram and Company will pay a welcome return visit in the domestic drama " The Convicts Daughter." The play is now in its fifth year of tour and is immensely popular. Mr. Frank Bertram again appears in the leading role of Michael Graham, the tramp, which he has now played over 2,000 timer In the third act a sensational scene is witnessed, the convict jumping on to a moving train and escaping from prison. There is a wealth of beautiful scenery and effects and the performances should attract crowded audiences.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE GARDEN FETE. Successful Function.

The pretty Vicarage grounds at Padgate, at present bright with choice blooms, were on Thursday afternoon the scene of the annual garden f6te in connection with Christ Church. The weather favoured the event, for although about the opening time the outlook was unpromising, the threatening clouds dispersed, and for the rest of the afternoon there was pleasant sunshine. As a consequence there was a constant stream of visitors who spent an enjoyable time amid ideal sur- roundings. Admirable arrangements had been made,the ladies throwing themselves into the work with such energy as to cause one of the churchwardens in his remarks at the opening ceremony to exhort the male kind to emulate their example. In several marquees there were stalls on which all kinds of useful and fancy wares were temptingly displayed. The stall-holders were :

FANCY STALL : Mrs. Pollock-Hill, Mrs. Gorton, Nlrs. Blackwell, Mrs. Royston, Mrs. Haddock, Miss Bond.

CHINA. STILL : Mrs. Buckton. Rumm AGE STALL : Mrs. Young, Mrs. Knowles,Mrs. Turner, Miss Woods, Miss Brimelow.

REFRESHMENT STALL: Miss Jackson assisted by Mrs. Denham, Mrs. Pinnington, Mrs. Osborne, Mrs. Kerfoot, Mrs. Pendlebury, Miss Houghton, Miss Royston, Miss Birchall. _

tOY : Miss D. Denham and Aliss Mary Kerfoot. FIsH POND: Miss Ross.

An interesting feature was the horticultural show and although the entries were small, some creditable specimens were submitted. The awards were as fol- lows :—Table decorations: 1, Miss Hankinson ; 2, Mrs. Haddock ; 3, Miss Minshull. Garden flowers (girls) : 1, May Roberts ; 2, Lucy Hatton. Garden flowers (boys) : 1, Edward Whitlow ; 2 William S. Powell. Buttonhole: I,May Turner; 2;Ellie Turner. Wild flowers (girls) : 1, Lucy Hatton. Wild flowers (boys) : 1, B- Young; 2, Herbert Higham. Apples: 1, Mr. Kerfoot ; 2, Mr. W. Platt. Potatoes : 1. Mr. A. Clarke; 2, Mr. T. Houghton. Cauliflower: 1, Mr. A. Clarke • 2, Mr. James Webb. Onions : 1, Mr Kerfoot ; 12, Mr. J. Daintith. Celery: 1, Mr. L. Warburton. The table decorations were judged by Mrs Rylands and Mrs. Herbert Hatton, and the other exhibits by Mr. George Mather and Mr. Joseph Bennett. The fête was opened by Mrs. Peter Rylands, of Massey Hall, Thelwall, in the presence of a large gather- ing. The Vicar (Rev. W. Pollock-Hill) presided and cordially welcomed Mrs. Rylands who,notwithstanding the many claims upon her from vatious parts of the district, had so kindly come to open the fête. As a rule the fete was in aid of all kinds of deserving objects in the parish, but, last, year the committee made an exception for a special cause and devoted the whole of the money to one object—namely to the raising of .£OO (they required £lso)towards reducing thE quarterly collections in lieu of pew rents. Those who studied the church balance sheet would see that the church- wardens had to dip into the general fund very largely each year to make up the sum of £4O for pew rents. If they could get suilicient that afternoon ta complete the £l5O they would reduce the pew rents by .£l5 a yelr for ever. That was an object to he striven for with all the exertion possible. He hoped also that they would have a balance to hand over to parochial organisations. In the past they had mide grants to the mothers' meeting, the church house and library, parish magazine, Woolston Sunday school, Niigata school building fund, the churchyard improvement, and the ladies' sewing meeting. The objects claiming support were this manyand varied and therefore he hoped they would raise a large aura. (Applause.) _ _ _ _

Mrs. R_ylands said the objects of the fete must appeal to all. It was most desirable that the income of the living should be permanently fixed and not depend upon fluctuations of pew rents. In addition they needed money for other excellent purposes and she hoped the proceeds would meet all their requirements. It was very essential in raisin., funds for the augmenta- tion of the living that they should do so very soon in order to meet the promised grant and she therefore hoped all would do their bmt to make the fête a great success. (Applause). Mr. George Mather proposed a vote of thanks to Mrs. Rylands, and said there were many calls upon the wardens. One of the first objects which they wished to accomplish was the extensioq and beautifying of the church yard, and the organ also required renovating. Mr. Gorton seconded and the vote was heartily accorded.

Many and varied attractions were provided. The Penketh Tannery Prize Brass Band was in attendance and played capital selections. Punch and Judy enter- tainments were given by Professor Deifra and amused large audiences. The shows were ia charge of Messrs. Osborne, T. Antrobus and Vaughan. A series of competitions aroused great interest, tho gentlemen responsible for the arrangements being Messrs. T. Antrobus, Vaughan, Real iffe, Osborne, Rigbay,Royston, Dunham, Blackwell and Critchley. The winners were —Ladies' washing competition : 1. Mrs. Heath ; 2 Miss Critchley. Gents' washing competition: 1, F. Weston; 2, E. Ratcliffe. Gents' hat trimming competition: 1, M. F. Kite; 2, F. Owen (Earlestovrn). Shooting com- petitions (gentlemen) : 1, H. S. Page; (ladies) : 1, Mrs. Bevan; 2, Mrs. G. Pandlebury. Watch competi- tion : 1, Mrs. Lowe (Risley); 2, Mr. G. H. Short (Padkate) ; 3, Miss Wood (Feirnhead). In the evening the grounds were beautifully illuminated, the work being undertaken by Messrs. Rigbey and W. Burrell. The proceeds of the fête amount3d to over £BO.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR POLICE CASES.

At the Newton Occasional Court on Mond iv William Henry Griffiths was, on the evidence of P.C. Lennie, fined 10s.and costs for having been drunk and disorderly. For a similar offence Arthur Sharpe was fined ss. and costs. Patrick Dowd, collier, Clareme-street, Barles- town, ss. and costs; Henry Hall, Haydock, 2s. 6d. and costs.—On Tuesday, before Mr. T. Ormes, three young men, named John Aspinall, John McDermott and John Broster were charged with sleeping out, and each was sentenced to seven days' imprisonment.

CATHOEJIC YOUNG MEN'S SOCIE A Gymnasium in connection with this Society was opened at its new rooms in Fairclough-street on Thurs- day evening. The President (Ar. Cosgrovo), in opening the room. congratulated the members on the interest they had shown in forming the class, and hoped to see many take adv ultage of it and follow the advice of their instructors, Messrs. J. Muskett and J. Swift. (Applause.) The room has been well fitted up, and a strong cross-country team has b en organized with Mr. J. Slavin, an old cross country runner, as captain.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS.

Latest Quotations. -- BANK RATE 4P/o. SETTLING DAY SEPTEMBER 13TH 1907. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FitIONY NOON. Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day. BRITISEI FUNDS. Consols 2% lOO ...811xd 2./n/. Annuities lOO .90 xd 2p,'. Annuities Nt. War Loan 211% Red 1910 lOO —987! xcl.' Local Loans Stock 1912 Bank of England Stock lOO ...278 India Stock 100 ...98,t ad

- BANKS. Bank of Liverpool Lancashire and Yorkshire lO ...35 London and County 00 -.92 London and Westminster 2O ...501 Manchester and County l7 ...57 Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 ...48 Parrs 20 ...85 Union of London l5l ...35 Union of Manchester ll ..26 Williams Deacons 8 25 MINES. British South Africa (Char; ...... 1 ...24/6 Charter Trust and Agency 1 ...10/3 Cons. Goldffeld of S.A. 1 ...3 East Rand Proprietary 1 ...3a xd Hendersons Johannesburg Consolidated 1 .. 19141 Katfirs Consolidated 1 —l9/0 Oceanas 1 _l5/41 Rand Mines 5/- ...5 Randfonteins Rhodesia Exploration 1 ...24/6 Tanganyika _4l Transvaal Estates HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian 100 ...93 Glasgow & S.-W Pref. Ord 100 ...64 Great Central Deferred 100 -.11 Great Central Preferred IGO ...22 Great Eastern lOO ...66 Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO ...34 Great Western lOO ...118 Lancashire and Yorkshire 100 ...93 London, Brighton & Sonth Coast lOO ...9$ London Chatham and Dover lOO ...11 London and North-Western lOO _1391 id' London and South-Western lOO ...136 Methropolitan lOO ...39 Midland Def. Convd. Ord lOO -.60 id Do. Pref. Convd. Ord. lOO ...63 xd North British lOO ...30 North Eastern Consols lOO ...134 North Staffordshire lOO ...94 South Eastorn lOO ...68 INDUSTRIALS, Ito. Beyer, Peacock & Co. 51% Cum. . Pref. 1 ...17f0 Bleachers Asso. 5i Cum. Pref. 1 ...21 /0 Boy. Ord. (7% Cum.) 1 -.21 /3 Bradford Dyers Ord 1 ...23 /3 id. Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Prof. 1 ...21 /0 British Insulated and Helsby Cables Ord 5 -.7 British Insulated and Helsby Cables 6% Cum. Pref 5 ...6 Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ord. ...5-1 Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. 7% Pref. lO ...171 Buxton Lime Firms lO ...6/ Calico Printers Ordinary 1 ...14/0 Castner Kellner Alkali 1 -.24/9 Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary 1 ...71 Crostiold (J.) & Sons, 5% Cum Pre. Pref. 10 ...101 Crosflelds, 41% Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. lOO ...97 Crosfleld, 4,1% ' A ' Deben lOO ...95 ad English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 ...30/0 Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO —Bl do. do. do. do. B 8 ...61 Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd., Ordl ...27/9 xci Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., 6% Cum. Pref lO ...121 xd 4% Dabs. Red. 100 ...97 xd Hunters the Teamen Ord. 1 ...33/0 Lever Brothers, 5% Cum. Prof. 10 ...11 Lipton Ordinary 1 —2210 Meldram Bros., 51% Prof. 1 ...13/6 Mond Nickel Co., Ltd., Ord. 1 ...59/0 do. do 7% Cum. Praf. 5 ...6 i Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cum Prof. 5 ...4i Nantyglo & Blaina 8,4 Pref. 621 .77 Pearson & Knowles, Ord 5 .51 do. do. 6% Corn. Pref. 5 .61 Public Benefit B )ot 6% Cum. Pref.s ...1! Perrins Ltd. Ord. ' 1 .2/0 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter Ord —33/0 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter 6% Cum. Pref. 4 -.5; Salt Union Ordinary ..18/0 United Alkali Ordinary . 10 —73/6 do. do. 7% Cum. Pref. 10 —ll id do. do. deb. lOO ...110 Vulcan Foundry 1 Wigan Coal & Iron Co., Ltd.... .. 7i. ...7 ' do. do. do. do. do. l6 -.91 Warrington Land & Property Co , Ltd. Ord. 1 ...17/6 do. do. do B Shares Warrington and District Billpost- ing & Advt. Co., Ltd. l7/6 —l7/5 The above list and prices have been compiled by Nie3sra. T. and J. L. Tanstall and Co., Stock and Share Brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, and will be found reliable.

ii I

•

I

Rev. E. C. E. Carleton's Son at Kainsack. The suggestion is made in this month's " Holy- Trinity Magazine" that the amount raised for the- Society for the Propagation of the Gospel by church collections and missionary b3le9 should be specially set apart for the perish of Kamsack' in Saskatchewan, in North-West Canada, where the Vicar's son is engaged in a very interesting sphere of work. In the providence of God, Trinity Church and parish is linked by close ties with the little settle- ment of Kamsack, continues the Magazine article, in a way that may serve to quicken our interest in missionary enterprize, and enable us to realize the character of the church's work in those remote districts and the need there is for giving it our Aupport. The Vicar of Kamsack writes most enthusiastically of his work in his new parish, and of the hearty reception that he has met with from the settlers throughout the district. Their response to his efforts are very cheering and encourag- ing, and they give freely according to their means to. meet the expenses incident to the maintenance of divine worship. They are, however, mo Aly new settlers, and cannot be expected to spare much on the church work that requires 'to be done : hence the for outside assistance. The new missionary has been assiduous in visiting his parishioners, of whom he gives a very satisfactory acc )unt. Many of the settlers have their homesteads in very distant and isolated districts, and the visit of the parson is much appreciated, as it is something to relieve the monotony of their 1 ,nely life. At his 8 a.m service (Holy Com- munion) recently, there were some present who had driven eight miles for the purpose.

===== 0002601_19070907_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
ATTACKED BY A BULL.

- --- A large crowd at Goosntrgh (Lancashire) Agricultural Show on Thursday, were thrown into panic by a hand- some rel bull, which was being led into the judging ring by Thomas Hayhurst, a farmer. The bull suddenly attacked Hayhurst. butted him n in the stomach, andy carrying him forward on its horns, crashed into the fence surrounding the ring. Other farmers rushed to his help, and the brill was blindfolded and led off the field. Hayhurst only sustained minor injuries.

Warrington.—Printed and published by ;MIN WALKER & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Workt-- Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same place, and also It The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road WIDNES: 32, George-street, Sr. HELENS: 3, Market- treet, EARLESTowN; Church-street RUNCORN Sept- 7th 1907

===== 0002601_19070907_art0151.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ . , . . . ,

N

===== 0002601_19070907_art0152.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 > ~ .. ~',

===== 0002601_19070907_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORRow (SUNDAY), SEPTIMB 1917. PREACHER : Ritv. J. YONGB. 10.30 AND 6.30. EvENING SUBJECT : ROBERT MORRISON P.D.. Plone.r of Protestant Christian Missions in China who landed In Canton One Hundred Years ego, September Bth, 1807.

BOLD STREET W ENLEYAN CHURCH. TO-MORROW (Stnyn.sit) fiIiPTICKI3RR BTH. 1907. Mot ning 103'). Rev. R. J. SMITH. Evening 6.30. Rev. E J. GAWNE. All welromo. Hymn Books provided.

BE WS BY ROAD WE'iLEYAN CHURCIT. ARIIINGrON. ON SUNDAY NEXr. SEPTIIMETTR BrlT. 19-)7. Morning 10 30 : R. lA/TWAY! HICKMAN. Evening 630 : Rev. SIDNEY PITT. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

IRA PTIST CH IT LATCHFOR TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) SEPTEMBER 8111, 1907. FREAcHER : JOHN FRANCIS MATrHfovirs. Morning 1.0.30.—" On the tbod tide." Evening 6.0,—" The sensationalism of the Gospel." Offertories.

BA PTTEcr CHURCH, GOL BORN F. STREET TO-MORROW (SCINDAY) SEPTEMBER BTH. PREACHER : DR. J. LOUIS FEN, (LivEEP)oL). Mostruro, 10.45. EVENING, 6.30. Hymn IFlooks provided. Everybody welcome. EVERY WEDNESDAY AVIANING AT S. JOHN FRANCIS MATTHEWS. Heivrni service ! Come I

HILL CLIFFE BAPTIST CHAPEL. AU TUMNAL SERMONS WILL BE PREACHED ON SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER .15TH, 1907, BY THE REV. E. E. LOVELL (oF WHITCHURCH). BERVICER Afternoon, 2.30; Evening, 6.30. ANTHEMS BY THE CHOIR. IN THE MoRNIEG AT 10.45, THERE TILL BE A CHILDRRN'S SERVICE. SPECIAL HYMNS BY `THE CHILDREN. YOU ARE HEARTILY INVITED TO ALL THESE SERVICES. COLLECTIONS WILL BR MADE ON BEHALF OF THE FUNDS.

INDEPENUENT LABOUR PARTY, WARRINGTON. MRRIINGS AT BRIOGR FOOT. SUNDAY, SRPTI7MBRR BTIT, AT 7.0 P.M., omiNothT OR STOTT. MONDkY, SPPTPMBRR 9TO, AT 7.30 P.M., MR. J. HAMpSoN. C. wALRER, Secretary.

ROY COURT WARRINGTON. MONDAY RXT, SUPT. t,lll, ANT) DURING THE WEEK WELCOME RETURN VISIT Or MR. FRANK BRRTRAM AID FT 'IP RCIALLY OW:ANTRIM LONDON C )ISPAITY IN THE PnwFUL DOMIPTTIC DRAMA. "THE CONVICT'S DAUGHTER.' BY Gosmors HOLMES. Times and prices as usual. Seats boolvel at the Theatre from 11 to 1 (I,llv. _ _

_ TEIN, BOROI.IO-ti OICNINA6IOI. WILL RE-OPEN ON MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 9TH FOP THE ENSUING SESSION, WHICH ENDS IN MAY, 1938. LADIES', GENTS', GIRLS AND BOYS' CLASSES. FOR TERMS APPLY TO : MOTTRAM, Director of Exercises.

WHIT 6 CITY, MANCHESTER,— A PARK op FUN. A CITY OE DRLIGHT. OPEN DAILY PROM 12.T0 TO 11.0 P.M. THE FINERT BANDS IN THE WORLD (FREW. MOST GRANDIOSE TL/XIMINATIONR ON EARTH (FRET GREAT AMERMAN CIROC3 (Funs). WATRR PANIONIIME ON THE. tAKE (Vrt BALL ROOM. SKATING RINK. NUMEROUS ATTRACTIONS. ADMISSION SlXPENCH.—(Telephone 4446 Central).

IN AID OF THE FUNDS OF TEM WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY, PARR HALL MONDAY To SATURDAY OM 14TH TO 19ra INCLUSIVE SIX GRAND STAGE PERFORMANCES by permission of Mr. D'Oyly Carte, of Glib,rt and Sullivan'a origin ti opera THE YEOMEN OF THE GUARD OR, THE 3IERRYMAN AND HIS MAID, BY MEMBERS OF THE MUSICAL SOCIETY. FULL CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA NEW COSTUMES AND SCENERY. THE PLAN OF REsREVEO SRATS will he op.ned at ma. R. H. PEARSON'S, BRIDGE ST., OD WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 2nd at 8.30 a.m. Further particulars in future annonnoements.

W ARRINGTON EDUCITION COMMITTKE. BK-OPRNING OF SCHOOLS. DAY SCHOOL OF ATI' : PPLD MASTER: CLABBNOR MAWSoN, On MONDAY, 2ND SEPTRYIBIin, 1907. • CHNTRAL TBOHNIOAL INSTIrITTB : PRINCIPAL : B. S. A. RoBiON, BVFNING SOHOOL OF ART AND RR ANOTI TBOHNIOAL SOROOLS on Monday, 9th t4ept.mber. 1917. Syllaboa and further particulars may be obtained from the Headmasters and Superintendents of the Schools or from Education Offi Sankey Street. J. MOORS idUERAY, M.Sc., 13th August, 1907.

WARRINGTON INFIRMARY EXITNSION. SUBSCRIPTIONS TO DAIS. 2 s. d. Mr. Reny, Roberts Memo. the St. Helene Cable Co., Ltd 25 0 0 Employees of M.sere. J. Melboutne, Ltd. (second contribution) 5 0 0 Collection from Orford Cuurch, per Rev G. VAle Owe- Mr. Firth Lindley Cabmen from shelter, nenr Centr4l Stet 41, 2nd prize on it the Flower ,zhow. Aug. 31 0 5 0 Amount previous y :acknowledged 12,312 4 1 £12,394 18 1 W. PRTHR RYTANDS, Choh mrn (It the lixtension Committee. GE ORM{ DAKIN, Hon. 'lressurer.

IVER )(HA & NORTH WALES REGULAR .11_4 DSJS..Y SAILINGS Prom Prince's Stave (weather &c.. Permitting). Every Day. at 10.45 a.m. by La MARGUERITE for LL NDUD en. BEACIAARIF, BANGOR and MENAI BRIDGE, doe hack 7 p.m. Carnarvon connection, week-days EXTRA SAILINGS. 2 15 p.m. SATuyinsYs 7th and 14th also Motrnsv 9th. Ea-ly Boat on Morrns.va 9th and 16th due Liverpool at 10 15 14,111. Through Bookings from Principal Station. For Fares. &c.. apply Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Co., T. G. Brew. Elec., 40, Chapel- street, Liverpool. Official Guide post free 3d. LANGLAN DS SAII.INGS TO GREENOCK AND IRLAsonw. " PRINOR.q LOUISE " OR OTHER STEAMER. Prom LIVER POOL From GLASGOW (Clarence Pock.) (Berths No. 22-28, North Side) Sat. bept. 7th 9 p.m. Tues. Sept. 10th 2 p.m.*R.3o Tburs.Sent,l?th 1 p.m. Fat. Sept. 1-lth 2 p.m. *8.30 p.m. Tues. Sept. 17th 6 p.m. rituire. Sept. Ith 2 p.m. '9.'o p.m. *Train from Glasgow tCentral) to Greenock (Central.) Bppotat redueed through tickets from Warrington, Widnes &c. Single. Ist Mass and Cabin lie. Bd. ; Single. 3rd Class and Stserave 6s. Return (valid for two months) let Class and Cabin 18s. ; 3rd Class and Cabin. 17s. NoTE.—The shore fares include the railway journey between Greenock and Glasgow (Central). r pedal 14 days Excursion Tickets : Cabin 145., Steerage Es. 3d M. b ANGIAN DS AND SONS, 14, CROR6I STREET, MANCHESTER. 10. RUMFORD PLACE, LIVERPOOL.

MILITARY BAND INSTRUMENT MANUFACTURERS. R. J. WARD & SONS, 10, ST. ANNE ST., LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISHED 1803. REED BAND TNSTRUMENT3 AND FITTINCIS. CONCERTINA BANDS. Brass Band of 12 Fife and Drum Band of 17 £7 17s. Bugle and Drum Band of 9 ESTIMATES FOR ANY NUMBER OF INSTRUMENTS, MUSIC STANDS 1e 9L, 2e. 6c1., 3s. 6. To 15s. REPAIRS BY EXPERIENCED WORKMEN UNDER PI3IONAL SUPERVISION. ACETYLENE BAND LAM P.R. APPLY FOR PARTICULAEN.

NOW IS THR TIM) i TO INS URN. Ce JACKSON HOLMES INSURANCE EXPERT, MARKET-GTE WARRINGTON. Special Hates quoted for Workmen's Compensation, Servants' Insurance, Personal Accident Insurance. Surveys made for Fire Insurance Free of Ch‘rge. Rates quoted from all the offices, tariff and non-tariff. Life Assurance Policies arranged on advantageous terms Telephone 351:x.

A CHOICE CIGAkiNITE. SUDLOW'S SPHOIAL SILK OUT CIGALIHTTHS. Guaranteed Hand-made from Pure Virginian Tobacco Pd. per oz , 2e. 6d. per -lib. box. T. SUDLOW & CO., OIGAR MERCHANTS, 15, WINP7ICK ST., AND 65, BUT2HRMARICHT ST., Pi ARMIN GTON. Tel. 414 Y.

Ad J) fl*S FILY rn N and NAM ILY tiesire .v.l to THANK their friends for their kind sympathy extended to them in their sad bereavement. 5, Liverpool rd , Warrington.

VOICE PRODUCTION, SINGING, PIANOFORTE, THEORY, HARMONY, COMPOSITION. MRE. HUBI-NEWCOMBE lIAB A EW VAC AINCIRq FOR PUPILS IN ANY OF TTIE AW:VE SUM RCN. WHITEFIELD RP., STOCKTON HEATH.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms: I, BANK-STEBET WAJ3RDIGITO2S. TELEPHONE, No. 56. CASH ADVANCED OR GOODS DEPOSITED FOR BALE. New and Second-band Furniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection Invited Furniture. &a.. warehoused,

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON IS 1. PREPARSD to RBORIVit LOANS, either at sia months notice on for a term of years. Applioatton to be made to the BOROUGH TRItssURER, Municipal Offices. Warrington.

BIRKBECK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH H0L801215/, W.(3. 2t PER oBNE INTEREST &Jowea on Deposit Accounts. 2 PER CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Accounts with Checoe All General Banking Business Transacted. ALMANACK, WITH FULL PARTICULARS, POST FREE. C. F. EAVENtsCROFT, SPCRETART

ACCID6NTS OF ALL _KINDS, SICKNESS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY, BURGLARY AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) 21,003,000 CLAIMS PAID £5,000,00J 64, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAN. Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS Warrington ed.r. C. J. HOLMES, Bridge St. Mr. W.H. RlGBEY.Nessoliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latchford St Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-stree t Haydock Mr. J. BILLING!! The Willows Saudbach F. J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per Oz. COVICRLETTE I TAILS OF 'a Plum HAIR FRAMRS, PURE 5/6 Flom 3/6 E.t.oH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LIMOS ST (CAR STATION). LIVBRPOOL.

NEW BRIGHTON.—SCHOU RHAlti AND PARTIRB CATIHIRD FOR BY lIBMINGWAY, BAKBH, VICTORIA ROAD, Rooms and Utensils on Hire; accommodation shout 430 ; oppqette Tower Entrance, Egerton at., New Brighton.

DIbINFROT wiTki SNOWDOL FLUID AND POWDERS MANY ?IMES MORE EFFECTIVE THAN CARBOLIC ACID. To be obtained from all Chemists or the Manufacturers— SNOWDON SONS & CO., LTD., MILLWALL, E.

GENUINE ' 'We ate the authorised EDISOFI RECORDS Wbolesale Selling Agents for REDUCED THOMAS A. EDISON TO IL. PHONOGRAPHS & RECORDS Catalogues and Lists Free. RELIANCE GREAT STORES, 29 8: 31, MANCHESTER ST., LIVERPOOL.

ORDER AT ONCE. FIRST EDITION NEARLY SOLD OUT!

PIERPOINT AND CO., PRIZU MEDAL BAKERY, 125, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. BEST HOUSEHOLD BREAD. SPECIAL VA,LUE IN FLOUR. SELF-RAISING FLOUR. HARD TO BEAT.

THE WARRINGTON FOOTBALL ANNUAL AND SPORTS RECORD

GEDDEs'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST WIER OFFERED TO TER PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCER,I,AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., MD., AND is. BD., EACH WHOLFAIALEL, BY J. GEDOES & SON, LTD, WARRINGTON.

An invaulable publication for all Warrington FOOTBALLERS CRICKETERS RUNNERS CYCLISTS SWIMMERS BOWLERS, ETC. It will contain a short History of the Warrington F.O. first team vtid " ' !team fly urert, Northern Leagoe Saturn', Warrington and District Association League fixtures, local scoring records and tants often asked about, cup-tie chronic!es (Rugby and Associa- tion), swimming, running, and cycling records, the Works Cricket Competition, the addresses of the secretaries of all Warrington football, athletic, an-i sporting clubs, together with PORTRAITS OF MESSES. WARREN, PEMBERTON & ASHTON (the Officials of the Warrington P. 0.), D. ISHER- WOOD (the popular Warrington three-quarter), Mr. lAMBS DODDS (President of the Warrington and District Association League and Donor of the Championship shield), Mr. C. T. 00X (bon, secre- tary of the League), and C. BERRY, the !lora& Warrington Cyclist.' The "WARRINGTON FOOTBALL ANNUAL & SPORTS RECORD" will be an indienenslble ENCYCLOPEDIA OF LOCAL SPOPT. • 10 PAGES FOR IV. NOW ON OALF. AT ALL NEWSAGENTS, AND AT THE "EXAMINER" OFFICE, BEWSEY ST., WARRINGTON.

LEFT-OFF CLOTHING, &c., BOUGHT.—BEST PRICE for parcels forwarded; if not approved Goods Returned, CARRIAGE? 410. Second-hand DRESS SITITS, MILIT,kRY, THEATRICAL. BAND UNIFORMS. LIVERIES, ARMY TENTS,SaIe or fire GENT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRICE. LADIES' EVENING DRESSES. COSTITMES, BLOUSES. GENT'S FUR-LINHO and FROCK 00A.TS. PORTPdANTRAUS, &c., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY 1 ROUSRIIB.S H IRTS. BLUOH ERS.W ELLI NG CONS. CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLIOR CAPES, GORMAN'S. 326, 328, end 340, Deanegate, Manchester. Established 50 Years. Telephone No 4138.

tf MAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIBL BUHR, WARRANTED, POST FREE Es. M., Ss., 49. 6D., AND 6s. SD J. G. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE,ILIVBRPOOL. Mode And Grennd By English Latour.

THOMAS EDISON'S JULY RECORDS IN STOOK. Don't miss VESTA TILLF4'3 "AI.GY." alsO Sterling, Rdison Bell July Records every Title in t-tock. A treat. the Waltz from the " MERRY WIDOW," the rage of England. Full Stock of GRAMOPHONE AND ZONOPHONK RECORDS AT JAKE GR AII A M'S, 76, RENSHAW Si', (Bold St. eqd) AND 271, PARK ROAD, LIVRRPOOL. Tel. 56X Royal. INGERSOL WAI 5.. nqFFtRR. GITARANTRIMPAR 5 YvARa.

L.T S ! MJR.SitS ! ! URSM ! ! ! MALE OR FEMALE, ANY CA9F, ANY DISTANCE, NIGHT OR DAY. LIVERPOOL MALE AND PRMALE NUR9E.3' INSTITUTION, (ESTABLTEIRAD 30 EA.RB). 110 PE HOUBK, HOPfc St, LITERPOOL. Telepbone 2570 Royal. Telegrams •• Nurses." Ltvernoll.

00UNTY BOROUGH OF WAREINGTWA.— TO BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS. The Street Improvement Commitcee of the Council of the County Boro9gh of Warrington is prepared tl receive TENUERS for the PULLING DOWN and ERMOVIWI OLD MATERIALi from the site of the Works lately occupied by Messrs. Malden and the Mersey Bedstead Company. Any further information required may be obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor, Town Hall, at which place tand.rs must be delivered betore 12 o'c oak on Thursday, the 12th day of September. THOS. LONGIVN, Borough Engineer and surveyor. Borough Engineer and Surveyor's Office, September 6th, 1907.

WARRINGTON UNION.—TENDRRS— PRRSONS WILLING to Contract for the supply of any of the undermentioned articles from Michaelmas to Lady Pay next, to be delivered free of expense at the Workhouse or Cottage Homes situated at Padgate at such times and in such quantities Its the Guardians or their officers may require are requested to send in tenders to me on or before Tuesetay. tieptember 17th, 1907. Tenders are required for : Milk for Workhouse (12 months) For 6 months:— Coal and Slack Milk for Schools Clogs Fish and Hoe Shoes and Slippers Groceries and Necessaries Coffins Butcher's Meat, & Officer's Joints Brooms and Brushes Flour and Oatmeal Leather and Shoemakers' Bread for Cottage Homes Necessaries Drapery Tailors Goode Wines and Spirits Separate Tenders must be sent for the Workhouse and Cottage Homes, Bed samples of the article required can be seen at either institution. The fuel to 1,,e supplie4 must be according to the specitila- tion as set forth on the tender forpl and quotations must be made for delivery either to the new siding adjoining the Workhouse or by cart. Forms of tender, and instructions to persons tendering, which must be strictly complied with,or any other inform:oOn may be obtained from the lida.ter of the Workhouse, and the bup.rinte n&nt of the Uottnge Homes respectively, between the hours of 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. The Guardians do not necessarily bind ttemselves to accept the lowest or any tender, By order, JAMBS C. SUTTON, Clerk to the Guardians. Bewsey Chamkers, August, 1907.

%TIMM= 1833. HOS. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, .•EXAMINER " OFFICH, 33 BIARKBT BTRRRT, BARLRSTOWN. FANCY STATIONBRY SUITABLB FOR PRBSBETI3.

if-litToNib uttioiNAti BENEDICT PILLS FOR FBIll ALBS. In a few days correct all irregularities and remove all obstructions; alto cure Anwmla, and cause no injury ; to the married or single are invaluable. By post, under cover, for Is. lid. or 2s. 91 , from G. D. hORTON (late Chief Dispenser from Birmingham Lying in Hospital), Dept. E 5 Aston road, North, Birmingham. Soid over 40 years,SUPPLIBD DIRBOT ONLY. aBLI.)051 FAIL. All Ladies should send for a fee sample of Improved anitary Towel, and interestins booklet post free.

CANADA BY ALLAN LlNB.—Tilm E ACM OF OCEAN 0001F(litT IS ATTAINED IN THE FAST TURBINE STEAMERS. EHORTEEIT AND CRVAPP:ST 1101.1 TR TO ALL PARTS OF CANADA. & WESTERN STATES. SPBBD, Unsurpassed Accommodation Excellent Culane. Details re Work and Wages. SAFETY, Apply A LTA NS, 107, LRADENBALL STRFRT, ane COMFORT 54, PALL MALL LONDON; 19, JAMES TREBT. LIVERPOL, or Local Agents.

FOR MOUE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUSAND!? 010 LADIES HAVii DERIVED GREAT BRNEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON 0 WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anemia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Los. of Appetite,Hystmia,Palpitation of the Heart .Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 914. 11. led.. 2s. 9d.4,, 6d. and 115. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPATION CUBE. A positive Specific for Piles and Constipation, and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- plaint. Bottles 2/9. 4/6. 11/-. by post 3d. extra, 309 PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NGTIING HILL, LONDON, W. (Only address).

Articles of Exceptional Interest. BV SIR WALTER MIEVILLE, K.C.M.G., on EGYPT AS A FIELD FOR INVESTMENT, SIR JOHN F. L. ROLLESTON on "BACK TO THE LAND," and THE HOME RAILWAY CRISIS, By Mr. W. R. LAWSQN, In the SEPTEMBER NUMBER of the FINANCIAL REVIEW OF REVIEWS. 'This Review is always interesting to the General Reader."—Vide Press. TOPICS OF THE MONTH. THE MONTH'S NEW ISSUES. STATISTICAL TABLES OF 5,000 INVESTMENT SECURITIES. Price Is. Annual Subscription Ios. post free. At all Bookstalls, and of the PUBLISHERS. No. 2, Waterloo-place, London, S.W.

FOR REALLY GOOD TAILORING, • WHETHER LADIES OR GENTLEMEN'S, GO TO H. S. PAGE & CO., 74, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. WE STUDY YOUR WANTS AND LAY OURSELVES OU'I TO SUPPLY THEM

ORDER NOW, STYLISH SUITS Eon siummoiß, CRAM, 36, BUTTERM4FAULTIZREET,

Ig6TABLISHED nab. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAHER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prises. Ac. Terms Moderate. REPRODUCTIONS BY 4HOLLYHR OF PICTURES BY WATTS. ROSiIiTTI. and BURNB-JONBSAAUTOTYPE lIIIPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN TDB NATIONAL, TATE AND OTIIHR GALLERIES. 4 CEMICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

DIARRHCEA. During the last half-century everyone travelling in hot climes has made a point of carrying some DR J. COLLIS BROWNE'S . CHLORODYNE, so as to stop immediately an attack of D I ARRHCEA, DYSENTERY OR CHOLERA. Hot weather in the British Isles strikes suddenh , and everyone should tAke a little precaution. Don't wait till you actually need the Chlorodyne but always keep it by you. Avoid disappointment and insist on having DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. IT ACTS LIKE A CHARM. Of all Chemists le. lid., 29. 9d. and 49. 61.

*Nrots. Moo, Etbt *tork Srt.

QHLL or would lend two months for keep, CART HORSE, 1,./ 16 hands, 6 years ; H ernes. Horse. 16 hands, 6 years ; also smart Cob, 15 hands, 5 years. Above would suit con- tractors, farmers. waggonette, van or tradesman, all warranted Bound quiet good workers in all [lames., if sold 21 days' tree trialallowe". Prices £l5 LES ~.--HatssoN, 63, Boswell at, off Lodge lane, Liverpool.

VOZHNIA.—tII sores and skin-diseases quickly cured ; sample free.-51LBTIrr,II, Weadowbank st.,Dumbarton. PIEO-PILO the only sure cure for bleeding plias. Of all chemists, Is. lit per boa.—Pmo Co.. Trafalgar at., Burnley.

ITCHING liedeved.—licaema. Piles, cured. D-. !Sandford's American speclatity. Post Is. bd.—GARLAND. ()Demist, Cannock.

SOOT ki IG, Healing, invigorating. is Pearson's Cough Emulsion. Sample 15 stamps.—PEAßl3o,l'B, Chemists, Brierley Hill.

XTEUHALHI A., Beinows (Darlington), Tic Doloreux .1.11 Powders have cured thousands le. 11. and 2s. 9d. Testimonials tree. HEADACHE AND NEURALGIA. TRY " Zimpo, 'never fails. Price is. Id. —WRAY. Chemist, Lemington on Tyne.

IGGIN,CURII for v*-uraigia, 1-. id. ; never faits.— WIGGINS, Southwark Park rd.. and al. chemists. Take no substitute.

FR".—pe-sons 11l or Ailing should send for the Key to Health. Hundreds Cured. Unclose stamp.—VaLaiva, 19, Cannon et., Manchester.

IONSIIPATION, —H o w A dyer; iver was cured kJ without medicine or expen,e. Fufferen write to-day,— honcer-Annvinn.n. St. Albtio..

1-j'iCZB BSA cured by INeline. Free sample ointment, pills, 1.1 and partlou!are 01 treatment, 2cl.—D. BeuOis CO., 69A. Park rd., Welt Dulwich. b...

-(irnutn egeoLlldd rseicex ipe for rnarvellous B a LHDa lt Restorer° R •Hni)o. failures; 6Pircrer., 1, Olythia Square, Newport, Mon. nnY stamps.— STAB.I6P.-tiul tifi e Rept Female Pills' are sold in boxes. ij Is. 2s. 9d. ; extra 41. 6d. Useful and instructive booklet post tree. —WILKES, Chemists. 11ottiogham. liiillMATNM.—Any one suffering from this planful L complaint should write to idvertiser, will has cured himself. —Address W. H. b., 13, King it., Brighton. VEiretl3. 185 ~—Huirne's • Best Pemate Flits' are cold in 1..:J boxes, ls. ltd. 2s. 9d ; .r‘tra 4i. fici. useful and nstructive booklet post free.—Hui.ms Chemlet;Nott Ingham

QRADWBLL'ei Ointment cures Bunions, Enlarged Jointr, Soft Corns, Tender Feet, Chtibtaina, ao., Is. 2d. ana 2s. 9d. box.—GßAnwsiL,37. Ounce), st.,Cionberwell,London.

BOOKLACT, Id. stamp, on MatrozoPe treatment JL' safe easy accouchement :in :rvellous recuperation of mother, bright healthy children.—Viallozofic Cu, Borth Shields

SPROW., OMR I—Dr. Lund's Ilemeciv. Guaranteed to Ours Anaemia. This advt. and Ts. P.O; 'tear°, full size 2s 91. box tor trial treatment.—lmported by OoLsotr, ()hernia., Wolverhampton.

A TTHNTION.—Why suffer trom FlLliS when " NIBUR ' Pilfcure will core you. Tender Feet imrnediate,v relieved by ' BMW " Footcure. 6a. esch, post free.—Humx, Hastcheap, London. IHRIAIISI Core tor Elsokache. —Ladies' ani Gent.' Binders, ‘..) 2s. 3d , 2s. 6d. Special Offer Gents' socks, six pairs. 6s. 11A.; sample Is. 4d. Best Wools. Home made.— CONFOIa, 9. Grove avenue, Tunbridge Wells.

QTBAWBHRHY RUNNER. The Laaton,MeMahon, British 1.7 Queen, St. Joseph Perpetual ; 3a. 100, post free. Mac-imam, Little Clacton.

DRIV&TH LOANS.-210, repayable the. monthly ; lame amounts in proportion ; distance no object ; forms free P. RUTLAND, 28, Inglis rd., Croydon.

I OANS £lOO and upwards wanted by large Corporations 1.4 and other public bodies at 31 per cent. interest. For full particulars apply ta J. H. ItIARRACLOUGH, Assoc. Accountant, Yeovil.

IMPORTANT.—The PICRTHItRN COUNTIISS fIEVEB- I tilONAltlt CO , LTD. (incorporated 1875), wake Advanftes to persons entitled to property on the death of aged relatives, or otherwise in expectancy, and upon legacies, funds in Chancery, life icterests, and annuities, and purchase those intere=ts for prompt cash.—Satextrox tt KEMP, Secretaries, 22, Lord et., Liverpool.

WIDNES. £5. £7, £lO, £2O. £3O. £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMBN, and all Respect. tie Householders, on their own security, without delay, on our simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. M. COWER, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNIIS, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER : JOHN B. GOODWIN. N.B.—Warrington end Ruworn Applicant may receive Money any Evening at their own Homes.

STRICTLY PRIVATE LOANS, ON A NOTE OF HAND ALONE TI) LADIES AND GENTLEMEN AT A REASONABLE RATE OF INTEREST AND WITHOUT PUBLICITY REPAYMEPTS TO SUIT BORROWERS' CONVENIENCE, MR. J.BARInTT (VANAeintilss), 1. CHRSTER ROAD, WARRINGTON

5 TO ‘5OO. SPROI‘TRIMS FOR TRH HOLIDAYS. IT 15 WORTH YOUR wHILR TO GIVR lUS A TRIAL On RRCRIPT of your Application My MANAriBR will call upon you and Lend you what you require on the follow • trig terms. ... 1/6 weekly L'lo ... 2/6 weekly f 7 2/- „ [l5 ... 3/6 „ 4/6 weekly Larger amounts in proportion. For Prospectus Apply or write to J• ENNINGq, 4, PARKER ST., (SANKEY ST.,) WARRINGTON.

PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL. fe,c' AND UPWARDS adcancPci without delay orwt/ on BORROWERS' OWN SIGNATURE, or on PURDITURR, STOOK, PLANT, Ac. (without removal.) All business personally conducted to assure STRICTEST PRIVACY. Call or write In confidence to actual lender J. B. EuroNl 38, CHURCH STREbI', LIVERPOOL.

COMMODATION, tr) r.II respectab:e and trustworthy persons, on these terms : R 5 Repay £5 12s. 64. £lO ~ 211 is. Od. £l5 .. £l6 7s. 64 E 0 £33 15s. Od. £srl £`oo Call or write to Actual Lender, W. JACKsO N. 26. CORPIRATION ST MANCHINTWP. Tel., 2247.

70 £5,000.—W El I. WHY!! WRY ! ! of.wrl sell, pawn or let your friends know that you are Short of n little ready cash. We have plenty of money, and are willing to lend von part of it at a very low rate of interest and an eney repayment an be arranged rocording to your income. 25 loan .. l/6 weekly 271` loan 5/- weekly £lO loan 3/- weekly £ll loan 10/- weekly larger toms in same nroportion, other terms as mutually agreed upon. Don't Pay 2P3 in the 2 for a month. So don't felt to give us a call or write and convince yourself that our terms cannot too beaten . —APPLY TO WALT RtO R & 00., 31. CAIRO 61`.. WARRINGTON. MSS COTTRRILL. AlArr.sennitaft. N.B.—Read this carefully. what you cannot understand, we will explain; we mean nothing but honest and straight- forward dealings. Letters promptly attended ton,

TBLItaR&MS, "KIINMIL." THLEPHONB 1,746. KEN D AL, MILNE Br, CO., MANCHESTER, SILK DEPARTMENT. A MOST ATTRACTIVE OFFER. REAL JAPANESE EMBROIDERED BLOUSE LENGTHS. EMBROIDERED BY JAPENESE WORKERS SPECIALLY FOR KENDAL, MILNE & CO., AND IMPORTED DIRECT. 13s. Go. AND 15s. 6d. THE BLOUSE LENGTH. KENDAL, MILNE & CO, MANCHESTER.

11Q USN GLEN HOUSB, Bnahmilla. Ireland.--Oomfortable I/ BOARD and LODGINGS at above address; terms moierate.—Apply D ANIEL J4MIESOR, mounted rural postman*

BUXTON.—The Craft. Clifton Silverlands ; BOARD IIRSIDBNUI?, S.W. aspect; few minutes from baths, gardens, &e., terms moderate ; ministerial relerences.—Th,-. Misses CONDER, Miss Courier, Certified Masseuse.

t VISEITOWN, Kirkcudbrightshire. IILLANGOWAN kj HOTHL. lixoellent cuisine. Splendid ro3ms. Post- Lae and Motor accommodation. Moderate terms.

DOUGLA.S.—Dodawnetta's Boarding House.on the Queen's Promenade, facing sea ; liberal table, good cooking pleasant company ; terms 58 64 per day, no extras.—Po turthrir particulars apply to WILLIAM W, DODBwOIII.II, PirOptietOr.

riRICAT YASMOUTFI.—Beach View BOARDING _ RSTABLISNIKEINT. Central. Pine Rea view. Well recommended. Stamp. -78. MARINE PARLDE.

HARROGATR.—liteplanade Private Hotel. 32, Montpellier- parade, near wells and baths; good cuisine; moderate terms.—Mrs. FIELDING.

JJARROGATB.- St. Heliers superior BOARDING RSTABLINHIHEINT. New Wing added. Beet po.ition in Barrogate. Five minutes from Pump Room.

ERSBY, the Gem of the Sea.—STAII HwTH(...—Best .1 known Hotel for Tourists in the Channal Islands. Terms from 6s. Bd. per diem. 'Bus meets all boats.—Address PROPRIETOR.

T ONDON.—Albion Hotel, 145-4,17, GRAY'S INN RD. Bed- -1-1 room and Breakfast, from Is.; light and attendance free.

LANDUDNO. ORKFAILIFFE BOARDING kBTAB- -1,1 LI4IIIIII/iNT, Promenacia,Reareation, Room for Dancing Rte., BRHardt. Moderate.

LANDIJDNO.—GouLnieu's Puma.Te HOTEL.—" Gould- IA lug's have made a new lounge," Goulding's Roo i value give; " Hark," and tell you just how we live—soup, beef, lamb, veal, chicken and fish, pudding and tart, and more if you wish.

LONDOR. W ILD'S TEDIPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO LUDGATR HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON tiQUARB. Moms Coarrospa, °muumuus& AND Qum,: CENTRAL FOB BITRYWEBB OR PLEASURE.

SOUTP FORT. kYRS'S RERTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CH P-STR gr. RSTIVIATIN GlVRrir, CHOIR PARTIEg. PICNIC 9 &C . TENTIMoNILTA PRO" Atmoir EVERY TOWN IN tANCASITIRE. Telephone 0465. THR OLDWIT ItiTARLIcHRD RRSIAUHATI IN TOWN.

Ipartmotts, jrurniqbeb 3Dotises, Brt

A 131RillriiTwYTI1 - -APARTMFMTS ; moderate terms for r; September; close to castle, beach, promenade ; piano. —Mrs. HUGH HonEs, Bociarfor. Sea View Place.

AN TONAL HOLIDAY: 0:IVIPING OUT. N0v.41. Delightful, Sociable. rlomfortable, Inexpenaive. " Camp f,eral4-1." (1t1119.1. frFe.-1,t9i1 partionlare, J. W., CUNNINGHAM, Young blen's Camp, Douglas, 1.0. M.

A PA hTMENTS.—LoveIy cenery, trout fishing ; pony end /3 trap on hire; three mile% from Temple `iowerhy Station. —Mrs. DAvinsoil, Kingmeebnrn, Polt6n, Penrith.

A 11,0 DH.—A YikEITNI iV sitti vie-room two bedrooms, ti bath 7; cycle aecornmorlati,m ; attendance.— Mrs. TOwITEMN, btoneleigh, Arosile.

BARMOUT Mobley', Tal-y-riarreg.—APAIITMHNTS or Board ; uninterrupt-d mountain and sem view ; hot and cold bath. ; terms moderate.

BTSPHA NI. pear tilackpool.—CorntortAble A PARTM NNTS public and private. Near beach. Piano. —Mrs. =Cionv, 5. /leaked:l avenue.

BLkoKennt .—Mr. r ?12, CentrAl Drive. —Homely IRTMBNTi ; piano; tpth ; terms moderatP.—Book Central Station.

BA OK P(lOl..—H om e trona home.—lre. HowHaorn. 6 George etnear !Id% and amujernenti; Wino ; reeom- . to,nd.e.

Dr.A.OKPOOL S.S. AP4RTNTRIVTS, Puhl;e and Private : tea 2s. ; 2 cinema horn Prom.—CAItDIVELT„ 6, Brook- lands Terrace, Se A View.

D 1.4101(P, 01 .—Mr.. MARSTON'S for AP ft 1 M HNTs, 107 Efornhv rd ; 14ed, cnoldriv. attendance, 1!. each peram; board from 4. stamp for reply.

BLVOKPOOL Y HOM 44 AND CAMP, Blspnam Lodge.— Bed Rnd Board 1,0,r1 3e. per day. Prospectus; post free.—Mr. LE,tuvt. JrNre, :-;ecee!ary.

DLAOK "00 L. —A PARTMENTS with or without board. Terms from 55., without h ard 2.. 64. Grand sea view. —J.S. Cox. Prospect 140116 P. 33 Central p.omen,dp.

LACK POOL.— Public and private APAHTMHNTS with or withont toard. Terms in,deree• ?e4 view. Highly recommended.-'is LACY. Manchester House 56 Tyldesley rd, 13LACKPOOL.—Publiq and Private APATITMENT ; charming I‘Fa view ; nyld.rate terms. with or without board; every home Comfort; piano —Mrs. Co6PER. Ashton; Houe, 24, *eilington Terrace, Promenale

CCHUNCH itiTlißT CON. lalop.—Manor warm, Che!midi ; commanding magnificent viwas ; sittlnr-room and three bedrooms, furnish d; little rough shooting could a'so tse h,i,_Avuls Mrs. HU4pflßkyS.

110LWYN M141%11'4, nice room.. rPry corn for, conc.. situation well r,e,irnmended. Write Mrs - Ifortss. Victoria Houle, Conwav Pd." •

1015114`01-ITA lit•H Co• nt-y Al' k tin! ItiNTS.ne,tr V) air brßeing ; fine acenfry; buard options!.--Mies MooRE. Alstonffirirl, A ehbonrne.

(-1011 AGM one doubl.-r...,d,4 room, kitchen an Lack k kilchen ; terms moderate ; grAnd vaside.—JoNkS. Brown's Cottagep, Grosnant near Pvetatvn.

IRTOOIRTH.Nnrth wales. —AP/111'011:N FS for eptember ne4r tea ; splendid sitnntion ; moderate charges.—Miss ILLIV44. The Grer. Fr View.

_ DIiGAN WY (near Ll4ndudno),—Comfortnble APARr. MENTS ; terms morierate.—Mr. WILLILMS. Cornelyn_ Man sane.

Direct from the Tea Garden to the Teapot. LIPTCN'S TEikS. LARGEST SALE IN THE WORLD.

, . ~, .. : ~ _. . ~. ~,,,,,, ' , . ~.,.:; , - -,, r:, .. ~ In Mr. Ernest Roby, of 24, Spekeland Road, Edge Hill, Liverpool, said to a newspaper ~,, 7 (;•??, . reporter : „ About a year ago our little Madeline, who was then only 14 months old, commenced to suffer from little boils in different parts of her body. Vie managed to get rid of these, but so soon as they disappeared sores • ,•••••••.-.., --_-:_.-7--- --t-latti_--tat,.:. broke out on her face. The doctor told us it wet eczema, and prescribed an ointment. ' - ~ ,•• •,,,, ~. This treatment made no impression at all and - • '''',7/, / '. - ' as she got worse we took her to the Children's _ •-, 1 L11..\ ..„ '\_ • . :,/, // / v•.',l .r. ,;,,, --- , ,----- Infirmary. _.-/.-. , ii• ‘, r 'l‘ A ----.7.:,-- ‘ ,-;'---',. ,- P\.\ - - " The infirmary doctor gave us some more - - ---:----- , ' 11' \ s ointment, but the disease got worse, and the poor ' \., .4: 01, \lp , child got in an almost indescribable state. Her . head and face were swollen with the horrible inflamed sores, and 1 had to clipp her hair off. 1 -------' \i\. feared there was no hope of curing the child, ; and so in order to ease her pain and prevent the sores getting worse we made a linen mask which completely covered her face. We then wrapped her hands in soft linen so that she could not scratch herself, but all this did not help her to get batter. "One day a caller, who was horrified at the sight of the child, advised us to try Zam-Buk. He happened to have a little in his pocket, and it seemed to give her some relief, so we gaVe the balm a fair trial. The sores improved as vVe perseVered with the applications of Zam-Buk, and before the third box was finished the child Wets completely cured. The ugly mass of sores had disappeared,and Zam-Buk had given her a beautiful skin fre3h and rosy as I it is noW." of all chemists. or post free from the Zam Buk eo.. 4. Red eross.street. London. E e„ or CE. Pulford Ltd.. Leeds. for I/1i or 2/9 per box (2 9 box contains NERRLY POUR TIMES the I/1i).

FREE !, To get your dainty free sample box of Zam-I3uk send this coupon and Id. stamp to Zam-Buk Co., Greek-street, Leeds. "Warrington Examiner." September 7th. 1907.

_ _ _ , . _ -t • 1: . - M Lir RIIII fit - • . _

BHST PRIDES FOlt OLD F IJIINITURFI, Ant tquee,Yietur e and Violins.—Address J. P., 2, Edison rd., Patrierott (No dealers).

RBMNANT bundles Damask Tablecloth lengths, 6s. earr paid. Bitraordinary bargains.—Di7x2c, Looms Dunfermline.

THO3B contemplating emigration to Canada, write for I valuable information.— PutxrlPst, Ivydena School, Headley. Banta.

HOLIDAY Snapshots developed, printed, enlarged by Bsperts ; price list free.—Hsicsox, Photo Works, Nottingham.

BILLIIKADS, Memos, Business Oards, Club cards, Hand- cards.—MlTCHELL Bnoe., Printer., Wolverbampton. iPquiry solicited.

rilHAVllLLitlie,—Pooketable samples; good commission. 1. State trades canvassel to THoBNTON, Baker et. Olerkenwell, London.

CIAPITAL or fLOTATlON.—Registered new genuine k..) money-making educational venture. —HoivanTs, Hoze- nau, Paignton, Devon.

A LL DBSOIIIPTIONS of LADINS good cast off Clothing 111. cheap. Write for price list.—Bdiss W(..ontroan,Einnville , Carisbrook, Isle of Wight.

MlOl3 Wbolesale Price List of 6CO articles, suitable for 3id .nd 4ad. Bazaars and Ehopkeepers.—Apply SCAM Bazaar Dept., Market. Leeds,

GRANCO APHONB and Records, cost 0, what cash offer? In good condition; loud and clear.—H. MARTIN, London rd.. Raunde, Northants.

VLASTIO STOCKINGS 2s. 61., Leggings 2e. id., Knee- n caps 2e. each ; meaeurement form free.—NEW BRITISH AMMER On Lord et.. Southport.

COMBINATIONS. Ladles' woven. Merino finish, onsbrinkable, pink, natural; 2s. 9d. post free.— Eimarimarr. Draper. Northampton. FFtilit SAMPLES of Empire P.O.P. a new paper giving splendid results; send stamp to J. LAwnENCE, 8, Oltheroe ed,, Clapham Loniun.

SRSD le. ONLY end secure a pals of Ladle.' or Gents 10e. 6d. boots. State size, and lace or bntton.— " NOLIMPII," 100, Colne rd., Burnley.

VLASTIO STOCKINGS. Es. 64.; Knee-Cape, En. Bullpen- Et eery Bandages, le. each from Manufacturer—W. H. MADDOCK, Alfred it. South. Nottingham.

itrIBODAR," Delightful Antiseptic PBELPUHI9. Prevent. I_l infections, Believes Headaches, 10, 6d. and 2s. 9d. Pcstage 3d —CORDER. Chemist, Bunderland.

ENLARGEIMBNTS, from any photo, beautifully finished, 20 x 16, on canvas, 7s. 6d. Samples 3 stamps.— COUNTY PHOTO CO., Chandler's Ford, Hants.

Do ooscs BOUGHT, portraits, engravings. old scrap books, 1) etc., large or small quantities ; distance no object, Call or write.—J. JEFFERY, 115 a. City rd., U.C.

BAZ AAR GOODS (Special), Id. and 80.—Greatest variety and value in the trade.—SA.T.scorr & 's:tern:mutual, Ltd., Plough Anildinas, Gloucester it., Birminahstn.

CI LASS CULLBT, Broken Pale Green Bottle Glass, Plate VT and Sheet Glass Wanted.—FIXCELSIOR GLASS WORKS, Withington it., Broad at,. Pendleton, Manchester.

A NTIQURS Wanted, Old Glass, China, Lace, large variety // for sale; commissions undertaken ; blithest references. --Mice Ins Pavon, 10, New Qoebec at.. London. W.

ENTS' TWERD SUITS, 208., honestly worth 30s kJr Overcoats. lBa. 6d. ; Trousers, ss. 6,1 , ctrriw pati send chest andlea memnre.—SwArw, Knaphlll, Surrey.

V RAYS BOLIPSRI). Yon can see through my lever Watch. Euaranteed. Excellent time-keeper, Postal Order 5e 9d. free.--PHILLIPF, ChauX-de-Itonde, Switzerland.

A DDRESEIHD NOTHPAPHll.—titarnped (own dye) or 11 printed any oolonr, 20 quires, SCO en•rel^pee, 7e. 6d. to 91., oar paid.—PUREIEY, 13, Yr eetbourne square, Paddington.

ALFRED C 0111373 & 00., 23% Strype sr., Mll idesex it. London, .R.O. pays highest prices for any old olothinß (ladies or gents), Parcels sent. P.O. or cheque, remitted same day.

DLU3l.9.—Fresb, hand picked fruit, direct from growers, sent out in nest packager, carriage paid ; speciality ; Egg Plum., 3s. 6d. per 241 b. Full list free.—FRESH FRUIT CO., Bvesharn.

THOUSANDS sold, New Scissors SHARPENED:I, simple 1 and easy 65. will bring one to your door from the inventor.—F. HOvEII, 23 Wandle rd., Croydon, Sturey. (Agents Wanted.)

TROT? IC kSH YOUR INCOME BY TRADING.—Send for IL William Cotton's ss. parcel of Jewellery, Hosiery, Lace, Haberdashery. Overalls. —WEEKDAY Csoss, Nottingham. Established 1838.

pORTHAIT9 from any Photo, on Art Mount alxls Inches ; satisfaction gnrnte&l or money returned ; send photo and P.O. 2s. 6d.—ARTIS7B' AssoerAmsr, 249 i, High Holborn. Tendon.

TrAICHSRMouT.--The Marvellous remover of fronmould, 1 Tea, Coffee, Fruit, and Wine Stains ; non-poironous ; 7il. per stick.—From the " KRIVP " TRADII,G Co., 59 Kempe rd., }Cenral Mee, N.W.

--- -- A STROLOGY.—Horoseope,LifeTvents,Changes,Fortunatp J. Days. Business Sneeess, Matrimony. Two years' future.—Send birth date, le. P. 0., Prof. GouLD, 27, Windsor rd., Newport. Mon.

FOOK To poultry keepers.—itrlnrz nettinz, waterproof, lin. meoh, for enolosing poultry runs, twenty Agnate yards, le. ; cent any width or lengtb.—H. Ifonisaos & Co., Net Works, Rye, Sussex.

lIMRRICK TIPS, 3 winners last week ;Rc experi- I eneed In Limericks, will send for is, P.O. six smart catchy last lines for any one Limerick rnentione-I.—ComPET, 10, Grove Mansions, The Grove, Hammersmith.

-1 On BILL HEADS, Memoe. Rosiness or Visitinq Cards lg. 3d.. post free 50 sheets of Notepaper with your address printed on each sheet. and 50 envelopes for ls. 3d., post free.—DALLis & Co., 39, Perk et., Cambridge,

CIA,MERAS direct from the Mairer.—Half-plate triple kJ extension, turn-t&1, T. and 1. shutter. back symmetrical lenp, 3 D.D. Older, stiff waterproof case, £3 12s. Pd. Money returned if not acteptable.—Jrorf,Pboto Speoialist,Darwen.

DARBEW FRNOING WIRB in -cwt. reels, 2?.4 yard, 7e. per reel ; Plain Gals,nized Wire in 1-wt. bundles, 70 yards, 12'. ner ewt. Wrought Iron Standards, Is. 3d. each.— (W.Dep.,. BUTLER, Bell Works,Wolyerhampton. Beta bibbed 1828.

JJOtTt4RH OLD LINENS, Sample parcels containing tablecloths, traycloth, pair pillow cases, pair hook towels. Ts. 61. and 10s. Ed. carriage paid. Satisfaction guaranteed,—NOßTH BRUME! LINEN Co., 30, Andrew Square, Edinboro'.

HYGIENIC COSTUNIR CLOTH.—Dirent at first cost. 18 lovely shades for autumn ann winter. Wear guaran- teal. Shrunk and unspottable 50 Inches wide Is. 9d. per yard. Send for free patterns.—BAlNEs MANUFkCTURING CO., Dept. 25, Bradford.

E4A WRBK FOR LTFR.—Carefnily prepared book of information, showing how secured by every intelli- gent man or woman with steady self-effort • no uncongenial emrloyment or loss of social position. Bost free, 7d.— FUBLIEWIR, la. Queen et, Rochester. Kent.

fi ALVANIZUD CORRi'GATED SHEATH, all warranted T sound, 3ft#, 94; 4ft., ls. ; sft., Is ; 6ft., Is. 64.; 7ft., Is. 94. ft., 2s. ; 9ft., 2s. 50. ; 10ft., 21. $341. bach ; ridging, 3d. per ft. ; spouting. 344. per ft.—(W. Dep.), Bui..zir, Bell Works, Wolverhampton. Established 1826.

DOT S FROM THE) POTTBRIHR.—" Our Guinea Summer Ii Pmel." 36 Plates, 4 Meat Dishes, 2 Vegetable Dishes, 2 Gravy Boats. Blue Printed Design. Tea Set, China, 21 pieees ; blue, red, or green and gold. Flower Pot. large. Badger Ware for Chnrehea. liestaurants.—TnE TUNBTALL POTTBRY CO., Tunstall, Staffs.

DHAR9ON'B " SOLUTIONS ; final list, Is. 3d. ; without this you are beaten.—DerzrEL, 24, Castle at., Rclinbusgb.

ANHAT SAFES, superior desiun, substantial, roomy, 201. /V/ 32e. 6d.; novelties anel specialities; catalogue free.— PABHER, Automoto Works, Baguley, Alttincham.

PIANO, quite new, fine upright, splendid tone, Marqueterie Inlaid Panels, maker Taylor, London; cost 35 guinea.; will take 14 guineas; a bargain.-89, BZWEIEY 81%, Warrington.

ADDIHIS for all purposes Pole Stem Trestles, Handcarts, 1.1 Barrows and Contractors' Plant; eiindow Olsmners' Telescopic Ladders a speciaIity.—BRACKENBURY & Co., 36, City rd., Manchester. Tel. 6353.

Milli GRAND OLD MAN that was (Gladstone). one of .1. Bngiand's noblest and greatest statesmen; a Bold Medallion of him in massive relief in Antique Bronze; splendid for hall or oorrldor ; a pleasing and lasting memento for sale Sheep.—HowELL, Marple.

ONTARIO. the principal Province of Canada, offers most favourable opportunities to strong young Men and others desirous of engaging In Farm Work. Female Domestics in great demand at high wages. For particulars apply Ormuz° GOVERNMENT AGENCY. 7, James st..Liverunol.

TO F ARMBRS, CuLsitim, Sadler. 3. Copy .1_ Nook, Blackburn, has for quick Sale all kinds of Light and Heavy Harness, also 1,000 sundry lots Bridles, Names, Saddles, Breechings, all parts Harness, Izo. ; 200 Collars, all sizes, from 3s. each; Biding Saddle, 15s. ; New Set Harness. £4 ; Chain Gears, 30e.

RUBBEIR GOODS and every description of Surgical and Domestic Appliances at half usual prices ; valuable Information and illustrated list free; four splendid samples ls.. or ten assorted 2s. 6d. (worth 54).—W. B. DORELN & Co.. Manufacturers. West Norwood. London.

WIRE NAILS (Mixed), Bs. 6d. per cwt, 281bs, 2s. 31.; screws, mixed. 28s. per oat, PBlbs 7s. 6d.; Wire, Cut, Wrought, and Malleable Nails. Taaks, Rivets, etc., etc., wholesale!prices.—MlDLAXD Mai, Won't% 25 to 28, Rea it., Brirningham, C. W. HAYLRS, Proprietor.

MIISH AND CHIP SHOP FITTINGS, or Shope fitted cora- -1 plete and business taught, if you want to make money have a Supper Bar, we hold the largest stook of fittings Bangers. Peelers Cutters. &o. List and particulars free.--, Manaorrs", 71, Paradise it., Liverpool.

rAVENB ! OVBNS ! ! OVHNS I! ! Bakers and Con- fectioners and Pork Butchers, we are in a position to offer you the simplest, cleanest, and most efficient and cheapest Oven on the market to-day. Ask for list and full particolars.—MAßßlTTS% 71, Paradise st., Liverpool.

SIIPERFLUOU HAIR and MOLRS.—Perfected Elec- S trolysis (by Mr Parke's invention) supersedes all other systems in rapidity for permanent destruction. The only method which never disappoints. By appointment only.— Stamped envelope to Mr. ROBERT 1. Pas. 2, Church et.. Hoot h port.

CtilNA GILT SECONDS, is. doz. ; Earthenware Seconds from Bd. doz. ; Dinner, Tea, Toilet Ware, great variety; Chapel, Church, Caterers supplied • hafted ware hotel., school.; 100 doz. seconds sound artices £3, safely packed ; ha wkeis' crates nearly 1,000 articles 38s. 6d. Cheapest In trade. Write for free lists.—Awnrun J. HULL, Normacot Works, Longton, Staffs.

GALVANISLD CORRUGATED RHEETR, all warranted sound; 3ft.. 9cl. ; 41t,, ii.; sft., ss. 3d. ; 6ft. le. 6d. ; 71t., ls 9d. ; Bft., N. ; 9ft., 2s. sd, ; 10ft., Zs. 31. each ; ridging, 3d. per toot; spouting. 311 d. per foot. 139.118 ED FENCING WIRE. In *cwt. reels, 224 yards, 7s. per reel ; plain, galvanised wire, in lowt. bundles, various gauges, 12e. per cwt. ; wrought Wm standards, each.—BUTLER , Bell Works. Wolverhampton. Established 1828.

OMUIR wants to sell Freehold House, Suffolk.—Parliculars Mrs. BARREL 2, York rd., Ipswioh. QUMBIRR HOUBB9 V carriage paid. Full partioulare:- 0 ATRvirwP, 92a, Leighton ,c 1., Kentish Town. ton Non.

MO LET or Bell, sarizet Garden, 10 acres, good house J. near Douglas, Is'e of Man ; Mr. Kelly, Woodfield rd., Cheadle Dulme, Manchester.

HANWELT, W.—Three Freebolel ' Homes to be sold. Dooblt bays, olz rooms, usual office,. Bargain. 5210i0. —P'Quitur. 29, Grove avenue, Manwell, W.

WARBINGTON.—HiceIIent Cottage Property ac Latch- ford ; about £5OO required. —Particulsrs from W. T. RYAN. acciuntant, 33, 11,seley st., Manchester.

EMBRROLD LARD FOR SALF, 10 plots, Clacton, 5 mlnntes from Thorpe-le-9oken Btation.—Particulars ABBOTT. 128. tanadown rd.. Dalston, London, R.B

B) RTNI3 LAND3.—Freehold land, workshops and buildings, nearly 100 yards frontage River Weaver; also large bandsew, table lathe (treble purchase) handcart and iron crab.—Aptilv TOMICINSOV, Tack st., Northwinh•

910 INVIRSTORS.—EquIty of 48 substantially built well. 1 let weeklies. One lot or separatelv. Best situation round Manchestev. Near osrs and qtation, Gross rental £922 7s. Pri,e £2,3oo.—Apply J. SPARROW, Roleston House, Fallowfleld, Misnheser

UR/114110ED LAND sitnate in front or the Pilatine Works, WILDWISPOOL CAUSHIWAY, Warrington and extend- ing from Priorv-street to a distance of 186 rites or there- abouts. To be leased in plots for bnilding pnrposee. For full particulars apply to MESSRS. DIV/FCs &Formisw. Solicitors. Snez•etreet Warrington, or to the Palatine Works, Wilderspool Danseway. Warrington.

urIGLTSP MAN ee,.ke popirfon. Fluent Ezp,nish 'loath UJ American experience.—MonEY, 50, Hunter at., London

A GEINTS T &paired everywhere for FAM 0 119 PIANOS "i enormous nemand ; big proilts.—DOWLEY, Princes Dock, 1-suli.

WANTED An old-fashioned seeond-hand PIANO to snit a beginner.—Addrecs W.J., "Examiner" Office, Warrington.

A GIINT9 wANTßP.—Teeknleal knowledge unneeesiary. CA References required.—Apply 8.L., " Examiner " Warrington.

tITANTED, Plirate Christmas Card A (rents. Splenelin V V sprier. Liberal commission. Popular prices.—WIZKINEoN 8c Co., 245, Bank et., Accrington.

'WANTED, GARDENER, care pony, te.totaller, highest V references ; small place.—Applv stating wages Mrs. FAWKES, Bryntirion. Ellesmere, Shropshire. PRIVA.TEI DETECTP/R9.—lnquirics carefully made any- where. Strictest confidence guaranteed. Estimates free —Address StEinuirruntmEs, South Shields.

A (311MT'1 WANTBD, Private Christmas Cards; good t 1 commission allowed; no risk ;no outlay ; easily earned. Apply. Boa A 5. Coon PnraTING COMPANY, Burnley.

1) lIIVATEI' and' Autograph ' Christmas Cards. Agents 1 wanted. Fplendid Free 9ample Book. High corn- mission.—BLACKßoUßNE ARn9.. Liiget Green. Bradford.

RNUINR MILK ROUND WANTRD ; not particular to 7 prlae ; will give £5 to Anyone introducing a (+AIWAe one, price, mrticulars, etc., to G 203 " EvEmirm NEws" OFFICE. Manchester.

RIVAT CHRISTMAS CARDS.—To typewriters, book- .. H keepers, and others. Agents Wanted. Splendid book. Good commission —Apply CHIPPENDALE & CO., 87 Drill Hall lane. Church. Lane. T AD? (30), with small means. seeks another in same posi- L.A tion (musicP.l). fo, economy and companionship, to share comfortable home, on mutual terms.—M., 100, Reighton rd., Clapton, London.

T GSURAN')II for Tradesmen and Farmers, Agents required I in unrepresented districts by the Traders Insurance Co.; special terms offered ; splendid opportunity for pushing men. —MANloin, 38 Weegate Chambers. Newport.

WANTED,SITUATION as GAHM? NM; (Head Working), age 32. thoroughly experienced In general routine of well-kept establishment : been head 6 years ; excellent testirnonials.-6Losem, Moss Lane, Hightolan, Liverpool.

SPARE-TIME AGENT, each district, to devote few hours weekly taking orders. Large profits easily made, outside regular employment—Write for trade terms and particulars. MEAD CYCLE COMPANY, Agency Dept. 713 Y, Liverpool.

AN exceptional chance of making money is offer eel to those with energy and tact. Representatives wanted every- where, male and female. £ICC to £5lO a year easily made. For particulate send postcard to RNTEBPRISE,' A. Bull and Co , 63. High Holborn. London, W.C.

CARADA.—Now is the time for Harvesters. 21,003 Required. Work guaranteed to expert,nned and inexperienced men. Wages from £3 per month upwar,l9, with bard and lodging. Riffles sailing weeklv.—Appiv MANIToisA AND WESTERN CANADA. LAND Co.. 30, Strand, London.

TINA CKI4IIB ! KN&CKERB 1 ! KNAOKBHS !I I Best possible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle Prompt removal on the shortest notice any distance op to 16 miles—JAmEs TOOLE AND SONS LTD.. Manure Menu- facturers, Longford Works, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole, Longford Works, Telephone 299,

CONSUMPTION Cored by Herbal Treatment Write for Form Tc-Cay. TALBOT, Danehuret, Woociball Spa, Lincoin. ADVIOB ?JIBE.

3 PIANOS ON SALE RETURNED FROM HIRE. PIANO, beautiful Rosewood Case, by Ralph Allison. PIANO, beautifal Walnut Case, by Hilton and Hilton. PIANO, Oak Case, by T. G. Payne. PIANO, beautiful Walnut One, by William Barnes. INTENDING BUYERS BNOIYLD NOT MISS TRF.SE BARGAINS. FULLY WARRANTED BY SELVES AND MAKERS. Norm ADDRPSB : WADS WORTH'S, 59. SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON.

A SOUND Investment h offered to those with small 111. capital, and make provision for old age.—For particulars apply to MUTUAL, 118, Hambrough rd., Southall. PHISMIUM lIONDS.—Safe and popular investment 1 Prizes of £20,C0), "&c, Interesting pamphlet and full particulars post free.—SMITS I Co., Woodhouse. Sheffield.

STOCKB AND SHARNS. Gentleman receiving valuable information from insiders will advise operators. Big rrcfits.—Addrese, SHARES,' 51, Rustlings rd., Sheffield.

SOUND. Five per Cent., Has and Coke Co. Mortgage Debentures for sale. Interest half yearly redeemable at premium, for particulars.—Apply H. ; F. Maitland Park rd., Hampstead, N. W.

B'll,Dl4llB' MIIRCHAN rd.— 'Vanted Partnership or Purcbase outright; good connection in country town.— Full particulars to Box 4832. SHA.BROW t THATCHBR, Holborn Place, London, Vir.C'.

SHARKS FOR SALB.—For Sale, about 293 full-paid £lO Shares In the Whitstable Oyster Fishery Company. Ltd. Dividend declared for year 19-.1, 6 per cent. The purchaser takes the half year's dividend payable in December, 1937. Sale Price £lO 10s. per share. Will be divided in any number.—Apply H. PARLEY, 7, Parade Villas, Herne Bay.

IV:MRS, new from Ei 171. 6d.; carriage pai& fluaran- kj seed. Particulars free.—WATeosr, Post Office, Tuxiord, Notts.

9-SPEIM COVENTRY CYCLE, Sturmey-Archer. magn - o_l fluent machine, 2 Crabbe brakes. Clincher tyres, be ‘uti- fully lined, mudguarts, all accessories : as new ; not even soiled : great bargain ; lowest 26 6s. ; approval willingly.— C. MAJIn, St. Madge, Pitman rd.. Weston-e.uper-Mare. UREIC—CYCLES. 6.5C0 guaranteed machines, new and 1 second-hand, from 255. each; B.S.A. anG Baffles in stock : accessories at half price: 10C-page list free to all : wholesale prices: eye-opener. 53 p.c cheaper than others : agents wanted.-- WARRILOw AND On., Weston-super-Stare.

BICYCLIC—Most marvellous bargain ever off ,red • Magni ficent Gent's high-grade Coventry Cycle, absolutely as new ; tall bearine, free wheel, rim brake, silver-plated rims, pneumatic tyres, net soiled, beautifully enamelled, lined and plated, mud guards and all ace-ssories. Cash urgently wanted, 23 10s., worth double; must be sold at once. Approval before cash sent.—T. HIM iND, 9. Waterloo- it,. weston-super-Mare.

PPPURCEIA G BIN RUSINtisS6t4 can be accommodated with Cipltal at iA.URICE AND Co., 31, Cairo at— Warrington.

DO YOU WANT TO SLL your Business ?—it so,consult N li Mr. CoWDELL, Business Agent, Legh et., Warrington; BUSINBEISIN WANTBD.—AppIy T. COWDELL, 31, Legh it., Warrington. fIYCLE DICALBR'S Business for disposal, main street, V together with the Rep siring Shot) behind; all at valua- tion.—COWD,ELL, Legh at., Warrington. MICH Corner PORK and COOKRD 1111A.T BUSINMS II for disposal (owing to sickness) ; doing a fair trade; cnly wants seeing to sell; price for all £lO. —CownimLL, Legh at., Warrington. MILK DAIRY for DISPOSAL, doing 3 dozen dilly; grand position, shop. Retablished about 3 years ; sp'ePslid chance to work up a good living. Price for every- thing, utensils, dcc ,€ls.—Apply T.CowDELL,Business Agant, 31, Legh at., Warrington. WARRINGTON —High-class CONFROTIONRR'S, Cater- ing, and Home-made Bread Business for disposal,main street; splendid display window, Ap. ; a sure living to the ribt people.—Apply T. COWDELL, Business Agent. 31. Legh at.. Warrington.

LUSH, Chip and Tripe BUiINgW, well fitted; best eon neation in Bootle or Liverpool.—J. WELLS. 94, Knowsley rd., Bootle.

CV? S kW?, old-established Wheelwright's and Blacksmith 61-10 P, near Wierm. In thorourhfare. Almost ren free.—Address P.W., " Bxaminer " Office, Warrington.

IPAIRHAVIN LADIRS' HIGH SOHOOL. Fine position Staff Twenty-one Resident anci Visiting Teachars, 8.A., Has. Doc., &a. Swedish Gymnasium. Hockey and tennis Grounds.—Miel MILLEN.

TiIaTIFINLO COLLEIGS, Bl3PHAlll.—Boarding School for Girls. Pacing sea; bracing air. Thorough educa- tion. Physical Training. Inclusive terms. Paincipals. the Hisses IRELCID.

IpRANKBY HOUSE SCHOOL, HOY LAKE, CHESHlRE.—Principals: Miss OBAPMAN and Miss GREBE. Education on best modern lines. Preparation for Examinations. Resident Foreign Governess. Autumn term begins September 20th.

Mil. gIiNKST Profe:lsor of filmic, Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Oburoh. PIANO, ORGaN. THEORY, FIARMOtiIY. COUNTER- POINT, MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Frizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms :apply 134, LOVELY LCNE and LEGH ST., Warrinaton.

QOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL—A.Ii IDEAL 130/100L FOR BOYS. F(rst-olive education. good tome, and healthy sarroondings. Swimming, Gymnastic.,) Cadet Company. ar.d Rifle Range. Foreign boys received. Usually full. Prospectns Isorn Ilinv cm AL

AN C ESEER titt,ol3.ltitt Sotiut)l4 Pee £4 41. Cd., and £5 ss. Od., per term. The NBXT TERM BEGINS SEPTEMBER 17th. Entrance Rumination, Monday, September 16th, at 9 a,m. Prospectuses and forms of application, etc., may be had at the school. The boarding-house In connection with the school Is situated In Higher Broughton. OWHN W. COX, Receiver.

-vATARRINGToN o RANI MAR S II 00 L v v The NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN 014 THURSDSY, SEPTEMBER 12r1f, IPO7. Mr. Carruthers will be present at th. School to interview parents on Wednesday. September 11th from 11 to 1 and from 3 to 5. NEW PHYSICS and CHEMICAL LABORATORIEF, WORKSFIOP, LECTURE ROOMS, RV% Preparatory Form for boys from s to 12 years of age. Prospectus and School List on application. VEREI B. DAVIES, Law Clerk and Receiver to the Governors.

QTOCKTON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTON HICATH.WARRINGTON (3 minutes from Car Terminus DAY AND BOARDING SCHOOL FOE GIRLS, KINDERGARTEN. PREPARATORY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Large House, extensive grounds and plaving fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses Great successes in Examinations. The next Term will com- mence on Tuesday, September 17th. PROSPEOTU4, References and View, on application to MISS PARTINGTON, PRINCIP&L.

SKERRY'S CORRESPONDENCE CLASSES. TWO IMPORTANT ANNOCNOriMPINTEL ON).--Spen'al Courses (Revision) for Teachers' Cer- tificate and Preliminary Certificate Itxarnfnations of 1907. Fees : 1 guinea per 12 weeks' term. Student° for the 1908 exams. also being enrolled. TWO.—Namer of pupils for the Matriculation examina- tion of the Liverpool and Manchester Universities are now being taken. Fees :-21. guinea., 44 guineas, and 8 guineas respectively for 19, 24 and 48 weeks' tuition. The full course (48 weeks) is equal to a guarantee of success. TRACHERg' OR UNIVIIRSITY PR-)SPECTUS POST FREE FROM THE COLLEGE .t3ECRETARY. ADDRESS :- 5, BOLD STREET, LTVERPOOL.

THE WARRINGTON FOOTBALL ANNUAL AND SPORTS RECORD, FIJL:, OF LOCAL ATHLETIC INFORMATION, RECORDS, AND PORTRAITS NOW ON SALE. AT TIM " EXAMINER " OFFICE AND ALL NEWSAGENTS.

GA RNETT'S NEW DEPARTMENT" to suit all classes. Call and look through the new premises adjoining the old show- rooms SANKEY STREET. GARNETT'S•

It Oramtner trtis THE WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER 1- published every Saturday morning. The princinsil and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketb, Winwick, Padgate, Lymm, &cf., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. THE RUNCORN EXA.MINER, published every Saturday 1 morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to , Advertisers. wiDNRS EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is is rapidly growing centre of industry. THH EA PLLESTO WN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, 1. published every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestovvn, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Haydock. Lowton Ac. The district thus coca:Aged is a most important part of toe Lancashire cal fields rinin ST. HELENS EXAMirs lan, published every 1 Saturday morning ,circulating in St. Helens, Preston Parr, Sutton. Peasley Cross, &c.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID A DVERTISE VENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUIs SALE One Three bix Thirteen Words. Week, Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. ls. 3d. ... Es. Od. ... 3s. 94. 17 ... es. 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 39. 04, ... ss. Od 36 ... is. 04. ... Es. 6d. ... 4s. ed. 6s. CA, 45 ... Is. 3d. 3s. id. 51. 04. 7s. ed. 54 ... Is. 6d. ... 31. 84. 6s, ed. ... les. ed

THE EXAMINER. @EP/UMBER 7tb, 1907.

WARRINGTON RUNCORN AND WIDNES. This made it almost impossible to pay the money he left to go and find work. He had only 13s. to go tions £5O. The expenses of deputation to London to £2,51 13s. 10d. The notification of infectious disease lenders, and after a difference with Messrs. Pilaington BOROUGH FINANCE. cost the borough £42 ss. and bacteriological examine- THE VOICE OF LABOUR , . : away with, and he had been working as a general -- conferences re canteen trading amounted to 28 6s. re : Coming Events. Events. RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. labourer at Barrow, and had been convicted of larceny HOW THE RATEPAYERS' MONEY infantile mortality £2l 9s. Edited by John Workman. The Independent Labour Party will hold a meeting At the fortnightly meeting of this Board held on at Ulverston. He did not intend to dessert his family 1 , Tuesday there were present :-Mr. Thomas Baxter (in in the first place. Mrs. Frodsham said a lady came COST OF SANITARY WORK. Readers of this column are invited to assist in •- at Bridge Foot to-morrow (Sunday) evening, wnen the chair), Messrs. Joseph Spruce Thomas Wright, S. i from Staffordshire to see her, and brought love letters IS SPENT. lln the Sanitary Works Department, the expenses in ' making it interesting and helpful to social workers , y contributing themselves. ' --Councillor Stott will deliver an address, and on Woodward, C. E. Linaker, sen., Peter Booth, A. Haining, . that prisoner had sent her. Frodsham was sent to gaol --connection with Longford Manure Works amounted to o i Monday evening Mr. J. Hampson will be the speaker. C. Roylance, J. Mynekyme, J. Douglas, J. Hallows, J. , os two months with hard labour. Correspondents must write on one side of the paper The autumnal sermons will be preached at Hill Cliffe H. Davies, G. Pilling, J. L. Jones, G. Egerton- 1 CYCLING DOCTOR KILLED. ' £3,489 18s. sd. The intercepting depots cost during the year £929 6s. 10d.; night soil collection department The Borough Treasurer (Mr. John Fairhurst, • F.S.A.A.) has this week issued his annual abstract of £7,428 2s. 7d.; and the scavenging department £3,900 , only, and endeavour to make their letters and be used, but the real name of the writer should be Baptist Church on .Banday, the 15th inst., by the Rev. Warburton, A. H. Talbot, Joseph Stokes, G. F. Ashton 1 the accounts of the Corporation of Warrington for the (clerk), Dr. Adams (medical officer). J. Swinton and W. A MYSTERY CLEARED UP. year ended 31st. March last. Thd volume comprises 15s. Id. Longford depot extensions involved the rate- notes short and to the point. A nom-de-plume may E. E. Lovell, of Whithurch. There will be special Mr. Brighouse, county coroner, opened the inquest at Diggle (surveyors), and W. Farrington (inspector of I 201 pages and gives a mass of interesting information anthems. 1 St. Helens Town Hall, on Saturday, on Dr. A. Gray payers in an expenditure of £431 ss. 3d. forwarded in confidence to the Editor of the column. nuisances). as to how the ratepayers' money is expended. M.S.S. must be addressed to John Workman, The evening School of Art and Branch Technical of Ormskirk-street, who died on Friday morning, THE HIGHWAYS. " Examiner " Office, Warrington and should be Schools will re-open on Monday evening. I from injuries caused by being knocked off his bicycle. THE BALANCE SHEET.-WARRINGTON'S Highway work in Warrington during the year cost sent in not later than Wednesday in each. week. Lady Swimmer's Success. the previous Saturday incorporation-street. £18,696 4s. 7d., the receipts largely for doing work Dr. Twyford, J.P., who was accompanied by Dr. Reid . Ac INDEBTEDN is for other Corporation departments amounting to At the Bootle Swimming club's gala on Wednesday identified deceased as his son-in-law. companying the accounts san aggregate balance £11,060 ss. 91. f statement of the liabilities and assets of the Corpora- the Ladies' handicap (one length) was won by Miss A. William Gregory. Queen-street, apprentice glass tb 31 tMa h 1 Th ll' 1)1" FIRE ENGINE. Baker, of Warrington Ladies' Swimming Club, with cutter, said that at twenty past eight on the Saturday tionon e s !.c ast. e tota la 1 ales are set forth as 5 . _ night he was in company with Walter Barton near theamounting to £1 273,337 13s. Mid. and the The expenses in this dep-irtraent totalled £7lO 3s. 4d. 5 secs, start. Swan Hotel in Corporation-street.. He saw Dr. Gray assets to £1,729,880 s. 2d., thus showing a balance o , ' f firemen's wages absorbing £360 12s. The income, being assets amounting to , proportion of lire expenses, amounted to £152 3s. 51. Manchester Medical Students at the London cooling down from the direction of the theatre. He g £456 549 us. 21d. The balanee the amount paid by insurance companies and others for University. was free-wheeling, with a cigarette in his mouth. sheet show! the liabilities and assets in connection with the following funds :- Another . cyclist, whom witness did not recognise, In the last Intermediate Examination in Medicine, I STREET Dintova \lONr AND LIGHTING. of the University of London, Manchester students took approached from the direction of Parr. The two I The amount paid to the Gas Depirtment for a year's , a very distinguished position. G. Jefferson was cyclists met opposite Mr. Bohan's shop. The unknown lighting of the streets, &c.ea , was £4,877 Bs. 10d. and to "distinguished ' in anatomy, and being bracketed for cyclist was on his wrong side and nearer the off- the Electricity. Department £771 2s. 9d. Purchases of footpath than Dr. Gray. Immediately Dr. Gray passed . land and compensation in Kendrick-street and Man- a scholarship, obtained the highest distinction in the him the cyclist turned sharp over to go to his right chester-road cost £lO5 10s. Expenses to London re subject. H. Platt was " distinguished " both in side, and in doing that the " hind wheel of his cycle street behind Bridge-street amounted to £l2. pharmacology and in physiology, caught the hind wheel of Dr. Gray's cycle," with the On the Street Improvement Loan Account the pnr- LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER result that both were thrown to the ground. Dr. Gray chase of land and property, including costs, compensa- THE CLOCK. BRIDGE-STREET.-Adtv fell with his head on the tram lines. He could not say tion, &c., in Knutsford-road cost £7090, and £750 was what became of the other cyclist, because he devoted Killed by Pulley Collapse, paid for the passage off Rylands-street. - all his attention to Dr. Gray, but when he looked round r A number of employees of Messrs.. Pearson and to get assistance to carry Dr. Gray away he did not BRIDGE-STREET IMPROVE NI ENT. , see him. Work done in connection with this improvement has Knowles, Limited, were engaged in installing some new machinery *at the Hammersmith Distillery on I The Coroner.-You don't know if he is alocal cyclist cost £1,091 18s. 11d., and in addition there is £l5 3s. Thursday morning, and while the sections were being or not ?-No. for valuers' fees. The sum of £630 was received as The Coroner.-Suppose we had this cyclist here, and The of compensation for the George Hotel licence, material the question was put to you as to whether he was to OPEN SPACES. hoisted by pulley the latter collapsed and the crashed down on to the workmen below, inflicting blame in the matter what would you say? serious injuries. - One man, Joshua Thornton, 30, , In connection with the Liverpool-road Recreation Witness.-I could not say that he was or was not to Ground £ll 16s. Bd. was spent on swir?gs, £6 6s. on Greenall-street, Warrington, died soon after admission I blame, because I don't know whether it was necessary cartage, and £62 Os. 7d. on flagging,asphaltmg, &c. The to the hospital from injuries to his head. Two other , ' for him to go away from his right side. expenses on the Orford-lane Recreation Ground were men were seriously injured -viz., E.Barlovr, Warring- ' The Coroner.-You are unable to say whether in con- £22 us. 9d., and on Victoria Park £47 2s. 5d., of which £2l 6s. sd. was for cindering, &c. ton, and Thomas Salt, Winwick Road, Warrington. ' sequence of traffic or some other cause, he had to do what he did ?-No. PUBLIC BENEFIT.-UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST Detective Stavely said that no one seemed to be MUSEUM AND LIBRARY. BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.-Advt. able to identify the man. The expenditure in connection with these institutions Sale of ‘Pigs at Walton. pool, Coroner said he might be someone from Liver- was £1,766 6s. 4d., including £147 10s. 9th on books, Southport, Ormskirk or anywhere else. All he £4l ss. 6d.for replacement of worn books,£73 195.9d.f0r On behalf of Sir Gilbert Greenall a sale was con- I could say was that if that conduct went on they would periodicals, and £33 14s. Bd, for binding. On the ducted at Walton Hall on Thursday of one hundred I have to have distinctive numbers on their cycles, like branch libraries the outlay was £166 ss. Specimens, high-class pedigree pigs, including many winners and motor-cars. mounting, &c., for the museum cost .E 94 10s. 7d. The descendants of winners, and a few choice Kerry cows Addressing the jury, the Coroner said he would never chief item of income was £5B 10s. 7d,, fines paid by and heifers. There was a representative gathering of dream of concluding the inquiry without some further borrowers. effort being made to find the cyclist or time being buyers froth all parts of England. The pigs realised given him so that he might come fo,rward and tell his over 800 guineas and the cows 100 guineas, good story. Dr. Twyford was quite willing for the inquest prices being general. Tbe highest prices realised to be closed, but he would leave it to the jury. The were 20 guineas for the large breed sow Walton I missing cyclist clearly passed on the wrong side, and, Beauty V. and 191 guineas for the large breed sow lin the absence of any explanation to the contrary, was Walton Fairy V. Several Kerry cows fetched 12 (guilty of an illegal not, which brought about the nmineas each. i accident. He thought the cyclist ought to have an False Pretences at Warrington. ; opportunity of explaining. 1 A juryman (Mr. Broadhead) pointed out that there A respectably dressed young woman named P. riscilla I was a terrible amount of traffic at that spot, and at the Driver, a native of Clitheroe, pleaded guilty at the . time of the accident there would be a large number of i Warrington Borough Court yesterday morning, to people going to the Hippodrome, besides a tramcar. It obtaining food and lodgings by false pretences from would perhaps not be right to blame the cyclist until Mrs. Smith, 18, Fletcher-street. The Chief-constable , they know what caused him to go over to the wrong I side. said the prisoner went to the prosecutrix's house on The Coroner said that, strictly speaking, there was no Monday afternoon, saying that she was employed at . right and wrong side of the road, but if the road was Messrs. Dutton's, at a weekly wage of 245. and that : clear the usage was clearly understood. she wanted lodgings. She also made several other 1 John Dolan said hawas called out of the shop by the statements. On Thursday certain information was 1 noise of the collision. He saw Dr. Gray carried away, ' communicated to the police, and she was arrested. ; and the other cyclist remained at the place talking to She then admitted that the statements she made were , some of the crowd which collected until after the I doctor had been carried away. false.-The Mayor (Alderman Smethurst) said that the The jury decided in favour of adjourning the case. prisoner was wanted at Bury and Accrington. -A Since the inquiry the police report that the cyclist conviction was recorded, and she was ordered to be I who is alleged to have knocked Dr. Gray off his bicycle detained in the cells until the arrival of the other I has come forward. The name of the cyclist has been police authorities. I communicated to the coroner, Mr. Brighouse, and it is reported that he gives an apparently satisfactory , CHINA TEA SETS.-Special show of latest art explanation of the affair. This story will be combo- patterns. See windows, J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge- rated by another rider who was in company with the street, Warrington.-Advt. much-discussed cyclist. Both youths belong to St. Labour Bureau. Helens, and they give a fairly clear explanation of the During the week there have been registered forty- whole of the circumstances adding that they waited nine persons, making 1,063 registered during the after the accident until Dr. Gray had been carried away. ' present- year. Nine situations were offered by • employers, and the total number of situations filled ''. through the Bureau was fifteen, and there are now on I the register out of employment 201 persons in the following trades :-General labourers, 21; wire work , labourers, 18; iron work labourers, 15; engine t- drivers and firemen, 11; fitters, 5; carters and van- men, 13; sundry other occupations, 22; youths, 25; i girls, 18' women for chafing and daily work, 53. During the week the demand for women domestics and youths 14-15 kept good, but employment for men remained rather dull, very few being able to report . themselves as having obtained situations. - FOR WILTSHIRE BACON try AsHLres,Sankey-St.-Advt. , Alleged Works Theft. William Sudlow, 52, Dalton-bank, appeared in the dock at the Warrington Borough Court, yesterday, with reference to an alleged theft of two brass dices from Messrs. Rylands Bros. Works. -The Chief Constable said he had been asked by the representa- tive of Messrs. Henry Greenall and Co., solicitors, to apologise for non-attendance, as he had 'been Called to London, and he wished the magistrates to allow the case to be withdrawn. The prisoner had given certain information, which would be of great value to them. -Mr. Steel said the prisoner had given certain infor- mation to the firm and the Chief Constable, and he hoped the magistrates would agree to the course suggested.--The Mayor (Alderman Smethurst) said the magistrates bad decided by a majority of one to allow the case to be withdrawn, Street-Trading after Hours. At the Borough Police Court on Monday, before the Mayor, and other magistrates, 16 youths were charged with trading without a licence or badge. Four of them had not been summoned because they were under 12 years of age, and because it was thought a warning would be sufficient to prevent a repetition of the offence. The twelve boys who had been served . with sommonses were Samuel Dickinscn,l3 •, Micheel Glynn , 12 ; Herbert Jones, 12 ; William Campbell, 12 ; , Thomas Green, 15; William Harrop, 12; John Laff, 13; George Peplow, 14; Arthur Chadwick. 12; John William Makinson, 13; Edward Jones, 13; Patrick McLoughlin, 14. The facts of the case were stated by - P.C. Reddington, front which it appeared that some of the defendants sold newspapers and others matches either in the streets or in public-houses. Some of the lads were also out after the time allowed by law.A.ll the defendants pleaded guilty. The chief constable said there was no excuse for the lads, because if they applied to the Police Office badges mid instructions would he supplied free. These were provided at con- siderable expense to the ratepayers. Over 400 badges were out, but only 70 boys' held licenses. A deputa- tion from' the Newsagents' Society had waited upon him, and the complaint was made that boys selling newspapers were in the habit of standing near their ' shop doors and taking their custom from them. That 'was the more objectionable because the shopkeepers had to pay heavy rates. Therefore the complaint was a reasonable one to make -The Mayor said the I cases were very serious, and the lads would not be , allowed to ,sell newspapers, &c., without a licence. The Bench were determined to put down such trading. Peplow, who did not appear, might have been fined 40s. and costs, or sent to prison or to some other place. Dickenson, Laff and Edward Jones would each be fined Se.; Herbert Jones; Campbell and Green 3s. 6d. each; and the other lads is. each. Bogus Engineer at Warrington. At the Borough Police Court on Tuesday, Arthur I William Talbot, of no settled abode was charged that 1 having been convicted on indictment of a crime -a I previous conviction being then proved against him-he I I unlawfully did,within seven years from the expiration ' , of the last sentence, get his livelihood by dishonest means between August 22nd and 26th. Prisoner pleaded guilty.-The Chief Constable said a charge was rat- ferred against prisoner on Tuesday of obtaining food and lodgings by false pretences. the police asked for an adjournment, in order that inquiries might be made with the result that that morning the charge as above preferred. Prisoner arrived in Warrington on August 22nd. He went to Mrs. Hughes, 16, Thewlis- street. and made a statement to her to the effect that 'he had just left his ship, Scots Laddie, in Liverpool, -and required lodgings for six or eight weeks. He said he was employed as third engineer on the boat, and that the sum of £1.27 was due to him from the 'Board of Trade for wages. Time after time he made numerous excuses and promises to the landlady. The woman became suspicious,and informed Superintendent Monaghan, who went- to the house, arrested him, and charged him with obtaining food and lodgings by false pretences. Priaoner bad a long list of convic- tions against him. He started his career in 1889, when he was sentenced to three months' hard labour at Hastings for stealing money, and had served various terms of imprisonment and penal servitude for theft and false pretences. In October, 1906, just eleven months ago. he was sentenced to twelve months' hard labour at Rye for false pretences. He hoped the Bench would give him the full term of imprisonment, namely 12 months.-Prisoner had nothing to say.- Mr. J. Rymer Young (chairman), said they were bound to recognize the importance of his wrong-doing and he would have to go back to gaol for twelve 1 months with hard labour.

Arrangements have been made with the Shaw, Savill & Albion Co., The New Zealand Shipping Co., and the c.,, • Federal Steam Navigation Co., for IRE rsiLcmirs _ M•II.IEZESI for 2nd and 3rd Class Passages. At the present time reduced rate passages are limited to Farmers, .--. _ Or.---•• , 4r-11 ‘• ''-_.IMAIJIgs: - v Agricultural Labourers, Shepherds, Woon Cutters and men able to milk cows and manage live stock, who, if ..--,,,-- - approved, must take £25 with them. Domestic (Women) r 4. . • Servants will be granted passages at the reduced rates ' ~..sit. • 7.....- ''.-,.7......- subject to their taking with them not less than £2. For 1 1. I, „.......7._,Ar...... ,_ application forms and further information apply to the V , 2 • .:: Jr e. ..:....-S • High Commissioner for New Zealand, 13, Victoria Street, . li• ~,..-4-.''.. --7;' London, or --the Agents in the United Kingdom of the . .1" •... - . • • ',.' 1 '' • '..%,.-, `J.t- --. ..r. -above Shipping Companies. ' - .1 ,

,v V.._ - • : A., • • '1 , . . , •• An excellent Food, admirably adapted to the wants of infanta and young persons." —Sip CHARLES A. CAMERON, C. 8.. M.D.. Professor of Chemistry, R.C.5.1., Medical Officer of Health for Dublin, t PURVEYORS BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT - - TO H.I.M. THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA. • ~, -. ovird ..,••• ,

Dr. BAKER'S BACKACKE PELLETS Are a new remedy, which have al marvellous effect in curing Backache, Lumbago, Gout, Rheu- matism, Sciatica, and all diseases of the Kidneys, &c. If you suffer, take one pellet three times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses you will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain of Backache &c. A Suffeter says :—" I obtained quick relief from a terrible backache after tsking a few doses of Dr. Baker's Backache Pellets. Write at once enclosing 12 stamps for one box or 33 stamps for 3 boxes to Price DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE Co., in (33, NELSON SQUARE, SOUTHWARK, LONDON, S.E.

GOOD ~.., ~. ...:, / ....A z„v,,,-,. ~..,. 1T5.,,... „ ...„ ...!...,„ ~, ~ 1,,,,,,,..,,f•;,,,. MASON'S it- —,... , „...,•..., _e,,,, 4.6.-r, ~,tx,_____,..• ...-...-7iii. ..-,.._ Iltrtittm OUT -------116 . --.-- 1, I ,--,..%iortilausziro 1:,. --- . . .- - ~.. ..,.. , . .

HOW TO MAKE AI.I. .ONS 8 Gr BOTANIC BEER IN YOUR HOME. Mason's Extract of Herbs . o o 5 Sugar Yeast or Harm . . . 0 0 I A 1 rr —0 1— 1 1 ". - 'I 2d. PER GALLON. 0 0 2.

vocwolarce 'ijvvMlLK shi ate.esP rly

200 YEARS A SECRET. GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES. For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has been kept in one Family. Its curative action is wonderful in all cases of WOUNDS. CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, and all SKIN TROUBLES. It at once soothes and heals, and cannot hurt the most delicate skin. In many cases of very long standing it has quickly cured, even when doctors have despaired. Frae for 14 stamps. GRANNIE COMPANY, NORWICH.

viet es q.'l47ol,AlititiN*.:4l4,tey- Aft7eXedisAgti . -ii% -40PeANdqt%.,4.,1^1•20i'vrF.S-Atlti .v.,i,tkr...;:i.v.,045,...,451ith51.74,04;41krig a triie.t.tiet ; 'l4O -2*-A:tziFlft.-eagi.:::4:'o7.;',lol4..m:sll"tom..4::•;:.?;vef i .ii.' :,:i....44'14.,'W4. Wegel4„siiegtell*,:4'74*.c ZP Ate.k:47ii- it: I .tca 4411.640:1 Ityi '-'4 .V2tp.7,1„„Al 1 1 :-;:.:i:V140:.54, ,st. '"•-• —IK ,'" ..,vtgro' 1 . ie,.110,..1,0t*ii.:4-pinty vpg,,,,,i, We. ,54- tzoi: as , s --7...,,il.4.:Zikßitfzit-0414..447.44 i 47 • .- -, • , - -.. r • • -:1

Goddard's- Powder ror Cie anna Si IverEfectro te.S? 'Sold everywhere 11;2/6 4/*.

The Examiner, Saturday, September 7, 1907. SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS. ' INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of RAPID CURE of GYROSCOPE AS SHIP'S COMPASS. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by GOUT AND RHEUMATISM bY According to the Chicago Tribune, Dr. H. Anschiitz-Kampfe has invented a new EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. form of steering standard, dependent for its "RELIEF SOON CAME ! " m rAINED GREAT RELIEF." operation on the principle of the gyroscope, 14, Howarth-street, North Trafford, Manchester, which is driven electrically and carries an Novembr 15th, 1906. 63, Sherwood-street, Oxford-road, indicating needle pivoted within an arc • Dear Sir,—For about sixteen years, I had been a Reading, October Ist, 1906. similar to that of the ordinary compass. It constant fferer from severe attacks of rheumatism, Dear Sir, —I am writidg these lines to you to testify fte beiconfined to bed for ten weeks at a time to the value of your Gout Pills. My father, who is o n ng . .il _ does not, of course, necessarily point north and could get nothing to bring relief. I was, however now dead, was a great sufferer from Gout, in 'fact one and south, but it tends continually to point induced to try your Pills, and of the worst sufferers in Reading, where we are well in any direction in which it may be set, and THE RELIEF I SOUGHT SOON CAME. known. My eldest brother is also a chronic sufferer, ' as it is wholly unaffected by magnetic influ- I Since, then, on the slightest sign of the approach of and I myself suffer from the same complaint. Ay ences it would prove valuable in warships, my old pains I fly to your remedy, and by so doing father and brother which 'contain, such huge masses of iron and succeed in warding them off. I have the utmost faith -IBTAINED GREAT RELIEF , . . ; steel sin guns and equipment. It is not Pim !In the efficacy of your Pills, and nothing would induce from taking your Pills, so it is natural that I sho did ; posed to displace the mariner's compass, but me to be without a bottle of them in the house; in use them, and thia I have done for the last live years, •to employ this instrument as an adjunct. I fact, my wife says to her friends that if the Pills were a and have always found them to almost relieve me at , guinea a bottle she would rather go short in other once. lam still using them. Trusting you will not - !things than be without them a single week. take offence at this Door letter, I remain, yours truly, Yours gratefully, JAMES BARLOW. J. HOPSON (a working man). - EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly saff, in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurious matter, andare highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, Is. lid.and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor sent GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London i GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT 8c RHEUMATIC PILLS.

• ), co Prevent Sick-ticadache on land or sea—to correct sensations of piddlness—to remove the biliousness caused by change of diet—change of air—change of environment—you must take BEECHANI'S PILLS. You will then lose all your "liverishness," have no more pain after eating, and your sick headache and giddiness will vanish. It is impossible ZrjOY Voce tioliday if you are out of sorts. A bOx of BEECHAM'S PILLS will take up very little room in your travellinp bap, and you never know when they will come in handy and most probably save you much suffering and expense. If you find that the change of living does not agree with you, or your appetite is not what it, should be, you can at once put yourself right if you TAKE .IPAR 13, EiCt PIAMI PILL.

HUMBER .44 R IMPORTANT NOTICE. The public are warned against firms who are advertising Humber Cars, but who are not our accredited agents. We wish to caution intending buytrs against the purchase of cars from such firms, as the TWELVE MONTHS GUARANTEE applies only to cars pUrchased from ourselves or our duly-appointed agents, and under no circumstances can responsibility be accepted by us for cars k)urchased from unauthorised dealers. HU viBER LIMITED, BEESTON (Notts), AND COVENTRY. Our officially !appointed agents for WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT are ._ Messrs. BELLIAN and DAVIES, SANKEY STREET.

HORLIOK'S MALTED MILK INDUCES REFRESHING- SLEEP. REQUIRES NO COOKING. Samples, 34, Farringdon Road, London, E.C.

Our Newly In- vented FACIAL TITER 110-BATR cleanses the pores, and produces a most sriothitur street on the skin. It is a medically recommended scientific apparatus which IMPF:01/ES THE COMPLEXION softens and renovates the skin, and allays irritation arisinz f coin facial blemishes, BY NATLIPAL HYGIEMLI MEANS Port•e ta,o-s c. Carriage Paid., 25/6. EARL, STUT 1.".7; Co. ssa Cannon St., London, E.C. iiirzi .tju lie tic'

I DBPOSIT and the balance by instalments secures for early delivery a sweet powerful toned Talking Machine fitted with large Flower Horn rice 26 For one month as an advertisement, we are offering these at 60s cash, say whether to play disc or Wax Records. A !Teals' line Phonograph complete with six records 12s. 6d. PHONO STORES, 190a/b, HIGH BT.. WATFORD.

SIMPLY A. _DVERTISEMENT 1 for our New List. Send to-day to We it stu Wholesale Agency Co. d , Liverpool chi, Money if not Pretty returned satisfied Brooch, • Solid Gold ).77 • .'.;c: 117---,..,) -';;'.-.. ---.7.• II ' '.: .'''' '?...,=''' i--, . ,-, • Diamosad tor • . ~.,„-: _ _ ...,,r,..,,, ~,,:,, 7, - m Case ' , .:7• ~, • complete.

*ln, nis orile-ylast CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the oles of the feet. If vou suffer try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes 1/li. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham

YOURS FOR THE ASKING. Patterns of "Rexine", the famous leather substitute, in various colors and designs, Suitable for Upholstering Splash-Mats, Table Covers and Centres, Photo Frames. Book- Case and Shelf Edging, Screens etc., and all kinds of work. Send Postcard for Free Samples from Manufacturers. Rexine Leather Cloth Co., Ltd., Hyde, Near Manchester. THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. lar u ed THERAPlONTPuemedyhisstrtccessful pso- in continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostanjobert,Velp- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for imunrityofblc)od.spots,blotches,pain & sveellingofjoints, kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischartes, piles, gravel, painsin back:, gout,rheumatism.exhaustion, sleeplessness, &c. Three forms, Nos. 1,2 &3, according to diseases. Price 2/9 (particulars id. stamp) post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co,Haver• stock Road,llatupstead, London,&principal Chemists. GOUT The best remedy for Gout, Rheu- matism. Sciatica and Lumbago. and the only one that has stood the test of time and increased in sale is that celebrated medicine, BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS Why? Because they are pure, sure and safe, and have relieved and cured thousands. Try them. They never fail. All Chemists and Stores, at 1/1,1, & it per box.

THE WANT OF THE DAY. CRITCHLEYS STARCH GLOSS No More SOFT LINEN when Starched Used in the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. ONCE TRIED, ALWAYS TRIED. . , MAKES OLD LINEN fir LIKE NEW. , The greatest boon ever offered to the laundress for imparting an Ivory Finish to earched Linen. Laces, etc. It does not stick to spider-web like materials. • Sold by Grocers, Chemists. Stores, etc in packets at Id., Zd., and 6d. each. PREPARED' BY T. CRITCHLEV, CHENII:"T BLACKBURN.

LATEST!!! THE "MONO" TOP. The Longest Spinning Top in the " 4* World. Spin for hours. Travel right 11111641-401117 - or left on a plate. With Diagram and Directions post free ed., send stamps. 7 41tW1110 The 'MONO" TOP CO.. York Row, Pearson Street. London, N.Z. r"FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE."

6.AIIK6BLOODMPURE

THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER . is warranted to Cleatuie the Blood from all impurities from whatever cause arising. In cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA. SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, ABSCESSES, BLOOD POISON, BOILS, PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its effaiets are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials of wonderful cures from all parts of the world. ... Remember that this wonderful Medicine WILL PERMANENTLY CURE ALL i SKIN &BLOOD DISEASES I Of all Chemists and Stores, 29 per Bottle. BEWARE OF IMITATIONS,

lINT CONSTANT FAMILY USE FOR OVER 100 YEARS. ATKINSON & BARKER'S ROYAL I NFANTS' PRESERVATIVE. THE BEST FOR TEETHING, CONVULSIONS, RICKETS, WHOOPING COUGH, Bottles / 2/9, 4/i.

Births. AND REW.—Aligust 27, at 33, Gunterstone-road, West Kensington, to Mr. and Mrs. Cecil D. Andrew. a son. EA STWOOD.—On September 4, at 14, High Lane, Chorlton-cum-Hardy,to Mr. and Mrs. Fred Eastwood, a daughter. Pf.AT T. —On the 4th inst.,at their residence, Glebelands- road, Ashton-on-Mersey, to Mr. and Mrs. 0. H. Platt,. a son. Marriages. Bovni.tN —3cd inst., at the Unitarian Church, Cairo-street, by the Rev. W. E. Williams, George Bowman, son of Mr.and Mrs. W. Bowman, Motherwell, N.B , to Janet May Smith, eldest daughter of Mr. and Mr.. J. T. Smith. (IS, BlNsey-street, %Varrington. STRATFORD —WA RBURTON.—August 31st, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, Arthur Stratford, to Annie Chorltori Warburton. B URTON —WEBB. —September 413, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, Alfred James Burton, to Harriet Annie Webb.
