===== 0002601_19070427_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WM. M'CLKA.N & SONS,

MONAGHAN IRELA.ND DRALTIRS IN FIERT-CLASS IRISH HUNTERS AND CARRIAGB HORSRS AND JOB MASTERS. We beg to thank the Gentry oft Liverpool and surrounding districts for th.ir past patronage since ooening'onr LIVERPOOL BRANCH: SANDON MEWS, 80, EGERTON ST. Where owing to the increasing demand for our Speciality in High-class Gsrriage and Hunting Horses, and to supply this demand we have completed extensive alterations, and trust. by strict and personal supervision of business, to retain the confidence in the future as in the past of our numerous Patrons. Also soliciting the favour of those in want of good, gonn 61. High-class Trish Horses, at moderate priees.to entrust us with their requirements, our sole aim being attention and entire satisfaction in our dealings with customers.

COMMENCES •IN THE

"EXAMINER" TO-DAY.

BREATHLESS EXCITEMENT!

THRILLING SENSATION!! THE EXPLOITS

OF Fi; IE-EYED MAN.

EIGHT NARRATIVES

===== 0002601_19070427_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
EDWARD TOWLER

In which are related the amazing experiences of a humn fiend who for a brief period terrorised England. This audacious scoundrel defied the police, and the smartest detectives

of England and America were unable to lay him by the heels. He robbed a big bank in broad daylight, captured a specie van on our greatest railway, and kidnapped a multi-millionaire. Priceless pictures and jewels worth a king's ransom were among the booty secured by the fearless gang of outlaws led by the One-Eyed

Man. A veritable Napoleon of crime, this twentieth century terror undertook to steal the Signal books from a British warship, and actually succeeded ! It is

===== 0002601_19070427_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ASTOUNDING RECORD

and will be eagerly read. in many respects the series is unique. The tales are told without any attempt at melodramatic embellishment, in a. plain, straightforward way which makes

them intensely realistic. They grip as power- fully as a strong serial, and anyone who reads the first story will want to follow the adven- tures of the One-Eyed Man to the end.

"THE ONE-EYED MAN."

COMMENCES. IN THE " EXAMINER " TO-DAY SATURDAY.

No 1571

ONITUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY AND FRIDAY, APRIL 30TH, MAY IST, 2ND, 3RD, 1907.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
A

SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS.

CAP4AD T A BY ALLAN LINE.—HE AUMB OF 00HAN COedFoRT IS ATT4.INBD IN THR FAST TURBIBH SIBAMBRS. SHORTEST AND CHICAPFST ROUTH TO ALL PARTS CF CANADt & WESTERN STATES. Unsurpassed Accommodation Excellent Cuisine. Details re Work and Wages. Apply ALTARS, 103, LICADRNHALL STRRET, ane COMFORT I bi. PALL MALL. LONDON; 19. JAMBS FTHHHT. LINTHRPOOL, ; or Local Agents.

SPBBD,

bAFHTY.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAND BAZAAR

t'- • - 01.1."‘...... . . . ' . , ..i ",;,.• ~ ..- . 4*- . .. . _l., ~..v., , ~... ..p., ,t,„. -‘ • , 1., .6„,...,-`: 4 .ti .• 4. .40 '..* • • '4l • ' ii . "ft • , Ig.; .. _ i 44 . .• ~. , - .• ~. ~,,,e, . • ...t. .. 3 • • i -\..,.:..r1,,...,,\.,g' 44,4 ./‹. ‘lll4ll ~, „ -, ~ . . . . .. "......,.. • 1 '.' . . ~,,, ' • • 1 ~,,,, , , - , -2::„......, 1 - • x.,• it, \t-,.

ONE PENNY

sAmvuxtruiv., APRIL 27, 1907.

•, NI ss. i HOS. CURER, STATIONER AND NEWSACIENT,

"HXAMINBR " OFFICH,

33, MAILKRT STRBET, HARLIISTOWN. FANCY STATIONERY LUITABLII FOR PRBSIINTS.

By POST II yji per Quarter' is 6d per annum IS 9d .per Quarter credit

===== 0002601_19070427_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
WAREHOUSE

FURNISH AT A SAVING OF WHOLESALE PRICES. 2 0%

8 NEW BROWN ST., CATALOGUES FREE. MARKET ST., 3 D"" f"m Jll AN CHESTER.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
900/ o 5 - hiuht Hou+es, £a7, London ; bargain.—L/oWlisß , Blair it., Poplar. London, H.

NOI ICH TO F41151R114 AND BRERMIRS.—CoIts operated on standing; eight years' practical experience; ne,er lost a colt.— WALLEY, Ta%ley Brook, Knsitsforci.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
3nvestments, Mmrts, Scr.

JOHN WALKER & CO., Printers, Bookbinders. EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19070427_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
DOULTItY-FARKIRG PAY.—lllu,traterl boats of RII requieltes,free.—ALLEF POULTRY Co., eawbridgeworth.

aqpitulturat Vrob un, iplants, &*c

ACCOUNT BOOKS, TICKET BOOKS,

JOHN WALKER AND Co.

BXORS. OF TEETH TEETH J. IT. PA U KINSON, MANCEIHSTBR, TEETH HAVH OPECNBD AT TEETH 14, SANKEY ST., TEETH WARRINGTON, AND WILL ATTBND TEETH BVHRY WHDNRSDAY 11 to 7 TEETH

BVIIRY S kTURDAY II to 5.

Branches at CRlii9B, NORTHWIMI TEETH and WINSPORD. (See Local Papers)

Onuration.

vi7ALI4Sfv GRA Mbi R Cl-100L. Boarders taken hy H. A.. FOULKES. M.A., Kiloreggan.Mount rd., New Brighton.

THE MI.4"Es SUTTON will N7P11.8 for PrAtropoßTß, RINGING ‘nci VOICII PRODUCTION at the Winmarleigh Cafe, Sankey-street. Terms on applica- tion.

rit AN KB V HOCSK SCHOOL, HOY LkKE, naßsHlßlC—Prinflpals : Miss 0144PViA.N and Miss GREEN. Education on best modern lines. Preparation for Examinations. Resident Foreign Governess. Next term begins May Bth.

IRK F I 1L(), ViTr' 'N-F4T-W ILLOWS.— BOARDING an,l D SOFFOnG FOR GIRTA received up to ten years of nee Summer term begins April Bth, at 2 o'clock. A full term's natile required h.fore the removal of a puoll.—Prineipals : Bliss G. HAFITLECT and miss M.

(ZOUTHPORP MoDwatN QCff,iOL.—ANT IDEAL L 7 sogoor, PnR BOYR. First-cia.s einction. good home, find healthy star., •Swimarng, Grongstic?, Cidet Con:many, and Rifle Range. 'foreign ho,. received. Uctialiv full. ProloPr,tne fro,rl Petvorpkr,

QTOCKTON M ',ODO (-11(4H CNOM, SrOCKTOIC 1114ATR.WARRING'TON (3 minutes from Car Terminus) DAY AND BOAROIRO SCT-100L FON KINDRRGARTRN. PRRPARATORY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Latve ifouse extensive Rrourlcl. and plavfnc. fieids. BiceVent Resident P.taff and Vf•iting Masters and Mistresses Great successes in Rvarmnations. PROSPROTU'. Referenc.s an 4 Vfw. OTI application to THR MISVIS PARTINOTON. PcrtscrPcLe;

===== 0002601_19070427_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
i?ouses anti tantt on Ode.

FRICK HOLD WTI bin SU} PLOTS. —Favoii rite localitv. excellent train service inw price nee.nted for immediate sale.—Apply 3. Jowas. 17 Marino,* rd.. wnni r4reAn

11BIGNMOUTH. nEVON.—House to be let, or sold; thee I. reception. seven heircoms ; splendid aftwition.— titulars from BLATCHFoRD, Ruilder, Newton Abbltt, Devon.

FOR SALR.—Fonr Leasehold 1-10"4H8 wfth gymnd for four more. Gross rental £4B 2s. Purchager can have benefit of Starr Bowket mortgage. For particulari apply J. BTorr, 13 Luton st widneg.

lAN SALM, POUR good (XYPTAGIii in Winitrel-street, k.. 1 Lower [nee. Wigan. Nos. 19 2. 23 and 25 - three bed- rooms, parlour and gardens. Close to Great C'entral Rail- way btation.—Apply 17, WpripuEn Sr.. Lower knee, near Wigan.

XTOTICH,—TO BNLir. or dOLD. a Splendid 8-r romed 1.1,-USIC, with bath. hot ani cold water. If Purobaswi, Pay a Dew:Wt. and an 4.Virt19.13 Payment of 5%. Per Week will Camp:eta the Purebare. BOULT )Zf &SHOP. Clifton House, Lovely lane, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
Ifionep

£5. £7, £lO, £2O. .£3O, .£5O, £lOO. • AUS DVANCES' MA PRIVATELY to TRADEB- MEW, FARMRRS, WORKINGAIEN, and all Respec'• able Householders. on their own secnrlty, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLIt DR MANGE. EVERY INFORMATION FINELY . M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHaIItINRS, VVIDINBS, For)? OF THE CENTELL STATION. MANSGER : JOHN GOOu .8.-llstanlished at this tliroi rordsnts, Tiers.

_ M.CoMMO o‘TioN, to nll respectable Vi and tru,tworthy pereone, on these terms : £5 Repay £5 Us. 61. £lO „ £l6 7e. 6. £ 0 £/2 101. rd. £3O £5O .. , £56 ss. 04. £lOO , £ll2 10e. Od. Call or write to Aetna/ 'Lender, .W. JACK•3ON. 26. CORPMIATION ST MkIsICLIRiTRi".

Tel.. 2117.

_ To R.5.,00().—wE1y ! WRY!! WILY!! orsVl, sell, Dawn or let your friends know that you are short of a little ready cash We have plenty of money, and are willing to lend you part of it at a very low rate of Interest and an easy repayment can he arrancrd according to yocr income. £5 loan l/5 weekly f £lO lotn 5/- weekly £lO loan 3/- wes.kly RA, loan 10/- weekly krger sums in um) proportion, other terms as mutually agreed npon. Don't Pay 2/3 In the 2 for a Innnth. So don't fail to 'lye us steal! or write ,snd convince yourself that our terms cannot be beaten. —APPLY TO NIAIIRIOR & 00., 31, CAIRO S".. WARRINGTON'.

_ hlf44 CITTHHILL. MANAGERFC9B. N.l3,—Rev4 this carefully, "That you cannot understand, we will explain; we mean nothing but h ,noit and straight- forward dealings. Letters nromptir attended too.

NIONEY LENT AT SHORT NOTICE': ADVANCIFIS of larte or small amounts (not less than £10) granted \UMW DRLA.Y on promiss ,ry note only.

NO BILLS OF SAL 4 TAKtiN. MODIMATH rEltns. No APPLICATION FICHR. BUKNESS CONDUONSO STRAIGHCFORWATIDLY.

Fall information supplied either pe.sonal Iv or by post FRRR OF CO sT, and all enquiries TINA:DM V9'IT PONFI MOTOR. Repayments arranged to suit borrower's convenience. Apply to

GEORGE PAYNE & SONS, 20, IigNNEDY ST., COoPER ST., MANCHESTER. OR 16, SCHOOL LAN, LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISHBD 1870.

(RSTABLISHED 1837). riIHR NATIONAL LoAN MO(]TI IS EXPRESSLY 1 ESTASLISREO AND FIitGIITERRO PaRSITI,NT TO AnT OF PARLIAMENT To ',LAKE PRIVAT4 ADVANORq, wITHOOT LOAN' OFFICE FORMALITIES TO ALL CLASSES (\van OIL FRIALEI.

FROV .£lO TO SIMPLH wRITTRN egovtin RRPAY, FO't ANY IMMHDIATH WANT TO START IN BUSINRii, FURNISH( YOUR HotI4P, TO PAY WANT OR HA.THS. OR FOR ANY PRIVAT4 USB. THR ADVANCH CAN BR Pun RACK BY RASY INSTALMHNTS OR CAN RR \IAN OUT FROA ONII TO FIVR YRARS BY PAvIN,I THR INTRRIC.4T ONLY. HAVING. 4 LAR9R JPITAr. Aro.vAyißHflY POR INVHSTNIHNT. WR OA N LEND QUICKLY AND OKHAPLy. ONTANCR ORJRCT. IIeRRRiT AND HRPAYMRNT4LOWHBTIN tND OH wm,qs. vim MONEY ADVANORD AT kPPLIOANT' i OWN IF 14HQUIIIHn, THUS HAVING TfrIRM tHR TROUBLR AND HXPRNSR OF A JOU RNHy. STRICT PRIVACY AND STRAIGHTFORWARD DR k LiNGS GUARANVIND. IT WILL OOST YOU NT-((N. tr (LL ,AVR YOU PcUNDS BY AN•LYING RT pqRR p tftiorgALLy OR BY LICTTRit FOR OUR FRRR Pitt)iPß IrU3 TO MR NATIONAL LOAN S3ClkitY, 41, CORPORATION ST., MANURRSTFIR. 260x5. NATIONAL 1 RLICPHMVI4

LOANS,

===== 0002601_19070427_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIVATELY AND WITHOUT DI4LAI

0 .- FRO[ ix,,a UPWARDS,

GRANTED TO HOUSEHoLDHRS, SHOPKREPEttS AND OTHER RBSPECTABLR PERSONS UPON NoTE OF HAND ALONE. AT MODERATR CHARGRi AND ER-PAYSIIINT TO SUIT 130nRowitR'5 onNvgaitcricE. APPLY IN CONFIDENCE.

MRS• J. B.tRII4;Tr (IANAGEREBS), 1, CIIRSTER ROAD, WARRINGTON

110NOURABLB DHALIVOS GITARANTERD.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STRENT, HANLEY, ANO 13, NEWGATZ STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. 'D ART EZS wiqhing for temporary CASH ADVANJES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BR SIGNED THE LOW RAM OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SIALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROW ER. NO BILLS OF NALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THWTRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY,MEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS, RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTEKTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent oases a Representative 111 call personally upon applicants amticomplete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known Ind my reputation stands unrivalled,

===== 0002601_19070427_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
droKantz McDOUGALL'S Paterit SELF-RAISING FLOUR The Examiner, Satulday, April 27, 1907 SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS-FASMON-HOME.

FORCE PRODUCING COLOUR.

cc-,an En

nun's veiling which certainly possesses the merits of washing and wearing better than flannel. The Transparent Scarf.—With the warm days, will come the transparent scarf, which will take the place of the now indispensahle feather or marabout boa. The new scarfs are all immensely wide, and built of such fabrics as silk muslin, chiffon, gauze, or crepe de chine. They are handsomely embroidered at the ends, and heavily fringed, or weighted with tassels. These beauti- ful and becoming little wraps are greatly in evidence for evening wear, at theatres and restaurants, and later on will make a charming addition to airy-fairy summer toilettes. May-day Superstitions.—Among many old beliefs and _

customs was the idea that May-dew was an exisellent thing for the cnmplexion. So it is, undoubtedly, but'i its chief virtue lies not so much in the dew_ itself, as in I _

the fact that one must get up early to catch it. 'That, the scientists tells us, is the only merit which May-clew ; has over the dew of December, but it is a very old superstition that May-day dew was a most efficacious beautifier. It can at any rate be easily tried by steeping some soft linen in the glistening drops on the grass, using only that for a face wash. Most of the old May- day customs and superstitions however have ,lied out. One to which the damsels of former times attached much importance was the divination afforded by the early morning snail-track and the letters thus formed

1 By subjecting minerals containing various metals to the 'spark of a high-tension induc- tion coil, characteristic colours are, says the !, Engineer, imparted to the spark by the differ- ent metals. it is not the heat that produces these colours, 'but centrifugal • force, which, like radio-active matter, puts the corpuscles ! of the molecule in motion.

rALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

,; i ,L, 2 .. ..doz=anzunwszrzczammocumuramicriP,M , ~„,., ~...,....,.....,..-..:0;01 . . e Or e'"-t, t:'''' . i '' , ch.....i' , „..:- -.: J 7 d ,:'' 1/ y , iv, x -i,, lq .a .'''.> 9.P 1 -4, ''6..!e- : .7 /4:7,. ,-,..( *'- ''' - ' I k ktf.-. ... Pure ;......„.„ - , ~..„ ~......„ :._ ~„ .:)..) Light z., .7, ~zi, - . & '"‘ ' , erZ r & lib . . ', , , ‘llO vt, Delicious. '.: i - • 1 \''-',30)f_.., • , 9 ~ 'kr-e')Y, 1!,:,\, 1‘ % f1,16.,,,,.'.• ,t 1 - 4,4,..40 4 i :Pr A-k‘• ipt 01 . . l'il I•', ' e - ' . „ ,:;!t. ;.A. kt, 1 r . .414% , 't.,,..,0-4. • ,IF 44i-r,, 7, ti '''.//'-------- -=-•--,==raisi.-`lg, ''''' t"4.,.'N.,.;:-.•''.';'..7"1.-'711._-_-i.ce,r,--- ~1,,. ' ‘;';:i N.......,‹ - .74. Cocoa you Joy. • . ' : e. .n „,,.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

A Family of Courtiers.—Miss Beatrice Knollys, who is to marry Sir Cape! Charles Wolseley on May 9th, is a niece of Miss Charlotte Knollys, Queen Alexandra's most intimate friend and confidante. Miss Charlotte Knollys has been Lady-in-Waiting to the Queen since , her Majesty's marriage in 1863; and is known to all members of the Royal Family as" Chatty." There are no affairs, however much of a private or family nature, , upon which the queen does not confide in Miss Knollys, who for forty-four years has been invaluable to her I Majesty on account of her knowledge of foreign I languages, her tact, and capability in discharging secre- tarial duties. Her brother, Lord Knollys, has been almost as long in the King's service, and has been his Majesty's friend and private secretary for nearly forty years. For centuries the Knollys family has been intimately associated with the Court, and this connec- tion is likely to be continued. Lord and Lady Knollys' only son is a page of honour to the King, and their only daughter Miss Lavinia Knollys, is expected to be appointed Maid of Honour when the next vacancy arises. Wedding Rings.—There has been much talk about the elaborate wedding ring comirig into favour put although now and again a Society bride is found to follow this new departure, it is safe to say the idea will never become popular. Mottoes on the other hand are becom- ing more and more general, and invariably nowadays find a place inside the wedding ring. The custom of wearing the wedding ring on the third finger of the left band goes back for its origin to the Egyptians from whom the Greeks borrowed the custom, and handed it over to the Romans. The third finger was dedicated to Apollo, the sun god, and gold was an additional symbol of the sun. In Germany the engagement ring frequently serves for the wedding ring, also, being worn on the right hand until after marriage when it is transferred to the left. In Spain, the engage- ment ring is most ornate, and is invariably worn on the third finger of the right hand. Our Colonial Visitors.—The Colonial ladies, now on a visit to this country, afford ample proof that the art of dressing is well understood in-distant parts of the Empire. Naturally they are all greatly interested in the London shops, but the most charming" creations" have not apparently tempted them to depart from the standard of neatness and good taste, which invariably Marks their style of attire. Miss Botha, the daughter of the famous General, has an exquisite complexion, with beautiful fair hair, and altogether presents a charming appearance, which makes her one of the most observed of our Colonial visitors., Miss Lyne, whose father is the Premier of New South Wales, is the only one of the Colonial party who has never been in this country, before. Mrs. Deakin, the wife of the Premier of the Australian Commonwealth, was here seven years ago, and among other chsnges, she says, that strike her is the great elaboration of women's dress of the present day. That we have gone to extremes in sumptuous and extravagant dress is quite true, and the staart and fashionable women who dress to be "priced," and to out-vie one another have, unfortunately, their imitators more or less among all classes. Hair Ornaments.—The stalls of a fashionable thaatre afford an education in the evening, in the matter of head ornamentation. At the moment we appear to be letting our imaginations wander towards Egypt, and are tiring our beans in a style which recalls the great Cleopatra. There are, for example, the bands of curious jewels, set in rough silver, huge ropes of seed pearls, solid-looking wreaths of leaves, flat bands of diamonds—worn across the front of the head— and tassels. For the latter, seed pearls and diamonds, are usually employed. Taken altogether, the present mode is an improvement upon the weird feather stage, through which we have just passed, when the notions exhibited might well have been culled from a tribe of wild Indians. _ A Becoming Mode.—The black velvet neck-band, threaded through paste or diamond slides, is in con- siderable request for evening wear, even among those women who possess jewelled collars. It has been said that the black velvet neck band is the most becoming neck ornament a woman can have, and undoubtedly there is much of truth in this statement. Those of us who number among ouç stores some beautiful old slides are fortunate indeed, but the girl or woman who has to depend upon latter day specimens need not despair. Many excellent and inexpensive copies of exquisite old- world examples, are to be fousd in the shops now-a-days and these look their best when mounted on black velvet.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW FASMON,

The latest novelties shown this month, in Paris, Which promise to .become a craze as the season Advances, are little boleros of Chantilly lace worn with gowns of bright-colonred crepe-de- Chine or mousseline de sole. These, says Lon- ddn Opinion, are made of black , and are very light and effective, their picturesquenes heightened by a large black picture hat, which helps to subdue the .brii,lt-hued costumes the milliners of Paris are trying. to introduce, which, if they catch the pu.blic ta,qe, will call for black accessories, such tis scarves, hats. and collars, that will soften and 'tone down the somewhat startling effect of vivid greens. bright violets, and brilliant shades of ro,se colour.

lace

VOILE OR CASIf

E DrEss.

The dress shewn in the sketch is intended to be. carried out in buscuit,coloured voik‘. orcashmere, and trimmed with sonic deep ocru lace insertion, though the design would 'work out equally well in some darker colour such as, vieux rase, trimmed" with bands oh fancy, silk galon, embroi- dered in tillades of rose. • The skirt arranged

in a double pleat in the front, and is adorned with four dull gold buttons just below the waist- line. The material of the bodice is arranged in two folds at each side, these being held in place by groups of buttons. The round opening at the neck is outlined with lace in'krtion, whith is carried along the top of the shoulder and down the side of the full puff sleeve. finishing below the elbow with a plain cuff of insertion.

in answer toleartburning questions. I COURT CIRcLEs A. \VINE-DRINKING. The Trouble of Cooking.—Tbe late Dean Hole I remarked that "if there were more wives who were It Swedish lady, rresenting the Swedish good cooks, there would be more husbands at home to branch of the "White ibbon " Temperance or. supper "and the Duchess of Sutherland, while distri- ganisation, to whom the Duchesi of Skfine buting prizes at the Trentham National schools, cess Margaret of Connaught) recently granted at attempted to impress a like wholesome lesson upon interview, describes what took place as follows; some of the wives of the future. She had remarked "We arrived at the appointed hour, and were in Sgotland that many clever children died young, and ushered into the room of the lady-in-waiting, she attributed this mortality largely to the fact that who kindly entertained us for a good while, as the mothers have not learned to cook properly "and the Duchess had been summoned to the Queen.. bought tinned and cooked foods from shops." There A footman announced that the 'Duchess awaited in a ;odd deal in this sugg6stion, and some application us, and through a long saloon we were -taken of it is to be foune in the case of girls who have left into her reception-room, which was large and school. In industrial towns for instance, a large handsome, and contained a piano, flowers, pie. number of factory girls make their dinner of pastry tures, and photographs. Beside the sofa, where and sxeetmeats. It is very likely that the fault is not we were invited to sit, stood a baby's little chair, always theirs,seeing that there may not be an establish- with blue silk cushions. The whole gave such a ment where they can obtain a dinner on terms cOm- home-like impression. The Duchess asked a few mensurate with their income, but in any event such a questions about our errand, and when I had diet is not very sustaining, and the habit is all the answered them, and said that we had heard with more regrettable because it is quite possible for a pleasure of the stand she takes with regard to woman who can cook, to provide a more wholesome total abstinence, and that it had emboldened us and nourishing meal at a small cost. to ask her to become 'Patroness of the Society, adding that in our country it had been thought scarcely possible for one in ter position to be a , total abstainer, she answered, smilingly: 'lt can be done quite well. My husband takes vei7 little wino;, we seek to restrict the use of it as much as possible. . My cousin, Princess Victoria, and the English' friends who have visited me are all abstainers. In England it is considered scarcely fitting for a young lady in Court circles to drink wine. The Duchess speaks surprisingly good Swedish. In response. to Our request (that she would become Patroness) the Duchess replied that she would think about it and consult her family. After it few days came the gratifying answer that the Duchess Was quite willing to become the Patroness of 'The .White Ribbon.'" HAT FOR TRAVELLING. Quite unusually smart and becoming is the inieat little travelling or knockabout hat which is the subject of our sketch. The hat itself sits closely to the head, and is of a modified—very much modified—boat shape, the straw of 'which it is made being thick, strong, and of a pretty biscuit shade. Over brim and crown in front are twist4d bands of brown and white ribbon, the ends being tied into a smart bow which rests upon the crown. On either aide of the hat, about half-way between front and back, are arranged two beautiful soft wings of mingled brown, fawn,

MADGE.

and white feathers. These" wings completely hide the back of the hat, meeting behind and droop- ing on to the hair beneath. The same idea might be successfully carried out in a black and white, blue and white, or purple and white colour scheme.

, I ~ c, ... 0-1 (II 1 , \ I , \ fi \ IL

4 ...---7-7---.- : l 1fi.,':1',4::,'?,;;------.:"„--7--i-,---'•',:: ~,---:, , , , i ..---:,,,, ,kili/t .74 -,, \ ( ~ - - 0- . ~.;.... ~._ , • % If r ' '7.:/9'? : .... • . ( /7/ ,i 1 / .. • .s**"\. 7 •:/// .. ..), , / '

===== 0002601_19070427_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
ON LINGERIE.

Society women spend thought . and much money on their lingerie, and on what the French call their beaux dessous generally, writes "A 'Society Butterfly" in if. .A pretty idea is to choose a favourite shade of colour—say pink or blue—and allow this to pervade the whole of one's underwear. Black and pink or, white and pink corsets, pink ribbons for bows and shoulder- straps, pink garters, and a pink petticoat—such a scheme is charming. And pink ribbons would adorn the night-attire, and -the cant-dc lit and dressing-gown might also match in colouring. Some women go "co far as to have knots of the same ribbon tied on their lace-trimmed pillow- slips, and their guipure coverlets are lined to correspond. Camisoles—called by our mothers "petticoat-bodices "—are , built of finest - cambric. trimmed with yalenciennes lace and much of what emperts describe as "veining." Corsets fix' the clot: of a costume, and are, in fact, its foundation Silk coutil, unlined, is used by the best stay-makers, bones are small and slender, and as a result the corsets take small space under- the bodice of one's dress, and are smart, light, and comfortable. Straight-fronted corsets still prevail, and, in spite of statements to the con- trary, tight-lacing. is seldom or never adopted by women in smart society. TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

VEAL CUTLETS A LA SAINT GERNIAIN.—Tako 11b. of veal cutlets, some freshly-boiled green peas, six small mushrooms. chopped, two shallots, chopped, 20z. of fresh butter, one dessertspoon- ful of finely=chopped parsley, one and a-half gills of good white sauce, the yolks of two eggs, a little lemon juice, find some finely-smashed- potato. Trim tile, cutlets into neat rounds all of the same size. Mat the frying-pan, • and when hot put in the cutlets and the chopped shallots and mush- rooms, and fry the cutlets both sides for a few minutes, being careful 'not to let them brown. Then drain off the butter, put the cutlets, shal- lots,' mushrooms, and white sauce into a stew- pan, and let all saute gently over the fire for about a; quarter of an hour until the cutlets are tender. Have the mashed potato arranged in a firm circle on a hot dish, and arrange the cut- lets neatly on the mashed potato and nut them aside to iteep nor. 416 Cl tne neaten yolks or tho 'eggs' to the sauce in the stewpan and stir over the fire until it thickens. Then add, the chopped parsley and the lemon juice, and pour this sauce over and around the cutlets. Fill in the centre of the circle with freshly-boiled young peas.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
POISONED BY OZONE,

Serious stomach .troubles among workmen in large electric plants are attributed by a German authority to •ozone-poisoning .and not to electric radiations. Ozone—which is excel- lent in a reasonable dosage—is . produced in large quantities, and with atmospheric nitro- gen it forms nitric acid, explaining the acid taste often noticed. An effective remedy is free ventilation and separation of high- tension apparatus from workrooms.

THE DETECTION OF GOLD IN SANDS.

The. Compte.Q Rendus has published a pro- cess for the analysis of auriferous sands by A. Fournier. From 5 to 10 per cent. of man- ganese dioxide is added to the sand, and the mixture is treated in the cold with hydro- chloric acid for twenty-four hours, and then on the water bath until the liquid becomes quite clear. After decanting from siliceou4 matter the solution is evaporated to a syrupy consistence and added to a large amount of alcohol. Sulphuretted hydrogen in excess is passed into the warm alcoholic solution. The precipitated sulphides are washed with water slightly acidified with hydrochloric acid, then treated with . the warm acid, and the final re- sidue, whiclk contains the noble metals dis- solved in hydrochloric acid containing a little nitric acid. The solution thus obtained is evaporated to dryness, and the residue taken up with hydrochloric acid and water. The gold and other allied metals are then de- posited from this solution by one, of the ordi- nary precipitation processes, (ammonium chloride, oxalic acid, &c.).

===== 0002601_19070427_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GRINDELWALD GLACIERS.

Men of science were first attracted to Switzerland by the Grindelwald Glaciers; they were called "Miracles of Nature." These glaciers have been described • as two great tongues of ice, which thrust themselves down among the meadows and corn and cot- tages. It is only some fifty years ago that the Alpine Club was founded in this country. Many of the nations of Western Europe have since formed similar clubs, and consequently the scientific as well as the geographical ex-, ploration of the mountains has been carried out. It has been found that, whereas it was first believed that glaciers meet •in winter, the phenomenon is caused by a spring under the glacier. An , international commission on glaciers was founded, and a French commis- sion has also been studying in detail the glaciers in the French Alps. There have been men with scientific minds who -have spent much time in attempting to connect glaciers with sunspots. It i 8 known that they are con- nected with the snow and rain which fell in past seasons, but it is a difficult matter to establish absolute proof that .these are con- nected with the spots on the sun.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
STARS FROM A WELL.

There has existed a very ancient belief, going back to the time of the Greeks and the Romans, that overhead stars can be seen in daylight from the bottom of wells or pits. Arisotle and Pliny believed in the possibility cf this being done, and so apparently did Sir John .Herschel. In his treatise on astronomy, Herschel writes: "From the bottom of deep, narrow pits, such as a well or the shaft of", a mine' such bright stars as pass the zenith may be discerned by the naked eye. We have ourselves heard it stated by a celebrated optician that the earliest circumstance which drew his attention to astronomy was the' regular appearance, at a certain hour for seve•. ral successive days, of a considerable star through the shaft or a chimney." It is a pity that Herschel did not give the name of his "celebrated optician," for the

POSSIBILITY OF THUS SEEING STAES is called in question. Mr. Maunder, of the Greenwich Observatory, writing in Know- ledge, doubts if there is any authenticated instance of it. Humboldt repeatedly tried the experiment.' in Siberian and American mines, mid not Only -failed himself ever to detect a star, but never met anyone who had succeeded. More recently an American astro- nomer set Up a tube for the express purpose of seeing the Pleiades by daylight, also with- out effect. The assistance of a telescope enables the brighter stars ,and planets to be discerned at mid-day, but a dark well or pit is not exactly a telescope, and the conditions are different. Perhaps, therefore, this vener- able tradition may have to go the way of many others.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
AN UNSUSPECTED ELECTRIC FISH.

-America is the home of certain remarkable fishes known as star-gazers (Astroscopus), from the, fact that the eyes are placed near the middle .of the large, flat head in such a position that the line of vision is directed almost immediately upwards. In correlation with this peculiarity is the upward direction of the large and strongly-armed moulh, which is likewise placed entirely on the upper sur- face of the head. Obviously such a fish can- not obtain its prey in the ordinary manner, and its mode of feeding therefore needs ex- planation. According to Messrs. Dahlgren and Silvester, of .Princeton University, the explanation is possibly to be found in the fact that the heads of these fishes are furnished with an electrical organ; which is of a type quite different 'froth that of any other electric fish. The power possessed by the star-gazers of emitting electric shocks appears to have been known from time., immemorial to the Virginian fisherman, but it is only lately, and then by an accident, that it became known to men of. science. It is now suggested that these fishes ,may • kill their prey by electric dis- charges, and then catch them as they fall in the strangely upturned mouth. Some support to this theory is afforded by the fact that the stomach of the one specimen dissected con- tained a number of small swift-swimming fishes.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWILDERING MEDICINES.

Man has viewed about him the infinite number of things, creatures, plants, and metals, and out of them he is compounding or extracting a bewildering number of sub- stances of alleged therapeutic value, says a writer in Harper's Magazine. In one list of the •newer remedies arranged under their trade names there are presented under the single letter A, from .Abrastol to Azurin, no less than 418 separate titles-. The determination of the full physiological properties of these numberless substances is so difficult and so limited in its possibilities, their nie`thods of preparation are for the most part necessarily so. elaborate, and they are often so deadly through any mischance of preparation, that it is a nervous _ business, even the bare thought that it is possible that the manufacture of such .things may be in the hands of people employing

IGNORANT OR INADEQUATE METHODS,

or who are actuated solely by the hope of gain.

„ But in addition to - the new remedies 'there is a vast number of old ones that have been gathered up through the experiment and ex- perience of our ancestors. —7l.'hese, Most of them, have a value more Or less definite and unquestionable. and more or less understood. But it is a matter of fact that less than 50 per cent. of the ” standard " preparations that appear in the .Pharmacopwia have been standardised, and, it is true that in the manu- facture of the 10,000 drugs and combinations of drugs4hat are being used by the physicians of the country there' is more. opporunity for fraud through adulteration and substitution than in any other manufacturing industry known among men.

Compressed air is now used, in at least one large iron foundry, for almost every opera- tion connected with the making. of, a finished casting. The air -is supplied at 801 b. ~Pressure by a. number of electric motor-driven com- pressors of different capacities..

lAlcoboli distilled from currants is being I used for -lighting purposes in some parts of ' Greece. The lamps using this illuminant aro. Igiving great satisfaction. They are fitted with mantles, and give an eNtremely bright

===== 0002601_19070427_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXPLOITS OF THE ONE-EYED MAN.

BY EDWARD TOWLER.

PROLOGUE.

The Britannic drew alongside the Prince's landing-stage at. Liverpool, and the One-eyed Man stepped briskly, along the gangway to the shore. The voyage was . ended, and he was glad ; but as he whistled softly to himself the thought ran through his mind that possibly to others his arrival in England would not be so welcome. His face was lean and dark, and .a pair of bushy eyebrows. nearly meeting at the junction of the nose, gave a sinister look to a countenance that did not require the addetT detail of a missing eye to accentuate its evil, aspect. It was a face 'that made people shudder involuntarily, and if he had lived in the Middle Ages he would probably haVe made an early, acquaintance with the stake for being posSessed of an evil eye. His thin lips were compressed tightly, although at the corners There lurked what might be fitly de- scribed as the ghost of Is wintry smile, for he never smiled :openly. His dress was a quiet Scotch tweed, grey in colour, and he carried a portmanteau in his hand, and a rug over his arm. Stich was the personality of the man who was destined to make England ring with his _exploits. , _ _ _

lit had lipoked - under the name of Johna- than, P. Brown, of Jersey City, U.S.A., and had an intermediate ticket from, I\l",,ew York to Liverpool. On landing he went straight to the General Post Office and inquired for letters or telegrams. He was handed a tele- gram. It was addressed to James P. Smyth, of Pittsburg, and from this it will be gathered that the One:eyed Man was particular neither as to his name nor his address. He tore the envelope open and read: " Dear father, come home at once; James very bad. No "hope,. Given up." Again the wintry smile played about. th thin, hard mouth, and the one eye gleamed with cat-like brilliancy • then he went straight to the: Lime-street Railway Station, and night found him at the door of a house off the Euston-road, in London: He hesitated a moment before knocking; indeed, upon second thoughts,- he drew a latchkey from his pocket and. "quietly let himself in. • For a moment he stood in the hall, then silently stepped up to the ,closed dOO% of a moth, on the left side of a passage, and listened. "I tell you," said a voice, "I care no more for your One-eyed Man than I do for that pot dog on the mantelpiece." A second vOice said, "I'm with you .there. 'There's a lot too much fuss made over him. We do the work, he collars the dollars, rot him!"

"I say," said the first, " what's his name— his real- name, I mean? He's aliases by the score, but hang me if 1., know who he is, al- though 1,. as it were, work for him." .

• "Cali him anything. Down in Jersey City he's known as Captain Nick. 'Frisco knows him as the One-eyed Boss, and to you and me he's known as No. 1," said the second.

"Say." said the first, "what became of the , balance of that haul he made on the Grand Trunk Railway last fall? There was a .hundred thousand dollars, , but only fifty thousand Whacked out."

"There you have me," answered the other,

"Well, I've had enough. I shall split, and you and 1,. know enough to get him a lifer. There's twenty thousand dollars reward for him in the States. That's ten thousand apiece —what do you say?"

"He's a terror to, handle, I admit," said the other: "But, hang it! we're not kid& I'm with you. We'll blow the gaff on him to- morrow." " Where is he now ? " asked the first.

'The door opened, and the One-eyed Man stepped in. "He is here," he said, quietly. , The two men, seated one on each side of the fire, sprang to their feet, then dropped back .speechless.

The One-eyed Man ,took a chair between them and ' the. door, surveyed tfiem silently for a few minutes, and then said, "I knew you Were about to 'give the show -away, James Thornton, but as for you, Richard Grant, well, I confess I have been deceived in you. Do you know what you • have incurred? Fools !". he went on, fiercely, his eye blazing with passion. " Fools, to pit your addled brains against mine ! Did you think I should not tumble to your 'game? If you are false, there are men in my League true as steel, and, though you did not think it, even though I am -Thousands of miles away, eyes watch on my account, and, by Heaven, my one eye is worth a hundred of your four, you blind rats ! "

The two men cowered in their chairs.

"You are two Men," he went on, sneer- ingly; "you said so only just now. , I even think Mr. Grant went so far as to admit you were -not kids,' if I caught the words aright th•ne,ugli the door, -did you not,/ Mr. Grant?" -Grant did not speak, but his grey face told of mortal terror.

"Never mind," went on the other, "silence gives consent. And you, James Thornton, what of your catechism of my conduct? A hundred thousand dollars from the bullion car and only fifty thousand whacked out, as you so vulgarly term it. Well, do we not pay the master mind fifty per cent.? Do I not plan these schemes.? Is it not my brain which conceives them? Does the private soldier get the pay of the General in command? No. Well, no more do you. You are but privates, and poor ones at that, but you shall be paid. Yes, by Heaven you shall, and this time yea will net grumble at your reward, for your wages shall -be paid in full to-night, now, once for all. • Men who threaten, me do not live to carry out that threat. Do you remem- ber Sam Hankey? He thought as you did. ! I see you do. Well, that should have given you food for reflection before making your rash resolves." ,

The man " addressed as James Thornton essavr.d to speak, but his tongue, clove to his mouth, and when he did manage to stutter out a sound it re2olved itself in the one word "Mercy." Before the man Grant could utter a protest. the One-eyed Man whipped peculiar - locking pistol from his pocket, pointed it at Thornton, pressed' the trigger, and the man fell dead. There was no smoke, no noise it waS an absolutely silent death. The murderer turned to • Grant, who had watched, horror-struck.

" What dPvilry is this? Is he dead? No, he be," he cried. "He is, unfortunately. Mr. Grant: but there is no devilry. This pistol is simply an ingenious invention of my own. It is on the pneumatic isystem of compressed air, so to speak, and has the advantage, as- you have just seen', 'of being absolutely silent." "You will not shoot me? .Spare me wailed Grant in an agony of terror, but he might have snoken to the wall, for almest un- noticed; so diabolical was ,the mechanism of the weapon, the One-eyed Man again fired, and Grant spun round and fell in' a heap be- side the body of the other man.

The One-eyed Man went throve:li their pockets silently and swiftly, trAing only papers and letters, so as to leave no clue to their identity. . Then, goinir, to the mirror, he took something from a small box in his pocket, and inserted it in his em»fy eye-socket. When he turned from the glass he was no longer the One-eyed Man. He had noiv two eyes: and it would have taken a clever detective to know him for the same man. Then he put on a moustache with sow spirit Ll' , 1111 a silently left the house with .its dreadful secret.

An hour brought him to another house, on .the borders of Notting-hill. This time. he knocked, and the door ~vas opened by a man who greeted him cordially. ";`1" got your wire at •Liverpool'' : remarked the One-eyed Man, after the door lOW .been closed ; " and, thanks. to your information that James was very had. T called to see him, . awl found friend Grant v'q•v bad. so bad: that, as on. said, there was hope for him." "Go on." said the other. eagerly. " They would both have sold you to the malice."

The One-eyed Man smiled grimly you remember Sam " Great Scott ! yes," niui the oilier. 1 " Well, James has died. There was no hope, as you said. Things had gone too far, and, .fortunately. Grant is dead also."

'" Good -heavens ! that's ciniek.h " The ease nt:eilf-Al iipmediate- attention. my

frieVl. New to business. Have you got au the details for the,next coup?" "They're here,"- replied the other; and e4a the One-eyed Man leant over the papers he said: " Now for the first deed that will make the London Police aware that a smarter man than they ever met is amongst them!"

I.—THE EAST ANGLIAN BANK ROBBERY. The scene of the events here related was the east coast of England. In a small, straggling village not more than six miles from a railway centre, the occupants of a small room, two in number, were conning a cyclist's road map of the district. They were the One-eyed Man and his lieutenant, who went by the name of " Greaser " among the gang, from some trace of Mexican blood in him; but in the village he was known by the more euphonious name of Rowlands T. Rowlandi, The -One-eyed Man's cognomen was Henry Macassdr- They had been 'lodging • in Shering- .

ham for four t-veeks, ostensibly fOt health arid pleasure. With little excursions, fishing on the Broads, and other mild pursuits, such as sketching, they whiled away the daylight hours, whilst night saw them in the sanctity .of their bedroom scanning, by the aid of an oil 'lamp, the contour of the coast, and the roads therefrom. On the night in question they were com- pleting the details of their plan, and , were poring over the map, when the One-eyed Man spoke abruptly. "l-Te'e's the spot," he said, pointing with his finger to • a dot on the coast. His lieutenant, leaning over his left shoul- der, read " Cley." ! "That's it," continued the One-eyed Man.; ; "nice and quiet, and a good road through to Holt and Fakenham, and so on to Peterboro'. Good road to double back on Norwich or : through to London.. Are the tyres all right?" "Right as the mail," said the other. "Well, . to-morrow night the Submarine , will lie off Cloy, and we shall ship on her the proceeds of our robbery of the East Anglian Bank in Norwich easily in an hour, barring ! accident. to the Panhard. I fix the time for beginning operations at 3.30 p.m." "Great snakes! - Broad daylight ! " almost yelled the lieutenant. The One-eyed Man looked coldly at him. ," I'm afraid, Greaser, you have got to learn that my method of procedure differs somewhat from that of the common or garden indivi- dual who prowls round with a dark lantern and a jemmy." , • "Oh, I knew you -were a clinker at the game, Boss; but' whoever cracks a crib then? And a bank at that! Why, the clerks will be there!" "They will not, for the bank shuts at three, and most of them go almost upon the stroke. But, granted one or two are left, they will be your especial charge, Mr. Greaser." "I suppose, Boss, you do not mind 'inform- ing me how you purpose proceeding; I am thick-headed enough to be totally in the dark." The ,One-eyed Man, smiled through his thin lips almost pityingly at the Greaser, who sat opposite to him. You poor fool," he .said—" you poor fool! ,I doubt if I shall ever make a master of you. And yet I had hopes" —and again he smiled upon him. "Do you tnk I am going to throw La dynamite bomb on the bank, or what ? " "I tell you I don't know," growled the other suddenly, with red temper showing dully on his cheek—an indication the One-eyed Man noted, for a quarrel with the Greaser on the eve of a big haul was not to be thought of. He hastened to conciliate him. "Listen, my friend," he said. "I have here ,a list of the names of the leading directors of the bank, and the first and fdre- most is that of its chairman, Lord Amberstone. To-morrow afternoon, about two o'clock, go to the manager and deliver a note, asking him to accompany you to the Maid's Head Hotel at 2.30 to Meet the chairman upon im- portant business. He is a new .manager. and does not know Lord Amberstone personally. I rely Upon that for the success of my scheMe. You will conduct 'him te me in my private room, and, still in the character of my ser- vant, you will await my order. The Sub- marine has instructions to be off Cley at 7 p.m. The skipper—Bresci, the Italian—will land in a patent collapsible boat, and meet us a little to, the westward of the Roeket. Tower on the I beach. He will hide the boat in the scrubby grass that lies alongside and wait for us at the back of the huge sea-wall of -stones. We meet -him with the stuff in our motor, stow it aboard, and there you are 1" I"You forget the coastguard," said the Greaser. I do not," • said the Onereyed Man, sharply. "I ask You, am I in . the habit of ' forgetting things like that? He does not go to his rounds till nearly eight o'clock. Haven't we been moth-hunting in that beastly marsh for weeks only to ascertain the time of his rounds? We take the motor down'. the toad to the Rocket Station, and there you are ! " "Well, the plan should answer," said the Greaser in reply. "Any way, I'm on. 'Now let's Igo to bed.- By the way, what do you expect I to get in the way of boodle?" "Well, I reckon on twenty thousand I pounds in hard cash. Is that decent enough, Mr. Greaser?" The Greaser did not answer, but smiled Ihugely. . The next afternoon, at the appointed time, a smart servant handed' in a note for the mana- ger of the East Anglian Century Bank, and that gentleman, upon seeing n the distinguished sig- nature at the foot, viz., "Amberstone." hastened without demur to accompany thei messenger to the Maid's , Head Hotel, where Ihe Was ushered into . his " lordship's " pre- sence. His "lordship " was a perfect type of I an old country gentleman; his white mous- tache, florid face, closely-cropped beard, and I dark eyes making a striking picture. • "Au ! " he - said, Plea 4antly, "you aro Mr.—Mr. " ".Curtis, my lord," 1,0,t in the other. " Curtis, the manager of the bank: Well, Mr. Curtis, you have no doubt heard of the Amberstone pearls—priceless heirlooms?" The manager bowed. "It is my intention to give a garden party at my place here in Norfolk, and Lady Amber- stone desired me to bring the jetvels from London- so that she might wear them in the evening. I have done so, and, not wishing to Irun any unnecessary -risk, I wish you to place them in your safe until the day, of the garden pay." "With pleasure. my lord. I—" "Pardon me, Mr. Curtis, but. my fads as to the precautions for the safety of my pearls are great. You know sometimes, try how you will. the fact leaks out that they are here or there, and then there is' trouble. Three times, Mr. Curtis, have there been attempts to steal them. You will not wonder, therefore, at me-

VOU

anxiety." - "My lord, it is only natural." "Now, Mr. Curtis, you close at three, do • you not?" my lord." ' "Is it possible to bring my motor into the i private yard at the rear of your ,prerni,,'s about 3.15, and for you to take 71e. to Istrong-room, that I.:. may myself see placed in the safe? The jewel-erti_-cs are en- closed in two strong despatch boxes. My ser- ,vant will carry .them.'' • "It is a trifle irr?;,__,,nls,, my lord,. but—" " Tut, tut, Mr. Curti:.; the board will cer- tainly not censure you for obliging its chair- man." - "I am in your hands,. my lord," said the manager, obsequiously. not dating for the moment to run counter to the 'wishes of his "head." "Well, Mr. Curtis, you may return .un prepare, if•you will, the receipt for two jeWel- eases, and I will be there shortly. By the way, I do not want a lot of obtrUsive el,)rirs 'hear; you know my anxiety for the safety of the jewels, Mr. Curtis." -" They will be gone, my‘lord. is the quiet season, and' we are not busy. The bank will be practically shut, except, of course, for the porter. He will be sweeping up, so that You will not be subject to any notice, nor tan ihey talk outside about your visit, my lord." "That as my point ,exactly, Mr. CUrtis. It is through the idle .chatter of clerks that things one wishes kept secret become public property." "You need' have no fear, my lord.' "Thank. you, Mr. Curtis." and he bowed the manager out. Promptly, at the time appointed. a smart • motor conlaining "my lord and his confi- dential 'servant drove into, the private ;:ard belonging to the bank.. His lordship was mag- . nificently attincd in. a fur coat—for it was

WHY SHOULD 1 60 To RICHMOND JONES &SONS for a Piano? BECAUSE they will supply you with the best instrument in the trade at thelowest price. HERE IS A LINE.

Beautiful Walnut or Rosewood PIANOFORTE, Artistic marqueterie panel, iron Mime, check action, full compass, celeste pedal, brass sconces. 106 PER MONTH. 21 GUINEAS NET CASH. UNEQUALLED IN THE TRADE. HERE IS ANOTHER LINE. Handsome AMERICAN ORGAN, Bright polished case, bevelled mirror top, music receptacle and knee swel/,'5,/- per month. S GUINEAS NET CASH. NOTHING LIKE IT AT THE PRICE ELSEWHERE. OLD INSTRUMENTS TAKEN IN EXCHANGE. Write or better still call for illustrated art Catalogue W FUZEE ON APPLICATION.

RICHMOND JONES & SONS, 11 & 13 Berry St., LIVERP9OL. (Top of BOLD ST,)

===== 0002601_19070427_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
A YORKSHIRE CASE. Interesting Evidence.

Mr. S. Wilshaw, Ribble Bank, Settle, writes :—" You will be glad to know that Veno's Seaweed Tonic has worked wonders in my case, For the last two years I suffered very much with pain after eating, My stomach was so weak that I could not eat solid food, I lost a great deal of strength and flesh, and was not able to work. I had taken all kinds of medicine; doctors gave up trying to cure me. It was a happy day for me when I started taking Veno's Seaweed Toni; after the first week the pains were relieved, also the wind. I began to relish my food, and gradually got stronger; now I feel myself cured and able to work."

Veno's Seaweed Tonic, cures ,the worst and most obstinate cases of stomach, liver and kidney diseases. Doctors use it; and for puity, medicinal activity and all-round potency it has not its equal anywhere. Price one-&-three-half-penco and two-Sr-nine, at chemists everywhere.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
The Smart Capture at Croft.

At the Liverpool Quarter Sessions on Tuesday, for breaking into the warehouse of George "Lawson, at Southworth-with-Croft, on the 12th inst., and stealing a quantity of. brass and other articles, John Taylor, 28, and Samuel-Warburton, labourers, were sent to gaol for three months. P.C. Butler's arrest of the prisoners was particularly smart. On seeing him approach in uniform prisoners made off. The officer thereupon borrowed a plain coat and cap and cycled after the men who again attempted to elude him, but unsuccessfully.

. 4. The Flannel Petticoat.—The fashionable woman • • now-a-days would scorn to possess a garment so anti- A BABY PLAINTIFF. quatedas the flannel petticoat. Thenearest approach to A girl of V: years, named Hannah Williams was this one-time very necessary article of attire is the Petticoat of nun's veiling, which is usually trimmed awarded -010 damages against Jr. J. Haward March, a school teacher at Llangefni on Tuesday. The defend- with two or three flounces each one edged with colon' ed batiste. Then there are the more elaborate petticoats ant's cycle knocked the baby down and fractured her leg. of pongee silk, lined with voile, these being trimmed BOY "HOUSEMAIDS." with narrow flounces of the silk, edged and inserted Housemen and houseboys are being introduced with with Valencienne laPe. Whether as a lining for the great success in houses in Melbourne to alleviate the " divided underskirts" or as a patticoat,tbere is nothing domestic servant problem. Boys, it ,is fon.id, work of course, to equal flannel, from a warmth-giving point more quickly than girls, and their wages range from 10s. of view, but next on the list comes the more modish to 12s. weekly.

le A • 1] Ai FAMT ILE 4'l LYSIS

UNABLE TO STAND.

- t. A teii:it gt -4 - , 01. 4r, 41; tff 4 ; 1.111.1111111.11

,-...i.,$.::::::,:::::.....i.::::::::::.*::::::::::::::::::::::.:•:•;:•:,..f.:::::::::::::::;:i ',1:•.,•:::::::::::*•':. ~,,,,, ,:r.:,:,.:"...::::::::•••••,:::::•::::,,::::,,,::::: :;K:5ilim:::::5::?,,i,:::::::: : '.::',....:E:'. ': •K:*:::'::::::::::::::.:':::: 3r.§::•,.i:::.::::,:i-,:",; ~,:.:::,,,,,:::.•'•.:::: ••::::•Kii.if:::§i•:::i. ri,,:.:...:..:3::,(.,i,:i..,.;„,,....:...: ....,.....;.........,:....i.:ii„, ..(.....„.:,..... :.,...,::::::::::,:•:„i . • ...,..4„...,:::....„,...:, 1:11:::::4..,,,m•,..,,,i,:,4%,...•..,.:..:..i:.!::5i....iii,i1 11::::.1:::..i.„.,..::;.•,.:,:ni.„... ..,:i.....:...,,,41 .:::::::*„...:,..;:..........,...„.•......:.......,..:%,,,:::. i:::::::,::::::„„,•:,....4,:.,......:::.::::::::::„:10v:: 0:..::::.:....:.]4,41R-i.:,..:....;.,.........;i?....1..t..i.i.i....::::4:..ii:: 4:.,x.....:.,....,,‘,..it..,,i1...t..0,41,,...,..,....-.,i,..„,,.....: ..i...,,,:,„.,:k......,...„),....„.,,..4.....F.........4*,,>:.,:i: :, i..,;;iiti* isi*::o,4fr•:.-.. V`i:oo, •,....f.,; -.l—. *.f.f., 40,...:-.. ~,....4 .t • t ~.,,,t-L,..-•-.4,-,....47h.......:1,1:::.,:c. • ~,,,,...0.,,ci . ....,

===== 0002601_19070427_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
November—and looked the aristocrat from the crown of his fashionable motor-cap to the soles of his American boots. His lieutenant, the Greaser, rang the bell, but his arrival ,haci been noted, for before nis hand was . away from the button the obsequious manager was smiling at the door. I" Tins way, my lord," he said, " this way," and the bogus Lord Amberstone stepped in, following by the lieutenant, carrying the - two: cases.

Arrived at the strong-room, the manager swung open the massive door. At the same moment the Greaser dropped the boxes, and seized the unsuspecting manager from behind. The One-eyed Man .promptly clapped a chloroform „sponge against his mouth and nose. There was a convulsive struggle; but the Greaser had a grip of iron, and held the manager like a vice for a moment or two, when his struggles ceased.

I "Let go.:' said the One-eyed Man, and the inanimate form of the ' manager was laid in- side the room with another pad over his mouth for safety. . " Quick. now Greaser ' Slip two or three boxes, in the cases." The :sham jewel-boxes e opened, and the Greaser transferred two of the bank cash- boxes, filled with coin of the realm, into one, while the One-eyed Man rapidly transferred a couple more to the other. Then, staggering under the weight, the Greaser started for daylight and' the ear, while the One-eyed Man kept watch and ward. The Greaser had reached the passage leading to the outside door when the porter came in sight. "Is your " were the only words the latter spoke, for the Greaser, like his master, did not stop at trifles, neither did he leave anything to chance. • The each was dropped upon the floor, and silently that diabolical air pistol did its work. Without even a groan, the wretched man sank upon the floor. The Greaser callously pushed the body on one side, and, picking up the box, continued his interrupted course,. deposited his cash in the secret chamber of the ear, - and returned.

wer

" Anything to report?" said the One-eyed Man.

"Met the porter, Boss." " Well ? "

" Dropped him as per instructions." " Good ! Take these now, and I will bring two more. Thirty thousand in cash is not bad."

The Greas.er did as he was bid, and then the One-eyed Man shut the doors of the strong-room vaults, and the locks snapped with a vicious click. The Greaser stopped.

Boss," he said—" Boss !" " Well? "

"Good Heavens! Boss, there's that poor beggar inside. When he comes round, he'll die like a rat in a trap."

The One-eyed Man's voice was metallic in 3 hardness.

"Greaser," he said, "be pleased to allow me a free hand. My plans, my deals, My work are the products of my 'brain, and I Now

allow no man to silence !" ," But, Boss-"

question

me.

"Shut up!" hissed the One-eyed Man. "Isn't thirty thou' good enough for you? And you've got the porter on your own shoulders."

The Greaser said no more. 3Vithout the slightest obstruction, and unquestioned by a soul, they started the motor-car out of the bank yard and turned into, the main street of the city, then, making for tke Aylshain-road,' disappeared in the fog of the dull November' afternoon. The whole thing had only taken fifteen minutes to carry out, and the clock at the Guildhall shewed only 3.40 as they slipped by in the car. It was ex.actly an hour and ten minutes afterwards that the Rocket Station at Salhouse beach came into sight. and a rural policeman's heart beat with joy for between Cromer and Sheringham they were booked for exceeding the speed limit; but, needless to. add. the Cromer Bench were short .of a de- fendant when the case was eventually called. Salthouse was deserted, an as the ear with its lights out slipped down the roadway over the marsh. to the sea, it was as a place of the dead. As they reached the station the car was brought to a standstill, and a man sprang Up. gave a signal that the Boss answered, and then the boxes were carried into the Berthon boat and transhipped to the Submarine. The One-eyed Man and the Greaser went aboard, and two members of the crew, totally different in build and dress, took their places in the motor and drove it back to London. Mean- while, the Submarine disappeared under the waves and sailed for her secret moOring- place. The next morning, not Norfolk alone, but the whole of England rang with the news of the crime; but to the perpetrators there was absolutely no clue. But the huge haul by no4means satisfied the cupidity of the One-eyed Man. Nor would his vaulting ambition permit him to rest content with his ill-gotten but ample gains. He craved' for notoriety, no matter how unenviable, and so, long before the British public and the police had ceased to wonder at the audacity of the Norwich Bank Robbery, he sent a thrill of horror through the country by an even more astounding exploit.

[Next week: "THE AFFAIR OF THE SP3CIII VAN." another amazing adventure of the One-eyed Man.]

James Ramsey, aged thirty-two, a married man, of 2G, Hope-street, St. Helens, who fell downstairs on Satur- day, died on Tuesday morning.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t7L CZ, drra 471 VE

===== 0002601_19070427_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW BOOKS, MAGAZINES,

ETC.

, Some time aram the question was raised "Why is -- -- Mrs. Humphry Ward considered one of the most popular novelists of the day ?" My object in this THE RANELAGH CLUB. article is to combat the notion that she is popular, to ' The opening feature of the May number of "Fry's estimate her position in the "World of Letters " and Magazine "is a most interesting article by Mr. A. to offer sOme reasons for it. A. Scotsman, it is often Sidney Galtrey on Ranelagh. The author traces the said, answers a question by asking another. lam history of the famous club from the earliest times,. and not a Scotsman, but I am tempted to adopt the subtle gives an intimate survey of the scope of its administrl- . .expedient. which. is populaily set down as the character- tion at the present day. Captain T. H. Browne contri- S k " Iwhat istic of the cautious cot, and to as n se,nse, 'butes a valuable article on the" Bruce-Lowe Theories" US applied to the breeding of horses. The system— is Mrs. Hurrip,hry Ward declared to be 'p )pular ?' which may be regarded to some extent as the science of A " popular ' author, I take it, is one whose works successful horse breeding—is based on the theory of appeal to all classes and not merely to a section of heredity applied to facts gathered from the pedigrees the public. I am not inclined to admit that Mrs. Of many celebrated horses. James Braid, the open,gol;f Ward is an author of this type: The publication of , champion, writing on the subject of 'Abnormal Stances,' her principal book, "Robert Elsmere did, unques- ' gives valuable instruction to golfers who have . - , tionabiy, create a stir in the religions world, which " • " • .' Passed the preliminary stages of learning. Golf players will also be interested in a careful caused the book to, be very widely read, and much investigation by Mr. Henry Leach of the principles of more widely talked about. Her later books have had a golf ball's flight. He arrives, among other points, at a considerable vogue, no doubt, according to their a scientific conclusion as to the precise amount of several interests but that Mrs. Ward as a novelist is underspun which is required to get the best possible "popular "—taking the Word in the generally accepted results from .a drive. A third golfing feature, entitled, sense —I am not persuaded. " Golf Personalities," by A. C. M. Croome, deals with the characteristics of Mr. H. S.. Colt, Mr. Mure Fergus- Though the word " popular" seems to me to be son, Mr. V. A. Pollock, Mr. W. Herbert Fowler, and misused in reference to Mrs.. Humphry Ward, lam Others. The article is illustrated with caricature por- very ready tp adroit that her novels are acceptable to traits by Mr. Charles Ambrose. The Editor contributes many readers; but these, I venture think, an article written from the inside point of view on tbe belong to the superior class of fiction- coming cricigt season, in which many interesting points lovers, to the cultured 'few, rather than to the are brought out regarding the probable strength of the •areat mass of readers for whom the really " popular " various counties and universities. The fiction maintains '' a novelist writes. The latter's audience, broadly speak- i its usual high standard, notab:e features being a aumorous story by Mr. J. Blundell Barrett, and an ng,consists of the homely, unambitious and unreflective animal story by Mr, Bertram Atkey. K. and Elesketh readers who are susceptible to the fascinations of the Pritchard also contribute an excellent instalment of sensational story. But those for whom Mrs. Ward their serial, " Heronhaye." writes are not so easily satisfied; for it is pre-eminently CRICKET DEBUTANTS. to the intellectual and serious minded amongst us The May "Captain," in addition to lengthy instal- that she appeals. They want something more sub- meats stantial than a detective story, or an account of the, 'of two new serials—" The Fatal List, a story of tbe French Revolution, by Herbert Hayens ; and vicissitudes of the ordinary love-story, and they are I " Je.ckson Junior," a public school story with cricket not disappointed. The plot may be some very ordinary I rn its chief interest, by P. G. Wodehouse—contains cracurrence in life's history, for the success of an _Ur excellent short stories, viz., "Turning the Tables,,, author does not depend so much on the intricacy of stosy describing how a steamship captain obtained the plot; it is in the characters that we must look ,u? upper hand of his owner, by Captain F. H. Shaw; " a charming natural study of a 4 Duel in the Deep' for the signs of the author's greatness. Here lies the ttle royal betaveen a polar bear and a narwhal, by I.' secret of Mrs. Ward's power; her every effort seems aa Charles G. D. Roberts; "A Quiet Nap," an exciting to be used in the portrayal of character, its terrible account of a race with a negro thief, by Percy Austin; struggles and ultimate triumph or failure. akild "The Egg Collectors," an amusing account of There has been much discussion and there still lue tactics resorted to by schoolboy aspirants exists much diversity of opinion, on the subject of .or an ornithological prize. The articles are as "the novel with a purpose" and as to whether it instructive as they are topical, and include one from the Pen of Dr. W. G. Grace, entitled, " London Countyhigh dd f t the old-fashioned reaches as a sta ar o art as le udbutants," which deals with famous cricketers who novel with "the old, old story." Seeing that almost have made their debut in matches for the London County all Dickens works are "novels with a purpose," and ~,Cricket Club ; "Renovating the Old Cycle," by the considering their phenomenal popularity, I do not ',Ming Editor; "Seasonable Hints," by the Photo- think it is necessary, at this time, to apologise for, or graphic Editor; "New Stamp Countries," an article of defend, works of this kind. At any rate, all Mrs. !liecial interest to young collectors, by the Philatelic Ward's earlier books could justly be included under Editor; and "The History of the Circus?" the first of a series about circus life, written from the inside. There" ' perfectly manifest; this head, their "purposes being are also " Naturalists' " and " Chess " Corners, and a and although. in the later ones, the purpose may not Welcome little springtide homily by the" Old Fag." be quite so conspicuous, and may, indeed, be less definite, it is, I believe, still there. GREEN TEA. It seems to be Mrs. Humphry Ward's special mission From among the host of sixpenny novels now being in the world—so far as any mortal can have a mission in issued, a series which, by its very excellence, stands out it all—not to delight IC d with idyllic l t • man io wi love-stories, ones, distinct from all others is Newnes' Sixpenny novels. In this series, which is characterised by the singular nor to produce " smart " novels, but to reveal the inner Charm of its artistic covers and beautiful illustrations, lives of men and women of rare character and sensi- -413(1 general excellence of production, there are close Nifty, their hopes and fears, their alternate moods of liPo n 120 splendid novels,. by authors who are in the aspiration and despair, their failings and mistakes. _very front rank of Present-day writers, and whose names In the immortal words of the poet, ".to hold as it 7:.household words.—The latest volume " Green were, the mirror up to natnre ;to show virtue her own t" which we have just received, is by that brilliant 11, feature, scorn her own image and the 'very age and lsb. novelist, J. S. Lo Fanu, whose stories are very lunch in the vein of Edgar Allen Poe,and which by many body of the time his form and pressure." This is her critics have been declared to suffer nothing by cornpari- art, in which she is undoubtedly a past-master. f'..°ll With even Poe himself. Mr. Le Fanu possessed in To do this effectually, to "hold the mirror up to 'a_rx extraordinary degree the faculty of fixing and hold- nature" with any success, it is necessary, of course, lilig the attention of his readers from start to finish, and that the scenes amid which the story is laid should e'a!s quite certain that whoever commences one of the not be entirely unknown ; that the times in which it is rernelv powerfully written stories in this volume will supposed to occur should be of interest to thoughtful ,t1;lc, kIY find traces f the work of a master mind, and find their attention of riveted upon the enthralling men and women. In almost every instance Mrs. Ward .I.`i,`l, awe-inspiring situations delineated with so much has seized on some great and striking movement of "bY Mr. Ls Faun. our time pregnant with promise for the future, to arrest the imaginations of her readeirs, as the revolu- tion., FLOATING GOLD MINE. Th 6 ittion. in religious thought and feeling; the eaeitia nlay "Wide World Magazine ." opens. wi „ *th an • rise of what is called the "new power "in politics; .cb,a ng, story of journalistic enterprise, entitled, A or she has made the chief feature of her story the in- ih the Clouds," and narrating how a young n, h•—r`, er, detailed to write up a balloon ascent, followed .compatibility between the ideal and the human, as the cis quarry into mid-air. Perhaps the most extraordinary clash of the artistic spirit with the claims or every day woltiltributiou in the number is 'A Floating Gold-Mine, life; always some great human interest which shows forie h deals with an eccentric American millionaire who man in his most tragic and most spiritual aspects, and va,icality years has made his home on a palatial steam these Mrs Ward treats with the deepest sympathy 3''c ht moored in an Essex river, occupying himself with that fellowship can command. With them are always giving away large s of money to casual applicants Who b • y .ums. esetge his vessel in boats! The "Wide World Picture Tour this month embraces Australia and New long and intimate acquaintance, those common experi- Zealand, the hundred charming photographs reproduced ences of humankind—dove in all its beauty and its giving one a vivid idea of these colonies. • The depth, birth with all its mystery, its pain and its hope, Haunted Stable" is a delightfully "creepy " story, with death with all its imperishable longing, its bitterness a very unexpected ending; and "The Runaway Steamer," and its despair—experiences which, though as old as 'Queer Fixes," and" A Brush with Cannibals" provide elf, time its are yet ever new. Sometimes the form !first-clans reading, Amon,' Vie articles we may mention i' , • The Land of the Vendetta," "On the Frontier in chosen s tile history of the growth of the fluctua- -0 • .Central Africa," and "Through the United States on tions in a rare and sensitive man's religious relief, as Bicycles." The number contains over two hundred in" Robert Elsmere." Sometimes it is the portrayal Pictures and photographs, and not a single dull page. of the perplexities, the heart-searchings, the trials, and ELEPHANT CATCHING IN INDIA. withal, the abiding faith of the Social Reformer, as in. "Marcella " and "Sir George Tressady." Sometimes Among the many interesting features in the May ."- a • - • ' • • a • - it is a real human document, a revelation of the bitter ~Windsor is a finely illustrated article entitled "The falePhant Catchers," in which the writer thus prefaces and terrible struggles of the intellect and the will :3 scene ;—" It is growing chilly, for it is December— with nature and the world, as in" David Grieve" . elephant season. The stirring night breeze lifts the •and " Helbeck of Bannisdale." Z!tour of unclean tobacco and cooking dall from many But Whatever the form, the aim seems ever the 3Jttles along banks, where every red flame flickers on same, the delineation and analysis of character ; to tntlige dark faces and turbans and shining torsos. On portray its incessant warfare with those dark and ,z ~least malarioir hillock there are tents luminous- ad The Sahibs are there—clever men whose trade unyielding forces we call heredity and environment; 14,, li, llarin g white elephants, a herd at a time. Petersen and to SLUM that although they may be often faint a-4: lb isihere—theman Who made elephant catching an and obs Cure, there are yet evidences that the Divine -Lk India. Wisdom is purifying man by eliminating from his ara,_Outside the tent-flaps sit the dozen fierce, bearded nature those brutal instincts which cling so tenaciously sh"narnmedan riflemen in gigantic turbans andcurled-up to him and drag him down, so often, to the mire ; r,l,?,es, smoking water pipes, through grimy funnels of that although his progress may be slow, with many se:.'Lh- Among the tent-ropes are the Bengal body- haltings and turnings he is ever drawing nearer to a , ba&l'ants, guarding tin clothes-boxes, gun-cases, string s , . s".4cis, blankets. When they would have put them to Divine Ideal, of which we have, perhaps, a dim fore- habuts, the great Petersen Sahib drove them out, that shadowing; that in all the sordid realities of life, irt and his English aide, Dennis Sahib, might talk with its tragedies and its miseries,there is vet discernible a A;?r All, the Mohammedan Jemadar—the overseer. Nur "soul of goodness," something that will endure beyond 1, 'a travelled ahead of the elephants to-day; Nur Ali the transient hour; and that, as Wordsworth says, .I_tsbeen across the river and in the jungle beyond with ! it is "e tr 0, acaers. Perhaps he has seen the wild herd there.' Enough, if something from our hands have power h:Le, inimam Baksh ! Cease cooking ; the Sahibs will .To live, and act, and serve the future hour. 'ye no thought of ducks and curry till the jackals go I to be& And if, as toward the silent tomb we go .a Through love through hope, and faith's transcendant Inside, Nur Ali tall, brown all beard and turban row . dower ' „ white-looped robes tells his tale. Sitting on char- ,We feel that we are greater than we know. Vs, the Englishmen listen. In a corner squats the i Whether or not Mrs. Ward is quite successful in aster tracker—keen, frowsy little man, who can weave 1 . . . Strange, this, it is not my object to discuss, though for my own stories from wet leaves and bent twigs. - Nur ali says, in Urdu: 'We have found the wild part, I may say that I think he is not. But failure tord in the foresabut three miles hence. Bear witness, here does not diminish by day means the charm, of racker. A lordly head, as the trackers said days ago, , her writings, which is quite independent of the sound- s''mhihs• Fifty and one in all—twenty-five he-elephants, , ness of her views—religious or social. Of, izvhich seven are tuskers and kooeriahs—kings of 1 i This aim alone, however, is not sufficient to ensure sZ, rs—and eighteen mucknas, without tusks, and : that measure of acceptability which Mrs. Ward has a`"eergas, third-raters. Twenty-four she-elephants there "re, also, and but two calves. The herd does not wander I undoubtedly attained, and so deservedly. There is tar, and good men watch. To-morrow, in truth, the ' something more, though of less importance, required 241 e mav begin, Allah willing—saving the Sahib's than aim to produce enthusiasm in her audience, as Presence. she nce. ' I she has most certainly done, and that' something' is a The May "Windsor Magazine" is a notable Spring . I venture to think, what I may call ' brilliance of .;',ora ber containing complete stories by lan Maclaren, execution.' The musician may have the most laud- a.cer ceval Gibbon, Owen Oliver, W. Samerset IViaugham , able intentions in the world ; he may justly appre- 21d other clever novelists, in addition to a large instal- ci ate the niceties of expression and such like in a `u.i. ent of Max Pemberton's fascinating new story, "The ""OeStar," Maarten Maartens writes characteristically , composition, but if he lack a facility of expression that 0„.11 the" Dutch Farmer." Some seventeen pictures by . may, without exaggeration, be called ' brilliant,' he John A. Lomax are finely produced, and one of the , will have but little chance of stirring the hearts of an 'utost popular is given as a special frontispiece plate. ' i exacting public. Technique is not much in itself: i i ; but t attracts, and the real beauties of the music can i "BOYS' LIFE." ' be seen to a far greater extent than is possible when e are not at all surprised to learn from the the performance is marred by technical flaws. As Publisbers.that the first number of this excellent penny wAeekly was a most distinct and remarkable success.— with the artist in music, so with the artist in fiction. 'rsoug the more prominent features of the second In the necessary technique of literature, Mrs. Ward is 113oraber are the three flue serials," Fighting Greyhouse " an expert. Nothing is slovenly, nothing is tame ; ~,,,_/10 H. S. Warren Bell, a rattling good story of public there are no jars and discords to distract and annoy.l .„.." 01 life in which the boys are real boys and not One feels instinctively that it is the work of a -.ere ' ~ I .sa__, Puppets; The Rebel Cadets," by Charles Glleig,a thoroughly skilled craftswoman. 1 Secret story of the training ship Britannia; and" The It is by. no means an easy matter to decide whether of the Sandhills,"by Francis Marlowe,a romantic Story t a novel is as helpful and real, or whether it is of pirates and buried treasure. I artistically as fine, when it ends happily as when A ROMANCE OF LONDON JOURNALISM. - tragically. There is something so artificial, so unlife- Never has t hi,,,. . she world of modern journalism been more like about the happy ending, something so opposed to L_ ',Folly and vividly described than by Mr. William the facts as we know them, that one almost expects a N‘r...a.tueux in his new and powerful novel, "As It Was really fine novel to end tragically. At least, forittoo," which commences in the issue of " Tit-Bits "m— -r April 27. rs. Ward would appear to think so, for

A choice of Cocoa

Either the most nutritious and strength-giving

vr, 0,) • •I, ". 4*.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
r.„„vv-5,,,, Ir~

Grateful—Comforting.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
r.e4 "r# •,,h, 'l4 T\

A delicious drink and a sustaining food.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
•,,,Ale, toy- ..**.t.,„ :,:•--,k; 51 if:172,11 , ,10,1 0,1, • 4,.. „ „, ~, 6, 4sl, • : 1.5 ~c • ~,,,r7- t iv * ..., :-., aii&l^ -,•., /1' -,i'7 k:.;::. • • • ,!, er -,1 --1%, .p .. , 4 4._ A : ~.,: •• 4., ~,, ~, ••,•.:" .r .

Welcome at any boor of the day.

in her books tragedy seems certainly' to predomin- ate. And this, I cannot but think,c is a sign of I her greatness. She *does not • please the taste of the superficial reader who likes a book in which the characters are those of the child's fairy tale, and "live happily ever afterwards." She draws from life, and must perforce draw as she sees it. She certainly does not see that life is an unmixed blessina. It has some terribly bitter aspects and Mrs. Ward (roes not hesitate to picture them in.all their native hideousness. Her characters are living beings like ourselves, breathing the same air that we breathe, enduring the same hard- ships that we endure, bearing the same sorrows that we bear and hoping the same great hopes that we hope. It is this very likeness to life, this absolute truthfulness to her model that is so great an attrac- tion in Mrs. Ward,that raises hek above almost all her ; contemporaries and that accounts for that measure of acceptability which is termed, and as I hold I incorrectly, her " popularity." ..11-,FttED WARD PERRIS.

A

===== 0002601_19070427_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
MRS. HUAIPHRY WARD.

to suit your taste. Or, a lighter and thinner drink, refreshing and stimulating.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TEMPERANCE QUEZA.

CHILDREN'S FESTIVAL AT WARRINGTON.

The time-honoured custom of crowning the AI ly Queen is not numbered amongst Warrington's recurring festivals, but its place is taken by a ceremony—the crowning of the temperance Queen whice is equally attractive and enjoyable. It is. some years since a union of the Band of Hope Societies in the town embarked upon so ambitious an undertaking, but from the first the success of the venture was assured, and there is now no question of its annual repetition. The inception of the scheme was greeted with remarkable enthusiasm in local temperance circles, and its continuance has led to a re-awakening of interest in the work of the Bands of Rope, and particularly amongst the members of the juvenile sections, and in the enlistment of the active sympathies of the children in the cause of temperance, its pro- moters achieve that which constitutes their primary object. Whilst the welfare of the children is the first consideration, a double success is to be recorded, as in striving after the one a spectacular display of an unusually attractive character is presented. This year the Temperance Queen was crowned on Wednes- day, the ceremony attracting a crowded audience to the Parr Hall, and all were splendidly entertained. _

Prompt to time, and to martial strain; from Master T. Barton's juvenile orchestra, the children in character costumes and headed by a diminutive minion of the law marched in processional order across the stage and round the body of the hall, prior to taking up their positions on the platform. There was an extensive variety of character represented ranging from a slave driver to a pompous ecclesiastical dignitary ; fairies, heroes and heroines of childrens' nursery rhymes and stories, Morris dancers, jolly Jack tars,—all were in- cluded and as they proceeded across the stage lime- light effects heightened the attractiveness of the spectacle. The appearance of the retiring queen (Miss Jessie Ellison) wearing her robes of State and carrying her insignia of office was the signal for an outburst of applause but it was rather unfortunate that the Queen elect (Miss Minnie Whitmore) who was of course the leading character of the evening wore no distinctive emblems and consequently did not receive the homage of her subjects. The applause was continued as the retiring sovereign ascending to the throne and took her seat underneath a beautiful florial arch. The ranging of the characters on either side was the signal for the revels to begin. With the greatest vigour the hymn "On this day of gladness" was sung to the tune of "Onward Christian Soldiers," and prayer having been offered the audience were abdured by the choir to "fight the drink." Next a scene of a village green was presented on which the children disported themselves, only to cease from their games to call upon the Queen of the faries (Miss E. Hamblett) to assist thorn in deciding upon whom to confer regal- distinctions. At her request, Strength (Miss G. Holbrook),Hope (Miss M. Butler), Faith (Miss E. Jones), Charity (Miss M. Muir) and Purity (Miss E. Shaw), recited their claims upon the throne only to be rejected in favour of Temperance. With true pomp Miss Whitmore was invested with the emblems of office and having seated herself on the throne,now illuminated with coloured electric lights, the others who had advanced their claims to the royal posi- tion paid homage to the newly elected Sovereign, who comported herself with befitting dignity. Now came the time for the children to display their accom- plishments and right well did they acquit themselves. The chorus' under the conductorship of Mr. Spruce contributed several items with signal success. Miss May Isherwood sang sweetly "Bells of gold" whilst the old time but ever popular Maypole dance was given by a number of girls. The effect of this and in fact of all the dances of the evening was greatly improved by the manipulation of the limelight.', The accomplish- ments of the girls in an umbrella dance were rivalled by the dexterity of the boys in a hornpipe. A folly dance and morris dance were introduced but probably the prettiest effect was secured by a cymbal dance in whica Miss Clara Holford formed a centre piece whilst performing the graceful evolutions of a Spanish tambourine dance. "See the Smiths" was well sung by boys,being accompanied by perfectly timed hammer strokes on an anvil. Some thirty little girls charmed the audience with the action song " Beautiful flowers" in which the solos were taken by Miss Dolly Cain and Miss Nellie Wheatley. "Cherry ripe" was sweetly and ,effectively sung by Miss Rachel Peacock, • whilSt Miss Jessie Woodland, another youthful soloist pleased her auditors with "The songs the children sing." A barbell drill by the girls was an attractive item and added variety to a lengthy programme. The efforts of the entertainers were rewarded by frequent outbursts of applause and with the chorus "The fire brigade" the curtain, miataphorioalty speaking, was rung down upon a performance as successful as any which had preceded it. A little adverse criticism is to be offered and this is directed not against the artistes but against the unfortunate lack of Continuity in the programme. Brief intervals were unavoidable but on several occasions the wait between the items was somewhat unduly prolonged, though otherwise every- thing passed off most successfully. Mention must be made of the efforts of two clowns who served to enliven the periods of waiting by their grotesque and, a bsurd actions which created no little amusement. The 'proceedings were Under the presidency of the MAYOR, who at the commencement delivered an effec- tive address. He spoke of the great pleasure which it gavp him to be present. The Band of Hope Union, he proceeded to point out, was re-constructed in 1899 with the object of educating and training children in the principles of temperance, and also for the supervising of the working of the Child Messeager Act. Twenty- one Societies were connected with the Union, which had a total membership of 4,000. (Applause.) His Worship pointed to the cosmopolitan nature of the Union and extended an invitation to all Band of Hope Societies to join. He was sure, he said, they would all highly appreciate the work of the Bands of -Hope. The educating of the children as to the evils of drink was the first step to take in the reform of the nation and he was pleased to know that a great deal more was now being done in that direction than was the case in former years. (Applause.) In his younger days he was an enthusiastic member of a Band of Hope, but never had he seen such a gathering as had assembled that night—a gathering which he was sure must afford great pleasure to the promoters to the parents of the children. (Applause). Mrs. SIMPSON, on behalf of the British Women's Temperance Association presented a beautiful bouquet to the retiring Queen and appealed to the parents to set the example to their children in the matter of temperance. A word of praise must be given to the officers of the union to whose untiring eflorts the evening's success was due. They were :—Committee, Messrs. T. Dale, G. Whitfield, W. Wilkes, G. Colley, J.Hamblett, A. Spruce and Littlewood, Mesdames Whitmore, Unsworth, Davenport and Buckby, Misses Edwards, Humphreys and Whalley ; conductor, Mr. A. Spruce; organist, Mr. A. W. Clatworthy ; pianists, Mrs. Stevenson, Misses, Lomas, Jones and Spruce; trainers of coronation ceremony, Mesdames Whitmore and Unsvvorth ; director of elocution and marshal of wocession, Mr. G. Whitfield; advertisement manager§;Messrs. J. Muir and J. Hamblett ; hon. secretary, Mr. F. Gaudy; hon. assistant secretaries, Messrs. Hy. Woolley and J. Muir ; procession committee, Messrs. Whitfield, Hamblett, Wilkes, Colley and Fellows. - The greatest care had been taken in preparing the children for the dances Scc., this work having devolved upon Mesdames Whitmore, and Ormiston and Miss Ormiston (Maypole dance), Mesdames Whitmore and Unsworth and Mr. W. Aldred (Morris dance), Mesdames Davenport and Buckby (Barbel drill), Miss E. Spinks (folly, umbrella and cymbal dances and sailors'hornpipe)

===== 0002601_19070427_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
i#,;..1,3 *iiiitifi i taßMEdiiia.tittigts Nalighielitta:oo:Nigo, N4l- at4iiifitifir Iskrtfwto &i: itliti.: rit!''.'7-SeAV'l 41,441hlittac:0:: Ilf *I 6 Attlotti&_:'o4%,.:ll94:-R.% 1.4;7kt tf%.4*4,..„t91,1`1!1.41,04.-s-44,41 lightitStt.-,,,:43-440.1.1.114'," ' 1,-t,-;lpeig ,),,,...,;;;•-figw...vit-... . ;44:;44..c1it1.:144,7;:•A.g- n. i ,tatio fis;46-rtfilkL*4l.lNv'''"- reP`.4 with a ktrgt-- h wt Star- r ' A

===== 0002601_19070427_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
and Mr. Levi Richardson, (who prepared the Misses May Idler sood and Rachel Peacock.) The Rev. J. F. Matthews had written to the Mayor expressing his regret that be was detained in London, and adding that he was glad to know that his Worship was showing such interest in temperance as to preside over the festival.

THURSDAY'S PROCEEDINGS.. PRESENTATION OF PRIZES.

The entertainment was repeated on Thursday evening with great succePs, the hall being crowded. Mrs. James Dodds presided, and in the course of a short address said she felt it a great honour to be asked to preside over a meeting like that. The very sight of the chil- dren was in itself an inspiration, and as she looked at them the thought came to her that in a; few years these children would be the men and women of Warrington. She hoped they would be men and women who would speak with no uncertain sound on the drink question ; and who knew what distinction and honour the future held for some of them? There were in the House of Commons to-day forty members who were Band of Hope boys, and there was no doubt that temperance workers owed it a great deal to their influence that the Children's Bill, forbidding any child under fourteen to be served with drink, was passed into law. If these children were to be kept in the way they were now being trained in, there rested a very great responsibility on the parents to make straight the paths for their feet, lest these little ones be turned out of the way. Some time ago she read in an American paper an article entitled "A call to arms" which referred to one big city in the United States that was rising to protest against the drinking customs of the place. It went on to say what the fathers, the young men and the young women were doing, and added" And the mothers are pray,ing." What a tribute to the mothers! No doubt many mothers felt they could do nothing ; it seemed as if their lives were bordered by the four walls of a kitchen. They little thought what they could do and were doing for "more things are wrought by prayer than this world dreams of." (Applause.) Miss Jackson, on behalf of the "Y " branch of the I British Women's Temperance Association, presented the May Queen with a beautiful bouquet. _ _ _

later in the evening Mrs. Dodds distributed bock , prizes to the following children who had been most successful in selling tickets for the festival :—Ewart Grounds, George A. Whitfield, Minnie Whitmore, Gerald Doncaster, Hilda Spruce, Eva Shaw, Charles Hamblett, Arthur Hamblett, Ada Mounfield, Ethel Eyes, Ralph Fellows, Ethel Sankey, Annie Lawless, Arthur Nurse, Lilian Holbrook, Jessie Ellison, Ethel Ellison, Ada Livesey, Alice Harding, Harry Pritchard, Elsie Wilkin- son Lillie Higginson, Minnie Boyle,Alfred Woodhouse, Nellie Robinson, Kate Harmer Emma Hamblett, Cissie Griffiths, Bessie Thorniley, Ethel Wainwright, Bertie Jones,, Ethel Shaw, Nellie Wheatley, May Baker. A vote of thanks was accorded to Mrs. Dodds on the proponition of Mr. T. DALE.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
MILK LEFT BEIINDI

Farmer's Claim against flu Railway Company.

IMPORTANT POINT.

A singular ease was head at the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before His Honour Deputy Judge Stracham, K.C., Edward Marsh, Bradley Hall, Grappenhall, claiming £5 Os. Bd. from the London and North-Western Railway Company for damages and loss through alleged wilful misconduct of the company's servant by neglecting to forward a consignment of milk at Thelwall station on December 16th last,such milk being consigned to Leigh and Bedford. Mr. Arthur Browne represented the plaintiff and Mr. H. Linden Riley (instructed by Mr. Fenna) appeared for the defendant company. Mr. Browne said the plaintiff was a farmer and was under contract to supply a quantity of milk to Mr. Stokes, of Redford Leigh, a large dairy retailer. He had also the usual contract with the London and North Western Railway Company for carrying milk at the owner's risk, with the exception of wilful misconduct on the part of the company's servants. The question, would be, he believed, whether the conduct of the guard of the tram at Thelwall station on the morning of Sunday, December 16th amounted to wilful misconduct within the meaning of cases on the subject or not. Mr. Riley: That is the whole point. Mr. Browne (continuing) said Mr. Marsh employed a man named Lockett to take the tankards from Bradley Hall to Thelwall station, a distance of about three miles. On the morning of December IGth, the train went from Thelwall station to Warrington at 8.19. Lockett arrived at the station before eight o'clock and went into the office of the stationmaster and gave the consignment note. He then went into the waiting room.because it was raining. The train was a very long one and the van in which the tankards had to be placed did not come up to the platform. Lockett stood with the milk tankards waiting for the train to be pulled up. The guard- that morning was not a regular guard but was a porter taken promiscuously at London-road station from which the train had started. The stationraastercollected the tickets from the passengers and then the guard, without any warning from the stationmaster, gave the signal to the engine driver to go. The train did not draw up to receive the tankards and, thereupon, both Lockett-and the stationmaster shouted out to the guard to stopi,but the latter took no,heed and never attempted to put on the brakes which he could easily have done to stop the train. Mr. Thomas Booth, of Booth Farm, Lymm, who happened to be in the train, would corroborate this statement. There was no other train on Sunday from Thelwall to Warrington until 2.30 p.m. and then there was no train to Bedford Leigh from War- rington until between three and four o'clock. Lockett therefore took the tankards back to the farm, and the milk was sent to Bedford Leigh by road—a distance of 171 miles. Owing to its late arrival, Mr. Stokes had to obtain milk elsewhere, and had claimed against Mr. Marsh. On Sunday, Mr. Marsh went to see the Thelwall stationmaster, who told him that it was not his fault that the milk was not taken. He did not give the signal for the train to go and it was entirely the fault of the guard. Headded that he shouted two or three times to the guard to stop but he took no notice. Mr. Marsh then told the station- master that he shouldfhold the company responsible for the loss, and the stationmaster said he would report the ' whole matter to his superiors. Alfred Lockett, farm labourer, gave evidence bearing out this statement and said he spoke to the guard on the platform before the train started. Thomas Booth, farmer, said that when the train started he heard someone shout" Stop." On looking through the window he noticed the tankards on the platform. Frederick Tillbrook, stationmaster at Thelwall, said he did not give the guard an intentional intimation to start the train. When the train was started, witness was under the impression that it was being pulled up to enable the tankards to be taken in. Witness called to the guard as he passed but he took no notice and the train continued on its way. He could not say whether the guard heard him or not. There were some empty tankards on the platform. In reply to Mr. Riley witness said it was possible that the guard might have mistaken a movement by his (witness's) hand after closing the carriage door, as being the signal to start. Witness did not regard him- self as being authorised to recall a train after it had left the platform. His Honour: Suppose the Chairman of your com- pany had driven up late. (Laughter.) Would not you whistle or to something to have the train stopped ? Witness: We would know the Chairman would be there. (Laughter.) Questioned by Mr. Browne, witness said there was no particular reason why the train should be got away unusually quickly. There was no hurry. His Honour: My experience of Sunday travelling is that no one is in a hurry, but the passengers. (Laughter.) I They fret and fume sometimes,

Eaward Marsh, plaintiff, was then called and said the cost of sending the milk by road was 255. The station- master told him that he and Locket shouted as hard as they could but the guard took no notice. Tilbrook added that he did not think it was possible for the guard not to hear. Hie Honour read the report which the stationmaster forwarded to the Superintendent of the line. It stated : "The farmer's man was standing with the cans and told me he informed the guard that the milk was for his train while the train was at a standstill and also after he had got in the van, but the guard ignored him. I also called his attention to the milk after I had returned from shutting the doors. The trainlad certainly started but no effort was made to bring it to a stand."

• Henry Stokes, Bedford Leigh, said he had to obtain milk elsewhere and when the supply arrived from Crappenhall he had practically finished serving his customers. He could not make any use of the milk,and

P—Elnazgz

it remained in a shed until it was unfit for use, when it was pat down a drain. Mr. Riley urged that the plaintiffs had not proved wilful misconduct on the part of the guard. It was only a matter of belief on the part of the stationmaster as to whether the guard heard or not and it was per- fectly consistent with his statement that it was only through-negligence or forgetfulness that the milk was left.

His Honour said that if evidence had been adduced to prove that the guard appreciated the fact that he was required to take on the milk and, notwithstanding that, started the train, it would have been wilful misconduct. He was not satisfied that it was sufficiently intimated to the guard that there was something to take on. He gave judgment for the defendant company. Mr. Browne asked his Honour not allow costs, as the case was being fought by associated railway companie. His Honour, however, allowed the costs, as he said it was always his rule to allow them unless the defendants had been guilty of reprehensive conduct.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
n-177, 1:77, is--aJJAL CHURISTAES.

Galhorne.-str.let Baptist Church.

Large congregations were present at the above church on Sunday when special sarmons were preached by the Rev. H. Ogden, of Oldham. In the morning Mr. Ogden spoke on the subject of "The Dreamer." In the after- noon a united meeting of the Bible Class connected with the Church and the Warrington P.S.A. Society was held in the church under tie presidency of Mr. B. W. Jones. A large number of members of the P.S.A. were present and the Rev. H. Ogden greatly impressed the audieace with an address on " Stand up to yourselves."—ln the evening a large congregation assembled, when Mr. Ogden delivered an interesting address on " R4bbing God."

===== 0002601_19070427_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church.

i The Sunday School Anniversary in connection with the Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church was held 'on Sunday. Sermons were preached morning and even- ing by the Rev. J. Gillender, of Chorley, the district • Sunday school secretary,whose addresses were delivered to large congregations. The morning address was based I on the text, "And ye fathers provoke not your children to wrath, but nurture them in the fear and admonition of the Lord." In the afternoon a children's service, was held, the chair being taken by Mr. Rowlands, the speakers being two ladies, Sister Louie, of Widnes, and Miss V. Taylor, the latter giving an object on flowers. Solos were rendered by Misses 14lay Isherwood,Rachael Peacock, and Jessie Woodland. The collections for the day amounted t to £8 12s. 6d. On Monday night a ' ' tea and tea-table conference were held, the conference rbeing introduced by the Rev.S. S. Ileashaw, the general Sunday school secretary. A public, meeting was after- werds held,the speakers being the Revs. S. S. Renshaw and J. Gillender. The Rev. C. L. Stowe presided. In the course of his address the Rev. J. Gillender gave some excellent advice to Sunday school teachers. The attributes of a successful teacher should be brightness, briefness and brotherliness. He laid particular stress upon the former of the three heads. If they had a true conception of the sacredness of their office and of the glory of the work in which they were engaged surely they could not help, but be bright. God have mercy upon those who gave-the young people the idea that to be sour visaged was to be Godly. That was a most erronous and harmful conception of Godliness. He appealed to them not to be merely teachers in the Sunday school but to enter into the daily lives of the children an join in their pursuits and pleasures. If they did that they would meet with wonderful success. r The Rev. S. S. HenshP....w said their first and chief object in the Sunday school should be to make the children into good Christians, to create in them a sound moral character and a sweet and beautiful spiritual life. He was sure that no loftier mission than that could be committed to the hands of men and women.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Bold-street: Wesleyan Church.

Special services were held in this Church on Sunday on the occasion of the re-opening after extensive decoration.

The pulpit in the morning was occupied by the Rev. E. J. Gawne, who addressed a large congregation from the words "On this rock I will byild my Church." Special music was rendered by the clArir, including the anthem "Jerusalem the Golden," an American organ being used in place of the large organ, which-is, being replaced by a more handsome instrument. There was an exceptionally large congregation in the evening, when the preacher was the Rev. J. Manning, who took for his text the words: "What mean ye by these stones ?" Mr. Manning showed what the churches stood for in human life- and what their message and meaning was to the world. Alluding to the decorations, he said he thought it would be generally admitted that the Church needed renovation. The scheme of treat- ment had been made a matter of considerable thought and care on the part of those responsible for it, and thej were all greatly pleased with the result, which reflected the highest credit on the architect and the decorators. The only incomplete part of the scheme was the want of the-new organ, which would, it was expected, be opened during the first week in July. The .whole scheme had involved an expenditure of £1,700, and they hoped to raise money not only by the services that day, but £l,OOO by the forthcoming bazaar. They hoped to start the new Methodist year in September quite free from debt. Mr. T. Brough's juvenile choir gave an admirable interpretation of a couple of anthems, "Consecration," and There's room for little children," and Mrs. Arthur Booth pleased the congregation by her rendering of "With verdue clad." The accompanists were supplied by an excellent orchestra, the whole of the musical arrangements being in, charge of Mr. Frank Hickman and Mr. T.Brough. Satisfactory collections were made. The appearance of the Church has been greatly improved and called forth favourable comment. Toe ceiling has been picked out in vellum tones, soft greens, and the beams a warm sienna tone. The rich cornice, also picked out in similar tones, brings out all the enrichments clear and defined. The richly carved deep frieze, (hitherto only distempered in one colour and unseen) has been this time painted a vellum colour, and Ithe background pinked out boldly in crimson, which with cornice marks has a very rich framing. The upper Iparts of the walls above the string line of windows and 'orchestral arch are minted a rich primrose tone, with a beautiful powdering as a diaper stencilled upon it, in soft greens and crimson. The orciestral arch has a companion arch formed on each side, and the two trusses separating the principal arch have trusses painted in hand, to represent the plaster one, These arches are enriched with inlaid orna- mentation in fiat, forming now a very pleasing whole, with pilasters supporting same in fiat, inlaid, touched up by hand. The walls through- oat are painted a plain soft tone of green as a base for the decoration above. The same treatment is carried out under the galleries to complete the scheme. The circular heads of windows have been glazed with Muranese glass amber tint, which gives a soft tint to the whole. The entrance vestibules have also come in for similar treatment. The windows, recesses through- out, and-the sashes have been painted a light terracotta and the angle moulds run in crimson, making a rich framino to the same. The seats have been washed, the cappings and pulpit re-polished, and the iron columns with their caps painted and richly picked out in gold and colour, and richly omolued, and the gallery front glazed down and re-varnished. The work has been carried out by Messrs. Hesketh and Son, Ltd., under the direction of Mr. Percy Silcock, A.R.1.8.A. (architect).

===== 0002601_19070427_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Archdeacon Spooner's Visitation. The Education Question.

Archdeacon Spooner held his annual visitation for the admission of churchwardens and sidesmen to office at the Warrington Parish Church on Thursday. In the course of his charge he said the problem, of education still remained unsolved. The provisions of Mr. Is/Manna's bill had spread Consternation far and wide. The enforce- ment of the clause exacting one fifteenth of the salaries of the teachers from the foundation managers in return for services rendered in giving definite religious in- struction would mean the imposition of a burden upon voluntary sources already heavily taxed. The conse- quence might be in many, if not in the majority of cases, the compulsory closing of schools altogether, or the handing of them over entirely to the education authority. Fairness all round with the conservation of parental rights was what they expected and demanded. No settlement of the problem before the country could be considered satisfactory and final which failed to respect the provisions of the trust deeds, and main- tenance of parental rights, full liberty of conscience, and the recognition of definite religious principles as the foundation of our national system of edu- cation. Whilst the principle of government by the majority was admitted, the rights of the minority, however small, could not be ignored. Referring to the report of the Ritual Commission, the Archdeacon said that to him it seemed chimerical to hope that any rubric could be framed as a substitute for the so-called Ornaments Rubric which would satisfy the demands of extremists in either direction. It might , be a wiser policy to leave the Prayer Book as it was, I but with the addition in certain places of explanatory notes, and allowing permissive powers of liberal inter- , pretation with some latitude in practice suited to the ' wishes of the particular congregations, and always with the sanction of the ordinary or diocesan bishop. The ignoring of his lawful authority, a distinct violation of ordination vows, when the demands or requests of that authority were in accordance with the decisions arrived at by ecclesiastical tribunals, as in the case of the Lincoln judgment, was unintelligible. Resignation they could understand • submission under protest they could respect ; but defiance was unconstitutional and unchnrchmanlike. Disestablishment of the church in Wales was again in the air and behind it loomed the spectre of possible disestablishment of the Church of England. Disunion within, the absence of proper discipline, a want of external cohesion and consolidation of forces would Con- tribute more than anything else towards rendering both an accomplished fact—which God forbid. The Bill permitting marriage with a deceased wife's

sister and involving other possible alliances not now recognized as legal, if it became law would place many churchmen in an invidious and difficult position, unless a common principle and line of action be adopted under the direction of the whole Bench of Bishops and , endorsed by the representatives of every school of thought. The Archdeacon concluded by referring to matters of particular interest to the Diocese and to the Workmen's Compensation Act. The incumbent would be looked to for compensation in cases of accident to the curate, scripture reader, Biblewoman, deaconness, or nurse (unless paid directly and independently by some society or charitable organisation) ; and the wardens and schoor managers would be responsible in the case of the vestry clerk, verger, sexton, organist, choir (if salaried), organ blower, beilringer, church cleaners,caretakers of schools or mission-rooms, and in some cases the responsibility would fall on them jointly.

HOIST FATALITY AT WARRINGTON. Curious Case. Mr. S. Brighouse held an inquest at the Warrington Coroner's Court on Wednesday afternoon, touching the death of Terence Rdeers (2S), cabinet maker, Dixon- street, who was fatality injured by a hoist at, the works of Messrs. Robert Garnett and Sons on Thursday of., last week. Mr. Augustus Lewis, H.M. Inspector of Factories, watched the proceedings on behalf of the Home Office; Mr. H. J. -Westbrook (Robert Davies and C 0.,) appeared for Messrs. Garnett ; and Mr. T. S. Steel represented the relatives of the deceased who reside at Dowdairs Hill, Dundalk, County Louth. Mr. Chapman (of Messrs. Chapman and Brooks, Manchester) was present in the interests of the insurance company concerned in the case. Toe police report, read by the Coroner, stated that at 1.30 on Thursday afternoon deceased was proceeding towards his work bench, having to pass through a room on the first floor. The room in question had an opening into the lift shaft, the lift working by mechanical power. At the time deceased was going through the room the lift was higher up the shaf and travelling downwards. The lift opening was secured by a. wooden gate shutting off the shaft from the room, and for some reason unknown deceased put his head over the gate and looked down. The lift descended and caught Rogers on the back of the head, crushing his face against the rounded ends of the upright wooden bars forming the gate. Isaac Williamson., the hoistman, who was inside the lift when the accident occurred, said he heard a shout and on stopping the lift found the deceased with his head crushed. The lift had only jest started from the floor on which deceased worked and as there was a guard gate 4ft. 6in.high,deceased must have put his head in the intervening space and been crushed by the top of the lift. Deceased must have been able to see the lift in motion. In answer to Mr. Steel witness said the lift was used for carrying work from one floor to another and assum-- ing deceased had done some work it would be witness's duty to convey it below. He did not, however, hear deceased speak to him, and did not see him put hiz, head in the opening. Mr. Steel said his suggestion was that deceased was looking into the opening to speak to Williamson about some work. The Coroner: Have you cautioned deceased about doing the same thing over and over again? Witness: I have cautioned him two or three times. I have caught him putting his head in the opening when the lift has been above and I told him he would get hurt. Questioned by Mr. Westbrook witness said that so far as he know deceased had no work to be sent down by the lift. Deceased had been warned by another employe. The Ooroner Why don't the firm make the gate Oft. high instead of 4ft. ? Then if a man got his head over that, there would be no question for the jury and myself. Mr. Westbrook: No doubt Messrs. Garnett will consider that. In answer to the Foreman of the jury, witness said no signal was given when the lift started. The Foreman (Mr. F. J. Whittle) asked the inspector of factories if there was any custom with regard to the working of hoists. Had no warning to be given? Mr. Lewis said there was no regular rule which was operative in every place, but on various floors in some factories where the hoist was mechanical there was a system of signalling. As a rule the gates were auto- matic opening and closing as the lift started from or arrived at a floor. In this case the gates were not automatic and there was no signalling system. The Coroner thought the-lesson to be learnt was that the gate should be 6ft. high so that. if a man wanted to play the fool he could not. He did not say the deceased did so.

Nurse Moore said that deceased vas admitted to the Infirmary suffering from a fractured skull and died at 6.15 on Monday morning. Davi d Richard Hodge, works manager, said deceased had nothing to send down by the hoist. Deceased told him that he put his head over the gate to look in. Mr. Westbrook said the gate had been passed by a Factory Inspector. Continuing, he expressed Messrs. Garnett's regret that the accident had occurred, and their deep sympathy with the relatives. This was the first fatality which had happened in their manufactory for 83 years, and they had taken every precaution to provide against accident and for the safety of their Employee's. Mr. Lewis said that in his opinion a gate of 4ft. Gin. high for the ordinary work of a hoist was a reasonable guard. The real obligaticm under the Factory Act was that every hoist-way should be securely fenced, having regard to tiso nature of the work to be done on the various floors. Esom the nature of the work to be done or:these premises a gate of 4ft. 6in. high would be ample protection between any man and the hoist. What one foolish man did one day another might tio the next, and and he was sure the firm would be willing to make the gate Gft. high. The Coroner said he did not think many employers could say they had not had a fatal accident in their works for 83 years. It showed that the firm were doing the best they could for the safety of their work- people and he had no doubt that, in face of Mr. Lewis's remarks, they would make the gate Gft. high. There was no suggestion that they wefe to blame and he agreed with the Inspector that the present gate seemed ample protection. The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death" and added that they considered there had not been proper supervision of tho working of the hoist. The Coroner: Is the blame to be attached to an individual or to the Erm ? The Foreman : We do not consider the hoist man exercised sufficient caution. We do not blame the firm at all. The Coroner said Nlessrs. Garnett were a firm of very high repute, and be thought they took all the precau- tions that could reasonably be expected. He thought, however, that it was very hard lines on the hoist man that anything should be said against him unless it was conclusively proved. Mr. Westbrook: The man seems to have done his best under the circumstances. The jury adhered to their verdict, and the Coroner said he was bound to accept it,

WM; HE DIDN'T COME.

"My husband can't come to-day," said an apologetic wife at the Whitechapel County court. " You see, he's got artificial legs. Judge: Why doesn't he come on them? Wife: Because they're both broken. (Laughter.),

===== 0002601_19070427_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
A FOOTBALL TROPHY.

On Saturday the St. John's football team (champions of the St. Helens and District Sundsty School League Second Division) played the rest cif the League and added another victory to their list. After the match the Rev. A. Ainley, curate of St. John's Parish Church, presented the winners with a bersntiful silver cup, the gift of their President, Rev. C. C. Bardsley.-I.llr. Ainle y, in making the presentation, gave the young footballers some very good advice, which ho hoped they would always follow, and add lustre to the League to which they belonged. Thoy afterwards paraded the town, with the cup, which bore the inscription :—" Presented by the Rev. C. C. Rardsley 111. A., to the St. Helens and Distlict Sunday School, League Football Association, Second Division, 1906-7 ."

A Pine Forest - , , in Every Home _ . „ . ... , t v .. ~;,'..fr . -. .. ' e‘',,, ‘-‘.: ~; _.. . . . ..„:„..._ ''-- ::-:, ~. ---., .. 7.-:::-..:.,- ~ , _ . .. ,-. , ,_ , --.....,-,_,_ _._...:_--.-_- . ...._' ~. ............ ---.5. g. ...MAN.:, Free from opium or any other 0 . .‘ .&.., dangerous drug, Peps suit frail old Sg"-.....:- age and delicate infancy. During t.'..1; the fickle Spring weather there's '• `t.l nothing like Peps for banishing the :---,;:"- most obstinate cough, and con- quering long-standing and per- sistent throat and chest troubles. V. ?\i• "..,, 0/ all chemists at tlii or 219 '_'*:47.ric'-e•-. Per box. . ' .Z:406.4141.044"i. COli IU ~': .v! -'", •-• , A.,.- 1 ' /tit' 'OllB ' S 1 1 4- I 1 • „ ,:g,... ts too rs Cll L

===== 0002601_19070427_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRONIC ECZEMA FOURTEEN 'EARS

Every Part of Body Affected —Was in Hospital Five Times—Army Doctors and Nine Different Reme- dies Did No Good—Speedy Im- provement and Finally a

===== 0002601_19070427_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
PERFECT CURE BY USE OF CUTICURA REMEDIES

"I have suffered with chronic eczema for fourteen years. Every part of my body was affected. My father has been in the army and I have been attended by army doctors who all failed, I have been in hospital five times, but none of them did me any good. I have tried nine different kinds of remedies and none took any effect on me. At last I read of the wonderful cures which the Cuticura Remedies have made and in May I got a box of Cuticura Ointment and used it. When I had used half of the first box I saw that there was a great improvement in me. After that I got the Cuticura Soap and Resolvent Pills . which did all the better. Since then I . have used five boxes of Cuticura Oint- ment and am now completely cured. Had we known of Cuticura years ago we would have given pounds for it. I am writing this letter so that other sufferers may see it and get cured by the Cfiticura Remedies. 0. F. Hedge, 51, Vaughan Road, Coldharbor Lane, Canablewell Green, Dec. 5 and 11, 1906."

===== 0002601_19070427_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
CUTICURA TREATMENT

For Sore Feet and Hands with Shapeless Nails. Soak the feet or hands on retiring ^ong, hot, creamy lather of Cuticura Soap. Dry and anoint . \ freely with Cuticura 'ts4 Ointment, the great Skin Cure. Wearduring the night light band- ages of old, soft cotton or linen. For red, rough hands, dry, itch- ing palms, with shape- less nails, this treat- ment points to a . of the most distressing Cuticura Remedies are guaran- teed absolutely pure..

Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour of Infants, Children, and Adults consists of Cuticura Soap to Cleanse the Skin. Cut- curs Ointment to Heal the Skin, and Cuticura Re- solvent Pills (Chocolate Coataci) to Purify the Blood. A Single Set often Cures. Sold throughout the world. Depots: London, 27, CharterhouaeSq.: Paris, 5. Rue de Is Paix: Australia, R. Towns 4, Co., Sydney: Potter Drug it, Chem. Corp., Sole Props. etX-Post-tree. Cuticura Bcok on Skin Diseases.

in a stn. • speedy cure cases.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
BEST FAMILY MEDICINE

WORSDELL'S— K aye 9 Pills In Use 100 years. .."..re &certain cure for Indigestion, Biliousness, Headaalle, Dmejisia„ scatipatiou, Liver and Kidney Consplcints, La. Invalaable for Indies' Of all Chemists, 1/li, 2/9, and 4/6 per boa., or on receipti of amount 13, St. George's, Norwich.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
TOOTH-ACHE

CIU/IFID INSTANTLY BY 'S PrevejtseitcasygavesspErexvteranctetido.n, BUNTER ItBURALGin, HEADACHE, NER VINE and all NERVE PAINS removed by BUNTER'S NERVINE. All Stores, 18. nd, es., receipt of amount 13, Sr. GEORGIIS STREET, NORWICH. "As aspecific of Toothache it has no equal. I have aged Pt successfully for years,"—Paov. WWnaow. AI D.

3OLD EVERYWHERE at Is. IrL, 2s. 9d.145.6d.1 and Us otbridge, LUNGTONIC, wORLD'TS CIMIS

-UNUMICATHARTICUM-PILLS. FOR.INDIGESTION 6 ITS-,EVIL:S: 5104EADACHE • .BILIOUS DERANGEMENT - ACtitEEA.BI.:E`APER-

Kkit'TlC PILLS-.; •:•3, URCFACEACH EtJRA

49EFUSE. SUBSTITUTES,. 301.0 fft'ACZPIEMLST3 THRdUGNOUT GREAT SRI TAVI

===== 0002601_19070427_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19070427_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
)*P.'A

===== 0002601_19070427_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4zy.- r,41 LI VI •

===== 0002601_19070427_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:

d,t

4.1

===== 0002601_19070427_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Cht eratnintr 'trte

OF WRIIR-lIND NBWSPAPHRS COMPRISES : rraß WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER. published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh Winvrick, Padgate, Lvmm. &e., being ne of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lance- %lre and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- stiles a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lance- phire and Mid-Oheshire. - -

rllllll RUNCORN BRAMINER, published every Saturday I morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. - -

'FHB WIDIES BX&MINRII published every Saturday 1 morning. Widnes contains the IPrgest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom. and Is a VAIN, viwin4 ottr f inrittstry.

MGR BARLARTOWN ANn NRWTON 1 published every Saturrlav morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Rarimtown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, liavdook, Lowton. acc. The digtric thus morisad 13 4 (alit irnpartint ow. If the Lancashire cal- Ida.

TRH ST. HRLRNS lIXAMINKR, published every Satnrday morning', circnilting in St. Helens, Prescot, Parr. Sutton, Peasley Cross. tto - -the centre of the Gla,s, Cheini2al and Watch Trades of the Kingdom,

PREPAID ADVFIRTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTEr- HOUSES WANTED.

APARTMENTS TO LBT. HOU3E3 TO BE gOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS gALES.

One Three Rix Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Week . 18 ... Os. 84. ... Is. 34. ... 2e. 04. ... 3s. 94. 27 Os. 94. ... Is. 104. ... 3e. 04. ... ss. Od. 36 Is. nd. ... 2e. 64. 4e. Od. Rs. NI. 45 is. 34. ... 3s Id. ss, 04. Is. Oct. 54 Is. Rd. 3sl Rd. Rs. cm. ... los. Od.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
onteiNtir berbantis. eft.

"V‘TANTPII). ft good G.NISRAL —Arloly with references. Wisrritnicsn, 23. Brow:lvan, Preston.

MONCRIRFF'S RRGISITPY oFFICTC. LlanentlPn, has sevpral VReancies for goorl qPrr sin t • of all clati.eq.

ii,iTANTRTI good GRNRRAT, RTCRVANT, Ftqf4 Omit 25. Apply Mrs. Shaw. Man qhnvels Note], Altrinohlm.

WANTED good HOUgIIiVATD at onea. brink 25; willing to assist in bar —Mrs. MURPHY, Starkie Arms, PAM— ham Lanes .

"VVANTRT) good GRNICRAL ; abno`. 20 small fssolly.—Apply Mrs. Witcox. 47. School rd., sale, Mannh.ater.

WAN RD, strnne GIRT, +about IR, for hon.e.worlr ; conntry sari pre'erred. —Apply M &lOW 222, .A shton rd.. 01,1 h AM •

WBST PM) RBGTRTRY. M. Routh Kinv st..Minnhester, require immediately all classes Domestic Servants, Noriep, Waned wages.

WANTBD for Brixton, young HODSBMAID IC -WA/TRSQ, ..s,toiff, are. wages an reference to Mrs. MAcLuitz, Breeze IDII, Buxton.

WANTTID. (11114,11 RA for May 17th; plain c%ooking. leferenre.ElB to 00.—Mrs. SCALES, 11. Waterloo rd., Birehdala. Southport.

WANT7rD Imfripalittelv 000K-r}RWRR klr, in }mum' MATD-W kITRRRS ; referenoes.-13nwuNG GREPN HoTFT... Farnworth, Bnlton.

virANTRn R Pespeetehle GIRT, se NonsernAid. About 17. —Apply Mn. PALMER, 244 Great Clowes Bt.. Higher Fronghton, Vsnehester.

WANTRD, GIRL abont lg ; one wed to children ; refer- ence required ; good home.—Apply A. H. HARRISON, 91, Heaton 'cue, Stockport.

ANTT4I), an experienced GHNBRAT. ; rtool wages, entail family ; no wftsbing.—Apply, 4. BIRCH AVENUE, Old Trafford, Manchester.

J3OMRSTIO SERVkIiTS wanting enmfortable Situations. good wages. write Mrs. Loma, Moss lane West, Man- chester. No fee till suited.

WANTBD. MINRRAL far farmhouse; two in family ; referenees required. Hrs. ASHCROFT, Windy Harbour. Spite!. near Birkenhead.

ANTHD 000K-9ENRRA.T., family three; part wash; housemaid kept; 27.0 to suitable person.—Address Mn. FlA:rno. Bellingham, Lytham.

WANTRD. HOURRKTIBPRRAve 25 to 35; four children. Reference required. W'rtgee 6e. per week.—Apply Mrs. WHITLEY, 8 Bolton et.. Burnley.

WANTED, f(Ond GENERAL SERVANT. acted about ; references reqtdred —%oply any thy after 2 o'clock, Miss WRIGHT, 1, Park rd., ',intim

NV A.NTRD Young GTRL tea General for two ladies, near New Prightnn. Most be Protestant. —Apply Mrs. Allman:ono. 37, Dee Ranks, Cheater.

WANTRD. arctic. GIiNAIRAL. Small family. Good home. Neocene.' rocinired.—Mn.linGsav,79 Heaton Moor rd.. Heaton Chapel. Manchester.

HOMTPIIATII-witITRWS WANTIM at once for dontor"—s honse ; pißht, in family ; we £ll ; good ref erences. —him B. MITLIAND, Ashley rd., Altrincham.

WANTED. wool GENERAL SERVANT for May Ist; small family ; goo/ wages to capible person.—Mra. DEAPDEN, Carr Mount, Rawtenstall, Manchester.

WANTRD HOUSR—PkRLOURNSAID. good.—Apply, stating experience ancl wazes require& LADIES PRIVATE ASYLUM, Grove House, Church Stratton.

WARTED Immediately. strong GIRL; 16 or 17; assist cleaning ; washing ; good home ; wsges 2s. 61. ; Ftnn I charscter.—Gtimun,r, Silverlands, Buxton.

W&NTuT), GENRRkL. experienced ; ail duties ; srn.ll family ; good wnyes ; references reqoired.—Anply leter only. Mni Kv;synx. Kennerley rd.. Stockport.

ANTRD, strong reßnectable young GRNICRAL ; abIR to wash ; no fßmily ; comfortaMe home ; Catholic nr*lprreel —Mn. 'Cull Tern. 167. Chstool et . Leigh. Lannnehlre.

NN! ANTRD, GRNERAL and HOUSEMAID for a family of four ; N./aching ; yowl refererres requlrecl.—Mrs HUNT. Ravens lea, Whalley rd., Whnlly Range. Manchester.

LitiPRRIOR Generals, Conk—Generals. Housemaids, Waitresses Wanted. Immediately ; fares paid ; good WRIV'S ; no delay.—Write Miss NEWTON, Great Underbsnk, Ftnekport

VVANTED.—GHNBRAL,thoroughIy respectable girl about 15 ; two in family ; comfortable home ; excellent references required. —Apply Tioeux COTTAGE, Brooklands. near Manchester.

WANTRD. good strong GHICHRAL, able to cook and wash, age 25 to 30 good wages to suitable person ; references required —Mrs. COONAN, Stanley Arms Hotel, A naliton, nwtr Ormakirk.

WANTIM, experienced NURSIt, to take s,le charge of two little boys (10 months and 4 years); well spoken ; healthy ; highest references ; good neediewornan ; Konta- for4 district.—Alre. PERR GRovEs, Woodbank, Sandiway, Northwich.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
En be tet.

PENKETH.—GOOD HOUSER WITH GARDENS, 3s. 9d per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. IVY LODGR.FROGRALL LANS, reduced rent. 55, WASIT LANA M STREET. orvt(llll4,ground floor. Also upper Moms. WORKROOMS' near Bridge ntreet, rent ss. per week. 47, NEW ROAD, rent 4s. 9d. per week. BANK STREET, 7 Stall Stable with Rood Yard and °art Shed. CORNRR RHOP 2, School Brow, reduced rent ss, Ed, p." week. 59, C. eiTHRRINR S' PERT, rent 4s. per week. Apply ROBERT Lowe, list Ate Agent. No. 1 Bank-street Wsr- rine,. Telephone—No 55.

TO LET 17, FOLLY LANR.—Apply Weops & Bow _II Solicitors. Iforsemarket Street, Warrington.

T l LIU, HOUSE, IKrinteford rd. Beautified thronghnut. Rent £l7. Apply JAS. B. ALDRED, Leigh Villas, GrArpenhall.

rro LViT GOOD HOUSR, Parker street, rent 355. month J. clear, will be cleaned for good tenant.—Aoly WOODS 8c EON, Solicitors, Warrington.

WARRINGTON.—TO LHT.—Those plendl Business Pretnises, ?5, 1311IDGII STRItla (main street), with goods entrance to extensive frarehonse and stabling behind ; shop 40ft by 15ft,—To view and full particulars apply Mr. rßomis COWDKLL. Itstate Agent and Valuer, 31, Legh at.. Warrington.

WELLING-HOUSR.—TO BEI LRT, with immediate poae.ssion, No. 19, Stsnley et., containing two enter- taining rooms. kitchen, scullery and pantry ; five bedrooms bathroom ; outside washhouse Put £25 ; there is an access to both houses from St Austin's lane.—Apply d. and W. DUTTON. Sankey it., Warrington

===== 0002601_19070427_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
inatignerv, etc.

el As RNGINIRS RRPAIIIBD, Boring, Turning, and screw euttlncr.—MnuLn. Seholps et.. Elton, Bury.

IT IS viottni YOUR WHILE to BUY YOUR LUBRI- CANTS DIRECT. RELIANCE HIGH-CLASS NON- CORROSIVE largest tale in the world. ENGINE OIL, ?AO., CYLINDRR OIL 110., MACHINERY OIL, 1111., SPINDLE OIL, 90., GAS ENGINE OIL, le. 6d., DYNAMO OIL, is. 6sl. per gallon ; In barrels, free and carriage paid RELIA.NOR LUBRICATING OIL COMPANY, 19 and 20. Water bane, Great Tower at,, London. B.C. Also 99, Great 'Clyde at., Glnegow ; I,Sandhill,Quayside.Newcastle-on-Tyne!

pATIINT OFF 1014 it ANCEIHSTHR HSTABLISH6I3 IN 1835. Messrs. GHORGH DAVIES & BON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish ment andpossess erection I kno w ledge of the cotton,woollen and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price Eid, 'Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price Is. SHOREIII DAVIBS, O.JL, & SON, V.1.P.A., MR.& 4. ST. ANN B BQEMEB.IIIANCIIIIBTRE.

QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMITHD (late Ormerod) Grierson and Co.), Hu!me. Manchester, have the largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchased all Wheel, Pulley and Tooth Block Patterns &0., belonging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London-road Iron Works, Manchester, and are In a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly.—Cataloguea of Wheels and Pulley Patterns on,appllcatlon. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address: " Orroerod Grierson. Manchester."

T) HYL.—Comfortable APARTMKNTS ; pr,ivate or public; 11., bath; sea view.-13T. BIAto, 1, River et.

T LANDIJDNO.—Bryn Teg.—APARyM4NT3 by Happy _lli Valley, Pier and Promanade.—H. l'HomAs

A CCOUO 4 BKHETS.—Gooi private home ; terms moder- tt 3, Albert rd., Tonbridge. Kent.

Manta,

QMART BOY WANTRD.—AppIy JOHN HESICETH, Ilona and 3ign Painter, Gothorne et., Warrinaton.

A GENTS WANTED for New P. P. C. Firm. Samples to 11 Bona fides 6d.—MlLLEß,Printer, Burrelton, Perth.

A PPRIMIICRE3 WANTAD for dressmaking. —Apply Miss la. S. CORNY, 74, Manchester rd., Warrindon.

SUPBRINTENDHNTS AND ORGANISESA, HOUSE PURCHASE WITH ORDINARY AND INDUSTRIAL AsSUßANClL—deveral good openings In Warrington and other districts, salary and commission, for men of proved ability—Apply (is confidence) THE PROVINCIAL HOMER INVESTMENT COMPANY LTD., and 'IME LONDON AND PRO- VINCIAL AserrhucE COMPANY LTD. District Office: 2, Hope Chambers, 107, Market at., Manchester.

Mk%&

liftisqtllantous, on f?ales, at.

rIII4ItISE OttlC CHESTS for sale.—Apply 151. NORTH BD., _L St Helene.

QUITS from 21e.; cloth from le. 6d. per yard ; patterns Li tree.—WOODHOUSE, Manufacturer, Mirflell.

1/ POST PRIIii.-50 Gent's Ivory Visiting Cards ; Ladies' is. 35.—NMELL, 28a Paternoster Square.

DOST-10.111:18, Views, Actresses, comic, 7d. doz. ;25 le. -I- DENNY, 16. Glengarry rd, Dulwich, London.

ABGIS QUANTITY WIRE ROPE, £3 ton, makes excel- .ll.4 lent fencing.—Bßms, 10 Beech at., Liverpool.

T AUNDRY Glazing Eeeret. Linen like porcelain. P.O. JU(WALL. Trent rd , Great Haywood, • tafford.

Cutin,: AL COATS turned equal to new. 15s.—CLOTHING REPAIRING COMPANY, 407 High rd.. Chiswick, W.

HAIR DUCTS, large size, 32 x 34, Is. 10d. dozen ; satis- faction guaranteed. -BA3fPTON. Wren it., Coventry.

HOT-MR BATH FOR BATA with Bunsen burner and gas connection.—Address or apply 212, WILDICRSPOOL

ACH.—Monster parc9l manufacturer's oddments. le. returned If dissatisfied.—Ronmaux 96, Cir•zon st.. Derby

100 IVORY VISITING CARDS (name address). Is. agents wanted.— JACKSON. Printer, Stony Stratford

SPORTS AR AN. —Full particulars; sure winner, City and Suburban; 6 stamps. —RowE, 16, Somerbylet., Grim sby

rr YPHWRITING by expert. —Circulars, &e , duplicated.— TYPEWRITIvG CO 688 Lineoles Inn Fields, London.

BARk3O/n3 WREKLY.-2500 a Year for Life Competi- tion. Solutions all boiled on best Pictorial Dictionaries Murray, Century, Imperial, &c.) Arranged in three columns; col. I. contains Solution; col. 2, explanation and author ides where needed; 001. 3 other solutions with reasons for rejection. No confu•ing wlt-rnatives,' no mispronunci- ation, no • faked 'words, no absurdities. Many appreciative letters ftom clients. P.O. sixpence (not stamps), and stamped addressed envelope for a dozen specimens, with full particulars and valuable notes on Pearson's Rules. (A further 2s. 6i. and two stamped addressed envelopes covers full cost from commencement to close of Competition )—T. 4.838 r• lit. Andrew's Churola Buildings, Neweastie-on-Tyne.

111t5eIlantou5, an oalts, etc.

I_IONBY. klnglisb, 12 bottles free by rail, Bs. 6d. ; screw clipped 95.-0. N. WHITE, St. Neots

I LOB. Is. Rd. and 2s. 6d. parcels mit free, good value. I_4 BLACKMORE, 43, Kendal rd.. Bolton.

I ABBE QUANTITY WI HB HOPE £3 ton, makes excellent I fenolng.—Bnowrr, 10, Beech it, Liverpool.

DOZ6S TABLN 'VHS, 6s. 6d. and po knite free.— SEWELL, 65, Kestrel Avenue, Herne

eIYCLI NG or Tennis Corsets, lovely shape 2s. 64. Free.— WHITAKRB, 50 Towngate. Wyke, Bradford.

0110 TO POSTCA ,DS of yourself 2s. doz., send photo.- 1 ALBERT. 59, West Kensington 11.13ntions, London.

lIIBLLA GOLD. Emmet Gold leaf substitute, Is. IT.J. size 9d. free.—SCoTT, 22 Devonshire at., Carlisle.

BABY':i Long Clothes. 50 useful articles, 20s.—List on application.—llWAßT, Underclothing &Taker, Maryport.

‘47 ARTS, sure cure, is. post free.—W. LEM 174, Rose it., Bdlnburgh.

Dan Cured without Operation; slx genuine recipes, ls.—H. CLARK, 80, Canal et., Derby. VCZHEA.—Sure sate cure. Recipe and list free.- 121 THFAITEO, Herbalist, Stockton-on—Tees.

T ADIBS Valuable Harmless Toilet Recipe. Stamped 1J envelope.—Mrs. GREEN. 4, Beecrott at., Heighley.

A NU-RHEUMATIC RINGS from 3s. 6d. post free ; send ilk for Risra Co.. 11, Cranbury rd • Reading,Berks.

IBRTAIN CMIN OURlC—Genoine old-fashioned recipe; kJ post free, la —CRocxErr, 87. Bonchurch at., Leicester.

A N EMINENT YORKSRIRE PHYSI(IIAN'S LI. Remedies now deceased: are now neing prepared by his late surgery assistant and compounder. who hid been in his service many years. The Doctor's name is withheld for family reasons, but will be given when requested. DR R—'S BILR AND LIVER PILLS.

For Biliousness. Sick Headache, Torpid Liver and Con- stipation. Find relief in first dose. Cure In two to three day s. DR. R—'S NRRV TONIC PILLS.

A first-class Pill for loss of Power, loss of Appetite, loss of Memory, and for all Nervoui disorders. DR. R-13 PARTICULAR OR FEMALR PILLS.

A Female Pill of high repute. Fer Anwmia. Ehortness of Breath, loss of Energy, loss of Appetite. Fainting. Sickness and Irregularities. DR. R—'S PILR Cl7ll/11.—OINTMRNT & POWDRR.

A certain Cure for Plies, inward or outward, and for sore- ness or infißmmation of the Rectum. DR. 13—'6 BACKACHE AND KIDNEY PILLS. 2s. each, or three kinds, 51. 6d. post free.—Address,

- T. J. WELBURN, Compounder, Birkenehaw, Bradford, Yorke.

fßotor Caro, eptito, (sarriagrto. ttc

"HIGH-GRADE Coventry Cycles £5 102.—5. BARROW 8.; Jl.l Co.. 3328 Goswell rd.. London.

A CIIITYLIM4 Ovcis Lamps, porcelain reflectors, 4s lid. 1-1 Plated wide wick oll,2s.3d.—slaink's +maks Nlidnurst

SPECIAL VISIT TO W A RRINGTON. GREGORY'S CAFE, 5 BUTTERMARKET ST., (MARKET GATE.) BY SPECIAL REQUEST OF SEVERAL WARRINGTON LADIES

MRS. CLARA F. SLATER (OP SOUTHPORT),

at tlio BALFOUR

INSTITUTE, SMITH- DOWN RD., LIVER- POOL, on THURSDAY,

MAY 2nd.

Ruptures, Women' Inward Weaknesses

Cured Without Operation :"

- or Inward Instruments.

The great difficulty is to persuade sufferers that they have nothing to be afraid of. One who came said: "WHY MRS. SLATER? I WAS

AFRAID OF COMING, but had I known who I was coming to I shouldn't have had any need. IT'S MORE LIRE SEEING A FRIEND than anyone else." STOUT LADIES, THE COMPRESS BELT REDUCES

THE MEASUREMENTS 1 TO 8 INCHES.

NOTE.--The most eminent operating surgeon alive said : —"lf the use of inward instruments were persisted in, they would have to build a hospital to treat the CANCERS and TUMOURS created by them." EXTRACTS FROM A FEW LETTERS WILL SPEAK FOR THEMSELVES.

DON'T PUT IT OFF ANY LONGER. It is important that any wishing to see her should lose no time in doing so. Your neighbours on every side can testify to the benefit they have derived from her treatment.

A LADY FROM TATTENHALL, in sending a friend to be measured, also sent the follow- ing message :—" Tell Mrs. Slater I would not be with- out my belt for the world, although I have only had it a short time."

--••••■10, • • • --....1.11140111111111.

HAS DECIDED TO MAKE A SPECIAL VISIT TO WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAY NEXT. Y -ST. Visits also at the TEMPERANCE HALL, GEO RG E STREET,

, CHESTER, on TUES- . DAY, APRIL 30th, and _ _

, MA„ I. 7. ..--.. . ,:.•.:ei.•.;:::45, .- *.:.-iwat., 4.,... •,' . ' i*,-.;,.r,^..,- ' er. . .. , is ..f.-----‹ . - ~• %I _ . •:•.,____ ..., ,/,/,'" /.' •,• ' ..:-_-. ,', T 4,.. %%Vt.'''. , • . / l i - )1.• ),. I '

===== 0002601_19070427_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
"WORTH ITS WEIGHT IN GOLD."

The above was the remark passed by another 19,dy in regard to one of Mrs. Slater's Belts. A STOUT LADY RESIDING IN CHESTER and who had an appliance about a fortnight ago for difficulty of breathing in walking, owing to the weight of her body, said :—I walked further than I had done for eight years, I felt to well ; I cannot say too much about Tour appliances." ONE WHO HAS BEEN GOING TO THE LIVERPOOL HOSPITAL FOR FORTY YEARS, WROTE :

"Dear Mrs.Slater,--1 have only been wearing your Belt three weeks, but it has done me more good than any- thing else. I intend to do you all the good I can."

-ANOTHER FROM BIiOUGHTO SAID :-

"Doctors have all told me there was nothing but instruments would do me any good. A friend per- suaded me to see you, much against my will, as I had no faith in anybody, and a blessing it has been to me that I did so. Since doing away with the instruments and wearing your appliance I feel like another woman. I have never felt so well for twenty years." Hundreds like the above could be put down,but there is no room. What has been done for others may be done for you. ANOTHER WROTE FROM WAVERTON

"Like hundreds more I have suffered from the wear- ing of instruments, but since wearing your appliance I am now strong and healthy. It gives me pleasure to testify to the good you did me." ONE FROM NESTON WRITES

"Your appliance and —treatment- made another being of me. I had been an unfortunate wearer of an instrument, and no one but myself knows the suffering I went through. Since seeing you my life has been what it had not been for years—that is free from pain. I cannot thank you enough." ONE FROM MILLINGTON WRITES:— _

"It is-irTip-oWsible 10-rn;(1-31; --express my feeling of gratitude to you. If equally successful in dealing with all your cases no surprise can be felt at the success which attended your visit to Liverpool." - ANOTHER FROM SALTNEY SAYS :

"I 11;db—een-a7s—uffseTe—re—i: f—r-Onn-;17.1i-e-rnai-;;Jainesses for many years. Your treatment completely cured me, and I am proud to say I now feel as strong as ever I did in my life."

STOUT LADIES, THE COMPRESS BELT REDUCES THE MEASUREMENTS 4 TO 8 inches. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS SEE

IMMEIIIMMEINIMI

Partnersbiu4. tu4tneqsos.

CIHIP POTATO HUSINR-id FOR SALN,—Apply 55, LORD NELSON ST., Howley, Warringtoo,

lIAIRDRIUSSING and TOBACCO BUBINBSS for Bale bargain.—Apply 125, ORMSKIRIL RD, Wigan.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
MRS. SLATER

AT ONCE. LARGEST LADIES' BELT MAKER IN ENGLAND. ALL ADVICE FREE. NOTE ADDRESSES. HOURS: 2 TO 6 SHARP.

I There was a recrudescence PARLIAMENT of the Ritualistic question AND THE on Tuesday. We have not CHURCH. heard much about it since the Royal Commission on Ecclesiastical Discipline issued its report, but at a meeting of the House of Laymen of the Province of Canterbury on Tuesday, a motion was brought forward welcoming the report, and agreeing with its conclusions, which are, among others, that the law of public worship in the Church is too narrow for the life of the day, and it should be reformed in the direction of what is described at "reasonable elasticity." The resolution further went on to say that the House of Laymen welcomed the recom- mendation to issue "letters of business " to the Convocations, trusting that they will tesult in an amendment of the Ornaments Rubric, and in securing that greater elasticity in divine service, which the comprehensiveness of the Church of England and the religious life of the present generation demand. It looks like a plea for more liberty all round, but that is not its real meaning, as Lord HALIFAX was quick to discern. Under existing conditions almost any change would be a restriction, for the majority of

clergymen practically do as they like, either as to doctrine or practice, sometimes encouraged by their Bishops and sometimes defying them. Any change of law or procedure would almost certainly be directed towards the restriction of Ritualism. The hostile speech made by L >rd HALIFAX was of the firery and satirical kind, but it was inter- esting and valuable, as being under the iisguise of an exposure of what would happen under certain conditions, an unintentional but accurate description of the actually ex-sting situation. If, he said, the recommendations of the Cora- missioners were carried out—and clearly that was what the resolution had in view—the House of Commons, comprising Jews, incidels, and heretics, schismatics of every shape and shade, and a mass of men simply irreligious, would be invited to undertake the work of liturgical revision, for any law capable of being enforced must be passed through Parliament already. Under the conditions proposed Lord HALIFAX Contended, Mr. R'JTHSCRILD would diseuss the legality of the crucifix, Mr. LLOYD GEORGE would uphold the cope as the right garment for the com- munion aervice, while Mr. MASTERMAN would no doubt plead for chasuble, amice, maniple, and stole. Mr. MORLEY might argue for the disuse of the Athanasian creed with Mr. HALDANE, who esteemed it the most philo- sophical attempt to express the inexpressible. The language of prayer would be revised by men who believed that they died like dogs. The creeds would be overhauled by men who denied the existence of God—with more to the same effect. It is highly unlikely that any of the gentlemen named would do anything of the kind described, but if they were disposed to do so, what is to prevent them? Parliament interferes as little as possible with the doctrine and practice of the Church, but it could interfere on the large scale if it chose to do so. We agree with Lord HALIFAX that this ought not to be. It is illogical and absurd. A Church certainly ought not to be under the con- trol of a Parliament which contains men of almost all religious faiths, which has had members who were Mahommedans and Parsees, and other members who rejected all religious beliefs whatever. But what would Lord HALIFAX have? These are the conditions under which the Established Church is able to profess that it is the Church of the nation. There is only one way in which the Church of England can escape Parliamentary control. Lord HALIFAX knows what that is, and we commend it to him and to the other members of the House of Laymen as the only means by which the life of the Church can be broadened out commensurately with the religious life of the nation. Those who are demand- ing freedom to worship as they please, can get as much freedom as they like through disestablish- ment.

The game of politics often PARR-A-PHRASEOLOGY. strikes us as being a queer one, and certainly one of the strangest features in it is the way each side accuses the other of misrepresentation, and even worse things. All the charges cannot be ti ue, and probably a fair proportion are untrae. Possibly they fall largely on deaf ears, and at any rate there is no judge and jury to try their merits and demerits. There were some fair samples of politi- cal " charges" at the Grappenhall Primrose League meeting last wo.-1, the most terrible being uttered by the ruling councillor, Mr. J. Charlton Parr. His speech was of a peculiarly rancorous type and indicative of the soreness of the Tory wounds caused by the last General Election. Mr. Parr accused the Radical party 4$ in -- old-fashioned phraseology." of evil. speaking, . . . .

lying and slandering. this is one of the con.: solations allowed to the bruised and battered side. We might not have commented upon Mr. Parr's thus airing his op;nion of R,dical utterances, if he had not tarred himself with his own brush. The spectacle was too good to be missed. Mrl Parr raked up an old slander about the Premier— one that no one with a grain of common-sense believes. It was the old " metheds of barbarism" bogey unblushingly mis-used. Alluding to the conduct of our soldiers in the late war, Mr. Parr deliberately stated that " Sir Henry Campbell Bannerman characterised their exploits as methods of barbarism." Did he ? Could Mr. Parr honestly say " yes "to the query? Sir Henry has more than once denied such a use of the phrase, and his attention having been called to Mr. Parr's charge he has replied that" he does not think it worth while to take any notice of speeches of this description." We quite agree. It is not, but it is just as well to nail false coin to the counter whenever you come across it, or it may keep in circulation to the detriment of all who handle it. The Government likewise came in for consider- able abuse from the brotherhood of the sweet and simple primrose. But the character of a Govern- ment is not so susceptible to harm as'that of an individual, and the present Liberal Government needs little defence from us, Its legislation has so angered the Tories that it is obviously on the right lines. Toryism represents monopoly, and monopoly is getting its toes trodden on pretty frequently nowadays. Mr. Parr did not stop short at even the Premier and the Government, however. He had a smack at the unemployed—and a cruel ' smack too. It ill-becomes a reputed millionaire to talk about "subsidizing the unemployed; in other words those who prefer idleness to work,and would rather be fed out of the pockets of others than earn a decent livelihood for them- selves I" We have read or heard of no uukinder or more callous reference to those whose misfortune it is to be unemployed than this feom the lips of Mr. Parr. There may be, and probably are, unemployed of the type under which he classifies the whole, but these are not the people whom the Government and the nation desires to ist. It is a deplorable fact that there are tiiousands of men who prefer work to idleness, who ore nevertheless unemployed. And they are likely to remain so until the people take a toll of unearned increments from unsympathetic mem bers of the capitalist class like Mr. Parr. Unem- pteyment represents a serious economic evil and the victims of it do not deserve such a cheap sneer as that we have quoted. It is possible to improve the conditions which are responsible for their mis- fortunes, and we are convinced that the Govern- ment of to-day means to so influence the march of events that that improvement will, ere long, be visible and lasting.

Th 3 visit to Warrington on LIBERAL AGENTS' Monday of the Lancashire VISIT. and Cheshire Liberal agents was an event of consider- able interest in our local political life. There can be no two opinions as to the value of the work which these watchmen of the party—as Mr. Paiker aptly described them—perform, and the fact that they hold periodical conferences for the discussion of political affairs and party organiza- tion, speaks well for their enthusiasm in the progressive cause. It was gratifying to see such a large muster for the meeting at Warrington, and the gathering was unique in that it witnessed !a presentation to Mr. William Lord, of Burnley, the retiring chairman, who is deservedly held in respect by his co-workers. He has laboured indefatigably for many years to further the interests of Liberalism, and in recognizin g his services in such a pleasing way the agents were rendering honour to whom honour is undoubtedly due. To local Liberals the most interesting part of the day's proceedings was the social function in the evening, when the visitors were entertained by Mr. A; H. Crosfield, M.P., the Borough Member had a most cordial welcome and delivered a particularly interesting atd thougetful address.

I '-,' 7-1, ,:' .4: ; ~ 1 .--- '''i ,

===== 0002601_19070427_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r • #

===== 0002601_19070427_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Pe gave striking personal impressions of the leaders of the Party—the men who are in the van of the fight for progressive ideals—and his hearers Isere able to derive a good idea of the varying qualifications and characteristics of such brillian.; 'Workers as Mr. Lloyd George, Mr. John Burns, Sir Edward Grey,and Mr. Asquith. Mr. Crosfiell spoke convincingly of the achievements of re Government and of the great yet inspiring larsk which lies before'them. He rightly describe Asquith's budget as a masterpiece in matter and delivery—a democratic scheme and an example of thoroughly sound finance. A warm tribute was Paid to the Liberal-Labour members—several of tlhoin are old friends to Warringtonians—and t ) s really splendid work which their special 44,_equaintance with the needs and aspirations of va.l" working classes enables them to do. 'Laving emphasised the need for continue/I educational efforts to counter-act the sensational lap-trap of the Yellow Press, Mr. Crosfield con- thiscl by emphasising the power for good whin') pritish Liberalism should exercise not only in the loteteste of our own community, but for th, advancement of less fortunate peoples abroad. All P‘rogressives will re-echo his earnest hope that Pressing as was the duty we owed to our own Pe°Ple,—to the slum populations of England, to agriculture, and to so many other sections of the ,s(3olntuutrity—the tide of Liberal enthusiasm would ot have spent its force without extending beneficent influence to the wretched _People in other lands who ought to feel trle benefit of enlightened opinion and influence in J2,lagland.,,

If we are not mistaken the LAND REFORM. luncheon given to the Premier on Saturday by t2le National Land and Housing Association will a big step forward in the crusade for land 111"r111. The speeches of Sir Henry Campbell- in neerman and Sir John Brunner were exceed- significant and full of encouragement. There •"° no to half-hearted treatment of this great and "I th L question, and nothing could be plainer than ar. the Government is determined that the ng inequalities in the rating of land and 4Perty shall be swept away. At present, as Sir obe Brunner pointed out, "the poor men live „the dear land and the rich men on the cheap Housing reform is entirely dependent for I..":.cese upon a revolution of the system of local 7"n:lg—end that revolution is approaching with rlull; strides. The Premier, after expressing the OPe that a Valuation Bill for England would neome law during the present Session, spoke 71th a simple earnestness and eloquence on the reform which evidently lies near his heart. "T look behind the Imperial aspect." he said, "to the character and spirit of the people; for in help- ing to free the land we shall be helping to raise the People. Happy shall we be if to us it is given to disperse the cloud of gloom which has settled over our villages, to enable the peasantry to lift up their beads and call their souls their own—(cheers)--by giving them some little foothold where they will !Jo longer be tied men, but free. Happy shall webs If before our day is over we see brightness and c?lour and pleasant homes for the people in our cities and the figures of well-nourished children Playing in the gardens of our cities instead of the dismal and sunless streets, which are too often the Only playground open to them. And to achieve this happiness you and I are resolved." (Cheers). a_The words are worthy of Gladstone or Bright, and set the seal on that honesty of purpose, and ?h:rninded zeal, which even his enemies have to it are prominent characteristics of the Premier. w"...e Were glad to see that Mr. A. H. Crosfield,M.P., has" present at so noteworthy a gathering. Ha !requently avowed his concern for land and etruninng reform, and we hope that when the ref 1e comes he will be inhe forefront of the %tiers.

-- An influential deputation TR - II SMOKE waited upon the Sanitary -.BANCE. Committee of the Man- Wed chester Corporation on neaday to urge the adoption of more stringent easures to abate the smoke nuisance. Strong t'ff-urnents were used to indicate the serious injury x`„.' boalth and lite caused by a smoky atmosphere. liorcifall said that "in Manchester they had !ne dirtiest population in Europe "—presumably Naloke-begrimed. Various suggestions were made, ne of the most valuable relating to the inspection grates put in dwelling-houses, many of which are said to be totally unsuitable and such as sre bound to increase the smoke nuisance. More ttringent measures with offending manufacturers and their stokers were also mentioned, but the Committee's response to the appeals of the deputa- tion! was discouraging. The chairman said they had meetl the cry that they were harrying taannfacturers out of the city and that it was 119 e Manchester purifying her atmosphere unless ine:Rbbouring authorities stopped pouring smoke oh.° it. There is not much sense in such an JAction. It is practically equal to saying that 1,,,1eas von can abolish an evil altogether, it is no ti:(s reducing it by half. Municipalities do not litclat this question of a smoky and poisonous .4,ll:ll°Bl3here with the seriousness it deserves. hit Ztrnan Bennett chn testify to this locally, for triahuas been a voice crying in the wilderness for th,:l3' years. Scientific opinion is unanimous that h4%arnission of smoke can be reduced without lioll4`llcapping either the manufacturer or the house- -le'• It behoves local authorities to look ahead tie more and manifest the enlightenment that po° 6Xpects to find in their midst. Good trade is 'laible without bad smoke!

It is a curions situation A SINGULAR that at the time we are rIIENOMENON. selecting delegates to repre- sent us at, the Peace hference we should be confronted—little reason (-3; there may ba in some of them—with rumours wars and international suspicions which are tilost as inimical to the satisfactory discussion development of peace proposals. To one who ao able to take a detached view there may be naething anomalous in the spectacle of the Zitieh Prime Minister making a request for rloral disarmament when an Imperial Conference 17; formulating within nur borders proposals re or less menacing for both military and naval tinßolidation and advance. Moreover, Mr. aldane is introducing reforms with the ideal, we agto told, firmly fixed before him of "a nation in e 338.” Finally the King's pilgrimage of peace in a'anth Europe is producing a tightening of belts 434 tuuscles on the ramparts of an isolated lokeiters'oany ! The World's Fair in Berlin in )2,3'6 has been abandoned. Germany, as b atters are going at present, cannot lay out 00r millions in this way. She would avoid iilt.ravagance. But it is not only a question of 1;111Z the simple life. General von Einem, the ar Minister, has declared in the Reichstag that fire9eure has been brought to bear upon him to tsirs37 on the military programme before it comes er war. This is a singular outlook. If the King's ailliße in the Mediterranean and the interchange courtesy between Great Britain, France, Spain, 'atud Italy are to produce this effect 'tis passing a I:ange. The Kaiser takes original methods of gltating for disarmament.

The Yankee Style of Advertising. 1.1,"We guess and calculate that we can build you one of e smartest and most stylish fitting suits possible on are the largest producers of Gent's Al Tailoring _fis the universe (Warrington). Our suits fit the figure 0, clean as paper on the wall. Thlthe mit is artistically modelled in the newest style. /, '3 collar sits snug. The shoulders are smart. The t."ts are firm. The sleeves hang beautifully. The jonsers are cut to perfection, they hang smartly and "el) r i e th ins shape. n "(337 are so comfortable that you could almost stride gr the moon without fear of feeling that" painful s -eking '' sensation, so often experienced in " some " t? called tailoring. Altogether you could have one of 43" Most stylish suits, at very little cost, made by our Tan tailors (the finest that can be produced) and we Ily guarantee entire satisfaction to the most Du atou • • P,„ ng orders always to time.—HADWEN,.& CO., People s Tailors," 79, Bridge-street, Warm gton.

, CORONATION OF TUE MAY QUEEN. xtfunlS charming old ceremony will take place at trai tBf°l'd on Wednesday, May let. Cheap excursion 133 will be run. See Cheshire Lints bills.—Advt..

===== 0002601_19070427_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
W• HODGICINSOS LTD

LADIES' TAILORING. EXPERT WORE. COSTUMES FROM 3 GUINEA S

BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

The gallant fishermen of Hope Cove, who shinned down the cliffs and rescued 117 people from the Jcbba, have been awarded ;£1 each by the Board of Trade. They are now (says "London Opinion ") the most 1-Topless Coves on the coast.

The "definition of a lie" given in this column last week ought to have been labelled as a school-boy "howler," which it is said to be. At any rate it appears in an an article on the,-13 gems from the schoolroom by Dr. Macnamara, M.P. * * * He who owes nothing fears. nothing._—" Niumford."

Not by speeches and resolutions -of majorities are great questions decided, but by iron and blood.— " Bismarck."

At the root of all the steady pride of the bourgeoise of England is an irradicable awe and admiration the aristocracy.—" Dolf Wyllarde."

- So far as the Warrington Cricket Club is concerned their season commenced a fortnight ago but up to the present not a ball has been bowled. The cycling club have also suffered from the too evident humidity of the atmosphere but they number some bold spirits in their ranks and the official programme has been carried out if only by a very few. Fine weather is hoped for to-day when the unofficial run will be to Broughton.

* * * Delany Warringtonians were much puzzled as to the cause of the display of flags to be witnessed on Tuesday, Union Jacks and other emblems floating gaily on the breeze from the public buildings. After profound cogitation they succeeded in solving the mystery. It was St. George's day ! We believe our kinsmen from the Emerald Isle are much better versed in these matters, for St. Patrick's day would never be allowed to slip by without the " wearing of the green." We saw very few roses on Tuesday, but that might be the fault of the weather and the gardeners ! o *

A double disappointment befel Dover Socialists who had assembled in considerable numbers at the Town Hall on Monday night. Mr. J. N. Seddon, M.P., was announced to speak on " Socialism—a Dream or a Reality ? " but failed to arrive. After waiting for a while, the Chairman announced that Mr. Seddon had sent a telegram, asking them to meet 111% Richards, M.P., who had consented to take his place. A deputa- tion went to the station, but Mr. Richards did not arrive. In the hope that he would come later, the meeting sang Socialist hymns, and speeches were given by local men, but Mr. Richards did not put in an appearance. o

There was a meeting of the experts in political war- fare at Warrington on Mmday in the shape of the annual conference of Lancashire and Cheshire Liberal agents. They represent the general staff of the Liberal army, and if the warfare had been on all fours with military warfare, an attempt at capture by the Conservatives might have been anticipated. Forty- three of the smartest electioneerers in Lancashire and Cheshire would make good hostages. They were allowed to come and go without interference, however, and, we believe, enjoyed their visit to the "good old town "coupled as it was with the Borough Member's generous hospitality. 0 0

A case of much interest to farmers and milk-dealers was heard at the Warrington County Court on Thurs- day. Briefly, the facts were that a consignment of milk from a Grappenhall farmer to Bedford Leigh was left on the Thelwall station platform on Sunday, December 16th, instead of being taken by the morning train. As a result the milk was wasted, and the farmer claimed damages from the L. and N-W. Railway Company. From the evidence it certainly appears that the Company was responsible through its servants, but unfortunately for the plaintiff he had to prove " wilful misconduct " and this he was unable to do. It appears that the milk is carried at owner's risk unless "wilful misconduct" on the part of the Company's servants can be proved. Whether the guard of the train was guilty in this respect or merely negligent is an open question, and the verdict conse- quently went against the farmer. The latter is to be sympathised with, for the Railway Company appear to accept little responsibility for the carriage of so perishable an article as milk. * * *

A Salford parent has been complaining of the necessity for paying an additional sum to a profes- sional penman to have the children at the municipal elementary schools taught to write. He says : "Yesterday my daughter came, bringing a message, substantiated by an advertising document, in which it was declared that for three weeks daily half- hour writing lessons would be given after ordinary school hours at a certain charge." The Complaint is certainly a curious one. We always understood that handwriting was included in the " three R's" which are supposed to form the basis of elementary education. If the Salford teachers cannot, or do not, teach the scholars how to write, it is a sad reflection on present-day methods of training the young. There is Surely no ground for such a complaint in Warrington? Perhaps some member of the teaching profession will write us on the .question * * *

The following are a few gems from Liverpool school children's essays on our Colonies and dependencies:— "There is a duty on salt in India, and most of. the natives cannot afford to buy it, and large numbers die of worms every year."

• "Nigeria produces gum called Arabic; it is used for rafiking varnish, and varnish is a very useful

paint." "The rhinoceros had two white ivory tusks, which projected from its forehead." "It was at Khartoum that Lord Kitchener gained such a victory and gave a death-blow to the slave trade."

"The country of Egypt is very ancient, dating from the time when Joseph was there serving Potiphar." "Tin from Nigeria costs :Z1,400 per ton. What we call tin is a mixture of common minerals. This shows that Great Britian can supply herself with tin." "Calcutta was the place where a number of English- men were forced to go into a little room." " Rubber, I understand, is first of all the juice of the lime tree; then it is put in the sun to harden. It is a very useful product.' "West Indies has made great progress in her industries. The English seem since the creation of the world to have always succeeded in these .kind of matters."

===== 0002601_19070427_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
e;C. •

From a record of the Palatine Court of the Duchy of Lancester, it appears that in the year 1400 Thomas Graner, of Manchester, had constructed fir the Prior of Warrington a" horologium " which had not given satisfaction. It is disappointing to find (says the " Manchester Guardian ") that this early reference to a local industry should be contained in the customer's complaint against the maker of the article. What was the " horologium " ? The name shows that it was a timekeeper, but the word would apply equally to a water-clock or a siundial. Fortunately Bishop Reginald Pecock, whose "Repressor of over-much Blaming of the Clergy " was written about 1449, has a passage in which the precise meaning of " horo- logium" is exemplified. He is speaking of various ordinances as based on Scripture, and points out that many things which are lawful are not enjoined or even mentioned in the Bible. "In all Holy Scrip- ture," he says, "it is not expresssd by bidding, coun- selling, or witnessing, or by any exampl) of person • • • that men should make and use clocks for to know the hours of the day and night, for though in eldest days, and though in Scripture mention is made of orologiß showing the hours of the day by , shadow made by the sun in a circle, certes never save , in late days was any clock telling the hours of the day and night by peise and by stroke, and open it is that nowhere in Holy Scripture is express mention made of any such." So the horologium was probably a sun- dial. How the Manchester manufacturer and his Warrington customer composed their differences does not appear, but it is a fact in the industrial history of Manchester that at the end of the fourteenth century it was a place where sundials were made—even though they did not give satisfaction to the critical Prior of Warrington

===== 0002601_19070427_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

Index to Inside Pages.

Page 9

"The Exploits of the One-Eyed Man." Women's Chat and Fashions. 3. Mrs. Humphry Ward (a Criticism). Crowning of the Temperance Queen. Important Milk Case. Local Church News. Hoist Fatality : Inquest. 6. Local weddings. Local Companies' Affairs. Memorial to Councillor Brough. Education Committee. 7. The Crusade for Land Reform. Football.

THE ACADEMY ST. CAFE, Buttermarket, make a special line of Hot Suppers every evening.—Advt.

UNDER THE CLOCK for Good BOOTS. Advt.— Coming Events. The anniversary of the Warrington Ragged School will be celebrated by the holding of special services in the Parr Hall to-morrow afternoon and evening, at which addresses will be delivered by Jr. John Kirk. Mr. C. E. Parker will presids over a public meeting on Monday evening, at which Mr. Kirk will also speak.

NORFOLK SUITS frOM 18/G—BANKs,Outfitter.—Advt. The Borough Member. Mrs. Crosfield and Mr. A. 11. Crosfield, M.P., Nverr3 present on Wednesday at the luncheon given by Mem- bers of both Houses of Parliament to the Colonial Premiers in Westminster Hall.

Sunday School Teachers' Association The quarterly meeting of the above association was held in St. James' Schools, Latchford, on Monday evening. The Rev. Fl. B. Firth presided over a large audience. The Rev.. J. T. Thetford, of Runcorn, gave an interesting address, and was warmly thanked for his services. A collection was taken on behalf of the association. Light refreshments were provided. THE ACADEMY ST. CAFE, Batterrnarket, give you a cut from the joint with two vegetables for Bd. Advt.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
PUBLIC BENEFIT.-UNDER THB CLOCK FO BE BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt.

Assault With a Poker. James Dagnall, 40, Chorley-street, Warrington, was fined 203. at the Borough Court yesterday for assault- ing Albert Smith on April 22nd. A. quarrel took place on the night in question between complainant and the defendant and his father, when the defendant struck him on the head with a poker, inflicting injuries which necessitated his going to the Infirmary for treatm2nt. Defendant said complainant knocked him down, and then he hit him with the poker.

SUITS made to measure.—BA.NKS, Outfitter.—Advt. Loyal Order Ancient Shepherds. The first annual bowling main in connection with the Warrington Branch of the above friendly society will take place on Saturday, 22nd June, at the "Oat and Lion," Stretton. Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., with his usual generosity, has promised to the committee a silver challenge cup for competition amongst the members of the district. Councillor J. Fulton Smith has also kindly promised to present a gold medal to the cup winner.

PREMIER IN NAME, Premier in quality. Premier Cycles from seven guineas.—Sole agent, J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt. N.S.P.C.C. The Warrington Branch of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children has during the quarter ended 31st March, 1907 inquired into 69 com- plaints of neglect, ill-treatment and other wrongs of childhood, of which all were found to be true, affect- ing 226 children and 103 offenders. Action was taken as follows :-62 cases were warned and 7 were prosecuted (convicted 7, discharged nil). The Society's Inspector made 411 visits of supervison.

THE ACADEMY ST. CAPS, BlltterM3rket, for the shilling dinner. Soup, Fish or Joint, Sweets and Cheese.—Advt. Btß CARRIAGES.—New and exclusive designs now showing.—.T. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Personal. Mr. T. W. Wright, senior assistant at the Warring- ton Museum, and who has been in the employ of the Warrington Corporation for the last 51 years, was on Tuesday appointed assistant in the Bolton Public Libraries.

Mr. Samuel Davies, the second oldest member of the Board of Guardians, having served 18 years, has been suffering from a very severe attack of influenza and bronchitis, and has been confined to the house for over three weeks. We are pleased to state that he is making satisfactory progress towards recovery.

CELLULAR SHIRTS from 2/6—BANKspotfitter.-Advt. Wear BANK'S Ladies and Gent's Gloves.—Advt. Forthcoming Wesleyan Bazaar. _ .

Wesloyans —of Warrington are making a. big effort to raise .7£1,000 towards the cost of the improvements and the new organ at Bold-street, Church, and with this object a grand bazaar will be held in the Bold- street schools next week. The hall will be handsomely decorated to represent a Japanese garden city and it is anticipated that the spectacle will be an unusually attractive or.e. Musical selections will be given by Mr. T. J. Down's Orchestra and Military Band. The opening ceremonies will be performed, on Tuesday by Mr. James Dodds, on Wednesday by Mr. C. E. Parker, Thursday by Mrs. H. Roberts, and Friday by Mr John Taylor. Particulars as to prices of admission &c., will be found in our advertising columns. , THE ACADEMY ST., CAFE, Buttermarket, give a splendid tea for 6d.—Advt. PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BE iT BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt.

Golf Club Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the Warrington Golf Club was held on Friday evening in the Assembly Room at the Lion Hotel, when Dr. Peacocke (captain) presided over a large attendance of members. The report and balance sheet which were very satisfactory were adopted. The following appointments were made : Captain, Dr. Peacocke ; Hon. Secretary, Mr. J. E. Birtles ; Hon. Treasurer, Mr. C. D. Parkinson • committee, Messrs. J. Evans, W. Richardson, WI Gorton, F. W. Wareing, W. Greenhouse, F. S. Horner C. Hutchings, T. J. Lee and Dr. Smith. The club prize, which has been won by Mr. F. S. Horner, and consists of a large silver cup and a small memento was presented by Dr. Peacocke, captain. The present. club house being in adequate for the large nuMber of members it was deciit.

BLOUSES, a grand selection from is. BANKS, Outfitter, Horsemarket st.—Advt. Factory Act Prosecutions.

At the Warrington Police Court on Monday, before the Mayor and other magistrates, Messrs. Rylands Bros., Ltd., wire manufacturers, Church-street, were summoned for employing a young person named Edward Walmsley during prohibited hours. Mr. Augustus Lewis, inspector of factories, said on March 22nd one of his colleagues, Mr. Sumner, visited the defendants' works, and found Walmsley, who was 15 years of age, at work in the packing department. The Bench would remember that a short time ago a lad employed after hours at these works unfortunately met with his death, and he (Mr. Lewis) had had to prosecute the firm in respect to that offence. The Bench inflicted a fine of £2 and costs (12 108. 6d. in all). The Whitecross Company, Ltd. ,were summoned for similar offences in respect to three youths. Mr. Taylor (Messrs. Greenall and + 'o.) represented the defendants, who admitted the offence. Mr. Lewis said that on March 22nd Mr. Sumner, a stranger to the interior of defendants' works, paid a visit there. Presenting himself at the entrance, he met two men. One of them disappeared when he stated who he was, and the other accompanied him. Mr. Sumner asked if a certain place that was lit up was the weaving depFt- ment, and the man said, "Oh, they are moving machinery out of there. It is over here." The place they went to turned out to be the warehouse, and Mr. Sumner was misled. As they were going there, Mr. Sumner saw lads running about the yard, and two of them dropped over a wall.—Mr Taylor said the work [was done by sub-contractors and every effort to ketp youths out of the works was made. The defendants were also summoned for employing five youths after hours on March 23rd. The Bench inflicted lines of 20s. and costs for each of the three boys, and ss, and costs for each of the other five—a total of £8 9s. Above all Wear BAYK3's HATS and CAPS.—Advt. G" HERALD " KITCHEN RANGES &" Peveril" Fir rates are unequalled. Inspection invited. Large , stock of Wood Chimney Pieces, eto.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-st., Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
SAVAGE SENTENCED AT ST. HELENS.

A Preston man, named John Johnson, was sent to prison, on Tuesday, by the St. Helens magistrates for five months, under most extraordinary circumstances. Police-constable Rigby arrested Johnson the previous night at the fair ground at Parr. He was conducting a sale of cookery, and was drunk and using vile language. Several people complained of his conduct. A resident named Greenough remonstrated with Johnson, where- upon Johnson attacked him. Rigby then took him into custody. At the Town Hall Johnson was placed in the same cell as James M'Garry and Michwl Hennessey, who had been locked up for drunkenness. Shortly afterwards Johnson attacked M'Garry in a most ferocious manner. Police-constable Gray (clerk) was attracted to the cell, and found M'Garry's face in a terrible state, and the cell splashed all over with blood. Johnson was hammering away at his fellow-prisoners. M'Garry was called, but beyond exhibiting his injuries, could not give evidence, as he had no clear recollection of what happened. The Chief Constable said that at Altrincham in November last,Johnson got two months for half-killing a publican. When he was put inside the cell he there assaulted a prisoner most violently. The magistrates inflicted a sentence of one month for drunkenness, and two months for eash of the assaults— five months in all.

WHOLESALE SHOPLIFTING. Elizabeth Howarth, a respectable-looking married woman of 146, Peckershill-road, was charged with six cases Of theft. The Chief Constable said the woman , was arrested on Monday night, the 15th inst., and on the I detectives visiting her house at St. Helens Junction I they found a large quantity of goods which had been stolen. For some time the Cash Clothing Company and other shops in Bridge-street had been having a large number of articles stolen from the counters and door- ways of the shops. A special watch was accordingly set. On the 15th inst. the assistant saw the woman take the goods, and gave her into custody. She told Police- constable Griffiths that she was sorry she did it, and asked him to let her off as she had seven children. Five other cases were proved. Detective-inspector. Dunn spoke to tracing the other charges. Almost all the articles had been pawned at one shop in Sutton. When .he charged her, Mrs. Hovt .rth said, "I will tell the truth. I have only commenced to steal since baby was born. I was in great difficulties and had to do some- thing. I am guilty of stealing them." Her husband was an underlooker at Bold Colliery, but he had only had that position a month, during which time he had given her £2 a week.—Mrs, Howarth was sentenced to six months' imprisonment—one month on each charge.— The bench also ordered the pawnbroker to give up the articles without compensation.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

A CARETAKER'S POSITION.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Education Committee was held at the Town Hall on Monday when there Were present :—Councillor Fulton Smith (pre- siding). Miss Williams, Revs. Canon Morley Stevenson, J. Davies, N. Wilson and J. Yonge, Alderman Evans, Smethurst, Bennett. Councillors Steel, Toole, Ball, Dickinson, Nield, Ellison and Barton, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, H. Roberts, C. E. Parker. G. H. Kingdon, T. P. Bradshaw, C. S. Burgess, R. T. Fairclough, E. Plinston, G. Walker and J. Nloore Murray (director). A CARETAKER'S POSITION.

The Finance Committee recommended the terminating of the services of Mr. John Taylor, caretaker of the Parochial Schools. Councillor TOOLE moved that the minute be referred back. He could not help but think that the caretaker had been treated rather unfairly. If his information was correct no complaints had been made against the man during the eleven years he bad been caretaker, until five or six weeks ago. He understood that the school managers were in favour of giving Taylor another chance. Mr. T. P. BRADSHAW seconded. He suggested that the notice of dismissal should be suspended until the summer holidays to see how Taylor went on. Mr. FAIRCLOUGH said the man's work had never been satisfactory and the finance Committee had acted upon the suggestion of the Managers. It was true that the Managers were in favour of Taylor having another chance though he did not deserve it. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY strongly opposed the amendment. It was not the business of the committee to tolerate inefficiency in any department. Mr. ROBERTS asked how long the committee were going to tolerate hcompetence and neglect on the part of any of their officials. That was not the first time I they bad been asked to put a premium on incompetence. After further discussion a vote ,was taken and the amendment approved by ten votes to nine. The voting was :

===== 0002601_19070427_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S

"ROYAL GINGER"

BISCUITS.

THE NEW TEA TABLE DELICACY.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

MARRIED LADIES' CONCERT,

The married ladies of the Primitive Methodist Church, Legh-street repeated their concert of a fort- night ago, on Monday evening "by request." All the items were well readered. There was a very good attendance, and the effort has resulted in a balance of 10.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
CATHOLIC ENTERTAIN NTENT.s

An entertainment was given in St. Mary' Hall, on Saturday evening, by the children of St. Mary's Roman Catholic Schools, assisted by a minstrel troupe, from Windleshaw's Catholic Young Men's Society, whose jokes, stump speeches, songs and choruses kept the people in roars of laughter. The humorous interlude, "Coal and coke," by the Brothers Ripley, was excellent, and the stump speech by Professor Schlappembach was heartily enjoyed. The school chil- dren in their comic speciality " Mrs. Jarley's wax- works," deserve special praise, and the laughable sketch entitled "The burglary at Slappington Manor," brought the programme to a close. The Windleshaw Troupe gaye an excellent performance,and Miss Brown,the head- mistress of St. Mary's school, and her staff, deserve special praise for the training of the children, also Mrs. Dolan and Miss Swift, who acted as accompanists.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON URBAN COUNCIL.

The annual meeting was held at the Earlestown Town Hall on Monday afternoon, the chair being temporarily occupied by the Clerk (Mr. C. Cale). There were present :—Dr. Patterson, Messrs. T. Ormand, Coiling- wood, F. Harwood, A. Tunstall, T. Ritchie, M. Seton, J. Naylor and G. F. Clarke, A. Bowes (surveyor), and R. T. Surtees (water engineer). Mr. Collingwood said he had great pleasure in pro- posing that Mr. Ormand be elected chairman for another year. He had faithfully carried out the duties for three years, and they could not do better than re-elect him. (Applause). Mr. Clarke seconded, and said Mr. Ormand had rendered great service not only during the time he had filled the position of chairman during the past three years, but as a member of the old Board of Com- missioners. They had the greatest possible confidence in his ability to discharge the duites of the Council for what he had done in the past was a guarantee and surety for the future. (Hear, hear.) At the same time many membsrs of the Council no doubt aspired to the honour of occupying the chair. Every member should have an opportunity of attaining that honour. At the same time he did not wish to make a proposal which would interfere with the harmony and peacefulness which had characterised their meetings during the past year. He would admit they had differences of opinion at times, but they were differences which led to the best solution of many of the difficulties which came before them. (Applause). Mr. Cole put the resolution to the meeting, and it was carried unanimously. Mr. Ormand then took the chair, and said he thanked them heartily for again electing him as chairman, and for the kind words which had been said about him. He had much pleasure in acceding to the request of the Council. He had been greatly supported during his tenure of office, and had received the kindly sympathy and hearty co-operation of all the members. Whatever shortcomings he might have he knew that the kindly feeling which permeated throughout the Council would stimulate them to look over any failings of his *so that he might conduct the business as chairman of the Council in an impartial manner. (Hear, near.) He was pleased Mr. Clarke bad mentioned the quertion of a successor. If he (Mr. Clarke) had not referred to it was his intention to have done so. This was his fourth consecutive year as chairman, and he thought at the end of the present year he would have a claim upon their indulgence and ask them to release him from the duties. He thanked them individually and collectively for their sympathy and support during the year, and hoped they would support him in the future as they had done in the past. (Applause.) . . . .

The Chairman concluded 'by proposing the re-election of Mr. Thompson as vice-chairman. They could not possibly get a better man for the position. (Hear, hear). Mr. Clarke seconded, and the motion was carried, _

On the proposition o'f Mr. Clarke, seconded by Mr. Naylor, the committees were re-elected. It %%as decided that the ordinary monthly meetings of the Council be held as last year, namely, on the first Monday in each month at 5.15 p.m. The Chairman said he had received a petition from the residents of Wargrave relating to the state of the sewers. The petition was signed by 123 residents of Wargrave and Bradley-road, and it called attention to the unsatisfactory state of the sewers. Very offensive smells issued from them and they wished to draw the Council's attention to the matter. He (the Chairman) moved that it be referred to the Highways Committee. Mr. Clarke seconded, and the motion was carried. LORD NEWTON AND THE LORDS.

'Lord Newton presided over the annual meeting bf the Newton division Conservative Association on Saturd,ty. He said the Budget had been brought in clearly to re-assure the middle classes. The Government, warned not only by the speeches of Lord Rosebery but also, no doubt, by recent municipal elections, had realised that property was being alarmed, and the result was that we had a better Budget from Mr. Asquith than he, at all events, had anticipated. He had little fault to find with the Budget as a whole. It had always appeared to him that if you once established the principle of graduation there was no particular logic in stopping at the sum of one million and the only explanation that ever occurred to him for this stoppage at one million was that there must have been certain eminent and influential members of the Radical party of the time in the enjoyment of possessions worth considerably more than a million, who objected to being taxed more highly in consequence of that fact. He believed that the Budget would give fresh impetus to the fiscal reform movement. It showed clearly enough the utmost that could be got out of the Free Trade system under the most favourable circum- stances. It was sufficient to show the densest person in the country that in order to carry out the various schemes and promises of the present Government it would be absolutely necessary to discover fresh sourbes of taxation. Those sources of taxation were not going to be discovered under a system of Free Trade. Speaking of the reform of the House of Lords,Lord Newton said that the Government seemed in a state of some perplexity as to what they ought to do with this question. Attacking the House of Lords was not such an easy matter as people supposed,and the Government were beginning to experience some difficulty in making good their boast. He could hardly see what they were going to attack the House of Lords upon. Supposing an excuse was found, what guarantee was there that the country would side with the Commons. It was always assumed on Radical platforms that members of the House of Commons must be intensely popular because they were elected. His own opinion was that the affection for elected bodies in this country was very much over-rated. It never appeared to him that the House of Commons inspired the public with any extraordinary admiration or confidence. Nor did he feel sure that there was that interest taken in the House of Com- mons that was generally supposed to be taken. People, of course, bad different gauges of popularity. His gauge of popularity was the halfpenny Press. You would find far more in any widely circulated halfpenny paper about football or about racing than about the House of Commons. He thought we suffered from a plethora of elected bodies, and he believed that much of the popularity and much of the influence which the House of Lords enjoyed was due to the fuct that it was not an elected body whilst it was, in a certain sense, a representative body. From the fact that he had intro- duced a bill for its reform it would have been deduced that he did not consider the House of Lords a perfect I institution. Its defects were clear. It was too large a body. It contained a certain proportion of men who had no taste, or were, perhaps, not particularly well qualified for legislation. It was net sufficiently repre- sentative, and one party was always so predominant that, however just its decisions might be, and however fair and impartial,. yet appearances gave those decisions the impress of party character. But it was only from the *Unionist patty that real reform of the House of Lords could pro- ceed. The Liberal party did not care twopence about the constitution of the House of Lords. All they wanted was an assembly which would merely say " ditto "to the House of Commons. Whether it was composed of the most eminent people or of the biggest collection of fools that could possibly be got under one roof, it would be all the same to them, provided it was not allowed to exercise the right of veto. It had been said that he had introduced his bill at an inopportune time. He did not agree with that. The changes he proposed would, undoubtedly, have been more opportune had they been proposed years ago ; but,if they were required, that was no argu- ment for not proceeding with them now. What he hoped to arrive at was some sort of basis of settlement upon which moderate men on both sides would find themselves in agreement. What all sensible people wanted was a aecond Chamber which should be as efficient as possible. This could be obtained if the Unionist party showed itself determined to deal with the question.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VOICE OF LABOUR.

Edited by John Workman.

Readers of this column are invited to assist in /malting it interesting and helpful to social workers. by contributing themselves. _

Correspondents must write on one side of the paper only, and endeavour to make their letters and notes short and to the point. A nom-de-plume may be used, but the real name of the writer should be forwarded in confidence to the Editor of the column. M.S.S. must be addressed to John Workman, " Examiner " Office, Warrington and should be sent in not later than Wednesday in each week.

The numerous letters of congratulation which the Editor of this column is receiving from week to week are sufficient evidence that the contributions are being read with interest and approbation and that the "Voice of Labour" is being heard throughout the town and district. We believe that our readers will agree that the various writers have endeavoured to briefly state their opinions in a straightforward and intelligent manner and that the privilege of ad3ptin!; a nom de plume has not been abused. That is as it should be. Probably, the column could have been made more personal. It has been suggested that, in future, the Editor m ght very easily refer to certain speeches of local gentlemen and criticise them from the labour point of view. In fact, his attention has this week been drawn to a speech delivered at the Primrose League by the ruling councillor, Mr. J. C. Parr, wherein the following suggestive sentences occur. "He could touch upon many other interesting points, for instance the reduction in the navy, the re-modelling, or as many think the practical destruction of the army. All for what? To get money for a visionary scheme of old age pensions and for subsidizing the unemployed in other words, those who prefer idleness to work,and would rather be fed out of the pockets of others than earn a docent livelihood for themselves. (Hear, hear.)" The inference to be drawn is that the "who prefer idleness to work, and would rather We Rd out of the pockets of others than earn a decent livelihood for themselves" are the poor, uneducated, unsophis- ticated bottom dogs. The people who live upon the, labour of others, however, are oft times termed "rich," and can well afford to do without a pension, but they are the only ones to-day who can claim—and take good care they get—a pension from the State. We would like to afld that such a statement, coming as it does from an educated gentleman, is to be deplored. We could say something, too, of the fact that the political pedestal of the local Conservatives is await- ing its appropriate statue, as was referred to at the Junior Conservative Meeting the other evening. It has been hinted that perhaps the local Conservatives are so ashamed of themselves for allowing Mr. A. H. Crosfield practically a walk-over that they will at the next Election allow the Labour Party to fight the straight fight with him, and will not intervene. Mr. Crosfield is not a Socialist, and it may teach him a few essential things to cross swords with a Socialist candidate.

JOHN WORKMAN.

" Walden " is a Socialist and be therefore has ideals. A Socialist without is almost as impossible as a Conservative or Liberal with ideals. It is passing strange but the public will read of Socialism whilst Conservatism and Liberalism contain the stuff that folks ere tired off. They lack finish; and neither is beautiful compared with the commingling of music and fancy and commonsense of Socialism. 'Listen ! A SPRING MORNING.

"Awake 0 North wind, and come thou South, blow upon my garden, that the spices thereof may flow out." Thus the song of Solomon, and truly we see signs that the glad invitation is receiving some response even in so captious a climate as ours. The fields and hedgerows wear the tender vivid green that fades all too soon as the season advances—the brave daffodil

That comes before the swallow dares And takes the wind of March with beauty is passing quickly, and the shy violet is hiding in the woodland glades. 'Tis Shakespea,re's birthday to-day as I write, and I cannot resist quoting his tender apostrophe to

- The violet in the youth of pritny nature, Sweet not lasting, fleeting, not permanent, The perfume and suppliance of a minute. The broad earth that William Morris loved so passion- ately revives herself in nemness of life, and one, looking across the long stretches of meadow and woodland, wonders why men should herd together in town and city slums. The earth reproaches us for the little use we make of her bounty and scouts us for the crass stupidity which allows her treasures to be filched by the few to the detriment of the many. I cannot be rapturous for five minutes, Mr. Editor, before some miserable reminder reaches me that even where land is plentiful, where there is plenty of space, the rottenness of our individualistic (so-called) system compels men and women to herd together in tenements worse than those provided for horses and dogs and pigs. _

A clergyman's wife writing from Devonshire says: "During the nineteen years we have been here 21 cottages which were then inhabited 4re now fallen down in ruins, and no new ones have been built. The people in a condemned cottage cannot move, because there is not a vacant hom.o. More cottages are sadly needed."

The cry comes from Hampshire :—" New cottages are rented before they are.finisbed." A labourer from Leicestershire writes :—"You have to stop in them until they are ready to fall down, and then go to the town or do as you can." A Parish Councillor from Huntingdonshire says :—" Cottages very small and squalid; railway carriages sometimes used as houses.' So the sweet country places that we generally associate with loveliness and peace are not free from the evils of overcrowding and isnanitation. But it is not more land we want ; but only the proper control and use of what there is both in town and country. Perhaps the proposals of the present Government may bring U 9 a few inches nearer the goal? I wonder. _

WALDEN.

HOW POLITICAL PRISONERS ARE USED IN RUSSIA.

The Dania Commissioners' report, which was read on Tuesday at St. Petersburg, and the truth of the major portion of which was admitted by the represen- tative of the Minister of the Interior, constitutes a horrible catalogue of tortures inflicted on political prisoners and suspects with the object of extracting confessions.

The report begins by stating that a special com- mittee was appointed at Riga for the purposes of tortures, and that the Government, with the know- ledge of the administrative authorities, the public prosecutor, and the colonel of the local gendarmes, empowered the committee to kill accused persons without trial. Some of the descriptions df tortnrts employed are unprintable. The report alleges that finger and toe nails and hair were torn out, and that prisoners were flayed with indiarubber sticks until the flesh was hang- ing in strips. Salt was then rubbed in. Oue young man who was shot after having been tortured had one leg almost cut off and his body covered with wounds. Another man was tied to a bench, a plank laid across his body, and men sea-sawed on it until the victims back broke. The police jumped on the body of a third lad until his chest bones were smashed in. The maimed wretches were generally shot near the Riga Central Prison.

" The Scout "has given us some very interestine , articles on Labour Problems but we think that, pro- bably, this week he puts the question, so far as it affects trades unionists, in the proverbial nutshell ! 1 Objectors to his scheme will please write on one side of the paper only and let their replies he sent in on or before Wednesday morning. The results of such a I scheme may or may not speak for themselves. The I objectors ought to.

ARE TRADE UNIONISTS SHORT-SIGHTED IN THEIR pourms ?

1 In giving an answer to the above question, if we are to be guided by local experience, then the answer must be in the affirmative. It is estimated that the/re are not less than 3,000 trade unionists in Warring- ton, which is an average of over 300 for each Ward in the town. If it were possible to unite them into one political organization,—and it would be possible if they were sensible —there is no reason why there should not be a fair proportion of representatives both on the Town Council and Board of Guardians. What fair-minded man will say that the workers have no right to be represented by men of their own class? At the present time there is not a single direct trade union representative on either public body. It has been urged, and no doubt will be again,that working- men cannot afford to give the necessary time to the duties of Councillor or Guardian That may be quite true, bnt is it honest to ask a workingman to devote his time to these duties in the interest of trade unionists, and to suffer financial loss in addition, by having, to attend meetings during the day, and to meet ''other expenses inseparable from the position of a public represent ktive ? The financial difficulty raised by opponents of labour representation is simply a" homey,' as I shall be able to prove. As I have stated above, it is .estimated that there are 3,000 trade Unionists in Warrington. If they were alive to their own interests, they would be willing to each sub- scribe a halfpenny per week to a local fund. Thi& would bring in a annual revenue of £325. The following illustration will indicate how the money could be used to advantage : ESTIMATED ANNUAL INCOMS.

s. d. By subscriptions from 3,000 members at id. per week ESTIMATED ANNUAL EXPENDITURE. . To rent of room for meetings 5 0 0 „ Secretary's salary lO 0 0 „ 20 Open-air meetings „ 2 Demonstrations in Parr Hall l7 0 0 „ 5 Election contests „ Loss of wages and incidental expenses (average ss. each per week) for 15 representatives 195 0 0 „ Sundry printing, etc. „ Literature for free distribution „ Postage, etc.

£325 0 0 The above illustrates what could be done by trade unionists' subscriptions alone, but I know from experience, that there are numbers of other men who would be willing to subscribe to a fund for labour representation on independent lines. Then again, it is quite probable that some of the representatives would not be required to undergo a contest when their tune came for seeking re-election. This would decrease the election expenses and provide a surplus, along with subscriptions from outsiders, which could be used either for public meetings, or other forms of propaganda. Will the trade unionists take action on the lines I have indicated? The employers of labour have recognised the value of combination, and formed what is called an Employers' Parliamentary Council, which is composed of both Liberals and Conservatives, with the declared object of protecting their interests as employers. We have also had numerous instances on our local Town Council, of employers of labour dropping their party politics and acting together to defeat the demands of Labour. Seeing thst the only property the working man possesses is his labour, it does appear to me that he ought to use every legitimate Means to ensure for himself the best possible return in exchange for that labour. Industrial combination is necessary in order to get the best results from trades unionism; political combination has become absolutely essential.

Let those who object to my sug,gestious state their views, and if they can prove other methods to be better then I am prepared to help as far possible to put their suggestions into practical operation. Nothing would give me greater pleasurA than to have my views criti- cised .by any of the leading trade union offi'.iials in Warrington. The more representative the official, the more delighted shall I be to" take him on." THE SCOvr.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
CHINESE LABOUR.

Government's Firm Attitude.

An Ultimatum to the Mine-Owners.

JOHANNESBURG, Thursday.

INVESTORS Should Consult with Mr. CLAYTON, whose knowledge of Real Estate Value is of infinite importance.

UNDISPUTED He, as Principal, buys and sells more FACT Properties than any half-dozen firms in Manchester, thereby gaining knowledge in the most practical way. ADVICE

FREE. Can you do better than accept it?

SMALL INVESTMENT.

5 Shops _ (Rent) £BB 2

0 4

40 13

All payments Net Income £47 8

PRICE £220.-211- PER CENT.

MR. CLAYTON, 18, Albert Square, Manchester.

TELEPHONE No. 4682.

The" Daily News" special correspondent telegraphs as follows—:

During the past week the mining houses have made private offers to the Government urging the renewal of the contracts, with the result that they have been defmitely informed that the Chinese must go as the contracts expire and any possible renewal will only be for a month or two. The mining houses have been warned by the Government that if they do not hasten to provide labour substitutes for the Chinese repatri- ated they will suffer, as the Government will not allow the mines to be closed.

Tbe Government now holds an impregnable position_ Never was it more certain than now that the Govern-- ment are determined to end Chinese labour, as whites, natives, and labour-saving machinery, such as the Gordon drill, are available as substitutes. A meeting took place in Johannesburg last night, at which 3,000 persons were present, to consider the unemployed problem

The- first resolution urged the Government to take more adequate steps to meet the unemployment caused by the five years' misrule on the Rand than by extend- ing the offer of the late administration of 2s. a day and food on road construction.

The second resolution favoured legislation com- pelling the owners of alienated mineral areas actively to exploit them, or relinquish them to the State ; and, furthermore, that for a period of two years any mine employing fewer whites or paying them a less aggre- gate wage than was paid for January, 1907, shall in respect of each month in which such reduction took place, as shown by the official monthly returns, be taxed at the rate of 5 per cent. on the mineral value of the mine.

Both resolutions were carried unanimously, and it was decided that the unemployed should march to Pretoria and present the resolutions to the Govern- ment. The speakers dwelt on the fact that they did not want relief work, but employment in the mines, and pointed out that Mr. Robinson was opening nine new mines. These resolutions indicate the trend of popular sentiment on the Rand.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
DR.WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS

Painful disorders of the skin, boils, pimples and rashes are common afflictions at this time of the year; they are significant signs that the victim's general health is bad. During the long dark winter

id C I/4,/ o•

===== 0002601_19070427_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
WEAKENED AFTER A LONG WINTER.

months the blood becomes impovertihed and impure, and with the change of season there comes a feeling of weakness, languor and general depression that can only be dispelled by purifying and enriching the vitiated blood.

been Primarily. due -to defective knowledge of the chemical principles involved in its That is just what Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale production. In proportion, however, as its manufacture ' People do, in a manner not achieved by any other came more and more to be recognised as a complicated medicine. Outward applications and harsh purgatives problem of chemistry and engineering it had profited merely tinker with the symptons without curing the by the immense developement in these sciences until cause of the trouble, but Dr. Williams' Pink Pills latterly by the introduction of complete scientific con- banish all spring ailments and weaknesses through the trol and b•y improved machanical methods, it had finally blood. They are also a powerful nerve tonic and emerged from the empirical phase into its present restorer. Miss Nellie Lewis, aged 20, living as Aish, position as one of the largest chemical industries of the near Totnes. Devon, states : day. By the aid of lantern slides,he illustrated the gradual evolution of the machinery employed in the cement Every year I used to suffer severely, and medical industry, culuminating in the most modern type, such as was being laid down in Messrs. Crosfield's new cement men each time experienced increasing difficulty in ' bringing me back to health. Last year again my works, now approaching completion. All these changes , he noted, emphasized the medern tendency -towards I labour-saving appliances and automatic devices, which I not only reduced the cost of production to a health failed. Violent headaches attacked me in the minimum, but by eliminating, as far as possible the morning. I grew pale, languid and weary ; in fact, I personal element, secured an almost, absolute constancy had no strength for anything. My appetite failed corn- in results. _ pletely, and I turned against fc.md of any kind, for no . . _

EVERY YEAR HER HEALTH FAILED.

- The process of manufacture, Dr. Prentice explained, matter what I ate, sharp shooting pains cut through my was divided into three stages, viz., the mixing of, the chest. I lost weight; my cheeks became hollow and raw- materials, the calcination and the grinding, my skin sallow and rough. I altered so for the worse although there were various methods in use for the that one friend did not recognise me. All my blood first /stage of manufacture, according to the physical seemed turned to water, and though I struggled to' nature of raw materials, the one almost universally throw off the weakness and miserable feeling, the task employed in England was the "wet process," in which was beyond me. Soon I became so weak that I could chalk and clay were mixed in certain definite chemical not walk a dozen yards without feeling breathless and proportion and then reduced to a fine state exhausted. I consulted doctors, also I went into of division in the presence of water. The slurry so hospital ; but after all this treatment I felt just as obtained was next delivered by mechanical means to a despondent and ill. Then I recollected having read of 100-feet long rotary furnace, where the evaporation of many cures by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, the water and the calcination took place. It was in so I sent for a box, and began taking them. Soon I felt this operation, the lecturer explained, that the chemical a change for the better coming over me. At first changes occurred, resulting in the formation of those my appetite returned, and I slept restfully. I silicates ond aluminates of calcium, to which Portland

cement owed its hardening or " setting" properties, as , they are termed. In the final stage of the process, ' the semi-vitrified mass produced during the calcination gained strength steadily as I continued these pills, and was ground to an impalpable powder. The next part of then my cheeks filled out and a healthy colour returned the lecture dealt with the properties of a good Portland to them. I felt bright and well, and lost all trace of cement and the various tests—chemical and physical— the troubles that used to afflict me every year. I am by which these are assured, this explanation being delighted with Dr. Williams' Pink Pills; my cure was accompanied by actual demonstration, with the wonderful." apparatus in daily use. Apropos of the chemical proper- ties, it was pointed out that the grey colour common to all the Portland cements at present in the market, was Dr. Willianas' Pink Pills are valuable for both sexes, almost entirely due to the presence of a small percent- as they are a wonderful blood-making fleshforming, age of iron oxide, all the other constituents as he was nerve and muscular tonic. They have cured Aimmia, able to show by actual example being perfectly white. Indigestion, Rheumatism, Sciatica, St. Vitus' Dance, While this did not in the slightest detract from. its After-effects of 'lnfluenza, Neuralgia, Paralysis, and strength and suitability for ordinary purposes, it was Ladies' Ailments. Sold by dealers, or direct from the undeniable that its field of usefulness for artistic British Depot, 46., Holborn-viaduct, London, post free exteriors would be immensely enlarged if they were 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes for 13s. 9d. but remember able, as they hoped shortly, to produce on the commer- substitutes are useless, so always ask for

NEW STRENGTH AND BRILLIANT COMPLEXION.

. cial scale a perfectly white—cement. 1 In conclusion, Dr. Prentice threw on the screen a . numbers of views of buildings and other structures to DR. WILLIAMS' _ PINK PILLS illustrate the enormous recent developments in the application of cement to constructional and decorative work, especially in combination with steel in the form ; of ferro-concrete, one of the most valuable properties of the latter, its wonderful fire-resisting qualities being DIVED ON TO AN EXPRESS. demonstrated by a number of slides which contrasted An unknown man committed suicide in an extra- its behaviour under fire with that of oitlinary materials. ordinary way near Chartres. Mounting a railway bridge A discussion followed, the lecture, Messrs. ROBSON, when the Paris express was approaching, he dived off, FISHER, MARSHALL, WRIGHT, and JONES taking part. struck the locomotive, and rebounded into the cab, A hearty vote of thanks to Dr. Prentice, moved by falling on top of the fireman. He was killed outright, Mr. MARSHALL seconded by Mr. COBB for his most and the fireman was seriously injured. 'interesting and able lecture, was carried with applause.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
r 1

. . . r . .• . , • : -I,Aavnift,uks,: , - '

===== 0002601_19070427_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:: ii::

===== 0002601_19070427_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
, , • .It a 41, . .. I. ; ,r t 'al: 41- '..... T ~,,,-,... ,-, !.. ~ _ 4,,.....„.4,„ .... ..,.: ,4. ..,... st. • t

A cold, a chill, a fever, overwork, over- eating or over-drinking, may start a slight congestion and inflammation of the kid- neys which will at once interrupt their work of filtering the blood. ,It is this condition that starts the aching and makes your back so bad. You will make a grave mis- take if you do not treat the kidneys at once, for it is these small troubles that lead to dropsy, urinary trouble, of all sorts, gravel, stone, rheumatism and other kidney diseases. If you have any suspicion in yourmind that your kidneys are affected, take Doan's Backache Kidney Pills at once, there is no other medicine that will be so helpful. to you, it is a special remedy for the kidneys, yet so powerful that it quickly cures the cause, and so ends all the painful and annoying symptoms ; and cures, the diseases that arise from disordered kidneys.

WARRINGTeriI LEUNDERIa. "Five years ago Doans backache kidney pills cured me of kidney disorders, and I have had no returre of the troubles," esys Mrs. M. Dolooze, 13, Dolman's-lane Warrington. ." 1 have bad a number of people ask me about my • cure, and I have always told them what benefit I received from Doan's pills. Mine is indeed a

1/

Does your back ache? Do you get up tired and dull in the morn Does it hurt you to bend over, to lift anything, to get up from a chai Do you have sudden " catches " or stitches of pain in the back? Does a dull, throbbing ante settle in the small of your back and distress you day and night ? Do you sometimes find that , you simpiy cannot straighten up? If you do have backache, be careful not to make the - common mistake of treating it as merely a muscular trot:, " Do not think that you can cure it with linime; putting on plasters, for the cause of the tron inside, the cause is in the kidneys which are si ated just beneath the small of the back, one each side of the spine. _ _

Et:Ltr. 1 ,

j.

I) 4 444 . /A. _ ....-4.-

"a1)).-

===== 0002601_19070427_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
lasting cure." Here are the facts of Mrs. Dolooze's cure, which she gave us some years ago :--"For several years I was subject to kidney complaint, and at times my back was so bad that I could hardly walk. There were dreadful pains round my loins, and I used to come over giddy. My limbs ached and swelled, I seemed full of wind, and my kidneys were disordered. "I could get nothing to do me any good until I used Doan's backache kidney pills. After taking some of these I felt so much better that I was encouraged to keep on with the medicine, and I became all right , again. I always keep some of the pills by me, and if )1 feel the slightest pain I take a dose before going to 'I bed, and the pain is gone by the morning. (Signed), *\......„, -- Mary Dolooze." -7T ARE YOU A SUFFERER

From Backache, Rheumatism, Gout, Urinary Troubles, Gravel, Stone and other KIDNEY or Bladder Troubles? You can be CURED by

Backache ..... kache , Kidney . 4I ~ t e ".• . I,V5' ...11$ IA d-, 4k.z.w. , 11M77.7.0}7'71,-...,a4e-b1,,,,M,ar.r.....,....c, ~.... 41

Of all chemists and stores, 2s. 9d. per box; 6 boxes, 13s. 9d. ; or post free, direct from Foster-licClellan, Co., 8, Wells-street, Oxford-street, London, W.

s it , v,„.....::,,, 1 1 . 0 4 1 1 ..f. ... e. ........,tz,\ ;',.: , ~,, '...0,7 r9P ---,

Ling? a.? .4,.....,.. ; , very , /-'l------%-7'-' able • -7/nt or by - ble is . ft / 7 . ( / on • .--> / • ( / • .\\ / I 1 \'iS,,X• q \ ‘ 01.. ~,... \ I - . 3: .. • ../.; ... i q zi t - .... : (1 (11/ II 0 .1 1 , 1 cl • —,, • \ F,' ',-1,-= ,:•;:;;;"; '4,... 1,2.-s :07:14*;;."c.';',:fli 1 7,,i1t •v. - . j:,,i,.;. 0 ... ik•ti ii i ,V. , i V, 1 i i'l ii c ~, I , /1//. k 1 , i t % . .141411414?" 1 1114:.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
MEMORIAL TO THE LATE COUNCILLOR

BROUGEI.

Fadgate Wesleyans on Sunday paid a tribute to the memory of the late Councillor Brongh when they unveiled a marble memorial tablet, suitably inscribed, which has been erected by the members of the Bible Class, as an expression of their esteem for him Its a leader, and an appreciation of the valuable services rendered to the class. The ceremony was prelided over by the Rev. W. Mellor, and was witnessed by a large congregation.—Mr. Bert Mason having read a portion of Scripture, and the choir having given a very effective rendering of the " Horne-land," the Rev. J. F. Matthews spoke in eulogistic terms of Mr. Brotigh, his special adaptation as a leader of young men, his bright, cheery disposition and intense sympathy leading them to go to him in their difficulties, trials and sorrows, and of the great loss all had sustained by his death.—Alderman Bennett emphasized this, and also spoke of him as an ideal citizen, taking great interest in municipal, political and social matters, maintaining before the world in all these things a Christian spirit and character.—Mr. W. E. Plinston (in the absence through illness of Mr. James Gandy) then unveiled the tablet on behalf of the Bible class, and formally presented it to the church. Mr. William Bennett accepted the same on behalf of the trustees, thanked the young men for their gift, and expressed, with deep emotion, the gratitude of all for so beautiful a memorial. The tablet, which is of white marble, and has been erected by Messrs. Williams and Clay, of Warrington, lears the following inscription :—" This tablet is placed here in loving memory of Walter Brough, of the Grange. Fearnhead, by the members of his Bible class. By bright example and constant effort be sought to lead others to that light of life, which illumined his own path. He received the call to higher service on 22nd November, 1906, aged 57 years." "It is enough that Christ knows all and I shall be with Him."

===== 0002601_19070427_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
' A WOMAN VERGER.

An interesting character, has passed away at Alex- norongh in Lousia Harriett Dunk (64), who for twelve years has been verger at the Parish Church. She was appointed 25 years as a helper to the clerk and sexton, and on his death took over all his duties with the exception of gravedigging.

'DON'T DELAY IF YOU FEEL "OUT OF SORTS Or if you have a friend whose constitution has been weakened, whether ,by overwork of brain or body by exposure to the weather, by working long hours in ill-ventilated rooms, by recent sickness, or by any cause tending to weaken the bodily Powers; in a word, if be is one who suffers from any form of complaint which may be the result of any of the above or similar causes; if, for instance, you can see that he is troubled with Indigestion, the bane of our Country and of modern civilization; or, if you think he has Low Spirits, that sure sign of some Nervous Disorder, bringing in its train a host of other complaints such as Melancholy, Lassitude &c., or, perhaps, Neuralgia, and frequently, Sleeplessness, which of itself is sufficient to weaken the -strongest constitution, and to make life a burden; or, if being free from these, he is regarded by his friends or himself as being of a delicate constitution, subject to Bronchitis, Coughs, Colds, a tendency to Consumption, or other Chest Affections, and if he, like thousands of others, failed to get relief from other remediqs,tell him be need not be disheartened, that there is one Remedy whose virtues are so great,that it has succeeded where others have failed, and that there is hope he may be cured,as thousands of others have been cured before him by making a sensible and timely use of Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. If your friend then gives it a fair trial, he will be fully convinced, as others have been, that this is the Best Remedy of The Age. You or your friend may ask "What is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters ?" It is a Preparation now extensively taken throughout the country by patients suffering from Debility, Nervousness, and General Exhaustion, and if any value be attached to human testimony, the efficacy of this medicine has been sfuc- cessfully established. Its claims have been tested and proved by the medical profession and others, and corro- borated by the wtitten testimonials of eminent men. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters contain not only a suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose, but the active principles of the following wellgknown herbs— Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian Lavonpor, Burdock and Dandelion. The use of Quinine is well known, but it has never beeen satisfactorily combined with these preparations, until after overcoming considerable difficulties, the proprietor was able to secure a perfectly uniform preparation, combining all the essential properties of the above plants in their greatest purity and concentration. It is now estab- lished as a family medicine,and is increasing in popular favour the more it is known and tested. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a tonic " Pick-me-up " scientifically mixed in happy proportions. Sold everywhere in bottles, 2s. 9d. and 4s. ed. each. Should any difficulty be experienced in procuring Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitter; it will be forwarded carriage free for the above prices by the Sole Pro- prietors : The Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. We particularly caution our readers against imitators, and impress upon them the importance of always seeing that the name " Gwilym Evans" is on the Label, Stamp,and Bottle • without which none 15 genuine,

===== 0002601_19070427_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDS AND ENDS.

JOSH BILLINGS ON THE NERVOUS MAN. One of the most unkumfortabel kritters in this world iz the nervus man. He discounts all hiz griefs, and suffers more from trubbles that never happen than enny boddy else duz from trubbles that do "cum.

Hiz ears are like a-r-abi)lt's, always expectant of news of sum disaster, and biz nostrils are like those of the ass, snuffing misfortune out ov the east wind.

He steps az though he was walking on eggs, and lays down like a kat in frunt ov a rat hole, reddv for a spring. Tlieze poor phellows suffer without simpathy, and enjoy without satisfaeshun. The nervus man iz a long-lived bird; though hiz nerves are alwus strung, he lasts like an old phiddle.

Altho I lean't help but pitty the rlervus man, I am aware that he haz moments ov plezzure that are equal tew whole hours, they are so intensified.

Whatever he duz enjoy, he enjoys to the highest degree, passing the bounds ov reality; he revels in the illimitable' fields ov imaginashun and fancy. I think I would rather have more nerves than I could manage than not tew hay enny, and mope on thru life az sum men do, with nothing about me so excitable az mi relish for pork and beans.

"Weren't you frightened when your revolver missed fire?" "No; my wife kept the burglar off with a hat pin while I reloaded."

One of the first requisites for a clerical career is an iron memory for names. Disastrous conse. quences followed a fottetfulness on the part of an aged clergyman, who was introduced to a "Mr. Eddy," and addressed him shortly after- wards as `Mr. Whirlpool." "How do you do, Mr. Net?" asked another mnemonic recorder of names-. "My name is not Net, sir." "I beg your pardon—Mr. Hook, I should have said." "'No, sir, nor Hook. I had the pleasure of meet- ing you at the Philharmonic last week, and my name is Bate!" "Knew it had something to do with fishing," muttered the mixed-up memoriser, as he walked disconsolately away.

Anxious Father: "I saw our darling daughter in the street today, - and she looked very un- happy miserable, in fact; only married a inonth, too." Sympathetic Mother: "Yes, I noticed the poor.dear. I'm afraid her husband snores."

"Soldiers must be fearfully dishonest," says Mrs. Countryside, "as it seems to be a nightly occurrence for a sentry to be relieved of his watch."

When you see a young man sitting in a parlour with the ugliest four-year-old boy that ever frightened himself looking in the mirror clam- bering over his knees, jerking his necktie out of place, rumplincr his silirt front, pulling his hair, kicking his shins, feeling in all his pockets for sweets, while the unresisting victim smiles all the time like the cover, of a comic almanac—you may safely say that the boy has a.sister, who is in a room , not twenty feet away, and that the young map doesn't come there just for the fun of playing with the brother!

Merchant (to applicant) : "Yes, I advertised for a boy. Where did you work last?" Boy: "At Blank's store." Merchant: " Why did you leave?" Boy:. "I got sacked for bein' too prompt." Merchant: "That's queer. Prompt- ness is an admirable trait." Boy: "Yes, but the boss said I was too prompt about 'goin home in the evenings."

It was in the middle of winter, and the head of a charitable institution was examining a number of poor children as to their claims to more com- fortable clothing. She said to a little girl who ,was pinned up in a thin shawl—" Have you any clothes at home?" "No, miss." "What have you got .on?", "Please, this is me mother's shawl, an' me dress is next, an' then comes me."

Mrs. Tibble : "I'd like a tie for my husband. Something suitable for a handsome, blonde man." The Saleman : "I see; something like the one I have on."

POOR RATE. At St. Helens on Tuesday, the county magistrates fixed the poor-rate for Windle at. 4s. 4d. in the pound. Mr. Range, assista.nt overseer, said that was the same amount as last year and there were no arrears.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, SRturdays April 27, 1907.

A. Lees 33 5 7 12 1 M. Yewlett 21 5 7i 10 I T. White 23 5 7 11 8

J. Ferguson 11:1 B. Avery 23 '5 10 13 7

A. Smith _ 25 5 10 13 8 J. Vowles '33 5 117 13 6 J. H. Wilkinson 30 5 8i 12 4 3. Longworth 22 5 9 13 2 H. Topham 28 5 10Z, 12 6

The absence of "Swinton" Dixon and Cash from the Oldham back division must improve Warrington's. chances considerably. There is no comparison between the two three-quarter lines on paper, and it was the weakness here which let Oldham clown at Halifax. Now that the teams are published most people here will confidently expect Warrington to win. I certainly do!

There will prlhably be a record exodus from War- rington to Manchester for the final. The. C.L C. are running eight specials and the L. & N.W. two specials and in all probability about 5,000 people will accom- pany the Warrington team.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CUP FINAL.

PREPARATIONS FOR TO-DAY'S GREAT MATCH.

Will Warrington Win ?

[By " Ovalist."]

It is said that some of the most enthusiastic foot- ballers in Warrington already see visions of illuminated tramcars and hear the blare of imaginary bands playing the march of the conquering heroes. Certain it is that there is a good deal of confidence irt Warrington's ability to beat Oldham to-day and so win the Northern Union Cup for the sscond time. Many of the waverers have come over to Warrington's side this week, for the severe defeat of Oldham in the League final last Saturday is not without significance. Signs of staleness were said to be plainly apparent, and if this is the case then Warrington should have a certain success for there is no staleness about the Wirepullers at present.

The local team was probably never in better trim to fight a great battle than to-day, for the men have had an easy programme of late and should enter the field at Bronghton in the very pink of condition. The steady training of the last montli has worked wonders, and the physical fitness of the men was obvious even in the semi-final a fortnight ago. Both forward and back there was greater pace and endurance, and the faster the game to-day and the more Warrington should excel. The forwards will need to exert every ounce to get the better of the Oldham pack. Posses- sion of the ball is everything, and that secured the Warrington backs will be able to make good use of their opportunities. Let there be little punting and plenty of passing. The open game is the only one which suits the Wirepullers and if they stick to it they should win with ease. \

Warrington and Oldham have already met three teams this season and the results are not very flatter- ing to Warrington. The two League games resulted in substantial victories to Oldham by 17-8 and 14-5, but the other match was a Lancashire Cup tie and that one Warrington won. They are certaintly more to be depended on in cup-tie than League football, whereas the prowess of the Oldham men has been manifested the contrary way. From what I can hear Olaham think they can easily beat Warrington again. If that is so they should get a rude awakening to-day.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
It is interesting to study Warrington's cup-tie record since the commencement of the Northern Union Competition. The facts and figures show them to have a record which probably only two teams—Salford and Batley —can approach. To-day is Warrington's fourth appearance in the final tie, while they have made five appearances in be semi-final and lost once —the first time. Since 1897 they have taken part in 38 cup contests, of which they have won 24, lost 9,and drawn 5. They have scored in the aggregate 383 points to their opponents' 112.

The records of Oldham and Warrington in this season's tournament are as follows:

OLDHAM. G. T. P. G. T. P. v. Runcorn v. Halifax 2 210 1 1 5 v. Wakefield 1 4 14 2 2 10 v. Salford

4 9:35 3 315 W ARRINGTON.

G. T. P. G. T. P. v. Batley 5 834 3 1 9 v. Hull v. Huddersfield v. Swinton

16 18 86 6 218

The Wirepullers' figures are the 'more flattering of the two sets, but Oldham have certainly had the hardest struggle, seeing that only the first match was played on their ground.

" Dan " Isherwood played wing in the semi-final at Huddersfield in 1897, and he has played in each of the finals since. He is the only member of the 1897 team still doing duty. There should be no hesitation about granting the popular centre a benefit next season. He has well earned it.

The players of to-day who have narticipated in Warrington's previous finals are Fish, Isherwood, and Baardman (l 901) ; Fish," Isherwood, Hockenhall, Boardman, Naylor and Thomas (1904) ; and Hallam, full back ; Fisn, Isherwood, Dickenson, Kenyon, three-quarters ; D. Davies and Brooks; half hacks ; and Boardman, Thomas, Shugars, Belton, Naylor, Harmer, Swift and Cook (in 1905).

Every one of Warrington's team for to-day has had cup-final experience with the exception of Tilley, Taylor, and Lees. The ex-Saffordian, George Heath, got his " baptism "as a finalist, when playing for the " Reds.'

The following personal particulars about the con- testants in to-day's final will doubtless be interesting: Age. Height. Weight. ft in. st. lb. J. H. Tilley 28 5 81 11 7 J. Fish 26 5 WI 122 D. Isherwood 29 , 5 8 11 0 I. Taylor 23 5 8 11 8 lE. Brooks 23 5 8 11 8 S. Lees 25 5 5 11 0 T. Hockenhall 20 5 6+ 10 7 F. G. Shugars 26 5 10i 14 0 A. S. Boardman 27 5 10 14 0 G. Heatb 30 511 13 0 A. Naylor 29 5 9 12 10 G. Thomas 26 5 9 13 3 J. Belton 28 6 1 13 9 W. Harmer 24 5 11 12 10

The Warrington team has been selected as follows : Tilley, full back ; Fish, Isherwood, Taylor and Brooks, thee-quarters; Lees and Hockenhall, half hacks ; Boardman, Thomas, Heath, Shugars, Belton and Naylor, •forwards. Reserves: Harmer and Jordan.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OLDHAM TEAM.

An Oldham correspondent has sent me the following notes :

The final selection of the Oldham 13 will not be made until this (Saturday) morning. Seven forwards and eight backs were provisionally selected on Thurs- day evening. There is nothing unusual about the fact of an extra forward being bidden to be in readiness, hut the doubt is as to the constitution of the three- guar ter line.

"Birdie "Dixon is at present undergoing treatment for a damaged leg at Allison's Hydro, Ardxvick, and though his name appears in the selected 15 it is very unlikely that the committee will rely upon him after a fortnight without practice. It is more probable that Sam Irvin, the former South and reserve international, will appear at W.heater's Field. He is a steady man in defence though not such an attacking player as his reputation warranted one in expecting. Indeed, he has never fulfilled the promise with which he came North and has only played nine games this season with the Oldham first team,generally as deputy to Dicky Thomas in the latter's absence. He has, however, been doing excellent work with the reserves and is in good condition and a safe field and a good kick and a gallant defender.

The left wing is experimental, White being played at half back as a rule, though he figured at wing in the semi-final and scored one of the two tries by which Oldham reached the final stage. Arthur Lees will captain the side and he and his men are in the best of health and spirits and determined to make up for the loss of the League Cup by securing the other trophy. They are in much better form than they showed against Halifax. Rest and gentle • exercise have been the training this week and at the ,gene'ral practice on Thursday afternoon they looked a different team to that which went doll n so badly before Halifax.

The team will probably be: R. L: Thomas, full back; Tyson, "Billy" Dixon, Irvin and White, three- quarters; A Lees (capt.), and Yewlett ; Ferguson, Smith, Topham, Avery, \Towles and Wilkinson, forwards.

The following are the iersonal details of the Oldham men :

Age. Height.

... -- - ft. in. 5t..., lb. R. L. Thomas 29 5 7 13 7 Birdie Dixon 21 5 9 11 7 S. IL Irvin 28 5 8 12 7 W. Dixon 23 56i 13 0 G. Tyson 27 5 71 11 11

WORKS COMPETITION.

People who have closely followed the Warrington Works Competition have decided in their own minds that the championship is destined to be secure I by Rylands' representives. Throughout the clmpetition the team has played remarkably well and in all pro- bability popular opinion will not be falsified. Other teams have worked bard and deserved whatever success they have achieved but the Church-street men have shown a happy combination of a very creditable and effective character and in four matches have run up over 100 points. On Thursday thsy surprised Wilderspool Brewery in the semi-final and ran them off their feet. The game opened in a sensational fashion the winners crossing the line in the first minute, and a further try by Lloyd gave them a lead of• six points at half time. Within five minutes of the re-start passing amongst the backs saw the lead increased by ten points,Furness and Allen being the scorers, Philips kicking the goals. One of the Rylands' players was ordered off the field for rough play, and this somewhat equalized matters, but towards the close Gibbs added a try and a goal and time was called with Wilderspool defeated by 21 points to nil.

The nomination papers for Officers ani Committee of the Warrington Club and for special business will be on the n otico board in the Pavilion on the football field from 7.30 to 8.30 each evening from May Ist to Bth between the hours of 7.30 and 8.30...

Whilst Miss AtkinsOn, one of the guests, was getting into a carriage outside Christ Church she unfortu- nately slipped and broke a bone in her wrist. Miss Atkinson (who is sister to Mrs. Joseph Harrison) is very well known in the parish, and her misfortune has aroused mich sympathy. The bride and bridegroom have received a large number of handsome presents, includidg a brass gong and stool from the Girls' Class, a silver cheese and butter dish from the Mothers' Meeting, a barometer from the Sunday School teachers, a clock from the choir, a silver kettle from the day school teachers' and a roll top desk and purse of gold from the congregation.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LEAGUE

Saturday's match at Huddersfield of course settled the League championship, which has been deservedly won by Halifax. The latter have led the way all through the season, and to have been deprived of the honours by one match would have been hard lines. Still, Oldham have made such a qetermined effort of late that victory last Saturday would not too have given them the Cup, but the leadership only by a fractional percentage. Halifax made no mistake, however, and quite overwhelmed Oldham with a score of 18 points to 3 points. The League Table up-to-date is as4follows : Per-

For

Agst.

P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P.Colia-ge. Halifax 34 27 5 2 125133 649 41 50 229 82.35 Oldham 34 26 7 1 'BO 99 457 40 49 227 7791 Runcorn 30 23 7 0 75132 546 36 48 216 7666 Keighley 24 17 6 1 70 97 431 39 51 231 72•91 Wigan . 34 23 10 1 100152 656 52 58 278 69.11 Leeds 3O 19 9 2 74 92 424 50 67 301 6666 Elunslet 32 21 11 0 89114 520 66 74 '354 6562 Warrington 34 21 12 1 70138 554 56 64 304 6323 Broughton 3O 17 12 1 77114 496 35 55 235 58.33 Salford 32 18 14 0 75101 462 71 69 349 5625 Barrow 26 l3 12 1 42 83 333 55 82 355 5192 Widnes 2O 9 10 1 46 43 221 46 76 320 4750 Hull K.R 32 15 17 0 60 90 390 63 80 366 4697 Leigh 2B 12 15 1 42 78 318 58 65 311 44.64 Dewsbury 2B 12 15 1 57 93 393 58 87 377 4464 Wak'fild T 2B 12 15 1 48 84 348 56 99 409 4464 Swinton 32 14 18 0 52 68 308 64 84 380 4375 Bradford 3O 12 16 2 63 87 387 59 83. 367 43.33 Hud'sfleld 32 13 19 0 62115 469 84 103 477 4062 Rochdale 26 9 16 1 35 74 292 45 74 312 3653 Batley 24 8 15 1 48 44 228 52 74 326 35•41 St. Helens 26 9 17 0 58 86 374 46 87 353 3161 Hull 32 11 21 0 56 75 337 82 117 515 3417 York 91 5 19 0 35 50 220 74 122 514 2083 Bramley 2O 119 0 11 21 85 62 114 466 500 Liverpl. C3O 030 0 14 16 _76 183 344 1398 000 . .

The Pontefract Club having disbanded, - their- record has been withdrawn from the above table.

Tbe Liverpool City v. Bramley match:- November 3, havittg been cancelled, the points have been deleted from the above table.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
Swimming.

The Warrington Swimming Club open the season on Tuesday evening next when there will be apolo practice for the juniors at 7.30 and the seniors at 7.45. All members desirous of taking part in the polo this year are requested to attend. The Committee are looking forward to a successful season and ate making strong efforts to improve the polo te tm. Some very attractive fixtures have been arranged in the Ist divisiop of the Liverpool and District League including Wigan, Everton, St. Helens, Southport and South Hill. The opening match is with Southport at home on Thursday June 6th.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
CEMENT AND ITS APPLICATIONS

A New Industry for Warrington.

Under the above title a most interesting lecture was at the invitation of the Warrington Technical Building Students' Association, delivered last Saturday evening at the Technical Institute by Dr. Prentice (of Messrs. Crostleld's.) Mr. E. S. A. ROBSON, M.So.,Principal of the Institute presided over a good attendance and ropresontatives were also present from the Master Builder's Association. Dr. Prentice at the outset briefly surveyed the history of Portland cement, reviewing the successive steps, which led up to its discovery by Aspdin in 1824. He

showed tha't all the obsCacle-s, which had retarded its application .to .arts and industries had

===== 0002601_19070427_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDINGS.

Briggs—Fainlough.

A wedding, unique in the history of the parish, took place at Latchford Christ Church on Tuesday, when the vicar, the Rev. George Cecil Briggs, M.A.., was married to I iss Rachel Mary Theodora Fairclough, daughter of Mr. John Fairclough, Latchford Grange. This was the first occasion upon which the vicar of the parish has been married in the Wash-lane Church, and as Mr. Briggs is one of the most popular incumbents ever connected with the Church it was not surprising that the wedding attracted the greatest interest. Wash-lane was gaily decorated for the occasion flags and bunting floating gaily on the breeze whilst the parishioners assembled in large numbers. The seating capacity of the building being limited it was found necessary to issue tickets of admission and many who desired to witness the ceremony were disappointed. The east end of the Church had been prettily decorated with flowers, arum lilies, narcissi, almond blossom, dutsie, azaleas, and roses having been utilized with good effect by the Misses Fairclough and Miss Atkinson. Whilst the guests were assembling Mr. T. L. Fry, the organist, played a number of selections, :inluding "The Bride's March" from " Rebekah " Baray), " Communion " (Jules Grison) " Minuet " (Hy. Smart) and " Elevation" (Batiste). The bride was escorted to the chancel by her father and wore a very handsome gown and she was attended by three bridesmaids---Miss Marjorie d'Arcy Fairclough (sister), Miss Elsie M. R. Briggs (sister of the bride, groom), and Miss Molly Fairclough (cousin of the bride). The best man was Mr. H. P. C. Briggs, brother of the bridegroom. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. F. A. Screeton, M.A., Vicar of St. Thomas', Hyde, and formerly of Christ Church, Latchford, assisted by the Rev. H. H. Wright, Precentor of Chester Cothedral, and the Rev. F. F. Hicks, M.A., Vicar of St. Michael's, Chester. The choir gave effective renderings of Psalm 128, "Blessed are all they that fear the Lord," and the hymns " 0 perfect love," and "0 Father, all creating." After the register had been duly signed the happy Vicar and his wife departed to the tune of Mendelssobn's Wedding March. As they left the church they were greeted with cheers by the large crowd, and by a fusilade of fog signals on the London and North- Western Railway close by. The reception was held at Latchford Grange, in a large marquee on the lawn,and afterwards the Vicar and his wife departed for Brittany to spend the honeymoon. At night a dance was given in the marquee by Mr.. and Mrs. Fairclough.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Prince—Nelson.

The marriage was solemnized at Bold-street Wesleyan Church, on Tuesday, of Mr. Roland Prince, son of Mr. T. Prince, of Horsemarket-street, and Miss May Nelson,daughter of Mr. Robert Nelson of 35 Sankey street. The bride, who was given away by her father wore a white silk dress (trimmed with valuable lace), and veil and orange blossom. She carried a shower bouquet of lilies of tlie valley and roses. The brides- maids were Miss Edith Prince, of Warrington, (sister of the bridegroom), Miss Bertha H. Greenhalgh (Roch- dale), and Miss Mollie Nelson, of Rochdale (neice of the bride). The iev. T. J. Dickinson, of Rochdale, performed the ceremony, assisted by the Rev. J. Manning, of Warrington. Mr. T. Prince jun., acted as best man,and Ur. J. S.Nelson as groomsman. A. recep- tion was afterwards held in the Bold-street Wesleyan School, after which the happy couple left for Grange. The bride's travelling dress was a wine coloured costume. Numerous and costly presents have been received.

Spring's Signals of Distress Painful Boils an Skin Troubles, with Languor an Weakness, are Warnings of Bad 1-lea!th. There is New

Blood and New Health in

===== 0002601_19070427_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
MY DEAR NIECES AND NEPHEWS, ft) I was quite surprised when I arrived at the office this morning to see such a pile of correspondence awaiting me. Letters, post- cards, parcels, etc., by the dozen, and all to be gone through carefully, so it was not long before I settled down in earnest, as I did not relish being up until one or two in the morn- ing, replying to correspondents and sending off prizes and bottles of Extract. Do you blame me? No lof course you don't. I am sure there is not a single niece or nephew belonging to the " Corner " who would like to' see Uncle Ned working himself •to death while all you youngsters were oh the way to the "Never, never land." The chief thing. I want to speak of this week is that I have not been able to publish any of this week's contributions, be- cause I had several letters, etc., which have been left over from other weeks, and to avoid disappointing any dear relatives, I am devoting the space to these. I really think I must ask for another column, as my correspondence is increasing weekly. I dare not allow myself any further space now, or I shall be unable to print all the left over matter that I have in hand. You must really excuse me this week, and trust to my making up for any lack of interest in my next. UNCLE NED.

NVELCOIE TO Connie Fuller" Ethel Stevens.

+

Dear Uncle Ned,—l enclose you a piece a oetry. It is called:— THE CHILDREN'S HOME. They played in their beautiful gardens, The children of high degree; Outside the gates, the beggars Passed on in their misery. But there was one of the children

Who could not join the play, And a little beggar maiden Watched for him day by day. Once he had. given her a flower,

And oh, how he smiled to see Her thin white hands through the railings, Stretch out so eagerly. She came again to the garden, She saw the children play, But the little white face had vanished, The little feet gone away. She crept away to her corner, Down by the murky stream, But the pale, pale face in the garden _ _

Shone through her restless dream. And that high-born child and the beggar Passed homeward side by side, For the ways of men are narrow, But the gates of Heaven are wide. MAY SYLVESTER.

Agi -4, ii 6.,44.4,-*-7rWyti / / ~- 1',.•0m.%‘4.., , .......,:::.,::::::-,,,,,,%:.:::::_.:,.,,,,:•,- ......,,,.....,::,.:...-.. . ..;-.:-. . ....,,- . .. , .-,, :-:„,:,...:...,...:,-:-,.,-,),..:4,i:. -.,... -:::,„::„ -.-,-„?.,....• • „:„.•--,,,,...„--.-.,,,,,,,i,::.....,,; .., .:- ~.. A e 0 „.......,.....:,.,..., • • 4, , : „.r.,:,..:::•:::,:',' , '-1.1 •-rs-r-i+.1M:?4,t.,,, :•••• p...:7":,..:•-;!;"i';.-., •,.. , b: i .4, , • fifi,,,,l, z eff :-..,..-:. .. 11 . 1 4,......f.. ~. Ai .4..... , '':.' .... C'", A:, , 14 .i:•••,-.:•-• . ....,Cm:...,.,::ii . ' ...'04,...'-''s' . „,...''', - , ~,- vq,l)...idtl't:',..-• , : .. .... V ",....:-.1,.., .;--- *---*Z-..• , ;•,,:.rt.4,4 -3..--":- .-.,.--.:;•...!;.?.'?::,.T.4.4.70.*'"---;•-,s;j_.'"*.'—k:::' " ''''"l/4R 'AIL' •'.•:-- ..' ';!-.,,..-......1. , ".., -- --::ili::-.Z%-:-. *L. ‘: '''' .:—.........7: . '''''':" : '..i.- f.• • afalk . ,'gx--0.- 1:."'''.....--4,------1:-•..-.." ;,-.....' .4 ' :••••••., N: . 'ii'4...o ~:..,...:;-.1.:A. ,:ikv`l .4:-.--t-- jsy (inc dite hiev- -- - ....,...„.t.:, ._, - • ~,,tr,,,,,,, ,_,,,,, , , ~:, ,- ?. ":--,. .4 •f ' Nel, =,,,,.;.w, . _ _ ~....... r............ M.............. .er 'i ' ; 7';; . ~ /4 . ..';'..i: A 1 I t ',,1-1, ?lit! ~•..4). '-',- ''. 4 -.4.-..-' ' r.,:.i:::.-,-,•?-5,filvi :•4•,-,\,,._,..-j,?.• At, imi,..14 7, , , - ' . . , li‘ ih. . 4••,...,1--:7,. ii. t . : _,,l•"'-1 fillit,ii .-4... t t . •

===== 0002601_19070427_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Dear Uncle Ned,—You will think I have quite forgotten you, but I have not. I have been very busy. I am very sorry the last story I sent was too long, so I am sending you some funny bits. Hoping this will find you all well, DOROTHY MILLS.

THE POLICEMAN'S CROSS- EXAMINATION.

A short time ago a large factory, fitted with the most modern appliances, including the electric light, caught fire, and despite the most strenuous efforts of the fire brigade, was almost demolished.

The following morning a newly-appointed member of the force was dispatched to the spot, with a view- of ascertaining how the fire originated.

After closely interrogating the manager of the factory, he asked to see the man who was responsible , for the eleetric light. The manager stated that the electric switches were under his sole control.

P.C.: "Then you are the man that lights up the electric affair?"

Manager: "That is so." P.C. (bubbling over with excitement): "Now, be careful how you answer my next question, 'cos if it ain't satisfactory, it will be took as evidence against ye-: When you lighted the electric light last night, where did you throw the match ? "

"The landlord called for the rint to-day. Micky." "An' phat did ye say?" "Oi told 'im the rint was in your coat, and Oi was so sorry ye were out withit."

THE MORNING WALK. Rover and Floss are two happy dogs; They are fond of their mistress dear. And so long as. she goes with them by her side, ,She never has need to fear. "Up in the morning so early, She takes them both out for a run; They bark with delight, and they race o'er the grass, And they always have capital fun. Sometimes on a bright sunny morning She will give them a swim in the lake, And laugh at them both when they come to the shore, And give give themselves each a good shake. Then Rover will carry his mistress's whip, And Floss then must carry her glove; There .are nowhere two dogs quite so happy as they When they're out with the mistress they love.

AMY BENTLEY.

--4-_.

Youngster: "Father, I am not sitting on the lowest form now." ..

Parent: "That's right! Here's a shilling for you. But tell me how you came to pass on to the higher form,"

Youngster: "The lowest form is being painted."

Teacher: "And why are you so late, Tommy ? " Tommy: "If you please, teacher, it is mother's washing-day.; she lost the lid of the copper, so I have been sitting on the top to keep the steam in ! "

What game do the waves play at ?—Answer : Pitch and toss.

_ _.. _ ,„ ,t. . 'WNW . . . . . . , ~ , . _.,. . . , , ~... .. , . ,:. "qv . , ,

===== 0002601_19070427_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
NOT LEAVING WELL ALONE.

An Irishman took a contract to dig a public well. When he had dug about twenty-five feet down, he came one morning, and found the side had fallen in. Pat looked cautiously round, and saw that no one was near; then he took off hie hat and coat, and hung them on the windlass, crawled into some bushes, and waited events. In a short time, the citizens discovered that the well had fallen in; and, seeing Pat's hat and coat on the windlass, they supposed he was at the bottom of the excavation. Only a few hours of brisk digging cleared the loose earth from the well. Just as the eager citizens had reached the bottom, and were wondering where the body was, Pat came walking out of the bushes, and good-naturedly thanked them for relieving him of a sorry job. Some of the tired digens were disgusted, but the joke was too good to allow of anything more than a hearty laugh.

OLPTI KINGDON.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FOOL IN THE CARRIAGE.

When you are travelling there is always a fool in the carriage. He is the man who opens the window every time the train slows up at a station, and plunges out up to his shoulders to see what is going on. If the thermometer is twenty degrees below zero he opens the window the minute he hears the whistle, and he keeps it open until the station is out of sight.

He always sits in the seat directly in front of you. and it only takes him three stations to burden you with a cold that will last you till spring, and then have a balance to carry over for the next winter's account.

He never has any liminess at a station; he never sees anybody he knows; he doesn't know a soul' on the line of the road; he never sees anything when he does look out; but all the same he never fails to look out. His own station is the last one he looks at, and when he gets out of the carriage he leaves the window open.

+

"There are many things in this world to which we must shut our eyes," said the paternal Gibson. "Yes. pa, and soap is one of them," chimed in the pride of the family. , - ,

Dear Uncle Ned,—l am sending a story, called, "The Travellers and the Bear." My brother Louis would like to become one of your Nephews.

- Two friends were travelling on the, same road together, when they met with a bear. The one, in great fear, without a thought of his companion, climbed up into a, tree and hid himself. The other, seeing- that he had no chance, single-handed, against the bear, had nothing left but to throw himself on the ground and feign to be dead, for he had heard that a bear will never touch a dead body. As he thus lay, the bear came up to his head, muzzling and snuffing at his nese and ears and heart; but the man immovabry held his breath, and the beast, supposing him to be dead, walked away. When the bear was fairly out. of sight, his companion came down out of the tree, and asked what it was the bear whis- pered to him, "for," said he, "I observed he put his mouth very close to your ear." "Why," replied the other, "it- was no great secret; he only bade me have a care hew I kept company with those who, when they get into difficulty, leave their friends in the lurch."

I remain, your loving Niece, HILDA HENCHCLIFFE.

Why are sailors bad horsemen ?—Auswer : Because they ride on the mane (main).

• "Young man," said the merchant to the prospective offfce-boy, "are you fairly well educated?" "I be," replied the boy, proudly.

Monkeys ,are quick to learn politeness and relined manners, for nothing seems to please them so much as to copy the ways of those about them. It is easy to teach them to eat with knife and fork, to drink from a cup or glass, and to use a napkin; they like it, too, and soon relish our food, and show likes and dislikes as strong as the most notional "spoiled child" in England.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
Ma 9 30, 1 30 7 10,, Sa. 102

===== 0002601_19070427_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Ma B..ra. 52 , Satl o 33 y clays

===== 0002601_19070427_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r

===== 0002601_19070427_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIE TABLE.

APRIL. FROM WARRINGTON TO

Acton Bridge-7 14, 7 40,8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 5, 1 10. 2 55, a 3 35, 5 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sunday, 10 15 a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 75, 8 35, 9 58, 11 42, hll 55, a.m. 1 50, 4 46, a 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 60, p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays , only. b Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 30, 7 8, 835, 9 58. 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 150, 446, 628, 7 20, 8 37, 98, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 6 0 p.m. b Saturdays only.

Chester-7.34, 8 17, 9 5, 10 23, 11 30 a.m. 12 30, 140,158,230 3 19, 4 22, 56,6 4,7 54,8 5,10 20, 11 35 Pan. Sundays- 8 44, a.m. 7 45' 11 35 p.m. Collins Green 7 5, 85, 8 25, 1010, 10 55 a.m., 12 25, 2 45, 3 45, 5 15, 6 37, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30 Pan. Sundays 843 a.m. _6 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 34,9 sa.m. 1230,230,319,56, 64 85,10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m i 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hlll-7 36, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 64,7 44 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p,m. Earlestown-5 30, 75, 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 14,10 55, 11 53 a.m. 12 25, 1 15,.2 45, 3 45,3 50, 515, 637, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 46, 8 35, 843 a.m. 5 10,6 0, 7 57, 9 51 p.m. Fiddlets' Ferry and Penketh-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 80, 100 p.m. . Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. Frodshara-7 34, 9 5 10 23 10 30, a.m. 12 30 2 30, 3 19,4 22, 5 6, 6 4,7 54,8 5, 10 20,a1l 35 p.m.Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golborne-5 30, 75, 85, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 3 50, 5 145, 7 20, 10 23 p..a. Sundays 843 a.m. 60 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 56, 64, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam,Cadishead-7 0, 7508 8. 9 3 a.m. 22, 4 58, 710, 9 159 all 59 p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 18, 11 32 a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18, 935 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 9 25 p.m. Stistiays 6 30,8 46 a.m.3 5,8 10 p.m. a .Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liverpool(C.L.C.)-a4 40,5 35,7 5,755,8 2,8 50,9 5, 9 50,10 30, 10 50, 11 50 am. 12 0,12 50,1 10, bl 13,1 50, 27, 2 50, 3.13, 3 50, 3 56, 45, 4 10. 4 50, 5 50, 5 57, 6 50, 75, 7 50, 80, 850, 8 55, 9 40, 10 4, 10 40, blO 42, bll 10, 11 30, 11 39 p.m. • a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, c Saturdays excepted. Sundays 4 40, 5 35, 90, 9 55, It 20 a.m. 2 20, 2 39, 446, 6 0, 7 10, 8 28, 9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, a 5 25, 75, 7 27, 8 23, 8 25, 9 19, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 12 25, 1 55, 245, 3 20,3 45, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 7 8, 7 40, 80, 9 25, blO 0, 10 .30, bll 30 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays, 4 51, 5 30, 8 35, 9 5 tialk. 2 40, 3 28, 5 10, 60,80, 9 54 p.m. Lymro-6 15' 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, eB3O, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bll 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-W)-2 55, a 4 45, 1)4 56, 6 30, a 7 5, 85, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 12 18. 1 15, 2 41, 2 45, 3 31, 428 5 15, 5 53,. 6 33, 7 20, 8 6, 9 22, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 55, 4 56,7 46 a.m. 5 15, 60, 7 57, p.113.a Mondaysonly Manchester (C.14.C.)-6 55, 7 57, 88, 8 55, 93, 9 55, 10 55' 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 1 55, 255, 3 55, 4 55,4 58; 5 55, 655 710, 755, 835 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, bfl. 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sundays 8 45, 9 37, 10 18, 11 32 a.m 30, 3 15, 4 56, 50, 7 18, 8 55, 9 15,9 25, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 10 20, a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 2 55, a 3 35 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 55, b 4 45,5 30, 7 5,8 5,8 35, 919,9 25,10 10.10 40.10 55, 11 55. a.m. 12 18.12 25, 1 15,1 50,2 45;3 31. 3 50, 4 26, 4 50,.5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 22, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 7 46, .843, a.m. 3 fl 5, 5 15, 60, 757, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Monktys only. Padgate-7 0, 7 12, 7 45, 8 8, 8 35, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 1218, 141, 355, 458, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 35, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 845, 10 18 a.m. 5 0, Q 95 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, a 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0, 10 0 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 82,95,10 0, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, bl 0, 41 8, 2 15, 3 23, 4 10. 5 26, 6 26, 75,80, 90, blO 0, r,o 42, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 20 a.m. 2 39, j. P.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays --ZePted. 3 WAaukey Bridges-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, `u, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 0 p.m. St. Helens (L. & N.-W.)-7.5, 8.25, 10.10, 10.55, 11. r. 3, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3.20,3.45, 5.15, 6.37, 7.8, B°'B.o. 9.25, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, •`35, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays enly, Southport C.L.C.-7.5 8 35, n 9.36, 10.25, 11.2, a.m.1.27, 3.18, 4 10, 5 3,1;6.20,646, 7.40, 8 0, 0.0,10.35, Pall. Sundays, 9.35 am. 2.6, 9.7. p.m. aMondays, Wednesdays, and gaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Thelwall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Stati Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, V.lO, 7 5, 8 35, 9 53, 10 55, 11 42' 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 1 50, 3 50, 446, 5 15, 6 28, 7 20, 837, 98,10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. p 35,6 0, 9 54p.m. Withies (C.L.C.)-7 5, 95,10 0, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, al 0, b 1 13, 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 528, 6 26, 7 5,8 0, 90, alo o,blo 37 p.m. a Saturdays excepted, b Saturdays Only. Sundays 90, 935 a.m. 2 39, 918 p.m.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

Acton Bridge-6 32,7 40, 8 54, 10 57 am. 12 19, 249, 355, 4 41, 7 20, 8 28. Sundays 759 am. Wednetdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L & N.-W.)-7 50, 8 25, 9 55, 10 22 Il 10,12 45,a.m. al 30, 38, 530 6 48, 8 25, c 9 10, .°0 40, 10 5, p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 115, 4 55, 8 45, P.M. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays 061 y. c Thursdays only. Blackpool (L. & N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 3 40, 0 47, 11 25 a.m. 1 40, 3 28, 5 20, 7 0, 8 45, 100,1030 p.m. Sundays 7 25 a.m. 1 37,5 8, 7 30 p.m. Chester-2 25, 114 26, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 2 0, 2 10, 30, 3 50, 5 18, 5 23,6 30, 7 35,9 10. 8 50 p.m. Sundays 2 25,4 20, 6 30 a.m.6 55, P.m. b Mondays excepted. Collins Green-6 40, 79, 845, 1024, 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 2 10, 3 5, 4 1, 5 38, 6 42, 7 47, 9 6, alo 43, 10 58 P.M. Sundays 810 a.m. 715 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Daresbury-8 11, 10 17,11 18 a.m.2 49, 6 2,7 11,8 48 P.m. Sundays 726 a.m.. 747 p.m., Dunham Hill- 7 39, 9 52, 10 52 a.m. 2.22, 35, 647, 822 p.m. Sundays 648 a.m. 7 9 p.m. .Harlestown-7 2, 7 13, 8 47, 850; 9 15, 9 45, 10 26, Ir.o 3g, 11 2tl a.m. 12 33, 114, 23, 3 27, 5 10, 543, 52, G 55, 7 43, 88, 9 10, 9 34, 10 47. all 1, al2 0, a.m. a Saturdays only; Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 0 57, 10 3 a.m. 3 45, 7 24,10 2 p-m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-4 9, 8 53, 942, 10 45 11.111. 12 3, al2 57, 24, 3 27, 54, 62, 6 58,9 14 p.m. Sundays 8 22, a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Sattudays only. Frodsham-7 33, 90, 10 1, ill, a.m. 2 31, 49, 5 44, g 56, 8 31, p.m. Sunday 72, a.m. 724 p.m. Golborne-6 44, 8 26, 10 12,a.m. 1.2 17, 2 41, 4 31, 30, 7 15, 9 21, 10 42. a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 7 5 p.m. Helsby-7 46, 8 56, 9 57, 10 57, a.m. 2 27, 47, 40, 6 54, 827, p.m. Sunday 6 53, a.m. 7 18, p.m. Iriam and Cadishead-6 19, 6 48,- 7 36, 9 53, a.m. 17, 4 54, 6 54, 8 55, 11 20, p.m. Sundays 921, 11 0, LITI. 1 20, 2 22.'6 55, 8 50, 10 0 p.m. Latchford-7 55. 8 10, 9 22, 10 2, 11 11 a.m. 1 20, M 45,213. :30, 338, 426, b 539. 67, 6 49, 7 39, 52, cll 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. c Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-5 10, 6 30, 7 30, 7 40, 8 20, 83, 840,- 9 20. 930, 933, 10 30. 11 5' 1130, 11 33 11 50, a.m. 12 30, 12 50,1 0, 1 30, 1 45, 2 30, „2 40; 2 43, 4 0, 4 30, 4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 6 35, 30, 735 830, 836, 840, 930, blO5O, 110, 11 35 pail. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 90, 10 55, 11 15 aan.2 30, 3 20, 40, 4 30, 6 15,6 30, 8 30, 9 35, p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-a 2 33 6 P,6 10,8 10, 8 35, 9 5,' 9 30, .9 55, 11 0 a.m. 12 2%, 1 15, 2 45, 30, 3 35, 4 20, 4 50, 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 25 8 30; 90, blO 5, 10 45, bll 15 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 :15,9 20 a.m.2 10. 6 30,7 15;10 45 p.m. Lyrriai-7 48,8 32,9 14,9 54,11 3 a.m. ill, al 27, 2 5,2 50, 3 30, 118, b 5 31, 5 59, 6 41, 731, 9 43, 11 33 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Sundays 815 a.m. 2 25, 715 p.m. Manchester (Central)-5 55' 6 30, 7 30, 8 30;0 5; 30, 33, 10 5, 10 30, 10 35, 11 30 ..m. 12 80, 12 50, 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 3 45, 4 30. 4 35' 5 30, 60, 6 30, 6 35, 7 10, 7 30, 8 30, 8 35, 9 20, 10 20, alO 50, 11 0 a Saturckays only. Sundays 8 30, 9 5, 9 30, 10 20 a.m. 1 40, ' 0.2 5, 5 40, 635 8 30, R4O p.m. Manchester (London Road.)-7 5,7 50,9 25, 10 30n., m. 12 30, b 1 5, 2 0,2 55, 3 40, a 5 0, 5 20, 65, 6 55, 5, 11 0, p.m. Sundays 7 30. a.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. b Saturdays only. 7 Moore-G 56, 96,11 9 a.m. 12 32, a 3 1, 48, 4 55, 33 P.m. Sundays 8.18 a.m. 4 58p.m, a Wednes- claYs and Saturdays only. Newton-le4Willows-0 55, 7 20, 8 44, 97, 9 29, ,10 0, 10 22, 11 8 a.m. 1235, n 1 5, nl2B, 144, a 7, 48, 55, 5 38, 549,627.730,85, 931, 103, 1! 4, !_.1.1 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3 40, 7 20, 11 7 p.m. a Saturdays only. Fadgate-G :30, G 53, 7 55,8 29,90, 10 3 R.M. I 20, fs 0, 55, 6 18, 7 5; 96, 1) 25 11 32 p.m. Sundays 52, 11 14 a.m. 2 33, 9 12, 10 14, 10 20 p.m. Ituncorn-5 55. 8 34, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 21, 14, .0 ig 4 40, 5 41, 6 SO, 8 10, 10 10 p.ra• °sfilt.eY-7 5, 7 50. 8 27, 9 30,10 16, 10 55 a.m.12 36 2, 1 40, 2 35, 3 43, 4 35, 5 26,5 36, 623, 7 25, 8 28,

9,32, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37,10 12 a.m. 48, 8 54, p.m. _

Southport-8 0, 95, 10 .15, 10 40, 12 25, 1 30, 2 45; 4 5, 4 10, 5 25,7 15,8 5,a9 5,10 o.Sundays 9 0,20, 750, a Saturdays only.

Thelwall-7 51, 8 36, 8 18, 9 53, 11 7 a.m. 1 15, al 41, 2 9, 2 55, 3 34, 4 22 b 51 35, 6 3, 6 45, 7 35,9 47, 11 28 p.m. Sundays, 8 19a.m. 2 59, 719 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-a2 39, b 3 10, 6 33, 8 15, 9 17, 9 54, 10 0, 11 33 a.m. 12 5, 1 26, 2 30, 3 27, 4 20, 4 56. 520 6 55, 75, 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 39, 930 a.m. 3 25, 6 55, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
.

THE NORTAERN LEAGUE. Fixtures and Scores for Season IM3-7

WARRINGTON.

For Agst. Sep. 1. Leigh 8. Hull home 33 7 15. St. Helens away .. 19 10 22. Widnes 20. Broughton R. - 2 11 Oct. 6. Salford 13. Leigh Cup Tie 20. Huddersfield home 50 3 27. Barrow Cup Tie 31. Salford Nov. 3. Wigan home 12 5 10. Rochdale 17. Oldham Cup Tie 24. Htmslet 26. Swinton home 29 0 Dec. ,l. Broughtonß.Lancashire Cup Final at Wigan 6 15 8. Wigan away 2 20 10. Liverpool City away 40 7 15. Hunslet home 16 10 ' 22. Leeds Xmas 25. Leigh home 15 8 ..29. Bradford away 15 .11 .Tan. 1. Runcorn home 14 9 „ 5. St. Helens home 20 3 „ 12. Hull ” 19. Bradford home 11 5 ” 4. Oldham „ 16. Oldhant _„ 18. Liverpool City Feb. 21. Widnes „ 23. Mar. 2. Broughton Rangers hotly) 12 5 „ 9. Swinton „ 11. Halifax „ 16. Batley Cup Tie home 34 9 „ 23. Hull. Cup tie „ 25. Runcorn G. Fri. 29. Halifax Mar. 30. , HuddersOeld Cup tie away 15 9 Apr. 1. 'Leeds „ 2. Huddersfield' away 3 14 „ 13. Swinton Cup tie at Wigan 21 0 „ 30. Rochdale - home 27 0

„ 27. Oldham N.U. Cup Final at Broughton

===== 0002601_19070427_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN.

1906. For Agst. Sept. 1 Oldham „ 8 Widnes away 3 11 1) 15 Widnes „ 22 Leigh __

-,-, 29 Swinton hornie 20 2 Oct. 6 St. Helens away 22 8 13 Widnes Cup Tie away 14 5 „ 27 Salford Cup Tie Nov. 3 Salford

If •10 Wigan away 18 13 „ 17 BrougatonßCupTie .away 0 5

Live;pool City htmu; 50 0

',., 24 Barro,:v - home .43 7 Dec. 5 Broughton Rangers away , 3 16 „ 8 Liverpool City away 32 0 , 15 Swinton ' " Hull ,1 .'"' home 30 2 t, -26 Oldham Jan. 1 Warrington away 9 ,14 Jan. 9 }lalifax 12 Dewsbury

~ „ 19 Barrow _ away 16 13 Feb. 2 Hull „ 9 Leigh ,1 16 York away 17 2 ,t 23 St. Helens home 1-1 8 Mar. 2 Halifax 5341 ~ 11 York „ 10. Oldham Cup tie „ 25 Warrington f, 29 Salford. 2 f 110 Wigan home 14 8 April 1 Broughton Rangers home 16 5 4. 6. Oldham

WIDNES.

1006. For Agst. Sept. 8 Runcorn home 11 3 „ 15 Runcorns away 6 23

'„. 22 Warringn away 2 31 „ 29 St. Helelas home 11 5 Oct. 6 Rochdale Hornets away 0 17 • ,' 13 Runcorn Cop Tie home 5 14 20 Liverpool City home 37 4 „ 27 Wigan hothe 9 27 Nov. 3 St. Helens „ 17 Dewsbury 04 Rochdale Hornets home 12 0 , I Dec. _1 Leigh

„ 22 Bar'iow - nome 5 2 „ 12 Wigan away 3 55 „ 19 Dewsbury „ 16 Leigh home 13 7 Feb. 21 Warrington „ 23 Barrow Mar. 2 Hull away 0 37 „ IQ. Broughton it. Cup Lie away 0 , 38 „ 23 Liverpool City., April 1 Hull

===== 0002601_19070427_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

1906. For Aast. Sept. 1 Swinton home 6 10 8 Rochdale Hornets home 27 6 15 Warriugton

22 Birrow- away 3 .31 „ .29 NVidnes away ' 5 11 Oct. 6 Runcorn

_ f 13 Oldham Cup Tie home 14 17 f 20 Pontefract „ 27 Leigh _

Nov. 3 Widnes home 10 7 „ 10 Salford any 13 „ 17 Keighley . „ 24 Keighley home ,IS 9 Dec. 1 Batley „ 15 Rochdale Horneth away 8 14 22 Broughton Rangers home 7 14 25 Liverpool City 1 Batley home 20 0

Ja'n' .

„ 5 Warrington away 3 20 „. 19 Leigh y, 26 Swinton Feb. 2 Broughton Rangers away 11 27 „ 16 Barrow home 26 3 „ 23 Runcorn

Mar. 9 Wigan ' away 30 8 "f 10• Swinton Cup tie away 9 18 ' 29 Wigan I, _ home 9 94 ... .._

30 Liverpool City Apt. 1 Salford :.. home

30 5

===== 0002601_19070427_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
CRUSADE FOR LACID p737,1,qm v_vkA 2

A VALUATI3IIBiLL

Speeches by the Premier and Srr John Brunner.

! Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman ' was entertained to luncheon by the National Land and Housing Associa- tion in the Holborn Restaurant, London, on Saturday afternoon. The company numbered over 500 ladies and gentlemen, including about 100 members of Parliament. I.;ir John Brunner M.P., occupied the chair, and was supported by Earl Carrington (President of the Board of Agriculture), Earl Crewe, Captain Sinclair, M.P., Mr. Winston Churchill, the Lord Advocate, Sir %V. 'Foster, M.P., Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., Mr. A. Billson, M.P., Mr. Russell Rea, M.P., air. E. G. Hemmerde, M.P., the Rev. J. Scott Lidgett, Dr. Macnarnara, M.P., Mr. Runciman, M.P., Mr. H. Samuel, M.P., Major Seely, M.P. Mr. A. Ure, M.P., Sir W. Robson, MY., Mr. Rufus Isaacs, M.P., Mr. C. P. Trevelyan, M.P., Mr. G. N. Barnes, M.P. Mr. John Ward, M.P., Mr. A. H. Scott, M.P., Mr. A. Mond, M.P., Mr. %V. R. Rea, M.P., Mr. C. S. Henry, M.P., Mr. H. Fullerton, M.P., Mr.T. H. Jones, M.P., Sir A. Biges, Mr. J. Massie, M.P., Mr. J. F. Brunner, M.P., Mr. A. Lyulph Stanley, M.P., Mr. G. Nicholls, M.P., Mr. W. P. Byles, M.P., and Mr. F. Maddison, M.P. _

The Chairman, in proposing the toast of "Land and Housing Reform," said they had lately with pride in their hearts been watching the Prime Minister filling his place as the first servant of the Crown and the fore- most man in the Empire. (Cheers.) He had filled that place with a genial dignity and a dignified geniality all his own. One and all they acknowledged themselves, and claimed to be, supporters of his policy towards securing the unity of the Empire—(cheers)—knowing that for generations past, and believing that for genera- Joins to come, the British Empire would stand , for the > extension of human freedom—(cheers) The Liberal party had much to do, and it had been warned lately not to try to do too much. They were , reminded of a pregnant saying of John Bright's that they should not try to drive three omnibuses abreast through Temple Bar. That the Liberal party should not try to do too much was a matter that was past praying for. The Liberal party would always aim at the impos- sible. Long might it do so. (Hear, hear.) Why, if , they got all they wanted the millenium would come. I All they hoped for was that they, at any rate, should be in the middle bus, with, Sir Henry driving. (Laughter and cheers). In his opinion, the question of local rating had much to do with better housing. If housing I reform meant anything it meant cheaper houses, and in order to have cheaper houses they must have a I fair system of rating. The Prime Minister had already given his assent to the doctriae that to attempt with- out a reform of the system of local rating and assess- ment to deal with the housing question would be a mockery. (Cheers.) Take the case of the squire who built himself a lordly dwelling-house, which cost £lOO,OOO, and the question of rating came before the Assessment Committee, who would be tor the most part, the squire's tenants. The law said the house should be assessed at the rent which a willing tenant would pay from year to year. But when a house was costly it was not easy to get a tenant. Where was the tenant to be found for Eaton Hall or Chatsworth ? The cost of keeping up such a place was equal to an enor- mous rent, and it was most difficult to say what a willing tenant would pay for it from year to year. The Assessment Commitee treated such a house in the tenderest way. But suppose, instead, that ten houses were built costing £lO,OOO each, it would be found ' that the assessment of the ten would be larger than that of the one ; and if a hundred houses costing £l,OOO each were built it would be larger still, but if five hundred cottages at £2OO each were put up, then, as a rule, the assessment would be three times as large as that of the house costing £lOO,OOO. (Hear, hear.) They looked to the Government to put that matter right. (Cheers.) A Valuation Bill, such as they were expecting, would, he believed, secure justice in this respect. There should be independent valuers acting on uniform principles throughout the country, and they should ho instructed to provide that the assessment should have a close rela- tion to the cost. (Cheers). Then, and not till then, would the poor be fairly treated and houses become cheaper. There was 'another thing, go where they would, they would find that poor men lived on dear land and that rich men lived on cheap land. (" Shame.") As long as that was true "there was something rotten in the State of Denmark." (A voice : "In the state of England." Laughter and cheers). Had this nothing to do with the question of local rating and assessment ? He asserted very clearly that it had. In England and Wales, landowners, as such, paid no rates at all. It was the occupiers who paid the rates. That matter was different in that vastly better governed country North of the Tweed. In Scotland landowners did pay the rates, and this difference between the laws of the two countries wonld,he hoped, soon be swept away. Landowners would not suffer in pocket if the reformers obtained the benefit of the great reforms at which they aimed. They were not predatory; they desired to rob no man. He bad the authority of the Lord-Advocate for saying that the majority of the landowners in the North of Scotland were to-day grateful to the Liberal Government of 1880 for the passing of the Crofters Act. Now, if the Crofters Act, which created such terrible apprehensions twenty years ago, benefited the landlords in pocket, there was no reason why reforms carried in England should not have the same result. (Cheers.) Sir Henry Campbell Bannerman delivered a long speech. He said he hoped the Valuation Bill for Eng- land would pass into law during the present Session and that by that means they would prepare the way for a reform of the rating system of our urban areas which was so urgently and properly desired, and that they would at the same time very much simplify the process of the public acquisition of land by getting on record how much of its value was due to improvements and how much to the ; natural value of the land. (Mears.) That was an indispensable preliminary step. It was undesirable and unjust that there should be a diversion to private hands of a large portion of the results of improvements made by the community. (Cheers). He appealed to the towns for help in solving the rural question no less than their own present and immediate problems. Legislation could not create new forces; it could only hope to guide and direct forces already in existence. He hoped we should be able to do something to liberate and secure fair play for the great economic forces which had become clogged in these archaic systems of ours with results which bad been mischiev- ous to the prosperity of our native land. "I look behind the Imperial aspect," declared Sir Henry," to the character and spirit of the people; for in helping to free the land we shall be helping to raise the people. Happy shall we be if to us it is given to disperse the cloud of gloom which has settled over our villages, to enable the peasantry to lift up their heads and call their souls their own—(cheers)—by giving them some little foothold where they will no longer be tied men, but free. Happy shall we be if before our day is I over we see brightness and colour and pleasant homes for the people in our cities and the figures of well- nourished children playing in the gardens of our cities instead of the dismal and sunless streets, which are too often the only playground open to them. And to achieve this happiness you and I are resolved. I see it in the enthusilsm of the meeting. (Cheers). "We are resolved," Sir Henry concluded, "without baste, but vithout rest, to press forward on a crusade of land reform." (Loud and prolonged cheering).

===== 0002601_19070427_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN LEAGUE.

RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S MATCHES. G. T. P. G. T. P Halifax 3 5 18 Oldham 0 1 3 *Warrington *Dewsbury Wakefield 'l' `-' 5 19 *Huddersfield ... 2 5 16

===== 0002601_19070427_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Halifax win the Championship.

Halifax beat Oldham in easy fashion on Saturday at Huderefield, and thus won the League championship. Oldham had a strong wind behind them at the start, and the Halifax defence was tested to the utmost, but it proved sound against all Oldham's attacks. Halifax were the first to score, and the try was the result .4 a fine bit of combin9tion amongst ilk forwards. Avery's kick was charged down by Robinson, who picked up the hall and drew Thomas out of position,when he passed it to Bartle. Lees made a great effort to prevent Bartle from scoring, but was just too late. Little kicked an easy goal. Fergusson eventually .broke through the Halifax defence and scored, but just before half-time Bartle added another try for Halifax, who changed ever with eight points to three in their favour. In their last two n atches Halifax have been in front at the interval and then lost at tho finish owing to a splendid recovery on the part Of Oldham. On Saturday Halifax never ielaxed their efforts for one moment, and completely overplayed Oldham all through the second portion of the game. Little kicked a splendid goal from the centre of the field, and, after a grand bit of passing by the Halifax backs, Morley and Riley each crossed the Oldham line. Little kickel a fine goal from one of the tries, and so, by 18 points to three, Halifax won the match and the League championship. Over 13,000 people watched the game, and the gate receipts amounted to £772.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington's Last League Match.

Warrington played their last League match of the season at Wilderspool on Saturday in a downpour of rain. The gate was affected in consequence and not more than 2,000 people turnod out to watch the rout of Rochdale Hornets. Both sides were well repre- sented. Teams:

%Varrir.gton—Tilley, back Fish, Isherwood, Taylor and Jordan, three-quarter backs; Lees and Hockenball half beck Sbugars, Heath, Naylor, Boardman, Thomas, and Belton, forwards.

Rochdale Hornets—Brooks, back; Gibson, Walker, Ward, and A. J. Richardson, three-quarter backs; Scho- field and Riley, half backs; Dearden, Fitton, Stubbs, Richardson, Crabtree, and Turner, forwards. Referee, Mr. T. King, Salford ; touch judges, Messrs. J. Edwards (St. Helens) and T.Ratcliffe (Swinton). Warrington immediately became aggressive, and combination between Lees, llockenhall and Isherwood led up to the centre scoring. Jordan was the next to score after a fine run in from half way,Thomas landing a goal. Rochdale next had a turn, and Gibson was pulled up on the line by Fish. Boardman had an easy journey for the third try,which was again improved, and another brilliant passing bout ended in Isherwood crossing for his second try. Half-time score :—Warrington, 2 goals 4 tries (16 points) ; Rochdale nil. Turning round, Warrington immediately forced matters, and Thomas got in. Shugars completed a for- ward rush, which Fish improved upon, whilst near the close Heath raced in from half way, after a fine series of exchanges. Result : Warrington, 3 goals 7 tries (27 points) ; Rochdale Hornets, nil.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL. WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION._

1 __ P. W. L. D. For Agt. Pts. Oughtrington Park l6 15 1 0 75 13 30 I I Warrington Albions I Latchford Christ Church Palatine lB 6 7 5 21 32 17 . Orford Barracks ' Thelwall l4 4 4.6 22 20 14 Castner Kellner , Halton Villa l7 4 9 4 19 29 12

St. Barnabas IR 310 5 24 41 U. Rylands A.F.O 174 12 1 12 35 9

- I SECOND DIVISION. - Castner Kellner Reserve 2l 17 2 5 49 26 39 Whines St. Paul's Halton A.F.C.

Penketh Athletic 25 14 4 7 71 41 35 Oughtrington Park Reserve 22 9 5 8 60 24 26 Warrington St. Paul's Latchford Crescent 25 11 11 3 43 44 25 St. Barnabas Reserve 24 10• 11 3 44 38 23 St. Elphin's _ _ _ _

Christ. Church Reserve Orford A.F.C. 26 613 7 30 52 19 Walker's Brewery Sankey St. Mary's 24 518 1 23 47 11 Rylands Reserve Matches for April 27th. Oughtrington Park v. Orford Barracks. Christ Church Res. v. Penketh.

Warrington St. Elphins v. Sankey St. Marys. Matches for April 29th. Rylands.Res. v. Halton Villa.

OUghtrington Park Res. v. St. Barnabas Res. Results for April 30th. Castner Kellner 0, Rylands 1, Oughtrington Park 5, Rylands 0. Castner Res. 2, Penketh 0, Christ Church Res. 5, Sankey St. Marys 1. Warrington St. Pauls 0, Widnes St. Paula 1, Walkers 2, St. Barnabas Res. 0. Result for April 23rd. St. Elphins 0, Christ Church Res. 0. Results for April 24th. Penketh 1, Orford 0, Castner Res. 3, Walkers 1.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Observer Cup Final.

The attendance at the final for the "Observer " Cup on Saturday suffered by reason of the heavy rain which prevailed, but nevertheless a good gate assembled on the ground in the rear of the King and Queen Hotel. Both Lostock Gralam and Marston Old Boys brought a good following, and great enthusiasm was displayed as the teams took the fiald.

Marston having won the toss. they 'played with the wind and rain in their favour. Immediately they made progress, play hovered round the Lostock goal' for some time, but nothing resulted. Again holding the upper hand, the Old Boys' forward rank made a rush for the " Blues' " quarters, and here Foster sent in a shot which Stubbs' the Lostock custodian, saved easily. After several skirmishes near the centre flag Lostock were seen to advantage, and with fine combination, reached the Marston " 25," and a corner was forced. This did not yield anything-Substantial, but they still had the greater share of the play, and at last met their reward. The forward line were in close proximity to the Marston goal, when Hitchens, at the left inside, nipped in arid the ball was banged into the net. There was no further score up to the interval, when Lostock were more than holding their own. Half time Lostock Gralarn, one goal; Marston Old Boys, nil. The crowd had greatly Increased by this time and when the teams again lined up, there would be about 2,500 spectators present. It was not long before Lostock were again attacking. An offside goal was scored, the point being disallowed. From this time onwards the game became dreary, Lostock's superior play being occasionally interspersed with bright spasmodic flashes by the Old Boys. When the game was over Lostock led by a solitary goal to nil. Marston laid a protest at the conclusion of the match, but this was not upheld and, therefore, Lostock hold the cup for the next twelve months.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION OF THE CUP.

Mr. tdward Draper presented the cup in the absence of Councillor Fulton-Smith. He said that those present had shown their devotion to Association football that afternoon when they had stood in the pouring rain to witness a match which he thought had been an interest- ing and close one. The teams wh o had contested were old rivals, and' whenever they had met, the encounter had always been stubbornly fought. The Lostock captain thanked Mr. Draper, and said he was glad they had won the cup. The encounter had been fought in a friendly spirit, and he hoped their opponents would take their defeat as sportsmen. The Marston captain said that while he was not going to acknowledge they were the inferior team, they would take their defeat like sportsmen, hoping for better luck next time. (Applause.)

Bow Is IT THAT " CLAAxes BLoJD MIXTURE, has obtained anon a great popularity" is a question which his perp,exed many. The answer is, that it is unqae.tinnahly the finest Elope' Pu,ifier that science and medical skill has bought to ThotreaLds of wonderful cures have been effected by it. l'or Scrofula. scurvy, Eczema, Skin and Blood Dlsessee Bad Levi, Pimples and Sores of all lOnds, aryl effacts irs marvellous. Sold everywhere at 2s 9d. per bottle, berate of worthless Imitations and substitutes.—Advt. 2. 4.21. ittl KB'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in elite: sex, all acquired for constitutional discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Paine in tbe beck. front Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 41. ed each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throußb• on the wcrld, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.- Advt.

To le OTHERS.-MrS. W iNstow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their childran while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natuarl quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button" of all Chemists Is. lid. per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
L.l

Of FURNITURE, etc.

and find them reliable in maintaining good health. For over sixty years these pills have been before the public, and the sales are now greater than ever before, and greater than any other medicine. It proves that Beecham's Pills do all and more than is claimed for them, and also that they are the best medicine in the world. It will show you if you take them that your entire system will improve and you will look well, you will feel well, and you will be well.

Sold everywhere in boxes, price lII} (56 pills) Sr 2/9 (168 pills).

ARE. ALL LUSE,

Post I / IfeC

Direct only frora—

THE PYNKMAGIC CO., 67 HANGING DITCH, MANCHESTER.

EYES

310- _RICER F PECT &MRS, AND EYEGLASSES. PERFECT FIT. AReHER & SONS, Specialists, 73, LORD .9"1 itk liT, LIVIN POD 1,.

GIVEN AWAY FREE! too-Page Illustrated List of 6 500 Cycles, r new and second-hand, from 25;- each. , Eadi,e's and B.S.A. in stock. 150

rotor Cars, great bargains. SendCYCLES. for List and see marvellous oiler ! • Largest dealers in the world. Agents wanted. 50 per cent. cheaper than others. Every accessory miss sending P.C. for List. FREE TO W& CO., Weston-sir--- •Itr

WAR'

Iztaimmil

V• ••• • ...: , -• —,•,-•?' '.,,,- ~_.-::. :‘,..* iiEtifiYN•C'''',i--...c• ;. s.-,... :- itit':'.•••• -4 •••i:ifiil FL. it E AlCes:',-2- ,i.:40..-,. ,-- ,:i;j. ,c..-;:r.-... ~ .' .1 ! ' - •':, -4 '. S, .. ~ ' '. . - 2 ~- .‘ ' :4, , ~, ~, .., c 2. ~ ..! . ._.:., 1, 4:rfia li: 7fi !:.,. 'i: ,-.. ..• ..',• "-: v. + 4::. F. , i , -,,,,,,,:-13:4..,,....,,iN '.. -?3., ..., 3!.., ~,, ,_ ~„_,„..-...44,-.t.,-...:1--. ....?,,..•;, , ~,.. . .w. ..,,,, ..e. '.- 11'4AS4' i' it,': ..11,... ". 1,:, :Lk'. itr I T ~,.* ,;,...,:,,, .-1..1.1111- , , ...F-:., f, y ? .IF, ~,' !A.. , ~-* .:',-C't.': .v : 'l, :: Z ..;':;.,;%..1,' I.' IN: 'rill" . ..1.11,1: i, :,' 4,-11:`,1. AV .A.1.!6"...:'' •It: r `.•:-.4'. -, '',,5,...... ~;* " ' "...:,--' .f.4:l'r :4,174,&• At ' I—' -i7l- , , tit t,...' 41,1:••::. ,5x.E•,,,,-,-.174., 'i, , 4i..,::, ,:.4.N...t,,,;*,.. -_ • i, ....„,, •A 4 .4/,,r • * e•,-,- ',,.... ift .V st-lt a. 'Si."l':*;!' • '4,?-1,.....,:, •••.,',..,.) ..4, , , fle: •,,:41.••--e,-,:. ''. .:....1-...... ;i:,--,;f•rt.l ;e142,7, 1-.;`,)"1,11": :".-",,n,•;1*,, •••f•5,..a•!:,..:1' •75•4,4.k...T..;/. • t•,!•.:;,--, nii .I,r, •te. ~i. 1. -",.' • ‘ :..Z.i :7;;;,,i,'"F. , ~.,....,, Ick(,. , s t s 7,:i5,,,Ap ... . . ~',...";,.,!'..,,:,';j.*:1!.;;': ..:.eiii.",:'-' 5...,,,,,,g,:dta,,,‘-‘,.-4;:i:1F...:..,-.::',';. - • ttk - . • ,-- .•..:.:irriE,-,rt..s. .::. . Jiit_ • ......,, k...;;.* A-"; '.'.'. --..• !.•,-.,.;••• 11-1,!.-:•• *. -..:.1'.• '0'..,,' v,,'. ' • 7)c, TESTED FREE. BY THE MT APPROVED METHOD. 1)/ F. H. ARCHER, F.S.M.C., 8.0. A. -ler MODER ',TR P- on S-

....:111,1 IRILO , ~, 48t40- tr-Mare, En . .............. .m....„,,_ t.- • - sA 4; •-,-, -' 0 `;',, P§itHOLOGICk ,••4"'''‘' ‘' -- • • , z '''•'34' ` ELD' , , ‘, (W•--..,..:/ yotVits, 7,', ..,11.1.5.C1 .3 A-0 \3l:---,,ASl°:T'tii• tt‘,`;iiitiP..i. AiS lO, Vi 10111 t)!! 'it -.. • e-"..- 1 fc,,E1.0 ---65..10. • " 41110". ' Aleßll et Tr '446-7 Willir. ' ' C''"*"•- ei '-, Actisr %Pie!e %vitt* . ••,,Its ‘ • • • , Price`,S;; 0a ' ' • Wit(telrj,our Fate, • ' • lar.zirday:Wyeariar-k ?' (4) . PRIZNIED Pieffnil /YOrei,fantiiiryete ~..,.......... , ..,/,.... -... .10.1,..Nam. +.1,....1,,,,,...,....4., •INO - :Tr,. 1......... ....••••••••••

===== 0002601_19070427_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
° I th F 71

RING UP

17 ELEPHONE NO. 355 Y•

PRINTING.

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

===== 0002601_19070427_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTERS.

BOOKBINDERS.

LITEIOGRIPHER9.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any sue or pattern on blue, white, or fancy paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

CIRCLARS in the neatest style, from modern type, and of the beet workmanship.

PROGRAMMBS for Entertainments, Woncerts U., in the latest artistic style.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION woliKs. SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPIION BOOKS Pzinted, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order. HANDBILLS, in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, services of Song, Festivals.

CATALOGUES fur Public lacl Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

PRICI.I LIM Printed on card or paper Ulla trated, if required.

JOHNA JAM CO. W

COITRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SHEETS NOTICES OF MEETINGS POSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS POST CARDS

===== 0002601_19070427_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
ENVELOPES

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

ACCOUNT BOOKS, TICKET BOOKS, FOOTBALL FIXTURES, CRICKET FIXTURES.

EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTING

EXECUTED AT SHORT NOTICES.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

===== 0002601_19070427_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS.

latention le invited to our NIsW FOUNTS OF TYPII

and WOOD LETTER for Large rosters. FOR ALL KINDS OF BRAT POSTERS EXTRA LARGE SIZE.

40 x 60 One Sheet.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS

IN THE DISTRICT.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING.

ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

JOHN WALKER AND e 0

"EXAMINER" OFFICE. ,TTT. BEWSLY STREET, VN ARRINGTON,

===== 0002601_19070427_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
AliMMll'Mlil

===== 0002601_19070427_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• •

I

===== 0002601_19070427_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19070427_art0118.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

r

•

I

4

,

===== 0002601_19070427_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
" • ' • • '

===== 0002601_19070427_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL AGENTS.

Minn

===== 0002601_19070427_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
CONFERENCE AT WARRINGTON.

Spaeth by Mr. k H. Crosfield, M.P

===MC

important and democratic work for the benefit of the nation at large. (Hear, hear.) If the speech itself was a masterpiece in matter, he could assure them that it was none the less a masterpiece in delivery. He knew it was customary in some quarters to talk. of the House of Commons as a `‘` babblershop " only fit for people with the "gift of the gab " and to estimate that gift rather low. (Laughter.) There was an old French maxim bien dire c'est bien pensee—" good speaking means clear thinking"—and if ever there was an example of that they had it in the present Chancellor of the Exchequer. Coming .very near home, he would allude to another member of the Government of whom one of the best judges in the House of Commons and one of the most distinguished aud capable men there, said Mr. Churchill was, last year, THE PHENOMENON OF THE _SESSION,

—great praise that,where they had a front Bench packed with ability, making it the more difficult for the individual in a special degree to distinguish himself as their friend Mr. Churchill had done. (Applause.) It was not only the work be did in his own office where he was never caught "napping," but what particularly impressed one was his wonderful grasp of all the main political questions of the day. His speech in Drury- lane Theatre on Saturday afternoon showed the com- mand of the whole question of land reform and housing which Mr. Churchill possessed—in fact when Winston was on the warpath he was a host in himself. (Laughter.) There were many more on the front Bench that one would like to refer to, but perhaps if he did some of their friends on the other side might say they were blowing their own trumpet a little too long. (Laughter.) Then ought they instead to turn to the other side of the House? He did not want to say any- thing unkind, but the contrast was rather woeful. (Laughter). He had heard remarks in Warrington in years gone by about the personnel of this or the other party. He did not think they need fear to challenge their opponents on the question of personnel— (laughter and applause)—but it would perhaps be better on that pleasant occasion if they passed lightly over the other side—that unfortunate WRECIfED AND DRIFTING PARTY

which reminded him of a derelict on the political ocean, tossed about by the stormy seas of controversy, without a rudder, almost be had said—without a pilot. Might he briefly refer to one or two of the constituencies represented at their meeting? They had had an interesting ceremony in the presentation of a testi- monial to Mr. William Lord. (Applause). He (Mr. Cruslield) would like most cordially and hewctily to congratulate Mr. Lord on this pleasing recognition of his work, which must be a source of legitimate and honest satisfaction and pride to him as long as he lived. For many years he had been connected with the politics of Burnley, which was not unknown to them in War- rington. He (Mr. Crosfleld) had Prevent and pleasant opportunities of discussing politics in his early days with the distinguished Member for Burnley, who once represented Warrington. The successor to Mr. Peter Rylands was Mr. John Slagg,whom most of them would know by his honourable reputation as one of the fore- most politicians in Lancashire. So also was his successor whom he (Mr. Crosfield) had had the pleasure of knowing for years and whom he not infrequently met, not in the gilded Chamber —(laughter)—bat in the lobby of the House of Commons which Lord Weardale—perhaps more familiar to most of them as Mr. Philip Stanhope—occasionally visited. If he (Mr. Crosfield) had met those gentlemen who were former representatives of that constituency, he might say that the present MEMBER FOR BURNLEY

was his most intimate friend of them all, and a more hearty, genial and capable and universally popular man in the HORSE) than Mr. Maddison they could not find (Applause.) He (the speaker) was heaping coals of fire on Mr. Maddison's head in saying that because the member for Burnley pitched into him now and then. (Laughter.) No doubt he thought a new member wanted licking into shape. (Laughter.) The other day apropos of some question or other which cropped up, Mr. Maddison said to him "Now Crosfleld,take care you don't get too much cankered by the corroding influence af capital." (Laughter.) The phrase had a most awful sound with it, but their was a fine flavour of alliteration quite worthy of an old Parliamentary hand. (Laughter.) The warning was so earnest that he had been wondering ever since whether their poor friend Maddison had been afflicted 'with that malady himself. (Laughter.) He had been speaking of Cabinet Ministers, but he would say in passing that they were far from being the only men on the Liberal side who were doing magnificent work in the House of Commons. Though he would not have the bad taste to indulge in invidious and. unnece3- sary comparisons, still amongst THE LIBERAL-LABOUR MEN

===== 0002601_19070427_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
TRIBUTE TO CABINET MINISTERS AND LABOUR LEADERS.

Warrington was visited by Liberal agents from all parts of Lancashire and Cheshire on Monday, the occasion being the annual meeting of the Lincashire and Cheshire District of the Society of Certifi- cated and Associated Liberal Agents which was held at the Liberal Club. There were present :—Messrs. William Lord (Burnley), Fred Monks (Rossendale), A. Keith Durham (South- port), C. A. Walls (North Salford), J. Travis (North Lonsdale), Alfred Barker (Rochdale), A. F. Muir (Liverpool), James France (Ashton-under-Lyne), George Reed (Hyde), A.. Valentine (St. Helens), W. Beardsley (Heywood), C. Davidson (Bootle), Fred Harrison (Middleton), A. B. Spring (Bury), Fred Burn (Manchester), Charles Wood (West Salford), F. J. Downes, J. Howes (Warrington), George Massey (Stockport), J. Howes, jun. (Warrington), J. M. Home (Blackpool), J. W. Rylance (Leigh), Henry Gerrey (Bolton), R. Vickers and R. C. Vickers (Westhoughton) Joseph H. Hancox (Liverpool), James Long worth (Radcliffe-cum-Famworth),H..Hetherington (Altrincham), S. Boyden (Blackpool), J. • ayhurst (Damen), A. W. Adkins (Chorley), W. D. Woodall (Eddisbury), 3. Seller (Chester), R. H. Douse (High Peak), Sim Schofield (Prestwich), F. J. Arnold (Macclesfield), Joseph Smith (Knutsford), and William Handley (Northwich). Letters of apology for non- attendance were received from Sir R. A. Hudson, secretary of the National Liberal Federation, Mr. R. Barlow, chairman of the National Re.corm Union, and others. _

ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

Mr. A. Keith Durham (Southport) was elected chair- man, Mr. Fred Monks (Rossendale) hon. secretary, and Mr. A. P. Whitehead (Oldham) hon. treasurer. Messrs. Monks, F. Burn (Manchester), G. Reid (hlyde), and J. Longworth (Radcliffe-cum-Farnworth) were elected members of the Central Council, and Messrs. G. Massey (Stockport), William Lord (Burnley), and C. A. Walls (North Salford) members of the Executive Committee. PRESENTATION TO THE RETIRING CHAIRMAN. Mr. KEITH DURHAM presented to the retiring Chair- man (Mr. William Lord, of Burnley) an illuminated address worded as follows :—" On the occasion of your retirement from the chairmanship of the Lancashire and Cheshire branch of the Society of Liberal Agents, we desire to convey to you on behalf of the executive and members our keen appreciation of the services you have rendered to the society and our high esteem for you as a valued colleague in the cause of progress and reform in the county of Lancaster. For over thirty years you # have been actively identified with the work of the , Liberal Party, and the respect in which you are held by your brother agents is excellent testimony to your worth as an organiser, while the unique distinction of having been attached to the same constituency during the whole of your political life is a significant recognition from those with whom you labcur of the fidelity with which you have discharged the many onerous deities which have fallen to your lot. Our admiratioh of your abilities as an agent is only rivalled by our affectionate regard for the many personal qualities you possess and which have endeared you to all with whom you have come in contact. In parting with you as an officer of our society, we earnestly trust you may yet be granted many years of health and strength to serve the cause to which you have already given such conspicuous devotion." The address is signed by A. Keith Durham (chairman), Fred Monks (hon. secretary), and A. P., Whitehead (hon. treasurer). Mr. A. P. Whitehead gave a paper on Women's Suffrage, and an interesting discussion followed. TEA AT THE PATTEN ARMS HOTEL. SPEECH BY MR. CROSFIELD M.P.

In the evening the visitors were entertained at tea at the Patten Arms Hotel by Mr. A. H. Crosfleld, M.P. who presided over the gathering. Among local Liberals present were:—Alderman Tinnion, Councillors Evans. Wilkinson, and Clegg, the Rev. H. Dunnico, and Messrs. C. E. Parker, C. Jackson Holmes, E. J. Guest, W. Roberts, H. W. Guest, T. Pemberton, W. Furness, W. Bibby, S. Wright, J. T. Locker, J. Worrall, W. Roberts H. Gray, J. Critchley, J. Elwell, J. Morton and J. Willett. The health of the King was proposed by the Chair- man and duly honoured. MR. CROSVIELD'S SPEECH. hr. A. H. CROSFIELD M.P., veto was cordially re zeived, said he was very very proud to have the honour of welcoming to Warrington representatives of those who took so active and influential a part in politics throughout Lancashire and Cheshire. (Hear, hear.) He supposed he was right in putting the counties in that order. (Laughter.) He had no personal feelings on the point because he felt himself a sort of Jack for both sides—(laughter)—having been born in Cheshire and having 'followed the greater part of his i commercial career n Lancashire. They were met that day under pleasant political skies—(hear, hear)—and he thought perhaps the cheery countenances around that board showed that they were all alive to the healthy state of political affairs to-day—(hear, hear)—which they all appreciated the more when they looked back on the long, unsatisfactory, period of spend-thrift policy and very mistaken politics. (Hear, hear.) They would all, like himself .feel

for whom he has so great and deep a respect, he believed the work done by men like Mr. Maddison and Mr. Vivian—for whom in an especial degree last Saturday must have been a day of special triumph—would., in positive value to the people at large, bear comparison with the work done by some of the best men in the Cabinet itself. (Cheers.) Mr. Vivian was one of the busiest men in the House and it was almost harder to get an interview with him than with any crowned head in Europe (Laughter.) He would like to take that opportunity of acknowledging the assistance Mr. ilowes had given in the fight in Warrington. Mr. Howes was associated with the other Liberal agents in the extremely valuable work they were doing for Lancashire and Cheshire and he (the speaker) wished to say how greatly they valued what he had done for them in Warrington and what an extremely important factor that work had been in the signal victory which they had won a victory, if he might say so, n what had previously i been something of a Tory stronghold. Perhaps even greater things had been done elsewhere by some of those who were present—for instance in the Knutsford division by his good friend Mr. Smith— (applause)—but at any rate they were proud of the ' result in Warrington and heartily thanked Mr. Howes for his work. (Applause.) The agents present had, he was sure, had far greater experience than he (Mr Crosfield) of electioneering and the strain and stress of election times ; but it did not matter how many ques- tions Mr. Howes had to deal with, he (Mr. Crosfield) never once saw him ruffled or in a bad humour, or lose A REAL SATISFACTION his balance and sound judgment, and his really splendid in the work that was being done in the House of; eloquence at meeting after meeting did a good deal in Commons. (Applause.) He expected that they were this town to bring about hopeful of the work in store for them in the future— THE POLITICAL REVIVAL (hear, hear) —and quietly resolved that, if he might use they had had in recent times. He had spoken of the the expression he heard from the Premier on Saturday splendid speecia they had in the House of Commons the afternoon—(applause)—they would go steadfastly for- other day from the Chancellor of the Exehequer. There ward in order to realize that future.(Applause.)There was was another orator whom it was always the greatest a phrase which most of them who were accustomed to possible pleasure to listen to—and that was the platform had probably heard once or twice—the Mr. Birrell—because he always knew how to expression " The flowing tide is with us"..—(laughter)— come down from the stilts of oratory and give one a and what was more, it ought to be. (Applause.) There- dig in the ribs or a pat on the back. (Laughter.) There fore, as far as he was concerned—and he dare say those was a breezy vigour about his speeches which at the present were of the same opinion—he did not same time were full of information and culture that think they need bother their heads very much when made them delightful to listen to. They had the same they heard occasionally in this, and the other vigour and the same humonr—that invaluable quality— quarter a littla carping criticism from good• in the speeches of Mr. Howes in Warrington. (Hear, people who unfortunately from their point hear). Mr. Crosfield then alluded to the splendid work of view seemed determined that they would never be done by the Progressive Labour League, and suggested satisfied with anything short of the millenium. the formatien of similar organizations in other con- (Laughter). The Liberal party in the House of Corn- stitueneies., The League was independent of their own mons was doing its hest. They had a powerful Govern- party organization, and though he would not say any- inent, (hear, hear), and what should he say of their thing the least hit derogatory to their party organize- honoured and beloved chief? (Applause). The tion, he thought it was an excellent thing to have such chairman of that great demonstlution last Saturday in a League, and indeed he regarded it as of paramount the Holborn Restaurant, Sir John Brunner, (applause) importance. (Applause.) He sincerely congratulated his said that besides the regard and respect they fell, for friend, Mr. Barnes,thejpresident of last year,on the level- SIB. HENRY CAMPBELL B A NNERM AN headed, good judgment he showed in that capacity, and for his strenuous work as a statesman to-day, and in he congratulated the League equally in the successor they those darker political times when he showed so fine a had chosen for the present year in the person of another courage and fidelity to principle, the whole party also friend of his of long standing Mr. Elwell. (Applause.) felt reel affection for him as a man. (Applause). Liberals were supposed to talk of measures and not of Continuing Mr. Crosfield spoke of the influence with which he said the Liberal party had to contend in many men, but it would be a piece of impertinence on DIS quarters—the influence of the mischief-mongers in the part to attempt to instruct the members of that Press. He would like to quote from a very important Association on the subject of Liberal measures. He was doing his best to educate himself—(laughter)—and he despatch, the last he supposed they xvould have from Lord Cromer, whosa splendid work in Egypt he had had was sure that all present could help him in that a good deal more than he could help them. So he would ignore an opportunity of seeing for himself. There was a smell section—happily it was only a small section—of that old maximum for a moment and refer in a word or the people there who failed to recognise the splendid two to the men who were backing up Sir Henry. It services Lord Cromer had rendered to that country, and would only be fitting to take their own front Bench their views were expressed ma most extravagant fashion first. He did not know that he would take the other in one small section of the National Press. This was bench at all. (Laughter). Well, thinking of those one how Lord Cromer referred to that part of the Press :—"I saw day by day in the House let them take for instance find that facts are generally nth-stated and often the President of the Local Government Board. (Hear, wilfully perverted and that vague declamation, wholly hear). A more erroneous and even fantastic ideas as to the motives and TIRELESS WORKER intentions not only of England but of other foreign had never entered the House of Commons. He (Mr. powers, and sweeping generalities which are not accom- Crosfleld) had been informed on very good authority periled by any semblance of proof form the principal that the Local Government Board was of all Govern stock-in-trade of these writers, do not remember ment departments about the hardest worked, etc] if ever to have read in any of the newspapers of which I there was a man who might at times have some excuse am now speaking a single accurate, well-argued, or for being a bit "rattled," as their American friends useful article on such matters as finance, education, er expressed it, surely that was Mr. John Burns. He had the working of the judicial systun." On that the to be everywhere, and to attend to a multiplicity of " Westminster Gazette" said: "" We wish that Lord things, but he was never "rattled," and the more work Cromer could be called in to report on a Press much there was to do the better he seemed to like it. nearer home than that of Egypt. Would he have to (Laughter.) Always genial and hearty, with his alter the terms of his report very mach ?" (Cries of Homeric laughter, and genuine humour and zeal—why " No.") He, Mr. Crosfield felt that in organizations it did one good merely to look at the man. (Applause.) like the Progressive Laaour League they had the best Then to take a Minister of different temperament, of means of stampine out the influence of that section of acute and brilliant intellect, and the press which with A MAN OF UNDOMITED GENIUS SENSATIONAL CLAP-TRAP a man whom they knew too, and wouid not forget in systematically endeavoured to gull the public, and of Warrington—Mr:Lloyd George —(loud applause)—the disseminating plain, solid, honest fact amongst the tribute paid to him at the Board of Trade was not paid democracy of our town. They had made a great effort only by members on their own side of the House. They in Warrington during the last two years with very heard it said on all sides, and in every part of the happy results—like they had achieved in almost every country that; Mr. Lloyd George was about the most constituency represented that day. Having done that,. vigilant, efficient, and eminently satisfactory President he hart heard their sanguine friends on the other sidb who had ever sat at the Board of Trade. (Applause.) say" Wait for the swing of the pendulum?' Ha agreed If he might refer to another distinguished with them and he thought the pendulum would swing member of the Government who also received a great when they had done another fifteen or twenty years tribute of administration from both parties in the State good work. (Hear, hear and laughter.) But it their but the amount and pressure of whose work he (Mr. , opponents thought they had made simply a passing and Crosfield) had reason to think was not understood quite spasmodic effort, he would like the authority of the as fully as it, might be, he would mention the foreign members of the Progressive Labour League for assuring minister Sir Edward Grey—(applause)—one of those their guests that so far as their own locality was cote- statemen in our country, like Sir Wilfred Laurier across t cerned, against all comers in Warrington it was their the Atlantic, of whom all the British race was proud. 1 intention to hold the seat which they had won. (Applause.) The industry and the amount of work put (Applause). He wished to again express the great satis- in by men like Mr. Asquith and Mr. Haldane was only faction it was to him that so many had taken the equalled by their paramount and pre-eminent ability, trouble to come to Warrington for that conference. He and he (Mr. Crosfield) was sure that hoped it would be.productiveof great good from a, party MASTERPIECE OF A BUDGET and from a national point of view. They were party delivered by Mr. Asquith the other day must have politicians hut they were something more. The duty given satisfaction, so fa,' as it went, to many earnest of Liberalism, like charity, began at home, people in this country. He dare say some of them but it did not end there. As the Premier said the other would like to see Mr. Asquith go further—(hear, hear) day, all this nonsensical talk about little Englanders but they must at least realize that in that Budget they hari no epplication to Englishmen, he they Liberal or had thoroughly sound flpance--(bear, hear)—and most ,

Tory, for on both sides they valued and cherished the influence in the world for progressive civilisation of the British commonwealth. They could afford to ignore a slander of that kind and he was happy to say that that their CONSERVATIVE FRIENDS DI WARRINGTON did not indulge in those silly accusations. Liberals recognized that, while they owed a great duty to their own people, besides this the British Empire and the French Republic, and the great Republic over the water, more fortunately situated as they were, owed a duty towards some of those wretched people, whether they were suffering the fiendish atrocities which had been perpetrated in thc Congo—and of which he had had evidence from people who had been on the spot and seen the victims —or whether they were in the near East where Government had been what Mr. Gladstone called it—" the negation of God upon earth." He hoped most sincerely that pressing as was the duty they owed to their own people—to the slum populations of England, to agriculture and to so many other sections of the community—the tide of Liberal enthusiasm would not have spent its force without extending its benefi- cent influence to the wretched people in other lands who ought to feel the benefit of enlightened opinion and influence in England. If they only looked at the facts as they saw them in some of those nations to-day, it would be enough to turn any man into a rink pessimist. He (Mr. Crosfield) was an optimist—he was young enough to be that still—(hear, hear)—and it was by looking at the landmarks on the bank that they saw that the stream of progress still carried them forward towards higher levels ()Nodal justice and a better ideal of civilisation. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19070427_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
A RED LETTER WEER.

Mr. A.KEITII DIIRRAM,the newly-elected chairman of the Association, moved a vote Of thanks to Mr. Crosfield for his generous hospitality, and for the honour he had done them by presiding. That was the second largest agents' organization in England, and he was happy to say that out of a total membership of 53, 43 were present that day. They attended those meetings at their own expense, and with only one object in view— to forward the interests of the Liberal party. He had listened with great pleasure to Mr. Crosfield's excellent speech, and he thought no part of it touched his heart more than the reference to Mr. Howes. (Applause.) Happily the time had gone by when agents were mere appendages of the party, drudges at the beck and call of every officer or of every gentleman who would like to be an officer. The agents were now called into the counsels of the party, and were consulted as to matters of policy and allowed to carry out the organization in their own way. That was a great step for- ward and he thought the agents had quite justified the confidence reposed in them. Last week was a red letter week in the history of the Liberal party. They had at the beginning the reorganization of the House itself which would enable the Government to dispose of the business in a businesslike fashion. They had had a magnifi- cent Budget. (Hear, hear.) The income tax was reduced and for the first time a differentiation was made in income, the money earned by the sweat of the brain and of the brow being more lightly taxed than mere dividend income. The death duties had been in- creased, and the national debt had been reduced ten millions, while provision had been made for reducing it still further during the current year. A foundation was made for that very excellent reform which he was sure the members of the Progressive Labour League were looking forward to—old age pensions. (Applause). What was not least, the Government had endeavoured to restore the national credit. Last week a Bill was brought in for the establishment of a Criminal Appeal Court and another useful measure was the Patent Bill which would ensure to the Englishman that the product of his brain would he used in England itself. Then they had a promise of land,reform in the shape of a Bill which would divide the value of buildings from that of the land and for the first time give the toilers an interest in the land. They had the principle introduced—and they believed Sir Henry would press it forward—that unearned increment should go to the people. Beyond all that, they had the extraordinary spectacle of the visit of the Colonial Premiers and the presence of General Botha was particularly a vindication of Liberal policy in granting the Transvaal the Constitution which was bitterly opposed by the Tory party. Mr. Durham concluded by congratulating the Warrington Liberal Association upon the fact that its organization was so efficient and that the attainment of a 1,500 majority had not been the signal for the dismissal of the agent whose services, it was evident, were very highly appreciated. (Applause). Mr. LORD seconded and the vote was heartily accorded.

Mr. CROSFIELD in reply said it was a great honour for a young member of Parliament like himself to be allowed to preside over a meeting of such experienced politicians. He hoped it would not be long before the Liberal agents paid Warrington another visit.(Applause) On the motion of Mr. Scnorrnn, seconded by Mr. Mosics, a vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. J. Howes, and to Mr. J. Howes, jun. for making such excellent arrangements for the conference. Mr. HOWES briefly responded. SPEECH BY MR. a E. PARKER.

Mr. C. E. PARKER said he would like to say on behalf of the Executive Committee of the Liberal Association how pleased they were that the Liberal agents had come to Warrington and spent a pleasant day here. They recognized the worth and work of the agents to the full. The afients were as watchmen upon the walls of Liberalism and had to be constantly on the look-out. He could assure them that they in Narrington did not accept a majority of 1,500 as the death sentence of Mr. Crosfleld. (Laughter and applause.) They had put him in Parliament and they meant to keep him there. (Applause.) They were very proud of the victory and of the Liberal Government. Mr. Chamberlain,—with whom they all sympathised in the illness which had laid him aside—once said that if the Liberal party were returned they would soon be hissed off the stage. They did not believe it then, and they did not believe it now. They had got a strong live Government at the head of affairs. He was speak- ing to a Conservative, who was a commercial man, the other day, and he told him (Mr. Parker) that although he was not with him in politics, there was no doubt that the Board of Trade was thoroughly alive now and information could be obtained from that department which they could not procure before. He (Mr. Parker) believed that the Government in the estimation of the party and of the country was as strong to-day as when it was returned. Let them long keep it there. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19070427_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF THE REV. S. WILKINSON.

A Former Vicar of St. Paul's, Warrington.

Many Warrington people will regret to hear of the death of the Rev. Samuel Wilkinson, M.A., formerly vicar of St. Paul's, Warrington, who passed away at Halton Vicarage on Wednesday. The deceased clergy- man, who was about seventy years of age, had been in failing health for a long time and at the recent vestry meeting had intimated his intention of resigning the living in October. He was held in affectionate regard by mony Warringtonians, his untiring work here for eighteen years bringing him into contact with various sections of the community. He was educated at St. Catherine's College, Cambridge, and obtained his B.A. degree in 1861. He became M.A. in 1867 and in addition he took an M.A. degree at Durham in 1876. He was ordained deacon in 1863 and priest in 1864 by the Bishop of Lichfield. He held a curacy at Perry-Barr, Birmingham from 1863 to 1865 and in the latter year he took up a similar appointment at Stockton Heath which he held until 1872 when he succeeded to the living of St. Paul's Warrington- He was exceedingly popular with his congregation here and it was largely through his efforts that St. Barnabas' Church and All Saints' Mission were opened. He displayed great activity in many branches of religious work and also acted as chaplain to the Warrington Union. Tn 1890 he left St. Paul's to take charge of the church at Timperley. Here also he interested himself in all local organizations and was an enthusiastic member of the Titnperley Cricket Chit). In 1905 he went to Halton, having exchanged livings with the Rev. G. D. Wray, his son-in-law, and he did an excellent work in the parish. As a mark of respect the flag at St. Paul's Church has been floating at half-mast. The funeral will take Place to-day (Saturday) and will be attended by the Vicar and other representatives of St. Paul's. There will be a service at Halton Church at ten o'clock and the interment will take place at Timperley at three o'clock.

International Order of Good Templars. The South-west Lancashire Convention monthly session was held on Saturday last at Platt Bridge, under the auspices of the " Ever Welcome " Lodge. The reports given of the various lodges were most encouraging, especially in the southern portion of the arPa, the Warrington lodges occupying a most con- spicuous position. During the usual order of business Bro. J. R. Griffiths, Warrington (Temperance Mission Lodge), was unanimously elected to the office of ' Convention Electoral Superintendent for the present term. The principal event of the day was the splendid report of the Grand Lodge Session held at London in Easter week, given by the able leader, Bro. ,T. Oliver. D.O.T. Judging by the number of members taking part in the dtscussion which ensued, the spirit of enthusiasm aroused should giye an impetus to more fervent and determined efforts throughout the area. A hearty, unanimous vote of thanks to Bro. Oliver brought a most pleasant and proatable session to a conclusion. The delegates from Warrington were Bros. Roberts, Griffiths, Savage, Crompton and Nelson

HOW WE STUDY ECONOMY.

Britain consumes 140,000,000 lbs. of currants yearly' Judged from a scientfic standpoint this enormous weight of currants is equal in nutritive value to 187,500 tons of lean beef. A considerable proportion of this vast quantity of currants is used in the making of bread. Economically minded housewives consider Currant Bread a most thrifty food. It keeps moist. much longer than ordinary bread and needs very little butter.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW THEATRE, WARRINGTON.

Our readers are probably aware that the contract for the erection of the Warrington Palace Theatre and Hippodrome at Friars' Gate has been let'to Mr. C. W. Davenport. It could not be placed in better hands and it is confidently anticipated that the building will be completed in August. From the rapidity with which the work is proceeding there is every reason to believe that the expectation will be realized.

We are informed that the foundation stone is to be laid by the Mayor (Alderman Smethurst) on Wednes- day next, and there will in all probability be a large attendance of leading townspeople. Invitations have been issued for the ceremony at one o'clock and for luncheon at the Lion Hotel at 1.30. The Regimental band from Orford Barracks will be in attendance at the site and at the Lion Hotel and will discourse a choice selection of music. The trowel which is to be presented to the Mayor is a very fine specimen a Sheffield work of particularly handsome design. Mr. Ralph Johnson has kindly given consent for the trowel to be displayed :in the window of his premises in Bridge-street. Mr. Barnes informs as that he has received numer- ous inquiries for shares in the theatre. There is to be no public issue but he will be able to secure a certain number of 6 per cent. preference shares for the public of Warrington, should they desire to have any. Mr. Edwin Bradshaw has consented to be a director of the theatre in company with Mr. F. R. Roberts, and Alderman Bennett is to be the auditor.

It is gratifying to learn that the promoters desire that as much work as possible should be given to local firms. We have already published a description of the theatre and there is no doubt that it will be an ornament to the town and provide a first-class place of amusement. Seating accommodation will be pro- vided for over 2,000 people and thq fittings and decorations will be of the most elaborate description. The public will be pleased to learn that Mr. Barnes will resume his Vaudeville entertainments at the Parr Hall on Monday week, May 6th.

DRAWING OF ELEVATION TO FRIARS' GATE.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIMROSE LEAGUE PERSONALITIES.

MR. J C. PARR MISREPRESENTS THE PREMIER AND ATTACKS cHE UNEMPLOYED.

At a meeting of the Grappenhall Habitation of the Primrose Leagne held on Thursday last week, Mr. J. Charlton Parr (the ruling councillor) delivered the following remarkable speech (as reported in our neutral contemporary, the "Guardian.") Mr. Parr, who had a hearty reception, said that in once more addressing them as their ruling councillor on the eve of Primrose Day,he did so under somewhat adverse circumstances. He alluded on the last occasion to the change politically, which had come and the cloud which overshadowed them, and he could not say things were brighter yet. However, some of them might see a rift in the cloud,a bright spot whence the sun might re-appear, and that bright spot was the possible disruption of the present party in power, through its own extravagant and reckless attempts at legislation. (Hear, hear.) They talked a great deal about the filling up of the cup, and he could not help feeling that they were proceeding with that process much faster than they had any idea of. The crude and ill-considered measures that had been added to the Statute Book, together with the dangerous and mischievous Bill introduced and passed through the Commons, but happily revised and rejected by the Upper House, had caused such a feeling of irritation and uneasiness in the country and throughoutithe Empire, that signs were not wanting of revulsion and re-action, which might at the next general election cause a reversion of opinion in the electorate even greater than that they experienced on the last occa- sion. (Hear, near.) He was sure he was expressing their candid satisfaction, together with his own, at the visit of their Colonial Premiers for the conference in London and their concurrence in the hearty welcome they were receiving. (Hear, hear.) They would remember how the suggestion of the conference originated with the late Government, on the invita- tion of a great statesman,now unfortunately invalided abroad, but whom they were happy to notice by the papers, was progressing towards recovery, Mr. Chamberlain. (Applause.) They would also remember how the present Government, on acceding to office, threw cold water on the proposal, and did their best to neutralize any anticipation of good that was expected to come from it. But popular feeling was too strong for them, so they were tusking a virtue of necessity and extending an effusive welcome to our Colonial friends, with which they all joined most cordially. He could touch upon many other interesting points, for instance the reduction in the navy, the re-modelling, or as many thought the practical destruction of the army. All for what ? To get money for a visionary scheme of old age pensions, and for subsidizing the unemployed ; in other words, those who prefer idleness to work, and would rather be fed out of the pockets of others than earn a decent livelihood for themselves. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the army they all knew their present Premier's feeling towards it. -When their soldiers were fighting in South Africa,winning back for our Crown a land which a former Liberal administra- tion had gone a long way towards losing, Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman characterised their exploits as methods of barbarism. ("Shame.") We really required a new vocabulary to explain the meaning of the speeches of our present rulers; for instance, the Attorney-General, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, advocated in a public speech a combination of the Crown and people against the House of Lords. This, in the usual acceptation of the terms would mean they would interpret revolution and treason to the Empire. He would, no doubt, explain it as loyalty and constitu- tionalism, but he did say that he thought the reporters had vanished. Then again at the last election the heads of the Radical party did not hesitate to mis- represent, to detract, and to falsify with regard to Chinese labour and other subjects. This) in old- fashioned phraseology, %ould have been called evil speaking, lying and slandering, but in the new vocabu- lary of the Liberal party it was called terminological inexactitude. (Laughter and applause).

Letter From Mr. J. Howes.

Mr. Parr and the League Criticised.

Sir,—The Primrose League is a wonderful institution. You can get more decorations and titles from it for about 3s. 9d. than you can get from any other organiza- tion in the country. There is always plenty of amuse- ment at its meetings. Its speakers are allowed to give the fullest scope to their imaginations. They are not necessarily trammelled by facts. They make their own history. If there is more than one speaker at a meeting their speakers need not harmonise, and with the assist- ance of the ventriloquist, comic singer, and piano soloist, they can always be relied upon to give a mis- cellaneous and mirth provoking entertainment. The motto of this institution should be" A little folly now and then is relished by the wisest men." Therd has recently been a meeting of the GRAPPEN- HALL HABITATION of the league, presided over by Mr. J. C. Parr, the ruling councillor. Mr. H. .1. Westbrook said that the league followed out the Biblical instruction, to train up children in the way they should go. Mr. Cary said they must attract the younger people because it was to them they must 'look for the future development of the party. Of course in catering for children they are dealing with that section of • the community possessing limited knowledge and little political experience, hence accuracy of speech is not an absolute necessity. Mr. Parr spoke of the cloud which overshadowed them as a party and said "He could not say things were brighter yet," but Mr. Cary said " Looking back since the days of the last General Election, they had at the present time abundant cause for congratulation." Mr. Parr, of course, strongly denounced the present Liberal Government. They were accused of throwing cold water on the proposal for the visit of the Colonial Premiers to this country, of reducing the Navy„ destroying the Army, 8.1 c., "and all for what ?" said Mr. Parr, "To get money for a visionary scheme of old-age pensions, and subsidising the unemployed, in other words those who preferred idleness to work, and would rather be fed out of the pockets of others than earn a livelihood for themselves."

Mr. Cary said they must "welcome heartily the workingclasses and let them be assured their presence W 9.3 desired," but I would suggest to these Primrose Leaguers that if they should succeed in getting any of the workingclasses to their aristocratic gatherings, it would be as well to suppress the utterances of Mr. Parr, for the toilers will not feel very happy when listening to the condemnation of the only Government that has made a practical attempt to provide them with a little money, during the period of old age, and thus perhaps, prevent them from having to go to the Work- house. Nor are the workingclasses likely to applaud very vigorously the man who tolls them that they' prefer idleness to work and would rather be fed out of the pockets of others, than earn a livelihood for them- selves." This kind of gospel had better be kept for the children they are training,and the younger members they are endeavouring to get hold of, who at present know little of the battle of life, net having had,perhaps, to rub against the sharp corners of adversity. To talk to grown up people in this fashion, would not be likely to strengthen the membership of the Primrose League. The remainder of the speeches delivered on this occasion consisted of the usual Tory fireworks and fake, and slanderous statements.

Mr. Parr slid again : " With regard to the army they all knew their present Premier's feelings towards it. When their s)ldiers were fighting in south Africa. winning back for our Crown a land which a former Liberal administration had gone a long way towards losing, Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman characterized their exploits as methods of barbarism." " Winnine. back for our Crown." If he had said winning back for the ALIEN JEW :%fIL LIONAIRE.3, or winning back for the CHINANIAN, he would have been nearer the mark. Of course Sir Henry Campbell Bannerman, never accused our soldiers of barbarism. This is a stale slantier; often refuted, the repetition of which only shows thle miserable condition to which the Tory Party is reduced, when they have to resort to such tactics for the purpose of maligning a political opponent. What about the Army? What condition was that oraanisation in during the existence of the Late Government? Lamentable were the revelations that came to us during the Boer War, and can the nation have forgotten that three successive War Ministers, under the late Tory Administration, attempted to grapple with the question of Army Reform and failed, and now that we have a statesman endeavouring to pro- vide us with a well organised and equipped fighting force, these Primrose Leaguers show their patriotism by doing all they can to make his task as difficult as possible. Mr. Cary, speaking on the Education Question, said : The final step to which the Radicals were driving as an alternative to definite religious teaching would lead to secularism, and from secularism it was a very easy step to Socialism, while Socialism was but a step removed from Atheism. Any departure ! from those sacred obligations of definite religions teaching that had made this country great, to which this country owed its prosperity and happi- ness, was, step by step, going to lead to the same fate that befell all those nations that died in the

===== 0002601_19070427_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL COMPANIES' AFFAIRS. Apolications Re Peerless Patents and Alfred Stanway, Ltd.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour Deputy Judge Strachan, K.C., Mr. F. Cuthbert Smith, barrister (instructed by Mr. T. S. Steel) appeared on behalf of the liquidators of the Paerless Patents Co., Ltd., (Messrs. Randall and E. Bradshaw) to make an application, supported by the Official Receiver, for the sanction of the Court to a scheme dealing not only with the creditors and members of the company but the creditors of Samuel Booth. Mr. Cuthbert Smith said that up to Decem- ber 1905 Booth carried on business as a builder's merchant in the name of the Peerless Patents Co. In March 1906 he agreed to sell the business to a company to be incorporated under the name of the Peerless Patents Co., Ltd., which was now being wound up. The company was a very short-lived one. It was really a one man company to all intents and purposes and in May 1906 it was found impossible to continue the business owing to its liabilities. At a meeting of creditors it was ascertained that the creditors of Samuel Booth and of the company were more or less mixed up, and it was very difficult to divide them. At a meeting of the company it was decided that the concern be voluntarily wound up. On May 26th the bankrupt executed a deed of assignment for the benefit of his creditors but on the sthJuly a petition of bankruptcy was filed and the Official Receiver took charge of Booth's estate. The creditors of the company and of , the bankrupt were largely the same and he asked the !Judge to sanction a compromise, which had received the approval of the Board of Trade whereby, as soon as the costs of the liquidator:3 and the official receiver had been paid the creditors of Samuel Booth and of the company would be paid pro rata out of the estate. His Honour sanctioned the compromise. The next case was in respect of a summons taken out by the Official Liquidator (Mr. Grant Gibson) in the matter of Alfred Stanway, Ltd., for the direction of , the Court as to how he should dispose of the assets in his possession. It appeared from the official liquidator's remarks that the company was wound up compulsorily under an order of the Court made on February 22n1, 1906, on the petition of Messrs. Cohen, ' Weenan and Co., who a day or two prior to presenting • the petition had levied an execution on the goods of the company. The Sheriff, however, withdrew on a claim being made on all the assets by the Receiver appointed by the Palatine Court of Lancaster for the debenture holders. In the course of the winding up, facts came to the knowledge of the official liquidator which led him to question the validity of the deben- tures and ultimately an odor was made by the • Palatine Court delating that the debentures formed no charge on the assets. In consequence of that order the official liquidator received from the Receiver upwards of £5OO and he now applied to the Court for directions as to how the claim of Messrs. Cohen • Weenan and Co., for £278 should be dealt with. He ' suggested three alternative courses :—(1) Allow the firm to prove ratably with the other creditors ; (2) to pay Messrs. Cohen £l4 ss. lid, and to allow them to prove the balance; (3), to pay them their claim of £278 in full. Mr. Gibson pointed out that no claim had been made against him but he considered it his duty to bring the matter before the Judge, as he was anxious to Ido what was right and equitable. He contended that the second alternative was the proper one. Mr. E. A. White appeared on behalf of Messrs. Cohen, Weenan and Co., and claimed that they should be paid 1

===== 0002601_19070427_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
-__

in full. The law was presumed to favour the diligent creditor who did everything he could to get his debts paid. His clients had undoubtedly adopted that course as the debt was only incurred in September and Decem- ber, 1905, and as it should have been paid at once a writ was issued on January 9th. His Honour said the official liquidator had acted in the high-toned manner which the officers of the Court were always expected to adopt—the very highest prin- ciples of equity. , When they came to apply that prin- ciple of doing what was fair, he thought it demanded that the man who by his own legitimate efforts possessed himself of property in accordance with the law should not be deprived of his right to it simply because he voluntarily abandoned possession by reason ef repre- sentations made by another officer of the Court which he thought he was bound to act upon. His Honour made an order for Messrs. Cohen, Weenan and Co., to be paid their debt in full.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
CEMENT AND ITS APPLICATIONS

A New Industry for 'Warrington.

Under the above title a most interesting lecture was at the invitation of the Warrington Technical Building Students' Association, delivered last Saturday evening at the Technical Institute by Dr. Prentice (of Messrs. Crosfleld's.) _

Mr. E. S. A. ROBSON, M.Sc.,Principal of the Institute presided over a good attendance and represontativeS were also present from the Master Builder's Association. Dr. Prentice at the outset briefly surveyed the history of Portland cement, reviewing the successive steps which led up to its discovery by Aspdin in 1824. He showed that all the obstacles, which had retarded its application to arts and industries had been primarily. due to defective knowledge of the chemical principles involved in its production. In proportion, however, as its manufacture came more and more to be recognised as a complicated problem of chemistry and engineering it had profited by the immense developement in these sciences until latterly by the introduction of complete scientific con- trol and by improved machanical methods, it had finally emerged from the empirical phase into its present position as one of the largest chemical industries of the day. By the aid of lantern slides,he illustrated the gradual evolution of the machinery employed in the cement industry, culuminating in the most modern type, such ' as was being laid down in Messrs. Crosfield's new cement ' works, now approaching completion. All these changes Ihe noted, emphasized the medern tendency towards labour-saving appliances and automatic devices, which. not only reduced the cost of production to a minimum, but by eliminating, as far as possible the personal element, secured an almost, absolute constancy in results.

The process of manufacture, Dr. Prentice explained, was divided into three stages, viz., the mixing of the raw materials, the calcination and the grinding. although there were various methods in use for the first stage of manufacture, according to the physical nature of the raw materials, the one almost universally employed in England was the "wet process," in which chalk and clay were mixed in certain definite chemical proportion and then reduced to a fine state of division in the presence of water. The slurry so obtained was next delivered by mechanical means to 100-feet long rotary furnace, where the evaporation of the water and the calcination took place. It was in , this operation, the lecturer explained, that the chemical` I changes occurred, resulting in the formation of those silicates ond aluminates of calcium, to which Portland cement owed its hardening or" setting" properties, aS they are termed. In the final stake of the process, the semi-vitrified mass produced during the calcination was ground to an impalpable powder. The next part of the lecture dealt with the properties of a good Portland cement and the various tests—chemical and physical--- by which these are assured, this explanation being accompanied by actual demonstration, with the apparatus in daily use. Apropos of the chemical proper- ties, it was pointed out that the grey colour common to all the Portland cements at present in the market, wad4i almost entirely due to the presence of a small percent- age of izon oxide, all the other constituents as he we.. able to show by actual example heing perfectly white. While this did not in the slightest detract from itS strength and suitability for ordinary purposes, it was undeniable that its field of usefulness for artistio exteriors would be immensely enlarged if they were able, as they hoped shortly, to produce on the commer- cial scale a perfectly white cement. In conclusion, Di:. Prentice threw on the screen s numbers of views of buildings and other structures to illustrate the enormous recent developments in the application of cement to constructional and decorative work, especially in combination with steel in the ford of ferro-concrete, one of the most valuable properties of the latter, its wonderful fire-resisting qualities being demonstrated by a number of slides which contrasted its behaviour under fire with that of ordinary materials. A discussion followed, the lecture, Messrs. RonsoNr FISHER, MARSHALL, WRIGHT, and JONES taking part' A hearty vote of thanks to Dr. Prentice, moved 131 Mr. MARSHALL seconded by Mr. COBB for his most interesting and able lecture, was carried with applause*

Services for Sunday. Wycliffe Congregational Church, Sunday Soho°, Anniversary: Preacher, 10.30 and 0.30, Rev. *Davin Walters, Leeds. A Service of Song will be renderedin in the afternoon entitled" Christ the Healer" (written by Miss E. Brown and composed by Mr. W. H. Payton, Mus. Bac.), Mr. W. H. Wallington will preside and na address will be delivered by the Rev. F. Vaughan. Golborne-street Baptist Church: Preacher, 10.30. and 6.30, Rev. Lewis M. Thomas, Openshaw. Bold-street Wesleyan Church: Preachers, 10.30 Rev. S. Pitt; 6.30, Rev. W.Mellor. Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church: Preacher, 10.30,1 W, E. J. Gavnie ; 6.30, Rev. J. Manning. Baptist Church, Latchford: Preacher, Rev. J. F• Matthews. Subjects: 10.30, "A New Trinity"; 6.30, "A Herculean task."

, Property Agents' Protection Association. A meeting of estate agents of Warrington was held at the offices of Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Co., Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, on Thursday, when there were present, Mr. C. D. Parkinson (in the chair) and representatives of the following agents :—Messrs. J. Shaw Green and Co., A. H. Clive, T. Cowden, A. W. Howard, J. H. Gittens, J. Titchett and Son, C. Healey/ John Smith, R. Lowe. A. B. Marsh and H. J. Longton• The object of the meeting was to form a Property Agents Protection Association for preventing undesir- able tenants obtaining possession of houses. It was decided at the meeting to form the above Association and Mr. Herbert Johnson of (Messrs. T. and J. L. Association, and Co.) was appointed Secretary, and a committee consisting of the following agente was appointed :—Messrs. A. H. Clive, R. Lowe, John Smith, G. Titchett and C. Healey. The chief object of the Association is to keep a register of the name; of all undesirable tenants, and to take steps to prose- cute persons doing wilful damage to property. A vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman.

Three Years for Housebrqaking. At Liverpool Quarter Sessions on Tuesday, before Sir William Forwood and other magistrates, Hug Beattie (58), fitter, was indicted on three charges of breaking and entering dwelling-houses in Warringtoo and stealing a. number of articles. He pleaded guilty, Mr. Hibbert Ware, who prosecuted, said that in each case the prisoner conducted his operations during the temporary absence of the occupants. He gained entrance by means of a skelton key. On December 26th he entered the house of Edward Powell and stole a silver watch and a gold albert guard and locket. 00 February 21st he broke into the house of Willi Wood and stole a gold chain, brooch, and 15s. io money, and on March 12th he entered the house of Annie Clayton and stole a gold watch and chain and other articles and £3 17s, in money. The prisoner was detected in consequence of giving one of the watches to a man named Bell, who on trying to paw's it, was arrested at St. Helens. Many of the other articles were found under a flag in the prisoners'e house. The Chairman said the prisoner's record wag a very bad one. He got five years' penal servitude, in 1901 for three cases of housebreaking, and had 00 sooner finished that when he received another for seven cases of housebreaking. On that second term he had still one year and 202 days to serve. There was no doubt he was a professional house' breaker, and, the only way to deal with him was to keep him locked up for as long as they reasonabll could, and so prevent him from preying on society, He would have to go to penal servitude for three years, and to serve the balance of the previous sentence.

Warrington.—Printed and published by 50HN WALIIO° ct Co., at The Examiner General Printing virarrif Bewsey-street, and published by them at the sold place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-TO b, WIDNEs : 32, George-street, Sr. HELMS: 3, MOO' r treet, EARLESTOWN; Church-street RUNCORA " 27i11.1907.

===== 0002601_19070427_art0130.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
im

===== 0002601_19070427_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BAPTIST CHURC H, LATCHFORD• To-moßßow (SUNDAY) APRIL 28TH, 1907. JOHN FRANCIS MATTFIBWS. Morning 10 30: "A new Trinity." Evening R "A Herculean task.' OFFBRTORIBS.

SEY Rf oAD TNI`ALEYAN CHURCH wARRINGTON. ON SUNDAY "NBXT, APRIL 28TH, 1907. Morning 10 30: Rev. R. J. GAWNR. livening 6 30: Rev. J. MANNING. All welcome. Hymn Books provided. p, APTTST CHURCff, GOLBORNE STREET AC, TO-MORROW (RUNDAY) APRIL 28TH. PREACHER : REV. LRWIS M. THOMAq, A.T.9. (Openehaw.) MouNING "The first love " FVICNING 6.30 " Right-about-face." Sunday May sth, Rev. HOWA.RO MOORS.

BOLD STREET WRSLFIYAN CRIJRCH._ TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). APRIL 28TH, 19)7. Morning 11.30. Rev. SIDNRY livening 6.30. Rev. wir,Litow MRLLOR. All welcome. Hymn Rooks provided.

WARRINGTON RAGGED SCHOOL AND MISSION.-2r.rw ANNIVTIRSARY SHRMONS. To be held in the PARR HALL To-MORROW (SUNDAY), APRIL 28th, when JOHN KIRK of the Ragged School Union, London. Will DULIVRiI TWO ADDRBSSIIS, Afternoon 2.30. Pveninz 8•30. Collection; in aid of the Mission. ON MONDAY RVRNING NEXT. APRIL 29TR. TRA MRRTING in the SaIIOOLROOM, BANK ST. Tea on the Tables 6.31. Ticket; 6d. each A PHRLIC MEWING Will take place afterwards when C.• E. Parker, Req.. will Preside. John Kirk, Eeq., wile address the Meeting. Hearty welcome to all. _ WARRINGTnN CHIUD'O4.!N'SSf3‘INIER CARP PRESTATYN.—SRASON 1907. The COMAIITTRII announc that the CAMP WILL BR READY FOR VISITORS on 22nd JUNE until 19th JULY and from 19th AUGUST to 14th SEPTEMBER if necessary. For terms of occupation and other information, apply to W. H. J. JIINKINS. Hon. Sec. Bank Chanabera, Warrington. DONATIONS THANKFULLY RTICRIVRD.

KNUTSFORiI ROYAL MAY-DAY 1-RSTIVAL WILL TAKE PLACE ON WEDNESDAY NEXT. MAY lei. SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS. JAMES H. DEAN, Secretary.

W YCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. SUNDAY, APRIL 28rn. 1907.• SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. PREACHER: 10.30 AND 6.30. REV. DAV iD WALTERS, (of Headingley, Leeds.) IN THE IFTERNOON AT 2.30, A SERVICE OF SONG "CHRIST THE HEaLER." MUSIC BY W. H. PA.YTON, MITS. EAU.; AN ADDRESS BY THE REV. FRANK VAUGHAN, (OF EMMANUEL CHURCH.) Chairman: MIL W. H. WALLINGTON% COLLSCTIONS ON BIMALF OF SCHOOL FUNDS.

THE I,OIIPORATION OF WAtiIIINGToN IS PRIIPAILBD to fiIiOEIVII LOANS, either at six months notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TAR/AUBE% Municipal Offices. Warrington.

BIRKBECK BANK. BEITABLI9HED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN. W.O. 21 PIM atm. INTRRRST allowel on Deposit Accounts. 2 Plitt MINT. INTRRRST on Drawing Aconunts with Cheque Book. All General Banking Business Transacted. ALMANA.CK, WITH FULL PARTICUIAREI, POST PRIM C. F. RAVI4NrsOROF r. SCRsTBY

WARRINGTON MUNICIPAL NIUsti:UNI.— WANTRD a YOUNG WONIAN not ender 18; well edu eater, and a gaol writer, as Assistant io the Library ; ti-:(035 105.,: risinu to 18s. a wsek —amity by better to the ,n`disrsigned. stating qualifications and previous employ- and enclosing elutes (only of recent; ) later than May Bth. OHARLI43 MADHLBY. Librarian.

COON Ty BottotJOH OF WARRINGTON. HDUCIA,TION EX&VII:VATIDbI3 P9R PRIIPARA.TORY PULPIL 'LRAM-MRS' SCHOLAYSI4IPS A.r.rn ADMISSION TO THE SHCONDARY SOI-100L, 1907: Applications for permission to sit for these examinatims trust be made as soon as possible, and in any case by not War than Monday, May 27th. Age for Preparatory Papil Teachers' Scholarships—not !notA than 14 years. Age for Admission to Secondary School—under 13 years; ucatlon Office. J. XOOllll 'KURRAY. Sankey et., Warrington. Secretary and Director. 24th April. 1907.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2J- per Oz, OOVERLETTR I TAILS OP ; FROM HA.IR FRAMES, I PURR 5/6 FROM 3/8 EACH. I HAIR. T 8 BROWN. 3, LEECH ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

()3TAiN YFORUORK HMEALE NURSES OLDEST ESTABLISHED NURSES' INSTITUTION IN THE NORTH OF NNOLAND. HOPE HOUSE, EIOPEC sT., LIVERPOOL. Telephone: 2570 Royal. Telegrams : " Nurses." Liverpool. PRIVATE HOSPITAL FOR GENTLEMEN.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON,— EDUCATION COl/MITTBIL MANUAL INSTRUCTOR. Applicat;ons are invited fo” the post of Manual Instructor. Commencing sp.lary £BO per annum, rising by annual incre- ments of £5 to a maximum of £lOO. Forms of applications (which must he returned by not later than the 13th May, 19)7) and further particulars can be Obtained from Education Offir'e, MOORR MURRAY M.Sc., Sankey Street, warrinxt on. Secretary end Director. 26th Arril. 1907.

ESTABLISHED 1876. FAMOUS R. & P. 1907 MODELS. FROM £6 TO £l5/15/-.. CYCLISTS INSPECT THE R. & P. SPH/CD MODRI, R. &p. For Highest-class forkmanship, Quality, and Fini.h. .ee the R. &P. R. &P. 1907 MODELS. CATALOGUES FREE. &P. ROBINSON & PRICE, :-39, WHITECHAPEL Works &I. 43, PEMBROKE PLACE, .R. &P• Garaage f LIVERPOOL. 2162 Central. Telephone Nos. t 2682 Roral. REPAIR.—AII makes Renovated, Plated and Enamelled In our famous IL and P. Finish. Two and Three Speed Gears Fitted.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF wAttEINGION.— BDUCATION 000/MITTIfiI, ASSISTANT 000KICRY MItrRSS. Applications are invited for the post of Assistant Cookery Mistress. Commencing salary £7O per annum, rising by ‘tinnal increments of £5 to a maximum of £llO. i_Porms of apnlications (which must be returned by not Citer than the 13th May, 1907) and further particulars can e.Obtained from nducation Office, J. MOORH MURRA.Y, M.Sc., Sankey et. Warrington, Secretary and Director 26th April, 1907.

TO BANDSMEN & OTHERS. NOW IS THE TIMM TO SEND YOUR REPAIRS TO R. J. WARD & SONS, Is:), ST. ANNE ST., LIVERPOOL, MANUFACTURERS OF MILITARY & BRASS BAND INSTRUMENTS, FIFES AND DRUMS. BUGLES, CONCERTINAS, ACCORDEONS, Ac. REPAIRS (by experenced workmen) A SPECIALITY. Moderate charges. Returned quickly. Band stands is. 9d. Estimates free. Don't delay but send on at once to 10 ST. ANNE ST., LIVERPOOL

Gr itAM.OPHONE- APRIL RHOOR DS. Battle hint Record,. Z oriophon es latf.st Records. Thomas Edison April Records in Stock. Don't miss the HARP SOLO, Braga's Serenade. A musical treat. Every Record published in stock at JAKE GR 11 76, RENSHAW STREET, AND 271, PARE ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Telephones 56X and 431 X Royal. Open Bank Holidays.

SOW SOON FOR SUCCESS. • EXHIBITION DWARF EVERGREEN LAWN GRASS SEEDS. The same F. election of Dwarf Evergreen Grasses which produced the rernhrkably fine Lawns at the Liverpool Exhibition, for which we were awarded the LARGE GOLD MEDAL. NEW SEEDS of the Highelt Germination. totally free from weeds, 1/- per lb., 20/- per Bughel ot 22lbs. Especial Prescriptions for Golf Links, Cricket Fields, Polo Grounds, and for shady, sandy, or peaty soils, on the very best terms for reliable seeds. Carriage free. "ROBT. F. KgR & SONS, CENTRAL SHED WAREHOUSE, BASNETT STREET, LIVILRPOOL., Telephone 665. Lists free.

BOLD ST. VirESLEYIVN WARRINGTON.

WILL BE HELD IN THE PARR HALL. The Bazaar will be opened on TUESDAY APRIL 30TH, AT 230, BY JAMES DODDS, ESQ. CHAIRMAN: The Worshipful The Mayor of Warrington, ALDERMAN SMETHURST, J.P. ~..„,,WEDNESDAY, MAX' IsT, AT 2.30, BY CHARLES E. PARKER, ESQ. CHAIRMAN: ALDERMAN BENNETT, J.P. m THURSDAY. MAY. 2ND, AT 3, CHILDREN'S OPENING DAY. MRS. HENRY ROBERTS will Preside. MRS. REGINALD H. SILCOCE willj receive the Children's Purses. _ FRIDAY, MAY-3RD, AT 3, BY JOHN TAYLOR, ESQ., 12 L.D.S. - CHAIRMAN: R. H. MELDRUM, ESQ. Wl3 The Hall will be handsomely decorated and illuminateditolrepresentla Garden,Zityiiof Japan. _ Mr. T. J. Down's Orchestral and Military Bands. 4" tesia MR. ARTHUR DOWN, Conductor. Ow. . AIMCMISMI 11",••••.,..-91.•• ADMISSION: Tuesday (Opening Day) all day, is. Wednesday, Is.; after 6 p.m., 6d. Thurs day, l; s. after 6 p.m., 6d. Friday, all day, 6d. Season Tickets (not transferable), 2s. 6d. ; Heads of Families, 2s. 6d. ; other Members of the Family, is. 3d.

ABSTRACT OF RECEIPI'S AND PAYMENTS BY 1.1:16 RR UA lA6E L 4(1012 CoiJ,NCIE, OF WARRINGTON'. FOR THE HAW-YEAR ENDED 30rn SEPTEMBER, 1903. RECEIPTS. PAYMEN 178. Ea. d. E s. d. E s. d. Balance brought fot ward Contributions from Overseers for Improy •n•ent of Main Roe is 247 11 1 General Expenses 1469 0 0 Mainten4nce and Repair of Roads wrier dial Contributions from Overseers for Main Florida 6pecial Rxp-mses Agricultural Rates Act, 1896 Repair o County Bridges General Expenses 226 4 4 .-alaries A.c,)uut Highways Special Expenses --- 239 70 461 00 Lancashire County Council— Payments to 'other Loaal Authorities Improvement of Main Roads 5ll 5 7 in respect of Highways : In resp et of Highways or Footpaths Main Roads not being Main Roads 772 13 6 Secondary fowls .... ...... .. 2 0 0 . ;,!-R,-, ••:',., rail' 1283 19 1 Distriot Roads Private Improvement Works Rixton Cemetery 1 6 0 Sewerogr: and Sewage Disposal Works 42 1 5 Fees for Analysis, &c 1 7 6 Cost of Disinfectancs 271 16 6 Cemetery irt.ixton lO 0 0 Miscellaneous Receipts Dust Removal Notification of Inh-CtiOils Diseases Fees for Lists of Births and Deaths ... ...... Private Improvement Works .. l4 15 4 Loans, Repayment and Interest *Rstablishment Charges. Corporation of Warrington-- Public Lighting... • Water ACIOUnt Improvement Account . 9476 Manchester Port S-initary Authority l6 2 10 Other Payments, viz • Analysis, .fcc 2,1 7 8 £5417 12 1 Balance carried ,forward 1447 4 6 £5417 12 1 I*Printing and Stationery, Rents,Rates, Insurances, Stamp Duties. Leal Expenses. ac„ &a. The Accounts from which the foregoing particulars have been abstracted were auditel daring the week ended l2th day of April. 1907, by E. W. Hicks, Seq., Distri:it Au.litor. J. C. SUTTON. 25th April 19 07. . Clerk to th. Council.

PIERPOINT AND CO., mimic MEDAL BAKERY, 125, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. BEST HOUSEHOLD BREAD. SPECIAL V&LUI 1 FLOMI is. ID. PRE DuZ. SELF-RAISING FLOUR. HARD To BRAT.

EXHIBMON c±:"4 .EttillS, 18. per lh. SOW NOW. DWARF. BVISELGRREN.4 SOW NOW R. P. Katt AND SONS. 11, BASNKTP STlißta. LIVRRPOOL.

h'DDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC SOLD BY GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND 18. BD., EACH WHOLESALE BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON. ESTABLISH gn 1833.

LEF CLOTHING, &c., PRICE for parcels forwarded ; if not approved Goode Returned, OIUtGRPtID. Second-hand DHEsS SUITS, MILITARY, IHEATRICAL, BAND UNIFORMS, LIVERIES, ARMY TENTS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MiSFiT ,UIT6 at THIRD COST PRICE. LADIH,' EVENING DRESSES. 00,Tumits, BLOUSES. GENT'S FUR-LINHO and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTRAUS, &c., 2nl-hand. Very low prices. ARMY tROUSERS.SHIRTS.RLUCHERS.WELLING CONS, CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLIOE CAPES, GORMAN'S, 326, A2B, and 310, Deansgate, Manchester. Established 50 Years. Telephone No. 4138. EXHIBITION GRASS SEKDS ls. per lb. SOW NOW. DWARF. EVERGREEN. SOW NOW. -- I?. P. KEIL AND SON, 11. BASNETT StREET, LIVEMPOOL. TWO GOOD PIANOS FOE, SALE. One by Hilton and Hilton. now in use at the Parr Hall. One by Wm. Same', Ltd., now in use at Bold Street School. APPLY : WADS WORTH'S, f 9. SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON,

FOR EVERY GARDtN. SOW NOW. TRE BEST GIANT FLOWERED SWEET PEAS, ELEGANT - GAY - FI.AGIANT. Special Selection of the newest and nio4t brilliant of these most beautifnl, easily-zrown hardy Annuals No plants furnish such a long supply of dainty fhwers for all purposes. Our stile,- is all English grown, handpicked, and confidently offered as the very best. All post free. UNIQUE COLLECTIO N.—T WHINE B RILLI kfilT AND NOVEL SORT+ INCLUDING THIC SPLIINDIo NEW VARIETIES 5. Oci COLLI4O CIO& OF TWELVE SUPERB SORTS. ALL SEP•%RATH 2s 6d 10 OZ.. IN 24 SPLENDID SORTS. ALL SEPARATE 30 OZ., IN 16 SPLENDID 2013 PE. ALL Sllpa vATtl RAINBOW MIXED 61 Pfrilt OZ.; 4 OZ. FOR la 6d RELIABLE SEEDS FOR EVERY GARDEN. Practical List Post Free from R,O BT. P. KER & SONS, CENTRAL SHED WAREHOUSE. • BASNETT ST.. LIVERPOOL.

RELIANCE PHONOGRAPHS. RELIANCE ALEING' NIACHINES W H °LISS ALS A GISNTS FOR T A. EDISON PHONOGRAPHS. 50,000 ILRCORD-s lARGUST STOCK. Wholesale CAtalognes. CH SAP.iST PRICES. Relisnce Great Otores Cash or 2+. Der week, 29 AND 31. MANCHW•TER STRKKT. LIVNEPOOL. oycLi4 AND MOTOR ENGINEER. • Rstab. IFBI Telephone Central 5822.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUsANDS Oh LAIIIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS' FAMOUS FEMALE PIUS, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON 10 'WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy Ice Anaemia Giddiness, Fulness and swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite,Hysteria,Palpitation of the Heart. Debility, Depression. Weakness, Irregularities, ani all Female Ailments. Boxes 9td. is. lid.. 2s 9d.45. 6d. and 115. DR. DAVIS's FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPAIION CURB. A positive Specific for Piles and Constipation, and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- plaint. Bottles 2/9. 4/6. 11/-, by post 3d. extra. 309 PORTOBELLO-ROAD. NOTTING But. LONDON. W. onalv dd

CI-JEOR.GrE STKEY SEED MERCHANT, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. Leading L nes in VEGETABLE, FLOWER and FARM SEEDS Obtained from best possible Stocks. SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE.

• ESTABLISH ED 1838, lath ARD J EFFE. EYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, a:CRAM)! MAKER Ari ) PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents Sohool Prices, to. Terms Moderate. REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYSit OF PICTURES BY WATT i tIOS3WITI. and BURNII-JONES. AUTOTYPE IsEPROOOOTIONB OF PIC:CURES IN l'lll3 NATIONAL. KATE AND OTHIIR GALLERIRS. ' HOICK COLLACTION OF OLD ENGRAVINOs,

For Expeditic us - - T s , With modern ap is. 0. • I I • ' 0 -; Removals vans, J, LU NT. Carried out by ,41,..;;. with the experienced mink O .2-..-' least inconvience) tr,_ at the Irk* "1'417.AWA,-,A910 - at shortest notice, - moderate charges, Apply— JOHN LUNT, Bridge Foot, Warrington.

NOW SHOWING ALL THE NC JEW czacYnas A.Nico STYLES FOR THE COMING SEASON. ORM{ 36, BUTTERMARKET STREET, y WARRINGTON.

FOR REALLY GOOD TAILORING, • WHETHER LADIES' OR GENTLEMEN'S, GO TO H. S. PAGE & CO.. 74, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. WE STUDY YOUR WANTS AND LAY OURSELVES OUT TO SUPPLY THEM

SPRI G eLETINING. DO YOU REQUIRE NEW eARPETS ? BLINDS? eURTAINS? PAY A VISIT To J. M. Greenhalgh & ea). Ltd. BRIDGE slrrusErr, wilamilsiorroisr.

Tkl/E SPOT SI-1012. .42gLiVIL. tiGriEZ.3O3IMINI FURNISHING IRONMONGER, GENERAL HARDWAREMAN, SMALLWARE, FANCY GOODS. Garden Tools, Spades, Forks, etc., FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON, POSTAL ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.

CENTRAL FURNISHING

HOU HS COMPLETELY FURNISHED FROM £lO

ROBERT L9W ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALWIIi Office and balernoms : No, 1, BANK-STREET wkaatx...TON. TELEPHONE, No. 65. DASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED !OR SALE. New and ti•cond-band Furnitore and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Tmaty. Inspection Invited Furniture, &c.. warehoused.

dIHOKH LUDLOW'S" OLD BOY'S" TOBACCO. COOL AND 11. &STING. sn. PHR MINCH 1..7n. PHR LB. TIN; 6s. PR LB. /1 I • OUDLOVir & 00.. WHOLEGIALR ANn RBTAIL CIGAR MRROHANTS 15. WINWICK ST., & 65, WTI KRMARKET Si TELEPHoNE 414 Y. WARRINGTON.

t•t. ‘,/ iIIAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHIIPPIRL MAHN, WARR/INTIM, POST MB 2.1. 6d., 38., 48. 6D., AND se. Bro J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANK, LIVBRPOOL. Mide An 4 Ground By Roglish Labour.

1)0r(51,4's 3egc4, Elbe .s,totk szr

JSALB WitLSH BAY COB, 13-2. 7 years. Quiet to k ride and drive. Pass anything. Woul,l suit lacy. Fair trial.—Anply J. RYLANCE, 82 and 84 Isllesmere rd., Pemberton, Wigan.

NINO Inve.tments tor smsll or large J sums of Money In the best darn. Water, 0041, Iron. and Miscellaneous hares, at quoted and having a ready market ; Sh:res can be bulght at current p-ices to yield all rates from 3 yer cent to 8 per cent on the money invested ; fwl particul rs. rifler lists, reports &c., su,,plieci. —State require- ments to PATON BBoTHEES, Stock and Share Brokers, 3 Royal Arcade (and Stock Exchange), Newcastie-ou-Tyne. HOW TO MAHE MoNIAY. 150 PER CENT. IN A SINGLE DAY. (IN TUESDAY (April 9th) we close one of our Special V/ Deals at a profit of 150 per cent. In all Special Deals Wo guarantee that the capital of a client is not lost. In the above deal clients who had £lOO Invested made £l6O net profit in a Aloglo clay Swine of £5 and upw trds received. INo commissions. flemit immediately. —LAuutx & VINCENT, Stock and Share Dealers, 70 Sueen et., London, $.O. Telegrams: ' I anridom London.

F OR A RTIFICI A L TEETH AND THEIR ACCOMPANYING PROCESS E:3 CONSULT W. J. BARNES. 54, LEGH STREET, WARRINGTON.

• poultry, Oggs, ett. JJNOR, spring Chickens Nanted,—BßOOKE & Bon 39, Leadenhall Market. London. _ QPLENDID Pen BABERO ROCK, 2s. 64. per sitting.— J. JaCKeos (Butler), Beach House, Lytham.

L GGS.—Houdans, Cook's strain, Perfect speciraens. Exe,llent h.yers. 2s. fit. doz.-8. BUTLER, Higher Grange. Rilesmere, Salop.

P URI! WIMP WIPING TON COOKREIRL, prize parents-, flohnes' strain, very even colour, 9 months, 21s.— WALTER PRATT, Caton, LanoAster.

BLAC Minorca MIGi tor sitting; utility purp see; no K better stook living ; 3s doz. ; unlimitel grass run.— PHILIP HINDS, Sandiwav, Northwleh.

[IGHS.—PRHSH WHISKLY, la. dozen, carriage paid on Pr, two doze. White Orpington Sittings, 25. 6d.— GRIFFITHS, Newton Villa, Baschurch. - LIuGS from Pedigree Layers, White Leghorne, Orpingtnns, Li Wyandottes and Buff Orgingtons 3s. 6d. for 13.-11. A.. BOTHER The Harbour, wheelt,,n, (Morley.

Eri. —From Pure 131.,Ara SPANNH. 3s. 6d. per sitting Fine old English Golden Pheasant Fowl 3s per sitting.— J. DirranaLE. Kirkby Lonsdale.

ILIGGb from pure 4bred r.;cotch Greys, Redcap, Hondans' 1,_:4 Ancona', Black Langshans, 3s. dozen post free,—W• CHISILot, Parley Farm, Christchurch, Hants.

HOODA.N-MINOLICA, Utility Eggs. Best neging strain in Kent 4s. 6d. a dozen. oArriage fr..e.—WILL A. PAGE Fire Oaks Fran, Warren at LPnbam. Kent.

COWL (JOHN, Is. 6d., 10s. 84., 121.6 d. 205.; Pia Food, 1: 7s. Bd. and Poultry Meal, Bs. and 10s. per 2001bs,— ROCHE AND Co., lb. Goree piazzas, Liverponi. Mention paper.

L'IGGS. —Pure Silver, Golien. Silver-la,ed, White Wyan- -121 dottes, mated ; 81b. cockerels ; 3s. dozen ; Cook's and Hnnter's str‘ins.-01aa, Oaklields, Higbold. Shrewsbury.

OGS from first-class pens of White Buff aud Black l'A Orpington., also White Leghorn., 4s. 64. per sitting ; Inspection invited. —ltoßlNffort, Poultryman, Lathom Park, Ormakirk.

BLACK MINORCA EGGS. Smethurst and Haslam's strain Pen includes sisters to Ist Royal Lancashire, and others. 3s. for 13. Unfertiles replaced —JamE9 NEWTON. Grocer, Harlington. Crewe.

HEAD'S ma CHICK FEED -VCR RAPID and HRALTHY GROWTH, price 124. per 1: cwt. c%rriftge p%ld ; samples free.—W. J. READ, Corn Mernbant. Burton-nn-Trent.

L'GGS from PHDIGRER WHITH WYANDOTTBS, 4a.; 11.4 also from Black Leghorn. White Leghorn. and Rel- cap pen., 3e. per dozen ; all birds trap nestsd.—FUNKlNBo2l, Pohltrr Farm. Croft. vVarrirurum

PURKBY BGGS(mignificent Amerlcsn Iflammotn Bronze). 1 I ?An now supply, 7s. 6d. doz. ; unfertiles replaced ; safe delivery guaranteel.—Mrs. HARRIS. W iLToN. St. Oswald's rd. west Brompton. No oards. QuItCIAL OFFBIL. Pure biscuit powder for chickens CI 13s 6d. per cwt ; Poultry Meal 12s 6d. per cwt, MEat Dog biscuits, 13s. 61. per cwt. ; carriage paid to any part, cash with order.—WimanT & Co., Vulcan at., Liverpool.

LiGGS from the following b-eeds of high-class roultry VA Black Minorcas, Black Orpingtons,Goiden Wyand )ttes, Buff books. White Leghorns, Indian Runners; also Pekin Ducks 3. per doz.—Apply 4rs. Glnsox.Tarbuck rd., Huyton W HITH LIIGHORN EGGS, Simon Hunters. selected Y! winter !avers and extraodinary pullet breeding strain; fertile sittings delivered ; carriage paid, 21. 6d.; no waiting. —L RON •RD REYNOLDS, Croupy Garrett, Kirkby Stephen. Westmoreland.

y ADY'S b'AFltTY.—Bargaln, a, new, not soiled. Free IA wheel. silver-plated rime beautifully lined in gold ; rlm brake ; high grade Coventry machine ; best pneumatic tyres ; celluloid gear ease ; all accessories ; £4 10s. lowest ; no use to owner ; genuine ; approval willingly.—K. STUcKEr, " Oak Ville," Clarendon rd., Weston-super-Mare.

EGGS FOR SI rT NC+.--For 12 years I have done my best to give satisfaction with mach success an again invite Inspection of the following pure breeds : Ruff and White Orpington', Barred hocks, Indian Game, Black Langshans, Partridge and hlte ‘vvsndott,s, qiack, White and Brown Leghorn. Black Minorcan, Blue Andalusians, froadans. Also Best crosses for laving and table fowl : Houdin and Buff Orpington, Ifoudan, White Leghorn, Black Leghorn and buff Orpington, all these 21. 6d. pe, sitting at home. If packed and put ma rail, 3s. Also Indian Runner Duck egg., Splendid Lavers 26. 6d. rer dot, Fine White Ayleshury Duck eggs, 3s. per doz., all these from the very best lasing strains. Please note the addrens, HENRY DianPER 235, Newton rd. Lowton, near Newton-le-Willows, half mile from Lowton Mary's Gtatlon,and the Trams No hilliness done on Sunday

poHAPOLITAN VIOLET? Is. 6i. doz. Clumps Ins. per 100 on reil.—Wmassf COCKS. Standon, Ware, Bert,. BBOONIA. Lorraine, Turnford Hall, and Ro'hchlld ; fine cuttings Is. 6d. doz., free. —STANDEN. Roffey, Horsham. J3URN your Garden end Household rubbish in one of our Parent Destructors.—Homeiram, DP.:9Tnucron CO., LTD. bpence Lane. Leeds.

/ AND 2s. 6d. packet seals. Pants Is. doz perennial - Broccoli sto 9 heads ; grows years. Photo and des. eription liYAIIII,,ELDQ. Fordh9iT,

loop vimasr ROOTS, Count Brazzas double white VT 2s Pd. De Parma 2s. 3d. hose Perle, pink 2s. 3d. Ozar is. 4d. doz. free,—Hot.mwOon. Alderney.

rp R PICHTTIRST PlisNT on narth, the A.minean Fuchsia; always in full bloom, in fhwer ten months out of twelve ; quite hardy ; two ls. 64., four 9.5. 61.. Post free.— T. ti NIADDEN Tlalivmurrv, Rosoo.smon, Ireland.

13 NAUTIPUL Carpet-like LA w NIS produced by Williams Premier Lawn 'r -3i ;Is ed per lb., post free ; for tennis—courts bowling-¢reens. end erloket•grolvins. Is 3cl per lb., post free.—B. 4. WILLI/04a & SON. Upper tiolloway.

ri HASS SRYDri.—lf you think of sowing grass seeds for perznanent or tPriap.,rirr pa‘tures write to F. ffnikard stein nature of roil, and he will send you prices and advice tree of charge ; mixtures from 7s 6d. per acre.— FRANI: Vol RAM,. SO,l qxorrt, Popenr I, Colnhostat.

IOOK 1 ROSI4S, ROSRS, ttRUIP-THRHS. SPRCIAL .1 SPRWG OFFRU, HOSIO A SPRMALITY, 14 alres of Roses and Fruit-trees. In all best varieties. and splendid value. All carriage I aid for cash, Now is the best time to plant. 12 very heat Sta Roses, 15s. ;12 choice Half or ow ;standard Roses, 13s. ; 50 very best Dwarf Perpetual or Bosh Roses. 21 ;25 best ditto, 10s. ; 12 beet Teas and Hybrid Teas, s. 12 grand Perretuals, 6s. ; 6 very best Climbing Roses. 3s. 61 ; 6 beet assorted Rambler Roses, 3s 64. ; 6 Crimson Ramblers, 3s, ; 6 best Moss Roses, 3s. 6 choice assorted Yellow Roses, 3-. ; 6 Gloire de Dijon's, 3s. 64. ; 6 Crimson or Pink Monthly Roses. 31. ; 12 common sweet Briars, 3s. ; 12 hardy liven:teen Running Roses for Rockeries, Banks. Uuder-trees, etc., 45. 64. ; 50 Un-named Roses of Pert etuals, Teas, Climbers, Mosses etc., assorted from bent kinds, good stuff, Ps. or 25.5 per 100, 16 Standard Roses, best sorts (but un-named). 10e. 64 ; Thousands of all best fruit-tre-s,of all kinds 12 strong hush Apples, Pears or Plums, best sorts, fruiting trees, 14s. Rxtra strong, 16s. 7 Owen-' rained or Espalier trees of above, fruiting,for Walls, etc., 15s. ; buati fruits of all kinds, Thousands of Bvergreen and Flowering Shrubs, Climbing and Herbaceous plants, very cheep. Write for Descriptive Catalogue and chean lists free, '1 Roses and how to stinw them " Book Post free, 41. Plant now. Retablished 50 years JAMBS WALTERS, linqß GRoWqR, mourer RADFoRD. tiXRTRIt.

_ - _ -- • MANURKI MANURES. JAMPS roo,. & SONS, LTD., m A N MANUFACTURERS, LONGTFOED WORKS. WARRINGTON. elegrams—TooLF. LONGFoRD wORNS WARRINGTON. Telephone. N.. 299. BLOOD AND BONE mArtunm Is the most valuable known, and on of the best Fertilizer s on the mar‘et. bPECIAL CONCENTRATED ORGANIC MANURE. An.lypis—Amstons 4 to 5 per cent. PHOf PRATFB 18 to 20 per cent. Price £5 per ton (Yrre on Rails Warrington). SPECIAL COMPOUND MANURE. Analysis—A mmo7srA 2to 3 per cent. PRoSPH la ES 5 to 8 per Cent. Price £3 per ton (Free on Rails Warrington Special Discount for Cash and Large Quantities.

Mrs. H. Wilkinson, of 44, Flax- road, Be'grave, Leicester, writes : Aly little girl, aged 3, suffered from infantile paralysis and nerve 1 ..,,,:!,;• h IN, • ''' ' 10', and muscular weakness. We had her , • '''• :•'• -.•••-• . some time wider medical treatment., 1 - :.'• .-:* ...f' , .:,,•'.- :.:-: bUt derived no benefit. She could 1 ...,.. . ...',...-. ~.::•,..,%,,,,!5,,,' ',,:": .2',.•-•,,,,t..,,,,KA.,4....,..... : not walk alone or even stand, or 1 l'•'"---• ' ; i. turn over in bed. At last I was • 1: .. :I ••,:i:::.' 4,..,'; . . I. ' -Ai' '- - ..''''',.,•• :•:•i•'':l4v,'''...sl. recommended by Mr. Abbott, Police Court Missionary in this town, whom i ,:.• .'::•;:.•..:..' -.";,N,,',*. you had cured of a bad case of i .•:.:::,-::..,::.:.•••• •.r..- ' V,P.%.,'W':,:,14 paralysis of the nerves, to try Dr. i 1 --...:40P--....-- Cassell's Tablets. I did so, and after five months' treatment my little girl 6 ' , could walk by herself, and she is much stronger and 3lba. heavier. Oar— Everybody marvels at the cure, and I am delighted to give you these facts mi,s frifkias.)a. for the benefit of other sufferers." mr. Abbott. , A MISSIONARY'S GREAT CURE. Mr. 0. Ahhott (late Pollee Court Missionary), 35, Gipsy-rcwatl, Leicester, writes :--" i was taken ill four vears ago with Paralysis of the Nerves. I have been unable to walk for that time, and front last fieptember was confined to my bed. My doctor told me I would never walk again. I de,ided to try your tablets,and am pleased to say that the result was miraculous. After ten days' treatment I was able to walk across my bedroom with the aid of my stick, I have gradually improved, unt)X nttw lam able to dress myself and.walk in the garden. I thank Cod for what you have done for me. taint. was the worst case known in this town, and I cannot praise your treatment too highly Statement attested to by .Ir. .1. Bateman, 37, Gipsy-road, Leicester. Dr.Cassell's Tablets build flesh; vitalke the nerves, and invigorate the whole system. They can be taken by Young as well as ohl ; ami by stout I" lit also without fear of increase of adipose tissue, owing to their extraordin_ at:y power of aie,orhing fat and eons sr l ;n2* it into blood, belie, Intisele, and healthy flesh. Dr. Cassell', Tablets cure the most pronounced cases of Lack ot Flesh Urea k Lungs indigestion Wrecked Nerves iii:dney Weakness mal./klutrition Paralysis of Nerves Nerve Pains ' Organic W.altness Heart Weakness Wasting Diseases Defective Nourishrhent St. Vitus' Dance Anaemia in children and all diseases :trim lig from physical and nerve exhaustion. Thpy are J,,,t the Tablet for ,jadtal, weak, or rtm-down coustitutions, and areas safe and sure as they are pure anci effective. --- - --------------- -------,----________ BRIBE BOX. TRIAL lOid. . . . . . BON. arge si 2s. . o . • als-se .1.. a - Cut out this coupon and send w ith ' y Our nart;e 'and allL Chemi le ocl f sts. or post address, and a id. stamps free from Dr. Cassell A 'll 11 . ''' . A . .':: ' ' ' . , • for postage, etc., for a ! fr.ee sample box.—War- Co , Ltd . King-street, * W., Nlanchester. rir ablet.s.,:-.. .' . - _.,.,..., rington Ezdminer,April 27,' . •. , . ,•• . • . •, - • ~ , ,______.___:_______ FLESH-FORMER & STRENCTHENER '''f ~.. .. '. -••••-• ...., . . ... , ...,.. .. , .'

‘ - CSZOINSIZIPSZBM2O2II .*'Y'l ~,? ~,. , 4', 4,1 .•V .... ,f.' 40 r - ', \ ",/, -,, i . in the best ~ .in.. regulated ,S families Be- -0 of cause Zani- ,, , ;Aug" But( is so WOllderfUily - ''. ' :: l'A,',i *C,7•l:,' :.',ik healing, icr, 4 -t --.,,r soothing. 'afle,'-ititiltl,:i: and antisep- --' `9,141tt . , . -,-.'*- tic when you rub it in for Cuts, bruises, burns, scalds. stiff- neSs, chafing, or sprains, it should be keot handy in every home. Zam Suk is a refined, purely-vege- table healer. Unlike coarse ointments and salVeS, vinich contain nasty animal fats and harmful mineral products, it is as efficacious for the delicate babe as it is fer the horny-handed worker, unbit in to heal the skin and to rub all pain and inflammation out. - e4si . ..:1:61p,v , ' .' (::, • ' : :s' V • ~,, , . .c" ": -;,:' °- . , , • . , ,

The wm irisamemarmr "Turn out Right Turn out Light" aid to home-baking is Brown 8 Poison's raising powder 6 6 PaiSieli Flour 5/ J It is used mixed with ordinarr flour and makes home-baking easy", quick and successful.

GARTONS Improved Breed of Large YELLOW GLOBE MANGEL IS THE BEST IN CULTIVATION PRODUCED 111 1906 95; TONS per acre Price 1/3 per lb.: 130/- per cwt. Other Sorts from 6d. per lb. SEED EXPERTS, Warrington.

1.1:111MINV 11 ,LADIE 5 R—BEWARE ! FROST, COLO WINDS HARD WATER will soon spoil your SKIN AND COMPLEXION. - BEETHAM'S, ,9 • Rce . - is, however, a Sure Safeguard Rgainst their ill E.:feet& A little use 4 alter washing will KEE? THE SKIN SOFT AND SMOOTH • ALL THE YEAR P. 31140. Betties is., 2 s. 6d. of all Chemists c 9. Stores. -I M. Beetham & Son. Cheltenham.

- • ---,- • •_;• t: • f ' ; —=- --. 1... ------, ‘.• ~ ~, •„.,,,,t,. ..., = .‘,;. •\ •, , oritgis co iloollfiv s.• 1 , k, , cr...wooCe • eeS) 1 x c 4' -f.„. -., ;k1,),031/GIAS- , 4F' ; s., • vry 1: 1 P34TIVOISI S .._.....:4STHMA & BRONCMTIS / , .:-/, oi*,-„--7:';____, . e7:l3Rciy.ss.tytEE.F,AFlßcS434.7r.ii,;: ' AN EVER;READY,HOZTENOLD" RE.M.E.DY4.:I LOCISENs.,PNLEcm. - • AL.LAY 5 : couG K. ~..%2+,1 . GIVES immEtitAti'RECiEF.--;- _.: ' !.'•,,e- 7'.: IENT. . _. . _ ... . .. ,o •:, Mltlitt::* "it —4,‘" ... 0. S. t , Ti4E ciiilom '

*tottlei, eporos, Soartlim! 05tabei.

DOUGLA3.—Doclewnith's Borrding Houso,on tha Queen's Promenade, facing sea; liberal table, good cooking pleasant company; terms 5s 6d per day, no extras.—Po lurthur particulars apply to WILLIAM W, DOD9wORTEr, Proprietor

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITBD. 34 TO 40 LI:MOATS HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARB. HoME COMEORTS, CLEANLLNESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

ROYALA BEA, BATI-UNG IIaSPITAL. MAKGATE, I-t) Adults. 70; Children. 80. Persons afflicted with early tuberculous Disease of the Hip, Spine, Bones, Joints, Ulands, !re., should seek admission to this Hospital which has special advantages for treating Tuberculous Disease.—Apply to A NMI!, SECRETARY, 13, CHARING CROSS, LONDON.

Rpartinents,furnisbeb 3Dottses, Bct

SOUT HPORT.—Clergymara recommends SMALL VILLA, properly furnished, near Lord et. Rent low.—OwNER, 4'2, Manchester rd.

(1 OOD HOMHfor Two respectable business Young Gentle- I/ men ; bath ; terms moderate.—Apply 5, FAIRFIELD RD, Stockton Heath.

LIOUTHPORT —Home from home, near promenade and IJ amusements, from 2s. per night. Piano, Bstti.—Mra. SEAMAN, 485, Lord et.

DLACKPOOL . PS, public or private; IJ ten doors from Promenade.—Mrs. GRATTIDGE, 20, at. Chad's rd., South tlhore.

HHOLIDAY CAMPlNG.—lfealtberies, Rothesay ; novel, social, delightful, inexpensive ; guinea per week. Illustrated Prospectus free.

PMA.BNMAWR, N. w ties.—Rooms facing sea, !lair station. Recornmend,d. Bathroom b. and c.—B. ERINDALE, Marine Tert4ce.

JAADY having nicely furnished house close Crystal Palace would like receive delicate lady or child, livery care.- 104. ANERLEY PARK, Aneriey.

riItiAINED NURSB has comfortable HMIS for invalids in I select neighbourhood Good cooking.-12, WINDSOR AVENUE, South Shore, Blackpool.

DLACKPOOL.--Oomfortable private and public APART- DIEINTS ; central; near pram., Btation, and amuse- mente.—Mrs. HADES, 51. Albert rd.

A INSDALB, SOUTHPOST.—Private APARTMONTS. 111, board if desired ; terms moderate.— ' SEA VERGE," Shore rd., near O. L. Station and sea.

BLAAMPOOL —APARTMENTS with m without board. One minute from Central Station and sea. Terms moderate.—Mies BLEARLEY, 13, Vance rd;

IVORTII WALBS. —PAR UT or go d Boarding £1 Lovely scenery. Mountain and sea air; terms moder- ste.--Lowit, Summerhill, Dyserth, near Rhyl.

HOULE, near Southport. APAR CMHNTS, with or with- out board; bracing conntry and sea air; fishing.— MELLOR, Poultry Farmer, Park Cottage, Hoole.

IAUBLIN 49. Eccles et.—Comfortable APARTMENTS for visitors ; .elect; central; moderate; day or week ; with or without board.—Mrs. GEORGE BISYMOUR.

HOSNEIGE,ANGLESEY.--Clomfortable APART VENTS. It, good choking. River, lake, sea (5 minutes). Golf, boating, bathing. HOLYER, Pantiles. WORTH WALES. - Furnished APARTMENTS, Sitting and 1.1 Bedroom; splendid scenary, valley of Severn, by station; terms moderate.—E. T. HUMPHREYS, Abermule.

001.ARYIS BAY.—Paying guests received, or Apartments with attendance. Well situated near station, Sea and woods, Large roome.-611188 C., Wynchmore. Lawson rd.

DOUGLAS.—Comfortable Holiday APARTM 4NTS at Misses CU BBONI , Bridgeton House, 40, Victor's rd., Douglas, 1.0. M. Terms moderate. Highly recommend es , LACKPOOL.-I:sest and most reasonable APARTMIII NTS, with or without board. —Mrs MOSELEY. 90, Albert rd. Near all places of amusement and sea. Piano. Stamp for reply.

MORIWAMBII —WELL-FUBNISHITD VILLA; month or longer; 2 entertaining, 4 bed rooms, bath; coach- house, stabling; electric llght.—Mrs. SCOTT. Greta Bank, Morecambe, W IL

BTIRBD PHYSICIAN, successful in treatment for excel- it sive indulgence, will receive two ladies (hie own country home) ;terms three guineas ; highest references —PHYSICIAN Oak House, Avenue rd., Leicester.

et)rboiacylir.

IABIBRIA.N MINING ENGINEERING SCHOOL, PORTH, gives prit,ate lessons by post.—Mining, Machinery, Geology, Arithmetic, Electricity, Surveying Prospectus free.

WVANTED, good steady MAN able to do any farm work. Live in.—A. BROADHURST, Verdon Farm, Wilmslow, Cheshire.

ENTLIPICA N Wanted as District Representative, intro dneing speciality to Horse—keepers.—Dums Co., "lamp ton, Oxon.

WANTIID an APPREN- TICg to the Painting and Decorating Busineas.—Apply F. J. DELL,II9, Church at., Warrington

TFICOMR TAX ()Le IMS.—Aecounts prepared for Abate- ments or lixemption by NEwALL, HARROP 8c G1833N, 17, Dale it., Liverpo3l.

MPLOYMISNT for energetic peons; own neighbour- -I'J hood ; good remuneration ; send stamp.—PETEßs, 58 Beeohwood, Hornsey.

A PPREENTICH TO CONFISIOTIONEIRY.—Young Laly, to 11 live in ; no premium ; good bome.--SunLiFFE, The Crescent, S. Annes-on-the-Ses, Lancs.

WANTED for experiment a SECOND-HAND SALT CAKE POT 5 to 8 feet and cover, or a Cast Iron Gas Retort. —Thomas lonNsow, Prescott at., Wigan.

WANTED, two good DAIRIES OF MILK; best prices given for early milk; weekly payments.—ALDEßNEY DAIRY LTD , 97, North Dingle, Kirkdale, Liverpool. \AT ANTHD TO PURCHASR, P 014101115 issued by any first class office ; sums over £10) on lives over 50. —Send particulars to R. L. BAILER, 5, Peel it., Sunderland VV&NUM, Old Gold, Silver, Jewellery, Watches, Plate, Teeth, Coins, Modals ; full market value given ; cash offer by return post. —Diann. 98, High at., Tunitall, Staff.

ILD ARIIPICIAL THRIFT BOUGHT; bigbeet price sent I per return post ; banker's reference if desired ; call or send —ARrIPICIAL TEETH DEPOT, 63, Old Park lane, Southport.

QHUNbiLANu GOVERN MIMI' offer experienced FARM Nie RANDS (married and single.)Free passages Permanent employment gunranteed.—Agent : WEIGHT. 25, Watergate et., Chester.

BOOKBINDING.-W ANTIM, YOU.NG WOMBN able to make up and sew Letter Copying Books, Account Books, an Guard Books.—Apply by letter to 7e. BARNES, LTD., WllAerspool CAusew%y, Warrington.

ADY MOTORIST WANTS SITUATION to drive ear; careful driver, able to do running repairs ; any petrol car ; willing to be useful ; moderate wages.--/i. Hazis trz, 3, Frederick et., Sr.ritli Shore. Blackpool.

HRH !--Do yon want an appointment? Sauttary Inspector, Lady Health Visitor, Ran to £350. Postal Course Lestrns now commencing for Liverpool exam. Fee 25s.—Mit8Hsttie, Sanitary Hxpest, Sunderland.

CIANAD 4.. Do you want work? We want Agriculturists. Domestics, Railway Labourers, and can assure immedi- ate employment at high wages Stamp for particulars. SINTLERS ARSoCTATIoN, 1. Crosshall at., Liverpool.

V.IILD FALSH RTH.—We give highest possi Me prices for above. Offers made.and if mot accepted teeth returned. Dealers aleo in Old Gold or Silver ik any form. Bankers's references.—WooLFALL AND Co., Birkdale, Southr.ort.

ONTAIIIi). the principal Province of Canada, offers most favourable opportunities to strong young Men and others desirons of engaging in Farm Work. Female Domestics in great demand at high wages. For particulars apply ONT.snro GOVERNMENT AGENCY,7, James st.,Liverpool.

KNA CKERS I KNACKERS I KNACKERS ! I Beet possible prices given for dead or worn ont Horses or Cattle Prompt re-noyal on the shortest notiee any distance up to 16 miIes—JAMES TooLE AND SONS LTD., Mmallre Manu- facturers, Longford Works, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole, Loneford Works, Telephone 299,

A GENTS Required by the IMPERI al, ACCIDENT, INJURANCE Co., Ltd., Estd. 1878 Capital £lOO,OOO. Departments :—Personal Accidents ; Employer's Liability for Accidents to Domestic Servants, Clerks and Stop Assistants ; Carriage, otor it Driving Accidents ; Burglary and Plate GIRBI ; Horse and Cattle Insurance. Claims paid £350,000. Literal terms allowed.—Address, lifersaGEß, 17, Pall Mall East London. S.W.

50 MAGNIFICRNT coloured Picture Postcards. all different, free is ; purchasers delighted.—GlLYA.RD, BROS., Bradford.

VOUNTAIN PfilSr.—.4 perfect writing instrument. A I marvel of cheapneBs.-Is., post free from Bum= LEWIS, Stationer, Norwich.

TApins, I make up your Combings. any deslan. 9d. per I ounce. tend PO. to weight.—ColFFuttE, 63 Eleanor CroSe rd.. Waltham Cross.

T MIMI Photographs, 12 x 10, OR 20 x 16 mounts. fro'n any _Li size, post free, 4a.; groups extra —BARNES BRog ,7, Leipsie rd , Camberwell,

IRON ROOM Sheds and Buildings for all purposes; designs and estimates free.--WAIIDLE & CO., Derby st. Works. Cheetham Manchester.

LILA MO FiTUCHINGS 2.. 6d., Leggings 2s. Zd., Knee. 1.4 caps 2s. each ; measurement form free. —NEW BRITISH iIIIBBER Co., Lord st.. Southport.

QBfAUTIYUL OOLOIJURD 13A.l1DS, directly addressed from Hnnßary, for ls. in stamps.—G-Eza WEINER, Btriapest VI., Felso llrdosor

SHIS D FOR PAATBRNS.—VoiIes Muslin.. Zephyrs Cashmere, Dress and Blouse materials.—WEJ & Co. Hulme Place, Salford Manchester.

VLASTIC STOCKINGS. 2s. 6d.; Hnee-Oaps, 21, Suspen- -11.11 sary Bandages, le. each from Manufacturer—W. H. 3dannoox, Alfred et. South, Nottingham.

QMART Millinery, Blouses, Underclothing, Grace-form k/ Corsets, Dresses, at wholesale prices. Beautiful Cata- logue free.—Weineou 8R09., Exporters, Hull, 111pAZAAR GOOD 9 (Special), 14. and 60. —Greatest variety I and value in the trade.—Skrztox & laTTHEwsf AN, Ltd Plough Buildings, Gloucester at., Birmingham. VCR full particulars of genuine Spare Time Employment send stamped addrEssed envelope to PRINCIPAL, Crown- leigh Commercial Institute, Church lane, Aldershot. LACE LACE i LACE I—Parcel of finest Nottingham lace; exceptional value ; satisfaction guaranteed ; Is. carriage pald.—MaeoN BROS., 14, Pepper et., Nottingham.

FRIIII TRIAL SELECTION—Before receiving racing Information elsewhere, send stamped address for grand pedal. Genuine gem.—GENRY, Cottage Grove. Snrbiton.

PRESHNTATION Chronograph Stop Watch and Chain,lB3. cased, 325. 6d a marvel; satisfaction guaranteed,- 0 DouGias, 71, Kimberley Gardens, Harriagay, London.

riitru LOOOMOTIVII,' containing 1000 illustrations of loc,Nrnotives and trains, post free, 2s. 6d.—THE Loco- MOTIVE PuBLIsHING Co.. LTD , 3 Amen Oorner,London 11.0.

r o.—For P.O. 31. we guarantee to send you a Silver- i-1s plated Keyless Watch and Chain. Don't delay; send at once, BERRY BROS,. 41 Gorton St., Patecroft.Manchester

TB/CREASE YOUR INCOME BY TRADING —Send for I. William Cotton's 65, parcel of Jewellery, Hosiery, Lace, Haberdashery, Overalls. —WEEKDAY CROSS, Nottingham. Established 1848. A BEAUTIFULLY-FINISHE 0 Ivorine Miniature, corn- Li plete. In Holed Gold Pendant, made from any photo (returned uninjured). Post free 15.60.—R0Lvai,62 Cheding- ton rd., Edmonton, London, N.

GRAVIIL ! GRAVEL GRAVEL I—Spar Gravel,chlpplngs, macadam for drives and walks. Rockery atone. Sc. Quotations to any station. -ROBERT W. Kirzoir, al, Coal Throhange. Chester Telez.bone 7).

PPHONOGRAPHS.—Latest Model ' Bacelsiors,' solid Oak Cabinet, Plower Horn, Improved Reproducer, and 12 Is. Records sent, carriage paid, for £2 2s.—Borroma it Co., Grunoptione Stores, Poplar, London, E.

5 LL respectable ht att on erp sell " PIONIiHR." the idead 4 Marking Ink for all fabrics ; needs no heating, shaking or waiting. Large bot.le.s 6d. and is. or post free from UPPINGTOK'S (Dept. H), " Pioneer " Works. Borough. f ACE CURTAINS, Is. 80. pair, 2/ yards long; 3s. lid. LA pair. 3 yards long 50 inches wide ; 3s. 73. pair, 3 yards long 54 inches wide ; 4s. 94d. pair, 3 yards long 61 inches wide.—HENEY 8C Co., 13 Paternoster Row, London, B.C.

QPRCIAL OPPRR IN MiI:DM POST-CARD A.LBUMS. 1.73 Assorted colours, size 153E9 in., coatain 250 Handsome Embossed Covers, Is. 2d. each ; post free is. 6d.—Send P.O. to BENTLEY 1 BARER, 108, SouthfiPid rd., Acton, Londnn.

TOB Line of Trousers Presses, guaranteed strong and serviceable; they make old trousers look like new ones; carriage paid ss. 94. ; moat price 10s. 64. ; only a few left. —YOUNG & LUKER, 41, Castle it. Bait. Oxford it., London,W.

PAINTBRS' AND PLUBHEIS' PLO W-LAMPB.—FuII M size benzoline. 101. 6d. (wit h fittings) ; extra powerful paraffin torch, 13. 6d ; test 4welish make ; cash with order, carriage paid.—F. Duricer, 84, Westfield rd., King's Heath.

To WEARERS of separate collars and fronts.—Easiest L method of front adjustment, eaves half cost of linen and laundry ; P.O. and stamp Is. Id. for method ; you cannot afford to be without it.—Cll6.llLEs WILKIN, 91, Berkley at., Liverpool.

THE GRAND OLD MAN that was (Gladstone), one of .1 England's noblest and greatest statesmen ; a Bold Medallion of him in massive relief in Antique Bronze ; splendid for hall or corridor ; a pleasing and lasting memento for sale ,heap.-1-InwELL, Marple.

WIWI NAILS (Mixel), 88. 6d. per cwt, 281bs, 2s. 31.; ',crews, mixed, 28s. per cwt, 281bs 7s. 6d.; Wire, Cut, Wrought, and Malleable Nails Tacks, Rivets, etc., etc., wholesale prices.—MlDLAwn NAIL Wong, 25 to 28. Rea at.. Brimingham, C. W. HAYLES, Proprietor.

GOT RATS? IIP SO, MR SANFORD'S POISONS. It ends the trouble I by destroying them. Rats, Mice, Moles, &a., like it, eat It, and perish Try the remedy. you will be delighted with the result. Price is. Bd. to ss, per box, of all Chemists, or SANFORD & SON, Sandy, Beds.

RUBBRIt GOODS and every description of burgical and Domestic Appliances at half usual prices ; valuable information and illustrated list free ; four splendid samples le.. or ten assorted 2s. 6d. (worth 51).—W. B. DoREAN Co., Manufacturers, West Norwood. London.

SUM? FLUOUS HAIR and MOLML—Perfected Blec- trolyele (by Mr Parke's invention) supersedes all other systems in rapidity for permanent destruction. The only method which never disappoints By appointment only Stamped envelope to Mr. ROBERT J. PARES, 2, Church et., Bon th port .

rro BB SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensee 1_ Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with 'siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J HosKING, 16, Fenwick street, Liverpool.

MANDOLINE.—To introduce our Instruments direct to the Public we are offering a splendid Pea Tl-inlaid Concert Italian Mandoline, complete, with Sadler-made case. free on receipt of P.O. 13 6d. Money returned if not approved —Address London Agent of Homuro A CARBoNE (Naples), 6 Arthur et., East, Lobdon, E.O.

BARTHEN W &RR hBOONDS.—PIates, all sizes kJ Bowls, Cups, Saucers, Jugs, Basins, Vegetable, Met, Baking Dishes &c. ; 100 dozen sound articles meely racked £3 ; Chapel, Church thszaars Caterers supplied ; Assorted packages 12s. 6d. upwards, Hawkers' large Crates 1,000 articles Ps. 61., cheapest, in trade. Write for tree lists. ARTHUR J. Hula., Normaeot Works, Longton. Staffs.

GARDEN NETTING.—maII mesh, oiled and dressed, kreps out the smallest birds, 100 yards I,ng. 1 yard wide, 43. ; 103 yards long, 2 yards wide, Se. ; any width or length kept. Tennis bordering nets, 25 yards long, 3 yards wide, strong line top and bottom, 7s. 6d. each ; standards for same, 10 feet high, is. eaali.—H. J. GiB93N, Garden Net Works, Rye.

WI-10'6 YOUR LAWYvR? T haven't required one since bought " RVERY MAN'S 1 OWN LAWYER." by A Barrister, which has repaid Its prl..Ne 20 times over in saving lawyers' fees. New Edition (1907) now ready, price 6s. Bd. net (postage bd.). from CROSBY LOCKWoOD & Sox, btationers' Hall Court, London, ICC., and AU Booksellers.

PI3IIOTOGRAPHY.—P.O.P. POST-CARDS, 2s. 6d; 100 ; 22s 6d. ICOO, Gaslivht, 3s. 6d. ICO ; 30s 1000. Samples, 6.1. stamps. Owsn's P.0.P., 10e. 6d. per quire. sample, 2 sheets It post free. All nnsurpissable quality ; working instructions cocloted. Printing post-cards from customer's newatiyes P.O.P , is. 4d. per doz, ; is. 100; £3 per 10)0. Inquiries solicited. Owßro smuts, WALL GRANO% BTOKH-ON TRENT.

QHMIT VirEJ,KING-OUT SHOES. 23 6d. to 138. 9d rurther enquiries invited.—PANNIELL'S, Haslemere, Surrey.

PIIARSON'S COMPETITION; Expert Solutions. to date 7d. finisn le. 6d. (strict secrecy).—" HOLLY VILLA." Helsby. M A NprtieynsCeTs TiloßrEFllacStp—rMy Factory—Motor. pS t s . HARVEY,i.7.exiattlieonrda 1 Port .mouth

22100 BRITISH Hi) MRS certificates for sale, £56 15s. paid up to date, sale price £4s.—Apply HARRISON, 1 Que -n at, Bedworth.

BOOKS —Large stock, Theological and generate must be cleared sample six post tree Es. 6d.—From A. M. 111313 AGE, 44, BelVoir Bt , Norwich.

12 POST OARDS, Coloured Views 4L. 18 Ed. all differ- ent, Money ba :k not approved.—TAvLoß, 21 Adams at., May Bank, Stoke-on-Trent. QBND US YOUR PHOTOGRAPH.—We reproduce six 1.7 beautiful Platino Cabinets on large mounts, post free 2. 2d.--TIPPER, 44. Pasture rd, Leeds.

STOP ! You want a moustache. Moustachine will grow one for you. Packet privatOy sealed Is. P.O T. EDMUNDS. 67 Market Ft., Birkenhead pEARSONS Weekly Competition Solutions to date 4d. and stamped addressed envelope. Strictest privacy observed.—li. lionigirrs, Post Office, Llanbedr, Rutbin. EAL GOLD JBWELBRY of every description at half shop prices. Send for prices of what you require to : J LANG. Manufacturing Jeweller, 44. Prescott st., Birmingham.

11000 Splendid Patont PIPHS for sale, Is, each ; Punch" says: "Once known, the pipe and Its praises will be in every smoker's mouth."—SEOKETT. Tapton House, Sheffield

A KAFIVIIL of cheapness.—A, Suit to measure for 255., La_ Blue or Black Serge or Vicuna, cash with order. Bend for self-measurement form.—A. WINTER ot Co., Wholesale Bespoke Tailors, 15 Queen it.. Leeds.

I 000 TONS extra good seco-d-hand YOIKSHIRI MTS. Also good Potting and Laying Sole. Can be put on rail if required. —FRANK JONES, Team- owner. Old 'wan. Liverpool. Telephone 91.

)00113.—Why use Foreign Doors ? linglish made, 61 t. Gin, by 2ft. 61u. by lila. square, 55.; mould. 2 sides, 6s. 23. ; solid moulded, ss. id. All other sizes in stock, Send builder's trade card for list.--JgaNnfas & Co., 375. Pennywell rd Bristol.

BC. BLACK BSETLES, Cockroaches exterminated by * Blattis Union Paste. Guaranteed by H. Howarth, Beg F Z S., poet free ls. 3d.. 2s. 3d., 4s. 6d.— fixwaT. Chemist, Sheffield, W.C. Cleared t4.heffield Workhouse, all other nrenarations failed.

LD TBRTH, Old Teeth, Old Teeth.—We give 60 per cent. kl more than other buyers; send and get our offer before selling elFewhere ; teeth returned, if not purchased, post free.—WALLia 4 WALLI9. 112. Upper Cllpton re-, London. Bankers. London and Provincial.

2/9 SILK UMBRELLA, Ladles' or Gents', direct from the manufacturers; thousand sold yearly; money POST returned if not satisfied —J. B Beluchß LTD, PRIM. Umbrella Works, Sheffield. By appointment to Royalty.

7/ 6._lmanbdearommeoußtrbiaprl ePc:Pilin, mounted ell; 9flentia tre ldd . caseren , very suitable for prize or presentation. Post free for seven and six. DINNiNG, 12. Chadwick rd.. Eccles, Manchester.

Iftebtral

CORNS cured by new Method, Formula of prominent physician; send 7c1.—8. ROGER, JUN., 22, Ma.rtia at., Plymouth.

-DHLmA cures scurf and preserves the hair. In pots No 1 Is. 9d ; No. 2. 3s. free. send P.O. Ana° PERFUMERY Co., 49, 'theobalds rd., W.O.

MO MORE UGLY HANDS.— Creme Velour' whitens 11 and ckereases the size ; price is. 6d, and 2s. 6d.—Mme. Gittwar. 31 Edgware rd., London.

IF you suffer with Indigestion,Dy spersta.Gastric Stomach, try Dr. Watson's little white Olio, 2e. 9d, poet free.-3, Cur Tort RD., Abergftvenny.

KALMAH for Rozema.—Scientific Remedy; cures obsti- nate cases ; bottles, post fre9, Is 3d and Zs 9d. —H. T SUTCLIFFE. 2 Lord it, Bacup, Lanoaehlre. J'CZ!MA —Gentleman who, after much treatment, found 121 simple inexpensive cure,will send partiiulars tor 2s. 6d. —THOmPsom, 6) Mayford rd., B lharn, London.

10,111IUMATIS1. —Sufferers should send P.O. 6d. for I receipe of a medicine which has cured hundreds.— T.S., Recipe Specialist, 6, Morris Green lane, Bolton-

RIPE-O' expels wind in children ; guaranteed win- k,' poisonous ; 74. and le, 14. Poital Order to all parts of British Isles.—JacQuEs, 12, Katie rd.,3elly Oak, Birmingham

1129TA8. 1851.—HuIme'a ' Best Female Pills ' are sold in 1:i boxes, is. lid., 2s. 9d. ; extra 41. 6d., useful and instructive booklet post free.—HuLmEs.Chemlst,Nottingham ASTHMA AND BRONOHIiId.-4 gentleman who has been cured will gladly send paralculars to any snifter enclosing stamped envelope.—Mr, LOCK, Station rd.. Ling-

LISTA BLI S H D 1850.—Hulmes " B HST PILM. &LH PILLS' are sold in boxes Is. lid., 2s. 94. ; extra 4s. 6d. Usefu', and instructive booklet post tree.—EluLmEs, Ohemistsc Nottineham.

1-41XQUISITE Complexions are produced by using Savon de .1.11 Ninon.' It renders the skin clear, childlike and pre- vents hairy growth. Three tablets, is. 9d.—Mme. Glawer, 31, Hdgware rd., London.

111-114 Reliable Female Pill, Nurse Frazer Pill.' They are rightly termed the Hell tble Pill. Price 4s. 9d., pot paid, in plain wrapper. Thousands use them.—Write FitszEß, BECKETT & CO., 3, New at. Birmingham.

Ll_ TERME M 4RRIAGI Its Causes and Curative Treat- CI merit. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women. A new edition just publishpd. Post free 3s. 9d., London.—SHELLEY CO., LTD., 38, Gracechurch at.

itt LARGE TRIAL BO rTLII, with advice, preventlnz U and restoring grey or falling hair, for which lady paid specialist one guinea ; one bottle will convince.— MATER,' 9, Green rd., Southsea.

rIORPULHNOIi and its dangers ; sufferers from this die- tressing clndition should write for booklet of diet rules, etc., compiled by a famous physician, post free Is,—Mr. PARKfqt COListis, Gothic House, Stroud rd.. Gioulester.

4,2AVR YOUR HAIR Erasmus Wilson's Hair Wash. made from original prescriplon. Acknowledgod by experts as the finest preparation for increasing growth and bealAy. Absolutely unrivalled. By Post Only 2s. and 3s. 6d.— VINCENT & C . , Toilet Bpecialists, 121, Stroud Green rd., London, N.

HORTON'S ORIGINAL BENEDICT PILLS. FOR FRMALRS. In a few days correct all irregularities and remove all obstructions ; also cure An:cruia, and cause no injury ; to the married or single are invaluable. By post, under cover, for Is. lid. or 2s. 9d , from G. D. HORTON (late Chief Dispenser from Birmingham Lying-in Hospital), Dept. 55 Aston road, North, Birmingham. Sold over 40 years,SUPPLIRD DIRECT ONLY. SRLDOH BVICit FAIL. All Ladies should send for a free sample of Improved Sanitary Towel, and interesting booklet post free.

qiwo LANDAUS, Ralli Cart, all rubber tyred and equal to 1. new. Private Omnibus.—Comroß, Bullder,Warrington. 1907 tubes is. sids ; sdt.s;fereoera.--pitYec2E7alP;oe'aV,Yros.vr6led; Doncaster.

IV" BRUN AND WEARWELL OYOLRS, buy from me; save monerr, and get a . watch INEE.—R, WOOD, 21 Cauonbury Square, London. BEFORE ordering your 1907 CYCLE send post-card for my catslogme ; guaranteed Cycle £3 10s. ; approval ; easy terms.—SimPsofq. Loughrigg it., Bradford.

MIRES —CYCLBS 6 500 guaranteed machines, new and 1: second-hand, from 255. each; U.S 4. and Baffles in stock : accessories at half price 10t-page list free to all : wholesale prices : ey6-opener. 5) p.c. ckeaper than others : agents wanted: Weaamow AND On., Weston-surer-are.

Ow SALR, LUHRY, SUL C 341 deal ; also Round-cornered Governi-ss Car. Co')-size Gii, Csrts to suit hs.wkilre, one Spring Cart to tip; tne Day Work Cart, with patent am n B.—Apply 63 LOWNDES BT.. near Molt' Park, PreAton.

OTORS OVEIiIikaULED and RE PALE 4D by eluded ITI Mechanics ; estimates free, distance no object; driving and management taught. —We have several second-hand Oars, in grand condition ; great bargains; call and see us, Oars Bought, Sold,and Exchanged; Cars for Hire.—SErsioua & Sox, Cross et., Sale. Tel 96 Sale

5I- SECURES LA.DY'S OR GENT'S CYCLE: Three years warranty; fitted with two him Brakes. Dunlop or other tyres. Pay balance to suit own convenience. Price £4 10s. CYCLEOUSE, /90a. HIGH ST., WATFORD.

OfIN New-rubber-tyrei HALM 0 kll, lamps and cushions complete, also dogcart, varnished birch body, hoth to suit 14 or 15 bAnde horse; also second-hand pony trap, butchers shandry, and Alexander drag, till in good condition.—l. PORTER, Cherry hne, Walton, Liverpool:

mOTclOwliliOtyl pl3eurygn:lrleoct: firnomi2thgeami amn udfarcutmu drums, rtirrilaegste paid ; 5 gallon drums :zd per gallon extra ; order a &live-y entirely on igpproval ; cotton waste, sponge cloths &o at lowest .priaes ; write for list —I3UTTERWOETg9, LIMITED, Department 13, Motor Oil Manufacturers, Liverpool. ln-H.P. Dain3ler ; any trial; £45. V 6-h.p. Twin Rex, with side-c ; £23. 6-13. p. Twin Thx. with fore-car; £33. 4 Minerva, foreaar ; £lB. Motor for Hire. 2-passengers. from 10s. per day. Coach-built Side Oar body, 335, 21 Royal Enfield Car, New; £1.5. NORMING lox, dt. James place, Liverpool. (Tel. E 56 Y RoyaT).

UIN 14 BARGAIN. —Gent's High-grade COVE N rux CYCLE. practscally as new, not soiled, very latest machine, silver-plated rims, New Departure free-wheel and Coasting Hub, two brakes, mudguards, beautifully plated, and lined medium size frame; plated lamp, pump. bell, 134 g, spanner, complete ; sacrifice 24 ss. cash ; no rule to present owner; will send on iapproval —G. BLACK:stows, 8, Oxford at,, Weston-Super-Hare.

fIYCLB Mary ellous sacrifice; Gent's new 1907 machine, highest grade. Clincher tyres, Crabbe roller lever front and back rim brakes ; very latest ; Perry's ball- bearing free-wheel; plated rims ; coloured centres ; black enamelled and lined frame; mad-guards; magnificent machine; not soiled; complete, witb gas lamp.i, bell, pump, spanner, ac.; £4 108,; great bargain ; worth double. Send on approval any distance before cash sent.—M. HOUSE. St. Madge. Pitman rd., Weston-super-Mare.

NO TROUBLE FOR IRELAND OR CYCLISTS WHO RIDE " WALTON " CYCLES. WE ARE ACTUAL MAKERS, THEREFORE CAN SAVE YOU AGENTS' PROFITS. What is the use of a guarantee from makers hundreds of miles away? Buy a" WALTON," made on the spot, with a STAMPED GUARANTEE. WORKS :-GREAT SANKEY SHOWROOM :—SANKEY (TRAM TERMINUS.)

oales bp it uttf an.

WEDNESDAY liEx r 150 HORSRS 150 HORSES. COCKERRAM GU:AT SPRING • tORSE SALE. ESTABLISHED 1856. The above important ANNUAL SALE will be held at Coekerham (six miles from Lancaster and two miles from Bay Horse L ifc N.W. Ry) on WEDNESDAY. MAY lsz, 1907, when upwards of 10 HIGH-CLASS HORSES, including POWERFUL DRAY & LURRY HORSES, VALUABLE SHIRR MARES AND FILLIES, SPRING VAN HORSES MATCH AND BROU3HAM HORSES. HUNTERS, HACKNEYS STYLISH COBS, Scc nearly all in the Breeders hands and out of the celebrated Fylde Horse Breeding District will be sold by Auction. Warranty Conditions and trial given. Saie in two zings. For Catalogues apply to THOS. ARMITSTEAD & SON. Auctioneers, Lancaster.

VALUABLE FREEHOLD RESIDENCE and Leasehold COTT .kGES. WAttRINGTON. 1-0 BE SOLD BY AUCTION, by Messrs. C. J. HUGHES 8; lON. At the Blue Bell Inn, Horsemarket-street. Wtrriugton on Thursday next the 2nd of Aay, 19)7, at 5 p.m. ore •iselv All that Freehold RE*3IDE "70R known as Cherry Rouse, situate and being Number 52 Chin-oh-street, WarrinkTto , with the large freehold plot of LAND (used as a garden) in rear thereof, having direct access to Church-street and Orchard-street. The total area of the premises is 1,990 square yards or theresbo its. Toe 'Residence comprises entrance hall, drawing, diniog and brea'cf Ist rooms ; kitchen, wash-house, 3 good cellarg, 6 bedrooms, bath roo-n. and w.c. The garden contains greenhouse and vinery and there is also stabling (4 stalls) with loft over same,warebouse, and other buildings. THE I'"i'OPERTY IS ADMIRABLY ADAPTED FIR THE B(JINIS4 CF A BUILDER OR CONTRACITOR FOR THE OF' A CLUB, OR THE PRO- FESSION OF A Docriar. Vacant cossession can be given on the 31st July, 1907. Also all those Three Leasehold CO V2A.G ;Id. with the yards and outbuildings, adjoining the above premises, and known as Numbers 14, 19 and 18, Orchard-stroet. Gross annual rental, £26 per annum The tenure of the cottages is for 991 years from the 17th of May,lB 6. Gr sund rent £2 Rs. 411. per annum. This site comprises 185 i square yards, and includes the entrance to the freehold land above referred to The freehold premises may be viewed any week-day after the 25th April between 2 and 4 p.m. For further particulars with plans,apply to the Auetioneers at No. 51. Witton-street. Northwich, or No 46, Illgh-street, Crewe; or to Messrs. Hen-y Greenall and Co , solicitors, Was rington.

irtatrtnionn

si ATRIMONIAL TIMNS." the best and quickest intro, ITJ ductory medium for all desiring a matrimonial alliance; price 6d. in sealed envelope —Address BDITOR Robert Radford, 5. Featherstone Buildings, Holborn. W. GENTLIIIM IN. aged 25, musical, bolding good position, would like to correspond with lady of means, view early matrimony.—Please reply enclosing photo, to ' Rxe- cutor,' Box 4057 SHARROW & THLTCHER, 1 and 2, Holborn Place London, W C.

jOIMioNS PURCHAt,INi4 RUSIN itziSS:...4 can be 1 accommodated with Capital at MAURICE AND 00., 31, Cairo et., Warrington.

TAO YOU WANT TO SELL your Business P—l so,consult Mr. CoWDELL, Business Agent, Legh at., Warrington. VORTHWICH.—SpIendid TABACCO and STATIONERY. 11 Good living; at valuation. DRAPERY and MIXED BUSINESS; at valuation. CHIP and FISH, doing a nice business. Everything £l3. Will teach the trade. MILK ROUND and DAIRY, doing 13 dozen; with pony, float, &c.; price £135 (genuine). —Apply OowDELL Business Agent, Legh at., Warrington. E3OII —Splendid HAURDRSSER'S Business for • • immediate dispos,l ; only wants seeing ; estab- lished nearly 2(1 years ; with the Chips and Fish Business attached ; good living for the right pertions.—Full particulars Mr CIOWDELL, Bud( est% Agent, 31, Legh st.. Warrington.

D BFRBSHMENT, Tobacco, and General Business for die- posal —Write MORRIS, 8 Grosvenor Bt. Cheltenham.

OtD-BSTABLISHFID DRAPHRY, BUSINIRSS to be Sold; low rental; fullest information given.—Apply Mn, G•, 82. Towngate, Leyland.

%LD established aycle oil business for sale.—Good chance for beginner. Snitll capital req sired. L3W price. MILLER & dox, Brentford, Mid iesex. jar WILL BB GIVBN by advertiser to anyone who is 4.../tJ able to introduce a suitable MILK BUBINKT-i ; not particular to size.—Address 8238, " LIVENING NEWS" OFFICE, Manchester.

g 1 10s. WHISKIA PILOPIP gnaranteed Fish. Chips, I. Peas. Good position. good house part, low rent. Cheap £4',. Address % 438, " Meachester livening Chronicle ' Office, Manchester. QM LLW ARIIS AND RABRti9ASEIRIY.-3pect3l Penny Lines for market men and shops. 7. 6d. per gross, carriage paid on receipt of Y.O. from APPELBLUM & Co., 46, Dantzic et.. Manchester. (II ROCHE. —OLD ESTABLISI4RD. Genuine. Splendid opportunity for smart anuole, Sure living. Good apartment house. 9s; clear. £35 or nearest offer. Stock (small) at valuation. Seaside.—Addreis SUNBRAM, Parkgate, Cheshire,

PEIOTOGRAPHY.—SpIencIid studio, 30x17 shop window, reception rooms, itc. ; front street ; large seaside town, immediate possession, small inzoing, including furniture, fittings, /W.—Apply Box 4487, c/o 8/JARROW & THATCH/IR, Holborn Place, London, W.O.

ka o ah bargain no 2 3 5 0 Wwhi tele lbwurYi g htthaen dB TgaloNh ED d eSS arn. de t ollr• rent reasonable. or would sell property. This is a rapidly growing business and a splendid opportunity for a pushing man.—Address, C. DOBSON, Egerton at.. New Brighton.

jOdN BROWN, 34, SOUTH JOHN it.T LIVERPOOL. TEL. 179 Y CENTRAL, Ha A VARIETY OF BUSINESSIIid ON BAND TO SUIT ALL CLASSES OF BUYERS.

G-ARNETT'S "NEW DEPARTMENT" to snit all classes. Call and look through the new premises adjoining the old show- rooms SANKEY STREET. GARNETT'S.

Etg Oramtner *tries PREP AID A DVERTISE APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANHOUS SALE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION. One Three ' Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Wrekt. 18 ... Os. 6d. ... Li. 3d. ... 2a. Gd ... •z 3. o'. 27 ... Oa. 95. ... Is 10d. ... 3e. 05 ... 53 05 36 ... is. Cd. ... 2s. ed. ... 4e. Oa. es. (5, 45 ... is. 3d. ... 3a. 15. 6s. OS. 7a. 05. 64 ... is. 65. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6a, 05. 10s. Od

THE EXAMINER, APRIL 27th. 1907

FOR THE AMENDMENT. AGAINST. RUNCORN AND WIDNES. Councillor Neild Alderman Evans • „ Dickinson Rev. N. Wilson Ball „ J. Davies FATAL FALL DOWNSTAIRS AT RUNCORN. . 71 Steel Miss Williams On Sunday morning Eliza Bushell, aged forty-nine, ; Toole Messrs. H. Roberts of Handley-street, Runcorn, wife of a waterman, fell Sankey „ A. J. Jolley downstairs and sustained concussion of the brain. She Barton a C. CE. Parker died on Monday. Messrs. T. B. Bradshaw , G. H. Kingdon LANDSLIP AT RUNCORN HILL. I , R. T. Fairclongh andC. S. Burgess E On Monday morning about thirty yards of stone wall and . Plinston. protecting a footpath from a deep disused quarry on THE " BOLTON " SCHOOL. Runcorn Hill was found to have slipped into the quarry. ; Mr. FAIRCLOUGH announced that the Committee had A fresh fence was quickly erected. obtained 30 years for the repayment of the loan on the TRAGIC DEATHS AT RUNCORN. Bolton school. The death under tragic circumstances of Eliza Bushell 1 Mr. PLINSTON said he hoped they had not got 30 49, married woman, 18, Handley-street, has been years in which to build the school. reported to the police. She was walking downstairs on ; Mr. FAIRcLoUGH said the, work of erection had corn- Sunday afternoon when she slipped and fell. She sus- menced that morning. tamed very serious injuries and succumbed to the effects HOLY TRINITY MANAGERS. about ten o'clock in the evening.—The death has also 1 At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee, been reported of John Worder (26), of Howarth-street, I letters from the Correspondent for the Managers Runcorn. He had suffered for some time from heart of the Trinity National school were read in reference disease, but was apparently in his usual condition on to the return required by the Committee and after some Friday. His wife went to call him for his work at discussion the question was allowed to drop. half-past five on Saturday morning, and found him to Tha minute was approved. be dead. Dr. Delaney has certified the cause of death. CAMDEN SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. The anniversary of Camden Sunday school, was cele- biated by special services at St. Paul's Church, Runcorn, on Sunday. Despite the bad weather there was an excellent attendance at the morning service and the church was crowded at the evening service. The preacher morning and evening was the Rev. W. T. Davidson, D.D., ex-president of the Wesleyan Confer- ence and Principal of Richmond College. There were many comments upon the exceptionally good singing of the school children led by St. Paul's Choir. Mr. R. Johnson presided at the organ. The collections for the day amounted to more than £36, beingan advance of £2 on last year's total. On Monday evening Dr. Davison delivered a lecture on "The Bible in the Sunday school of to-day" in St. Paul's Church. Mr. W.Car roll presided ANOTHBR GREAT FIRE AT WIDNES. Another alarming fire occurred about three o'clock on Saturday at the huge bluestone plant of Messrs. Thomas Bolton and Sons, copper manufacturers, behind Waterloo-road, Widnes. The wooden shed, seventy yards square, which contained the patent plant of Mr. Dolphin, used for the extraction of silver from bluestone, was completely wrecked. The flames spread with remarkable rapidity owing to the high wind, but the brigade was successful in saving the adjoining Atlas ' Chemical works belonging to the Atlas Alkali Company. Prior to the arrival of the brigade, the works appliances proved very effective. The whole works were destroyed and damage to the extent of some thousands of pounds was done. About 100 men will be thrown out of employment as the result of the fire. Despite the heavy rain thousands of people watched the progress of the fire. RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. At the Runcorn Sessions, on Monday, before Messrs. A. Thomas and T. D. Timmins, William Holt, Lowland- road, was sumEnoned for having kept a dog without a licence. Sergeant Williams said he received a complaint that the dog bit a boy. Defendant was fined in the costs (6s. 6d.)—Edward Wakefield, Loch-street, and Ernest Woodward, Balfour-road, were summoned for a breach of the peace on the 13th inst. Sergeant Salt said he saw defendants fighting in Vicar-street. He separated them. Woodward said Wakefield hit him, but he did not strike back. The bother started about football. Wakefield said he was the better man, and he (Woodward) could have it up or down. In answer to Superintendent Ennion he said he was an Englishman but he did not retaliate. He would sooner run than fight.—The Superintendent: I don't call you an Englishman. Wakefield said he challenged him after some talk about football, and then hit him. He struck back and when the sergeant. came up Woodward gave him in charge. The officer took them both, but Woodward escaped on the way down. Sergeant Frost said Woodward did run away but repented and gave in his name at the Police Station. Defendants were fined in the costs (4s. 6d.) ST. HELENS.

" An excellent Food, admirably adapted to the wants of infants and young persons." —SIR CHARLES A. CAMERON, C.D., M.D., Professor of Chemistry, R.C.5.1., Medical Officer of Health for Dublin, PURVEYORS BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO H.I.M. THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA.

Dr. BAKER'S BACKACKE PELLETS Are a new remedy, which have a marvellous effect in curing Backache, Lumbago, Gout, Rheu- matism, Sciatica, and all diseases of the Kidneys, &c. If you suffer, take one pellet three times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses you will have forgotten that you ever knew- the terrible pain of Backache &c. A Sufferer says :---" I obtained quick relief from a terrible backache after taking a few doses of Dr. Baker's Backache Pellets. I Write at once enclosing 12 stamps for one box or 33 stamps for 3 boxes to r-Ple° DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE Co., 1/1 .T• C. 3, NELSON SQUARE, SOUTHWARK, LONDON, S.E.

41.--- Iv -1L- °co r 14-k-- mI LK '. e, . • • . Ripehesr "11 . . /---,.. -----\ ' - ' ,5751Varui oi' PcrYA7.

_ 2 . 41, ' 0 .. ' r‘ istia• hr n • 1 I Circle - 1 Stories.- Fi THE BEST PENNY WEEKLY STORIES e I PUBLISHED. 1 , 1 D. EVERY SATURDAY' 0 1 a NEWS AGENTS ~., And BOOKSTALLS. I " LONG STORIES by such popular Authors as: ; MRS. J. B. HORTON, SYDNEY WATSON, 0 1 M. E. L. , FLORENCE HODGEINSON, HELEN HARDIN, I e MRS. SYDNEY WATSON. 0 lEvery week an instalment of JOSSPH HOCKING'S great Story, "THE SCARLET WOMAN." No Penny Stories yet Published contain such D fascinating and interesting tales by best .4uthors IP IBIG PRIZE COMPETITION. ORDER AT ONCE. 6 If not able to obtain these Stories. vrite to the • LPublishers, FARRINGTON 81. Co., Shoe Lane, E C.; enclosing Id. Stamp for two recent numbers. X:=fll6losoggegibllgualtaxam

_.---- --,- ....„------,..------_-=__----- ;;;,../0- iti...ES FlOft, 7 ° (Trade Mark)'':Sf 7:,.., -..- 74 , t, Ant. Ae: • „,,,:: - ~, f,. ' tV***-1,t,P:q'',•::•4144-1,,?•;:,,,,, .. ,f:, •-•,,_ . ~ t:Ny."7%. - 4:kr,t 4,tfr't-';',. • -ir7ft ' \ -.•!,.:,‘',,j p - • ''''''' -7 , %.,/di p.. •• 4. • ' '<ID ,Ri A...ii.. 1t....'.1 a __,...., ~_, :,...„,,.,..,_;.•..5.„.„4,..0,,,,,,, ~.... .....„, ....:, , . cuRE:-HEADACHi, LPJL.7 IC ES TIC N. CONSTMATION. . DEB/LITY, FEMALE WEAK NESS ES, PILES, , • 12 1 Z VIT 0 .1.5 E V AsjltOW ACL2M IL' I-VEEX A" S . A' & STOMACH TROUBLES. s.* ,ki • ,'.,'.: . / . • i.:,.:,i 1,3-I___:U,j'".-•,q ':* ' ' ' 14.'.:., ,`;;.,..„'''''' tw, ..t•V' ',: :....i0 t . 15'.4. it '- • 4\Vi''',,, . , ill 4 -kW i 1 Aktitittiz4wili - . n -:-.BY , ~,- 5; s . ..v es. ~ , , -4--..---. os

Watch the faces around the table brighten when there are "SKIPPER" Sardines for tea. These delightful scale- less and practically boneless "fishlets" are different from ordinary Sardines. 4; t - upER Sardine ' Try a little tin of twenty, or there- abouts. Don't say you don't like Sar- dines till you have tried "SKIPPER." Sixpence and your grocer's name and address will bring you a tin post free, if he has not got them. writ,--ANGUS WATSON & CO. NEWCASTLE-ON-TYNE. Canners—Cuß. I..kND & Co.,Stavanger,Norway.

.9 s --a 174, ?it,lato for CieaningSi!ver.EleetrnPlaie9 'Suitt everywhere it: 276 LT. 4/0

HOR LICK'S niIEANs MALTED MILK, AND MALTED MILK IS THE BEST FOOD FOR ALL AGES. REQUIRES NO COOKING Samples, 31, Farringdon Road, London, E.C.

- 1,e4«,V art af•-kl;Vgi. . •?,!, • c‘fl. oi If you feel out of sorts, don't fly to a new and untried ' remedy, but to one which has stood \ the test of time. For nearly a century Dr. Scott's • have & w 0 j!‘. Pills been recog- ••• nised as a safe and reliable --"-wh. remedy for Headache, Biliousness, \ and all Liver and Kidney• Complaints. \, Sold in a green wrapper by all chemists. 1/1i & 2/9 per box. Get the real remedy— Dr.. Scott's Pills.

tier , OF-IT BOOT - ''t` • - ‹,;^.‘ , .4 ,

ERANCHES EVERYWHERE. ; MANUF.t..C.TUT'F., 1- I io ------...-....„. A QUARTER CF A CENTURY'S REPUTATION. • THE 1 lc' The " Yeoman" class have always beon the backbone of " Britain." "BENEFIT " i The "BENEFIT" Boot is known the world over. A WI AN 13 BOOT 'FOR A Fi!AN. BOOT,, .• ' l -, 0.... 116 & 118, Bridge-Street, Warrington. '4l k 2/9 :----------- 41110 47, Victoria Road, Widnes. Bridge Street and Market Place, Earlestown. 6, High Street, Runcorn. Three Gold Medals 45, Widnes Road, Simms Cross, Widnes; 1 ''-'" 'IV ,v'' irniiaipiiiier I' ' , .ipiii."3 7.‘ii-ii,V,„:' - ".T' i'`, '''''' . " * ' 'cri Lr l' al. UV* rA ' A lik C . ... Z k..... e . ,N y ~,A, ~,,.... ... . „- .. .4. is, , ... - 4 ,'` ' -;-*l'i -, •

NeLP ta: - - - - - , NATIMALTE MPH ori E ti°. 2924 < • -<-N, ~ t(!to)" -0 v 4, :. ~,,,.. beji,, ryx, s , , $ • ~, ,".-,11: '''; ... 1 ,Ic-- ' kJ . t ,--.051ck inke ---4... e. ~.4:-‘‘.... Fort BOWLING GREENS• .7-z._,. ~ 7....• ? ' • : - - WIZ"' C.* .' .. 'I. '' . . - - 42.SACKVILLE STREET MANCHESTER: 1611.1111 s

eLrA- t,=. A rt cct- E

Being held with the SOLE object of reducing our enormous Stock of FURNISIHNGS and FLOOR COVERINGS of all kinds. This is a genuine Sale of.BONA-FIDE BARGAINS at from 20 to 50 per cent. UNDER usual prices. Clearance, NOT profit simply, is desired, so NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED. Goods not required immediately, on payment of trifling deposit, will be STORED FREE any reasonable time, and delivered FREE when needed. SAMUEL PITTS, London Road, Manchester.

If You Feel as Bad as You Often Look it is time you took yourself in hand and gave nature that aid which everyone else sees you need. Appearances generally indicate the condition, and it tells on you if you have Insomnia, Indigestion, Constipation, Biliousness, Torpid Liver, Kidney Trouble or a disordered stomach. If you have any of these troubles You Need to take steps immediately to right the wrong ere it is too late, by resorting to the never-failing remedy Beecham's Pills. They have cured thousands of others and will cure you. ,Women especially find a wonderful boon in Beecham's Pills, and a reliable and beneficial help in times of sickness and ill-health. In countless homes in all parts of the world whole families use - -v" HA 9 • • all • a :IV I L ntz

THE COLONIAL PREMEM

on their arrival at the Hotel Cecil, London, each received a tube of' PYNKMAGIC' Liver Pills to keep them in sound health during the fetes and dinners with which the Mother Country is entertaining them. You, perhaps, have not to undergo the enormous strain that such lavish hospitality involves on the system, but the everyday strain of life tells on even the strongest constitution, and the system needs constant adjustment to meet this never-ending strain. Therefore, WHY NOT BE LIKE THE COLONIAL PREMIERS and .fortify yourselves now and then with Pynkmagics ' ? They are gentle, but most effective in action, cannot hurt the most delicate constitutions, and they are not Yankee, but

A BROKEN-DOWN SYSTEM. This is a condition (or disease) to which doctors give many names, but which few of them really understand. It is simply weakness—a break-down, as it were, of the vital forces that sustain the system. No matter what may be its causes (for they are almost numberless), its symptoms are much the same; the more prominent being sleeplessness, sense of prostration or weariness, depression of spirits and want of energy for all the ordinary affairs of life. Now, what alone is absolutely essential in all such cases is increased vitality—vigour— VITAL STRENGTH - AND ENERGY to throw off these morbid feelings, and as night succeed, the day this may be more certainly secured by a course of THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY, THERAPION No. 3, than by any other known combination. So surely as it is taken in accordance with the directions accompanying it, will the shattered health be restored, the EXPIRING LAMP OF LIFE LIGHTED UP AFRESH , and a new existence imparted in place of what had so lately seemed worn-out, • used up,' and valueless. This wqnderful medicament is suitable for all ages. constitu- tiots and conditions, in either sex; and it is difficult to Imagine a case of disease or derangement, whose plain . features are those of debility, that will not be spedily and permanently benefited by this never-failing recuper- , ative essence, which is destined to cast into oblivion everything that had preceded it for this wide-spread and numerous class of human ailments. Price 2s. 9d. (particulars penny stamp) post fres in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co., Haverstock Road. Hampstead. London, and of principal chemists. Word " TM:RATION " appears on Government Stamp (in whOe letters on a red ground), affixed to every package by order of His Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, and without which it is a forgery. • FLANNELETTE• If purchaser; of this useful material for underwear all the year round would buy the best English make, which can be obtained from all leading Drapers, they would avoid the RISKS. they undoubtedly run with the inferior qualities of Flannelette. HORROCKSES' FLANNELETTES. made by the manufacturers of • the celebrated Longcloths, Twills and Sheetings, • ARE "rtrtE BEST. " HORROCKSES If Stamped on selvedge every 5 yards.

GCOTJFr, 3CIPITVC2I, elk i.fr 1 Cured by 1 , • Vfia,' ‘*43, THEY I NEVER FAIL. i Everyvel7era at !117 and 2,2 1 , ' ' .. i, e -,• „ti.„., ~..,:ri • ..., ...., ~.. , • , --......,....--...srvrnsnur.drerrlVlK.l.2lC,l4.=,....

. H. .00pING-couGH - CROUP '.l IThe Celebrated Effectual Cure without Internal Medicine ROCHE'S Herbal Embrocation Will also be found very efficacious in cases of BRONCHITIS, LUMBAGO and RHEUMATISM Price 4s. per Bottle, o- f all Chemists. W. Enwarms & Son, 157, Queen V- ictoria.St.,London, Eng.

MIERRYWEATHER'S HIGH-CLASS GARDEN HOSE 62, LONG ACRE, LONDON. Largest makers of High-class Hose in the world.

• '' ' "''' *" ' ' ' " ' • ^ • ' - ' ' • ' . • ..- ' ."-- • 1 ' ~,,,..,,,.. • '• '''lEr 7 . K. ILLS:: KILLS,;',::. .1...,,,,,. ....-,-....:,.-': -.;, ...-...;,....i.:. BEETLES:-,... POWDER. .: . •..,....•.. .. AP illo J„,...11.• . ' ' ,' ''':- ,!! 't. , .'•;. 44._ Nks4t. . s;,,,sisktt,p;X-RAY' til ._.....,, .-2.. 1: 1, ' . foie Polish- is , Aa k Id , • ‘L. id.,77 . , ~,f : : Free SauTipried.ef.c3ifc i.t' ~ i: ay/ .',1.. ii 11, Queen Victoria Street, E.C, . The Shine That Lasts Longest.

I ID), ini ...... .._. i /mmumoiar-T----------:\'\ k .P ... I C. I Ina - ' a asaa ~_, -. Ali ~ - r.... ----e- -= " ......111111111111r7041 -...' - - _ . - 1 -- iiiiH - ----. ... -. . T.,... - ih... IMO - ' ----",,--- - ' smomimu, .."3-....millmisEme. " .'''''..- Etri,_,- in .ffillk,11!Ir• . . _ . _ ___,... --:-TVI 111 :Arm ........-.. --..... \ -----kifillt • ::-.•-•-•---.2, ~-"7"---t In'a."l =-=-".: .111.0411111kM" ~ ----,------..--, ~-=--.. == = 1 17:1 r=l .l :2t: ....:, =I • - - Eat- ,••-,...4.•,.. W. = ---='------ :i—l—A-Nllllll/a---=-_--____ lr,. .. - --- ~ ~,,d •.....-I=-...: , ..... -- - ---: f= ii: ---- -------..---,4 lit:* ....,...,-,-.----.--:_,L....- -- ~ soitim....N , ./----- . ---, _ _•_• _ ~,.....—_...,_. _—,_ ,771-----_,....., g' • misioniiilimr); , -4,==•••• ''''-'" •,,i _, . • -t-, ',„ ",,-I^' ..1.1-4--• • - t.,__,:-.k.i....... ~,,,,--_,-,._, '-'_..._____%---:_. -,.:_':-._., I ''' ~..............."' ‘• ~.,,,2, .---..-.• --.,-,,..-.- ~..,-,...1.....,', , , 4i, , , 1,, - .4, , , .4., .._fi I, . = Zto• •---------',_• _ _. _-.....k -..----,.-- - ~.=... 0%...- CI .""......""'''' ••••---•-•- , _. I a ...,,,,.„ s,==imir-.--.,-...---- "_—_.--7----=-- ‘• _:_=----7.- r""'""" '"---:'i",'Im'mi"IIIeIIIIIMMIIIM [' . ..''lilli -"*". ..M11.11••••""" -•••-- - '= •....-..-..=-".... , i, ....,.. , ... _ ....te=tmr...--•-•-•_ ....„, __, .._7•- _.-......,,-..- . _..... .., ...,_,...-....._7.—==_ -..,_ -==-,-,- --- ---,,-;-.._ ,---..:-..- ~:,-,,,:iii:-7,--•'. --:••••• -7---•---------..---- . , ' - ___.,..71_,-.-34,1.1.,±,ii • .:_..__.--- ~--. ..1--- . tit- -rii7..,...-7, . I 14',,,,._;7: •Ll, ',kik 644 .;1344,id,,,_1;:1ia= * '' ".." d''`.l--r---. '-'-''''''''''',,,'2,lomalimmos... - ' .- ' ill-V`r•ii -1- ;•,--r"-L-- -•-,-,1=7-=',...f.-1.....----- .:, iir iiienir —,......,, ~.7..--....----...._-_-__ ., - . ----7, lir pint • —MIMS • . i• ',II .: - ...,—;—. . _..,.. Ple-.---...,-)lip---- grP'll4.A..--- :'• ----- -r--r-s....wei ..,_ ~.........;i7_.______,_._....—.......1... _i -__.-...- - -•--- -:-.:-_,=-:,-.._.,•_,-,-21-,.., t• ,:,-. ' .I=,-, - .„.. • ' _____ • _,,,,4; , - %,k'fi<'.;:i.- --_-':::: • .''' - --,---.---•-•=7.7,,,,, ,• . '... .. '- , -..i." .-- •'''., ---s. --_--- ;_- -...-- ; 4 - ....2 ~.- -.. ••- "--..,-.'s - .... ... . - r - • ----___-_-_-. ~..,--2- i , • . ,r, •,,. , „_.-irc __- '),...,•*-Fp,Ter.Vl, '51., ',,,-...-',l; '' " '-''' '' ' ' • -'3 .. . •-;,---,c, "•-. s:. - 4. ,A,,, .0.1.,-, • - ~..., Acme -Vl,lll 111 a ' •. - ' T 1! •\ ' t ',, .. r.. 7,'.. '. • 111311' -LXI ill#All4.-41--- - •-.'-• • --1..:7,',",-,.:A7'1?"-'7-T,,, ...,,, 4, ..,. ----.-24G.r===----- -'-', .--* - ---• '' 1,..,,,,,, • liate;;;ra,V4. l'-. '•':4` 0.40,4's --;:3•1',,e ~..ii"ill ___ _ .____ - ~;,.,,,_.,,,...t ,7,,_-,--,-,, v; 44.,,,,...,•-,--.t......--17 7)- , • 7.. ~,,.., ..Kh,":„._.p,L..il is ' iO.-,:,,,• ~ 17, ,- , ~,,,ref,,,.314,•',„•,:••,,';,••":•,',.z., ;:,,..,,411,i,,;:,....:h5'. !..,.:!..,._44....,::1,'. IF?.'.'.tif., •gi .. ' jcliitilf*Misouont • it ~: ,rtigkr,„ si . summi•4:4?•*:-'-'04. ..' 0e.:4,....(tt•,.., ''' "*" • •i•iiiiialoThifillaila. • A 4,-N -K- '-- ' •---- v:_`" ' ' li•al4,•'r - --,-7'..7 _.-• i........!1, . , _hi.,,...--,--••-f-77.-_=-',-- • I'4 - simi.'-' 10,1" lINVIrwI --- • - --------' I ----' - ill_v jit_11.1,:111. ':).-. i '.:,:,,a,r,' ••,_•,, •I' - ‘,' -=,7.---',l!reiii .4- f';ll4 C I"ui tr 11114'AI-C.""1•-------- ,trTaz.c_.„..l 1,----__-_-.3 —, i lip rz•-...,:t....11)1W,,,-"l'7 mei t.. ..,,_......, ;=----, ,-,------, 11 _ '.7.1 , i .:--....,r...... i---t ----. ,--------.7.11111111111111111111116 ..:41111 0 - - alik4 Val i-- ,• aii• ' r_... , in at 1 ....... 1 i ur. iiii lit me .ll - ',lll=llllllllllllll/1 IMM I. ' • . wimmili ;:,....-....1.,-- . . .„. . .., TO FRIAR _ ..,,,,y.-7...-•nr.,...,...-^1.1.14",.k7 rrivi7E:4l't-7.77?-7,,..r:Pz . . $.,;., ~,, 44: ,-:'.,- -...,_. .-- v. ~,,, ; ' •-., " -4:4lt,ft.w .'e ~., , ~. " , Akti*."4' . - ....,.. ~ .. ..,, ' .A.'t.: '' . 7•.,' 4'. ,'-• 7,-.7;•:-..,, • -. . ''',..:'.;''' ..• '''''' filyt:.% ':. ' e.:.,' ".% ' ?:•:',:i,i;:',,,:':::.• .:::':::•:;,...::::0,,,*V:•:'.. -V, k;:,..,: .... ,:„.,:,....,,,,7',,,,,, .:4i-• ..„;.• '•,. .• ~• .s: !•: 6-• .....k:,,,• . : ?--,.......t.,:,.: •::::•-.;2.,,,,....xie. ~: ..1,,:*:.,,,:,.. ...„.. ~...,„,,, ~,,,.,,,-.,,,,,... piv.. •., :::.,-.. :,,,",,,,,, :L-; :f.: : .::*l-.. i:i.,t ...•.*.h.."•iis:,.:. ',': . 4;4. .:::,:-•::::!•',...,i-,.:5.,;.: • ';',"....,. ' ?:,.. :%;:::i. ....),;';':",,I: • .. . '.'",,,, . t."l/4".::, .1;•• '; '. ...ii:;0•1-,i.`: ''''''.::-..•-•:..,..11:..:-;',:-.':1,'..1..- 'l.:.•.<>:;••.,::A?'-f; •-••••',.. ' '':'''':.:. '' '• '''''''i' ...;;-:':;.:. ."-:•--.. ''. •:: -‘-•''' \ ...,...:•:;%'.: .• , \ •,,,,,...::::.., 4::-., ~,•-•:,.. ,k1,40:-.''',----,i'' '1 -;••• ;,'-4'.. , •,', --,,,,,,...., - 4... ~•-•,-; •:.• -..-. -.-• • :•,...-4.,...: ~A . ~....., •.• '• N,,,, ~....;i,' -1. lif:aiii.,..... „..i..,":2;3::,,,A......,..**: ~.'. :•:-...-::--''%',. '.:: •..'4; . ,$,..,,,,,:::k 73 1,,..:.,' s" ...NA, , '; . '.... A ..k.:,!,,,,.. ,:::: ~ ... . • , • ,-" • , i ..i.::: P .: ;'. '''''''',..:.l.s, t; kt.4..:Zo4li:4:Wili •:: .....<l?....'•::.':*:' ''.14..,..::::•Qii.e:::4,',. :,, • , , :„_, . '.- ....4.•,. '..,..,.......', : .:::';'...t.i. ..4S'IX :: A '*.. t •:"....,,,:,,,,: • •.:f 4,. t .••••:•::::::,:%.49,,,,.. ....• • , .•••••14., •• *. ,`,,,,,:::•.,••••,:•:••:A....., .. :'• •••;-•:•,:...,',,'.....i.V. 't. ,' .i:., :•,:•::',. tii,;,../....4', ...,4,..1.,' !;••:•., ..s. . \ "ti t'•••• t.;::• . ii;A: ::: :ilailtifi(ClWW:.,.,;,..l:io.4§A'•••••••*••l•S•R'*.. • •'• '•'.. , ~••'•",:4,, •4?......"..K•5...4.4.4.f. '4::••••P• ."' ...'4% ( • '. ~‘. ,'•::•;:....""....,''''''• , .. lit IfltiglikTV::•;.: ...11•rn....• '‘•••••••• . ntl.C.rii:::1::'::•••:::?,ita;:::•,;?:.•:".7.::•:4Rei...:i1,0••.::•. '•;•'‘';' ..\•. \!.:24:....:•••?:kt•••0;. ei :rs,lttAfts'VX: .:•*i!'•••,,,...'''..........• :".•:;i,:•...::".*Aligie.:q§:ilitN.i'....%•..:lNKBgliiirkli! - I \••:',. "...••••••::::.e'''•:::-• ;;;;'•::T: H'lls-::.::.:rr?......,....:'iLi.:.,:.:.i.....-;, -•,,...->.,•::. ...-...,....m..:.:..-. :;.,-.......,tfft00ki1tti•,,.,„ . , ;,.., : • • ~.,............ -..„..., ...,. .N.:,..,.p.:,..,::.::.4i..-...,:...,:::.ifx., .-1;,-,.. . . ...c....-....T.,:.:,...-.::.:::•,:::::......•••,....... - -......-':::.‘,....,..h...ive10v.x:.:::.....;..: , - ... -•., ,‘ \-.1..„...::.2:,:i.1.,.::..., -;:..t..:,.. ',.'k,.r..e.i.:'..:;:.';:4*.'Y" -:.:: ..--- 4:.•,- , '.,d.:::]:.:-..,.-: -,.....-.::::,........ - ••,..:4,:f!...:::::-..:...-•i ~...,:•,-,..--.:•:,. ~..• •. • . .., .. • • ..• . •.• • .A.,,, .: , , ::.,...:•::: ' ',,,,,E:::;,;' ,;',,, ...i ~i'''.4irk..,,;'*, - :'.: :. i, .''',:'..,•••:•:::•., ..::'' l'.. ,"•,•%:::..•-• ' -I.Z .-•!..:§i.s'V... ; .., ''`'••••'::::.:':'4::....• ...::::-. ..o:ii:A:,... '.:.'s.:K.. -:•:.';'.:! •':fs -l• '.‘•'!i'it.',4::'•:. 4-«.. : 4':;,:''.:',!::,:'• • '''...c •,',,':.i.).k. ' , 1,4•:*....\••. •.. .. 2.; ' , ~......... ...., ...,,?......,,,:., ...• y;.,.. 1•• .. • •:- ..:Ki '...t:4,..'''.. ••,Z ...A'...:::,..... , • ;:‘...21:;,,5ti., ~.. A.• A • •.',:?ii'. ,-;‘,,•1 '''•-•?'-';''' -••••:',..'';',•": .....: 7:::':-.:'f." .., ` '''''-t:i., ' :,••••:' •.. ' 4-:: .:',.:, •'.....::: ...VV:.:;•:•:`••:,-,.. ',,,•••,f:'-....: ' •••1',.. h01t,kie,k.,:,...--•' ''''-:-.•-•.• •';',',:''''.::"'::.ll4:4.ii„i:,,:A'iW.:l-, '.4-14.''' i',•::!f.'";:%''l.-',4:::3::!%:::z.'"'::;•!.>. ;;!::'''''::4l-':' - ' 1 ~......;.F.,44.:i....a.,zi`iiii44. ‘. - •,„:.. ,-.1..,,,,..:4::,;4.,,re;k14i2...: ' • ...,... . ~..„I:744ks•i.z .14.0,04,i4,..:?....*):`; .I.4mt.kir".-V't.gilivi: ':,....:•',„,,.. ....t!,... . ..,..: p-4,5:',;',:e;,"'"-'-'-'4••;;.* ;•_, .t.,,, -5c!,,,;,;,•.:-.4::,, 4.41,y40:Aut0.: ~.:,': .1w:,,..:-,...--, , . ..,-,A5.44171:ti*V0f....•`."....p.44.,_,.._:-.,:..:-.,,,?:.%. :;,...Q*i',..-•:- . -..R.4t1:-AKTP,'•;&:•I6:Mit. V-- , ..-14',40,3044.•:.`;;.t. 405,7":'', ',-, • •-••).r+it,.'ri,, 4fiff '.. .--.Ws44**k:•Pre--"••1:"?.‘ j.:',.4,-;:iset,,,Aev:gf,,,,of.y.:•:* • ~ ‘.. Aii,,,,.. ........iii*, -. '-',;,,t_ '447,1;4- ;14,,,,...,,,*,,,,",,i1,;,. V.,• ' . ....2.kr;C:.!; ....,•:-...'": '''-‘,...,..i.,,;':3:)605,A.,,,„'•;"'";-, ....;;;4,73:1„.' sf.qti.i.,-.A...0',.:;., .. ~,...;:',-; . :4..1 .k 'S--- •• - ...,..-4 . ~:-....,-f.'..Y4.- :.r' t 7'44' 41,,,.....1.:,,÷:" ', .....:•e- ...-.X.ig.*:4'.... ' •-. '......4iti:104 1P"...T.)::.,30.V,''',-• s.' ',,, - :',',,,0,..: .., ~..:.;,,,, . $.,, .- 1, 'A, ;;; ,?'.44‘. '.;,,••4,3rigi,.Zipte.:44'484.,„5:-.. 'tpto, , .....;•:.ft'•:::•',.....,....*,'., 4",.... • /....i,..tc...0+4.,,,:it,,kr,•:-,„ ~: .:'., ..., :•• ';•,,,t,,k4t,Fik,:,k1,,1•400',..,'••• .'",t4g ' ....... ~ • '''"•-:(2..' ".-'l*"..W-g( ... ..::::I.V:. 1''.1,,,,4-:..'-• -..: .'',.4C,f,. "IP V 1:a". - '''...::,:....1...1-....;',' l','Eit*:',..'„..'7. ' ;.'... -..•:1 •.. • ' 'i.-.:':.':.f..!1.., 3-4a,,;..i. ~..':::. . :::'.1141.,.*:•::i,....,,,.,..i:H...1,,ittrm '.?;.: 1..,"'•:-.4.4... ~-,,t77;',."-1. H..-•.;.::).:.;.:4:.i. ~,to.r• \ ... - • ••-...,71-::...,...;:.4.,....,...i-N".4vl ...F'..:: ~.:.:: R 1..,":::.wp.:;'..i.',,ttit4,...;:.''ff, ..:':i.<,?-1,,,...,:;;i:.4y.".:,:'-' , ... ~ ~ '..N4,;.7...,...,,,,,.:z„,,,tt1,,.,;.--,.,....5., ~,,-.4,•;.>.P' :,; ''... -. ,*ps - ~A4,lY:Lik.,,:';,. _,:••••_...V..t..t. 7Y,,,4' ',.7%*: h., t ',. ... - • - . `,-•.,,44.,••••',' •••:...,'' ::: ••:•,....'•:'..4r,',. .:04:: fi.44 -:4,.iezii.sc,. 4.-e:omoltv.c4,gefi:i.- .- -_ 2,- . . . . " ... , ... ~. ......i44, !..,, .. 4.,,....,,,t. ..., • • ..,c.,,.% ~.,...;...,....., ",y,ft:•-..2,,,,,_-•", ~,,,,,,...w-V.,:. -••:',,, ..' . ~... ~ . . , . . , ~ .-',...., •-.- ..-4...,.........1, •-. . . '•i''•;.4 -F0,.3‘0•91..1e4;4;t44;424§,t7r '... •••„. . :'-',..r.:•;:k”, ~,f.- ''''''.'W' .., :41440;*atX4',7,14t,i:ii •,--,."*.?;t41;,,-, .• --'''. '' .........;',;i'44,.,':'::-.T..W., '''''A5t4LAWA:4•40.44:fte.„,,,,,05,„:*,.... ,_,„,,h,..., , 4,1/0 • - , -..0..,..,•>:.4<tti,:•,`,..,.z,.; ...,*„.".:1,,,.. ji.,,,'' ..4:::i,„4,••:". •-••::::::-•th'::".• ' ''',.;;•+.3ta'44'''..:•-• - ' - SILVER TROWEL TO BE PRESENTED TO THE MAYOR.

past, because they denied their sacred obligations to the Creator. Is the Creator to be monopolised by the l'ory Party? What arrogant blasphemy 1 When 'these people speak so dogmatically, about religion, do they mean the Christian faith, or their own particular dogmas? Christianity has existed in this country for over 1,800 years without de assistance of the Primrose League, and it will continue to exist, when this institution is dead and forgotten. Fortunately for the audience at this gathering, the newspaper report tells us that an enjoyable entertain- ment followed the speeches. The ventriloquist, the singers, and the pianoforte soloist, provided some com- pensations for the quality of the speeches. The badge of this institution is the beautiful Prim- rose. It is a. pity that so innocent an emblem 4hould be used in such a connection. Poor little primrose, simple flower Thine is a mournful story, What dreadful deed, play bast thou done Thus to be dubbed a Tory. k Once thou wert loved for thine own sake By all who might come near thee, But since a noble Earl " pegged out" A Liberal may not wear thee. But what is that I hear thee say, With mischief in each dimple They claim me for a Tory, sir, Because I am so simple. J. HOWES.

IS SMOKING DANGEROUS ?—Yes. If the smoker does not use the specially constructed pipe whil prevents nicotine poisoning. Don't risk being poisone„ any longer. The Safety Pipe, ls.post free.—" PATENTS, 59, Kingsdown rd., Leytonstone.—Advt.

-- JOHN WALKER, & CO. Bewsey St., Warrington. PRINTERS, LITHOGRAPHERS. BOOKBINDERS, PAPER-RULERS. SPECIALITY :- ARTICLES OP ASSOCIATION. BALANCE SHEETS .
