===== 0002601_19071019_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
AND THEIR

ACCOMPANYING PROC gSS Z. 4 CONSULT

W. J. BARNES.

54, LEGH STRBr T. WARRINGTON.

WARRING rot; W OMEN'S LIBERAL ASF OCIATION AD PROGRESSIVE LABOUR LEAGUE. MEAT TBA AND PUBLIC DIIMONqTRAIION

IN PARR HALL, MONDAY OCTOBER 28Tu.

TICKETS : MEMBERS BD. NON-MEMBERS 9D. FREE PUBLIC MEETING AT 7,30

To BE ADDRESSED BY MISS FLOW:INCH BALGARNIR. MISS TRUDA H. CROSPIELD, J, TOMKINSON, M.P AND OTHERS. CHAIR TO BE TAKEN AT 7.30 BY ARUM H. CROFFIELD, M.P.

E PA LACE AND HIPPODROME, WARRINGTON. Di/WAGING DIRRO Po • : FRANK MAONAGHTBN. 7-0 TWICE NIGHTLY. 9-0

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21T. AND DURINCi THE WEEK. RAPOLI The World' Greiteet Artist' 3 and Sens‘ttional Juggler. WINIFRPD VA RD, The Rrnaculate Boy. LACK AND FORD TRIkL . 9 p,e Pouneer gm, the Twister.

HARRY aib-LIVS " CASRY 0011hT" bBRIHS OF Pit(IOUOTIONR.

CASEY CIRCUS • A Street Urchin's ;Idea of producing Ft Circus Bntertainment. BLSIB ant/lONIAN. Comedienne. RAYMOND'S 810- l'A SLBAUX, With New Pictures. SYDNBY LBB, The Gay Deceiver." MR. H. LESLIE BELL presents 111134 LILY PEARL AND CO.. In an Bpisode of New York Society, entitled: THH RBD LBTTBR, SUGGESTED BY THE GREAT

THAW

CASE!

Gallery, 3d. ; Barly Poorr, Mi. PIC owering the whole at the Ground Floor, 6d. ; Barly Doom 9d. Circle, le. ; /lady Doors, le. 3d. Seats In the Dress Circle can be booked at the Theatre from 11 to 3 daily, Price le. 6d. Telephone No. 60.

No 1597

'MMUME&

===== 0002601_19071019_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
, .. . ~,, ~. • , 4 il - 1.,....kmut *....... •-4, ri: /0"? .. , .. . . ... . . r, .. , . , , ~, ..„..v.,...,..:., .. ..!. ....„0„.„..i.....„, :„.... ..: •. .•. . A 4 _ ..

sArrimmurs OC3'OI3IER 19, 1907.

31)arge5, Jitogs, Itbe Stork eirr

By PosT }is' Ad. per Quarter. 6s. 6d. per annum. . gd. per Quarter credit.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

EXAMINER FOOTBALL ANNUAL

NOW ON SALE.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
Special blend of tke finest VIRGINIA and LATAKIA Tobaccos.

MEDIUM STRENGTH and very COOL SMOKING.

541. per ounce. Os. 6d. per lb.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
iiiotor ears,eveleg, Qarriaqtø, etc

===== 0002601_19071019_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
vitultural Vrobuct, plant, &r

36= VARINTINS of reliabia IfULI34 on appro. from 91. ; I 10"; o‘rriage f)'. CAt.frop.-Iffadiorr,6l%.firomwieb.

-ROYAL Sovereign S r4wberry /runner.. M.gnifieent stock es. hundred. free.—Hormr,e, 121 High at., Hull.

outs anti Emit( on Oak.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
enuration.

FRICR BOX NIII.IV Pll L. li., frr o,on.tipvion, Indi- gegtion, Lirer.—NuLiv Co., 20, White,riars st.,

PPIA the only sure cure for bleeding piles All &enlists, 1. -PILO Co. TWAlg.r et., Burnley.

RH RUM ATM I) A rit tiriti • perrnaner,ly cured by sp.cial treernent t MANWAMKADE PURSING SiONIR, iieSthetlrile

1 DUTCH Dltt)Pn FOR PAINS IN THE BACK. Gravel stone in the )31,dder, Stricture, Sciatica, and Kidney Colic. Most, available tor old standing Wounds, Is., Is 9d., per bottle, ros- free In consequence of so man, worthless so called Dutch Drops in the market, see th4t you get the n4rne of 3, IiLHOZ, on every bottle and wrapper, or t send dit net to 272. NEW GOULQTOV ST.. fiLDGITE. LONDON, B.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
- - - - - - MANCHESTER, TEETH HAVE OPENED AT TEETH 14, SANKEY ST., TEETH WARRINGTON.

AND WILL ATTEND TEETH 'EVERY WEDNESDAY 11 to 7 TEETH Branches at CREWE, NORTHWICII TEETH andJWINSVORD. (See Local Papers)

EVERY SATURDAY 11 to 5.

1?ott15, Opriros, Enartsin- 04tabss.

OURNBMOUTH.—Kingsway Temperance Hotel, Lansdowne rd., 3i minutes te,.. Boarders from 255. ; central, comfortable, muslcal.—Mrs. BWEN, Prr.prietress.

HAliflOGATK.—Bsplanade Private Hotel. 32, Montpellier- parade, near wells and baths; good cuisine; moderate terms.—Mrs. FIELDING.

HARROGATE.— St. HeHers superior i3U OWING' ESTABLISHMENT. New Wine %tided. Best position In Harroote. Five minutes from Pump Room.

LANDD ONO. ORMTSCLIFFE BOARDING RSTAB- -1-1 LIQHMIINT, Promenade,ltecreatton, Room for Dancing Mc., Billiard.. Moderate.

LONDOIS. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LTMITHD. 34 TO 40 LUDGA.TH HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON EQUARS. HONE OomPoRTB, OLutitinteas AND QUIET; CNNTRAI. FOR BUSTIrEB. OR PLEASURE.

gpartmentl, furnignb 30ottle5, Bct

RHYL, Glorious and tionnr. Special autumn terms.— BEACH, Autwer Howe, Water st., neat Promenade.

SOUTH PORT. —Comfortable APAR nw MN vs, public or Private ; Roori sea visa; terms reasonable. —Mrs. FLETCHER, 1.0, Victoria st., Promentrie.

OUTHPORT.—HighIy recommended APAHTM [MTS. ‘ excellent cooking and attendanee : perfect home co -ntorts; good gavien ; mole rare term..-74, toRD ST.

T. A NNltt-d)Ii•-•ikiA.—Superior 11'11E013MM tiOUSB 0 to Let in best part of bt. Anna + ; rtor,e minute. from station; moderate terms.— pply LAITRKLHURST, otith Drive

QUPRRIOR APAIMIRNTS, winter months, with or 1.3 without board.—RAßvEY, Mona Howie, Hockly lane, Wbniey Bridge, near Stockport.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
ilionen

pRIVATB LOA.NB.-210, repayseie lbs. mon`,hiy ; amounts in proportion ; distant), loobj5al; ; forms free —F. RUTLAND, 28, Inglis rd., Croydon.

IDIPORTANT.—The NCRTHECRN °WIN ri lIS blON.4.ltlf an., LTD. (incorporated 1875), make A.dvanles to persons entitled to property on the death of agel relatives, or otherwise in expectancy, and upon !Nantes, funds in Chancery, life haterests, aonuitiel, otrei I.urchase those intereAs for prompt cash.—SsArnsus & Krp, Secretaries, 2, Lord at., Liverpool.

"FINANCE." A CONCISE WERKLY_RROORD OF M ',mars

AND PRIORS. PUBLISHED BY

THE CENTRAL STOCK KXORANOE LTP.

(HST LBLISHED 1893.) 68, CANNON ST.. L )19DON. 8.0.

POST FREE FOR SIX tiONTRS 10 APPLICINT-S--N-ANSING

THIS PAPER.

210 to £5,000 ADVANCKI) by PRIVATti LENDER ON SIMPLII PROMISSORY NOTRS.

No Bills of Sale taken, and absolute priv,oy guaranteed. First letter of application recalves orompt attention, and Intending borrowers are waited upon by a representative who is empowerad to complete traasactfon on terms mutu- ally arranged, NO CHARGE BEING MADE UNLESS BUSINESS ACTUALLY COMPLETED. Special quotatioas for Short Loans.

Write in confidence to— MR. T. POLLITT, 30, OLDHAM ROAD, MANORIFTTER.

TOUR ATTENTION pLEASE.

I LEND £5 to £l,OOO to all Cliasse*. I LEND up,m Your Own Signature. I LEND Without Boldsmen I LEND Quickly and Reasonably. I LEND the Full Amount Required, I LEND Without Fuss or Formalities. T LEND Privately and Honourably. I AM THE ACTW AL LENDER. For further information call or write to

J. H. EuroN,

38, CHURCH STREItT, LIVERPOOL.

D TO 5 , 00 aLti LOWEST INTER

LICNT OAILY.. ST DT lINGLIRD.

E 5 loan, Repay 2s. weekly. £25 loan. Rep•ty 101. weekly £lO „ „ 41. „ £3l , „ Ps. „ £l5 „ „ 61. „ £53 „ „ 20s. ~ £2O „ „ Bs. „ £FO „ „ 35e. „ No Sureties, no nelar, S;pvlial attentbrt tc

applicants from this district.

METROPOLITAN LOAN & DISCOUNT CO., 219, BRUNSWICK ST.,,sOX.q'cRD

and at 87, VICTORIA RD„ NORTHWICH, 65, EDMISTON RD. (corn.r of Cmn N'.), CREWS, 8, TRRNTHAM ST., RUNCORN.

THE LONDON & PROVINCIAL

:LOAN CO., 46A, ISIARKET STREET, MANCHESTER, [GRANT PROMPT AND PRIVATE ADVANCES ON NOTE OF HAND ALONE, TO HOUSEHOLDERS AND OTHER RESPON9IBLE PERSONS AT REASONABLE RATES AND WITHOUT PUBLICITY.

REPAYMENTS TO SUIT BORROWERS' CONVENIENCE. SPECIAL RATES FOR SHORT PERIODS.

4,.74 TO £5,000.—W HY! WHY!! WHY!! sell, pawn or let your friends know that you are short of a little ready cash. We have plenty of money, and are willing to lend you part of it at a very low rate of interest and an easy repayment can be arranged according to your income. £5 loan l/6 weekly zr loan 5- weekly £lO loan - weekly I 24' loan 10/- weekly larger some in same proportion, other terms RS mutually agreed upon. Don't Pay 2/6 in the 2 for a month. So don't fail to give us a call or write and convince yourself that our terms cannot be beaten. —APPLY TO 'i'laillftlo4 & CO.,

31, CAIRO Si'.. WARRINGTON. MISS COTTRRILL. MANAGEREBB.

N.l4,—Read this carefully. what von cannot understand, we will expliiin; we mean nothing but honest and straight- forward dealings. I,tters promptly attended no.

WIDNIRS.

£5, £l, £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, moo. fiiDVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MBE% FARMERS. WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. tie Householders, on their own security, without delay, on our simple written promise to pay hack. FAIR AND HONOITRABI.I4 DEALINGS. K. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNRS, TOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN B. GOODWIN.

IN.B.—Warrington and Runcorn Applicant may receive Money any Evening at tbeir own Homes.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, BING-STREFT, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATS STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES. In Sums of from CO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. DAIITIEs wish in tor temporary CASH ADVANJES should note 'be advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY BOTH TO BE SIGNED THE Low RATE OF IN'THREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING To RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SriALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROW El/. No BILLS OF :1 ALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THE TR ANSACTIONS IRS NOT PUBLISHED INANY NI4,PAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SI:CRIICY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS. RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTEETIOR IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE In urgent cases a Representative SiIII oall personally upon applicants anm complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled

EFFECTIVE POSTER PRINTING. Plain or in two or more colours to make a bold and striking display on Hoardings and walls. " EXAMINER " OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

, ; II .. .J. ' ..;i: •

i- fi:', il ": ,# ,$ ...

===== 0002601_19071019_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUR GRANDPARENTS ENJOYED IT-S 0 WILL YOU.

WOMEN'S CHAT.

'4 2

;

'.4

, _

The Royal Wedding at Evesharn.—Qneen Ens of Spain is understood to have acted the part. of match- maker in bringing ahout the marriage of Prince Charles of Bourbon and Princess Louise of Franee. The wedding is to take place next month at Weloti Norton, the splendid place near Evet-hars, in Worcestershire, which the Due &Orleans inherited from his uncle the late Duc d'Arimale. It is expected that the King and Queen of Spain will be present at the wedding in which both the Royal Houses of Spain and Portugal are very nearly interested. The Princess is the fourth and only unmarried sister of the Due d'Orleans, whilst Prince Charles is a widower, he having married the elder sister of King Alfonso, who died some three years ago. The Orleans family are amongst the wealthiest. of ex-Royaltiee, and live in almost regal state at Wood Norton,where Princess Louise spent much of her child- hood. She is tall and stntely-looking,like her sisters the Queen of Portugal, and the Dochpss of Aosta. The people in the neighbourhood of Wood Norton are devoted to her, and the town of Evesharn, some two miles distant, is arranging various fetes in honour of her wedding. -

Women Teachers and Matrimony.—Some commotion has been caused among the young women who teach in our elementary schools, owing to a new departure of the Board of Education, which is likely to have a prejudicial effect upon their matrimonial prospects. This regulation, which is to be rigidly enforced, requires them to enter into a contract to serve as teachers for live years after leaving the training college, Or in the alternative to pay a fine of £2O or £25 for breaking the engagement. Such a rule inflicts no hard- ship upon men who are to be required to serve for seven years. They can marry and go on with their work, but a girl cannot. Usually girl students,ere 21 or 22 before leaving the training college, so that under the new condition of things they will be restrained from marry- ing during the most attractive period of their women- hood.

- - The Board's Point of View.—lt is pretty certain that nubile opinion will not support the Board of Education, In making such a rule operative. It is no doubt reason- able enough from the Board's point of view, which is, that it is entitled to the teacher's services after paying the cost of training the student. But although it may be reasonable. it may not ta expedient. There is too, something to he said on the other side. The student may not contribute in money to theccSt of her training, but she gives her time for some years practically for nothing, during which she might have been earning good wages in some other employment. The conditions are therefore not so one-sided as the Board seems to assume, but on whichever side the balance may he, one injustice is not remedied by retorting to another injustice, and when considered in all its aspects, that is very much what the Board's action amounts to. - •

Spiritual Warnings —A recent incident has served to revive tile question whether there are such things as portents or warnings of death, and in particular whether an audible intimation from the spirit world come 1 within the possibility of belief. There are many storks of ghostly footsteps being heard even without recourse to the legend of the ghost walk in Dickens wonderful book," Bleak House." They all raise the question how z it is possible for a spirit to produce a sound by contact with the floor, or ground, and the average man or woman is apt to recall the old tale of how the narrator of an incredible story saki, " I would not have believed it unless I had seen it." "That is precisely my attitude," said his friend. It is not so easy to dismiss the narratives of persons appearing at the moment of their death to friends at a distance. Many explanations have been adduced with the object of showing that these seeming apparitions could be due to purely mun- dane causes' and it may be so, but at the same time there have been so many occurrences of the kind, authenticated by people of the highest character, and apparently perfectly save in all respects, that one can , scarcely say with complete confidence that no spirit has ever been seen in such circumstances. Dr. Samuel Johnson, at any rate, appears to have had no doubt on the subject, and a great many other people more or less wise, have shared his belief in this kind of apparition. Woman's Talking Powers.—A French professor has come forward to explain why women excel in talking ". powers. This advanta.s is not always referred to in complimentary tfrras t..by the mere man, but it is generally admitted that women can talk faster, aturh longer, and with greater facility, than amen. Probably the great majority of married men would not be disposed to dispute this fact, although of course there are many exceptions, and the explanatien offered is that owing to more adaptable chest and limes powers, Ft woman only fatigues herself to a fourth of the extent that a man does when talking. If that is the case, and it has been tested by numerous experiments, it is fairly strong evidence that there can not he the injurious effects in the corset which many of the agitators on this subject would have us believe.

_ A Candid Kleptomaniac.—An American woman has been giving her vieas on the "divine r.assion " of stealing. She has a husband, rich and willing enough to give her anything that money can buy, and introduce her into the best Society, and yet she cannot help stealing and habitually planning thefts from shops, and from friends houses. *She is just now in gaol, but says that the thrill of pleasure which the successful planning and carrying out of R theft gives her, is more than she can resist. She has been certified to be perfectly sane, and yet says she lives only to come out of prison, and steal again. Usually our Kleptomaniscs are in the last stages of distress when found ont,and money is lavished on legal aid in the endesvonr to escape from the con- sequences of their crime. But the candour of this American who is described as a 3 onng and brilliant woman, suggests that Kleptomania is really one form of that strange perversity of human nature, which prompts us to see but little pleasure in a thing unless there is danger or difficulty in it, ‘ihich makes us want the things that others have, but when once gained, are only too often but as ashes in the mouth. Fra.nds in Fur.—The" faking" of furs has become such a fine art that only experts can be sure against being deceived, end the 'Vigilance Committee-of the Fur ond Skin Trade Section of the London Chamber of Commerce, have issued a circular, warning purchasers against the frauds most, commonly perpetrated by the selling of the manufactured article as genuine fur. ;Mink is very fashionable this auteren. but it is very often only dyed re?rmot, or musquash. These pelts too frequently pose ss sable. Seal and beaver are most skilfully produced from the common furs, and indeed those of the rabbit and the-hare con be turned into almost anything. and are sold as French sable. fox, ermine, chinchilla, and seal, whilst most of the fur that is sold as bear is really goat. Those who are contem- plating the purchase of aim- coat.coller, or stole,should insist upon a full description in the invoice, and if there is any doubt about it, being correctly described, tbit Vigilance Committee will give an expert. opinion, free of charge, if the article is sent to the offices of the Chamber of Commerce, in Oxford Court, Cannon-street, London. - - - -

The Dangerous Fur Fichn.—From a health point of view the fur bolero was bad enough, but the fur richt' , that has made its appearance this autumn is many degrees worse. Two shaped hands of fur cross the shoulders anti join V fashion the waist behind ; in the i front the bands also come together, then fall stole fashion almost to the feet. Such a wrip is graceful : and artistic in the extreme,imt one of the most dangerous ' we have ever yet had offered us. It covers the back and chest partially, leaving the other portions exposed in such a manner as to court bronchitis and pneumonia every time we wear it. MADGE. . I

C 4,

'

' „,*•••': , • I,ikt . • •' ' . - .

I ... , . .. . 1 1 I I I 1 1 1/4 .s. . . 'P:4( .146:

===== 0002601_19071019_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

FEATHER BOAS AND MUFFS

Many chilly women want a really voluminous and warm stole or boa and .muff for cold

weather, but cannot afford good furs, and will not wear cheap ones. The feather boa and muff en suite I:as ben slowly, if steadily, growing in favour for the last three winters, and it is rather a wonder, says a Queen writer, it has not become more popular, and so done to death, before this. It is certainly becoming. and by no means extra- vagant; in fact, very pretty sets can be obtained nowadays in a variety of feathers and colourings for a most modest sum. These sets wear far better than one would expect, and I can speak from experience that they are quite as durable as many kinds of fur, and, with an occasional shaking out and warming before a fire, look well for a very long time.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
DRESSING-GOWN FOR WINTER

In our sketch is depicted a useful and cosy dressing-gown for winter wear. There are many suitable materials that it can be made up in, such, for instance, as fine French flannel, Molle- ton flannel, or a heavy make of cashmere. For ordinary wear a rather deep shade of cornflower- blue might be chosen, trimmed with bands of blue-and-white embroidered galon. The gown is

a simpie sack shape, with a tucked yoke deep on the shoulders back and front, and fastening over on the left side beneath the band of trim- ming. The trimming outlines the neck, and is carried along the top of the shoulders and down the outside of the sleeves. The sleeves are full and of three-quarter length, and are drawn into loose-fitting bands of embroidered galon.

...,,, , F, ri4N-,4-.) , ,;;*.z.r.. . -,: 4 H tc-, •: %. :it :si)‘ : I • 1 . , k 1 It i •?I,l' ' ; i . \' \ ~\, -‘‘'...\'‘ I. I ,1 ' ,/ ' i '• 1 ; % -\\ 7 . A ~.... .

===== 0002601_19071019_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HUGUENOT HAT.

Some entirely new hats have put in an appear- ance, together with some models that reproduce the absurdities of the past few months, with their extravagant brims and their excessive trim- ming. One of the newest shapes is the " Huguenot," with a high crown and a rather narrow brim. Most of the hats, says P. T. 0., are over-trimmed, some being topped with enor- mous bows of ribbon or velvet, and others being crowded with plumes of a most elegant and ex- pensive variety. Again, birds and wings are seen, but always to an exaggerated extent; some hats having as many as six large-sized wings starting from • a chou in front and overhanging both crown and brim. The hat with the wide brim turned up shapely in front is also seen; and ipually this hat has its brim smartly faced with black moire, silk, or satin in a fetching and be- coming way. Many of the hats shewn are ab- surdities, but as nothing is obligatory, the busi- ness of the sensible woman will be to select a pretty new hat with which tQ greet theautumn days.

TEACHERS AND MARRIAGE.

The young women who teach in our elemen- tary schools are a highly interesting class of the community, and by the excellence' as well as the importance of their work they have established a claim to the gratitude of the nation. Sweet and gracious is their influence in the schools. Some- thing in the nature of their work—its constant call on the sympathies and the intelligence— helps to enhance their tex attractiveness. A lady teacher in the first flush of womanhood is a very fascinating young creature. But good as her marriage prospects have hitherto been, we fear, says the Doily Chronicle, that they are likely to suffer if a new rule laid down by the Board of Education is to be rigidly enforced.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILD'S VELVETEEN DRESS.

For autumn wear velveteen is one of the nicest materials for children's dresses, and if of a good quality will wear well. Our model is of a dark shade of old rose. and is prettily embroidered in a lighter-toned silk. The bodice and skirt are sepa.ritely, .onl joined by a narrow band at the waist. The fulness of the bodice iis

===== 0002601_19071019_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
OHNSTON WATSON'S EYE TEST.

Read the small print in the nemspaner at night 10 irwhes from the eye, not farther, one eye at a time. Read the following 10 feet away, one eye at a time :

ir If you cannot do this you should at once consult

===== 0002601_19071019_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHNSTON ATSON,

Eyesight and Spectacle Specialist, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

Dont lose your sight through 'neglect. Dont lose ,y( ur Sight through wearinz glasFes for which you were not tested. Few peool* have eyes alike. Difficult ra.ies d those who have never really been suited wi h glasses are specially invited to conult JOHNSTON WATSON. . Low Prices.—Satisfaction Guaranteed.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
droKeisOß IVIcDOUGALL'S Pateo SELF-RAISING FLOUR.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Satutday, October 19, 1907.

ilge ordered the coachman to take her back to • blessing though no words passed the quivering the hotel, and she was alighting when Talbot lips. After a time they sat side by side, the old drove up in a dog-car‘ He could not rest at man's hand on the young man's knee, in a the Court, and had driven in on the chance of pregnant silence. They were both overwhelmed hearing something further of "the case." He by the stupendous fact that they were father came forward with outstretched hands. and son, and they both forgot in the joy of the "Veronica, I am so glad to have met you! discovery that they were in a cell in which one What a terrible business this is ? " ° of them was a prisoner charged with wilful She juet touched his hand, and stood silent murder. and downcast As the old man's eyes wandered over the "Terrible to all of us, but moro than all to handsome face and strong, graceful figure' his he murmured, significnntly. "I need not heart swelled with pride; and, if the truth aeser- ycu of my sympathy, Veron'.ca, or that I must: be told, Ralph on his part was proud that wish you every happiness. Of course Mr. his newly-found father wee a nobleman and that Fa:Tine:es—Ralph Denby, as we must now he himself was highly born. As was natural, his CHAPTER XXVIII. cell him "—his lips twisted with a grave smile— thoughts flew to Veronica, and, as if in sympathy, ! The son and heir of the "innocence will soon be proved. Everything is the Earl also thought of her. Viscount Denby Earl! being done, and the teuth will soon be dis- "I have just parted from Veronica, Ralph," It seemed incredible, and Ralph's friends as c 'verel" he said, pronouncing the word with a lingerisg they sat in the old-fashioned room of the old inn "''s, said Veronica, mising her eyes to tenderness which was eloquent of the emotion —only quite recently raised to the dignity of an his falsely smiling ones. "Truth will prevail, which was warming the heart that had been so "hotel "—held an excited conference. and murder will out, Talbot. Trite sayings, but long cold and lifeless. "She was wiser than I, Veronica eat at the table, her beautiful face they coneole and encourage us." as I told her. How fortunate that you and she " flushed, her eyes sparkling with a pardonable YeS, yes," he assented: "The evidence—" should have met, and grown to care for each pride. She caught him up quickly. "There may be, other! If I had had my choice I could not have "I noticed the first-time I IVIAV him," she said there will be, further evidence. Someone may chosen a wife for you whom I should have been in a low voice, "that he was different from the men levee Ie ei out that night and seen or heard some- more glad to receive. And it is true love—love of the class to which'he was supposed to belong • thirg that may lead to the discovery of the man of the best kind. What a romance!" He he looked like a gentleman in disguise, and ri,:lo did this deed.,, smiled, but the cynicism had gob() out of his spoke— The Earl's son! Does he know it? e lie met her oyes unflinchingly. "Let us hope smile and it lit up the white, wan face pleasantly. Mr. Selby shook his head. He had just left se," he said, devoutly. "It is very strange. On "I hope there will be no need to delay the Ralph. that very night I had intended going for a stroll, wedding. I want to, see you happy, to have-your "No, he had been removed from the court ar,d in the direction of the woods; indeed, 1 children at my knee—l have been alone so long. before the Earl spoke," he said, "and I have not w nt, down the steps of the terrace, but I changed There are long arrears to makeup. Yes, the told him yet. Why agitate him with this fresh me mind and returned to the house. If I had marriage must take place at once." issue? Of course, Mr. Sttintsbury, one can rely oo gone on ! " The words, the sanguine, assured tone, startled on your statement, there is the miniature, and I Veronica did 'not start, bat her eyes dwelt on Ralph from his dream, . and involuntarily he the Earl has acknowledged him; but I need h's face with the woman's penetrating acuteness. looked round the gloomy cell. ,The Earl's eyes scareely point out. that if Mr. Talbot Denby lit the face did not move a muscle, followed his, and he, too, started. chooses to fight---;-" he shrugged his shoulders. f " Why are you staying heee ? Why will you • "Ralph," he exclaimed in a low voice, "I— -" And mind you, he has by ng means a bad ease • n a come to the Court ?" he said. Heaven forgive me !—I had forgotten. I—l She ehook her head as she had shaken it to thought we were sitting in the library at the at any rate,he could keep the law courts employed Vie Earl's invitation. "When Ralph is proved Court! You—you are a prisoner; this terrible for a considerable period." "When his own father recognises him ? " said i mocent,:, she said. "Until then • I shall remain charge! But it is absurd. He forced a smile, Veronica. Ii :re and near him." but it was an uncertain, troubled one. "Of Without another word she went into the hotel course your innocence will be established. It Mr. Selby smiled grimly. "There is a famous case in which the mother ' recognised '—an 0.1.1 up to her room, and sinking into a chair oust be. At the next examination they shall impostor, Miss Denby," he said. "But isn't c I.ei•ecl her face with her hands and thought. discharge you. I—l will see that they do so. there a more important question for us? Mr. ;Vily had Talbo Denby told her a lie? Why Murder !" He laughed scornfully. "As if you Farringdon--" hl,l he said that he had not been out that night? could commit a cold-blooded, vulgar murder!" "Lord Denby," murmured Mr. Saintsbury. S e had seen him in the spinney. Was he lying Ralph remained silent. His father's belief in "I beg his pardon. Lord Denby, u prefer , if you b "arise he did net wish to be a witness, to be him touched him to the heart, but he knew that it, is remanded on a charge of wilful murder ! " . c pnected with the trial ? I his innocence might not be so easily or quickly Veronica looked up quickly, and with a catch A vague suspicion—too vague, indeed, to be a i proved; that, on the contrary, he was in of her breath. "But you yourself said he ought s ispicion—crept into her mind for a moment, to imminent peril. His silence drove the smile to be discharged." .b , ilisinissed the next. The chief evidence in ! from the Earl's face, and a covert anxiety began Mr. Selby smiled again. "So I should have It el ph's favour was the absence of motive; and ;to shew itself. said if the evidence had been twice as strong, . want motive could Talbot Denby have for I "Can you not throw any light on this Miss Denby. If rain to speak plainly—" i murdering this vagrant and tramp? Yes; he had' mysterious affair, Ralph? "he asked. "I —I She was pale now, and her lovely eyes met his lied because he feared that he might have to: want you home at the Court—home !—there is so bravely, appear in the case. it was cowardly. But since I much to tell you, so much for you to do. I "Yes, . yes • oh, yes, speak plainly, please!" the day she had seen Ralph break Trilbot's stick ' am old, very old, and feeble; you must take my she murmured. almost across his back she had known that Talbot i place. The tenants must come up to the Court "Well, then, it is absolutely necessary, if we was a coward. 1 to meet you; there shall be public rejoicing, a are to clear him of the charge, that -we should The prison officials received the great Earl dinner. I want to talk it over with you, to find the man who committed the crime." with befitting respect, and the Governor himself arrange. And Veronica, Ralph!" His vofee "Someone may have killed him in robbing assisted him to alight, escorted him into the rose and quavered with a pitiful impatience and him corridor, and led him to Ralph's cell. The, resentment against fate. "I have found you, Mr. " suggested Mr. Saintsbury. Selby shook his head. "The man was too proud old man looked straight before him, his and yet I cannot have you; you are imprisoned poor for that theory to be of any service. No; waxen face set hard, his lips drawn tightly. "My here, and I—Heaven help me !—am helpless. he was killed by some person who had a stronger son—here!" was the dominant thought in his Can you throw no light whatsoever on this motive for getting rid of him." mind, tragedy, do nothing to clear up this hideous "Ralph had none," put in Veronica, quickly. i The door was unlocked, and the Governor, mystery ? " "True; but he was known to have quarrelled stepping aside to permit the Earl to enter, said- -Ralph shook his head. "No, sir, I'm afraid ivith the man, had, been heard quarrelling with. "A visitor. for you. Lord Lynborough." ' not," he said in a low voice, and pressing the old him on the night that Farringdon left Lynne Ralph was sitting on his pallet, his head rest- man's hand. "We can only be patient, and trust suddenly and without apparent cause." ing on his hand, his eyes fixed on the floor. He to those who are helping us. They will do all The blood flew to Veronica's face. "No, not was thinking, not of the awful charge under that can be done." . without cause," she said; and, in faltering which he was lying, but of the miniature, the "Why do they not discover the guilty person? accents apd with downcast eyes she told them portrait of his mother, of her dying words and demanded the Earl, testily. "Surely in these something, but not all, of this scene in the the missing certificates. His mother was Janet days, with all the modern aids to detection, arbour. Burchett—Burchett's sister. Bitrehett, Mr. they should be able to prove your innocence and Mr. Selby listened intently, nodding at Whetstone, all thought that she had been liberate you. Do you suspect no one, Ralph ? " intervals. i betrayed; and the certificates were missing and Ralph shook his head again. "No," he said. "Good I" he said. "And you would tell them there was a cloud over his birth. In the eyes of "It is a mystery to me. 1 have spent hours in this in the witness-box? " the world he must figure as nameless,dishonoured ; thought— I have had plenty of time here She looked up with a proud smile, for how could he prove the marriage, his legal turning the thing this way and that, but I cannot lam proud of it" • birth? And Veronica—Veronica who was of find any solution; nor can Mr. Selby, who has "I should like to have that girl, that Fanny noble birth—how could he permit her to unite made every possible inquiry. The man was a Mason, in the witness-box," he said; musingly. herself to a . The terrible word made him stranger in the place. Groser, of the-Dog and "Her evidence is against us," remarked Mr. shudder. Yes, he must give' her up! Owl—you know, sir, where the man lodged— Saintsbury. He'Was wording his letter to her in his mind knows nothing about him. Burchett--ah, well, "I know; but if she were about that night, so ween the Earl was admitted. He rose, and the you know that Burehett would leave no stone near to the time of the murder, she may have two men regarded each other in. silence: Ralph unturned—he can discover nothing. Mr. Whet- seen someone else— What is the matter ?" he was surprised but not embarrassed, for he con- stone-- Father "—he spoke the sacred word broke off, for Veronica had started and a faint jeetured that Lord Lynborough had come to ask in a low voice, and the Earl started, then laid cry had escaped her. him some questions; but as the Earl continued his hand upon Ralph's and looked at him with 'No—thing! she said, but her lips trembled to gaze at him with a sad and. earnest scrutiny, 31 deep tenderness. , " , and her hands closed spasmodically, he said: "Yes, Ralph?" There had been somecnie else near the place "Will you not sit-down, my lord? lam sorry "You will tell Burchett=and him—what you : that night, and she had seen him—it was there is only the pallet" have told me? You will explain ? " Althoneh the great value of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills Talbot! The Earl sank on to it, then motioned to Ralph "I will tell them everything, Ralph,?' said the for disorders of the blood has been recognised for many Mr. Selby's sharp eyes watched her sideways to seat himself beside him, and Ralph did so. Earl, gravely. "All the world shall know that I years, some people do not yet realize that these pills but he said nothine , ' Still there was a silence, as if the Earl could would have sought your mother —my poor, are equally effective for Tridigegt ion and weaknesses ofnot find his voice; then at last he said in falter- loving, noble Janet !—and brought her to the "Who is to tell Ralph that he is the son of digestive organs. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cure Indi-Court, if I had not believed she was dead." Lord Lynborough ? " asked Mr. Saintsbury in7e, accents and with a quiver of his lips: gestion by the toilic treatment, that is, through the : Can—can you not guess why I have come ? " Ralph pressed the thin hand gratefully. blood they tone and strengthen the stomach, enabling presently. it to digest food and supply nourishment to the system. "You had better leave that to the Earl. He " INo 'my lord ' Ralph. "Is-it to ask me "Whetstone also has been trying to solve the a" said This is the natural way to a cum wishes to see him, is anxious to do so the some questions? . mystery, but he has failed like the rest. Has WHEREAS PURGATIVES WEAKEN moment his doctor will permit; and I should not The Earl seized upon the words. "Yes, yes," Fanny Mason been found ?" he broke off. the digestive organs and predigested foods make them be surprised if lie' refuses to wait for the permis- h" said. "Turn your face to the light. Alt!" "I do not know," said the Earl. "But she shiggish. sion, said Mr. Selby. He drew a leeg leeeth, nod his face worked "'l shall be—nothing shall be neglected. Oh, Ralph, To the intelligent reader the experience of Tr, Ernest His surmise was a correct one, for the next I want to ask you about your early life, ,•‘-•-",!: this is part of my punishment! That you should Edgar is more then usually instructive, for the reason morning the Earl came down early, and Welford —your mother." be -here, here "—be looked round the cell and that when ordinary medicines .were taken to cure his 'followed with his lordship's hat and fur coat "My mother ? " said Ralph, with a sigh and a shuddered—"instead of at home!" Indigestion his stomach was irritated and weakened. „ . • • • • e • • contraction 0 brows W lie made is ace f his ) ' h'h' f The Governor came to the door. He regained health when Dr. Williams' Pink Pills toned Surely you are not going out, sir ?. said up his digestive organs and nave them strength to Talbot, with grave remonstrance. ' still more like the aged one beside him. "What my lord," he said. extract nourishment from food'. Mr. Edgar is is plumber "Yes," replied Lord Lynborough eyeing him is it you wish to know, my lord ?" he went on Veronica entered. She had Ada by the hand, residing at 12, Seaham-street, Newcastle-on-Tyne, and sternly. "I am going to the pris—to see my 1 rather bitterly. "She was a good mother, a and the child tore herself free and, disregarding he states:— son." good woman." The old innn 'winced. "She had the Earl, sprang to Ralph. " Throughogt last winter," said Mr. Edo:, "owing to "You will let me go with you, sir, as far as a hard life, a life of hard work and sorrow. Ido "Oh, Big Man, lam so glad!" she cried. acute indigestion I was the town ? " said Talbot. It would make a not remember ever seeing her smile." He was "They wouldn't let me come to you; they said OBLIGED TO NEGLECT MUCH WORK, silent a moment ' "We lived together till she you'd gone away, and I cwied and cwied, until favourable impression if he were seen accom- I was troubled with sharp shooting pains all over my died. What more do you 'wish to know ? " Ronica bwought me! " nanyine the Earl. . body, and the least exercise left me weak and helpless. - ' • The Earl bowed his head on his hands, clasped Ralph took her on his knee and kissed her and The Earl declined with a gesture. "Thank The lightest meal left me sick and choking. A dull tightly on his stick. "Your father ?" he seid. stroked her head. pain gnawed across my loins, and I felt dizzy and you; but I prefer to be alone," he said, and his staggered when I walked. T couldn't rest at night„ for eyes. rested on Talbot's piercingly and with Ralph s bro•vs darkened. ".1 know nothing of "But how pale oo look," said Ada, scanning my lord," he said. "He died when I was his face with grave intentnesss, "and what a ns soot, as I lay down I felt like reeling, and the room almost open contempt. The old man's heart was him, seemed to swim around me. full of bitterness towards the man—the Denby a child. The night my mother died she wished 'orrid room .00 lite in! What are you stayin' "Then I grew ,-o nervous that when T attempted to —who had stooped to rifle a safe and destroy ato tell me about him, but--it wns too late." His 'ere for? Why don't oo come to the 'otel where work the tools fell from my grasp. A languor came will; but he kept silence. The act had wrought voice broke and be turned his face away. "She papa and Bonier' and me lives? Its ever so over me, and I lost all my strength completely. I tried its own punishment, as Talbot would discover said thatthere wits 'a story' to tell pie, that she much prettier an' nicer than this ! " to exist on liquid tortrishment : but on swallowing any l possessed certificates that would prove her "I'll Come presently, Ada," he said. sensation across m food I felt a burning y stomach, later. - As the greet barouche was passing the marriage and my birth, but when I went to find obliged to stay here for a time on—business." accompanied by vomiting. Friends were alarmed at my - theta her request I discovered that they were "It must he a worry unpleasant business," she altered appearance, but held nut no hope of recovery. Roebuck, Veronica chanced to be cominsi out. m a said, shrewdly • then she glanced at the Earl. My face was pale and drawn, my eyes sunken, and ine She stopped, and the colour rose to her face, gore." p 1, (:0 ... so you 1:no w nothing of him, who or "Oo is that old' genkl man , tongue was badly furred. Nothing gave me relief, but then left it pale, and she looked sadly at the I,vhat. ,he was?" asked the Earl, almost "He is my father," said Ralph. "Will you go most remedies purged and irritated my nerves and frail figure lying back in the carriage. He saw stomach, her and started, as if he had forgotten her— 11,1111,i1),Y• and say ' how do you do' to him, Ada ? " "No," assented Ralph, gravely, and still rather Shet got off his knee and advanced to the Earl, " However, a friend urged me to try Dr. Williams' indeed, there was little room in his mind for -ad Pink Pills for Pale People. When I had consumed the anyone but the son whom he bad so strangely bitterly. "Put since I have been hero I have who h been watching the two with interest. contents of three boxes of these Dills found—then he stopped the carriage and signed heard the story of Burehett's sister, and yester- "Ow do oo do ?" she said, holding out her I 1550 AINED 'AIY LOST APPETITF:. , day "—his voice broke—"l saw my mother's hand. "I'm werry glad to see 00, if oo are Big . to her. - I b Dr. Williams' Pink Pills then began to build up my Q fl •.• • ' portrait I had seen it before in Mr. Whet- Man's father." She flew to him with outstretched hands, and - '' strength, and I felt a new man. Now T could eat food stone's She was anet Burchett, lam The Earl signed to Veronica to lift the child with relish, and digest my meals perfectly. I lost all he took them and gazod at her sadly, remorse- sure ; but my father--" on his knee—he was too feeble to lift her my pains, my back felt quite strong again. and I grew fully. ~ . The Earl 'Coked at him with a world of yearn- himself. vigorous and well." Dr. Williams' Pink Pills fill the "Will you get in? -am going—" he said . veins with rich, red nourishing blood that brings back in a low voice, lug in his sunken eyes. "Would—would you be "I Vpose you know who I am?" she said, the vigour and buoyancy of youth. They are imriealled She entered and sat beside him, and they were glad to hear that he was living ?" he asked in a looking up into the parchment-like face with a for all weaknesses, and they have repeatedly cured in both silent for a minute, then he said: low voice, fearlessness which charmed the Earl. "I'm the both sexes Annarnia, Indigestion, Rheumatism, Eczema' "You were wiser than I, Veronica; and yet Ralph started, then his lips twitched. icicle girl Big Man saved from the fire. I was and Skin Diseases, Nervous Disorders, Neuralgin, St. deserted my mother." ameop in my cot, like lam allus at night,you know, they say that blood will speak that the voice of Vitns' Dance, Paralysis, and Ladies' Ailments. Sold Nature will make itself heard: But I was deaf "No; no ! " cried the Earl. and it came on drefful hot, and the room was by all dealers or direct from the British Depot, 4(4 • dead " all full of smoke, and I was afwaid I was going and blind! And yet the first time I saw him '- • . Holborn Viaduct, London, post free, in plain wrapper Ralph turned on him swiftly. "You know to be burntod—and that's a drefful death, you 28. 9d. for one box, or 13s. 9d. for six. Substitutes there was something in his face, in his manner .. him ? " he said, huskily. know! And I was all stuffereating and losin' my are useless. so make sure that the package hears the of speech that struck me." • ' "Yes; listen, and— seven senses, and I saw Big Man rush into the li seven words, Dr. William' Pink Pills for Pile People. "I remember,' my lord," she said, her heart • " A pamphlet of particular interest to Dyspeptics and the full of pity and The Dirt bowed his head' sympathy. "I remember how aud don't, judge him harshly. He met your room, and he tailed out to me 'Ada, here I weak sent free by post on application, keenly you looked at him. . . mother when she was a beautiful, innocent girl— am, don't be afraid! ' and dreckly I 'card his "Yes; and On Other occasions something in his et ! be silent and wait." For Ralph had moved voice I wasn't no longer afwaid ; an' he took me APPLETON RIFLE CLUB face raised haunting memories. Every time I saw reel his hands had clenched. "He was above her in his arms, an' then my seven senses went • him I was impressed by the vague resemblance in rank. and—and an open marriage was, for q.uite away, and when they came back, I was in to—to--" -- , many reasons, impossible. They were married bed. Big Man had saved me from bein' burnted N.R A. Certificate Holders' Handicap. "He has your voice—is like you. I see it now, clandestinely," alive! But he got very burnted hisself, you -- murmured Veronica. Ralph drew a lone breath. "Thank Heaven!" know, and he was werry ill, oh! werry ill for This event was concluded on Saturday on the Club "You think so ?" he responded, eagerly. "Yes, he neirinured. "But why—why did he desert twite a long time. He's better now, and more Range at Appleton. Two medals were offered by the yes, he is. And to think that I sent my son her? " like he was when he oosed to take me out for Club for competition, the silver medal being won by " away from me! But you were true to him "He did not, and yet their separation sprang walks and nurse me asleep in the evenings. Mr. A. Warburton end . , the bronze one by Mr. J. Towers. y •from his fault. He was a proud man, and a weak But what does he shut hisself u • tl • ' •el pin this orm Vet onica. Igrateful forY, are o you that. You' . The handicaps were fixed on the avdrage of each corn-if not a wicked one. He—he wearied of her. Yes, place for?" you love him?" . petitor's shooting, worked out on the actual completed 1 yvill tell you all, reserve nothing; it is your The artless prattle of the child went straight "With all my heart and soul !" she responded. • scores made when competing for the Certificates. ate. He allowed her to see that he thought the e to the old man's heart and brought the tears to A further handicap of 10 per cent. in the case of her eves glowing. "On, my lord, you do not . . . t 1 ' marriage a mis a :e, a mesalliance--" his eyes. , Army men, Volunteerri, and of 5 Per cent, in the case of know-how good, how brave, how noble he is!" I understand ' said Ralph, bitterly. "Ah, "Take ner away, sir," said Ralph, rather ex-Army men and ex-Volunteers, on the averages, was "He saved the child," he murmured. also imposed. "At the risk of his life. I was there, I saw yes, it is easy fa me, who knew her, to en-ha'- huskily. "This is no ace for—for a child; for The following were the scores : it." Her voice was low, but rang with pride and stand. You speeds of his pride—hut my mother anyone," he added, glancing at Veronica. Name. Score. Handicap. Net Score. love. "lie nearly died." was proud, too, my lord. I can understand how "Would you like to come for a ride in Mr. .1. Tewer9 .IOG Received 17 123 "And you nursed him ? little she could endure to remain beside the man carriage with me Ada?" 'd the E 1 a , sal •e 4 ar., wiping Mr. E. Pollard Heaven was his eyes covertly. "Perhaps we shall see some M. S. Halliwell r, 30 117 She bowed her bead. -a The Earl stifled a Froan. "You nut it crudely; shop where there are some dolls." Mr. F. 3. Grocott lll " 13 119 good and spared him to me. von are unmerciful,' he said. "But you do not "Just as we oosed to do when I went out with "I must seethe child," he .said. Mr. 1. Broady ll4 'I 7, ' 121 _. know how bitterly lie repented when she had big Man!" 'd said Ada, joyously Mr .1. Sankey " 7 117 i "She is at the hotel staying with us." gone, how bitter and unceasing was his remorse She ran to Ralph and, flinging her arms round Mr. A. Wnrhurton 122 4 12e ; "You must all come to the Court, Veronica." e "No, when he heard of her death. He was seeking his neck, whispered: "Shall I go, Big Man ? Mr. F. C. Beenion 11,9 3 112 She was silent, then shook her head. .. Mr. P. 1). Gardiner lle 115 my lord, not until—until--" ' - her when the news re:w m. iled hi" , He seems a werry nice old gentleman. But, pi Mr. .1. Wile. ck Mr. P. Mriginn Mr. R. Thoropson tl, - 94 ar.yone ?He is icy son, my son, Veronica! How "Heaven knows how gladly he would have' She kissed him and returned to the Earl. Mr. R. Bennett 1 Mr. .1, E. Hol:in lOB „ 14 et "He is not guilty,' she saicl,very gently. "But "Heaven knows bow intense was his' remorse! How fond and how proud oo must be of him !" Col.-Set. NI. Newell le6 „ 30 9-, —hut we must find the one who is.' It has embittered his whole life until this day." "I am," said the Earl, huskily, as he held ColeSgt..J Allardice 119 71 os 81 He began to tremble. "There cannot be any I "My father? You knew him —know him? Ralph's hand. difficulty. Veronica, no Stone must be left Who is lie? Where is he ? " demanded Ralph, , When he had gone out, gelding Ada's hand, A TEACHER'S APPOINTMENT. unturned, no expense spared." with deep agitation, and lie sprang up. . Veronica flew into Ralph's arms. "No' expense is being spared, my lard," she The Earl raised his eyes and held out his "Oh, Ralph, Ralph! You know the truth, he said. Among the successful students of Edge Hill Training trembling arms. "He is here. lam your father! has told you! I tun so glad, so proud!" College Nlis Gtndy, of Queen-street, 'liarlestown has obtained the Tescher's Certificate with distinction in I music, history and geography, and passed in education He winced, thougn she implied no rebuke. "Bolton shall 'see to it, he said. "I—l—ah, as an optional sueject.—Mies Gandy has got an Rennin,. what can I do!" They had reached the prison ,re, meat as assistant mistress at the new Bolton Council Schools, Warrington, now in course of erection. ny this time, and he looked up "Ny son in there !" he muttered. at the outbaing. The left him at the gloomy portal. "I-1 1!,1e. son, my son ! " CHAPTER XXIX. e Earl's trembline hands rested on Ralph's . .. need as he instinctively and unconsciously knelt to receive his father's bless:lie, for it was a 1 Ralph Pressed her to him and kissed her , passionately. "And ham glad and proud—for your .. ' sake, dearest," he said in a lav voice. "Sh:01 I conless, Veronica, that ' the—the difference between us—the difference betweennobly you, born, and I, just Ralph Farringdon, the game- will we him later." she mu Mured. _ keeper•—sometimes made me iinhaPPY ? "

arranged in large pleats and is opened to the waist-line, to show a vest of closely-gathered old- rose silk. which is attached to the dress, and fastens down the left side. The large collar is embroidered with sflk. and finished at each side in a short pointed strap, which is also embroi- dered. The full sleeves are drawn into small embroidered cuffs, and the belt is embroidered and finished with a knot and short mitred tabs.

"Yes.

"Yes. I

" He

"Miss Denby,

"I'm

"He thought her

Gave 1 „ • 4

"No, Ralph." she retorted, smiling up at him. "I should never have suspected you of such-- humility! Why, sir, you always treated me alkif I were the inferior—as I was, as I was, and always shall be, dearest!" "But Veronica," he said, gravely, and after a reuse, "I may be, I feel that I am, the Earl's soli, but my claim has not been proved. There • is Mr. Talbot Denby; he is the next heir, you know, and he will have something to say to it. He does not bear me any goodwill, Veronica, and he will no doubt dispute my claim • indeed, he will be justified in doing so." "But he does not," said Veronica. "I have just seen him, and he spoke as if he admitted your identity and did not intend to dispute it." Ralph frowned thoughtfully. "That's strange," he said. "Mr. Talbot Denby has no liking for me—you remember our little set-to by the river ? " _ _

_ "Do you think I forget anything concerning you?" she murmured, her head resting on his breast, her eyes, with love beaming from them, turned up to his. "It is strange that he should so readily, so promptly resign the earldom. An earldom ! Heavens ! I can scarcely realise it. But lam glad, dearest, for if I should be an Earl, you will be a Countess and that is a fitting rank for you. Ah !" he broke off sharply, "here I am talking of the future as if it were all bright and assured, and—and—" he looked round the cell.

Womanlike her courage rose to cheer his momentary despondency. "It will not be far long, Ralph," she whispered. "The truth will prevail." "After—when it is too late," he said, more to himself than to her; then, as if ashamed of his doubts and fears he added quickly: "Yes, yes, that's a good motto, dearest. The truth will prevail." There was a pause, then she said, hesitatingly: "You did not know that I was out that—that night, Ralph, the night of the—the night you left?"

"No," he assented, absently. "Yes, I was. I went to the hut. I went to see you, to tell you that I could not let you go, surrender you. I saw Burehett and learnt you had gone. And—l saw someone else." "Yes ?" ho said. "Who was it ? " "It was Talbot. Ho was walking from the wood."

Ralph nodded. "Yes?" he said. "He was taking an after-dinner stroll. He saw no one, I

suppose?" "I have not asked him," replied Veronica in a low voice, "for just now he told me—he volunteered the information—that he had not left the terrace that night." Ralph nodded. "He had forgotten, I suppose," he said, still absently. ' "You think it is of little, of no consequence ? " he asked. _ _ _

He shook his head. "Why should it be, dearest ?" he said. "If he had met anyone ho would have mentioned it You are not thinking there can. be any connection between Talbot Denby and the murder, are you ? " he added, with a grave smile. "How could there be? They could not have known each other, could have had no reason for quarrelling." Veronica shook her head. "No, I see there can be no connection; but, oh Ralph, every little thing, light and trivial and irrelevant as it may seem, has weight for me. And why did he say he did not leave the terrace that night, When I saw him—l saw himitin the wood ? ' Ralph shrugged his shoulders. "Can't say," he responded. 'But don't let us think any more of this terrible murder, Veronica. I want to talk about yourself, what you are doing, whether you are keeping well. You look pale and harassed. Dearest, you will be ill. And that will be the worst misfortune that can happen to me. My dear, brave-hearted darling, remember 'Truth will prevail.' "

The fact that the great Earl of Lynborough had acknowledged Ralph Farringdon as his son, and heir ran through the county like quicksilver. penetrated to London, and, of course, intensified - the interest which the Lynborough murder case was exeiting. At the second examination the great London newspapers sent their special reporters, and the small court-house was crammed with people, while an excited mob surged and overflowed the street in which the building stood, so that the eminent counsel from town and other persons engaged in the case had to•• fight their way in. Though Dr. Thorne and Talbot, and even Veronica, had implored the Earl to absent him- self he had driven down to the court and had taken a seat just below the Bench, for it would not have been seemly for him to sit upon the Bench itself. The appearance of tho bent, frail figure, with its white and haggard face, from which the dark eyes shone with a half- pathetic,. half-fierce and defiant expression, caused a "sensation" in the packed court. But the old man seemed quite unconscious of the interest and excitement his presence aroused, and leaning back in,his chair fixed his eyes, on the dock as if he were waiting for the appear-- ance of the prisoner. Presently Ralph came in with a couple of con-. stoles by his side. He was pale, but perfectly v.lf-possessed, and he looked round the crowded plave with composure until his eyes rested on the figure in the chair below the Bench; then for a moment his calm broke up, a look of tender- ness and pity shone in his eyes, and his lips quivered. It was for a moment only; the next ho enlm and self-possessed again, and he stood with folded arms and head erect with an air of patient attention. "Yes, he'ilike the Earl," ran round tho packed court. "He holds himself like his lordship. And look at his eyes and mouth, they be the. very same exactly, and no one can deny it!" Talbot, from his seat beside the Earl, heard the• various murmurs, and his sallow face grew still' n ore sallow.

The usual formal evidence was produced, then' Inspector Grey said: "I will now call the witness who saw the prisoner on the night of the murder. Fanny Mason!" Talbot started slightly, but controlled his emotion and forced his face into an expression' of grave interest only. "Fanny Mason ! " echoed the usher. There was a stir in the court, then an intense silence as Fanny was conducted by a policeman• to the witness-box.

(To be coniinu4d.)

Assaults on Warrington Police. At the 800 ugh Court on 3,1,n&y, It clwri Dagball,• was fined lOs. or seven days' impri,onment for assaulting Police-constahle Gibson. Early on Sunday morning _the officer heard pris-ner making a dist url ance in Hoult-Areet. He was wri-srling on the fi or with a wr rale,and when the on er interfered he cauaht him by the ankles, thrr wing him to the ground on his head.—John Conheeney, Cartwright-street, was also fined 10s. and costs for assaulting Police-consrable Clark. The officer atw the prisqner fight.ng with another man,and in separating them the prisoner struck. Clark a severe blow in the mouth.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEM

===== 0002601_19071019_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

THE VERDICT OF THE HEART.

BY CHARLES GARVICE,

Author of "Her Heart's Desire," "In Cupid's Chains," "Just a Girl," "Nance," "The Out- cast of the Family," "A CorouJt a Shame," dco.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
A CURE FOR MOPING,

A few years ago Sir Lauder Brunton startled and amused us by announcing that he frequently gave his patients "temper powders," aqd that these were very useful things to keep in the house. He has now come forward with another household prescription, which is designed to lengthen our days. and should, therefore, says the Lady's Pictorial, be exceedingly popular, especi- ally as it is a pleasant one. It is primarily a cure for ennui, and .is, therefore, given in all cases where patients declare that they do not know what to do with themselves, and are obvi- ously suffering from imaginary ills, but those who follow Sir Lauder Brunton's prescription may also certainly count on extension of life. The "temper powders" of this eminent physi- cian are actually procurable "at all chemists," but his later prescription has to be "made up" at home, for it is nothing more or less than a dose of stamp-collecting. Take up this craze, and you will never be dull; with an occupied mind and a hobby to keep you alert, you will take a new lease of life.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

LESION TARTLETS.—First line some p"tty- pans with short crust. Then blend a heaping tablespocrnful of flour smoothly with a little cold milk; pour over it nearly half a pint of boiling milk • and add 4oz. of sugar and 2oz. Of raisins, stoned and chopped fine; simmer gently until the fruit and the flour are thoroughly cooked. Take off the fire, and when cool add to the in- gredients the beaten yolks of two eggs, one tablespoonful of slightly-warmed butter, and the grated rind and the juice of one lemon. Fill the prepared patty-pans with the mixture, and bake in a moderate oven. When nearly cooked. put a meringue on eacn tamer, Inane uy wiliss.- ing the whites of the eggs to a stiff froth and mixing with it one tablespoonful of fine sugar. Sprinkle over some finely-chopped almonds, and return to tho oven to brown thoroughly.

MEAL-TIM MISERIES

Acute Indigestion Curtd by the

Tonic Treatment of

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

1-e• N ( 1 C-2) . t•-<7lfr- i'l I -E AM1....2&.. a

===== 0002601_19071019_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
Eiffel Tower BO FLOUR.

A id. packet makes 15 delicious light buns with certain success, Almond, Lemon, or Vanilla.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
PIANOS & ORGANS

All the 113e51 Makers.

LOWEST TERMS FOR CASH. GENEROUS TERMS FOR EASY PAYMENTS., OLD INSTRUMENTS TAKEN IN EXCHANGE"

RICHMOND JONES & SONS, 11 & 13 BERRY STREET, Top of sold Street, LIVERPOOL

WRITE OR CALL tort ILLUSTRATED

CATALOGUE

===== 0002601_19071019_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
~,';'.,:,:--;,.!.,:::'f;

MI

===== 0002601_19071019_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
Relief at Last

Ms Grnce Benton eufferfd from indigestion. Iron-Ox Tablets cored her. Listen to what she

says: --

5. Cottenham-rond. Tioilowar, N. stiffere4 from indigestion for many months, and in spite of taking a 'umber of remedies I was Unable to get rid of this sery distressing ailment. A friend of mine snegested that I should try Iron- Ox Tablets and I at once procured a box. After taking the Tablets regularly for a few days I found that they relieved the pain, and that the nausea had lessened. I went on with the treatment, and the result is that T am now quite cured. All the unpleasant symptoms have disappeared, the pain has quite ceased, and I am able to digest my food with ease and comfort. I am glad of this opportunity of recommending Iron-Ox Tablets to anyone who suffers from indigestion. ' (Signed), GRACE BENTON.

Miss Benton knows that countless tbonsanls of her fellow men and women are to-day suffering just as she once did, 'and so she says that she is glad of the opportunity to recommend Iron-Oz Tablets. Many of those who are the victims of this nnpleasant and weakening ailment know the Symptoms well. Others fail to recognise them, and SO continue suffering. Pains and discomfort after eating, frequent headaches, biliousness, nausea, sleeplessness, a feeling of depression and weariness —these are some of Nature's warnings that indiges-

tion is laying its grip upon you. But in Iron-Ox Tablets there is quick relief and certain cure, because they strengthen and invigorate

your digestive organs and enrich your blood, enabling you to digest your food quite easily. Go to your chemist to-day, procure a supply of Iron- Ox Tablets find von will soon be free from indiges- tion and all its -distressing symptoms.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON PHOTOGRAPHIC SOCIETY.

Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of this Society was- held at the! _headquarters, Old Academy, on Tuesday. evening, Mr. I F. G. Taylor in the chair. The SECRETARY (Mr. A. C. Smithson) said the very, small attendance was no doubt due to the numerous attractions in the town. 1 THE SECRETARY'S REPORT. The SECRETARY presented his annual report which stated that the membership was the same as last Year. Pew members had been admitted and they bad taken the place of some who through removal and Other causes had resigned. It was still, however, a matter for regret that the advanteges of membership in the Society were not yet apparently realised by a large body of photographers in the district. \ The head- quarters which were at the most interesting house in Warrington were centrally situated. Their dark room With use of large dishes, enlarging lantern, &c., together 'vital a comfortable reading room itnd the use of a tine lecture room in which had been, and he hoped would continue to be. given interesting nnd instructive lectures and demonstrations by Some of the foremost Photographic workers in the country. These were some of the advantages of me-nbership for a merely nominal 'Mhscription and he hoped that every member would endeavour to bring these to the notice of any photographic 4 devotees thee may meet in the district. Affiliation with the Royal Photographic Society and the Union of Lancashire and Cheshire Societies assisted by means of Interchange of lecturers. &c., in making the progremme for the last winter session a most attractive one. They °Pened on oth October with an exhibitiOn of slides from the Royal Photo;.mphic Society and that was followed .1)1a 23rd October by a charming lecture on "Picture zlaking "by W. J. Pearce, M.S.A. Other lecturers Were F. G. tryhorn, of Liverpool, Harry Wade, Man- chester, J. Newborn. Widues, F. Higginhottorn, Man- chester, W. Riding. Liverpool, W. E. Dean Nelson. and from our own members K. F. Bishop, Ben S. Owen. Renry Bond, 3. S. Hill, Her dcl Smith, and ie President's night on which occasion Mr. -r• G. Taylor provided the members with a °R,Pital programme of a miscellaneous character. to all of these the thanks of the society were due. For session which wag about to commence they would ave the first lecture on Tuesday next and the subject would be " Flower and fruit photography" and as he thought they bad ell had an opportunity of seeing ihe delightful work in these br tnehes of thetr bobby by Mr. E. Seymour, he did not think they would charge him With exaggeration if he said that the lecture would he a real treat.(Applause.)MrSil.3.Pearce would afterwatds give them the second part of his "Picture Making" lecture. The aspect of the town was being considerably altered chiefly owing to building operations necessitated by the taking down of old property for the purpose of street widenine, &c. In the immediate neighbourhood Were interesting old houses which in the natural Course Of events would disappear. He mentioned this because, although the amateur was mainly concerned vgith picture mekine.it afforded an opportunity to place b, is services at the disposal of those whose business and interest it was to preserve for tbe time to come a record of those old landmarks .and who would welcome any Resistance in that direction. He suggested, therefore, that their services shouM be volunteered for that pur- Pose and that thav inaugurate a record and snrve: branch meml ership which would he an indication that they were willing to give their services in the direction named. Photographic survey VMS likely to develop, if it had not already done so, into a national uroject. The British Museum authorities were collect- ing Photographs in a permanent process of everything that concerned the land weloved.the mahners, customs. and oecupstions of the people. He commended the Suggestion to the members in the hope that some might be moved to take the matter up. In conclusion, he begged tO tender his resignation as secretary, as be thought. It would he in the interests of the society to do so, as be now lived out of town. The report was adopted on the proposition of Mr. DAINTITR, and seconded by Mr. DAVIES. TREASURER'S REPORT. The CHAIRMAN mid that owing to Mr. Garsidehavine S. lot of business to attend to he was not present that evening, and he thought the consideration of the balance sheet should he postponed. (Hear, hear.) ELECTION OF OFFICERS. The next- business was the election of officers and the SECRETARY proposed the re-election of Mr. F. G. Taylor as president, and Mrs. Matthiag. Alderman tennett and Messrs. J. Fairhurst. E. J. Hall, J.Harding, 13„tn., William Winsta n 1 ey,and P.Dal ton (vice-nresidents.) They were re-elected the unanimous wish of the Society. The following officers were also elected:—Committee Mrs. Lowe. Mrs. A. C. Smithson, Miss Harding, and Messrs. D. S. Birrell, K. F. Bishop. W. E. Brown, .T. Dolan and Harold Smith: hon. lanterniets. Messrs. J. Moore and Ben S. Owen; ourritor, Mr. F. .1. Eardley ; lon. treasurer, Mr. F. Garside ; auditor, Mr. A. rennington. MR. snruisoN AND THE.SECRETARYSHIP. Mr. S M,IT 11 SOI/41:who had been Invited to allow him- self to he re-elected secretary, said he could not see his ‘"ffly to aquin fnlf11( the He could tlke some little credit to himself for having placed the Society Funniest the forefront of provincial soda- ties in England.. ( tnnlaiise.) They had carried through two large exhibitions in the Warrington Art Gallery. and finished up with a profit on each occasion. htiir.) He now lived net of town, and be thought if the society was to maintain its position it • Was very necessary that the secretary should he on the Spot. MEETING ADJOURNED. It wag 'decided to adjourn the meeting to October 21) in order to elect a secretary and read the treasurer's lePort.—This was agreed to. VOTES OF THANKS. The CHATRM .pr,lposod A vote of thanks to the auditor, curator, lanternists. treasurer and secretary for the services which they had rendered during the Past twelve months.' Mr. Ha arms° seconded the motion which was carried. Mr. SMITHSON propc.sed a vote of thanks to the 'Chairmen for his past, services and for allowing himself to he re-elected. Mr:DAM-NMI seconded and the motion was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
KOCKEY.

SALE v. STOCKTON HEATll—Played at Sale and resulted in a victory for the home tedm by seven goals to two. The Stockton Herith forwards showed plenty of dash,but little science. though Richardson wns clever and always dangerous. The defence worked hari. but could not withstand the smart combination of the home team forwards. The Sale halves were a fine trio, Powell at 'centre being most conspicuous.

VVFIQ is Women as well as men are made miserable by kidney and bladder trouble TO Dr. Rilmer's Swamp-Root the great BLAME- kidney remedy promptly cures. A • chemists in ls.lo. and 2s. 3d. sizes. You teeY have a sample bottle by post free also pamphlet telling all about it. Dr, Kilmer & Co., Dept. 329, Temple 'Chambers, London, B.C.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS

Dr. Harold Joseph Resigns.

A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday undo the presid- ency of Mr. W. Houghton. There were also present : Rev. T. R. Matthews, Rev. M. Ryan, Mrs. Wilkinson, Mrs. Simpson, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, W. Gill, R. Bolton, W. Furness' W. C. Brooks, W. Flannagan, G. Mather, A. Brooks, M. W. Seton, J. C. button (clerk), J. F. Awbery (master) and A Wright (superintendent of the Cottage Homes).

THE FINANCIAL POSITION. AN' ADVERSE BALANCE. The CLERK submitted an important statement on the fi nanial position of the Union. He stated that the balance in the treasurer's hands on September 30th, 1906, was £5,333 195. 7d., and on September 30th, 1907, £2,293 16s. 9d. showing a fall of £3,040 2s. 10d. The treasurer's balance on October 17th, 1906, was £4,16365., the quarterly bills totalled £2,702 4s. id. leaving a favourable balance of £1,461 2s. 11d. The treasurer's balance at present was £1,625 15s. 5d., the quarterly bills totalled £3,593 18a. 10d., showing that whereas in October, 1906, a surplus of £1,461 2s. lid. remained, after payment of accounts for which cheques were that day drawn, an adverse balance of £1,908 Zs. sd. would result. Mr. A. BitooKs : Are we to look forward to being sold up? (Laughter.) The CHAIRMAN don't know. The CLERK explained that he had made very early calls upon the overseers. Of course, he must rely upon IVarrington and one or two of the larger parishes to enable him to pay the accounts. He was only afraid that, if the expenditure was to continue at the rate it appeared to be goingf they would not only require the extra penny they put on the rates but that they would have to spend the whole of the grants which came in this half year and upon which he relied when he did not suggest Bd. instead of 741. These grants were ordinarily made t' spread over two half years. They began with an adverse balance of £2,000 and the question was whether the grants and the 7d. would have to be expended during the half-year. RESIGNATION OF DR. HAROLD JOSEPH, The CLERK read a letter from Dr. Harold Joseph asking him to brine enclosed letter of resignation before the Board of 'Guardians at the earliest oppor-. tunity. The l!stter, dated October 13th, natd as follows' —To the Chairman of the Boarl of Guardians. Dear Sir,—l beg to send in my resignation of the post of Deputy Medical °Meer to the IVarrington Workhouse. I should like to take this opportunity of thanking the members of the Board whom I have from time to time met for their kindness and courtesy towards me, and I am sorry I cannot extend the same thanks to all the members of the staff and to certain persons, not on the staff, who seem to have some undefined connection with the working of the institution. I shall continue to perform the duties of my office until such time as the Board elect my successor, if you wish me to do so. Believe me. sir, yours faithfully, HAROLD JOSEPH. Mr. MATHER:: That letter comes as a surprise to me and no doubt to everybody in the room, and I suggest it be referred to the House Committee to investigate The CLERK: I think you must accept the resigna- tion. The CHAIRMAN: I was going to suggest that yet accept the resignation and leave the letter to be dealt with by the House Committee. If Dr. Joseph chooses to resign, of course Mr. MATHER : Yes, hut in the letter there is more between the lines. The CHAIRMAN: The least said about it at present the better. Mr. MATHER : I don't want to move that the resignation be accepted. I want to leave it unaccepted. Mr. W. C. BROOKS : I shall support Mr. Mather in proposing that it be referred to the House Com- mittee. The CHAIRMAN: The main poiut of the letter refers to Dr. Joseph's resignation and I take it we have no option but to accept it. The CLERK advised that the Board should formally accept the resignation on the understanding that Dr. Joseph would continue in office until the appointmen- of his successor and leave any other points to the cont sideration of the Rouse Committee. Mr. A. BROOKS: If there is any feeling on the part of Dr. Joseph and if that feelint, can be got over, it is quite competent for the House 'Committee to arrange with Dr. Joseph to withdraw his resignation. The CLERK: The doctor can withdraw it. Mr. MATHER said it was very unpleasant to contem- plate the resignation of Dr. Joseph whom he regarded as a rising medical man. After the clerk's ruling, how- ever, he would move that the resignation be accepted with regret and that the letter be referred to the House Committee. Mrs. SIMPSON seconded and the motion was agreed to. Mr. JOLLEY suggested that the House Committee be empowered to take such action as might be considered necessary to secure a successor. Mr. FURNESS : I think Oa is rather premature, Mr. JOLLEY : Other vise you don't give the House Committee any power at all. Mr. Fuaxess : I take it in any case if they thought flt, the plwer would be delegated to them. On the suggestion of the CHAIRMAN it was agreed that the committee should report on the matter at the next meeting of the Board. HOUSE COMMITTEE. At a meeting of the House Committee held on October 4th a vote of condolence was passed with the resident medical officer on the death of his father. It was resolved to rcornmend that an additional assistant male lunatic attendant be enraged at a salary of £25 yearly together with uniform, apartments and washing. Further that the master obtain from the National Telephone Company an approximate cost for the establishment of inter-telephonic com- munication in the House, and also for an exchange centre. The question of increasing the number of charge nurses was deferred. At a meeting on October 11th the Special Committee's recommendation relative to the appointment pf a third lunatic attendant in order to effecti an eight hours shift was considered and unanimously agreed to, the salary to he £25 per annum, uniform and indoor allowances and when this minute is confirmed by the Board the special committee be authorised to purchase all neces- sary furniture for his quarters.—The Master reported the circumstance.. attending the death of a child named Kelly, and the delay in notifying the Coroner. The minutes were confirmed with the exception of the portion relating to the increase of staff, which will be placed on the agenda for the next Board meeting. APPLICATION FOR SALARY INCREASE. gr. BASIL SHEARER wrote asking fora revision of his salary as assistant relieving officer. He stated that 27 years ago he was appoirfted assistant relieving officer at a salary of £5O. Some few years afterwards be was appointed school attendance officer for a portion of the Rural District of the Union 'tit a salary of £25. This position be held until about seven years ago when the Guatlians at his request allowed him to give up the position and gener- °lndy added the salary to his appointment as assistant relieving officer. The duties he had to undertake had increased very considerably during the past few years. He was also enquiry officer under the Education Act at a salary of VO per annum and lie wati collector for the Guardians with a commission of 10 per cent. His income from the latter appointment was decreasing each year through no fault of his own. His district comprised the whole of the Union for all appoint- ments and consequently his expenses were considerable. The letter will be considered at the next meeting.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
...nrryw-mt.'.lr4V 71%.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WICU=k;M

===== 0002601_19071019_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 19, 1907.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

By " Ovalist."

Warrington's prowess as cup-fighters was again demonstrated on Saturday when, with a team short of several regular backs, they went to Runcorn and beat the locals in handsome fashion in the first round for the Lancashire Cup. I doubt whether anyone expected Warrington to win. Even with a full team the task of beating Runcorn away generally proves too much for them, and when Fish, Brouks, and Harris cried off at the last minute the chances of Warrington appeared very faint indeed. In a League match, they would probably have lost but as the game was a cup-tie they buckled to in grim earnest and beat the Linnets fore and aft by l 5 points to 2 points.

The drew for the second round of the Lancashire Cup was made on Monday night as follows : Widnes v. Brought .n Rangers Leigh v. Warrington • Salford v. Wigan Oldham v. Swinton To be played on October 26th.

Much of the credit for Warrington's victory falls to the forwards, who realised what was due from them and fairly paved the way for success. They were the old brigade, which has done so well before in Cup-ties,and they used their weight to some purpose. Runcorn have long been on the light side in the scrummage, and Warrington played on this weakness very effectively. The conditions also favoured a forward game, rain' having made the, ground and the hall very wet, and the wirepullers fairly excelled in a style of play usually foreign to them Chief credit for the victory is certainly due to the scrummagers, who were led in great style by Thomas. The Welshman played one of finest games of his career.

It must not be thought that the hacks were no good, however. They played well without exception, and , their fielding and punting of the greasy ball was ' really fine. Tilley set a great example at full back, and seems to have quite got back to the form which gained him fame at Widnes. IKenyon was the greatest success of the I day, and the way he scored two of the three tries • proved that he is no worse for a season's rest. He has a great opportunity now, for the Warrington team is sadly in need of a class wing in addition to Fish. Kenyon seemed to prove on Saturday that there is no need to look much farther. He was both strong and speedy. Dickenson was better in the centre than on the wing, but is not running well, and Cartwright , again held his own. Isherwood was reliable as ever, and the halves fair, Jenkins shining most on the defence.

Runcorn are having a very rough time this season, and one victory out of six matches is indicative of a surprising loss of form. The team is much the same as last season, when the League Championship was almost within reach, but the men are shaping poorly. The forwards have lost their vim, and cut up badly on Saturday, while the stalwarts like Butterworth and Jolley and Walker are not the men they were. They have apparently reached the veteran age. Harrison was certainly much missed on Saturday, for Jolley would have been far more valuable at the base of the scrum and he was caught napping when Dickenson scored the first try. But ! Moran and Deakin were terribly weak and a long way below last season's form. Still the Linnets are far, from being a hopeless side and if they could unearth two or three forwards of the Harry Farmer type I am convinced they would begin winning matches with some regularity. There is much latent cleverness in the side yet, though it had poor opportunities for dis- play on Saturday.

Runcorn had a capital gate, and I was atnazed at the loyalty of the Warrington supporters. Notwith- standing the rain and the absentees from the chosen side,' there must have been quite 1,500 of them there. They swelled • the home club's returns in a way tliat made some compensation for the heavy defeat.

. • 1 The Northern. League - table up to-date is as follows For

Agst. Per-

P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. c't'ge. Oldham \ 6 6 0 018 21 99 5 7 31 100110 Hanslet Wigan 7' 6 1 0 15 20 90 6 9 :5.9 8571 Broughton Barrow Halifax York Reighley ' 6 4 2 011 11 55 6 7 33 66•66- Dewsbmy 6 4 2 0 '9 15 63 11 10 52 6666 Salford Hull 8 5 3. 0 20 19 97 10 12 56 62.50 Warrington Bramley Batley 7 4 3 0 11 12 58 9 8 42 57.14 Bull K. R 6 3 3 0 13 12 62 6 8 36 5000 Leeds Wakefield 6 2 4 0 11 73 13 12 17 62 3313 Swinton Widnes 6 2 4 0 8 18 70 19 19 95 3313 Leigh Runcorn Huddersfield Bradford 6 1 5 0 7 9 41 11 19 79 16•66 St. Helens 6 1 5 0 4 6 26 13 22 92 1666 Ebbw Vale 6 1 5 0 3 5 21 14 26 106 16.66 Rochdale 5 0 5 0 3 6 24 14 13 67 0000 Merthyr

So satisfied were the Warrington -Committee with the display of the team at Runcorn that the same side has been chosen with the sole exception that Brooks • takes the place of Jenkins. The team is : They, full back ; Kenyon, Isherwood, Dickenson and Cart- wright, threequarters ; Lees and Brooks, half backs ; Thomas, Heath, Boardman, Shugars, Belton and .1 Harmer forwards.

Fish is said to he nursing a damaged wrist, but his neglect of training is getting too serious for the com- mittee to tolerate. When is the champion swerver going to begin getting his weight under 12 stones?

The "A "team to play against Widnes " A " to-day will be: Hewitt, full back ; Jordan, Landor, Lloyd, and Harrison, threequarters ; Jenkins and Daintith, halfbacks; Jolley, Boardman, Forster, Bradshaw, Holbrook and Fairhurst, forwards.

Warring.ton will have a hard game to-day at Widnes, or I am much mistaken. The Chemicals struck me as being a greatly improved side on Wednesday when facing the New Zealanders, and some of their running and passing was really smart. Forwards they are as vigorous as ever, and the War- rington vanguard will have a severer task than last week.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ALL BLACKS AT WIDNES.

The New Zealanders are still winning. They went to Widnes on Wednesday and beat the locals comfort- ably by 4 goals 6 tries (26 points) to 1 goal 3 tries (11 points). Though Widnes had the honour of scoring the greatest rmakber of points against the All Blacks so far recorded, they r ere quite outclassed in pace and combination.. (Their third try, scored right on time, was a "gilt "—and due to the carelessness of the defence —but thoge scored by Barber and Lambert were the outcome of pretty football and orthodox half and three-quarter play.

If the New Zealanders have a bad fault it is that common to most Rugby Unionists they give their opponents too much rope on the attack. 'rhe "All Blacks" are not the equals of the best Northern Union teams in the gentle art of "spotting," and their defence leaves much to be desired. On the attack they are superb, but I never- theless think they are in some slight danger at Broughton to-day. They will meet a team of different class to Bramley, Huddersfield, anil Widnes, whereas they themselveS have not yet settled down to the. Northern Union game.

For instance, at Widnes they bled another experi- ment in the shape of playing seven forwards, one-half, four threequarters, and a full back. In the scrums they naturally did better,. and the speed and cleverness of the men behind was sufficient to make up for the reduced number. Only occasionally did the absence. of a seventh back seem to handicap the All Blacks, and that was when the home lialves and threequarters got well on the run. Then nothing but. superior pace saved the situation, and twice the Widnesians broke through. I wonder how Warrington would fare to-day if they played the same formation. With only one half,.l am afraid the threequarters would starve. They certainly would not score the points. the

===== 0002601_19071019_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
The Great Secret of Curing Skin Diseases

Anointing the skin to heal its injuries and sores and keep the tissues healthy and free from blemish is a very ancient custom of Rome. The skin is the great purifying agent of the human system. It is pierced by millions of tiny holes or pores which breathe out the impurities of the system, and it is generally when these pores are not working properly, or clogged up by the use of course salves or ointments that sores and eruptions break out. Is it to be wondered at that the very words ointment and salve to-day, ass,-ciated as they are with rancid animal grease and mineral substitutes are repulsive to the majority of people? With the advent of Zam-Buk, famed for its refinement and marvellous curative properties, ointments and salves are now being entirely discarded. Zam-Bak owes its origin to scientific thought in an entirely new direction. It is a reversion to the custom of anointing the skin, prevailing in the days of ancient Rome, when the secret of an unblemished skin was appreciated, and when the brave gladiators so seldom emerged from the arena without some gaping wound, that rapid and natural skin-healing was vital to his safety. In the scientific inquiry that led up to the won- derful discovery of Zam-Buk, two practical con- clusions were come to, Viz. : (1) That animal fats and mineral poisons were an unnatural, unclean, and harmful innova- tion in the ointments of modern times, that oint- ments and salves employing such ingredients could not, on account of their lack of refinement, be taken up by the pores of the skin; whileif any of the nasty grease did burrow into the flesh, no real good, but possibly harm was likely to follow. (2) That inasmuch 38 Nature herself first gave us the instinct to rub a place that hurts, the ideal application was probably to be found in amongst Nature's rare medicinal herbs and plants growing on the outskirts of civilization. , How successful were the inquirieft rating these lines—bow certain vegetable saps and juices and oils were carefully selected and then how costly experiments became necessary in order to refine these products, and ascertain the best proportion of each beautiful ingredients- how when the healing, soothing, and antiseptic efficiency of the pure balm had been attrined, there still remained the task of inventing new and large enough machinery for producing Zain- J3uk on a scale and at a price within reach of the most modest purse ; and bow since the attain- ment of this success Zam-Buk has justified its claim to be the world's greatest healing balm, and as such is to-day freely endorsed by medical men,, nurses, and others, and is the ever-ready first-aid and skin-cure of the British race —This story is one of the wonders of the 20th century. Zam-Buk has revolutionised existing methods of healing cuts, bruises, burns, scalds, chapped hands, cold-sores chafing, in treating in a new scientific and effective way the worse case of eczema, piles, ulcers, bad legs, blood poisoning, festering, psoriasis, scurf, , ringworm, childen's scalp troubles, soles on the back, and all those inflamed, burning, irritable and diseased condi- tions of the human skin that incapacitate and torture their thousand victims Zam-Buk draws disease out of the skin and tissues ; it kills microbes, and ends all inflamma- tion and festering; and after purifying a wound or sore, grows new healthy skin in a quick and marvellous manner. Zam-Buk because of its unique origin, it purity and refinement, and lastly-, because of its astonndieg success,in curing skin diseases, is to-day the ivorld's greatest and enly perfect healing balm.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED RECREATION GROUND.

Stockton Heath Scheme Discussed.

The latest subject of discussion at Stockton Heath is the suggestion that the Parish Council should acquire a recreation ground for the use of the children of the village. Since the matter was first introduced at the Parish meetiug in March the Council has-made inauiries and the site which appeared to commend itself was a plot of five and a half acres, in Fairfield-road, which Messrs. Greenell, Whitley and Co., offered at £lOO per acre. The firm, however, intimated their willingness to contribute a dona;ion of £lOO to the scheme, thus reducing the cost to £450. As part of the land is in Latchford Without it was decided to invite the co-operation of the Council of that parish, and they, through their chairman, Mr. George Pilling, have offered to give £2OO, less their proportion of the brewery companies offer—lo—towards the initial cost, leaving the subsequentmaintenance charges entirely to Stockton Heath. On Tuesday eveniug a meeting of ratepayers of Stockton Heath was held in the Hall Cafe to discuss the situation. Mr. J. W. Bonchier presided over a large attendance. The Chairman said the Parish Council did not see how the upkeep of the ground could be undertaken on less than £lOO a year. That would mean, in addition to the first cost, something like 2d. in the ;or the total cost of purchasing the land, laying it. out and the upkeep might possibly reach 3d. in - the R. It was for the meetiag to consider that and say whether they were in favour of going on with the scheme or not. lie would remind them that within the next eighteen months they would have new schools built in Stockton Heath, and be did not see how they were going to have them pro- vided at less than fonrpence or fivepence in the g,which they would have to face in addition if they went on with the recreation ground. _ _ . .

A long discussion ensned, in which opinion was divided as to the suitability of the site, some ratepayers contending that it was not central enough. N either was there unanimity as to whether the whole of the ground should be used as a pla3 ground pure and simple or part of it should be laid out as a park. The general feeling, however, appeared to be that the offer of Latchford Without was not sufficiently generous, as they would share the advantages of the park and ought also io bear part of the annual mainten- ance charges. One speaker who advocated another site and was told that it would be too expensive, advocated the postponement of the scheme6intil the Government had introduced the Land Valuation Act, under which they would probably be able to get ground at a reasonable price. Another suggestion which met with some accep- tance was that when the new school was erected the play- ground should be thrown open to the children after school hours, but there was considerable doubt as to whether the authorities would approve of that course. Eventually it was decided to defer the matter, for the further consideration of the Parish Council. Prior to the Parish meeting the Parish Council met under the presidency of Mr. Bouchier and came to the conclusion that the offer of Latchford Without Parish Council was not sufficiently generous.

See that you get

CHAS.

FORDE'S

the kind yon have always bought ! .._......._—_.......... /-- _ -- --01.. ES F0&L).4..,,, -- ~ us.„.. i, ,- •‘. ri_ ," •(T ra de Mark)•) r /7 . • •- ' 6 ••• •• • • . . „.. . ~`•:-::.•,,,,-,..:.•, . . .., , .. ~ . . , . _. - • : . •••• •-•- •• :. •-.•- -GAN---- . rs L.--., • _ _ ....,„;,_ FS, y.:- ,-,:-. ~, ...„ .. .0%,,, ....< • ESS LIO c , , ...,.....„,...,11 11.5111 ,• CUR E,NEADA CHEW INDICES 770 N, CONSTIPATION, , . DEBILITY, FEMALE WEAKNESSES, PILES, r ''''lll' DIZZINESS „, SALLOW COMPLEXIONS, ~.' PIMPLES A/VD ALL LIVER a STOMACH .7-ROUBLES. ,c,` 1111.• 4 )4' 1, 1.0 ,i' 1' : lq l'.\ ' /Z4' • 1/P 0 ‘li. 6‘ •111, , i. , •;:;; ,i it ~:,:•,,,. ~,,,,:,,,,,,„ ''' 0 LDS 3 TIMES .. 1 if,.. ...:: ,•,• , .''' 461. ~.. f., ~tit'''' '•;;i:i1 111'. .14 ~4 •• 81L,.!.7:113EA . tt . .., , • ,cp. • -- ~, .•., ~, -•.-- .__

===== 0002601_19071019_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
tALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] THE OFFER OF A THRONE

BY ATHOL FORBES,

Author of "Cassock and Comedy," "A Son of Rimmon," "Odd Fish," "A Clerical Cupid," "Bashful Eighteen," "A Girl of Moods," &c.

"A great fuss is always made in the Press about a nation's honour and a country's dig- nity. Neither the one nor the other really exists; there is not even the proverbial honour- among thieves. It is no high moral feeling that puts the brake on the exercise of power by one nation to crush another, but the fear of the other's strength. Of course, when another nation has to climb down, the ques- tion of dignity is introduced, but the crisis is over then." The ex-Ambassador had unbended. We were in the billiard-room of Elsdon %Castle, discussing the Fashoda business, and one of the younger Members of Parliament present was putting forward a plea for France. "Yes," continued his Excellency, "it is only the fear that the other nation will get the best of it which holds back the dogs of war. It is a grand thing in diplomacy, this suspicion, this want of trust-" Surely, Duke, you cannot mean it ? " put in our hostess.

"I do mean it," he replied, with convinc- ing emphasis. "I mean, of course, it is e great thing for this country. If nations could only trust each other, why, England mould be confronted with an overpowering alliance that would reduce her to a fourth-rate Power in less than six weeks. Of course, we all have the god or goddess ' Honour ' on our tongue ends, but that is for the mob. Democracy likes the sound of such words, but as regards nations, we diplomatists know how meaning- less such expressions are. A Miuidter gets up in the House, and expresses 'a confident hope' that matters will be arranged in a way agreeable to the traditional honour and dig- nity of the nation. At the same time, our re- presentatives abroad are lying in a %sty that would bring a blum to th-_, countenance of 'he, arch-fiend himself. Why, when I think of the dreadful lies I have told in order to keep the peace of Europe-" "You haven't had any coffee," exclaimed our host to the Vicar, who was preparing to remonstrate warmly. " Ah, thanks, yes," replied the reverend gent'.man, sitting 4• again su.tdenly. The fact was, we were all anxious to hear the ex-Ambassador, and we kicked coldly on the Vicar's contribution to the conversation, which might possibly take his Excellency away upon a side issue. Our host watched his reverence like a terrier watching a rat, and succeeded in forestalling him each time. " Talk about Jesuits," continued the ex- Ambassador, "they are not in it with the up- to-date diplomat. Take Lord Shuffleton, for example, who is a prominent figure-head of so many religious societies, and a frequent speaker at Exeter Hall. Why, this disease, or whatever you like to term it, of lying had laid such hold upon him that he could not tell the truth, or write the simple facts of a case even to his own Government, without insert- ing. the most outrageous falsehoods

T ` I am sure you -are not comfortable in that chair, Vicar," broke in our host again. "Let me pull this one - " "I am quite comfortable, I thank you," snapped the reverend gentleman, whose looks certainly contradicted his assertion. "Do you really mean that England could be invaded ? " suddenly demanded our hos- tess, by way of .getting the ex-Ambassador into some narrative, and relieving the feelings of the Vicar.

"This country has had a narrow squeak of being invaded on more occasions than one in my experience. It is only, as I said befoi e, the mutual distrust which saves us from it."

"What about our Navy t " asked a member of the company, whose earlier life had been spent in the senior service. The old Duke smiled good-naturedly, with the air of a man who has been interrupted by a imestion put to him by a child of tends. years: _ _

"My dear sir, wet have only just got a Navy. I am speaking of the last fifty years; besides, I still adhere to my original assertion. It is distrust of one's neighbour that pre- vents the unloosing of the arch-fiend upon this country." "Do you mean .to say there are no higher motives ? ' cried the Vicar, in his best pulpit tones.

"Not in the world of diplomacy, sir. Strength and, self-interest are the only mo- tives. No higher qualities than these move nations, as a rule. Certainly no philan- thropic scruples will deter them from taking us by surprise when they have consummated plans for our ruin. Leading articles indulge in these moral platitudes, but diplomatists cannot afford 'them. If once two European nations agreed to trust each other the problem of invading England is not a difficult one.!"

"1 nevei: reaa a scheme yet that had for its object the landing of a force in this country that did not carry impossibility on the face of it. Their difficulty, hitherto insurmountable, is mobilisation," said the naval man.

"That is very likely, but it does not mean that a scheme cannot be formed. You may have read much, but let me tell you of a little incident that you have not read, when this island of ours was within an ace of an assault upon its coasts, which, to my mind, had tre- mendous odds in favour of its success. You are a naval man. Perhaps you will acknow- ledge the truth of the axiom- laid down by one of the greatest strategists of the day, 'Forty- eight hours' start ir. modern Aver means vic- tory.'" The naval _man nodded, and looked wise.

"Very well. You are aware that the great Powers of Europe bold annual manceuvres, for which they' mobilise a Certain number of ships, in addition to those already in commis- sion. These vessels are fitted out on war footing, ready in every .way for action. No suspicion is ever aroused in this Country by such preparations; they are taken as a matter of course, and thought 'nothing of. The 'Press, if hard up for news, notices them, but that is about all, and the ordinary English- man _sleeps calmly in his bed, never idrerthaning of anything like danger. The French mameuvres, if my memory fail me net, are. held in July, a little before ours. The Russian and German come on a little later., All these fleets could remain in commission, without causing the least alarm, or attracting more. than passing notice among us. Thus they could have their maximum strength available when our fleet is reduced to a minimum, or may be away on some wild-goose maneeuvres in the neighbourhood of the Azores. ,Thus the difficulty of mobilisation is no difficulty at all. At least/once in each year allies trusting' each other could make a sudden descent upon us, with weapons already sharpened, when. ours have been temporarily laid aside—per- haos our chief ships in dock." The naval man looked serious. The Vicar nodded vigorously, and .he involuntarily leant. forward to hear more.

"You are qua° a strategist," said our host. "I am not. What I have put before you formed part of a plot to ruin this country, which, thank heaven, we were able to frustrate before it was put into practice."__

"Do tell us all about it," urged our hostess, as the speaker paused to light a cigar. "It is not so long ago, either. And, believe me, that iiii„me plot .will be attempted agitin.":

" Heaven forbid " said the V icar,solemnly. "You see, the advantage is with the ag- gressor; if it be true that forty-eight hours' start means victory. England will not be the aggressor, for she has too much to lose, but when we say that, we also assert in the same breath that our. enemies have. much to win. If the 'Whole of the French fleet were sunk, .it would not interfere with the pleasure, say, of Paris, because each Parisian knows We cannot attempt an invasion • with our small Army. But you will perceive that the case stands very differently in regard to us. France and Germany will have on their side- the incalcul- able advantage; they can choose the date and the mode of assault when the thunderbolt shall fall. They can 'lay their plans for a definite date, see that all machinery is in thorough order. put on ;Allard coal. ammuni- tion—in a word, inoott ?se without causing any suspicion."

‘`And this was actually done?" gasped our host.

"Yes. France and Russia were the actual

Utters, but who conceived the scheme is not known. Contemporaneously with the French manceuvres, the Russian fleets were to exer- cise with their ships in the Baltic. A note was to be served simultaneously on our repre- sentatives at St. Petersburg and Paris, de- manding the instant evacuation of_ Egypt. At the same moment the Muscovite fleet was to pass the Dardanelles, to effect a junction with their allies in the Mediterranean. While this,* was being carried out, the Baltic fleets were to join the French in the North Sea. A sledge- hammer blow was to be dealt to our fleet in the Mediterranean before they could be made aware that hostilities had begun. Prepara- tions had been made to disconnect England in her telegraphic communication with the Con- tinent and her Colonies, and to block the Suez Canal. This was the plot, and in my opinion it had, at that period, tremendous odds upon it, for those nations had come to an un- derstanding. Before we could have realised what had taken place, some of our chief ports would have fallen a prey to the assailants. Unsuspecting ships in all directions would have been captured or sunk." "What a fiendish plot ! " said our hostess, in a terrified whisper. ' "Fiendish ! Well, that is our view. They considered it rather fine. It all depends- on the angle of vision. The, other day the Japs got in their blow first with the Russians, and in one night the question of naval supremacy was settled. The Czar called it an act of foul treachery ; the Japs considered it a clever strategy. The world is on the side of the Japanese. But to , return to this _plot."

‘-` How was it deiected ? " asked- several.

" Umph ! " ejaculated the ex-Ambassador, who paused to puff his cigar. "I am sure you were the man who frus- trated it," cried our hostess. The ex-Ambassador smiled, and then tiled to look as modest as he could under a com- pliment. He continued: "Our suspicions were aroused by the fre- quent conferences between the representa- tives of these two Powers. We knew that some treachery was abroad, and the mystery caused us many an hour's unrest, but for weeks we could not scent it out. At length a German I diplomatist put me on the trail, though he denied any knowledge of the plot on the part of his Government. 'I do not know what it is,' he said to me, 'but Prince can tell you all.' We lost' no time in getting hold of him. Though a prince, he was living from hand to mouth, and treated with scant courtesy by the European Courts— you see, there are so many or them—but we managed him. In nearly all these things it is a question of price, and what on earth to offer, and how to offer it, was the puzzle. My Government is very stingy in the way of gifts. That is one of the drawbacks to British diplo- macy. However, I had to tackle the Prince, while I did not forget to drop hints 'in tain quarter that the opposivion in France had made certain overtures to us. This aroused the demon of suspicion in the bre43t of the Muscovite bear. It was amusing to s..e the whispered conferences between the Freti.il and Russian Attaches. At that time Greece wanted a King. I called upon Prince —, and in confidence told him that, although he must not regard it as official, yet I could in- timate to him without a breach of confidence that he was thought of by my Government as a suitable man for the vacant throne.- He snapped- at the bait, poor chap.. He knew he would be able to wipe off some old scores with those who had snubbed him. I watched his face. To the expression of joy there succeeded one of gloom. 'Russia is not with us in our choice, I may inform you, but we have Ger- many, and expect Frsince to consent,' I said."

Here he paused, while our host replenished his glass. "That interview is the most memorable one in my life," he said, gravely, after a sip of h;s whisky. "Thank heaven, I did not know the gravity of the situation until afterwards, for I needed all my nerve. I ,can see Prince now. I can recall the play of countenance as he wrestled with his secret. •He knew it would wreck all his hopes if allowed to suemetl, and he could put us on our guard by a wor.l. The temptation of a throne • was too groat. In less than ten minutes from the time I made my communication I was in possession of the plot, with all its details. That year there were no naval manceuvres. Every hour was spent cobbling up our ships, and nice old rat- traps some of them were. Naval estimates followed, with the present rosult, a large in- crease to the Navy, but not a hint of the real reason ever got into print, or war would have been inevitable."

"Did he get the throne of Greece?" asked the Vicar.

The ex-Ambassador smiled knowingly. "Au. you want me to tell you the name

"Then he did," our hostess called out sharply; "and I know the name."

"Na, he did not. He refused it."

"Refused it !" we ejaculated. "Ye. After the affair was over. I pointed out to him that suspicion would fall upon him as the man who gave away the plot, if England persisted in his candidattire, for the nations would wonder what hi., claim rested upon, and' it only required the mention of Siberia for him to renounce his claim. Still, after that interview he was a poor Prince no longer. Our Secret Service Fund took care of that. It was nothifig very great they gave him, but sufficient to enable him to live com- fortably." "Were you authorised to offer him the throne of Greece?" asked the Vicar, inno- cently.

The ex-Ambassador smiled broadly. "No, but that did not _ matter. To make an offer and withdraw from it gracefully is diplo- macy," he gravely remarked, as he looked at his watch, reminded our hostess of his years, Nuci begged her permission to retire. ITER END .1 •

===== 0002601_19071019_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
The C.E.T.S.

The Rev. P. W. Pheysey, M.A. who comtnenceil his duties as the firq assistant organizing Secretary of the Liverpool Di•ce.ttn C.E.T.S. in August last., has been appointed the organizing secretary front the Ist of January next. Mr. Pheysey succeeds the Rev. J. Hirst who leaves after 25 years of strenuous work. his not Mr. Hirot's intention to retire from active work but to aok,ept some other less- arduons and responsible sphere. .An assistant (lay) organiiing secretary will also be appointed. The Diocesan Branch has now become incAporated.

1 WHOOPING COUGH I. • - Relieved in one. night by VENO'S LIGH TNING COUGH Cli. Mr. J. B. Small, of 41, PArkes-streft, Brierley • Hill, gives the following interesting account of his little girl's cure, front a severe attack of whooping ! cough by Veno's Lightning Cough Cure. Mr. :.,mall I writes :—" My youngest girl, Gertie, suffered for ; three or four weeks frum a bad whooping cough. ! 1.1.;he was always worse dining the night, coughing for several minutes at a time. We tiled various i so-called remedies, but all to no good, so at last we i decided to try Veno's Lightning Cough Cure. We ' gave her ' three doses shortly before going to bed, , and she did not cough once that ,night, and now she is quite well and going about as usual." I, Veno's Lightning Cough Cure is the purest, ! safest, and most reliable , remedy extant for Icoughs and colds, bronchitis, asthma, catarrh, sore throaty hoarseness, old-age coughs, children's coughs, and all chest and lung troubles. Price 94d., i is. lid., and 2.8. 9d.,. of all chemists and drug stores 1 everywhere.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
AWFUL SUFFERING OF LITTLE BOY

Bad Sores Spread Ai i Over His Head— Grew Worse Under Doctor's Care —Cuticura Effects Perfect Cure; Bringing Relief with First Set.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
FATHER RECOMMENDS CUTICURA TO EVERY ONE

"When my little boy was about four years old (he is now about six and a half years) a spot appeared on the side of his face just under the ear. After a time it broke and spread further down. I took him to a doctor as soon as it appeared. He was under his orders for about three or four months when he was much worse. Seeing in a paper a Cuticura advertisement I went and got a complete set of the Cuticura Remedies, the Cuticura Ointment, Cuti- cura Soap, and Cuticura Resolvent. I took him away from the doctors and gave him these Cuticura Remedies. I used two large bottles of Resolvent, five tablets of Cuticura Soap, and two or three tins of Cuticura Ointment. From the first bottle he began to mend and before he had finished the two he was wholly mended. About twelve montks after he broke out again at the back of the neck and it spread all over the head. I had one large and two small bottles of Cuticura Resolvent, three tins of Cuticura Ointment, and four tablets of Cuticura Soap before I got it mended, I think it took me about three months each time. It is now about eighteen months Since he was ill, and it has not broken out again, E 0 I think he is all right now, thanks to Cuticura. I always recommend Cuticura wherever I can, and lowill always have pleasure in answering any inquiries. R. Scarth, 25 Newport Rd., Middlesborough, York, June 24, 1906."

===== 0002601_19071019_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE NIGHT TREATMENT

For Sore Hands and Feet

with Cuticura.

Soak the hands or feet on retiring in a strong, hot, creamy lather of Cuti- cura Soap. Dry and anoint freely with Cuticura Ointment, the great Skin Cure. Wear on the hands during the night old, loose gloves, and bandage the feet lightly in old soft cotton or linen.

Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour of Infants. Children. and Adults consists of Cuticura Soap to Cleanse the Skin, Cutt- cura Ointment to Heal the Skin, and Cuticura Re- solvent Pills (Chocolate Coated) to Purify the blood. A Single Set often Cures. Sold throughout the world Depots: London. 27 Cherterhouse Sq.: Perks. 6 Rue de hi, •Paix Australia, R. Towns & CO.. Xydney: Potter Drug & Chem. Corp.. Sole Props. Ger Post-free. Cuticura Book on Skin Diseases,

I—:IODD'S \\ N\ -1...m.1 KIDNEY; - PILLS S kA A 4 'ICEI_INg•__ ~f Fil eFir,tiivrlrfts,fkcPco, 1,'1A13 er Et. ot'e cofio (1i THE DODDS)100,1/'4 - .4, FARRI.-- ri fr.G' LoN Do '

===== 0002601_19071019_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
TO OTH- ACHE

OtYRstD INSIANTLY BY , BUNTER'S Prevent ie,,e Decay. oe , s , ,7 iSzeth N; es s rE, ex:er an ct et ido.n , NEURALGIA, HEADACHE, NERVINE and all NERVE PAINS removed by BUNTER'S NERVINE. All Stores, Is. lid, or receipt of amount 13, Sr. GEORGES STREET, NORWICH "As ^specific of Toothache it has uo equal. I have used it suocessfully for yeura."—Paov. W Witsor, M.D.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
BEST FAMILY MEDICINE

Kaye9s WORSDELL'S ,In Use 100 years. Pills •• Are a certain cure for Indigestion, Biliousness, Ifeadtiche, Dyspepsia, Constipation, Liver and Kidney Complaints, &c. Invaluable for Ladies Of all Chemists, I/I', 2/9, and 4/6 per hors, or on receipt amount 13, St. George's. Norwich.

SOLDIVVRRYWHERB at lc 14., Sts. e4..48.64., and 11. olrbridge9B LUNG TONIC, WO R Lerd'llß RCOUGEIS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS. AST HMA, Etc

Ti3l • • , .• Dr. SCOTT'S BILLS PREVENT DISEASE They have been specially " prescribed by a qualified • • edical man, to remove the causes sordet, and act as a tunic to the sy:stem, thus preventing diserue. ‘entle, but their restorative eta are unmistakeable in ca-es of LIVER COM. CONSI IrATION, F'..,...DACHE, and all kinored,ailments. a be obtained at all Chemists and Stores. Wrapped in squar green packages. -111 i and 2/9 per Lux.. - ' ,

MERRYWEATHER ON 'WATER SUPPLY Cc FFIRE PROTECTIO N O

County Mansions ; Experts sent to all parts to n art on Existing Arrangements.

Write for Pamphlets: Merryweather & S.lrts

63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

CLAIIKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to oure. In either sex, all ac4ulred for constitutional disahaiges trim the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the baok. Pr.,. from Mercury. Established upwards of 3o years. In boxe, 4s. WI. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throuxt • ,n the world, or sent for sixty stamps by tbe mak. s. Ths Un ooln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Li viola.— Advt.

To MOTHERS.—Mr.. Wirisw)vi's Soothing Syrup his been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers fir their childrmi while teething, with perfect 'unease. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natuarl quiet sleep, bv relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a buttock" all Chemists's. lid. per bottle.—AdvL.

V: di . whole Their action is auci beneficial eire the most obstinate PLAINT, IN DIGEF J-A• Ca:

===== 0002601_19071019_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
N=ENI

--

===== 0002601_19071019_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
• • - • # • A t : P • ,!:' •

===== 0002601_19071019_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
' t

===== 0002601_19071019_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
111112EW

be eranuner bents OP WHBK-BND NIIWSPAPHRS 0051PRISHS t— :VHS WARRINGTON is MID-CHRSHIRII 1 published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington. Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate, Lymtn. &c., being ne of the L-trztist ant Bist Weekly Papers in Lanes - hire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper cont- rives a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanes- hire and Hid-Cheshire. - -

'FMB RUNCORN BXAMINIIII, published every Saturday X morning. It Is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and Cheapest facilities to Advertisers. - -

trail WIDNES EXAMINES published every Saturday _L morning. Widnes contains the iftrgest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a pidiv growing aEsntre of industry. /FRB BARLESTOWN AND NEWTON ISICAMINER, pnblished every Saturday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Eariestown. Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Havdock, Lowton, An. The district thus moris id lid 5 tII)4G imp )ri.sat p let of the Lint:last:lire coal - ds.

rltfß ST. BEILBNS EXAMINER, publioned every 1. Eatnrday morning, circulating In St. Helens, Preseot, Parr. Sutton, Peasley Cross. &a —the centre of the Glens. ChemLa land Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APAITMENTS wANTEr. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BB SOLD.

ARTICLRIS .106 T. MISCBLLANROUS WANTS. iIkILTICLBS FOUND. MISCHLLANBOUS BALES. One Three RiE Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. fki. ... ls. 34. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 94. 27 ... Os. 94. ... Is. 104. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Od. 36 ... Is. OIL ... 2s. 64. ... 4s. Od. ... 6s. Cd. 45 ... is. 3d. ... 3s, Id. ... 5., Od. ... 71. Od. 64 ... lu. 64. ... 3s. Rd. ... 6.. Od. ... les. ed.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
13ome4tir Aterbantl, etc.

WANTED COOK -GENERAL, Early riser, Age about 24 —LivrosPon. ARM°, Conway.

WANTRD.—Superlor GIINHHAL4, Gall or wrlte.—Miss WARD, 91, Wait:may rd., Rode.

WANTED two Rood GuIcHRA.L3 references required.— PACK ETonsx HOTEL, Fi•hpool, Bnry. •

WANTED GENKRAL, experienced ; no washing. Apply Mn. J. G11340v, Dukinfleld Lodge. Dnk infield.

WANTRD, young, winkle GIRL, as GRNRRAL ; thrte in family. -223, WCCIFS NEW ED., Salford.

NVANTED, strothe GIRL, about 16: good boinc.LApply STMARDESP, Werneth Cricket Club, Oldham.

WANTED, willing honest GIRL for bower/Ink: able to west) ; confectioner. —43, JointEiner Err., Blackburn.

WANTBD, for Dining-rooms, a respectable SlitiVAN? ; able to wash.— Apply, 163, GERAT MOOR ST, Bolton.

QITUATIONS waiting for all classes of superior SERVANTS 1..-1 Apply immediately ALERT, 3,Spring Gardenr,Manehester.

ANTHD, good GHNHHAL, at once references neces- sary.—Apply RograEvog, Lambert rd., Ribbleton,

Preston.

WANTED GENBUAL, four in family. References required.—Apply Mrs. A. BLACIIII7IIBI. Castle View,

flarstang.

WANTRD. GRNRNAL SRIIVANT ; also Housemaid, for dectos's bonse.—Apply 79, noCIIDALE RD.. Royton, Lannashlre.

VVANTBD a good GRNBu AL ; reference. ; to assist when required.—apply CHgeHIRE CHEM', Bros dheath, Altrineham.

WANTHD, WM:MAL ; good references, family of four; state age, wages, Ac.-357, OBEETHAM HILL ED., :Manchester.

WANTBD, smart trustworthy GHBIIRELL ; able to wash; quiet home.—BENNETT. 123, Broad it., Pendleton, Manchester.

WARVID good GHNRRAL, aged 18 ; country girl pre- ferred. Mrs. Fottexavr, Rifle Oorpe, Duke at., St. Helene.

%IV ANUS() respectable Young GIRL as Housemaid- Waitress ; go3d character required.—Apply 40, PART ET., Southport.

NVANTFID, GIINBRAL ; lanally Iwo; no washing ; £2C-22:. —Mrs. ABMOUB, St. Cross Vicarage, Xnutsford, Cheshire.

A LINN to Miss Roetrsox, The County Registry, Victoria .111 Buildings. Mancbester, will secure you an excellent situation at once,

WANTHD, COOK-GICNBILAL. experienced, for October 23rd; another hept.—Ad frees 1. TENTERMEN ST., Bury, Laneaeh;re.

WANTED, a young GENBEEL oIittVANT, small family, good home, good wager,-832. STOCKPORT RD., Long- sight, Manchester.

WANTS!), GENERAL ; ern4ll farnilv, no cooking, 69. weekly.--Apply Suaiort,l9, Vernon it,, Lower Brouahton, Manchester.

WANTBD. good GISINISHAL Sit/WANT with reference.— Apply evenlog or by letter, 74, GREAT CLOWES ST , Brctighton, Manchester.

WANTHD for Doctor's House, COOK-CiiiNKKAL or good Gen.ral; Housemaid kept.—Dr. CLARKE. Weymouth Villa, Dukinfield, Cheshire.

ANTFD. good GICNIAIiAL SHEIVAN r, younger girl TV kept—Apply Mrs. J. Baxter, Parliament et„ Upbollanl, near Wigan.

/-100K-GRNHRAL, e perien eed ; Protestant; good refer- J ences required ; good wages ; no registry.—By letter IiVABBEN CYTTAGN, Hoylalte.

Ns, A NTE D , an experienced HOUSBM 4,TD-NV TTRESS ; good references required ; wages £l7 to £lB.—Apply 24, LIVERPOOL RD.. Chester.

WANTI4D, good :four in family; no children; small wash; wages £lB.-5, RCM RTON RD. dorms, Heaton Chapel, near Stockport.

NVANTRD. MINERAL ; beln given; no washin v; refer- ence required; wages £l6—Mr.. MAD DOCK. Moor House, Heywood, Lancashire.

WANTBD, a good GHNBRaL SERVANT; good character; comfortable bome.—Apply (IEORGIK AND Dasnow, Bennett St., Newton, Hyde.

JAHEL CAMPBELL, Select Registry, WANTS COOK, Housernald-Waitresbes, Generale ; Koocl referenc,3B, 876, to port rd., Longeiglat, Manchester.

WANTED, USRFUL HELP ; all work ; one lady; Cheshire ; age, wage, reference.—Mrs. DlcxEr, Hlggin House, Come, Lancashire.

WANTBID. GIMELtAL SIitIVANT ; no children; no washing —Address, stating wages and references, Mrs. RYDER, 98, Park rd., Charley.

WANTBD. HOUSHMAID-WAI ['RBI S; two in family reference required: ag-, over 20 ; wage. £lB.—Mrs. SMITH, Croft Bank, Heywood, Lancashire.

WANTED, MOTHRR'S ; small Servant kept; fond of chiluren ; stage age, s.dary, and references.— THE GROVE, Sonnyburst Park, Darwen.

ANTBD HOUSE-PARLOURMAID ; £2O; two in VT family ; two maids and girl ; rood plate cleaner and waitress.-24re. GPAHAM, Chrlatieton, Cheater.

WANTHD, a good GHNHHAL ; to cook, wash, for quiet family, 2 ; housemaid-waitress kept; wages £lB. Address Mrs. Smtra, Croft Bank, Heywood, Lancashire.

riAIiDENER, good working, WANTS SITUATION ; inside and out ; leaving through change in establishment.— ROBERT NELSON. Wood Close Cottage, Arnside, Carnforth.

WAN ID immediately, NUEBII-HOUSBMkID ; Pro- testant; must laave goorl reference ; state age and -wages.—Mr'. BRADLEY, 15. Norwood Avenue, Southport.

MRS. RHAD requires Waitresses, Housemaids, House- maid-Waitresses, Cook-Generals, Kitchenmaids and Superi or Generale .—SELECT REGISTRY, husholme,Manchester

WANTED, respectable GIRL, about 16, for housework ; good references; good 11me and wages to suitable girl.—tire.Wooncocx, 121, Stamford rd., Waterhead, Oldham

CCMK. thorough good plain, Protestant, age 24-3); no woe-ling.—Apply by letter first, stating awe, wages ,to.; highest references neceesiry, Mrs. LEAP, Church Bank, Bowdon.

WANTED, for the end of Octobi.r, COOK-(IKNIIKAL ; who can wash and iron; also Housemaid ; country girls preferred.—Apply Mrs. WEDD, Hughenden, btockport.

"WANTHD, IDOOK-114BIBILLL (good) for small family; referencmi require 4 ; washing ; Norse-Housemaid kept; good wager.--.l.pply 10. PREBTiN AvziquEr. Eccles. Manchester.

WANT}(I ID, in email family, good plain 000 K. or ook- General.—Apo.y, atating wages, reference, age. &c., to Mrs. JemEB ISHENWooD, Highrield House,. Heywood, Lancashire.

WAN ftiD, a Young WeiMA.S or GIRL to do fork on small tarm ; washing partly put out ; a good home for a steady pers.:mi.—Apply Mrs. MassiE, Moss lane Farm, button, Macclesfield.

WABThD, for Knutsfora, 000K-GENIsRAL, also HOUSIsMAID-W AlTlittOS; small family ; comfortable home.—Apply, stating age, wages required,Mrs.MAcatlLLAN, 8, Bt. John's ro , Buxton.

UPE,RIOIt or LADY 1:11111Wi ; one child, aged 12 months. 0 Own nurseries. Alto yowl:1g Girl as Housemaid- waitress with or without previous experience.—Mrs. BuTCnicii. West Houghton near Bolton.

WANTHD, GIRL for Octob.r 24th, as Kitcbenmaid ; age 17 to 19 ; four servants kent ; Protestant ; Rood cleaner and been out before ; wages £l2.—Apply by letter to Mrs. ZIEGLER, Lilly Villa, Victoria Park, Manchester.

ROYAL ALBNHT HD4AHD ItiFIRMARY AND DI3- PIiNSARY, WIGAN.—WANTHD. a thoroughly corn- petent PLAIN COOK, to sot as lint kitchenmald ; also several YOUNG womßN,with some experlenae in domestic 'service, to act as ward maids and generals.—Apply to the .3LIATRow any morning between 10 sod 12 o'clock.

A omeltit Otrbantl, etc.

BUIBTRY OFFIOR FOti BISILVANTB.—Idies Oirm, 34, Tweedsle it, Rochdale.

WANTBD, GIINHR&L, with good reference, 80. per week. —l. BNNERDALE en„ New Brighton.

WANT6D. —GHNBitAL SitHVANT ; no washing; family of 4.—fdrs. JEANS, 16, Bold et., Warrington.

WANTI3O. experienced GEIS WAAL ; family three; wages £16.-312, DICKENSON RD., Longsight. Manchester.

Vartntrsbipb, Suginessits.

DO YOU WANT TO SELL your Business P—lf so,nonsult Mr. CovrDELL, Business Agent. Leal) at., Warriogton

Bi:MINH/3SM WANTED.—AppIy T. COWDELL, 31. Legh it., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
I

4..,

• ?Jo.

I

, I , i 1 , ~ 1 '' : i , i ; ! ti i - ' ' t ' • ''i :', i , , .1 .. 'if,'" '':•S' 1 J. t a . 4 .1 4 ',, , ' 1 , ;',,40):: 4 '''' . i 'i, 1,4 / . ''''''''' i 4 " '.'* 1 :: .. 1,f,„:: '*; f:-, 7 , , , f , _ ..., \ ', "Ii

===== 0002601_19071019_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
AlartitHerg, etc.

TN STOCK, HYDRAULIC PRRSSRS, Pimps, llnfitnes I &c.--JAMES °BATMAN, Artillery et. Works, Manchester,

===== 0002601_19071019_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
Winntr73.

riIPDHRS MAY BH HAD at the " IixAmINER " OFFICE, Tiewrev at., Warrington, d. per load elven.

AGENTS WANTED to Sell our profitable Tem.—Write, ALDREPON, 93, Leather lane, London.

ANTHD OLD 1300K3 containing plays printed before V 1700 —W., 34, Ventnor Villas, Hove,

PRIVATII DliTHCrivms.—lnquirlea made anywhere. Confidence vuaranteed.— SLEtortTgoimEE, S. Shields.

WANTBD situation as housekeeper to elderly gentleman. —Address, MIZPAH, 93 Sterolsle rd., Shepherd, Bush

PIIIVATH XMAS CARDS. agents wanted, highest eon). pattern books free. Stamp.—HoYLa, Publisher, Halifax.

EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. Plain or in two or more colours, are the most attractive that can be produced, and make a very bold and striking display on Hoardings and Walls.

JOHN WALKER & CO., "EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

T IfdlittlVKS.—unique lines, 7d. each; 3 tur 13d. —ltiFtc, _LI 92 Glenarm rd.. London, Nit.

How to Read your Tea Cup. Illustrated book, post tree, 6d.—G. ALLEN, 24 Moira at., Liy,rpool.

I %EAR 00ALS.—Tty my valuable recipe saving pounds, J / 7d.—BARTON. 73 St. Mary Axe, London.

fit BRAT JOlOl. —Make your friends' hair stand ou end VI P.O. 6d. —WILMOTT. Awsworth, Notts.

£lO Profit monthly. Particulars atamp.—Giliali, Warrington it., Ashton under lyne.

BURKS MAGNSTIO, the quickest Waver, sets Zit to Is. —Order from Draf ere everywhere.

L•LIICTRO PLATING CO., 42, Nicolion et, litclinburgh. Ili Worn plate replated equal new Price lists free.

I\T OWING HAM. LAO H CURPAINi. marvellous v4lue, 11 prices sent free —PALmEß,33,Glothrie et...Radford. Nott..

BDilsr AfiSt )R Sw ElRTS,Ohnoolatee,Crearne etc—le. 6d. lb. —MADAM, 10. Paddenewick rd.. il4mmerernith. W.

91). lettlilt.—Patent Saucepan Cleaner, makes saucepan ticleaning s pleasure.—DßAKE, 91, St. Philips rd., Norwich.

N 11/119AX &BLit WIS DO WS,,tny siz.,ls, square foot.post free.—PARKER. Autornoto Works, aiguiey, Altrinehani.

4,2 TOVRS. —Good 8.'4. all kinds; also H. V. Pipes, Coils, Boilere.—Hicatesoir, Webs at., Camberwell

JALast Laws ; trial solicited; 5 for le.6d ; stamp, IMBRIOX address. —W. LARB,E, 104 Andover rd., Holloway, N.

LIMHRIOK Lines ! Smart, ingenious, witty. Eki, each, 3, 11.—Ltsiknicx Co„ Tankerville at., W. Hartlepool.

PICTORIAL POSTCARDS, splendid assortment ; 100. 2s. gross. 2.. 9d. prepaid. —d. LINDLEY & CO., NOWOrCharn

(-I_IINTLIISIBN (Insurance agents and others) can materially increase their income by selling a high-class hand chemical Fire Ratinguisber, readily sold to large house- holders. globs, factories, institutions, ac.—Applications with references, to Department T. C., VALOU Co., LTD., Aston Cross, Birmingham.

rlltiltATlll4 in your own homes. Lists free.-IdonEL TEEPUTRE Co.. 50, Thornhill rd..

I,`CONOMIOAL COAL, great saving, valuable recipe 7d, 17/ BARTON, 74, York rd., ir arni-et h. London

VANOYWOHIC•-100 lovely rich bright silks, seine, 10d. --61, W LNSTEAD PARK. Avenue tiouth Wangtead.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
Co be tet.

TO LET 17, FOLLY LANR.—Apply WooDs & BON Solicitors. Horsemarket Street. Warrington.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, October 19, 1907.

fßiottltaneous, On eatts. M.

BOTTLGS, Jars, Mixed Rags wanted for cast:L-6201mi 20, Chaplin rd., West Ham.

ViNEST Oneffield HAN Di/kW, 26in. post free 3s. 6d. —H. J. ALFLAT, 9. El r I tri est hnr pp rd.. Sh,-ffl4ld.

I 151 BUICK w INNIGH, 4 first and 5 consolation ; lines 6d. J each.--BNrnniiff. A rrist, ViilngAvio , Glasgow.

TYPHWRITING.— Authors' MSS eiretally executed, Bd. 1 1,000. 10d. ca,bon. —Miss Longfield ICe,nt. GUARANTIORD Cycle loom' Tubes, 2s. 91, postage paid. CHARLTON CYCLE Co., 294, London rd.. Dover.

GALVANISLD CORRUGATKI) SHIIII4T4, all warranted sound; 3ft., 93. ; 4ft„, is. ; 51t , 50. 3d. ; 6ft. is. 6d, ; 71t., is 9d. ; Bft., 20. ; 9ft., 2s. sd, ; 10ft., 2s. Bd. each ; ridgina, I. er foot; spouting. 3td. per foot. 8&R1313D FRNCING Wilt% in *cwt. reels, 224 yards, 75. per reel ; plain, galvanised wire, in lewt. bundles, various gauges. 12s. per cwt. ; wrought irin standards, Is. 38. each.—BUTLEa Bell Works, Wolverhampton. Bstablished 1828.

It is only necessary to ANOTHER compare the proposals just EDUCATION put forward by the Cougre- SCHEME. gational Union for a settle-

merit of the education problem with those put forward by Bishop KNOX a fortnight ago at the Church Congress to realise how wide is the gulf which separates the leaders of the two opposing schools of thought on this important question. Anything like a settlement by general agreement still seems as far off as ever, and it is much to be feared that, unless a more compromising spirit is displayed on both sides the country will be driven to the policy of secular schools in sheer despair. That the country should be in full possession of the views of both sides is, of course, all to the good, but no per- manent settlement will ever be reached by adopt- ing either view in its entirety. In 1902 Mr. BALFOUR completely ignored the existence of the Nonconformists. If they had been considered in the least much of the present trouble would have been avoided. But because Mr. BALFOUR was so unwise as to shut his eyes to all views except those of his own party is surely no reason why we should expect the Liberal Government to adopt similar tactics. We notice that even such a doughty fighter as Dr. AlassiE, who belongs to the " passive resister " school of thought, is con- strained to admit that denominationalism in education has its roots deep in the ground. It is all very well for Mr. flutsT HOLLOWELL and a few extremists to declare that they will not accept anything in the way of provision for denomina- tionalism of the nature of Clause 4 of Mr.BIRRELL's Bill. The extremists on the other side declare that they will not have anything in the nature of Clause 1 of Mr. BIRRELL'S Bill, and the violent opposition of these two sections to different parts of that bill was perhaps the best guarantee the moderate man in the country had that it was a fair and honest attempt to settle the problem without doing substantial injustice to either side. If the Liberal Government were to legislate in the same spirit as Mr. BALFOUR, it would only pro- voke reprisals just as the Act of 1902 did, and it is sincerely to be hoped that moderate counsels will in the end prevail, and that educationists may then be able t) devote the energy now expended in discussing religious problems to the real and abiding work of the schools. Speaking entirely from the educational point of view, and ignoring for the moment the question of religious teaching, we are sorry to note a growing disposition to suggest what is known as "contracting out" as a settlement. That means, without any doubt, allowing Voluntary Schools to go back to the pre-1902 position, to forego rates, and live on Government grants plit voluntary contributions. In other words it means going back to the days of the "intolerable strain" and gross inefficiency in the schools. We would seriously suggest that this is a very big price to pay for peace, and would fain hope that British statesmanship will fiud a better way. Besides, it would not really he a settlement, for it would mean the beginning of the trouble all over again. Once again get a Government in power friendly to denominational schools, and there would be irresistible pressure put upon them to give special grants to Voluntary Schools, and thus set up the dual system again. The Act of 1902 was grossly unjust to Nonconformists, but it did at least accomplish this, that the education of our children was made a communal obligation, and had no dependence on charity. This is a principle which ought not lightly to 1).3 set aside even to settle the religious diffi- culty. Let us fight our battles about the schools outside as vigorously as we wish, but during the fight let us all agree on all hands that the education of the children shell not suffer. They are no parties to the conflict, but surely they are the most important factor in the situation. If, we cannot agree about their religious education, surely that is no reason why we should let their general education suffer. The conflict outside the schools is interesting, and at times severe. It has already lasted, since the Voluntary Schools Act of 1897, throughout the whole school life of many children, and it may last thrciugh the school lives of many more. Really we ought to agree to keep them out of it, and not let their educa- tion suffer while we fight.

The question is now being AUSTRALIA AND debated by Australian THE NATIVE politicians whether it INDIAN. would not be advisable to permit the tropical portion of the vast island-continent to be colonised by British Indians. Too country is too vast to make it likely that white settlers will ever colonise it at all, even if the climatic difficulty had not to be taken into account. Although the Australian has strong race prejudices, he is beginning to recognise that it is better to have his country developed by Indians than to keep it empty for ever. The question at once arises as to the €ll.3ct of such a move on British India. It would almost

-47

appear that the opening up of a vast field for her surplus population would be welcome to over- populated Hindustan. On the other hand, we can- not fail to observe how slow is the movement of our own surplus population to the Colonies which are crying out for labour. The fact is that a new country has no use for any but the best citizens. The incompetent and the loafer will get on badly anywhere. The workers the Colonies want are well enough off in the Old Country. Does it not appear certain that the same considerations would apply with even greater force in India? How would our fellow-subjects in the sub-continent appreciate the influx of a few millions of the undesirables India could so well spare? The con- servatism of the East is another drawback, and, judging by the fact that the majority of Chinese emigrants belong to the poorest and least desirable sort, it would appear that this conservatism is strongest among the better-class Asiatics, and that it tends to keep them from leaving their native land. Presumably, however, the Australian authorities would only relax their strict alien immigration laws to permit the desirables to enter the country. In that case Australia might, without danger to herself, become a safety valve for India. Those carrying on the present agitation in Bengal are almost entirely educated young men, for whom there is no employ- ment of the kind their education has fltted'thern for. Give them an opening in a new country, and there is no reason why they should not prove good citizens.

In another column we pub- MR. CROSFIELD, M.P. lish an important letter from AND THE RAILWAY the Borough Member on the Crusis. railway crisis, in response to an appeal from a Warrington railway worker. Mr. C7osfield's reply is one that will give the utmost pleasure to not only the large body of railway employees in Warrington, but to the huge majority of his constituents who, we know, have the true interests of the workers at heart. It has sometimes been urged against Mr. Crosfield—quite unreasonably we think—that he is too much of a capitalist to ever adequately represent the workers in a constituency like Warrington. Nothing that Mr. Crosfield has ever done lends colour to the idea in the least, but some people are inher- ently suspicious of the man whom they think was born with a silver spoon in his mouth. Ever since he entered political life Mr. Crosfield's sympathies have been avowedly with the democracy, and since his elevation to Parlia- ment he has consistently supported the measures which made for better labour conditions. To-day he is found where all who knew him were sure he would be found in this desperate crisis—on the side of the workers and against the arbitrary dictates ,of capital. Mr. Croafield says plainly that the attitude of the Railway Directors is unpardon able and unpatriotic, and that they "seem to be a maple of hundred years behind the times." He argues strongly in favour of collective bargaining in organised industry, and his firm support to tl.ie men's claim for recognition will not only give satisfaction in Warrington, but will not be with- out effect elsewhere. We hope other M.P.'s will follow the straight lead of the Member for Warrington.

The member for Knutsford MR. KING, M.P. Division which extends

in one direction from Preston Brook to the Cat and Fidtile—is working hard to keep his constituents posted up in current politics. Between the 22nd inst and November 18th Mr. King will address no less than fourteen meetings in the division, one of which will be at Stretton on Thursday evening next. Mr. King is being supported on the plat- form by Mr. Fred . Horne (a brother of the Rev. Sylvester Horne) and by the end of the year he will be able to boast that he has addressed meet- icgs in every one of the twenty-five polling districts in the constituency. The Knutsford Division is one of the most difficult to work in the country, and the enthusiasm which actuates both Mr. King, M.P., and his indefatigable agent, Mr. J. Smith, is very commendable.

Our friend the "Observer " TORIES AND published on SAturday some SOCIALISM. opinions on Socialism from "leading Warringtoniaus," i.e., Mr. W. P. Rylands, Mr. F. Monks, Councillor Fulton-Smith, Aldeeman Bennett, and Mr. A. J. Jolley.We suppose our contemporary was emulating the" Standard" and sought adverse criticisms of Socialism, for the gentlemen appealed to are all— with the possible exception of Mr. F. Monks— deeply dyed with true Tory blue. Their views make amusing reading, and while all differ, none seem to be blessed with much understanding of the question except Alderman Bennett, whose candour has an honester ring than the remarks of the others. Mr. W. P. Rylands says " the aim and object of Socialism is to level mankind. To level up is impossible, and consequently this object can only be achieved by a process of levelling down." We wonder if Mr. Rylands expresses the views of his party when he says it is "impossible to level up." This is a sad confession for a politician with Parliamentary aspirations to make, and at the same time leads us to the conviction that the most reactionary type of Conservatism is all that is left for the "constitutional party" to espouse. Mr. F. Monks has a little more faith in the possibility of "levelling up," which is perhaps due to some lingering strain of Liberalism in his composition, but Councillor Fulton Smith would have Socialists dumped into Russia there to set up a colony "on the lines of liberty, equality, and fret srnity." We suppose poor old monopoly-ridden England is quite unsuited for anything so revolutionary as "liberty, equality and fraterity " ? Alderman Bennett sees much good in the Socialist ideal, but yet feels bound to combat it. His brilliant sugges tion is to frankly accept whatever is goo I in Socialism and "couple if: with Imperial Union and Tariff Reform." What a coupling! The progeny of such a union would assuredly prove too much even for so great a theorist as the author of "The Origin of Species." With their customary shortsightedness the Tories are booming Socialism, and sounding their own death-knell. The more thought the people give to Socialism and the more rapidly will they become convinced that, at any rate, there is no place in these democratic days for the purse- proud and privileged Tory party.

The town of Warrington is WARRINGTON SLUMS. generously provided with slum property—one of those legacies from the past which the present genera- tion finds a difficulty in disposing of. The town has also an abnormally high death-rate, especially among infants,and it has been openly asserted that one evil is a contributory cause of the other. A fortnight ago we commented upon an elective auditor's (Mr. E. England's) criticism of the state of things existing in the town, and welcomed so outspoken an opinion from such a quarter. Auditors of municipal accounts now-a-days are expected to go further than the mere certification of accurate book-keeping, and in fact we do not see that it matters much who the critic is so long as he has a stake in the town and expresses an honest desire to see some of its drawbacks removed. Mr. England's facts and figures created some stir, and we believe they have already borne good fruit. Mr. J. E Richardson, the new President of the Tradesmen's Association, alluded in his inaugural address to the amount of slum property in Warrington, and we note that a sensible list of questions addressed by the Association to candidates for municipal honours concludes with the following significant query: s.—Are you prepared to support an active policy having for its object the demolition of slum property and the remedying of insanitary conditions existing within certain areas in the borough? The opportunity for bringing about a great reform in the conditions of life among the poorer classes in Warrington lies ready to the hand of every member of, or aspirant to the Town Council. We hope the Health Committee will at once lead the way in a militant campaign against those con- gested areas which breed nought but disease and immorality.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'VW

===== 0002601_19071019_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Mr. W. Hall Walker, member for the Widnes Division of Lancashire, has voted against the nationalisation of railways in a plebiscite of the House of Commons taken by the " Financial Review of Reviews." "It would," he says, "be a financial fiasco, rendering no benefits to anyone except the pension- loving State Official."

Alderman Bennett —ever to the fore with an idea for the honour and glory of Warrington—suggegted at the Mayoral banquet on Thursday that Warrington should some day have a pageam more glorious and magnificent than the one one which we recently held at Liverpool ! Warrington had, he said, a history more illustrious than Liverpool. We should like to add "hear, hear." Warrington was a town of importance when Liverpool was only a pool in reality, and the pageant of time has brought some illustrious men and stirring scenes to our doors. « . *

"There is no law of God-, there ought to be no law of man, that so favours the man who owns property in land as to enable him to dispossess the people. . . . . . The rights of property concern a class, and are based on fulfilled duties, which concern the whole people. . . . The land was meant to serve the people's good whilst maintaining them. Without it the people cannot live, on it the people have a right to live, so it can become no man's absolute possession, to be done with as he wills."—Rev. A. M. Fairburn D.D. (" Religion in History and in Modern Life "21895.)

Though the opera in the Parr Hall has been quite a success this week, it has not aroused all the old, enthusiasm and the bookings have not been so prodigious as formerly. There was quite a wide- spread feeling that in re-producing the "Yeomen of the Guard" the Committee acted somewhat unwisely, for notwithstanding the popularity of the opera many people would have preferred to see the Musical Society's members in a new venture. Choice is not surely considered limited after only four years! We hope more enterprise will be shown next year. Either "Patience," "The Pirates of Penzance, or "Pinafore "would be likely to set the town in a " buz " of interest oncemore.. It seemed like being in a dream to hear falling from the lips of Mr. Henry Roberts at the Mayoral dinner the following sentence: "He was bound to say that he failed utterly to see in what sense or degree party politics had anything whatever to do with municipal administration." In his time Mr. Roberts has been as keen a party fighter at municipal elections as any man living. He was even credited with the author- ship of a party compact which reduced contested elections to a minimum, and in the words of critics, "disfranchised the ratepayers." Since retiring from the Town Council he has evidently seen the error of his ways. We are glad to find that in regard to politics in municipal affairs at least he ranges himseif alongside two other great men—Mr. Roosevelt and Mr. Dodds.

The meeting of the Parliamentary Committee of the Trades Union Congress on Wednesday passed a reso- lution expressing entire sympathy with the railway- men, and their regret and surprise at the attitude of the directors. It is quite evident that the men will have the sympathy of the whole of the trade unions of the country and probably in some cases their active support. In the first week of November a meeting will he held of the Parliamentary Committee of the Trades Union Congress, the executive of the Federa- tion of the Trades Unions and the members of the Labour party. The gathering will, therefore, be representative in a very unusual degree of labour, and it will consider, among other things, the best way of helping the railwaymen in the fight for the recognition of their union.

* 0 The scholarship of the London County Council covers almost every career to which a boy may aspire. Three mercantile marine scholarships of £25 each have just been awarded for the first time. The parents are required to give an undertaking that the boys will "of their own free will" enter the mercantile marine service at the end of their course of training, which lasts for two years. The boys are sent first of all cu a voyage in a training ship to Australia. On their return they complete the period of their apprenticeship in sea-going ships. The scholarship money is paid to the Marine Society, to whose care the boys are committed.

- The last cottage has disappeared from the City of London. It was situated behind the National Bank, in Broad-street, and was a regular seventeenth century cottage, with wood and plaster front, a high-pitched roof of red tiles, and attic dormer windows. For long it has been occupied by a well-known firm of stock- brokers, who carried on their business in its low- roofed rooms. They were anxious to retain it, and offered to purchase the freehold, but the bajik required it for the extension of their premises, and so the old cottage had to go. It is said to be the oldest structure of the kind in the City, though in Holborn and else- where there are several buildings going much further back than the seventeenth century.

Notwithstanding the memorial signed by nearly every elected member of the Council the arbitration proceedings in London between Mr. Lawson and the Corporation were not open to the Press. At the open- ing of the arbitration on Monday Mr. Hill, the arbitrator, heard arguments from the Counsel engaged with regard to publicity, and Mr. Radcliffe, on behalf of Mr. Lawson, opposing the admission of the Press, the arbitrator sided with him. No one in Warrington was much surprised for the attempt to get the Press admitted, though so substantially backed,was regarded as a forlorn hope. It seems to be fated that the Lawson Water Contract shall remain a mystery to the end of the chapter, even though £70,000 of the ratepayers' money is involved. The Water Committee has muddled the whole thing ever since the extensions at Winwick and Delph-lane began. Alderman Pierpoint and Councillor Pemberton have represented the Investigation Committee at the arbitration and, possibly, they may have some information to give. * * * The act of a foolish man should never be a prece- dent.—TlLMUD. To be able to discern what is true and what is false is the mark of man's understanding.—SWEDESßOßG It is expedient that once a day we read a little poetry, or sing a song, or look at a picture.—GcEthe. Be not too confident in thine own opinion, but be willing to hear the judgment of others.—Tuos. A. KEMPIS.

Get married to a good woman. That'll give you a foretaste of what will be best in the Kingdom of Heaven we are trying to establish on earth.—G-. B. SHAW.

What does a woman want with logic? Instinct carries her through all illogicalities to that appearance of the truth which she loves.—E. TEMPLE THURSTON.

The secret of managing a man is to let him have his way in little things. He will change his plan of life when he won't change his bootmaker !—Mn-c. CRAiGIE.

• o Judging from what took place in the Wesleyan , Schoolroom, Padgate, last Monday, if one wishes to spend a pleasant and an amusing evening one could not very well do better than get up a debate formed on Parliamentary lines and introduce a Bill for "Women's Suffirage." Those who advocated the women's cause extolled the virtues of the ladies to a high degree and heaped scorn on the "mere man," putting the blame for the apparent slow progress in the world and social distress and discontent on his shoulders, much to the delight of the ladies present, especially when they heard in addition that they were quite the equal and in many cases superior to men. Those who spoke against" Women's Suffrage" ridiculed the latter proposition and talked about men's superiority, claiming that he was the lord of creation, whilst woman's place was at home, &c., &c. At the close of the debate the" House" was divided, the members going into the lobbies in charge of the " Whips." Singular to say despite the "ungallant ' remarks made about them the ladies voted against "Women's suffrage "and turned the scales against the men, quite overwhelming the kind intentions of those who pretended to be keen on giving them the vote.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

T- .tf- .. , _

===== 0002601_19071019_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

Page. 9

Index to Inside Pages.

Women's Chat and Fashions. Serial Story. 3. Notes by " Ovalist " on the New Zealand- Widnes Match. Photographic Society's Meeting. Board of Guardians : Resignation of Dr. H. Joseph. Stockton Heath Recreation Ground. Short Story : "The Offer of a Throne." G. Penketh and Padgate News. Children's Corner. 7. Football. Science Notes. Coming Events. The Warrington Women's Liberal Association and Progressive Labour League will hold a joint tea meeting and public demonstration in the Parr Hall, on Monday, October 28th. Mr. A. H. Crosfield M.P., will preside and Miss Florence Balgarnie, Miss Truda Crosfield, Mr. J. Tomkinson M.P., and others are to speak. A public meeting under the auspices of the Knuts- ford Division Liberal Association will be held on Thursday in the Schoolroom, Stretton, The member for the Rnutsford Division (Mr. A. J. King M.P.,) is the principal speaker and be will be supported by Mr. Fred Horne, candidate for Ludlow Division.

New Church at Orford. With full Masonic ritual the laying of the corner stones of the Church of St. Margaret, Orford, took place yesterday afternoon in the presence of a large gathering including Freemasons from variodt parts of Lancashire. The Right Hon. the Earl of Lathom, P.G.W., R.W. Prov. Grand Master of West Lancashire, laid a stone to the memory of Mr. William Sharp and afterwards a memorial stone to the late Mrs. Beamont was laid by Mrs. Margaret Stapylton. The Price of Milk. A meeting of farmers and milk producers was held at the Blue Bell Inn, on Wednesday, to consider the wholesale price of milk. There was a very large attendance. Mr. Sadler, Crewe, had been announced to take the chair but he afterwards declined to do so, and Mr. Bridge consented to preside. Mr. Sadler then proposed that the price of milk be 2s. Gd.per dozen from the first of November to the last day in March. There was no seconder and the resolution that was finally adopted was" that the price of milk owing to the increased price of feeding staffs be five months at 2s. 6d. and seven months at 2s. pet' dozen. This resolution was passed on the motion of Mr. Longton seconded by Mr. Cooke. Progressive Labour League. What promises to be a very successful session of this League was opened on Monday evening when the large room at the Liberal Club was filled, on the occasion of a meeting called to arrange the winter Programme. Mr. J. Elwell (president of the League) presided and was supported by the treasurer (Mr. S. Wright, J.P.) and the secretary (Messrs. J. Morton and a• Howes, jun.) It was decided to hold meetings weekly, commencing next Tuesday evening. Several items of business were discussed and on the question of the municipal elections the opinion was expressed that the League should bring forward a candidate. DOULTON Tort,ET WARE and Dinner Sets. See Windows.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Wa,rrincton.—Advt. The Infirmary Ball. At a meeting of the Ladies' Infirmary Ball Corn mittee, held on Tuesday, Mrs. Pickmere presiding Mr. W. Peter Rylands resig,ned the position of hon. secretary, which he had occupied for the last four years. The resignation was received with regret, but it was felt that the duties connected with the chair- manship of the Infirmary Extension Committee made very heavy demands upon Mr. Rylands' time. Captain George R. Crosfield, who is keenly interested in Infirmary matters, was appointed to succeed Mr. Rylands as hon. secretary to the Ball Committee. The date of the ball, which will be held as usual at the Lion Hotel, was fixed as January 23rd. For PURE PORK SAUSAGES try ASHLEY'S.—Advt. Warrington P.S.A. Society. The usual weekly meeting of the Warrington P.S.A. Society was held in the Assembly Room of the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, on Sunday. There was a very large attendance. The chair was taken by the Vice-President (Mr. F. Freeman) who spoke on the limitation of Science in comparison to Christianity. An address was delivered by Mr. George W. Littler of Runcorn on the capabilities and duty of a P.S.A. member. Solos were rendered by Miss Brundreth of Lymm. Mr. Bate an old friend of the P.S.A. con- tributed two violin solos. The performance of "Home Sweet Home " recei red much applause. Mt. Warham and Mr. Heywood. also took part in the meeting. Death of Mrs. J. Eckersley. Many of our readers will deeply regret to hear of the I death of Mrs. Margaret Eckersley, wife of Mr. J. Eckersley, baker and confectioner, Padgate-lane,which I took place on Sunday afternoon, at the early age of 39 I Years. The deceased lady, who was a daughter of the late Mr. Roger Hind, had been in a delicate state of ' health for some months and a prolonged stay at r Colwyn Bay, unfortunately, failed to bring about the much desired improvement. Latterly the decline was More noticeable, and early last week she was obliged to take to her bed. Mrs. Eckersley had been under the I care of Dr. Fox, jun. Great sympathy is felt with Mr. Eckersley, who is the respected organist of St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church, Buttermaaket-street, and the four young children. LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Adtv. "A Scamper Across the Alps." This was the title of an exceedingly interesting and, instructive lecture delivered by Mr. Henry Hibbert of Bradford at the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street on Thursday evening. The lecture was delivered under the auspices of the Education Committee of the Co-operative Society. Mr. T. Critchley, who is the I President of the Society, presided and there was an exceedingly large audience. The Chairman extended a hearty, welcome to all. He said the lecturer would take them in fancy to Switzerland and also show 1, them the highest points ef the Alps where many an. unfortunate traveller had lost his life and he was surel! the lecture would be highly interesting throughout ' and would also be an education to both young and old. (Applause.) Mr. Hibbert thanked the Chairman and said it afforded him the greatest prssible pleasure , to be amongst them. (Applause.) The first scene !! was the photograph of the Co-operative stores;, swimming club together with the shield which they I won at the Warrington gala. Mr. Hibbert said he I took a great interest in swimming and he was very I Pleased to learn that the Stores team had carried off the trophy. (Applause.) At the close of the lecture Borne humorous pictures were shown which kept the audience in continuous laughter. For FINEST IRISH EGGS try ASHLEY'S.—AdVt. Penny Popular Concerts. The famous penny concerts in connection with Bold-street Church have re-commenced. The com- mittee have a great object in view, which is !.,2 keep young people from parading the streets. They are meeting with admirable success, and we hope, continue to do so. Iu open- ing the proceedings Mr. E. Plinston, secretary of the Concert Committee, gave all present a hearty welcome. He said that since last season they had lost by removal from Warrington a gentle- Man who was greatly endeared to a great many of them. He referred to the Rev. J. Manning, who, he was sure, left Warrington with the best wishes of the Psople of the town. He thought they would have Mr. manning with them to preside over one of their con- , Miller, in January. (Applause.)—The Rev. Thomas who was received with applause, gave a hearty welcome to all nresent.—An excellent programme was submitted, and the Lyric Prize Quartette Party (Misses Woodland and Fairhurst, and Messrs. Cook and George) gave several selections in admirable Style. Songs and duets were also given by members and the party. Mr. E. A. Sanders was the humorist, 4 ' nci caused roars of laughter with his humorous tecitations.

Por Bronchial Coughs take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. 2/9.—Advt.

Shorthand Writers' Association. The literary half of this Association's programme of last Wednesday's meeting, which was held at the Winmarleigh Cafe, consisted of a lecture by the Rev, Canon Stevenson, M.A. The chair was taken by Councillor J. Fulton-Smith (one of the vice-presidents of the Association), a good num- ber of members and friends being present. The subject of the lecture was Tennyson's Gareth • and Lynette." The lecturer pointed out the many good ideals of the poem. In the" Coming of Arthur, which " Gareth and Lynette "follows, he said that the ideal was, to put it shortly,\ " to rid the kingdom of all that was wrong, to have power on this dead world to make it live, and to establish a true and righteous kingdom upon earth, to follow the Christ, the King ;" and in the idyll under notice was seen at itss very best—at what we may call the "golden aae."—A hearty vote of thanks to the Rev. Canon Stevenson for his interesting and instructive lecture, and also to Mr, Smith for his conduct in the chair, both of which were suitably acknowledged, terminated a very enjoyable and profitable meeting.

PETROLEUM OIL IN BARRELS and Drools delivered free. Ask prices.-1 S. GARLAND, iron- monger, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Express in Peril. On Monday evening the 5.30 express train from Manchester to Liverpool had a very alarming experi- ence. At a point between Irlam and Glazebrook, when the train was going at the usual express speed the attention of the engine-driver was attracted to some men on the line,vrho were frantically waving their arms. The engine was brought to a standstill in the shortest possible space, and only just in time to avert collision with two coal trucks, which by some mistake had just then been shunted on to the main line from sidings in the neighbourhood. But for the energetic signalling of the men and the ready action of the engine-driver, the consequences would in all probability have been very serious.—" A Grateful Passenger " writes : With reference to the above, I think very great credit , is due to the two men,Shaw and Longden, who averted what would appear to have been a terrible accident. , I therefore appeal to all passengers on this train, if not to all who travel upon the line, to join me in a subscription on behalf of these two men. The same may be forwarded to the following : —Mr. Kirk, statiou master, Central Station, Manchester ; Mr. Dening, station master, Central Station, Liverpool; and Mr. Daxbyshire, station master, Central Station, Warring- ton.

For PLAIN & SMOKED BACON try ASHHEY'S.—Advt. Warrington Philomathic Society. The second meeting of the above Society was held on Wednesday last, the President in the chair. The question, " Is Modern Civilization a Blessing ? " was discussed. Mr. G-. Pitt, opening in the affimative, endeavoured to prove that—even passing by the obvious advantages which were the outcome of modern civilization such as railways and other results of scientific research—the people were more. pure mentally, and consequently physically, than in any other civilized condition. The principle of modern civilization had been abused. The individual must see to it that he made full use of the opportunities which modern civilization offered to him. Mr. R. H. Mellor, opening in the negative, sighed for the "good old times." He thought it was a blessing when it took four days to get to London ; and when, during winter, one was often snowed up. He proved by statistics that lunatics were on the increase ; be pointed out the advantages of self-supporting States ; he thought that railway trains and tramcars should be abolished. In addition the enormous number of doctors proved that modern civilization was ruining ' the health of the country. A lengthy discussion, in ' which most of the members joined, ensued, and the question was carried in the affirmative by a large majority. WHITE CHEESE 6d.'rer lb., ASHLEY'S, Sankey St.—Advt. The Late Mr. George Woodward. A service was held at the Buckley-street Methodist Free Church, on Sunday, in memory of the late Mr. George Woodward, a trustee of the church. The building was full, and the following members of the Ancient Order of Foresters attended to show their respect to their late brother: District Chief Ranger, Bro. W. R. Smith; Past District Chief Rangers Bros. R. Thornley, George Maybury, and W. Bullock; the officers of "Court Hope including the Chief Ranger, Sub-Chief Ranger, and Secretary, along with the following Past Chief Rangers, Walter Bancroft, John Rutter, J. J. Rutter, Peter Wildy, A. Swarbrick, E. Booth, J. Wood, S. Jones, Thomas Hodgett, Joseph Smith, and several other members of the district. The service was very impressive, several well-known hymns being sung. The choir rendered very sympathetically the chant" 0 Lord, prepare my soul. Bro. Barrett of Leigh gave an address from Revela- tions vii. verses 13 and 14, and Bro. H. Woolley gave an account of Bro. Woodward's stewardship in rela- tion to the Church. H e spoke from the following words: " Eye hath not seen, neither hath ear heard, what there is laid up in heaven for those that love God." The service was brought to a close by Miss M.Plinston playing in a very effective manner the Dead March in "Saul."

===== 0002601_19071019_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Aq!"11/110"=NP•_.:...,,- Ilr'r?r"!, 1171"''''..1"1""'-'7777-7.7V770M, 7r---77.7.777,23".1""`"-,,L•

•

===== 0002601_19071019_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COMING MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS. Women's Opportunity.

Special interest attaches to the Municipal elections of 1907 from the fact that under the Bill passed at the instance of the Government in the past session women are now eligible for election as members of Borough and County Councils. It may be recalled that from 1870 onwards women, if possessed of the necessary qualifications, were able to sit on school boards, and in not a few instances rendered conspicuous service in this important branch of public work. Under the Act of 1902, however, they were deprived of direct ; representation on educational authorities, for the , local Councils took over the work of the School Board in England and Wales and women were not eligible to serve upon these bodies. But though they were thus excluded from the new authority, express pro- vision was made for their co-option on the education committees, and in this capacity they have continued to render valuable service. It , was scarcely to be expected, however, in these days of the active asser- tion of women's rights that they would be content with the subordinate position to which they were relegated by the Act of 1902 and the measure introduced in the late session received general support, the only point of difference arising on a proposal made in the House of Lords that women should not be eligible for the office of Mayor or the chairmanship of a County Council. Ultimately a compromise was agreed upon, the Lords filithdrawing their amendment on condition! that words were inserted providing that a ! woman Chairman or Mayor shall not become an ex-officio magistrate. Although, taking the countryl as a whole, the number of womea candidates at the pending elections is likely to be small, there will be a number of interesting contests, and it will probably be found that capable women who offer themselves for election will be regarded with considerable favour by ! the electorate. There is a field of usefulness open to them in endeavouring to make the education given to ' girls more practical, and in promoting improved social conditions. There are indeed many subjects within the four corners of municipal work in which women are specially interested, such for example a's- good housing, the regulation of the employment of children, the protection of child life, the supervision of the female side of lunatic asylums, the oversight of industrial schools, the treatment of women in inebriate homes, the inspecion of lodging houses, the supervision of midwives and baby farms, and the prevention of disease. Indeed, it is scarcely to much to say that in every matter affecting female and child life the co-operation of women Councillors will be a great advantage to our municipalities. But our object in calling attention to the coming elections is not specially to advocate the claims of women candidates, for after all character and personal • qualifications are of far greater importance than mere considerations of sex. It is an act of simple justice that women should not be debarred from election, but it will be for the electors to weigh the claims of all the candidates who may present themselves, and to elect those who are best fitted by their char- acter, position and experience to render efficient service upon the local body. It is scarcely necessary to point out that the work of the munici- palities continually grows in importance. As we have already shown, they are now responsible for the education in the elementary schools, as well as for local schemes of secondary education, and in the sphere of sanitation their duties become increasingly onerous. The very pressure of municipal duties is indeed, a serious danger, for it makes it more and more diffi- cult to find business men who are able and willing to devote the necessary time to the public work of their localities. And it is clear that if the best type of

===== 0002601_19071019_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 19, 1907.

RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

candidate is not available, the interests of the com- munity may fall into the hands of mere visionaries, or worse still may provide unscrupulous representatives with the opportunity to enrich themselves or their WIDNES MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS. friends. he public inquiries which have been held in three Metropolitan districts have plainly shown A keen fight will no doubt be seen in Waterloo Ward party, yeeann Icsif kirDatAi. Gaughan,Wright,t httisl the nomineecandidate o f tohte forwardLabo • that this danger is a real one, which the ratepayers should guard against by returning Councillors of by the Church party. Councillor Winfield retires from sound 4udgment, who, while recognising the import- this ward in favour of Mr. Gaughan, who is also a ance of civic progress and development will insist Roman Catholic. It will be remembered that Mr. upon strict and economical administration. This is Gaughan took an active part in the Widnes Free Speech not the place to enter into a general discussion as to crusade, and was the only one who went to prison in defence of his convictions. He has contested the ward the causes which hate led to the serious depreciation (.1 bneftzree,waanrdd votes.lysayseornylystbroeanteannbdytfhoeusreattthough in the value of consols and other first-class securities, gihisatfirounele and we readily admit that a number of influences canvassed by the Church party, should be won by him. have been at work. But it is admitted on all hands that the increased indebtedness of the nation and of WIDNES BOY DETECTIVE. the municipalities has been an important factor in this At Widnes on Monday, John Conley was sent to gaol depreciation, and expert authorities are agreed that for three months for stealing a coat and vest,value 18s. there is an urgent need for rigid economy from inside the shoe of Mr. Pankhurst,clothier, Victoria for several years to come. No doubt there are road. At 4.30 on Saturday afternoon a boy saw the some municipal undertakings which are indispens- prisoner go into the shop and hurriedly come out with able and cannot be postponed, but in other a bundle under his arm. He gave information to Mr. directions Pankhurst, , and particularly in improvements which who followed the prisoner down the road. though pleasing to the eye are not essential to the Arafatera aw littlea rtiler u g4l se theaf tme rawn adr rdos p poevde rt thaek ao nr ti c liens ago health or well-being of the community, a self-denying Co-operaytive Society's yard and arrested. The bench ordinance should be passed, and for the next decade also sentenced him to fourteen days for assaulting , there should be a thrifty administration of the public M'Carthy, and commended the latter on his conduct. funds. The present ratepayers have had to supply and also severely censured two men who would not the deficiences bequeathed by an earlier generation, render the police assistance. and there has been a disposition, not altogether blameworthy, so force the pace in municipal develop- ASSAULTING THE BOATSWAIN. meat and progress. The time has come, however to At Runcorn, on Monday, James Hagan, an A.B. on the overhaul municipal administration, and while not steamship Nicholas, was charged with assaulting the falling back into the apathy and neglect of earlier boatswain, Martin Sanbourne. The ship was in the times, to avoid unnecessary expenditure and to defer Weston Point docks on Friday night. Sandbourne went even desirable improvements until some of the out- ashore with the key of the forecastle, and did not return standing loans have fallen in. But while saying this, on n until 11.30 p.m waiting standing since 8 p.m., ari The prisoner had been d he knocked Sanbourne down, we yield to none in our desire that candidates will be and struck him in the face, blacking both his eyes. The chosen at the coming elections who will carry out an prisoner was lined 10s. and costs, us. 6d., or fourteen enlightened educational policy, and make the beet use days. The prisoner was Is. 6d. short of his fine, and the of the powers possessed by the Municipalities for men made friends in court,shook hands, and the prosecu • improving the social condition of the people. tor lent him the necessary sum. Warrington Nominations. Although Thursday next is the latest day for the receipt of nominations at the Town Hall, not ranch interest is at present being taken in the forth?,oming municipal elections. The only new candidate in the field is Mr. Samuel Davies, baker, Wellington-street. who has been selected by the Conservatives to oppose Councillor Clegg in Howley Ward. It is rumoured that Mr. W. B. Roberts (C) will come forward in Bewsey Ward where Councillor Skelland again seeks the suffrages of the electors. The candidates nominated up-to-date are :—St. John's Ward, Councillor Fulton- Smith ; Orford Ward, Councillor Wilkinson ; St. Austin's Ward, Councillor Barton ; Howley Ward, Councillor Clegg ; Bewsey Ward, Councillor Skelland ; Town Hall Ward, Councillor Wilding and Mr. W. Rogers.

RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of this Council was held on Tuesday, Mr. G. Pilling in the chair. There were also present :—Messrs. J. Hallows, S. Woodward, Admiral Jones Parry, T. Baxter, J. J. Jones, C. Roylance, P. Booth, J. El. Davies, C. E. Lintaker, sen., J. Morris, A. Norman, J. Bolsbaw, J. B. Chadwick, G. F. Ashton (clerk) and J. Farrington (nuisance inspector).

TOWN HALL WARD.

Ths Liberal 6rnrniite-a.Oli-hiWa;imet on Thursday evening, and decided to take no action in the election.

FAIRFTELD WARD.

NOMINATIONS RECEIVED FOR MR. JAMES T. LOCKER.

In the Ist paper, Mr. Locker is proposed by the Rev. Canon Willis, seconded by the Rev. Canon Stevenson, and assented to by G. W. A. Brown, J. T. Whittle, G. Ball, J. P. Hollins. T. Humphreys, T. Baldwin, W. Vincent, R. Jackson. Second paper, proposed by Coun- cillor J. G. Craik, seconded by Samuel Taylor. assented to by R. W. Collin, W. H. Stansfield, J. E. hichardson, A. E. Boardman, E. Lawrence, S. J. Beaman, E. Gunner, R. Lee. Third paper, proposed by Benjamin Amu. ; seconded by Wilkinson Haigh; assented to by T. M. Warhurst, J. Phoenix, G. T. Rnshton, J. Garner, G. H. Critchley, W. Wright, A. Holland, .T. Cliffe. Fourth paper, nroposed by Alice Maud Davey; seconded by Eleanor Spinks ; assented to by Ellen Singleton, Annie Fowler, Mary A. Hunt, Agnes Lythgoe, Elizabeth Barton, Sarah A. Porter, Mary A. Andrews, Lucy Craik. Fifth • paper, proposed by David Sedgwick Duncan; seconded by Peter Turner Winskill ; assented to by R. Woods, W. P. Ashton, A. J. Jones. J. Wood, J. E. Harrison, A. Podmore, R. W. Antwiss, J. Allison. Sixth paper, proposed by Henry Maddock; seconded by William Whittaker; assented to by W. Webb, A. Gibson, W. W. Whittle, T. C. Wadsworth, F. Webster, R. Lowe, F. T. Newbould, P. H. Brown. Seventh paper, proposed by Henry Houghton, seconded by J. P. Hazlehurst ; assented to by C. J. Newton, A. Kilburn, P. Barry, T. Reardon, J. R. Vernon, T. Austin, H. Corney, T. Moores. Eighth paper, proposed by John Willett; seconded by John Griffiths, assented to by P. Hill, T... 1 . Hopkins, W. E. Horton, J. Kenwright, W Hart, Alice Crosier, A. Ford, T. Crosier, R. H. Howard, ORFORD WARD.—John Wilkinson, 6, Lodgq-lane gentleman, is proposed by Elijah Cannington, seconded by John Evans. He is also proposed by Thomas Gandy, seconded by Frank Lea; proposed by John Hindle and :seconded by William Corker. ST. AUSTLN'S.—Thomas Burton, 82. Liverpool-road, iron manufacturer, proposed by David Tinnion, seconded by John Rymer Young. HOWLEY.—William Clegg, 16, Salisbury-street,draper, proposed by John Hill, seconded by Walter John Ford; also proposed by James Matthew Molyneux, seconded by George Monks; proposed by James Philip Bell, seconded by William Henry Melling; proposed by Edwin Smith Woods, seconded by Matthew Henry Llewellyn ; proposed by John Stamforth Hill, seconded by James Povey proposed by John Bird, seconded by John Bright Belli= ; proposed by Joseph Massey, seconded by John Emmess ; proposed by William Roberts seconded by Thomas Jackson Rigby; proposed by Thomas Garnett. BEIVSEY.—James Skelton& 63a, Bewsey-street, gentleman, proposed by John Boardman, seconded by Thomas Trow ; proposed by Richard Travis, seconded by George Jagger; proposed by Eliza Healey, seconded by Harriet Lewellyn ; proposed by Walter Edwin Wright seconded by Harry Pitcher Wright. Tows HALL WARD.—George Thomas Wilding, 93, Bnttermaket-street, house furnisher, proposed by William Cooper, seconded by George Shepherd; pro- posed by Joseph Balmford, seconded by Henry Richardson Pontefract, proposed by Thomas Prince seconded by James Danks.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Tradesmen's Questions to Candidates.

The Warrington Tradesmen's Association is taking an active part in the forthcoming municipal elections, and has addressed the following questions to the candidates who come before the electorate on November Ist. :

I. Are you prepared to support a scheme for the widening of Warrington Bridge or the erection of a new bridge? 2. Are you in favour of the immediate erection of a public abattoir, and the refusal of all fresh applications for the erection of slaughter houses ? 3. Are you in favour of a reduction being made in the charges made by the Corporation to users of elec- tricity as an illuminant? 4. Are you prepared to vote in favour of the abolition of the charr,es made by the Corporation for the collec- tion of trade refuse?

_ 5. Are you preparArl to support an policy haying for its object the demolition of slum property and the remedying of insanitary conditions existing within certain areas in the borough?

===== 0002601_19071019_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE PRINCE OF EVANGELISTS."

Lecture by the Rev: E. Davidson.

A very welcome visit was paid to Bewsev-road Wesleyan Church on Sunday by the Rev. Edward Davidson, who will be remembered as having given an inspiring lead to local Wesleyans a year ago. In the morning he took for his text" Blessed are the pure in heart., for they shall see God," while in the evening his discourse was based on the parable of the man who went to the wedding banquet without the required wedding garment. On the following evening Mr. Davidson delivered his popular lecture, " Moody, the Prince of Evangelists." Mr. R. I. JENKS, of Penketh, presided, and said the title of the lecture reminded him of his first experience of Messrs. Moody and Sankey, on two occasions thirty- five years ago, when in London. He then made the acquaintance of the man who was afterwards known as Professor Henry Drummond. He spent all the time with him in conducting young men's meetings. At Mr. Moody's second visit to London he formed a series of meetings which were of great assistance to him. The lecturer also reminded him of the prince of lecturers, the Rev. Morley Punshon. Mr. Davidson then proceeded with his lecture, which was listened to with appreciative interest. He styled Moody as one of the two great men (Abraham Lincoln and Moody): that America had given to the world during the last 50 years. The lecturer traced the evangelist's stirring career in an illuminating way, and at the end a collection was taken in aid of church expenses. The Rev. Sidney Pitt moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman and lecturer, and it was heartily agreed to.

CRAWFORD'S

EDNA

CI,AKE;

(Registered).

TILE LITTLE CAKE WITH THE RASPBERRY CENTRE.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTORS AND ROAD MAINTENANCE.

The Clerk stated that the Ross Rural District Council had sent the following resolution for approval •' That this Council desires to bring to the notice of the Local Government Board that although the motor car traffic which comes from all parts of the United Kingdom increases daily over the main roads of the country, the owners of cars not belonging to the county, contribute nothing towards keeping the roads in repair. That, under these circumstances, arrangements should at once' be made by which a more even distribution of money received by the Inland Commissioners for motor licences should be givsn to the countries in proportion to the mileage and costs of the main roads which they have to maintain." The resolution was referred to the Highways Execu- tive Committee on the motion of Mr. Morris seconded by Mr. Linaker.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RESIGNATION OF A NURSE,

Mr. Woodward said that a meeting of the Isolation Hospital Committee was held on Tuesday morning, and he had to report that Nurse Boyle had sent in her resignation. She was the newly-appointed nurse and she had resigned not because she wp.s not satisfied with the Hospital, but because there was illness at the nurse's home and she had been obliged to leave. The resignation was accepted with regret. FINANCE. _ _

Mr. Woodward reported that paymants had been made for maintenance to the amount of £77 lls. 11d., leaving £1,865 17s. 10d, in the hands of the treasurer. The report was adopted.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

A meeting of the Runcorn Board of Guardians was held on Tuesday at Dutton Workhouse, Mr. T. Baster, in the chair. There were also present : Messrs. J. Hallows, S. ‘Voodward, AdmirAl Jones Parry, J. J. Jones, G. Pilling, C. Roylance, P. Booth, J. H. Davies, C. E. Linaker, J. Morris, A. Norman, J. Bolshaw, J. B. Chadwick and G. F. Ashton (clerk), T. Cooke, J. Pearson, and W. R. dePrez (relieving officers) and J. Cunnah (master).

===== 0002601_19071019_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
POOR LAW CONFERENCE.

The Clerk informed the Board that Messrs. Baxter Wright, Mynekyme and Pilling attended the North- Western Poor Law Conference at the Town Hall, Liver- pool. Mr. :former Fust (chairmin of the conference) dealt with the classification of indoor paupers and advocated an extention of the area of the administra- tion of committees for dealing with indoor poor so that classification might be economically and properly carried out in the Workhouse. _ _

A paper was read by 111 r. A.J. Jolley of the Warrington Union on the best system of tenders and contracts. Administration was dealt with more than the general principle. The delegates visited the training ship Indefatigable " to which Boards !of Guardians send children to be trained for the navy or mercantile marine. The ship appeared to be well managed and the best of training seemed to be given to the boys. A paper was read on the combination of Unions for the treatment of vagrants by Mr. Dean clerk to the TJlverston Union. He strongly advocated the combination of the Unions of Lancashire, Cheshire, Cumberland and Westmorland, for dealing with casual paupers so that there might be a uniform system with the object of stamping out vagrancy. A list was read showing the number of casual paupers relieved for the year ending July, 1907, compared with the previous year ; 1906, males 1935' females 187, chil- dren 20, total 2,142 •, 1907, males 1,770, females 207, children 19, total 1,996. The conference resolved that a combination of Unions was the best method of dealing with the vagrant class. The Chairman, in proposing the adoption of the report, said he attended the meeting, and it was a very interesting visit throughout. He had great pleasure in proposing the adoption of the report. Mr. Dilynekyme seconded, and the report was adopted unanimously.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
TIER COST OF PAUPERISM.

Mr. Dansey, Local Crovernmeat Board Inspector, presented his annual statement of pauperism and expenditure, which showed that the acreage of Runcorn Union was 50,434 acres, and the population according to the last census 39,561 and the rateable value £257,686. Tbe number of paupers on the Ist January, 1907, was 742, of which 178 were in-door and 567 outdoor. The expenditure on indoor was £983 out-door £1,575, total £2,558; a decrease of £5B. The cost per head of the population was is. 3d. There were only two Unions in Cheshire with a less percentage of that amount, namely, Bncklow, 11d. ; Tarvin, is. lid. ; and Wirral!, is. 2id. The highest percentage was Chester 2s. 21d. A LADY'S PROTEST.

The following letter was read by the clerk : "Hatton Grange, near Runcorn, October Ist, 1907. Dear Mr. Ashton. Please convey my thanks to the Guardians for putting my name on the Ladies Visiting Committee to the Workhouse. I retired from the committee three years ago, partly on grounds of ill-health partly because I thought it was not for the best interests of the House for us always to be accom- panied by an official when on our visits of inspection. I know of other ladies' visiting committees who are not under such rules and who arrange for their meetings whenever they please, without the officers knowing when they are coming or even seeing the ladies unles asked for. Unless these restrictions have been done away with, will you kindly withdraw my name from the committee. With kind regards, your truly, LA AI ALE BOSTON."

The resignation was accepted with regret. FINANCE.

Mr. Woodward produced a report of the Finance Committee which stated that payments had been made to the amount of £1,484 14s. id.. leaving a balance in the treasurer's hands to the amount of £4,107 13s. 9d. The report was adopted.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES.

1907. For. Agst. Sept. 7 Barrow ,' 14 Batley 21 Swinton „ 28 Leigh Oct. 5 St. Helens home 5 32 „ 12 Batley away 11 25 f f 16 New Zealand 19 Warrington „ 26 L. C. (2nd round) Nov. 2 Wigan f I 9 Dewsbury 16 Swinton away Yr 79 23 Runcorn home „ 30 Salford Dec. 7 Leigh home 77 14 Runcorn away „ 21 Merthyr away „ 25 „ 26 Warrington , l9b 288. . Jan. 1 77 4 Barrow 9, 11 Oldham /9 18 Salford 25 Rochdale Feb. 1 St. Helens away „ 8 Wigan away „ 15 Dewsbury home „ 22 Broughton home „ 28 Cup-tie May. 7 „ 14 19 21 Rochdale 28 Broughton away April. 4 Merthyr home . 11 Oldham home

===== 0002601_19071019_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

"THE MARTYRS" AT ST. HELENS.

The Assembly Room at the Si. Helens Town Hall was packed on Tuesday night with a most -enthusiastic audience on the occasion of the first subscription con- cnrt of the season of the St. Helens Glee Club. The first half of the concert was given over to a most successful performance of Maunder's dramatic cantata for male voices " The Martyrs." The chorus and orchestra numbered over 140, and the principals were Master Joseph Green, of St. Mary's, Sheffield; Mr. Charles Tree, baritone; and Mr. J. E. Walmsley, tenor. Under the capable direction of Dr. S. B. Siddall, the founder of the club, the work was rendered in most striking style, the effect of the great triumphal chorus being most remarkable. Mr. J. H. Maunder, the com- poser of the oratorio, was present,aad at the conclusion congratulated Dr. Siddall most heartily on the magnifi- cent performance, saying that the work had never been better rendered.—The second part of the programme was of a miscellaneous description. One of the finest items was the vocal quintet "The Hero's Rest," sung by Miss Bessie White,Dr. Siddall, Messrs. R. Lloyd Moore, J. Gilroy and E. Baylis. The orchestra was under Mr. Gordon E. Stutely, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
SEQUEL TO A RAINEIILL CYCLE ACCIDENT.

At St. Helens, on Wednesday, Mr. H. Joplin, of Huyton, was sued by Mrs. Mary Crompton, widow, of The Holt, Rainhill, for personal injuries caused by being run down by defendant's bicycle.—Mr. Wright, for the plaintiff, said that on Friday, May 17, about ton oclock at night she was crossing in front of her own house when she was knocked down by a bicycle and seriously hurt. It was very dark and raining at the time, and defendant was showing no light.—Mrs. Crompton said she was confined to bed for three weeks,and complainant could not walk properly even yet.—Defendant said about four or live yards from where complainant was knocked over there was a strong beam of light from a shop window. This prevented himfrom seeing anyone.—Mr. Segar argued that plaintiff was guilty of negligence in , not looking along the road. It had been proved that defendant's lamp was lit.—Judge Shand found that the accident was attributable to the negligence of the defendant. It was no doubt a very awkward thing, both in riding a bicycle and in driving, to come to a place where there was a glaring incandescent light in one's eyes, but if they did they must not go on and chance it. They must take adequate precauti3ns and not go and run into things. Defendant might have had his light burning, but he did not ring his bell. He believed that defendant was going a good deal faster than he admitted, and he gave judgment for plaintiff for twelve guineas with costs. ST. HELENS CORPORATION EXHIBITIONS.

At a meeting of the St. Helens Parks Committee, on Wednesday, Mr. A. Lancaster (borough librarian) submitted a most satisfactory report on the recent exhibition at the Victoria Park. This is the first time 'an educational exhibition of the kind had been held in the town and the exhibits of work done in the Elemen- tary and Technical schools attracted a great amount of attention. Visits had been paid by persons from Liver- pool, Southport, Wigan, and other places, and a deputa- tion from the Education Committee, Westhoughton, made a special inspection. The exhibition had been open 90 days, and the attendance had been very satisfactory, the total number of visits paid being 17,620. The nominal charge of one penny for admission had produced £45 ss. Bd. and the ordinary expenses had been £47. The previous exhibition in 1900 cost over £4OO. and the receipts were £96 10s. The exhibition just closed had appealed to and delighted all classes in the town. Mr. Lancaster also reported that the Board of Education, South Kensington Museum had sanctioned the loan to the St. Helens Corporation of the first historical collection of water-colour paintings, together with a collection of objects of industrial art for exhibi- tion at the Victoria Park next summer. The exhibits would fill four or five of the largest rooms in the park mansion.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS RATES.

Mr. John Brown, the borough treasurer of St. Helens on Monday, issued his annual rep3rt and statement of accounts of the Corporation. Out of a total rate, including poor rate, of ss. 6d. in the pound, no less than 11.06 d in the pound was spent on elementary education as well as a new charge of id. on Cowley Middle Schools against last year's rate of 8.20 d. The capital expendi- ture on new schools up to the close of the last financial year was £19,414, but this will probably be more than doubled during the current year. The liabilities, including the working balance,are £35,987. The Distress Committee's accounts show that £6O ss. was spent in providing employment for men out of work, but the results of their, labour were sold for £37 15s. The Corporation have a nest egg of £1,899 in three relief funds, which have been in existence some years. lOn the Transvaal War Fund the amount in the bank is £1,283, on the Imperial Yeomanry Equipment Fund there is £5lO, and on the Local Relief Fund there is £lO5. The rateable value of the borough on the high- way account is £375,693, which is the highest on record. The auditors report that on the gas works account the excess of assets over liabilities is £105,174 165., an increase for the year of £2,635. The profits on the gas works were £8,218 I3s. 9d., which was disposed of as follows :—£5,000 was appropriated to the borough fund in reduction of rates; £2,761 to capital account, and £456 17s. in part payment of improvements. The total amount of profits carried to the borough fund since the purchase of the works is £76,300, although the price of gas has during that time been reduced from 4s. to 2s. 2d. per 1,000 feet. On tha electricity account there is a profit, and the excess of assets has increased by £5,271. On the tram- ways capital account the increase is £1,903, but on the year there was a Joss of £1,195 for maintenance of track, &c. On the waterworks account there was a small profit, but the assets show an increase of £4,234, and now stand at £118,235. The capital expenditure on pumping stations, reservoirs, &c., amounts to £444,303. The capital expended on the Highways and Borough Fund account amounts to £411,505. During the year £6,030 of stock has been redeemed. the net result being that the excess of assets has increased by £11,201 on the year. The outstanding debt on tie six main ' accounts—gas, water, general, electricity, tramways, and education—amounts to £872,321. There is at pre- sent in sinking and stock redemption funds, set aside in accordanee with the requirements of the Local Government Board, the sum of £56,392, leaving a net debt of £815,929.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESIOWN AND ritAITON

THE SOCIALIST HALL.

The new Socialist Hall, in Wargrave-road, Earles- town, was opened last week, and already the Society has enrolled over 100 members. It is intended to hold debates on Thursdays and Saturdays, and during the winter musical at hpmes," social evenings, 6:c. The National Administrative Council of the I.L.E'. with which this Society is afllliated,has since 1893 carried on a great propaganda work throughout the country, having spent over £250,000 on this work, and at the present time over 2,000 meetings per week are being carried on under its auspices, while the Literature .:ep,trtment has doubled its output within the last few months.

NEW CURATE AT EARLESTOWN.

The new curate appointed to Earlestown is the Rev, Samuel Devinney, L.L.D., of Trinity College, Dnblin. He was ordained deacon in 1875 and priest in the following year by the Bishop of IMmore. He has held cnracies in Ireland at Temploport, co. Cavan, 1875-6; Clones, co. Monaghan, 1878.80; vicar of Lack or Claglaty, co. Fermanagh, 1880-3 ; curate of St. James, West Bromwich, 188.3-8 ; St. Catherine, Wigan, 1888.91; St. Martin, Liverpool, 1891-9 ; St. Cleopas, Toxteth Park, Liverpool, 1899-1900; St. Philip, Liverpool, 1900-4; St. Silas, Toxteth, from 1905. lie resides at 81, Queen's-road, Liverpool. He is the author of' Law of pleading and evidence," "Common and Criminal law" and " Political Economy."

===== 0002601_19071019_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
MORE MOTOR CAR CASES.

At the Newton Petty Session last Thursday William Arthur Wu-de was summoned for having driven a motor car at excessive speed on August 25th, at Newton. He dinitted the offence.—!r. !Cnowles, prosecuting, said the defendant's speed worked out at 29 miles an hour, he having been timed by the police between Hulme Bar and the Reformatory. He did no harm, but he might have done a good deal, many people being about the road that Sunday afternoon.—Police-Serc,beants Bannister and Clark, who did the timing—the former at the Reformatory and the latter at Hulme Bar—said they estimated the speed at 30 miles an hour, or nearly, and found that it worked out at 29 miles. Chere was traffic on the road, and it was dangerous.—Fined £2 and costs. George A. A. Bennett, of Coventry, was summoned for driving a motor car at a dangerous speed, and for refusing to stop at a police officer's request.—Ou the first charge Mr. Knowles said this was ou August 29th. A little before 2 p.m. the defendant came round the corner near the Legn Arms,Newton,at a speed estimated at 25 miles an hour—such a speed that the driver could not keep close to the corner in turning it, and if there had been anything in the way it was very likely he would have been unable to avoid a collision. Going down Church-street the car passed two men near the church at a speed which they thought 30 miles an hour. Had there been anything coming out of Willow-road no one could tell what the consequences might have been. There was accident after accident on this county main road, and it was sometimes difficult to bring the offence home, but there was no doubt in tut. case.—P. C. Wooff said he was with Inspector limes near the railway arches at Newton when the car came round the corner at sue') a rate that the back swung round, and witness thought the car must have been going 25 miles an hour. There were five children in sight on the road. —Defendant r.aid it would be an absolute mechanical impossibility for the car to go round the corner at the rate described without overturning. His car was a noisy one bat his speed was not what was alleged.— Fined £5 and costa. On the second charge of not stopping when required by the Police Inspector, defendant said he did not remember being required to stop.—Fined £3 and cost Woods' Great Peppermint Care, for Coughs and Colds; never fails. Oh 219.—Advt.

f!!!'l,rl`!VM,,Vl'!l...%. -

===== 0002601_19071019_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VOICE OF LABOUR.

Edited by John Workman.

Readers of this column are invited to assist in making it interesting and helpful to social workers by contributing themselves.

-Correspondents must write on one side of the paper only, and endeavour to make their letters and notes short and to the point. A nom-de-plume may be used, but the real name of the writer should be forwarded in confidence to the Editor of the column. M.S.S. must be addressed to John Workman, " Ezaminer " Office, Warrington and should be sent in not later than Wednesday in each. week.

111 A contemporary is following the example of the "Standard" and is attacking Socialism. It tells us that " Socialism is an attack upon the stability and organization of society; is an attack upon the enjoy- ment by any man, high or low, rich or poor, of the fruit of his labours - is an attempt to impose upon the conscience, the goods, and the liberty of every one of us as an intolerable and grinding tyranny." It has invited several leading Warringtonians to give a summary of their views on Socialism, and their replies make interesting reading. Mr. W. PETER RTIANDS states: "Admittedly the aim and object of Socialism is to level mankind. TO level up is impossible, and consequently this object can only be achieved by a process of levelling down." Is there any justification for such a statement? Mr. F. MONKS states, in the course of his letter : "If, however, we mean by Socialism the growth and development of , those ideals which lift Society to a higher level of thought and action, making it better, healthier, and more progressive in ways not possible by individual effort, then what objection can there be to such a levelling up?" How conflicting are their views ! How contradictory! Socialists aspire to no dead level. They seek no reduction to a uniform level of physical measurement, of height, chest capacity, or muscular vigour. They do not expect that all our intellectual powers shall be of the same order in kind or degree. They admit the immutability of the law of natural selection as of all other natural laws.

Mn. COUNCILLOR J. FULTON SMITH would consign all Socialist leaders and their followers to " Australia, Canada, or Russia for choice." He will tell us, probably, whether or not the Earth is the birthright of all? It would also be interesting to know how he would set about solving the housing problem and unemployment he refers to; and what he believes to be the cause of so much misery and slumdom ? MR. A. J. JOLLEY philosophizes. Mr. Jolley will perhaps tell us whether or not it is a fact that in 'Societies, no less than in races of animals, those which cannot change must perish; whether the change of social structures in the direction of greater adaptation is not social progress; and whether periods of stagnation are not followed by what are called reforms or even revolutions? Ernest Haeckel tell us

that: "If a man desire to have the advantage of living in an organised community, he has to consult not only his own fortune, but also that of the Society, and of the 'neighbours' who form that Society. He must realize that its prosperity is his own prosperity, and that it cannot suffer without his own injury.' ALDEMIIN BENNETT adopts a reasonable tone of argument. He confesses that he is at a less to under- stand why, " if it is intrinsically right and reasonable for the community to make its own gas and supply its own water, it should be intrinsically wrong and foolish for it to supply its own milk, for instAnce, or to make its own soap; or why if it is good for the municipality to own its own trams, it should be bad for the State to own its railways." Mr. Aldermsn Bennett is a man for whom we have the greatest respect. We would ask him whether he thinks that the Tory party to which he belongs agrees with his views on these great questions. _ _ _

The Junior Conservative.; held a debate on Monday evening on " Conservatiyesna and Labour: Are the Conservatives opposed to the aims and objects of Labour ? " Mr. Broadhurst stated with regard to old age pensions that if a practical scheme was brought forward the Conservative party would heartily support it. They evidently intend that another party shall bring it forward. Fancy the Tory party supporting Old Age Pensions! What next? Mr. G. N. VERNON contradicted a statement by Mr. Taylor that many Church of England clergymen and Roman Catholic priests professed Socialism. He said there were few, if any. Mr. G. N.Vernon is not of an inquiring turn of mind. evidently. Mr. Donn believed in ChriAtian. Socialists but not in pol;timl Socialists That statement is so ambiguous that it takes a Junior Conservative atone to under- stand it.

Mr. CIMPIES said that it was useless to criticize the programme of the Labour Party for the simple reason that it had none. How really interesting and how edifying the debates of the Junior Conservatives must ! No programme! If he will call at Friars' Green House I think one w;11 be found for him. My dear fellow, the Tories and Liberals are tumbling over themselves in their anxiety to copy from it. JOHN WORKAA.N.

CHRISTIANITY AND SOCIALISM. CHRISTIAN SOCIALISNI NOT MODERN SOCIALISM.

I John Workman begins his last letter by saying that 1 I am" beginning to grumble because my friends have not backed me up in my argument." I" have before complained of misrepresentation and do so once more. It is tiresome to argue with a controvertialist who per- sistently and deliberately mis-states his opponent's position, and for this reason it is questionable whether I should continue this debate and so give John Workman more words to twist out of their meaning. I complained that the column purporting to be the "Vice of Labour" was almost entirely taken up by Socialist plans for the renovation of Society and little or nothing found a place voicing the opinions and aspirations of 'Labour. John Workman misrepresents this as above. I have done no grumbling about not being backed up. I have neither sought nor needed help. John Workman asked why the members of certain Associa- tions do not send their contributions. "Is it because they are afraid of defending the present competitive system &c.?" This proves my point no to the hilt. These members if they were to write would be expected not to write about the opinions and aspirations of labour but in defence of individualism against Socialism and the •Socialist Editor and his colleagues would be on the spot to answer. Is any str9nger proof wanted to show that the column ought to have its proper name, viz., The "Voice of Socialism ?" The present title has the hands of Esau but the contents speak in the tones of Jacob. The trick is as old as the days of the Patriarchs. John Workman can call his column what he likes but the present name is a Agnomen The Warrington Volunteers would have as much right to call them- selves the British Army and the little torpedo boat to think itself the Royal Navy. John Workman quoted a remark of mine about the sympathy existing between Socialists in different countries, and because of this asks: "Does not Socialism stand for the workers according to his own showing ?" No! Certainly not, only for a section. Then there follows a very lengthy quotation from Judge Hughes' preface to Maurice's tract in which olnnta,ry Associations corresponding to present day vo-orerative Societies which give a bonus to labour Cie mentioned and advocated. What this has to do wth the compulsory State Socialism advocated by John Workman it is difficult to say. The design of these Associations was to give each man the fruit of his labour after paying interest on the capital provided by the workers and others. They were based on the Biblical axiom contained in a quotation I have already given from Kingsley in describing the objects of the Christian Socialists "rewarding every man according to his works." One would have thought that the principle of reward as laid down by Jesus Christ would have had some weight with John Workman and he would have hesitated before trying to improve upon it. 1 But if anything more is needed to prove my point that the Socialism of the Christian Socialists, like IMaurice and Kingsley, was entirely different, let me quote the opinion of one of the ablest of Socialist . writers, Mr. Sydney Webb. In his " Socialism True ! and False" he classes the Socialism of Owen and j Louis Blanc, two of the names Maurice mentions as 1 follows "If we reject Owen's Trade Socialism as a 1 spurious form of collectiveism, certain to develop I into joint stock individualism on a small scale? 1 The zealous and devoted men who made the 1 Christian Socialist Movement of 1848-54 and who got their ideas from Louis Blanc and the Paris I Socialists of 1848, sought to replace the Capitalist entrepreneur not by the officials of the community hut by little groups of independent workmen jointly owning the instruments of their trade and co-oper- ating in a self-governing workshop." And in speaking I• of this plan he says" from beginning to end it is 1 diametrieally opposed to the Socialist ideal." ' I do not therefore retract, but repeat that John IWorkman shewed carelessness in trying to use the authority of Maurice and Kingsley in support of

the Socialism which he advocates when he knew, or ought to have known, that the Christian Socialism of these men was "something entirely different" and in the words of Sydney Webb was "from beginning to end diametrically opposed to the Socialist ideal." John Workman, who abounds in quotations from other people's writings and fills four-fifths of his last letter with them, gives one from Mr. Sydney Oliver. May I say that while I am ready to answer anything John Workman brings forward I must decline to deal with everything written on Socialism. The quotation in question is "No one can pretend to claim the fruits of his own labour for his whole ability and opportunity for work- ing are plainly a vast inheritance and contribution of which he is but a transient beneficiary and steward." I acknowledge the fact of this but not the con- clusion drawn from it. It is only a partial presentation of the case. It is only in half truth and as such if pushed too far and without refernce to the other Ihalf becomes false. Every man is a steward, or rather a tenant, with a life interest, and as such is responsible for the profitable develop- ment of the estate during his charge of it. Any system of society which takes from the tenant the , natural reward of faithfulness and energy and gives lit those who may be unfaithful and lazy, undermines the principle of equity upon which all human affairs must be based, or red ruin will be the result. This would be the outcome of the system advocated by John Workman of giving to each according to his need without any reference to his faithfulness or energy. The proposed system is dishonest and it does not make it less so when the act of dishonesty is done in the name of the State. I mean in so far as it takes from the individual the result of his labour and gives no proportionate equivalent. I have no desire to be offensive. I am here speaking of the proposed system, not of the men who make it. Paris, October Bth, 1907.

CHARLES E. PARKER.

THE PAINTING OF LA.1113-POSTS,

j Sir,—ln the Town Council report I see Councillor Ball asks a question relating to the painting of gas standards. Alderman Tinnion on behalf of the Gas Committee says the standards are painted by the men (lamp-lighters) in the summer months or the staff would have to be reduced. I should like to ask Alder- man Tinnion, how it is the staff has not been reduced in the summer months when the gas standards have not been painted, for they are not painted every year?

The fact is my dear Alderman we have to neglect our own work to do this kind of work. What the Gas Committee want is cheap labour so that they can make big profits. _ _

Could toll you some tales that would turn your hair green about the way the Gas Committee treat their employees. But this will do some other time.— Yours truly,

LAMP POST.

RAILWAY RESPONSIBILITY,

The mind of Labour just now is chiefly occupied with the progress of the struggle for recognition by the railway Men's trade union. In view of this the reply of the Railway Companies Association has received the necessary prominet ce in the public Press. The pros and cons. of the dispute are freely stated on every hand, so that it is hardly worth while repeating them here. I would rather draw attention to the last paragraph of the Railway Companies Association's letter which read as follows: —" In the opinion of my council it is necessarily a matter'which those to whom the public and the shareholders look for the safe and efficient conduct of the railway service of the country must take the full responsibility of forming and acting upon their own conclusions." I could hardly have written a vaguer or more ponderous sentence myself, but if it means anything it means that the Directors are summed to be respon.- sible for the safe and efficient conduct of the railway service. Are we justified therefore in assuming that the directors are to be held responsible for the horrible stnash at Shrewsbury? And will the share- holders look to the Directors to pay the inevitable damages?

Wliat rot! The very questions would bring a smile to the face of that yellow monkey I once possessed which climbed a purple stick. Is it not already being said that the driver of the train was running his engine at excessive speed. If the lack of safety in this particular instance was the driver's fault and the blame be his, then the credit also for multi- tudes'of journeys safely performed should be his, and his confreres the signalmen, stoker, and guards. If so what becomes of the directors' safe and efficient conduct of the railway service? If the driver made a mistake he has paid the penalty with his life "Ha fears no more the heat of the sun Nor the furious winter's rages; He his worldly task has done, Home has gone and ta'en his wages." Assuming for the sake of the argument that this proved, skilful, reliable driver was to blame, then it would seem the safety and efficiency of the railway service are endangered by the present action of the Railway Directors, which means the substitution of less experienced men in the various departments of railway work in place of those likely to come out on strike. The fact is that if all Directors and Share- holders died to-morrow hardly one train in the country would fail to run schedule time the day after. But if the same number of workers died !

Joint stock enterprise (limited companies) has done a great deal to develop manufacture and com- merce, production and exchange, but it has rendered almost complete the cleavage between ownership and labour. Every element of earning disappears from profits when all those who resume the responsi- bilities of administration, of daily management, of technical and commercial direction, of financial con- trol are paid by fixed salaries. When the holder of capital was at the same time leader and manager of the enterprise the exploitation of man by man was hidden by a veil, but the shareholder as such is nothing but an investor of money, more or less clever, more or less fortunate. In the words of Vandervilde "like the legendary dragon couched on a bed of Rhine gold in its deep cavern, passive capitalism lies hugging its wealth in distant cities, motionless and formidable, scornful of the revolts and careless of the miseries of an unknown proletariat. I recline and possess Let me sleep !

,

===== 0002601_19071019_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
LA.ZARUS.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

The patrons of this increasingly pupular place of amusement have keen delighted with the programme submitted this week which has included seme very novel features. For the first time in Warrington Nfaurin's wonderful fountains are exhibited, 20,000 gallons of water being thrown on to the stage. With the aid of many coloured lights some exceedingly beautiful prismatic effects are obtained, and the scone is one of dazzling grandeur. The spectacle concludes with a representation of "The Water Nymphs," two living statues standing in the centre of a large fountain with water playing round in various forms. A splendid turn is provided by Captain Taylor's edu- cated baboons wnich go through some really wonderful tricks, including jumping, tumbling, tight-rope walking and balancing. Their intelligence is almost human and the display is about the best of its kind we have seen. Les Bollingers, the original rag painters, of Paris, give a unique entertainment, produciug some pretty pictures by means of an assort- ment of rags. Cullen and earthy and Little Cluley are highly popular comedians, and Willie Gardner is seen in a clever act on ice and roller skates. Two sketches. "An officers's servant" by the Brothers Adderley, and "House Full" by Damerell, Rutland and Company, create a deal of amusement. Raymond's Rio-Tableaux shows an excellent series of up-to-date pictures. NEXT WEEirS PROGRAMME. Another capital programme is announced for next week. Rapoli, whe is described as the world's greatest artistic and sensational juggler, heads the bill. Harry Cadle's company will appear in a screamingly funny eccentric act entitled "Casey's Circus "--5 street urchin's idea of produeinn.a circus entertainment. The performance is conceived in the true spirit of burlesque and is sure to provoke great laughter. Other artistes will be Winifred Ward, the immaculate boy: Lack and Ford Trio, the bouncer and the twisters ; Elsie Stead- man, comedienne! and Sydney Lee, the' gay deceiver." Mr. H. Leslie Bell will present Mies Lily Pearl and Co., in an episode of New York Society, entitled "The Red Letter.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
TO SMOKERS.

One of the best things about the opera is "The Yeomen of the Guard" mixture, a special blend of the finest Virginia and Latakia tobaccos, introduced by Messrs. T. Sudlow and C 0.,, Winwick-street and Butter- market-street, Warrington. The mixture is Qf medium strength, cool smoking, and of ample, rich flavour. It is marketed at 51d. per ounce and 6s. 6d. per lb., and we have no doubt that it will have a ready sale among smokers who are rather fastidious about the qualities of a mixture and know a good one when they get it.

How does a man get in a funk And take himself right off to bunk, Just when a pain with symptoms vague Will make him think he's caught the plague, How often does a cough or cold Make cowards of the brave and bold, Until they find the remedy sure— Woods' Great Peppermint Cure,—Advt.

„

-

===== 0002601_19071019_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
iiiiraosorr OPP"-

4f,

___

===== 0002601_19071019_art0078.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
T47n

===== 0002601_19071019_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
IT IS Pi FACT

. E very

• Picture

Every

Picture

Which has OFTEN been PROVED by statements of WARRINGTON

people, that DOAN'S Backache Kidney Pills CURE Dropsy, Grave!,

-5•4"0.4f ~ , , —_ __ ? • 4,--/- vA.."•`--- ' 1 , VI i ‘k4:44lit'-=•'?•-$LOX. k _ -.Ts ~-,:•.,,,: ~,,,v-,....r" ,....r" . r • , ,„. ~, -, \ -- ,41 .., .:. - t ! .4111 's4 \ 1,,,f, .... , . ,4•1‘......---Illr tige7,ll.„7l‘, . • ?kV /.4: ''; -4+ ' i 0-, ,gl, •K :>..111/4,-;77::_or,:aki. e , 12V,3k., i:N-....- r,•ii, .-`,"'we 1* v ~ ..!: -... • •-"V

===== 0002601_19071019_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Stone, Rhuematism, Backache, Sciatica, and other

results of KIDNEY DISEASE.

IT is most dangerous to neglect even the slightest symptom of kidney disease. An almost unnoticeable aching in the back is•often the first symptom. Then follow pains in the limbs and joints, headaches, constant tiredness, urinary troubles, watery swellings under the eyes or round the ankles, and nervousness.

- The efficacy of Doan's Backache Kidney Pills in such diseases, is proved by this cure in

WARRINGTON.

Mrs. J. Gleave, 3, Back Brook-place, Latchford, Warrington, says :—" I have received so much benefit from Doan's Backache Kidney pills that I am gbd to give a testimonial for them, so that others may know the value of the medicine.

"For two years or more I was a dreadful sufferer from dropsy and kidney c =plaint. My body swelled, also my legs. and my back was so

weak and painful that I could not get upstairs without sropping to rest. When I was in bed,the pains were so severe that I could not turn ; my breath was short, and there were pains round my heart; in fact, I felt ill in every way.

" None of the medicines I took did me the least good, and when I was advised to try Doan's Backache Kidney pills, I did so. These pills have made quite a new woman of me; the swellings have gone away, and the pains have left me. I feel sure that Doati's Backache Kidney pills have cured me. I have told many people of the great benefit the pills have brought me. (Signed) Jane Gleave." Writing to us nearly a year and a half later, Mrs. Gleave said: -" Your pills have done me such a wonderful lot of good that I cannot praise them enough. I have not suffered with my old troubles since your pills made me well, over a year ago. lam always glad to speak of the medicine to others."

===== 0002601_19071019_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ONLY

GENUINE

=‘z BOX.

Be carefill to get the genuine Doan's Backacl,e Kidney Pills. They cannot be bought loose. They may be obtained of all cbemistsand stores, or direct, post free, from the Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells-street, Oxford-street, London, W, price 2s. 9d. a box, or 13s. 9d. for 6 boxes.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

WESLEY GETILD.—On Monday evening, a parliamen- tary debate on the question of " Women's SuiTihge," attracted a large gathering of members and friends. The Rev. W. Mellor, president, acted as speaker of the house. A bill in favour was brought in by Mr. Ebenezer England, who supported it in an able speech. The leader of the opposition was Mr. J. IL Mason, who stated the case against the motion with much force. Other speakers wore Messrs. E. Osborne,G. H, Plinston, W. Seed, .T. Hudson. Dr. Bennett, W. Jarman, and H. Mellor. On a division being taken, 24 voted in favour of the measure and 43 against. The result was received with applause, in which the ladies present were con- spicuous.

CHRIST CHURCH', PADGATE.—Large congregations were present at this church on Sunday when the harvest festival services were continued. The morning preacher was the Rev. H. A. Lester, vices-principal of the War- ringtnn Training College, while the pulpit was occupied in the evening by the Rev. P. W. E. Chadwick. chaplain at Winwiok Asylum. The service., were effectively rendered throughout by the choir. in the morning the anthem was Simper's "He shall feed His flock," the opening baritone solo being excellently sung by Mr. Samuel Oddy. In the evening the anthem" Let us thank the Lord our God" MIS well rendered, the treble solo being very sweetly sung by Master Harold Pass. vvEgi",F,Y GUILD.—On Monday night the members of this Guild, together with friends formed themselves for the evening into a "mock Parliament." "Woman's Suffrage" was the chosen theme and the Speeches afforded considerahle humour and merriment. At the desir a of the members Mr. England introduced a Bill slid Mr. R. Ti. Mason act?d as Leader of the Opposition. The Rev. W. Mellor was chosen as Spanker of the T-Tonse. Messrs. S. H. Plinston, E. Osborne, W. Seed, W. Jarman, Dr. Bennett, H. Mellor and .T. Hudson spoke for and against the Bill. Most of the speakers spoke in support of the Bill, lint when it came to voting the laqies swelled the majority against it. A very success- ful debate and pleasant evening was spent. There was a very large attendance.

PARTsII MEETING.—THE QUESTION OF URBAN POWERS.—On Wednesday evening a meetirP, of the parishioners of Padeate and Fenrnhead was held in the Padgrate Church schools, to discuss the advisability of adopting the Watch and Lighting Act 1833. Dr. Bennett occupied the chair. After the chairman had explained that the Rural District Council had transposed their powers with reference to lighting, het that befare the Parish could do anything in the matter they would require the authority of the parishioners, it was resolved on the motion 411 Mr. George Walker and seconded by Mr. George Mather that the Watch and Lighting Act, se far as it related to lichting be adopted. This was put to the meeting and correct,. it was also resolved on the motion of Air, Denham seconded by Mr. Hoult that the Parish Pnrineil he empowered to speni a sum not exceeding £6O up to the end of the financial year. viz., 3lst March, 1908. This was also carried.—Mr. Roberts stated that several more lamps were required and the chairman then read a letter he had received from Mr. Henry Thornton saving he had suggestel the adoption of the Lighting Act several years ago and that it was also his opinion that the district should go in for Urban powers, in order that the district could manage its own nflair4. The chairman. however, stated that they could not discuss the matter at that. meeting, but that so far as the question of more lamps being reqnird as suggested both by Mr. Roberts and Mr. Thornton the matter would be considered by the Parish Council.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITE CITY, MANCHESTER.

The season at this White City has been a triumphant one throughout. Even with unfavourable weather, its many pleased patr ms are amnly rewarded by the entertainment they receive. The concerts, the ball- rpom, the skating rink, the side shows, free attractions, &c., Sze., are all well attended. The band of the Northumberland Hussars. under the direction of band master, H. G. Amers. which is noted for the excellence of its playing, have large audiences gathered to listen to their charming selections, which include the best pieces from tuneful Operas, as well as selections from all the well-known classical composers. On Wednesday October 23rd, the next Fancy Dress Carnival will be held in the magnificent ball-rnom—C2s in prizes will be given for best Historical, Original and Comic Costumes. The entries are free and all under the direc- tion of Mr. Tom Walton. MC.. which in itself is a Iguarantee that it will be largely attended. Even when the White City season closes, the ball-room, restaurant, skating-rink, Scc.. will be kept open. The annual Chrysanthemum Show will be held here on November 13th, 14th, and 15th. The Grand Restaurant, under the management of Mr. A. Mit,:bell, will be open as well. It has been &needed that the restaurant is of a type which meets with the universal reqnirements—it has ample accommodation, prompt, courteous, intelligent I service, absolute cleanliness and a perfect cuisine, with prices most reasonable. Tee management have deter- mined that their patrons shnnld have a full mealure of enjoyment, and nothing will be left undone to please.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
PEN KETH.

NVE<U,ItV GUILD.—On Saturday evening the opening social of the winter session was held in the Wesleyan , day school, oonsisting of an entertainment which was ahlY snnnlieri by the following ladies and gentlemen : Miss White gave a banjo solo, the Misses Asney and Wilkinson a duet. Mr. IT.4lev Taylor of Warrington alms humorous songs and Mr. TT. .T. Mainley n humorous reading:, all being well annreciated hy those present,who numbered abont a hundred. Refreshments were par- taken of and afterwards' elimos were played. Mr. James Dodds took the chair and Mr. G. W. Weaver, jnn., was the accomnanist. All were agreed that ftmost,enjoy- able evening had been spent. The arrangements for the social had been in the hands of the Social Com- mittee of the Guild and the way they had been carried nnt reflects much credit nnon them. PARDO!' COlTtqcm.—The Penketh Parish Council held their meeting on Monday evening. Dr.Mnrray.J.P., was 'in the emir and amongat thosepreeent were the following Mr.J. G. Withinshaw,Mrs. Tinsley, Messrs.. Tames Wood- ward, D.Honehton. R rinnteledre, James Ditchfleld and the parish clerk. Mr. E. Foster. A discussion arose with Mr. J. Smith. re.istrar of births and deaths, who had -closed the sub-office nt Penketh withont first asking if he conli do sr). Mr. Smith wrote giving as his reason that, as h. had only registered one birth in three months he thonet it a Wlate of time to have to -attend this office nlao- he was now residing nearer Penketh now than in the past and he was willing te register nt any time of the day. He also stated that be would attend A rITOrIP's private house to register for the fee of 6d.—On the motion of Mr. Withinahaw seennrind by Mr. .T. Ditchfield, It wits resolved that, Mr. Smith he allowed to close the office. Tn reference to a letter received by the Council at the last meeting regnesting the Council to fence the nit. in Station-road, a letter was read from the owner Miss Tinsley saying that She understood that the road at, this point was shout to he widened and then he would See that the pit was fenced. Mr. Woodward moved that the District Council he asked to wiaen rind r.nair the hrjdle in Station-road. Mr. Rontledge seconded and the motion was carried.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TO FEEL FIT.

THE IMPORTANCE OF DIGESTION IN MAINTAINING MD HSALTH.

• Many reople who certainly could not be described as unwell still lack that. keen edge of -health which has come to ho known as feeling "fit." But why is it so difficult to keep fit? Simnly becanse of the tremendous " rush " of modern activity. ExceQsiye activity of the brain and nervous system in sh,rt, the wnrry— drains the strength of the holy; and the digestive 'organs. weakened perhaps lav hastily-eaten 'meals, break down under the strain. These digestive organs -the stomach, liver .andlbowels -must be assisted. Full nourishment must he drawn from the food ynn-e:4', so that yonr whole body mar have enough and to spare. Strengthon then by taking Mother Seigel's Syrup, and all the nntr!ment vonr food contains will then go into your system to make rich, healthy, vitalising blood, and thus ererr part of your body.will he fully nourished. That is ,the way to he fit. The great power of Mother Syrup i due to the fact that it acts directly on the organs concerned, restoring - -natural action to stomach, liver, and bowels. Writing on April 10th, 1007, Mrs, Rowe, Berries-lane, Bigain Hill, near Orpington, Kent, save: - " food lay on my stomach like a stone; I had splitting. headaches, and frequent bilious attacks. But Mother Seip•el's Syrup cud me" Mother Seigel's Scrip cnres Indigestion, Biliousness, Constiogtion, Headache, Wind. Palpitation. Oppression at the Chest. Loss of Appetite, Pains after Fond, Nausea. Dizziness, and the many ntlier ills that arise from a disordered state of the digestive system.

TfIF... 216 RITTL7 P:(1\11'1INIS THREE TI viES AS AS Tc-Ic. CO- SIZE.

Mother Seigel's Syrup is now also prepared in Tablet form, and sold under the name of

Mother Seigel's Syrup Tablets. PRICE VP-ONE SIZE ONLY.

JOHN WALKER Sz CO., BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. HANDBILLS, in large er mall quantities, cheap and effective.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 19, 1907.

WARRINGTON.

Warrington Lifeboat Saturday Fund. Collections were on Saturday made in Warrington on behalf of the above fund. There was a staff of I.bout a dozen persons engaged from five o'clock on Saturday evening until eleven at the Town Hall in counting the money received. The total amount realized is about £lOO. The collections included £3 in gold, £B2 in copper, and the balance in silver, chiefly three- penny pieoes. Anonymous Munificence. The Liverpool Cathedral Committee have within the past few days received, in aid of the building fund, the munificent gift of £lO,OOO from an anonymous donor. Building operations at the Cathedral are , proceeding apace, and during the past few months lexcellent progress has been made with the nave and other portions of the structure comprised in the first part of the scheme. PITBLIC BENEFIT.—TINDAR TAX CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASTIIRIL—Advt. Death of an Old Warrington Rechabite. The death of Bro. Thomas Gandy took place at his residence, Cairo-street, on Monday at the advanced nue of Si years. He was the oldest Rechabite in the Warrington District, having joined Charity tent No. 11 in the month of September 1842, just over 65 years ago. He had not taken any active part in the work of the tent. for some years on account of failing health hut he was always delighted when he saw or read of the progress and advancement of the Order. The late Bro. Gandy took an active part and occupied several important offices in the tent in the early part of his membership, and lip to the last, he always took a pleasure in calling to remembrance the happy associations connected with the work of the early pioneers of the Rechabite and Temperance movement in Warrington District It can be truly said of him : If T have made one weary life the brighter, If I have eased another's toil and pain, If I have made some comrade's burden lighter, I have not lived in vain. In February, 1887, Mr. Gandy retired from his position as foreman mechanic and chief engineer under the firm of Armitage and Rigby, Ltd., when he was presented with a handsome timepiece in recognition of the high esteem in which he was held after 36 years service. He was one of the oldest members of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers which be joined in 1843 and in recognition of his long services the Execu- tive Council of the £S.E. presented him with a special award of merit, at a public meeting in November,l9o2. TABLE, FLOOR in HANGING LAMPS. New Designs now showing.—J, S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge- street, Warrington.—Advt. Independent Order of Rechabites. The fortnightly meeting of the Onward Juvenile tent took place on Friday night last in the Wesleyan schoolroom, Padgate. There was a good attendance of Juvenile members. The meeting was pre- sided over by Bro. B. Warburton, D S.J.T., who was supported by Bros. J. Hill, D.C.R., C. S. Fellows, J. Lawton, T. Massey, and S. Gallop.' After the usual business had been disposed of and new members pro- posed and initiated, the meeting took the form of a "social" and entertainment. Recitations were given by Sisters E iith Monks, Elsie Fryer, May Dawson, and Bros. Ernest Monks and H. Monks The most interesting item on the programme was the presenta- tion of a framed certificate to Bro. H. Monks, of the Onward Juvenile tent. Bro. Warburton made the nreqentation and said that the Certificates were given by the Board of Directors to Bro. H. Monks and others for their papers in the competitive examination of the Order, "Why I dm a Rechabite ?" and the Juvenile District had gone to the expense of having all the , Certificates won by the Warrington District framed and presented at the tent meetings. He also made a few remarks about the wonderful increase in the membership of the Order and Rave some valuable advice to the children. —Bro. H. Monks thanked the Superintendent. for the gift of the Certificate. —A very pleasant evening was brought to a close about 9 p.m. PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER TAX CLOCK FOR BINT RooTS IN LANVASITTRE.—Adot.

Colour Photography. The centre of interest of the amateur as well as the professional photographer has recently been shifted to the possibilities of delineating nature in that efful- gence of colour splendour which has so long evaded him. The recent achievements of Messrs. Lumiere in the production of a plate sensitive alike to all the colours of the spectrum, enables the 'photogragher to realize an ideal Thich has long been thought impossible of attainment—that is the productiog of a coloured Photograph by direct action of the light in the camera itself. Although a wide publicity has been given in the photographic journals and in the newspapers to the work of the French experts above mentioned it has not been possible to give an ocular demonstration equally widespread of the results of their labours. Lovers of the art of the camera will, therefore be interested to learn that a specimen of the new colour photograph is now to be seen at the establishment of 11r. liar .1d Smith, photographic chemist, Bridge- street, where also the Autochrome Plate, as Messrs. Lumiere's new product is called, is ' to be had at an outlay well within the means of the average amateur' " HERALD " KITCHEN RANGES and " Peveril' , Fire Grates are unsnrnassed. Inspection invited. —J. S. GARLAND, 51, 55, Bridge-street, Warrington. —Advt.

Ambulance.—Crostiell Challenge Shield. The annual contest for the Crosfield Challenge Shield, open to Corps in the No. 4 North-Western District of the St.,..J.dat, Anil:valance Brigade, took place at Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons' Works on Ssturday last. It is to be regretted that the public were not made acquainted with the date of this event, as from 2 to 5 p.m. the competing teams did some interesting and instructive work in bandaging and eonveying cm stretcher: Captain Pooley, (Dshon-in-Furness) conducted the rim Mee examina- tion, and Mr. A. 1,. Garnett, District Chief Superinten- dent, IBurnley) took charge of the bandaging and stretcher work, the patient being supposed to have fallen from a tram car and to have sustained a bruised head, broken arm and sprained ankle. The first prize - the Challenge Shield and set of carvers for each man —was won by Crompton, this being the third year in snceession they have won the pl•cmier honours. The second prize, electro-plated spirit flicks, was won by Horwich ; and the third prize, alectro-plated inkstands, were taken by Rochdale. The pri7es were afterwards presented by Captain Crosfield, who congratulated the men on their neat work and smart appearance. Deputy-Commissioner, Colonel Trimble, C.M.G.. L.R.C.P. (Preston) in moving a vote of thanks to Captain Crosfield, alluded to the difficulty of sustaining interest, in ambulance work, yet he considered that the North Western district bad now a finer set of men than ever before. The No. 4. North-Western district, comprises Cheshire, Lancashire, WestmorelanJ, Cumberland, Isle of Man and Ireland. Subjoined are the names of the teams and the percentage of marks obtained : —Crompton 84 per cent., Horwich 82 per cent., Rochdale 29 per cent., Accrington 741 per cent., Burnley 73 per cent.. Northwich 60 per cent., Oldham 591 per cent., Hindle), 561 per cent., Lancaster 36 per cent, Workingmen's Mission. Bank Qnay. The annual meeting in connection with the Women's Bible Class of this mission was held on Mondsy. About, 150 members and friends sat down to tea in the school- room, after which a concert was given. Mrs. Oros- field (president of the class) presided, and was accom- panied on the platform by Mrs. Roome. Songs were rendered by Mrs Taylor, Mrs. Rowlands, Mrs. Tonge, Mrs. Thomas, Mrs. Williams, Mrs. Swarbrick, and Mrs. Cox; recitatims were given by Mrs. Highley,Mrs. Freeman and Mrs. Edwards and a reading by Mrs. Lawson.—During the evening the Secretary read the annual report,which showed that the class (which was opened in October, 1905) had a membership of 169, with an average attendance every Sunday after- noon of over 70. The sick visitors had paid 90 visits during the year, and the absentee visitors 153 visits. The report paid testimony to the splendid services tendered to the class by the leader, Mrs. Moore. After the reading of the report, Mrs. Crosfield, on behalf of the members of the class, presented to Mrs. Moore a beautiful silver tea service and silver mounted oak tray, which had been sub-! scribed for by the members of the class. Mrs. Cros- field, in making the presentation, expressed the great pleasure it gave her to be there to band the gift toi Mrs. Moore, as she realised how very much the success ; of the class was due to that lady's leadership. The presentation was a light token of the loving esteem in which the members regarded their teacher. She (Mrs. Crosfield) sincerely hoped that Mrs. Moore would long be spared to continue the good work in which she was engaged. Mrs. Moore (who was taken by surprise, having no previous knowledge of the presentation) sincerely thanked the members for their gift, which she very much appreciated because of the kindly feeling it conveyed. The meeting was a very *successful one, thanks to the arrangements made by the Secretary and Assistant Secretary (Mrs. Hackney and Mrs. J. Hassall) and the Treasurer (Mrs. T. Taylor).

===== 0002601_19071019_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
LAWSON CONTRACT.

THE ARBITRATION IN LONDON. Press Refused Admission.

The arbitration proceedings respecting the claim or Mr. George Lawson, contractor, aeainst the Warring- ton Corporatin. were opened on Monday morning at the Surveyor's Institute. London.

The Arbitrator uofIS Mr. Genre Henry Hill, M For the plaintiffs were lir. Radcliffe ICC., and Mr. G. A. Scott, and for the Corporation Mr. A. A. Hudson and Mr. Inman.

Before the proceedings were opened the Arbitrator stated that he bad received a memorial from one side asking that the Press might be admitted to the hearing. Mr. Hudson said his clients were not signatories to the memorial as a body, but he desired to say that they had not the slightest objectioo to the admission of the Press. It was within the province of the arbitrator to decide in the matter. The Corporation had no desire to cover anything or keep anything back.

Mr. Radcliffe said his clients wished to keep the enquiry confined strictly to business. The points at issue depended on the engineering interpretation of the contract. He did not wish the enquiry to be turned into a place for the airing of grievances. The arbitrator was appointed by the Courts RR a private arbitrator and in the ordinary way, and it was quite nnusuol to ftdmit the Press unless both patties were agreed His clients did not agree. Mr. Hudson said he accepted the terms of the appointment of the arbitrator as interpreted by his friend.

The arbitrator stated that being so it was not desir- able the Press sbonld be present and the reporters were asked to withdraw.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHIEF CONSTABLE.

PRESENFATION AT WINDSOR.

The "Windsor and Eton Express" of Saturday last contains an account of a presentation to Mr. Martin Nicholls, Chief Constable of Warrington, who prior to taking up his appointment here occupied a similar posi- tion in the Royal Borough : A large and influential company foregathered in the Reception Room of Windsor Town Hall on Thursday afternoon, when an interesting presentation was made to Chief Constable Nicholls on his promotion to Warrington. The respect and esteem in which Mr. Nicholls is held was evidenced not only by the gifts, but by the cordial reception which was given him on all hands. The Mayor of Windsor (Alderman J. Brown) presided, and among those present were, besides Chief Constable Nicholls, Alderman E. Bampfylde, J.P., the Mayor-Elect, Councillor Sir William Shipley, J.P., and Lady Shipley, Sir John Soundy, J.P., Councillors J. E. Mitchell, J. Bedborough. C. F. Dyson, W. Carter, E. Atkins, ind W. H. Jackson the Town Clerk (Mr. E. C. Durant), the Magistrates' Clerk (Mr. A. Lovegrove), Lieut. and Quartermaster Harford (Royal Horse Guards), Dr. W. J. Scott, Messrs. F. B. Bucklaud, C. H. Burt, J.P., A. A. T. A`Vard (Post Master), Inspector Hudson (Royal House- hold Police), Chief Constable Carter (Windsor Borough Police), Superintendent Holding (forks Police, Clewer Division), Mr. .1. Canning, Mr. W. E. Herbert, Mr. J. P. Hollis Mr. W. J. Miley, Mr. C. Sainty (Waterworks Manager), Mr. S. W. Mellows (Sanitary Inspector), Mr. A. Sainty (Old Windsor), T,ispector Taylor (N.S.P.C.C.), Inspector Verrall (R.S.P.C.A.), Messrs. R. %V. Houfe), S. Osmond, J. Moir, A. H. Atkins, P. Robinson, A. Jacobs, Gilbert, F. C. Chipchase, J. Fleet. C. Kelsey, G. Charlish, Sec.—The presentation consisted of a handsomely illuminated address and a cheque for trs.

The Mayor made the presentation and the Town dlerk read the address as follows:

"To Martin NiehoNs, late Chief Constable of _ _ _ Windsor.

"During the six years that you occupied the position of Chief Cronstable of this Borough, the residents of the town and neighbourhood have been deeplyimpressed by the keen sense of justice and impartiality displayed by you whilst carrying out the duties of your office. The kindness shown by you on all occasions to the deserving poor, and the assistance which you so readily rendered to various charitable organisations have been sincerely appreciated by those with whom you have come in contact. We heartily congratulate you upon having been elected to till the office of Chief Constable of Warrington, although -we regret your resignation which such appointment has necessitated. We ask you to accept the accompanying cheque as a token of the esteem in which you are held, and we hone that you and yours family may have health and happiness in the future, and that you may long be spared to remember the time that you have spent in the Royal Borough of Windsot.

. JAMES T3RowN, Mayor." Chief Constable Nicholls, in returning thanks. said it was customary on occasiont of that kind to apologise for one's inability to put into words what one would like to say, and he for himself felt quite incapable of adequately returning thanks for these handsome gifts. The Mayor had mentioned the fact that he (the speaker) had helped his Worship and other Mayors during his six years in Windsor in connection with the distribution of alms to the poor, but he could assure them that it was quite a labour of love. (Apnlanse.) Whilst he was in,Windsor he endeavoured as far as be could—and none of them were infallible—to give satisfaction to 1 everybody. (Hear, hear.) Some people said that was a wrong principle, but he had always felt that in going through life it was more desirable to try and give satisfaction than to do otherwise. (Hear, hear.) During the time he was in Windsor, he received the greatest, kindness fram everybody—from the Corpora- tion, Magistrates. Officials, and the general public, He made every effort to return that kindness in Avery way he could, and to judge from those kind gifts be had been successful. He could assure them that he had very pleasant memories of Windsor. It was a bright spot in his heart that never would he wiped out. 4onlange 1 He could never forget the pleasant time 1. spent there. No Chief Constable could have been bettor treated by a Watch Committee than he was by the Watch Committee or the Windsor Town Council. They alwtys helped and supported him in every way; and he mi;ht say that without the support of a Watch , Committee it was qu:te, impossible for a Chief Con- stable to carry out his duties adequately. (Applause.) He received every courtesy possible from Windsor people,and while at Windsor he always tried to do what was right and just, it was never his desire to persecute anyone; he would rather help them; and prevention of crime was better than the detection of it. (Applause.) The position of Chief Constable of a police force was a delicate one, and it was difficult to give satisfaction to everyone, but he had tried. He was quite unable to express his feelings to everyhody for these handsome gifts, and he hoped he should always be held in their esteem in Windsor. His wife would be pleased to hear of what had taken place that day. He again thanked them from the bottom of his heart for their kineness to him, and the kind treatment he received during the time he was in 'Windsor. (Applause.) The addrss, which was much admired was, the work of Mr. Stephen M. Wyborn, Windsor. It is richly illuminated in gold and-colour, designed in the style of thirteenth Gothic. A conventional floral design in colour upon a gold ground forms the border, with the Borough coat of arms worked in the centre, the top corner °nom-wing a view of the Castle and other views of the Town Hall and Police Station. The name "Martin Nicholls "is prominently displayed in richly- illnmiaated colours and forming the head-line of the address written in German text, to which is attached the Mayor's signature. Following the address are the names of the subscribing members of the Corner ition printed in vermillion and the names of other subscribers in blue. The writing and printing were lined in gold, and the capital letter: illuminated in various colours and huraished in gold. The adlress is enclosed in a handsome oak frame.

COBDEN CLUB WORKNIEN'S SrIFTOLARSHIP AND PRIZE SCFIEVIEI _

The results of the examination held at the Manchester University last month in connection with the Cobden Club Workmen's Scholarship and Prize Scheme are as follows :—Schnlarship ef £lO a year for two years. George W. Daniels, 47 fount-street. Swinton, Man- chester. First prize of £6 with economic works of the value of about £1 10s. Geore Morrison, 16 Pemberton- ' street, Old Trafford, Manchester. Second prize of £4, with economic works of the value of about £l. J. N. Walton, 20 Harley-street, Openshaw, Manchester. Third prize of £2, with economic works of the value of about £l. T. W. Price. 20 Layton-street. Rochdale. Fourth prize of economic works of the value of about £l. E. Lawton, 8 Bristol Avenue, I.,evenshulme, Manchester. The c)mpetit on wts confined to wage-earners in Manchester and diEtrict, without. regard to political or economic opinion, and was conducted entirely by the University authorities. The subjects taken were General Economics and Free Trade.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Fire In Turner-street.

At two o'clock on Sunday afternoon a fire broke out in a shed belonging to ilamblett Bros., Turner-street, in which a large quantity ~f -miscellaneous goods had been stored for sale. The fire brigade, under the direction of Superintendent Turner and a full cotnple- ment of men, with the steam fire engine " Captain,". were soon on the spot and succeed.d in extinguishing the flames in about an hour. Fortunately the roof was of corrugated iron or the loss would have been very considerable. The damage is not covered by insurance. The origin of the outbreak is not known. Several horses were rescued frail an adjoining stable.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
70,003 DEATHS FROM BRONCHITIS.

Peps, the Ideal Breathing Cure. ''

In England and Wales alone bronchitis claims 70,000 victitns every year a death-roll far greater than that of any other disease. Probably not one person in 10,000 ever gets through the autumn, winter, and spring months, without at least one attack of bronchitis in a slight or chronic form. A cold on the chest, that persistent tickling throat cough, awl that husky feeling which causes a.constant effort to " cough something up," are really bronchitis in an incipient stage.

If neglected, or treated with any of the drugged lozenges and drowsy cough mixtures which eminent physcians have lately been condemning, the inflammation spreads deeper and ever deeper into the bronchial tubes. Treated promptly and properly with the wonderful healing fumes from the potent Peps. breathed into the throat and lungs as the Tablets dissolve in the mouth, these early spmptoms quickly disappear and the tender bronchial tubes gather new strength from Peps to resist further attacks.

At every stage bronchitis can be both prevented and cured by right treatment. Cough mixtures and cheap cough-lozenges are always loaded with opium, chloral, or other poisonous narcotics, sedatives, and irritants, which by paralysing or benumbing the nerves, check the fits of coughing and base the pain ; only, in the end, to weaken the lungs, injure the nerves, and make the bronchitis worse.

The unique Peps method is wonderfully success- ful in the cure of bronchitis in old and young. Here we have a wonderful potent medicine, reduced for the sake of eren treatment and handiness to the form of a small tablet, which is then wrapped and preserved in silver paper by machinery. You take a Pep out of the silver-paper wrapping in which it is kept and preserved, place it on the tongue, and breathe deeply into the throat and lungs the soothing and healing fumes which are given off as the tablet dissolves. The result of this unique, yet eminently safe and natural Peps method is that the terrible bronchial cough is conquered,phlegm is loosened, the sore and bruised mucous linings are soothed and healed, breathing becomes deep and natural, and the lungs gather strength and tone day by day. Peps are altogether unlike ordinary lozenges, and do not contain any of the danger- ous and drowsy drugs found in most so-called cough-cures. Peps, moreover, give off fumes that are able to penetrate to the actual seat of disease, which liquid medicine cannot reach.

Peps prevent you frOm catching cold, even in the worst weather; Peps cure the most obstinate bronchial cough or cold ; and Peps conquer long- standing eases of chronic bronchitis. But see that you get Peps, and not a worthless substitute. Peps are sold by all chemists at is. lid. and 2s. 9d, per box, and the short, distinctive title PEPS -is on every genuine box, and in raised letters on every tablet.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
LOYAL ORDER OF ANCIENT SHEPHERDS.

WARRINGTON DISTRICT.

! The Warrington pistrict of the Royal Order of ! Ancient Shepherds Priendly Society (AU.) held its quarterly 'meeting on Saturday last at the Ironworkers' Home Lodge, Alexandra Vaults, Scotland-road. The ! Chief Shepherd of the District (Bro. •P. L. Edear), ! Presided. and MIR supported by the Deputy Chief, Bro. IJ. Gilooley,P.P.C.S., Bro. Thomas Baskerville, P.P.C.S, Bro. Thomas Miller, P.P.O S.. Bro. J. Grestv, P.P.C.S., Bro. John Haley, P.P.C.S., Bro. W. Hall, District 1 Treasurer, Bro. James Parr, District Secretary, Bro. Peter\Edgar and other brethren. The quarter's business was reviewed and found very satisfactory, the various funds being in a flourishing condition. I steady progress having been made both financially and I numerically. The event of the afternoon was the Presentation of a handsome timepiece to the retiring Chief Shepherd, Bro. Thomas Baskerville, for valuable services rendered to the district during his term of office. Bro. Thomas Miller, who made the presentation, in a neat speech.nointed out the necessity for young men of Bro. Baskerville's stamp to come forward and take a more active and prominent part in the affairs of the Order. The Chief Shepherd also spoke of the valuable services rendered to the District by Bro. Baskerville, especially • referring to his work in connection with the first annual howling main of the District, the success of such main being in a large measure due to the active and enthusiastic work of Bro. Baskerville while President of that Committee. Bros. Haley. Gresty. Hall and Harris also eulogised Bro. Baskerville's services, as did the District Treasurer and District Secretary. Bro. BASKERVILLE feelingly thanked the meeting for I all the nice things that had been said about himself and I for their very handsome present. What, had been done by him for Shepherdry he had done willingly and con- sidered it a duty to help forward any movement which tends to benefit the working classes.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
HEADACHE VICTIMS, READ !

The Wonderful Medicine, KER-NAK,

brings absolute Relief.

Mineral Drugs and Dangerous Powders no longer Required !

How many people endure a life of torture through constant headache ! Headache is the bane of many a poor woman's existence, render- ing her a cause of misery to all those around her. An attack may *last only a few minutes, or it may continue with the most excruciating, heavy, or " solitting" pains which assail some people day after day.

ker-Nak, the new natural remedy, puts an end to -headache by virtue of its being a medicine which soothes the system and rests the nerres while at the same time it restores the general health of the body. , _

Headache is generally the result of the nerves being out of order, but it must not be forgotten that the. nerves are thrown out of order in some instances by natural strtin as well as by weak- ness caused by other ailments. Nature never causes a strain without provid- ing a remedy. This fact the ancient Egyptians wisely recognised when they appealed to Nature for their remedies, and found they could make the most potent medicines by extracting thd medicinal properties from fruits, and concentrating these into a compound wholly healing. Ker-Nak. the new wonderful remedy for head- abbe, is in ideal medicine, possessing the laxative and curative equivalent of many,fruits rolled into one. Ker-Nak is mnst natural, because it alleviates and cureedisease, not by artificial and drastic means as to many old-fashioned pills, but in a soothing and natural way. Drugs and narcotics merely numb the pain for a while. Ker- Nak, without the aid of any mineral drugs or 'dangerous opiates soothes the nerves, regulates the stomach and thus quietly and 'completely cures all headache pains, removing at the same time the cause of the pain, and so ensuring last- ing relief •

The bilious headache is accompanied by a yellowish or sallow complexion, loss of appetite, severe pains across the temples sickness- anizziness, foul breath, a jaundiced iced eye, and ,irreaular bowel action. • Worry, over-work, late hours, chronic constipa- tion, a run—down, condition also frequently bring on racking, 'splitting" pains in the head. Ker-Nak Pills have both a tonic and laxative action, and are, thsrefore, a certain cure for the worst headache and its sister-ailment, ..Veuralgia.

'Ker-Nak is the unrivalled remedy for constipa- tion, indigestion, bilious attacks, piles, liver chill, headache, nausea, flatulence or wind, depression, anemia and •female ailments, pale, sallow and, sickly , complexions, sleeplessness, palpitation aches and pains in the back, shortness of breath, pimples, blood impurities, heartburn, loss of appetite, bad breath, and other prevalent liver, stomach, and bowel troubles ; rheamatisen, gout and influenza, and its after-effects.

Ker-Nak can be obtained from all chemists, or direct from Ker-Nak Natty al Remedy, Ltd., Turnmill. St., London, E.C., price is. I.ld. or 2s. 9d. per case (2s. 9d. family size contains three times the Is. 11,d.) A Ker-Nak a day keeps the doctor away.

tttY DEA 0 Another week gone, and now we are getting well into the autumn, with its fogs and rains. The long evenings by the fire are very pleasant, and now you have more time for reading. I have had many nice fetters during the past week, also several contributions. I must thank Harry Copp for several interesting anecdotes. lam always glad to receive these. I want some of my members to write me about their pets. Most of you, I expect, have some pet cat or dog. Send me a letter or card, telling me about them. To all senders I will forward one of my little pocket mirrors. Good-bye for this week. With by., from lINCLZ NED.

••••••+em•so " LAW " AND "GOSPEL"

Tt is related that a Scotch minister chanced to meet two of his parishioners in the office of a lawyer, whom he regarded as being too sharp. The lawyer jocularly and not very graciously put the question: "Doctor, these are members of your flock; may I ask, do you look upon them as black or white sheep?" "I don't know," answered the divine, drily, "whether they are black or white sheep; but I know if they are here long they are pretty sure tip be well fleeced." HARRY COPP.

ENGLISH

A twelve-year-old school girl recently pre- sented the following composition to her teacher. It would be a good exercise for our young readers to turn into correct English. C. "A right spite little buoy, the son of a kernel, with a rough round his neck, flue up the road as quick as a dear. After a thyme he stopped at the house and. wrung the belle. His tow hurt hymn, and he kneaded wrest. He was two tired to raze his fare, pail face, and a feint mown of pane rose from his lips. The made who herd the belle was about to pair a pare, but she through it down and ran with all her mite, for fear her guessed would not weight; but when she saw the little won, tiers stood in her eyes at the site. 'Ewe, poor dear. Why do you I.ye hear? Are yew dyeing ? ".Know,' he said, I am feint.' .She boar him inn her arms, as she aught, to a room where he mite be quiet, gave him bred and meet, held a cent bottle under his knows, untide his choler, rapped him- up warmly, gave him a suite drachm from a you, till at last Jae went fourth as hail as a young hoarse."

I MEANT TO. I did not rise at the breakfast-bell, But was so sleepy—l can't tell— • I meant to. The wood's not carried in. I know; • But there's the school-bell, I must go. I meant to. My lesson I forgot to write, But nuts and apples were so nice. I meant to. I forgot to walk on tiptoe; Oh, how the baby cries! 0! 0! • I meant to. There, I forgot to shut the gate, And put away my book and slate. I meant to. The cattle trampled down the corn. My slate is broken, my book is torn, I meant to. Thus drawls poor idle Jimmy Hite, From morn till noon, from noon till night:. I meant to. And when he grows to be a man, He heedlessly mars every plan With that poor plea, "I meant to." EMMA C. STOUT.

l'-'1...:57'.; .•;., ".",. ' `,...-... iii. .7 "::.:: ' -, " li'. *.- * '. - • 1r • .ti.,,j4;i -Nt.. , ~ . t.c...t- 41. •....... .. ' '2. cNZ., li i -....... • '4'7l, . ''.; :;1- .1.- ,

- .......„....„:„..„,,ii,,,A,:::,....:::.,..:.,!--/i•-:;:AV,:::P...,.* --z% •••-•:: . .. c '.' .z: . - "".• Vt, " 1-4 t, • . •,,,,••• .e1f,...*:',-:,...7.,,,..W....,;.......,..,.• •-• ••,..,•::. -- ...: ;•••••••4 ..,.. .c::;;:::.:: ... , •.` ; , ::::::. :•$., • : . -. •.„ ; ...,:tic ir•'"' .-.7 ..;'. 1.---''':44,::f..V..' -:'•-: :::. ; •-:. ' .''. I, ,-,•••• ',..„:i.::::.::ii . ;.. '...-•:1-:' 41.1!:' . . "1....':74-....:71.t•5•7:::::-:77:::•.:.71-t. .- 41t1MW .A . ''''''il:'. .;. .. '''' 'i. itt.,* ......it'• '..:-:....:-.... v.. .':-:'.::-.':',' i,OO. i et...:...::. -4 '.-j.),,i' :.... ~.-'-:f-4:R.-.7 .-:,,...,-...,:fi11; . . . ..• ' : , ;;.:. .; :-, ''.'..;:::•:•- ' •-f4s';:•'• --;-:,-:::;;:•:;,,,, ',,,, -'• ::,* :-• i'-': :••'-'•:.,,;*.',-:,- • .., •-, ,•., :,-. ff.4:-:.:-..... ~. : N e:- . :...:,;,-...::,.,.:.-•-:•::.:. ::::-. :. "::.*:;C.:,..::,:.::::?:•.:':.*:'. .1.% .1**5....,.., .:-:.,.:.::-:.i ,:.'.:•:..4 • .* ..• • • . • ... , ....• .. . . , ~.....::;,,Fgv , ..,,.. , . .•••• . .- ..., ..:-.::..... • 4....7„...:::::-.k...§..W -i.-:.::.:•:,:i.:; p::;::::::::::::. .4,1'4 . .......,":..- , ...,,,,,.... "...,......,..... •,:•: ••:..„ LtjP ..14..14:AC1 .•:,..;,..,::- , I . , . . • ......,t, - , ,%.-- t• ~ ._ •-... . . '?.:,..1...5.:_ - ......ii.iii.i7;;;;•7l;l?-. ...j— -; .:. .. - • ::..... ::-." NED• !"1-.---,3 ~:;.1.4 -.- :::1 •-, -...p.:.-. .•,. r...'......7.•:-••••;;:,-- - ,0.. '!;:.• I:, ~. id ~,elfii-Piikii-N - ''k....;%#£•':i:,..(Pf.g... _. '" 4iViiit.-.: :-.3',44.-17.i:Iiittl-13:::,••• - c'`''.:2.44;`,. '''' • ,0"1374- •7 "4 '4'.....'. '''''' ". -,w•- It CHILDREN,--. IN SOUND.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW EDDIE PREACHED.

"When I get big enough I'm going to be a preacher," said Eddie, one day. "What is a preacher ? " asked grandma. Eddie looked surprised. "Don't you know what a preacher is? A preacher is a man who tells people what the Bible means. And he says, Thirdly, my brethren,' and everybody listens to him. It's nice to have people listen to you." Grandma smiled. "I- think you are big enough to preach now," she 'said. "Really and truly, grandma?" asked the little boy, eagerly. "Yes, really and truly." "I'm 'fraid not," said Eddie, after a few minutes of thought, "or I'd know how, and I don't."

"What does the preacher do first?" asked grandma. "He takes a text and then 'splains it. I can't do that."

"Oh, yes, you can," said grandma. "Here is a good text for you to explain: Be ye kind one to another.'"

"There's nothing to 'eplain 'bout that," said Eddie. "You just be kind to everybody, and that's all there is of it."

"A good text, though, for my little preacher's first sermon. I should like to have him preach from it for a week." _

"Preach a week? Why, grandma, I can't." "Can't you be kind to everybody you meet for one week?"

Eddie looked thoughtful. "Would that be preaching?" he asked. "It would, and the very best kind. A good preacher has to preach in that way, or people will not listen to what he says in the pulpit." "Well," saki Eddie, with a sigh, I suppose I can try; but I wasn't thinking 'bout that kind of preaching." "You'll be showing everybody what that verse in the Bible means, you know," said grandma.

"It's not kind to the teacher to whisper in school," said Eddie, the next day; and he did not whisper once. "It's not kind to Bridget to play along the road and keep my dinner waiting, either"; and he hurried home from school. - -

"It's not being kind to mamma when I don't do errands promptly," he said; and he did quickly and well whatever he was bid. Every day and all day he thought about what was kind, and tried to do it. The end of the week; came. "How do you like preaching?" asked grandma. "Why, I like it; but, grandma, I guess every- body has been preaching 'bout that text, for everybody has been so kind to me,"

===== 0002601_19071019_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THOUGHT HE MIGHT DO,

Mulligan. a strong, powerful labourer, was seeking a job. He did his best to persuade the clerk of the works, but the latter pointed him to the board bearing the words, "No hands wanted." Mulligan looked at the board, and said, "That may be so. You may not need any more hands; but can you use me feet, now that your steam roller's broken down?" HARRY Corr.

"A little incident in my garden, I think, m 33 be interesting to your readers," writes a cor- respondent. "A starling had been caught by the leg in the eaves under the roof of my cot- tage; and, judging by its pitiful cries, was in great pain: Its struggles attracted five or six other starlings, Who at once started to search for worms and other food, with which they fed the little prisoner, evidently thinking that thi, would in some way alleviate its pain. I was able to set the bird free, although its leg wati broken."

BE TRUE, BE TRUE,

Be true, little girl, be true; Truth is a jewel rare, -And pure as the mountain dew:

Cultivate truth with care. If you would have Goa love you,

Be true, little girl, be true. Be true, little boy. be true; Truth is a manly thing.

The path of duty pursue Now in your early spring. If you would have God love you, 3 Be true, little boy, be true.

A stone cotan containing a skeleton in gd preservation was found by Mr. IV. nclliiig whilc constructing a celery trench in his garden nt Thetford, Norfolk. The coffin is hewn, out of a solid piece of stone, and is shaped out for tin- hea,d and hands. The sides and lid are about 4 in. thick. The skeleton its 6 ft. 5 in. in length and is supposed to be that Of some church digit tary in the Saxon times.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
HONESTY.

A nobleman was once asked for a trifle in.the• High-street of Edinburgh by a little ragged boy. He said he he no change, upon which the boy offered to procure it. His lordship, in order to get rid of his importunity, gave him a piece of silver, which the boy conceived was to be. changed, and ran off for the purpose. On his. :eturn. not finding his benefactor, whom he ex- rected to wait, he watched for several days in :he place where he had received the meney. At length the nobleman happening again to pass that way, the boy accosted him, and put the change he had procured into his hand, count- Ing it with great exactness. His lordship was so nleased with the boy's honesty. that he placed him at school, with the assurance of providing for him.

TRY AGAIN. There is a little word That never should be heard. Those who are brave and good Never say "can't." What if the task is long? What if the sums go wrong? If at first you don't succeed, Try again. One hasty word 'twix friends, Oft in a quarirel ends, Then try to make amends, Never say "can't." If you have given pain. Try to make friends again, Kind words are never vain, Try again.

Professor De Candolle, of Geneva, has re- cently brought together many interesting facts tbout the latent life of seeds, and their ability to withstand very low temperatures. After re- calling instances in which coeds have sprouted after lying apparently dead for hundreds of years—in one case 1,500 years—he gives the re- sults of experiments on subjecting seeds to a freezing cold. Corn, oats, fennel, and some flower seeds were exposed during 118 dayti to a, emperature of 40 deg. Fahrenheit below zero. kfterward, when placed in suitable surround- ings, nearly all of the fennel, oat, and corn iceds, and many of the others, germinated. He oncludea that the protoplasm, or the principle .)f life, in a resting seed, is in a state of inac- tion not comparable to that of a smouldering Lire. but rather like that of a chemical mixture. which is capable of forming a combination, whenever the required conditions of tempera- ture and illumination are prteent.

4-

Glass bathtubs are rapidly coming: into use. in Germany. They possces several adyantages over those of metal and enamel.. the principal one being that they are much cheaper.. They are. made in a solid piece, and one can be..turned out complete in about- five minutes.

A New York banker, named John Farson. has .ntroduced an evening suit of full white to, liicago society. The coat has- satin: facings, :he waistcoat was a creation in pale-cream satin, embroidered with delicate roses of pink and Everybody, including Mr. Farson, was qappy. Mr. Farson is a social :leader with con ~ictions, and with the courage of them.

-In the forests of New Guinea hideous spiders, Nall bodies r 6 big as saucers, make fishnets for he cannibal natives. The natives set up in :he forest long poles with wooden: rings at the ipper end—net frames. The spiders weave -.heir coarse, strong webs within the wooden sings, and, when the nets are quite finished, he natives come, and, taking up their spider- :lade nets. set off gravely on a fishing excursion.

200 YEARS A SECRET.

GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES.

For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has been kept in one Family. Its curative action is wonderful in all cases of WOUNDS. CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, and all SKIN TROUBLES. It at once soothes and heals, aryl cannot hurt the most _ _ _

_ delicate skin. In many cases of very long standing it has I quickly cured, even when doctors have despaired. Frac for 14stamps. GRANNIE CO \I PA N v

===== 0002601_19071019_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19071019_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
I

aa• ''

' 1:1;‘,7",

===== 0002601_19071019_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
______...-..-, -, 1

===== 0002601_19071019_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

OCT-OBE R.

7RO ARRILIGION

Acton Li rage-7 14, 740, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 10, 1 15. 25, a 3 35, b:6, 5 50, 6 21, 725 p.m. Sunday, /0 15 a.m. a -xedeesia,,is and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 11,8 35, a 9 58, bll 42, all 55, a.m. 1 54, 4 39, 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, U p.m Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 60, p.m.. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturday euty. Blackpool (L. and N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 30, 7 11, 8 35, 9 53, 11 42, 1,1 55 a.m. 1 54, 4 39, 6 28,7 20,3 37, 9 8, p.:u. Sundays 8 42, a.m. G 0 p.m. b Saturdays only. Chester-7 34, 817, 8 53, 95, 10 23, 11 30 a.m. 12 30, 1 49, 1 58, 2 30, 3 19, 4 45, 5 6, 64, 7 54,8 5,10 18,11 35 11 37, p.m. Sundays-8 42, 10 45 a.m. 745, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green 7 5, 85, 8 25, 10 10, 10 55 a.m. 1225, 2 45, 3 45, 515, 637, 78, 740, 925, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 34,9 sa.m. 12 30,230,3 19, 56, 64, 85,10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham 1-lill-7 36, 9 5 a.m. 1230, 230, 3 19, 64, 744 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 75, 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 14,10 55, 11 r 4; a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 2 45,3 45,350, 6 15, 6 37, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 46, 8 35, 843 a.m. 510,60,757,954 p.m. Ferry and Penketh-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 515,617, 80, 100 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 34, 9 5 10 23 10 30, a.m. 12 30 2 30, 3 19.4 22, 5 6, 6 4, 7 54:8 5, 10 20,311 35 p.m.Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golboriie-5 30, 75, 85, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 3 50, 5 10, 7 20, 10 23 par. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 56, 64, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m, Irlam,Cadishead-7 0,7 50 88, 9 3 a.m, 22, 4 58, 710, 9 15, all 50 p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 18, 11 32 a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18, 935 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49,5 15 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 9 25 p.m. Suf.days 6 30,8 46 a.m.3 5,8 10 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturday only. Li verpool C. L.C.)-a4 40,5 35,7 5,7 54,8 2,d8 35,8 50, 95, 9 50, 10 35. 10 50, 1130 am. 120, 12 50, 110, bl 13,1 50;2 17, 2 50, 3 13,3 50. 3 56,4 5,4 10.4 50, 5 2, 550, 7 5, 7 50, 80, 8 50, 855, 940, 1015, 1040, blO 42, bll 15,11 38, 11 47 p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, o Saturdays excepted, Sundays 4 40, 535,90, 9 53,11 20 Ban. 2 20, 239, 446, 6 22, 7 10, 828, 9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. a N.W.)-s4 51, b 5 25, 7 11,7 27, 23, 9111, 109, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 1223, 155, 245, 3 20, 3 45, 3 47' 5 15, 620.78, 740, 80, 9 25, 10 0, 10 30, ell 30 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. cSattirdays ouly.Sundays,4 51,5 20, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 28, 5 10, 60,b 0, 10 8 p.m. Lynam-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, aB3O, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bll 40 p.m. b stops when require 3. Manchester (L. and N.-W)-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 56, 530, b 7 11, 85, 823, 8 35, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55 %.Irs• 1219, 115, 2 41, 245, 3 31, 350, 4 26, 5 53, 6 33, 7 20, 86, 9 22, d 940. 10 23 p.m. Sundays 2 55, 4 56, 7 55 a.m. 5 15, 6 0, 7 57, p.m. a Mondays only. b Mondays excepted. d Mondays and Saturdays only. Manchester (C.L.C.)- 6 55, 7 57, 88, 8 55, 93, 9 55, 10 55, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 1 55, 255, 355, 4 55,4 53, 5 55, 6 55, 710, 755. 822, 8 55 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, ti 1125, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sundays 9 22, 10 18, 11 22 a.m 30, 3 15, 4 57, 50, 7 18, 8 55, 9 15, 9 25, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 10 20, a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 2 55, a 3 35 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 55,b4 45,5 30,7 5,8 5,8 35, 9 19,9 25,10 10, 10 40.10 55' 11 55. a.m. 12 18.12 25, 1 15, 1 50, 2 45, 3 31. 3 50, 426, 4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 922 10 23, 10 30. all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 7 46, 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Mondays only. Padgate-6 55, 7 45, 88, 8 35, 10 35, 11 22 s-m. 12 18, 1 41, 3 55, 4 58. 5 33, 65, 7 10. 8 22, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0, 9 25 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23. 9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 320,347, 515, 6 17, 8 0, 10 0 pm. Sankey-7 5, 8 2,9 5, 10 0, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, hi 0, al 8, 2 15, 3 23, 4 10. 5 28, 6 26, 7 5, 80, 90, blO 9, alo 42, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 20 a.m. 2 39, 97. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b S4turdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-7 30. 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.m. 240, 8 0 p.m. St. Helena (L. a N.-W.l-7.5, 8.25.10.10, 10 55, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3 20,3.45, 5.15, 6.37, 7.8, 7.40, 8.0. 9.25, 10.0, 10.30. a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 8.35, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays only. Sonthport C.L.O. -7.5.8 35, a 9.36, 10.25, 11.2, 12 0 a.m.1.27, 3.18, 4 10,5 2,b6.20,6 30, 7.40, 8 0, 9.10,10.40, p.m. Sundays, 9.35, am. 2.6,9.7. p.m. aNlendays, Wednesdays, and Saturday+ only. bSaturdays excepted. Thal wall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55.10 53, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 5, 8 35, 9 59, 10 55, 11 429 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 1 50, 3 50. 4 46. 5 15, 6 28, 7 20, 837, 98,10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.hr. 3 35, 6 0, 9 54 p.m. Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 5, 95, 10 11 5 a.m. 12 0, al 0, bl 13. 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 26, 7 5, 8 0, 9 0, alO o,blo 37 p.m. a Saturdays exceuted, b Saturdays only. Sundays 90,9 35 a.m. 2 39, 918 p.m.

Sundays 8 15 a.m. 2 25, 715 p.m. Manchester(Central)-5 55,6 30, 7 30,733,8 30,59 5, 9 30, 9 33, 10 5, 10 30, 10 :35, 11 no 12 :30, 12 50, 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 3 45, 4 30, 4 35, 5 30, 60, 6 30, 6 35, 7 10, 7 30, 8.30, 835, 920, 1020, alo 55, 11 0 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 30, 95, 9,30, 10 30 a.m. 1 40, 2.0,2 5, 60, 6 33, 8 30, 9 40 p.m. Manchester (London Road.)-7 5,7 50,9 20, 10 25, a.m. 12 30, b 1 5, 2 0,2 55, 3 40, a 5 0, 5 20, 65, 6 55, 95, 11 0, p.m. Sundays 7 30. a.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. a Saturdays ex‘dpted. b Saturdays only. Moore-6 56, 96,11 9 a.m. 12 32, a 3 1, 48, 4 55, 373 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 4 58p.m, a Wednes- days and Saturdays only.

-55, 7 20, s 42, 97, 9 20, 10 9, 10 22, 11 8 a.m. 12 35, al 5, al 28, 1 44, 37, 4 48, 55, 5 38, 549,627,730,85, 931, 103, 114, all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3 40, 7 20, 11 7 p.m. a Saturda.Ns only. Padgate-6 27, 6 SR, 7 53, 8 29,9 0. 10 3 a.m. 1 20, 8 0.2 15,5 5, 6 18, 7 5, 9 6, 10 25. 11 32 p.m. Sundays 2 52, 11 14 a.m. 2 33,9 12, 10 14, p.m. Runcorn-5 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 21, 14, 3 7,4 40, 5 41, 6 30, 8 10, 10 10 p.m.. Sankey-7 5, 7 50, 8 27, 9 30,10 16, 10 35 a.m.12 36 1 35, 1 40, 2 35, 3 43,4 35, 5 26,5 36, 6 23, 7 25, 8 28, 9 32, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m. 4 8,8 54, p.m. Southport-8 0, 90, 10 15, 10 40, 12 23, 1 30, 2 45, 4 5, 4 10, 5 25,7 15,8 5,a9 5,10 o.Sundays 9 0,20, 750, a Saturdays only. Thelwall -7 51, 8 36, 8 18, 9 58, 11 7 a.m. al 41, 2 9, 2 55' 3 34, 4 22 b 5, 35, 6 3, 6 45, 7 35 11 28 p.m. Sundays, 8 19 a.m. 2 59, 719 a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-a2 $9, b 3-10, 6 33, 8 15, 17, 9 54, 10 0, 11 38 a.m. 12 5, 1 26, 2 30, 3 27, 4 20,4 56, 520 6 55, 75, 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 39, 930 a.m. 3 25, 6 55, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only.

1 15, 9 47, I p.m.

LARGEST CRATER ON THE EARTH. The volcano Aso-san, in Southern Japan, on the Island of Siushu, possesses the largest crater known on the earth. It is about four- teen miles across in one direction, by ten or eleven in the other, and is surrounded by walls of an average height of 2001 t. Al- though the volcano is still active, its erup- tions consist only of ashes and dust. In- deed, a range of volcanic mountains, evi- dently of subsequent formation, extends directly across the old crater. In these par- ticulars Aso-san resembles some of the craters of the moon, where a long history of successive and gradually enfeebled outbreaks of volcanic force is graphically represented.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

Acton Bridge-6 41,7 20, 8 51, 10 57 am. 12 30, a 3 0,3 55, 4 36, 7 20,8 40,Surplas 7 59 a m. 4 42 p.m. a Wednesdays and. Saturdays only. Blackpool (L et N.-W.)-8 0, 8 25, 9 10,10 2,10 20, 11 10,a.in. 1 15,1 20, 2 52, 4 55, 44,8 30. o 9 10, 10 5, blO 25 p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 15, 4 50, 8 50, 10 15 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. • c Thursdays only. Blackpool (L. et N.-W. Talbot lload)-7 8, 8 40, 9 47,10 15, 11 25 a.m. 1 37, 3 28, 427, 5 20, 7 0, 8 45, 10 0,1030 p.m. Sundays 7 25 a.m. 1 37,5 8, 7 30 p.m. Chester-2 25, b 4 24. 7 23, 8 41. 9 40, 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 20, 2 10, 30, 3 50, 4 10, 5 15. 5 23, 6 30,7 25, 7 55, 8 10. 850 p.m. Sundays 2 25,4 20, 6 40, 715 p.m. h Nlondays excepted. a Mondays and Saturdays only. c Saturdays only. Collins Green-6 40, 79, 845, 1024, 11 23 am. 1243, 2 10, 3 5,4 1, 5 38, 6 42, 7 47, 9 6, alO 43, 10 58 p.m. Stindays'B 10 a.m. 7 •r 5 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. • Daresbitry-8 11, 1017,11 18 a.rn.2 49,6 2,7 11,8 44 p.m. Sundays 721 a.m. 7_47 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 39, 9 52. 10 52 a.m. 2.22, 35, 6 47, 822 p.m. Sundays 648 rt.m. 7 9 p.m. Earlestown-7 2, 7 13, 8 47,.850. 9 IS, 9 45, 10 26, 10 36, 11 23 a.m. 12:38, 1 14, 23, 327, 5 10, 543, 5 52, 6 55, 7 43, 88, 9 10, 9 34, 10 47, all 1, al2 0 a.m. a- Saturdays only. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 9 57, 10 3 a.m. 3 45, 7 24, 10 2 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-79, 8 51, 9 42, 10 45 a.m. • 12 3. al2 57, 24, 3 27. 5 4. 6 2, 6 58, 9 14 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Saturdays only. Frodsham-7 53, 90, 10 1. 11 1, a.m. 231, 49, 5 44,6 58, 8 31, p.m. Sunday 7-1, a.m. 724 p.m. Golborne-6 44, 8 211, 10 12.ii.m. :2 17, 2 41, 4 31, 5 30, 7 15, 9 21, 10 42, a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 7 5 p.m. Helshy-7 43, 8 56, 9 37,10 57, a.m. 2 27, 4 4.4 27, 5 40, 6 54, 8 27, p.m. Sunda) 6 53. a.m. 7 18, p.m. Irlam and Cadishertd-6 19, 6 48, 7 36, 9 33, a.m. 17, 4 54. 6 34. 855, 1120. p.m. Sundays 921, 110, a.m. 1 20,2 22.6 55, 8 50, 100 p.m. Latchford-7 55. 8 40, 9 22, 102, 11 11 a.m. 1 20. al 45, 2 13. 30, 3 38, 4 26, b 5 39, 67, (4 49, 7 39, 9 52, cll 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. c Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m, Liverpool ;C.L.C.)-510, 630. 730, 7 49,4 15, 8 30, 8 35, 9 20. 9 30, 9 33. 9-45, 10 30, 11 5. 11 30,11 33 11 50 a.m. 12 30. 12 48, 10, 1 25, 1 45, 230, 240.243,40, 4 30, 4 83, 4 43, 5 30. 336, 630 6 35, 7 30, 8 :10, 8 36, 8 40, 9 30, WO 50, HO, 11 33 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. .b Saturday:l only. Sundays 7 50. 8 55, 10 45, 11 15 sm. 2 30,3 20, 3 55, 4 30, 6 13, ?0, 8 30, 9 35, p.m'. Liverpool (L. A: N.-W.)-a 2 85,5 50,6 10, 7 50,85, 8 35, 95, 9 30, 9 55, 11 0 a.m. 12 21' 1 20, 2 45, 30, 3 35, 4 20, 4 50. 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 25. 830, 90, blO 5, 10 45, bll 15-p.m. a Mondays only. h Saturdays only..finndAys 7 35,9 20a.m.2 10, 6 310,7 15,1045 p.m, Lymru-7 48,8 32,9 14, 951,1! 3 a.M. 1 11, *1 37, 25, 2 50, 330, 4 18, b 5 31, 559, 6 41, 781, 9 43, 11 33 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdaysexcepted.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
I THE SETTLER'S .°` 'k ...1 • IDEAL HOME Ak, . 5 ~. , .4`

===== 0002601_19071019_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
RUDE HEALTH.

Health, strength, vitality, energy, organic efficiency, nerve power, and life itself are all dependent on the blood. The blood is liquid life, by which the mechanism Of the body and brain is nutr Hied. Good rich blood is nature's cure for all diseases. Poor blood makes all feel worn out and not fit for the work which the ! present generation is called on to give. An eminent ! authority on health prescribes the following, which is said to make the liver and kidneys do their proper ! work after a very short course, thereby cleansing the system of all impurities that have collected in the blood. The prescription is :—Tincture of Bnchu, one ! ounce; Karox Compound, one ounce; Syrup of Lemon, two ounces. Mix together by well shaking in a bottle, and take a teaspoonful after each meal and at bedtime. Any good c enlist keeps the three i ngredients of this prescription. Try it for a week and note resu It.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
FCOTBALL FIXTURES.

Northern 'Rugby Union.

The following fixtures have been arranged for the forthcoming season : WARRINGTON. home

1907. Sept. 7 Leigh „ 14 Rochdale Hornets.. away „ 21 Runcorn home 28 St. Helens 5 Oldham „ 12 Runcorn (LC.) away , 19 Widnes „ 26 Barrow Nov. 2 Salford „ 9 Ebbw Vale .. away „ 16 Rochdale „ 23 Broughton away ~ 30 Wigan Dec. 7 Swinton home 14 Oldham „ 21 New Zealand home „ 25 Leigh „ 26 Widnes Dec. 28 1908. Jan.

For. Agst.

28 10 5 0 14 6 7 7 10 13 2

Oct.

I Runcorn 4 Salford „ Ii Barrow „ IS Swinton „ 25 Broughton home Feb. 1 „ 8 Bradford away „ 15 lAigan away „ 22 „ 29 Cup-tie Mar. 7 Bradford home „ 14 „ 21 Ebbw Vale „ 28 April 4 St. Helens.... PP 11

.... home

RUNCORN.

1907. For Agst. hept. 7 Halifax „ 14 Leigh „ 21 Warrington

_ ~ 28 Wigan - home 21 2 Oct. 5 Swinton „ 12 Warrington(LC) hon.() „ 19 St. Helens away „ 20 Broughton home Nov. 2 Oldham „ 9 Merthyr home 16 Salford .., 23 Widnes „ 27 New Zealand home „ 30 Rochdale Dec. 7 Hnll away „ 14 ‘Vidnes 9 t 21 Barrow . . „ 25 Sc. Helens home , 20 : 28 19'08. Jan. 1 Warrington I, 4 Rochdale away !! 11 Swinton home „ 18 W!gan awn r

-Y „ 25 Hi.]lt home Feb. 1 Salford „ 8 „ 15 Barrow „ 22 Leigh „ 29 Cap-tie Mar. 3 Halifax

„ 21 Broughton Oldhzign April 4 9) 11 Merthyr

===== 0002601_19071019_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Benger's Food is retained and assimilated by the most delicate stomach. It is much more suitable for the hand-reared child than cow's • milk alone, because, when . prepared, it contains the proper , elements of nutrition in more suitable conditions, and in right proportions. Benger's ; Food is rich and creamy, , easily digested and highly nutritive. . , t " 210 .fk A Vlll.- FOOD Sold by Chemiats, (516 ovetwohlire.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
iMiNEMIEU4kr"-4°°'"`mrlis?'"

FACTS ABOUT STEEL.

Microscopic study is adding much to our knowledge of the properties of steel. It has been shewn, for example, that there is an im- portant difference between steels rolled, or annealed, below a temperature of about 750 deg. Centigrade and those annealed at higher temperatures, which are thought to have been overheated. They do not endure " fatigue " so well as those annealed at the lower temperature. The permanent and in- jurious microscopic strains are more minutely subdivided and more uniformly distributed in the less heated steels, and this fact is re- gairded as explaining their superior ability to endure "fatigue." ,

===== 0002601_19071019_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
BOILING-POINTS OF METALS.

One of the last contributions to science made by Henri Moissan, the French chemist, was a classification of the boiling-points of metals. His experiments with the electric furnace demonstrated that there exists no known solid which cannot be volatilised in the laboratory. In the meantime other ex- perimenters have shown that every gas, ex- cept perhaps helium, can be liquefied, and even solidified. Moissan found that certain families of metals are peculiar with regard to volatilisation. The platinum family, for instance, has a very high boiling-point, much higher than that of gold. Manganese is the most volatile; nickel comes next; iron is re- fractory to a high degree; and molybdenum and tungsten have the highest boiling-points in the entire list.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE AND CHILD LIFE

During the last quarter of a century sta- tistics have shewn a notable increase of the average expectation of the length of human life from birth. It appears that within 100 years this average for most civilised coun- tries has grown from twenty-eight to fifty- three years. The statistics vary for different countries, but all shaw an advance. How- ever, as the French scientific journal, La Nature, points out, this does not mean that the chances have been evenly increased throughout the duration of life, but rather that they have been enormously increased during gne period of life, namely, that of in- fancy, and to a smaller degree in after years. Owing to the progress of hygiene and medi- cal science, the causes of infant mortality have been largely eliminated, the reefs at the commencement of the voyage of life are in the main avoided, and the average length of life, counting from the start, appears increased for all.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER SCORPIONS,

In the Biological Bulletin Mr. S. J. Holmes has some interesting notes on the habits of young "water scorpions." These creatures, it may be noted, are not really scorpions, but belong to the class Insecta. The species studied is Ranatra quadriden- tata, a native of America. One of the peculi- arities of the water-scorpion is the death. feint. When in this state it may be cut in two without giving any response. Shaniming death, as this phenomenon is often called, is usually thought to be an instinct

EVOLVED 'BY NATURAL SELECTION for the protection of the species.- In the case of the American species, however, which rarely leaves the water of its own accord, while the death-feint is only manifested when the insect is in the air, Mr. Holmes con- cludes that it is "rather an incidental result of certain physiological peculiarities of the organism than an instinct which has been built up by natural selection for the benefit of the species." The author finds a similar difficulty in accounting for the strong attrac- tion which light has for this insect. In the air near a bright light it becomes wrought up b the highest pitch of excitement in its efforts to reach it. No useful purpose can be ascribed to this curious behaviour.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RADIUM ATOM.

One of the chief difficulties in; the study of radium is the minute quantities of this ele- ment with which chemists have to work. And even these minute quantities are ex- tremely difficult to obtain, and the neces- sary purifications are long and complicated. Another difficulty in the way 'of obtaining exact data is that the element itself haa never been obtained, but only certain of ite compounds, such as the chloride and bro- mide. In these circumstances it ,is a triumph of manipulative skill to have determined with any degree of accuracy the atomic - weight of radium. When some few years agc Madame Curie first determined it, she had at her disposal for this purpose only nine-hun- dredths of a gramme of highly-purified radium chloride. With • , THIS MINUTE QUANTITY she made the ne,cessary determinations, and found the atomic weight of radium to be 225, Comparing this figure with those asSociated with the other elements, we find, says the Globe, that the atomic weight .of radium ex- ceeds all the others except those of thorium and uranium. Of these the former is 233, and the latter 240. Now according to the modern view of the atom as made up of electrons, elements of high atomic weights, by dis- charging certain of their electrons , give rise to elements of smaller atomic *eights. Hence thorium and uranium are regarded as the parent elements of radium.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
COLOURING GEMS.

The entanglements of sunlight, which pro- duce the rich colourings in • certain precious stones, demonstrating that , even such hard substances as '.(crystals blossom forth at cer- tain epochs as radiantly as flowers in the most beautiful garden, are, we know, due to the agency of vibration. The spectrum, 14 dividing what is called white light into its constituent parts, produces all the prismatic harmonies of the rainbow. • The ruby makes permanent, in the most vivid manner, one of the upper partials of the fundamental Jane- tint. Sapphire retains for ages the azure of the heavens. The emerald fixes a permanent portrayal of the purest verdure which grati- fies the eye at the height of summer. But now the German iiavant, Mr. Miethes, in his " Annalen der Physik," demonstrates that, by means of

EXPOSURE TO RADIUM, the hues of pricions stones, excepting the ruby, can be altered. The influence of radium-liromide will turn a white diamond lemon-colour in eight days. In another eight days the light lemon be,comes a bright chrome. This applies to the Kimberley but not to the Brazilian stone. In two. days a light-blue Ceylon sapphire becomes a light yellow, and afterwards reddish yellow. Then it approaches the chestnut brown. Subse- quent heating causes these various shades to transpose themselves back again, but a yellow tint is permanent.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
\.ornoravr

===== 0002601_19071019_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
lIMMIti

===== 0002601_19071019_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON AND •DISTRICT LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION. Goals.

P. NV. L. D. For Agst. Pts. Buttonwood St. Paul's 6 5 1 0 18 7 10 Fairfield Lymtn Oughtringt on Park Penketh Buttonwood Social Pvlarals' A.F.C. Warrington Central Nlonks' Flail A.F.C. 4 1 2 1 4 14 3 Latchford 3 1 2 0 5 6 2 Palatine Warrington St. Paul's 4 0 4 0 4 15 0 St. Itarnatas

f,Ecoso DlvisfoN. Orford A.F.O 5 4 0 1 14 4 9 St. Elphin's Warrington Central Rev 4 3 1 0 9 9 6 Warrington St. .lobn's 5 3 2 0 • 10 7 6 St. Mary's Walker's A.F.C. Oughtrington Park lies 4 1 2 1 G 8 3 Monk, Hall Reserves .0 6 8 2 Fairfield Reservf a 4 1 3 0 4 9 2 Arnley Park Juuiurs Matches for October 10th. St. Barnabas' v. Warrington 't. Paul's. 1 atchford v. Burtonvrod St. Paul's. Palatine v. Fairfield.

Warrington Central v. Ilylands. Monks, Hall v. Penketh. St. .10m' V. s v St. Eli)Lin's. `. _ •

I.Vnlkees v. Nlonk's.Fltill Heserves.

Orford V. St. Mary's. Arpley V. Fairfield. __

Results for October 12th.

Burtonwood St. Paul's 5, Warrington St. Paul's 1. Warrington Central 2, Burtonwood Social 3. Rylands' 3, Latchford 1. Fairfield 1, Lyinin 6. Penketh 5, St. Barnabas 0. St. John's 2, Fairfield Reserves 1. Monks' Hall Rea. 3, Oughtrington Park Res. 2. Walkers' 1, St. Elphin's 2. St. Mary's 3, Arpley 2. WARRINGTON ELEMENTARY SCHOOLS

LEAGUE. RESULTS TO SATURDAY.

—Goals—

P. W. L. D. For. Agst. Pts. Parochial - 4 St. Mary's 2 ... 2 ... U 0 ... 14 ... 1 ... 4 St. Barnabas' 2 2 ... 0 ... 0 ... 18 ... 3 ... 4 Silver Street- 1 ... 1 ... 0 ... 0 ... 3 ... 1 ... 2 Beament 2 ... 1 ... 1 ... 0 ... 7 ... 7 ... 2 Arpley Street 2 ... 1 ... 1 ... 0 ... 4 ... 4 ... 2 Heathside SL James' Trinity .. Hamilton St 2 ... 0 ... 2 ... 0 ... 1 7 0 Orford 1 ... 0... 1 ... ... 1 ... 14 ... 0

Hamilton-street lust nt home to Parochial, by 4-2. The winners wire p4rhaps best represented by Milling- ton. The losPr,' balf-back line was weak.

On Monday evening St. gary's anl .11eamont tried conclusions. St. Mary's boys were in grand form, and put on six goals :Lcaiiist Beamout's one. A feature of the game was tho miming and centering of the winners wing men, and the shooting of the inside men, McGarr at centre prforming the hmt trick. Millward and Glover were always safe at half-back. The full-backs and goalkeeper of Beamont played well; particularly the latter, Higginhottom, who brought off some' splendid saves.

In the match between St. Barnahas' and Arpley-street the St. Baru:ants' forwisrdssluhrod a ',erten, um:or:dam'. ing, and scored four goals. Arpley-street scored twice Their best man was Watson.

Heathside played a greatly improved game when they met Trinity, Lager, Hatton and Grimhbaw, all showing good form. For Trinity Williams at half and Berry at full-back played well, the former scoring Triuity's goal. Result : Heatbsido, four ; Trinity, one.

Sold everywhere in boxes, price 111 i (56 pills) & 2[9 (168 pills). IP StP lir V4O go glio MP 449 er 'W' V IP

'0 FFE E.

ON THE WAVE 9 POPI/L.4RITY

THE' C . ANYBODY ;CAN 'Ora, •1, • _ • P7141(E. e r •12 ‘;•40 ' , • • „...:4/f_f , • ' " " . ' r' •• - • / ! a • ,*

===== 0002601_19071019_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
: 7.• • - , -

===== 0002601_19071019_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES ENGINEER'S APPOINTMENT.

Mr. J. U. Davies, assistant engineer to the Widnes Gas and Water Board, has been appointed manager of the Oswaldtwistle District Council's gasworks. There were 121 applicants for the positioth

===== 0002601_19071019_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Unequalled for the Cure of Back. OSBORNE'S 7:leihsee,Pai3irre in the L egular Iciritnßroifhttes BACKACH E Excretory Organs, Rheumatism, Giddiness, & KIDNEY Grayer Droofpsßylmdsak PILLS. caused by weak and Filing s Kidneys. They act like MAGIC. Speedy Relief and Cure. Send to-day. Testimonials daily. Price 1/11, 2j9, and Ca per box, post free.

OSBORNE'S FRUIT CONSTIPATION & LIVER PILLS. Act like a charm, without Griping sever fails to Cure. Sold by all Chemists price 1.114, 9/9, and 4/6 post free, or from Tax OSBORNE . DAVIS MZDICINE Co., 24 Mathew Street, Liverpool. 100/0 A YEAR. Payable n per cent. quarterly in the Participating Absolutely Guaranteed Gold Bonds issued by _ _

AMERICAN COMMERCIAL EXCHANGE. Agents Wanted Everywhere., Permanent employment, good pay, quick advance- ment. Address AMERICAN COMMERCIAL EXCHANGE, 1135 Broadway, New York; or Walter T. Roberson, Special Representative. ea Bale Mice, London, S.W.

211- OVERCOATS. 211. 25/- SUITS. 25/" Newest Patterns, Latest Styles, Perfect Fitting, im- possible to beat. Hundreds of Testimonials. Not factory made, but by High-filass Bespoke Tailors. Distance no object. Send postcard at once for Patterns, Fashions, Self-measurement Forms, dro., carriage paid. Ladies' Costumes lowest prices.—LAITHWAITE & CO, 19 Cannon Street, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
WM/ fIiPP'"FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE." 441

===== 0002601_19071019_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER & CO.,

HAVE A GREAT REPUTATION FOR POSTER PR INTING

===== 0002601_19071019_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19071019_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0111) 46) 416 do

===== 0002601_19071019_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEMMM!MM

===== 0002601_19071019_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19071019_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
_ river, opeL , conditions the enjoyment of the sweet, music of the

COLUMBIA GRAPH-o-ph one. Get the name right. COLUMBIA G. o-phone—the Talking Machine that has taken more highest possible awards than all others put together. Prke Book 20" rives particulars and disc models from a guinea up. Ask/or", ayment Terms" sr interested. All dealers, or viral .sorest branch. COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH Co., Gen'l., 64 & 66, Oxford St., London, W. GLASGOW: 50, 1 CUFF: 96,St.Mary St. MANCHEST Market St.

,RAPH.

outdoor _0 • 4 7"0 4 , -: . • fi partiesif 4, , _, "6. ••\ .. i (111 I a. ' \ ",', la 1.1 ~, ) • .".. .;,..,,,v‘ • efir4=l- -.11•11111) ..,..-- ....... t - : -1....._. I. tliat:r, 101...... •,..i' V,V1,11.4 1 -----:::_,n,,, p0,.."0-',..... „,......cei• . 10.' ' , - -- In the cool of the garden, , on the -" ,or anywhere In the ' trt air, are ideal for , ' natural / i /Mk ..---t. -------,

s of cylinder for" Easy Payme, nearest bra

: so, Union St., CARDI ER: 54. '

===== 0002601_19071019_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
HANDSOME FREE GIFTS

With each order for one Dress Length of our NEW WYLWYRWELL FABRIC, value 7/6, 8/11, or 9/6, we shall present,. absolutely free. a Silver Brooch, Charm, Glove Mirror. Seal, or Hat Pin, all Hall- marked and worth from 1/11 to 2,6 each. HOW TO PROCEED.—Write at once for Patterns and full particulars and select which articis you prefer.

Patterns and Price List Post Free (need not be returned).

LUTAS LEATHLEY 8‘ CO., IA, Wylwyrwell Warehouse, ARMLEY, LEEDS.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
~K -„,---7-----....,:... „.,.:.., _. ... , ... -: ~. ~ ~,..

E , •

===== 0002601_19071019_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
CURE THE WORST COUGH

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THERAPION Thissuccessful po- pular remedy, used in continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostanjobert,Veln- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for inanuritvolldood.spots,blotelics,pain &swellingofjoints, kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischartes, piles, gravel, painsin back, gout,rhemna tism.exhaustion, sleeplessness, Three forms, Nos. 1,2 & 3, according to disea.es. Price 2/9 (particulars lrL stamp) post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co, Haver- stock Road,Hatup stead, Londou,& p riuc ipal Chemists.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
RING UP

"kTSY ELEPHOS 0.1

PRINTING.

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

JOHN WALKRR & CO..

PRINTERS.

BOOKBINDERS. LITHOGR&PRERS.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, ecc., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVOICKS, Rule or Plain, printed to any SIZIS or pattern on blue, white, or fancy paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

CIRCLIES in the neatest style, from modern type, and of the best workmanship.

PROGRAMMIgq for Entertainment,, Coucerte ac.. in the lateet artistic style.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

SICK, RECEIPT, and .S.UBSCRIPI lON BUOKd Prlnted. Bound. Nucabered and Perforated to order.

RANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of bong. Festival,. Sco.

CATALOGITE'^! fur Pithlie -ind Private Librario a Auctioneers and Tradoemen.

Printei on card or piper Mug trated, it required.

JOHN WALKKR & CO.

CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SHEETS NOTICES OF MEETINGS POSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES POST CARDS CRICKET FIXTURES.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PR IN TI N

AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHEDYLES AND CATALOGUES. ..CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES, :1 INVOICES, PRICE LISTS, CIRCULARS, PAMPHLETS, TIME Rams,' MILL WORK, CATALOGUES, CLUB RULES, PROGRAMMES, BALANCE SHEETS,

EMITTED AT SHORT NOTICES.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS.

Attention is Invited to our NtsW FOUNTS OF TYPH

and WOOD MISR for Large Posters. FOR ALL KINDS OF BRAT FORUM BRTRA LABOR SIM 40 x 60 One Sheet. WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS IN THE DISTRICT.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

JOHN WALKER & Co.,

"EXAMINER" OFFICE.

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0130.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
^

===== 0002601_19071019_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
iff4= ---- , ~, ts t'','' ~i . :1- ,

===== 0002601_19071019_art0132.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
k

I .;

===== 0002601_19071019_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
LE,rTERS TO THE EDITOR. the h that f hope at the great majority o your readers will agree with these opinions, and that if the worst NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. ! should happen, and a disastrous, wicked and unnec Authors of letters intended for publication must in I sary strike be brought about, their moral, yes, and all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor I a guarantee of good faith, financial support will ha given to thoie whose object evidently has been, and lam sure still is - as" ulli The Cultivation of Art. Secundus " expresses it —" to combine to reason and Sir,—lt may be of interest to some of your readers not to injure ";in a word to secure British fair play. especially those who practice some form of applied Art 1 in this district, to know that a Society has been formed Yours faithfully, in Warrington having the promotion of Art as its object. The Society has in view the encouragement and advancement of local effort only and propose to hold exhibitions of its members productions in the town annually. The artistic worker in wood, stone, metal, leather bindery, jewellery, weaving printing, lithography, stencilling, carving, gesso and pihster work re'pousse, die-sinking, illuminating, illustration, embroidery, lace, painting, sculpture, portraiture, all come within the scope of such a Society and besides the inclusion of the professional workers a junior section is proposed. By fixed quarterly meetings with private exhibition and criticism of work among its members, it hopes to ctiltivate taste and appreciation of beauty in all forms of handicraft and also encourage the study of Nature in the student. It is hoped that all engaged in or practising some form of artistic craft will become members and persons desirous of doing so may be furnished with all parti- culars on application to the Hon. Secretary (Miss H. Fair- dough). The first exhibition of he work of members is being arranged for the second week in December, work being marked for sale to the public, from whom a generous support is hoped for. I am, your truly, C. MAWSON. School of Art.

A. H. CROSFIELD.

Keele, October 17th, 1907

===== 0002601_19071019_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CR9SFIELD, M.P. AND THE RAILWAY CRISIS.

The Directors Behind the Times.

'**Vk

Sir,—Referring to a letter published in last Sat ur day's issue of your contemporary, the " Guardian," I will gladly answer here the question put in that letter by Nall Secundus." lam the more glad to do so because I should be very sorry if he, or any other friends of mine among the Railway men at Warrington were to misunderstand my attitude in regard to the present Railway crisis. -.A.b )ut the middle of September, during the early stages of the controversy, a representative of the London" Daily Chronicle " wrote and asked me for an interview on the matter. At that interview I expressed an earnest hope that the Railway Directors would at any rate agree to a preliminary conference, because that would obviously give both sides the best chance of arriving at a settlement. I also emphatically expressed my adherence to the general principle of collective bargaining, and my belief that it was applicable to the Railway. These opinions were published in the London" Daily Chronicle," and I rather think they were quoted in the "Examiner." Again in Manchester on September 21st, when speaking at Belle Vue, I, in effect, urged the advantage of collective bargaining, and put the question, which has so often been put recently—awl ncrer cto,accrerl why, if this system can be adopted with safety and advantage in a great National service like the Pot Office, can it not be adopted with equal safety and advantage on the T?ai/leay4 ? So I had no notion there could be any doubt as to one's position. flowerer, while the speeches at this large gathering of Liberals at Belle Vue were well reported in the " Examiner,' they were I think almost, if not entirely, ignored by the "Guardian." I do not mention this at all by way of complaint of any policy ad )pted by yout contemporary, but perhaps "Nulli Secuadus" will let ma o:fer him a friendly word of caution. Because I am afraid that if this little incident —the suppression in the " Guardian " of the speeches at Manchester on the Railway question and other questions of. the day in rather startling contrast by the way to the prominence recently given in that journal to Protectionist speeches by Tariff Reformers—if this is a criterion of what we are to expect in the future " Nulli Secuadus " will scarcely be able to keep himself acquainted with Liberal opinion in the town if he trusts solely to the information he gets :as a reader of the "Guardian.' But in this case I am very glad to be able to post up " Nulli Secundus," and to clear his mind of any doubt by giving him (and all who are interested in this great and grave issue) an emphatic assurance as to my very strong opinion about the dispute. The whole nation is of course concerned in it, and consider- ing how (in a very literal sense) vitally concerned, I think one must be struck with the moderation of the language used in the press and on the platform. People have felt, no doubt, that they could not reader a worse disservice than by helping to inflame passion in any quarter 30 long as there still rernanel hope and belief that a inotitts rirendi should, could and must in some way or other be arrived at. And everyone hopes that still. Suggestions have been 'nide, for instance by the " Manchester Guardian," which I will not prolong this letter by discussing, and in the last resort it remains to be .seen what Mr. Lloyd George may be able to do. But meantime the sands are running in the hour glass, and after interminable, and to my mind, all things considered, unpardonable delay the Directors maintain just the same stiff, unbending, non possumuB atti6ide they have adopted from the outset. The most charitable thing that can be said of them is that they seem to be about a couple of centuries behind the times, but if they have really made up their minds not to yield an inch to anything but force, that, I respect- fully submit is very dangerous, and, all things con- sidered, an unpatriotic position to take up. One still hopes for the best, and that saner counsels will pre- vail ; but if Mr. Lloyd George has to intervene he can only do this to good purpose with a stiong backing of public opinion, and it is to be hoped, and I think very confidantly anticipated that this will not be wanting—at all events in our part of the country. Our main position is, I think pretty clear. We hold that:—

(1) All experience goes to show that in the larger organised industries collective bargaining tends, not to encourage strikes, but on the contrary, to get rid of them and to promote industrial peace. (2/ That while in the complicated conditions of modern industry, and not least in regard to the complicated terms of payment on the Railways, when an alteraticn of wages is discussed, Directors have the benefit of the information and assistance given them by officials, managers and sub-managers of the company—that is to say, of the best experts they can get —it is absolutely fair and only reasonable that the employ 63 of the Company should also have the assistance of experts competent to argue their case fairly, and be in a position of sufficient independence to enable them to do so. (3) That broadly speaking, Capital is fortun- ately quite well able to defend its legitimate rights, and that this is frequently done by combination, and that, on the other hand, combina- tion is just as necessary, and just as legitimat.i in the interests of labour.

(4) That the Directors' contention that this Railway Union—including 100,000 employees— ,is superfluous, and that the men can get all they are reasonably entitled to by direct application to their chiefs, is contrary to the fact that at the present time in many cases the hours worked and the wages paid are not fair.

Without prolonging this letter by discussing other points raised in this controversy, I venture to enter-

===== 0002601_19071019_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
A CHILD'S DEATH. VERDICT OF "MANSLAUGHTER" AGAINST THE MOTHER. Coroner and the Doctors.

The inquest which had a somewhat sensational open- ing last Vriday was resumed at the Warrington Police Station yesterday morning, when Mr. S. Brighouse, County Coroner, and a jury inquired into the circum- stances attending the death of John Kelly. aged 13 months, son of John and Catherine Kelly, 21, lorris Court, The parents of the child who are at present serving terms of imprisonment for neglect of their children, were brought from prison to attend the pro- ceedings. 'Alt% Browne represented the N.S.P.C.C. and the Chief Constable (Mr. M. Nicholls) was also present. There was a large attendance of the public. It will be remembered that last Fridly the Coroner commented severely on the delay that had arisen in notifying him of the death.

Inspector Cox, of the N.S.P.C.C., said that in con- sequence of the inquiries he made the father and mother were brought before the magistrates on Thursday, the 3rd inst., charged with neglecting deceased and another child. The man was sentenced to a month's imprisonment and the woman to three months'. The husband was addicted to drink when he could get it. The woman was of filthy habits and addicted to drink. The Inspector detailed his visits to the house and pointed out that the condition of the children and the home became so bad that he warned the parents and for a time there was an improvement. In consequence of a complaint he again visited the house on October Ist and found the woman drunk in the kitchen. The baby John looked like a skeleton. Its body was very dirty, the head all matted with filth and the child was whining and appeared to be very ill. The family lived and slept in the kitchen, and the smell was foul and sickening. The woman used very bad and abusive language to him. There was some food in a dirty cupboard, but not a particle of baby's food to be seen. Dr. Peacock° was called in by witness and found that ths baby weighed 111,1bs. in a shawl, whereas the standard weight of a child of 13 months was at the least 201bs. The child was removed to the Workhouse Hospital. He was of opinion that the children had been neglected in a gross and wilful manner, causing them unnecessary suffering and injury to health. When asked by Dr. Peacock° what the baby was fed on, prisoners said: " It has the same as we have." Asked what it had had that day, the mother said, "A tomato, some steak, and a banana." In answer to the Coroner, witness said: I think the mother is to blame. If she would be a better woman and look after the home and the father, things would be very different in the hon.se. On many occasions the man was sober when his wife was not ?—Yes.

Is she a millstone round his neck ?—Oh, yes. Tbere is no doubt about it.

Evidence was also given to P.C. Clough and Nurse Goodall as the state of the deceased child. Dr. Peszocke corroborated the evidence of Inspector Cox. When he heard that the child was dead, he told Mr. Awbery that the case ought to be reported to the police. He held a post-mortem examination in company with Dr. Smith, and found the body nothing but skin and bone. He thought that neglect had accelerated the death. _ _ _

The Coroner remarked that Dr. Peacocke had done his duty in the case, and the doctor's evidence was corroborated by Dr. Smith. Dr. Harold Joseph, who gave a certificate that the child's death was due to exhaustion, was questioned by the Coroner. _

When you gave the certificate were you aware that the father and mother had on the Thursday previous been, charged with neglecting the child and sent to prison ?—No I knew nothing about that. When you attended the child from Tuesday until its death on Saturday, was no history of the case given to you? Did nobody say the child had been sent there by Dr. Peacock ?—No. Dr. Peacocke's name was not mentioned at all.

Was not the name of the N.S.P.C.C. ?—No. It was presented to me as one case amongst a number of others. _ _

I think I may put it that if yon had had the informa- tion on Saturday, would you not have thought it your duty to have communicated with the police ? —Certainl v. The Coroner remarked that it was very curious that the child should be admitted to the Workhouse and nothing should be said to the doctor about the circum- stances of the case.

After a short adjournment, the jury unanimously returned a verdict of " Manslaughter" against the mother. They intimated that although they did not consider the father was free from blame, it was not sufficient to justify them sending him for trial. The Coroner said he thought the verdict was a most sensible one. The woman was committed for trial at the next Liver- pool Assizes on the Coroner's warrant.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE. _ "The Prince of Pilsen." Lovers of musical comedy are admirably catered for this week at the Royal Court Theatre where the attraction is Baron H. Harriss's Company of nearly seventy artistes in the London success "The Prince of Pilsen." Large audiences have nightly: expressed their delight with the entertainment which is one of the smartest and brightest things of its kind on the stage. There ate delightful songs, pretty dances, and an inexhaustible fund of humour, and the piece is beautifully mounted. The music is of the most tuneful description and everything goes with a fine swing from the rise to the fall of the curtain. All the fun arises out of the adventures of Hans Wagner, a Cincinatti brewer on tour, who on arriving at Nice with his attractive daughter is mistaken for the Prince of Pilsen, who is also expected, and not at all unwillingly becomes the hero of the hour and the object of the most flattering attentions from the ladies. Presently the real Prince comes on the scene and, being reluctant to strike a discordant note, conceals his identity. He falls in love with Wagner's daughter at first sight and is in the act of stealing a kiss when her brother appears and challenges him to mortal com- bat. There are all sorts of amusing compli- cations, his Highness and the b )gus Prince in turn finding themselves in prison, but all ends in the most approved style. The comedy is presented by an excellent company, headed by Miss Sophie Harriss who as Mrs. Madison Croker, the fascinating widow from New York, could not be excelled. Her personal attractions are great, and she infuses a vivacity into her acting which at once commends itself to the audience. Mr. Parry Kilburn, who por- trays Hans Wagner, is responsible for most of the merriment, for he goes through some amazing escapades, but always comes out smiling. He is never at a loss for a joke, and some of his songs prove highly popular. As the Prince of Pilsen Mr. Frank Crimp achieves a notable success. He possesses a fine baritone voice and uses it to the best effect, a particularly pleasing song being "A passing cloud." Miss Connie Leon is the personifica- tion of gaiety and mischief as Sidonie, the French maid, and is repeatedly encored for her exceptionally clever dancing. Mr. Ernest Gifford gives a capital study of Francois and executes some wonderful manceuvres in complying with the many orders showered upon him. Miss Hazel Saqui does full justice to the part of Nellie Wagner, for she is a sweet singer and a graceful dancer. Mr. Bernard Russell, as Arthur de Willoughby Rosemoss, is a typical self-opinionated dandy, while Mr. S Lindon Lang as Lieutenant Tom Wagner, and Miss Ernestine Desborough, as Miss Edith Adams, are associated in some pretty love scenes. One of the most striking features of the comedy is introduced in the second act Iwhen various types of American girls —including the much-talked-of Gibson girl —are impersonated. There is a strong chorus and the orchestra is specially I augmented. NEXT WEEK'S P ROGR A NIME. "THE BREED OF THE TRESEIAMS." Our readers will be pleased to hear that next week at the Royal Court Theatre, we are to have the annual visit of Mr. Frank Bertram's Company in that excellent , play" The Breed of the Treshams." Those who have witnessed the play on previous occasions will remember the fine dramatic scenes and the splendid character of the Rat. it is Mr. Bertram's policy to engage a different actor each year for this most difficult part, and Mr. Sydney Bland who will play the stellar part at the Court Theatre,is by far the best Rat Mr. Bertram has been fortunate enough to engage. Schooled with the late Sir Henry Irving and Wilson Barrett, Mr. Bland has every qualification for the part. As before, Mr. Bertram brings a complete Company numbering 22 artistes and the entire production,scenery, costume and furniture. For Children's Hacking Cough at night, Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. 1/1.!,,, 2/9.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday October 19, 1907.

single paragraph as being to maintain order, to pro- tect the weak from being oppressed by the strong— these and a few regulations concerning the public health comprised the legitimate duties of government. That was very sound and very comprehensive so far as it went, but we had travelled a good way past that in the constructive era in government, which after all was so so very much more difficult than the era of emancipation in which the older school of reformers, amongst whom he was brought up, had to play their part.He was afraid that looking into the future one could scarcely hope that in this complex era our city fathers would have less responsibility and less weight upon their shoulders, and therefore one was reminded of what was said by a nobleman of Berkeley-square,who was very brilliant but a little whimsical perhaps, who had done some good things and said some very wise thines, and this was one of the wise things—he had ' dwelt upon the satisfaction which people in localities might feel in seeing the fruits of their work reaped before their own eyes—(hear, hear)—and in seeing tangible results of their efforts which were so very much more palpable than in the case of the efforts made by people in Parliament. That fact must add to the dignity and importance of civic work and civic life. He was sure they all hoped that in the future everyone present would have good health and prosperity,and in proposing the toast which he had the great honour of submitting, that the Mayor during the continuance of his office would have health and strength and great success in the work that lay before him in presiding over that important Council. (Applause). The toast was honoured with great enthusiasm. THE MAYOR PRAISES THE COUNCIL. •

The NIA YOR. in responding said the office of Mayor was by no means an easy one to fill in this growing and important borough. When he took up the reins of office nearly twelve months ago he only did so on receiving the assurance of the members of the Council that they would assist him in maintaining order in their deliberations and in upholding the dignity of the Council. That promise, he was happy to say, the mem- bers had fulfilled, and he bad had a very pleasant and comfortable year. In view of the fact that the Council had done him the honour of of asking him to take office for a further year, he thought he might, without attempting in the slightest degree to flatter himself, feel that he had carried out his duties to the satisfaction of the members. (Applause.) He looked forward to the coming year with no misgivings, believing as he did that with a united Council, working wholly for the good of the inhabitants, improvements would continue to be made in the good old town of which they were so proud. The Mayor concluded with a hearty acknowledgment of the invaluable help extended to him by the Mayoress. "TOWN AND TRADE OF WARRINGTON."

The MAYOR OF BOLTON, who was introduced by the Mayor as an old friend of his from his native town, proposed the toast of" The town and trade of War- rington." One of the first essentials of municipal govern- ment, hesaid,was that of sanitation. Some years ago he was struck with the number of dreadfully narrow streets in Warrington, and he was glad to see that the Town Council had risen to the occasion and proceedEd with schemes for widening the thoroughfares. He would only give them this advice : "In widening your streets make them, wide enough." (Hear, hear.) Do not let them half do it. (Hear, hear.) Warrington was well situated for trade and commerce, and they must keep the rates of the town down so as to encourage manu- facturers to invest their capital and find employment for the workers. (Hear, hear). Alderman BENNZTT in responding alluded to the recent historic pageant at Liverpool. Warrington, he said, had a history more illustrious than Liverpool and he hoped some day we would hold a pageant more glorious and magnificent than the one which took place at the great port. He refused to set any bounds to the growth of Warrington. Its future, he thought, might excel that of almost any town in this part of the country and he did not see why in a hundred years Warrington should not be as big as Liverpool. He proceeded to strongly advocate an increased use by Warrington traders of the Ship Canal and said he would not be satisfied until WA had a dock and until Warrington was a port of call. It was also very desirable that the industrial advantages of Warrington should be impressed on manufacturersand with that object in view the Chamber of Commerce had in hand the publication , of a commercial guide to the town. If the municipality was to be increasingly extending its functions, one thing was vital and essential, and that was that the work should be conducted in a thoroughly businesslike way. If the extension of enterprise meant the endless repetition of the slums which were a disgrace to War- rington and to every civilised community, he did not desire extension. He wanted progress to be coupled with greater prosperity and happiness for all classes of the people. Warrington had been passing through a long, dark, dismal era of agitation, bitterness and unpleasantness. He was glad to think that was passing away. This week he had heard ominous rumours of mysterious compacts and dark plots which seemed to threaten the peace of the Council, but he refused to believe in them. They had had quite enough of recrimination, bitterness, party spirit and politics in the Council and he believed all the memners were now animated by one unanimous desire to sink all those minor differences and go forward with the one idea of the progress and improvement of the good old town. (Applause). Councillor 134r,r, also reponded. They could, he said, derive inspiration and encouragement from Warrington's past history and at the same time rejoice that that there were arising in the town to-day men who would carry forward worthily the banner of reform, progress and achievement. All present were united in their regard and respect for the town in which they lived. In speaking of its trade, they had need to be thankfnl that our manufacturers and businessmen had taken advantage of all the researches and discoveries of the last century with the result that the products of Warrington were known the wide world over. As one who bad been born and bred in Warrington, he took an honest pride in its past and an honest interest in its future and when our traders and manufacturers were beginning to wonder how further they might develop their enterprise he hoped they would not always look at the rates and wages bill, but that they would sometimes look at the terrible burdens they paid away yearly for no reward and no services rendered. He wished all manufacturers, all those who by the work of their own hands and brains sent produc- tive wealth abroad, would see tha t they were not burdened in future by toll and incomes that were never earned. He wanted the Council to realise that the truest wealth any nation could possess was in the healthy, happy-hearted•men and women that it produced. (Applause.)

"THE CORPORATION." MR. H. ROBERTS AND THE CORONER.

Mr. Henry ROEIF.RTS in proposing the toast of "The Corporation" said that was an occasion on which all differences were sunk and men joined together in hoping that in the days of the future one effort and one effort only should be made for the uplifting of the populace with whom they were associated and for the careful and honest administration of the laws which were entrusted to them and for that progress which after all was said and done, however they might differ in their views, they all desired to accomplish. Old politician and party man as he was, he did not altogether agree with the remarks which had been made that night in regard to party politics and municipal government. If municipalities had to frame their policies by any shaping of legislation, there might be something to be said in favour of maintaining a certain amount of party polities in that association, but when he reminded them that their laws were made for them and that all the Council had to do was to administer them in a spirit of broad catholicity, remembering all the interests at stake, he was bound to say that he failed utterly to see in what sense or degree party politics had anything whatever to do with municipal administration. The responsi- bilities which were put on municipalities were greater to-day than they had ever been and the future promised that the burden should be greater still. It therefore made it incumbent on all men who brought to the public service whatever duty they felt imposed upon them, that they should come to that service determined not to consider any interest of a personal or party character but to bring to the administration of the laws entrusted to them a feeling of fair play and justice and a determination not to move to the right hand or to the left but to do that which their knowledge and intelligence taught them to be right on behalf of those whose interests were so much in their hands. He believed in spite of differences which had existed in Warrington and which would exist for all time more or less, there was to-day quite as strong and keen a desire on the part of those who had the administration of the town's affairs in their hands to do justice to those affairs and to behave honestly in regard in regard to them, as ever there had been in the history of the town. Mr. Roberts paid .11. high tribute to the Corporation officials and offered his congratulations to the two latest officials—the medical officer of health and the chief constable— (applause)—both of whom had come to War- rington with the highest credentials and large experi- ence and, he believed, with an honest determina- tion to do their duty. He was glad to see the Chief Constable looking so well as he was. (Laughter.) He was somewhat afraid that possibly the remarks made in what should have been considered a judicial Chamber a few days ago might have hurt him. However, he seemed pretty well, and he (Mr. Roberts) had not any doubt that Mr. Nicholls would be able to give a com- plete answer of a perfectly satisfactory nature in regard to an attack made upon him in his absence in a very upindielal manner by a man who ought to have remem- bered that great as his powers were—and they were almost unlimited—therefore the greater should be the discretinn with which be used them. Public men, con- cluded Mr. Roberts,might get the,plandits of the public. but nothing would give them such satisfaction as would came to them after years of earnest work, if they felt they could look back upon the work they bad done in connection with the Corporation and say to themselves "This work I did honestly, uprightly, according to the best of my knowledge and ability, and I leave it with a conscience void of offence." (Applause). Alderman TINNION responded and said they had a Council to-day which seriously and honestly tackled its work and felt its full responsibilities. He was glad that the spirit of unkindness and want of coortesy and consideration that some members of the Council

===== 0002601_19071019_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
MAYORAL DINNER.

MR. A: H. CROSFIELD, M.P., On POLITICS IN MUNICIPAL LIFE.

There was a very pleasant gathering in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall on Thursday evening,vvhen the Mayor (Alderman Smethurst) entertained the mem- bers and officials of the Town Council and a number of friends at dinner. His Worship's invitation met with a cordial response and the function was one of the most enjoyable of its kind on record. The Nfayor presided and had on his right Mr. A. FL Crosaeld,M.P. and on his left the Rev. W. Bracecatup (Mayor's chaplain). There were also present : —Aldermen Bennett, Forshaw, and Tinnion, Councillors Craik, Dr. Joseph, Wilding, Cunnington,Chantler, Dickenson, Ashcroft, Lord, Barton, Burton, Ellison,Evans,Wilson, Sankey, Clegg, Benson, Toole, Steel, Hawthorn, Nield, Ball, Fu ton Smith and Wilkinson, Messrs. John Fairclough, J. H. Smethurst; H. Roberts, J. Allison, T. D. Ames, T. H. Spinks (assistant town clerk), T. Longclin (borough surveyor), W. S. Haddock (gas engineer), G. F. F. White (magistrates' clerk), J. Teller (tramways manager), J. Moore Murray (director of education), M. Nicholls (chief constable), C. Madeley (librarian), F. V. L. Mathias (electrical engineer). An excellent dinner was served by Mr. Powys, and afterwaids the usual toasts were honoured.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
ABSENTEES.

The MaYort announced that he bad received the following telegram from London :—" Aldermen Evans and Pierpoint, Councillor Pemberton and ofßcials send greetings and regret enforced absence." He bad also received letters of apology for non-attendance from the Lord Mayor of Manchester, the Lord Mayor of Liverpool, and the Mayors of Leigh and Eccles. The loyal toasts were enthusiastically honoured on the proposition of the 'MAYoR. BISHOPS, CLERGY AND MINISTERS.

Mr. JOHN FAIRCLOUGH proposed the toast "The Bishops and clergy and all ministers of religion." He referred to the efforts of the clergy and ministers to mitigate crime and poverty, and said all were doing their best according to their own ideas. He wished the laymen would support them and put as few stumbling blocks as possible in their path, looking at the good they accomplished and being conveniently blind to their few faults. _ _ _ .

_ The Rev. W. BRA CECAMP (Mayor's chaplain) responded. He said it was perfectly true that the clergy and ministers had one sole object in view and that was to do the best they could for their fellow-men. They were thankful to know that they were thoroughly backed up, especially in Warring- ton, by such a grand body of laymen. He allude I to the harmonious relations existing between the various denominations in Warrington and said that in administer- ing the Education Act they had experienced no difficul- ties as they were ruled in that matter by men of commonsense.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
ARNIY, NAVY, AND RESERVE FORCES.

Alderman Fort-sfilw proposed "The Army, Navy and Reserve forces." _ _ _

Councillor Eursos responded. He had always been an advocate of peace, but he could not go s ) far as to say that if a man smote him on the right cheek he would feel justified in turning to him the other. He believed in defence not defiance, and there was an old saying that if we must have peace we must be prepared for war. The Local Volunteers had long excited his admiration for thesimole reason that when the first company was formed under the command of Captain J. P. Graenall in 1859 he (Councillor Ellison) was one of that com- pany. (Applause.) He served in the Volunteers for six years, during which time three companies were added. and Captain Greenall was promoted to the post of Colonel and he (Councillor Ellison) was relegated to the honourable and dignified position of band sergeant. (Laughter.) He attended the first review at Chester and others at Knowsley, Newton and Manchester, and he took part in the first camp held in Lovely-lane. (Laughter.) Councillor Ellison concluded by hoping that the time would speedily arrive when nations would settle their differences by arbitration instead of resort- ing to war. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19071019_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BOROUGH MEMBER.

Councillor Dr. JOSEPH submitted the toast of" The Borough Member." He felt sure the toast would be heartily received. When his Worship asked him to propose the toast he (Councillor Josepti) was so dazzled that he answered quite glibly " Oh yes ! by all means." (Laughter.) It was a very rash promise seeing that although he had attained the mature age of 59 years, he had never proposed a toast before. (Laughter) After consideration he had come to the conclusion that his task might be a very easy one as he had known Mr. Crosfield all his life, although perhaps Mr. Crosfteld did not know it. (Laughter.) He had always taken a kindly interest in Mr. Crosfleld's welfare, and after all that was not a political meeting. It was rather a scene of peace, and he might say plenty. (Hear, hear.) They were far removed from the scene of political strife, and they saw only a genial, high-minded English gentleman —a member of a worthy family, long and honourably associated with the town and its social life—and one who at length had succeeded to the proud position of Member of Parliament for his native town. (Applause.)

MR. CROSFIELD'S RESPONSE.

POLITICS IN MUNICIPAL LIFE.

Mr. A. H. CROSFIELD, M.P., who was received with cheers and the singing of "For he's a jolly good fellow," said he was afraid he could not adequately thank them for their kindness and cordiality without seeming affectation, but he could assure them he thanked them extremely for such a kind reception. He supposed politicians as a rule when they heard anybody talking about them expected to he slated a little. (Laughter). They certainly got accustomed to it and perhaps the contrast that night was rather pleasing—at any rate it was particularly gratifying when such courteous, genial and kindly observations were made about one by a political opponent. (Hear, hear). He was sure, as Conncillor Dr. Joseph said, that if on other occasions and on other fields little political rivalries would occur, under the Nlayor's genial presidency and at that festive board all political differences were, fortunately, entirely dissipated. (Hear, hear.) He thanked them very sincerely and cordially for their kindness, and while it was very pleasant to reply for oneself he was very lucky that night in having the doubly pleasant duty of proposing the health of his Worship the Mayor. (Applause.) That certainly was both an honour and a pleasure, because everybody in that room knew that while they need not make invidious comparisons and talk about breaking records—(laughter)— the Mayor had been absolutely indefatigable in his attention to all duties in the town, large and small. lie (Mr. Croslield) had not the privilege of knowing personally, but he knew from what many friends had told him, of the admirable way' in which his Worship had presided over the the work of the Council. (Applause.) He had never spared himself in furthering every good cause in the town and in guiding the Council's deliberations he had shown not only dignity but a most admirable impartial- ity. (Hear, hear). That impartiality was a great thing where, as in so many other Councils in England, they could not keep politics entirely out of the Chamber. (A voice: They ought to be). In his younger days he could remember hearing many a discussion on that point, because Mr. Sylvanns Reynolds and his (Mr. Crostield's) father were continually debating that very question as to how far politics might or might not he kept out of the Council. He suppesed everybody would agree that in municipal government it would be a great evil if party politics were carried too far. (Hear, hear.) In one sense and in a larger sense, although he could not pretend to any great experience of municipal matters, it appeared to him that one could not keep politics altogether out of municipal work, and for this very simple reason—that he must say it struck him that they could hardly think of any measure introduced into the imperial Parliament which in one way or other in some &arm did not depend for erficient and satisfactory working on the wisdom shown by the municipal government. There was hardly a law, he thought, to which that did not apply to some extent. Take the much debated question of education to which Mr.Bracecarno had alluded. That was under the control of municipal bodies and they saw municipalities in so many different ways nowadays grappling with the problems that concerned child life. Then on the question of public health. municipalities were engaged in seeing that food was inspected and drainage properly attended to, that they had a good water supply, and that infectious cases were isolated, and in a score of different ways they had the great!question of public health dealt with by municipal authorities. Parliament could not do it without them and that was where it seemed to him that in sone aspect. of the matter politics must to some extent enter into municipal government, but only in one salute. They might say with regard to a matter that Alderman Bennett and others were interested in, that in so far as it affected the body politic the unexampled nuisance, became it was nothing else, of ! black smoke was a political matter. That certainly was one of the most far-reaching questions that affected the democracy of our country living in the towns ; but he ' only mentioned these things to show that even on the question of smok'e Parliament could not do anything unless mnnioipalities chose to exercise the powers that were given them. Therefore the thesis seemed to hold good that imperial politics must depend on local effort for satisfactory working. After all the whole thing seemed to illustrate one very big fact and that was that alike in Parliamentary work• and in local government, there was a vast distinction to be drawn between the work of fifty years ago and the work of to-day. He had quoted the discussions between his father and Mr. Sylyanus Reynolds on one topic and he would allude to another in which he remembered Mr. George Crosfield took a very great interest, because he was one of the older school of Liberals and was very fond of quoting a book written by Buckle called "The history of civilization "—(laughter.) There was one passage in that hook whieh he (Mr. Crosfield) turned up the other day and found it heavily scored by his his uncle. It described the duties of Government in a

===== 0002601_19071019_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
had for each other, was decreasing to some extent, though probably not as much as some of them would like. Under the presidency of the Mayor during the past year the conditions of things had been greatly improved. There was a much better understanding and a happier feeling among the members and he pleaded for further extension of that feeling. (Applause.) Councillor WILKINSON also responded. TEIE COUNTY BOROUGH MAGISTRATES.

This toast was proposed by CounoillGr FULTON-SMITH and responded to by Councillor EV %NS who paid a warm tribute to the ability of the magistrates' clerk._

During the evening songs and duets were given by Mr. J. Willett and Mr. E. Walker. Mr. E. Wilkes accompanied. The proceedings closed with the singing of the National Anthem.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE YEOMEN OF THE GUARD."

PERFORMANCES IN THE PARR HALL.

There has been a renewing of happy associations at the Parr Hall this week. When amateur opera first cast its spell over Warrington audiences four years ago, it was a delightful production of "The Yeomen of the Guard " which stamped the Musical Society's experiment a complete success. Since then we have been treated to some of the lightest of Gilbert and Sullivan's collaborations, and public appreciation has been unmistakable. " The Yeomen of the Guard," however, stands on a plane of its own, the serious dramatic element alternating most effectively with humour and gaiety, and it therefore appeals to one with peculiar power. There was a natural desire on the part of many patrons of the opera to see this masterpiece again produced by our local amateurs, and the committee thought that this year presented a favourable oppor- tunity. It is no mere platitude to say that this week's performances mark an advance on the original effort. The improvement is striking and cemplete, and everything goes with that smoothness which comes of ripened experience. With only two exceptions, the principal parts are in the hands of those who sus- tained them on the first occasion, and there is not a weak link in the chain. The high reputation of the Warrington amateur operas is enhanced and the Society has every reason to be proud of a presentation of " The Yeomen of the Guard " which we believe would compare very favourably with any similar undertaking of the kind in the country. In none of the wonderful series of works does the genius of Gilbert and Sullivan find higher expression than in " The Yeomen of the Guard." There is sparkling wit, bright, ear-haunting music, yet under- lying it all is a deep note of pathos. We are in turn amused by the irresistible cornicalities of Jack Point, the merriest of jesters, and touched by the cruel change of fortune which makes him one of the most miserable of men. Throughout there is the strange blending of the joyous and the saddening, and the succession of events enacted within the shadow of the grim old Tower of London hold the audience enthralled. The opera is realised in the most attrac- tive of settings. We are carried in imagina- tion to a bye,gone age when young gallants were kept in durance vile on trumpery charges of scorcery, and those picturesquely attired individuals known as Yeomen of the Guard had exciting times. But the good old days were not with- out their rollicking pleasures, and when the merry- man and his maid appear and dance and sing for the entertainment of a group of happy citizens, the scene is full of animation. There are moments, too, when the intensely dramatic dominates all else, notably when, at the climax of the first act, the headsman and his assistants make ready for the execution, the wierd tolling of the funeral bell is heard, and instead of the prisoner appearing, yeomen dash in with the astonish- ing news that he has escaped. The finale of the opera is remarkable for the play of conflicting emotions, and one's feelings are divided between sympathy with the inconsolable Jack Point and rejoicing with Elsie Nfaynard in the consummation of her heart's desire. It is due to the performers to say that they make the most of these powerful incidents, the effect being so realistic as to create a profound impression. Jack Point is of course the centre around which everything turns—indeed it is generally admitted that he is one of Gilbert's finest creations. Mr. C. P. Gough again achieves a triumph in the part, which he portrays as to the manner born. He has all the gaiety and freedom that should characterise a strolling jester and his dancing is extremely clever, The Gilbertian humour is safe in his hands, and the only fault we can urge againtst him is an occasional indistinctness of utterances and a tendency to drop his voice at the end of a sentence. Mr. Gough shines equally in the more doleful passages—he is the personification of despair when occasion demands— while in the song "Oh ! a private buffoon is a light- hearted loan" he gives us so piquant a recital of the trials of the jester's calling as to be cordially encored nightly. On Wednesday evening owing to the somewhat sudden indisposition of Mr. Gough it was necessary to requisitionsthe services of his understudy in the part of " Jack Point." That Mr. J. Forrester was able to respond to this call at such short notice was a matter for both surprise and admiration. Not only did Mr. Forrester fill the breach, but he played and sang the onerous part of the Jester with conspicuous ability and success, demonstrating thereby that the Opera Committee has ample reserves of histrionic and vocal talent. Mr. Forrester's clear ennunciation of the spoken words, his acknowledged abilities as a vocalist, and his obvious determination to do his level best under the circumstances, carried him through to a most successful finish, and earned for him the audience's warm plaudits and several encores. Mrs. Arthur Booth, as Elsie Maynard, has a finely dramatic role, and her interpretation is a great advance upon her past achievements. She acts with befitting grace and charm, while her singing is in the best of taste. Her powerful and flexible voice finds full scope in the stirring ballad " 0 weary wives," which she gives with both feeling and dramatic power, a repetition having to be con- ceded at each performance. The singing farce " The Merryman and his maid," in which Mrs. Booth and Mr. Gough are associated, is a deservedly popular feature of the opera, the quaint and wailing refrain captivating the audience, with the inevitable result— an encore. Mr. J. Rabbitt is another favourite with Warrington audiences and he excels himself as the dashing Colonel Fairfax. He fully realises the possibilities of an attractive part for which he is in every way fitted, and his vocalisation is at once soul- ful and artistic. It is a treat to bear him in the songs " Is life a boon ?"and "Free from his fetters grim" and the delight of the audience has been manifested nightly in enthusiastic encores. Miss Mabel Henshrill is an ideal Phcebe Meryll—vivacious and coquettish—and it is no exaggeration to ascribe much of the success of the opera to her charming and natural portrayal of this character. She is thoroughly at home on the stage and her sweetly expressive rendering of the ditty " When maiden loves" sung at the spinning wheel immedi- ately on the rising of the curtain, at once ingratiates her with the audience. Her performance throughout is highly meritorious and has met with war nly expressed approbation: One of the most ludicrous of Gilbertian characters is Wilfred Shadbolt, head jailor and assistant tormentor, and Mr. W. H. Wallington's conception of the role could hardly be improved upon. The studied melancholy of his demeanour contrasts so sharply with the fascinating gaiety of Phoebe, whom he ardently woes in a blundering sort of way, that one cannot but he amused, while his utter help- lessness in face of the artful persuasiveness of this fair charmer, gives rise to situations which have an important bearing on the opera story. Phcebe's song " Were I thy bride," given with such piquancy while dexterously relieving the admiring jailor of his keys and restoring them again without arousing his suspicions, is one of the most delicious pieces of cajolery imagin- able, and each evening this inimitable piece of singing and acting has been rapturously encored. Another richly humorous item is the very original and tuneful "Cock and hull" duet in which Jack Point and Shadbolt share the honours, the jailor being suddenly galvanised into unwonted activity and making grotesque efforts to imitate the nimbleness of Jack Point. Mr. J. W. Bibby comports himself with befitting dignity and austerity as the Lieutenant of the Tower, his perfect composure, fine presence, and clear enunciation combining to make his impersonation of the character all that conld be desired. Mr. F. Fieldhouse scores a distinct success by his able portrayal of the kind-hearted Sergeant Meryll, taking the part with a calm confidence which is as essential as it is appropriate. Miss Garnett Ball figures for the first time as Dame Carruthers, and despite a little nervousness and stiffness, is largely successful in the part, her rich contralto voice being used with effect in the stirring song " When our gallant Norman foes "which with its blood-curdling chorus is listened to with deep interest. The Pretty duet " Rapture, rapture," in which the love-sick 'Dame rejoices at having secured the hand of Sergeant Meryll,—much to the chagrin of

the latter—is one of the brightest things in the opera. Mr. J. E. Hannan, who is also included in the cast of " The Yeomen of the Guard " for the first time, has only a small part as Leonard Meryll, but he makes the most of it, the refreshing vigour and dash which he infuses into his rendering being deserving of all praise. Minor parts are capably sustained by the following: —Kate, Miss Alice Daunt; headsman and assistants, Messrs. R. T. Fairclough, R. 11. Silcock, T. Baxter and W. Turner; first yeoman, Mr. J. Parkinson ; second yeoman, Mr. W. Clay; first citizen, Mr. G. E. Guest ; second citizen, Mr. W. Moores. Of the many attractive concerted items, one of the choicest is the trio and chorus " To thy fraternal care "—in which Miss Henshall, Mr. Fieldhouse and Mr. Wallington are associated—for in addition to the sparkling music there is some delightfully humorous by-play. The beauties of Vie well-known madrigal "Strange adven- ture " are well realised by Miss Ball, Miss Daunt, Mr. Rabbitt and Mr. Fieldhouse. The number is to a great extent unaccompanied and perhaps the excite- ments of a " first night" were respinsible for a very perceptible decline of the pitch in Monday's inter preta- tion—a defect which has been remedied during the rest of the week with the result of a nightly encore. Another highly acceptable trio is that commencing "A man who would woo a fair maid," by Miss Henshall, Mrs. Booth and Mr. Rabbitt and the succeeding quartet " When a wooer goes a wooing," as sung by the above-mentioned vocalists with the addition of Mr. Gough, is a gem of harmony, the mixture of gaiety and pathos producing a telling effect. There is a strong, judiciously selected chorus, the voices being well balanced, and the impressive choral numbers which are so prominent and pleasing a feature of " The Yeomen of the Guard " receive the most adequate treatment. The Society is fortunate in having a very complete amateur orchestra, which, led by Mr. R. H. Pearson, does yeomen service and, under Mr. Crossley's conductorship, shows a thorough graso of the score. It would, however, be an advantage if the accompaniments to the songs were a little more subdued. At times the audience found it almost impossible to hear the words of the soloists, owing to the assertiveness of some sections of the instru- mentalists.

Unstinted praise must be accorded to Mr. F. H Crossley, the Society's able conductor, for his indefatigable and tactful labours on behalf of the opera project. His enthusiasm in the work of the Musical Society is unbounded, and that the production of the opera has reached such a stage of efficiency and completeness is due in no small measure to his untiring efforts. Nor must we omit paying a tribute to the services of Mr. Foden Williams, who makes his first appearance amongst us as dramatic " coach " and stage manager. His wide experience in amateur operatic work has been carefully and conscientiously utilized for the benefit of the Warrington enterprise and he has every reason to be proud of the success which has crowned his works. _ _ _

- The whole of the arrangements for the opera have been carried out by a Comn:ttee c-msisting of fessrs. H. Bond, J. W. Bibny, F. H. Crossley, W. H. Payton, Mus. Bac., and J. Newcombe, the last named gentle- man being the hard working and genial hon. secretary and treasurer.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Services for Sunday.

Bold-street Wesleyan Church : Niorning 10.30, Rev. Sidney Pitt; evening 6.30, Rev. Thomas \filler. Golborne-street Baptist Church : Nforning 10.45, evening 6.30, Nfr. James Hodgson (student Baptist College, Manchester). Baptist Church, Latchford : Morning 10.30 and evening 6, Rev. J. F. Nfatthews. Wycliffe Church, Bewsey-street : The harvest thanks- giving services will be held on Sunday and the preacher both morning and evening will be the Rev. John Yonge. Special hymns and anthems will be rendered by the choir.

Bewsey-road We3leynn Church: Morning 10.30, Rev. Thomas Miller; evening 6.30, Rev. Sidney Pitt, when the subject will be" The launch of a Liner: A lesson for the young."

Latchford Weslayan Church.

Nt the harvest thanksgiving services held on Sunday the preachers were the Rev. E. J. Gawne and Ur. Hick- man. Good congregations assembled and special anthems were sung by the choir. In the afternoon a cantata entitled r• Two Seasons" was rendered by the choir. The solo parts were taken by Miss Mabel Henshall (contralto), Miss Violet Brown (soprano), Mr. Clayton (tenor), and Mr. Warburton (bass). Mr. Enoch G. Oldbury was the conductor, and Mr. W. H. Ford officiated at the organ. Mr. Atkin was in the chair.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
Workingmen's Mission, Bank Quay.

The harvest thanksgiving services in connection with the above Chapel were held on Sunday. Mr. George Hunter, Mayor-elect of Leigh, occupied the pulpit morning and evening, and in the afternoon n service of song entitled " Farmer Brown's Testing Time " was rendered by the choir. The connective readings were effectively given by Miss V. M. Taylor. The chapel had been tastefully decorated for the occasion, and good congregations assembled at each service. The collections amounted to £7 7s. 7d. Mr. F. Atkinson presided at the organ, and Mr. S. Millington conducted the singing.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
Latchford Baptist Church.

The Rev. John Francis Matthews preached the anniversary sermons on Sunday at the Latchford Baptist Church. At the afternoon and evening services the church was crowded. The Apollo Male Voice Prize Choir, under its able conductor, Mr. Harry Berrey, pro- vided a musical procramme for the afternoon which was forcefully rendered, and gave great delight. " Where is He ?" and "The Destruction of Gaza '— pieces rich in dramatic power and expression—showed the capacities of the choir. Mr. J. R. Conway took the solo parts. Miss Woodland and Miss J. Armstrong also contributed solos with pleasing effect. The organist was Mr. Albert Trow. The offerings for the day were 211.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe Cockhedge Mission.

Harvest fo-stival services were held in this Mission on Sunday. The morning service, which was for children, was conducted by Mr. Christopher Eccles, who gave a helpful address. In the afternoon the ser- vice was conducted by the pastor, Rev. H. Wall, while the Rev. J. Yonge spoke on "The cultivation of the thankful spirit." The speaker placed " thankfulaess " in the forefront of the Christian graces and urged all his hearers, both at harvest time and on all other occa- sions to endeavour to manifest the spirit of a cheerful and willing gratitude for all God's mercies. The speaker at the evening service was Mr. E. Wynne Jones, and the building was filled to its utmost capacity. A fruit banquet was held on Monday evening, at which a short entertainment was given,concluding with a sketch entitled " Mrs. William's Will."

===== 0002601_19071019_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
Stockton Heath Wesleyan Church.

The Rev. R. Wilkins Rees, of Fleetwood, and formerly of Warrington, preached the anniversary sermons to large congregations at this Church on Sunday. in the afternoon a service of song entitled "A Rough Diamond: Peter Mackenzie," was given by the choir in the presence of a large congregation. Mr. F. E. Penketh conducted, and Miss Nl. Miller presided at the organ. Ar. W. Hickman occupied the chair. Special anthems were sung at each service by the choir.--On Monday evening a fairly large congregation assembled to hear Mr. Rees' popular lecture. "The Famous One-eyed Preacher of Wales." Mr. R. H. Meldrum presided. Mr. Rees gave some highly interesting reminiscences of Christmas Evans, the famous preacher. When the preacher began to speak, he always produced a small phial from his pocket, wet the tip of his fingers, and passed them over his blind eye. It was laudanum, to ease tbe excruciating pain he often suffered. He undoubtedly possessed what Lord Beaconsfield said Dean Stanley possessed, "a picturesque sensibility." He was a great preacher and people walked miles to listen to his sermons, and they were always amply repaid for their trouble.—At the close Mr. Brereton proposed a comprehensive vote of thanks to the lecturer, organist, choirmaster, choir and everybody who had assisted to make the anniversary services such a success. Mr. Whitfield seconded, and the motion was carried. The collections at all the services were in aid of trust funds.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
Meetings for Men and Women. " The Bible Still Supreme."

In spite of the heavy rain a good audience was present at the meeting for men and women in the Golborne Street Baptist Church on Wednesday evening. The Rev. J. F. Matthews lectured on "The Bible still Supreme." He pointed out the wide range in time covered by the various books together called the Bible. It had helped to mould and fix the form of English written and spoken speech, as Luther's translation of the Bible had done for German. The place the Bible took in litera- ture was not second even to the position assigned to it in human affection. It was read and studied and used by all sorts and conditions of men. It was unexcelled by any other similar collection of religious books for its variety of form and substance. Writers and lecturers who found in it an armoury for assailing churches, and Christians, were never more widely known than when engaged in their piercing criticisms of its alleged contradic- tions, whether it was Tom Paine. Robert Ingersoll, Charles Bradlaugh or Robert Blatchford. Where then, asked the lecturer, lay the Bible's supremacy? They would be able to give different answers ; but he submitted four reasons for the view he took about which he thought little obinction could be taken. First : The Bible was scrupulously faithful

FOr Chronic Chest Complaint, Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. 1/1b 2/9.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19071019_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
-4111NA4P'.

to human nature. Its portraits always and everywhere were faithfully drawn. It covered nothing up, offered no extenuating circumstances in its references to, and ' judgment upon,conduct.lt went even further,for secondly, it traced the defections of man to a moral gangrene,and fixed the measure of his personal responsibility. The heart was deceitful above all things and desperately wicked. The novelist, the philosopher, and the dramatist stopped short at the exhibition of the villainy of the villain; but the Bible looked on him as a possible aubject for, and capable of, redemption. There lay the difference. Thirdly, amidst all the melees, the chaos, and confusion, and the disorders of the human soul the Bible definitely taught and preached that through all, God had been pleased to make himself known and I seen and felt. God had nowhere left Himself without a witness, "but in every nation 'he that feared Him, was accepted of Him?' Fourthly, Mr. Matthews said no other book so faith- ! fuly recorded the evolution of the idea of God until it I reached its climax—(l) in Christ's declaration of the I Universal Fatherhood of God, Who loved the whole world : (2) in the objectivizing and personalizing of I that love in Jesus ; and (3) in the testimony with which expen ience bore out the fact that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto Himself. So the ! Bible became a lamp unto their feet and a light unto their path. It was the inspiration of their finest youth, the strength of their strongest manhood, and the com- fort and delight of their old age. Let them read it regularly, studs, it carefully and critically. They would ' find it pointed to the true light which ligheth every man coming into the world.

STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS Latest Quotations. BANK RATE 41%. SETTLING DAY OCTOBER 30T1 1907. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOON. Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day., BRITISH FUNDS. £ Consols 21% 100 ...82 2,1% Annuities 100 ...90 21% Annuities 100 -.31 Nt. War Loan 22% Red 1910 lOO ...97i Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO —951 Bank of England Stock lOO ...274 India Stock 100 -.90 BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 —36/ Lancashire and Yorkshire lO '...341 London and County g 0 .92 London and Westminster °O .50 Manchester and County l7 ...57 Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 -.48 Parrs 20 ...85 Union of London 151 .34 Union of Manchester ll ...251 Williams Deacons 8 —241 MINES. British South Africa (Char') 1 ...19/0 Charter Trust and Agency 1 .9/6 Cons. Goldfield of S.A.I ...2; East Rand Proprietary 1 .32 Hendersons Johannesburg Consolidated 1 .. 15/3 Kaffirs Consolidated 1 ...19/0 Oceanas 1 ...14/0 Rand Mines 5/- ...41 Randfonteins l. _26/0 Rhudesia Exploration 1 ...18/6 Tanganyika Transvaal Estates HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian 100 -.87 Glasgow & S.-W Pref. Ord 100 ...581 Great Central Deferred 100 ...11 Great Central Preferred lOO ...20 Great Eastern lOO ...63 Gt. Northezn Def. Convd. Ord. lOO ...34 , Great Western lOO ...114 Lancashire and Yorkshire 100 ...93 London, Brighton & South Coast lOO ...98 London Chatham and Dover lOO —ll London and North-Western lOO ...132 London and South-Western lOO ...132 Methronolitan lOO ...33 Midland Def. Convd. Ord. lOO ...54 Do. Pref. Convd. Ord. lOO ...63 North British lOO ...29 North Eastern Consols lOO ...131 North Staffordshire lOO ...93 South Eastorn lOO .67 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific lOO —l6O Grand Trunk of Canada lOO ...22 Do. Guaranteed 100 ...99 Do. Ist Pref. lOO ...118- Do. 2nd Pref. lOO ...111. Do. 3rd Pref lOO ...67 TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE Anglo American Telegraph Ord ...100 ...84 Nat. Telephone Pref. Ord. G% lOO ...107 do. Def. Ord. lOO -.407 do. Ist Pref. 6% lO ...12 I do. 2nd Pref. Minimum 6% lO .101 Nat. relephone 31°,4 Deb. Stock lOO ...96 TRAMWAYS. Blackpool & Fleetw'd Tramroad lO -.121 British Electric Traction Ord. lO ...21 Southport Tramways 5 ...3i SHIP CANAL. Nlan Ship Canal Ord. lO _2l/3 do. do. do. Perpl. 5% Pref 10 _3O/6 INDUSTRIALS, Stc Beyer, Peacock & Co. 51% Cum Pref. 1 -.17/0 Bleachers Asso. 51 Cum. Pref. 1 ...20/0 Boy. Ord. (7% Cum.) 1 21/0 Bradford Dyers Ord 1 ...23/3 Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Pref. 1 ...21/0 British Insulated and Helsby Cables Ord 5 .61, British Insulated and Helsby Cables 6% Cam. Pref 5 ...6 Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ord. ...5i.? Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. 7% Prof. lO ...171 Buxton Lime Firms lO ...6,1-, Calico Printers Ordinary 1 ...12/3 Castner Kellner Alkali 1 ...24/9 Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary 1 .71 Crosfleld (J.) & Sons, 5% Cum Pre. Pref. 10 —lOl. Crosflelds, 41% Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb lOO ...97 Crosfleld, 41% 'A' Deben lOO ...93 English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 ...31/11 Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO ...9/ do. do. do. do. 13 8 ...7 Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd., Ordl _27/9' Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., 6% Cum. Pref lO .12 4a Debs. Red. 100 ...95 Hunters the Teamen Ord. 1 ...33/0 Lever Brothers, 5% Cum. Prof. 10 ...11 Lipton Ordinary 1 ...24/G Meldrum Bros., 51% Pref. 1 .13/6 Mond Nickel Co., Ltd., Ord. 1 ...56/o.' do. do 7% Cum. Pref. 5 ...6 i Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cum Prof. 5 .44 Nantyglo & Blaina 8% Pref. 621 ...77 Pearson & Knowles, Ord 5 .5 do. do. 6% Cum. Pref. 5 ...61 Public Benefit Boot 6% Cum. Pref.s ...If Perrins Ltd. Ord. 1 .1/6 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter Ord ...38/6" Richmond Gas Stove & Meter 6% Cum. Prof. 4 ...6 Salt Union Ordinary .18/0. United Alkali Ordinary do. do. 7% Cum. Pref. lO —lll do. do. Deb. lOO ...110 Vulcan Foundry 1 ...34/0 Wi;.,,an Coal & Iron Co., Ltd 71 ...8 do. do. do. do. do. lO -.11 Warrington Land & Property Co., Ltd. Ord. 1 ...17/6 do. do. do B Shares ' 7 ...42 Warrington and District Billpost- ing & Advt. Co., Ltd. l7/6...17/6 The above list and prices have been compiled b? Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Co" Stock and Share Brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington. and will be found reliable.

THE NEW REMEDY For Loss of Flesh and Weakness. Increases Weight 1-Ib. per Week. Costs only a Few Pence.

If you are thin, weak or debilitated from any cause, or if you suffer from indigestion, nervousness or palpitation, a certain yet perfectly harmless and invaluable remedy which can be obtained for a few pence is Dr. Cassell's Tablets. These tablets build flesh and create nerve force and bodily strength ill a manner that surprises everyone who takes them. They should be given to chilOren for rickets, weak chests, or defective nourishment, and taken by adults for any form of nerve and bodily weakness. Stout people may take them without fear of increase of adipose tissue because of their extraordinary power of absorbing fat and converting it into sound, healthy flesh, blood, bone and muscle. Ask your chemist for Dr. Cassell's Tablets, at tenpence- halfpenny.

Warrington.—Printed and published by JOAN WALIUT & CO., at The Examiner General Printing Works- Bewsey-street, and published by them at the sal place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-ros - WIDNES: 32, George-street, ST. HELENS:: ' 3 Market ittlrtehetl,9oE7.A.RLESTowN; Church-street RI7NC ON% Oct.

, 47-4.

===== 0002601_19071019_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD STRRPT WR..4T,TrYAN CHURCH. TO-MORROw (SUNDAY) OCITnRRR 21TH. 1907. Mizeping 1030. Rev. ir'r ET PITT. Rvening K. 30. Rev THOMAS MItiLRR; All wel,ome. Tivrnn Braille. provided

BE WS EY R(AT) WERLEYAN CHURCH ARRTNGTON.! Mg SUNDAY ELIXT, OCTOBER 20TH, 1907. M)rning 10.30. Rev. THOMk9 MILTAIR. livening 0.3 P. Rr. STTINTRY PITT. EVENING t1713.7PCT "The launch of a Liner"— a lesson for fir> voung. All welcome. qvmn Books nrovPecl.

WYCLIFFE CHURCH, BgWSKY STREET, WATtRIPOTON. HARVEST TRANKsCITVING, TO-MORROW (r3TINDAY), 00T0BuR 2rTff, 1907. PREA CHER : RRV. J. YONGF. 10.30 AND 6 30. RPM A L ANTRUMS AND HYMN°. COLT,FCTIONS 14.13 CHURCH MAINTRNANOR PUNT). N. 13 —RA. earnestly hoped that all wyeliffe neonle will rally to these setctces A cordial welcome Is offered to all corners I HVVTnSOT'VIdPd.

BAPTIST CHURCH. wAR RiNGTON. TO-MORROW (SrwrAY) OCTOBER 20TH, 190. PREACHER : MR. JAME; HODG•goN, (qtnrient Etnotiat. College, vancheaterl. MORNING 10.45. 'EVENING 6.30. WEDNESDAY EVENING MIX^ AT 8, SERVIPE FOR MEN AND WOMRN. PREACHER : JOHN FRANCIS MATTHEWS. Ilyrrn Bonita Provided. Everybody Welcome. RAPTIST CHURe TT. LATCHFORD TO-MORROW (9171YD4Y) OOTOBER 20TH, 1907. Morning 10.30. 14venlug 6. PREACHER : JOHN VRAN—Ii MATTHEWS. HARVEiT TH(NK-43.1V1N4, THURqnkY EN7EVIIG NRxr, 001'. 21TH AT q &CLOCK. ANT EM By THE CROIII.OFFERTORII43. MEETING FOR MEN, WEDNRSOkY INIPM AT 8 P.M. BHIISECT Whence how ani why la the Fli.V‘ in•n;rerl,"

PIIOPUI, 01, CI INCRATs Ftof.,o-,4114114147,T SC r-1001,- Rom,' tn-night at 7.c0. ARTT.TIti IVIVIS L. PLINSTON And !Viva VIOLET 13 ROW. MAIIEIII4. 0, PEARCE And A. °MVP! 14.4. IiTiNfnURIST Irrms by D. JORNSION and PROFESSOR MARVELL°. CH AIRMAL His WORE,' IP Ti-TE MAYOR. ADMISSION ONE PENNY, GALLERY TWOPHNOW

THE WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT ImASTER BAKERS AND CONFECTIONERS ASSOCIATION. WILL AM" kNCE THI3 PRICE OF BREAD ONE HALFPENNY PER 4LB LOAF. ON MONDAY NrXT, OCTOBER 21sT. •

ROY kL COURT IflEATItt, WARRINGTON. MONDAY NEXT. OCT. 14TH, AND DURING THE WEEK. Welcome return visit of Mr. f RANK BERTRAM'S PRINCIPAL CoMPANY in the Romantic Drama as played at the lyric and Melphi Theatres London, entitled "THE BREED OF THE TRESHAMS." by John Rutherford, BY ARRANGEMENT WITH MR. MARTIN HARVEY. Time and prices as 'lewd. Seats booked at the Theatre from 11 to 1 and 8 to 9 daily. NATHITHI CITY, MANCHESTER.— OPHN DAILY Fl3Olll 12.30 TO 10.39 P M. LAST WEEKS. LAST WEEKS. NUMEIMOUS FREE ATTRACTIONS. FINItsIT BANDS IN THE wouLD (PERM. MOST GRANDIOSE ILLUMINATIONS ON 'EARTH (FREE) GREAT AMERICAN CIRCU3 (Mitt). BALL ROOM. SKATING RINK. NUMBRoUS ATTRACTIONS. ADMISSION SlXPENCE.—(Teleuhone MS Central).

M A.NCH ESTER POULTRY AND PF3EON SHOW. BRUM VUH GARDENS. OCTOBER 22, 23. 24. POULTRY, PIGKON4 AND APPLIANCRQ. ENTRIES FROM If RR MAJESTY THE QUEEN. UPWARDS OF £I,COO IN PRIZE 2. FIRE w OHRE ON SECOND DAY. ADatiestwe .• TUB -DAY, 2s 64. up to 3 p.m.. after 3 p.m , Is. 6d. WISDNEsDAY. ls. 64. to 2 to.nA , 2 to 4, le.. 4 to 9.30 p.m., Is. 64. THURSDAY. Is. all Any. PRICES INCLUDE ADMISSION TO THE GARDENS.

TUE WARRINGTON ARTS AND CRAFTS SOCIETY PROPOSR TO HOLD THEM ANNUAL EXHIBITION, FROM DECEMBER 9TH- I 4TR, INCLUSIVE. Local Workers in any of the Artistic Crafts are INVITED To SEND SPECIMENS OF THEIR WORK, which may include : DRAWING. METAL WORK. PkINTIN%. WOOD CARVING. SOULPTURE. CHINA PAINTING. EMBROIDERY. JEWELLERY. LITHOGRAPHY. ILLUSTRATION. MARQUETRY For further particulars apolv to the Hon, Secretary Miss H. FAIROLOUGH, Hauptloo, Latchford, hefore the 26th October.

KNU TSF OR DASSOCDIAIVTITNION LIB& LIAL A PUBLIC MIMING WILL BE HELD ON THURSDAY. NEXT OCTOBER 2lttr, 1907, IN las SCHOOLROOM, STRPTTON. .ha 7.30 P.M., TO BE ADDREBSF.D BY ALFRED J. KING. ReQ., M.P., (KNUTbFOBD DivtstorO. FMO3 HORNY, RN., (National Liberal Fed.ration.) Tenant Farmer Cmcliclate for the Ludlow Division. Supported by 14. BILLINGTOW, BSQ, IOW; D I.RBYSHIRE, H. GORDON ROBERTS, ESQ., J. R TO LINSON, ESQ., AND OTHERS. JOSEPH SMITH. Reeretarv.

TO-N.IGHT (SATUKPAY), CCTOBER 19TH. PARR HALL. CONCLUDING PERFORMANCE al GILBIfIiT AND SULLIVAN'S ORIGINAL OPERA " TDB YPOMEN OF 'WE GUARD," (By permission of Mr. D'Oyly Carte). BY MRICBERS OF THE WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. FULL CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA . SPLREDID NEW COSTUMES AND SCENERY. PRICER OF ADM 'SHOP : Re,ervecl Smits, 3r. and 2s. Unreserved, Ts. and 6d. oars open at 7. f. twain rites t 7,30 prompt. Carries at 10.15. kartv Ivor for tieltet-holtio,, only at F. 45. Plan and Programmes a, Mr. R. H. Pearson'r, Bridge-street. J. NV: %/Po ,MBR, Hon, see.

FFAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COWBRLICTTB I TAILS OF ' FROM HAIR FRAMBS, PURR FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T 8 BROWN, 3, LRROB ST (CAR STATION). LIVRRPOOL.

TELEGRAMS, " KENMIL." TELEPHONE, 1746. KENDAL, MILNE & CO., MANCHESTER.

MILITARY BAND INSTRUMENT MANUFACTURERS. B. J. WARD & SONS, io, ST. ANNE ST., LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISHED 103. REED BAND INSTRUMENTS AND FITTINGS.I CONCERTINA BANDS. Brass Band of 12 Fife and Drum Band of 17 £7 17s. Bugle and Drum Band of 9 ESTIMATES FOR ANY NUMBER OF INSTRUMENTS. MUSIC STANDS le• 93., 2e. 65., 3e. 65. TO 15s. REPAIRS BY FXPURIENCED WORKMEN UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. ACETYLENE BAND LAMPS.' APPLY FOR PARTTOTTLARR.

ADIE°' & CHILDREN'S OUTFITTING. TEA GOWS SECTION. -- SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT. WE HAVE PURCHASED AT A GREAT REDUCTION A LARGE SELECTJON OF FRENCH, TEA, & DRESSING GOWNS, MATINEE AND TEA COATS, AND ARE OFFERING THESE EXCLUSIVE MODELS AT HALF THEIR ORIGINAL PRICE. THIS AFFORDS AN EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY FOR ACQUIRING THE BEST POSSIBLE STYLE AT A VERY SPECIAL PRICE. WE HAVE ALSO A VERY LARGE SELECTION OF QUILTED SILK AND PYRENEES WOOL GOWNS FROM 18s. 9d. JACKETS FROM 4s. 6d. YOUNG LADIES' COATS & COSTUMES. NEW MODELS IN THE ABOVE. A LARGE SELECTION OF TWEED, SERGE, & CLOTH COATS & COSTUMES, "IN ALL SIZES AND MANY DIFFERENT STYLES AT MODERATE PRICE. -- BLOUSES IN ALL SIZES FOR SCHOOL WEAR, IN FLANNEL, DELAIN6, AND SILK. A GOOD SELECTION IN STOCK. -- SERGE SKIRTS, IN BLACK AND NAVY. VARIOUS SIZES AND PRICES. GIRLS' HAND-KNITTED HOCKEY COATS, IN SCARLET, NAVY, AND WHITE, FROM 17s. 9D. _- YOUNG LADIES' EVENING GOWNS. A SPLENDID SELECTION OF' CHARMING STYLES IN MUSLIN, NET, AND VOILE, TO SUIT ALL AGES. UNDERSKIRT DEPARTM ENT. USEFUL MOIRETTE SKIRTS from ss. 11D. IN BLACK, PLAIN COLOURS, & PLAID. EXCEPTIONAL VARIETY OF STYLES AND SHADES IN SILK PETTICOATS AT PRICES from 21s. 9d. to 12 Guineas. SPECIAL SHADES PROCURED TO MATCH GOWNS. A LARGE STOCK OF CAMBRIC AND MUSLIN PETTICOATS, TRIMMED WITH LACE AND EMBROIDERY. BABY LINEN DEPARTMENT ALL THE NEWEST DESIGNS IN PELISSES, FROCKS, &C. ALSO SOME CHARMING SHORT COATS IN CREME AND COLOURS. DAINTY MILLINERY FOR CHILDREN OF ALL AGES. DELIGHTFUL PARTY FROCKS. CORSET SECTION. ALL THE NEWEST MODELS IN STOCK TO SUIT EVERY FIGURE AND AGE. PRICE FROM 45.1 11d. to 2 Guineas. KENDAL, MILNE & CO., MINCHESTER. FU FIRST AUTUMN EXHIBITION of FURS THIS DAY in the MANTLE and COSTUME SALOON. KENDAL, MILNE & CV., MANCHESTER. p IBIS FASHIONS. -- SPECIAL EX.HIBITION THIS DAY. PARIS FASHIONS IN BLOUSES AND MADE-UP LACE. KENDAL MILNE & CO., MANCHESTER.

rrEIS cONPORATION OF WARRINGToN IS L PRHPARIM to RWIRIVIi LOANS, either at six months notice or for a term of veers. Application to be rnsde to the BoRouGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrinizton. T HAGUE OF THE CROSS BRASS—BANo :-358, 787, 745, 2495, 1019, 360 P, 2978, 2562, 196, 327, 628, 170, 352, 1136, 933.

BIRKBECK BANK. REITABLIREED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGs, HIGH HOLBORN, W.O. 211. PER CENT. INTEREST allowel on Deposit Accounts. 2 PHR CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Accounts With Onetime Er.ok. All General flanking Business Transacted. AtibIANACH, WITH FULL PAHTICULA.PB. POST PEER. C. P. RAVENtsCROFT. ST,CIiv:TARY

MAGBRL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHBFFIEL MAKS, WARRANTED, PO3T PRUE 21. CM., 35., 4s. 6D., AND 56. f3D J. Et. DODD. 10. ST, JOHN'S LANS, LIVERPOOL. Made And Ground By linglish Labour. Local Agent: T. HIMBWORTII. Market Hall. Warrington.

NURSES! NURShS ! ! ISUIizES!!! MALE OR FEMALE, ANY CASE, ANY DISTANCE, NIGHT OR DAY. LIVERPOOL MALE AND FEMALE NUR9II3' INSTITUTION, (FsTentaans'n 30 Ye). 110 PE 1101.Stit, HOP Y: ST., 141TERPOOL. Telephone: 2570 Royal. Telegrams : "Nurses," Liverpool,

. _ GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. BOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 'Op.,' AND is. BD., EACH WaoLEBILE,. BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON.

DAM, MIQBA, CARUSO, KUBELIK, LAUDER, RTC., will sing and play for you at home any time you wish. All ynn require is a GRAMOPHONE AND RECORDS, and von have then at your command the finest artistes of the world. RVEIRY RIVIORD and every type of GRAMOPHONI4, ZOROPlroNasnd THOMAS 14DISON MACRINR in stock at 'TAKE GB AH A M'S, 74A Join 7P RENSHAW ST., AND 271, PARK RD., LIVERPOOL. 'Tel, 56X and 431 X Royal. SIIND FOR LISTS POST FRISR.

LEFT-OFP' CLOTHING, Scc., Bot1(41-fr.—Bb.ST PRICE for parcels forwarded ; if not approved Goods Returned, C ARRI AGEP Second-hand DRESS SUITS, MILITARY, 'MR ATRICAL. BARD UNIFORMS, LIVRRIHS.ARM Y TRNTS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRICK. LAMBS' EVRNING DRESSRS. COSTPMES, BLOUSHS. GMT'S FUR-LINIM and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTEAUS. &c., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY TROUSRRS SHIRTS.BLUCHRRS.WFILLING lONS, CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, FOLIOR CAPES, GORMAN'S. 326. 328, and 340, Deansfrate, Manchester. Established 60 Years. Telephone N') 4138.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, SICKNESS, SMPLOYHRS' LIABILITY, BMW LARY AND FIDELITY GUARANTS4 RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO, CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £L.003,000 CLAIMS PAID £5,000,000 64, CORNHILL,LONDOL A. VIAL Secretary MANOHBSTHR OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Bridge St. Mr.W.H. RlGBEY.Nessoliffe, Viotoria-rd.,Latchford St Helens Mr.J. B. LRACH, Hardshaw-strest Haydock.. Sandbach Mr. F. J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

PIERPOIYT AND CO., PRIZE MEDAL IikKERY, 125, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. BEST HOUSEHOLD BREAD. SPECIAL VALUE IN FIOIJR. SELF-RAISING FLOUR. HARD TO BEAT.

HuitTuri'b BiNlulUl PiLL6 FOR FBSIA.LBS. In a few days correct all irregularities and remove all obstructions; also cure An3emla, and cause no Injury; to the married or single are invaluable. By post, under cover, for Is. lid. or 2s. 9d.. from G. D. MORTON (late Chief Dispenser from Birmingham Lying•ln Hospital), Dept. 55 Aston road, North, Birmingham. Sold over 40 years,SUPPLIND DIBBOT ONLY. 9BLDOM BV/CR FAIL. Alt Ladies should send for a free sample of Improved anitary Tows', and Interesting booklet post free,

DISINFECT WITH SNOWDOL FLUID AND POWDERS MANY TIMM MOHR BFFECTIVR THAN CARBOLIC ACID. To be obtained from all Chemists or the Manufacturers— SNOWDON SONS & CO., LTD., MILLWALL, E

WATERPROOF MOTOR AND TRAP RUGS. e KENDAL, MILNE, & CO. ARE OFFERING. MAKERS' SAMPLES OF WATERPROOF MOTOR AND TRAP RUGS AT 25 PER cENr. OFF USUAL PRICES. KIINDAL, MIL NE a CO., MANCHESTER.

ANGLO-U[3ICH NURSti itY CU., CAStil !GUM, HOLLAND. COLLECTION D. OF BULFS. 3,C39 BULBS, O. HALF QUANTiTY, £1 12s. COLLBCTION F., 1,156 BULBS FOR V. Is. HALF QUANTITY Us. Orders from 105. delivered Free to Destination. ILLUSTRATLD CATALOGITE FREE ON APPLICATION.

TO ALL WHOM THIS MAY CONCERN. TH E ORIGIYAL AND Tl;Utt. ory CELEBRATBD UNGUENTUM is an invaluable Ointment for ERYSIPELAS, ERYTHEMA, BURNS or SCALDS, Pimples. Polls, Carbuncles, Whitlows, Chafes. Herpes, Shingles, Eczema, Sore Head and Bars, Ulcerated Legs, and all diseases of the Skin. Prices le. 10. and 21. 9d. each. PREPARUD ONLY AT THE WATERLOO PHARMACY, 88. WATERLOO ROAD, LONDON, S.R.

BFITABLIIIHEL 1833. b MTS. 1. HOs. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGSNT, "EXAMINER" OFFICE. 33 MARKET STREET. BARLESTOWN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS.

H E CHEAP E 1)11 uk-, josbeTH BOOKING'S NOVEL, " THB WOMAN OF BABYLON" le. 3d. POST FREE, IS SUPPLIED BY THE CITY PIiOTESTANT AND tiENER AL BOOK DEPOT, 18, FiTBBNO3TBB BOW, LONDON. B.C. SEED FOB CATALOGUE OF CoNvENT LITERLTURF,

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUSANDS OF LAMES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DAVIS'S FAMOUS FFCMALI4I HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON 'lO WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anemia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Lou of Appetite,Hysteria,Palpitation of the Heart. Debility. Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, an all Pamela Ailments. Boxes cid. Is. lid.. 2s 9d.45. 6d. and its. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPAHON CURE. A positive Specific for Piles and Constipation, and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- plaint. Bottles 2/9. 4/6. 11/, by post 3d. extra, 309 PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON, W. (Only Address).

CADIADA bY ALLAN LINE.--THE E ACM OF 00HAN COaliFnRT IS ATT MINED IN THE FAST TUBBIER sTEAMBRS. BHORTIEIT AND CHEAPEST ROUTE TO ALL PARTS OF CANADA A WESTERN STATES. SPEED, Unsurpassed Accommodation Excellent Cuisine. Details re Work and Wages. SAFETY, Apply ALLAN, 103, LEADENHALL STREET. ane COMFORT si, PALL MALL. LONDON; 19. JAMES 6TENET, LIVERPOOL or Local Agents.

JAMES ATKINSON, 7, 11 & 13, BRIDGE ST., Warrington. SPEeI7AL SHOW Next Week. ALL THE NEWEST AND MOST DESIRABLE IN Ladies' PALETOTS, CARACUL and FUR COATS, YOUNG LADIES' COATS and 'PALETOTS, ENDLESS VARIETY IN CHILDREN'S GARMENTS. PRICES TO SUIT ALL PURSES, A VISIT SOLICITED.

Public Benefit Boot Co. Ltd. eolossal SALE Now on.

Surplus Stock of Boots and Shoes offered at immense reductions. UNDER THE CLOCK BRIDGE STREET, Warrington.

TELEPHONE 514 Yeomen of the Guard

Mixture

T. SUDLOW & eo., 15 WINWICK STREET, and 65 BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 514.

SMITH 4St_ WALKER ARE NOW SHEWING THEIR CAREFULLY SELECTED STOCK OF NEWEST GOODS FOR AUTUMN AND WINTER WEAR. AGENTS FOR THE N. AND C. RAINCOAT. TELEPHONE 382 Y. MA.MeEET GUL9rIO, WARRINGTON.

-------- IiSTABLiBIIED 1838. • RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAMS MARSH AND PRINT BELLIIR. A Large Assortment of Framed Plotures,snitable for Wedding and Birthday Preaents, School Prises, &a. Terms Moderate. RRPRODUCTIONS BY HCILLYIIII OF PIOTUBB3 BY WATTS, ROSSWITI, and BURNII-J9NRS.IAUTOTYPII lIIIPRODUOTIONE OF picrußßS IN 11111 NATIONAL, TAIR AND OTHIIR GALLIINIAS. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAV(Nos.

FOR REALLY GOOD TAILORING, WHETHER LADIES OR GENTLEMEN'S, GO TO H. S. PAGE & CO.. 74, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. WE STUDY YOUR WANTS AND LAY OURSELVES OWL TO SUPPLY THEM

For OVERCOATS ready to weary And OVERCOATS to measurey NEW GOODS FOR COMING SEASON. GRAIK, 36, BUTTERMIMATIGTIIREET,

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, - The old and tried remedy that stood the test of two generations. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, Invaluable for • COUGHS, COLDS, RONCHITIS ASTHMA, NEURALGIA REPUSTI to be put off with a SUBNIITUTI.f. he original can be had of ALL cumusrs if you show you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNH 1$ THH NASH; is. 2e. 9d., 6d. the pricer. 'DR' J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

• filatrfinOnn 14 I\l ATTaMONIAL Tildß9." the best and quickest ll:Arb- il', ductory medium for All desiring a matrimonial alliance; price 6d.. in seated envelope.—Addrers }lntroit Pn...rt Ratite, d 5. irentberstont4 finildlng• MnlhnrT), W.

ITCLks.— Marvellous sacrifio. ; gent's new 1907 machine, kJ highest grade Clincher tyres, Crabbe rillPr lever front and back rim-brake; very lat.st ; Perry s ball-bearing free- wheel ; plated rims ; coloured. centres; black enamelled and lined frame ; mudgtiards ; magrificent machine ; not soiled ; complete, with gas lamp, bell, pump, spanner, «Lc. ;£4 5.. great bargain ; worth double. Send OD approval anvOletance before cash sent.—M. Howir. Bt. Madge, Pitman-road. Westor-mper-Mare.

ICs. 64. garden bundle, extraordinary yalua.—Writa for particulars. Mlsictx, Chin Sutton, Maidstone. DAFFODILS. Narcissus, 54. &men. 3s. 100 selectet Hyacinths named mixed, 1s 61. drzen, 11,. 100 selected -..CARTJSR BIRD, Woxilands, Cove, F4rublroug'l, Hants

TT U 17113. ten rn ms, Wickham rd., St. John's ; station, tram. ; £450.-2R LIND .T.. St, John's, 4 R. iGIHHitHoLO COUNTRY HOUSh. 2 reception. 4 beds Jr Lounge Hall. one acre, mile village and station, price £6so.—Fosa. Sheriherdaweli. Dover. Pnse.Asinn

To OWNHR OP PitOPHRTY in Liverpool.--Pro.erty _l_ repaired at the lowest charges ; paper found and, hung from 6d. per piece; ceilings whitened from 41. each ; eatimates free. —JAMES McKit•tww, Contractor, 12:), Qatsen's rd.. Liverpool. TO INVHSTORS.—Rquity of 48 substantially built well. I let weeklies. One lot or septratel.. Best situation round Manchester. Near cars and station, Gross rental £922 7s. Pri e £2,3oo.—Apply J. SPARIV)W. Roleston House, Fallowfle'd. Man-h.ttter

BAt3HISLO it, 39, successtul tradesman, life abstainer. non- smoker, sincere, straightf9rward, Wishes to correspond with healthy domeaticatel young lady with capital of her own ; view early marriage ; protestant, total abstainer, age 28-30. height 6ft, 61n., bust 32 371 n.. fair cornplezion, diirk brown hair, dark blue eyes, affectiouate disposition. —Ful particulars and photo. c/o, 1. Tillson, 3, Museum squared eieoet or.

VOIL bAL/4.-- ell Owe THRHIC liops situate in Winwick et.. Wsrring.on, and numbered 37. 39. ant 41. at present in tha occupation of Vro.Stirrup an Mr. Brookle- burst. togetber with buildings and stables In the r.sr. firo‘s annual rent £175 125., eubjact to an annual chief rent of £2O lls. 6d —a pply S. Ovrittra, Baste Agent, Widnes.

g47—GOOD OL4BB HOTEL. centre High .t,, ". well-furn'sbed throughout, full inventory, 8 bsdrooms, bath, spacious coff,e and dining rooms, saloon, two private, public bars, superior a, comrnoiatl..n. kitchen, scullery, every convenience, two rooms in area. doing steady and profitable local trade, genuine. 111-health cause leiving, close sea front. trams stop at house. —CLARE:Ice HoTEL, High so.. Portsmourn. QbV Kt 4 KlNG:.—Lorotortable awl well-built Villas, rents 11r. and 11ss Bd., containing 2 reception rooms, kitchen, 'cutlery, pantry. o.,nservatory. 2 bedrooms, bathroom, h. & c. throughout, 2 w.c Full purchase money (265 or £2Bc) advanced repayable by monthly instalments of KITTENS.—Lovely Blue Persian Kittens, prize pedigree -I £1 17e. I d .ard reerectively.---Apply 21,Kirnberley Avenue. immense co.ls, tiny tutted ears, snub noses, orange Aldborough rd., 10 Mafeking Avenue, or PNOFLeB LAND Co., eyes; charming pets, trained tu home; insceotlon invite 1. LTD., Ads-Inure Place, London Bridge, B.C. Mrs. BODEL, taklands, Latchford.

T OVHLY PARROT, talking wonder ; says anythin / laughs, sings. whistlss ; comical ; tame pet. -166, VlcToßis ST., Lonasight, Manchester.

UOR MLR. TWO DONK NYS, 'along. last, and handsome. £5 each ; also small dog-c?.rt and harness to fit either, £6.—Miss FREDA Tstomrsrcaorr. tildriington, Crewe.

:VIAGNIFIGENT DISPLAY OF AUTUMN AND WINTER NOVELTIES. AT POPULAR PRICES, IN FRENCH AND ENGLISH ATILLINERY. NEW IDEAS IR MILLINERY ART. ALL THE LATEST COMBINATIONS AND MATERIALS OF THE SEASON. OUR N&Vir FUR IiPARTMENT. Adjoining the Millinery Salon, is now replete with a Splendid Collection of the most Fashionable and Reliable FURS at Moderate Prices. FURS RENOVATED AND REMODELLED TO THE PRESENT FASHION. -- H-ENRY ATILE.3 & CONEPANY, FURRIERS, GLOVER'', MILLINERS, AND FANCY DRAPERS. CH ITCH-STREET,

UCIOR QR Vft T, preparation bv Correnondenots for all examinations.—SEesurrAßT, 84, Coniston rd.. hinswell Hill.

Turaftputn COT ,Llll4ll. BTSPHALVI —Boarding School fnr Girls. Fa.cing se*; hrqcing air. Thorough educa- tion. Physical Training. Inclosive terms. Paincipals, the gloom IRELAND.

I,IXAM. RXPRRTI, all Professions, re.Risntlal or corres- Ui pondence.—PinrsqwnTorf TEMPERT. Tutors, Man- chester. Aehire free.

nOARDING SCROOL for Young Ladios and Children. F.eneh ftpeeklity.—ConvErr ROCK HELL, Criekle wood. London.

it R. ERN RST W I IL,K RQ, A.L.C. ProfeQsqr of 1,1 Music, Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Chnrch, PIANO, ORGAN, THRORY, HARMONY. COUNTER- POINT, MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certifteates and Prizes gained by pupil.. Large three-manual organ for pupils' praotice.—For ttrms 'apply 134, LOVELY LINE and UGH BT.. Warrington -UR ANKRY HOUSE SCHOOL, ROY LAKE, OPlRSHlRE.—Princlpals Miss CHAPMAN and Miss GRUEN. Education on befit modern )(neg. Preparation for Examinations. Resident Foreign Governees. Half term November 4th.

QOUTHPORT MODR:RN SCEI()OL.—AN IDEAL Bonnor, FoR Boyq. Firqt-&a, einentlon. 110^d homa. and healthr swrrn.mdings, Swimming, Gymnastfor,) C.det Onmmny. and Tillie Ranpo. Irnrelgn boys received. Mostly full. Prnimeetnq from PRIA,CIPAL.

gTOCKTON LODGE HI(41-1 QCROOL, STOORTON HRATH.WARRINGTON (3 minutes frun Oct Terminus DAY AND /MARRING srmont FOR GIRLS, KINDBRG&IITRN. PRRPARATORY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. tares+ R 011,114. extensive p.rnunds and plaving fields. Exeellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistress.' Great successes in Bramtnetinns. The next Term will oorn- menee on Tuesday. September 17th. PROSPROTRQ, R.ferenees an Views on apnlication to MISS PARTINGTON, PRTNCTPAL.

STU:RR-TS COLLPGF, THR: PIoNv-,-R OF TUITION Hlr rORRESPONDENCE AYI3 TCTE M ST StreCF:..FITL AT THP: PREPFMT DAY, prerares Stud.nts by post (,) FOR ALL CIVIf, SuRVICR INCLUDING POST OFFTOF EXAMS. Youths ia, to 2?. Young Ladles IC io 20. (1) IN Siiii,TPC-Ti USKFUL IN A BUSININS CARTIER. Shorthand, Prcal Rloickeeping, Handwriting, Business Arithmetic Letter-writing. (e) FOR CNIVRRqITY Rk‘MINATIONS Including Yatrieulation, (Word Cambridge, and volleg. of Prerepoors (-enior arvi Junicr). (d) FOR PROVMsgTONAT, PRRLIMINARY ISX. V. 1.. Including those for Den'ists, Chemists, Lawyers, Foliritors, Accountant., .te. (r) FOR TRACHRRS' b)CAMILATIONS. Nameiv : Pupil Teachort.' Bntrarce. Certificate Preliminary% and Ceriific,tP. THE PRO.PFCTUP for any of the above sent post free on reeeiot ne popte,d at 5, BOLD ST LIVERPO OL.

liqtbiral

UCZ FM A r to,d hy Fxeline. Free sample ointment, pills, 'J Fuld nsrtleo'ars of trPatment, B.UCR C.. 69A Psrk rd., Woo Onlwieh Q.U. vs') AR.185".-tiolrne's Female Pills' are sold in hoxes, is. lid.. 2s. 9d. - extra 4s. 61. Useful and instrnctive ooktpt po.r, tirmasve. Phornieta sinttincrham. riCZRM A.—Sure safe core. Recipe end list free.- 11, '44 THrwArrs:s. 14erha1i•t. ctorittnn-nn-T.p.. JNDI011•41'1()N CITRIC bOrid Is. P.O. for one week's 1 treatment. —lf M ARFIR. .Vorroanton rd.. Leicester.

1[311,k6.-o..rntate,d pure. *Ares operation ; restimor.laii I from all parts ; 2s. 3.l.—Umnits. 49, Whitechapel, Liverpon'. DOUAI, PIVDT,RQ, eorel vsl,h Alpha Ville. Post free. ls ed. and 2s. 9d.—r3•RDPSICR. 7 Major at., Manselton, Swanqea

LlTlff)luf3 bICHVI4 PlLLS.—Servi 6d, PM. or etampe for kJ le lid. trial bottle to HATLEY's LIMITED, 3E, Havelock rd., Meeting,.

c3P.NTLkYi, OMAN hs cure for Corns ("pry old), absolutl.y genuine. Sond 7d. to ili•DiNt, 8 South bow, North- ondon, W.

IION3TIPA'IION, PILBS.—How Adrertispr was cured k) without medicine or expen4e. Eufferers write to-day.— BoMrLANDFIELID, St. Albans. IkNNW CURB for Blindness, Cataracts, Films. Specks, &c., without operation. Testimonials, &c., free to all eve silifh•ress —l.troos:TT. Blm, withech.

- -11111Lii DISPERSHIL—Latest di.covAry : immediate relief. marvedoue curee.—P.O. for le. 34 to PILE DISPERSER •., 2, Cliron r 1 • Aaton Birrninvnam.

USTAB. 185O.—Hu1m& Best Female Pills' are sold In .1./ boxes, Is. Ift , 21 9d. ; ex•ra 44. 6d. Useful and Instructive booklet post free.--Bui.mEs.Chemlct,Nottingham

lIHADAOHR &ND NEURALGIA. TRY" Zinn" ' never falls. Prize Is. ld. —WRAY, Chemist, L Lemington en Tyne._ -LlRER._persoo, Ili or 'ling shout seni for thA Key to Hemitt. Hundreds ewe 1. ituaose stump. —VALI:I7I. 19. Cannon ,t., Nl4nehrster.

SOUTH FORT. fir YES'S RTACRAVT (KiepT BY OLD WARRIvOro, Pg)pr,R 38, CH kl3Ets-•3TiZFCFCr. HSTIMATHS GIVRN. CHOIR PARTIER. PICNIC 9 kc TEITIMINT 4 L.,± FO]' ALMST EVRRY TOWN IN LANCAMT IRE Teknhone 0465. TEM OLDHST HiTARLTSRRD liflS!AUlt,kri I IN TOWN.

FFRK BOuKLIST, Id. stAmp, on lidatrozone treatment : safe easy Reconcilement marvellous recuperation of moth Fr. Aright healthy eliikiren.—VlisaiozoitE (Jo , Nothr Shields.

ADIF.4 !—Nurse Abbot's liastein Remedy cures Antemla, LA Debi)ity, .te , n.-ver supplv, 46. 6d. ; free sample sent for starno ; interviews by appointment.— ORIENTAL LABqRAToRY, Thornhill Eigivire. London, N.

ATOEILBSS CO NI PLHXIONS.—The freshness and IYI brilliancy of youth guaranteed Ladles at all times ; a unique preparation, containing steel, pennyrocal, bltter apple, and oth, r valuable ingredients ; safe, sure, speedy, absolutely harmless ; sample box, 6d. —Postal Orders to CHRISTo Co , 9, Mincing lane, London, 8.0.

•0

_ r ,---, r 4. •,,,z • , ~,,.,,..;-.-d,. _ .... . , ,'•.:;,-.,..---'• ,). .1- ‘ ~ ~ a : 1 tt 1 14, •t a . ---..•-•,. ;it. ~,,. ...4k, ~,..;;;;•.''!..,...,-.1..ZA., 'iii„, ~,,. , t 4 2.:, 7.:.,,- ;-• ~,..'• ttie .•,, t -i,14....- ' 1, .1t ..

• . i 17," ~:.,...„4,... , ~ .., , "..„.4.t., .11)..,. ... 4.41. 1:55 1„,,,i ~ = E :. 7. is .• -.4i,./...16. VA .:„,:...,,.. , ;,,. „..., xr- • - . .F. ',"" st-'.• • kVA" . ~.,... . -1, ..r. ci. , ‘ :174. '44A, e:CIY . ~,.! :. 1. . '... •ri'''''', ~, '3k. C . fr..fk . , 44 1,„w1 ''•!..:•:4 '''' Vt., i-.... 1.1. c.: -; , .t.,•!, . 44 ,;:r it'' '.. V - . • . It' '6,' "./ .....'..4„ * ' ii.i. -. ''''', ...v.. • .., 'l4lllk ' 1 ' 'i.k : ' . 4,ark :: , :,, .:. ‘.._.„.4....:4 *ha

: •: "..-:: : ,:..,. : i i.i.:•:::i i . . .. . .. .. . , . . . „ „ . ...“... . . i '.... •i•:....::...:.":-.....:.:.:..'„,::.;:.: ' ••::::.:, •...i .. i., ~?Z.....-....,•:::::::.-:::::.',- i: ••;. . :,,....:::::•;:::::-:•:i:K.::::..,•::?':Mi*M:;:iiii*. . ~ ...:ii:ii:.:•:.:iii*::.:::.:.::... • -::::::. •::.::::..:::',::••Miii::k4k i : : i :-. :::::::::•!.g..;.....i. ..-....•-:•.:.::::::: -Y.::: •.:.:::.iA -::: ... • . • . ••• , - • • .... .............• •,. . • . . .. .... .. . ..... .. . • . .. ........ ~. . . ......s. . . •••• •..,. :.. e.- • ....-:::..0:::::Ear:•::::::::.:::......:•• ..::.,..::::: i i ; . , .... . ~............ •• • •••• • • • • ..• . • • .. . „ .... „ .. .. .. .......... • • . •- . .. - •• . . • ... ....... • .... ...... • . . . , . , .. ~ ..... .. • ........... • ...............• , : .. • • ;;.:, ' : ~• 1::: :::::::::::;;;••::::::" •:* ' ' '.• f ; ;'. :: :: • : ;,. :: . ;.; : i i'...; •;:'::::.; ::::::•::::::::T.::::.;:**:::::••• k Z .::.:::•; i : . :. •.: •• i ::' ' ni• t•: : ; ; ;.;: 'sv. : in:'''' .. • .• : . : .. : .: ::. : :. :: :. :c ,;:.: i: : ?.. : :: :::!... 7. 1i :, i. ; .... I. :4. • *.y.:••••••••, ikk::::'. • :::: .•:.•..;:::::i.:,•:!;.:.:0::',:** '*l . :: :: •:: i`. • .:: • : '• ; • ,k.:::' •• %;.• :•:.::;;;...: :-%:;:••••• , .::::::. , ':.' .; :• : .-:„.....;••• . ... '::::: :.-....a:::::•.:•;:..;::••..•., , ? !:.:,:: ;•. , ,;;•;.:;•:.;6....;'. .1•:: ... : '..,. :::•*1: -r ..i.:•;..i.:.....!'::.::';1•1••::J.`C.::: ' ...; • ..!*.:1;:vki.4i.ii:Pag.i:::::;i:::.:::::.;:::::::::••••;::.::::: • . ;::::::.;4..::...;::.::::::.;M:''.!ili;M::::::.... ............................ • • MISS GRACE BENTON. '

Doctors know the value of /RONZX TABLETS in cases of indigestion and constipation. Write for copy of "The Doctor's Word." A dainty Aluminium Pocket Packet of 50 Tablets for is. If your chemist has not got them, they will be sent post free on receipt of One Shilling by the Iron-Ox Remedy Co., Ltd., 20, Cockspur Street, London, S.W.

New Zealanders did, and quite possibly they would lose. The tourists, from the burliest forward to the nippiest back,have the knack-Of making an opening for a try when the Northern Union' player would be safely tackled with the ball. The chief merit of their victory on Wednesday lay in the fact that the recognised cracks of the team, Smith, Messenger, and Todd were rested The srlbstitutes did almost as well, and there was certainly no lack of scoring power. But with a full team, the score against Widnes must ,have been nearer 40 points. REVIVAL OF AN OLD CUSTOM. -- How the Roman Gladiators Preserved their Skin.

Direct from the Tea Garden to the Teapot. Li PTO I'S TEAS LARGEST SALE IN THE WORLD.

TAKE HORLICK'S MALTED MILK AND KEEP STRONG. REQUIRES NO COOgIINIG. Samples, 34, Farringdon Paul, London, E.C.

WANTED. good clean GENERAL ; where young girl is kept —Particulars (first letter) to 'IKE Li KES, 810 om- field rd., Blotekpool.

'tJJANTV, young willing GIRL ; one child ; comfortable home; enclose references and photo.—Mrs. Jacicsos, Highgate avenue, Fulwood, Preston.

WANTED, a awl, GENHEAL, age about 30, to act as Housekeeper; must bare reference. Apply HamPeozes, Manor House Inn, Atherton.

‘VANTBD.—GIiNSHAL, stron.-, reliable, for November 6 ; willing to wash ; Protestant; 4 in family ; refs. ; £l4.—Mrs. AsKEw, 16, Hartwood rd.. Southport.

PpEhtIONS PUKCI:I9.&.OI+ RUSIN ICNSILS can be accommodated with Capital At MAURICE AND CO., 31, Cairo et_ Warrineon•

11:01 BS T URANT FOR DISPOSAL, centre of town, estab- IL Balled nearly 20 years, splendid connection, only wants seeing to sell.—Apply T. COWDELL, Business Agent, Legh at., Warrington.

DRETTY LITTLII POULTRY FAUNI, near Narrington, J. sure living for an energetic couple (to be sold reasonable.) —Apply T. OowDELL, 31, Leah at., Warrington.

GROOlittY AND PILOVISION BUSINKSS for immediate disposal with nice fowl house and hen run behind (eacrificel.—Apply T. CownELL, Business Agent, Leh it., Warrington.

(HIP and TRIP 8 FLOP, math street (well established); counter, apparatus, chopper, &c., &c. ; suitable for cooked meats. Bent only 61. clear (genuine) ; price £l2 Full particulars COWD%Lt, Legh at.. Warrington.

(ILD establisbeci Wholesale Oil business at oisposal. / Speciality cycle and engine oils. Low figure. Rare chance.—MlLLEß & blow. Brenttord.

WHY work for othPrs ? We will show you now yon can establish a profitable business for yourseit. Write, in strict confidence.—HoLmse 1 Co., Bank •ierrace, Mortises, Yorkshire.

CIENTHAL roomy WORKSHOP nnd YARD to Let.—Suit V Builder, Cabinet Maker, or other ; use of sawing and planing machine.—Apply T. COWDELL. Rotate Agent, Ac., 31, Leah Bt., Wairington,

DaTES' GAS and OIL ENGINES, successfully exhibited at all important shows; hundreds in use; coick delivery ; all sizes; speciality Suction Gas Engines and Gas Plants.—W. J. BATES a CO. (LTD.), Denton, Manchester. Tel. 50 Tlenton.

T Id WORTH YOUR WHILB to BUY YOUR LUBRI- CANTS DIRECT. RELIANCE HIGH-OLAS3 NON- CORROSIVE largest sale in the world. ENGIN'EII OIL. up.. CYLINDER OIL. Iljl., MA.CHINEIRY OIL, 110., SPINDLE OIL. 91., GAS ENGINE OIL, Is. Pel., DYNAMO OIL, 11. BA. per gallon ; in barrels, free and carriage paid.— RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL COMPANY. 19 and 20, Water lane. Great Tower at., London, E.C. Also 99, Great Clyde at., Glasgow; I,Sandbill.Quayside. Newcastle-on-Tyne.

pATHNT OF FIC II M &SCHUSTER BATABLISMCD IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE' DAVIES & SON have he-) more than 40 years personal experience in connection with this Establish. merit andpossess practice lkno wiedge of the cotton,woollen end iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 84 , " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. 9140RG8 DAVIES, 0.11., & BON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A 4. ST. ANN B SQUARE, NIANCHESTHE

PIINKRTH.—GOOD HOUSES WITH GARDIINS, 3s. 9d per week, also Cottages 3s. 64. and 2s. 6d. per week. IVY LODGR.FROGHALL LANE. reduced rent. 65, WASH LANS. WILL STREET. OIFFICBS,ground floor. elect upper rooms. 41, NEW ROAD, rent 4s. 94. per week. Apply ROBERT LOWE. Estate Agent,No. I Bank-street War rlngrton. Telenhone—No 66.

TO LET, HOUSE, Knutotord rd. Beautified throughout. Rent £l7. Apply JAS. B. ALDRED, Leigh Villas, Grappenhall.

LET Goon ROUSH, 1-- rker street, rent 355. month J_ clear, will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODS SG SON, Solicitors, Warrington.

oLD Cottaxes to let, furnished. Immediately. Five and four rolrns. qtation five miles Lovely Coast hills, moors.—STEWART ZEgNORIT Cornwall.

LI,CO?,nOO—AGIINTS Wanted for our profitable Teas Write Mr. ALDERSON, 93, Leather Lane, London, P.C. pHILD Wanted, any age; terms mod. ; references from respectrib'e persons.-14. GREFNIYG Holwav,eattistnek.

VOTICH ITO CONTRACTORS AND CARTHR4.—GOOD 11 CINDBR9 may be had at the " BICSMINMR " OFFICE. 3d. per load given. A GHATS WANTBD, Private Christmas Cards; good Pt commission allowed; no risk ;no outlity ; easily earned. Apply, Box A 5. COOPER PRINTING COMPANY, Burn ley. pRSONS required to address Envelopes, &c„ iu their scare time (either sex). good pay.—Post addressed envelope ARMSTRONG Co., Sandiand it., London, W.C.

A GRNTS WANTRD.—Private Christmas CAris. Good 13 commission allowed; no risk; no outlay; money easily earned,—Apply Box D 54, COOPER PRINTING CO., Burnley.

WANTBD, few sets &d brass drawer handles, with embossed plates, plates with the drop handles missing. suitable, set of 6,8, or over.—W. R. JorrEP, Oaklsnds, near, Brecon.

PHIVATH XM LIAIIDS, Agents wanted. Splendid sample book, popular prices, hlg best commie sion. no association—THE NORTHERN OAR]) PUBLISHING 00, Manchester.

CIOAL BU.9INHSS WANTHD.—Not particular to price, but must be able to prove trade doing ; can pay cash down and take early poseesslon.—MASON, 71. Market it., Manchester.

L S. D. MEANS Money for you by representing us Incandescent Goods. Good Commission and expenses, Write for terms.—U. C. MANTLE Co., 8, 'South it. Finsbury, B.C.

FRENOH SPINDLH HAND wants situation (Joiner), accustomed to all kinds of Shopfitting, Airtight and Cabinet Work, or could take charge. London experience.— W., 65, Knuteford rd., Warrington.

T RAVELLER (24) (Corn, Seed Flour, Manure, ool,irnpl, ments) requires trustworthy situation with M€rtitiant or Miller, 6 years business experience. Abstainer. Highest references.—PlKY, 11 St. Andre iv's rd., Enfield.

A GENT required in this district for the La Mode ..t‘ Universelle Garment Cutting System ; able to teach dressmaking ; system taught ; 'lases can be opened.— Address, Mrs. I?. WHALLEY. 134, Rt. George's rd., Preston,

ONTARIO, the principal Province of Canada, offers most favourable opportunities to strong young Men and others desirons of engaging in Farm Work. Female Domestics in great demand at high wages. For particulars apply ONTARIO GOVRRNMENT AGENCY,7, James lII.,LIVOIDOOI.

K./UW{I4I%S 1 KN kOKHRS I 1 KNACKHRS !t 1 Beet possible prices given for dean or worn out Horses or Cattle Prompt re-rioval on the shortest notice any distance up to 16 miles— JANIS'S TOOLE AND SONB LTD., Manure Manu- facturers, Longford Works, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole, Lonvford Works, Telenhone 299.

3 PIANOS ON SALH HRTURNRD FROM HERR. PIANO, beautiful Rosewood Case. t.y Ralph Allisnn.. PIANO, beautif of Walnut Case, by Hilton and Hilton. PIANO, Oak Case, by T. G. Payne. PIANO, beautiful Walnut Case, by William Barnes. INTENDI cia BUYERS SHOULD NOT KISS THESE BERG AIN& FULLY WARRANTRD BY SBLVBS AND MAKERS. NOTE ADDRvSB IT' VV 59, NAIJUfY ST.. WARRINGTON.

DISToL.S. vvanted Flint Locks, 2,3, and 4 barrels.— limns, Globe Works, Sheffeld. - QIIND stamped address for winners, to 123 Sheffield rd., Wittington Moor, near Chesterfield.

QTADIMERING, Stuttering, Hesitation,perruanentiv cured; Ll write for particulare.—OoRRE9PONDENCE SCHOOL FOR STAMMERERS, Bishop Auckland.

-1111BMN&NTS.—Oloth suitable for Costumes, Dresses, Boys' Suits, Bcc ; send se. or 10s. for Monster parcel; carriage pairf.—F. CROSTRWAITE, Halton, Leeds.

I.) HAL WITSBY BLANK NJ, Rll.jbty eoilei. 6s. the Dear AL carriage Bd,—l3Lovaa, Draper, Greenwich, L AMPS I Naphtha or Petroreum) for Stall., Shope, or tihoWe ; se. free.—ALLsor, Sfyton Place, !full.

SUN DAY Conmanion-size Reading-case, Is. ; Muslc-2ase. is.; Fancy Blotter, 9d. free. —ILEs. Binder, Gross enor rd., Bristol.

LONDON' 3 CRAZI4.— Diabolo ' Set sant post free on receipt Postal Order 15.—BRIm8T is Co., 193, Brockley rd.. London, B.P.

IVINTBR is Corning. —Keep baby warm. Large size Cot Blankets, le. 6d. pair, carriage 3d. extra.—A. S./LIMY, 113, Blenheim et., IIHII,

BA.RGAIN.—Gent'a handsome gold-case Hunter Watch. 10e. ; originally £2. ApprovaI.—BLACKAILN, 69, Hatton Garden, London. R.C.

QUITS AND OVERCOAT' .-15 s. to 355. Fashionable t./ cut, good lining. Patterns Free.—RElD BROS (Dept. A.) 23 St Columbf a it., Leeds.

ULAiTIO BTOCKING9 24. 6d., Leafage 21. Zd.. Knee- I A caps 2s. each ; measurement form free. —NEw BRITISH RUBBER Co.. Lord st.. Southport.

ANTCWTEI BARGAINS.—Swansea. Worcester. Chelsea, W Weldon, Staff.)rd, and Baxter print s.—Jorrse, Clarence rd., Harpenden, Herts.

MUSIC.—£I worth of Pianoforte Music (published price) for one shilling, 3d. postage.—SElTON'S MUSIC REPOSITORY, Crystal Palace, Sydenham.

IBlBRlOKB.—Genuine witty last lines by prize winner ; 1J P.O 6d. with coupon, stamped addressed en velope.— JAY, 21, Ross Villas. Richmond, London.

QPBND a merry Christmas, by Guying a ph mograpn. Three 0 genuine Edison records and phonograph. Bs. 11d.— DOWE9, 15 Barnsbury Grove, London, N.

IDLASTIC STOCKINGS. 26. 6d.; Knee-Oaps. 211. Suspen- -12.4 nary Bandage., le. each from Manufacturer—W. H. 31ADDOCK, Alfred et. South. Nottingham.

VALUABLE Patent for sale, cheap. Millions to be made. V Sure fortune to person with little capital. Address PATENTEE 96, Adelaide, Baling, London, MONSTER shilling parcels of lace, 'long lengths, two lace collarettes given in post frer.—Siamc, Lace Merchant, Piccadilly, Swinton, Rotherham.

SKIIIVI 1 bkirts i i Skirts 1! I—Good Ladles' Moirettee Underskirt sent carriage paid fir 25.-Bend P.O. to the SKIRT MANUFACTURER, Beswick, Manchester.

GRAMAPHONS-15-.07 model. Marvellous reproducer. Large size. Worth £4 15s. Must sell. sacrifice, Ms. Carriage paid.—WARNER. 7 ttapbmi et., London. BAZ AAR GOODS (Special), Id. and 6d.—Grestest variety and value in the trade.—SALmov MATTHEW:4I.N, Ltd, Plough Buildings, Gloucester at., Birmingham. BABY'S FIRST (ILOTHICS.—Complete Outfit, beautifully made, 48 articles. Bargain, 225. 6,1. 24 arttcles 12s. fid. —Mrs. ORASHLET, 24, Hyde Park Terrace. Leeds.

ION'T West Damp Boots.—Dry on "Commonsense I 1 Bootraek." Boots will look, feel, wear better ; 25., cairiage pald.—BLNiscoT, 24, ftegenG st , Cheltenham.

LEARN Leather-carving.—Remunerative, fascinating work. Lessons by post, 10s. 6d. the course. Unique oppor- tunity.—Miss LAFRENTZ, 22 Marchmont st , London,

LQ WHKLY.—Genulne increase of income. Outfit free. IRCourse of six lesson, IN. Success certain. Send P.O. IN.—GRANT, Artist, 46 lomnaburich of., Inverness.

POST QUICK !-7 stamps for our guinea special, the gaining victory weekly, gives few selections but winners; Tuesdays.—S. M0t...8, 1 Shaw at., Cheet ham, Manchester.

AT USIO for Teachers, Graban.'s St() (In liquidation) ; ...LY_L beat 3s. and 41e. editiona of Piano Classics at 6d, per Copy. Lists tree.—METHVEN SIMPSoN, LTD., Edinburgh. - -- TO FARMIFIRS ani Manure Nanufacturers.—Sboddy Dirt 1 on Sale cheap; price Ss. for waggon load of 4 t•n. ; cash with order.—Applv JAMES LEKEI,WiIIOW Pt. Mill,Olcitarn.

I IBSARRWITOH and earnkidge,—Hatra good Informq- tion concerning these two events. Send Btßtnceo address.-0. BOOTH. S. Dobson at., Rverton rd , Manchewer.

LIDIHRIOHS for nny paper. Benil your Limericks to wet, known anthor and big prize-winner. Prizewinning last linPa aupplied 63. a line. 3 for 113,—J. HERBERT, Post Office, Harwich.

INORHASH YOUR INCOME BY TRADING.—Send for William Cotton's be. parcel of Jewellery. Hosiery, Lace, If aberdasherv. Overalls. —W EE KDAY CROSS, Nottingham, Established 1848.

BRADS, Coral., Pearls for Art Chain-making. Speciality im artistic necklaces and chains. Fascinating selection of fancy articles and Jewellery.—J. ROGIEB, 19, High St. Kensington, London,

(-lAN AD A' IS Cry for Workers.—Domestice, Labourers. k._/ Navvies Wanted now for all parts ; wages good; work gnaranteed.—Anply WFATEBN CANADA LAND CO., 50 Stranl, London.

REOTOR'S SON receives reliable Stock Rxchange Infor- mation. No rash speculation, but consistently successful results.—Box 4904, SHARROW t THATCHER. Holborn Place, London.

T 00K,—To poultry-keepers. string netting waterproof. 1 in. mesh, for enclosing poultry runs, &c,. 20 square yards is., sent any width or length.—H. ROBINSON & Co., Net Works, Rye, Eussex. DRINK.—Everyone whose Business or Pleasure Induces them to drink should take Barry's Anti--ilcobol Pellets, They clear the brain like magic ; is. 3d. of telti.roN BARRY & Co., 22 Archer at., W,

GOOD HOBlNRY.—Lsdies' Wool Cashmere Stockings ; seamless heel and toe. Suitable for winter wear. Is. iii. pair : 3 pairs 3s. All post free.—FRANCIP, 286, Wellington rd.. Handewortb, Birmingham.

CHILDRKN'S HHADS.—Howard's }fair-cleanser c'eans and keeps them clear of all insects Sixpenny postal order to m wPI avoid objectionable remarks after leaving HCWA.RD, Bournville.

CI SS ORS Sharpener. Invaluable for Housewives, Dress- makers, Tailors, Drapers. Ice. In a few seconds both blades sharp as razors. Price le.—Bzcz AND POLLITZER, (A Dept.), 29 Upper Thames it., 8.0.

46 DROF FISSOR PORI'S" Last Lines for Limericks are clever, smart. wittv, and win Prizes for Orients. Any paper. Send P.O. 6d. and addressed envelope.— CHANCELLORS RD., HaMtnereMith, W.

1009000 6D. WHITH HHISISTITCHHO HAND- KIMICHIRFS PRELFECT. HALF COST 6 FOR ls. 6D. GRIMM'S. STANSTED, BSSIME.

A WAY TO INDKPKNDHNCS.'—interesting pamphlet, 11l showing bow, without risk, Government guaranteed isvestments of a few pounds bring fortune of several thou- sand pounds. poet free.—SNiti H AND Co ,Woodhouse Sheffield 100 BILLHHADS, Memos. Business or Visiting Cards 13. 3d.. post free : 50 sheets of Notepaper with your address printed on f aeh sheet. and 50 envelopes for is. 3d,, post free.—DALLis it Co., 39, Park it.. Cambridge,

C offer. Box of 60 choice cigars fit for V king ; every cigar banded ' Cabinets.' Genuine article Sent post free for 4s. Trade direct and save money Tobacconists supplied. R.H,I AvLoa,Oigar Merchant, Wigan

A NDERSON FOUNTAIN PlN.—Send P.O. for 31. Ed., Xi and use the pen for 14 days free. If unsatisfactory return same, and full money will be refunded by sole Agents, ROBERT A. THOMPeos It Co., 24-26 Holborn, H.C. titata nib required.

Ante bp . Auctton.

TO CLOSE A TRUST. VALUABLE LEASEHOLD PROPERTY IN WARRINGTON. TO BE SOLD isY ALJOCION BY MR, ALFRED H. OLIVE. at the BLUE BELL INN, HORS/MARKET STRltinl, WARRINGTON ou WEDNESDAY the 30th day of Octaber 1907 at Five o'clock in the evening subject to the Public Sale Conditions of tots Incorporated Law Society of Liverpool and the special conditions to be then produced. Lor I.—ALL TriOad SKVEN MA&E- or dwellinw- houses an / premises situate and being Nos. 133 to 148 Inclusive Ellesmere-street Warrington. in the oc,upations of Messrs. Barton, (Junta-fa. Barber, and others as weekly tenants. Gross Annual Rental £73 9s, The tenure is leasetold for 999 years f•om 1877. Ground Rent £5 15s. sd. Area 61 square yards or thereabouts. Lrr 2. ALL THOSE SIX MnSSUAGES or dwelliughou=es and premises situate and being Nos. 67 to 77 in Ilusive Forster-street eff Orford-lane Warrington in the alcupatoon of Messrs. Leach, Parkes, and others as weekly tenants. Gross annual rental £36 6s. Tenure leasebold for 993 years from 189 b• Apportioned Ground Rent £3 95. 61. Area 831 square yards or thereaboutt. LOT 3. —ALL THOSE TWO MESS,' &GEIS or dwelling- houses and premises situate and being Nos. 5 stud 7 Naylor street. Warrington, In the occupations of Mrs. I'. Lee and Mrs. S. Richardson as weekly tenants. Gross annual rental £l9 10s. Tenure leasehold for 983 years from 1815. Annual ' ground rent £5 Is, 90. reduced by a Itec:ivable Ground Rent of El 108.6 d, to £2 Is. 3id. All theabovd lots afford a good opportunity for investors beinv wel hilt and always commanding good tenants. For firther particulars apply to tLe Auctio leer. Egypt- street or CHAS H. UNSWORTH, 11 Lyme-street. Warrington, Solicitor for the Vendors.

ROBERT L9WE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms : No, 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADP•NCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and decond-band Parniture and other Goods constantly on Ssie by Private Traaty. Inspection invited Farnittne. to.. warehoused.

liltseltantous, ant Oatt, etc.

itSTROLOGY.—Any description or question, Ir. 14. send birthdate,—ROGEß MURRILL°, Dudley rd., Ulactoc.-on- Sea.

BUILDING MATERIAL, largest S. IL stook London, everytbing lowest quotation.-11 icaissos, • Wells st., Camberwell.

rrOY FOOTBALL, 5 siz-s, Balloons. Doll fabrics N./14c- -1 sale —ALTEiNcaam RUBBER Co., Mossburn Buildings, Altrincham

DIABOLO.—The new fascinating game post free 9d., Is. 3d. and 2s 4d. set. Special offer.-8. LEWIS, 110 North find .0., Fulham.

CHM) 5& for sample Famous Smoking Mixture, tb tins 2s. 9d.. the favourite of all.—STANwAYS,Tobacco rftctors, Warrington A gPn,s .anted.

DEVIL Letter Card and 'tubber Beetle free to purchasers of our h. packet comic and novelty pogtcards.— SIMLEN. Waterloo rd., Blackpool.

Itz.; WHITH, Clairvoyant, Psychic Delineations from lit small article, 10., and stamped envelope —4O, ST. JAMES'S RD.. Mount, Liverpool. ri ABDENING Questions answered, o e 6d , 3 for is.— .L 1 HORTICULTURAL POSTAL INFOR3I &TIM BUR EAU, 1, Belfordbrirv. Covent Garden, London.

A,.DOUBLI:oIDKD BROOM] for your Gramophone direct from factory Bongs and Band selections.—Send P.N. Disc RECORD Co., Stuckpo rt.

lIMICUICK PRIZIi,--Por full particulars, coupon, and 3 / beautiful postetrds, Send 21. to EMPIRE POSTCARDS CO., 22a, Westminster Palace Garden., London. J IHRRICKS.—Any conte;t. Bend 1.. for two tricky LA suggestions ; over £1,033 won last month.— VA:ENTINE, 57, itidsdale rd., Anerlev, o BR SOLD, a BOAT, in very good condition, newly painted, length 61ft. by 14ft. 41n. —Apply Mrs. ELLEN SMITH, Southprrrt rd., Lvdiate. near Liverpool.

OTTINGH AM LICH —Benutiful Duchess Set consisting II of Dressing Table Cover, 6 Mats, carriage paid.—P 0. Is. 9d. Joartsott, 228, Ilkeston rd., Nottingham.

HAND LAIINDRIHS.—New Illustrated Price List latest machines and appliances send ost free.—Write to-day G,ll. Whitaker Academy Works, Hoaton, London.

LI REAP BkRGAIN9, Lady's gunmetal wristlet witch kJ complete 4s. lid, Lady's gunmetal watch and haw in case 4a lld.-11.3, UPLANDS RD, Dulwich. London. HOUSEHOLD Electric Bell Sets, complete with dry battery. 50 feet wire, staples and push ready for fixing only 4s. 68, set.-9VARI.nWs 580; High rd., Chiswick.

rrAKH OtHR of your Children,' Heads t)y using ifeap's 1 Nursery Lotion which thoroughly cleans from Nits and preserves the hair.—Send Is. P.O. to HEAp.Chemibt, Hanley. Steffs.

Mwaarvnetellu dos / D. u:oaffnenr,inlscriom.:ae a ;lmm pBnfolt or r re stnplOyo.Arne g ents Tax BEFEAVILMENT TAILORING CO., 8, Vandyke at., Lodge Lane, Liverpool. WRITH for the Agnon " patent bottle support for holding baby's bottle, stating whether tube or tubeless bottle is useel, post free G. Li.orn, 101, Upper Psr)lamKa, at., Liverpool.

A ItedY GREY b 0011.5 6d. and 9d. pair. Army flannel 13. shirts ss. Army Drawers 3s. 6d. pair. Everlasting wear. Orders value be. post free. —SHIRLEY nnoorCil LTD., Army Contraotorr, Woolwich.

1 LOVIiLY B1100(.311,S li, pearls, brilliants 9000 goldbtones etc All at 2s. 6d. each cash with oroer, worth much more. Money returned if not approved. —MANAGER, South of Rnaland Jewellery Po., Rastbourne

BARBIII) FE E NCING WIR in i-ow. rdele, 2:3 yarde, 7. per reel ; Plain Galv,nized Wire in 1-Iwt. bundle., ?CO yard., 12t. per cwt. Wrought Iron Stand trds, le. 3d. each. (W.Dep.). BUTLER, Bell Works, Wolverhampton. Established 1828.

100 , lovely brooches, Pearls, Brltllnte,Golletones 7 rte. All at 2e. 64. each, with order. Worth much more, Money returnel if not approved. Must be cleared. ApoIy.—MINAUKR, south of lingland Jewellery Co Hasthonrne.

GALVANIZeII CORR' CIA.TLID SHEETS, all warrantld sound, 31td, 9d. ; 41t., IP. ; Eft., Is. 3d. ; 6ft., Is. 6d. ; 7ft., is. 9d. ; eft., 2i. ; 9ft,, 2e. sd. ; 10ft., 2a. Bd. each ; ridging, 31, per ft. ; spouting, 3fd. per ft.—(W. Dep.), BuLzii, Bell Works, wolverharnpton. Hstablishei 1826.

TO FAMMIIRS, CuLsaiw, Sadler, 3, Copy Nook, Blackburn, has for quick Sale all kinds of Light and Heavy Harness, also 1,000 sundry lots Bridles, Hamm Saddles, Breeching:l, all parts Harness, ; 24 Collars, all sizes, from 3s. each ; Riding Saddle, 15s. ; New Set Harness, £4 ; Chain Gears, 30s.

D ÜBBBR GOODS end every description of Surgical and It, Domestic Appliances at half usual prices ; valuable Information and illustrated list free ; four splendid samples is., or ten assorted 2s. 6d. (worth ss).—W. it. DORELN it Co., Manufacturers, West Norwood. London.

WHifi NAILS (Mixed), Bs. 6d. per cwt, 281bs, 2s. Screws. mixed. 28a. per cwt. ?81be 7s. 6d.; Wire. Cut, Wrought, and Malleable Nails Tadics, Rivets, etc., etc., wholesale prices.—MIDLAND NAIL Wonxs, 25 to 28, I/ea at., Brimingham, C. W. HAYLSS, Proprietor.

FISH AND CHIP SHOP FITTINGS, or Stops fitted com- plete and business taught, it you want to make money have a Supper Bar, we hold the largest stock of fittings Hangers. Peelers Cutters. &c. List and particulars free.- 11tiaBriorr.', 71, Paradise st., Liverpool.

EN UINII STABLK HISOI PBS, &c.—How to get a Horse I into a good condition in a fortnight. Sure cure for Grease, Worms, Thrush, Bce Cure for Foot Rot in Sheep. How to fatten Pigs quickly. Send Is. P.O.—J. ROBERTS, Yelmiugharn, North Waisharn, Norfolk.

OVENS ! OVEINS 1 ! OVNNS 1 1 Bakers and Con- fectioners and Pork Butchers, we are in a position to offer you the simplest, cleanest, and most efficient and cheapest Oven on the market to-day. Ask for list and full particulars.—MennoTTa', 71, Paradise it.. Liverpool. QOVERHIGN MADR AT ROME by working on the V 7 celebrated " Beehive" Knitting Machines. Distance no hindrance. Constant employment. This is GRNUINE, Write at once for part iculars.--iir,THVVELL KNITTING Mecum Co.. 351, liccles New rd., Manchester, Mention this paper.

SIIPRRPLI7O US HAIR and MOLlo.—Perfected Blec- trolysis (by Mr Parke's invention) supersedes all other systems in rapidity for perminent destruction. The only method which never disappoints. By appointment only Stamped envelope to Mr. ROBERT I. PiRICES. 2, Oburch at., bouthport.

BLOUSBS. /reveller, represexting large house, owing to exceptionally cold summer, is preparei to sell a few samples at a great sacrifice. Very pretty Blouses (silk) in white or picked colours, price only 51.; 2 for 91, 6d. Worth double. Has only a few for sale at this price. Send P.O Address ThAvn.Lxa. 15. Venice Chambers, Lord at., Liver- pool.

CHINA GILT SECONDS, is. doz.; Earthenware Seconds from Bd. doz. ; Dinner, Ten, Toilet Ware, great variety; Chapel, Church, Caterers supplied ; bacitted ware hotels, schools; 100 doz. seconds sound articles £3, safely pkcked ; bawkeis' crates nearly 1,000 articles 38g. 6cl. Cheapest In trade. Write for free Iists.—ARTHUR J. HULL, Normacot Works, Longton, Staffs.

GARNETT'S NEW DEPARTMENT" to suit all classes. Call and look through the new premises adjoining the old show- rooms SANKEY STREET. GARNETT'S.

Ent Crammer iierte9 ri.ll-113 WARRINGTON & MID-Jl-11C3 HIRE EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Psper for Warrington, Stockton Heath. Fenketh, Winwick. Pacigate, Lvinm, &c., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district ooyere I by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in bouth Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. THE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the beat and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. Milli WIDNES EXAMINER, published every oaturday 1 morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. ruHE EArI.LRSTOWN AND NEWTON EXA.MINER, published every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper c6ntaining the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Haydook. Lowton Ste The district thus co nprised is a most important part of the Lancashire cOal fields THE ST. HELENS EX riNttrisstt, published every 1 Saturday morning ~irculating in St. Helens. Preston Parr, Sutton. Peasley C-oss, &c.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID A DVERTI4niENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUsES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALE One Three Sii Thirteen Words. Viireti. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... Es. Od. 3s. 94. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... 39. 04. ... ss. Od. 36 ... Is. Cd. Es. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 61. Od. 45 ... Is. 3d. 3s. 14. 6s, Od. 7s. Od. 64 ... is. 6d. ... 3s. 84. ... 6s, Od. 10e. Od

THE EXAMINER. OCTOBRiI 19th, 1907.

W• HODOKINSON LIMITED. CARPETS AND LINOLEU NIS, COMPARE VALUE AND PRICES. Made and laid by experienced men. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

' WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT PROPERTY ow Nmur ASSOCIATION. THE ANNUAL MEETING WILL BE HELD IN TUT'S ASSEMBLY ROOMS, BRIDGE ST., ON THURSDAY EVENING NEXT, OCT. 24T0, AT 7.30. ALL PROPERTY OWNERS ARE INVITED TO ATTEND. THE ASSOCIATION IS NON-POLITICAL.

.64 4Weg r, .41; %1k rfi -4". i voan f 4„ f ~..4, m,....„ . . .v,. -.- .. . , .45 . ~i., 4 1.41, , eAogicii ~ • 8ackac1,,i.,,,....., .41,,.t.,;t41., ( v.; ~,. )• . ~.: , Vdnev c0..5. , Vt ....,... V111.7' 41. Jo \\\\\\ Ain NY:I4 \ COMPLAINTS\\ VII •-*, r

.;* , . An excellent Food, admirably adapted to the wants of infants and young persons." —SIR CHARLES A. CAMERON, C.D., M.D., Prvfessor of Chemsstry, R.C.5.1., Medical Officer of Health for Dublin, PURVEYORS BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA- '''. yerd#l.l3llllll6loV

Dr. BAKER'S BACKACKE PELLETS Are a new remedy, which have a marvellous effect in curing Backache, Lumbago, Gout/ Rheu- matism, Sciatica, and all diseases of the kidneys, &c. If you suffer, take one pellet three times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses you will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain of Backache &c. A Sufferer says :—" I obtained quick relief from a terrible backache after taking a few doses of Dr. Baker's Backache Pellets. Write at once enclosing 12 stamps for one box or 33 stamps for 3 boxes to P rice DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE Co., 1/1 • (13, NELSON SQUARE, SOUTHWARK, LONDON, S.E.

_ 1,. 41r":„ 9A -A- tap. ''''' _rlid MlLKk.itoco of, lake . ° s,/,:vid,r,l 01. pt,pdv.

GFOOTBALLS Given away weekly. Every competitor receives something.

EVERY TUESDAY during NOVEMBER. DECEMBER and JANUARY we will give away SIX SPLENDID FOOTBALLS for the six most interesting Postcards we receive during the preceding week. YOU CAN PUT ON THE BACK OF YOUR POSTCARD either A GOOD JOKE, STORYETTE, CONUNDRUM, PUZZLE, SKETCH, or anything else that von think is interesting—ANYTHlNG BUT A LIME RiCK—and if your postcard is among the SIX best received in the week in which it is sent, you will receives FOOTBALL. To every competitor, be he or she PRIZE WINNER or not, will be sent a sample bottle of MASON'S COFFEE ESSENCE. ADDRESS YOUR POSTCARD TO-DAY: Newhall & Mason, Nottingham. Good ! It's Mason's Coffee Essence.

1 \ \ Arrangements have been made with the Shaw, Savill . ,C-,Th , ..t. & Albion Co., The New Zealand Shipping Co.' and the Federal Steam Navigation Co., for R3EIITJIMMICO --•,,/, • „ rglijEtESl for 2nd and 3rd Class Passages. At the jillieL present time reduced rate passages are limited to Farmers, ...._ . Agricultural Labourers, Shepherds, Woon Cutters and • ...,---- . 4,- , t ..• - , • men able to milk cows and manage live stock, who, if , i e, ..• -.- _ 0 ' I t• , f ..-.L'e approved, must take £25 with them. Domestic (Women) '' Servants will be granted passages at the reduced rates ,:, i „_.--• : ;.,:,,.1.;:, if,-..,", „r_ _,. ~-,,,..., asupbplfeocatatoon their staaknindg fwurfithnetrheinnfionrmotaltefsosntha:ptntiXy2t.o For , -",,' : - wf, A „..„...,-------,,-i...,z..., -., s• High Commissioner for New Zealand, 13, ,Victoria Street, / 5,,,,.:' - Londoh, or the Agents in the United kingdom of the 4,-- (~,e , , rt,....„,,,,.,, .above Shipping Companies. 4 - . 42.2„ . -,........., -..„, ~ , --„,..e-r. _l_

The Examiner/ Saturday October 19, 1907• ,SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS. FOOTBALL. INSTANT RELIEF, • RUGBY RAPID CURE of SODIUM FOR ELECTRIC USES. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by Sodium is an excellent conductor of elec. tricity, and in view of the increasing price LINCASEII RE CUP (FIRST ROUND). EADE'S PILLS. *Broughtnri R'gers 5 6 28 Rochdale H. ... 0 0 "RELIEF SOON CAME ! " of copper and the growing demand for that metal not only for electric installations, *0 I dtihr» but for many other purposes, the idea has *S%%inton 2 1 7 St. Helens 0 0 0 Novernb r 1903. been broached that sodium should be tried Warringtou ... . . 3a 15 *Nundorn lO 2 Dear Sir,—For about sixteen years, I had been a constant sufferer from severe attacks of rheumatism, as a material for electric cables. Experiments looking to this end have been made by Mr. Warrington's Fine Win at Runcorn. oftenbeing confined to bed for ten weeks at a time A. G. Bett. He filled an iron tube 130 ft. in The first round of the Lancashire Cup was played on and could get nothing to bring relief. I was however induced to try your Pills, and le.ngth with melted sodium. The core thus Saturday, and Warrington accomplished a performance THE RELIEF I SOUGHT SOON CAME. formed had a cross-section of fin. A cur- by winning at Rrincorn. They were handicapped by Since, then, on the slightest sign of the approach of rent of 500 amperes was readily transmitted ' the absence of Fish Brooks, and Harris but the team my old pains I fly to your remedy, and by so doing through it. Mr. Boa thinks that sodium coon rose to the occasion and quite, .ut,la ed the Linnets succeed in warding them off. I have the utmost faith plan may ben- 'their native heath. R uncorn had one important 'in the efficacy of your Pills, and nothing would induce ductors constructed upon this absentee in Harrison, for whom Jolley deputised atfull • b made cheaper than conductors of copper. back. A lot of rain fell in the morning but it ceased me to e without a bottle of them in the house; in fact, my wife says to her friends that if the Pills were a just before the match, which was played under fair • conditions. There was a crowd of about 4,000, about guinea a bottle she would rather go short in other 1500 of whom had come from Warrington. The teams things than be without them a single week. and officials were : Yours gratefully, Runcorn—Jolley, back; 'Deakin, Butterworth, G. JAMES BARLOW. Williams, arid Moran, three-quarter backs; Wa'rton EADE'S GOUT PILLS and Unsworth, hnlf backs; Walker, Padbury, Richard- Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all son, J. Williams, Kennedy, and Hodgetts, forwards, injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Warrington—Tilley, back; Kenyon, Isherwood, Sold everywhere in bottles, is. lid.and 2s. 9d. or sent Dickinson. and Cartwright, three-quarter backs; Lees post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, and Jenkins, half backs; Thomas, Shugars, Belton, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London Harmer, Boardman, and Heath, forwards. Referee, Mr. F. Renton (Hunslet). IEADE'S GOUT & R The game opened in Warrington's favour, strong for- ward work taking the ball to the home line. Here Butterworth got hold and cleared to centre with a fine kick. The visitors would not be denied, however, and ie the course of another attack Tilley marked in the Runcorn half, and Thomas nearly placed a goal. Then Runcorn had a turn, and Deakin dashed for the line at the corner, but Tilley brought him down and cleared in brilliant style. Short Ipassing by Warrington took the game to the Runcorn I quarter, and a loose rush ended in Kenyon getting over, but be was whistled back by the referee. A mark by Watton temporarily relieved the homesters, but they could not hold Warrington forwards and were soon depending again. Jenkins got away on the right and I kicked high towards the goal. Jolley misjudged the I bounce of the ball which struck the cross bar, and iDickenson rushing up at top-speed took it right under the full back's nose and dashed over the line. note was a great cheer from the Warrington supporters, which was renewed when Thomas placed a goal. Runcorn made a desperate effort after this and G. Williams burst through at centre but when faced by Tilley, he kicked and the full hack charged the ball. Half-time, Warrington 5 points, Runcorn nii. On resuming the game was very vigorous. Runcorn did some good punting and tested Tilley severely, but the Warrington back was very safe. Padbury nearly got in at the corner, and was damaged in the effort. Watton, Butterworth and Williams passed smartly but'were pulled up in the Warrington half. Scrummaging followed near the line, the Warrington men rushing through with Thomas to the fore and clearing to centre. Here Deakin made a bad catch and Kenyon snapped the ball up in a twinkling. The Warrington wing made great run and beating Jolley for speed raced round the posts with a flue try. Thomas again wetted, and Warrington were assured of victory. Runcorn tried bard and Jolley kicked a penalty goal from short range. Warrington kept up a strong attack, Jenkins running to the home quarter. Here the ball was heeled smartly and quick handling by Lees, Isherwood and Kenyon resulted in another smart try to the latter. Thomas kicked a third goal, and Warrington won by 3 goals, 3 tr, es (15 points) to Runcorn 1 goal (2 points). NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE. G. T. P. G. T. P. *hunslet *Hull 1 2 8 .4EIII K. Rovers 0 2 6 Wigan Halifax Keighley *Dewsbury *Batley 7 632 Widnes Ebbw Vale *Leeds LANCASHIRE COMBINATION. *Widnee *Pemberton 2 3 13 Broughton R. ... 2 1 7 Oldham 46 *Liverpool City 0 0 0 *Wigan MISCELLANEOUS. New Zealand *Warrington A. ... 2 7 25 Salford St.Barts 0 0 0 New Zealanders at Widnes. Tile All Blacks made their initial appearance in Lancashire on Wednesday, when they played Widnes. The home team were without their strongest forward, George Aspey, and his place was taken by Argent. There were several changes in the All Blacks' team, Messenger, Smith, and Todd being notable absentees. There would be about 7,000 spectators present. Teams : Widnes—Jones, back ; Barber, Lambert, Taylor, and Davies, three-quarter backs ; Lally and Noon, half backs; Argent, Aspey, Carr, Evans, Rigby and Turner, forwards. New Zealand—Turtill, hawk ; Rowe. Wrigley, and Wynyard, three-quarter backs ; McGregor, five-eighths; Kelly, full hack ; Trevarthen, Tyler, Tyne, bile, Cross, Wright, and Pearce, forwards. Referee, Mr. F. Renton, Hunslet. Touch-judges, Messrs. F. Turner, Warrington, and J. IL Houghton, St Helens. Playing with the advantage, of a strong wind•\Widnes at once attacked, and the ball went dead. Smart work by tbe visiting backs carried 'play into the home territory, and Wynynrd was accounted for twice when near the line. The first score came from a scrummage near the home line. Kelly passed the ball out to Wrigley, who beat several of his opponents, and scored wider the posts. The same player failed at goal from an easy position. The All Blacks returned to the attack, and a mull by Davies let in Wynyard, with a clear field, rind be was never overtaken. Wrigley again failed at goal. For a time the game was pretty evenly contested, and then Barber beating Roe e, scored at the corner. Davies failed at goal,but a few minutes later made amends by placing a goal from a mark. Just before the interval %,'l•igley placed a penalty goal. Half-time : New Zealand, 1 goal and 2 tries, to Widnes 1 goal and 1 try. The first-hell had been very evenly contested. The All Blacks got posstssion more often than their opponents, owing mainly to the fact that they played seven forwards. Early in the second bait the New Zealanders attacked, and a pretty bit of play by Rowe ended in McGregor crossing the line. NVrigley placed a goal from a somewhat easy position. Widnes, livened up somewhat after this, and a beautiful bit of passing and repassing by Alf Taylor and Lambert ended in the latter crossing the line just at the corner flag. Davies failed at goal. The Widnes three-quarters exhibited some nice passing, but it was altogether too slow. On the other hand, the New Zealanders' hacks vier° very fast. Wright dashed away by himself, and literally carved his way through his opponents, and scored near the posts. Wrigley again failed at goal. The New Zealanders were now having by far the best of the game, and their backs were always dangerous.. Rowe picked up from loose play, an just before he got to the line he gave the ball to ,Wynyard, who had an easy run in. Wrigley again failed at goal. Barber was collared, but lost the ball, and Tyler picking up ran in a sixth try. This time Tort ill.took the place kick, and landed a goal. A few minutes later NVidnes were penalised, and Trirtill kicked another goal. Just before the finish Widnes pressed, and Davies scored an unimproved try at the corner. Results :—All placka 4 goals 6 tries (26 points), Widnes 1 goal 3 tries (11 points).

Goddatds-- Plate Powder TorneaningsilverElectruPlatek Sold everywhere* 216416 4/cs. •

66 DAREee" Ts the Ointment that will cure all skin diseases Buy it and try it. Ask your Chemist for it, or send I/Ii to DARE & CO., 7, Grove Road, Bow, London, E.

Fenders Forward Fender & Bedstead Works Curbs 87 & 88, CHEAPSIDE, BIRMINGHAM. Sand tor List, Fire Irons ...„,„... . . . stating your Brasses Dint .4001 requirements. AiIII Buy from the Bedsteads :-.1,13.7_ .....,....--------.---: IF:I,, 7 - • , Maker, save Bedding „to., middle profits, • • and get Mattresses better value.

I SiMillY SOUTHPORT 3 65,000 GUIDE BOOKS toancihis ttfroLtiulvare Watering Place on the Lancashire Coast are to be GIVEN AWAY POST FREE. Intending visitors should apply at onoe to J. WILKINSON, TOW 24 BALL, SOUTHPORT.

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. " D 3 rAINED GREAT RELIEF." 63, Snerwood-street, Oxford-road, Reading, October Ist, 1906. Dear Sir,-1 am writidg these lines to you to testify to the value of your Gout Pills. My father' who is now dead, was a great sufferer from Gout, in fact one of the worst sufferers in Reading, where we are well known. My eldest brother is also a chronic sufferer, and I myself suffer from the same complaint. .4y father and brother nTAINED GREAT RELIEF from taking your Pills, so it is natural that I shodld use them, and this I have done for the last five years, and have always found them to almost relieve me at once. lam still using them. Trusting you will not take offence at this Door letter, I remain, yours truly, J. HOPSON (a working man). EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all juri pus matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Gowen road, London. lEUMATIC PILLS.

To Prevcrt Sick-Pleadaoc on land or sea—to correct sensations of piddiness—to remove the biliousness caused by chanpe of diet—change of air—change of environment—you must take BEECHAM'S PILLS. You will then lose all your "liverishness," have no more pain after eating, and your sick headache and giddiness will vanish. It is Impossible TO IlajOy Your Holiday if you are out of sorts. A box of BEECHAM'S PILLS will take up very little room in your travelling bap, and you never know when they will come in handy and most probably save you much suffering and expense. If you find that the change of livinp does not agree with you, or your appetite is not what it .should be, you can at once put yourself right If you TAKE C a, „ .... .0. il ~.,.. .. „ c--_,: Ai • ...„ A.:. o'o • ,i, . 'IA , '', • li. ,1 - .-:',, *.' ,t• • -,k.t '• • • ~ , ,k. .. . 41, b.. ?.. - •k: v., cAtt•-, ~...r - - '''''' " •Nli it''''•

TFIE WANT OF THE DAY. CRITCHLEYS STARCH GLOSS Vo More b OFT MUM .when Starched Wed in the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. ONCE TRIED, ALWAYS TRIED. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW. The greatest boon ever offered to the Laundress for imparting an Ivory Finish to ...tarched Linen. Laces. etc. It does not stick to spider-web like materials. Sold hv Grocers. Chemists. Stores, ets in pack.-ts at Id., Zd., and 6d. each. PREPARED BY T. CRITCHLEY, CLIKNIIS:r BLIIABURN.

. , e. '

6.ARK6BLOODMP(TIJRf

THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER is warranted to Cleans.) the Bh,ed from all impurities from whatever cause arising. In cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, ABSCESSES, BLOOD POISON, BOILS, PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its ellants are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials of wonderful cures from all parts of the world. Remember that this wonderful Medicine WILL PERMANENTLY CURE ALL SKIN &BLOOD DISEASES Of all Chemists and Stores, 2/9 per riottle. BEWARE OF IMITATIONS.

RHEUMATISM The best remedy for Gout. Rheumatism, Sciatica, and Lumbago, and the only one that has stood the, test of time is that celebrated medicine, BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS Why? Because they are pure, sure, and safe, and have relieved and cured thousands. Try them. THEY NEVEREIPRIL. All Chemists and Stores, at is. itu., and as. pd. per box.

ee an& esillast CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVIHC ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC AND SOON CURD The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens aryl Removes all hard callosities on MO ales ot the Net.. If you stiffer try a box, y9ti %ft', never regret it. Boxes %Eli. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham.
