===== 0002601_19070112_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
INDEPENDENT LABOUR PARTY. PARR HALL THIS DAY, (SATURDAY), JAR. 12in

GRI4A.T SOCIALIST DSNIONSTRATION.

SPEAKERS :-

MEC. PHILIP scowl:mug M.P., MB. IC. BRUCE GLASIER B.A.

CHAIR TO BE TAKICN AT 7.30. TIEICEr3 6D. AIM 3D.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
NUTSFORD DIVISION LIBERAL ASSOCIATION,

===== 0002601_19070112_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
A PUBLIC MEETING

WILL BE HELD ON THURSDAY, JANUARY 3187, 190, IN THE HALL CAFE. STOCKTON lIBATH, AT 733 CHAIRMAN: HBNRY ROBERTS. ESQ., J.P., TO BE ADDRESoED BY HENRY VIVIA.N, BRQ M.P. (BIRKENHEAD Divmort), ALF RED J. KING, 118 Q • (KNuTerohn SUPPORTED BY Alderman Pierpoint, J.P., C. Jackson Holtnes,Beq. J.P,Messre.J.Longland.W.H.Sherburn, Lloyd Jones, Rev. J. S. Hughes, Messrs. S. Alblusou, H. Law, H. Ratbr),7le, H. Gordon Roberts and others.

WTARRINGTON INDUSTRIAL CO-OPERATIVE Y EOCIETY, LTD, LANTERN LECTURE ON THE CULTIVA.TION AND MANUFACTURE OF C.W.S. COCOAS IN THE CO-OPERATIVE H ALL. SAKKEF ST, WARRINGTON, ON THIJRiDA7 NExT, JANITARY 17TH, 1907. BY 11. TURNER, C.W,S., OF MANciiEsTER. Chairman : MR. T. CRITCHLEY ; President of the Society. Vie Chairman : MI?. N COOK, A Cup of COCOR and a Sample of Choc ilate. together with a Biscuit from Crumpeall Works (thc, only eight hours per day Biscuit Works in England) Nlll be given to each visitor. Lecture to conclude with a short CINHMATOCaLAPII DOORS' PF N AT 7 P.M. LECTURE OOMMENCE4 AT 7.33 P.M. ADMISSION FEES. NO el-lILDILIM ADMITTED.

lINTERNATIONAL ORDER OF GOOD 'IEMPLARS, WARRINGTON LOLGE. MRS. JENNIE WALKER (OF LONDON), THE WORLD-RENOWNED IIiMPRRA.NC& ORATOR, WILL DELIvEN A SERIES OF HER POPULAR LECTURES AT BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN SCHOOLROOM, ON JANUARY 15TR, 16TH, AND 17TH, 1907. ADMISSION FREE. COLLECTIONS 'lO DEFRAY EXPENSES. Full particulars see poster and programmes. A hearty invitaticn extended to all. J. R. GRIFFITHS, Moore.), Secretaries. W. DALE, 5, Ihynne St.

WARRIN6TON DRAMATIC SOCIETY' FOUNDED 1E47. (AFFILIAI ED TO THE NATIONAL AMATEUR I.PERATIC AND DRAMATIC ASSOCIATION.) PRESIDENT: CHARLES WHITE, Es<l , J.P. THE MEMBERS OF THE ABOVE SOCIETY WILL GIVE FIVE GRAND PERFORMANCES, UNDER DIST INGUISHED PATRONAGE, OF ME HIGHLY SUCCRSSFUL C03414DY, "PR. WAKE'S PATIKNT" IN THE PARR HILL, or TUESDAY, WISDNESDAY, THURSDAY. FRIDAY, Fr SATURDAY, JANUARY 22ND 'so 26TH INCLUSIVE. PRooEnns Ix AID OF THE WARRINGTON INFIRMA)-Y EXTENSION FUND. SPECIAL SCENRRY AND APPOINTMENT. STAGE Mar.Sol,ll : MR. CHARLES H. WOOD. A GRAND SELECTION OF MUSIC WILL BE GIVEN EACH EVENING bY MRS. W. B. I 1( HIT" ORCHWTRA. PLAN OF DRESS AND RESERVE SEATS wit/ be Opened at Mr H. M. ASHTON':,, CHEMIST, SAbIKEY STREET, at 11.0 a.m. THIS DAY (SATURDAY,) Jan. 12th. Orchestra Stalls (Dress). 33. ; Centre Circle (Dress optional). 3.. ; Pit Stalls (Reserved), 2s ; Side Galleries and Back Galleries, ls. ; of Hall, 6d, Docrs open at 7 o'cloofr. Curtain rises at 7.3r.'. Early rcors for Ticket Holders only at 0.45. J, W. BULLEN, H on Sec

10.5E1311 cROSFIELD & SONS LIMITED.— "3 FIVB PHR CRNT PRB-PRBFERBNCH Sliklll46. The URANSFBR BOOKS of lids Company relative to this Issue will be CLOSED from the 17th to the .31st January instant (both days inclusive) for the purpose of preparing and issuing dividend warrants due let February. (Signed) J. R. wARDIM, Sec,etti,•y. Dated Warrington, January lath 1907.

LANCASHIRE EDUCATION COMM ITTEE. TO CONTRACTORS. The Lsncashire Education Committee are prepared to receive THNDItItS FOR THE ERECTION of a NRW PUBLIC ELEMENTARY bCHOOL for 350 Scholars at Penketh, near Watrington. The Plane may be seen and Bills of Quantities obtained at the office of the County Architect, Mr. Henry littler. 16, Eibblesdale Pl,ce, Preston, by payment of a deposit of £2 (which will be returned upon receipt of a bona-fide tender ) The Committee do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any ternier. Tenders must be delivered before 12 u'elcck noon on February 7th, 1907. sealed and endorsed, to G F. Clarke Faq . Chow Lane V eat. Earlestown. (Signed). HARCOURT E. CLARE. Clerk to the Lancit3hire County Council. County Offices. Preston, 1906. 00UNTY BOROUG II UP WAR RINGTON.— ij BLECRICIIY DEPARTMENT. The Biectricitv Comrnitte of the County Borough of Warrington are PREPARED TO RECEIYit TUNDERS for the following I. Cables (Paper insulated). 2. Main Switchboard feeler panel. 3. Twelve months' supply of Transformers. Specifications and forms of tender, Ac, may be obtained on application to F. V. L. Mathis.. Borough Electrical and Tramways Engineer, Howley, Warrington, on payment of One Guinea for each specification, which will be returned on receipt of a bona-fide ten er. genders addressed to the Chairman of the Electricity end Tramways Committee Town Hall. Warrington, must he sealed with wax and endorsed " Tender for Cables. Ac." as the case may bp. and delivered not la:er than 12 noon on Monday, 23th January. 1907. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. Town WO], J. LYON WHITTLE. Warringtoni Town Clerk.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
CENTRAL FURNISHING STORES. BERNARD PEARSON ANI) CO.. PROPRIBiONS, 100 A SZ 102, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. 102. YOU wish to Boy, ard at the same time Save. Wh huarantee to save you 33 per eent, or more, because WIC MAKd ALL OUR 01. N FIJELNI ane MIRROLiti at Peareon'a build,ngs, Clare street, which does away with two mid.llerneti's [rate. That Is why all our Goods are SIABKhII IS PLUS FIG-URI:IS. You cannct peeeibly o tatter than go to 102, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. 102.

CARRIAGE PAID ON ALL GOoDS ESTIMATES FERE FOR HOUSE FURNISHING.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-- - -

.`4O

===== 0002601_19070112_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
Tel, 0777 Royal. Close to the Hippodrome and Olympia.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
L ETTERPRESS PRiNTING

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION. BALANCE SHEETS TIME BOOKS, MILL WORK, CATALOGUES, JOHN WALKER & CO., BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19070112_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
JAMES ATKINSON,

7, 11 & 13, Annual

ST.,

NOW ON.

MANTLES, COATS, MILLI ERY, DRESSES, SILKS,

FURS, BLOUSES, LACE WEAR, GLOVES.

BRIDGE WARRINGTON.. elearance Sale

===== 0002601_19070112_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSEHOLD DRAPERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

HOSIERY, GENTLEMEN'S OUTFITTING, UMBRELLAS, &c.

ALL SURPLUS EASON 'S GOODS AT PRICES THAT J 1 AKE. A CLEARANCE IN LVIT.ABLF.

Itonen

inburation.

UNIVERSITY SCHOOL, &)UTFIPORT.— A Most uccessful Boarding School for Boys. W. HB/MBRSON, M.A. 'rincipal.

HIGH GRADE BOARDING SCHOOL will receive Athletic Boy £6 terminally, references required.— HEADMASTER. Rorthmarston Books.

NA7 ALLASE Y GRA M MAR SCRUM,. Boarders taken by B. A. FOLTLRES,M.A., Kilereggan,Mount rd., New Brighton.

L'RANKBY HOUS/C SCHOOL, HOY LAKE, Miss CHAPNI&N and Miss GRIIEN. Education on best modern lines. Prepar,tton for Examinations. Resident Foreign Governess, Spring Term begins January 2nd.

-RViIILRLL9s LT; K R BOARDINGI(1 6lp 'an ) 1. rOtai- received up to ten years of age; School re-wens Tuesday September 18th; .rincipals at home on Monday, 6eptembe, 17th. A full term's nitice required before the remov ii of a pupil,—Principals: Miss G. HARTLEY and Miss I. L. PECK.

SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL.—A FIRST- CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOY. Splendid results. Staff inckdes 8.A., Ac. G .nces. Gymnastics, Cadet Company Rine Rtnge. Foreign pupits rectived. School usually full. PRINCIPAL : J. C. Underwood, A.C.P., F.R.G S. (Reg.)

'THE HI G SCHOuL, STOCa fON 10 !ME 1 Stockton Heath, Warrington. —Day and 13,arding School for Hills, Kindergarten. Preoratory School for Boys PRINCIPALS, TFtI MIiS PARTINGTON (late of 23, Wilion Patten street). Prospectus on application. SIX CY-SIX LOCBSSISS IN 2i YBAIIS. NO FAILURES. The nest term will eommenee ).V.) on Wonday Jan. 21st,

THE PRIORY, WARRINGTON. HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS ANU KINDERGARTEN. PRINCIPALS :

MISS WILLIAMS 8.A.. (London) and MISS A. WILLIAMS A.R 0 M. BOYS UNDER THE AGE OF TEN 'ADMITTED. A limitid number of weekly boarders received. For prospectus apply to THE PRINCIPALS. TI e chool will re-open on Thursday January 17th 1907.

WA RHINO ON GRAMMAR SCHOOL,—The 1,1 x r THUM' WILL BEGIN ON 'THURSDAY. JANUARY 17rg, 1907. _

lha MUD 511.3TECR wiil be at the School to Interview parents on Wednesday, January 16.11 from 11 to 1 and, from 3 to 5.

NEM PHYSICS and CHRMICaL L&BOSAT ORM WORKSHOP, LRCTURR ROOMS, &c, pßkpmmußy poiim Ftat BOYi from 8 to 12 yews of age. Prozneetui and School List on application.

MR. INEST WILKES ALC SI Professor of Sln Esi'e,Organlet and Choirinas.ter. of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, TH BO RY, HARMONY, COUNTSR- POINT. MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' praotioe.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LAXE and Legh Street, Warrington.

AIAN ORES TER ORAN] MAR SCHCOL FEB, £4 4s. AND £5 ss. PR TEEM. TDB NEXT TERM BEeINS TUESDAY, JAN. 15nr, 197 ENTRANCE EXAMINATION MONDAY, JANUARY 14Ta, AT 9 AM.

Prospectuses, forms of application, ao my be had at the school.

The boarding house in connectim with the school is situated in Hi2her Broughton.

OWE W. COX, Btoeiver.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
fFtebtral

- - Sure safe cure. Recipe at.d list free,— THwtaTEs, Herbalist, Stockton-on-Tees.

VITALI:IA/1W Cures baldness, try it and be convinctd, V free 1 3d.—VlTaldataßm Clo.,6l,Padwell rd, tieuttrunpton

pH KLIMA CISM. —ThoesAnds Cured. Recipe on receii tof ti P.O. 6d. and suanp.—PROGREES Co., Cakenshaw, Elndford.

TADM.—Retired Nurse offers advice on M tiDIOAL Ma.TTBRS ; stumped envelope.—'irs. ELtts, 27, Surrey an°. Battersea, London.

r_l7l°Tl-IAOHII, DIRMEALGIA. —Wonderful Indian Recipe gives instantaneous reltf. Send 13 stamps.- D Cormr., Castlere,s, Ireland.

RHSt7MA`II6M CURIM.— £3OO was paid to eminent physician for the receipt, Why suffer p—Send Is. Id. to HENRY CLARKE, B49singhaM, Lincoln.

rARTLING DISCOVB RY.—Lost Voice, Hoarseness. L.-1 New Cure discovered, great value to singers, Al. Is. P.O. for Recipe to—HAD, Yonn. 18, Clifton It., Belfast.

A DVICE 'lO THE SLEEPLESS.—Take the Reliable 11. Sleeping Powders. Safe and certain. h. lid. per packet, post free.— PARR ANTS. Chemist, Orpington, Kent.

A LADY who been Cured of Rheumatism will gladly CI. end pArticuls.re to any sufferer. Enclose addressed envdlope• Mrs. WHITFIELD, 8. Vale ri., Woolton,Liverpool.

Mn. tGmoeondt- A InißaSnC:u pAr rutlsut orauisi,t)np,irnelmes,s4l yv desftir,roy edb obje Write for particular, 11. Yoßx ST , Twickenlivn. Middlesex.

DROP'. BGLI3ISI'S Lumbago. Gravel. Dropsy or Kidney Herb', Is. packets —36, DIRWEN ST., Blackburn. Mrs. hglen attends ladies, 13. MINCING LINE, Blackburn. Bglen's Herbal Remedies are sure.

Wwill'? Th BY be troubled Cough ?—e Imperial Blixir Owe intent relief and cures the not troublesOme cases. sample bottle post free, le. 6d., of THE IMPERIAL ELIXIR t'o., 38, Perk how, Bristol.

QTBRILti MARRIAGIi Its Causes and Curative Treat- -1.7 ment. By a late senior Physician to a Hospital for women. A new ediCon just publishes. Post free 3s, 9,1. ndon SHELLEY AND Co.. LTD. 38, Gracechurct. at.

IMPURNANT to STUD OWNSIII, Foot!),tiers Athlete., au sterers trorn rheumatism, sprains, etc. Invaluible embrocation recipe, ls t 0. Guaranteed genuine. 44d. makes 21. 3ci. bottle.—FitiNK HEYwoon, 5, 13:Own iSt.. Moßton, Manchester.

" has ma.cte ri new man ot tutu " la waist a denoted wife raid ot Verdon's Indigestion and Liver Mixture, when one bottle cured her husband after being away from work for 13 weeks with indigestion.—Post free Is. 3d. Iran maker only. WATSON. Chemist. Sto3kport.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
Ilatbitierl2, etc.

I'AItMBR3 snum ENGINK, Petal-portable, 2113. p. 1 ready for work.-14'. HIGH ST., Stalybrldge.

11" " Stockport "GAS BNOINBB, 37 and 22 b.h.p.; self-starters and all accessories ; seen running.— BOYDFLVP, Ironfoanders,

I) A 1 T orrio LI AlNurt 14 S TSB HRTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GBOIIOII DAVIES & OE have ha) more than 410 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, andpossess practical no wledge of the cotton ,woolich and iron manufactures.

"Self-help to the New Patent Law, priee 6d, " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. EIBORGB DAVIES, 0.14., & SON, P.1.P.A., M.S.A .ST. ANN 13 SQI7ARB, SIANORBSTNII.

T. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMITED (late Orinero.l kj Grierson and Co.), Hulmes. Manchester, have the Larges Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchase-i all Wheel, Pulley and Tooth Block Patterns lc., Lelonging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London-road iron Works, Manchester, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and Pulley Patterns on application. _ N.T., No. 229, Manchester: _ _ _

Telearaphin addrmsa:. " OrmAiod Grlstraan Dianohester."

AND ALL KINDS OF LETTERPRESS AND LITHOGRAPHIC PRINTING. JOHN WALKER & Co.

. .

===== 0002601_19070112_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE,

The old and !tried remedy that , stood the test of two generations.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE,

Invaluab!e fr

COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALG IA

REFUSE to be put cif with a SUB:.,TITUTE. The origi, al can t,e bad of ALL CHEMISTS if you show you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE IS THE NAME ; Is. 11,1.4 2s. M., 4s. Ed. the price..

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S C HLORODYNE.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070112_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
2 ALWAYS McDOUGALL'S Patent SELF4AISING FLOUR IT IS THE BEST The Examiner, Saturday., January 12, 1907

(Copyright.)

unusual, as he preferred having his meals at the club. Nervousness prevented her from eating, and she was at once depressed and feverish. As it was now quite dark there was no reason for p-stponing her visit; yet she felt a reluctance that was almost a fear to enter by that little dark door 'through which so many miserable Creatures must haw passed, though it is doubtful if any of them felt more miserable than.she.

Knowing she only made her task the heavier by dwelling on it, she hurried to her room, put on a black loose- cloak, and a thick veil, took under her arm the case containing her diamond necklace and went softly out of the house.

• ", On reac unc, the pawnbroker's she looked back- wards and forwards to see that no chance acquaintance was passing, then without further hesitation she hurried np the side street, pushed opened the swing door, and stood at the counter of a dark little shop. When Mr. Lawlor came out from his sitting- room she saw he instantly recognised her, so that she did not attempt to conceal her identity. She was breathing so rapidly that she could hardly get out the words : ‘`l wish—that is I, want—if you will be so kind—Jo get some money on my diamonds."

"Certainly, madam,". he said, as calml? as if the transaction were an ordinary matter. "You have brougjit them with you?" She handed him the case as she stammered: "I' want five hundred pounds, but the necklace is worth more than double that, as you'll see." necklace was now flashing .under the gas- and she thought it had never seemed so iful. When be had taken it in his hands and ex:l:lined it critically he looked at her searchingly •T h an expression that puzzled her. -,nleh is it worth ?" she inquired, timidly. JOUt tweiny madam," It was, no . doubt, the beating of ltler henrt that deafened and made her fail to hear what he said, so she repeated: "Now much ?."

"Twenty-five pounds. The tiefAlace ia paste." you mistake. It was given me by my fat her, who bought it at hunt and Roseelles, and he---"

"He bought diamonds, but paste has been sub- stituted."

"Impossible!" "Perhaps I ought to tell you, madam, it was I who bought the diamonds and had paste put in instead," he said, quietly. "You connived at this robbery?" "I-didn't knOw at the time it was a robbery. - I was assured you wished to sell them." "But the thief—you know the thief ?" s.Wour ushan d them "

"Here's nij mistress, sir," Lena heard the girl say. The man, who was only slightly known to her, raised his hat, and then catching sight -of her companion, a look of relief spread over his face. • "There's been, a mistake. I was looking for you, Blair, and I hoped I might find you here," he said, hurriedly. "What is it ? " asked Blair, sharply. "I'll tell you as we go to the club," responded the other, who putting his arm within Blair's, pressed it significantly. "Good-night, Lena, I will come and see you to- morrow," said her cousin. Then as the door closed on her he turned to his friend and hurriedly asked: anything wrong? " "My dear fellow, 'there's been a tragedy. That fool, her husband, has killed himself, and I wanted to get here and break the news before the police." "Killed himself ? " said Blair, horror-stricken.

"Yes, the Harpy shut her door on him, it's supposed because he hadn't the money he promised her, and he blew Out the few brains he had on her doorstep." "Good Heavens!" "I pity his wife. You must go back and tell her. It's an ugly job; but you are her cousin and it has to be done. I'm awfully glad I met you for you'll do it fifty times better than me."

ITIIE END. I

some did, only go there for the glass which they thought did them good, but when workingmen who were not Christians saw their mates who were Christians go to the public-house, they condemned it. Bad habits must be conquered, such as profane and unchaste speech and all betting and gambling. Those evils were rapidly spreading. They coined current phaseolagy and fostered recklessness and dishonesty of conduct. Perils were not playthings but even playthings could be perils. If they were to makea new start it could only be on right lines—the fear of God and the love of man. Let them keep God's Sabbath, study God's Word, worship in God's house, and work as servants of the great Master. In the evening the the Rev. Jomkr YONGE preached on the Wycliffe motto for the coming year— " Abide in Him." At the close of the service the ordinance of the Lord's Supper w(is observed.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
HOMELY CHAT ABOUT ACCIDENTS.

Points You Should Note.

Scarcely a day passes without some member of the family getting hurt. Maybe the breadwinner's work makes him peculiarly liable to cuts or lacerations; the boisterous youngsters are always running in to mother with bumps and bruises; and housewor'.: abounds with painful knocks, burns, scalds, and sprains for the fair sex. Prudent is the man who keeps a box of Zartt-Buk handy in his desk-drawer, in his tool-chest, or in his pocket. And far-seeing is the housewife who takes care to keep her home constantly supplied with this pure and.effective first-aid. Promptly dressing an injury with Zam-Buk means speedy relief from smarting pain. That's why the children like it. But it means much more—that your hurt will heal up quickly and perfectly, without fester- ing, without gathering, and withoul harbouring disease germs which, without Zam-Buk, might breed with incredible rapidity and spread pestilence through the tissue. That's why the "grown-ups" like it—why Zam-Buk has been officially adopted by ambulance experts, nurses, and public first-aid organisations. The secret of Zam-Buk's clean and painless healing lies in the fact that it imitates Nature's own " healing by first intention." It is composed of pure vegetable sops and juices, so highly-refined, and so scientifically combined and concentrated, that they sink into every nook and crevice of the wound, as well as through the pores of the skin round about, soothing the pain and allaying inflammation by effective antiseptic and germi- cidal action. Then Zam-Buk .actually helps to knit the flesh together, or to build new cells of healthy skin in the plcce, acting just as. Nature herself would act if the unnatural conditions of modern life didn't prevent her —or if thoughtless people didn't handicap her work by using impure ointments, salves and embrocations made of rancid animal fats and of mineral drugs. Pin your faith to Zam-Buk, the natural healing balm, and keep a box always handy for the accidents that will happen. It costs one-and-three-hallpence or two-and- nine per box, of all chemists, or post free from the Zam Buk Co., 4. Red Cross-street, E.C. The large box con- tains nearly four times as much as the small one.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
FLAT-CAPTAIN'S TRAGIC DEATH.

Fall into the Hold.

ALLEGED NON-COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATIONS. -

The tragic death of John Reay,agsad 67, ship's captain, residing at 14, Thewlis-street, was inquired into by Mr. Coroner Brighouse and a jury at the Warrington Police Station on Tuesday. Mr. J. R. Evans represented Messrs. J. Crosfield and Sons, Limited, Mr. E.A.Connor thai deceased's relatives, and Mr. Sumner, Factory Inspector, was also present. The Coroner said the police report stated that the deceased was employed by Messrs. Crosfield and Sons as captain of the flat Fairy. The boat had been loaded and was ready to go up the river to Liverpool at 8 p.m. on Friday last. The flat wiis right alongside the steamer George, and the deck of the latter had to be crossed to reach the Fairy. About seven o'clock Reay saw his son George in Quay Fold, and told him he was going to have his tea on the boat, as his things were there. The son returned to the boat at about eight o'clock, but could not find his father. He then went for his brother Joseph, and together they seaxched and found their father at the bottom of the hold of the George. Dr. Naden was sent for, but Reay was dead, his skull and thigh having been fractured, George Reay, a waterman, son of the deceased, said he last saw his father alive at 7.15 on Friday night,when he said he was going to have his tea on the boat. Witness went home for his tea. His father was strictly sober at the time. Witness arrived back at the boat about eight o'clock, and subsequently found his father at the botton of the hold, dead. In answer to the Coroner,witness said it was possible to step from the quayside on to the bulwark of the George. The George had two hatchways with a passage about four feet six inches batween. Both the hatchways were uncovered, and the hatches were placed in the free passage so that anyone going over the vessel would have to get over them. There were no lights on the quay and it was a very dark night. Questioned by Mr. Evans witness said he did not know it was the duty of the captain of tbe Fairy to move that vessel alongside another steamer which _ _

woUld tow it down the river. _ The Coroner said the law was that if a ship was alongside any other ship in a wharf, and persons employed had to pass from one to another, safe means of access should be provided for their use unless the conditions were such that it wai possible to pass from one to another without undue risk and without the aid of any special appliances. In this case the persons employed on the Fairy had to pass over the George,and there was an obligation on the owners to provide safe means of access. The Fairy had been tied to the George all day, and no one had said a word about it. Nothing . ould be more risky than passing over the George in the dark with both hatchways open and the hatches placed in the free way. A clearer case of irregularity and a greater death trap he could not imagine. Mr. Evans, interrupting, said he could call a witness who would say there was a free way between the hatches. The Coroner said he gave Mr. Evans the opportunity of calling witnesses, but he did not take it. According to the evidence before him the free way was blocked up by the hatches. Thomas Augustus Mosse, manager of the shipping department of Messrs. Crosfield and Sons, was then called. He said he saw the George at nine o'clock the morning after the accident. The hatches were lying between the two hatchways as described, but there was room for a MID to pass between them. The Coroner said it was quite clear the George had to provide the means of access. Nearly all the deaths on board ship were caused through inattention to details, and most of them through hatchways not being properly protected. The hatchways on the George ought never to have been left unprotected. There was no light on either boat or the quay, and when Reay stepped on board he had two gaping holes in front of him which could not be seen in the dark, in addition to which the freeway was either blocked up or partly blocked up. If the hatchways had been protected Reay would not have lost his life. The jury, after a short retirement, returned a verdict of "Accidental death," and added a rider that Reay's death was caused by neligence on the part of the man in charge of the George, the regulations not having been observed. Mr. Evans, on behalf of Messrs. Crosfield, expressed their spepathy with the relatives.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THAT BRONCHIAL COUGH.

A Tradesman proves the value of the Peps Pine-Air Treatment.

Thee, the Peps pine-air cure for bronchitis is both homely and efficient is proved by the voluntary testi- mony of Mr. Philip Solomon, a well-known Bolton tradesman and very popular in the local lodges of the ft.A.0.8. Interviewed by a pressman, Mr. Solomon said "I have suffered for over fourteen years from bronchitis and bronchial asthma," said Mr. Solomon. "It seemed to get worse and worse every winter, and got so bad at last that I was laid up for over seven weeks and hever expected to get out of bed again. I fancy the trouble was caused by the close confinement of my work as a tailor and cutter. I know I used to feel the cold terribly comi:,g home from the warm workshop at night. "The fits of coughing were so bad, and so frequent, that everybody used to pity me. I could not lie on my back in bed, but had to be propped up to get my breath. My sleep was constantly broken by coughing fits, and T got very weak. "I tried all sorts of things to get relief, but the best of them soon lost their effect, and lett me worse than ever. I was treated by doctors too but with the same result. To one doctor, who is an old friend of mine, I appealed for something that would stop ra) cough. I could stop your cough,' he said, but you would be a dead man in a few days if I did.' His medicine eased me a good bit, but very soon lost its effect, and left me hopeless, ," Then I tried Peps, a new and altogether unique remedy, and the result was beyond all my hopes. I could feel their influence spreading through my lungs and chest at once, quite a different sensation to any other remedy I had ever tried. After taking Peps I could sleep soundly, and my breathing was quite free and easy. At first I feared Peps might serve me the same as other remedies had, and would lose their -effect after a time. But the good effect continued, and seerned to gain rather than lose. Now lam working again as well as ever I did, and I always keep a box of Peps handy in in my vest-pocket, so that whenever Ihe dust of the workshop troubles me, I can get rid of it at once by taking a Pep. The change in me has hem so great that everybody is talking about it, and I have explained so often how the change has come about. that I am a regular walking advertisement for Peps." The lessons of such a chapter of life-history are worthy of serious consideration. Sudden changes from beat to cold, as when leaving a warm room on a cold day, cause bronchitis. Sudden changes in the weather have a similar effect. The wonderful relief afforded by Peps in such a serous case as this proves conclusively the medicinal value of pure pine-sir in the lungs. Such unique effects cannot be produced by ordinary cough- mixtures or by ordinary lozenges compounded of cubebs, ammonia, and other irritating substances. See that you get the real Peps, with the registered name on every box. Sold by all chemists at is. lid. or 2s. lid., or post free at the same prices from The Peps Pastille Co., Carlton Hill, Leeds.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
LENA'S HUSBAND.

BY FITZGERALD MOLLOY; Ciathor of "Just at Moonrise,".. "The Mysterious Palace," "Two Women," "Donisthorpe's Destiny," &c.

As Lena sat at breakfast, she was surprised to !war her husband moving abut in the room above, For he seldom rose before noon, and she knew he had not been in until early that morning, for ioon after she had been startled from sleep by the banging of his door, she had heard the clock strike four.

As he entered the breakfast-room she gave him' me of those swift glances by Which women gauge the shifting humours of their lords, and said: "If I had known you were coming down to breakfast," and she looked at the table, on which there was nothing appetising. Then in an apologetic voica she added,"l will ring and see if there is-" "Don't mind, I can't eat anything, but I will have a cup of tea," he answered. She was relieved to find he was neither sulky no silent, nor aggressively irritable, as was usual in the beginning of the day, and her pleasure at the change was so great that she accepted it thankfully without seeking for . its .cause. So with rising spirits the poor little woman ventured to tell him bits of gossip about friends she had seen the previous day, and encouraged by his apparent interest, spoke .of the letter she had that morning from Frank, their only child, a sturdy little lad ft nine, for whom he had never shewn any affection. To part with the boy had been a great grief to her, but as in so many other things she had sacri- ficed herself, believing it w,is better be should be put to school than that he should remain at home where he would .see and resent the unhappiness ,his father caused her. _ _

With glistening eyes- She spoke of the -sco:7B he had made at cricket, his delight, in football, and his love of outdoor sports, which she hoped would please his father, who in his day had been a famous athlete. As she faced him across the breakfast-table she failed to see him as the haggard, dissipated man he was, with eyes bard as flint, and a cruel Month, but imagined him still the gallant, handsome young soldier who, ten years before, hatl wooed and won her, the man for whose sake she had refused her wealthy cousin, Austin Blair, who had loved her all his life, and who had become an exile for years after her marriage, which had been made in opposi- tion to her family and friends. Her husband had long ago left the army, quitting it. soon after she became his wife, with a • sudden- ness that might have roused her suspicion if he had not explained. that his desire was to settle down with her, instead of moving from one garrison town to another with his. regiment. Since then it. had been the endeavour of her life to hide his failings from hes relatives, to deny- to herself that their estimate of him was true ; for in spite of his indifference, his neglebt, his unkindness, she loved him, clung to him, believed in him. His unusually quiet air. and the submissiveness with which he listened to her, at last roused her fears- that. something was wrong with him, and whilst dreading to question him, she ventured to say: "Has anything happened—that is, I hope--" - "Yes ; I'm much upset, Lena," he said, seizing the opportunity he so long expected, "and I haven't slept a wink all night, thinking about it." "What can it be.-?." she asked, under her breath, her gentle eyes full of alarm. "Well, the fact. is, I must have five - hundred pounds by the end of the week." t "Five hundred pounds," she echoed, in dismay. Her whole income barely amounted .to eight. hundred a year, on which they had lived since their marriage, for even when in receipt of his pay, he had never contributed ft penny to the house- hold expenses, whilst she had frequently been obliged to meet his debts. And of late, it had become a struggle to supply him With money, to keep up their unpretending home -and to educate her •boy. Much as she hated- it, site had been obliged to run up bills with the tradespeople.' Long ago she would have gone to the Channel Isles or to the countfy, where they might .econo- mise, but be would not hear of leaving town, where all his pleasures were centred. , "There's no Use in repeating my words," he said, with his old harshneSs, "and you don't seem to care .what I feel in asking you." . "Yes, dear, I do," she replied, conciliatingly, "but it's a large sum, find I owe a good deal to the tradespeople." "For God's sake, don't. worry me with domestic details." • _

"No, but I want you to see how I stand. Then Frank's last term hasn't been paid for " "Of course he's always put before me," he flared out, with the unreasoning jealousy he always shewed towards the lad. "lie's first and. I'm nowhere." -

"Don't be unjust, dear; he must be educated." "Why couldn't he be educated at home and save money? " - She could not explain that she parted with the boy to spare him from wretchedness, but remained silent, the old patient look returning to her face whose outlines had grown so sharp. "I suppose you have lost at cards ? " she suggested, after a pause. -• "Well, what if I have? " he demanded, savagely-. "Only that when I. last paid, you promised me--"-

"I might be sure you would remind me of wha.4 I owe you." "No, it's,nodutt, but " "You need say no more about it ; as you won't give the money, I'll clear out of the country and you'll never be troubled with me again." "0 Harry, how can you say that ?" She almost. cried, her .miserable-, face growing whiter at the thought of losing him. lie knew his threat would have its effect. "There's nothing else for it, unless you can get the money from your trustees," he added, as if by sudden thought. • "It's no use asking thorn ; they won't letomr. have a penny in advance." "There's your cousin who has more coin than he knows what to do with." She had never told him that Austin Blair loved her, and she now believed he had not heard of it from others or he would never have made this suggestion. "I cannot ask him," she. said. "Why not?" "If fonly because he would know I wanted it for you."

"Let him," lie answered, desperately. "Oh, no, no," she said, anxious to spare him the contempt. he invited. "Well, if I don't Mind, you needn't, and all I know that if I haven't it by the end of the week, you won't find me here," saying which he quitted the room. _ _ _ _ _

A. couple of hours later, when he bad dressed with his usual care, he left the house without say- ing a word to her. Pale and miserable she stood at the window by which he passed, and though lie knew she was there he never looked in her direc- tion, but. turned to watch a pretty girl who, with .skirts,, was picking her way across the muddy street. There were salt, tears in Lena's eyes as she hurried to her room that she might think over what she could do. From the first she saw there was but one Way of raising the money, and no doubt lie had , seen it too, but had been too honourable to suggest it.. She must pawn her jewels. - Some of them had belonged to her__ mother. her

dear father had given her the beautiful diamond necklac..., and her bracelets, rings and ornaments had been wedding presents from relatives and friends of her own, her husband's having given

hand-painted frames, volumes of poetry, and s. carriage clock, the joint contribution of three

maiden aunts,

She Aid not know the value of her diamonds. but she was sure old gr. Lawlor, the jeweller and pawnbroker at the corner, would net fairry by her. In days when she had money to spare, she had bought various articles of old silver from him, and she had recently spoken to him about a pair of Georgian candlesticks she had admired in his window, into which she had often cast envious 'ikoks. And more than once she had seen thread- bare figures flit in and out of a swing door in it side street which led to his pawn-office' when she had wondered what necessity had forced them . to pledge their belongings. .That evening, when quite dark, she also would enter by that "Mysterious door. Once within she could not be seen by those passing outside, and old Mr. Lawlor would be discreet, for he looked like the .repository of inmonerable secrets. ' Yet at thought of this visit her cheeks burnt. Then she told herself that whatever her feelings were they must be overcome ; and every sacrifice must be made to keep her husband beside her. Tie did not return to dinner, which was not

===== 0002601_19070112_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Peter's Church

The Vicar of St. Peter's, the Rev. B. Percival, entered upon the 15th year of his ministry on Suirday, and in the evening he preached to a large congregation from the words, "With God all things are possible." He remarked that steady progress had been made during the past year in all their parochial organizations, and it was interesting and encouraging to compare the present time with 14 years ago ; in fact, when he looked round the church and saw such a large attendance, it filled his heart with joy to see such a wonderful change. It every branch there had been great and steady progtess—in attendance at evening services, in the number of baptisms, communicants, marriages, finAnces, and last, but not least, in the number of church workers.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
Buckley-Street P.S.A.

An open meeting of the Baal,ley-street P.S.A. Society on Sunday was well attended. Mr. E. Flinston occupied the chair. In the absence of Mr.Stringer,who was indis- posed. Mr. Joseph Owen gave an address. Miss Fairhurst was heard to advantage in "The raft," the test piece in the competition which she won at the Warrington Eisteddfod. Mr. A. E. Trow was the accompanist. Mr. Oleave and Mr. H. Woolley also took part in the service.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
Workingmen's Mission, Bank Quay.

The individual communion cups (presented to the above Mission by Mr. J. J. Crosfield) were used for the first time on Sunday evening last. The Communion Service was conducted by Mr. T. Dale. The impressive- ness of the Service was added to very materially by the fact of all the communicants being able to partake of the Sacrament at one and the same time. The cups and stands have been supplied by the "Onward" Publishing Co. (Band of Hope Union), Deansgate, Manchester, and have given every satisfaction.

1 Many will be pleased to hear that Sergeant Banks, of Newton, has keen made an inspector. Sergeant Ban ks has been in Newton nearly 12 years and is highly esteemed. He has been transferred to the Wigan Dis- L trict.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
TO fl C

'frgr4Cl4'

SAVES MANY LIVES.

Established 32 Years.

The

most

LIKE MAGIC.

PUBLIC SPEAKERS,

and all who suffer from

THROAT WEAKNESS WILL FIND IT SAFE AND EFFECTIVE.

Beware of Substitutes; ask - for " OWBRIDGE " when. buying Lung Tonic and TAKE NO OTHER.

Prepared by W. T. OWBRIDGE, Ltd., Hull. id everywhere in bottles at is. 2s. 9,1., 4s. 6d., and us. PYRIGICT,

little shop 'swung round her, and the next thing she remembered wits4liat she was sitting on a chair whilst the pawnbroker stood beside hez. holding a tumbler of water. • hope you -are better," be said, in a kindly voice.

She nodded her head. When able to speak she asked when the diamonds had been sold, and on bearing saw that her husband had taken advantage of her six weeks' absence, during which she had nursed the sister, to steal the jewels. . • "There has been some mistake," she muttered, confusedly. "We spoke of selling the necklace, but my husband didn't tell me he had done so, as I suppose he wished to spare me pain." "I see," replied the pawnbroker, dryly. _ On leaving the office she was too stunned to see if anyone she knew were passing, but as a matter of fact .her figure was recognised, and she was followed by a man who, coming beside her, called her by her name. "What were you doing there in that pawn- broker's shop ? " he said. "0 Austin, don't ask me," she implored, piteously. "I can gness," he answered, 'striving to suppress his auger, for he knew she had been striving to get money for her worthless husband, and but for the pain it would give her he would have told her the gossip with which the clubs had run..' for weeks, how the scoundrel had, in blind fascination, followed the notorious Harpy, whose thirst for told had ruined many men. would have given you whatever sum you wanted. Let us go back and redeem your pledges at once," he said. "No, no, Austin, you mustn't do that," she replied, eagerly, fearing lest lie might learn the truth of her husband's baseness, _

"Very well. I suppose I must do as yoa please." They went on slowly and in silence for she was too weary to speak, too limpid to walk, and her only wish was to hide herself away where she might cry her heart out over the fall of her idol and the ruin of her life. As they sighted her small house they saw the »mid on time doorstep talking to a young man ir elening drOss, who bad evidently driven up in the

A GUARANTEED CURE FOR PILES, Itching, Blind. Bleeding, or Protruding. All chemists are authorised to refund money if Paso Ointment fails to cure Piles. Cures ordinary cases in six days. One application gives ease and rest. Paso Ointment ;s a new discovery, and the only Pile remedy L-oldon a po-i- -tive guarantee. - Price 2s. 3d., of all chemist or from,— PARIS MEDICINE Co., TR)IPL); CITA 31 BE RS,LONDON, E.C.

Cheapest, Safest, Up -to - date, most

Effective, and Best Known Remedy in the World Chill, Coughs, C a lii 3 , Throat and Chest /An A ,re coons, el 1/4-9 r , ~.. , - iv Pl 0 , -.; ‘4.4. A '4, •- 1 W ir, 'I q ' ;tial t :_,5

For INFLUENZA IT ACTS

for

and

, -.4,.. fr f.g. ,t,, , , „.1. e i.v.„. ~, , t . r, . ... , :,., ~..,.

SINGERS,

I - Prosperous Banking Concern. divided time, doubtless, for meral purposes, as truly as f for natural, physical and almanac purposes. Everyone! An ordinary meeting of the shareholders of the must wish to be spared to old age if the faculties, their I Manchester arid Liverpool District Banking Co. Ltd., livelihood, and love lasted. That, however, was the i will be held at the head offices, Spring Gardens, portion only, of the few. The duty of the many was to i Manchester, on Wednesday, January 16th. In the live well and truly while life might last. A new year offered a new start, a fresh chance, and an added . I report which will be presented the directors announce opportunity.. That was true for everyone. There might a gross profit , for the half-year ended December 31st, be one of God's prodigals there who had wasted his 1900, of £229,820 2s. 10d. to which has to he added time, opportunities and powers, and lived all wrong till £37,818 Os. 2d. brought forward from 30th June, now. The new year was the opportunity for a new start 1000. Deducting expenses at head offices and for him. Speaking to a company of working- b anehes and provision for income tax, there is left men he (Mr. Yonge) would remind them that workingmen were surely, if still slowly, coming to their a net profit of £182,360 7s. id. Out of this the directors recommend the payment of a dividend of day of power and opportunity. Already these were the 21s per share, which will absorb £131,250, leaving a best days they had ever known and they were going to • be better. One object of the P.S.A. was to prepare balance of , • £5l 110 is ld.Of this it is proposed to carry workingmen to profit in the highest sense by their to the reserve fund £lO,OOO, and to the next account advancing temporal welfare. No man could make good £41,110 7s. id. By this addition the reserve fund use of life without personal religion. What was personal will be £1,815,000. It is intended to extend the religion ?—the reverent fear of God and the keeping of i operations of the Bank, and arrangements are being His commandments ; the brotherly love of man and made for opening branches at Presswich and Whit- caring for his welfare. That was the whole duty of ichurch. Mr. Tipping, a director, retires after 52 man, of every man from highest to lowest, from king o peasant, from multi-millionaire to pauper—and if years' connection with the Bank, and an expression of t the millionaire had done or nor did his Appreciation of his long service is recorded. duty pauperism would die. But the P.S.A. 110 - sought to had its members to go in for A STORY FROM ST. HELENS. personal religion. He suggested first that they should make a better use of Sundays this year. When P.S.A.'s started they aimed to get hold of men who A striking story is the more striking, and also the paid no religious attention to Sunday at all, and went more convincing when it receives the best guarantee of to no place of worship—many of them old Sunday School all—the gnarantee of time. We will all agree that this scholars who had given over Church going. Thousands endorsement is full of good hope for all of us. of such had been gathered in, and perhaps some of those , Nearly three years after Mrs. N. Appleton 18, Glad-, present were of that sort. He wanted to say, however, stone-street, St. Helens, told us of her cure 'by Doan's that the P.S.A. hour was not enough for them. God backache kidney pills, she said :—" I have been in ordained the day for spiritual uses. It was not enough splendid health ever since Doan's backache kidney pills to yield the beim P.S.A. men were needed to help in cured me, except when I caught a severe cold, and that rescuing Sunday from religious neglect, which was settled in my back. A friend of mine, however, gave widespread and increasing. A remarkable mina- me a few of Doan's pills, and they very soon put me festo on Sunday 'Observance had been issiied by right tv,ain. I have found such lasting relief from these the Archbishop of Canter erg, the RAman Catholic pills Witt when people have asked me about my testi- Archbishop of Westminster And the President menial, which has appeared in the papers, I tell them of of the National Free Church Council in which the good the medicine has done me." the conviction was affirmed that on adequate and Here is the testimonial to which Mrs. Appleton reasonable Sunday observance depended in no small. refees :—" For about three years I suffered from pains measure the possibility of promoting in England the in the small of ray back, just over where the kidneys deeper, the more sacred, and the more enduring interests are. It %%as very sharp, and I also had pain between my of our common life. That was an imparalled manifesto, shoulders. There were urinary disorders, too, and aid workingmen could help the movement by raising sediment from the secretions. Other symptoms of my the public opinion of the working classes about it. ailment were palpitation of the heart, poor appetite, They must rally reland Sunday and "sanctua..y. Then slewlessness, nervousness and a tired, weary feeling. they must make better use of week days. Christian " Nlany medicines I tried without success, but Doan's workingmen should work all the better bemuse they backache kidney pills have made a different woman of were t hristians. The man who feared God should me. I used three boxes of the pills,and they have done realize that he had to please the Heavenly Master in me the world of good. Doan's pills are excellent, and the style and spirit of his daily labour. Let them turn I will do what I can to recommend them." their leisure to some high and worthy account, improve DJ In's Backache Kidney Pills are two shillings and their minds, and care for their wives and families. ninepence per box (six boxes for thirteen shillings and They should avoid everything that had proved perilone ninepence). Of all chemists and stores, or post free, in the past. Doubtful companY must be given up,aud bad direct from Foster-McClellan Co.,B,Wells-street,Oxford- places of resort abandoned. Christian workingmen would street, London. W. Be sure you get exactly the same do well io keep outside the public-house. They might,and kind of pills that Mrs. Appleton had.

: Jaii'AVlCeP.lo.lo *4lo‘ 7-: --I.:, -,,i•-•,-4; r6"-;* ' -4. '" -:-.17';,.• 47*. ..4.-..k•+ . szoiee,.2., g 4 .- - ..,...... .2. 4 4,.. ....,-,,, . -,•fr.4.:-.... • - . ; cilia ,',.. :4', iiie•:,,,,x4.1. *0 • 4iii • , • • il, m..• :at i. .1',..'-• ce . 10,. y•1'.... 1/417 , -...„,7, • ... 0..... • .el •-111.;.5 _.4,4 4:4 ;110111. • • le) ! , Ni 0 : V(f r .61,,,: •• .-40 , likili'-`-70 0 •-....;.: •••:, • ‘„,,,, Air Atir . . 1•••,, ','.' 40 <,> •,I,'-. ...,..4.- 0 , A • ( ...1., ••.!.. , ..... -..-. 410-e,, iii, --(,a#. •-.., i 540); vrA v r. .........0.-„,...,i, t • el' I 11, ' "'s .." .... ~.., ..•” 4 , . , _A; 0 TI I f 111111:'•,.., 1.„4.4.4:0, AP- ..47,1ti.-,ii, ......,1,.!..,_ ir.„..... (461`,4'qii ..... it, , 0...,1,,,,4:4At1rr'.'441• "•••••: IA ~..e ' -......, .4.,,-. , ....• ti-, - e.....t.1- 40- :Is , cr-: , ;•.-, livv-e44.4. h,-.1.44 -4tylfr- ''''•.;,•,-- ----k-0,„--- .. , ..•,p1 (i-A) (-- • 1;;t4 --''' 1 *Rk‘ . .s•t---.",-..--- ' 0 4 • 4 , • I-6 " I .0 ••.! .t.4%.* • ~,,,di 4 atvi 4'7111 t.,•• '4' '1.4 i•ril ((-";''''''' ~,i 4Virk , . '''''l'l A 0147 • , I..‘.Lf; ( '''' 1) • I '-'-‘) '' .IbA • c,--,\`'• ,11_ •/r7-->\ , .„ t ik`Plie "PI -- , lta- <A-4fil lorA. 11111 P - , 4411A0,4. • -".,,e;YELA a-Nr,i- -01',4416(0) ..... ____ ,-.. rot • .-14. 0 ~,P4-‘' * 1 '''''.'"),.: •fl._ ... * el k v•k% tqw ....1 ig-tkr4-4, - • • 0_ --- - „),,, ~----- 4 _ JAPI .. t ,---1,4•4- #'••": . .r .•°-. -ia. \.....„---,...i-: I" -i*: • , , iii- ,ti, m,,,,,.---., 0 •',...-.41e 46 )71:1A-. :ft ~... 0..a.' • °:•. ~• • r- -- • WV AI • ..,./ e 144 AiA i. • ~.. " ,:f..i. ......11:0 _ GiAl*:* ..,,,.., ,:•ty-,A.a. ii:!. .-ifik• ~.).4 I:4's Or •'/:1, Sc c, .40.-3-.--_---ke- `.lo,:' . et.,...,; •A. \,' .1" ' 1 2 ".. /• , . . • Gl* ••",..... ~,....• 0,..5,.. "re ,'*.W. .. ' ' 4 ,• 14 / .', :/ f 'i. w , . .. ..' ..:t .k 2 .:- ..,.---,.1 ~4- ."T 34'...,• :- sio% p ,-Alce- atit -::',A •:1^ •;:'• si kil ......„NA.

• 04- -, ~ .., „.. e... r - -,... •E.4.*Tl .o,l)`'iA" - . .3t., • ,',.?...., t/ ra— -64 'l-. . -4 `,.-: - . ...,-, . "WI . • -A, 4 ‘?;;". _ , :f .. tri."'" ''is • C ' ~.,,...'''s , •,,,,` , . . 4,4_,..;,/, V. , - __

===== 0002601_19070112_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070112_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ .

===== 0002601_19070112_art0025.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEM

===== 0002601_19070112_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVELY COUNCIL 31./ENES.

COUNCILLOR ASKED TO AP3LIGISE BUT REFUSES.

The Electrical Engineer's Salary.

A low, discussion, marked by a heated incident, took place at meeting of the Warrington Town Council on Tuesday evening. The Electricity and Tramways Committee recommendel that the salary of the Electrical Engineer (Nlr. Mathias) be increased from £3OO to £350 per annum, and that he be allowed to take not more than two pupils at any one time. The MAYoa formally moved and Councillor WILKINSoN seconded the confirmation of the minutes. Councillor STorr thought some reasons ought to be given for the proposed increase of salary. The MAYOR. slid Mr. Mathias was appointed at a very low salary, and he was promised that if he sncceeded in making the electricity works pay he would receive an increase. During the last two years the output at the works had increased over 80 per cent., and there had been a reduc- tion in the price of the current to all classes of con- sumers, yet the profits had been increased very silbstan-- tially. Mr. Mathias had pointed out to them that the— year previous to his appointment the net profit was , £125. The first year after his appointment the profit was £1,540, and this year it was £2,700. He had had all the extension work for the electricity vsorks and tramways, and was at present carrying out a gheme of consiierahle magnitude withoutr anyincrease of staff. The plant, generating station and tramways department were getting older, and required more attention. He was promised an increase if results justified it, and Mr. Mathias contendel that the results could not have been better. He also pointed out that a good many Corporations allowed their engineers to take private pupils, which was not the custom in Warrington. He (the Mayor) had gone over a list of the salaries paid in 30 towns, and found that Warrington paid the lowest. From his (the Mayor's) knowledge Mr. Mathias had saved the town over £3OO in commission alone during the last two years. Previous to his appointment they always hada consulting engineer, and no matter what they bought in the way of cables, &c., a man from London came down to examine it. Mr. Mathias did the whole of that work himself. He was at iiresent, engaged on another scheme. They would have to ex- tendtheir works on account of the large amount of business they were getting, and instead of calling in an engineer Mr. Mathias was getting out the plans and specifications himself and he might save them in this instance £l5O to £2OO. It was not his work to draw the plans, but he was doing it. He (the Mayor) had not the slightest fear in recommending the Council to pass the resolution because he did not think they could get a man to do the work better even if they paid him thousands a year.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
A SCENE.

The MAYOR then read a report of how a serious accident was averted at the electric station on Decem- ber 21st through the promptitude and presence of rind of Mr. Mathias and Ips staff. At the close Councillor WILSON rose and said : "A Councillor, here, has been calling out rot. I object to it."

The MANOR. : If you name the gentleman he must pologize.to the chair.

Councillor WlLsos : Councillor Cannington. The MAkOR :, You must apologise, Councillor Cunnington. Councillor CUNNINGTON : What am I going to apologise for? The AfAvon : T have told you. Councillor CUNNINGTON : I will not. The MAYOR: You won't? Councillor CUNNINGTON : No.

The MAYOR : I shall ask you to leave the room, or I can leave the chair.

-60.1-113CI1101 CUN'NINGTON : I have done nothing. Councillor PEMBERTON : I think Councillor Cunning- ton's remark applies not to you, sir,but was his opinion of what took place. Alderman TINNION : It is for Councillor Cunnington to say what he referred to. The action of more than one member of the Council at that end of the room was not creditable to the Council and not respectful to the chair. Undertone conversations and the passing of remarks were going on the whole of the time, and it certainly was disrespectful to the chair. • The MAYOR: Councillor Cunnington will you explain what is "rot "and what is not "rot," in the report?

bouncillor CUNSINGTON : I never said , anything about" rot " at all.

Councillor WILSON: I most distinctly say that Councillor Cunnington used the expression rot." Councillor CUNNINGTON: I distinctly say I never. did. The MAYOR) Very well if ...you deny A. _ _

Councillor Wrtsoti Mr. Mayor, I ask the two councillors sitting on the right hand and the left hand: did they not hear him say it? The .NIAYoR : We cannot go further. He denies it. Councillor PEMBERTON : I heard C4uncillor Cunnington say something, but I did not hear the word. The MAYort : It is very bad and disrespectful to the chair to use such language if it has been said, and I can assure you any such language as that will not be tolerated in this Council while lam in this -chair. I accept his denial, and the matter must go on. Councillor LORD moved an amendment that the minute be referred back. This was a double-barrelled rise. If it we's intended to give Mr. Mathias a rise he should not be allowed to have apprentices which were equivalent to another £5O per annum. The advance of £5O and the permission to take two premium pupils was equal to £lOO a year which was 33 per cent of his salary. Mr. Mathias deserved a good deal of credit for his work, but not the whole of it, as the staff were also worthy of praise. The saving of money was not due to Mr. Mathias alone, but to the cheaper buying of coal. The MAYOR said he quite admitted that the staff deserved credit and he gave it to them. Councillor PEMBERTON seconded the amendment. Mr. Mathias was a good servant, but it should not be overlooked that his salary had been raised in four years from £lO4 to £3OO. He had done very well. Mr. Mathia.s's appointment had placed him in the position of being able to apply to other Corporations for similar positions, as he believed he had done. It was true he did some supervision in connection with the tramway extension, but it was under Messrs. Preece and Cardesv who received a commission and sent down a permanent man. If Mr. Mathias' salary was raised he should give some guarantee that he would spend a certain number of years in Warrington. (Hear, hear.) He ought not to be Alowed to take pupils. At this stage there was a "scene " between Councillor Pemberton and Alderman Tinnion,Councillor Pemberton taking the latter to task for holding an alleged-conver- sation across the table with Alderman Evans. He said Alderman Tinnion was so very fond of finding fault with other people that he thought it his duty to object to him.

Alderman TINNION denied talking to Alderman Evans and said it was the alderman who was speaking to him. He objected to Councillor Pemberton's blackguardly way of treating everyone in the Council. Councillor PENIBERToN : I would not be as big a blackguard as you. Councillor EvASS supported the amendment, because he said he had consistently opposed dual appointments. Mr. Mathias was receiving .£5O in connection with the tramway management and £250 as electrical engineer. He hoped the committee would reconsider the advis- ability of ending what he considered to be a dual posi- tion. With a tramway manager like Mr. Telfer he did not see the necessity for an overseer. Alderman FORSHAw said he thought Mr. Mathias was a valuable servant and deserved an increase, but he objected to him taking premiums from pupils. The pupils would be taught at the expense of the Corpora- tion. and the Corporation ought to be entitled to the premiums. In answer to Councillor Stott as to whether any other ohief officials had premium pupils, The MAYOR said the Town Clerk had an articled clerk, and he thought the Borough Surveyor had a pupil. Councillor WILKINSoN denied that Mr. Mathias held a dual position. He was the electrical engineer, and was in command of the electricity works and the over- head equipment. Mr. Telfer was traffic manager solely. Pupils were allowed in other towns, and he thought the idea would be to train up Warrington youths for future high appointments in the borough. Councillor CfrANTLEß,asked if Mr. Mathias would agree to his salary being reduced if there was a loss in the department. (Laughter). When a department made a profit it should be the ratepayers who should benefit, and not the officials. (Hear, hear). The department was not in a hurry to advance the wages of the poorly. paid servants. It saas more difficult for a lower paid employee to get an increase of Is.than for a high placed official to get £l. Councillor STorr said his views were somewhat in accord with those which had been expressed by the last speaker, but though workingmen should have con- sideration he did not think they should penalize an official because certain members of the Council did not treat the ordinary working man as fairly as he ought to be treated. That was not the fault of the chief officials, and they ought to consider questions of this kind from a single standpoint without bringing in side issues. If the committee would come before the Council and recommend an increase of £5O he would support it, but he did not feel inclined to agree to the pupils as well. If premiums were charged it would debar the children of workingmen from securing the good positions. Alderman EVANS explained that the suggestion as to the pupils was made by a member of the committee, and Mr. Mathias was in no way responsible/ , Councillor Fur:l'm-Small said Councillor Stott had apparently forgotten one of the trade unions the Coopers were allowed to take on apprentices. The first year, whatever money the paid was given to the foreman and not to the firm. The second year, a proportion went to the firm, but the bulk went to the foreman, and it was the same with an electrical engineer, who was supposed to give the benefit of his experience to his pupils, whilst the pupils were giving the benefit of their

wotc to thair ernplayers; so- it cut both ways, and' enibled the employers to get labour cheap. The MAYOR said he had explained to Mr. Mathias. that if the resolution was passed ho • would. have to be content for a good number of years. The amendment was then pat to the meeting, and the voting resulted as follows : FOR THE AMIiNDAIENT: AGAINST. Alderman Forshaw Alderman Evans Councillor Burton „ Bennett Sankey Tinnion ' „ Benson Councillor Wilkinso n 1 „ Evans „ Fulton-Smith ~ • Barton . ~ . Nield 7, Skelland " ,I Ball If Ashcroft II Ellison „ Chantler ~ Clegg Wilding Wile on Cunnington The Kfayor-11 , ~ Lord Pemberton t, „ Stott „ Steel-15 • The amendment was therefore carried. Alderman FORSHAM moved that the increased to £350. The MAYOR: You cannot do that. The other minutes of the committee- were then approved.

salary Ië

===== 0002601_19070112_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON ANGLERS' ASSOCIATION,

A Disappointing Season.

Although the Warrington Anglers Association main- tains its sound position, the past season was one of the most disappointing over experienced—through circum- stances beyond the control of the Association. There is, however, no diminution of interest on the part of the members, and there was a large attendance at the annual meeting of the Association held at the Norton Arms Hotel on Wednesday evening. Mr. J. Lyon, Whittle had been 3nnounced to preside but wrote regretting his inability to be present and wishing the members a happy and prosperous New Year and a successsul angling season. Mr. Henry Taylor was elected to the chair and amongst those present were: Messrs. W. A. Proud, A. Cook, P. Knight (general secretary), and F. J. E mson (assistant secretary),

THE REPORT. Mr. PETER KNIGHT (secretary) presented his annual report, in which he emphasised the fact that their position, numerically and financially, had been well maintained. They had a large number of defaulters, but the amount owing was considerably less than last year. The collection of subscriptionn by secretaries of clubs had resulted in a better return, though one or two clubs had failed to earn the premium otiercod. The sum of £2 17s. Gcl. had been handed to the sumessful as commission.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
POOR SPORT.

In dealing with the question of private waters, the- SECRETARY said they zegretted to find they had not yielded the sport they expected after the extensive stocking, but when they analysed the angling season all round they found they had no more grounds of com— plaint than other people had. The season ;had been about the worst which had been experienced for ten years, the heavy decrease in the aggregate of the fish weighed in from both home and foreign waters proving that quality and quantity were below the ordinary standard. But it was a condition of things they believed would be improved upon during the ensuing year.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKING.

Stocking had been very extensively carried out during the past year, the Bridgewater Canal receiving the bulk (over 5,000) and the Old Quay Canal about 2,000.

THE BOLLIN.

The 13ollin had disappointed everyone, as only two specimens had resulted from the efforts of visitors, and and these were far below the standard of former years. It had been decided that the annual charge of that fishery far outweighed tho results and that some retrenchment must take place. It had been resolved to dispense with the service of a regular keeper. Any member wishing to fish the Bollin must now confine his efforts to the land under the control of Mr. S. Ileathcote on the Lymm side of the lower length, and the upper length might be fished on the Dunham side from Bollington Mill down to the bridge or the-eabouts, and on the Lymin side from Bollington Mill down to the railway. A proper delineation of the boundary would be notified in due course when the pending negotiations were concluded. The members might rely upon them retaining as much of the fishing as possible consistent with its actual value.

OTHER WATERS.

The length of the Gowy taken over by them during the year had, like many other waters, fished very badly. The Llangollen fishery had experienced a very slack time, but though the catches had been considerably smaller some very good specimens had found their way to SVarrington.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
CONTESTS &C.

The angling contests had passed off very successfully though the number .of entries had not been quite so good as last year. The amounts realised from entrance. fees, with the grants from the funds, and_specimen prizes, came to the fine aggregate of £6B 103., distri- buted among 110 prize winners, The shield and medal competition was a successful event, though the entries were slightly less, there being 27 teams and 32 indi- viduals, a total of 196 competitors. The total value of the medals presented by their esteemed chairman of the Association, together with 10:3. 2d. in cash, was £2O. The weights were much in excess of last year. The competitions for the ensuing season would be placed later in the season to enable the committee to try an experinient, namely ta permit the use of bait cans in all the contests but only on condition thit they were not less than 9 inches by G inches and 5 inches deep, and that undersized fish only were kept in them. It had been decided to throw the length of the Bridgewater canal open for the use- of feeders, in competitions and in ordinary angling,with the exception of the length between Moore Bridge and Keckwick Bridge, which was reserved absolutely for soft ground bait.

The total receipts were somewhat less from several causes, but they had been enabled to spend a fair sum in stocking, and had acquired the additional fishing of about five miles of the Sankey canal. They had enrolled during the year about 220 members as members of the Widnes Msociation to fish the lowet part of the, same water, and with that additional expenditure they were. enabled to carry forward a balance of over £l2 to next year's account. They claimed, therefore, that the committee were carefully considering the best interests of the Association. The Secretary in conclusion, appealed on behalf of the committee for coutinued support with the assurance that the best interests of the members would be safely guarded. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19070112_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCIAL.

The balance shoot showed that the receipts amounted to £261 O. 31d. and after paying expenses there was a. credit balance of L'l2 3s. 7.

The CriatlntaN in moving the adoption of the report and accounts congratulated the members on the year's, work. The weights caught might have been better but they had to put up with these drawbacks. He hoped the next season would be a record. (Applause.) NIT% W. A. PROUD seconded and said the [-Ppm-tame some the idea of the great amount of work dealt with by the committee. Careful control had been exercised and nothing had been spent that was not absolutely necessary. Every opportunity had been taken of acquiring new fisheries, so that the members would have at their doors tho best fishing that the Association. could provide. With better *fisherman's weather, he thought this year they would have an excellent season. ( Applause.)

repOrt and accounts were adopted. TEIE BENEVOLENT FUND.

Mr. LODGE reported that there was £27 I6s. in this fund but there were only ae)out six' subscribers. They 'would have to devote the money to some other object unless greater interest were taken in the fund. PRIZES DISTRIBUTED.

The prizes awarded to the members were then distri- buted, the total amount being £l.l 4s. THE PRESIDENT.

Mr. A. COOK moved the re-election of Mr. E. M. Crosfield as president. He took a g rent interest in the work of the Association and had been the solo means of acquiring their fishing rights o n the Bollin. Mr. T. Nixox seconded and the motion was carried unanimously.

- OTHER ELECTIONS. The vice-presidents were re-elected w ith the addition of Messrs. A. Range and T. H. Houghton. Five members of the committee retired, and the following were elected :—Messrs. J. Waywell, W. A. Proud, J. Orford, C. Nurse, and J. W. Starkey.

STOC'&'ING. Mr. KNIGHT-presented an interesting report on the stocking carried out by the Association, showing that since 1892 71);296 fiih had been placed in the waters. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the meeting.

Mr: Hector nacpherson is Scotland's youngest expert astronomer. Though ()illy 18, he has produced two notable astronomical works. When 12 he began to show a strong interest in dstroniunr, and a year ago he published his first book. entitled " Astronomers of To-day,"

TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY Take LaxatiVe Bromo-Quinine Tablbts. All Chernists refund the money if it Mils. E. W. Grove's name on; ach bog. Is. MI

===== 0002601_19070112_art0033.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
a

===== 0002601_19070112_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
- _

, *4. <S> • .N't it FINI 1 WOMEI

l_

===== 0002601_19070112_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Abbey ,Fnneral.—lt is stated that the funeral of Lady Burdett-Coutts at Westminster Abbey afforded the first instance of the interment of a woman within the Abbey by virtue of her own merit.- There is an analogous case in that of Mrs. Elizabeth Fry, but she was buried at St. Paursancl without any very exhaustive examination it would appear to he the fact that the Baroness Burdett-Coutts is the only woman to whom burial within the Abbey has been accorded except as a recognition of husband or father's rank, or public services, or on account of her exalted position as queen or memher of a Royal family. There is another woman still among us, upon whom a similar honour may possibly . be conferred, hut it is meet and right that the lady for ' whom a precedent should have been made was the dis- tinguished philanthropist whose benevolence found objects for its exercise in every part of the world. It is too, singularly appropriate that the remains of Lady Burdett-Coutts should lie beneath the shadow of the statue of the great Earl of Shaftesbury, of whom it is ' said that he was" endeared to his conntrymen by a long life spent in the cause of the helpless and suffering." ! Lord Shaftesbury was one of Lady Barr eft-Caitts' most ' valued friends, and it was she aaho unveiled the statue to his memory. Factory Workers' Dress.—Owing to influenza being epidemic in Preston, the Medical dfficer of Health has advised women workers to wear clogs and shawls, on leaving the mill: instead of "brown-paper shoes, and last summer's hats."—The advice may be good from the point of view of utility, although it is fairly well estab- lished that influenza is much more frequently contracted through defective ventilation, than exposure to cold. The doctor would probably say that the aesthetic aspect is of no importance in comparison -with the preservation of healtl-,-hut still it must be admitted that the clogs and woollen shawls whick are worn over the head tn so many industrial towns of Yorkshire and Lancashire. are by no means beautiful, and that in many other districts the women and girl workers would not consent to wear them for any consideration. The Northern factory worker might say with truth that the shawls and clogs are more becoming than the ordinary attire of a frictory girl in the east end of London, and that while clogs iceep the feet dry, the shawls are not only warm but very convenient, seeing that no time is wasted in putting them on or off. At the same time it is quite possible that there is a third course open, and that some service would be rendered to the community by any person who could devise a _dress for women workers which would be warm, comfortable, and at the genie time becoming. The Hot-Water Cure for Inflnenza.—Those who like Mr. J. R. Sims may have suffered from their hundred and forty-second attack of influenza, might well try the simple remedy advocated by Dr. G. S. Keith, of Edin- burgh. This is simply to go to bed, take no solid food, and drink only very hot water. it is said by many who have tried all kinds of treatment that this is the most speedy and effective cure. It has been recommended to Mr. Balfour, who has a painfully familiar acquaintance with influenza, and to this treatment he attributes his more than usually rapid recovery from his last attack. Games for Girls.—The discussion on " Games for Girls" at the Teachers' Conference, was not remarkable for illuminating ideas, but it pointed the moral that much may be done by organised effort. to help children in their school-gam. -Dy sun means the timid child, and the boisterous dominee.ingipone, were brought together upon more level terms, with advantage to both, and moreover it was possible to infuse into the games, more of the educational and elevating character than was the case if the children were -left to their own devices for amusement. For the rest we do not appear to be in any danger of neglect of games either for boys or girls. In fact, many parents would be inclined to sympathise with the mother who wrote to the teacher to ask that haa- daughter should not be taught so many skipping and other exercises because it wore out her boots, and the " oilcloth in the passage," and "made her eat something awful." In this we have gone from one extreme to another. Formerly girls were no sooner in their teens than the only exercise permitted them at school was the two and two parade, or" crocodile walk," as it is termed in the more figurative language of the present day. But nowadays, with the exception of football,girls indulge in all their brothers' games and on the whole they are the better for it. The danger is rather one of excess than of neglect, but the Conference will have done some good if it helps to promote the happy medium in such things. Society Weddings.—There is no doubt about a train of bridesmaids being a much more expensive affair to the bridegroom during the Tinter months, than at any other season of the year for at winter weddings the happy man is expected to present each" maid "with a muff of sable, ermine, or chinchilla, instead of the usual brooch or bracelet, and bouquet, deemed accept- able at other times. During the present month, over one hundred and fifty society weddings are to take place in London alone, and the dressmakere, jewellers, and florists, are reaping a rich harvest. Freaks of Fashion.—Coloured diamonds are the craze of the moment and in the jewellers' shops may be seen grey, green mauve, blue brown black, and yellow

diamonds, mounted in every conceivable way. Many coloured pearls too, are very fashionable and one well- known Society woman is rarely seen without a necklace composed of pink, grey, bronze, black, mauve, and yellow pearls. Black pearls are greatly sought after, but as they baao ne more and M 9113 rare so the price becomes more and more prohibitive. Sashes in Favour.--The sash is a favourite finish to young girls' airy-fairy dance dresses,soft Oriental satin being the fabric preferred for it. To be correct the sash should be caught somewhat low in front, with a pretty clasp, or brooch, and instead of a bow, at the back, the ends should he drawn through a small wreath of flowers, similar to the one destined to be worn in the hair. The long ends should then bh loosely knotted, and allowed to fall to the hem of the skirt.

ed Lace.—Dyed lace is as fashionable as ever,and many early spring toilettes shew a trimming of this description. Moreover the finer and more cobwebby the material of which the gown is built, the heavier as a rule, is the lace, a notion taken from last autumn's mode of bordering dresses of crêpe de chine, voile, and all similar fabric with bands and appliqutSs of velvet. A light weight fabric hemmed with a heavier one, makes generally for a graceful skirt, but one must exercise care that the bordering is not too heavy, or after a few times wearing, it will break away from the skirt fabric, a procedure which, needless to say, will spell complete disaster. Table Decoration.—Now that snowdrops and violets are making their appearance, it is as well to con- template the best methods whereby we may utilise these delicate spring blossoms for table decoration. At many of the large shops, little wheelbarrows in rush work, either natural or silvered over, are in evidence in the fancy departments and these filled with violets, or snowdrops—a layer of damp moss being arranged underneath—look particularly well. Little sacks of white sAtin too, lined with waterproof sheeting, and with a layer of wet moss at the bottom, make the prettiest possible receptacles for violets and snowdr ops. \Allen filled, two or three sacks should be tied together, with white or mauve ribbon, as the case may be. Another charming notion is to get a log—which should be covered with lichen, out of the woods, or from a florist. The centre shmuld then be hollowed out, filled with damp moss, and the violets and snowdrops arranged in clusters. Trails of small ivy over and aroma' the log, add to the beauty of this unique table decoration. _ _ .

MADGE.

PARALYSIS OF THE NERVES. UNABLE TO WALK FOR FOUR YEARS. MIRACULOUSLY CURED BY DR. CASSELL'S TABLETS.

Mr. 0. ABBOTT (late "* 0." Police Court Missionary), •• •• - 3v K • d Leicester, ::i::::•::p:iNtei:.:1:ii::. '''' " ' :'•:::::,*:::::;:3K:::::::**,:::,..::::.> , Gipsy " road till..a-i:4.;...::. - . / .... 1...:'....'•::,...1;:itri:.§:, writes, March 23rd, 1905 :- -Wl:°i was taken ill four yeaTs ::.:':':'..:::.:.:;:1:1::.:::.:.:::1:•1:. 4.:1.,•:-....1 ago with Paralysis of the Nerves. I have o been unable to walk ft time and from last ~:Nii; . ::....,..:'. ~.:......,... ~,•;,,,.. 7: .;i:i,:,iKi: tr S4ll:p_ 1:ii1::': ' :i::.::::.:-1"::;'' '.: -7/ i:' •:',..life: , s I .••••;:s:- .'5:::.:•....,:.?......,:z4•:..iri..,'A... Ibember was doctorconewlouldlyneve ' ,'''.s-.,.k::;*:•:13: t fined to my never w a l told amo i n f. a:-...4.:....4.." i.(:....::, i decided to try your -'11.,..\::;:::#.:4.4,:,...:4-.,',,:-:A1tt,i"i:?•,,?%1.1.;,:' tablets, and am pleased to .4.-",":,::::'''' ..I. .:V.".:::W&;:.n.1-A:$:-•;,„...,',:: A , y that the result was ,:".•;„A"lif?'":i,••:0,• sm airaculous. After ten l:,..."'Z,„„''' days' treatment I was able .:i.t..'?;o.•••?'•-•, to walk across my bedroom MR. 0. ABBOTT. until now I am able to INN. ihtahv the geraadi du aollfy mi k' improved, dress myself and walk in trahoe, gmairodee nw. ase known n this town, and I aslththeawnokraGtood for What y iou have done for Mr. J B. . „ cannot praise your treatment too Gipsy-road, attested to by . J. Leicester.

DR. CA.SSELL'S FLESH-FORMING AND STRENGTHENING TABLETS create Nerve, Blood, Healthy Flesh, Strength, Vitality, Prevent Premature Greyness, and delay Old Age Appearance. The remedy of doctors and smentiflo men ; the perfection of medicine for weak decaying nerves and body in young or old. Ask for DR. CASSELL'S FLESIt-FORMING AND STRENGTHENING TABLETS, price 10d. and 2s. 9d. per bottle. Sold by all Chemists, or post free from the famous Dr. Cassell's Co., Ltd., Bing-street West, Manchester. Advice free by letter.

Michael Prendergast, who was remanded to the Workhouse by the Manchester Bench on Wednesday, is under the impression that he is the King of England. He stopped people in Corporation-street to communicate the strange information, and added that he wou Id be crowned on March Bth next. Quite a titter went round the Carnarvonshire County Council on Wednesday when the Clerk announced that he had received a letter of apology for absence from Mr. W, P. Parry, Bethesda, on the ground" that he had had a fatal accident at his ("carry, and that the inquest waa to be held that day.

..= .. -3.11105111.7 .......• , :t..,,, 111231,1111 7 . .• . 6.1, AMMO , I MMO ...-- t . = . _ . iii... 2.... '"e...r,c-...., . - .. le^.7.v•• con. 7 4 r,..,..,... 1..7.,...L., C., .11M7R. - kffffZlG.o .i... 7.- 11.,..2.= ..2. . 4 g......-..,.., - 11-1.7 r, UM. 5114..... .I.P=-.......4 Itiii= C., .... ......_ „,,,....,..,,

===== 0002601_19070112_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
"gilliiiiiiimillillilligulinii4E9 , ~. N „,.. .., ~., . 4/I ' ht, ,

welcome change they will make in your condition.

Mrs. E. Beevers, of 5, Carlton-steet; Castleforkroad; Normanton, 'says :—For a long time I was depressed and miserable by ill-health. Everything seemed wrong with me, and I felt absolutely tired of life until I tried Bile Beans. Now I am healthy and happy. and shall always be thankful for the great good Bile Besans VI :rail; have done me." a Of all chemists, at.llli or 29 per box. P 11,1.0.114 Refuse all cheap sztidtates. 111M1 , rTill I I rain I!

t,..01P1

I.' , apa.

DON'T you tire of complaining that you "only middling" in health, and wish

that you could enjoy life like your healthy neighbours an friends? Those low-spirits, sick headaches, sleepless nights, those chest-pains after meals, that ever-present feeling of great weariness, and the many other little ills that make you cross and irritable are signs that you are low in tone. You need a course of Bile Beans to banish the troubles that are menacing your happiness, and tp restore the harmonious working of your liver, stomach, kidneys, and bowels. Bile Beans will revitalise your whole body, and enable you to " live " every day, not merely to drag through it. Try a course of Bile Beans for a week, and note what a

I =NMI ASWWI rallrgiSSl COLIZIMI

i .= =l.me m • • '-' •• , -,;„ :.. :-,'"*. -',147,__:i:.: X '..,..,:, &i:.,,,,,, . , Y.INNII MCMININI .3312MN1N1 .... M.SMINIM - =0 J. ...MOUND `"::.-47.• J '7 47, . c''''' 70. 1.44,1'...:',.„ litiii,-*• Do ).... ' 4'4 , 1:: ' ' .4;40,',,,, ,i'• • menis 1 . r,-.:-.'71.t....,..44, - .. ...... I— ... - --,........-v-, ......... *.... ---) fa A, , , -,. .-. --, , -----:-, ''..•ais -7.4, : . 71e1P.k',.. 1-.... Le.. :.*#.2%-%, t.V, .1: ~..., ... ... t.,! trtS . k 4..., - --- • .... ' 0, A •a , • >,..• ~.t.', . ' •••••.. ~,•-•'- a., .i.,- - .44;'"---94 '' -- ' ''''' il -1'•':g(,; , - - -'lt:l*.t: - .14.;,..,,e;1 11.C1 .- v. • ' .- - '. 4: . :.....4 irre n. . . . • . ..., ......, ....-"ail . ' .. . . . ' l' .. .

===== 0002601_19070112_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
11111111111111ffil

- . • • " - - _ _ _ _• • -

-7;7

===== 0002601_19070112_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIC,' TITS 1131SERVED.3

WRITTEN IN SCARLET,.

The Examiner, Saturday, January 12, 1907.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
BY ALICE MAUD MEADOWS,

Atthor of "One Life Between," "A Million oi Money," "The Extreme Penalty," "For LOTS of a Lady," "I Vargo You Both," &o.

CnAPTER THE CHIEF WARDER ON THE TRACK.

A man with a good joke---or what he considers 7% good joke against 'someone else, which circumstances compel him to keep to himself, is very often an annoying party. • Warder Sullivan was certainly a thorn in the flesh of Chief Warder Clark; he was always looking at him with a broad grin on his face; sometimes- ho burst out laughing for apparently no reason. As the chief warder had no clue to the mystery, it riled him considerably. So much so that more than once the men nearly came to blows.

"Look here ! " he said one day. "I don't know Ivhat you're always grinning and laughing at me for. If you're mad you ought to be locked up in a lunatic asylum; and if you're not you ought to go to prison for wilfully annoying and provoking 11, fellow-creature to violence. You've got some sort of joke, I suppose; well, let's hear it, and have done with it."

The two men were walking side by side; the one angry, the other laughing inwardly. "I should have thought, being the seventh son or the seventh child of a seventh child, and possessing the gift of second sight, you'd have been able to look into my mind and see what I'm laughing at," the other returned, "just as you were able to look into the safe and see who was hidden there. It's too funny!" He burst out laughing as he spoke—roared with laughter. Chief Warder Clark grew more nettled than ever.

"Well, if it wasn't a woman who had been hidden there, what was it ? " heosaid. "Have you any better explanation of the .blue funk he was in? You saw him trembling from head to foot, white as a ghost, terrified half out of his Wits— and then there was the handkerchief. Why, I'd have reckoned things up all right even without the gift of second sight! However, that's nothing to do with the question I asked you. I want to know why you always grin when you look at me? As for looking 'into your mind, you mustn't expect me to perform the impossible; if you had any mind I could see into it quick enough." Warder Sullivan looked vexed. "You needn't be rude," he said, huffily. "As for answering your question I decline to do so; I've a perfect right to look at you and roar with laughter if like. Perhaps something in your face amuser me. As for you, if you're so mighty clever, why don't you locate No. 27? Your gift of second sight would be worth something then. Well, our ways lie apart here. Good-day to you." - He laughed as he walked off, swinging the little basket in which his wife always, put him up some refreshments.. He had had hard work not to tell her all he knew. Human beings are So constituted that most find it very diffi2ult to keep anything to themselves. However, he had succeeded, though he often ached to impart the information—she would have opened her pretty eyes so wide. Chief Warder Clark walked on slowly, thinking to himself, wondering what the joke was Sullivan had against him. He had only grinned like this since the morning after the convict had escaped— was it possible he knew anythirw of the where- abouts of the convict? Was thate.the joke? "He was always partial to Gentleman Jim," he said to himself, always ..favoured him; and yet I don't think he would have connived at his escape, or help-to hide him after he had escaped, he's too practical a man for that, his place means too much, to him. Still, he might know something without having aided and abetted. I'll keep my eye on him." He walked on slowly, and after a time a boy overtook him. He carried- a square, covered basket in one hand, swinging it at his side. The chief warder knew him quite well, it was Mr. Beatty, the chemist's, boy. "Hullo, Bill," he said, "where are you off to ? I didn't know there were any houses in this direction."

The boy moderated the pace at which he had been walking. "There's old Dignal's cottage," he said. "The poor old chap's been ill fonasomo days; came down to our place for medicine pretty. well every day—yesterday and to-day he didn't come, so I've taken it upon myself to go and look him up, to see if there's anything I can do for him or his pretty daughter. You knew, didn't you, that he had a pretty daugirjter ? " Chief Warder Clark shook his head.

"Well, he has," the boy said—"as pretty a one as you'll find in a day's march. If I was a bit older, and in better circumstances, there's no knowing what might not happen. If you've got nothing better to do you might come with me, just to see what you think of my taste." Clark laughed. "All right, youngster," he said, "1 wanted a bit of a stretch; but you're too young to think of sweethearts." They walked on, talking of one thing a`nd another. Of the escape of the convict; the wedding of John Brandon and Celia Verde, and gossip they had heard. The boy liked the company of the prison warder; felt rather grand to be walking with him. When they reached the cottage where Dignal they paused a moment before they knocked. It all seemed very silent; not a sound was to be heard. Was it possible anything had happened to the old man? And then, all, of,a sudden, they heard a man's voice—not the voice of old Dignal, though it was eomplaining, querulous. "I 'want to know where I am," it said—"where I am; and who brought me here. I don't know anything, and I don't know you." Chief Warder Clark started, and looked at the boy strangely. A tingling of excitement went all through him.

"Yo-u are in Dignal's cottage," came the answer in a girl's soft voice. "You have hurt yourself, and we are taking care of you—you'll soon be well now."

Warder Clark said "Hush!" to the boy, crept along the side of the cottage -until he came to the window, and tried to look in; this, however, he found impossible to do, but he heard the man speak again. . "How did I hurt myself? I can't remember hurting myself." "And I don't know how you did it," she answered, "I haven't asked any questions. Father says you are his brother; if that's so, you must be my uncle, but you seemed too young—you--" A sharp tug at Warder Clark's arm drugged b;im away from the window. Bill glared at -him with flashing eyes. "What are you prying into ? " ha said. "What right have you to go -eavesdropping under a window? I wouldn't have brought you here if I'd thought you were that kind of man; come away. If you want to see into the house, go. through the door, like an honest man ! " Chief Warder Clark laughed. "They wouldn't ; let'me," he answered. "DO you know who they've ' got in there? Can you keep a secret—you must keep this one, any way. They've got No. 27, Gentleman Jim, him who escaped from the prison the .other night. I'm sure of it, certain —just as sure as though there had been no I curtain to the window. I've got the gift of , second sight, and I see things Ahers don't. I heard his voice too—a slow, gentlemanly voice. I suppose, he hurt himself trying to get away, and old Dignal is harbouring him for the sake of what he'll get—he'll be lucky if it's not a few years' penal for himself!" , The boy's face fell. "I don't believe it," he said, "and if it is so, it's my fault you'*e found out, and you'll be a sneak if you tell. Any way, I shall warn them; I'm fond of her." "You won't do anything of the liind ! " the man answered, and, catching the boy's arm, began to drag him away. "You hold your tongue. And you need not think "—this seemed to him an occasion upon which one might be excused for liying—"you need not think I hadn't, my sus- picions. I had. I was on my way here when you overtook me. The old man hasn't been ill at all, he was only pretending. The convict is the sick man—he'll be sicker before we have done with him; and you, too, if yon don't mind what you're up to. Why, do you know what would happen to you if you went against the Govern- -ut and warned this man ?"

The bcy gave a twist in the man's hands, but he did not get free.

- "No," hcrnsercd. alone, or I'll bIICIV you

"You jolly well leave me

"You'd get locked up, certain sure," Warder Clark said; "perhaps for ten years. Half a century ago you'd have been hanged for such au

airair—it's treason. , Now, you keep quiet, and I'll see you don't lose by it. 1 should like tc have all the _honour and glory of catching thif man."

The by continued to struggle,'" )-_.:4t Warder Clark led him onward, not relaxing his grasp in the least.

"You'd better make sure 110 is your man first," the boy said. "You'd leek foolith if he 'isn't. Let me go, will you. - If you don't I'll.kick ! " "If you kick, I'll cuff, Clark 'answered, "so look out. Don't be a foolish boy. Here you've a chance of distinguishing yourself—at least, I don't quite mean that, because; of couise, all the credit of finding this man is due to me. But if you'll hold your tongue, I'm your fr?end for life. You're, fit for something better 'than to be a chemist's boy. You ought to get on in the world, as I have, and you would if you had someone to help you a little—push, you ea! Now, you hold .your tongue for a day or two in ty take me all that time to make assurar.,!e doubly sure—and when you're old enough I'll get you on the prison staff. How would you like that, eh ? " He spoke affably, persuasively; he laughed pleasantly. The boy's eyes shone his colour rose; it, had always seemed to him to be a grand thing to be a prison official, to have the right tt. go in and out of. the prison, to see the prisoners every day. Some of the men, he knew, at times, when the convicts worked outside the walls, stood over them with loaded guns; had the right to fire at them as one would at a wild beast if they tried to get away. That see;l.ed a,glorious thing! He was certainly,tempted. But he thought of the pretty girl and the old flther: If he kept silence he would get them both into trouble. Perhaps they would have to go to prison. sit was not to he thought of! He was just thinking of refusing, When it suddenly occurred to him that even if he promised he need not perform. If he didn't promise perhaps he would be locked up, and all chance of warning the Dignals would be gone. A slow smile crossed his face. Warder Clark had noted his rising colour, his shining eyes. Ho bAieved the boy would do as he wished.

"All right," he said, "I'll hold my tongue. But you won't he harder on them—l mean the old man and his daughter—than you can help, will you E. Perhaps they don't know the man's a convict."

Wardel-. Clark released the boy, but watched him narrowly. "I'll see everyone's let down lightly," he answered. "As you say, likely as not they don't know the man is a convict. I'm ping to give you a "shilling now, my boy, and that'll be only the beginning of all I'm going to do for you." The boy, took the coin, smiled, and slipped it into his pocket. "And you won't forget about ei2eing I'm made a warder when I get older?" he said: "I won't forget," Warder Clark answered. "You keep your mouth shut, and this will be the best day of your life—the very best ! " They walked back to the village, chatting pleasantly, and parted there. The boy made a great show of going towards his home but as soon as he was out of the sight of Warder Clark -he doubled back, and was soon hastening at his top speed towards Dignal's cottage. Like most boys who read a lot of rubbishing literature, a convict was a sort of hero to him. Why, Jack Sheppard and Claud Duval were prismiers once—splendid fellows like' that, chaps that were afraid of nothing! . This man might be, probably ,was, a hero too. He had escaped from prison, and Shouldn't be re-taken if Bill could help it. Besides, if he were taken at the cottage of Mr. Dignal it would injure pretty Ruth. The thing was not to be thought of. _ _ . . _

He took a different route from that he had travelled before that day, hiding behind trees as much as possible. He had no fear that he was being followed, but to pretend that he was probably gave an added zest to the adventure. When he reached. the cottage he was very hot, very breathless. He knocked softly, so softly that he had to repeat it. Then he heard a light footfall; his boyish heayt beat very loudly—she was coming! She opened the door • slowly, not very wide. Bill put his hand on his lips. "Hush!" he said, in a dramatic whisper. "Let me in—all is not lost; there is yet time. I left the minion of the law. far away, but not a moment must be wasted!"

"Why, Bill,"

She looked at him and laughed. she said, "have you gone silly ? " He shook his head. "Let me in," he said again. "I tell you I know all; this isn't the first time I have been here to-day. What makes your father do such a thing? It's dangerous— dangerous. Everyone heard the guns on Thursday night, everyone will suspect." Some glimmer of the truth came to her; sbe laughed quietly. "Come in, you silly boy," she said, "but don't make a noise. We've a sick man here, though you need not talk about it. Father, for some reason or other, wants the thing kept quiet. I know I can trust you." Ile slipped into the tiny passage, hat in hand, and shut the door softly. "You might trust me with your life," he awiwered. "You know, of course, that I love you, though I don't expect any return. only a boy earning five shillings a week. I couldn't ask a woman to share that, especially as mother takes four shillings. Miss Dignal, as I look at you it seams to me I read truth in your eyes. Is it possible you are in the dark—that you don't know who the sick man is ? "

She nodded, smiling pleasantly. she returned. "Do you 9" Ho came nearer to her ; he spoke in a very low, stage whisper. "Yes, he said, "I know. Are we quite alone? Is there anyone near who can hear 9" "No one," she answered. "Father had to go to the next village to-day: you and I are quite alone, excepting for the sick man."

"Quite true,"

They had entered the little parlour now; the room in which the sick man lay had once been a part of it, and been partitioned off—the partition did not reach the ceiling. As Ruth spoke, the invalid opened his eyes, looked about him wonderingly, as he always did; seemed worried and puzzled; sat up. He was lying on a bel, fully dressed; he had, just before lie dropped off into a drowsy sleep, stated his intention of going out. Ruth had dissuaded him; had begged him to wait until her father returned, and he had consented. Now he forgot all about that—only felt he wanted exercise.

Bill perched himself on the table, and glanced towards the partition. "He's ,in there ?". Bill ,said i the question an 63sertion. ye The sick man lifted his head, and listened. "You've been- sitting with him, perhaps looking after him ? " "Yes." , The boy dropped his voice, but his words were still quite audible. - "You wouldn't have had you known who he is," he said. "You'd have been frightened out of your life. You know a pri,soner escaped from Dartmoor last night? • - - _

The girl grew- pale. A strange look flashed across the face of the man who listened—a waiting, anxious horrified look. - -•- "Of course," :he returned; "I heard the guns. What of that 9"

Bill swung his legs carelessly. "Oh, only that the man in the next room is he! Don't scream, there's nothing to scream about—l'm here to look after you. For some reason or other your father is harbouring him. Perhaps he hag. wr.""

0 r filen ws, I L ; -a pcooLL,.., on some business of his that-he's away to-day. Well, I've come to warn you. (inc of the warders at Dartmoor knows the mini's here; he'll probably be at this cottap Eome time to-night, and take him. It's a pity yourlather isn't at home to tell you what,to do; you don't want the poor fellow taken, of course:" The man in the next room leant forward, a .strange, strained look upon his face. Was that the truth? he wondered. The back of his head had been injured, ached horribly, be couldn't remember anything—hut it seemed impossible he could be a convict. And yet, why not? He couldn't say just now what he was, or had beer. He looked at his hands; they were bronzed, firm, almost hard, but they did not look like hande that had worked greatly. He put his hand up to his head, wincing as he touched the back. The hair was certainly very short. 'Did that mean what the boy said .was -true? That he had escaped from a convict prison? Was he in danger of being re-taken? - "I won't be ! " he said. "I won't be! I'll have a fight for it. If I've gained my liberty I'll keep it, but I don't remember. It will come back to we, of course, but I don't remember now." Me heard the girl speaking; her voice trembled. 001 a, what ehall we do!" she said. "No, he must not be taken; father would .never forgive • rue. He must have his reason, of course, tor acting as he does; and yet, if I tell ~this man, I don't think he'll understand. He's ill, silly in a way, poor fellow, and I can't believe he's what you say—he doesn't look like it." Bill leant very near to her. "Isn't he wearing the clothes?" he asked. "You know, the broad arrow clothes?"

"No," she said, quickly, "he isn't." The boy drew a deep breath. "That makes things easier," he said; "but he has had them, you may depend upon that. Your father .has probably, got him others—l expect he's been paid over and over again for them. Well, silly or no, you must get him away; there's no doubt he's the man—none whatever. It's perfectly well known that the escaped convict is still hiding in the neighbourhood; everyone is on the watch for him' and now orie man knows he is here. What sort of a looking chap is he ? " _ _

She coloured 'faintly; she could not have told why. The boy's eyes darkened with jealousy. "Very handsome," she said—"very, very hand- some, and he talks like a gentleman. Shall I have to tell him he's found out? Poor fellow! I left him sleeping like a baby." A For all that; he was very wide awake now, and trembled like a leaf. He was so in the dark, his brain had not yet recovered from the blow his brother had given him. He heard, and could not say it was not true, that he was an escaped convict; that the police were searching for him; that someone was coming to that very cottage to take him back to prison—to prison which he could not in the least remember, but which was, he was sure, a terrible, terrible place. " "You must wake him up," the boy said. "You must make him- understand he's got to be got away. I'll help you all I can. l'll"—he hesitated an instant—"l'll even take him somewhere and hide him, if you'll say I may dolhat for your sake; and it will be for your sake, because if he's found here I expect both I and your father Will be sent to prison!" The man behind the partition rose. He must get away; he was injuring, putting in danger, these folk who for some reason or other had sheltered him. He put his hand in his pocket ansl took out a handful of money, gold and silver, then a note. He looked round for his hat, and very silently, very stealthily, he crept away. When Ruth and Bill at length looked into the room, it was empty. Pinned to the quilt was a banknote value ten pounds; otherwise there was no sign of the sick man. "Gone!" Ruth said.

"Gone!" the boy repeated. "He heard our conversation, of course, and has stolen off. Well, after all, it's the best thing he could have done. This note, and his, stealing away, is proof positive that he is what Warder Clark thought him—No. 27, the escaped convict ! " The girl covered her eyes with her hands. "I don't believe it ! " she said, and burst into tears. "Oh, let us go and look for him ! Poor fellow! poor fellow! He's ill —who knows what may happen to him ? " Bill's rather heavy brows drew together. "He won't mind what happens so long as they don't take him," he answered. "Ruth "—he caught her hand—"l believe you've fallen in love with him ! " She looked up defiantly, her face rosy red, her eyes shining through her tears. "You believe," she answered. "Well "—she threw up her head—"you're welcome to believe what you like. As for me "—she laughed excitedly —"I know I have, and they shan't take him— whatever he has done, they shan't take him!"

CHAPTER XXII. WARDER CLARK ON THE WARPATH.

After Bill had left him, Chief Warder Clark walked along, thinking deeply. He had located the convict;, the man was ill; he could take him whenever he liked. Honour and glory, promo- tion and reward would be his; they would also be dealt out to anyone whom he should get to help him. Human nature is proverbially selfish; to be able to say "Alone I did it "is the desire of most. Whatever honour and glory, promotion' and reward was going Warder Clark thought he should best like to keep to himself. "No one ever gave me a leg up," he said to himself; "why should I help others? No, I'll take this man alone, or with a little unofficial help:. What's the good of being specially equipped by nature, as I am, with the gift of second sight, if I share my knowledge with others ? "

_ He had no doubt of the bonafides of the boy, Bill's, promise; the romance of a convict prison seemed something stupendous to hint. He wanted to be a warder; perhaps, in time, if he was very lucky, a chief warder. He would hold his tongue. Besides, having gained one shilling, he would, of course, want more. "This is a bit of business that has got to be very carefully handled," Warder Clark said to himself. "Theis many as couldn't handle it, because it requires brains, but perhaps there is one as can. We shall see what we shall see." Be met Warder Sullivan as he strolled through the village, and when that individual looked at him. .nyvi ;..4-„ •a silent

PIANOS and ORGANS by the

score In BERRY STREET you'll find the store, Lowest prices, richest tones, You'll always get from RICHMOND JONES.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
A CHALLENGE LINE

OUR Challenge fliodeo PRICES:

26 GUINEAS, 106 per month.

£22 155.. nett. cash.

RICHMOND JOE; & ANS,

11, and 13, BERRY ST., LIVERPOOL Write for our Art Catalogue.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070112_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
-

(To be continued.)

langldr, • tie returned 'the &in] pl Mr* L "He laughs best Who laughs Cast," he said to himself.- "I wouldn't tell him what I know—no, not for a pension!" He spent his off-time walking about and think- ing, then he went back to the prison. At six o'clock he was off duty. ."I'll go to the Pig and Whistle," he said to himself; 'there:ll be plenty'of yokels there only too ready and willing to earn a shilling, if there are any knocking about. They shan't know a word about, my find until I march Gentleman Jim back, to the prison. I'll take my pistol in case he . shews fight. if he does, • I'm perfectly justified in shooting." He made his way to the licensed house in question. A number of men were sitting there smoking and drinking; he looked at each with what he considered a penetrating, second-sight look, choosing his instruments. Then, having made his selection, he spoke in a whisper to four of them—would they care to earn a couple of shillings? Naturally, being fond e beer and tobacco, they would. if so, they were to meet him at a particular spot at nine o'clock. As chance had it it was a dark night. Chief Warder Clark was first at the place of rendezvous, but the others turned up with, praiseworthy punctuality. Chief Warder Clark swore them to secrecy— which, considering they were far away from anyone else, was not absolutely necessary—then imparted his information. "Remember," he said, "he's a desperate man. don't suppose for a moment he'll have firearms, though he may—it would be possible, of course— but he'll fight for his life. We must creep up to the house; while you watch the windows, I'll enter by the door. If you hear me whistle come to my assistance; if not, stand by." "All right, Captain," one of the men answered, with a grin. "If there's any danger you'll let us know; if there ain't,, if he'll conic like a lamb, you'll handle the job alone." Warder Clark frowned. "No Baum!" he said. "This is to be a one-hand job, if human pluck and nerve can make it so; if it can't, I'm not going to attempt the impossible. Fall in there— mark time—quick march ! " He .put himself at their head, and two and two, laughing and jeering under their breath, as perhaps was only natural, they followed. "Should say it's a mare's nest, shouldn't you ? " one asked another. "If Warder Clark has located the escaped convict, it's the first thing he ever has located." .

"Gxeept the Pig and Whistle," the other returned. And with a loud guffaw the two men enjoyed the splendid joke. Warder Clark looked round. "Silence there i ne said in a voice of authority. "Silence, for your lives! You don't know the man as I do. Tread softly, and bridle your tongues, or it may be the worse for you!" The night was very dark. As they walked along they passed a man who crouched behind a hedge —a man who knew he was frightened, whp knew he must hide, but had forgotten-why. A man who had been wandering about for hours, avoiding human eyes, as far as possible; his heart beating loudly, painfully; his head aching, and aching, ana aching I

===== 0002601_19070112_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DOCTOR S RECIPE.

Currant bread should always contain a sufficiency of fruit. Sir Francis Laking recommends the combination of one part of currants with three parts of dough ; these proportions give us a bread liberally enriched with currants and in every way calculated to promote health and aid digestion. Currant bread should be thinly cut ; by this means the fruit is sliced through, and the bread is not only more deliciouily flivoured but also looks much nicer than when cut thick.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDDING OF MRS. H. BROADBENT.'

There was t large and fashionable assembly on Satur- day afternoon at the handsome church of All Saints', Enmsmore gardens, London, when Mr. Arthur Henry Dillon, elder son of the late Hon. Conrad Dillon, add nephew of Viscount Dillon, of Ditchley, Oxfordshire, was married to Mrs. Hilda Broadbent, widow of the late Mr. Charles • Harold Broadbent, J.P., of Upton Hayes, Chester, and daughter of the Right Hon. Sir John Brunner, Bart., P.C., M.P. for the Northwich Division of Cheshire, of Druids Cross, Wavertree, Liverpool; Winnington Hall, North wich, Cheshire; and 9, Ennismore-gardens, London, S.W. The service was semi-choral, and the chancel was arranged with tall palms and white flowering plants. The ceremony was conducted by the Rev. Francis Dillon, vicar of Tulney, assisted by the Rector of All Saints' Church. The bride, who arrived in good time, was accompanied by Sir John Brunner. who, during the singing of a nuptial hymn conducted her to the chhncel entrance and then gave her away. She was much admired in a gown of very pale grey cloth ornamented with lace, and grey hat trimmed with grey ostrich feathers. She wore no ornaments, and looked stately walking up the aisle of one of the most artistically decorated churches of London. Captain Eric Dillon (brother of the bride- groom) acted as best man. There were neither brides- maids nor pages. Among those present at the church were Viscount and Vicountess Dillon, Sir George and Lady Mary Dashwood, Miss Dashwood, Lady Brunner, Lady Heneage, Miss Cecil Heneage, Lord and Lady Belhaven, Sir Seymour and Lady Bland, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Wightman, Mrs. Herbert Norman, General Sir Martin Dillon, Miss Monkhouse, Mr. E. R. Broadbent, Dowager Lady Blois, Misses Blois, Mr. and Mrs. Guy Gold, Mr. Ridley Smith, Miss Smith, Sir Robert Hermon Hodge, Mr. and Mrs. Lee Dillon, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Harbord, Mrs. John Brunner, Miss Brnnuer, Master Brunner, Miss Rosalind Gordon Ives, Mr. Victor Gordon Ives, Mr. R. Grant Reynolds, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Ponsonby, Miss Stanton, Miss R. Stanton, Miss Hilda Dillon, Mrs. Taylor, Sir Ernest Tritton, Bart., Mr. and Mrs. Audrey Blight, Mr. Henry Holland, Mr. Ross M`Gillycuddy, Mrs. T. W. Buckley, Mr.and Mrs. Parker Lowe, &c., After the reception, held by Lady Brunner at 9, Ennismore Gardens, S.W., which was very large attended,Mr.and Mrs. Arthur Dillon left for their honeymoon tour in the South of England. The presents numbered 400 and were from a large circle of Lancashire and Cheshire relations and friends of both families.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
LATE JURYMAN FINED.

Mr. F. S. M'Lean, who was snmmoned at the St. Helen's County Court on Wednesday to serve on a jury, was fined 40s. for failing to answer to his name when the jury were called upon. He entered the court shortly afterwards but was too late.

In Buying Soap

support it.

FELS-NAPTHA 39 Wilson street London EC

remember that Fels-Naptha soap sells on its merits as an easy, quick and perfect washer. It doesn't need coupons or prizes to boom it.

It doesn't require a Trust to

It stands by the people and the dealer who are standing and have stood by Fels-Naptha. 2Y2d. a bar everywhere. Money back if you don't like it.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- . -.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• ;4_ ' I - -L

===== 0002601_19070112_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
BARBER'S RASH COVERED NECK

After Effects of S Way ng Rash Broke Out and Skin Became Very Sore—lnfection Prevented and a Very Unsightly Skin Trouble

QU!CKLY CURED BY . CUTICURA REMEDIES

“The rash broke out the morning fol- lowing. a shave at a strange barber's, the Aka being very sore under chin. The following day white mattery pim- ples spread along the neck for four days. I applied the Cuticura Ointment about twice daily, and also used the Cuticve-a Soap, when the whole rash began to dry up, and in about three or four a 4-1-5, gradually died away. I had no Deell .of any other advice as the prom,T, and continued application Of Cuticu.s. cured the infection, and pre- vented a very serious and unsightly skin trouble. One large box Cuticura Ointment was used in the cure. Of course there are a dozen other little ail- ments, we used it for cuts, sun rash, chaps, chafings, and any skin irritations. The only thing is the Cuticura. Ointment is certainly a little more expensive than other makes, but is by far the best. You have my pt,rrnissien to publish this if .-ou choose. James Selman, 1 Rob- erts St., Liverpool, May 18, 1906.”

===== 0002601_19070112_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR WOMEN Cuticura and Cuticura Soap Are Indeed Priceless.

Too much stri.-2,17s cannot ha placcl on the great value to women el Cuticura Soap, Cuticura Ointment, and Cuticura Pills in the local and constitutional treat- ment of inflaturnatiotis, itchings, irrita- tions, relaxations, displacements and pains, as well zits such sympathetic affec- tions as namnia, chlorosisl hysteria, Derv-

ousnes.s and debility. Now other. treat- •ment is so pure, so sweet, so economical, so speedily successful. For the treat- ment of torturing and disfiguring humours of infants and children Cuti- cura Remedies are invaluable.

Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Bum. Iv of Infants, Children, and Adults consists of Cuti- aura tiap (Is.) to Cleanse the Skin, Cutieurit Ointment (2,. 64.) to Heal the skin nd Cutieura Pills (Chocolate Coated, is. 30. pet vial of 60) to Purify the Blood. A Single Set often Cures. Sold throughout the world. Depots: London, Newhery, 97 Charterhouse Sq.; Paris, Roberts, 5 Rue de la Pain; Potter Drug Chem. Corp.. Sole Props. Mailed Free. "AU About the Skin and Scalp."

===== 0002601_19070112_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGHER EDUCATION IN CHESHIRE.

At a meeting of the Higher Education Committee of Cheshire County Council, the Clerk was instructed to arrange for a three years' tenancy of the gymnasium at tbe Y.M.C.A., Wallasey, in connection with the Girls' High School, Wallasey, and that the use of the hall be for the whole school year, at a rental of £lB per annum. Dr. Markel, of Warrington, has been appointed to repre- sent Cheshire County Council on the governing body of kVarrington Grammar School, and Messrs. G. B. Baker-Wilbraham and .1. Royds and Dr. Bennett on the governing body of Sandbach Grammar School. The following instalments of grants have been made to the following secondary schools : Wallasey Grammar School, 22.60 • Calday Grange Grammar School, £123 ; Crewe Secondary School, £230; Hyde Secondary School, £jo; and Macclesfield Girls' High School, £llO. The Education Committee have approved and promised financial support of the proposal of a new secondary school at Hyde, and have expressed their opinion that a secondary school at Sale for girls should be recog- nised by the county authority, aud that such school should be transferred to the County Council if satisfactory terms can be arranged. The committee have received an important letter from the Board of Education with regard to schemes for county secondary schools. Mr. W. N. Brae writes :—" lam to explain that the Board make schemes for the regulation of individual schools under certain statutory powers,which are only exercisable when the school has, in the form of buildings or otherwise, some definite endowment, sub- ject to a charitable trust. They would not be prepared to draw up schemes for schools of other kinds and to affix their seal thereto, as the adoption of that course might give the impression that the schemes had, or were intended to have, some force and authority which they would not really possess. The Director of Education said there was a school at Pickmere (in the Lymm district) with only nine chil- dren on the registrar. It was the smallest school in Cheshire.—Dr. Hewitt: How far is the nearest school ? Mr. Ward : Not mire than two miles. It was decided that the ss.holars should be drafted to other schools.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
A Daring Fox

The meet of the South Cheshire hounds on Tuesday was at Combermere Abbey. Among others bunting were Lord Puwis, Lady krtimr Grosvenor, General and Lady Pole-Carew, Lord Kenyon, Mrs. Corbet, Mr. Algernon Stanley, Lord- and Lady Crichton, Lord Gerald Grosvenor, and Baron Schroder. A fox which jumped up in the Island cover almost immediately. went to ground. Hounds afterwards drew blank that once famous cover - Wrenbury 3losses. While the hounds were breaking up a fox which was chopped in the park below the keeper's lodge, another fox which fled from the Rhododendrons picked up a chicken by the stables, and, despite a bus-and-cry raised by the stable boys, ,carried it off to the woods. A. racing burst of twelve minutes' duration from the Bridge cover, over Combermere Park, to ground at Burley Dam partially redeemed a disappointing day.

ACCIDENT. \

Mr. .1, G. Mullins, President of the Earlestowu Co-operative Society, met with a nasty accident last Thursday morning while at his work in the Viacluet- Works. Coming down a Indd,?r, his foot slipped and he fell on his back. The back of his head was badly cut, and bled crofusely. After a time he walked home with assistance; and Dr. Watkins stitched up the wound which appears so far to be going on well.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEI

===== 0002601_19070112_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IifiNEMBI

===== 0002601_19070112_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
Etn eramtntr 'trte OF WEBR-END NRWSPAPBRS COMPRI33S 1- 711H11 WARRINGTON & MID-CHRSHIRE 13XAMINIIR. 1 published every Sa,urday morning. The principal And the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington' Stockton Heath, Pfriketti, Winwiek, Parigate, Lymm, ,to., being one of the Largest and Bmit Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district c wered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tram, in South Lanca- shire and rdid-Cheshire. Mini RUNCORN BXAMINER, published every Saturday 1 morning. It is the best ayeekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. 'FHB WIDNES RXAMINRR, published every Saturday 1_ morning. Widnes contains the lergest nunater of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a apidly growing centre of Industry. MHB BARLBSTOW N AND NRWTON IsX VON'S R. 1.. published every int Way morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Parlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Oolborne. Havdock. Lowton. tn. The district thus mpris -d is a .37, inoplrtint pin of the Lancashire wal- las. THR ST. HELRNS EX kYINBB, published every -L faturday morning, circulating in St. Helens, Prescot, Parr. Sutton, Peasley en's. Ste • the centre of the Gls -I, Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID A DVu'ETISEMENTg. APARTMENTS WANTEr- HOUSES WASTI3D. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE 9 OLD. ARTICLFIS LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FUUND, Ml•-iCELLANROUS SALES. One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. fid. ... ls. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s• 9d. 27 ... Os. 9:1. ... Is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Cd. 36 ... Is. Od. ... 2s. 63. ... 4s. Od. ... 6s. CA. 45 ... Is. 3d. ... 3s, Id. ... ss, Od. ... 7s. 01. 54 ... ls. 6d. ... 3s. 2d.. ... 6s. Od. ... IC's. Cd.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Bomeqtir Rperbantq, etr.

1/1 V ANT ID. good GHN KRA.L.—CHILDREN'd HOME. Marrhde.le rd., F.outhport.

eLrpo.-081.pply with reference, 48. W A NiIPIFIraDRV GPLAciIrNHIRisA

. . WA NtoTrsl) qvgy74l3l,HßuAitts,T fotprlvnantees foa:.:.ILIT.. of four;

WANTED a SERVANT GIRL about 16.—Apply Mn; JACTOON, 41, Newmarket it., Wigan.

WANTED GBNBRAL, about 20, tl wash, two clalleren, gold references.-32, STioxy RD.. Bootle.

TANTE!) a good SRRVANT age about 22--Apply Mrs. HDOE, Feven Stars Hotel, tandish, Wigan.

IN7 ANTFD neat mp.ld as CI-WIRRAL—Apply BCFCER9LEY, V Marritozburst, Bro-A'antis near Manchester.

ANTUD good stong GENBEAL SHRVANT, used ta V chlleren;age atont 30. —Apply 33,Jounost BT.,Tvldesley

WANTED experienced GENERAL. Wages £lB. —Mrs. 8181ETT,25 Clyde rd. West Dldsbnry near Si.nchester.

WANTIM good COOK-GENBRAL , ab'e to wash ; housemaid kept.—Mrs. CARE. Woodlands, Atherton.

WANTRD. a HOUSEMAID, age about /?..3.—Anpl7 Mrs. Josx KaowLze, Westwood Lane, Lower Ince, near Wigan.

WANTBD, at once. good MINIMAL tiBILVANT.—AppIy Mrs. KERMODE, Wekiva, Blundell avenue, Birkdale, Southport.

ANTBD exp.riencei PIP, SON, for bon sework ; no washing ; references.-14. EDWARD ST., Wernet 13,

01 dham .

WANT if D strong MAMMAL SHRVANT, from 2005 years of rtge.—Apply UNTOIIN INN. Winwick rd.. Warrington.

I ADY, ctomesticated, fond ef children. Wants Poet as Housekeeper to gent.—Letter, 23, REGENT RD. A:trinensm.

s-v ANTBD experienced GENERAL for Parb old; wash and plain cook.—Apply Mrs. BOND, Tan Houle. Parbold, near Southport.

WANTRD, healthy respectable Girl as GHNIIRAL ; all duties ; wAges £l2.—Apply 87, RUMFORD ST., C.-on-M., Manchester.

WANTPD immediately after New Year, HOUSIIMAID- WAITRES4, wages £l3.—Mrs. Teassm, The Park, Wilrr s'ow. Cheshire.

WANTRD, experienced GRNBRAL ;_ small tamily, reference required ; wages, £22.—" PARICSIDE, Blackpool rd., Lytham.

VirANTED, COOK-GBNFRAL at one'; alto Generals, good wages and fares pald.—Mrs. PAINBRIDGE, IC4, Greenway at., Darwen. WANTBD at once a good ; rge from 17 to 20; no wpshlng.—Apply PRINCE OF WALES INN, WooThonse lane, Wigan.

V 7 NTBD at once CIPNBRAL ; able to wash and fond of V children ; good references indispensable.—RosLYs, Grimehaw lane, Ormakirk.

TATANTI, D YOUNG GRNBRAL. Ihre. Fmall wath. lifferrucPs requIred.—PARTINGTCIf, `e.7, West- bury rd., Crumpsall. Manchester.

WAITED, HPI.7SEMAIr-WAV RUSF ; comfortable bcsre ; good vages.—Apply. Mrs. tiUMNETI, 41, St. Thomas's rd., C horley.

WANTED goof] COOK-GENERAL ; part wash; small family ; wsw-s £22.—Address, W.H., " Examiner' Cffiee, Warrington.

WANTRD, IJeful HELP. not o,er 21, for housework ; goOd home and wages.—Apply Mrs. H. SPF.NCFR, Avondale, Heaton Moor, near Stockport.

-VURSE-HOUSllMAlD.—Fxrerlenerd GIRL wanted; gond needlewornan ; me hatv.—Apply POSTREVOR, 28, Clyde rd.. W,st. Didebnry, Manchester.

\IvTNLD. young to trairk a. Small family. Two maids kept. Some washing—. Address J. 8., " lixaminer "Uffie, Warringt)n.

WANTED At once HOUSI4MMD-WAIT4RSS. Cook- Geteral kept ; family two; wages P.D.—Mrs. W. NEWETGGING, Sandhayfn, St, Anne-on-ea.

lk 4 BS. BIIO3IAGB, 71. Brighton if. Feacornhe, Liverrool, tvj requires :11! ',drag of DOMBSI IC SPRVANTS, good Cook-Generals Wanted at once ; good wages givei.

iv A Velin eremeg eoodrequGißreNd'gßitpLp.ly Obneetvrewenho2 and 3. 72, GARNEIT AvENuE. Ktrird,4l,. Liverpcol.

WANTBD. In Februerv. an experiencPd ci)(ix GIBNBRAL and Iif'UBBMAID —Apply Mre. LEWIS " trey Ciab'es," Bolton rd., Atherton.

CARR.

ANTHD, COOKS, Kitehenmaids, WaitrFsses, boffin Housemaid Waitresses, Cook-Generals, 220, £22 private.—PIRESTON'S, 41, Charles St., Blankpool.

ALL SERVANTS requlrrng reliable SITUATIONS, apply 134, NEWBAYR RD., Blackburn, Lancashire. No book- ing fees. Letters answered. Stamo reply. -

WVANTRD TWS-COOK-GRNRRALS ; one for hotel in Wales, one for Plom,rh T-fo'el, Lvmm, Cheshire.— Apply T. F. HOLLIWELL, Plough knd Railway Hotel, Lymm, Cheshire.

WANTHD an active young person as GHNHHAL for two Ladles. Woman comes to Wash. state wages. Protestant—Mrs. JACKSON. Hill Crest, North rd., Clayton, Manchester.

‘ITABTRD a MINERAL SRRVANT from 16 to 2: for farm, one that on milk or not; also a strong Youth from 14 to 16; state wages,most be good milker.—qoDDAßD, -farmer, Cheadle, Cheshire.

WANTED good GENERAL SERVANT, end of January; 9ble to do plain cooking, wash. iron, early riser, three in family, nurse kept ; wtges, £lB-.£20 ; age aver 20. Longton, Preaton.

WANTED, for the New Year, gold CINNETIAL for Farm- house ; two in family ; milk sent away ; ref3rences required.—Apply Mrs. Asticnorr. Windy Harbour, dpital, near Birkenhead.

wA NfaTinlig, ;gnoood wGaslihrnltan. Nmf.,usatboi;:atve2lj,oadirna:,linrparcitvearte. oloofortable home to suitable g' rt. Present one four years. 24, WINDSOR RD., Eouttmort.

- • ERVANTS' REGISTRY CFFICE, Caxton House, 73, Butterroarket it., Warrington.—Lldies requiring good servants, and servants wanting good places, should apply at above addreSs.—Mias SHEATH, Manageress.

.gpartments,furnisbeb 3L0115e5,

URN' 91-IND HOUSE, Clacton, seven rooms. bathroom, he, near esplanade. —" ESTO Carnarvon rd., Clacton.

151A,1R CONVALBSCRNT HOMERS. TORQUAY.— ..L. Invalids, Convalescents, and others received turn 30s. weekly.

APARTMBNTS about 3 months. Couple, year-ola Confinement expected. Accessible village —GAUTIER, Rawmarsb, Rotherbam.

FURNISHED ROOMS for gentlemen, plAno ; also com- fort able lodgings for young !ten ; no children ; terms mcderate.-17. LEGH at, Warrington.

A PARTMENTS.—First-class sitting and bedrooms to be Let for one or two gentlemen ; good locality ; bath thot and cald).—Mrs. Witideati, 24, Arthur et, Warrington

pouittor, Cgms, etr.

FOWL CORN, 75. 6d, 105. ~ 125. 64. 240155. ; Pig Food, 75. Bd. and Poultry Meal, 85. and 105. per 20011:15, RocHE AND Co.. 15, Goree piazzas, Liverpool. ilciention paper.

-VGGS ! BOGS ! ! Smith's Ovar) ronic is now reco;i- nised as the "Egg-Producing Marvel of the ' and is already being used by over IC,COO Poultry Keepers with immense success It is very cheap, and we guarantee satisfaction or return your money. Over 4CO are selling it. Prices 6d. sample (1 oz.), ls. (3oz ), 2s. (80z.) By post 7d., Is 31 . 2s. 4d. In bulk ; 151. per h-gall. (equal to ten 2s. bottles), 255. per gall. Car: lave paid nearest railway station. Ask your Coin realer for it ; or direct from LEONARD SMITH AND Co, LTD., Poultry Experts, 51, BCOME- grove at., Birmingham.

DOPULArt SONGS, 6d. and Id., sample of each. 3 stamps. 1. —LOWTHER, Station rd., Finsbury Park, London.

'VR1)605111 Rolled fiold Curb BRACHLHr with padlock, unused, 2s. 6d. ; cost 10s. 6.l.—Du, Tuner, Watford

(.2PtiOtte.L.—Men's Warm Shirts, Cardigan Jackets, Pants, Li Vest., 2.. 6d. each, post free.—MATSIAS. Paringdon.

LIATENC ' m Air Cushi ' Rul.btr Stamps. Illustrated price sheets free from—V. Boox. Oakhurst, Dorchester.

Qt-eUIAL.--kach purcbaser 158 ed. neat Orient Pearl 1.1 Necklet, free leet. Rolled Gold Curb Bangle.- MANAGER, ORIENT PEARL CO., 12, Clifton Mansions, Brixton, S.W.

LION SALIC, L'ATHHit-lOPP/ID WHITING TA.PLH 1: and CASH, two Foldinz Card Tables and Case, two Oak Braes—bound Che‘ts fitted with silver-plated spoons, forks, toast-racks, bitter-dishes, eco, for 24. Very good condition. Property of Officers' Mess late 4 Br. Manchester Regt.--Apply Oakwel'-in-the-Blean, Canterbury.

-

Ititstilattrous, On Amits,

4:I6ND PHOTO with 38. for 6 Cabinets or 12 for 5i LI PLAIX & Co.. Ripley, Derby.

COM POUND AUTOMaTIO cost £l5. gwiranteed, sell £3, practically new.— BURNHAM RD., St. Albarm

STE AMY WINDOWS. a proved and real remedy sent for is. 6d —JamEs, 3, Meridian Place, Clifton, Bristol.

ITANDSOMI4 Bolted Gold Our Bracelet with Padlock, 2s. 6c1.. cost las. 64.—Ducts. Piano Tuner, Watford.

FCR SA.Ll3.—Electrie Motor Car; seat 4; going order £5O, or good exohange.—S. BARRALET, Nut'ey, Sussex.

ILD established TOBACCO BUSINBS3 for sale. Good tborougbfare —44, WATERLOO RD.. Widnes.

QTRAMSHIP SHARB (ICO paid), £23 dividend 18 months, £9B net.—Lomkx. 41. Corporation et., Manche3ter.

CHIP BUSINHSS for Sale. Good shop and house. Every- thing £13.-111r. COWDELL, Legh St.

IN, Feathers, all kinds, Piumages, Tails, &c., Wanted for Cash. —76, AMHSJR9T RD , Hackney.

ANmTelDi;luitnßtylutyoNof I!'nlciEffilipicbliiisTursTex4, width 3f t.6in.,

SPARE; TIME EMPLOYMENT; send stamp for partizulare —G. WEAVER, 19, Raglan st., London, N.W.

NURSE CHILD WANTED, or would Adopt; references. Mrs. HOLDWAY, White Lodge, Horochurch, ISesex.

rro FARMHIN AND CONTRA.OTOUS, CINDERS can be 1 had free at the It —LEcTaIcITY Woilm,Howley.Warringt on.

WANTED at once a DAIRY of MILK, 3) gallon a day. Address, R., 30, " Bxarniaer " Officer. Warrington.

AN ENIIRGICTIC and CAPABLII &1&N WANTisII.—MUS be resident and well connected with local Boolelt Political, and Spons Institutions. Sole Agency offered, whole or spare time. good commission terms, Bowls, Cricket, Football etc. No stocks required. Applica- tions marked, " Agency," to be sent in not later than February 2nd.—Ritmes SPoRTING 00003 MANUFACTURING chIPANY, Accrington.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, january 12, 1907.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
En be tet.

'0 LH? 17, FOLLY LANN.—Apply WOODS .t SON Solicitors. Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

Owitultual Probtice, plaitts, &re

fßatrtirtonp

PROSPECTUSES AND BALANCE SHEETS.

EXAMINER" OFFICE

===== 0002601_19070112_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
TIT E EXAMINER.

JANUARY 12th 1907.

We are not sure that the THE LABOURER latest piece of Canadian AND THE enterprise can be looked LAND. upon with entire approval, though it is certainly very spirited from the Canadian point of view. Our kin beyond the sea, it appears, are sending over agricultural missionaries to give advice and instruc- tion to labourers who are minded to emigrate to our vast American Colony. They are farmers and landowners who have themselves been agricultural labourers, and they are to visit the various farming centres and talk with would-be emigrants about the advantages of Canadian farming. This would be excellent if our agricultural dis- tricts were suffering from over-population, but the contrary of this is notoriously the case. Some official figures published the other day showed at what an increasing rate land in this country is going out of cultivation. Numerous reasons might be assigned for this tendency, all of them probably having some soundness in them ; but one of the soundest of reasons is that the farmer can no longer obtain the requisite labour just when he needs it. Under these circumstances we do not feel called upon to applaud, without consideration, a new effort to divorce the labour from the land, even though it be made in the interests of Canada. Exceedingly vain° ideas are entertained rather generally, we are afraid, as to the character of the benfits derivable from emigration. That it can never be beneficial to a country to remove from it its best bone and sinew is a truth that is not at all widely understood. The agricultural missionaries from :Canada are expected to make many converts. " The work of recruiting," it is remarked, "will last about three months, in which time, it is hoped, the expert farmers will have succeeded in tapping every agricultural district in the kingdom." Hen will be induced, that is to say, to leave the places where they are most wanted. The agricultural labour that has drifted to the towns will be left there. What will take place is a further denudation of the villages. If this were to be carried on to any great extent it would be a patriotic duty to take steps intended to induce the agricultural labourer to remain at home, whereas now we are expected to applaud, from patriotic and imperialist motives, the itinerant Canadian farmers who have come over to entice him away. The situation has a certain piquancy. It will also have its particular serviceableness if it directs attention to the real nature of the emigration problem.

There cannot be a reasonable doubt that we need farm labourers almost as much as Canada. If we are to keep them, notwithstanding the allur ing prospects that are held out by the Canadian missionaries, we must take care that their life shall be worth living. That will, in future,become an absolute condition. With the towns calling to him, with farmers who have been agricultural labourers telling him of the potential riches of the great West, the labourer will not remain in the neighbourhood of the farm just for the farmer's convenience. There must be something substantial to keep him there. The best thing would be a bit of land, and the least induce- ment should be a healthy and comfortable cottage. It has not yet been found practic. able to build reasonably good cottages for agri- cultural labourers at a cost of less than 2250. This means a rent of 2s. 6d, a week, at least, which is more than it is possible to pay. Lord CARRINGTON, as he told us some time ago, finds his remuneration not in the rent of the cottage but in the rent of the farm. The cottages let at is. a week, which means at a loss of about is. 6d. a week on each ; but farms let more readily and at better prices because there is always a certaiuty of extra labour within easy reach. If landlords generally had been foreseeing enough to put in operation some such plan as that of Earl CARRING- TON, we might have seen the Canadian farmers I recruiting in the towns instead of in the country.

The death of the Queen of

THE QUEEN OF Hanover is a reminder that HANOVER'S DEATH. the first signature attached to the Act of Allegiance presented to Queen Victoria at Kensington Palace was that of her eldest surviving uncle, Ernest Duke of Cumberland. The connection between the two countries ceased for the simple reason that the crown of Hanover was limited to the male line, and it passed on the death of William IV.—the Hanoverian Kings of England having been also Sovereigns of Hanover— to his eldest surviving brother. The Duke of Cumberland took his leave of the English Court —to nobody's very great regret as it happened— and became the new Hanoverian King. There was even greater cause for congratulation his

departure after 1866. It would have been an unhappy business if England had been involved in Hanover's fortunes when the great war began between Prussia and Austria. Ernest Duke of Cumberland had been succeeded in Novem- ber, 1851, by his son, and George V. of Hanover, grandson of Gaorge 111. of Euglind was the husband of the Queen who, on—the eve of her ninetieth year, has just passed away at Gmiinden in Austria. King G-aorge, who was born to sorrow as the sparks fly upwards—he had but one eye, and that he lost through an. accident —lost his kingdom also. He threw in his lot with Austria, and that politically speaking, was the end of him. He did not know, any more than others, the scheme of consolidation on which Bismarck had entered. The Hanoverian army inflicted on Prussia the one signal reverse during the war, but that was not enough. Weight of numbers told. Bismarck's power was made manifest, and from that time the King and Queen were exiles frora Hanover.

The prominence to which Tun FUTURE OP labour attained at the last Laßonn. General E'ection was

followed in Warrington by an attempt to re-organize the labour forces of the town, but unfortunately, up to the present, the efforts in this direction have not • met with success. It was recognized that the exist- ence of three bodies—The Trades Council, the Labour Representation Committee and the Right to Work Committee—involved an over- lapping of effort and an unnecessary wastage of funds in an endeavour to achieve one common ohject and the proposal was made that they should amalgamate. With, we think, a more enlightened and broader view of matters the L.R.C. suggested that any new authority which was formed to replace the existing bodies, should include in its ranks trade unionists and all reform societies independent of the political parties. The trade unions of the town have, however, by a majority of 16 votes to six decided to maintain an attitude of isolation and have resolved that, rather than co operate with reform societies and socialists, they will revise the rules of tha Trades Council so as to permit of that body taking political action. Apparently they have temporarily lost sight. of the motto which they advance So frequently ." Union is strength " and, with Councilloc Stott, we are inclined to think that very little lasting benefit to the cause of Labour will result from trade union action alone. It is to be hoped that the present failure to unite the labour forces will not I rove final, and that ultimately a moie satisfactory I settlement wilt be arrived at.

There is a busy time ahead LIBERAL ACTIVITY, for local politicians, and evidence vi I shortly be afforded of the renewed activity of Liberals in this constituency and in the adjoining iivision of Knutsford. As we had the pleasure of announcing last week, Warrington will on February Ist be honoured with a visit from the Right Hon. Sydney Buxton, M.P., Postmaster-General, who will address a meeting arranged by the Junior Liberal Association in the Parr Hall. It is a long time since Warrington had the opportunity of welcoming a Liberal Cabinet Minister and the meeting promises to rank worthily with the many magnificent demonstrations held by Local Liberals of late years. Mr. B urton is a most capable and hard-working public servant and during the short time he has clntrolled our national postal system he has effected some valuable reforms which will be appreciated by the , workers in that department. Though the War- rington meeting will be an event of outstanding political importance, the Liberals of Stockton , Heath are not to be outdone in the zeal for prop ' aganda work. On the evening preceding Mr. Buxton's visit (January 31st) a meeting will be held in the Hall Cafd, Stockton Heath, and the speakers will include Mr. Henry Vivian, M.P. and the member for the division (Mr. Alfred J. King.) The great revival and expansion of Liberalism in this part of a large constituency helped in DO small measure to secure Mr. King's return. There must be no relaxing of efforts to keep progressive ideals to the fore and as the forthcoming meeting is certain to be highly interesting we anticipate a large muster.

A most boring and pro- - " ROT." traced Council meeting on Tuesday evening was enlivened by one incident which was dramatic while it lasted. The Meyer was reading a report from the electrical engineer about an accident at the lighting station which might have had serious consequences. The report was garnished with considerable detail and the Mayor made the most of the heroism of Mr. Mathias and his•staff in venturing into a room full of steam and live electricty. All at once Councillor Wilson jumped to his feet and in a voice which trembled with horror and righteous indignation said: "A Councillor here is calling out rot." (Sensation.) Then the Mayor, in a voice equally tense said "If you name the gentleman he must apologise to the chair." (More sensa- tion.) The accuser pointed a finger at Councillor Cunnington and " named " him. 'Orford's massive representative refused to apolog:se. The Mayor: You won't ?—Councillor Cunnington : N 9! (still more sensation). [Things looked like coming to an impasse when Councillor Cunnington denied using the word '"rot," and the Mayor accepted his denial. Everybody at once breathed again, and the humdrum of ordinary business proceeded. The incident raises a point which was not really settled. We hold the opinion that a Councillor has a perfect right to say "rot " sotto voce as often as he likes. He might even say it out aloud without committing a very great breach of procedure. Of course it would be rude, but we are accustomed to even ruder things in the Warrington Town Council. So long as the remark was not audible to the speaker no offence was committed and Councillor Wilson was guilty of a piece of unnecessary interference when he drew the Mayor's attention to the utterance of what he conceived to be the word " rot." Altogether there was much ado. about nothing, but while it lasted the incident created quite a sensation.

However up-to-date War- UP-L,-DATE ringtou may he in the SANITATION. management of its sanitaryl works at Longford,there are other aspects of the public health question in which th 3 town is miserably behind-hand. The worst system in vogue locally is that for the disposal of night-soil. Instead of beicg sent out in the small hours these noisome vehicles aro to be met in some districts quite early in the night poisoning the air and the unlucky•pedestrian at the same time. How much longer such relics of barbarism are to be tolerated we know not, but in any case the work might be carried out on less objectionable lines. Our sewerage system is I congested, and a legacy from the past. We cannot blame the Sanitary Committee of to-day, for they may well hesitate to enter upon a renewal scheme which would cost £lOO,OOO at least. But there are things which they have left undone, all the same. For instance, sewer ventilation in -War rington is obtained through the ordinary man-holes or street grids. Obviously it is inefficient for not long ago there was the distressing fatality caused by an accumulation of gases in one of the sewers. i Besides being inefficient it s unhealthy. Up-to- date municipalities are constructing tall shafts which carry the sewer gases high above the streets and dissipate them in the open air. In some towns—even in Manchester—the hollow tram- way standards have been connected with the sewers [and used as ventilating shafts. We believe this idea was suggested to the Warrington authorities long ago, but it has not been utilised. Manchester is tackling the question seriously and a suitable area is to be shortly ventilated by means of the tram- poles. Is it not reasonable to suppose that we should never have had the Howley fatality if some such simple and efficient means of ventilation had been adopted? The idea is thoroughly practic- able and we hope the health authorities of the town will show themselves to be alive to the necessities and improvements of the day.

Of all social organisations AN Aarrr-Surerne the Salvaticon Army is BURE certainly the one which gets down quickest to the bed rock of the needs of the in ISieg. Is scope and uplifting pewer are immense and moreover it is never " weary in well-doing." Tee latest Army venture is unique, and charactsristic of General Booth's unflinching resolve to feel a remedy wherever he locates a social disease. Until the dawn of the present year an " ti-Suicide Bureau " had never been heard of,, but thanks to "the General" and his capable organisers it already exists-and has begun wcrk. How neces- sary something of the kind is can be proved by a glance at the suicide statistics of this and other countries. The number of people who commit the rash act of self-destruction is increas- ing alarmingly, and if the " bureau " can do any- thing to check the evil it will be another feather in the cap of the S Ovation Army. We are hope- ful that much will be possible. The sad story of the coroner's inquests too often reveals the fact that the suicide might have been deterred from his insane resolve had there been a helping hand or a friendly voice available when hope had fled. The "Anti-Suicide Bureau " invites the attention of all those who are bordering on the mad con- viction that " there is only one way out of it." G )od advice,, moral and even material help are promised. but no financial assistance. If the scheme has its weak point it is this latter. Maney, we are told, is the root of all evil, and certainly it is often the want of it or the misuse of it which drives some poor creature to a cowardly despair. If one or two millionaires would take up the" Anti- Suicide Bureau "instead of building libraries and endowing colleges they might be enabled to save valuable lives and earn the •indyiug gratitude of thousands of people. Financial assistance sensibly offered would turn many a foot from the grave, ,and we do not see what better use the teeming gold of the millionaire and multi-millionaire could he put to. Whether funds will ever be forthcom- ing -for such a purpose or not, the Salvation Army's new venture ought to be crowned with success. The Bureau is already at work in Lendon, and a branch Ilan been opened in Win- chester. Two vast centres of industrial depression are thus tapped immediately, and in Lendoe a constant stream of " hepeless " callers has drifted in. There seems no doubt that the means of providing the "saving " grace in many a life nas been found. God speed to it!

===== 0002601_19070112_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Heard in a Manchester tramcar on Saturday night : Lady: Do you stop at the Midland Hotel, guard? Guard : No, mum—it's too expensive. o o

The Hull child who wrote in his essay that alcohol " stingeth like a hatter and biteth like a servant " will probably keep the school-room humour record for 1907. * * *

"If you have tears prepare to shed them now! ' The Vicar of St. Mary gagdalene, Paedington, boasted in 1901 that " many a little Dissenter has been taught the Catholic faith" in his school. *There will be no more conversions, for the heartless London County Council has condemned the school as unsuitable. * *

Sir H. Burdett in his " Hospitals and Charities " points out that it costs six of the leading Church sod- ties ;£16,000 more to raise a sum of ;M20,000 for foreign missions than it does seven of the Noncon- formist societies to raise £777,000—i,e., that the Church slcieties spend 12 per cent, on management, while the non-Church bodies do their work for 8 per cent. •

A certain Warwickshire Vicar is an economist of the strictest type, judging from a circular he sent out appealing for funds for the renovation of the church, and which had the following postcript :—" If you are unable to send us a subscription of any kind, will you, kindly forward us a postage stamp, so that the fund may net lose the cost of addressing to you this appeal." * *

Though the electrical engineer, Mr. Mathias,did not get his advance of salary on Tuesday he will probably succeed at the nest Council meeting. Most of the objections were raised to his having an extra S:5O per year and two premium pupils in addition. Without the latter he is pretty certain to get the " rise" which we believe he has earned by an efficient management of the electrical undertaking. o c,

Some interest will be taken locally in the conviction of a Darwen publican for holding a football gwsep- stake on licensed premises. Sweepstakes have a great hold on the Warrington public and there is more than one licensed house in the tawn which renders itself liable tc a prosecution under the Lottery Act. The penalty at Darwen was ;£5 and costs in one case and the costs in seven other cases. The Chairman of the bench said they were advised that these sweepstakes were illegal whether held on licensed premises, in mills, or in other places. * * *

Counctllor Stott, J.P, is ever anxious to serve the class which he represents on the Council and his elevation to the Magisteral Bench is viewed with distinct pleasure in local labour circles. On Tuesday night the Trades and Labour Council, of which Mr. Stott is a prominent member, heartily congratulated him upon his new appointment. In replying to the vote the new Justices of the Peace made an amusing slip of the tongue. He said he only consented to his name being placed on the Commission because he hoped that in that capacity he .could be of some service to the members of the Trades Council and the working- man of the town. The slip was unnoticed and the sentiment heartily applauded. * * *

The brick-buying extraordinary to which we referred last week did not receive much enlightenment at Tuesday's Council meeting, It seems that the Sani- tary Works Committee twice overlooked Messrs. Richardson's tender, and finally discovered that it was the lowest. Messrs. Richardson will probably believe in the old adage " Better late than never," for the Council decided that the contract should be given to them, thongh the tender of the Warrington Slate Co. Ltd., had already been accepted by the Com- mittee. According to Councillor Pemberton the Corporation will now get the best bricks at the lowest price, which should be satisfactory to the ratepayers. * * *

The Council did well to refer back the recommenda- tion to erect a public convenience on the site of the old bridewell at the bottom of Buttermarket-street. This is one of the best open spaces and most valuable street sites in the boroue and to use it for the pur- pose suggested would ve been desecration. Of what use would be the efforts of the Beautiful War- rington Society if the Corporation were to plant before the public gaze such abominations to the eye as these conveniences?" They should be under- ground, and the fact that the Sanitary Works Com- mittee is hard up for a site is no excuse for proposing to make such an abominable excrescence on the pave- ment of "Howard Place." John Howard was worthy of a better memorial.

* Anglers had a disappointing time last season— indeed one prominent member of the Warrington Anglers' Association stated at the annual meeting on Wednesday that his catches in association waters last season totalled eight ! The year was one of the worst on record and disciples of Izaak Walton are praying that next season there may be fisherman's weather—which is understood to include rain in abundance. People who are not so enthusiastic in the sport will not join in Elie petition, but will rather hope for plenty of sunshine. Incidentally we may congratulate our local pliers of the rod and line ui on. the increased success of their Association which occupies a very proud position among similar organiza- tions and is exceptionally well managed.

-* * * Although the Junior Liberal Associationis now primarily occupied in arranging for the visit of Mr. Sydney Buxton, ALP., the ordinary educational work will be resumed with increasing interest and enthusiasm on Monday evening. An excellent pro- gramme has been drawn up and reflects infinite credit upon the officials who work so energetically for the Assceiation. Monday's meeting will be unique, for Mr. Edmund Osborne, the first chairman of the Association, is to give a paper on " Why I am a socialist." In Mr. Osborne's hands, the subject is sure to be ably treated and an interesting discussion may be expected, while it is certain that the speakers' -views will come in for considerable criticism,

-

===== 0002601_19070112_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
The following good story—which also illustrated King Edward's tact —is told of the late Shah of Persia: The Shah only adopted knives and folks quite recently When he first visited England a banquet was given to him by King Edward, then Prince of Wales, and asparagus, which the Shah had never heard of, figured on the menu. The Shah nibbled gingerly at a stalk, and then threw it on the carpet. To have let it remain on his plate would have been a breach of Persian etiquette. The Prince, with his usual tact, was equal to the emergency. He picked up stalk after stalk, ate what he wanted, and threw the balance on the carpet behind his chair. A moment later thirty guests were following snit—and not a muscle quivered in the faces of the Royal attendants. * * * It is not often that one hears a judge relate an anecdote to illustrate a legal point, but his Honour Deptuty Judge S'rachan resorted to this pleasant device at the Warrington County Court on Thursday. The discussion waged round the way in which an _accident had happened, and the defending counsel said it was impossible for it to have occurred in the manner described by the plaintiff. The Judge reminded counsel of the story of the man who was put in the stocks for frying fish on a Sunday morning. A lawyer chanced to pass that way and in answer to his inquiries the victim told for what trivial offence he was being punished. " That's impossible " exclaimed the lawyer. "Oh " Feplied the man (5 but they've done it !"

* * The Board of Education is responsible for an order which, in Warrington, will certainly he considered a piece of silly red-tapeism. The title of "People's College "is objected to by the big-wigs in London and the Local Committee is requested to find another name for the old school in Arpley-street. Hundreds of Warringtonians will feel resentful, for the school 'has played a big part in the training of those who are the citizens of to-day, and as the People's College it has an old and honoured name. We hear there is a suggestion to call it Brexvtnall School—after-the first headmaster—but we do not think this would be a popular choice. If a change has to be made, why, not Warrington Central School? The school took the place of the one which formerly stOoi on the site of the present Central Station, so the title would not be Inappropriate. - * * Of all the Acts on the Statute Book, probably few are more productive of litigation than the Workmen's Compensation Act. Cases of the most intricate description occupy the attention of the Courts and there is no end of argument and legal hair-splitting. -His Honour Deputy Judge Strachan, K.C., happened to have two compensation cases to deal with at War- rington on Thnrsday, and as one was taken under the Employers' Liability Act, it gave him the opportunity of saying how glad be was to get "off the quicksands of the Workmen's Compensation Act on to the more solid ground of the Employers' Liability Act." Mr. F. Cuthbert Smith, barrister, while agreeing,no doubt voiced the view of the bar when he said "But the sands have not been very unpleasant for some of us." " No," rejoined his Honour, "they have been golden sands ! "

* * * The plans for the restoration, in some degree, of the port of Chester. remind one that the Chester inn at which Dean Swift used to break his journeys between Dublin and London still exists. It is the Yacht, at the corner of Watergate-street, and is overlooked by hundreds of nilgrims who scour the city in search of places with interesting personal associations. These old Chester resting-places for travellers were very careless of their history —none foresaw what an asset -to posterity the mere names of their guests might prove to be. Perhaps the best story that has been preserved through the centuries is that associated with the building that is now (or was .until recently) a. tradesman's shop in Bridge-street, and was once known as the "Blue Posts." In the last year of Queen Mary's reign, the story goes, Dr. Henry Cole, Dean of St. Paul's, lodged one night at the "Blue Posts." He was on his way to Ireland with inners, which he boasted to the Mayor of Chester "would lash the heretics of Ireland." The landlady, a Mrs. Mottershead, overheard the conversa- tion—in those days landladies were industrious in the collection of gossip,—and, fearing for her brother, who was in Dublin, she abstracted the Dean's com- mission and put in its place a pack of cards, in possession of which the Dean next day continued his journey. It is said that the Lord President of the 'Council, with fine native humour, met the situation with,' Let us have another commission, and we will meanwhile shuffle your cards." Queen Mary died before another commission could be executed. In the supeeeding Protestant reign the landlady was --rewarded with a nsosion for her intervention, and the Dean ended his days in the Fleet Prison. —" Ma,nehesler Guardian."

===== 0002601_19070112_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Sudden Deaths. The death occurred suddenly on Saturday of kfrs. Miller, the wife of Mr. George Miller. No. 1, Brook- lands-street. Deeeasei was in bed and vhen her husband went upstairs at 11.20 p.m., he found she , was dead. Dr. Bennett, win was called in, expressed the opinion that Mrs. Miller had been dead for some time before the body was discovered.—The Ideath took place on Sunilay, of Mr. Joseph Buckley, landlord of the Prince of Wales beerhouse, School- brow. Deceased was appareatly in good health at noon, and -subsequently served in the bar. Death is • attributed to apoplexy. - UNDER TILE CLOCK for Good BOOTS. Advt.— Popular Penny Concerts. There was a large attendance at the popular con- cert in the Bold-street Wesleyan Schoolroom, on Saturday. Mr. J. G-. Withinshaw, of Penketh, occupied the chair. The whole of the programme was sus- tained by Mr. and Mrs. David Lamb, of Glasgovv, who delighted the audience with songs, duets, recitations, and a hrimrous sketch entitled " Confessions" whilst Mr. Lamb gave a clever "Conjuring exhibition. Mrs. Lamb (who will be remoinbered before her marriage -as Miss Fanny Bodle of Wilderspool- causeway) created a' very favourable • impression, especially as an elocusionist. Driving Accident. An alarming accident, which fortunately was not attended with serious results, occurred on Saturday night in Wilderspool Causeway, Warrington. A. horse and trap, containing two young men named William Winstanley and John Skelton, of Stretton, was proceeding along the road near St. James's Church when one of the wheels came in contact with a kerbstone at the foot of one of the electric standards. The trap was overturned and the occupants thrown violently into the roadway. The men were taken into an adjoining house and afterwards conveyed to the Infirmary, where their injuries, which were not of a very serious"nature, were attended to. After a few hours' detention they were taken home. The horse bolted, but was stopped by a tram conductor named Smith a short distance away.

PUBLIC BENEFIT—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST ' BOOTS IN LASCA.SHIRE.—Advt. New Magistrates Sworn In. Severvof the new magistrates who were last week placed upon the Commission of the Peace for Warring- ton were on Monday sworn in at the Borough Police Conrt. The Mayor presided over the Bench and the other magistrates present were Aldermen Bolton, Bennett and Tinnion, Councillor Wilkinson, Messrs. S. Wright, H. Thornton, G. Pilling, and VT. Roberts. The oath was administered by the Town Clerk, those taking it being Councillors Burton, Ellison, Stott, Evans and Messrs. 3 Maginn,W.Furness and T. Locker. The ceremony over,the business of the court was pro- ceeded with, and in accordance with the time honoured custom the first offender, a man locked up for drunken- ness, was discharged with a caution. Dr. Markel, will is at present on the Continent,will be sworn in at a later date.

LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt. Junior Liberal Association. The members of this Association enter upon the second half of the winter session on Monday evening next, and a most interesting syllabus has been arranged. The meetings will in future be held at Gregory's Cafe, 5, Buttermarket-street. A large attendance is expected on Monday evening when Mr. Edmund Osborne will speak on "Why I am a Socialist." The following is the programme for the remainder of the session: —January 21st, Mr. Joseph Hyder, General Secretary of the Land Nationalisation Society will attAd • January 28th " Socialism " by Mr. C. E. Parker; February 4th, inter-debate with Pro- gressive Labour League, "louse of Lords " ; February 11th, biographical section, Mazzini •, February 18th, "International Arbitration," Mr. J. Upson; February 25th, political literature section, (a) Burke's speeches, (b) historical survey of political literature (Part II) ; March 4th, "Mr. Haldane's administration at the War Office," Captain G. R. Crosfield ; March 11th, Review section; March 18th, debate; March 25th, social evening.

" HERALD " KITCHEN RANGES and " Peveril " Fire Grates are hard to beat.—Sole agent, J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt. "Y" Branch B.W.T.A. In connection with the Y branch B.W.T.A. a lime- light lecture was given by Miss Swankie Cameron of London in the Co-operative Hall on Monday evening. Owing to a severe cold Miss Beasie Dutton was unable to take the chair but Mrs. Garnett very ably filled that position. After a hymn had been sung Hiss Cameron commenced her lecture,the subject being "The white ribbon round the world." She described the formation of the World's Christian Temperance Union (of which the B.W.T.A. is the British Branch) first in America, then in Japan, Ireland, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and various other countries, illustrating with interesting slides b oth of views and groups of " Y " members in their national dress. ;Miss Cameron also showed photos of the president and officers elected at World's convention in Boston. (U.S.) in October 1906. Photos of Frances Millard, her mother and home were much appreciated. Miss Cameron is a splendid speaker and her lecture was much enjoyed by all present.--The first social of the winter session was held in the Winmarleigh Cafe on Wednesday evening. A very pleasant time was spent in games and music. The following members and friends contributed songs : Misses Cox, Blacktock, Fieldhonse, and Mr. W. Clay, STRANGE'S A.l. Crystal LIMP OIL in barrels or. , drums delivered free.—Sole agent, J. S. GARLASD, 51 to 55, Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt. Honour for Mr. Rymer Young. ; Mr. J. Rymer Young, J.P.,,„F C.S., of Warring ton has been elected President of the Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain in succession to Mr. R. A.. Robinson, L.C.C. Mr. Young, who is now fifty-six years of age, was a student of Owens College, Man- , cherter, in 1870, and later of the School of Pharmacy of the Pharmaceutical Society. He qualified as a pharmaceutical chemist in 1872, and has for many years practised at Warrington. Since 1893 he has been a member of the Pharrnacetuical Society's Council, and for two and a half years he has been Vice-President of the Society and Chairman of the Education and Examination Committee. The Pharma- , centical Society, it may be explained, is a body incor- porated under Royal Charter sixty-four years ago. By statute it has been eLtrust3d with the task of seeing that all persons who carry on the business of a chemist and druggist, or style themselves as such, shall have a competent knowledge of their calling. The Pharmaceutical Society's examination constitutes a severe test, which enables the public to rely on the scientific knowledge and technical proficiency of qualified chemists. The Pharmaceutical Society has a membership of nearly 6,500 persons, all legally qualified to dispense msdicines and sell poisons. Mr. Rymer Young was awarded s medal by the Royal Humane Society in 1899; and he is a brother of Mr. A. H. Young, F.R C.S., who is Professor of Anatomy at the Victoria University, Manchester, and a member of the General Medical Couticil.

P CrSLIC BENEFIT, UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN L ANC A.ScIERE.—Advt.

Taxation of Land Values. The sixth fortnightly meeting of the Warrington Branch of the English League for the Taxation of Land Values av cs held on Friday, January 4th in Gregory's Cafe. Mr.• Alfred Hahne in..the chair. In the discussion the point was raised whether the landlord could shift the tax. Besides the great authority of John Stuart Mill, who proved that the landlord cannot shift, tax or rent (laud values) it was pointed out that the land- lord takes now as much as he possibly can get, and that while taxes on products of human labour increase the cost of production by checking the supply a tax on land values cann t check the supply; on the contrary in bringing all the idle land that is now kept by speculation, into the market, it would lower the price of land and rents by competition. In discussing , the power of capital it was proved that far more than ' nine-tenths of what is called " Capital " to-day is not "Capital " at all but some form of monopoly: "Land Value" and that by breaking down this huge monopoly of sweating,power of true capital would be completely gone since everybody would have access to the land and the raw materials of Nature, just as the Canadian Redskins defied the offer of the railway engineer to transport rail way building material form one place to the other at the usual European wages. They could defy tha capitalist, because they had access to the land, and unless they were paid more than they could earn by applying their own labnur to the land, they flatly refused. They were free men and not land slaves ! Seeing the enormous effect of the acting two chapters of the "Story of my Dictator- ship " (" A Christmas Dream") has had, it was unani- mously decided to act four more chapters of the same book on February Ist in the Co-operative Hall.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
We are pleased to be abie io ...,t,--_ _ ment in the condition of Mr. Lake Talbot, Chief ' -.-.'15.". ..-- - - 'Constable, who is ill at his residence, Palymra-sqnare. . _ _ , . - . , . -...\ . . . , - t , , , , t , , , . , , - _ ~ - • .;': , -„, , ~„, .....,.,.' 2-.:--,„ •,- ,-,..•.e:!'-',--....,...-..',..: ...,, -,i, ,_ „ ~,, - - -,•- . - , -,-, , , • , ~-,,...,,..z: • ••,. -Z.,-14,,-;.• ..• ;Li- , . ~,,..,,-.. '..,,,: '- -• ,-,,,,-:,,--.,Amf-,,-,..,-.,-.,..441., ..' -' - - • - ~" ~._ ...._,.. -...,,..................:::_,.....,--...•,_ . ~,.- , -,-,,,e,,,e.• -...., ;1_ "- -.Ott,. , , ::.t, ..., .' r ,

- We are pleased to be able to report an improve- ment in the condition of Mr. Luke Talbot, Chief Constable, who is ill at his residence, Palymra-scinare.

TABLE, FLOOR, AND HANGING L tNIPS in large variety. Latest patterns.—J. S. GARLAND, Iron- monger Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt.

dii-KisTettiin, His Honour said that subject to what

-

===== 0002601_19070112_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

Index to Inside Pages.

Page. 2. Our Local Churches, Flat-Captain's Tragic Death. "La's Husband" by Fitzgerald Molloy. 3. "Written in Scarlet ".(serial). , Wedding of Mrs. H. Broadbent. Women's Chat. 6. Board of Guardians. Women's Realm. Children's Corner. , 7. Football. - Railway Time Table. 'Coming Events. Under the auspices of the Warrington Co-operative Society a lantern lecture on the cultivation and manu- facture of cocoa will be given by Mr. R. Turner, of Manchester, in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, on Thursday. The lecture will conclude with a short cinematograph entertaiament. Mr. Philip Snowdon, M.P., will visit Warrington to-night and will address a meeting in the Parr Hall. The proceedings are under the auspices of the War- rington Branch of the Independent Labour Party and amongst the speakers is Mrs. IC Bruce Glasier, B.A. The Warrington Junior Liberal Association open their second session on M-mday evening, when Mr. E. Osborne will deliver an address on "Why lam a 'Socialist." The meeting will be held at Gregory's Cafe, Buttermarket-street. A great Liberal Demonstration will be held at Stockton Heath on Thursday. January 31st. Addresses at the meeting to be held at the Hall Cafe will be delivered by Mr. A. j. King, M.P., for the Knutsford Division, and Mr. Henry Vivian, M.P. for Birkenhead. Under the auspices of the International Order of Good Templars, Miss Jennie Walker, the renowned temperance orator, will lecture at 80ld-street Wesleyan Church on January 15th, 16th and 17th. The Warrington Dramatic Society will this year produce "Dr. Wake's Patient." The performances will be given in the Parr Hall from the 22ud to the 26th inst. inclusive A strong cast has been arranged and the production should be highly successful. The proceeds will be in aid of tile Infirmary Extension Fund. WOOD CFMINEY PIECES, Fire' Grates and Tiles. unrivalled selection, inspection invited.--. 3-. S. GARLAND, Builders' Ironmonger, &c., 51 to 55, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. Personal.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January, 12 1907.

New School for Penketh. The Lancashire Einc'ation Committee are this week advertising for tenders for the erection of a school at Penketh, to accommodate 350 sch)lors.

Ragged School and Mission. On Sunday evening the limelight service at the above place was conducted by Mrs. Moores. The pictures shown were scenes from "The life of Christ," and the lessons derived from them were very good. " Ora pro nobis " illustrated, was sung by Mr. W. Wright. Mr. Frank Owen manipulated the lantern. Each scholar was given a mince pie on leaving. Wycliffe Sunday School Tea Party.

The last item in- the programme of amusements was not recorded in our paragraph last week. This was a humorous dialogue by Masters Harry Griffiths, Walter Jordan, George Molyneaux, and Leslie Wall- ington, entitled "Dr. Diaculum." The sketch was well performed, the get-up of the actors being neat, the speech bold, and the mimicry smart.

Old Blues' Re-Union. The annual re-union in connection with the Blue Coat Brotherly Society was held at the Blue Coat School on Thursday evening and proved highly successful. About seventy ladies and gentlemen were present. The first part of the evening was devoted to music, the artistes being Miss Snelling, Miss N. Armstrong, Messrs. Arthur Griffiths, William Brough- ton, and A. Grounds (humorist). Afterwards dancing was indulged in until midnight, Mr. George Lomas supplying the music. Mr. -John Dobson acted as MC. The committee which had had the arrangements in hand consisted of Messrs. J. Dobson, J. Moss, W. Rutter, and Fred Short (secretary).

Drunken Driver's Offence. William Caldwell, of Warrington, was brought up at Newton-le Willows Police Court, on Thursday, charged with having been drunk while in charge of a horse and float, and also with doing wilful damage to windows, to the extent of Gs., belonging to Frank Monks, of Poulton, near Warrington, on the Bth inst. In consequence of prisoner's condition and driving without a light, his and another vehicle collided, causing a serious accident. Afterwards prisoner went to Monk's house and with a stick smashed six panes of glass. For each offence prisoner was fined 40s. and costs, or a month's hard labour in each case in default.

Shorthand Writers' Association. On Saturday night this Association resumed its weekly meetings after the Christmas vacation, a fair number of memb3ra attending at the Winmarleigh Cafe. Real work in the nature of speed practice was undertaken, and the latter portion of the evening was occupied by the reading, by Mr. C. H. Longshaw, of a Federation paper entitled "Three Great Novels and How to read them." The novels reviewed were "David Cppperfield," John Halifax, Gentleman," and " The Little Minister." The writer mentioned three kinds of readers : the one who " rushed" a book, and arrived at the " married and lived happily ever after" termination ; the reader who criticised the characters in a novel, and compared one with another, and a third and wise reader who not only studied the plot, the characters, and the general make-up of a book, but also the literary style of the novelist. The lecture included an interesting resume of the three novels re- ferred to,and tribute was paid to the respective authors. The paper, which proved to be an enjoyable. one, was , followed by a discussion, and the meeting concluded i wtth a vote of thanks to the reader. Handball. In connection with the Liverpool and District Handball League, a very keen and exciting game was played on Thursday night at Birkenhead Gymnasium, between Warrington Gymnasium and Birkenhead Y.M.C.A. From the commencement the play was of a very interesting nature, Birkenhead opening the scoring with a clever throw, when a few minutes minutes later, Warrington were awarded a penalty for foul play against Woods, and Bibby equalized. Half- time : One goal each. Some remarkable play was witnessed in the second half, Holloway, the Warring- ton Captain, scoring two very fine goals from over the half-way line. Later after some good combination between the forwards, Toppin gave a splendid pass to Regan, who registered the 4th goal in the last few minutes for Warrington. The packing of the Warring- ton backs was safe throughout the game. Warrington came away winners by the narrow margin of four goals to three which well represented the night's play. The next League match will be played in the Berough Gymnasium, Palmyra-square, when Warrington meet Liverpool on Wednesday, the 16h inst. Play to corn mence at 8.30 p.m.

he might hear as to what the boy did on the date of the accident, he had not the slightest doubt that if the screw of the machine was loose it would affect the balance. .

Air. Elliott held that it was impossible for the accident to have happened in the way alleged as there would not be sufficient time between the die rising and rebounding for the lad to take away a piece of soap and place another on the machine. Then as to the con- tention of negligence, if the accident occurred it was a mere isolated instance of the machine doing some- thing which it was thought impossible for it to do, so the defect could not be said to be due to negligence. His Honour said the non-remedying of the defect could.

James Cooke was then called and denied that the plaintiff called to him to come and tighten the nut. Mr. Elliott addressed his Honour on the coestion of damages and contended that the amount claimed was outrageous as the boy was certified to be fit to work on October 16th. _ _ . -

Francis Lloyd, a boy who lost the tip of a finger whilst working a stamping. machine with one hand, was called and said he was still employed by the firm at the same work.

His Honour gave judgment for the plaintiff for £2l and costs, stating that he was of opinion that this was such an injury as would handicap the plaintiff in the race of life.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
NEGLECTFUL MOTHER SENT TO GAOL. Death OF One Child. INQUEST AND VERDICT.

A seri:ms case of alleged family neglect was brought before the Bench at the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday morning,when Mary Glover,l,Navigation-street, was charged with neglecting her five children. Mr. Browne, who prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C., sairi-the husband was not charged because he was a very temperao,respectable,hard-working man. The youngest of the children on January 2n4 was examined by Dr. Peacocke, who ordered its removal to the Work- house Hospital, where it had since died. An inquest would be held that day, and he (Mr. Browne) was instructed to apply for a remand, so that they could have the jury's verdict as to whether neglect pro- duced death, and as to whether they would be justified in bringing a charge of manslaughter against the prisoner. Dr. Peacocke spoke to visiting prisoner's house on January 2nd. He found the youngest child, aged eleven months, suffering from tubercular disease, and con- sequent emaciation, which, in his ?pinion, were greatly aggravated, and the sufferings increased, by neglect. The child weighed eight pounds, whereas the average for a child of the same age was nineteen pounds. The other children were poorly clad, the room they occupied was filthy, and there was practically no bed covering, except a dirty sheet and a few rags. Such conditions were bound to be inju:ious to the health of the children. Inspector rox, N.S.P.C.C., said the case had been under his supervision since February, 1905. He had warned prisoner about her conduct on several occasions, and advised her to be different. She was a very drunken woman, and neglected her home shamefully. She had practically ruined her husband. When they threatened to prosecute her she said "You will never get me there ; I will drown myself first." Witness thereupon got a warrant for her arrest. Prisoner,who said she preferred to be dealt with then, was remanded until the following day. INQUEST ON THE_ CHILD. _ .

The inquest on the deceased child—Arthur Stanley Glover—was held on Tuesday afternoon by Mr. Brighouse. Arthur Glover, wireworks labourer, the father, stated that the child had been weakly since birth,and had been under treatment at the Infirmary since it was two months old. Witness's wife had drunk hgavily, and she neglected her home, the children and himself. He had tried his best to improve her, with the assistanbe of Inspector Cox, but to no avail. Dr. Pea,cocke said he had made a post-mortern examination, along with Dr. Smith, of the child's body. The child was considerably wasted, and, in his opinion, had died from tubercular disease of the mesenteric glands. In answer to the Coroner, he said that was a heredi- tary disease as a rule,but it was p)ssible to be brought on by neglect. The Coroner : Are you prepared to sly this tubercular disease was set up by negle3t on the pat of the parent ? Witness : I eannot say. _ _

The Coroner: This dtild might hava died, even if it had had the best of attention?

I Witness: it is possible. The Coroner observed that it was not a case of man- slaughter. There might be a case of neglect, but he had nothing to do with that. His suggestion was that the jury should return a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony,. and leave it there. The jury adopted this course. THE PRISONER ENTENCED. At the Police Court on Wednesday, Mary Glover, was again charged with neglecting her five children. Mr. A. Browne said the husband was a respectable hard working man, and nothing could be said against him. His wages, averaging 3%. per week, were given to his wife, who, instead of providing food and clothing, spent a large portion of the money in drink. There was prac- tically no furniture, and as quickly as the husband provided bed clothing prisoner pawned the various articles for drink. Oa Thursday last Dr. Peacocke was called in, and a boy aged eleven months, was found to be saffering from tubercular disease, and his condition was so emaciated that he was conveyed to the work- house infirmary, where he'died on Sunday.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for three months.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
Services' for Sunday.

The annual exchange of pulpits arranged by the Free Churches of Warrington and District, will take place on Sunday evening. Details will be found in our advertis- ing columns. A united Communion service will be held in the Bold-street Wesleyan Chur3h, at which an address will be delivered by the Rev. J. F. Matthews. Bold-street Wesleyan Church: Preacher, 10.30,and 6.3 a Rev. F. Platt (Didsbury). Bewsev-road Wesleyan Church : Preachers, 10.30, Rev. J. Gunnell; 6.30, Rev. J. R. Milne. Wycliffe Church: Preachers, 10.30 Rev. John Yonge ; 6.30, Rev. J. S. Hughes. Latchford Baptist Church: Preachers, 10.30 Rev. J. F. Matthews; 6.30, Rev. E. J. Gawne. ,

===== 0002601_19070112_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
SEQUEL TO A FATALITY.

Warrington Firm Sued.

I At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour Deputy Judge Strachan, K.C., Phcebe Webb, 16, Kent-street, brought an application under the Work- men's Compensation Act, to recover £l5O, compensation for the death of her son, Arthur Wilcox Webb, who was in the employ of Messrs. Pearson and Knowles, and who was killed at the Staveley Works,Barrow Hill, near Sheffidld. Mr. F. Cuthbert Smith (instructed by Mr. T. S. Steel) appeared for the applicant and Mr.Adshead Elliott (instructed by Mr. J. W. Knowles) represented the respondents' Insurance Company and Mr. F. G. Taylor Aatched the proceedings on behalf of the Pearson and Knowles Co., Mr. Cuthbert Smith said the claim was brought under the Workmen's Compensation Act by Phcebe Webb, who was the mother of a boy named Arthur Wilcox Webb. The boy was in the employ of Messrs. Pearson and Knowles and on August 27th he was working at the Staveley Works in the erection of blast furnaces. He was beating rivets on a scaffold when he fell and sus- tained such severe injuries that he died on the following day. The earnings of the boy during the three years preceding his death, together with allowances, amounted to £B4 us. 3d. The mother, in particulars, alleged that she was wholly dependent upon the earnings. The respondents had filed an answer in which they not only denied that she was wholly dependent on the earnings of her son, but even that she was partially dependent, and set up as a fact that they had paid the funeral expenses of the deceased, which were only recoverable under the Act if no dependents were left. That admis- sion as to the funeral was, he (counsel) held, an admis- sion of liability.

A lengthy legal argument ensued between his Efouour and Mr. Smith, the latter contending that the ‘sum of £4O which had been paid into Court was wholly inadequate. The mother, he said, was a widow and for the last six years had been unable to earn anything as she was a sufferer from chronic rheumatism and had been bedfast.

he had a married -datighter,a Mrs. Miller whose husband only earned from 255. to 27g. per week and was in indifferent health. Mrs. Miller allowed her mother and the boy to live in the house and she took as payment whatever wages the boy sent home. Applicant stated that the boy would have been out of his time if he had liyed to finish the work at Stavelely. The money she received from him, 155., 10s. ors. at a time, was always, given to Mrs. Miller. By Mr. Elliott : She had lived apart from her husband and he was the father of her deceased son. The birth was registered in the usual way and she did-not leave a blank in the column in which the name of the father of the child ought to have been placed. His Honour objected to the question and said the respondents admitted their liability to pay some com- pensation. How could the paternity of the chill offset this case? _ _ _

Mr. Elliott : It is an illegitimate child. His Honour: I don't think this is at all a-creditable defence, and it is not a defence I shall assist in any way. It is an attempt to hurt the feelings of the woman who is making this application. N 3 notice whatever has been given tint such a defence was going to be replied upon, and I think you are precluded from raising it in any event by your adtnission of liability. Witness had said her husband was the father of the child. _ _ _

Applicant, in reply to further questions, said she had a son who was working, but he had sent no money for her support. She had been wholly dependent on the earnings of the deceased boy. She had another son who worked as a boiler maker, bathe had not given her any financial assistance for three or four years. Mrs. Charlotte Miller said the deceased and her mother lived with her. The boy used to give his mother the money he earned and she gave it to witness. She (witness) never knew that her mother received any money except froth her son. Mr. Elliott: Do you suggest that a weekly wage of about ss. was sufficient to keep the boy and his mother? —lt has kept them. Mr. Elliott for the respondents said applicant's case' was based on the supposition that the mother was wholly dependent on the boy's earnings and that without his support she had no means of subsistence. The Judge: lam satisfied that she was not wholly dependent, but that she was partially dependent on the •boy's earnings there is some evidence. Mr. Elliott said he admitted that there, was evidence that to some extent the mother was partially dependent on the earnings of the lad and the respondentshad given the matter careful consideration and come to the con- clusion that if they paid into Court £4O that sum would under the circumstances of the case, be ample to reward her for any pecuniary loss she had sustained. When the boy was working at home his wages very rarely indeed came to as much as 6s. a week. Out of that sum he had to be kept and there was very little remaining for the mother's maintenance. She was therefore only dependent on him to a very small extent. His Honour said he could not ignore the fact that the boy was approaching the end of his apprenticeship, and there was a reasonable expectation that he would con- tinue to share the increased wages with the mother. He did not think ss, a week represented that reasonable expectation, and he awarded the applicant £6O with costs on scale C and counsel's advisory fee. Mr. F. G. Taylor, on behalf of Messrs. Pearson and Knowles, said the defence in the action had been in the conduct of an insurance company, and the line of defence on which his Honour commented was nottunder the control of the Pearson an' Knowles Company in anyway. _ _

His Honour : lam very glad to hear that. Mr. Taylor: The company employ 2,0)0 workpeople, and so amicable are the relationships between the masters and the men that every accident happening in the works is settled by the men's committee themselves.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENT AT MESSRS. CREFIELD'S.

Results in County Court Action.

At the Warrington County Court on Thtirsday, before his Honour Deputy Judge Btrachan, K.C..'Harry Carter brought an action under the Employers' Liability Act againstAJessrs.Joseph Crosfield and Sons Ltd.,to recover £7B damages in respect of an accident which occurred on September 11th, 19)8, whereby the plaintiff's finger was crushed in a soap stamping machine at which he WAS at work. Mr. F. Cuthbert Smith (instructed by Mr. T. S. Steel)appeared for the plaintiff and Mr.Xdshead Elliott (instructed by Messrs. Payne, Galloway and Payne) for the respondents. Mr. Cuthbert Smith said the plaintiff, who was fifteen years of age, was injured by getting his finger crushed in asoap stamping machine. He alleged that the accident happened owing to the negligence of the employers in not discovering or remedying a defect or of someone in their employ whose duty it was to do so. The hand soap-stamping machines were capable of turning out a good deal of soap in the course of a day. To every machine a number of girls were accredited and it was their duty to wrap and pack the soap as it was received from the machine. Consequently, if the work was not done quickly enough the girls were kept waiting. Formerly the stamping was done with one • hand, but as accidents happened orders were given that the boys were to work the machine with both hands and thus keep their fingers away from the die. On the date in question plaintiff was stamping when he noticed that a nut on the machine was loose and called to a man named James Cook, whose duty it was to screw it up. Cook evidently had something else to do and told the plaintiff tq go on working, and he would attend to the machine pr6sently. Girls were waiting for soap to wrap, so the boy continued .werkinr, and the stamp, after going up in the ordinary way, suddenly rebounded and creshed the top- of the first anger of his left hand, causing him very severe pain. He ran screaming to another boy and after the injury had been bound up he was taken to the Infirmary where the top of the finger had to be removed. Mr. Steel, who was on extremely good terms with Messrs. Crosfield, was invited to inspect the machine whilst at work and did sa along with a representative of the Insurance Company. When a die which was stated to be the one in use ,when the accident happened, was placed in the machine, exactly the same thing occurred the rpper die rebounding and striking the lower part of the machine. Plaintiff was called and said the machine had often not acted properly and his fingers had been just touched once or twice before. He corroborated Mr. Smith's statement as to how the accident occurred and was emphatio that he used both hands to work the mairlaine. After the accident Alfred Long, the foreman of the department, said "I'll bet you were stamping with one hand" but witness said "I was not" and another employee coroborated him. William Warburton, another boy employed in the department, said he heard plaintiff call to Cook but he did not think Cook went to the machine.

John Wright, aged fifteen, who was working near, said that in his opinion the plaintiff was using both lands, although witness did not actually see the accident. Elwin Tatlock, soap stamper, who said he met with an accident thirteen months ago whilst working a machine with one hand, said that when the nut was loose the die came down more easily. Mr. T. Steel, solicitor, then related what took place when he visited the works to inspect the machine. Three dies were used in succession but it was admitted that not one of \ them was the die actually worked on the machine when the accident occurred. Witness insisted that the die in question should be pro- duced and the man in charge then fixed another which he definitely stated was the one used when. plaintiff was injured. When he began to work the machine two or three pieces of spsp stuck in the die and one was crushed. The most remarkable thing, however, was that on two occasions the die came down to the lower part of the machine, as it was alleged it did on the day of the accident. When they left the works witness remarked to the representative of the Insurance Company" In face of that, are yon not prepared to settle ?' but the representative said he was not. His Honour, at the invitation of Mr. Elliott, decided to visit the works_to see the machine at work.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
TERRIBLE WORKS FATALITIES.

INQUESTS LAST NlGtir. -- Young Mil Killed at Messrs. Fletcher,

Russell's.

Two terrible works fatalities were inquired into by Mr. S. Brighouse, County Coroner, and a jury at the the Warrington Police Station last evening., The first case was that of Johnson Gill Baxter, aged twenty-three years, who resided at 17, Southern-street, Stockton Heath, and how was killed at the works of Messrs,. Fletcher, Russell and Co., Ltd., on Thursday morning. He was oiling the bearings of a shaft when by some means he got entangled and was whirled round, his body being terribly mutilated. He lived for half an hour.— At the inquest Mr. A. Lewis, Factory Inspector, was present for the Home Office ' • Mr. W. Forshaw appeared on behalf of the firm; Mr. E. Draper represented the relatives, and Mr. A. Browne attended in the interests of an insurance company. George Gill Barter, joiner's apprentice, 17, Southern- street, Stockton Heath, said deceased, who was his brother, was employed as an oiler and greaser at the works of Messrs. Fletcher, Russell and Company Limited. Witness last saw him alive at 5.30 on Thurs- day morning when he was in his usual health. Deceased had been employed by the firm ever since the opening of the Palatine Works about eight years ago. William Henry Gamble, grinder employed by Messrs. Fletcher, Russell and Company Limited, said it was deceased's business to oil the bearings of the shaft which was working about ten feet from the ground. To get to the bearings he had to use a laddLr which he placed against the wall. Witness heard banging and knew that something must be wrong. On running to the shaft he saw a mass of something going round it. The engine was stopped instantly and deceased's body fell from the shaft.

In answer to Mr. Forshaw, witness said the deceased was a good and careful workman. Mr. Lewis said that had the deceased been called upon to mount a ladder resting against the shaft itself, the firm should have provided a guard on the top of the ladder between him and the shafting. The information given to him at the works, however, was that the ladder rested against a brick pillar and deceased reached over to oil the shaft.

The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death." Mr. Forshaw said the directors of the firm very much regretted this sad accident. It was the first which ha'd occurred at the Warrington works ever since they had been in existence—extending over a period of twenty- five years. The firm provided every care and attention for the protection of the men against accidents, but sometimes the unexpected happened, and that had been so in this case. The deceased was a good and careful workman and the directors desired him (Ur. Forshaw) to express their sympathy with , the relatives in th,,ir sad bereavement. •

Mr. Draper thanked th 3 directors for the expression of sympathy and trusted that later it would take a practical form. The Coroner: That is what I always say. Thera are very sad circumstances surrounding this accident. Theleceased had na father or mother and was practi- cally the worker for the family. By getting this position he could keep all those who were dependent. Mr. Browne: I represent the insurance company and those circumstances will be taken into consideration.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
Fatal Overtim3.

Boy Killed at Messrs. Itylidb. Pag,

The second inquiry concerned the death of Philip Hansbury, aged fourteen, 17, Naylor-street, who met his death whilst working at the factory of Messrs. Ryla,nds' Bros. Ltd., on Wednesday eveni&r. Mr. W. Peter Rvlands attended on behalf of the firm. 'Thomas Hansbury, bricklayer, 17, Naylor-street, father of the deceased, said the boy worked' as a wire winder at Messrs. Rylands's and witness last saw him alive at 6.10 on Wednesday morning when he went to work.

As the accident ocnurred after seven o'clock in the evening the Coroner asked Hansbury as to the hours worked by decelasod.

Witnes; said he had been recently working over-time five days in the week—making the hours on these occasions from six o'clock in the morning to nine o'clock in the evening. The Coroner; I thought it was eight hours' work, eight hours' play, and eight shilling's a day. John Gilfoyle, machine man employed by Messrs. Rylands Bros., said deceased was a bobbin winder. The accident occurred at 7.40 on Wednesday evening. Deceased was directing a strand of wire into a machine when, it was presumed, by some means the strand got caught in the revolving machine with the result that deceased was entangled and killed. Deceased might have vvrappel the strand round his bodyand thus caused the accident. Witness was not responsible for his working over-time. Horatio Slack, foreman, said his theory of the acci- dent was that the boy put the strand of wire round his waist to keep it taut, Instead of holding it in his hand, and got too near the machine. The result was that he got fast in the bracket and was killed. Mr. Lewis: Could a guard be placed round this particular machine to protect it?

Witness: It ‘vonlehe detriniontal to the working of the machine.

Witness admitted that on this occasion he was responsible for the boy having to work fifteen hours. Mr. Rylands : If deceased had held the wire on the right hand side, quite loose. instead of putting it round his body, would there have been any danger of the accident happening? Witness : I don't think so.

Mr. Hylands said. they had had two fatal accidents at th 3 works and both had., been the results of machines of that type. He admitted they were dangerous machines. Thdy must be when they wentspinning round at about 1,000 revoth- tions. Both the fatalities—which were the only acci- dents that had occurred at the machines—wonld, in his judgment, have happened if there had been prac- tically any amount of reasonable protection, because on both occasions it was a case of being drawn into the machine through something catching it. If they put a guard along the machine it would obviously be a di "knit thing for a man to put in the heavy weights of wire and there would be a danger of his dropping the wire and hurting himself. If they had anything but absolute protection there would be nothing to prevent the possibility of an accident.

Mr. Lewis iaid he quite accepted the position raised by Mr. Ryl Inds. They would like to be able to over- come the di:ficulties, but at present they could not. A verdict of Accidental death " was returned. Mr. Rylands said he could hardly say how deeply he felt the accident as it was the first he had experienced since he had bean responsible for the management. He hoped the father would accept his strong expression of sympathy and that later he would come to see him and he would allow him the HI compensation which the law provided. With regard to the matter of over- time, that was hardly germane to the inquiry, but he was much shocked to hear the lad had been employed in that way. He understood it was in connection with an urgent order which was bound to be delivered. Fre had no idea a boy of that age would be at work. He had taken steps to stop such overtime in another depart- ment and he hoped in future it would be entirely dis- continued in the works.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S

"ROYAL GINGER "

BISCUITS.

THE NEW TEA TABLE DELICACY.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

ALLEGED SILVER THEFT. CEIARGE AGAINST WIDNES MEN.

At Widnes on Monday, Joseph Carrol, of Albert-road and Michael Riley, of Esher-street, were charged with stealing and receiving 81b. 10azs. of silver, to the value of £2l, the property of J. N. Dennis and C 0.,. copper smelters, Widnes.—Superintendent Strickland asked for a remand until next Monday, as it was necessary to make a test of the silver.—lt appeirs that on Wednes- day Carrot went to a shop in Liverpool and offered the silver for sale. He was told to call again the next day. He went to Liverpool again, and a member of the Liverpool police force was present, and Carrol was questioned and taken into custody. In consequence of the statement he made Riley was arrested in Widnes on Friday night. Riley said he had not seen Carrol since New Year's Day, and when charged said he knew nothing about it. Carrol said, "I did get it from Riley on Wednesday, and he asked me to sell it for him.' The case vs adjourned until Monday next. Riley was allowed bail—himself in £5O and two sureties of £25 ; and Carrol—himself in £l5 and two sureties of £2O.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES WORMY'S DSATiI.

A remarkable Widnes character in the person of Mr. Walter Bray, better known as the "old herbalist," aged seventy years, of Church-street, Widnes, has just pissed away. Originally a chemical labourer, who only received a meagre education in his schooldays, he became master of no fewer than five languages—Latin, Greek, French, German and Hebrew. ide also found time to devote to the science of phrenology, which he also 'mastered, while theology found in him a clever exponent. As a politician he was well versed ia the current topics of the day. To show his ele3toral eccentricity, he vowed at the last municipil election that he would not vote for the publican candidate who had charged twopence for a glass of beer. He also found time to dabble in philosophy and botany, and from the latter his familiar title of the "old herbalist" was derived. He mastered shorthand, and became so practised that he taught others. During his later years one often slay him going his rounds selling tea. His personality and goodness of heart endeared him to many, and Widnes will undoubtedly be the loser by his death.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN' BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Board of Guardians was held at Dutton on Tuesday when there were present :—Alderman Norman (presiding), Rev. E. R. Nunu, Messrs. T. Baxter, T. Wood, J. W. Temperley, J. Douglas, C. E. Linaker, P. Collins, W. R. Morris, T. Wright, S. Woodward, C. E. Linaker' jun., .1. Hallows, C. Roylance, J. Whitley, J. Spruce, El. Eyes, A. Broome, H. Mawdsley, G. Pilling, J. Whitlow, J. H. Davies, H. M. Davies, T. Guest, E. Bretherton, T. -4Antwiss, J. Rutter, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), J.-Cunna.h (master), T. Cooke, W. R. de Prey, James Pearson-(relteving officers). Before commencing the business the chairman wished the Board a very happrnew year. He hoped the Board would continue in the future as happy as in the past. (Hear, hear). Mr. Spruce heartily reciprocated the chairman's wishes and referred sympathetically to the illness of • two of the members of the Board, Mr. J. L. Jones and Mr. Billington. The Finance Committee reported payments of £65 to •to Mr. Cook, £3O to lktr. de Prey, and £2l to Mr. Pearson in out relief. The cost for the quarter for the maintenance of lunatics in the County Asylum was £413 9s. 21 After paying all accounts there was left a balance in the hands of the treasurer of £3,710 14s. Bd. The clerk submitted a Parliamentary Blue Book on the number of paupers relieved on the Ist July, 1906, from which it appeared that on that date there were 108,278 in• London, and 635,283 in the unions outside . London. In Cheshire there were 1,832 able bodied paupers a decrease of 185, or 9•2 per cent. A tabular • statement showing the pauperism gave the Runcorn union as having 804 of all classes, a decrease of 13 compared with July Ist, 1905. In Cheshire 20'5 per 1,000 were in receipt of relief.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN CYCLE CLUB.

On Monday evening meeting of the members of the . Runcorn Cycle Club was held at the Brunner Guild Hall. Mr. R. H. Pringle presided and congratulated , the club upon a very successful year's working. There , was a vary much better balance than last year. The membership was about the same, so it looked as though the expenses had been considerably reduced. He especially congratulated the club upon the success of the cycle parade. It exceeded all their expectations, and they were all very pleased that it turned out so well. The resignation of the treasurer, Mr. W. H. Mack, was announced. The financial report stated that the balance at the beginning of the year was P.,2 153. 3d., and the , receipts-and expenditure left a balance of .£6 14s. lid., I from which £3 will be taken for medals. The reports I were adopted. The following elections took place : , President, Mr. S. Taylor; vice-presidents, the Right I Hon. Sir John Brunner, Alderman N. R. Norman, and Messrs. F. J. Norman, H. Congrieve, and R. H. Posnett ; secretary, Mr. G. A. Kirkham ; treasurer, Mr. G. Powell ; captain for Wednesday section, Mr. Borman ; sob-captain, Mr.G.H. Wheat: captain for Saturday section Vr•• (I.- • ISTII3- I captain, Mr. Cooke iultdt, olt and C.',ring- I hall ; delegates N.C.U., Vfessrs.ll Inks and Gibbs ; revol- tsentaiive on management of Brunner Guild Hall, Mr. Booth ; c.nrumittee. Messrs. Hindley, Presoott,Stanway, Hedgecock,Ashbrooke,Speed, Booth, Smith, mid Jacksoji. The attendance winners of gold medals were announced as follows :—Saturday section, Messrs. J, Green, \V. I Ashbrook,and T. Tattersall ; Wednesday section,Messrs. J. Stanway, G. W. Wheat, and R. Burnam. The Chair- -1 man's suggestion of the club combining with the May Queen festival was considered, and while it was stated that if the festival wore made a town affair the club would support it, the meeting resolved to await the decision of the general meeting of the festival before committing themselves to a decision. It was decided to wind up the season with a dinner, concert and dance.

WIDNES TOWN COUNCIL. FREE SPEECH QUESTION REVIVED.

At the Widnes Town Council meting, held in the Town Hall on Tuesday, over which his Worship the Mayor (Alderman Samuel Ovens) presided, the terms of the settlement of the fre:, speech controversy came on the tapis for the approval of the Council, together with a resolution thanking the ex-Mayor for the efforts he had made in bringing about a settlement. Mr. Clarke moved, "That the Council thank the ex-Mwr (Alderman Quinn) for his endeavours to bring about a settlement of the question, and express their regret that owing to the defiant attitude of the Salva- tion Army his, efforts to vindicate the law, and at the same time settle the dispute in a law-abidiug and peace- ful manner, were unsuccessful." Mr. E. Wood sconded. _ _

i\fr; 15. 'Lewis, who championed the cause of the Salvation Army throughout the controversy, repudiated the resolution, declaring it to be maladroit, and having the intention other than of thanking the ex-mayor.

Aidertnan Sutton Timmis moved-as a furthe; amend- ment that the words" owing to the defiant attitude of the Salvation Army" be struck out.

Mr. Butlough seconded. After a long discussion it was carried. the Council agreeing to acc3pt the 9,:nended resolution of Mr. Clarke.

Mr. Lewis, in moving the adoption of the Health Committee's minutes, stated that the death rate for the part month was 13'Gras against 22.2 last year,a remarkably low death rate for this time of the year. The town was wonderfully free from infectious disease. The birth- rate was satisfactory. It was also decided to invite the Mayoress (Mrs. Owens) to open the huge gas tank at the gasworks,which is now approaching completion.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RUR kL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural Dis- trict Council was held at Dutton on Tuesday, when there were present :—Mr. George Piling (presiding), Rev. E. R. Nunn, Messrs. C. E. Linaker, T. Wright, T. Baxter, S. Woodwarc,, C. E. Linaker, jun., J. Hallows, C. Roylance, J. Whitley, J. Spruce, H. Eyes, A. Broome, H. Mawdsley, J. Whitlow, J. H. Davies, H. M. Davies, T. Guest, E. Brotherton, T. Autwis, J. Rutter, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), J. Farrington (inspector), W. Diggle and J. Swinton (sur- veyors), and Dr. Adams (medical officer.) Complaints having been made as to the lighting of London-road past the canal bridge at Stockton Heath, it was decided to place two new lamps on the roadway. —Mr. Whitley, in seconding the proposition, said the question of the lighting of the streets in Stockton Heath and district was hecoming a very serious one, as it was at present very unsatisfactory. In answer to Mr. Woodward Dr. Adams reported that he had received notification of two cases of scarlet fever at Kingsley. He had not however, been able to visit the cases.

111-r. Woodward said he had been informed that the cases were reported over a fortnight ago and nothing had been done by the public health authJ rity. He understood that one child in the peeling stage of scarlet fever had been running about the village. That state of things wanted carefully going into. They were !pending - £4OO a year for the upkeep of an Isolation hospital and for such a state of things as that to arise was a crying scandal. He did not blame any man unheard but it seemed to him that serious enquiry should be mule into the circumstances. It was no •me them spending so much money to prevent the spread of disease if that kind of thing was to be countenanced. _ .

Dr. Adams suggested that the remedy lay iu.prosecut- ing under the Public Health Act. Mr. Woodward: There is another remedy. When a notification takes place a visitation should be made immediately. Dr. Adams: I have arranged to go over to Kingsley. Mr. Pilling: It is too late now. It is eighteen days since notification. Dr. Adams: I will enquire into the cases reported by Mr. Woodward. Mr. Pilling: Is your machine all right? (Laughter.) Mr. Rovlanoe protested that it was not a laughing matter. It was the duty.of the Council to see that their Medical Officer kept in touch with all cases of disease. Dr. Adams reported that during the month there had been 17 cases of scarlet fever and 16 cases of diptheria

===== 0002601_19070112_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON

MUSICAL APPOINTMENT.

Mr. Samuel Dring, who recently removed to Chester from Earlestown, has been appointed organist at All Saints' Church, Hoole, Chester, and has resigned the position of organist and choirmaster at Winwick Asylum, which he has held for some years, to take up his new duty. ENTERTAINMENT AT WINWICK.

I The childrep's entertainment was given on Wednes- day evening last week before a large audience. The first part of the programme was taken up with a cantata entitled " Will-o'-the-the-Wisp," in which the following played their parts well :—King, C. Sandiford ; Queen Daisy Jones; Lord Chamberlain, Edwin Oulton ; Gold Stick, W. Ralph; Silver Stick, Joseph Potter; Herald, L. Crompton; Page, R. Edgington ; Ladies in Waiting, E. Yates and M. Blackledge ; Peter, C. Singleton ; Rosie, J. Copple ; and Will-o'-the-Wisp, H. Crompton • Court Ladies, NI. and A. Monks, E. and M. Sankey. E: Singleton, Dora Jones, Nancy Copple, and Gerty Crompton.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
MUSICAL SUCCESSES.

At a recent examinatian of the Incorporated Society of Musicians, held at the Wigan centre, Miss Madge Longton, of Fairbrathers Farm, Newton, successfully passed the Elementary Grade; and Miss Florence Potter, of Legh-street, Rarlestown, successfully passed the Preliminary Grade for pianoforte playing. Both are pupils of Miss Nellie Williarnsou. of 23, Cross-lane, Earlestown :—At the examinations held in the Phil- harmonic Hall, Liverpocl, under the auspices of the London College of Music, the following pupils of Mr. W. E. Forshaw, Flaydock School of Music, were successful ;—For Primary Pianoforte Playing, Miss E. Alker (83 marks) ; Nfaster jl-1. Marsh (80 marks) ; for Intermediate Violin Playing, Mr. H. Ormshaw, of Laurel Cottage, Lawton, obtained 83 marks, thus being awarded an honours certificate. Dr._ Orlando Mansfield, Alas. Bac., F.R.C.0., was the examiner.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARITY CONCERT.

In aid of the Quarter Century Fund of the Church of England Waifs and Strays' Society, a concert was given on Friday evening at the Town Hall. The attendance was small. The Earlestown Male Voice Quartette Party (Messrs. Mather, Turner, Goslin, and Sad- worth), Mr. Ted Pearce (basso), Mr. J. Rabbit (tenor), Miss Carrie Hastings (soprano), Miss Nora Fairclough (violinist), and Miss Airey con- tributed to the programme. The pianoforte accom- paniments were played by Miss Fairclough, of Latchford. Mr. Kelly, of, Liverpool, dalivered short address on the work of the society, and referred to the splendid support they had received from Newton. In the Liverpool Diocese tbe society-bad done a noble work. When he became chairman they had five children boarded out, and an income of £lOO per year. Now they had 200 children, and an income of £4,000. The children were those of the very poor, who were found adrift. After full injuiry they were taken by the society to a home or boarded with foster parents. Each cost £l5 a year to bring up, and for that money they were brought up in a sensible and practical manner. The girls were trained as domestics, and the boys put to trades. One of the girls recently came to the office and gave them £5 17s. of her savings, and an old boy, who is now in America, sent a hundred dollars. Of the cases dealt with, 93 out of every 100 were successful, and there ware no real failures to be recorded. The Quarter-Century Fund was to equip two new homes. .They had got £5OO, and when £l,OOO was raised they would begin to build. They did not want to buy a house, and hoped someone in Newton, perhaps with an empty house, would give them one. No money could be put to a better cause.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

SAD ACCIDENT AT ST. HELENS

Mr. Robert Goldthorp Brook, aged sixty-nine, iron- monger, and a prominent Freemason, on Monday night when passing from his shop to the workshop behind, fell into un area about 12ft. deep, fracturing his thigh and sustaining a large wound on the head.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
COLLIER'S DEATH FROM HEART DISEASE.

- -- Mr. Brighouse, county coroner, held the adjourned inquiry at the Waggon Hotel, Haydock, on Tuesday, into the death of Samuel Plant, collier, who died on Wednesday, December 19. It was thought that death might be due to accidents he had sustained while at work, but a post-mortem examination by four doctors showed that death was-due to heart failure, resulting from the fatty degeneration and dilation of the heart. —A verdict of " Death from natural causes " was returned.

NOT PARTICULAR.

At St. Helens on Monday, Edwin Jones was charged with deserting his four children in Relieving Olcer Cooper said Jones.' /nut nelleCtedhi family for years, and one occasion he was committed _ to the assizes. tin Angnst 23, 1899, he was reported as f9ur_ldArOlvne.d, but he subsequently turned up. At presenL iwo of the children were in the workhouse. The total cost to the guardians had been £292 Cs delusive of the maintenance of the prisoner's wife,who was stiil in the workhouse. fie asked for a week's remand t 9 allow of proceedings being taken under the proper section.—Jones : " lam not particular about a week or two.

THE POLICEMAN'S LIFE. Thomas Docherty, of Appleton, was at St. Helens on on Monday convicted of an assault on Police-constable Mather. The officer said that in the early hours of Sunday morning he was conveying a prisoner to the Town Hall when Docherty came up and said," You are not going to take him." He struck him a severe blow on.the nose, and made blood fly all over the officer's uniform. He kicked and'fought all the way to the station. Docherty struck the officer even before he spoke to him.—.A fine of 20s. and costs, or a month was imposed.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
WRONG KIND OF NEW LEAF.

Henry M'lntee, a young man, of 42, Water-street, was again remanded at St. Helens, on Tuesday, on a charge of maliciflusly wounding his brother.—The Chief Con- stable said the assault took place on Monday night, the 31st ult. Prisoner had been in the Army, but during the twelve months since his discharge he irld refused to work at all regularly. On this Monday night he quarrelled with his brother because he told him that he would have to turn over a new leaf and start working with the opening of the New Year. They fought and were separated, but APlntee followed his brother out and inflicted two serious wounds on his head with a big stone. Erysipelas had now set in, and the brother had been taken to hospital, so that another remand was necessary.

ST. HELENS OIL STORE ON FIRE. A fire, which consumed most of the stores at a St. Helens oil and hardware shop on Saturday night, caused a good deal of alarm, the flames leaping high in the air and threatening the surrounding property. The fire occurred at 9S, Kirkland-street, where Mr. Thomas Eyres has recently built new premises. Mrs. Byres went into the shed to draw some paraffin oil from the tank for a customer, when it is supposed that a match which she dropped set fire to some straw that had become saturated with paraffin. Immediately the whole place burst into flames, and when Superintendent Lyon and ,the fire brigade arrived, fire was bursting from the shed at all points,and the flames were running up the gable end of a house in Albion-street. Three jets from the main were quickly put on, and the outbreak was con- fined to the shed, which was destroyed. The damage is estimated at about ,glOO, the shed and stock being, fortunately, clverecl by insurance.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
Trades Council.

1 The monthly meeting of thEk Warrington - Trades ! Council was held in the Bold-street Wesleyan school- rolm on Tuesday evening, Mr. T.. Plumb presiding. A letter was read from the -Parliamentary Committee,9f the Trades Union Congress, to the effect that they wished to call the Council's attention to the following resolution passed at, the Trades Union Congress at Liverpool :—" That this Congress strongly protests against municipal work being produced under unfair conditions, and instructs the Parliamentary Com- mittee to draw the attention of local trade councils to ova rill. glet the matter in order to ensure that in future all work of this description shall be executed under conditions recognisedpositi 0n of bym trh. eGvraerailoeuys, tradeseconded by "—On the ll icpkri no; bottom, it was decided that the letter "lie on the anngdlii legislation foilt the table."—A circular from the Workmen's National Housing Council was received asking the Council to same to troeoo: ski 1907 eh 7 e Gover n m e n t m(lentdoagtiiovneseofffectthebySeleet Committee ; (2) as far as those recommendations are suitable, to apply them to towns ; and (3) that similar financial assistance be given to housing in England to that given in Ireland (as promised by Mr. Burns in July last).—lt was pcarsossfienktre3sfo.plu.t,ioan decided to fully endorse the contents of the circular. —The Secretary (Mr. E. Plinston) congratulated Councillor Stott on his appointment as a justice of the peace for the borough.

CHURCH CLUBS BILLIARD LEAGUE. IST DIVISION. Fixtures, Thursday, Jauuary 17th:— St. Georges v. Padgate. St. Clement's v. St. Paul's. 2ND DIVISION. St. Paul's v. St. Clement's. Padgate v. St. George's.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070112_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, g-o- 3 urrlav January 12 1907 ,j

' ~t..."...'..,<:--...--.: . KILmER's 4 , .....,. D R 0 r- ,- 107-up., ......;-eff...,,,r,.,... ...v. ~..,,..,,- . _... ..,, -,T, -, 4 • . „y,a, •-:s7:::w3'...*:;ifi:-.k.-., . .5. = - ',..:.•,:;-i c;,.'.. . ~;.t ;•".:- '..-.5::i, .: .. ':-.•.;., .- • •,,,, . , -,!, lAet4 . . . -_. . 4.;::';••••••:::;;;W:' -.:-' . *l.. .1.---. '• . -::F -—--'4 ": ' ''',ltz;::.--E,....%•-• -,, •-•••••4::: ,- w • , . . •• I's-- .---' . "•-•.xt.::.'..,',...„...''.:'-''" .„ —:: ~.- v _'7. ,•-•.:--. :•'....4...3,,..i. • '!.' -1.--zt• i . , • , , - ..A..!•.-... ,1) '":',''' - ~,,,0 `'" ...,*' . rig 4:•••44, „....: • ~ 4:.••••,• . 1 .t.-'• -:', ',l. • _ 4.4:1,-e _ 4;,•:'•;,,A, ..r. • - . , , 1111 : -- '•• ' ..- 5,., • 4 . - , .... .. ..,.. 41,4 • _. . „ .::>• ', r.r. 4 ,; :. 4V, ; - • .... 4 , . . ' ".,. '' • r • i - ... • ' ' , .Y.%, . j... , ~....? ,• .•' • 'V':''`..... ' „400Litic .•,..kra • 44111.,Z., , ' 41.,,,....r _ ........1.:•:•:!. I - . .1.::.• '.:•'47;". ••,,, „ - , , '•. . - , \ I ''''' ';4;r .-.1 It '' •-- - . . .. . • . 4111. .• , 4 . r • - . . '-;\ ." •'.' 1 ' . ' . .;) -.. : • 'll' . I .1. : :•.:4:;1. . • ..1.15 ~ , ~.• 7:,....7., ;If. .. . '''' . . . ,:t1 4 IF F-I?.SEl'gf.. , . „ „ , .. . . . . . . . ~. ' . . '''' "- - -.- —-4- - .. , • - . ~, , _ • uncle Ned'"\ -- . _ .. •.,,,•:._ . , ... ,0rwi:.2..,:i...,,,...-,iii.,- , . ...,,*% ....„ ~:.... ~.; 'llll-- -h;.•,,,z,- ..„ •:-. --k,;.. - . .-- - - . it' • ~,----- • .--- - ,•:-.1.e , 4...... ' ~ , .. ' ....' .....:T,,',. ....* • ,: ' .701. , :?':-'" 55.:17,..L' .. - • -, ,;,...?t- i':..-.'S, •••.!: -. ' : ,N:' -:.4'.'..„ ~ .e. ~, t •'. 1, , ~., . ..11,1/4f.,- '4.!,,ik • Dear Uncle Ned,—l am writing to wish yol 'iq: li.••••• 1.. •- -; ..- a very merry Christmas and a bright Nei Year. I am looking eagerly forward to Christ / mas Day, and I hope your letter-box will b full of Christmas greetings from your man: . 0 p-r-T,sh nephews and nieces. I enjoyed readiag you P e G;.--eat Kiki-inev, Liver and Bladder ~,__ tire ,•-•• Christmas letter very much indeed 0 Onc, ...... _ more wishing you a very ha ppy Ch. mas, . rist an 1 , .. . ng you will like the card lam sendin nhealthy Kidneys. 1 your bead ache and back ache, cause indh;estion,st_omach 1 How to Find Out. practice, and is taken by doctors themselves in who have 1 kidney ailments, because,. they r_ecognize it the Sample Bottle Free. hopiyou, I

Are responsible for many kinds of diseases, and if ( permitted to continue much suffering and many fatal I results are sure to follow. Kidney trouble irritates the nerves, makes you dizzy, restless, sleepless and irritahlo. Makes you pass water often during the day and obliges you to get up many times during the night. Unhealthy kidneys cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the bladder, am n or dull ache in the back, joints and muscles; make

and liver trouble; give you a sallowyelrow complexion-, If there is any doubt in your mind as to yottr con- makes you feel as though you had heart troubie ; you dition, take from your urine on rising about four ounces, may have plenty of ambition, but no strength ; you place it in a glass 'or bottle and let it stand twenty- get weak and waste away. four hours. If on examinatidn it is milky or Cloudy, if The cure for these troubles is Dr. Khmer's Swamp- there is a brick dust settling, or if small particles float Root, the world-famous kidney remedy. In taking about in it, your kidneys are in need of immediate swamp-Root you afford natural help to Nature, for attention. ; Swamp-Root is the most perfect beater and gentle aid Sivamp-Root is pleasant to take and is used in leading !to the kidneys that is known to medical science. hospitals, recommended by physicians in their private

—metira." At --"Jarceiona ne • assumed znie military governorship on the day after the bomb was thrown in the Li-ceo Theatre. He estab- lished a reign of terror in the town; his troopers swept the streets, arresting whom they close; seven Anarchists were shot after a very summary trial; and order was speedily restored.

* * Although the late Sir Charles Tennant was a man of great commercial activity, he found time to form one of the finest, existing collections of pictures by English masters in his house in Grosvenor-square. Of Sir Joshua' Reynold's works he possessed the famous Viscountess Crosbie, the well-known "Collina (Lady Ger- trude Fitzpatrick)" and the "Fortune Tellers," which came from the Blenheim collection; while his Gainsboroughs included the beautiful canvas, "River Scene -with Barges," and his Romneys "Mrs. Jordan in the Romping Girl." It was Sir Charles Tennant who secured Millais' fine portrait of Mr. Gladstone when the late Duke of Westminster, after the "great betrayal," re- moved the picture from his walls. It was after- wards presented to the National Portrait Gallery. •

At Spelthorne Petty Sessions William Francis Volant Young, 50, tram driver, was sentenced to four months' imprisonment for stealing £283 is. 11d., the money of the Slate and Loan Club, attached to the Fulwell Depot of the London United Tramway Company, of which he was secretary.

The Norfolk Chamber of Agriculture, meet- ing at Lynn, passed a resolution calling upon the county education authority to reduce its expenditure on education. The farmers wanted the boys to commence working on the land at twelve years of age. One speaker said agricul- ture was in such a bad state that if any more burdens were placed upon the industry it would be brought to the ground.

CHILDREN'S COUGHS.

Nothirg could be better or safer than ircio's Lightning Cough Cut,.

Mrs. BUCHANAN, E. 9 RAEBERRY ST. •-;LASGOW., writes 'clier 20th, 5904, think it my duty :pre you my inion of VENO'S IGHTNING OUCH CURE. 'ou could not have 7en it a better lame; it has proved "LIGHTNING" cIIJGH CURE IO my Jur children with booping 'cough. 'ley suffered since 'April; they were cured in one .elm by your Cough -re. I will neva be w. have givei .to most of my friends because I have so much faith in it. I thought I was going to lose two of My children; they ceuld neither eat nor sleep, but now they can go out in all weathers. They like your Cough Cure, and won't go to bed without it. ASK FOR

ttigcluLaipEtittig

'Pe purest and most efficient Remedy procurable fur Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Catarrh, Weak Lungs *44 Children's Coughs. 1/1i and 2,9 per bottle. At all Chemists and Drug Stores everywhere.

" SUNDAY."

greatest and most successful reedy rot kidney, liver, and bladder troubles.

So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly curing even the most distressing cases of kidney, liver or bladder troubles, that to prove ita wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle and a book of valuable, informa- tion, both sent absolutely free. The book contains many of the thousands of testimonial letters from men and women cured. All renders are acvised to send for a sample bottle to Dr. Kilmer and Co., Dept. 329, Temple Chambers, London, E.C.

If you are already convinced that Swamp-loot is what you need, you can purchase the regular is. lid., 2s. 3d. and 4s. 6d. size bottles from any chemist or store. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, - and the addresr., Dept. 329, Temple Chambers, London, E.C. Accept no Substitute.

band down tne ecage .01 .lie fronts, and finishing in a bow at the waist. The pleats are held in place by large .velvet-covered buttons, some also being used to decorate the double box-pleat down the front of the skirt. The rest of the skirt is arranged in:single stitched-down pleats. The sleeves have 'double puffs, which are divided by a band of velvet, and are completed With long cuffs finished at the wrists with narrow turned-back -cuffs.

remain, your affectionate niece,

MARGARET MARY PRESS.

V

===== 0002601_19070112_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS

The Alleged Poisoning at Padgate. A meeting of the Warrington Beard of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday under the presi- dency of Mr. J. Billinge. There. were also present : Mrs. Clay, Mrs. Wilkinson, Miss Broadbent, Rev. T. R. Matthews, Dr. Patterson, Messrs. W. Hickman, S. Davies, J. Payton, T. H. Ashcroft, G. lhompson, W. Houghton, G. Mather, A. Brooks, A. J. Jolley, W. Ilannagan, W. Brooks, J. Backhouse, R. Bolton, M. W. Seton,J. C. Sutton (clerk) and A. Wright(superintendent of Padgate schools. THE ALLEGED POISONING AT PAD° ATE. The minutes of the Padgate Schools Committee having been read, Mr.iiicK MAN said he hoped there would be a report about the health of the children as it had been stated in the town that many of the children had been suffering from ptomaine poisoning. Perhaps the Chairman of the Committee would be able to assure them that things were satisfactory. Mr. MATHER (chairman of the committee) said he believed some of the children were somewhat indis- posed a week or ten days ago for an hour or two. Whether it was through the Christmas festivities or not he could not tell, but still there was the outbreak of sickness. It was a case of "much ado about nothing "as the children were now all right, and there were no after-effects whatever. Mr. HICKMAN : A great many people in the town have been much concerned about it. Mr. MATHER expressed his surprise at the report published in an evening paper which also issued a huge 'placard. Little things seemed to disturb little minds. Mr. HOUGHTON said people who lived very rear to the institution knew nothing about the outbreak. There was nothing serious. The matter then dropped. THE HOUSE. It was reported on December 28th,that the number of inmates of the House was 466 compared with 521 for the corresponding day last year. NEW LAUNDRY MACHINERY. It will be remembered that the Board recently sanctioned the purchase of a new electric " callendering ' machine to be installed in the laundry. Mr. HICKMAN now asked if the introduction of the machine would affect the electric plant. Had they already sufficient electricity to run the plant without inconveniencing their present arrangements. Mr. THOMPSON said the question would be answered later as the House Committee had the matter under consideration.

DONATION TO THE INFIRMARY. The Local Goverument Board wrote consenting to the Guardians subscribing the sum of £lOO for one year to the funds of the Warrington Infirmary instewl of £lO 10s. the usual subscription. The increased amount will be handed over to the extension fund.

THE N.S.P.C.C. Mr. PARR, a director of the N.S.P.C.C., wrote warmly thanking the Guardians for their donation of fire guineas to the funds of the institution. DEPUTATIONS.

SOME PARTICULARS WANTED. Mr. BOLTON asked if it were true that it took five persons—four members of the Board and the resident medical officer—to go and poichase certain instruments required by the doctor. If so, he considered it out- rageous. The CHAIRMAN said the purchase of the instruments was left to a sub-committee. Mr. BOLTON said that if the facts were as he had stated, it was a complete waste of money. The CHAIRMAN said Mr. Bolton was out of order in raising the matter now. Mr. BOLTON said he would like a return of all the deputations which had taken place of the past year— as to who had constituted them and the cost. He thought it would be an eye-opener. He would place a notice of motion on the agenda for the next meeting.

COMPLIMENTS- OF THE SEASON. At the close of the meeting the CHAIRMAN wished -the Guardians and staff a bright, happy and prosperous New Year.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
AN AFFLICTED MARRIED COUPLE

One Reduced by Influenza. The Other a Wretched Anemic; Health Ruined by Rheumatic Fever. Both Made Well. Two Remarkable Cures by

===== 0002601_19070112_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
Dr.WILLIAMT PINK PILLS

In health and in sickness Mr. and Mrs. Whitlock, of 7 tedbury-street, Leeds, like other married folk, have had 'their share of trouble, but such a remarkable change has been wrought in their lives by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People that they are anxions for others to hear their experience. THE HUSBAND'S STATEMENT. - - -

" Snatching meals at odd times," said Mr. Whitlock, and having to be outdoors in all sorts of weather had its effect upon me in time ; in fact, my constitution gave way under the strain at last, so that when I con- ! tracted a severe cold my strength was too reduced for ! me to throw it off,and I had to take to my bed a victim of violent influenza. 64 '"hi-ins attacked me in the chest and i

Fierce shooting pai back. I could not lift my head owing to intense pains. Food was distasteful to roe; I could not even digest bread and butter. My nerves were unstrung, and the least sound jarred on me, while my sleep at night was ' disturbed by horrible dreams. "I lost flesh rapidly, and fell away so weak that I could not stand ; my joints became stiff and very puffy, and the skin on my body was dry and irritated terriby. It was even a struggle to get my breath. "I began to desmir of every regaining strength, or getting well, when I was strongly advised to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. Heartily sick of taking medicines, I decided to give the pills a trial. I noticed a slight improvement after taking two boxes, and on continuing my appetite returned, and I could : eat and digest my food. The pains in my chest and back disappeor!d, and all traces of influenza left me. I, could .1,2, well at night, and awoke in the morning -..1-.igorated. I persevered with Dr. Williams' Pink. Pills, and put on flesh ; fr9m the time I began taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills I never looked back. From a physical wreck they rattle me a strong and healthy man. THE WIFE'S STATEMENT.

Mrs. Whitlock then added her praise for Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. "Five years ago,' she said, " I was a sufferer from that. great scourge so prevalent among women—antemia. I became tired and languid; my breathing was short and acceinpanied by sharp shooting pains in the chest and back like knife stabs. I could not bear the sight of food ; if I swallowed even the least morsel it caussd severe • ains in the chest j with an inclination to vomit. My face was deathly , pale and my lips livid ; day and night I was always tired out, r gradually grew weaker and weaker until, I after a cold, rheumatic fever set in, and for months I I lay in bed hopeless, unable to move hand or foot, and 1 suffering agonies. So distressingly weak and nervous did I become that the slightest thing brought on fits of hysteria. Sometimes, on attempting to get out of bed , I would fall back exhausted. Medicine seemed powerless to help me. Then I decided to try Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People. I did, and after four boxes my gtomach could retain solid food, and I enjoyed peaceful sleep. Soon all traces of rheumatic fever left me ; I regained the use of my limbs. I could feel the new blood coursing : through my veins, and anmmia no longer troubled me. ! I thank Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for my cure and present i good health." The Rich Red Blood of Health is made by Dr. 1 Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People with every dose • ' that is how they have I cured so many cases of j A n is m i a, Influenza's. After-Effects, Indiges- tion,P alpi tations,! Rheumatism, Sciatica, ' Neuralgia, S. Vitus' Dance, Eczema, Nervous Disorders, Paralysis, Effects of Overwork or Worry, also Ladies' Ailments. But only the genuine pills cure, those bearing the full name (seven words as above). Of all dealers or from the British Depot, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, post free, 2s. 9d. for one box, or 13s. 9d. for six boxes.

iTTi

_

s F R Lt °PILE, r

===== 0002601_19070112_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
A Message to the Nation.

As representatives of various Christian bodies in England, we desire to call the attention of out' fellow countrymen to the combined-efforts which are being made to set forth explicity and forcibly the principle of Sunday Observance, We believe it to be literally impossible to exaggerate the importance-of this matter to the well being of the nation.

It is not merely that one day's rest in seven con- tributes vastly to the physical and, mental efficiency of men, women, and children, and tends to make our home life more truly what English home life ought to be. Under the sacred sanction which attaches to the Lord's Day, it is intended that all should have opportunity, in the worship of Almighty God, to escape from the grip of ordinary cares and occupations into regions of higher thought and nobler aspiration. Wel,are convinced that on adequate and reasonable Sunday Observance depends in no small measure the possibility of promoting in England the deeper, the more sacred, and the more enduring interests of our common life. RANDALL CANTAUR : ± FRANCIS, Ar hbishop of Westminister. J. SCOTT LI DGETT, President of the National Council of the Evangelical Free Churches.

New Year's Day; 1907. We are requested to state that further information as to the Sunday National Observance Movement referred to in the above message, together with full particulars as to the practical steps which it is proposed to adopt, will be supplied upon application to the Hon. Secretaries, 1, Alhemarle-street, London, W.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS-FASHiON-HOME.

"GOLDEN VO,ICES.''

The fact that Madame Melba was able to settle upon her son, on his marriage the other day with - Miss _ Ruby,. Otway, the considerable sum of £1,500 a-year, besides bestowing upon himi a castle and an estate neat Killarney, and much elegant furniture therefor, illustrates to some ex- tent what a harvest of gold is yielded by the voice of the world's great prima donna. The earnings of such queens of song as Melba, Patti, Calve, and the rest are rightly—having regard to the. delicacy of the vocal organs and the large sums of vmoney expended in the perfect training of the artist—colossal. Patti has probably broken recent records •in fees. Her highest recorded re- muneration was at Monte Video, where for two seasons of sixty nights she received £1,200 a, night, thus making during a week of three ap- pearances the large Sum of £3,600. Her largest fees at Covent Garden (in the days of Mapleson) were at the rate of £l,OOO a performance.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
AMAZON CLOTH "COSTUME.

The neat costume depicted in our illustration is carried out in brown Amazon cloth. The coat fits closely to the figure, the plastron effect Icing arrived at by a line of narrow black and gold braid, which also conceals the join of the little cape-like epaulettes over the shoulders. The waist is encircled with a belt composed of rows i of braid, and the short basque s cut with a square-shaped tab at each side to 'follow the line of the plastron. It is outlined with braid and

adorned with fancy brown buttons. The' sleeves are full at the top, and finish at the elbow with loose hanging cuffs edged with braid. The skirt is plain and full, and is trimmed with a strap of cloth edged with braid, the lower edge being cut with ,rnall tabs to match the basque. The narrow roll collar- might be faced with brown velvet, or with some bright contrasting colour such as cherry-red, the hat being of the same bright hue.

4;41, i I - . . . . . . . • la A. 4 ..1 ( tieV7/j . 1 ll' , , \ s \\\ \ \ \ A t \ \ \ A \V" t.. ; I IlL\', ' •,--1 ^ % , . , - •i 1

===== 0002601_19070112_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIETY WOMAN'S MEAN TRICK.

The following story of a lady, well known in society, was told me the other day, says a writer in P.T.0., which is as dishonest as theft. The lady in question came to a well-known shop in Regent-street, and asked to look at lovely and .very expensive coats. Choosing one of the most beautiful, she begged to be allowed to have it on approval, as she never purchased anything without her husband's good taste in the matter. This request was granted her, and at a smart wedding next- day she wore it. The following day she returned to he shop with the ceat,_ tell- ing the head man there how sorry she was not to take it, but her husband did not like ;t at all, and thought it very unbecoMing to her. The answer to her was this (fortunately, the artistic head man - had been to this wedding to sketch the. dresses): "Madame, I am sorry, and I 'do not understand it, as I thought I ha.d never seen you look better in anything than in this coat at Lady A.'s wedding yesterday,"

===== 0002601_19070112_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
NOT To BE Usto,

A young lady friend of mine, says a writer in the World, colk.ct., words and phrases that, al- though" curre:aly employed by people in good position, would not be Used by, shall, we say, the smart set. I append a short but instructive list: Sleeve-tidy, serviette?, table-centre, draped -man- tel, nice gentleman, evening vest, dress-shirt, lounge-suit, _sweetly pretty, a great/girl like me, what do you fancy? an occasional table, and k whatnot, while to the fairly reasonable questiorr "Do you take Milk and sugar?" my friend coldly replies, "We only take medicine.'

===== 0002601_19070112_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
MYRTLE-GREEN SERGE FROCK

Myrtle-green 'woollen material such as serge or cashmere is used for the realisation of this smart little frock. As will be seen- in the illus- tration, the bodice is crossed , over in front, the

fulness at the shoulaer; -h-eit7-tir-ran-g-ed in large pleats where it is set into the yoke of myrtle- green velvet, the yoke extending in a narrow

' , ... • r .Ir. .. - ',wt.,- ••. - ' 1,1 , .1 ' .' 4 • t, il 0 / • ..: i',/ . . i . '.87) j/ ' • ':. / //: - v \ , 4 , _OO, t.:1., \ \•, 1 It. i /ill, ii i'• ti iri \ iri r , vviil

===== 0002601_19070112_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
SCENTS AND SENSE,

Some ingenious person has discovered that certain scents have a remarkable effect upon the senses and proceeds in all seriousness to detail extraordinary results of their use. Those of us, we are told, who wish to train as highly suc- cessful business men and women are advised, to have their handkerchiefs properly saturated with essence of peppermint during business hours. Essence of magnolia moves the user to warlike passions. The scent of the violet produces the spirit of placid devotion, while strangely enough tat of the lily causes obstinacy. '

===== 0002601_19070112_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

(Errs z SURPRISE.—BoiI six or eight eggs for ten minutes, immerse them in cold water, and remove the shells. Cut off each end and take out the yolks with an apple corer, chop the yolks, mix them with 3oz. or 4oz. of finely. chopped cooked turbot or sole and a few chopped shrimps. Add sufficient sauce to bind it, and the, yolk of a raw- egg, fill the eggs with the prepara- tion, roll them first in breadcrumbs, then in beatAn egg, and again in breaderumbs. fry them in a stewpan of hot lard. Dish them in an up- right position in two straight rows on a thin layer of mashed potato, and pour nicely- flavoured white sauce round them.

Pancakes

-or

- drop scones, - .17 Oainty for Z-ea as hi the "the /an o' ca/res."

MOTHER . . • , :., ... ~, vi,,... ,-;:;,, , i•A ..• , '4 .1, Ai • - ''-i.1.,. -Z SYRUP Acts directly on stomach, liver --4 r: and bowels, and by restoring gA,. i them to healthy natural activity ...,:.:-., puts an end to all digestive troubles. This is the only way to cure biliousness. You must ..„,_.--r› strengthen your liver that the flow of bile may be regular and 4 . I even. Too much is as bad as '- too little, and both cause un- told suffering. Mother Seigel's ..„ L Syrup strengthens the liver, . cleanses the whole system and _ - ' so promptly . .0 '' • '1 ' , 41! `..,. G.,-.,% 0 .4 •tal3 *Aid % '4;'' 0 r

Row

"My wife used to suffer terribly from biliousness and indiges- tion. She had pains in her back between" the shoulders, and in her stomach too. She also suffered much from wind and bad headaches, and was quite run down and out of sorts. Mother Seigel's Syrup,however, ston made her as well as ever." From Mr. Albert Till, Blacksmith. Royal Oak, near Marden, Kent.

/ L...". ‘-' 4 "Scotch LP $,, • "'"), \ ' -t-, .r-• ~,--- . ,

===== 0002601_19070112_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
• • 411 d :t. , g ‘Ol ro

Constipation, Anmrnia, Headache, Wind, and

Ail Digestive Troubles

The 216 bottle contains three times as much as the 111% size.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
IFY DEAR NIECES AND NEPHEWS,

„. Well! what do you think of it? Waking m up on Boxing orning and finding about three feet of snow outside I Wasn't it too delightfully seasonable, so ChristmasSy.? I could hardly believe my eyes, and I can tell you it was not long before I was out, old as I am, my dears. In fact, I, must confess I actually indulged in a game of snowballs. Of course, you would not think of such a thing, or of sliding, and other things—but I don't think I'd trust you, any- way. You know I was young myself once—well, as far as sliding and snowballing goes, that is the bright side of things; but, then, we must think what it means to those who have to work, and are prevented by the downfall on Boxing Day. It's this side of the question that compels me to appeal to all my nieces and nephews and their friends to send me spine nice warm clothing for poor, shivering little ones. I have distributed all that has been sent me, so I shall appreciate any further gifts of a similar kind while this beautiful, yet dread- ful weather lasts. My post to-day is not very heavy, but, eolisidering the season, I did not look for a lot of contributions. For those who have sent—Best thanks!

From UNCLE NEI).

===== 0002601_19070112_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
REPLIES TO CONTRIBUTORS

NANCY E. P.—lt was kind of you to send me the story, but I have already received the same from another contributor. In future, a tale of about a quarter the length would be better, as I ,dannot spare ' so much space—still, many thanks.

ERNEST H.—One of your tales, Ernest, was also sent in by another member. Please read reply to Nancy E. P.

MARGARET M. P.—Thank you, Margaret. 1 hope you had a merry Christmas. The card is extremely pretty.

ALICE L.—l have not yet received your kind gift, but expect I shall in a day or two, when I will be able to tell you how 1 like it. It is very kind of you.

Dear Uncle Ned,—l will now tell you about "The Happiest Christmas I ever Spent." I believe the happiest Christmas I ever spent was in the year 1903. I rose up early on Christ- mas ''morning, hoping to enjoy myselt thoroughly. After having my breakfast, I went to see a football match, which I enjoyed very mueh. Then came dinner-time, which we were all eagerly looking for. We soon ate the Christmas puddings and some of the turkey, which we left for the following day. Then came the most enjoyable part of the day for me. I went to the Sunday school tea party. After, we had had our tea, we played numerous funny games. The first game we played was: —" Sticking the Donkey's Tail on Blindfolded." The first time I tried I stuck it on its eye; my brother stuck it on his leg, and I don't think anyone stuck it on in the right place. The boy who won the prize stuck it on the thigh of its hind leg. I only won one prize, which my brother did the work to obtain. I was on my brother's back, and he raced two other boys. We played numerous games, including draughts, ludo, ring the bell, bite apple, and other games. Then we had a bag containing nuts, oranges, and apples, which I did ample justice to while we were haying presents from the Christmas tree. I did not have one, because all the presents were gone when my name was taken out of the bag. We then sung a few Christmas carols, and made our way home after an enjoyable time.

From your loving nephew,

ERNEST HARROLD.

enclose a Christmas greeting card, which I hope you will like. I shall only have two days for my Christmas holidays, but I will write and tell you how I spent them. I hope these few contributions.will please you; sorry I cannot send you some poetry. I see the nieces are sending the most contributions. Wishing a bright and happy Christmas,

W!EN YOU SEE A MAN IN WOEI W'en you see a man in woe Walk right up and say "Hallo!" Say "Hallo!" and "How d'ye do," "How's the world a-usin' you?" Slap the fellow on the back, Bring your -han' down with a whack; ,Waltz right up, an' don't go slow, Grin an' shake an' say " Hallo!" Is he clothed in rags, 0 sho 1 Walk right up an' say "Hallo!" Rags is just a cotton roll, Just for wrappin' up a soul; And. a soul is worth a true Hale and hearty "How d'ye do?" Don't wait for a crowd- to go, Walk right up and say "Hallo 1"

===== 0002601_19070112_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
e.,...,..4.......,...

A gentleman sent his negro servant on an errand to buy. some fish, who was told to get it fresh: - On arriving at the market, Samba went to a fishmonger's stall, picked, up a fish and commenced to smell it, amid much- laughter from the bystanders. The fishmonger got into a rage and shOuted, "What are you smelling that fish for?" "I am not smelling it," re- plied Sambo calmly. "Then, what are you doing?" agked the fishmonger angrily. "1 asked' him what news from the sea?" "And what did he say?" asked the fishmonger. "He said he did not know, because he had not been there for three weeks," replied Slunbo. Know- ing that the fish was not fresh, Samba walked away.

Dear Uncle Ned,—The reason why I know this joke is because at one of our School exhuina- tions we had this for composition.—E. H.

-../.....-

"WHAT NEWS FROM THE SEA ? "

Dear Uncle Ned,—This is the first timW I have written to.you, and you will be surprised to see it is from Australia. In the first place, I will explain to you how I found out about the "Children's Corner." My father came front Alford, and my grandmother and. auntie are still - living there, and they send father a paper once -a . week; and I am great- ly interested in reading the " Corner." - I would like to .beconie one of your members; I see in this week's paper you are offering prizes for fancy work, and I am sorry I- could not send anything in time, but I will make something later on and send you. Per• lisps some of - the children that . read the "Corner." would like to know a littic ak,ut, Australia' so next time I write I wiil tc:l thorn a little about it. Please accept Lie as a io niece. Also hoping to see this letter in print. I am sending you a piece of poetry, called:

===== 0002601_19070112_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
THERE WAS A FAT MAN OF EGKBAY,

There was a fat man of Bombay, 'Who was smoking one sunshthy day; When a bird called a snipe, Flew away with his pire, Which vex'd the fat man of Bombay. NELLIE ATIZIN.

+

RIDDEES,

Why would an owl be offended if you ef::Tcd him a pheasant?—Because you wutlld_ be making game of him: Why does the cock shut his eyes when he crows?—Bee.ause he knows it by Which is the largest roem in the Ivoricil The room for improvement. If a spider were late for dinner, vJt would he do?—Take .a fly. Why are some women like facts —Because they are stubborn things.

Dear 'Uncle Ned,—l am sendinz, you this undervest for some hale child of th,.; poor. I made it myself. Hoping you will like i. I remain, your loving niece, ALICE LADD.

I am sending you two little hope I shall see in. print:—

WHAT WE FIND IN THE EARTH

A school inspector was once examining a class of infants, and asked: ":'7c,v.,, what else do we find in the earth besides coal?" The inspector thought the answer, of enurse, would be " gold " or "copper,' or sonic other metal. But instead of that, a bri:,,,nt little child help up its hand, and said confidently, "Worms, sir!"

WAS IT SANTA CLAUS?

All in the silence of the night, Whilst little Bertie slept, - - A quiet footstep crossed the room,. • And to his bedside crept. And oh! the presents that were spread In beautiful array, To greet the laddie's wplcing eyes Upon the glad new day.

You ask me, "Was it ;Santa Claus?" All I that I may not tell; I only know that it was one Who loved the sleeper well.

A frosty dawning lit the skies, And l3ertie in delight Beheld the treasures that were placed. Beside hirn in the night. A wooden monkey met his gaze As pertly as could be, • A lovely engine stood anear A book of A B C.

You ask me, "Was it Santa Claus?" Ahl this I may not tell; I only know that it was one Whom Bertie loved right well. A. LADD

~...........,....".,. ~, i rez:_• • A 17; . 0 nristian Circle t I •" A . .., A 0 ---ories ~..... - ' , THE BEST PENNY WEEKLY STORIES I I I PUBLISHED. A, 1 DEVERY. SA Y'TURDA . NEWS AGENTS 0 1 1 And BOOKSTALLS. LONG STORIES by such popular Author as: MRS. J. B. HORTON, r th II SYDNEY WATSON, . • FLORENCE HODGKINSON, HELEN HARDIN, I 9 MRS. SYDNEY WATSON. a I Every week an instalment Of JOSEPH HOCKING'S great Story, "THE SCARLET WOMAN." • No Penny Stories yet published contain such ! 11, fascinating and interestmg tales by best Authors 0 1 BIG PRIZE COMPETITION. „ , ORDER AT ONCE. ,----- 12_,4.1.cneortsable to obtain these Stgge:',7rittee, L ePnciratag Id.VAßa=?o7tlWol4' Illmilmaimmisim........m recent ntimbet., tEo ctbe 1 0111111111.1=111111111111111

===== 0002601_19070112_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

On two occasions the General Post Office sent back, as " insufficiently addressed," telegrams to Hall Caine, Isle of Man. Such is fame!

Mr. Haldane, Secretary of State for War, enjoys the reputation of being one of the most amiable men in the House of Commons. Tradi- tion leads us to suppose that it is impossible to make him angry. _

Lord Meath, who, by the way, has long been urging the observance of May 24 as Empire Day, says that there is a difference of four inches in height and fourteen pounds in weight _between the average Eton or Harrow schoolboy and the average youth of the slums at the same age.

Mr. Andrew Carnegie wai asked some time ago whether he thought a penniless boy, without influence, stood as good a chance now in America as in his own early days. His reply was that the boy would probably stand a better chance, as there were so many more openings for enter- prising youths. _ _

When on a yachting cruise, King Edward is absolutely in his element. He chooses only his most intimate friends to accompany-him, and little or no ceremony is observed on board. With his Majesty, Who is the best of sailors, it is a case of early to bed, early to rise, and through- out the twenty-four hours the maxim of the simple life is scrupulously obsPrved. Paderewski. when three years old, used to creep to the piano to listen to music; he had violin lessons at the age of six, but claims that Nature was his first teacher. " She taught me to revere her sounds of forest, field, and brook, her smiles and tear's." He now practises at all • hours of day or night, without any rule but his ow it fancy.

Ras Mekonnen, the famous Abyssinian general, who recently died, was the heir-pre- sumptive to the throne of his country. When King Edward was crowned he came to England as the representative of the Emperor Menelik, and brought his Majesty five lions, two zebras, and twenty-five very fine ivory, tusks, as Corona- tion gifts. Ras Mekonnen wore a very curious official costume, consisting of a white-satin cape, trimmed with golds lace, white silk pantaloons, blue merino socks, tan shoes, and an enormous black fert hat.

With the death of Henry Spencer Chichester. second Baron Templemore, the " Fathership of the House of Lords" paFses to the Earl of Lei- cester. Lord Templemore was four days short of his eighty-fifth birthday. He succeeded to the title in the year that Queen Victoria came to the throne, and 64 years ago he entered the House of Lords.

The Crown Prince of Norway, Prince Olaf, is not yet three years old, but a biography of him has already been written. When his parents were living in Norfolk, King Edward and Queen Alexandra were frequent visitors. The child saw his nurses curtsey, and one day made such a pompous and dignified bow himself that the King burst out laughing. The child began to cry at the insult to his dignity, and it is said that King Edward was reproved by the Queen for showing his, amusement.

Mr. Keir Hardie, the leader of the Labour party in the House of Commons, although self- educated, is a man of great refinement and con- siderable learning. He is an omnivorous reader, an authority on history, and delivers a speech without the sliptest hesitation. He lives the life of an ascetic, and were it not for the fact that he is overwhelmed by a passion to benefit his fellow-workers he would never be seen at St. Stephen's. During the session he resides in London; his holidays he spends in Scotland with his family.

-Mr. Frank DiCksee, R.A. tells an amusing story of an artist's forgetfulness. He met Mr. Andrew C. Gow, R.A., at dinner, and in speak- ing about the latter's "Elijah" suggested there was something unusual about the drawing .of the model's ear. Mr. Gow replied,- L.,at as the ear was completely hidden by hair Mr. Dicksee was mistaken. "I will bet you a shilling," said Mr. Dicksee, "there is something wrong with the convolution of the ear." "Done," said Mr. Gow. Next morning Mr. Dicksee received a pcstcard from his friend—" Owe you a shilling on convolution." Mr. Dicksee is now suspected by his servants of secretly gambling or horse- racing.

' Mr. Charles Santley, the veteran singer, says that one of his most embarrassed moments on the-stage was when he was playing in "The Bo- hemian Girl" with Parepa. At the beginning of the last act Parepa and Santley were singing the duet. Parepa .had just concluded her opening phrase, and Santley was preparing to upbraid her, when, hearing the audience titter, be looked roun I and saw a dog which had trotted on to the stage and was staring him in the face. Horribly indignant, the artiste tried .to drive it away with his foot, but to no purpose. There it remained until the singer had finished; then, rising, it walked unconoernedly to the wings.

Mr. Coningsby Disraeli Can claim' a more illustrious kinship than even that iN-hich con- nects him with Lord Beaconsfield. On the authority of Mr. Lucen Wolf—Unrivalled in the field of Jewish genealogy—Mr. Disraeli by a series of links, of which three are on the spindle side, can trace his descent to Samuel Abarbanel, otherwise known as Don Juan de Sevilla, who was wont to subjoin to his signature the addi- tion "of the posterity of Jesse the Bethle- hemite." The Abarbanels are, therefore, the premier family in Jewry.

Superstitious Spaniards are wondering if his Majesty will ever he so bold as to wear, the "fatal ring," now adorning the statue of the Virgin of Almaden. in the Cathedral of Madrid. It was made, so they say, to the order of Al- fonso's father, and by him presented to Qtieen Mercedes. Within a month she was dead, and his Majesty, with only ttnder thoughts upper- most in his mind, presented the ring to another member of the Royal family. She, too, died suddenly, as also did two more possessors of the fatal gift. -Then the King, defiant of fate, placed the ring on his own finger. Three months after the throne of gpain was vacant; the King was dead.

The name of General Weyler, who was so badly injured in the Madrid outrage, was very familiar to newspaper readers a few years ago. He succeeded Martinez Campos in the Cuban command, and introduced the rigorous measures which ultimately brought about American inter- vention. In Spain he has distinguished himself, on more than one occasion, by the rapid suppres- sion of disorder. In Madrid he quelled, by a simple military promenade, the disturbances Sl7 ed ‘UPPTI the Perfum an ces of

===== 0002601_19070112_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
• " \\ -11110SZZE*'-,----,•:-.,

===== 0002601_19070112_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
CLARKE'S II 41 PILLS are ware' nted to oure,ln either /ex, aUaicuiru for con.i.itUtiona. cha,titrc. from th. UinyOrgu, Gravel and Pu 3 in the beclt. ee (row MetTury. Established upwa, iv of 30 years. In bo: es 4a. Bd each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors th on4b• on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by tt e ma.. re. Ti. Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Uncoln.- Advt.

To WussLow's Soothing Syrup Las beet. used for over tif:y years by millions of mothers for their childran while teethiug, with per;ect success. It will lelieve the poor euffrer imme.,:lately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces Latuarispiet seep, by relieving the child from pia and the little cherubaw alas " as bright as a _buttoa " o' all Chemists Is. lid. per bottle.— dvt. I

===== 0002601_19070112_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
. . - 'lOl a..----..ra..-o* . / . , , . . _ .. . _ . - , . ~... . _ ..... '_ - . ._,— _ . . : . . ,'' k•-•- '..,',.. ,- . ._.„ .„. , , !,,".' -''''' - .. . . . .

• 4rli, :ITB• ; ; '4" - .

excepted. c Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-7.5 10, G 30, 7 30, 7 40, 8 20, 8 30, 8 40, 9 20. 9 30, 9 33, 10 30, 11 5, 11 30, 11 33 11 50, a.m. 12 30, 12 50, 1 0, 130, 145, 230, 2 40, 2 43, 4 0, 4 30, 4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 6 35, 7 30, 7 33, 8 30, 8 36, 8 40, 9 30, blO 50, 11 0, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays' 7 50, 90, 10 55, 11 15 a.m.2 20, 3 20, 40, 4 30, 6 15,6 30, 8 30, 9 35, p.m. Liverpool (L. Sc N.-W.)-2 35' 6 0, 6 10, 8 10, 8 35, 95, 9 30, 9 55, 11 0 a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 2 45, 30, 3 35, 4 20, 4 50, 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 25, 830, U, blO 5, 10 45, bll 15 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays etly.Sundays 7 35,9 20 a.m.2 10, 30,7 15,1045 p.m. Lymm-7 48,8 32,9 14,9 51,11 3 a.m. 1 11/al 37, 25, 2 50, 3 30, 4 18, b 5 31, 5 59, 6 41, 7 31, 9 43, 11 21p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Sundays 8 15 a.m. 2 25, 715 p.m. Manchester (Ceatral)-6 0, G 30, 7 30, 8 30, a 9 5, 9 :10, 9 33,10 5, 10 30, 10 35' 11 20 a.m. 12 30, 12 50, 1 3'o, 2 30, 3 30, 3 45, 4 30, 4 35, 5 30, 60, 6 30, 6 35, 7 10, 7 30, 8 30, 8 :35, 9 20, 10 20, alO 50, 11 0 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 00, 9 5, 9 30, 10 30 a.m. L 40, 2 0,2 5, 5 40, 6 35, 8 30, 9 40 p.m. Manchester (London Road.)-7 5,7 50,9 25, 10 30, a.m. 12 30, bl 5, 2 0,2 55, 3 40, a5O, 5 20, G 5, 6 55, 95, 11 0, p.m. Sundays 7 30. a.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. b Saturdays only. Moore-6 56' 93,11 9 a.m. 12 32, a 3 1, 48, 4 55, 733 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 438 pm, a Wednes- days and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 20, 8 42, 97, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 11 8 a.m. 12 35, n 1 5, al2B, 144, 37, 4 48, 5 5, 5 38, 549,627.730,85, 931, 103, 1! 4, all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3 40, 7 20, 11 7 p.m. a Saturdays only. Padgate-6 30, G 53, 7 55, S 29,90, 10 3 a.m. 1 20, 2 0, 55, 6 18, 7 5. 96, 10 25 11 32 p.m. Sandays 852, 11 14 a.m. 2 33, 9 12, 10 14 p.m. Runcorn-5 55, 8 31, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 21, 14, 3 7, 4 40, 5 11, 6 30, 8 10, 10 10 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 7 50, 8 27, 9 30,10 16, 10 55 a.m.12 36 1 32, 1 40, 2 35, 3 43, 4 35, 5 26,5 313, 6 23, 7 25' S 28, 9 32, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 887, 10 12 a.m. 48, 8 54, p.m. Southport-8 0, 95, 10 15, 10 43, 12 25, 1 30, 2 43, 4 5,4 10, 5 25,7 15,8 5,a9 5,10 o.Sundays 9 0,2 0, 750, a Saturdays only. _

_ Thelvvall-7 51, 8 36, 8 18, 9 53, 11 7 a.m. J 15, al 41. 2 9, 2 55, 3 34, 4 22 b 5, 35, 6 3, 6 45, 7 35,9 47, 11 23 p.m. Sundays, 8 19 a.m. 2 59, 719 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excapted. Wigan (1,. an.l N.4W.)-a2 39, b 3 10, 6 33, 8 15, 9 17, 9 54, 10 0, 11 33 a.m. 12 5, 1 26, 2 30, 3 27, 4 20, 4 56, 520 6 55, 75, 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 39, 930 a.m. 325, 655, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. Widnes (C.L.C.)-8 17, 9 20, 10 6, 10 45 11 47, a.m. 12 25, 1 20, 2 25, 3 31, 4 23, 5 15, 6 13, 7 15, 8 20, 9 22, all 10 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 30, 11 18 a.m. 40, 8 45. 9 0 p.m. Widnes (L. and N.-W.)-7 2, 845, 934, 10 39, 11 55 a.m. 12 52, 2 2, 3 20, 358, 455, 5 55, 6 50,9 6, 11 6 p.m. Sundays 8 14 a.m. 2 50, 7 51, 11 G p.m.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN LEAGUE.

Fixtures and Scores for Season 1906-7.

WARRINGTON.

' For Agst. Sep. 1. Leigh 8. Hull home 33 7 15. St. Helens away 19 10 22. Widnes 20. Broughton R. Oct. G. Salford 13. Leigh Cup Tie 20. Huddersfield home no ' 3 - 27. Barrow Cup Tie i 31. Salford Nov. 3. Wigan - . home 12 5 • 10. Rochdale 17. Oldham Cup Tie 24. Hunslet 26. Swinton home • 20 0 Dec. 1. Broughton R.CupTie at Wigan .6 15 S. Wigan away 2 20 ' 10. Liverpool City 15. Hunslet , 22. Leeds Xmas 25. Leigh home, 15 8 B.Day 28 Liverpool Chy home Postpoqed. 20. Bradford - 1.) 1.1. Jan. 1. Runoorn 1 • .- „ a. St. Helens „ 12. Hulji„ away „ 10. Bra rd home „ 26. Oldham Feb. 2. Widnes • „ 9. Huddersfield „ 12. Halifax „ 16. Oldham • „ 23. Mar. 2. Broughton Rangers home - „ 9. Swinton . „ 16. Cup Tie „ 23 Runcorn away G. Fri. 29. Halifax Mar. 30. Rochdale home Apr. 1. Leeds

===== 0002601_19070112_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
RtTNCOUN.

FOr Agst.

Sept. 1 Oldham - - away 12 8 „ 8 Widnes away 3 11 ft 15 Widnes , 22 Leigh :, 29 Swinton Oct. 6 St. Helens , 13 Widnes Cup Tie away 14 5 27 Salford Cup Tie Nov. 3 _Salford 10 Wigan away 18 13 „ 17 Broughton RCupTie away 0 5 „ 21 Liverpool City home 50 0 „ 24 Barrow Dec. 5 Broughton Rangers away 3 16 „ 8 Liverpool City away 32 0 „ 15 Swinton „ 22 ...Hull • home 30 2 „ 26 Oldham „ 29 Halifax Jan. 1 Warrington awa 11 15 Jan. 9 Halifax „ 19 Barrow away „ 26 York Feb. 2 Hull , away „ 9 Leigh . home „ 16 York away „ 23 St. Helens home Mar. 2 Halifax „ 23 Warrington „ 29 Salford away „ 30 Wigan April 1 Broughton Rangers home

===== 0002601_19070112_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES.

, 1906. For Agst. • , Sept. 8 Runcorn home 11 3 „ 15 Runcorn „ 21 Warrington away 2 31 29 St. HPlens home 11 5 Oct. 6 Rochdale Hornets away 0 17 „ 13 Runcorn Cup Tie home 5 14 .. 20 Liverpool City home 37 4 .. 27 Wigan home 9 27 Nov. 3 St. Helens „ 17 Dewsbnry „ 24 Rochdale Hornets borne 12 0 Dec. 1 Leigh „ 22 Barrow

„ ” 12 Wigan .. 19 Dewsbury • Feb. 2 Warrington „ 16 Leigh home „ 23 • Batrow Mar. 2 Hull away „ 23 Liverpool City.. April 1 Hull

===== 0002601_19070112_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
INCOME-TAX REFORM.

To this month's Financial Review of Reviews Sir Thomas P. Whittaker contributes an important article on the subject of the proposed new. income tax. The article has special significance because it was Sir Thomas Whittaker's report which the Select Com- mittee on the income-tax adopted. and the Financial Review of Reviews is to be congratulated on obtaining what is to a great extent a supplementary report in the shape of an article showing how the committee's income- tax proposals will , work out in practice. Curiously enough the essay which wins the twenty-guinea prize offered by the Review each month is on" Diseountincr the Death Duties." Other articles discuss in a practical way various phases of invistruent, and although the Review is creating quite a new departure by making a feature of political-fnarcisl di,cus.icns by prcrninent public men, it still maintaics fte excellence of its urtioles on sound investment.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
1906.

RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

JANUARY. PROAI WARRINGTON TO

Acton Bridge-7 14, 7 40, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. -12 5, 1 10, 2 55, a 3 '35, 5 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sunday, 10 15 a.m. a.Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 75, 8 35, 9 58, 11 -12, 1)11 55, a.m. 1 50, 4 46, a 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 60, p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 30, 78, 835, 9 58. 1142, 11 55 a.m. 150, 440, 628, -7 20, 8 37, 9S, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.r. 6 0 p.m. b Saturdays only. Chester-7 31, 8 17, 95' 10 23, 11 30 a.m. 12 30, 1 40, 1 58,2 30,319, 4 22, 56,6 4,7 54,8 5,10 20, 11 35 p.m. Sundays 8 41, ft.lll. 7 45, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green-7 5, -8 5, 8 25, 10 10, 10 55 a.m. 12 25 2 45, 3 45, 5 15, 6 37, 7 3, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. . Daresbury-7 31, 9 sa.m. 12 30, 230,3 19, 56, 64, 85,10 20 p.m. Sundays 8 4-1 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill-7 33, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 64, 744 p.m. Sundays 841 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 7 5, 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 9 25, 10 10,10 55, 11 55 a.m. 12 25, 1 15' 2 45,3 45,350, 515, 837, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. a :-,ritnrdays only. Sundays 7 40, 8 35, 8 43- a.m. 5 10, 0 0, 7 57, 9 51 p.rn. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-7 27' 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 80, 10 0 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 31, 9 5 10 23 10 30, a.m. 12 30 2 30,• 3 19,4 22, 5 6, 6 4, 7 51,8 5, 10 20,a1l 35.p.m.Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a setsZown: if required. . Golborne-5 30, 75, 8 35, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 3 50, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. • Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 56, G 4, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 841 a.m.

7,43 p.m'. Irlam,Cadishead-7 0. 7508 S. 9 3 a.m. 22, 4 53, 710, 9 15, all 53 p.m. 'Sundays 8 45, 10 18, 11 32 a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 IS, 935 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 53, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, aS 30, 9 25 p.m. Sundays 6 30,8 46 a.m.3 5,8 10 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liverpool(C.L.C.)-a4 40,5 35,7 5,755,3 2,8 50,9 5, 9 _50,10 30, 10 50, 11 50 am. 12 0,12 50,1 10, bl 13,1 50, 27, 2 50, 3 13, 1 50, 3 56, 45, 4 10, 4 50, 5 50, 5 57, 650,75, 750,80, 850, 855, 940, 104, 1040, blO 42, bll 10, 11 30, 11 39 pm. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, c Saturdays excepted. • Sundays 4 40, .5 35, 90, 9 55, 11 26 aan. 220, 2 39, 4 46, 6 0, 7 10; 8 23, 9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, a 5 25, 75, 7 27, 8 23,8 25, 9 25, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53. a.m. 1223, 155, 245, 3 20, 3 45, 3 47, 515, 617. 78, 710, 80, 9 25, blO 0, 10 30, bit 30 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays' 451, 530, 835, 95 a.m. 2 40, 3 25, 5 10, 60,80, 9 54 p.m. Lymm-6 13, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, 8830, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, 1)11 40 p.m. b stops when required. , Manchester (L. and N.-W)-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 56, 530, :CT 5,5, 8 25, 835, 919, 923, 1040, 10 55 a.m. 12 'IS. 1 15, 2 41, 2 45, 3 31, 426, 5 15, 5 53,. 6 33, 7 20, 8 6, 9 22, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 4 56,7 46 a.m. 515,60, 757, p.m. a Mondays only Manchester (C.L.C.)- 7 0. 7 12, 7 57, 8 8, 8 55, 93, 9 55, 10 55, 11 22' 11 55 a.m. 12 55. 1 55, 255, 353, 4 55, 1 58, 5 55, 6 55, 710, 755, 835, -8 55, 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, bll 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sunday: 8 15, 9 37, 10 .18, 11 32 a..m 30, 3 15, 4 53, 50, 7 13, 8 51, 9 15,9 25, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 10 20, a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 2 55, 83 35 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 55,1)4 43,5 30,7 5,8 5,8 35, 919,9 25,10 10, 10 40.10 55, 11 55. a.m. 12 18,12 25, 1 15, 1 50, 2 45, 3 31. 3 50, 4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 22, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sandays 2 56, 7 46, 8 43, a.m. 3 .35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Monktys only. Padgate-7 0, 7 12, 88, 8 33, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 1218, 141, 355, 453, 5 33, 65, 7 10.8 35, '9 15 10 10, 11. 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0,9 25 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 320,347,515,617,80, 100 pin. Sankey-7 3, 82,9 5, 100, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, bl.O, al 8,2 15 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 26, 7 5, SO, 90, blO 0, alo 42, 11: 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 29 a.m. 2 39, 97. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 R.M. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. - • St. Wiens (L. & N.-W.)-7.5. 8.23,10.10, 1055, 11.53,a.M. 12.23, 1.55,2.45, 3.20,3.45, 5.15, 6.37, 7.8, 7.40, 8.0, 9.25, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 8.35, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays only. Southport C.L.C.-7.5. 8 35, a 9.36, 10.25, 11.2' a.m., I-27, 3.18, 4 10, 53, b 6.20, 6 26, 7.40; 80, 9.0, 10.35, p.m. Sundays, 9.35, am.. 2.6,0.7, p.m. aMondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Thelwall-G 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 220, 335, 40, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. . Wigan (F. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 75, 8 35, 9 53, 10 55, 11 42, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 1 50, 3 50, 443, 5 15, 6 23, 7 20, 8 37, 98,10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 am. 3 35, 6 0, 9 54 p.m. Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 5, 95, 10 0, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, al 0, la! 13. 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 5 23, 6 26, 7 5, 8 0, 9 0, alo o,blo 37 p.m. a Saturdays executed, b Saturdays only. Sundays 90,933 a.m." 2.39, 018 p.m.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARIUNGTON MIMI

Acton Bridge-6 32,7 40, 8 51, 10 57 am. 12 19, a 2 49, :3 55, 4 41, 7 20, 8 28. Sundays 759 am. a Wednegays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L & N.-W.)-7 50, 8 25, 9 55, 10 22 11 10,12 45,a.m. al 30, 38, 5 30, 6 49, 8 25, b 9 10, 10 5, p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 1 15, 4 55, 8 45, p.m. a Wednesiass and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. & N.-W.. Talbot Road)--ti 8, 8 40, 947, 11 25 a.m. 140, 328, 520, 7 0, 8 45, 100,1030 p.m. Suidays 7 25 a.m. 1 37,5 8, 7 :30 p.m. Chester-2 25, 64 26, 7 23,.S 45, 9 40, 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 n.m. 2 0, 2 10, 30. 3 50. 5 18, 5 23,6 30, 7 33,8 10. 8 50 p.m. Sundays 2 25,4 20, 6 30 a.m.6 55, p.m. b Mondays excepted. Collins Green-6 40, 79, 8-15, 102.1, 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 2 10, 3 5, 4 1, 5 38, 6 42, 7 47, 9 6, alo 43, 10 58 p.m. Sundays 810 a.ra. 7 15 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. . Daresbury-8 11, 10 17,11 18 a.m.2 49, 6 2,7 11,8 43 p.m. Sundays 726 RAU. 747 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 39, 9 52, 10 52 tt.m. 2.22, 35, 6 47, 822 p.m. Sundays 648 a.m. 7 0 Earlestown-7 2, 7 13, 8 47, 850. 9 15, 9 45, 10 26, 10 36, 11 23 a.m. 1238,114,23, 3 27, 5 10, 543, 5 52, 6 55, 7 13, 88, 9 10, 9 34, 10 47, all 1, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 957, 10 3 a.m. 3 45, 7 24, 10 2 p.nt. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-79, 8 53, 942, 10 45 a.m. 12 3, al2 57, 24, 3 27. 54, 02, G 58, 914 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Satutdays only. Frodshatn-7 53, 90, 10 1, 111. a.m. 231, 49, 5 41, 6 53, 8 31, p.m. Sunday 72, a.m. 724 p.m. Golborne-6 -14, 823 10 12.a.m. 12 17, 2 41, 4 31, 5 30, 7 15, 9 21, 10 4:2, a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 75 11". m. Helsby-7 46, 8 56, 9 57, 10 37, a.m. 2 27, 47, 5 40, G 51, 927, p.m. Sunday 6 53, nm. 7 18, p.m. Irlam and C..dishead-6 19. 6 48, 7 33, 9 53, a.m. 1 7, 4 54. 6 54, 855, II 20, p.m. 'Sundays 921, 11 0, a.m. 1 20, 2 22.6 55. 8 50, 100 p.m, Latchford-7 55. 8 40, 9 22, 10 2, 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45, 2 13. 30. 338, 426, 6539. 67, 649, 739, 9 52, cll 41 p.m.. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays

Brown r& Poison's " Patent' C.:C_)3:Litl 10Ur improves the flavour comistency of all thick sauces, suzh as fi3l-1 sat:ces, vegetable sauce 3 and sweet sauces Use it always in place of ordinary bur.

and

===== 0002601_19070112_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE

OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

" A PILLS. i) 13 --4

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE.

GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

SEE DISCARDED HER CRUTCHES ! ! . . -- 59, Mount-street, Northwood, "QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS !! " Hanley, Staffs, Mona Cottages, Jan. 6th, 1905. I Coalville, Leicestershire, Dear Sir,—My wife suffered from Rheumatism for 9. June 4th, 1904. long time, and could get no relief. She was a patient Dear Sir' —I thank you for the good I have received at the North Staffordshire Infirmary, but got worse,and I from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two could not walk without crutches. I heard about your ; months age and tried almost everything, but got no Pills from a friend, and bought a small bottle. AFTER 1 befter. I tried your Pills and am glad to say that THE SECOND DOSE SHE DISCARDED HER C.RUTCIIES, and ! AFTER TAKING THEM FOR TWO DAYS WAS QUITE CURED was completely cured in a week. After spending pounds4l was so bad for a month I could hardly get downstairs your pills cured her at a cost of 2s. 3d. I shall recom- ;Being a miner you may guess how I suffered, but thanks mend your pills to everyone I know, and you can make to your Pills I have never felt the least pain since. I the best use of this as a testimonial if it pleases you to recommend them to everybody mysel,. do so. Yours truly, ; Yours gratefully, GEORGE WRIGHT. JAMES WRIGHT. EADE'S GOUT PILLS i EADE'S GOUT PILLS • Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all re . A perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurious Sold everywhere in bottles, is. I.d. and 2s. 9d. or sent matter, and are highly restorative. i Sold everywhere in Bottles, ls 14d and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, i post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London. ! ; GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London.

EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

Vilk INNEINVIMIIMINSIESIMMINIMININDet,_ geava. Is. gag :If You it'ave 40 0. something good to tell, there is no need to delude the unwary into reading an apparently interesting story which proves to be a prelude to an advertisement. The startling story and the thrilling testimonial A I do not add to the merit of the article advertised. If you are troubled with vo- Bad pigestion, .7mpure Blood, oCanguor, .7nactive Liver, Sick ,keadacke, gt 4fpw lor other such ailments which arise from a Disordered Stomach imperfectly 0 doing its work, you need not experiment with the many medicines so plausibly set before you; take BEECHAM'S PILLS ' $ and you have a reliable remedy, proved by thousands of sufferers to be unequalled for dispelling Disorders of the Stomach and Liver. It is not necessary to bring BEECHAM'S PILLS before your notice surreptitiously, Z 0 as they are openly recommended by those who have found that 47.,if BEECHAM'S PILLS will do all that is claimed for them—hence tta Sthey have the Largest Sale of any patent Medicine. 0 Sold everywhere in boxes, preice.lll.i (56 pills) & 219 (168 pills). P 7411.4 0011111111111111111111111111MMINSWIIIIIIIII*C01) - 2:- - .

PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY, &c.

PITTS'S

Illustrated

Furnishing Guides Containing gm ARTISTIC DESIGNS

priced at

Much Below

Usual figures.

lished 1845,

Bankers: Lloyds.

lenhone: 1124,

, . 4., z ..,,,...,4 • ...44" ' 4... -1,,, fr:11 ~"...,''''''.7':l‘.:,.i .t. .';.;4P' ....:;;:":::41k. 71,-, . .-4 ' _44. ,;.: ' '-': .. ;.*:": , ~..-:' "...1:... :,''',‘". sk'', ,:'''..Us A Alt ': ' '''' t •?. l'*4 k-' ,-.....--',.,5„- --.r.,:... _.. ,t".::_3. _,..:, Vei...q..,:-,i's-. - ,z •'..' -_.: 424,. ~,..„- 5, ...4.4,k. '.1“.,...

===== 0002601_19070112_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
RING Ul'-

ELEPHONE NO. 355 Y.

PRINTING. PP' EVERY DESCRIPTION

JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pattern on blue, white, or fancy paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

CIRCLARS in the niitest style, from modern type, and of the best workmanship.

PROGRAMMER for Entertainments, ConcertB &c., In the latest artistic style.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATIO^i: WORKS.

SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIP) lON. BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

HANDBILLS, in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Song, Festivals, &c.

CATALOGUEF•2 for Public •ind Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

pRICK Lisrs Printed on card or paper i 111.13 trated, If required.

ADDRESS or, VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

ACCOUNT BOOKS,

TICKET BOOKS, .

FOOTBALL FIXTURES, CRICKET FIXTURES. EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTING

(EXECUTED AT SHORT NOTICES.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS.

Attention is invited to our NMI' FOUNTS OF TYPE

and WOOD LETTER for Large Posters. FOR ALL KINDSIOF MCAT POSTERS EXTRA LANGE SIZE,

40 x 60 One Sheet.

WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS

IIN THE DISTRICT.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING,

===== 0002601_19070112_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

JOHN WALKER AND eo

"EXAMINER i! OFFICE. 13EWSZY STREET, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19070112_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
CURE THE WORST COUGH

offeirbfties (€5 340

CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC AHD SOON CURE! The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on tho oles of the feet.. If you suffer try a box, you NviU never regret it.

Boxes 1/U. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham

The BRADFORD COSTUME MANUF are prepar,xl to send by return One Smart Up-to-date Tailor-made Costume Skirt in splendid vienna cloth, for 3/- and 4d. povtage. Black, Nay?, Grey or Brown, any s'zl, send waist awl lenzth ant colour r.,quir 41. This is a genuine Tailor-made Gar- ment, which will give oylry satis- faction to the wwer. Sent ord.r to cb,poTHIC TIMIDYJIM 00,1TuNII ItAivcrAcTußlNG Co., 4 FLlNCH- nurix Sr., BRADFORD, YORKS.

1:

ACTURING Co. 4 . , ;t II trh ......„, . 7

===== 0002601_19070112_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
elk , •

===== 0002601_19070112_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
sailliMmmilml=l

MIN

===== 0002601_19070112_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
• I - ' • rs, - "IP

WP;M4g

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. Thursday evening. There was a good attendance at the I tea, the number being considerably augmented for the ---- meeting which was subsequently held in the Church. NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Mr. B Few presided. INlusical items were given by Authors of letters intended for publication must in Miss Barnes, Mr. W. Tynan, Miss E. Hankey and Mr.E. all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor Balmford and party. The reports of the secretary and treasurer were presented and showed that the Church is as a guarantee of good faith. in a sound position the year closing with a small The New Magistrates. balance in hand. Brief addresses were given by the Sir,-1 understand there is a persistent rumour in the Revs. J. S. Hughes and J. F. Matthews. town that I, in my capacity as Deputy-Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Liberal Association„ am to some extent responsible for the recent selection of Lew magistrates. Vvithout one word of adverse criticism of the gentle- men (all of whom I believe to be good men and true) will you permit me to say that I had nothing whatever to do with the selection and knew nothing of the matter until tho appointments had been made.—Yours faithfully,

Lodge-lane, Warrington. 11th January, 11)07.

JOHN. WILKINSON.

Beamont School ,Headmastership.—Mr. Roberts' Two Versions. Sir,—l am sorry to have to trouble you again, but. since Mr. Roberts has thought it necessary to call into question my knowledge of English words I must ask you to kindly print again two quotations, the first being copied from Mr. Roberts' letter, as printed in your issue of last Saturday, and the second is a quota- tion, copied from your issue of December 22nd, as being your reporter's idea of what Mr. Roberts said,.at the meeting of the Education Committee, with regard to the chances of our local teachers to obtain promotion, as far as be himself was concerned. Mr. Robers in his letter (I cannot cannot call it a reply), of Saturday last says "Your correspondent, Charles Turner charges me with having stated at the recent meeting of the Education Committee, anent the above matter, that none of these men (the 17 looal applicants) are capable of conducting a school with the requisite, skill as teachers and organi,sers. It is hardly neces- sary for me to deny that I made such a foolish statement, or one that could possibly bear any such construction, &c., &c." At the Committee meeting mentioned, according to our local papers, Mr. Roberts is reported to have said:— "There was, he contended, no fair objection to it, unless it was to be made on educational grounds pure and simple. No one had suggested that the best man had not been selected. If it was admitted that the committee had to the best of their knowledge and judgment, selected the best man, there was no case for the opposition. Ho agreed that there might be half a dozen, a dozen, or even the whole seventeen, if they liked, assistant teachers qualified to manage the sch )ol ; but up to what standard? That was the point. If they were content to accept their present standard of management, all 'right. But they did not say that when they advertised &c., scc." Now Sir, if the original speech, and the denial be read side by side I defy anybody to say that they could possibly be from the same man, if they had not heard previously that that was actually the case. They are simply marvellous words, if both utterancto mean the samelthing or anything near it, and my knowledge of English, must indeed be foolishness, as is suggested. However lam quite ready to leave myself in your readers' bands and they shall judge. As far as lam con- cerned the matter is now ended, as I only wrote to ventilate what is after all a decided grievance to Warrington men, and not for notoriety. Again apologizing for taking up your valuable space.—l am, yours truly,

C. TURNER,

Fearnhead, Warrington, January 9th, 1907. [We shcmld like to add that Mr. Turner's lettar was written before the sad fatality to his young son at Padgate.—ED. "

: • :

===== 0002601_19070112_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
CONGREGATIONAL GATHERINGS.

BOLD STREET 'WESLEYAN CHURCH. The annual congregational gathering in connection with Bold-street Wesleyan Church was held on Thursday night. The proceedings opened with a tea to which a large number sat down. Subsequently a concert was held in the schoolroom at which there was a good attendance, the Rev. J. Manning presiding. Musical items were given by Miss Cox, Miss Brough, Miss Barton, Miss E. Taylor, Miss Eckersley, Mr. Humphries and Mr. A. Dunn. Mr. Frank Hickman acted as accom- panist. Mr. LIGHT, secretary of the Sunday school, presented his annual report. They had to regret that many teachers had left them during the year and that they experienced some difficulty in getting new ones. Some 240 children had received instruction and the attendance averaged 90 in the morning and 170 in the afternoon. (Applause). The Rev. J. Manning in the course of a brief address, urged the members of the Church to keep up the interest in the old institutions. He was sure that the future of Methodism in Warrington depended very largely' upon the vigour and success of their Sunday Schools. His experience was that there were no workers in the Church like those whom they had trained themselves. (Hear, hear.) It would always be possible I when they were ready for it, occupying the position which they did, to crowd the Church but he was sure that the great difficulty would always be to secure workers. The cry at Bold-street in past years had been for \corker§ and teachers, especially for gentlemen teachers. The future would make greater demands upon them in the matter of rellgious educa- tion than the past had ever done. Anyone with their eyes open would see that the outcome of the religious controversy through which they were passing would be that in the near future there would be a greater tax and strain upon the resources of the Church to train the children in religion than ever before. Personally he would be extremely sorry too see the Bible shut out from the elementary schools of the land, though he could not shut his eyes to the fact that the outcome of the last two or three years discussion and attempt at compromise had brought the country much nearer to secular education. At least there was a growing opinion amongst the poople outside the churches and that was the only solution of the difficulty. He would be sorry to see that result as he could not con- ceive a complete scheme of education which did not involve the spiritual lives of the children.(Hear, hear.) I The work of physical and mental training could be safely left to the day schools but the Churches would have to pay increasing attention to the development of the morals ani character of the scholars. The hope of the future lay in the children and he trusted that the call for additional help and devoted work would be i heartily met, and that n days to come their Sunday School might rase up faithful workers for the Church. (Applause). PADGATE WESLEYAN CHURCH. Success attended the usual congregational tea meeting in connection with this church which was held on Thursday evening in the schoolroom. About 150 sat down to tea, thirty members of the congregation and friends having contributed trays. The public meeting which followed was presided Over by Mr. James Gandy and he was supported by the Rev. William Mellor, Mr. William Bennett, Messrs. H. Waid and F. Wright (superintendents of the Sunday school). Mr. J. JACKSON presented the annual report on the work of the Sunday school which stated that the year had been one of changes in connection with the work, but the secretaries were glad to report that the school was in a healthy condition. They took that opportunity of thanking their many supporters for their past help and hoped for a continuance of the same. There were 238 scholars on the books, with an average attendance of 78 in the morning and 159 in the afternoon. Ninety- seven of the scholars had gained prizes for regular and punctual attendance. The teachers and officers num- bered 27. A feeling allusion was made to the death of Councillor Brough who was the leader of the Young Men's Class and took a great interest in the work of the school. They would miss him very much for his devoted help and kindly encouragement and they extended deep sympathy with Mrs. Brough and family in their bereavement. The membership of the young men's class stood at 30 and there was an average attendance of 16. The committee had appointed Mr. James Gandy as teacher and Mr. W. E. Plinstoa as assistant teacher and they would be pleased to welcome new members. The treasurer commenced the year with a balance in hand of .£1 45.7 d. The receipts amounted to over £4O and the credit balance now stood at £2 3s. id. The officers for the year were :—Superintend- ents, Messrs. H. Ward and F. Wright ; treasurer, Mr. James Gaudy; auditor, Mr. Percy H. Bennett; secre- taries, Messrs. G. H. White and J. Jackson; club secre- taries and librarians, Messrs. L. Bennett, H. Brough,and S. Adamson. The CHAIRMAN congratulated the workers on the satisfactory state of the school. Remade a symathetic reference to the death of Councillor Brough, who was a familiar figure at those gatheripgs and one of their best supporters. The entertainment was then proceeded with and proved highly enjoyable. It included recitations by Annie Pover and -lames Mellor; songs by Miss Brown, Miss Dorothy Truslove' Mr. A. Greenough, Mr. L. Platt; duets by, Messrs. Greenough and Platt; violin solos by Miss Elsie Taylor, baloon drill by sixteen girls, musical recitation and chorus by May Dawson and girls, a dialogue by seven girls, and an action song by a contingent of scholars. All items were admirably interpretated and called forth the warmest approbation, encores being frequent. The children had been trained for the action songs by the Misses Ward and Miss E. London, and for the recitations by Miss London. During the evening the Rev. W. Mellor delivered a short address and spoke of the handsome addition which had been made to the church by the erection of a tower. He hoped that during the coming year they would be able to enlarge the school. (Applause.) The artistes and all who had contributed to the success of the gathering were thanked on the proposi- tion of Mr. Williem Bennett seconded by Mr. F. Wright.

GOLBORNE-STREET BAPTIST CHURCH. The annual congregational gathering in connection with Golborne-street Baptist Church was held on

===== 0002601_19070112_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUTURE OF LABOUR.

TRADES COUNCIL TO BE RE-CONSTITUTED.

After many mouths waiting the' trade organizations ' affiliated with the Warrington Trades Council have announced their decisions with reference to .the pro-

posal that the labour forces of the town should be amalgamated. The question was first mooted as the result of a conference between the Trades Council, the local Labour Representation Committee and the Right to Work Committee at which it was unani• . mously agreed that for the more effective and economical working of the labour movement of War- rington the formation of one central organization was advisable. It was felt that there was a great and unnecessary wastage of funds and energy by the existence of separate labour authorities but some difficulty arose in regard to the constitution of the i proposed new. organization. In this the representa- Itires of the Labour Representation Committee took the lead and having a majority at the conference their view that the central body should be open to trade unions and all reform societies provided that they I were not connected with any political organiza- tion, was carried by a small majority. The , Trades Council delegates were not satisfied with ; this decision and at a meeting of the Executive Committee of the Counctl it was decided to refer the matter to the affiliated Branches to which the follow- ing questions were addressed: (1) Are you in favour of the Trades Council,the Labour Representation Com- mittee and the Right to Work Committee being disbanded and a new organisation formed on the lines of the National Labour Party, open to membership of trade union branches' socialist parties and co-opera- ative societies; (2) or do you prefer an organisation open to trade unions only ; (3) or are you in favour of the Trades Council remaining intact, withdrawing from the Labour Representation Committee and making such alteration in its rules as will' enable it to contest elections with trade union candidates ? These ques- tions were issued to the twenty-six trade unions connected with the Trades Council and prior to Tuesday nignt's meeting of the Council twenty- three replies had been received • The replies were: In favour of question No. 1 from the enginemen, mill-sawyers and machinists, iron founders, shop assistants, carpenters and joiners and cabinet workers (6) ; in favour of No. 2, the wire- drawers, cooch-builders, typograpical, painters and decorators and railway servants (5) ; and in favour of No. 3, the tailors, gas-workers and general labourers, assurance agents, railway servants, wiredrawers, bakers, , tramway workers, engineers, braziers and sheet metal workers general railway workers and wheelwrights and smiths (ll). The glass-workers declined to take any part. Mr. PLUMB, who presided, said the returns were to him unsatisfactory, as an equal number had voted for questions one and two as had voted for !question three.

Mr. SMITH, wiredrawer, asked for tie number of members represented by the different Branches. The wiredrawers who numbered 300 were not going to be " hum-drummed " by any small societies, the voting strength of which was perhaps ten or twenty. Mr. Smith's remark brought forth an indignant pro- test from the sepresentative of the sheet metal workers. Mr. Smith bad no right to talk that way. His Society was Absolutely unanimous in favour No. 3. At this stage the Council were in somewhat of a diffi- culty as to how to act,and their hesitation was increased by an explanation from Mr. Haley as to the position of the wiredrawers. In that Society, explained the repre- sentative, the vote had been taken by means of a ballot of the members, and the returns were 85 in favour of question No.l, 166 for the second and 94 for the third. His difficulty was that whilst the greatest number of replies had been in favour of question No. 2 the number in support was actually a minority of those who voted. The Council were wondering what to do when Coun- cillor Stott came to the rescue and proposed that enquiries based on questions Nos. 1 and 3 should again be sent to the Branches for their consideration. The engineers, whom he represented, were most strongly against any body being formed which included in its ranks Co-operative and Socialist Societies. Personally he was opposed to that decision because he did not believe that there would be any real or lasting benefit gained by trade union action alone. He however had to cip his duty to his Branch who had decided in favour of trade unionists standing alone, though he must say that he had found better labour men outside trade unions than many who called themselves trade unionists and he regretted very much that trade unions could not see their way to work with men who were doing more for the advancement of labour than a very large propor- tion of those who were numbered in the ranks of the unions.

Mr. GRELEY entered a protest against Councillor Stott saying there were better men outside trade unions than in. If a man could not see his way clear to join the society representing the trade at which he earned his living he could not be a very good socialist and personally he would not associate with such a man. (Hear, hear.) A somewhat desultory discussion arose as to the mean- ing of the questions and the conclusion was arrived at that all throe implied a change. In face of this Mr. Podmore argued that all who had voted desired a change and s the majority favoured the revision of the rules of the Trades Council be moved that question three be submitted to the Branches for their endorsement. This motion was approved.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW THEATRE SCHEMES. Latest Particulars.

As a result of the Christmas Day fire, Warrington is at present without its principal theatre and as an almost natural consequence rumour is rife in our midst. Dating almost from the time of the accidental destrac- tien of Warrington's chief play house it has been freely whispered that we are to have a new and up-to- date theatre but if all the persons whose names have been associated with the ventur were to commence operations Warrington's tastes would be catered for by at least half-a-dozen palatial structures. The desire for prophecy has spread like an infection and has even involved the daily press. On Thursday a certain publication announced in the stop press column that a new theatre was to be constructed on the site of the Theatre Royal,Scotland- road. Later the error was realized and the next day another plunge was made in a joint newspaper in which it was backed by a similar statement appearing ia the whole of the Liverpool and Manchester press. " The land" it was confidently announced upon which the Royal Court Theatre stood 0 0 0 is about to become the property of Moss's Empire's Limited who it is stated intend to shortly commence the erection of a new music hall." It is almost unnecessary to deny such an idle assertion for, as we announced on December 29th, the proprietors of the Royal Court Theatre themselves intend to re-build. As the result of investigation, we are, however, able to announce that there is some truth in regard to the rumour that new theatre proprietors are to establish themselves in the town. Some five years ago a plot of land in the rear of Bridge-street,behind the Feathers Hotel, was acquired on a -lease from the Corporation on which the lessees announced that they proposed to erect a first-class theatre. The site has much to commend it, not the least being its centrality, whilst there is ample space-7,500 square feet—for the erection of a handsome building. The venture, however, fell through. Quite recently the site has changed hands, and whilst we have no official informs- tton, we understand that it will shortly be occupied by a music hall with a main entrance in Barbauld-street., the promoters of the project having even ventured to state that it will be opened on August Monday. We have reason to believe that it will be run on modern lines with two shows a night. Yesterday our representative waited upon Mr. Joseph Potter by whom he was informed that the work of clearing the Royal Court Theatre site prior to re- construction had already commenced. Asked as to the intention of the proprietors Mr. Potter said it had been decided to utilize the existing walls and stage but to re model the interior by contructing two tiers and increasing the height. The entrance hall will also be re-con-structed and modernized. It is intented to re-open the premises on August Monday.

COMMERCIAL FAlLURE‘,.—According to " Kerop's Mercantile Gazette," the total number of commercial failures recorded in England and Wales during the week endingl Friday, Jan. 4th, was 101, viz. :—New Bank- ruptcy Proceedings published in the London Gazette, 57 Deeds of Arrangement registered, 47. The respec- tive numbers in the corresponding week of last year were : Bankruptcies, S 3 ; Deeds of Arrangement, 45 Total 123 ; Leing a decrease of 21.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 12, 1907.

thirteen are: Knight, full back; Oakes, Cartwright, Jones, and Newall, three-quarters; Kay and Gould- ing, half backs; Jolley, Bradshaw, Holbrook, Forster, Fairhurst and Hewitt, forwards.

The League matches down for to-day are as 'ollows York v. Leeds. Hunslet'v. Broughton Rangers. Bradford v. Huddersfield. Batley v. Halifax. Hull v. Warrington. Hull Kingston Rovers v. Keighley. Bramler v. Rochdale Hornets. Salford v. Oldham. Swinton v. Leigh. Wigan v. Widnes.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

[By " Ovalist."]

Will Warrington get Sam Johnson of Leigh? It was known on Christmas Day that Leigh were willing to open negotiations and the Warrington Committee were Informed of the fact. Now it is announced that Johnson, Bennett and. Silcock are on the transfer list, and there should be some competition for the men, especially the first-named. He is a really good wing three-quarter and would be invaluable to Warrington at the present time. The Leigh Club is hard up and endeavouring to" raise the wind" by a sale of stock. Warrington Football Club is well-off and ought to buy if prices are all right.

There was nothing very thrilling about Saturday's match at Warrington,the men from St. Helens proving easy victims as expected. Though only leading by six points to three points at half-time,and a man short for the rest of the game, the home team's superiority was unmistakable and finally the score had grown to 20 points. Once again there was a fine attendance, and there is no questioning the fact that the " Wire- pullers " have nothing to complain about in the way of public support, whatever may be the experience else- where. If the Northern Union is to eventually go down the Warrington Club will be one of the last to keep the flag flying.

In comparison with the titanic struggle against Runcorn on New Year's Day the St. Helens match seemed very tame. It was obvious that the home players took things pretty easily,and if the Saints could have scored first it would have acted as a fine tonic. However, they contrived to make the position inter- esting before half-time. Warrington were soon two tries up as the result of clever work by Isherwood and Dickinson. Unfortunately the latter got damaged and had to retire in order to nurse a strained leg. After this the Saints bustled about to some purpose and rubbed off half the deficiency. They should, in fact, have been within a point of Warrington at the interval for Toole had the easiest of goal-kicks and only succeeded in shaking the upright—much to his disgust.

There was a more business-like air about the home lot on resuming. They recognised that, handicapped by the absence of Dickenson, they would have to exert themselves to secure the verdict. Fortunately the five remaining forwards proved capable of holding the opposition and the ball came pretty regularly into the hands of the Warrington halves. The latter soon opened the game out, and Isherwood capped a fine run with a try near the corner. Meanwhile Thomas was burning to distinguish himself as a wing player. His chance soon came, for Isherwood replied to a penalty kick with a dodgy run down touch and a pass to Thomas. The latter shouldered his way over and emerged from a heap of the slain with the smile that " wouldn't come off." St. Helens were quite conquered by this time and Lees and Harmer got further tries, Preston kicking his only goal at the last attempt.

Probably the most pleasing feature of the match from a Warrington point of view was the return to form of Isherwood. He ran brilliantly on Saturday and played a perfect centre game, four of the six tries coming as the results of his efforts. With Dickenson fit-and in such fine trim the question is what tn do with Ike Taylor, who is also expected to be fit for duty very soon. He is too good a player to languish in the A "team and in my opinion he should have a trial at half-back. The present pair are smart, but bath are on the light side whereas Taylor has the necessary physique, and dash. He might just make the man Warrington have been wanting for years. With three good centres—and two capable reserves on the "A "team —something should be done to make full use of their services. Not one of them would be a success on the wing, but there is sufficient similarity between half and centre play to make the experiment worth trying.

Tilley played a much better game than on Nev Year's Day, and he has proved a most useful man at a critical juncture. With Isherwood, Fish, and Jordan off the other day, the left wing would have been in Queer-street but for the Widnes man. Ile Is not fast enough for threequarter play and the sooner Fish and Jordan are available once more and the better. Berry is playing magnificently at full back and seems to have benefitted by the competition for his position which was threatened. For the last three or four matches Brooks has. been under a cloud and nary a try has come his way. Yet he has played with plenty of dash. Luck has a lot to do with it —and the fact that Dickenson has been getting the tries himself. The latter was never a good man for his wing, and in that one respect is inferior to Isherwood and Taylor.

St. Helens played a batter game than the score would suggest. In fact the backs passed very prettil, but it was too much across the fibld. If they had a centre who would go through occasionally they would make a much nalre dangerous side. The Creevys played smartly, but they bungled a glorious chance on the right once when they had Berry between them. Hesitation proved fatal and lost a certain try. The home full back cleared with a sort of "run-through shot" which brought down the house. Toole was good at half and tried hard. to improve the position of matters, while the veteran full back, Atkinson, could not be blamed for any of the tries scored against him.

The League Table up-to-date is as follows : For Apt. Per-

P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P.centage. HalifaK 90 17 2 1 81 74 381 20 32 136 87.20 Leeds l9 15 4 0 57 71 327.22 37 155 78.91 Oldham 22 16 5 1 43 58 260 32 33 163 75.00 Warrington 2O 14 5 1 55 89 377 32 37 175 72.50 Runcorn 18 13 5 0 52 85 359 25 25 125 72.25 Broughton lB 12 5 1 52 61 317 24 23 132 69.16 gunslet 22 15 7 0 61 81 371 48 56 26-1 6318 Keighley l7 11 5 1 44 60 268 27 37 165 67.64 Wigan 91 14 7 0 59 89 385 33 Al 189 66.66 Barrow 19 10 8 1 36 62 258 36 51 225 55.26 Dewsbury 2O 10 9 1 45 70 300 45 62 276 5250 Batley 17 8 8 1 37 37 185 34 45 203 50.00 Salford 90 10 10 0 40 47 221 48 48 236 50110 Leigh lB 8 9 1 29 63 247 33 39 183 - 4722 Widnes l2 5 6 1 23 22 112 24 39 165 45.83 Emil Rochdale lB 711 0 24 47 189 29 53 217 3888 Swinton 2l 813 0 41 51 244 47 55 259 38.09 Pontefract 8 3 5 0 12 13 63 23 36 154 3750 full K.R . 19 712 0 27 44 186 35 44 202 36.81 Elad'sfleld l9 712 0 32 59 241 60 68 324 36.84 Bradford l9 612 1 44 59 265 43 54 248 34.21 Walefild T l7 511 1 25 42 176 39 73 297 32.12 'fork l6 .5 11 0 21 40 168 39 59 255 3125 St. Helen.s 18 513 0 36 47 213 39 64 270 2777 Bmmley 16 114 1 716 62 44 80 328 917 Liverpl.C 21 020 1 10 17 71 102 199 801 2.38

Warrington have at last got into one of the first four places, but I fear their stay will be brief unless they succeed to-day where Broughton Rangers failed last Saturday. Runcorn fell further away from thn leaders on Wednesday when they were badly beaten at home by Halifax. Jolley was an absentee and Moran played very badly in the centre, while Halifax were strong all round. Just now they are travelling in remarkable fashion and look like maintaining the lead with ease.

The South-west Lancashire League now stands as follows : Pts.

P. W. L. D. For -Igst. Pts. W'gton.. 8 ... 6 ... 1 ... 1 ... 121 65 ... 13 Runcorn 6 ... 4 ... 2 ... 0 ... 82 ... 52 ... 8 Wigan... 6 ... 4 ... 2 ... 0 ... 95... 54... 8 Leigh ... 7 ... 2 ... 4 ... 1 ... 88 ... 79 ... 5 Widnes.. 7 ... 2 ... 5 ... 0 ... 55 ... 139 ... 4 S.Helens 6 1 ... 5 ... 0 ... 46 ... 98 ... 2

Warrington make the long journey to Hull to-day, and as they will be without Dickenson and Preston they will have to play an exceedingly good game to win. Ido not fancy their chances at all, but they have wou at the "third port" with a weak team before and may do it again. Having got into the top section Warrington are sure to make a big effort.

The setected team is: Berry, fullback; Hockenhall, Tilley, Isherwood and Brooks, three-quarters; Lees and Jenkins, half backs; Boardman, Thomas, Heath, Harmer, Naylor and Shugars, forwards. Had the match been a week later Warrington wtiald probably have had a strong team, for both Dickenson and Taylor are expected to be fit next week. Fish is making remarkably quick progress and expects to be ready for football in another month.

The " A " team has another frionclly flture to-day. their visitors being Runcorn Hightield. Several local juniors are being given a trial, and the selected

in that Council, there was "a principle involved," and the committee asked the Council to say who should supply the 30,000 bricks. Councillor BURTON suggested that the tender should be divided between Richardson's and the Slate Co. Councillor PEMBERTON urged that Ravenhead bricks were the better quality as shown by the fact that they commanded is. per 1,000 more in the open market. Councillor WILKINSON: As a matter of principle I propose that we take the lowest price that of Messrs. Richardson at 245. 51 Councillor LORD seconded, and this -motion was carried.

PROPOSED PUBLIC CONVENIENCE IN BUTTERNIARKEr-STREET.

RESIDENTS' opposmoN.

A long discussion took place with reference to the minute of the Paving and Sewerage Committee "That a urinal be erected in Dial-street on the site of the Old Bridewell." A plan was shown, and some details given by Alderman Evans. A petition, signed by 26 rfwmirs and occupiers of the properties in the immediate neighbourhood, opposing the proposal "for reasous of health, morality, and public decency," was read. Alderman EVANS, in proposing the confirmation of the minute, said he understood the neighbourhood was up in arms against the proposal. Proceeding, he urged that the convenience was an absolute necessity. Councillor CLEGG led the opposition. The site in question, he said, was a valuable one, and why should it be utilized for such a minor concern ? It was a hare- brained scheme to utilize one of the most valuable sites in the borough for such an abominable purpose. He had never come across anything that had been so ill-considered since he had been a member of the Council, and he moved as an amendment that the resolu- tion be referred back to the committee for considera- tion.

Councillor CH A.NTLER seconded. • Alderman BENNETT said be did not think he had ever heard a proposal put forward with less to recommend it. They ought not to ignore the memorial which had been read, but it was almost an affront to the improv- ing tastes of the people of the town to endeavour to put their open spaces to such a use. It was suggested that they should erect a monument here in memory of John Howard, a very famous Englishman, who did much of his best work in Warrington in the matter of the reform of prisons. It was already called "Howard Place."

Alderman TINNION in supporting the minute said he thought some people were a little over squeamish in the matter. There was the same objection wherever they chose a site. Councillor WILDING urged that the site be used for something more ornamental. _ _ _ _

Councillor-NIELD suggested that the question should be re-considered at the next monthly meeting, when they, had had an opportunity of consulting their constituents.

In answer to Councillor Pemberton,

Alderman EVANS said the cost of the urinal would be about £lBO. He added that a nuisance was created on the open space by boys at play. The other day no fewer than 50 of them were playing at football with tin cans —(laughter)—and the inhabitants complained that they "could not hear their own ears."

Councillor CLEGG observed that there were 14 public conveniences within a radius of a mile of the spot in question. The amendment of Councillor Clegg, altered to read that the minute on page 12, relating to the urinal be not confirmed. The voting was as follows:

FoR THE AM END M ENT.- AGAINST. Alderman Bennett Alderman Tinnion

Councillor Burton f• Forshaw „ Sankey „ Evans „ Benson Councillor Wilkinson „ Clegg , 1 Fulton-Smith 7, Barton „ Evans Skelland ,t Wilson „ Asocro ft „ Stott „ Chantler ~, Ball „ Wilding Steel „ Cunnington The ilayor. —ll ~ Lord , „ Pemberton —l3 The minutes with the exception named, were then agreed to. VACANCIES ON COMMITTEES.

Councillor STOTT drew attention to the minute of the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee appointing Councillor Wilkinson a member in place of the late Councillor Brough. He understood that Councillor Wilkinson was already on seven committees—the maximum number allowed by the Standing Orders. Had he taken steps to resign from one of them? He (Conn- cillor Stott), moved that the minute be not coarmei. Councillor LORD seconded the amendment, and said some members of the Council were only on one com- mittee, besides which he did not think the vacancy ought to be filled until the late Councillor Beugh's successor was elected. Councillor WILKINSON: The minute certainly reflects very great credit upon Councillor Wilkinson. Continuing he said he had previously withdrawn from the committee.and hehad beeniproposed again unknown to himself. He thought the Standing Order obnoxious, as it prevented a member who was willing to work from doing more than a certain amount. It was decided to adhere to the Standing Order and Councillor Wilkinson being therefore ineligible Coun- cillor Cunningtoa was appointed to fill the vacancy.

I iiFF.,....: • .-. :7- . '.'-' -.. ... Asf"Aere'.:'-',..:' ' ' '‘t.;' -,•..' ,i)!Gii,,4 ki..:•',e3-;:::QA.,..410-goottet'44.l. -..- • .' ' -....„..-. '- A • _ .. ..... • - , . .....„ . •-) -•:------ - . - -'-•••'-:_!._•-`.-::::::__..--:=. • - . . ; .. _ . ..- • , .• i 1

I •

===== 0002601_19070112_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
Cricket.

There is every possibility of there being a 3 unior Cricket League for Warrington next season. No doubt many people have thought that one should have been formed before now, but the lack of support would not allow it. During last season the game underwent great change and several of the leading local clubs have decided to band together and do their utmost to form the league. With such clubs as Orford Barracks, Cheshire Lines, Latchford Baptists, Bewsey Wesleyans Guardian, Cable Works and others banding together a good fixture list is promised.

A meeting is to be held on Tuesday evening, the 15th January, at the Cocoa Rooms, 119, Sankey-street. when such club as are interested in the above may send two representatives.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON FREE CHURCH COUNCIL. WEEK OF UNITED PRAYER.

Free Church Councils all over the country are this week holding united prayer meetings in the different centres. In Warrington an interesting series of meet- ings has been held in the leading Nonconformist Churches, and topics of great interest discussed.

. TEMPERANCE. - The opening meeting was held on Monday evening in the Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church. The Rev. J. Manning presided over a small attendance. Mr. C. E. PARKER, President of the Warrington Council, delivered an'address on Temperance. He did not think, he said, it was necessary for him to enlarge upon the havoc which intemperance was making in the material, social, and spiritual well-being of the people I of England, and they all knew only too well the ' slow progress which they were making towards, the ideal of a sober and righteous nation. it had come almost as a surprise to them that there was an indication of a diminution in the annont of intoxicating liquor drunk in the country and they scarcely dared to hope that that indication was evidence of a permanent change in the habits of the people. The direction hitherto taken by temper- ance effort was towards the curtailment of facilities for drinking, and in the influencing of individuals, or generally, in giving attention to the results of drinking. He would like to direct their thoughts to another side of the question which had received too little attention from temperance workers—the contributory causes which made for drunkenness. The principal of these were, in women ill-health, and in men unemployment. It behoved them in their labours on behalf of temperance to pay greater attention to the condition of the victims of drink—the question of unemployment, and interlocked with that the question of the housing and recreation of the masses of the people. (Hear, hear.)

"UNITY AMONG CHRISTIANS.' On Tuesday evening a meeting was held in the Bold- street Church Parlour, Mr. G. Henshall presiding over a fair attendance. The speaker was the Rev. J. Yonge, the subject dealt with being" Unity among Christians." The Rev. J. YONGE in the course of an interesting address said it should be an inspiration to those present to know that they were part and parcel of a great host that no man could number. Christians of all races and peoples were meeting together in that the first week of the new year with the one object of worshipping Jesus Christ, who had His followers in every land—in Central Africa, in the vast areas of China, in our great Empire of India. They sometimes had differences, each having their own idea as to how tho churches should be governed, but now they had met together on the, broad platform of dieipleship of Christ, and one was charmed with a sense of unity. If they were to have that, they must look beyond thp limits orthe bounds of their own particular church. 'lt should be their greatest privilege to Point out to men their salvation. They must not forget the supreme aim of Christianity, which was to effect the salvation of souls through Christ's love. Christ's prayer that they should love one another should be put into practical operation. They would realize something of that prayer whorl they entered more fully into Christ's words : " Whatsoever ye shall ask in My name that will I give unto you."

"True Imperialism." On Wednesday evening the Rev. F. Vaughan, addressed a meeting in Bewsey-road Lecture Hall, on "True Imperialism " and remarked that this call to Prayer and the suggested topic led to the question "How far had Christ realised Himself and His Divine Mission in the nations after 1900 years of Christian enterprize ?" Certain recent events, pointed to the existence of fearful evils and gave rise to some pessi- mism as to the progress of the Gospel and the establish- ment of the Kingdom of Heaven upon earth. The speaker alluded to the warlike temperament of the nation who had appealed to the world for" Peace," near home. The Peace proclamation in South Africa ushered in strife in the realm of Africa's fields of labour. While English homes had been aroused by bitter controversy on religious questions. The terrible revelations of the Sweating Exhibition, the Congo atrociters, of the liquor and gambling evils, together with the degradation of national sport to serve the greed for gold, gave use to the fear that the pission for power and the love of money, would make the nation forget her debt to the God of Power, and the needs of suffering humanity. The pathetic appeals of the heathen world for light and leading, and th 3 methods now necessarily adopted by the Arnbissadors of the Christ to catch the eye and ear of the masses of the people,showed the deep need there was for penitence and prayer by the most favoured nation the world had ever seen.

The speaker declared true Imperialism to be somAhing more than the opening of new shops and wider markets, rather the purity of an exalted people who by regeneration and grace were partakers of the thoughts and purposes of God, occupying itself with the build- ing of character rather than the construction of armaments, and who, for Christ's sake gave forth its energy to protect the weak, stimulate the fainting and defend the right. This was the heritage of the nation, when surrendered to the gospel call because it was the birthright of each individual who had been led into fellowship with Christ. Thore was much reason for hope. The enterprise %which called that gathering together was an evidence that behind what appeared on the surface of things was a Living Person calling His own followers to renewed energy and more lofty aspirations. And that Person was the God who clothed the hard uninviting earth with beauty, and transformed Peter from a handful of sand to the Pentacostal Rock he proved himself to be in Jerusalem, 1000 years ago God was on the side of all good men and would surely prevail. As to the methods by which the Divine Purpose was to be brought about he reminded them that since each unit of the Christian Church was a temple, a dvveliing place of the truer God, individual consecration and co-operation was the only way we needed, more faith in the living Church, more faith in eaih other, a clearer realisation of the sacredness of life, of brotherhood, and of Christian obligations.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
OTHER MEETINGS.

On Thursday e;eni-n—g--a ine—eat-ti-WaS-iteld in Wycliffe Memorial Hall when the Rev. C. L. Stowe spoke on "Foreign Missions." The meeting was led by the Rev. J. L. Milne, B.D. The great need which existed for an extension of Christisn work in foreign lands was emphasised, and the services rendered by the various missionary agencies were commended to the support of Christians at home. Last evening the meeting was held at Friar's Green Independent Methodist Church, the Rev. J. S. Hughes presiding. The Rev. Sidney Pitt was the speaker and dealt with" Families, colleges and the young " laying stress upon the importance of a Christian spirit in these departments of life.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL WARD MEETINGS. St. JW—i-i-ii Ward.

The annual meeting of the Liberal Committee of St. John's Ward was held in Brick-street Mission on Monday evening. Mr. W. Furness, J.P., presiding over a good attendance, which included Hr. Joseph Efowes and Mr. Joseph Howes, jun. Votes of thanks were passed to the retiring officers, and congratulations were extended to Mr. Furness and Hr. J. Maginn on their elevation to the magisterial Bench. Mr. Furness was re-elected chairman of the commitsee, and Mr. J. Rudd was re-elected general secretary.—The Chairman thanked the members for their congratulations and said it was largely owing to his interest in St. John's Ward that he had been appointed to the office of magistrate. Mr. J. Howes delivered an address expressing his great gratification at the enthusiasm displayed and urged the workers to do their utmost to retain the seat which had been so nobly won for Liberalism. He congratulated the committee on having sues an excellent chairman.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
ORFORD WARD.

The annual meeting of the Orford Ward Committee was held in the Silver-street Schools last evening, Councillor Wilkinson, J.P., presiding over a good attendance. The following officers were elected : Chairman, Councillor J. Wilkinson, J.P.; vice-chairmen, Messrs. J. Upson and Peter Peacock ; secretary, Mr. A. H. Sanders. Several municipal matters were dis- cussed, and the usual votes of thanks were accorded.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

VICTORIA PARK. Cost of the Edelsten Action.

-- - The monthly meeting was held on Tuesday evening when there were present :—The Mayor (Alderman Smethurst,) Aldermen A. Bennett, John Evans, W. J. Forshaw, D. Tinnion ; Councillors P. H. Ashcroft, J. Ball, T. Burton, T. Chantler, W. Clegg, E. Cunnington, D. S. Duncan, James Evans, L. Ellison J. J. Nield, J. Pemberton, J. Sankey, J. Skelland, T. S. Steel, J. F. Smith, F. Stott, G. T. Wilding, J. Wilkinson, W. J. Wilson, J. L. Whittle (town clerk), A. T. Hallaway (deputy town clerk), J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), T. Longdin (borough surveyor), J. Deas (water engineer), W. S. Haddock (gas engineer), J. M. Murray (director of education). . THE LArE COUNCILLOR BROUGFI. The MAYOR announced that a letter had been received from the family of the late Councillor Brough, thank- ing the Council for their resolution of condolence. APPOINTMENTS. Mr. T. P. Bradshaw, on the recommendation of the local friendly societies, was appointed a co-optative member on the Education Committee to fill the vacancy I occasioned by the election of Mr. T. S. Steel as a 1 member of the Council. Miss Williams was appointed a representative manager of Heathside National School in the place of the late Councillor Brough. LABOUR BUREAU. - Councillor Toole had given notice to move :—" That, in order to assist the efforts of the Distress Committee, an instruction be given to the head officials of,the various departments to notify the Inquiry Officer at the Labour Bureau when requiring workmen. The MAYOR announced that Councillor Toole was unfortunately unwell and could not be present. He, therefore, withdrew the proposition for the present. . REGULATION OF TRAFFIC. The MAYOR moved, and Councillor WILDING seconded the confirmation of the minutes of the Watch Com- mittee' the latter asking if it was not a skit on the police to ask them, as stated in one of the minutes, to "enforce the regulations with regard to vehicular traffic, and to compel all drivers to keep on the proper side of the road." It was their duty to do so. The MAYOR': It was not intended as a skit. We are obliged to put everything on-the agenda. He further explained that the minute was the outcome of com- plaints he had received. Councillor PEMBERTON : It need not have been put on the paper. The minutes were carried. VICTORIA PARK. The Finance and Estate Cenimitte reported that an application from the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Com- mittee to be entrusted with the management and control of Victoria Park having been considered, they resolved to comply with the request, subject to the folloling conditipns :—(1) The land usually let with the Old Warps to be reserved ; (2) that the land shall be used as a park only ; (3) that such portions of the land as may hereafter be required as an approach to or for the purposes of new bridge across the river at Howley be given up when required. Alderman BEN-NETT in moving the confirmation of the minutes said he had been of opinion for a long time that they had not been making the best possible use of Victoria Park though he thought it was impossible for them to obtain full advantage of the park until they had a bridge across the river at Howley. They only got a small rental for the use of the estate as a farm and he sincerely hoped that the Town Hall Parks and Baths Committee would at the earlest possible moment throv. the whole of the land, except that appertaining to the house, open to the public. Councillor Emma); asked when the land would be available to the public The Tows CLERK said that if that minute were passed he would act upon it by giving the necessary notices. The MAYOR, in answer to several questions, said it was intended that the whole of the land should be used for a park except that adjoining the house. I The TOWN CLERK: The land was bought for a park, and cannot be utilized for any other purpose, but it I was thought that the house and so much of the land I might be reserved. ' 1 Alderman BENNErr said his opinion was that sometime 1 when they had the bridge at Howley, the house might 'be utilized as a branch library. In the meantime it was thought that they could get some rent for the use of the house and the gardens adjoining. The minute was approved. COST OF THE EDELSTEN ACTION. Amongst the accounts rwd omm9nded for payment by the Street Improvement Lighting Committee was a one of L. 103 7s. 3d. amoun of the plaintiff's taxed costs in the action Edelsten v. the Corporation. Alderman FORSFIAW alluded to the costs. There were, he said, no witnesses to pay, and he pre- sumed the briefs were not delivered. How, therefore, could the cu.*. arunnnt to g.IIIR ? He could not, for the life of him, understand how the cut,.. ~..”1d be so heavy. , Councillor LORD: I understood from the Town Clerk that the costs would not exceed £lOO. Councillor PEMBERTON remarked that he was quite astonished when he saw the figures. He understood the Town Clerk to say that the costs would be about £l2O This.was a big penalty to pay. He kicked against the settlement, because he did not believe in it, and he did not think it was in the interests of the Corporation at all. The TOWN CLERK, in answer to Alderman Forshaw, said the briefs were delivered. Alderman PORSHA.W.—Thpy ought not to be allowed for. The Tows CLERK said the costs were taxed at the Palatine Court in Liverpool in the ordinary way. ' Alderman FORSHAW.—We ought to see the details. The Tows CLERK :—You can see them any time you

like. Alderman BENNETT agreed to withdraw the account in order to place the details before the Council. Mr. H. THORNTON having objected to a lamp fixed to the Ebenezer Church, Buttermarket-street, the Paving and Sewerage Committee decided to remove the same. In answer to a question the Tows CLERK said Mr. Thornton objected to the lamp although a few years ago he applied for it to be placed there. The minute was approved. ASSISTANT MEDICAL OFFICER APPOINTED. On account of the continued ill-health of Dr. Gornall the Health Committee recommended that Dr. Gaffikin, of Huddersfield, be appointed to assist the Medical Officer of Health at a salary of £125 per annum, the engagement to be terminable by one month's notice on either side, which may be given at any time. T'ne minute was confirmed. RESIGNATION OF A LADY SANITARY INSPECTOR. Miss Flora A. Hughes having tendered her resignation as a sanitary inspector of the borough, it was resolved that the resignation be accepted with regret, and that the question of the appointment of a successor to Miss Hughes be deferred. Councillor EVANS, in moving the confirmation of the minute, said before appointing another lady inspector the committee would go into the matter in detail and see whether they were getting value for their money. (Hear, hear). Councillor BURTON seconded, and the motion was agreed to. BRICK-PURCHASING EXTRAORDINARY. The Sanitary Works Committee resolved that the tender of Nlessrs. Richard Evans and Co., Ltd., for the supply of 30,000 bricks at 2:35. per 1,000 be accepted, subject to delivery being at the Depot. 1 At 3 subsequent meeting the Engineer reported that 'Messrs. Richard Evans and Co., Ltd., required 2s. 6d. per 1,000 for carting bricks, and that this would increase the price of their tender to 21s. 6d. per 1,000, and it was resolved that the resolution accepting their tender be iescinded. It was resolved that the tender of the Warrington Slate Company, Ltd., for the supply of 30,000 Green- gate bricks at 21s. 6d. per 1,000 be accepted ; but at a still later meetiag the Chairman reported that when the committee opened the tenders for bricks at the first meeting one tender—that of Messrs. W.and J.Richardson, had been overlooked, havin been mislaid, and that at their last mesting this having should have been brought forward,but owing to a misunderstanding it was not. The committee were further informed that the tender of the Warrington Slate Company, Ltd., for the supply of Greengate bricks which had been accepted at the last meeting was id. per 1,000 more than the tender of Messrs. W. and J. Richardson for the supply of Ravenhead bricks, and after fully discussing the matter it NVoS decided to place the circumstances before the Council and obtain their instructions. It was resolved, that the tender of Messrs. W. and J. Richardson for the supply of 30,000 Ravenhead bricks according to sample at 21s. 5d per 1,000 delivered at Longford Depot be accepted. Althrman EVANS gave an explanation of the above difficulty. In the first place the advertisement was found to be irregular. Then they issued a fresh one and got tenders, and the tender accepted was that of Messrs. Evans. But the delivery was not definite, and the tender was only accepted conditionally. After the Imeeting was over an unopened tender was found on the floor by one of the maids of the hall, and it was from Messrs. Richardson. At the next meeting inquiries were made from Messrs. Evans, and it was found they wanted 2s. Gd. a thousand for delivery, bringing the price up to the tender of the Slate Compady. The last-named tender was considered with Messrs. Evans, and the opinion of the committee was that the bricks were more suitable, and the tender of the Slate Company was accepted. Unfortunately one of the junior clerks at the Town Hall forgot to produce Messrs, Richard- son's tender, and when he (Alderman Evans) found the matter out he called a special meeting of the com- mittee, and it MIS decided to ask the Council to say who should have the tend.r in the circumstances. It was a small matter only of 2s. Gd., but, as had often been said

===== 0002601_19070112_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
LAMPLIGHTERS' WAGES.

The Gas Committee recommend that the wages of lamplighters be increasect to 2-Is, per week, to Include Saturday and Sunday work. Councillor STOTT said the men were entitled under a resotuion passed some time ago 255. per week. It had been decided to pay them 21s. for their week's work up to Saturday noon, and time and a half for their work from Saturday noon to Monday morning, an increase of is. 9d. a week. He contended the men should have that increase without working extra hours and ho hoped the Chairman would withdraw the minute.

The MAICOR said he was informed by the Gas Manager that the men were perfectly satisfied with the present arrangement. Councillor STOrr said that was news to him, and be was relucant to interfere between the management and the men.

- Alderman EvANS said if he remembered rightly what was now proposed was what the men requested. They objected to being paid time and a half from Saturday noon till Monday morning. THE SHIP CANAL. TO ACQUIRE LAND._

The TOWN CLERK reported to the Rivers Committee that the Ship Canal Co., proposed to acquire lands in Arpley and had given notice of their intention to obtain Parliamentary powers for that purpose. Alderman BENS= moving the adoption of th 9 minutes, said he supposed the Canal Company wanted land for the disposal of the spoil dredged from the river. He hoped the spoil would not be an encumbrance to future projects. He often regretted that the Arpley meadows were being rendered impracticable as a site for a dock. Councillor FULTON-SMITH seconded, and the minutes were agreed to. CONGRATULATIONS. _ _

The MAYort,Caving read the names of the new magis- trates, congratulated them on their apnintment, and wished all the members of the Council A happy and prosperous new year.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
DON'T DELAY IF YOU FEEL "OUT OF SORTS

Or if you have a friend whose constitution has been weakened, whether by overwork of brain or bo ly by exposure to the weather, by working long hour in. ill-ventilated rooms, by recent sickness, or by any cause tending to weaken the bodily powers ; in a word, if he is one who suffers from any form of complaint which may be the result of any of the above or similar causes; if, for instance, you can see that he is troubled with Indigestion, the bane of our Country and of modern civilization; or, if you think he has Low Spirits, that sure sign of some Nervous Disorder, bringing in its train a host of other complaints such as Melancholy, Lassitude &c., or, perhaps, Neuralgia, and frequently, Sleeplessness, which of itself is sufficient to weaken the ',congest constitution, and to make life a burden; or, if being free from these, he is regarded by his friends or himself as being of a delicate constitution, subject to Bronchitis, Coughs, Colds, a tendency to Consumption, or other Chest Affections, and if he, like thousands of others, failed to get relief from other remedies,tell him he need not be disheartened, that there is one Remedy whose virtues are so great, that it has succeeded where others have failed, and that there is hope he may be cured,asthousands of others have been cured before him by making a sensible and timely use of Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. If your friend then gives it a fair trial, he will be fully convinced, as others have been, that this is the Best Remedy of The Age. You or your friend may ask "What is Gwilyrn Evans' Quinine Bitters ?" It is a Preparation now extensively taken throughout the country by patients suffering from Debility, Nervousness, and General Exhaustion, and if any value be attached to human testimony, the efficacy of this medicine has been suc- cessfully established. Its claims have been tested and proved by the medical profession and others, and corro- borated by the written testimonials of eminent men. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters contain not only as suitable quantity of Quinine in each dose, but the active principles of the following well-known herbs-- Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Lavender, Burdock, and Dandelion. The use of Quinine is well kown but it has never been satisfactorily combined with these preparations, until after overcoming considerable difficulties, the proprietor was able to secure a perfectly uniform preparation, comb; fling Ili the essential properties of the above plants in therg greatest purity and concentration. It is now estab- lished as a family medicine,and is increasing in popular favour the more it is known and tested. Gwil.ym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a tonic " Pick-me-up," scientifically mixed in happy proportions. Sold everywhere in bottles, 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each. Should any difficulty be experienced in procuring Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, it will be forwarded carriage free for the above prices by the Sole Pro- prietors: The Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. We particularly caution our readers against imitators, and impress upon. hem the importance of always seeing thht the name Gwilym Evans " is on the Label, Stamp, and Bottle without which none is genuine.

===== 0002601_19070112_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
KILLED AT PLAY.

I Sad Fatality at Padgate

A distressing fatality occurred at Padgate on Wednes- day when, during play time in the afternoon, ono of the scholars, Thomas Turner (7), was run over and killed. The circumstances of the accident were revealed to Mr. S. Brighouse and a jury at an inquest held at the Stocks Inn last evening. Mr. Turner, School House, Fearnhead, headmaster at St. Barnabas school, Warrington,said he last saw the deceased alive at 5.15 on Wednesday morning. He heard later that he had been killed. Thomas Coulon,driver for Mr. Ed ward Bennett,farmer, Padgate, said that on Wednesday he was driving a horse and float and was returning to the farm. He was com- ing past the school about three o'clock. There were a number of children playing and the deceased was on the footpath. Two or three lads were swinging at the back of the float and he had turned to speak to them when deceased ran on to the road in front of the float. Witness tried to pull up, but was unable to do so, and the right shaft hit deceased and knocked him down, the wheel of the float passing over him. He carried the boy to Mr. Blackwell, the schoolmaster, and afterwards took him to a doctor who pronounced life to beextinct. Deceased never moved after the accident. Witness had 'been driving seven years and the pony was a quiet and steady I one.

At this stage Mr. Brighouse read a statement written by Mr. Trrner, which ha-said reflected great credit upon him. Mr. Turner said :"I have had various suggestions thrown out to the effect that blame ought to be attached in various places.l wish to state publicly that I dislike such insinuations and I personally attach no blame in any quartei. As a child, I took the same risks in the same place. Since then probably over a thousand different children have done so and as long as boys are boys such risks must be,even with every precaution possible. I look upon the tragedy as a pure accident and simply feel that my boy was wanted for work elsewhere and so got promotion early on. As a schoolmaster I wish to express my sympathy with Mr. and Mrs. tslackewell, knowing as I do how I should feel such an accident in my own school. As parents both Mrs. Turner and myself beg to give grateful thanks to the Irishman who had the misfortune to drive the horse, to Mr. Blakwell and Mr. Dennett for the efforts they made to preserve my boy's life and to assure them I shall never forget their great kianess." The wry returned a verdict of, "Accidental aeath," and added that no blame attached to anyone. They recommended that until a new playground was provided a teacher or teachers should keep an eye on the children managers, Th The R . when at phsy. e‘xVp.rePsosleldockii-yHmipall, tbc of the school yhairman with Mr. and Mrs. Turner in their bereavement. He explained that the managers had just completed negotiations for the exten- sion of the playground, and that this would be done immediately. - , Mr. Bennett also expressed his sympathy with Mr.. Turner.

STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS. Latest Quotations. BANE' RATE O.SETTLIXG DAYS NTH AND 31ST. ;lAN. 1907. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOON. Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day. BRITISH FUNDS. Consols 21°10 lOO ...S6l 241". Annnities lOO ...93 210:o Annuities lOO ...854 Nt. War Loan 2 Red 1910 lOO —97; Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO Bank of England Stock lOO India Stock 100 ...104 HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian lOO ...103 Glasgow 4% S.-W. Pref. urd. lOO ...63 Great Central Deferred lOO ...161 Great Central Preferred lOO ...35 Great Eastern 100 ...84 Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO ...47 Great Western lOO ...134 Lancashire and Yorkshire lOO ...104A London, Brighton ST. South Coast 100 ...134 London Chatham and Dover 100 ...15 • Londonsnd North-Western lOO ...1521 London and South-Western lOO ...155 Motropolitan Midland Def. Convd. Ord 100 ...68 Do. Pref. Convd. Ord 100 —661 North British 100 ...40 North Eastern Consols .. 100 —.144 North Staffordshire lOO ...101 South Eastern 0.100 —B6 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific 100 —1991 Grand Trunk of Canada lOO ...29 Do. Guaranteed 100 ...103 Do. Ist Pref. lOO ...119 Do. 2nd Pref 100 —.lll Do. 3rd Pref lOO ...68.1 BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 .361 Lancashire and Yorkshire lO ...3571 London and County 20 ...94 London and Westminster OO .551 Manchester and County l7 ...CO Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 ...49i Parrs 20 ...87 Union of London 151 Union of Manchester ll —2Bl Williams Deacons S , ' BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcli ffe and Greeton 5% Cum. Pref. lOO ...107 xtl' Bell and Co. Ord lO —lO2 xd• Bents Brewfry Ord, lO ...5 Boddington s Ord 10 ...s Chester's Ord

a-r..-D--,, -s- r, -Whitnal 5% Cum. Pref 10 -.-.-.i' xd Guinness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. lOO ...575 Manchester Ord. lO ...2A Parker's Bursleru Ord. 10 ...11 Springwell Ord 10 ...61 Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO ...2c Walker (P.) S: Son 5% Cum Prof 10 ...97,1 xd TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE Anglo American Telegraph Ord lOO ...68 Nat. Telephone Pref. Ord. 6% lOO ...109 do. Def. Ord. lOO —.lll do. Ist Pref. 64 lO ...12 do. 2nd Prof. Minimum 10 ...11} Nat. felephone 34% Deb. Stock lOO —.97 xd TRAMWAYS. Blacicpool & Fleetw'd Traruroad lO ...127, British Electric Traction Ord. lO ...4ii Man. Carriage and Tramways A 74 ...35/ 0 do. do. B ...17/6 do. do. C 3l _l7/6 Southport Tramways 5 ...34 INDUSTRIALS, Scc Beyer, Peacock & Co. 5,Q/0 Cum Pref. 1 _1179 Bleachers Asso. 51 Cum. Prof. 1 ...21/3 Boy. Ord. (7'il. Cum.) 1 ...21/ BraGord Dyers Ord 1 ...26/6 Bradford Dyers 5",") Cum. Pref. 1 —2l/3 xd British Insulated c:nd Helsby Cables Ord 5 —.61 i British Insulated and noisily Cables 6.''. Cum. Pref 5 ...5,i Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ord. ...5i Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. 7% Pref. lO ...17 Buxton.Lime Firms lO ...61 Calico Printers Ordinary. 1 —.16/3 Castner Kellner Alkali 1 ...23/0 - Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary 1 Crosfleld (J.) & Sons, 5% Cum Pre. Pref. 10 ...10/:: Crostields, 41?; Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. lOO ...99 Crosfleld, 419 'A' Deben lOO .99 English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 —.37/9 Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO —Bl do. do. do. do. B 8 ...61 Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd., Ordl ...330 Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., 6•', Curn. Pref lO —.121 4% Dohs. Red. 100 ...98 Hunters the Teamen Ord. 1 —36/3 xd Lever Brothers, 5?; Cum. Prof. 10 ...10A xd Lipton Ordinary 1 ...1813 Meldrum Bros., 51% Pre'. 1 ...12/6 Mond Nickel Co.. Ltd., Ord. • 1 —.50'6 do. do 7% Cum. Pref. 5 ...6 ; Monks Hall Sc Co.. Ltd. 5% Cum Pref. 5 ...44 sd Nantyglo ,ic Blaina 8% Prof. 621 ...7-3 Pearson & Knowles, Ord 5 ...5 do. do. 6'!) Cum. Prof. 5 Public Benefit Boot 6% Cum. Pref.s „.41 The above list and prices have been compiled by Messrs. T. and J. L. Turista!! and Co., Stock and Share brokers, Bevvsey Chambers, Warrington, and will be found reliable.

Death. Binelt.--John Birch, 41. Mill-lane, Warrington, aged 66. Died January Itb. 1007. Interred at Warrington Cemetery, January Bth, 1907.

Warrington.—Printed and published by JOHN WALKER & CO., at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road WIDNES: 32, George-street, ST. HELENS: 3, Market- rrFet. EARLESTOWN; Church-street RUNCORN, Jan 12th.1907.

===== 0002601_19070112_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BMS SEY ROAD W ESLEtY AN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. ON SUNDAY NEXT, JANUARY 13TH 1907. Morning 1)30. Rev. JOHN GUNNELL. Evening 6.33. Rev. J. L. MILNE. M.A.,8.5. MI eleoine. Hymn Bcolis provided. Ay i FFE CHURCH, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. SUNDAY, JANUARY 13TH. 1%7. PREACHYPB ; 10 30, REV. J. YONGE. 6.30. REV. J. S. HUGHES (nip HILL CLIFFE). USUAL OFFER CORMS.

BAPTIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JANUARY 13TR, 1907. Morning 10.30. Rev. JOHN FRANCIS MAITHRW Evening 6. Rev. B. J. GAWNR. OFFORIORIRS.

EVA:SGELICAI, ltte KE CHURCHES.— WARUINGTON AND DISTRICT. The ANNUAL EXCHANGE of PULPITS and UNITED COlis IV UNION SERVICE on SUNDAY EVENING, JAN. 19C7, in the following Churches Preachers. Wycliffe Congregational Church, 6.30 p.m. Rev. J. Samuel Hughes. *Fold Street Wesleyan Church, 6.30 p.m. Jan. Rev. F. Vaughan. J 20th. Bewsey Pcad Wesleyan Church, 6.30 p in. Pew. J. L. Milne, B.D. Icgh Street Primitive Methodist Church, 6.30 p m. Rev. Sidney Pitt. Latchford Baptist Church, 6.0 p.m. Rev. R. J. Gawne. Fadgate 'Wesleyan Church, 6.30 p.m. Few. J. Yonge. Hill Cliffe Baptist Church, 6.30 p.m. Rev. H. Wall. Sant ey Bridges Wesleyan Churck, 6.0 p.m. w. J. F. Matthews. Et. John's Presbyterian Church, 6 30 p.m, Rev W. Mellor. Ceckhedge Congregational Church, 6.30 Rev. C. L Stowe, *Fmmanuel Episcopal Reformed Church, 6.30 p.m IJan, Rev. J. Manning. I 2Cth. Colborne Screet Baptist Church, 6 Rev. 'l'. H. Proctor. Buckley Street Yrce Church. 6.30 J. Upson. Esq Erick Street Independent Methodist Church, 6.30 C. R. Parker, Esq. • *The two marked with an asterisk indicate that the interchange sdll not take place until the 2, th THE USUAL OFFERINGS AT EACH SEUVICE. THE PUBLIC EARNESTLY INVITED. The UNITED COMMUNION SERVICE will be held in Bold Street Wesleyan Church,at 8 p.m., the Rev. J.Manning to preside and the Rev. J. F. Matthews to give the address. An cffering taken to defray expenses. Alt evangelical Christians are warmly invited to this service.

POPULAR CONCERT, BOLD ST.,SCHOOLIWOM TO-NIGHT (SATiJILDAY). JAN. 12TH, AT 7.30. ABIMEB :—The Misses LENA DUCKWORTH, MAY ISHERWOOD, EMILY MILLARD, AVICE BBSWICK, and PATTIE TAYLOR • Messrs. SAM HASSALL, JAMBS HARDY, and ItEGINAD JOHNSON. HUMoRIBT : Mr. JACK ROBINSON, of Runcorn. ACCoMPA_NIBTB Miss GIBSON and Mr. LEVI RICHARDSON. Admission One Penny. Gallery Twopence.

SHAK ES PE kRE THEITRF, LIVERPOOL. THE 411,A.ND XMAS PANTOMIME MOTBER GOOSF. Tom H. Id URR AY AS MOTHER GOO 9 E. EVERY EVENING AT 7 O'CLOCK.

WARRINGTON JUNIUR LIBERAL As SOCIATI W5l. ()PRICING OF SBCOND SESSION. On Monday next at 7.45 pm. in Gregory's Ca,e, 5, Buttermarket et.. an Address will be delivered on " WHY I AM A SOCIALIST." B yB. OSBORNE Beg ,(Late President of the Junior Liberal Association ) DISCUSSION TO FOLLOW N.B. —A record atte9elance is sinticipated. Come early to secure a seat.

TEE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON IS 1. PREPARED to REOEIViI LOANS, either at six months notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the Boaouun TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

SMOKE SUDLOW'S " OLD BOY'S" TOBACCO. COOL AND LASTING. 6D. PER OUNCE le. 7D. PER LB. TIN; 6s. PER LB. T • S UDLOW & Co., WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANT& 15, WINWICK ST., & 65, BUTTERMARBET ST, TELEPHONE 414 Y, WARRINGTON.

BIRKBECK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN, W.C. 21 PER CENT. INTEREST allowed on Deposit Accounts. 2 PER CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Accounts with Cheque Book. All General Banking Business Transacted. ALUANACK, WIT FULL PABTICITIARB, POST FREE. C. F. RAVENbOROFT, SEcRETAror

LEFT-OFF CLOTHING, 5z.3., BOUGHT.-BEST PRICE for parcels forwarded ; if not approved Goods Returned, CARRIAGE PAID. Second-hand DRESS SUITS, MILITARY, THSAT RI CAL, BAND UNIFORMS, LIVERIES, ARMY TENPS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRICE. LADIES' EVENING DRESSES, COSTUMES, BLOUS ES. GENT'S FUR-LINED and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTEAUS, &c., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY TROUSERS,S HIRTS,BLUO HERS,WELLI NG CON S. CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLICE CAPES, GORMAN'S, 326, 328, and 340, Deansgate, Manchester. Established 50 Years.

I ST OC KTO N, 63, HOWLEY LANE, CI • WARRINGTON, Dealer in BRITISH and FORRIaN BIRDS.—A good selection of. Rabbits, Fowls, and Pigeons always on hand. Bird seeds, the finest quality,•Gold fish and globes; Cages and cage requisites. _ • •

TFANIIIA ot the late Mr. JOSEPtI L BUCKLEY DESIRE TO THANK ALL FRIENDS for their kind expressions of sympathy in their recent bereave- ment. and for floral tributes.

1 ONDON and PROVINCIAL ENTERTAINMENT ILI BUREAU provides Skilled Entertainers, Pianists, for Parties, Dances, etc. List free.—MANAGER, Provincial Branch, 42, Garrick et., Liverpool.

SIX SECONDHAND PIANOS FUR SALE. WADS WORTH'S, 69. SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, Pianos by Cash or Easy Terms. Burling, suitable for learner £s 0 0 Avory. „ „ Jules Lemoine, Ivory keys Trichord £l3 0 0 Ajello, Tape Action, Full rrichord, Iron Frame MB 0 0 Windsor Model Iron Frame, Check Action, Full Trichord Kelly, Iron Frame, Check Action, Full Trichord guaranteed £2o 0 0 Note address : Wadsworth's, 59, Sankey St. Warrington.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per or. OOVERLETTE I TAILS OF 3 FRoM HAIR FRAMES, PURE FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3,U4RE08 ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

-- VOICE PRODUCTION (Old Italian Method), PIANOFORTE, and COMPOdITION. . MR. ALFRED R. SIPITON From the Royal College of Music, Munich, Germany. Warrington Friday and Saturday. Manchester Monday and Wednesday. For prospectus address 65, OROXTETIL BD.. Sef ton Park, Liverpool.

ACCIDESTS OF ALL KINDS, SICKNESS, EMPLOYERS" LIABILITY, BURGLARY AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS Ci ASSURANCE O. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £1,000,000 CLAIMS PAID £5,000,000 64, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIA'S% Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. 3. HOLMES, Bridge St. Mr, W.H. RlGBRY,Nessoliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latchford St Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-stree e Haydock Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willow Sandbach

TEETH LIPOIITANCE. A DETAILED AND ILLU iTRATED TREATISE ON THE TEETH. POST FREE ON APPLICATION. W. M&CGREGOR VEITCH, 112, PRINCES ROAD. LIVERPOOL. Hours 9 to a. Telephone 623 Royal.

G RAM:opnoNKs. P HON 00 EtAPHS, & LONOPHONES, LARGEST STOCK OF MACHINES AND RECORDS IN GREAT BRITAIN. THE MOSE EXPERIENCED TALKING MACHINE"' DEALER IN THE COUNTRY. LIMB Send for Lists, or when in Liverpool call and see JAKE GRAHAM, 76, RENSHAW STREET, AND 271, PARK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES. THOUSANDS OF TITLES BANG UP-TO-DATE.

N" EAR QALE EW EAR KJALE OF THE ENTIRE STOCK. SALE. LA lAMO ND Ls IRU S. GALE. -- _LI lANIOND ALE. BRACELETS, DINS, S!A.L - --- }MOOCHES, GUARDS, EARRINGS, NECKLETS, WEDDING AND KEEPER RINGS, ac. ALSO Part of a Liverpool Diamond Dealer's Stock of loose Diamonds of the finest white quality, now offered in the form oI Half-hoops and other Rings. ALSO upwards of 80 Solid Gold Bracelets, part of a Manchester Jewellees Stock, comprising the latest designs. NOW OFFERED AT Ci ONSIDERABLE REDUCTIONS. (SAVING OF 10s. TO 12s. IN 11111 £). PRIOR LIST FREE. jL) A.VI ESSS, 30 r OW-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

DRINK! DRINK ! ! DRINK !! ! MALE NURSES AT A AIOMENI'S NOTICE. HOPE HOUSE, HOPE-STREET, LIVERPOOL Telephone : 2570 Royal. Telegrams : "Nurses," Liverpool. ESTABLI4HED 28 YEARS.

to ALAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIEL MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE 25. ed., 35., 48. 6D., AND es. 61) J. G. DODD. lot ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. Mode And Ground By EngHeti Labour.

RELI-O-PAONE, Tbe Latest Wonder in Talking Machines. Wonderful Production. EACH. 9/ I 1 EACH. WHY PAY MORE Exoerts arty the Bnii-o-phone is equal to any talking machine costing En. Call and see this wonderful machine. Uunes to suit, 61. each, ONLY A LIMITED NUMBER FOR SALE. Call Today. RE 4 I Agni TOR ES FOOTBALLS, PtINCHBALLS, AIR aUtiS, EXERCISERS, HOCKEY AND GOLF. CHEAPEST PRICES IN THIS KINGDOM. RELIANCE ENGINEERING Co CYCLE AND SPORTS STORES. 29 AND 31, MANCHESTER STREET, LIVERPOOL. elephone 6822. Catalogues post free on application.

k...IIEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. T/31311BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., /OD., AND is. BD., EACH WHOLYBALE BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD:, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHEL 1833.

CONTRACTS. THE COMMITTEE OF THE REGIMENTAL INSTI ME, ORFORD BARRACKS, invite TENDERS for the supply of BEER,MINERAL WATIIRS,GROCHRIES, PROVISIONS, FISH, POTATOES. and SUNDRIES for a perio<l cf six months commencing the let February next. Application to be made to the President for a special tender form. wh'eli is to be delivered by 12 noon the 22nd January 1907, addressed to the President, and marked on the envelope " Tenders for Canteen Supplies.' The Committee do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. (Signed) Warrington, C. F. EDRIDGB, Major, 10th January. 1907. Canteen President, 8/40th R.D.

,LAILGI HALF-HOOP RING, containing El6/10/- 5 purest white brilliants, very choice stones ' perfectly matched in shape and colour, BUYS i exquisite 12:nd-carved setting of solid 18- , Carat Gold, a sample of neatness and £3O quality; also another 35 Guinea Large Diamond Half-Hoop, like new, now , 218 1" s. lult/I'4 InassuND iturif CLUSIBR RING, containing 10 purest 8/19 white matchless Brazillian real brilliant Diamonds of great sparkle and brilliancy,of BUYS the very finest quality.with large specimen 218 rich Oriental Ituby ; 18-et. claw-setting ; specially new and of great beauty. Als') 12-Stone Large Diamond and Ruby MAhQUISR RIFG, £lO 118.; cost £2b.

DA KR'S BANK, LIMIVED. 140TICH IS HERBBY CIIVEN, that the 42nd ANNUAL ORDINARY GIiZIERAL MEETING of this Company will be }acid at the j CANTION STREET HOTEL, LONDO!,7, E.C., on THURSDAY, the 24th DAY OF JANUARY. 1937, at One o'elook p.m., for the purpose of declaring a dividend to be payable on Ist February ; elect- ing Directors and Auditors ; and conducting the Ordinary Business of the Company. The Transfer Books will be closed from Wednesday, 16th January, to Thursday. 7th February. both days inclusive. By Order, R. W. WHALLEY, General Manager. Bartholomew Lane, London, H. 0., Jan., 1337.

UT ARRIiNGION IN FIRM. tc i. EX LEIN I.(.)Zi. SUBSCRIPTIONS TO DAAR. £ e. d. Warrington Union (in addition to their anneal subscription of £lO 10s ) Empllyees of Messrs. Monks Hall and Co Ltd. (second instalment) 53 0 0 Mr. John Hesketh, Springfield St 2l 0 0 Messrs. Iti,•st Bros., Ltd lO 10 0 Mr. Jame' C• Sutton lO 10 0 Mrs. J. Itboades Buckton, Whitchurch Mrs. 11).lands. Massey Hall Mrs. Birchall, Holly Lodge Fairfield H. G. School, per Miss M. E. Taylor 3 2 7 Contributions to Mrs. Pickrnere's Fund Miss Greening, 40, Grappenhall 11d 1 1 0 Mrs. Pic.duck, 46. Grappenball Rd— 1 1 0 Mrs. Lister-Kaye, Grappenuall 1 o 0 small sums Amount previously acknowledged 10,344 16 1 10,559 1 6 W. PETER RYLAND% Chairman ot the Extension Committee. GEORGE DAKIN, Hon, Trpasurer.

.1 MRS. IHOS. ULARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, " EXAMINER " OFFICE, 33, MARKET STREET, EARLESTOWN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS.

II MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUSAND.? OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON TO WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Miriam " Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Lo" of Appetite,Hysteria,Palpitation of the Heart,Debility, Depression, Weakne3e, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9id.. Is. lid., 2s. 9d.45. 6d. and Ils. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS COUGII MIXTURE, gives instant relief as proved by hundreds of estimonia is. Bottles 3/- and 4/S post paid from the tproprietors, 309 PoRTOBELLO-UalD, NOTTING lit L LONDON, W. (Only Address).

LARGE DIAMOND 5-TONE HALF HOOF. The very finest and whitest quality, without speck oi flaw ; tremendous 28/19/- fire end lustre, in latest hand-carved claw. carved setting, very stylish, and wonder, fully clacap ; also beautiful large. 3-Stone BUYS Diamond Ring, c'avi setting, now £9 18s ; 225 also very fine quality, equal to new,Second- hand 5-Stone, purest white' large, 5-stifle Half-Hoop, very heavy 13-Carat, thick (but neat), claw setting, £lB ; now £6 184 6ti. RINGS ON APPROVAL.

EAL 1 lIAMON U UNUAGEMENT D INGS. 1.1.,EAL _LIIAMOND -12ANGAGEMENT EVERY RING" OLID " 18-OARAI: Gold, set with real- Gems. Each Ring purchased is accompanied with our Guarantee and our undertaking to refund Lash if not as represented. Over bOO Finger aIZEI CARDS now ready It r Customers' use. GIVEN AWAY. Ask for one. Usual Price. Our Price. 10 0.-DIAMONDS AND RUBIES, 5 stones real gems, set in a row. strong 18-ct. claws, quite secure, lustrous and most effective half-hoop Gipsy Star- 1 /- set Engagement, fully guaranteed. 5/ 0 0.. DIAMOND k SAPPHIRE; HALF- HOOP. 7 stones, the favourite Claw- setting in Solid 18-cc. "Jold, neat halt-round, strong shanks ; most fashionable and charming. Others similar at 21s. and 235. aet with 17/6 rubies

£5 U O...IJIAMOND RUBY. HALF HOOP, 6 real gems, tine, rose-red rubles ; large stones, nest, thick half-hoop claw-set Ling ; half-round shanks, solid 18-cc. Gold. Also large 9-toe Diamond and Ruby 18-ct. Cluster 25/i Icing; £6 ; now 302 £6 U O...DIAMOND 5-STONB HALF-HOOP purest white Brilliants. 18-ct. Claw- setting, beautiful stone 3, lull of lusti e, strong and serviceab!e ; guaranteed. Also others at 425., 455., Qa 505., and 555. £7 0 O...DIAMOND 5-STONE, Claw-set, extra heavy, 4-dwt., extra thick half-hoop Ring. " last a lifetime," full guarantee Also others at £3E2/19' £3 19s. £4 10s. and £4 153

M ISCELLANEOUS IN SOLID GOLD. f'.ENT'S Solid Gold Plain Top SIGNET 30s; now 14s 61. k_A Solid Gold Massive (large siz,-) Curb Ring, £2 ; now 18s 6d. Lady's Solid Gold NECKLET, brhs,ht sparkling diamond-cut links, 30s ; now 12s 6d. Solid Gold DIAMOND BROOCH, £2 • now 96 6,1. Solid Gold Stiff BRACELET, 30s ; now 12s fid. Solid Gold SEAL, with reversible blood- stone, £2 ; now les 6d. Pair Diamond EARRINGS, claw setting, cost £9 ; now £3 18s. Another Pair £4 17s ditto. Large Diamond and Ruby BROOCri PENDANT, cost £18; now £7 h..s. Large Diamond and Sapphire CLUSTER PIN cost £9; now £2 7. 6d. SPECIAL BARGAIN.: FULLY 10s IN THE BELOW USUAL PRICES. Also Large 5-Stone. 15-Carat, Diamond alto Ruby BROOCH. cost £lO ; now £3 15s. also Wide, lb-Carat, Stiff Diamond and Ruby BRAUELET, cost £l2 ; now £4 19s. Also Gent's very fine 15-Carat Diamond SCARF SLIDE, cost £8; now £2 7s 6d. Also Gent's Diamond BUCKLE RING, £8; now £2 19s, solid 18-carat heavy ring. Also 15-Carat FLEXIBLE CURB, with PADLOCK, set with Diamonds and Rubies, £2l ; now EU 10s. Every Article Warranted. CASH BACK IF NOT AS REPRESENTED.— DAVIES'S GREAT XMAS SALE NOW PROCEEDING, 3J, LOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL. Tel. 0777 Royal. 3-GUINEA SOLID GOLD CURB AND PADLOCK BRACHLET. 9 / —Most Fashionable Hallmarked and Governm.nt Ad CP/ ". Stamped massive flexible Curb and Padlock BRACELET, complete in case; special. Also another, wide open links. at 255. Also very massive, Hall-marked flexible Curb and Padlock ; extraordinary value, £4 ; now 395. Also very choice solid Gold stiff snappisig, engraved and Hall. marked, usual price 4bs ; now 16s 6.1. Also lovely Real Diamond and Ru y 5-Stone Solid Gold Bracelet, reduced from £3 lOs to 255. LAUGH sumorioNs, with diamonds and gems. Sent on Approval. PAYMENTS. Cash back it not as represented.— I )AVIES'S LOW-HILL, LIVERPOOL.

MISSES . WOODS, 10, RYLAN DS-STREET WARRINGTON. PIX 4 #211L3E.430. LADIES' & CHILDREN'S WOOLLEN UNDERWEAR VERY CHEAP TO CLEAR. LADIES' COMBINATIONS from 1/3 to 15/6. LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS from Mk to 22/6. . LADIES' and CHILDREN'S NIGHTDRESSES. A Large Stock of LADIES' and CHILDREN'S BLACK and COLOURED CORSETS from 1/3 to 25/3. A Special Lot of LArge-gzed GORSE rs reduced from 35/-, 30/-, and 21/-, to 5/11, 4/11 and 3/11, LADIES' and CHILDREN'S DRESSING GOWNS and JACKETS marked regardlesi ot cost to clear. LADIES' GLOVES, BLOUSES, and FANCY NECK WEAR greatly reduced. INFANTS'. AND CHILD It i.i4N'S MILLINERY. EATS ar d ZiON'NETS from q 3.. CHILDREN'S COATS, FROCKS, REEFERS and BLOUSES WILL BE OFFERED AT VERY LOW PRICES TO CLEAR. BABY LINEN. • INFANTS' CLOAKS, ROBES, GOWNS, FLANNELS, Szc., all reducA.

W. fIODGKINSON LTD. CLEARANCE SALE OF _HIGH-CLASS DR Al'E COMMENCING MONDAY NEXT, JANUARY 14m. BRIDGE STREE F, WARRINGTO_N.

SPECIAT,.-TO MEET THE GROWING DEMAND FOR A GENUINE TAILOR-MADE COSTUME AT A REASONABLE PRICE. WE HAVE INTRODUCED A bPECIAL LINE AT Z 3 3S. THE COAT AND SKIRT. GOOD MATERIALS. WELL CUT. TAILOR-MADE. H. S. PAGE & CO., SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON.

CLEARANCE SALE NOW .PROCEEDING. BARGAINS IN CARPETS, RUGS, LINOLEUNIS, iEHDERDOWNS, BLANKETS, QUILTS., SHEETS, TABLE LINENS, CURTAINS, ETC. EVERYTHING REDUCED IN PRICK. FLOOR-COVERINGS AND WINDOW BLINDS FIX6D FttEg. E. COXTESI 72, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

SALE J. & W. DUTTON'S WINTER SALE 1907 IS NOW BEING HELD AND WILL CONTINUE THROUGHOUT THE MONTH. Special attention is directed to the cheap Damask Cloths, Quilts, Carpets, Blouse Materials, Linens, Curtains, Dress Fabrics, Sheets, Linoleums, ALL MADE-UP GOODS MARKED AT SPECIALLY LOW PRICES. Mantles, Coats and Skirts, Baby Linen, Millinery, Jackets, Shirts, Skirts, Corsets, Furs. A COMPLETE CLEARANCE OF ALL GOODS OF A SEASONABLE CHARACTER IS ESSENTIAL.

McDOWELLS LIMITED, Coach Builders & Motor Engineers. ()NF 15 H.P., A MEL_ CR ASqS, 4 CYLINDERS; 4 SPEEDS AND REVERSE. CONDITION EQUAL TO NEW. PRICE NEW AT ARIEL, WORKS, JUNE, 1906, £425. PR :SENT SALE PRICE £250. BODY OF ANY KIND TO PURCHASERS ORDER. SOLE DISTRICT AGENTS FOR FORD JUNIOR CAR AND • MOSELEY'S PERFECT DETACHABLE TYRE. DEMONSTRATIONS ON APPLICATION. RYLAN DS ST., WARRINGTON. TELHPHONE 4U9X

ESTABLISHED 1833 RIGUARD JEFFREYS; ES, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAMs MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed PiJtures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, Bco. Terms Moderate. REPRODUCTION BY HOLLYER OF PICTURES BY WATTS. ROSiRITI. and BURNE-J3NES. AUTOTYPE LEPRODUOrIONS OF PIC UTILES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GaLLEPIEi. A CHOICE COLLEMION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

JOHN LUNF, B:PAULO7I.. EMOVAL CON TR 1CT() R. EXPERIENCED MEN EMPLOYED. ESTIMATES FREE. TELEPHONE No. h.)7.

PUBLIC NOTICE—THE OLD-ESTABLISI'D BRADFORD ADVANCE (Jo., OF YORKSHIRE, HAVE OPENED A BRANCH IN MkNCHESTER.• LOANS GRAFTED NO LESS THAN RIO, TO ANY AMOUNT ON PROMISSORY NOTE, ALSO ON FURNI TUBE WITHOUT REMOVING. REPAYMENTS TO SUIT BORROWERS. APPLY: -TWA BRADFOSD ADVANCE CO.. 83, BRIDGE-STREET. •DEANSGATE, 4IANCHRSTER. TELEPHONE No. 731 E.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ivDVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- ale Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written prorni3e to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEA.LING3. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNBS. your OH THE CENTRAL STATION, MANAGER ; TO'-I1 H. GOOD WIN. .B.—Est4:Aistrel at, this 4,1,1r,5s Tw.ntv Years

pRONI PT CAS!! ADVANCES ON SIMPLY PROMISSORY NOTE. Granted Immediately. 2i Promissory Noce £lO 11 £SO £100 DISTANCH NO OBJRCT, No Fees, Fines, or Sureties. Strictly private and Confidential, Call or write H. KAY & CO., (Over Merchants Restaurant,) 92, MARKRT STRRBT MA.UCHKSTER, Telephone No. 6845.

piA&Ase NW E ADDRES.—MAUCE RE &I' CO 31. CAIRO ST.' WAREINtiTON. THE MOST PRIVATE AND GENUINH OFFICE IN TOWN. I LEND MONEY to anybody worthy of credit. My rate of interest is very low, and my repayments easy. Repay- ments may be made as follows : £3 Loan... is. .weekly. £lO Loan... 3s. weekly. £5 Loan... Is. 6d. weekly, £l2 Loam... 3s. 6d. weekly. £7 Loan... 2s. weekly. £2O Loan.-- Es. weekly, Other sums in proportion. Monthly or Quaiterly Payments taken. All transactions treated with strictest confidence. whether business is done or not. So call or write before you decide to go elsewhere, to th Manageress. MISS CO !THRILL, 31, CAIRO ST.. WA.REINGTON.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, RING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from RIO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. Af. T I Eli vaio;ing for temponry CASH ADVANCBS siould note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY Non TO 135 SIGNED- THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO Rm. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THiS BORROW RR. NO BILLS OF ALEI ARE TAKES UNLESS AGREED AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE ''NOT PUBLISHED INANY.NEWSPAP'ER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTq, itELTIfIVE IMMEDIATE ATTBETION IREESPECTIVB OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative will call pettionally upon applicants and complete the transactions at their own home or places ot business. My fairdealirg and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled

(J A II ACCOMMODATION to all:respectable; anditrustworthy persons, note of hand only, on these terms : £5 £lO £ls £2O £3) £SO £lOO , £ll2 10s. Od. Call or write to actual lender, V. JACKSON. 'lO, PLYMOUTH-GROVE. MANCEIRSTER 26, Corporation-street, Manchester ; and .25, ISA. fGATR-Ro %V, CHRSTER.

A BROKEN-DOWN SYSTEM. This is a condition (or disease) to which doctors give many names, but which few or them really understand. It is simply weakness—a breakdown as it were, of the vital forces that sustain the system. No matter what may be its causes (for they are almDet numberless), its symptoms are much the same ; the more prominent beinv sleeplessness, sense of prostration or weariness, depression of spirits and want of energy for all the ordinary affairs of life Now, what alone is absolutely essential in all such cases is INORHASHD VITALITY—vigour—VITAL S iIiENGTH AND RNFRGY to throw off these morbid feelings, and experience proves that as night succeeds the day this may be more certainly secured by a course of the celebrated life-reviving tonic. THERAPION NO. 3. than by any other known co:nbination So surely as it Is taken in accordance with the prirded directions accom- panying it, will the shattered health he restored, the lIX- PIIIING LAMP OF LIFH lIGHTHD UP AVM; ,H, and a new existence imparted in place of what had so lately seemed worn-out, " used up," and valueless. This wonderful re- storative is purely vegetable and innocuous. is agreeable to to the taste—suitable fo- ail conetituthms and conditions, in ' either sex ; and it is diffienit to imagine a c use of dieetse or derangement. whose main features are those of debility, that will not be speedily and permanently benefited by this rever-failing recuperative essence, which is destined to cast into oblivion every thin z that had preceded it for this wile• spread and numerous class of human ailments. THERAPION may be procured in Pngland rat 2s. 91. and 4s, 61. p,st free, for P. 0., from Mr. If. JoHNSON, 4., HOLFURD :QUAItI4, LONDON, W.O. Purchasers shou'd see that the word "I'llfitiAPlON ' appears on British Government Stan p (in white letters on a red ground) affixed to every package by order of His lidt,,jesty's Hon.Cominissione.rs. and Taithout which it is a forgery.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. Wycliffe Church. New Years's Sunday. Rev. John Yonge and Sunday Observance. New Year's Sunday was observed at Wycliffe Church Iby the holding of spdcial services. There were large congregations. In the morning there was a young people's service, when the Rev. Alfred A. Lee, of Emmanuel Church, Bootle,delivered a pOwerful address on the words: "We ought to obey God rather than man "(Acts v., 29). At the close the annual presenta- tion of Bibles to the nsembers of the pastor's class.took place. Thirty-two young ,peoplo received Bibles making ; a total since 1881 of 735. 1 At the P.S.A, meeting in the afternoon the President ; (Rev. J. Yonge) addressed a large assembly on "A New I Year and a new start." He said the end of a year I suggested review and over-hauling and seeing how things stood. All sound businessmen did • that and the same method should be adopted by Christians in 'the business of life. That was the supreme business—their life, and what to do with and in it; its days, its powers, and opportunities. God

, Ws the Quality that tells ..:-.D. a ..,•. ..w-, ',le , At (~,q fe,,,, 1.-4 ': • • I to ..< , , ..... rt. .L. ' - ..<.- ...- • :':'..±. - WT.-- 7. - WI .I•Z' .. ti•., .„44pt,, . 1:4... - -,.. ; ..,,, ‘,.. • . --_,,, , : ..,k . ~,,,, zi., . ; k -.--, - . *- i ~,,.. 4 IVg • 0 W., 0,,......-3 ' ~, , *--;1 tk? • ?er t 4*- ~,-it - V .4- -•• I,' 1 Ike, ie , -;„,,,; ..• ,- , -.. IS THE FINEST COCOA IN THE WORLD.

a S 'esitt There is positively nothing equal to Angler's Emulsion for the relief and cure of coughs, bronchitis, and all lung affections. By its peculiar soothing and baling effects it stops the cough, allays soreness and inflammation, improves the breathing, and makes expectoration easy and free from effort. At the same time it keeps the digestive organs in a healthy condition and acts as a tonic to the entire system. One day's trial will convince you of its soothing, cough-allaying, lung-healing power. If you will send 3d. for postage and mention this paper we will send you a free sample bottle. Of Chemists and Drug Stores, xjx, 2/9 and 46. >SOO% 1°•-•4‘ SST rla Art „fr (PETROLEUM WITH HYPOPHOSPHITES). THE MOST PALATABLE OF ALL EMULSIONS. THE ANGIER CHEMICAL CO., Ld., 32 Snow Hill, LONDON, E.C.

Otiorelfaneous, on zpates, ett.

110 FAR SlERS.—atraw and zawdust M assure; put on rail I. Or boat.-22, FAIRECURtT ST., Higher Ardwiek, Manchester.

USALB, 2 PIANOS, new, upright grand, overstrung ivory keys, no reasonable offer refused,-89, BEWSEY ST., Warrington,

ATCHES. CLOCK'S, JIMBLIARY given away for y. ur spare time.—Write STALLLRD, Union Passage, Birmingham.

frOMPOSIIIII and cheap Wooden BUILDINOS, Boarded boofe, on th 3 best system ; sand requirements--R. JcHNe, 13ewdley.Worcesterst.ire.

,2PriCIAL cffer to Out:icor Workers —2,030 Police Water- i•J proot tlannel-lin.l Capes, 4s. 6d. eacil.—VauGasis, 15 Hassle terrace, Leeds.

r HK Lovely Hymn, "He died of a Broken Heart," words JL and music, Is. per dtzen from autbor,—Dams, 25, Clarendon rd., Leeds.

Ai LJT SllLL.—firoadwool Concert Grand PIANOFORTH in excellent coneifion ; accept EIJ or nearest offer. —:4O, SILIXE.PEARE ST.. tlouthport.

LILASIIC tiTOCKINGS. 2i. d.; Knee-Caps, 2s, Suepen- Ecy Bandage!, Is. each from Manufacturer—W. 11. MADDOCK, Alfred Bt, South. Nottingham.

SUI ING LIS NG m, beautiful grey mixture Tweed. 125.6 d. carriage paid; wortb doubt; morey back if not satirfied. —W. ButtocK, 10, Anderton St., Morecambe.

PPORTRAIT3 skilfully Hnlarg.d and Tinted, framing size 18 x 14 ; finished 4 days ; 3s. post free,—RoßlsSo2ed EiTurdo, Nest Horsley, surrey, Hstab. 1887.

LASTIO BTOOHINGS, 21. each, posl free; measure UJ forms free. MACINTOSHHi repaired and made to order.—HuGHEs, 23, Echool lane, Liverpool. (VT SALH, GYMINkSIMI APPLIANCHS, including V/ horizontal bar, parallel ban., and tittle. Will accept £6.—Apply 385, SCoT L4NE, Pemberton, Wittan.

QHBFFIBLD Outiery. 53 pieces 2)s. cash ; Hasp plymehts 0 Arranged. Astounding value. Lists fre.. Write to-thy. ALEXANDER BROSI 13 Twymng rd.. Birmingham.

BAZtt UUOD, (dpecial), id. and titd.—liretitest variety and value in the tradr.—Sar.:vtoN & dATTIIEWM AN, Ltd, Plough Boil tinge, Gloucester et., Birminghem.

QPECUL.—Bach purchase* 12s. 6d. Pearl Pin set gold, 0 free 18ct. tioned Cold Vouble Albnt.-111AtiAGER, RIENT PFARL CO., 12 Clifton Mansions, Brixton, S.W.

7.1.—G00d SHCOND•HAND PIANO ; guaranteed for cJSI 10 yesre and tuned free for 12 months ; also one at £l2 12.4.—J. R. W 011), 47, Old London rd., Stockton Heath.

BUHGLAHS I FlitH BUILGLAtc I —Combine Fire and Burglar Alarms, 21s. complete. mcney returnea if uneatiefa ctory.—WEtToN, 54, Meignui rd., Highbury, N.

j ADY will sell her lovely Black Silk Dress Length. 14 LA yards for 425., worth double. Patterns submitted or money returned I! not approved.—lirs. 8., 97,Cromwell rd, Wimbledon.

INCRRASE YOUR INCOM BY TRADING.—Send for E William Cotton's ss, parcel of Jewellery, Hosiery, Lace, Haberdashery, Oyeralls.—WEE ;MAY CllOB3, Nottinginm. Established 1848.

VOOTB iLL C/ASICS.—CIose of Seafon, clearing out. Best 1: quality, bend-sewn cowhide, buttonless, perfect shape, only ss. tatisfaction or money back.—F. MILLI, King it,, Sonthwell.

ABARGMN.--Comprising keen hollow-ground Razor, tan bide Razor strop. and boxwood handle Shaving Brush, sent fre, for 2.. 6d.—JoHa Loon, 13 Girven terrace. Eastiogton lane, Durham.

BABY'S Outfits c mplete, 10..61. carriage free. Buy from London. the centre of the world's train, ant get best .yalue for money. Send for price Iist.—MANAGER, Ihe Draperies,' 70, York rd., London, 8.8.

MALLWARBS AND HABBRDASHBRY.—SpeciaI Penuy 1.3 Lines for market men and shops. 7v. 6d. per gross, carriage plid on rectipt of P.O. from J. APPELFELBLUM Co., 164, Bury New rd., Manchester.

-LIAM LIIDGRR. 10b 6d, each, sent on 7 days' approval. L. Three yrars accounts. Ditrv, Stock, Crops, Service Record, Carting. Wages' Poultry Accounts, ac.—RIPPIN 13.txxu, '1 he Newarkes, Leicester.

A STROLOGY,—Horoscope of Life Events. Change s 11- Fortunate Pays, Butiness Success, Matrimony, .te Two years' future added.--Send birthriate and Is. P.O. to PRopErsoß GOULD, 27, Windsor rd., Newport, Mon.

ST RTL N VALUlL—Laliet,' Plated Black Cashmere Stockings, 95. 6d."dozen ; b.mple pair, 10d. Genuine Unepottable Black Costume Cloth, 6 yards, 7s, Bd. free. Satisfaction guaranteed.—CL 4RK'S 33, High et., Smethwick, Birrn;ngtiam.

rpHR GRAND OLD MAN that was (Gladstone), one of A FrigTand's noblest and greatest statesmen a Bold Medallion of him in massive relief in Antique Bronze ; splendid for ball or corridor ; a pleasing arid lasting memento for sale CheRp.—HoWELL, Marple.

WHOLBSALE DRAPBRY.—Pin,fores, Aprms, Blouses, Skirts, Rosierv, Underclothing, Fente, &e, Assorted parcels for beginners, lOs .£5, Job Lots and samples for market perple. &c,—WitcocK's, Penny at., Blackburn.

I\TEW, GENUINE, Excelsior, Gold-Moulded RECORDS I'l exchange system, 61d. each ; particulars of great free gift scheme and lists post free ; dealers should !write ; agents wanted, FALCON WORKS. Falcon Terrace. Clapham Junction, London.

('tilt January Sale Bargains in Skirts.—For 31. we send _1 you, carriage paid, a smart, well-cut Dress Skirt,neatly trimmed, latest style ; colours Black, Navy. Grey, the value cf which wia please you.—Send length and waist measure— over 231 n, 6d. extra—to WTI:TVA SKIRT WAREFfousz, Brig- house, Yorkshire.

rritiE PIiACTICAL EIECTEICIAN'S POCKHT BOOK. 1937.—GreMly enlarged. Buy It. Of all Booksellers, is. cloth and is. 6d. leather (with £25 Insurance), or Is. 2d. and is. Bd., post free from RENTELL & Co., 36 Maiden lane, strand, London.

ABMY BLUCHRRS Army Bluchers : —4,000 pairs of new sewn Blachers, very best leather soles. Will send one pair, any size, post free, for ss. 6d. Cash returned if not approved of.—}l. J. GAssos, Government Contractor, Rye.

IOOK I—The beet, strong, and warm handwoven Wollen _I Horse Rug,with throat strap and bound ; carriage paid for ss. 61. ; smaller sizes, 4s 6cl. end 31. 64. Cash returned if not approved of.- From H. J. GASSON, Government Con- tractor, Rye.

lIRESS SKIRT. splendid value, 4s. lid. post free,in Black _1 and Navy Melton Cloth, trimmed Mercerised Sateen Stmppings, fashionably cut full width. Give length and Waist measurement.—G. HAMMoND & Co., I Meaford Terrace, Westeliff, Essex.

eatindunldwreidll 'Al°Ncoßmlr'arFdOpßosßt iltrAeeiNPsr.intSeedul'amPPl)iletfoorf On. Inventions that are badly wanted. It may Rive you an Idea that w)ll bring you a fortune. The best shilingsworth ever soId.—INTFNT. 36 Sneinton Hollows, Nottingham.

L'NLARGRMENTS.—A Remarkakle Offer for a limited U 4 time only. Messrs. Binge 3: Co.'s life-size Royal Bromide Enlargements. ss. 61, each mounted on canvas, from any photo. send for special illustrated particulars and neat pocket calender free --BINGE t Co., Forest Gate,London

FVINES Gent's Bost Calf BOOT in England for 98. 61.; whole golosh. leather linel. sewn ; all shapes ; well worth 12s. Ed.: fair wear or a new pair ; carriaae paid.—Tom TAvLoR, LTD. Manchester et., Liverpool. P.O.'s should be crossed. Goods despatched same day. It's the quantity we sell that enables us to do them at the price.

TtrilliP FROM DAMP.—White Indfarubber Waterproof 1%. Sheets. 46m. by 42in. with brass eyelet holes, 23. each ; 7ft. by 4ft. ss, ; 6t. by 61t. ss. ; or any .17.1. price in propor- tion. Cash returned if not approved.--From H. J. G-Asao,t, Government Contractor, Rye.

WMR NAILS (Mixed), 85. 6d. per cwt, 281b5, 25. 3d.; Screws, mixed. 285. per cwt, ?Blba 75. 6d.; Wire, Cut, Wrought, and Malleable Nails. TaJks, Rivets, etc•, etc., wholesale'prices.—MlDLAND NAIL Wo-axe, 25 to 28, Rea Bt., BriMinWhstM. C. W. HAYLRS. Proprietor.

GOT RATS? lv SO, USE SI.NPORIIi ds POISONS. It en the trouble by destroying them. Rats, Tice, Moles, !co., like it, eat it, and perish Try the remedy, yru will be delighted with the result. Price is. Bd. to ss, per box, of all Chemists, or SANFIRD &sov, Sandy, BeAs

MO BB SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works, lately- used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24.420 square yards of Freehold Land. with 'siding to the railway. Suitable for ChemicAl or other werka requiring space.—Address 3 HOsKING, 16, Fenwick street, Liverpo.l.

BCTIC Down Quilts and Blankets, special offer; 50 per P 1 cent under regular prices ; real Down Quilts,full double size, bordered satteen, 1 a 63 ; Blankets, for double beds. 103 in by Fin., weight llib , satiafaction guaranteed or money returned, 19s. 63. pair ; crrriAge & Co, 51-61, New Oxford at.. I ondon.

ORSHS' LOIN CLOTHS line.l througbout with Army Woollen Hugging; best and strongest in the Market, 461ns long by 391ns. wide ; Waterproof on stout navy canvas and weigh 41bs., 3s ; any size made, price in proportion ; special oirriage Loin Cloth, 4s. 6d.. either post free.—H. J, (Lars" Government Contractor, Rye.

AVATFIRPROOF COVIOS same material and pliable as V V railway sheets, 12ft. by 91t. 12s. ; 15ft. by 91t. 15s. ; and so on to any size at Is. per square yard, with lashes. Quantity large pieces Tarpaulin et 201. cwt odd prices suit- able for roofing Bs. pr cwt. Cash returned if not approved of.—H. J. Gi99ON, Government Contractor, Eye.

URINGE NETS, 361 n., 101. dozen, post free.—AtIBRET, L. 14, Camb!a St. Blankfriars,

11'S WORTH your whi e to try Welsh flannels for warmth, IL wear, and value from .Josis WILLIAMS & Box, Woollen Manufseturers, Brecon.

Q PERFLOOS HAIlt permanently removed by our Illectric Bat'eries,price 15e. The only perfect method. Particulars from WARD NEWMAN. Ley et., 11f9rd, E.

10111ROPRIKTARY AR ricLu MOH SALH under exceptilnal circumstances. Merits already proved on market. Large returns mtain to energetic man with moderate capital.—B. YEADON, 27, Hanover square, Leeds.

A BOOK YOU NKBD Money-making American trade 1-1. secrets. worth twenty times its cost. Absolutely reliable and espec,ally valuible to Shopkeepers. Will save you Ls, post free 4,. 6d.—WELLS dorraEnx & Co., 59, Chichester rd , Portemouth.

RUBBER GOODS and every description of dun/teat and Domestic Appliances at half usual prices ; valuable Information and illustrated list free ; four splendii samples is.. or ten assorted 2e. 6d. (worth ss).—W. E. DOREAN & Co., Manufacturers, West No wood, London.

SUPHRFLIMUS HAIR and MOLlSS.—Perfected Blec- trotysis (by Mr Parke's invention) supersedes all other sveteens in rapidity for permanent destruction. The only method which never disappoints. by appointment only Stamped envelope to Mr. tioBERT J. eARICES. 2, Church st., Southport.

ißotor Car% CnOtO, Tarriawfs, etc

GOOD Second-hand MILK FLO tT on Sale ; very cheap.— HENRI? MELLOR, Holden Foli Farm, lloyton, near Oldh‘m,

FLOAT, best coustruction, Suit milk dealer, greengrocer or others, very cheap.—CoNwirs, MaddoK St, Scotland rd., Liverpool. -

Q H.P. Genuine DH DION ; single cylinder; four-seater ; 0 side entrance ; lately repainted and overhauled ; cheap. J. M. IN,v/xE, 539, Lord at. Southport.

A GOOD CHEAP NEW MILK FLOAT. also Dogcarts, :1 Governess Cars and Business trap,s all at low prices.— FARR'S CARRIAGE WORKS. Chapel et., Orttlekirk.

,rlll7O-WEBLED DOG-CIA.Rt, rubber tyres, walnut body 1 by Julian; Four-wheeled Stanhope, rubber tyres, by Windoyer ; mate. 14mps. and cushions with each—Apply JoHN STONES, Shinn': Mille, Bolton.

VCR DISPOoAL, a Bargain, Gent's Co?entry ball free wheel CYCLI3 ; not soiled. silver plated rims, all parts beautifully plated on Copper, rim brake, new and up to date, not ridden more than 20 miles, best pneu- matic tyres and tubes never r tinctured, gutralteed all new, complete with plated gas lamp, belt, bag, pimp spanner an 1 oiler, also enamelled lud Guards, assn urgently want s £3 128. 61, approval willingly. T. Hu.stvo, Chargrove House, Ashcombe-road, Weston-Super-Mare.

partnersblps, EuscintssM barts

PEfiSONS PUHCFIASIN (4 RUSIN 11.1?!8M. can be accommodated with Capital at MAunicE AND Co., 31, Cairo at., Warrington. s

QPLENDID CHIP and FISH BUSINESS for Sale, in Ll main Street; good reasons for selling.—SarxEst, 8, Mill at., Crewe.

COMYAOT LITUR POULTRY FARM for Sale, near Warrington. ParticulArs, Mr. COWDELL, Legh st , Warrington.

CIO&L and OARKIIIR Ei BUaINNSS for Sale. Weir V eatablished, with poultry run. near Warrington.—Mr. CroNDELL, Leh et.

IONFISOTIONtirtY and OA.THIIINGI. BUSiNIiSS, Stockton ‘.) Heath. at vsluation.—Apply Mr. COwDELL, Business A gent, 31, Legh at,, Warrington.

OLD-ESTABLISHIM Et CONFHOTIONIS and DRAPHIC3 SHOP, 84, WARRINGToN RD., Lower Lace, noir Wigan. —Apply on the premises.

()N SALE, 2?.00 Boni, Provident Association of London, V_ 2 paid. Will take £3o.—Se d offe:s to MADEW, 52, Mayer-st., Hanley, Staffs.

FRIED FISH. and 11-IIP BUSINHSS for Sale ; doing good trade; excellent stand ; good reasons for leaving.-79, DARLINGToN rT. HART, Wigan.

ILK•or COAL BUSININS WANTED: or would enter- :3l taln other good paying business ; will give £5 bonus to anyone introduling a suita'Ale business : address in!con- fldence " 0283" " Evening News" Office. Manchester.

L QUIT? for £1,150,—Clearing well over or £lOO a year Es) after all outpayments ; another one for £l,lOO giving same returns ; also a £1.033 mortgage well secured, waiting to be transterred ; all equaling, giltedge securities.— WILMS, Churchtown. Southport.

DAWINBHOKING.-10011. SALE the Business carried on AL for many years by the late WALTER NEWTON, at 284 Ordsall Lane, Salford. This is a genuine business and a good weekly trade done with small capital ; }Cent £25 per annum and stock about £553 ; further particulars on application.

Jodi\ BtiOVVlsi, 34, soura JOLIN IVERPOOL. TEL. 179 Y CENTRAL, HAS A VARIETY OF BUSINEsSioi ON HAND TO SUIT ALL CLASSES OF BUYERS.

ZEE antei

lAt ANTE D, old coloured Fashion Plates ; also old books VT containing coloured plates.-GoLnsmits, 101 Alexandra rd., London, N.W.

AKtili, Warehouseman, PI ace Trust. middle-aged ki man, excellent refertnces.—COßNELlUS, Stanley House, Dawlieb, Devon.

ANTED, transfer of goodwill, small private school t V (Boys). Moderate terrne.-1A MANOR RD., Brookley, Kent.

- - J 0 o'B. Promissory Notes, Debts, bought, any distance _; 1 cash down, full value.—O. SMITH BAILEY & CO., 2, Market at.. MAnchester•

rirYPXWßlTUSG.—Manuscripts copied, 91. 1,003 words. Circulars duplicated. Prices free.—Aintss, 103 Broom- field, Smethwick.

fl AY and CLOVEIH. S CACKi WANTHD. for cash by lump or ton.—Quote full particulars, NEWTON, Merchant. Lonkiton, ttaffs.

PTBINIT WATHit TAPS, unequalled; wanted established manufacturer to make on Royalty.— Address, CHARLES NODDER, 20, Beech Hill rd., Sheffield.

pUY YOUR OWN HOUSS. —Average weekly piymente, 46 7,1. If no work, or sick, payments suspended.— "SHEPPY," Shakespeare rd. Gillingham, Kent.

I IANADA.. Wanted urgently 1020 MBN for immediate kJ definite employment at high wages.—Send stamped envelope 13urrtsu E.T C. SOCIFTY, Newington, Liverpool.

OU Want our Agency. -Goods in universal derean I INeral commission to energetic workers ; stamp for particulars.—MUßPHY, Coolruse, kiruree 5.0., Limerick.

A GBDITLBMAN with influential Connections in London li is open to represent good Companies and Firms.— Apply EEPRESENTATIvE. 10 Great St. Helens, London, 8.0

GENTLEMAN in touch wi, h Manufacturers, Shopkeepers, &c., can materially add to their incc,mes. No Samples, not Life Insurance.—Apply fiErs..B./ Bishopsgato at., Within London B.C.

WANTED, ADENTS to introdurfe the " Wilbran " elf- holding Toaster (Patent applied for No. 25,35); good commissions ; sample and particulars post free 4d.-3, SouTH BROoN Err., Leeds.

OOD WAGES and full employment guaranteeed ; WANTED, RIN,i SPINNER and DOP PERS or girls to learn same. Wages will be paid during period of learn- ing.—Apply first instance, R.LEvrls, 37 Bank st.,Warrington.

AGRNTS WANTED, both sexes, whole or spare Vale ; cash bonus and liberal commission ; experler unnecessary ; perfectly gennine.—Send stamped addressed envelope.--lbe BROWN MANUFACTURING COMPANY, 11, County Chambers, Corporation et., Birmingham.

PENKETH.—GOOD HOUSES WITH GARDENS, 3s. 9d per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 28. 6d. per week. IVY LODGE,PPOGRALL LANE. reclueed rent. 55, WASH LANE, rent 7s fid. per week. M,LL STREET. OFFICE 3,ground floor. Also upper rooms. WORKROOMS sear Bridge street, rent ss. per week. 17, MILL LANE, rent 68, per week. 6, SCHOOL BROW, rent 3s. 9d. per week. 47, NEW HO AD, rent 4s. 9d. per week. BANK STREET, 7 Stall Stable with good Yard and Cart Shed. CORN R SHOP 2, School Brow, rent 63, Bd. per week. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent. No. 1 Bank-street War- rington. Telephone—No 55.

TO LW GOOD HOUSE, Parker street, rent 351. month J. clear, will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODS & SOY, Solicitors, Warrington.

TTLICT. 6, RAGLAI MOUNT. Wilderspool. two Bitting, three bearootne, kitchen itc. Penny trArn.—Apply BOSTOCIC, Fagle Mont,t, Wilcierepool.

130 LET —£4o and £2O. 2 and 3 Westcort at., Brompton. 1 Chatham. Main rd.. close Dockyard. Military and Naval Barracks, 40ft. Front by 1(0. Iwo shops, 14 rooms, outbuildings and stable.— PYE, Jeweller, Canterbury.

rpo BR LHT (or sold) pair of superior semi-detached 7illas _IL lower Walton, five bedrooms, two entertaining rooms. good garden, Etc., Hxceptional situation, ten minutes from ram.—Apply. GARLA,D, 51, Bridge it., Warrington. DVVELLISG-HOUSE.-1 0 BB LHT, with immediate possession, No. 19, Stanley it., containing two enter- taining rooms, kitchen, scullery and pantry; five bedrooms bathroom ; outside washboule ; rcnt £2); there is an access to both houses from St. Austin's lane.—Apply J. and DurroN, Sankey st., Warrington

10 Tong Suttons' Early REGENTS on Sale, good sample guaranteed grown from Scotch seed last season on heavy land; price Is, per cwt. ; also a few Bricures.—Ap?ly. RimmEn, Berry House. Scarisbrick. near Ornaskirk.

5,C00 ROSBS TO BB SOLD CHBELP AS GROUNO is WANTED. 3 strong Rambler Roses in three varieties, Is 6,1 ; 3 strong Climbirg Hoses in thre,l variettes,ls 6d; 6 Bush Roses,Utrich Brunner, General Jacqueminot, La Fran2e, Gross an Teptitz, John Hopper, Mistress Long Lain., 2:1 91 the eiK ; 4s. Collection of 1 doz Roses :6 Bush Hoses. 1 Magna (Marta, 1 Mina Cora Testout, 1 Baron de Rothschild, 1 Cleo, 1 Captain Christie 1 gistregs Long Laing 1 Crested Moss, 2 Crimson Ramblers, 2 Gloire de Dijon, 1 Frau Karl. 1 Fran Karl Drasshkl free, the 13. 4:I.—STRONG, Rlmcroft Nursery, Worcester Perk, Surrey. Cash wich order.

00K I ROSRS I l ROSHS I I !—JAaskS LA WOR RRNOWNHD ROSES from Devonshire, all grand hardy stuff, 12 acres of Roses. Rose a speciality, 100 001 grand plants to select from. All carriage paid for cash. Hstablished 50 years. Plant now. 12 finest Standard Roses, l'e. ; 12 best Half-standard Rases, Us. ; 45, very best Dwarf Perpetual or Bush Roses. 21s. ; 20 best ditto, 10s. ; 12, beet Hardy Teas and Hybrid Teas, Bs. 7 12 beat dwarf Perpetual's, 7s, ; 6 finest Climbing R 0983, 4s. ; 6 beet assorted Ramblers, 4s. ; 6 Crimson Ramblers, 34 6d. ; 6 19vely Yellow Roses, 3.. 6d. ; 6 beet Moss Roses, 3s. 6d. ; 6 Crimson or Pink Monthly Roses, 3e.; 12 hardy Everereen Running Roses for Rockeries, Banks, Under-trees, etc., 6s. ; 60 Un- named Roses of Teas, Peroetuals,Ciimbers,etc., assorted good stuff, lie. ; 20 Standard and Flail-standard Hoses, best sorts but un-named, 145. ; 12 strong bush Apples,Pears or Plums, best sorts, fruiting trees, 165. Thousands of all best fruit- trees, Shrubs, Climbing and Herbaclous plants, very cheap. Large and cheap collections of all best Bulbs for planting now. Descriptive Catalogue Bulbs, and cheat) lists free Thousands of Testimonials. JAMES WALTERS. ROSH GROWHR, MOUNT RADFORD, RXRTER.

Oat bp Ruction.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms: No, 1, BANK-STREIIT WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 65. DASH ADvANOED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Second-band Furniture and other Goods constantly on S%le by Private Treaty. Inspection invitf d Furnitme, &0.. warehoused.

*?ottls, Rporos, toartittta !tab.

BALMY BOURNICMOUTH.—HOTKL DALKIIITII, most up-to-date. DAINTY CUISINE. From 30a. No extras- Nr.pier.

DULL BY HOTEL, AHLWOH.—The owitzerland of JO England; facing the Irish Sea ; golf, shooting, fish- ing, boating; sea baths attached.—G.J. MuniL.

LONDON. iATILD's TEMPERANCE HOTEL V V LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON SQUARE. HONE COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL NOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

1?or5to, ago, Elbe *tork Scr.

VOR SALB, good HOMING PIGSONS cheap; flown Guernsey, Bournemouth, Swindon. An., Pedigree.— Apply REGENT HOTEL, Greenough St., Wigln.

VIVIC BONDING PHIMS, SLX PUL LISTS and COCKBRBLS each, Indian Game, Partridge Wyandotte., Buff Orpington., Minorca., Faverolles, 355. per pen. Inspec- tion —Rom BANa, Goostrey, Cheshire.

MATHIMONIAL POST and Fashionable Marriage Adver- tiser. sealed envelope 5d., with circular 9d. Estab- lished one-third century,—BDtTOß. Room 0.8., 14, Trafalgar Buildings, London, W.U. Distance immaterial.

Vi ATEIMONIAL TIMES," the best and quickest intro, LU ductory medium for all desiring a matrimonial alliance; price 6d., in sealed enreiope.--lkddress BDIToR Hobert itadfoal, 5, Featherstone Buildings, Holborn, W.

BIG - PARCELS FOR LIT FLE MONEY. HENRY MILES AND COMPANY'S lIALF YEARLY SALE ON MONDAY NEXT AND FOLLOWING DAYS. -- RUTHLESS ALL-ROUND REDUCTION-4. EXTRAORDINARY PURCHASES OF MANUFACTURERS' CLEARING LOTS AT HEAVY DISCOUNTS. ••••••1•••••... NOTABLE BARGAINS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. SEE WINDOWS. I MPORTANT. WE ARE DETERMINED TO MAKE THIS THE MOST SUCCESSFUL HALF-YEARLY SALE EVER HELD AT THE SIGN OF' THE GLOVE," AND NO EFFORT, COST, OR CONSIDERATION WILL BE SPARED ON OUR PART TO ATTAIN THIS OBJECT. STOOKS MUST BE MOVED. THEREFORE MANY PENS HAVE BEEN BUSY SLASHING MY'S PRICES IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. WE CORDIALLY INVITE YOUR ATTENDANCE AT THIS GREAT BARGAIN SALE. ----- CATALOGITHS ON APPLICATION. HENRY MILES AND COMPANY, CHURCH ST., & WILLIAMSON ST., LIVERPOOL.

GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPENSIVE. UP-TO-DATE. GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPENSIVE. UP-TO-DATE. AGENTS FOR THE GUNN SECTIONAL BOOKCASE. GARNETTS' FURNITURE INEXPENSIVE. UP-TO-DATE.

Zhe Oraininer *tries OF WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS CO'IPRISES riIHE WARRINGTON & MID-CHE3HIIIIO 13.1(11.,41,TER • published every Saturday morning. The rwincipa and the Oldest Weekly Riper for Warrington, Stockton Heath. Penketh, Winwick. Padgate, Lymm, &c., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca• shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper corn • prise. a large trading and agricultural tract in boutb Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. THE RUNCORN EX 4.I•IINER, published every Saturday mor lug. It is tbe best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. mput WIDNES EXAMINER. published every Saturday • morning. Widnes contains the largest rinmber of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. %ME EVILESTOWN AND NEWTON EX AMINER, JL published every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Haydock, Lowton &c. The district thus I comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire coal- fields THE ST. HELENS EXAks [Thu:, pnbllehed every Ssturday morning ,oirculating in St. Helens, Prescot Parr. Sutton. Peasley 0••oss, &c.—the centre of the Glass Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID A DVERTISEVFNTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLA7HOUS WANTS. ARTICL'33 FOUND. M IS CELLANEOUS SALE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION. One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2e. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 27 ... Os. 91. ... Is. led. ... 3s. Ott, ... ss. ed. 36 ... Is. Cd. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Ott. Cs. Cd. 45 ... le. 3d. 3s. Id. ... ss. 01. ... 7s. ed. 54 ... Is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s, Od. ... 10s. Ott.

WARRINGTON MATAGLIC YOUNG MEN'i :MEER THIRD ANNUAL DANCE will be held OT TUTISTM! tqwxr 3.4.11:17/LRY 15th. 1937. in the Petkßß

W. :T. WILLIAMS' SALE IS NOW BRING MU). GRAND OPPORTUNTTY FOR SROURING MUMMY, MATS; COSTUVIII3, BLOUSR9, SKIRTS. /W.. AT 11XCET1'IONTLLT Low PRICES. WHITE TIOTJSE, StiNKEY ST., WARRINGTON

-TFIE TOErIIRES OF EDW&ED JONES ARE ENDED BY LIGNA. Belward Jones, of 3, Ring-street, Oldham, writes "For a long time I was a terrible sufferer from Indigestion eta. I became quite afraid to eat any food, knowing too well what I shoald afterwards suffer. The STAMMER PAINS were cruel, and sometimes almost unbearable. I trio numerous advertised remedies without obtaining relief. A friend advised me to try LIG-NA, and I was astounded at the immediate relief it gave me. lam quite cured now, and strongly advise every sufferer to give it a fair trial." —Could you have better proof than the above letter of heart-felt thanks what instant relief LIG-NA gives. We have had many orders from Mr. Jones since for battles of LIG -NA, a,l of which be has given to friends, and he writes to say be Is glad to be able ty tell us that in every case LIG-NA hal COMPLETELY CURED. Make your own FREE TEST o' this Nature's Remedy. Simply send -a Post Card to 24 Boum./ ST.. and a LIBERAL TRIAL bottle will be sent -to you per return of post. Llfl.-NA can always be had from any brancbes of BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, Paws is.

•• .....,0:',.:::3,............ . ,I _at, ..t--....'..277-.....;;.-.,';.•;-.•.-:-........... °cwh ....: - .:•.:1.1.1.1.........,..-.1 (Lpi: t: ......;:;,..,..„ - 10,,,,..;....."..• . r., -..,:. ... .....t.i.,........-:-..-.:.:::',, , gi, •.,.•.:-.''.i: :...-... ' ..-..........,''':.-. Ic, 1 ~:5...........1:::::::.. ...-.. ,(3., ...„..../ ..,:„ ':-.::-.T....,. T:::....-. .. 1 The MASTER BUCHANAN. e'vc' vithout it.. I - m lit-

„A.- Food is quite distinct from any ,other. It possesses the remarkable property of rendering milk, with which it is mixed when . used, quite easy of digestion by infants, invalids and convalescents. Denger's Food is said in V ins by Chemists, etc., everywhere.

Made in 15 minutes with Brown & Poison's "Paisley Flour,- per recipe in Paisley Flour packets. The best results are easily obtained by the use of Brown (6. aa1 son s raising powder "Paisley Flour (`Crade aCark )• I

British Women's Temperance Association. A meeting of the above Society was held on Tuesday afternoon in the Church Parlour, Bold-street. ;Mts. Owen, of Penketh, presided. Arrangements • were made for a visit from Mrs. Frank-Coop, of Southport, to give at the next meeting a report of her visit to tke Boston Convention. Mrs. Holmes, of Sankey, who is. President of the Association sent £2 to be used in Temperance work along with the message "Do not lose your zeal, go on with the good work, for everything is with you." The Secretary, Mrs. Simpson, passed to the members a book which ghe had received from Mr. Charles E. 'Parker, of Penketh. In commenting upon the Work, the Secre- tary said, "It is written by Mr. Parker and is a memoir of his mother. It is a record of a well-spent life and Might to be read by every "British Woman " for -on the 21st of April, 1876, Mrs. Margaret E. Parker was the means of forming the British Women's Temperance Association in the United Kingdom and was elected first Presicienrof the Society. She worked strenuously for the Temperance cause and for the emancipation of women from the trammels of custom "

• 7 , • - • " An excellent Pod, admits-ably Adapted CO the wanta of infants and young persons:' • —SIR CU:ARLES A. CAMERON, C. 13•. M.D. Professor of Chemistry, R.C.5.1.. Aledical Officer of Health for Dublin, ;•••••• PURVEYORS BY SPEC!AI. APPOINTMENT TO H.I.M. THE EHPRESS OF RUSSIA. , . • . ;4,4* • • .Mirat„Vgr A:4 ":* • . .

Dr. BAKFIR'S BUKILTAZ PELLETS , Are a new remedy, which have a marvellous effect in curing Backaehe, Lumbago, Gout, Rheu- matism, Sciatica, and all diseases of the Kidneys, &c. If you suffer, take one pellet three times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses you will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain of Backache &c. A Sufferer says :—." I obtained quick relief from a terrible backache after taking a few aoses of Dr. Baker's Backache Pellets. Write at once enclosing 1.2 st:iMps for one box or 33 stamps for 3 boxes to Price DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE Co, 63, NELSON SQUARE, SOUTHWARK, LONDON, S.E.

~ , . ~ . • yop. 4r .• • .7 MILK . . Wigh „s-r • „sta.: : rci Ptiriff?

TO Fo, Wor!:manship, Fashion, Fit, and Finality, there is nothing In CATCH 1.. Great Britain to equal the goods now being offered. YOUR iN 14 EYE. I N, , mace, Felts, Cashmere, Pate:rat. 11 ._ , LADIES' s.-. 'ill ‘3..-. 116 86 118. Bridge Street, Warringtotl. R% 0 SLIPPE vl. N-4.,, , Victoria Road, Widnes. ..,.. . Bridge Street and Market Place, Earlestown. 2/ 41 1 1 i ! , 6, High Street, Runcorn. . e., 45, Widnes Road, Shams Cross, Widnes. a. ' 3 -v` , , 4,, . ", ,4.1 4 ••.- - .., -. !Ai :!.,, • I,' ''''' ' - . ".• - - - - , , ,;,,,,,, ',4--,-, ,-, -.•,., .-..„.. ~ , ..:,...." ...",,

FOOTBALL. NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE. , RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S MATCEIES. G. T. P. G. T..P Leeds 2 3 13 Oldham 1 1 5 Hunslet 1 2 8 Wakefield T. ... 0 1 3 Hull Warrington Huddersfield Brad ford Halifax Keighley Rochdale Hornets 0 2 6 Batley Salford 3 7 27 Swinton 0 0 0 Barrow 413 47 Liverpool City 0 1 3 Warrington v. St. Helens. The Warrington men were at home again on Saturday, St.Helens furnishing the opposition. Unfortunately the ground tai not recovered from the effects of snow and rain and proved very sticky in the centre. Both sides were well represented and a well-contested game was the result, St. Helens making a better show than the score would suggest. Teams : Warrington---Berry, back; Brooks, Dickinson, Isher- wood and Tilley, three-quarter backs; Lees and Jenkins, half backs; Preston, Boardman, Thomas, Heath, Shugars and Harmer, forwards. . St. Helens—Atkinson, back re. Creevey, J. Creevy, Hilton, and Barton, three-quarter backs; Toole and M, Creevy, half backs; Briers,M.ooney, Whiteley, Wharton, Smith, and Pope. forwards. Referee, Mr. F. Asquith, Wakefield ; touch judges Messrs. C. Platt (Swinton) and E. Williams (Widnes). The game opened directly in favour of Warrington, and smart play between Isherwood and Tilley ended in a score to the latter. Warrington again pressed, and though Atkinson staved off the pressure for a time the locals would not be denied. Dickenson made a great single-handed effort which led up to Isherwood scoring. Unfortunately Dickenson was hurt, and took no further part in the match. St. Helens pressed, and a long dribble by Whiteley gave Pope an opportunity to score in a good position, Toole's shot at goal hitting the posts. Half-time : Warrington, 6 points ; St. Helens, 3 points. On resuming with Thomas on the left wing, and , Dickenson still absent, Warrington set to work with determination. The position admitted of no slackness, and the forwards holding their own the superi- ority of the men behind soon told a tale. Lees and Jenkins repeatedly opened out the game and a brilliant effort by Isherwood gave Warrington a further lead. The veteran home eentre was to the fore a minute later, for a tricky run down the left provided. Thomas with an opening to- score at the corner. St. Helens rallied, but Berry easily drove them back. Renewing the attack Lees crossed in rather clever fashion, whilst neit the close misfielding let in Harmer, who scored near the posts for Preston to land a goal. Result :—Warrington 1. goal, 6 tries (20 points), St. Heleas 1 try (3 points). RUNCORN v. HALIFAX. This postponed League match attracted about 2,000 spectators at Runcorn on Tuesday, considerable interest being manifested owing to the fine performance of both teams this season. Unfortunatly for Runcorn Jolley was absent, whilst Brearley replaced Bulmer in the Halifax pack. The ground was in splendid condition. Teams : Runcorn—Harrison back; Deakin, Butterworth, Moran, and FlanaganAhree-quarter backs; Walton and Richardson, half backs; Walker, Padbury, Williams, Dixon, Leylands, and Dobson, forwards. Hal ifa x—Li ttl e,back; William s,Wedgewood,Williams, and Eccles, three-quarter backs ; Riley and Hilton, half , backs; Bartle Littlewood, Brearley, Morley, Robinson, ' and Swinbank, forwards. Referee, Mr. W. Robinson, Manningham. Touch inudges Messrs. E. Bennett (Liverpool) and J. H. Houghton (St. Helens). In the opening stages Little was robbed of possession by Deakin, who scored, Richardson failing at goal. Hilton broke away with a smart run,gaining considerable ground. In quick- succession Wedgewood placed two goals, giving Halifax the lead. Walton got away, but , held the ball too long. Wedgeweod added a further I goal before the interval. Half-time score :—Halifax 31 goals (6 points), Runcorn 1 try (3 points). On resuming Moran missed a fine chance of scoring through failing to catch the bill. Harrison when returning the ball had his kick charged by Morley, who got possession and scored for Wedgewood to add another goal. Deakin got hold in the Halifax half, and raced over at the corner,Richardson failing to augment. Near the close Eccles ran through the home backs and scored a capital try, Wedgewood improving. The open style of play made the game decidedly interesting, and Halifax fully deserved their success, through seizing every opportunity, also by their superior kicking, Wedge wood placing five goals. Final score :—Hal i fax 5 goals and 2 tries (16 points), Runcorn 2 tries 6 points). LANCASNIRE COMBINATION. Sr. HELENS "A " v. WArenr,....rox " A."—This return was play ea at St. Helens on Saturday. Warrington opened well and Jones scored a fine try in the first few minutes, as the result of excellent passing. The visitors still maintained the aggressive, and Hewitt scored an unimproved try, whilst near the interval St. Helens got over. Turning round Warrington again had the better of the game and scored two unconverted tries, whilst St. Helens added three points. lainal : Warrington, 15 points ; St. Helens, 6 points. G. T. P. G. T. P. Runcorn A Wigan .. RUGBY UNION. _— STOCKTON HEATH -V, TRAFFORD ROVERS.—Played at Stockton Heath on Saturday, before a capital attend- ance. The home side had the advantage; of- the breeze during the first half, and Steele's initial kick was followed by a prolonged attack. From some smart work Kirkham scored an unconverted try. The Rovers rallied only to find the Stockton Heath defence sound and renewing the attack again Langley scored. Steele missing the goal. Interval : Stockton Heath, two tries (six points) ; Trafford Rovers, nil. In the second half the leaders pressed their aggressive tactics,and had matters much as they pleased. Langley scored three tries, and Jones and Smith once each, Steele landing one goal. Final: Stockton Heath, 26 points ; TralTord Rovers, five points. Stockton Heath " A," 29 points ;Sale " B," nil. ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL. WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION. P. W. L. D. For Agt. Pts Warrington Albions Latchford Christ Church Orford Barracks Th el wall 0 4 2 3 13 12 11 Palatine lO 5 4 1 15 11 111 Oughtrington Park 5 5 0 0 17 5 10" Castner Kellner Halton Villa l2 3 6 3 13 18 9 St. Barnabas lO 4 4 14 16 8 Rylands A.F.O l4 310 1 11 24 7 Colborne SECOND DIVISION. Halton A.F.C. Latchford Crescent l6 9 4' 3 33 19 21 Widnes St. Paul's St. Barnabas Reserve l2 7 2 3 18 10 17 Penketh Athletic l2 6 2 4 32 - 18 16 Oughtrington Park Reserve 11 5 1 5 31 9 15 Warrington St. Paul's Castner Kellner Reserve 11 6 3 2 21 15 14 Christ Church Reserve Warrington St. Elphin's Orford A. te.C. Albion Res. Sankey St. Mary's Daresten y l2 110 1 11 39 3 Rylands Reserve Matches for January 12th. St. Barnabas v. Orford Barracks, referee, R. Winstanley. Colborne V. Palatine, referee, F. Clegg. Halton v. St. Barnabas Res. referee, L. Jones. Widnes St. Paul's v. St. Elphin's, referee, T. Pitt. Watrington St. Paul's v. Oughtrington Park Res., referee, W. Nicholson. Christ Church Res., v. Latchford Cres., referee, J. A. Pend ry. Ryland's Res. v. Sankey St. Mary's, referee, S. J. Cox.

• . • -Toddar --- piare -4141 er For neaniria Silver:Veer° Islate.ge 301 d everywhere 11,- 2/6 & 4/a.

THOUSANDS ARE Being Bradford's 'VOWEL' Weshlng -Xatida• WASHING AT HOME, saying time, labour, and wear and tear of clothes. Illustrated Catalogue on application. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140 to 142. 1 lialillolborn, London; Victoria Avenue, L Mancliceter ; 130, Bold Street, Liverpool; •Crescent Iron Works. Salford.

THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER is warranted to Cleanse the Blood from all impurities from whatever cause arising. In cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, ABSCESSES, BLOOD POISON, BOILS, PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its effotts are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials of wonderful cures from all parts of the world. Remember that this wonderful Medicine WILL PERMANENTLY CURE ALL MN B! COD DMEASE Of all Chemists and Stores, 2,19 per rioitic. BEWARE OF IMITATIONS.

Invaluable Beverage For Cold Weather. MAZAWATTEE eoeoA Unrivalled for Strength, Purity and Richness. Write "Afazawattee," London, for Particulars of Prize Scheme.

The Kidneys • Cause More Suffering . Than All the Other Organs Combined. People who feel ill and don't know what is really the matter, who have been thinking one day it is the liver, another the stomach, another the nerves, and another the blood, are invariably right in concluding that it is the kidneys that are the cause of the mischief. That is why so many apparently obscure ailments have been cured by Warner's ' Safe ' Cure, the great Kidney Specific. Men and women who were . total wrecks, abandoned by doctors, and simply waiting for death to relieve them, have been saved at the lastbmoment by Warner's ' Safe ' Cure. Mr. A. Wildgoose, 43 George Street, Hyde, writes :—"I am working again after being off work for five years, suffering from Bright's Disease. The doctor told me I should never be cured. I have not lost one day's work since I was cured by your wbnderful medicine." y t t lE . t*lli f :',. • • 4 t.' : S- I - 3 Vi Al , ‘, ' 'a e ~- 7., ; r qto i 6 Of Chemists, 2/9 and 4/6, or post free from H. H. Warner 8: Co., Ltd., 86 Clerkenwell Road, London, E.C. If you are in doubt about your case write to us.

Daresbury v. Castner Kellner Res., refsree, F. Foulkes. Results for January sth. Rylands 0, Albions S. • Golboine 1, Halton Villa 2. Thelwall 3, St. Barnabas 1. Palatine 3, Orford Barracks 0. St. Elphin's 0, Halton 3. Daresbury 2, Christ Church Res, 4. Penketh 6, Castner Res. 2. Warrington St. Paul's 0, Latchford Cres., 1. St. Barnabas Res. 2, Orford 2. Sankey St. Mary's 1, Widnes St. Paul's 2. 411> Death of Mrs. Carter, Bridge street. We record with regret the death which took place at her residence, of Mrs. Elizabeth Carter, one of the oldest shopkeepers in the town. Mrs. Carter, who was in her 73rd year, had carried on the business of a jeweller in Bridge-street for a large number of years. She was only ill for a short time, and finally succumbed to acute bronchitis. She leaves a sister, a son, and two grandchildren to mourn her loss. The funeral took place at Hill Cliffe grave-yard on Monday after- noon. The chief mourners were Mr. Thomas Armstrong Carter (son), the Rev. J. Tesseyman and Mr. Woods (brothers-in-law), Mr. William Isaac (nephew), and Mr. Kenworthy. The service was conducted by the Rev. John Tesseyman, of Porters Heath, near Bristol, deceased's brotEer-in-law. A large number of wreaths and floral tributes were receiv ed. The arrangements were carried out by Messrs. J. Mounfield and Sons.

BEST FAMILY MEDICINE WORSDELL'S Kaye's Pills. In Use 100 years. Are a certain cure for Indigestion, Biliousness, Headache, Dyspepsia, Constipation Liver and Kidney Complaints, ..tc. Invaluable for Ladles Of all Chemists, 1/112/9, and 4/6 per box, or on receipt of amount 53, St. George's, Norwich. TOOTH-ACHE CURED INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S Prey eltesel;:leecsas yinSg.thvtes spEr etranct et , NEURALGIA, d. HEADACHE, NER VINE and all NERVE PAINS removed by BUNTER'S NERVINE. All Stores, Is. lid. Or receipt of amount 13, ST. GEORGES STREET, NORWICH. specific for Toothache it has no equal. I have used It successfully for years."—Pitov, W, WiLsoir, M.D.

BIGSALARIES are waiting for you. We lltrain you by post, direct to your home, to become en hiectrtrical or Mechanical Engineer, or for Electric Light and Power, Tramway and Motor Car Weric. Book Free. Send for copy now to Elect. Engineer Institute, 413. Norwich House, Southimp- ton Street,' Hrobnrn r (melon.

T)ITY THE ORPHANS. r Thousands of Parente Wiled ist OW blood tu Armenia and Macedonia. What's to be done with the Claildren PLEASE HELP. Howevsn Sawa,. LORD EINNAIRD, Treasurer E.L.M.A.S., A.Diat STREET, STRJOIrD, LONDON, W.O. IX CO XZE., C 111747 AL'Sr Celebrated Anti-Spasmodic Tonio GIVES INSTANT RELIEF For Spasms, Colic, Diarrhcea, Flatulency, Indigestion, Weak Action of the Heart, Pains in the Chess, Side, Back, &c. Most comforting and strengthening. NEVER SNOWN TO FAIL. WONDERFUL RESULTS. Sold in bottles, 1/- and 2/6; Rost free 1/1i and 2/8. from the PROPRIETOR. Eromham,Wilts. LONDON DEPOT: 1 Graham Avenue, West Haling, W. T "FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE," 441

(pars BLOODNTURE

MERRYWEATH ER or.l WATER SUPPLY AND FIRE PROTECTION of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements. WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS: NERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, EC.

4.11 L it' 1 ~ „: if ), , :••• • „, ' t.;...7e -;,.,11 It _ 14 .w '•,, ~-,,, w 44 i•., -.4....,.i. s,, .-, ...- - 1 : te• ~ 111 1.111 k• -,- 4.4., ~.. , . . ---------, (IN.:. 0.• owors.. , • 41P1414-.:1,179 ttaA T 9. t kg:Zs t -it .:i: ~,.. r•-,, t '• 1 ,e;rpi,, : 1tt.,,, :: ji.. ''' .. - .-.* _ ":-Iti... . ' ,i'• , - —• ,r ...i t,l i ..1-; 1 .;2'..1:, '--zz.• , , ,i‘i t .. For a half century - its use and fame have -. 4- been extending. Now millions " us:2 it. For it shines brightest, and _it shines longest. It is easily put.on, and it cannot rub off. The clothing is '. not soiled, while the shoes are softened and preserved by its use. Evecially is it appreciated for ladies' . aucl children's shoes, which it keeps in per- ftict condition. 1. ... Made only by C. L. Hauthaway & Sons, Inc. =, BOSTON, MASS., U. S. A. _ ''''A•' Agentc for United Kingdom __ ' - JOHN S. DEED & BONS, Ltd. a i •..! - London, England. --. . • _ _ EYES TESTED FREE. Br THE MOST APPROVED METHOD. ___,,,----.....-..z-r.n",.........z. _,---- ---',N. , ....._ _ F. H. ARCHER, F.s.m.c., 8.0. A. . MOST MoDERATE PRICES HOR SPECPACLES. AND BYEGLAIMIES, PERFECT FIT. AReIiER & SONS, Specialists, 73, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL. TELEPHONE 6615. ESTAIILISHED 1848.

Hayman's Balsam Cures COLD & COUGH Unsolicited Testimonial.—" For several "years we have been using your wonderful Balsam, and we recommend it to our friends as a most Ethcacious Remedy."— Miss HUNTER, Balham, May 20, 1905. AU Chemists and Storm Cash Prices egd., 1/-. ay. ASK FOR HAYMAN'S TAKE NO SUBSTITUTE. ---- _...... . I— -..-z. • T.-..-. -.- 1.-v.l.tr--.- - .:,•:. -,,, - ''.'' '7.-: --,.• 1-:-...,..,, :-:--- _1 7.-...7,- • -,,, -'' -4; -. . • ' ~; JOHN HAW' i . ( 1 ' AS SUPPLIED TO THE JDPIti HAIG . 4gclat • ' HOUSE OF LORDS. I , ... _ •.,......., IV .0. _ . 44 . JOHN HAIC & Co. Ltd. ...,......s :. E. Distillers, PurKincti "7 '_:. . MARKINCH, - ----:-.' -.sit: .'• i::-.... , ; . . • ..1........-.• ...7...-.-::• , •

. - -:..- FOR bUGHS&COLDS,- ~.... .... : ,.., Aik USE - ..... , -t-- ' ... , - 6 0 . 40c," LIN EED '',<\) _ "--. \ 'Wii TmRAARDK: CO 4,.... tipouND,.;,-:?1. .:s. o p ig a: mr a sum 6lc a z ird aalzur. a: x s r. 4. , ' ' ..n. KAY S COMPOUND ESSEN • ... <I 71 OP LINSEED ANISEED ETS . - . ; \ '''`ket,,,jA4rits-PROIN. 1 • ''' ' .- • -N- : ( ~. d.,r - -4 a , " NSEED COMPOUND" lli reis mike dy e n 8 Ehnagr i I d s hp h lherne, permitting it to be expectorated without strains soothing the membranes and allaying the irritation so commonly ex- - performed. There is nothing to equal it. Of ' all Chemists at home and abroad. Befuse She 1 loony substitutes offered. Price. 90.3/111,2/2.

PILES A Horne-made Preparation that never fails to ewe the most obstinate eases. Tin ros tree from—Pito Co., 71, Market it., Mar ehester.

TO THOSE WHO SUFFER PAIN AFTER EATING The digestive stimulant and remedy for flatulence. -- CURE INDIC EST 40 CURE YOU. '..'s ' ' '. '. - -: --: '' - YOU. In tins, price 1/Ii; or post free, 173. To he obtained only of THE INDIGESTO COMPANY, 37 Battersea Rise, London, S.W. 91(inriirrrH"IA B3l.*E"Srg r" ' 5 oot -f Dales ten. and pieserr... the leather Pleasant oclatir allow polish- ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL lIIIIIBITION HIGHESI AWARDS. Du in fin.L2d..sOdzilie;sier7r,t;nZenTeroti fr.c. Mannfaciory Ease Dulwich, London.

THE 41ORLDS FAVOR/7-- COFFEE SAVES TIME..TROUBLE.MONEY. MADE IN A riiNurE. ••• - ...:.s:i..-,•'-'*4- FRAGRANT :-:. .. • ,=..•-• ~.,47,,v :::::::::::,.:,...:::: i,,54.,.,,i-bo .:;•:A• -: '',',.t...,,.-...;:•:::..,:•::, °--,- ...,.::::::•::.:":,-, ‘.,::„...... . . ~.,......,..ii:.,... ...:.....:.:).:...,::....:.:::,.....;:.........,.........-........• ~ , • ~....,..,:zy::.. - ..:.f.,....y::...::::::.:.---..-- SYMII46.I9ISit

_,, .. ... . ... ......-....,..,, ---r,7--pq..hoioic:--'•-• - • , glintifiliiiiiiiiitilithillitt A fil I i ' tErnfi IM---11 njrinntreli ll Mllll. !,i-r--r.s..s - ..--7 tAiTrs's ' i.. •-•_F I.J_R IN .1"..S /4 A T I: • i $: t, 0 0 ~00 • • : Ili 1,1 ' j --a--.7 -, ')IIAi '2,11 I.lAbitli 141411,11 AltrY! ' iii, ...vikaii--04.arr......7.......x.4........, ;,-.4..L.W 511`.jor ,_17.1.." ,i7.-..'' .. . rii.;-,-,,,-,„ _.• •,•••• ;I'm c-iim--:.tir•,...• ~ I,l_l__ ------ -.....-, - ro SELLS YU , - GRATIS an LONDON ROAD STATNIO i -t-- 200 YARDS -•••1. POST FREE. LARGEST FURNISHING PREMISES AND STOCK IN THIS CITY. You are Invited to Inspect Thirty Thousand Pounds Worth.

HOOPINGis COM a.. CROUP The Celebrated Effectual Cure without Internal Medic me ROCHE'S Herbal Embrocation Will also be found very efficacious in cases of BRONCHITIS, LUMBAGO and RHEUMATISM Price 'ls. per Bottle. of all Chemists. W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria St.,London, Eng..

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS. i . Registered No. 40,376. NO MORE . .._ 11, . O -• SOFT- LINEN WHEN 111, - V STARCHED. . t j ______ .... - .i Used in the Royal LauLdrlce. . , Should be used in every house. Once tried, always wanted. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW. The greatest boon ever offered to the 'Laundress for imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Laces, do. It does not stick to spider-web-like materials. Sold everywjatre in Packets at Id., 3d., and 6d, each. PREPARED ONLY BY T. CRITeALBY. ehernist. BLACKBURN. 7, Whitecross Street, London, B.C.

‘-1 - • --.4; TINS QZINC- - :

J. H. DOVENER & CO.'S, Ltd Union St. . Liverpool , ' ..I'. • : :,,r4. .•,,11,--. *. " • 0NCE.......,:.,': Ni..:- 11 .s ' . •n' ' : -', ..c4 ",... USED r : - , • , ,ot. 1. .Nlrl :.:lif . 4.. , . .e. -.... .? ..,:i ' • "'oi, '..,',?* ~A. ~ •,,...' , 4, Best and Cheapest for POPTOES CORN, Ito. 4... :.x;.*:•.-1:: stlnati=ifititEr4M3s.34liEWAlleSPEPC

IS YOUR HAIR TIRED? Does it come out in c,mbs-foll ? If so• give it new life by using the marvellous Hair Grower invented by the Author of Boorts' tNbv,' JOIN STPANGE WINIER'..4 HAIR FOOD. At all Chemiets, 2s. 6d,1; or post free, 2s 9d. direct from inventor, with Booklet and Instructions, on clawing this paper. Address letter!' or postcard to 'JOHN SI lII,NOR VOIXTFR West Kensingtem Mansions, London, W.
