===== 0002601_19070629_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
THROUGH CORRIDOR CARRIA.GHS

BRTIVRB'q WARRINGTON AND HARWICH RVBRY Alt.

BELGIUM. VIA HARWICH AND ANTWERP.

BVHRY WHIM DAY.

Read "HOLIDAYS IN BHLGIUM." Send nost-card to W. Pows4LL, G.H.H., 82, Portland-street, 1 Manchester, for descriptive illustrated pamphlet (free).

===== 0002601_19070629_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
eiTy OF DUrsiii NI STEAM PACKET On WWII:4Y. T -.SH INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION,

DUBLIN, MAY TO OCTOBER.

LivßitPont, AND DUBLIN (W.Ex DAY 9). STRAMERS 111 kr`H MORNI Nil AND lIVIINING. Ititu Ohe _al)Tickets (U-ruble Journey. Saloon 139. 6d.; Deck 5..) eq every Week-day for Dly Steamers. I) Tickets (lhuble Journey, Salo in 15s. ; neck Es. 6d., Friday and Saturdays for Day or Night Steamers. eaD Bookings also to Killarney. 0 ,onemara, eto., et. 04`t:ekets, hours oc sa,ling. etc • may be hal at the Com- Thol'e 018,3 e. 13, Water St.. Liverpool, or any of Messrs. and Sons. Offices. 1 • IvERPOOL & NoRTII WALES REGULAR ,ber4o3l,4ltair RAILINGS From Prince's Steep (weather &a., 4i.11 —"NO. Hvery Day. at 10.45 a.m. by La MA.i.GURRITH rikl!3,l, 85'. Tii-DNO) for LLANDUDNO. BRAUMARIS, hX,• Tr.n. it and MIINAI BRIDGR, du. back 7.30 p.m. sAILIhO4. WI4IIK-lIND TRIP, FILTURDaYs, • BLVII4S," at 2.15 p m . returning early following 6-417• ,e3'. dne Liverpool at 10.15 a.m. rerurning at 53 p.m. !het BY TRIP', 9.15 a.m. SUNDAY, 30th. MONDAY Ist ord labrisnAr 4th July. HOLYHBAD TRIP WEDNESDAY Itle 4,1 Y at 9 Ic• a.m. calling at Llandudn) (6 hours ashore) ttetinueqk 8 pm. Through Bookings from Principal -„ner; For Fares Ac.. apply Liverpool and North 'Aver-Ts' otearnshlp Co T. G. Brew, Rec., 40. Chapel-street, 6366. Official Guide. post free 3d. \--P--,ADII BY ALLAN LINF.IIrHE ACME OF otharqtr Is ATT ,INBD IN TEN FAST TURBINH STBAMBRS. "101rrrraT AND cHEAPP yr ROUTE TO ALL PARTS OE CAN4Dt A WBSTBRN bTATBS. Unsurpassed Accommodation Bacellent Onisine. Details re Work and Wages. Apply ALLAN. 103, LEADENNALL STREET. ane 51. PALL MALL, LoNDON 19. JAMBS &TRIM, LIVBRPOOL, g or Local Agents.

liPalip.

CiApary.

001. "41PORT

===== 0002601_19070629_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

• -

===== 0002601_19070629_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
M 1. HOS. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, "EXAMINEE" OFFICE. 33 MARKET STREET. EARLBSTOWN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOE PRESENTS.

JOHN WALKER & CO., PRINTERS, BOOKBINDER Bewsey Street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.11111

===== 0002601_19070629_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
Two new departments: Cycle and Motor Carriage Building and Repairs, and Electro-plating and Stove-enamelling

Telephone 542.

ON THE PREMISES BY SKILLED WORKMEN.

UP-TO-DATE, SMART and INEXPENSIVE

===== 0002601_19070629_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
FURNISHERS.

See our Leading Lines.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- • . •

===== 0002601_19070629_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
flionep

ADDRNSS or VISITING CARDS Printed fi-rn ?late or type. JOHN WALKER & CO., Bewsey St., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
Poultry, Ogg, ett.

FOWL COHN. 7. 64 , 10s. 64., 12s. 64. 210155. ; Pie Food, Ta. 84. and Ponitry Meal, Bs. and 10s ner 2001bc— RocHE AHD On 16. anrlia Livs-nanl. Vuntinn miner.

r pURKRY RGGS (magnificent americ4n 04.4romoth Bronze) I I sqn now supply. 74.6 d. d 07,. ; nnfortiles reol4ced 84 fe clalivery guarantpe 14 SARIS- WALToN St. Oswald's rd., West, Rrompton. No cards.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
lartnersbin4. 4itqfnegOts.

PEhSONS PURCEI WINO RUSENRIASKS eqnlre accommodated with Caoital tt Mattßicit. Attn C )., 31, Cairo et.. Warrington•

D) you WANT TO 1414 LL v9nr Business ?--If so,e)neult Mr. COWDETA, RnsinP., Arr.nt, T pith at., Warrington.

PLIMIIID Little GROCIHRY BUM VIM in thriving 0 neighbourhood; rent Bs. 'l4. Or;e bth. h. Full c, water. &e. ; everything about £IS.—CowDELL, Business Agent, Legh st.

ri RANT) CT4.TIONTIRY FIETSINE.I•4, god If viii,; full 1.7 partfenlam—(lownP:LL. 13.1.inego Actent, tagh it.

DAIRY.--17 botrus daily, 2 prams, stood ehon trade. norninAl ex-onses, (Rive profit.. emsilv Increased, price £5().-73 Baum mcr r. wt peen. London.

rp PLUstliußS AND IIIirII)RA.TOHS,-01.1 pAblblisbad ro,lntry trnsinsss for disrnsal, ^Ptnrns sversgi £l,lOO splendid opportunity. --Ogn,msF, 35, l'onliine sql., Ipswich.

D RQUIRPO PAR PNUR.—Ritoe.lenced Canadian business man wishes to meet vonnz English party prepared to invest £3OO or more. General mernhant business, Is boom- ing western Canadian town. Rinerienoe unnene.sary ; energy, pnah e4sential.—D. kiclaTrag. 2, Great Ormond at , London. W.C.

ROCIRRY AND PROIPSIONS.—Fine, hmelsome. well- I T fitted corner shop. In v.ry growing neighbourhood. Long lee. low rental ; good living how., with every conveniene.. Returns C 99 oar week. Certain f mtune to a good man. Price £350 for I.ase end fict ;res. Stock at value; no agente.-- 8. T. A. '9 Raristhorpe rd.. Elvdenhart..

JOHN BKOWN, 34, '4 OUCti Jid T LTVRRPOOL. TRL. 179 Y CRNTRAL, HtS A VARTRTY OF BURINRSSRg ON' HAND TO SUIT ALL CLAMS OF BUYRIIq.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
Ototor Car% evele-cs, Qtarriageo, tic

(\VIM Mannfactnred TYRI43 to be cleared et half price, V. 7 wired on. size 23 x ii, hs. 9& no4t free; money returned if not apnroy.d of. --‘,tr.r. k o'.. (I ‘iwsv, Irelend.

CIYOLISTS. No more punctures if you use Antipunotare powrier." 24. per pAeket, or 39. 9d. far two. one palket sufficient for on. tyre; post fr.e on rreeipt of ronst4i order. —ANTIPONOTtIEtt DVPOT. 17 FlArp lane. Inndon, B.C. •

eIYCLR FRIAR. 5n,n03 ri,ler agents wanted. Reliance / Worl4 Beat rycloo. enmplete with all aroessories. Huy terms 21. weekly.—(W. H.), Reliance lingineering Co. Cycle Mannfacrurers. Livernonl, ‘ehnle•.le Oatalope free

,C A Ric—Chief Rneineer's ()vole, made In Liverpool by an -I- old-established firm everything StOqi and guaranteed for 2 years; complete with lamp, hell, pump, hag and tools; don't mis• this great bawds'. lgoammoTors, C role Stores, St. James' Place (three dolt.* from Hill st.. Liverpool).

Q-SPFIED COVRNTRY CYCLR. Sturrnev-Archer, magni- .9 fiaent ronchlne, 2 Crarthe brakes. Clincher tyres, belutl- fully lined. murlgunris, all accessories : no new ; not even soiled great ',Regain lowest £6 65. ; approval willingly.— C. 18,A.Lm, St. Madre, Pitman rd.. WestonAuper-Itare.

F 6 500 guaranteed machines, new and' 1: second-hand. from 255. each ; B.S.A. and 'Sadie' in stock : accessories at half pri,e : 100-page list free to all : wholesale prices : eye-opener. 53 p.c. cheaper than others : agents wanted.- WARRMOW awn Co.. Weaton-soper-latare.

T AD'S SAFbTF.—Bargaln, as new, not soiled. Free Ii wheel silver-plated rims beautiful!) line] in gold ; rim brake; high grade Coventry machine; best pneumatic tyres ; celluloid gesr case ; all accessories ; 24 lOs. lowest ; no use to owner; genuine ; aporOval willingly.—K. STUCKEY. "Oak Villa," Clarendon rd.. weston-snoer-Mare.

flYCLA.—Marvellous sacrifice; Gent's new 1937 machine, higbest grade. Clincher tyres, Crabbe roller lever front and back rim brakes ; very latest; Pe-ry's hail- bearing free-wheel; plated rims ; coloured centres ; black enamelled and lined frame; mod-Ruards ; magnificent machine; not soiled: complete, with Ras lamp., bell, pump, spanner, ; 24 10s, ; great bargain ; worth double. Send on approval any distancA before cash sent.—M. HOUSE. St. Madge. Pitman rd., Weston-super-Mara.

N [TIN H BARG&I N. —Gent's High-grade COV ON MY ‘.3 CYCLB practscally as new, not soiled. very latest machine. silver-plated rims, New Departure free-wheel and Coasting Hub, two brakes, mudguards, beautifully Mated, and lined medium size frame; plated lamp, pump, bell, bag, spanner. "omplete ; sacrifice £4 61. cash ; no wee to present owner; will send on approval BLAcx \owe, 8, Oxford st., weaton-qupe..-Mar..

===== 0002601_19070629_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
NO TROUBLH FOR

IRELAND

OR CYCLISTS WHO RIDS "WALTUN" CYOLBS.

WE ARE ACTUAL MAKER,, THEREFORE CAN SAVE YOU AGENTS' PROFITS.

What is the use of is guarantee from makers hundreds of miles away? Buy a" WALTON," made on the spot,

with a STAMPED GUARANTEE.

WORKS :-GREAT SANKEY

SHOWROOM :—SAIIKBY (TRAM TRR?dINI:I3.)

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE TEAMS THOUSANDS Olf LADIES HAVS DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FECMALu: PILLS. HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A 1300 N 'TO W.°MANKIND. .

They are the best known Remedy for Anaemia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite,Hysteria,Palpitation of the Heart Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9id. Is lid. Es 8d 4s. 6d. and its, DR. DAVIS'd FAMOUS PUB AND CONSTIPATION CURB. A positive SpAciflo for Piles and Constipation, find unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- plaint. Bottles 2/9, 4/6. 11/-, by p,st 3d. extra, 3d9 PoRTnBICLLO-RoAD, NoTrING HILL, LONDON, W. (only address).

HuitTurs'a OctiuiNAu B6NEulur PILL.* - FOR. FRSIA.LRS -

In a few days correct all irregularities and remove all obstructions; also oure Annuls, and cause no injury; to the married or single are invaluable. By post, under wer. for Is. /IL or 2s. 94, from G. D. HORTON (late Uhler Dispenser from Birmingham Lying-In Hospital), Dept. 65 Aston road, North, Birminghsun. Sold over 40 years.SUPPLIHD DIHBOT ONLY. SHLDLIId BVIIR FAIL. Alt Ladies should send for a fee sample of Improved Sanitary Tnyrel. and Interwptinv bonkl,st, mut fee".

===== 0002601_19070629_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
LARGE POSTERS

Plain or in two or more colours, are the most attractive that can be produced, and make a very bold and striking display on Hoardings and Walls. EXAMINER OFFICE WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19070629_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'; -

===== 0002601_19070629_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i at• 411 , r

===== 0002601_19070629_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
2 ALMIS McDOUGALL'S Pewit sELF-RAISING FLOUR THU UST.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
INFIRMARY BAZAAR.

CLOSING DAY'S PROCEEDINGS

Gratifying Result.

The financial result of the great bazaar and fete in aid of the Infirmary which came to a close on Saturday must be exceedingly gortifying to those who have worked so arduously for its success. Notwithstanding that the weather was far from being all that could be desired for Buell an event, the bazaar and its numerous attractions vere so well patronized that a sum of over £2,600 was raised. After paying expenses there will be about 2,000 guineas to hand over to the extension fund. The bazaar was re-opened in brilliant sunshine on Saturday afternoon by Mrs. Langford-Brooke, of Mere Hall. There was a large attendance, Mr. Henry Greenall presiding. The CHAIRMAN announced the previous days' pro- ceeds as follows :—Wednesday, £6BO 7s. 7d.; Thursday. £413 19s. 3d.; Friday, .9.465 4s. 2d. It was necessary to raise at least £6OO that day and he was perfectly certain that if they continued to work as they had done, they would succeed in their object. (Applause.) It was a pity that they had such a wet day on Thursday; but altogether they had been very fortunate in the weather. Last week people told him that the bazaar would be a fearful fisaco and suggested that they should pray for fine weather. He quoted the words of au eminent gentleman who said: "It is not the slightest use praying for fine weather unless the wind changes. You might as well pray for green gooseberries at Christmas.' (Laughter.) He was glad to say that the wind had changed. (Applause.) Another reason they had ha a fine weather was that they had had the smiling face of the Mayor there, and he always added charm to the proceedings. (Applause). Mr. Greenall proceeded to commend splendid work of the stallholders, and said nothing could have been more harmonious than the working of the various committees. Special thanks were due to the promoters of the enter- tainments, and the work of those who had managed the fair-ground attractions had been extraordinary succcessful. in a bazaar like that rich and poor did their best, and one of the most charming things in con- nection with the event was that a large number of mem- bers of Stockton Heath mothers' meeting volunteered, as they could not afford to give anything to the Infirmary—an institution in which they were keenly interested—to give their services at the card. (Applause.) Mr. Greenall concluded by asking Mrs. Langford-Brooke to declare the bazaar open. Mrs. LANGFORD-BROOKE thanked the promoters very sincerely for the honour they had done her in asking her to perform the ceremony. She was quite am e'they bad had the object of the bazaar ably put before them during the past few days, but 'she thought! there was only one word required to draw forth the generosity which was so sadly needed, and that was the word "infirmary." She felt certain that if any of the buyers or sellers who were present that day in the midst of that gay scene were able to give one glance into the future, and as a result to see one single smile on a poor, weary suffering face and feel that it was partly through their endeavours that that smile had been brought there, they would quickly renew their efforts. Mr.and Mrs. Greenall deserved the great gratitude of all concerned in the bazaar (applause) for placing the grounds at their dis- posal. She cordially thanked them again for the privilege they had done her in allowing her to declare the bazaar open. (Applause). Captain CROSFIELD in moving a hearty vote of thanks to Mrs. Langford-Brooke, assured her that she had come amongst a very happy family of workers who bad thrown themselves with energy and earnestness into the work of the bazaar and into the task of enticing sovereigns out of fat purses and shillings out of lean ones. (Laughter). They were doubly grateful to Mrs. Langford-Brooke for coming to stimuhrte the workers after their three days' arduous toil. There was an old German proverb to the effecc that, sorrow which was shared was thereby halved ; joy which was shared was thereby doubled. Mrs. Langford-Brooke's presence increased the joy of thu workers in that effort to pro- vide a home for the sick and wounded. (Appl6use.) Mr. F. W. MONKS seconded and the vote was heartily accorded. A pleasing little ceremony then took place, Mrs. Ralph Johnson introducing Miss Kate Davenport and Miss Lattice Warburton, who presented ths sum of £8 is. 6d. subscribed by the Secondary School pupils. They in their turn were recipients of handsome boxes as a recognition of tkeir efforts in collecting the highest amounts. The Rev. Father Witerms, said they ought not to close the proceedings without according horn their hearts a vote of thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Greenill for placing that beautiful park at their disposal. (Applause.) What the state of the park would be on Monday he did not know. (Laughter.) It would be a sad sight from Mr. and Mrs.Greensll's beautiful house,but he was sure it would gladden their hearts if the bazaar had brought an abundance of money for the extension of the Infirmary. (Applause.) The vote was carried with hearty cheers. Mr. GREENALL in a humorous reply said he was an absolute Conservative, but in these things he was under home rule. (Laughter.) He was practically not con- sulted in the matter at all. He was told his wife had arranged that the fête and bazaar should be held there, and he said : "What infernal rot ! It will spoil the whole place." (Laughter.) However, he was not taken the slightest notice of. (Lauehter). If by allow- ing the people to come there they had done anything to assist in the enlargement of the Infirmary, that was all the thanks they wanted. (Applause). During the afternoon, with the exception of a shower the weather was beautifully fine and there was a con- stant stream of visitors to the grounds. In the evening rain fell heavily, but nevertheless a good business was done, and the bazaar was a splendid success.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOTOR CAR.

One of the interesting features of tile bazaar, was the Art Union draw for the new and handsome motor car which.bronght in a good sum. The winner, who has been warmly congratulated on his success, is Captain Bertram Layton (Messrs. Joseph Crosfleld and Sons. Ltd.).

===== 0002601_19070629_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE TENNIS TOURNAMENT.

The following is the result of the tennis tolirnament held in connection with the fete :—Miss Rose and Miss Rowson tied for first ladies' prize ; Mr. Woods, first gentlemen's prize.

TEIE RECEIPTS. elle receipts were as follows :

£ s. d. Warrington Stall 2Ol 9 2 Stockton Heath (China Stall) lOO 19 10 Stockton Heath (Produce) Stall lO9 0 7 Latchford Stall Thelwall and Grappenhall Stall lB2 G. 3 Lyrom Stall Dareshury and Moore Stall 156 13 9 Refreshment Tent Stall

"Hill Cliffe" Stall 439 15 1 _ _

Outdoor Amusements

............ 193 2 9

Coon- and Variety Entertainments 98 5 3 Theatricals Palmistry Dancing 9 5 11 Cloak Room and Parcel oMce l5 1 5

Tonnis Tournament Transport _

3 5 0 11 15 0

Collected by Pupils of Secondary School Turnstiles

===== 0002601_19070629_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMF.N'S CHAT.

The Kaiser as an Artist.—'T.itere aro few things which the versatile German Emperor cannot do, but there has been some hesitation in taking him seriously as an artist and art critic. Any doubts on that point however will be removed by Professor Boese's book on the subject, which goes to show that the Kaiser has inherited all these arttstic tastes and talents of his mother. It reproduces is number of his Majesty's drawings, relating to all kinds of subjects, and these are sufficient to prove the Emperor's knowledge and skill, whether it is the planning and drawing of a new battleship, cathedral, or some allegorical picture. In painting and sculpture the late Empress Frederick was the most talented of Queen Victoria's children. Many of her works were exhibited at the Paris Salon and the Berlin Academy, and evidently the Kaiser is to .he congratulated on his inheritance of her artistic accomplishments. Railway Travelling in Scotland.—One does not 'often meet with an embarrassing amount of courtesy from Scottish railway officials, but one thing that always strikes the visitor to bcotland,is the cheap and excellent facilities it affords to railway travellers. The system of issuing circular tourist tickets is an immense convenience to holiday makers, whilst the long-distance day excursion trains are marvels of cheapness. Those who like plenty of railway travelling or their money, ought to be satisfied with a journey Out and home of 400 or 500 miles for 4s. or 55., and such trips are available from Glasgow and Edinburgh, and many of the principal cities. People who have travelled in all parts of the world, have been heard to say that they know nothing of anything quite so cheap and excellent its the train and boat excursions from Glasgow to the lochs, and the Firth of Clyde. Certainly there is nothing in the south of Britain to compare with this, although one would think the successful Scottish system of recognizing that the interests of the railways and the public are identical, was well worth imitating. A Custom of Etiquette.—An Austrian Count recently started a crusade to abolish the masculine custom of hat-raising, but, so far, the movement has not met with much success. On the Continent, a gentleman has not only to raise ls hat, on meeting a lady, but cannot put it on again unEl she gives him her permission. We are not so exacting, but in etiquette,it is a case of different countries, different matters. Over here the gentleman has to wait for the lady's recognition, before raising his hat, but in Germany the lady would be very much offended at any such hesitation. It is urged by the reformers that the military salute should ho substituted for the present custom. this tnieht be better under- stood on the continent but we are not a military people and it will be usually noticed that the man who spends his holiday at the seaside without any bat, generally recognises his lady friends with only the familiar little nod. _ _ _

The Voice.—Among other charms which women are supposed to have sacrificed since they took to riding the bicycle,and left the over-burdened home to earn their living, is the loss of the soft low voice and gentle manners of our mothers and grandmothers. Perhaps it is because of the more noisy times in which we live, although some are disposed to attribute the thunderous manner in which we speak to one another, to the modern vulgar habit of wishing to attract attention. This is a favourite point with public writers who profess to worship the old ideal of wonfanly charms, but then there are always critics who think that the manners and customs and everything else of the present day, are not nearly so good as they used to be. Formerly robust health and vigour were looked upon as vulgar in women, but this, like many other old ideas, is a little out of date nowadays. Still there is no doubt some need for us to be on our guard against falling into the rough voice and harsh laugh of which our critics com- plain. American womea suffer in this way, more than we do, and no German, and very few German women. were ever heard to talk in a voice soft and low. At the same time the cultured voice is a desideratum we should not allow athletic and sporting attraetions, or the business occupations to lead us wholly to neglect. An Old Wedding Rieg Belief, and Wife Selling.— Applications in the Police Courts show that many of the old hazy notions regarding marriage still prevail amongst people of the humbler classes. Recently a woman applied to a London magistrate to be relieved of her matrimonial burden on the score that her wedding ring was of brass, and experience at the Police Courts showes that such applications are by n& means a very exceptional circumstance. This belief that a marriage was not binding, if the wedding ring was not of pure gold, used to be a very conkmon Offie, but then in the old days, many extraordinary notions were entertained regarding marriage, and among them the supposed right of a man to sell his wife in the Market place, with a halter ronnd her neck. According to the ideas and customs of the time it was not considernd a legal sale unless the woman was delivered to her, purchaser with a halter round her neck. It may be that such occurrences were never regarded seriously, but the view taken of them among the ignorant classes were quite sufficient to justify the old French gibe on the subject. The July Sales.—The time has arrived for us to make out our list of requirements for the July Sales, which so shortly now will be in full swing. Owing to the exceptionally cold, late spring and early summer, the "bargains" promise to be phenomenal. and those girls and women who habitually wait for the sales before replenishing their summer wardrobe, will speedily dis- cover that the waiting has been more than worth while this year. Muslin and all other delicate washing dresses, will be greatly reduced, so also will cotton and linen gowns, and underskirts, while dainty millinery will be going for a mere song. The wise woman by next week will have gone carefully over her wardrobe, and -made notes of all purchases deemed desirable, leaving little or nothing to memory. She will also have firmly made up her, mind not to be tempted to buy things simply because they are cheap, or invest in any " bargain " that she cannot see her way to use. Airy. fairy slimmer fabrics will be considerably marked down, more so than usual, but the greatest reductions will undoubtedly be found in the ready-made departments. A Sensible Mode.—lligh dinner frocks have evidently " caueht on," that is for all save ceremonious occasions. Needless to say such gowns are fashioned of more delicate fabrics and in much smarter styles than when destined for afternoon wear, and a certain amount of transparency obtains of course obtains about the neck and arms. Still,these " creations "are very much more desirable for restaurant and theatre wear than the one time customary low cut gown. We borrowed the notion from our French sisters, and the American woman has followed our example. and is exploiting it for all she is worth. s Modish Gathers.—When the fabrics permit, skirts are being gathered at the waist, the amount of fulness needless to say, being regulated to suit the wearer. Slim individuals are wearing close gathers all round, the" more abundant "are restricting the gathers to the back and sides, while the really substantial are content- ing themselves with gathers at the back only, and a slight easing of the fabric over the hips. 'I he Getting-up of Washing Dresses.—Gum Arabic— in the proporation of about one teaspoonful to a quart of made starch—should always be used when getting up muslin, cotton voile, batiste, indeed all-light weight washing dresses intended for wear at the seaside. It will then he fornd that the sea mists which usually and very speedily reduce such toilets to limp rags, will have little or no effect upon them, and all one has to do should they become damp, is to spread them out care- fully, and place rolls of tissue paper in the sleeves and under frills and ruffles. When dry the muslins, voiles, etc., treated as described, will be stiff, and fresh look- ing, and should tbey become tumbled a warm iron will grant to them a new lease of life. MADGE.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
A HINT OF VALUE.

8 1 6 171 0 0

lit-I-trance Tickets 69 16 9

Total 2554 0 11 Amounts estimated still to come in 110 0 0

Those who get on in the world are those who never fail to take a valuable hint when it comes their way. Here is a hint, which may prove of great value to you. "For years I was suffering from had pains in my back, and Doan's pills cured me," says Mrs. M. Jones, 133, Marshhouse-lane, Warrington. " My back was so painful when I stooped that I had to put my hands to my hips for support. The doctor threated me, butt got no relief, and when a friend advised toe to try Doan's pills, I did so. The medicine quite cured me then, and I kept well until a few weeks ago, hut I took some more of Doan's pills, and they soon put me right. (Signed) Margaret Jones." Then, nearly tire years later, when one of our repre- sentatives saw Mrs. Jones, she said :—" I have not needed to use your pills since I told of the good they had done me, but I have just started them again, as I , have taken cold in my kidneys. ; "I had been suffering off and on for three years when I used the pills before. The trouble started with a cold, which I caught when I was very much run down ; I had backache first, and then headaches and giddiness; here seemed to be specks before my eyes, and I was short-winded and always felt tired. The backache was terrible—many a time T was unable to straighten my ; back, it was so had. The urinary secretions were some- MARRIED ON OUT-RELIEF. times thick and highly-coloured, also very excessive. A man 72 years of age and a woman GG, both of whom I found relief in Doan's pills within a few days, and were in receipt of outdoor relief from the Backlow eventually they quite cured me." Guardians, have been married. The man was in receipt ; Doan's Backache Kidney Pills are two shillings and of 4s. a week, but be bad known during the life of his ninepence per box (six boxes for thirteen shillings and first wife what it was to have 7s. 3d, a week, and as the ninepence.) Of all chemists and stores, or post free payments to his second wife ceased on her marriage, he direct from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells-street, applied to the Board this week for more assistance. He Oxford-street, London, W. Mrs. Jones was cured by was granted 75.—sixpence less than he enjoyed before. i Doan's; be sure you get " DOAN'S."

Grand Total £266-1 0 l

WIRRAL AND BTR,KENHEAD SHO.Wr.

Intending exhibitors at this Society's show to behold at Behington next month, are reminded that entries for the Dog,-Ponitrv, Pigeon, Rabbit end Cavy Sections Close on Monday next, and in accordAnce with the Council's resolution none bearing a later postmark will he accepted. A large number of valuable special prizes including three Five Guinea Cups are being offered for competition, in addition to the usual class prizes. The exhibits will he staged in the Society's permanently built sheds, and will ho penned and fed by the Old Calabar Biscuit Co., of Liverpool. Anyone desiring a COPY of the prize schedule should at once communicate with the Secretary, at 6, Hamilton-square, Birkenhead.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Satulday, June 29, 1907

WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

WOMEN'S WORK IN WARFARE. ! Several of the great nations have been partly represented by , women delegates at the Interna- tional Red Cross Convention in London. This is eminently right and proper, as the main ob- . ject of .the Red Cross Society is precisely the woman's share in regard to warfare—to go after the soldier, and do what may be possible to re- lieve the misery of war. Of course, evqry great war has called forth abundant private charity to relieve the misery caused; but the Red Cross Society organises and prepares beforehand for ihis beneficent work, instead of leaving it to be hastily and wastefully and imperfectly under- taken in the crisis of the need. The work has long ago conquered the suffrages of the Govern- ments of all civilised nations, and the periodical Conventions are those of delegates from the actual and responsible rulers of the world. This makes it interesting that women have been ap- pointed delegates, not only by America and Eng- land, but also by France, Switzerland, and Italy, together with leading statesmen, army officers, and doctors. One of the English delegates is Miss Ethel McCaul, a nurse who was appointed by her Majesty's influence to go to the seat of war during the Russo-Japanese conflict to • study the excellent Japanese arrangements for saving life. •In America the Jsueccss of the Red Cross movement—in thebeginning—depended upon Miss Clara Barton, who took up the Red Cross idea, and organised its practical success. She was known to her own people as "The Florence Nightingale of America.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
MUSLIN FROCK FOR HOT DAYS.

i A dainty dress for the warm weather is shewn in our illustration. It is a pretty model of white spotted or sprigged muslin, and is trimmed with bands of muslin insertion. The skirt is loosely pleated in at the waist, the hem being supple- mented by a full flounce. set on beneath a band of insertion. Above this is a narrower frill,

edged with Valenciennes lace, and finished with insertion. The bodice is also trimmed with bands of the muslin insertion, and is arranged with a prettily-shaped fichu, which is edged with lace, and is tucked horizontally to within two or three inches from the edge, where it is left to form a frill. The full puffed sleeves are gathered into a smaller puff at the elbow, and finished with a lace-edged frill.

I , ..... ^ . . ,-4. .. , t.! IA Rf '• V 1 * L. it - o -,...4 ' • .af i 04tkimilt.\ 43 SI& / 7k / ~. i . 4)" J. /fil, / /1 •• i: 'll'7/ ' '-'ll . ' '. il 1, 1- 4v, . ' N \‘‘ / ",,'" 40 j 4, I 1 0 A-1 , ,(A4 'k k f...:,/ - ' • '. ' ' .14,

===== 0002601_19070629_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEWEST FASHION".

Many of the fashions this year seem strangely at variance, and it is quite difficult to reconcile them. The figure is supposed to be defined more sharply than has been fashionable the last two or three years. At the same time, clothes must not look as though fitted too tightly. There must not be any pouch in the front of the bodice, yet a loose, easy appearance must be given. A per- fect fitting lining is absolutely essential to begin with, and then on this foundation the bodice itself is draped and the trimmings are disposed on the most becoming lines. It would seem, re- marks." Pepita" in the Mark Lane Express, as though all this attention to detail were unneces- sary, but the result prove it is not, and well rev pay the trouble and time taken.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
LINEN COSTUNIE FOR THE RIVER

For river or seaside wear triped linen cos- tumes are particularly smart. Our sketch shows a neat littlo costume of white linen, patterned with a tiny vieux-roe stripe. The skirt is a igia, in well-gored shape, and is trimmed with Tias straps, finishing in a point about a foot from the bottom of the skirt, each point being adorned with a large button covered with rose-coloured

linen. The short Eton coatee is trimmed with a wide strap over each shoulder, and has smart little waistcoat fronts of - white pique. adorned with groups of small pearl buttons. The belt is of rose-coloured leather or suede; and to com- plete the costume a shady Leghorn hat is worn, trimmed with a scarf of vieux-rose silk, arranged in loops. and long fringed ends, which hang over the ode of the brim.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
FItOGS AS PETS.

The . most fashionable pets at the moment, writes Lady Phyllis in the Bystfinacr. are frogs. The variety chiefly in request comes, as cf course it should do. from Spain. I have not yet seen the special Spanish species. but I have had a good deal of experience of the tiny green Euro- pean tree frog. He is the jolliest little chap, equally fascinating and pretty, perfectly tame, and easy to keep—not possessing the delicacies which make foreign birds, for instance, such a problem. His food consists chiefly of flies.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

STRAWBERRY MERINGUE TARls.—First make a short crust, as follows: Ingredients: 6oz. of flour, 3oz. of butter, loz. of castof sugar. I egg. a pinch of salt. Put the flour through the sieve. Add the sugar and salt to it, and then rub in the butter very lightly with the finger-tips. Beat up the egg, add it to the flour. &c., and knead all together until the mixture is a smooth, firm paste. Roll out, stamp into rounds, and with these line some small patty pans. These pastry cases must be baked first without the fruit, put- ting a little uncooked rice into each to keep the paste from rising. Then take out the rice, fill the cases with picked strawberries, and cover them with fine castor sugar and a little powdered cinnamon. Beat the whites of three eggs to a stiff froth. Mix with them iloz. of castor sugar and put sonic or tins meringue on each ot the tartlets, being careful to completely hide the strawberries. Put into a moderato oven, and cook until the meringue is well sot and coloured a golden brown. Servo with whipped cream, flavoured with Tatlilla, _

===== 0002601_19070629_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH TRAGEDY.

TWO WARRINGTON MEN SUFFOCATED IN A WELL.

Fatal) Bravery.

Two Warrington nlen,Williain Payne J5l), 9,Welifield-

. . street, brickseiter, and 'George Bell (53), 110, Wellfleld- street, met with a terrible death at Penketh last Friday evening. It appears that they were engaged by Mr. Albert Payne, constructor, and brother of William Payne, to repair a pump at the Lion Farm in the occupation of Mr. Peter Boardman. For some reason the men decided te'lincover a well which had not been opened for more than fifty years. They procured a ladder and without testing the atmosphere in any way, Bell entered the well. He had gone ten teet when he was seen to fall off the ladder into the water, evidently having been overcome by poisonous gases. Payne immediately went to his comrade's assistance, but, whilst on the ladder he was also overcome, and- fell into the water. A labourer named Noon emprayed on the farm, witnessed the occurrence, and at once gave the alarm. A tanner named Woods and a Dumber of other men came on the scene followed by l'oliee Constable Houghton and Sergeant Smith. Grappling operations were at once commenced, and the bodies were recovered. Dr. Murray who had been sent for, with the assistance of several others, tried artificial respiration, but without success. The tragedy created a painful sensstion in the district. a distressing feature 'being that both men leave widows and families. THE INQUEST. 'AN ERROR OF JUDGMENT. Mr. S. Brighbuse, County Coroner, held the inquest at the Warrington Police Station on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. E. A. Connor represented the families of the deceased ; Mr. Steel appeared on behalf of Mr. Payne, contractor, by whom the deceased were employed; and Mr. Willett represented "other interests." Thomas Bell, general labourer, 110, Wellfield-street, said George Bell was his father, and he had resided with him. Witness lust saw his father alive on Thurs-

day, when he was in his usual health. Deceased was brought home on Suaday. Witness's father worked for Messrs. Monks, Hall and Co., but had been employed by Mr. Payne, contractor, to do certain work at Lion Farm. Albert Payne, joiner, 86,Bramball-street,said William Payne was his father, and was employed by Messrs. J. Payne and Co., builders and contractors. Witness last saw him alive at 5.30 'p.m. on Friday. He saw his dead body on Sunday. John Noon, farm labourer, Lion Farm, stated that Mr. Albert Payne, 122, Hood-lane Sankey Bridges, had been engaged doing repairs at the Wm. On Friday, George Bell and William Payne came about six o'clock to repair the pump. They did not, however, try the pump but immediately proceeded to the well and announced their intestion of uncovering it. Witness assisted them to get the flag from off the top df the well. Payne got a ladder and placed it in the well, and without testing the state of the atmosphere Bell pro- ceeded to go down. When he got about ten feet down witness sow him" drop all at once." Witness said to Payne" The man is cftowning." Payne replied : "No, he is working," but a moment later exclaimed," Oh, my God, he is." Payne thereupon went down the ladder to try to rescue Bell, but he too fell off the ladder into the water. Witness raised an alarm. Questioned by the Coroner, witness said the well was 17feet deep and contained five feet of water. Payne said something about a light before Bell went down ti e well, but witness did not understand what he meant. Do you know how long the well has been covered up? —52 years. Neither of these men did anything to ascertain that the atmosphere of the well was pure ?—No. William Woods tanner, Heath-road, Penketh, stated that on hearing ;hat Bell and Payne had fallen down the well, he lighted a candle to test the atmosphere of the well. The candle would not burn 18 inches below the surface. Grappling irona were obtained and the bodies were recovered at 7.40 p.m. Dr. Murray, of Penketh, was present when the bodies were brought to the surface, and tried artificial respiration on both for an hour and a half. Mr. Connor: How long was it after the accident that you came to the well? Witness: I should think a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes. How long would it take a well of this description to clear ?—I don't think the well is clear to-day. Albert Payne, contractor, 122, Hood-lane, Sankey, said he had been engaged to do certain repairs on the farm including the building of a " Paddy house." Something had to be done to the pump, and a man in his employ was working at it, as sufficient water could not be obtained. He was at work at the pump two days before the accident happened. The man had made the pump worse rather than better. The Coroner: He is not the only tradesman who has done that. Continuing, witness said he sent George Bell to the faun because hs bad the reputation of being a good man at pumps, and he left him to do what was right in the circumstances.

The Coroner: If you hnd been doing the work would it have suggested itself to you that there were noxious gases in the well ?—Yes, sir. What would you have done before you went down ? T should have stripped the well and allowed it to be open some time before descending it. Would you have made a test with a light to sea whether it was extinguished by the noxious gases ?—I should. I don't want to say anything to hurt your feelings, but was it not a foolish thing to strip a well which had been covered all these years and at once go down with- out taking any precaution ?—Yes, sir.

_ , You wOuld-nitt expect an experienced person to do are the boy's fair curls and alabaster skin. He ' such a thing ?—No, sir. My brother had worked in a is particularly attached to Captain Desmond. coal pit for 15 years. • "Oh, Captain Desmond, I'm so glad you have The Coroner :—Then he ought to have known all come !" he exclaims, joyously. "Come and see about noxious gases. Witness said he heard that his brother told Bell to e „,oldfish " my new . nut a candle down the well, but Bell had not the Captain Desmond allows himself to be led patience to wait, away, leaving Coral and the curate to proceed Mr. Conner: Payne went down in order to try to more slowly to the house. save Bell's life. I The Coroner: T quite appreciate that. It was Bell a • • • • • • • • I have a letter from dear Nina," remarks who committed the error of judgment, and Payne went Mrs. Norris, Coral's aunt, looking up from her down to try to save the life of his fellow man. In answer to Mr. Conner, witness said he did not correspondence. "She wishes to come here for give the men any instructions. He did not say that a few days if convenient. I suppose we can the well had not been opened for a considerable time, receive her, Edgar ? " He told them "to make the best job they could." • "Certainly, Helen," her brother answers. By Mr. Willett: He knew now, and not before, that "Nina is welcome to come and stay as long as the well had not been open for nearly 50 years. she likes." The Coroner, addressing the jury, said the case was Nina is the daughter of Edgar Carisforde's dead quite simple. Mr. Payne was engaged to do certain brother, and Mrs. Norris is fond of holding her work at the farm and he employed a sub-contractor to up as a pattern for Coral. "Nina is such a look after the pump but the man did not seem to be s perfect lady," she is wont to remark. able. to make it work satisfactorily. Mr. Payne went morning Captain Desmond finds Uric in search of an expert and found Bell who had the One reputation of being a good man in reference to the looking disconsolate, while Nesta, Coral's huge mending of pumps. He employed him and sent his mastiff, is vainly entreating him to throw stones (Payne's) brother with him to assist. The jury could and run races as usual. not expect Payne to give them elaborate instructions. "Why, what is the matter ? " Desmond asks. He sent a 'nen to do the work who was supposed to "Aren't you well ? " know more than he did himself. Bell was an experienced "Nina is coming," says the lad ; "and every- workman. He took Payne with him to assist, but without making an inquiry as to when the well was body is busy getting ready for her." last opened they bed it uncovered and Bell descended. be from your "Not a friend of yours, to judcf H face '-' " • e had made no examination as to the state of the * atmosphere in the well, and the result was that he lost ' "No, I don't like her," Uric confesses. his life. Payne did what his family should be proud "When we went to her house she called me a of, for he must have known that the atmosphere had child, and told nurse I ought to go to . bed at overcome Bell, yet be descended in order to rescue him seven." and so lost his life. It was most lamentable that one "I would not mind Miss Nina," Desmond says, man should lose his life while trying to save another consolingly, patting the boy's •golden curls. who had not taken the necessary precautions. He (the "Here is Coral coming," as the girl comes flying Coroner) did not wish to speak ill of the dead, but the' along the path in her white dress, a flush on loss of two lives had been brought .about by Bell not her olive cheek, and her dark hair ruffled by the making the necessary examination of the well before ho went down. He did not see how any blame could be summer air. attached to Albert Payne or anyone else in connection ' "You are early, Conrad," she says, holding out with the matter. i her little hand, which he takes, looking admir- • The jury retorned a verdict in each ease of death ingly into her face. "Come on the lake. It is from misadventure, the Foreman (Mr. William Rogers) such a glorious morning,:it will be lovely on the remarking that his fellow jurors wished him to express water.' their sympathy with the relatives of the deceased in Coral is in the wildest spirits this morning, the sad loss they had sustained, laughing and chattering of Nina's expected arrival Mr. Steel wished to be allowed to associate himself with the expression of sympathy from the jury. Mr. and ether things, while her lover gazes fondly and proudly on the sweet dark face as he talks Payne bad sustained a severe, loss in the death of his • er. brother. He had known Bell for fifteen years, and to n . regretted that any request he had made to him to do It is a morning of peerless beauty, the sky work should havo brought about his death, blue and cloudless, the faint summer breeze just ' . The Coroner said he had received a nice letter from stirring the tops of the trees on the island. one of the owners of the owners of the farm which Suddenly a dark shadow falls over the boat and read :—" My sister and I are deeply grieved at the sad its occupants, and they look up in surprise to accident which has occurred on our property. Will you se that a dark storm-cloud, fringed with gold, kindly convey to the bereaved relatives our sincere is obscuring the sun. Coral shivers, and all sympathy with them all.—Yonrs trnly, F. M.TiNssEY." her gay spirits seera,to have deserted her. 'He understood that the writer of the letter was one of . "Do you believe in presentiments, Conrad ? " the owners of the farm. • ' she asks, white and trembling. "Oh, Conrad, that cloud ! " she wails. "You will laugh al me, . 1 know, but sometimes I think I have what people : call second sight. When that cloud came I : saw myself standing on an island, bare and stony, , with water all round. On one of the banks you ' stood with a woman who bhad long gblden hair. • You looked at me. I saw myself stretch out my arms, but you turned away to her. Suppose it ' came true? I would rather find a grave at the bottom of this lake ! " the girl finishes, passion- ately. ; "You will never have to live without my love, darling." I Be talks of other things, and is rewarded by seeing the colour •return to her face and the light to the violet eyes. , , Coral is in the garden with Uric gathering , roses when her cousin arrives. Very fresh and sweet the girl looks in her pale blue dress, her hands full of creamy, fragrant roses, Neste, as usual, walking sedately at her side. "Come, Nests.," she says, and gathering up her ' roses walks slowly towards the house. She finds her cousin in the drawing-room, leaning back in i

a sow easy-enair, sipping ner'tea and languidly answering her aunt's questions about home affairs. __ _

Caristorde is a beauty, atm an neiress much sought after in society. To the surprise of her friends she is Da yet engaged. "I am in no hurry," she says. complacently, as she dis- misses suitor after suitor. At her mothet remarks: "Dear Nina is so fastidious ;-no On lower than a duke or lord will satisfy her." "At what time do you dine, aunt?" N,na asks presently. "I told Belle to put out my sea-grean silk l'or this evening." ~Qi‘ite wasted, my dear. We are a set of bv-rintrians here, we dine at two—a fad of yout uncie s. Unless we have visitors I never can get him t dine late like other people. We have made no,dilerence for you. I,hope you dd rot mind ?" "I am glad you have not altered your arrange- ment:: for me, aunt," Nina says, sweetly. "Then ycii I are no visitors this evening ? " • • "Only Captain Desmond, and we scarcely con- siicv 'in visitor, do we, Coral ?" `1.1m,! colour mounts to Coral's dark cheek, and Nina laughs softly. "Captain Desmond. lie's y; ur intended husband isn't he, Coral ?"

"last do you think of Nina? Is she net hauiiul ? " Coral asks, as she and Captain D.?.smond are together on the lawn next morning. " Vs, she is very pretty," 1 o answers, caro- l( ;sly, as be stoops to pluck a uaik red rose. " wish I were like her," Coral sighs. . Like her! Why, Coral, you are a hundred ti -nes more beautiful than she is, my gipsy clue( n," he says. putting the rose he has gathered aireng 'the l's dark tresses. "Come for a it's such a lovely morning; that is, if old Bob and the colts can exist for a few hours with- out you," he adds, mischievously. "OF course they can. . What a tease you are. I snprose we must ask Nina to join us ? 7 "Perhaps she does not ride," besmond anggcsts.

"vb. yes, she does; she rides in the Row when she is in town. I'll go and ask her." Miss Carisforde is still in the breakfast-room, -where she has been lingering over a late breakfast for the last hour. She welcomes Captain :Di...smend with her sweetest smile. She is always aeiotis to the other sex, and willingly agrees to join them. "Don't be long, Nina, please," Coral says, and in a surprisingly short time for her Nina appcars faultlessly attired in her perfect-fitting dark blue habit: Captain Desmond lifts her into the saddle. Coral has already sprung into hers without assistance. On horseback Coral has decidedly the advantage of her cousin. Nina is more at home in the drawing-room than the saddle. Captain Desmond has this hands full this morning; Nina is constantly calling for small attentions from him. Of course he is flattered. What man is not by the thought that some fair creature looks to him for help and cannot get on without him? When they come to a five-barred gate, iron-hinged and padlocked, Nina looks helplessly at him.

"Oh! Captain Desmond, what are we to do? Cannot you unfasten it? Then we must go back, I suppose." "Go back! Why should we?" Coral says. "The horses are quite used to this. Over, Firefly!" and Coral's horse has cleared the gate at a bound.

"Will you attempt it, Miss Carisforde ? It is quite safe," Captain Desmond says, leaning towards her. _ _ _ _

"Oh, no—oh, I dare not !" and Nina looks back helplessly at him. "I should fall." "Then we must return."

Nina gives a little shriek as Firefly clears the gate a second time, the performance. appearing to give both horse and rider keen enjoyment. "Oh, Coral, how can you be so reckless!" she says, with a shudder. "Why do you allow her to do such things, Captaip Desmo_nd ? " "I suppose I can scarcely claim the right to control Coral's actions yet, though I hope to do it soon," he answers, smiling at her. "I do wish, sometimes that she were more careful."

"Oh, Conrad, who taught the to take gates and fences ? lam only following my leader," Coral says, laughing. "What shall we do this afternoon? Don't you think a picnic io the Oaltwoods would be jolly? We can ask -Lily and Ada Willis, and dui-espy Mr. Clifford would join us." "Oh, of course you must have the parson!" Desmond says, rather shortly. "Is he not nice ? " Nina queries, innocently. "Oh, yes, the ladies all worship . him, think him divine, I believe. I can't say I think him particularly interesting myself." A very merry party gather in the Oakwoods even Mrs. Norris has been persuaded to go." Nina Carisforde, looking very fair and shadowy in her white dress claims Captain Desmond's attention. She is heartless and cruel, and has decided that this man is worth winning. She puts forth all her art of fascination, which she is wont to boast has never failed yet on mortal man. He, without a thought of disloyalty to Coral, yields himself up to the fascination of the moment. Meanwhile poor Coral's heart is aching, though she, gives no sign, but laughs and talks merrily with the others. Her cheek is flushed and her eyes bright. A casual observer would detect nothing amiss, but to the eyes of love it is different, and Cyril Clifford, looking on the face of the girl he secretly adores, experiences a very unelerical desire to punish the man who is making her suffer thus. "Captain Desmond is paying very marked attention to Miss Carisforde, " remarks Mrs. ,Vilna to Mrs. Norris, as the two sit together under the trees sipping tea and discussing the scandal of the neighbourhood. "I wonder Coral likes it."

"Oh, Coral does not mind: she is not sensi- • not like our family. Dear Nina, now, would • of grief if she were slighted, but I believe Coral would only laugh, and go Its usual with her horses and dogs; she is so unwoiranly." And Mrs. Norris sighs and arranges the lace of her shawl in more artistic folds.

"I think," answers Mrs. Willis, who is a ~.other and has a deeper insight into character than her friend," that Coral has the deeper feel- ing of the two ; her nature is strong and passionate, a nature to enjoy or suffer keemly, and how pretty she is too, like a beautiful gipsy. 11.11 rue are the man's eyes, I wonder ? " she goes on to herself. "What is he thinking of if he prefers that painted butterfly to her?" "Oh, Coral," Ada Willis calls out presently, "here Comes a gipsy. Do let us have our fortunes told; it will be such fun."

"Miss Carisforde, do you believe the sibyl has power to read the book of fate?" Captain Desmond asks.

"No, of course not. It is all nonsense," Nina answers, laughing. "Let me read the future for you, ladies and gentlemen," the woman says. Coral gazes, as if fascinated, on the dark, handsome face and clear, penetrating oyes that look as if they were indeed fixed on the future sho professes to reveal. Nina gives the required piece of silver, and holds out her small white hand for the sibyl's inspection. "You have a fair, smooth life, lady," she says. "There is no trouble for you, but you will cause plenty to others. You have ruined men's souls and broken women's hearts, and you'll break more. Be warned by the gipsy, and give up what you now have in view; give it up, I say, or you'll work more ruin than you can mend."

Coral is the last. "Come away, Miss Caris- forde," Cyril Clifford implores, in a low voice. "Leave the future alone; she cannot reveal it, and will only frighten you." "No, I must not turn coward, Mr. Clifford," Coral says, smiling. The gipsy takes the girl's hand, looks at it a moment, then gazes pityingly, almost tenderly, into the lovely- dark face. "Poor child, poor child—so young too!" she mutters. Aloud she says: "There's trouble in 'store for you, sore trouble; you'll never marry the Iran you've set your heart on. You've a brave heart, but there's sore trouble and an early death for you; you might have made a fortune by your voice, but you will not. You will stake your all on one die and lose it, and it will break your poor heart, child." "Come away, Coral," Captain Desmond say, noticing how white the girl has become. "How ean you listen to such nonsense ? " "My fine gentleman, the sibyl must tell the truth. You yourself will cause her grief," the gipsy says, as she walks off and disappears among the trees. Wandering from the others by a large tree the girl sinks down on the moss, sobbing bitterly. !'l. do not mind anything else, only she said I should lose your love," Coral sobs. "My darling, you will never lose that," is the answer. "Death itself cannot alter my love." A fortniaht DEISSCS. 14 is the eve of Captain

inilill

• . 7

....5:1 • ~;...- SO OTHI NG ......4 4.... / 0 g"...: ANTISEPTIC:if For Inj u ries & •:•iii .Y.:o' • • ... • , q .7.5. ki n Tro uIA es i:iiill .r.::-:-;:.: , , le.:;?:::l.:-.::::.::.. f-: 4 :r."::::?: •• , , ... • ''' ::;;:i , , ..2 3.. ~....:....:.......,:::,, fli; 1 1 git..:l.f ' O.: .1 ' ' 4. Pi • . . I .3.- ' ... I 7 , - ..:.::1 , , .. ..... ....:-..a 0

===== 0002601_19070629_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
LALL BIGHM 111.43 to It Mt%

A SUMMER CLOUD.

BY ELLA BECKLEY,

tuthor of "Duleie Bruce," "The Pretty Maid of Malton," "Kissing Goes by Favour," "How I Saved Cynthia Milton," &c.

It is a bright morning in June; the sky is cloudless, and the sun streaming down on the old _ _ . _

churchyard on the hillside, on the moss-grown graves, and ivy-covered tower of the church. On the grass under one of the spreading trees a girl is sitting, sketch-book in hand—a girl, fair and sweet as the daisies blooming at her feet —the golden sunshine lighting up her brunette beauty as she raises her violet eyes from her task. A man's footstep sounds on the gravelled path. "Oh, Conrad, how you startled me!" she says. "I did not hear you coming. Look at this stupid thing; I can't make it come right." Be removes the leaf containing the half-finished drawing from the book, presses it reverently to his lips, and places it in his pocket-book. Then, with a few deft strokes of the pencil, is busily engaged on a fresh sketch, while the girl's eyes rest with fond pride on his face. Coral is very proud of her handsome lover, with his dreamy blue eyes and tawny moustache. "Scampering over the country on barebacked horses is more in your.line, isn't it, Coral ? " he says. "Yes; and that reminds me, I promised old Bob to try that new colt this morning." "I wish you would leave Bob to attend to the horses, Coral. It is unsafe. I wonder your father allows it," Captain Desmond says, rather impatiently. , 'Papa does not mind, and I thought you did not," Coral says, ,deprecatingly. He softens at once, and takes her hand tenderly in both his own. "It is all right while I am near to be with you _ _ _

and look after you, but I shall be so anxious when I am far away from you." "What do you mean? Arc you going away ? " "We are ordered to Ireland. The news came this morning." "Ireland! Oh, that is so far away. I shall never see you. Oh! Conrad, must you 'go ? " the ; girl says, piteously, her eyes filling with tears at thought of the parting. "Don't cry, my darling," Captain Desmond says, fondly. "Ireland is not the end of the world. I shall be able to run over from there to see you, and I hope to gain your father's consent to an early marriage, and then there will be no question of parting again. You will write often, will you not ? " "Oh, yes, but letters will not be like having you to talk to. Perhaps you.will forget me." I "Forget you! That is not possible, my Coral." They have left the churchyard now, and are walking slowly along the leafy lane leading to Coral's home. "We have a fortnight yet, I believe." The girl gives a sigh of relief. It is a respite. The parting is still in the distance. Youth is elastic, and at the thought she becomes almost happy again, and they saunter on absorbed in each other and love's young dream. "Here is Mr. Clifford coming," Coral says presently, as a tall figure in clerical garb appears in sight round the bend of the road. ; "Confound that fellow! He is always turning up when he's not wanted. I beg your pardon, Coral; but, really, we never seem to be together five minutes without that parson appearing." "Five minutes ! " Coral laughs. "At least it has been two hours this morning. Conrad, I believe you are actually jealous of Mr. Clifford," and again she laughs merrily. "Small Wonder if I am," he retorts. "He is always dancing attendance on you. The fellow is in love with you, Coral, that is quite evident—and I am leaving you here to meet him every day." "Oh! Conrad, you do not really think that I care a straw for him, or anyone but you?" Coral says, earnestly. The Rev. Cyril Clifford is a tall, pale young man, with fair hair and large blue eyes, the idol of all the ladies, old and young, of his congre- gation. Enthusiastic and energetic, the duties of the parish devolve chiefly on him. "I was coming to see you this afternoon," the curate says, as he turns back with them. "I want to see Mr. Carisforde, too, if he is at home. I want to ask him about old Mrs.

Jones." "Hang those old '.women ! " mutters Captain Desmond under his breath, making vigorous onslaught on the nettles by the roadside with his stick. "Can the fellow talk of nothing else ? " "Come this evening," Coral is saying in her sweetest tones. "The Willises are coming for tennis. Ah ! here is Ulric," as a lovely boy Gf seven or eight years old comes bounding down the carriage drive leading to the front door of the Beeches. In contrast to Coral's brunette beauty

===== 0002601_19070629_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
Desmond's departure. Nina Carisforde has laid her plans well. 'Conrad tells himself he still [lopes to make Coral his wife, but he is genuinely fascinated by this beautiful siren. The Carisfordes haze visitors this evening. and Desmond has escaped into the garden with hi* cigar. The night is hot, and all is very stilt; the sound of laughter and voices reach his ears from the open windows of the drawing-room, then the sound of someone singing. He stops to listen as Coral's magnificent voice is borne to him on the still night air. The song ceases, and he wanders on further from the house. Presently the rustle of a woman's dress falls on his ear, and he turns to see Nina Carisforde, the moonlight falling on her plat-blue dress and golden hair. In an instant he flings away his half-smoked cigar and turns to greet her. "And so you are leaving us to-mierrow, Captain Desmond ?_ _ she says, in her dulcet tones.

_ "Yes. May I flatter myself that you Will miss me a little?" he answers, in a low voice.

"Indeed I shall, very much. Our friendship has been very pleasant; but all pleasant things come to an end."

"1 should not have imagined that to be your experience. But why should our friendship be at an end because lam going to Ireland? I hope to return, and; you know, I shall be a relative by-and-bye." "Oh! why do you remind me of that? Oh, it is cruel—cruel!" And Nina raises a lace- trimmed handkerchief to her eyes and sobs audibly. Captain Desmond looks at her for a moment in puzzled wonder. Then the truth bursts on him— thi.4 beautiful creature loves him. Fate is cruel! Is it his fault, he wernders. Nina sobs On. Clasping her hands round his arm she lets her golden head fall on his shoulder in abandonment of grief. "For Heaven's sake come away!" he says, unsteadily. She allows him to put his arm round her and lead her away. But it is too late. Coral, seeking her cousin at Aunt Helen's request, had arrived in time to see the golden head of her rival pillowed on hor lover's shoulder. That glimpse is enough. One moment the girl stands as if turned to stone, the next she has fled.

Oh! Captain Desmond, what must you think of me ? " Nina says, raising her blue eyes still full of tears to his face.

"I am so sorry, Miss Carisforde. What a brute you make me feel What can I do?" "Nothing, I suppose. You are going to marry Coral ?" "And you love her?"

"As my life," the man says. hoarsely. "You have let me love you," Nina wails, "and now you will leave inc to bear the pain," and again she sobs bitterly. This is more than Captain Desmond can bear, and he passes his arm round the bowed figure and presses his lips to the golden hair and snowy forehead. .

"For Heaven's sake don't cry like this!" he says.

_ "You do not care. You only love Coral, and I am sure she does not care for you. She is always with Mr. Clifford."

At the touch of his lips on her hair .Nina feels that her cause is won. She raises her head.

"Forgive me ! " she says, more calmly. "If we can be no nearer, we may still be friends," holding out her hand, which he takes eagerly. Manlike, he is thankful that the storm of sobs is over.

"May I ask you one question? Will you answer me plainly and truthfully?" she asks. • " Yes ; anything you 1 ike."‘ "If—if thing's were different," she says, hesi- tating and drooping her eyes—"if you were not engaged to Coral, would you have loved me?" "Yes," he says, "1 should. lam not sure that I don't now, but Av.; must both try to forget. Now let me take you in."

Never has Coral looked more beautiful than he does to-night. There is a flush on her cheek and a light in her eye, the effects of the fever burning in the girl's heart. She is wearing a black lace dress, with coral trimmings and sprays' of coral in her dark hair. As she is to-night Conrad Desmond will remember her for all time. Her spirits are wild too—she is the life of the party. Her lover has no chance of speaking to her alone, and when he seeks her for a few last. words before leaving she is nowhere to be found. "Miss Coral asked me to give you this, sir," the parlourmaid says, holding out a small square envelope. Desmond hastily tears it open and reads "1 saw you with Nina," Coral writes. "I know that your love has gone from me to her. I telt you now, as I have often told you before, I cannot, will not live without your love. I know- that, loving her, you would still for honour's sake make me your wife, so I put it out of your power. When you receive this I shall be dead,, and you will be free. Forget me and be happy.— CORAL."

"Oh! sir, there has been a dreadful accident. Miss Coral has fallen into the lake." It is another frightened maidservant who speaks: "They are afraid sho is dead." "Where is she ? " Desmond asks, hoarsely, great beads of perspiration standing out on his forehead.

"I think they have taken her to her room, sir. Mr. Clifford and the gardener got her out," the girl answers. Desmond waits io hear no more. Half dazed he rushes away to the door of Coral's room. "Is she alive? Let me go to her," he says,, lifting his haggard _eyes to the doctor's face.

"My dear slr, it is-useless," Dr. Douglas says,, gravely. Conrad Desmond sinks down on a seat and covers his face with his hands. Coual—bright, merry Coral—dead! And she will never know now that he really loved her. Bitterly he curses his blind folly, and in the anguish of his heart almost curses Nina too.

The house is turned into a place of mourning. Airs. Norris sits in the darkened drawing-room, sipping sal volatile, applying smelling-salts to her nose, and complaining of the shock to her. nerves.

"YOU saw the accident? " Desmond asks,. meeting Cyril Clifford on the staircase. "Yes, I saw it. But it was no accident,. Captain DeFunond, and you know it," the clergyman answers, sternly. "I do not know to what extent you are to blame for this, but I believe Miss Carisforde's death lies at your door!"

Pc,or Coral is laid to rest in the churchyard —in the churchyard where but a few short months before, awaiting her lover, she had sat: and bketched the ivy-mantled church tower. [THE END. ]

===== 0002601_19070629_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
STeeKTAKING SALE PIANOS AND ORGANS, NRW AND SECONDMAND, BARGAIN. MUST BE CLEARFID nus NIONT

C) GUINEAS.—PIANO, mahogany case, sititable fqr a beginner. GUINZAS.—NANO, rosewood case, ivory keys, Metiler and Co. 9 GUINILAS.—PIANO by London maker, handsome Rese. weal case, ivory keys. lk GUINEAS.—PIANO, by Getman and Plumb ; clasice "X inlaid panel. 1g GUI N NAS.—PI ANO, in beautiful walnut case, marqueterie ‘° panel, full brickord, iron frame. A marvel. 18 GUlNRAii.—Ovorstrung PIANETTE, by Tan Gruisen and Son ; clsoice walnut case, worth 3o guineas. 4 GUINEAS.—WaInut HARMONIUM, by Schiedmayer ; 5 stops and swell. 6 GUINRAS.—ORGAN, liaclass s condition; 9 steps and swell ; was 1$ guineasw 12 GUlNEAS.—Packard ORGAN, canopy top, so stops, 4 sets, 2 swells. IiAST TERMS ARRANGED. MANY OTNER CHIA? LIMNS IN STOCK.

RICHMOND JONES & SONS,, THE PIANO STORES, 11 & 13 Berry St., LIVERPOOL. Top of BOLD ST,)

===== 0002601_19070629_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_.,Amift

===== 0002601_19070629_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

-- • ...,--: -• ',' 7: ~..- 4"...'7,;;;!.*"..1.1,. ",..:: • ...h.•,, ..' 4 • , • .14'.N, W.V.,5.:, -ve-, .7 ~ ,-7,1,:. • :4:',....:* ~...g , Sudden cnang-beL in the Ikl, eat her, a drenching shower, or night chills after a warm, ener- vating day, point out thf.: wis- -11‹. dotn of keeping Peps always ' q,a0.41.t.'• ,h, handy to guard again-A 0: ' sutinner colds, sore throat, t and chez-t tioublcs. ks 44' , '1 itzi and 219 l',' bOX I.';'. '.• -',' ' si ,q • -ekr ,:;,„N. J.,:e, _ ' lAti‘ , IA V ~•;.. -; t..,,1, ex. ...=-.---- .xv.i..--;;;'• tk.- , ' :r. ‘-,..!'; fc. .., • .--_-z.----....--. •• a .- ---------- , ~ . . , • •‘, .roe'rk,

===== 0002601_19070629_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
The Recent Prosecution of a Painter. MO APPEAL TO THE HIGH COURT.

meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held on Wednesday. In the absence of the chair- man and vice-chairman. Mr. A. J. Jolley was elected to the chair and there were also present :—Mrs. Wilkinson, Mrs. Simpson, Miss Broadbent, Rev. M. Ryan, Messrs. W. Gill, W. Furness, W. C. Brooks, A. Brooks, G. 'lllather, J. Cook, W. It lennagan, M. W. Seton, J. Evans, C. Sutton (clerk), J. F. Awbery (master), and A. Wright (superintendent of Padgete schools). . THE HOUSE COMMITTEE AND THE CASE. THE EMPLOYMENT OF HOUSE LABOUR.

At a meeting of the House Committee held on June 14th James Clarke's case was considered and Mr. Shearer reported the magisterial proceedings which had resulted in Clarke's dismissal. After discussion it was resolved; by a majority that the Clerk be instructed to take steps I for securing front the High Court a mandamus direct- the Warrington Bench to convict Clarke who was charged with neglecting to maintain himself, if after inquiry no legal obstacles to such action be discovered. At a meeting of the House Committee on June 21st it was resolved to recommend that the Clerk be instructed to inquire of the Master Builders in town whether the ratement of an inmate (Thos. Hind.) was correct that. 46 was denied employment owing to his having done Plastering work whilst in the Workhouse. A number of letters in reply to the Clerk's request, Were read, and it was stated that to the writers' know- ledge no such refusal was made. Mr. Collin, president Of the Warrington Master Builders' Federation, wrote stating that he had not refused Hind° work at all, nor had Hinde applied, so far as he (Mr. Collin) could learn. He did not think any builder would refuse him work, provided that he had any work suitable for him' to do. He(Mr.Collin) would respectfully point out that at would be very much better whenever the Board had any repairs in the House to do,if they employed builders in the town instead of employing Union labour, as that would help to keep good practical men from going into the House. The CLERK then presented the following statement on the case of James Clarke:—From the Board's officers and upon perusal of the reports in the local press I find the particulars of Clark's prosecution to have been as follows :—Upon information laid by your officer Clarke was charged that being a person able to maintain him- self ha failed to do so and became an inmate of the workhouse and chatgeable to the Union. Ido not find that any objection was raised to the information, nor tO Clarke being in law liable to conviction and in)prisonment. On the contrary the charge against him appears to have been heard and decided on the merits. Had the court acted otherwise it would have been com- Petent for your officer to have asked for a case upon any legal point in dispute, and in the event of refusal by the justices steps could have been taken to enforce them to grant a case. What occurred was this: Having heard in full the 'avidence against him Clarke was called upon to make his defence when he pleaded that "he was destitute When he went into the Workhouse, and he could not get work. He stopped working on account of the wet Weather." .It was for the justices, and for the justices only, to decide upon the reasonableness of the defend- nut's statement. Any criticism upon their judgment, ;f their action is viewed to have been indiscreet, can nave no effect upon their decision. It does not, how- ?ver, follow that the justices accepted Clarke's statement. may explain at this point that for many years in Part preceding the incorporation of the borough and in Part preceding and following the grant of a separate commission of the peace I assisted in advising county and borough justices, and it was their invariable rule to ?onfer with me upon the degree of punishment, upon 'ha Bench being satisfied of the proof of the guilt of an accused person liable to imprisonment for his offence, nd it would occasionally occur that the justices would 'naSider the circumstances to justify a dismissal with- ;.nt conviction and without sending the offender to gaol in the light of that experience and upon considera- tion of the authority legally possessed by magistrates at the present day I refer your Board to another statement of Clarke which may have influenced the decision of the justices. Clarke said "he had not cost the Guardians a penny during the whole time he had been there and he had praetically done (meaning Painted) the workhouse two or three Hum over." In reply to a justice your officer properly admitted "that Probably the defendant made £1 a week more than he Cost the Guardians." Admitting that, in the eye of the lave, his work did mot save kim from liability to imprisonment had the magistrates have so decided, it Izannot be denied that his plea was one fairly within the authority of the justices to consider in arriving at their decision. I do not think that a mandamus would lie in a case heard and disposed of on the merits only; yet if It did, it would be competent for the justices to reply to a rule of the superior courts that their decision was that the offence appeared to them to be one too light for imprisonment of the defendant, and that the law empowered them so to decide. The CHAIRMAN: Do you suggest he ought not to have been convicted? The CLERK: I submit all through the case that the magistrates could have convicted but I sill they were not bound to convict. It is within their discretion. Mr. EVANS : The High Court leaves it there. The CLERK : The High Court cannot interfere. They can only be appealed to if there is a departure from the spirit of the law. Had the magistrates refused to hear the case or decided that the defence over-ruled the law, then we could have gone against them and the ~ nigh Court would have given judgment upon it. But in a case where they raise no technical or legal objec- tion of any kind but hear the case pro and con, they are luite entitled, even if the defendant be guilty, to come to the conclusion not to inflict imprisonment upon him. Mr. MATHAR said he thought after hearing the Clerk's statement, the safest and wisest plan would be to leave the case where it was. He proposed that no further, action be taken. Mr. SIIToN seconded. Mr. EVANS said the point involved was what the Board were to do if they found a case of persistent imposition. Even if a case were dismissed on its merits, if there was fresh evidence he believed the Court was bound to adjudicate uponit. The Cum( said the 'defendant might plead that be had been already tried and dismissed oa that charge, but if they could, without reference to the previous decision, find that there was a continuous and new .offence, that the man could be employed and 'refused to go to the work, it would he a fresh 'ease altogether and he could not make the 'aanse defence. Clarke was not a burden to the rate- 'Payers, because an officer of the Board admitted that he not only earned his living, but made £1 a week beyond that. He (Mr. Sutton) suggested that there was some- thing in the Master Builders' letter, and that the Beard 'should not put these inmates in employment when they .cante into competition with workmen in the town who had to contribute to the rates out of which these men Were relieved, but that they should put them to degrad- ing employments that were used in order to make the -Workhouse a deterrent, and not an inviting place to a Man who became chargeable. The CHAIRMAN said he wanted to say clearly and distinctly that the statement that Clarke's work had secured the Guardians a profit of over £1 a week THIS *imply ridiculous. Mr. Evaes : I did not believe it. , Mr. Come said he understood Clarke left work to go into the Workhouse. The CLARK said that 'Clarke having worked for his Master for a period, wanted to go oft for a few days. The master refused to allow him, whereupon he went away on his own account. It would not be quite correct therefore to say he left the employment to go to the Workhouse. On the contrary he left to have the holiday which the master refused him. It was an ,?ct of gross impropriety on his part but he would not aave in view at the moment he left, that he was going to the Workhouse. The CHAIRMAN : It was not the Workhouse. It 'was the public house. Arr. EvaNs suggested that the matter be referred to the House Committee so that some practical way might be found of dealing with any future difficulty. The proposition that the case be allowed to drop was carried. , The CmurtmAN said that any question of policy n I.ould be brought before the House Committee. The incident was now closed. The replies of the master builders with regard to "-hoinas Hinde's statement were i eferred to the House 'Committee.

WHO IS Women as i% ell as men are made miserable by kidney and bladder trouble TO Dr. Hi liner's Swamp-Root the great LAyi E. kidney remedy promptly •cures. A chemists in Is.] id. and 25..3d. sizes. You flay have 9, sample bottle by pest free also pamphlet 'telling all about it. Dr, Kilmer & Co., .Dept. ;320, tk envie phamters, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0116,

."

===== 0002601_19070629_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
WALKING DAY. HOW THE DAY WAS SPENT.

Returns from the Schools

Below we give statistical information with regard to the various schools, together with particulars of how the day was spent :

Church of England.

137.4UE COAT SCHOOL :---Established 1677 ; number of scholars on books 40 boys, 30 girls; average attend- ance, 70; number of teachers, 3 ; superintendent and matron, Mr. and Mrs. Rose. The children took part in the procession headed by the school band and after- wards attended service at the Parish Church. They were visited by guardians and friends in the afternoon. Special tea was provided and games were enjoyed in the school grounds in the evening. PADGAGE COTTAGE HOMES :—Established 1881. Number of scholars on books, 100 boys 110. girls ; average attendance, 210 ; number of teachers. 4 and superimendent ; chaplain, Rev. W. Pollock-Hill; superintendent, Mr. Arthur Wright; matron, Mrs. Wright; and 12 officials. The children, looking very neat in their new clothes, proceeded to town by train at 9 a.m. and joined in the procession headed by the school band. Afterwards the Church of England scholars attended service at the Parish Church. In the afternooa there were games, &c. on a field lent by Mr W. Houghton and an excellent tea was served. NATIONAL (Boys) :—Number of scholars on books, 300; number of teachers, 15 ; clergy, Rev. G. A.. Lejenne •, superintendents,Mr. George Brown and Miss Brown. The procession was headed by the band of the Bth and 40th Regimental Districts, and was gay. with beautiful banners. At noon a service was held in the Parish Church, and the rest of the day was spent in sports etc., in St. Elphin's Park. FAIRFIELD (Gums) :—Number of scholars on books, 460; number of teachers, 30 • clergy, the Rector; superintendents, Miss E. White and Miss Willis. The scholars joined in the procession along with the other parochial schools, headed by the band from Orford Barracks. In the afternoon there were games and dancing in St. Eilphin's Park. ST. CLEMENT'S :—Number of scholars on books, 300 boys, 400 girls; number of teachers, 35 ; curate-in- charge,Rev. T. W.Barber. The Farm School Band from Newton-le-Willows headed this school's procession. In the afternoon the children adjourned to St. Elphin's Park for sports and games. ST. GEORGE'S :—Number of scholars on books,3oo boys,4oo girls; number of teachers,3s ; curate-in-char-o, Rev. T. A.J. Ridpath. Headed by the Pioneer Band le children joined in the procession round the town, and afterwarus attended service at the Parish Church. The rest of the day was spent in sports and games in St. Elphin's Park.

ST. PETER'S :—Established 1872. Number of scholars on books, 709 ; boys 327, girls 382; average attendance, 520; number of teachers, 21 ; clergy, Rev. B. Percival (vicar), Rev. H. Russell (curate), Captain Higson, C.A. ; Mr. J. Bamforth and Mr. T. S. Steel, wardens. This school kad a pleasing procession which included a number of children prettily dressed as sailor boys and flower girls. The afternoon was spent in a field near Orford Barracks, tea teing served and games, ttc., indulged in.

ST. PAUL'S :—Number of scholars, boys 217; girls 329. In addition to the children a large contingent from the Women's Bible Class took part in the proces- sion. Number of teachers, 24; clergy, Rev. W. Brace- camp, Rev. E. E. Peters; superintendents, Mr. A. J. Jolley (boys), Mrs. Bracecamp (girls) ; secretary Mr. W. Flood; treasurer, Mr. W. Owen. The Ardwick Green Industrial Band, had again been engaged and rendered admirable service. At 9 o'clock the band met All Saints' scholars at the mission and escorted them to Kendrick-street schools where they joined the procession of the mother church of st. Paul's. The band then moved to the head of the combined procession which proceeded to the Park and afterwards round the town and up Bewsey-street to St. Paul's church. At eleven o'clock an open air service was held opposite St. Paul's church. The afternoon was spent in the fleld at Bewsey Farm kindly lent by Messrs. Hatton and Reid. The band played from three to six o'clock and the usual sports were engaged in. Tea was provided.

ALL SAINTS' 'MISSION :—Established 1889; number of scholars, 370 ; number of teachers, 20; curate-in- charge, The Rev. E. E. Peters. The children took part in the procession along with the mother church of St. Paul's, and the afternoon was spent in Bewsey farm grounds where there were the usual sports. ST. ANN'S :—Number of scholars on books, 400; average attendanee, 290; number of teachers, 20; clergy, Rev. J. Davies, vicar; officers, Miss Davies, superintendent of girls ; Mrs. Gorton, superintendent of infants ; Miss M. Righey, treasurer ; Mr. S. Houghton, secretary. The children assembled at the Parish schools, Dannett-street, at 9, and proceeded, headed by Walker's band, for the massing of scholars on the lawn before the Town Hall. On returning from parading the town they entered the Parish Church (Winwiek-road) for service. In the afternoon, tea was served in the Parish school.; then games, competitions, &c., were engaged in Orford Hall field kindly lent for the occasion by Mr. R. C. Shaw.

HOLY TRINITY :—Number of scholars on books, 279 (boys 107, girls 172); average attendnaca, 240; number of teachers, 19; clergy, Rev. B. C. B. Carleton, M.A. vicar; Rev. J. Morgan Price, B.A. curate; sacre- tary, Mr. J. J. Hisketh. The children walked round town in the morning headed by Walton Band and at one o'clock went by special train to Frodsham where the usual games were indulged in and tea be provided. They returned about 9.0 p.m.

FACTORY YARD MISSION :—Established 1987. Number of scholars on books, 250; number of teachers, 11; clergy, Rev. E. C. M. Carleton and Rev. J. M. Price; superintendent, Mrs. Carleton. The children joined with Holy Trinity in the procession and in the after- noon,proceeded,the seniors to Frodsham and the juniors to a field at Arpley.

ST. LUICWS :—Number of scholars on books, 400; number of teachers, 26; clergy,Rev. H. R. Wild, curate- in-charge; superintendent and other officers, secretary, Mr. T. Sutcliffe. The children joined in the procession along with Holy Trinity scholars. The afternoon was spent-in a field at Sankey, tea being served in the schoolroom.

ST. BARNABAS :—Number of scholars, 287 boys, 268 girls; number of teachers, 24; clergy, Rev. J.H. G. Hollingworth, vicar; superintendents, Mrs. J. H. G. Hollingworth and Mr. W. P. James. The children assembled at Church at 8.30, and marched in procession headed by the Preston Brook Brass Band. In the after- noon they were taken by train to Pex Hill Pavilion (Farnworth station), where the usual games and sports were enjoyed, and tea was served. The return to War- rington was made at 9 p.m. • ST. JAMES' (LATcluroms) :—Number of scholars on books, 312 boys; $O2 girls; infants, 291 ; average attendance, 750; number of teachers, 31; clergy, Rev. H. B. Firth, vicar; Rev. H. H. Cosbie, curate ; superin- tendents, Mr. W. H. Stansfield, ard Mr. A, Rathbone ; secretary, Mr. James Fargher. The children met at 8 a.m. and marchell round the parish beaded by the Volunteer Band, after which there was a short service in the Church. At 9.30 the procession was reformed and marched to the Town Hall in the follow- ing order :—The Band, Clergy and Wardens, Church Council, Young Men's Bible class, girls, boys, decorated lorries filled with children. The handsome large banner emblematic of St. James' and numerous smaller ones were displayed. The scholars left the general proces- sion at Market Gate and went by way of Academy- street and Mersey-street to the schools where they dispersed. They assembled again in the; afternoon at 2 o'clock and headed by the Volunteer Band marched to the Brewery Reid (very kindly lent for the occasion by Messrs. Greenall, ‘Vhitley and Co.), where they amused themselves by playing games, ecc., there were also sports, donkeys' swings, hobby horses. The tea was provided on the field for the infants (about 300), and the older scholars had their tea in the St. James' schools. The band played for dancing, on the field until about 8 p.m. EMMAN UEL (REFORMED EPISCOP L): —Established. 1881 2 • number of scholars on books 250; number of teachers,l7 • minister, Rev.F.Vaughan •, officers : r.D. R. Hodge Air. Thomas Allen churchwardens; Mr. Alfred Johnson, secretary and treasurer. Features of the pro- cession were the Cbercii,Christian Endeavour,and Band of Hope banners, a number of bannerottes and floral devices and decorated mail carts. The " open Bible" was carried on a blue cushion. After procession, the chil- dren went to Moore by the noon train. Sports and games were indulged in, a field having having been kindly lent for the purpose by Mr.Miffington of Moore. Tea for elder scholars,parents and friends was provided at the farm. The scholars' refreshments were served on the tield.Prizes were ekistributed,and anniversary songs joined in at the close of the day, the party proceeding home at 8.50 p.m.An interesting event was the presenta- tion to Mr. W. Dickens, retiring superintendent of the Sunday school. Mr. Dickens has been associated with simmanuel Church and Sunday school since its com- ment, and has filled almost every position of honour the Church can offer with conspicuous ability and untiring zeal. For many years Mr. Dickens, was the leader or the Young Men's Bible Class, where be endeared him- self to all the members and friends He also filled the position of churchwarden, representing the congrega- tion for some years, and for the two years last past has exercised an affectionate and Christian oversight and control over the Sunday school. His genial and kindly manner at all times won for him many friends, whilst his sturdy and pronounced Protestant churclunanship, and loyalty to be principles of the Reformed Episcopal Church ensure for him the greatest respect of all who have been associated with him. Quite recently Mr. Dickens had to leave the town, removing to IN orthwich. The congregation felt desirous of recognizing his work, sue his visit to the school on Walking Day afforded a suitable opportunity for so doiug.Surrounded by his old scholars end many friends, Rev. F. Vauban on behalf of the Congregation presented Mr.. Dickens with a fountain pen and a purse of gold, assuring him of their regret at parting with him, and of the place he holds in the minds of the coegresat ion he has served so well. Other friends also spoke and Mr. Dickens suitably responded.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEE

===== 0002601_19070629_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 29, 1907.

Roman Catholic.

ST. MARY'S, BUTTERMARKET-STRART :—Established 1874. Number of scholars on books, 315 boys, 310 girls; average attendanco,b9o ; number of teachers, 20; clergy in procession, Revs. Neville V. Wilson,O.S.B. (Rector), R. Basil Primavesi, 0.5.8., Dr. Mercer, 0.5.8., and McLaughlin,O.S.B.; superintendents, Messrs.J.Eckersley and Kilburn. The procession was the most imposing in the history of the school. In addition to the scholars 150 of the Sodality of the Children of Mary and a large number of the League of the Cross and Guild of the Sacred Heart, wearing their distinctive medals took part. The League of the Cross Baud and the Junior Band provided the music. The leading banner was a copy of Murrille's " Immacolata" and there were beautiful banners representing the seven Sacraments, and St. Benedict and his monks. A striking feature of the pageant was the statue of the Blessed Virgin under a canopy of large white lilies, carried by girls attired in white and delicate colours. A special feature was the standard " Ave Maria," covered with flowers and carried by piettily attired girls. The afternoon was , spent in a field oft Gorsey-lane where tea was provided and tho usual sports indulged in. ST. ALBAN'S :—Established, beginning of last century.—Number of scholars on books, mixed 340, infants 150 ; number of teachers, 10 ; clergy, Revs. J.S. Whittle, ltylanze and Buegins. As usual this school I presented a most imposing spectacle, the teachers and parenth having gone to a great deal of trouble in preparation for the great event. The procession was headed by the Borough Band. There were many magnificent banners, the chief being those of St. Alban. The Sacred Heart, Our Lady, St. Agnes, and St. Joseph The members of the following confraternities walked : —Sacred Heart Confraternity (men) ; Children of Mary; Guild of the Sacred Heart (boys) ; Guild of St, Agnes (girls.) The children were dressed in beautiful, costumes and the pageant called forth general admira- tion. The afternoon and evening were spent in a field near Orford Barracks where the usual games were in- dulged in and the baud playing for dancing.

ST. BENEDICT'S : Established 1881. Number of scholars on books, 649; boys 311, girls 338 ; average attendtnce 607, number of teachers, 15; clergy, Rev. T. 0. Swarbreck, 0.5.8., Rev. G. E. Hind, 0.5.8.; superin- tendent an officers, Mr. D. Morris and staff. Headed by the Penketh Tannery Band, and the banner of St. Benedict, the children proceeded to Buttermarket-street, where they joined St. Mary's and St. Alban's schools. Numerous beautiful banners, including that of the Sacred Heart, were carried. As usual this school formed one of the prettiest parts of the procession, a charming spectacle being presented by a number of prettily attired infants and young children who wore broad coloured sashes and carry floral crosses, arches, and garlands of flowers. biter in the day the scholars pro- ceeded to a field near the Barracks, where tea was provided, and the time spent in games, &c.

CHURCEI OF THE SACRED HEART :—Established 1894. Number of scholars on books, 360 ; average attendance, 310; number of teachers, 8; clergy in pro- cession, Revs. M. Ryan, Rev. J. Crotty, Very Rev. Dean Clarke (Appletan), Father Quirk (Oelborne), Father Allen (Wooiston) ; head teachers, Miss Dinsdale (mixed), Miss Bonny (infaats). This .school 'had an exceedingly pretty procession, headed by the Pioneer Band. 'There were some very beautiful banners, the chief depicting the Sacred Heart, Holy Family, Our Lady, St. Patrick, St. Joseph, St. Agnes and St. Aloysius. An artistically decorated statue of the Sacred Heart and a lovely floral harp were carried. Many of the children had wands decorated with flowers and bells. The afternoon and evening were spent in a field at Grappenhall. ST. MARY'S, LLTCHFORD : —Establisbed 1863; Number of scholars on books, 118 boys, 127 girls ; average attendance, 207 ; number of teachers, 5 ; clergy, Revs. T. H. Roche and T. M. Marrs; officers, Misses Robinson, Miller, Kitching,andßyrue. This school bad a most attractive display. Runcorn St. Edward's Silver Prize Band headed the precession which included the May Queen and her maids of honour and attendants, and a beautiful Rosary tableaux. In the afternoon the scholars were conveyed by car to a field at Grappenhall kindly lent by Mr. R. Curran. The cars left St. Mary's street corner at 3 p.m. and returned from the Swing Bridge at 8 p.m. The children were provided with tea and refreshments on the field. Sports, races, ttc., were indulged in.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Nonconformist.

WYCLIFFE (CONGREGATIONAL) :—Established,lBs7. Number of scholars on books, 425; average attendance, 280 ; number of teaehers,4o; ministars,Revs.John Yonge and Harry Wall ; superintendentent, Mr. W. Brown ; deputy-superintendent, Mr. W. Beswick ; treasurer. Mr. D. Owen; secretaries, Messrs. G. Parr, A. Gleave, and T. F. Wallington. The scholars assembled at, 9.0 a.m. and headed by the Wycliffe Band of 24 performers pro- ceeded to Bank Quay Station where they entrained for Dunham Hill. The day was speat in various sports and games. Dinner and tea were provided as usual in a large field kindly lent for the occasion by Mr. A. Jackson.

• COCKHEDGE (CosottitGaTlMet.).—Established 1872; number of scholars on books, 450; boys 214, girls 236 ; average attendance 287; number of teachers 23 ; miniater, Rev. H. Wall; superintendent, Mr. W. H. ' Wallington ; assistant superintendent, Mr. F. Worrell ; hon. secretary, Mr. Joseph Phoenix; treasurer, Mr. W. Lister. .An unusually attractive procession was provided by the scholars of this mission, leaving the schol at 13.30. It included several handsome banners and a decorated bury, while a little girl appeared in the role of Sunday school queen and was attended by maids of honour and page boys. The procession joined the Wycliffe scholars at Bewsey-street and marched with them to Bank Quay station. Then the Cockhedge scholars walked to a field off Padgate Lane kindly lent by Mr. Fryer. Games and races were indulged in and dinner and tea were served. Friends were entertained in a large marquee. The stalls on the field were pre- sided over by the following :—Refreshments, Mesdames' Daniels, Hackett, Hibbertt, Bailey, Mc Clure ; sweets and fruit, Mesdames A. Ashton and Shaw ; mineral waters, Mr. T. Warhurst; ice cream, Mr. J. Mc Cluer. BOLD STREET (WitsLitvAN) :—Established 1784. Number of scholars on books, 153 boys, 121 girls ; average attendance, morning 100, afternoon 180; nunaber of teachers 30; minister Rev. Joseph Manning; superintendents, dr. William Silcock and Mr. F. A. Harris ; secretaries, Mr. F. Light and Mr. G. Toulmin. The day was spent at Mr. Winstanley's Dairy Farm, Lymm, the scholars, &c., leaving Arpley Station by the 9.58 train and returning at 8.30 p.m. Quite a variety of sports and razes had been arranged, including sack,boot- lacing, three-legged, skipping and other races. In addition a pding-pong competition was provided for the elder scholars and a couple of inter-class cricket matches were played.A very interesting feature,and one which is always ponular,was the singing competition which took place in the evening, and for which theretwere a good number of entries. The parents and friends of the scholars had tea provided for them, and a very enjoy- able day was spent. ELLESMERE STIABE (WnsLETAN) te Number of scholars on b00k5,179 boys and 189 girls; averageattend- anew, 250; number. of teachers, 26 ; minister, Rev. J. Manning; superintendent,Nlr. M. Llewellyn; assistant , superintendent, Mr. J. Barlow; secretary, Mr. W. I Poole ; assistant secretary, Mr. F. Cox. The scholars went by three special cars to Latchford Swing Bridge, and walked from there to the Ditchford Baptists' cricket field where the day was spent in games, &c. There was an interesting cricket match between the married and the single men in the afternoon. SILVER-STREET (WksettvaN) :—Established 1868. Number of scholars on books, 250 boys, 250 girls; I average attendance, 425; number of teachers, 44 includ- ing officers ; ministar,Rev.Sidney Pitt ; superintendents and officers, Messrs. J.W.Hayward and R. Corbett, L. L. Farrell, F. Tanner, and C. Sinclair. Headed by the Borough Band and the school banner, the scholars left the school marching via Tanner's-lane, Frogball-lane, Croskeld-street and Parker-street, to Bank Quay Station, where they entrained for Helsby by special train. On arrival at this pretty village they proceeded•to a field where the day was pleasantly spent. The games principally indulged in ware football and cricket. Many of the visitors enjoyetl rambles on the hill. , SAN KEY BRIDGES (Wasi:ev.eN) :—Numbn of I scholars on books, 4201(boys 230; girls 100) ; average attendance, 200; number of teachers, 32; ruinister,Rev. E..). Gawne ; superintendents' Mr. J. Gorst and Mr. F. Hardy. The children met at 9 o'clock and formed pro- cession and marched round the village headed by the large banner bearing the pictures" Feed my lambs "and "Sowing the seed.' Afterwards they 'proceeded to a field lent by Mr. Cook at Burtonwood where the day was spent in the usual way. Dinner was served at 12, , and tea at 4.30. On dispersing at night the children I were given nuts and oranges. LATCHFORD ,(WsseEvAN) ,:r-Number of scholars on books, 160; average attendance. 140; number of , teachers, 14 ; superintendent, Mr. J. Ditchfield ; secre- tary, Mr. J. Wright. In the afternoon the scholars i proceeded to Reddish Hall, Grappenhall where the day I was pleasantly spent.

WORKINGMEN'S MISSION :—Established 1871; number of scholars on books, 760 ; boys, 382 ; girls, 428; average attendance, 32;5 number of teachers, 41; Mr. William Worrell and Mr. Thomas Dale, superinten- dents; Mr. A. Gleave, hon. secretary. Headed by the large school banner the children journeyed to Mr. Ilasiam's Farm, Burtonwood, in the morning, were dinner and tea were provided and the day was spout in games of every description. A bus was provided for the parents of the scholars to journey to the field at dinner-time. There was also a refreshment stall on the field where parents might purchase teas, &c., BRICK-STREET MISSION :--Established 1893 Number of scholars on books, 500; average attendance, 474 ; number of tenobers,llB : superintondents, Messrs. J. Shaw and E. Rupert ; secretary, Mr. W. Yates.

IHeaded by the band of the Mission,the children marched round the town and then to a field at Padgate. Here tea was provided and the usual sports indulged in. An , interesting item was the annual critch match, married v. single. BUCKLEY-STREET MISSION : Number of scholars on books 500 boys and girls ' • average attend- ance, 330: number of teachers, 13 ; Mr. A. Jennings, superintendent; Mr. T. Cook, assistant superintendent; Mr. J. Ryder, secretary ; and Mr. J Oultram, assistant secretary.—The scholars left school at 9.15 and pro- ceeded via Tanner's-lane, BewseY-street, Edgeworth- street, Legh-street, Bath-street, to Park. Numerous pretty banners were carried. Having taken part in the general procession round town' the children returned to school. They were dismissed for 30 minutes, and then re-assemblkd and proceeded to a field on IVilderspool- Causeway, ,Ir'here dinner and tea were served, and games and sports indulged in. The prizes were distributed at 6.30 by Mr. Wright. The chief marshals were Mr. A. Jennings and Mr. J. Adams., FRIARS GREEN AND BRICK-ST. (INDEPENDENT METHODIST) :—Number of scholars on bootis, boys 216, girls 259; average attendance, 320; 'number of teachers, 37 ; ministers, various ; superintendent and other officers, Mr. Thomas Barton, Mr. William Evans, Mr. H. Birch, Mr. Thomas Harding. A procession was formed at 9 o'clock opposite Friars Green Chapel headed by the school , band proceeded 'via Suez- street, Palmyra-square, Parkepstreet, • Sankey-street, Buttermarket-street, Fennell-street, Brick-street to Brick-street Sunday • School. Here lurries were provided for the children to take them to a field at Padgate belonging to Mr. Fryer (next to Padgate Station.) During the day sports of various kinds were indulged in. LEGH STREET (PRIMITIVE METHODIST):—Number of scholfirs on books 180, boys es, girls 85; average attendance, 125 ' • number of teachers, 23; minister, Rev. J. B. Buglass Superintendent Mr. J. Bissell ' • secretary Mr. E. Lamb; :treasurer, Mt: H. Billingham. The scholars assembled at school at 9 o'clock headed by Legh-street Band and the Sunday school banner and proceeded along Kendrick-street, Crosield-street, Parker-street and Wilson-Patten-street,to Arpley Station where they entrained for Lyatm. Arriving • there they went to Booth's Farm, where dinner was served. The afternoon was spent in games Scc., tea being served at 4.30. Ater tea games were proceeded with, returning home by 8.30 train. FORSTER STREET (GOSPEL HALL) :—Eatablished 21i years; number of scholars on books, 262 boys, 267 girls; average attendance 450; number of teachers, 25 ; ministers, various; superintendent, Mr. W. Broadhurst ; secretary, Mr. H. Street ; treasurer, Mr. W. Hastill. The children met at the Hall at 9 o'clock and left at 9.30 in procession down Foster-steet, Marsh- house lane, Orford-road to field at Orford, kindly lent by Mr. W. Bennett, Padgate. The infants were conveyed in buses. Dinner was served on the field at 12 o'clock, and tea at 4.30. Games and racing were engaged in during the day. CAIRO STREET (UNITARIAN) :—Number of scholars on books, 130 boys, 125 girls; average attendance, 200; number of teachers, 26; minister, Rev. C. Harvey Cook; superintendent, Mr. F. W. Purse; secretaries, -Messrs. S. C. Hollingsworth and H. V. Rathbone. The children were conveyed by 'bus to Walton, a field having been kindly lent for the occasion by Mr. F. Monks. Sports were indulged in and the children occupied their time with these and other outdoor pastimes. Lunch and tea were provided on the field.

LATCHFORD (PnimfrivE METHODIST) :—Number of scholars on books, 70; average attendance,. 60; number of teachers, 6; superintendent, Mr. J. Cox ; secretary, Mr. J. Cotterill. The children proceeded by special tramcars to Latchford where they spent the day in a field near the locks. Here dinner and tea were provided and sports held. - GOLBORNE STREET BAPTISTS :—Established IEII. Namber of scholars on books, boys and girls 200; number of teachers, 15; superintendent, S. Fernley ; secretary, T. Longshaw ' • financial secretary, R. Roberts. Early in the day the scholars proceeded to Lye= when a field for games, Ae., was placed at their disposal. Dinner and tea were served in the congregational schoolroom.

St. JOFIN'S (PrtrearsErtriN) ;—Nuraber of scholars on books, 90; average attendance, 80; number of teachers, 8; pastor, Rev. J. L. Milne. The scholars and friends to the number of over 100 proceeded to Frodsham where the day was spent, dinner and tea being provided for all. They left Bank Quay at 10.23 and returned 6.50.

WELSH cmximsnc.—Number of scholars, 60; number of teachers, 9; minister, Rev. W. J. Roberts ; superintendent, Mr. .J. Griffiths; secretary, Mr. D. J. Price. The children were conveyed to •Gateacre and spent a pleasant afternoon at this picturesqae spot. FRIENDS' SCHOOL (ACADEMY-STREET) :—The teachers and scholars, numbering about thirty, drove by 'bus to the farm of Mr. Frederick Winstaniey, Whitley. Here a substantial tea was provided after which ganies, etc., were indulged in. The arrangements for the trip were carried out by Mrs. James Robinson and !bliss Taylor, the expenses being met by the generosity of the members and friends.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
:: se ..'-..1..,L.E.,:-...,,i., , •,i 0 :ELANStor.. : . '4.101.4..Ng5,5L:..

AIME&

===== 0002601_19070629_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19070629_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Undenominational.

RAGGED SCHOOL :—Established 1887. Number of scholars on books,l9l b0y5,258 girls; averageattendance, 283 ; number of teachers, 14; superintendent, Mr. James Skelland ; treasurer, Mr. F. J. Owen; financial secre- tary, Mr. J. Marsh • school secretaries, Messrs. H. and J. Wright. The children joined in the procession round the town, headed by the drum and fife band. A large banner bearing photos of Mr. Skelland and a group of children first brought into the school was carried. At 12 o'clock the scholars journeyed on lurries (kindly pro- vided by Lady Greenall) to GratiDenhall Heyes to a field (kindly lent by Mr. .1. C. Parr), where dinner and tea were partaken of. and foot racing, cricket, football, etc., indulged in until 8 p.m.,when the homeward journey was commenced.

SALVATION ARMY :—Establlshed, 1883. Number of scholars on books, 110 boys and girls average attendance, 100; number of teachers, 16; superintendent and other officers, Adjutant Spicer; Junior Sergeant Major Ferguson Bandmaster Lee. The number of children joining the Salvation Army was about 1400,as the Institution catered for a large number of those y oungsters who are unattached. Headed by the Army band they joined in the procession and afterwards went to Bank Park where dinner and tea were served and games aid sports indulged *n.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL THE TORTURES!

A GARDENER'S STORY OF INDIGESTION, SUFFOCATION, MISTS BEFORE THE EYES, PAIN, WIND, SICKNESS. .

MISERY TURNED TO JOY BY RIOTHER SEIGEL'S SYRUP.

That the purest of air and the healthiest of occupa- tions are no absolute guarantee against indigestion, is well shown in the following story. Mr. W. G. P Bruce, of 18, Alma Terrace, -Bawdsey-on-Sea, Wood- bridge, is a gardener; and Bawdsey, where he lives and works, a delightful Suffolk village nestling in flowers and swept by the strong salt winds of the North Sea. Yet Mr. Bruce had suffered from very childhood, and not till he took Mother Seigel's Syrup did he find any relief. Under date January let, 1907, he says : "As a boy I was delicate, and since then I have endured all the usual tortures of indigestion, with many more, of which few I hope have any experience. I bav, had to get out of bed in the piddle qf the night with a dreadful feeling nt my heart,and my breath almost gone. Again, while talking with some one a feeling would come over me that I was going mad, andthat I must get away anywhere but away. At times,while in churob,mist, would form before my eyes till I could not see the people in front of .me. I could not have found my way out, and dared not move till the awful sensation passed. "Pain at my stomach and in my back, wind, head. ache, and vomiting of a nasty sour fluid, were quite common with me. But ,I am glad to say that I have not had an attack for four years now. Mother Seigel's Syrup not only cured me, but keeps me well."

Mother Seizes Syrup will cure you also, If you will but give it a trial. In all parts of the world people know its worth; it you do not know try it; health must follow.

THE 2/6 BOTTLE CONTAINS THREE TIMES AS MUCH AS THE Oil SIZE.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
PANATE

WALKING DAY ARRANGEItitNTS.—It is usual to hold Padgate Walking, Day on the Friday in the week pre- vious to Warrington Walking Day, but it was this year decided to hold it next Saturday. PADGAT.II WESLEYAN CHURCH CHOIR THIP.—The choir attached to tha above Chruch had their annual picnic yesterday, spending the day at Llandudno. rhs choir accompanied by a few friends had a vary pleasant outing.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
A HUMAN OSTRICH.

An exhibitor at fairs who was in the habit of putting down bits of glass and metal for the bewilderment of the Specta.tors,has been operated on. From the patient's stomach were removed a fork bent in twain, a button- hook, three gimlets,l4o nails, an enormous number of pins, and last, not least, a couple of steel chains, the whole lot . (says be "Telegraph ") weighing 330 raftlElleS.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EDUCATION QUESTION.

Roman Catholics and the Government Attitude.

MR. CROSFIELD M.P., AND THE INSPECTION OF CONVENTS.

There-was a large attendance at a pablic meeting held in the Cu-operative Hall, Ssnkey-street. on Sunday evening under the auspices of the IVa.rrington branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society. Councillor Owen Toole presided and was supported by' Mr. W. Niadden, Dr. E. Fox, Councillor T. Burke, of Liverpool (vice-president of the Catholic Young Men's Societies of great Britain), Rev. Father Buggies. 0.5.13. (chaplain) Messrs. J. Boyle, C. Roddy, W. Kilduff, R. Archer, T. Newnes, P. Delaney, J. Black, M. Cunningham, M. Flynn, T. KapHun, H. McNiullen, and H. Rigby.

THE CdAIRMAN AND MR. McKENNA'S BILL. The CHAIRMAN said that Catholics who were taking interest in passing events must feel alarmed at the trend of things during the past twelve or eighteen months. Certainly not duriug his lifetime had the enemies of the Mother Church been so militant as they were at the present time. rhey (the Catholics) thought last year they had for ever killed and decently buried that monster of an Education Bill that threatened to Stake from them sacred trusts and rights, which they denied to any Government. (Applause). Their minds were not long left at ease. Another form of an Education Bill was sought to be thrust epos them known as "The McKenna Bill." A more grossly unjust and dishonest bill, to his mind, was never proposed—a Bill which in substance would penalize them for teaching in their schools that which their schools primarily were built for, namely Catholic ' religion. Mr. McKenna, by some sort of arithmetic, ' had worked out that Catholic teachers were during the time they gave to teaching religious matter, wasting 1-15th of the ratepayers' money. As he (Councillor Toole) mentioned at a previous meeting on the educa- tion question, Catholics paid as much in rates and taxes directly and indirectly, as they received back from the Government for their schools' assistance, mid the imposing of this penalty upon them would mean that they would be debarred, except at their own expense,to teach their religion in their own schools, while at the same time they would have, through their rates, to subsidize forms of religion in other schools which they did not approve of. (Applause). Then the Education Department paid no rent for Catholic schools, nor for the repairs to them. Be (Councillor Toole) maintained, even if the argument had any truth in it, that having their schools rent free and repairs done, more than compensated for the pro- portion of the time given by the Catholic teachers to religious matters. On the top of all these things, the Prime Minister the other day said that it was the Government's intention next year to introduce an Education Bill which they were determined to carry. All he (Councillor Toole) could say was that Catholics had no intention of being offensive to. any Govern- ment, or to any denomination, but they respected the rights and consciences of every denomination, and in turn they demanded that the State should protect their consciences. (Applause.) On education matters Catholics of all shades of politics were united,inasmuchl as the faith of their children was at stake. There could be no such word as" Compromise." There was acertain section of the community who, if it, were left to them, would not allow the Word of God to be mentioned in any school, and no matter what political or other party those men belonged to, Catholics must resist to their utmost this spirit—a spirit that had left Prance in the chaos that she was in to-day. Only the other day one of the reasons given why there should be no religious teaching in schools was that the churches were I on. the downward grade' that not so many people attended church as used to do, and that the State had no right to assist religion. Of course they knew that Catholics got no financial assistance from the State, rather the other way, and if they got back what used to belong to them they could afford tovun their own schools But as to the churches being on the down grade, he found that it was very ranch the other way with Catholics. In an official history of the diocese of Liver- pool he saw that they had is Warrington, in the year 1819, one church, one priest (Dr. Molyneux), &tad 900 Catholics. In 1907 they had five churches .12 priests, I an 13,009 Catholi6s. (Applause.) The population of Warrington during the same period hal increased four and a half times—from 15,000 to 70,000. The Catholic population had increased nearly 15 times. So when he I told his friend of that he would need to qualify his remark. Nevertheless, that spirit existed, and no doubt it was due to that, that a Catholic Labour candidate was opposing another Labour candidate in Jarrow. No better friends had the Labour Party had in Parliament than the Irish Party, and the Irish Party in turn had had no better friends than the Labour Party. But there was one question upon which they did not agree—a question upon which the Irish Party, essentially a Catholic Party, felt more strongly upon than any political question. and that was the question of their religion. Immediately the Labour Party took up the qvestion of driving religion out of the,schools, the Irish Party had to sever themselves from them. The war between them had started, and politically they knew which would survive. It was necessary for Catholics to preserve their independence,' and when they had to assert a principle or to defend a right, it WAS necessary for them to be in constant touch with each other, acting together under one organization, ,and that organization to his mind, was one such as the Young Men's Catholic Society of Great Britain (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19070629_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
A RESOLUTION.

Dr.. Pox, having made the announcement,which was received with loud applause, of the total proceeds of the Infirmary bazaar, expressed his curiosity as to how certain gentlemen on the platform who took a promi- nent part in the last election would explain their posi- tion in view of recent events. They knew now how the Liberal party stood. It would become the duty of Catholics to decide what they intended to do in the future. (Applause). He hoped that meeting would inaugurate the rise of a Catholic party, whic:, wodd not be either a Conservative or Liberal party, bat which would be ready to throw in its lot on either side, according as Catholic interests predominated. were told a general election was forecasted within a short time, and no doubt they would have a meeting to discuss the position which the Catholic party intended to take up. The Catholics of Warrington could decide what Member they would send to Parliament. (Applause). He moved the following resolution :—We Catholics here assembled view with grave apprehension the recent utterances of the Prime Minister and the Minister of Education in reference to education, and we resolve, that we will not tolerate any future legislation which will deprive us of the right to have our children educated in accordance with our religious convictions, and we hereby pludge ourselves to resist to the utmost, any legislation or action of any local authority, which takes away from us the right to have for our children, Catholic religious instruction during school hours, given by Catholic teachers, in Catholic schools and under Catholic management, or that would impose any but Catholic teachers on the regular staff of our schools, or which would impose any disabilities on Catholic teachers,or which would cripple the development of any extension of our Schools, Training Colleges and Sentinaries.

Mi. W.KILDITP's seconded. People said that Ciltholics did not understankthe Bible but they knew one 'passage of Scripture which',said : "Render unto Cesar the thlngs that are Cwsar's and unto God the things that are Gcd's," and they would be prepared to stand by that. Their claim was" Catholic schools for Catholic children." (Applause.) The resolution was carried unanimously. MR. MADDEN AND THE GOVERNMENT.

Mr.Maprart in the course of a long speech said Dr. Fox had thrown out a challenge and hiLwas not in the slightest degree afraid to accept it. Dr. 'Fox said he came there with some curiosity as to what would be said by those who took up a certain attitude during the last election. He (Mr. Madden) appealed to the records in the news- papers to show that the attitude taken up by the Irish Catholics of the town was plain and clear. Never once from first to last during the whole of that election did the Liberal party dare to introduce on the platform a single word on the Education question. (Applause.) He knew further that they were true and loyal to their compact with himself when he told them that if there was a man from the candidate or the President of the Liberal Association downwards who would dare to say one word against the principles that they were advocat- ing for Catholic education, Ile (Mr. Madden) would publicly contradict him on Mr. Crosfield's platform. Ho wondered how many men were ready to do the same thing to-morrow—to stand up on a platform in the midst of political friends or enemies and stand to their guns, no matter what others might say. They need have no fear as to what his (Mr. Madien's) Catholic attitude would be. He knew perfectly well that he as far as be could, extracted, along with other members of the Catholic body in Warrington, a promise from the Member as to what he would do on the question of Catholic Education. From want of Catholic organiza- tion in England, when the election was sprung upon the people, only at the last minute was the question settled by the Bishops leaving them to put questions to the candidates and please themselves how they voted, according as the answers of the candidates satisfied their consciences. If there had been that organization among the Catholics which there should have been, if they had been up and doing and if there had been more loyalty to one another and more sympathy and meeting together between the ecclesiastics and the prominent laymen of the Church, they would have had a•front that nothing could have stood against.(Applause.)He claimed his right as a Catholic layman to have his voice in the shaping of Catholic policy in this country and he was not going to be a party to any, election in which he was ordered to do this or that. Ho was going to exercise his rights as a.citizen. He had satAcient confidence in, himself to know that he would never do anything in the slightest degree to besmirch the beauty and the glory of the banner of their faith. (Applause.) In dis- eussiug the Catholic attitude they could not get rid of the fact that N per cent. or more of the Catholics were Irishmen and Irishwomen. Although

they were all Catholics, the 10 per cent. could not turn round on the 00 and say "You must subordinate all your views and political aspirations, all your ideas of civil government and your share in the government of the country, and give way to us and not have the courage to express your views." The Liberal party was the one to which the Irish, had been allied for many years, and from whom they had received great and signal service, and until a little bit of recent legislation in the shape of the Land Act he would ask whether, outside the religious question, a single meritorious Act had ever been done by the Con- servative party for the Irish people. The Conservative record was one of tyrinny and oppression in Ireland. They were the ones to drive out the people of Ireland till they came to this country, and that was wby they had 12,000 Catholics in ‘Varrington now. Catholics were as determined tc-day as ever they were, and on. the question of education they were the only ones who had shown any backbone. (Applause.) There was no compromise in the Irish character, and that was why the other day they rejected the miserable limitation of a Home Rule Bill. It was because there was no cempromise in their character that the claims of Rome and of the Catholic Church were safe in the hands which were now defending them. (Applause) Mr. Madden pleaded for a federation of Catholics. pointing out that at present they were a broken and and disintegrated mass. There should be one parent booty front which all the branches should draw their lifiblaod and they should work together. A poor, deluded creature had been found to bring into Parliament a Bill for the inspection of convents. Tbeir own common sense might tell them that if there was the slightest desire on the part of any of these women who had devoted themselves to the service of God, to escape from a confinement which they looked upon as imprisonment, there would have been no difficulty whit. ever in leaving the convents. The member for Warrington was asked whether be voted for or against the Bill, and it appeared that Mr. Crosfield did not vote as he Was not in the House at the time.

MR. CROSFIELD'S LITTER. In the coarse of a letter Mr. Crosfield said :—"On the day of the debate on the introduction of the Monastic and Conventual Institutions Bill I received a telegram from Warrington asking me how I had voted. I replied with a wire that I had not voted at all. . . . Iliad I been in the Hous• I should certainly have voted against the introduction of this Bill. May I just add a word or, two filltthar on this matter. Suppose some question arose about the inspection of say laundries in - Convents where work was done under conditions that clearly came within the regulations of Government, I think for the • protection of workers inspection might conceivably be quite justifiable in' such cases and I do not suppose for a moment our Catholic friends would take exception to that. As a supporter of trade unions I think I should feel it nry duty to support reasonable inspection of that kind if such a proposition were put before one. This Bill in the House the other 'day I regard as inter- ference with the private religious life of Catholics and I am therefore extremely sorry that the above men- tioned circumstances prevented me voting against it. I shall oppose it and feel sure it will be killed at its second reading." (Applause.) He (Mr. Madden) did not know what Mr. Crosfield was going to do. He would tell them candidly that Mr. Crosfield was no more to him than any other member of Parliament. Mr. Crosfield had kept his pikruise to the Catholics of this town, whatever the opinion might be about him as to whether he was a good member of Parliament or not. In the one essential thing as far as Catholics were concerned Mr. Crosfield bad kept his promise faithfully and loyally. Before Dr. Fox wanted to know what he (Mr. Madden and other gentlemen on the plat- form were going to do in future, he would ask him to go to the Catholic Bishops of England and to the Catholic Educatioa douncil, and ask them to organize the Catholic body, to agree to a programme and place it before them, and if they wanted the people to accept it, let some of them have seats on the Education Council so that that organisation might have the benefit of their experience and knowledge. (Applause). Mr. Madden dealt with the attitude of the Irish party on various questions, and said that no matter what dangers beset the Church and the education of the children, the sacred trust could not be in boiler or more faithful hands than it had been in the past. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19070629_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
AN APPEAL TO YOUNG MEN.

Councillor BURK' delivered an address on the work of the Catholic Young Men's Society. His plea was on behalf-of the young men of our great towns belonging to the Catholic body who had to live in an atmosphere which was not patholic. They had to face the fact that Catholics were a small minority of the ponulation of this country, and they ran a serious risk of losing the young men unless they were in a definite Catholic organization within the Church. The moment such an Education Bill RS had been mentioned received the assent of the King the Anglican Church would go to smash. In the great series of organizations known as Dissent there was nothing like a definite or clear conception of what Christianity was. Its latest freak was only what might have been expected in the person of their friend Mr. Campbell. Councillor Burke spoke of the impracticability of forming a Catholic party. He could not conceive a political organization composed of Catholics from the Duke of Norfolk down to the man who swept the streets. In these days when so many Catholics were trade unionists and allowed their repre- sentatives to go to the Congress and vote in favour of the secular solution the position were still more corn- ' plicated. What was wanted was an organization in which Catholics could meet together on the common ground of faith. Thera he would Imve no fear of Om ultimate result should they be called upon to vote at the ballot box. Party politics wore excluded from the Young Men's Society. The Catholic young men of Lancashire did not realize the responsibilities of citizenship, but they would if they were inside their society. (Applause). All the political parties had lost their moorings. The great party in this country called the Labour party, with which he was in thorough sympathy, belonged to the group known as the Socialists. The workingtnen in this country who belonged to the Catholic faith were nearly all in the trade unions and the trade unions were being dominated by the Socialists who were the fighting section in the party. Socialists averred that the only, solution of the Edueation question was the secular one and be had known Catholics stand up at the Congress and openly advocate that as the proper solution. There was a necessity for Catholics remaining in trade unions to permeate them with their Catholic prrinciples. (Applause). On the proposition of Mr. DELANEy, seconded by 31r. Rrcpv, and supported by Mr. G. Room', the following resolution was passed :—" This meeting recognizes the past work of the C.Y.M. Society, and considers that this organization has proved itself well qualified to undertake the various works spoken of Mr. Councillor Burke the vice-chairman of the C.Y.M.Society of Great Britain, and the meeting pledges itself to !ippon the society in their various undertakings, especially their registration section." Mr. Rigby mentioned that letters had been received from the Bishops of the diocese of Shrewsbury and Liverpool expressing their entire approval of the work of the society.

The speakers and chairman were thanked for their services on the proposition of the Rev. Father Bugging seconded by Mr. Boyle.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
Got What He Wanted.

At Wartington, on Wednesday, Daniel Marsh, who stated he came from Liverpool, was charged with attempting to obtain by false pretences a quantity of picture postcards and cigarettes from the shop of Henry\ Richard Horobin, newsagent, Sankey-street. On Tuesday afternoon prisoner went into the prose- cutor's shop and asked to be slypwn some postcards. He selected a number of cards, and afterwards asked for an ounce of cigarettes, which were supplied. When asked for payment he said he had paid for what he had purchased. Afterwards he refused to leave the shop and created a disturbance. In answer to the charge at the Police Station he said he created a bother to be locked up. The Chairman (the Mayor, Alderman Smethurst) said his request would be granted, and he would have to go to gaol for three months.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION.

Pupil Teachers' Examination.

The following is the ,result of the examination of pupil teachers who sat for part 11. of the preliminary examination for the certificate, 1907. Passed with Distinction.—Ethel Bunch, elementary mathematics and science ;. Annie G. Edgar, geography, elementary mathematics, elementary science and, French; Ethel B. liindley, geography; Margaret C. Simcock, English language and literature, history, geography and elemealtry matheipatics ; Elsie M. Win- shill„ history ; Percival It. Baster, English language and literature and history ; Stanley C. Jones, history, georgraphy, elementary mathematics and elementary science; Edward J. Mee, elementary science; Jack Whitehouse, elementary science. Passed.—Violet Bradshaw, Frances J. Corney, Janet A. Dewar Grace A. Harter, Ethel A. Hollingsworth, Kate S. Isbervrood, Flora Norton, Mary Sexton, Alice I. Shearer, Jessie Smallwood, and Florence Warbarton.

Out of 21 who at 20 -%%,:e-ie-S-t;c;;;;fulin passing.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
E • i I t 1 A 4.clg. ablolot,t,lse of makes Lemonade. ritually good as • '0 A HOT DRINK mere for Supper. Try it! Lemonade

INFECTIOUS RASH ON MOLE FAMILY

Father, Mother, and Two Girls Covered with an Ugly, Pimply Rash—Baby Covered from Crown to Sole—Thought She Would Die —Tried Every Kind of Ointment.

AT LAST COMPLETELY CURED BY CUTICURA

"Myself and two little children were covered with a red pimply rash, and it was so itchy. I had tried every oint- ment it was possible to get. Until I tried the Cuticura Ointment, it was the first relief we got. I was afraid to go near a doctor for fear of him making a fuss, as of course I knew it must be infectious, for I took it first, then one little one, and then the others and finally, my husband. I used about twelve or thirteen boxes Cuticura Ointment, but that wasn't much considering all I had to do with it. My own arms and be- tween my fingers, on front of shins and between my toes, were completely cov- ered with an ugly, itchy rash, and my youngest little girl was covered from crown to sole. I thought she would have died. She was only a year and two months at the time. My eldest wasn't so bad, but had enough. Thanks to the Cuticura Ointment, we are com- pletely cured, and I shall recommend the Cuticura Remedies to my friends. Mrs. Grieve, Donaghmore Co., Tyrone, Feb. 12 and Feb. 19, 1906."

===== 0002601_19070629_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
DISFIGURING

Humours, Eczemas, and Itchings Cured by Cuticura.

The agonizing itching and burning of the skin, as in eczema; the frightful scaling, as in psoriasis; the loss of hair and crusting of scalp, as in scalled head all demand a remedy of ex- traordinary virtues to successfully cope with them. That Cuticura Soap, Oint- ment, and Fills are such stands proven by testimonials of remarkable cures when many remedies and even physicians have failed. Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour of Infants, Children, and Adults consists of Cuticura Soap to Cleanse the Skin, Coil- cum Ointment to Heal the Skin, and Cuticura Re- solvent Pills (Chocolate Coated) to Purify the Blood. A Single Set often Cures. Sold throughout the world. Depots: London. 27. Charterhouse Sq.: Par, 5, Rue de la Paix: Australia, R. Towns dz Co., Sydney; Potter Drug & Chem. Corp., Sole Props. ViiirPost-free, Cuticura Book on Skin Diseases.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
BEST FAMILY MEDICINE

WORSDELL'S Kaye, s Pills. In Use 100 years. Are. certain cure for Indigestion, Biliousness, Beulatas, mug i a. Constipation, Liver and Kidney Complaints, Lc. invalaible for IllsolSerl Of all Chemists, 1/11i, 219, and 4/6 per box, Sr on recrrptl of amount 13, St. George's, Norwich.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
TOOTH-ACHE

• CURED INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S Prevereep Decay 4 Sleepless Nilthytes s Extraction, Prevented. NEURALGIA, HEADACHE, NER VINE Land all NERVE PAINS removed by BUNTER'S NERVINE. All Stores, 18. Jill. or receipt of amount 13, Sr. GEORGES STREET, IgGswicii. "As &specific of Toothache it has sze equal, I have used it eueceesfullr for rsars."—Paov.W Wtteor. MD.

SOLD makrvugas at Is. 11d., 2s. 9d.,48.64., and /Is

u Atb • 46----iis LU NG ITO tsIjC9O...M. ___

,S

A . ;:. 4

et' orfr

t

===== 0002601_19070629_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
-am:s-

Ylc,Ll

CURES wheft all other Remedies fail IT ACIS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens an 4 Removes all hard callotatleB un LO9 soles ot the feet. It vou suffer try a box, you wi I never regret it. Boxes 1/I,i. of ell Chemists. M. Beetham 4fc Sons Chemist Cheltenham MERRY WEATHER'S

HIGH-CLASS GARDEN HOSE.

62, LONG ACRE, LONDON.

Largest makers of High-class Hose in the world.

B 41 PILLS are warranted to cura, inaitter sex, all acquired for constitutional uisqharges from tbs Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. I, r.e from Mercury. Bstabßelled upwards of Su years. In boxes 4s. ea. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.— Advt.

To MOTHERS.--Mrs. WirisLow's Soothing Syrup Las been need for over fitly years by millions of mothers for their childral while teeLliing, with perfect success. IL will relieve the poor 'offerer irome.tiately. IL is pleasant Lo LseLe ; and produces oatmeal (inlet sleep, oy relieving rtv,, child trum pal& and the little Cherub awakes as brigut a a buiLoa all Utiernitts Is. ltd. per boLtle.—Anvt.

- ,•'-'

===== 0002601_19070629_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19070629_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
i 1 I t 1 ' t I I , , ' : I ' .F . t i t , i i , s .!:-.. 1 ~ i 1 , ~ i ,

===== 0002601_19070629_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070629_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
ebt eramintr Oates

OF WEBK-lIND NEWSPAPHISS COMPRISES : :Pith WARRINGTON MID-OFIRSRIRB EXAMINER. 1 published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh Winwick. Palgate, Lvmm. &a., being ne of the Lartfast and B•st Weekly Papers in Lanes- shire and Cheshire. The dist.iet covered by this Paper corn- crises *large trading and agricultural tract in South Lance- phire and Mid-Cheshire. MIIR RUNCORN MUMMER. published every Saturday 1 morning. It is the best weekly loaner in the Town and District, end offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. rr-rB WIDNES REA.MTNER published every Saturday 1 morning. Widnes contains the Isrgest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom. and is a ss-streif ininstrv. Trig IFC4TUAIRTOW IP Awn TiIIiWTOV ISX4.IYIUStRR, L oubliahei every Ratiriav morning The Largest Local Paner containing the News of Rariestown, Newton-le- Golhorne. Havlock, Lowton. &c. The diatric" thus mo-ia ks -11 -no le, it ntr.; th L ah;re coal - )1..

rr"l4 ST. HRTAINS nnhlished every Saturday mnrninir, nirenleting In St. Helens. Present , rem Rntton. Pesslev - -the centre of the Gls's. (ThemiYal end Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

I REPAM A PVTRTTSFIMFINTS. APARTVRVTi WAVTEr. HOUSES WEINTRD.

APARTMRNTS TO LTIT.

'HOMES TO BR SOLD.

A1r91T1T.,2V4 LOST. WricIrTRT,T,AVIS(ITTRIW A Tarß . ARTTOLBS TenUNT). I&ISORLTAIcROU4 RAT,I44 . Ono ThrP9 RIK Thirtenn Words. WAf* Wen', a . Wf.Pl,ll. IR n, Si. ... In, AA. ... PR. Mi. ... 38. 9(1. 97 ... 0.. Rd ... la. rd. ... An. 01. ... fin. od. 2g „, In. nn. ... 2. RA. ... 4... Ad. ... Ss. r'4. 46 ... la AA, ... As. lA, .., R., flrl. ... 70. 0. 64 ~. 1. RI. ... 7.1. 9e. ... S. ncl. ... 10g. nd

===== 0002601_19070629_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
Montegtfr iberlinntg, etr.

0011 Wrmq fn.. vocw, n'sWARAL. onA ab'. to Wash, -T. go l rOprono...-4R votr.3l,av r., Ronnorn.

y(1"wel MO f3Pne-.1 vvq."t.,l no-nfnrfAhle home 5,mq.39. High rd., WillAgeen Grn.n Lon4nn.

CRRVU'O'rq.—All &A.-pa winto,l TZ-nf to,rlnn.-5 WITTTRR, P. CII-Arlton T,on 'on

WANTI'D enniz_rptvgn of th,pa —apply with ro,Preno,* to w. 17 Dutton st... Anorington

W A VTR° Rt PICTIPTIOMPIAI (3."TqUP L : refe"enn,, Cppnveqvg, 37, Antt *t.,

AlCrTnn pnnri G 1,11112.14 T,. nnno3 smstll fATrilly 111 rin.faca —4A.rrtra.ro. 2. Crlow et. Fltnnkon-t

W A "RP"nni aT/wfuI?Y.FIRRV f Rlon ITRT, sebniit Ig.—WrTl,'AMß4.Tlntt,ni n"h' (rd)am.

NIVAIoTTM a vra/".f, leV,RlartA r, ania ”.e4 rwthil, n.p- forrei.—A poly CorLYE,O4 REST Tref Firs bine teif..b.

WCRTUTI +lt onAe I^o RPPI, I, VT7. sill 11,4ifsag 711, et, TINA. to w-ite to -1-IoT.T'R. 33. Follthstr rrL. 11/Folgy.ol.

WANPTIP gonerinr rlovcrnß4r, for fq,—.llv nf twn. R.". —3l P. FATTICTOVOR 16.Rn1lwav ri. Leigh. LaneAphire

W&VTR n, ennel Illtv RR %T. poik ne, with 18.1 f n children; hnuipro%l4 /ran'. —Ono 'N. Ottlrliatti

ITrms4m,

CIUNTVI.T, FiVeRVINT NTRT). —91n1,31 mio,fea foirnrp V -11- rn chlitiron —CPNWAY H. ANDRlMil,Wflhindn rri.. EastbnurnA

WANTED Strnncr qR,ORR birn;lv tss, onol refer- enee.—A. TWIG 6 Mersey rd.. Ashton-on-Mersey,near Manch,ster.

INT ANTED thoronghl, olPan Girl. AR OrMK.GUNT RR ; wage and reterenee ; housemaid kept. —26, Pnisrcit'a AT., Southport.

WANTWO et. one" PL about 18 no General. Gnn.i hnmo for suitable girl. Reference requirei.—Virs. HARGRAVES 38 King et., Sonthport.

WANTED gool GRNERAL.—AppIy with rAfe-ences to Mrs. SMITH Sun`3earn Fisheries, Stockton Heath. Warrington.

WANTBII, exrerie,ce4 GIUNRRAL, at ones: no wathing. Apply Mrs. BEnirArr, 12, Betfield rd., Dld.bury Manchester.

WANTRD GENRRAL SERVANT; plain cook, hake. w.sh ; good referencee.—Mrs. PEARSE, Rowan Cottage, Bornley.

AYRS. BROMAGR. 71, Brighton It.. Fleacombe. requlres IRS. all classes or Domestic Servants with good characters. Gootwages

-4 VATANTRD COOKS, Honeemsilds, Nuress, and Gen 4.4,041 ; good waops.—Mrs. L4wslx'a,6B. Lynwood rd., off St. Bilma's rd., Tilmckhurn.

WANTRI).—EIRRVANT4 001 eilitsP.), to writo f,r tThv'es send strimp.4envelope for reply.—Hoves RFOTSTRY, 38, Poem!! rd.. Edfter)ool.

WANTED, gond GENERAL for mall family ;' frooA wages and refereneee.—Anply 23. WELLINGTo N BD Heaton Chapel. near Stoekrort.

WANTED, gnod GENERAL SERVANT, thre- in family; weshiny and ennkftw ; r.ferences required.—Apply SO. CASTLE HILL, Hindley. Wigan

WA NTFI). gond GRFRRILTS sne Young Gies ; wow] wßre9 stiffed free.—M leg MANLEY, Grosvenor Registry, 21, Poghton st., Font,bnort.

QIIRVANTS.—AII re/Intim! altnatnn fn Londnn and enhurbs ohonl3 write 95. RIPM-GFIA.M RD., London. Afpnev. All classes of servants wanted.

WANTFII good ormerit.neeA Gltif 3 gRAL In smsll frn v ; Tr nst have gnrd refereuces. NFL9TRoP, lame Cottage, D•venport, Par*, gtockno-t.

WANTRT).—Trustwortby person as nsefol h4r. Abstainer ; no dalrv; comfortabTo borne ; good wages. —BowYER, Moss Riad Farm. Bracknell, B.rks.

WANTRI), GIRL for farm able to milk ; gnol wage to sultab'A gdrl.—Qtate p+triPr'encP and wage rPqulred to T. WRITRHEAI), nhATTIOrk Richard, Chnopy,

WANTRD COOK-GB[9IOIAL lit once. or girl ta train as 'wt.Oncl wagPs. Mother's Help kept.—Apply Mrs. WitxtTssoss, Goods h AV? Vicaras,.. RAvrtens'all.

WANTRD, gory] C44iNvtlAt at once ; able to wath ; three in family ; P-olemtant; reference requlrKl. The. H. PICKEPSTAFF. 16 Remick rd.. Ft. Helen..

TVRE.I. MOT) reqnfres manv gond 'lnd nTin (MINS H.M. Waitresseq, Howlemal-18, anperior G.nerßls and under sArrants.--SELA:CT REITEITRV. Rneholme, Winchester.

-wr 74773 M, VXPRRTRIV(IIIII GIMRRA.I., STOW IRT tyro In family; ro wathlnc• ; help chair ; go l eharaafer inclimensable.—Apply Dr. CURRIE, 9, High st., La's, nem' Oldhßm.

UPARTO R riPnPralb, Conk—Generilp. Housernafcia. Waftreenc. 'Wanted. Immediately ; (cues TAM ; Rood wager! ; no delay.—Write Miss NEvrror, Great Unrierbink, Stockport

WANTPD GRNPRAL, early in Anyne, clean aryl res. pectable. for family of three. Comfortable home to one capable et taking all .dotlee.-16, HOOTON RD., Aintree Liverpool.

WANTBD gool GfiIITRRAT., early riser; 'tee references, w.was Es 81.; abOalner.—Apply Mr.. PRooroa, Brentwood House, 4, lyldslev term*, prom -nade, Blackpool.

WANTRD. respectable trorm young OWNRRAL ; good referencss r.nd linme end g o wsges.—Anniv or Rddress " SPRINGFIELD," Et. David's rd., Sonth, St Annes-nn-clee..

WANTICO.. URRPTIL HRT,P; /wed 2 to 35; all duties (eoolcitag fnhluded); as.istanea given ; washiruz Prit onr ; highest referennee recrared.—Mr. ALLISON. Ogden rd , Bratohl,ll, ChesbirP.

ITT ANTlin. HOTTREM NID-W 4ITRICSIg, smirt ; state age, %saves and references; abstainer ; end home.—Appiy Mrs. runcTnn 4. Tvldsley terrace. Brentwood House, promenade, Blackpool.

WANTItr), COOK-G 9,114114.1., (exneriennecl) ; Church- w•nnin ; three In fArrllly ; hnwornaint kept; good rgerAne.s inAisnensnble.—Mrs. BROUGHTON, Recicate, Heaton Merger, Manchester.

ANTRD, ilifnation aa ROITS4KICHP CR 0 Rlderlv WV lady or gentlornan ; pond plain cm*. vegetarian or otherwirP ; clfan and rellahlo ; 'lngle woman ; good refit M. S., 110, Rochdale Road, To4morden.

BARMAID recrired July 2?n4. lixeellett. home, duties liwht. Must have gooi references. Th-ung lady witbo-t home, of good family. willing to learn bar dnti.s will be considered. Ftate age experiehce &c.—Tteplv C., "Ifxaminer" Office. Warrington.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
arm be 'Krt.

PRNICRTH.—GOOD IfOI7SIN WITH CIARDRNS, 3s. 9d per week. also Cottages as. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. Ivy toDGE.PPOGHALL LANA. re.luced rent. 55. wASH T ANB M'LLPITRERT. OFTPTCHq.groind floor. Also upper rooms 41, T4R/gr Ro an, rent, 4s. 9d. per week. CIORNRB SHOP 2, School Brow, reduced rent ss, 6d. P.' week. 67, (14,1”.114R1N14 S' R RAT. rent. 3s. 6,1. Din' week. 4. WRLT,TWIToN STRUBT. r.nt 51. Bd. per week. 48. I3HORLBY STRI4NT, rent 4s. Sd. per week. APPIV BABERT Lowg, %We skgent.No. t Bank-street War- flnirton. Telephone—No 55.

rro MIT 17, POLLY LitNl4.—Apply Woons & SON Bo'Willy... Borgernork.t Fitrept, Warrington.

TIC O LET. LARGH WORHHOP onitable for joiner. Olen and dry —Apply RIGBY, 40, Church at., Warrington.

TO LET, NOUSB. Konteford rd. Beautified throughout. Bent £l7. Apply Jas. B. ALDRILD. Leigh Villas, Grappenhall.

TMO LIIT.—GOOD HOUSE. Hopwood et. •, 3 bedrooms rett ss. 6d.—Apply WooDs & Sow. Solicitors, Horse- market it. '

PllO LBT GOOD ROUSH. Parker street. rent 351. month 1 clear, will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODS & 90w, golfoltnrs. Wgrrinstnn.

LBT HOUSB, Alexandra-terraoe, Stag Brides. Walton, two Pntkrtainisig-roome, bath, h. and c. water through- out ; rent 7e. 9d. °Nat.—Apply to W. A. ILNALIE, Blaney id.. Warrington,

EZlatittb.

NVANTBD Several DAIRIBF. of NBW THOMAS, Arundel at., Wigan.

I) LIiELTHI4R Wanted from furnishers, Ace. ; sample / and prioe.—LitAcn. 253 A. Beekton rd., Plaistow.

wANTED BITORKS near Whelpince. any breed. for prompt elsh.-oLivin. Park Kennett, Cradley Heath.

1864 PP NNT RS Wanted at 5d eacb.—ltDGaß dealer in Coins, OstaToque or Coins Illustrated. 7'.-144. Kensington High et., London, W.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0064.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11

===== 0002601_19070629_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4,

===== 0002601_19070629_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
Otbital

4 VITO on. pind only Hair Grower. Beni 7d.--J.LlNmmr., *1 148 IA St., tiOnenn.

DRAFrcris 4s.—Medical Specialist's Remedy. Is.. post free. —395 gave naPogi P. Itanehester.

LI CZ 6'; MA . Sure. ettge cam Recaps and list free.— FA gtonn-nn—Toes.

1311.16 S.—Send seven stamps for splendid recipe. Sma onst.—Fliorrnisnis. 587, Abbeydale rd ,Sheffield.

HARIAN'A HEALTH PILLS for Stomsteh disorlers ; le 2. DOWSPTT 117).. TOttenhATll,

Ottlqollll,—Vlolot Leaf Treatment. 8 page pamphlet. Vi Alrlrefe.4l pnve'ope.—Jninrsoir. 14. Cave et.. Boletol.

ARAW MAR —Fend stamp for free sample BAsiwritys Town Co.. Shepherd's Bush. London. W.

TNDIGIiSrioN. Conetiptaion Cure. without drugs Partiou- -1 fere. Ip.—.T i'.6 -rnmrnuel, et. Mirditown.MenchPetor.

PCZEA.I A.—A WONDERFUL DISCOVERY. 114 Many pereons Ftre to-day suffering from so-called ia,urable /lcz-ma or other skin complaint. Thousands have been treated by leading skin specialists and at principal skin hospitals without receiving any permanent benefit. I Guarantee to one the most Obstin!ste Cases.

_ A postcard will bring to you full particulars of my mar- vellous remedy together with a large free sample to prove the legitimacy of my easement. State if suffering from dry or running eczema and of what duration. Thousands have been cured by my simple aryl Inca pensive treatment, arid have sent unsolicited testimonials In acknowledgment of their gratitude. Poorrosou DONALD MACHENSIN (Principal Laboratory) 14, Talbot rd., Bayswater. London, W.

CILOVIIIS.—Direct from factory. bend for price llst.—A. l..fi GZNT, North End. Potters Bar.

VOR Wholesale Prim List of 34d ,and 40. hazier goods 12 write Scatur, Market, Leeds.

DAINTY Lace Pianoltops and Sideboard covers, 2s. each. —Lem 112 Munster rd'. Fruit-Jam.

STHONG Van also quantity of DAiry Shop Furniture.— 73, BELMONT an.. West Green. Tottenham.

EXITNIT positively exterminates all Nits. Drandrnff, &c.12.4 Under cover, 64.—Hoin, 72, Paget et., Cardiff.

100 N2vsg L2Ls.P3rc:n t e4oCuagr.rd.s PoßrEBBl3l:aTtakd*em. atocw... le. 3d.;

lOR COMM FORMULA.—Secrets revesled ; economical ; 2s. P. 0.0.; worth pounds.—TavLon Oburwell. Leeds.

AMATEURS.—Send 6d stamps f,r specimen sheet •Traie. Receipts and Elecrets.'—HuarLaY, 4 Hosier lane, WC,

SILVRR3HINE Plate Polish; liquid ; absolutely the beet; Boz. bot is.. or wholesale.—Jottz., whlnhurch, Hants.,

SHOPK RHPIIRS' good aelllng lines, 3 doz Retorted le. 6d poet free.—Lnmr.Ev,Colernan et.. Wolverhampton.

U, BMPIRB World renowned Tailor made Vienna cloth dress skirts. Black and navy, stylish, perfect fitting garments; a wonder to the trade; unrivalled value. Bend waist measure, length, and ss. Ild, for sample skirt, car. paid; satisfaction guaranteed, or money returned.

21/. BMPIRB SBT OP BkßYLlNßN.—Disinty, wide, serviceable ; well made garments. 52 articles 21e. carriage paid. Satisfaction absolutely guaranteed or cash returned.—WOOD BROS.. Mitnufaeturers, 6, Hough Terrace, Bmmley, Leeds.

4R(sellantous, uij 'a!t, etc.

CABINBT CO PIM, any photo you send. 2s. 61.; dozen 3s. 9d : postage 2d.—WoonALL. Bur wash.

WE absolutely guarantee to elesr your house of beetles for 131.—BILyER5IDES.Newbiggln. Malton.

WE PLEASE THE LADIES. - Solid everlasting perfume. P.O. 6d.—lNsTow, 22, Berry st.. Viroroester.

MUSIC.-12 copies full-size assorted Music, is. post free.— ' STAR' OFFICE, Hucknall Torkard, Notts.

CA.SH lIRGISTKR.—Cost 45 guineia, nearly new, accept 30 guineas.— NiALING, 766, Harrow rd., London.

Q FOR is --New !fourfold Linen Collars, Fronts, Ties; t../ Gent's and Bos.—PaauoE. Tontine at ,Manley. 10111111 —lOO Stamps (Catalogued. 2s. 6d.) to persons send- J. for approwsl aheets.—WlNG, Pdainridge, Boston.

ORYL4ON TwA.-2s. lb.; 14s. earn ptid.-ImPguitr, 1: TEA PLANTING CO., 3 and 4, Bury Court, St. Mary Axe.

PRIVATK AGIMICS.—Ladies or gentlemen ,town or village. Immediate easily-earned income atrANANTBECT, CllMU- lative. new, indispensable, household novelty. ' Best invention of the year.' writes a Patent Expert. Commission. one third. Sells at sight, and in numbers, to every house- holder, hotel, public institutlon, &c. Friends alone take quantities. Special terms, wholesale. Sample. post free, 71. (cash refunded if returned), or illustrated lists, one stamp. bole control may be 'enured for district.—Address naming paper, PATENT/MS, 186 Sutherland Avenue. London.

fottlO, OpOro, Zoariltno egtabg.

D NIDLINGTON.-01tESCHNT PRIVATH HOTEL, over-: _IJ looking sea and Prince's Parade; sea view every window; from be. day.—Mrs. BROOKS.

B GLIM HOUSE, Bushmills, Ireland.—Comfortable JO BOARD and LODGINGS at above address; terms mcderate.—Apply DANIEL JAMIE3Og, mounted rural postman*

DLACKPOOL—APARTMENTS.—AIre. THOMAS HILL (of floohdaN), 8, Hornby rd., off Centrid Drive.

BLACK POOL.—AYMITANNTS, near T.R. St4tion and sea, la. each person.— tre. JONE., 38. High et, Piano.

DLACKPOOL.—Idrs. BRAw, 37, Hull rd.; near sea, Central btation. and amusements.

BLACKPOOL.—Public and Private. es. two persons board 4e. 6d. Pieno.--Virs. SHFPEIgRb. 23 Lord et.

BLACK POOL.— APARTMINT3 (public, aid private) near station and rea.—WonmaLL, 29,0ocker st. North Hbore.

BRAY.—APARTHRNTS, facing sea; doubled-bedded rooms ; £1 awl 15s. per week ; use of sitting-room and attendance free.—Mrs. Knots, Harbour View, Esplanade.

apartmentsl, furnisbeb flouses, etc paIGHTON. . BOARD lIRSIDENCE 188.; furnished APARTMEINTS ; moderate, stamp —T., 25. Chester.

LAVGOLLEEI.—APARTIURNTS. public or private; 14 board optional ; beds from 2s. two persons.—Mrs WILMA:Va. Woodyille House (near Station).

MOKIVJAMBIR (Central) one minute from the sea ; bath and piano.—Mrs. ToWNLET, 33 Huston rd.

ft ORBOAMBH, f-lEYEitlli,fr, Sea View House, _AL 4, Windsor Terrace, aandylands.—Public and Private Apartments.

DHYL.—Comfortable APARTIthNTs near sea, public—Or private.—HUß.T GRICISO, Butterton rd.

1.) HYL.—Olean, Respectable APAILTMIiN CS. centrally It situated; happy surroundings; home.-18. VALE ED,

OSIJALL BRACH, near Ulevelevs.—APAljTMENlB In comfortable quiet ho:ne. Sea, and country. Bath, etc. —FIRTH, " Woudroyd."

Q MITE'S RA —Bright. pleasant, Mirolebeit rooms ; corner 0' house. near gen.—trillions, San Weimar. t.lephone 4452.

QUNNY DEGANWY near Llandudno APARTMENTS 1.1 near Shore and Station.—Mrs. HILL, 2 West View.

Imrses, IBoqs, Elbe tnrk Srr.

(AN SALE two horses abut 16 band, suit coal dealer.— Anply Jos. Owitx 45 GlazPhrook At , Warrington.

it gritulturai Vrobure, ilitantg, Szt

3nveztinents, i'bare 5 Su.

fIAFIC or COMMNRCIAL HOTlOL.—Snecessfol start with small TOMLIN9',N Bull it.. Birmingham .

===== 0002601_19070629_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt aminer alrfes

rilaß WARRINGTON & EXAVIINRIt published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Piper for Warrington, Stockton Heath. Penketh, Winwick. Padgate, Lvmm, Lte., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- sbfre and Cheshire. The district coveret by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in ,t.outh Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire.

TR RUNCORN HX4MINBR, published every Saturday R morning. It le the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the beat and cheapest facilities to Advertisers.

WIDNES EXAMINER. published every Saturday 1 morning. Widnes contains the largest nnmber of chemical works of any town in the iCingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry.

/FHB HAALRSTOWN AND NRWTON EX4.MINHR I published every Saturday morning The Largest Loca Paper containing the News of Harlestown, Newton-le Willows, Golborne, Haydock. Lowton. drc. The district tha comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire cJal fields

THE ST. HRLIVIS EXAMIN tin published every Sturdy morning teirculating in St. fieleas, Preston Parr. Sutton, Peasley Cos. &c.—the cPntre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID A DVERTPIENIFCNTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUEI3 WANTED.

APARTURNTS TO LET.

HOUSES TO BR SOLD.

A.RTIOLHS LOST. ARTICLUS FOUND.

3.I(SOELLVIHOUS WAUTS MISOHLLANEOUS SALE

ARTICLBS oir ASSOCIATION. One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 6d. ~. Is. 3d. ... Es. 0;1. ... ?s. 91. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... 38. Od, ... ss. Od. 38 ... le. Oki. ... Es. 6d. ... 4e. Od. ... es, CA. 45 ... is. 3d. ... 3e. Id. ... 51. Od. ... 71. Od. 54 ... is. Bd. ... 31. Bd. ... 81, Cd. ... 101. Od

===== 0002601_19070629_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
.' ...sesig;;;Iiii1111111.1" . -,-.,2:.... ' ,_. , •;- ' •

===== 0002601_19070629_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
The plan for dealing with THE HOUSE the House of Lords, which OF LORDS. the Government since the

collapse of the Education bill last December has hal in preparation, is now Put before the country. The hon. member for 'Warrington, who on Wednesday distinguished himself in the happiest of maiden speeches, stated the fundamental issue before the House succinctly enough—" the pith and essence of the govern- loot's proposal amounted to this—that after due Precautions against hasty legislation, but with- out undue or dangerous delay, the will of the people must be allowed to prevail.'' The chronic hostility of the Lords to plebian tequirements is after all at the very root of this grave question, and the PRIME VENT , in hie speech to the House of Commons on Monday, did not conceal the point of view from which he -his colleagues regard the Upper Chamber. heir main complaint against the House of Lords lie its inherent hostility to Liberal or Radical legislation. That hostility has, they claim. 1/`l,ell demonstrated to the full during the trisklort life of the present Parliament. Sir 4-IENTItv CA.MPBELL :13A.NNERMAN was at SOMA Pains to prove his contention by a series of corn Darisons as to the action of the Upper Ho ise during those', periods in which a Conservative Government has been in power and those when the party which he now leads has held the reins of office. He instanced the comparatively Phott time allowed to the Peers by the late Governm)nt, and azquiesced in by their Lordships,for the considers- tloo. 0f such important measures as the E.-location Act of 1902 and the Licensing Act which followed Prom these examples he deduced, noti Unfairly, the argument that the functions of the Upper House, ad interpreted under a onservative Government,'were not precisely the as those which were exercised during R -Liberal rogime. The 'argument does not need elaboration. It represents what is undoubtedly the strong feeling of Liberals throughout the country, and its justice has not been denied by many Peers of Unionist persuasion, who have "ggested methods by which the permanent character of the party majority in the Hinge of 1-I,°rds might be mitigated or removed. Mr 15ALPourt, in his reply to the Premier, denied that the argument against the House of Lords was Elt/engthed by the action of the Uppor Chamber On the 'Education Bill last year. Indeed, he declared, the fate of the Bill had not aroused in the country the indignation which the Govern - Merit desired to represent.

The immediate matter of concern, however, is llot the actual constitution of the House of Lords Iteelf. In that the Government is not at present 'leePly interested. Its object, as declared in the tesolution moved by the Premier, was to secure that the will of the people, as expressed by the lionse of Oommons, should prevail. What is the method by which it proposes to accomplish this end ? A bill is to be introduced in the House of Commons, and it is to go in the usual way to the trlpPer Chamber. If it is there rejected, a small continence of Members of both Houses is to be tailed, which will endeavour to arrive at Some agreement in which the two Houses may be able to acquiesce. If this conference, eowever, fails, the Government would be enabled after a period of not less than six months to eintroduce the bill in the Commons, pass it through that House by a drastic closure, and send again to the House of Lords. If it is still 113131305 ed in that Chamber a second conference may ,ue called ; and if again there is failure to find a °leeis of agreement the whole process may be tePeated a third time, with the difference that on this occasion the House of Commons will have Polver to pass the bill into law over the heads of the Peers. The plan is unquestionably com• heated, and to the more valiant spirits on the Ministerial side may appear to be an Illlnecessarily long-drawn-out method of dealing :91th:the Upper Chamber. The succession of con- Lerences gives to the scheme an appearance of e°llcession to the Peers which does not suit the ttetePer of many of Sir HENRY CAMPBELL- -1141/NERMAN'S followers. They, like the Labour „,artY, would have preferred the direct method of 'uolition. As Mr. CROSFIELD reminded the House ,(34 Wednesday so moderate a man as Mr. MORLEY Wrote many years ago that he had no very great °°..? of Second Chambers. thtgut if their wishes have not been gratified in t direction, the Government has propounded a ala Which if it were carried into its full effeet

===== 0002601_19070629_art0070.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

_ .1

===== 0002601_19070629_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.• ,

===== 0002601_19070629_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
would, unquestionably, produce the result they desire. A strong Government elected on a wave of popular feeling would be able under this scheme to enforce its will `upon the House of Lords with- out question. Looked at in that light, the veto of the House of Lords under this resolution must disappear entirely, provided the Government of the day is strong enough to control its supporters, and to keep them in line in the face of such compromises as may be suggested during the passage of any bill through Parliament. The real point which the/country has, therefore, to consider is that in effect the proposal of the Government, given these conditions, for the erection of a single Chamber legislature. The House of Lords will become an advisory body, whose advice may or may not be taken, according as the Government desires. Whatever the merits or demerits of the Housell of Lords as a legislative body may be—and few people deny the need for reform—the country will have to consider very carefully a proposal which involves so great and drastic a constitutional change as this. Apparently, the scheme of the Government is to be made a test question at the next General Election. There is plenty of time, therefore, for a full and careful study of the effect which it will produce, not merely upon the next Parliament, but upon the Parliaments. of generations to come. That all Liberals will not agree to it is evident from the criticism to which several Members on the Ministerial side have already subjected it.

In cricket parlance, and to THE MEMBER'S quote Mr. Crosfiold himself, MAIDEN EFFORT. he has at last "made a stroke off his own bat.' We congratulate him most heartily on behalf of W-arrington Liberals on the maiden speech which , he delivered in the House on Wednesday evening. It was a good speech and 'a characteristic speech —temperate in tone and appealing to the reason- ing faculties of the hon. members, who listened attentively, and applauded heartily the various points made by the debutant. It would probably surprise Mr.Crosfield if he could witness the great pleasure felt among his constituents at the fact that he haE. at last "caught the Speaker's eye." They have admitted his contention in the past that there was far too much talking in the House, but with truly human contrariety they have hoped that he would lot his voice be heard in the historic chamber. We should not

like to say that Mr. Crosfield's speech on the House of Lords came as a bombshell to War- rington, because bombshells do not usually con- vey a pleasant "surpriso,—which the news of Thursday morning undoubtedly did. Everybody, except perhaps the bitterest and most disapplinted of Conservatives, is delighted and hopes the Mem- ber will say some more. Evan the man in the street —discontented individual as he generally is—has a pat on the back ready for Mr. Crosfield, who has atoned somewhat for the scarcity of his visits to the "good old town." We should all like to see him, more than ever now that he has com- menced to actively and vocally represent Warring- ton in the counsel a of the nation, and if he is not too closely engaged settling the fate of the House of Lords, we hope he will pay a visit to his con- stituents very soon.

The Guardians do not THE GUARDIANS appear to have relished the AND rife recent decision of the CLARKE CASE. magistrates. in dismissing

James Clarke, charged witli neglecting to maintain himself. It will be remem- bered that Clarke had been employed while in the Workhouse to do odd jobs at painting, and in the Police Court it was admitted by an officer of the Union that "defendant probably made £1 a week more than he cost the Guardians." This statement had obviously a lot to do with the dis- missal of the case. The Guardians were not satisfied and instructed the Clerk to make inquiries with a view to securing a mandamus directing the Warrington Bench to convict Clarke. At the meeting of the Board this week, the Clerk presented a statement on the case in which he up- held the legality of the decision of the magistrates, and pointed out that Clarke was not a burden to the ratenayers because it was admitted that he earned more than his living while in the Workhouse. Mr. Sutton also presumed on his privileged position as an ernert in Poor Law administration to advise the Guardians not to put such men as Clarke in employment by which they came into competition with the workmen in the town who had to contribute to the rates nut of which these men were relieved. The Clerk's advice is in the nature of a very proper admonition for the Guardians appear to have misunderstood their functions as" employers " of the inmates who come to them for support and relief. There is a certain clam of employment for Workhouse inmates, which should not be varied from without very good reason. In this case it was distinctly ungenerous of the Guardians to avail themselves of Clarke's skill as a painter and then prosecute him for neglecting to maintain himself. No wonder, as a result, they find themselves very uncomfortably situated.

There is a touch of sadness HEALTH OF THE about the annual report on BOROUGH. the health of the Borough

which has just been issued, for in its opening sentences reference is made to the lamented death of Dr. Gornall, whose reports were always such models of lucidity and contained a mass of highly valuable information. In the circumstances the duty of preparing the report for 1906 has devolved upon Dr. Prudence E. Gaffikin, the acting medical officer,with the help of the staff, and she explains: " It is unavoidably less full, and more impersonal than in previous years; but, as we hope, a record of the faithful work done by the good man whose loss we do much deplore." Several features of great interest and importance to the well-being of the community are touched upon. The increasing prevalence of the use of artificial preservatives in articles of food is commented upon and Dr. Gaffikin observes: " Unfortunately, as yet, it has not been possible to induce a very serious view of the subject to be taken by those best able to put a stop to the practice in War- rington. Only continued persistence in following up this matter of the use of chemicals as food Preservatives is likely to influenco public opinion." It has unfortunately to be recorded that the infant death-rate of Warrington is distressfully high, viz: 157 per 1,000 births, the greatest number of infant deaths occurring in St. John's Ward. This it is pointed out, is an increase of 10 per 1,000 on that of last year, but the summer of 1906 was exceptionally hot, and the weather is one of the chief determining causes of a high infantile death. rate, especially in relation to epidemic diarrhcel, which, Dr. Gaffikin says it is very much to be wished was a notifiable disease During the last few years efforts have been made by this department to spread some knowledge of the right way to feed young children, but much more could be done if some more regular and definite way of obtaining information as to the occurrence of births was in vogue. A considerable portion of the report is devoted to a consideration of the efforts of the department to deal with consumption. The main difficulty is concerned with notification which, it is contended,should be made compulsory.

Balloons are just now in the air. From RaneTagil

BALIONS.

Gardens during a recent competition almost a dozen of them ascended. Some reputations are like balloons, for the higher in the social scale such persons get the smaller they become to ordinary understandings. In 1871, during the Siege of Paris, no fewer than fifty-four balloon posts were despatched, carrying 2,500,000 letters, weighing ten tons. To the man in the street ballooning represents a mere pastime. It is only in a beleaguered city that the useful work of the aeronaut, with his bag of silk filled with gas, is properly appreciated. Metaphori-

===== 0002601_19070629_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.`

OWN=

===== 0002601_19070629_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
- - __-___'-;'-.. --S

MEIMIN

===== 0002601_19070629_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 29, 1907

cally we are all balloonists, and send up our pilot" ballons d'essai " to see which way the wind blows when we have a favour to ask of a friend. Whether intentionally or not, nearly all successful people have the gift of trimming their sails so as to meet the opinions of opponents at least half -way. Some people, like balloons, give themselves mighty airs and assume a sureriority which disappears before a stiff breeze. Thus, our prevailing habits or manners, if refined, give us an air of "gentility," and when we air our opinions with a reputation for correctness they are listened to with attention. On the other hand, the con- ceited person, who blows off chaff or, ventilates his grievances without discrimination, is is regarded as a gas-bag; and a Gascon, on the other side of the water, is an absurd boasting braggart. It is said that when such a gas-hag was asked what he thought of the Louvre in Paris he replied : "It is not bad ; it reminds me of the back part of my father's stables." This species of human balloon resembles the firework bearing the same name, which is a ball of pasteboard filled with combustibles. When lighted, it ascends to a con- siderable height, and then explodes in a number of stars, which drop smnts on the.beholders beinw.

The " Beautiful Liverplol " movement is booming and there has been an interesting competition for prizes offered for the most beautifully decorated house fronts. Canon Morley Stevenson is one of the pioneers of the movement in the city. At a conference held on Thursday he rightly raised the question as to why eotporations had not the power to say, "This house is so atrociously ugly that we will not permit it to be put up ?" (Hear, hear). If the local authorities had such a power, they would be spared the spectacle of miserable rows of mean-looking buildings in their large towns. *

The present position of -matters between the Cor- poration and Traders and the Ship Canal Company stands as follows, judging by the report of the Chair- man of the Rivers Committee : The original judg- ment of Mr. Justice Byrne whereby. the Company are compelled to dredge a channel in the river and maintain at all times 8 feet of water, and to carry out all other obligations of the Company under the Act of 1885, and the agreement made between the Corporation and the Company of the oth of April, 1806, has been restored. Furthermore, the petitioners against the Ship Canal Various Powers Bill are protected against an increase of salinity in the water flowing over Woolston Weir. Warrington's rights have been well maintained, though at great cost, and the benefit to the town should be appreciated by posterity. * *,* A very curious fact has been brought to light by the report of the Public Accounts Committee, just issued. It appears that twelve months after the rudder for the battleship Kin, Edward VII. was fitted into the vessel the Admiralty were informed by a dismissed employee of the Ayrshire Foundry Com- pany that a large fault existed in the casting, which toe management of the company had succeeded in concealing. Examination proved that such a defect existed, and the company were called upon to replace the casting. This they did, but a second and a third casting were equally full of flaws and defects. The Admiralty then decided that the cast should be made in the dockyard at the cost of the contractors. The committee state that the pecuniary loss in this case was small, but the conduct of the firm would appear te have offered matter proper for s prosecu- tion for fraud, and they did not understand why some effort was not made to bring the persons to trial. They add, however, that the loss of Admiralty orders and the rumours of this transaction brought such financial loss to the Ayrshire Foundry Company that it shortly became bankrupt. The committee hope that it will not be their duty again to investigate a case where a British firtn for any commercial advan- tage will callously hazard the lives of hundreds of their fellow-countrymen

W. HODOKINSOS LTD.

WASHING VOILES IN NEWEST STRIPES DAINTY FAST COLOURS, is. EMBROIDERED SWISS MUSLINS 6?,D. TO is. 11D. PER YARD.

BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

CRAWFORD'S CREAM

CRACKERS.

CRISP AND CREAMY

Local Successes at the Liverpool Cycle ' RUNCORN AND WIDNES. Parade. At the Liverpool cycle parade on Monday, Mr. H. Hall, 74, Liverpool-road, Warrington, was awarded RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS. first prize for the most comical costume : " Catch of The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Board of the season." The Cheshire Lines Railway Company Guardians was held at Dutton on Tuesday, when there were awarded the prize for railway tableau, and third were present :—Messrs. T. Baxter (presiding), J. Bolshaw, E. Britch, P. Mounfield, G. Egerton- for waggon turnout. I Warburton, J. Whitlow, P. Booth, C. E. Linaker, J. H. LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER Davies, T. Wright, H. Mawdsley, S. Woodward, W. THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Adtv. I Harrison, G. Pilling, E. Bretherton, C. F. Bell, R. Pure Butter 10d. per Ib.—ASHLEY'S, Sankey st.—Advt. ' Nixon, J. Spruce, C. N. Morris, P. Collins, T. Wood, J. Accident to the Rev. W. Mellor's Eldest Son. Douglas, A R. Norman J. Renshaw J. Mynekyme, W. Winstanley, Admiral Jones-Parry, WI Weir, J. B. Chad- Much sympathy will go out to the Rev. W. Mellor wick, A. Haining, T. Antwis, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W, Mrs. Mellor and family with respect to the sad news E. Hough (assistant clerk), J. Pearson. T. Cook and W: be emesaintatn_ they have just received from Canada. It appears that R. de Prez (relieving officers), and J. Cunnah (master). the eldest son, who stands high in the musical world Admiral Jones-Parry gave notice that at the next in Canada, has met with a serious accident and is at meeting he would move :—" That House eh to remain rvie7 of ll e encouraging country, absolrsal anda i r girlsfer in eatyhe the present moment lying in hospital. The exact t I nature and extent of the injuries are not quite lished as soon ass field oyr fields can be procured." six cows, known, but the report was so alarming that Mr. , The Finance Committee reported payment in out- Mellor has gone over by the first boat to see his son. 1 relief of £6O to Mr. Cook, £2B to Mr. de Prez and £25 Warrington Football Club. , to Mr. Pearson. I Nurse Croug hton Winwick was appointed nurse at It will be remembered that at the annual meeting 1 the Workhouse ' of the Club the members passed a resolution that a ' RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. smoker and social should be held, and left the i ; The monthly meeting of the Runcorn Rural District management of same in the hands of the Committee. • tee Council was keld at Dutton on Tuesday,when there were As the season was getting advanced the Commit present Messrs. G. Pillirig (presiding), T. Baxter. J. have decided to hold the same on September Ist, in Bolshaw, E. Britch,P. Mounfield, G. Egerton-Warburton, order to give the forthcoming season a good "send- J. Whitlow, P. Booth, C. E. Linaker, J. H. Davies, T. off." The Committee are to be congratulated on their Wright, H. Mawdsley, S. Woodward. W. Harrison E. foresight in choosing such an appropriate date. Bretherton, 0. F. Bell, R. Nixon, J. Spruce, J. Renshaw, o , J. Mynekvae, WW. gtanley Admi al J Parry, W. , r ones arry, . PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER THE CLOCK FOR villlT , I Weir, J. B. ChadwickW. in- • , A. Haining, T. Antwis, G. F. BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. I Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), J. Wycliffe P.S.A. I Swinton and W. Diggle (surveyors),Dr. Adams (medical There was a good attendance at the meeting of the officer), J. 'Farrington (inspector). Wycliffe Society on Sunday. Mr. Farrar (the hon. Mr. H. G. Linaker, of Rock Side, Prodsham, wrote secretary) presided, and said it was well for them not asking the Council to commute his superannuation as clerk to the late Daresbury Highway Board, as the to be too confident in one's strength, but rather in all , money in a lump sum would be of more use to him. the duties of life be trustful and obedient to God, The question was referred to the Finance Committee. which would bring ultimate success. Mr. J. Ewan, of Tenders for the water scheme of Norley were opened Sale, dwelt upon the same theme, and s..id it was and considered and it was decided to accept that of necessary not to trust in one's strength, or in the Mr. W. P. Meckle, Liverpool, at £235 9s. 2d. There strength of man, but in the willing, faithful, and vge six contracts varying from £355 the highest, to mighty power of God. Councillor Hawthorn read the 6 Mr.. Bell said that 'unfortunately at Norley they had lesson, and Mr. W. H. Payton presided at the organ. I several uneroproyed and he suggested that the con- Local Musical Successes. ; tractor should be asked to employ as many local men as possible on the work. At the recent examination held at Liverpool, June It was decided to forward Mr. Bell's request to the 17th and 18tb, in connection with the Victoria College contractor. of Music, London, the following pupils of Mrs. At a meeting of the Walton Inferior Sewerage Mayhall, A.V.C.M., 79, Cumberland-street, Latchford, Committee a letter was read from Mr. Kilburn, the passed very successfully. The names and grades are sewage works contractor, asking to be relieved of any as f, dlows. —Associate : Miss Mary Ann Ray, Win- further new works under his contract. This was agreed to and it was decided to leave the remaining private wick-street, and Master Robert Bentley Bennion, drain connections to be carried out by the Clerk of Lovely-lane. They are enlitled to affix the letters works. The offer of Messrs. J. White and Co. on behalf A.V.C.M. to their namE s, and to wear the cap and of the Greenall and Lyon estates to contribute one half gown of the college. Junior : Master George Martin, of the cost of laying a new sewer in Whitefield-road Hall-street, first class with honours ; and Miss Lillie provided the cost to each did not exceed £37 10s. was Wainwright, Wilderspool-causeway, first class pass. accepted and it was decided that the sewer be laid from Hill Cliffe road to Belvoir-road. Primary : Master John Clement Cox, Mersey-street, ; A letter was read from the Manchester Ship Canal Co., first class with honours. 'stating that they would clean out the culvert under the Eggs 18 for Is.—ASIILEY'S, Sankey st.—Advt. 1 old Runcorn and Latchford Canal at their own expense PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST ias requested by the Council, and if the Council would BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. repay the cost, would brick up the outer end of the Attack on a Publican. !culvert and put in a Doulton's special outlet pipe with I flap valve attached. It was resolved that the offer be A labourer named John Pendergast, of Back Moor 1 , accepted and the Company be requested to carryout the street, Liverpool, employed at Winwick Asylum, was , works at once and that the Clerk of Works construct a remanded at Warrington, on Wednesday, charged covered chamber at the mouth of the sewer. with wounding George William Beard, licensee of the ' The minutes of the Committee were approved. Swan Hotel, Winwick, near Warrington.—Mr. Beard Mr. Bell asked the inspector (1) for the names of houses in Norley and the dates on which he bad visited stated that on Tuesday he had occasion to go to the them and - • • (2) those which his son visited. lavatory at the rear of the premises. On opening the 1 Mr. Farrington said that since October 1906, 20 door the prisoner rushed out and struck him twice on places had been disinfected, one by himself and 19 by the left arm with a knife. —Police-constable Wolf his son. Legally speaking the work of disinfection was stationed at Winwick, said he saw the prisoner in not part of the duty of the inspector of nuisances. the act of striking Mr. Beard with a knife in his hand. , Thirty years ago however he decided to do the work When arrested, prisoner remarked, " 1 would have himself so that he could know that it was done. His cut his heart out if you had not stopped me." i son had always assisted him and if his son did so be I did not think it mattered to anyone. There was more Christian Endeavour Echo Meeting. ;disinfection being done in the Runcorn District than in The Christian Endeavourers from Warrington, who any other district in the Gaited Kingdom and in no attended the 17th British National C.E. Convention, other district in the country was the work done by the which was held at Douglas during Whitsuntide held inspector of nuisances. He was quite willing to con- .- tinue doing the work in the future. an echo meeting on Saturday at the Hill Cliffe Baptist mr. . • • d . Bell said he did not intend to suggest that Mr. Church. About twenty were present and they had an Farrington had neglected his duty at all. enjoyable ramble through the old churchyard, and on ' Mr. C. F. Bell asked the Medical officer (1) for the to Grappenball and Appleton Dingle. Tea was pro- lists of houses where diptberia had broken out at vided when Hill Cliffe was 'again reached, the party Norley; (2) dates of outbreaks; (3) what houses were being considerably augmented by the arrival of other ; visited and when in connection with the outbreak. members. There was a good congregation at the • , Dr Adams said he bad nothing to add to Mr. Earring- ton's report. All houses had been visited. evening meeting in the chapel, when the Rev. F. I Mr. Bell : I want Dr. Adams' list of all houses which Vaughaa, the president of the Warrington and Dis- , ihe has 'visited. It may appear to you that lam pushing trict Christian Endeavour Council, presided. There ' this matter too far but I have been elected the repro- were four speakers—two ladies and two gentlemen— ; sentative of Norlev and the people of Norley do not who gave rerorts of the Convention. One of the i consider that [disinfection has been carried out papers was entitled "A Sunday at Port Erin," another properly. promised to forward the list to Mr. Dr. Adams p • Bell. " A Sunday in Douglas," the third "An echo of the Mr. Woodward asked that Dr. Adams should report Junior Rally," whilst the last speaker, Miss Gandy, ' , \ upon the nnmber of patients in Norley who had been gave her general impressions of the Convention, ! treated in the Isolation Hospital and as to the general especially referring to the consecration meeting. A : reception of the proposal for removal to the hospital secretary and assistant secretary for the Warrington Conncil was elected pro. tern. The Convention hymn " Manxland for Christ " was also sung. Cheese 4d.,5d. S.; 6d.per lb —As rtr.F. v's,Sankey st.—Advt "LEA-FRANCIS," "PREMIER," and " RUDGE- WHITWORTH " CYCLES. Price from £4 10s. Cash or easy payments.-1 S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Loyal Order of Ancient Shepherds (AU.) _ _ _ _ _

The Warrington District of the above Order- held its first annual bowling main on Saturday. Three buses were engaged to convey the members' to the "Cat and Lion," Stretton, leaving town about two ;o'clock. On arrival a start was promptly made and the green presented a busy appearance until dusk with the exception of a break about four o'clock when a very heavy storm swept over the green, causing a temporary stoppage of hostilities. Considering the condition of the green after the storm and the cold wind, which made things rather uncomfortable, the bowling was on the whole extremely good, some interesting and exciting gatnes being witnessed. ' The right to hold the "Sir Gilbert Greenall " Challenge Cup for the next twelve months and to possess the gold medal presented by Councillor Fulton-Smith, was earned by Bro. John Appleton, "Old Colt," of the Late Spring Rose Lodge No. 828, who bowled well all through the main, his last win (11-21 being a grand finish to a brilliant performance. His oppo- nent. Bro. J. Adams, of the Olive Branch Lodge No. 1120, fully earned the honour to contest the final, but whether the cold wind had affected him or he was a bit excited by the importance of the contest, his col- lapse in the final after his previous excellent display was a big surprise. The result seemed, however, to be very popular amongst the members, the winner being warmly congratulated all round. Daring the afternoon full justice was done by the members to a substantial tea provided by the landlord (Mr. Robert Walker) which gave every satisfaction. Despite the rather inclement weather the venture was voted a huge success, and the efforts of the committee were warmly appreciated. It is intended to have a smoking con- cert in the Assembly Room, Conservative Club, Sankey-street, when the Cup, medal,and other valuable prizes will he distributed to the winners, to which all the members of the Order will be invited. "LEA-FRANCIS." " PREMIER," and " BUDGE- WHITWORTH " CYCLES. Price from £4 10s. Cash or easy payments.—J. S. GARLA.NO. 51 to 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Meeting of Druids 4 _

The members of the Druids' Camp lodge held their quarterly meeting on Saturday at the Higher Angel, Buttermarket-street, and there were present : P.D.G.M, John Bibby, P.D.G.M. James Wilcock, P.D.G.M. John Woods, P.D.G.M. John Heath; Lodge Secretary, P.D.G.M. Sidney Packer, Lodge Treasurer P.D.G.M. Simnel Hankey, PA. William Woois and a large number of lodge members. At the conclusion of the ordinary lodge business Bro. John Bibby took the chair and called .upon Bro. S. Hankey to present N.G.A. Bro. Hodnett with a framed emblem of the Order in recognition of his having filled the various offices of the lodge satisfactorily, and for work done in connection with the lodge generally.—Bro. Hankey spoke in high terms of Bro. Hodnett's work since he was transferred from Earlestown to them.—' Bros. Packer, William Hankey and John Woods also spoke of Bro. Hodnett's work. Bro. John Bibby then: called upon P.D.G.M. Bro. Samuel Hankey to receive from members of the lodge a beautiful gold-mounted umbrella in recognition of his long and valuable ' services to the lodge. The Chairman briefly dealt with the offices Bro. Hankey held, showing that the members of his lodge must have bad every confidence in him, for besides having hardly been out of office during his 49 years' members:lmo of the lodge, he held at present the offices of District Trustee, Secretary of the Warrington Branch of the Royal Arch Chapter, President of the Board of the Royal Arch Chapter in General, and was a member of the committee of every kindred society in connection with the Order in War- rington. (Applause.) —Bro. S. Packer, the lodge secretary, spoke of the valuable services rendered to the lodge by their treasurer, Bro. Hankey.—Bros. John Woods, Hughes and Derbyshire also spoke in glowing terms of the services rendered by Bro. Hankey. —Bro. Hankey, who was loudly applauded, said that what he had done for his lodge or the district he had Idone cheerfully, and he hoped to be spared to serve them many more years. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19070629_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Warrington Walking Day was specially favoured. It was the sunniest and most summer-like day there has been for over a month. The clerk of the weather may go out on bail! * * There are good berths awaiting one or two of the amateur barmen and waiters at the fete last week. Messrs. H. Greenall and W. P. lands showed uncommon aptitude, and metaphorically speaking, fortune lies at their feet. *_* *_ _ . •

Some of the get-rich-quick methods of the " grafters" and " boodlers " in San Francisco are described in another column by our old townsman, Mr. Henry Whitham. They make one thankful to be "poor proud, and particular" in jog-trotting old England.

Whitecross Ward has the highest birth-rate and the lowest death-rate in the town. It has a population in regular employment and mostly getting good wages, save Dr. Gaffikin in her first annual report as Deputy Medical Officer. * * *

We note that the Sanitary Works Committee of the Corporation has purchased a horse from Mr. P. Davies of Warburton for :CS!. Were tenders obtained by advertising in this case, according to standing orders? An ;£Bl horse for some of the purposes of the Sanitary Works Committee seems rather a luxury. * * *

Mr. H. P. Hughes' departure from Warrington will be regretted by many for ?yen those who have differed from him most on political grounds have been among the first to recognize his kindliness and more particularly his unselfish interest in young men who are just making a start in lffe. We wish him well in his new venture in his native land. *

The Borough Surveyor- has been instructed to prepare specifications for a ferro-concrete bridge to replace Warrington Bridge, and also for a new bridge over the river at Howley. Hurrah, we're moving again ! But a lot of water has run under the old bridge since it was first condemned by the Council, and still it stands where it stood. * * *

We are sure our reader; will cordially join in the good wishes which have been so freely extended to the Rev. C. L. Stowe on his departure from the Warring- ton circuit. This young and energetic minister has made a host of friends during his stay amongst us and has earned the high regard of a largo circle outside his own denomination.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
* * * TO THE MONTH

We've prayed for the warmth of the sunshine And sung you a suppliant tune, But you have vouchsafed never one shine, And June, you have left us je jtine. —" The World."

* * Cockney Tommy: Say, Jimmy, ow, cliyer spell wt?

Jimmy: F-o•u-g-11-t. Cockney Tommy : Not that one—the other. Jimmy: F-o-r-t. Cockney Tommy : I don't mean the fawt yer live in ; I mead the fawt yer fink wiv.—" Tatler." ;! There is no prospect of the extension of the tram vays to Bruche Bridge and Padgate Bridge. The extended time allowed for the construction of these works will shortly expire, and the Committee has decided not to apply for a further extension of time, the tramways manager having reported that to carry the tramways to these two points would involve a considerable financial loss.

* * * The Watch Committee has resolved that the pro- prietors of heavy road locomotives passing through the town be charged a fee of 2s. 6d. per day. What about the heavy motors which start from Warrington? They cause most of the nuisance, but we suppose they will escape having to pay 2s. Gd. every time they turn out. We should be better pleased if all and sundry had to pay about .Z 2 6s.for breaking the peace and the roads. * * *

As an example of humorous Parliamentary deliberation, the following would be hard to beat: Captain Craig asked in Parliament on Monday for what reason a flag-pole was erected on the new War Office.

Mr. Haldane: For the purpose of flying a flag. (Laughter.) Viscount Tumour : Can the right hon. gentleman say on what occasion it is proposed to fly a flag ? (Laughter.) Mr. Haldane : (Laughter.)

Oa appropriate occasions.

** * I

As a result of a request from Stockton Heath, the Corporation is going to apply for a provisional order to supply the following townships with electric power for lighting purposes :—Penketh, Great Sankey, Orford, Winwick, Fearnhead, Padgate, Latchford Without, Thelwall, Grappenhall. Lymm, Stockton Heath, Appleton, Lower Walton, Higher Walton. We would just caution the inhabitants of these villages (begging Stockton Heath's pardon) against premature dreams of electric illumination. A provisional order is only a very short step along the " path of light." * * *

The balance sheet of the Tramways Undertaking for the year ended March 31st last has been presented to the Committee, and shows a net profit of :£1309 17s. 10d. on the year's working. It will be remem- bered that at a recent Council meeting the manager's request for an increase of salary was refused until this report had been presented. The Committee now recommends that he receive a further .7e25 per annum, which will make his salary _CI7S —not an extravagant sum by any means! t, _ _ _

The public, through the Executive Government, are by far the biggest employers of labour in the country. The Army, Navy, Civil Service, Post-Office, and so on account in round numbers for say 1,000,000 persons whose wages are paid by the State. Now the State is you and I and the rest of us, a piece of machinery to do our work, so that, getting down to bedrock, we are responsible for this crowd ; responsible if they are ill-paid, ill-treated ; responsible also if, on the other hand, they do not give a fair return for the money they are paid. —"London Opinion."

Saturday was a fateful day at Hill Cliff e, and the takings at the banar raised the proceeds from mediocrity to splendid success. On Friday night the sum realised only amounted to £1,500, just half of what was required to meet the debt on the Infirmary extension, so that it was evident Saturday'must set up a record if even a reasonable measure of success was to be assured. Fortunately the last day proved equal to the demand, and by the time the proceedings closed another thousand pounds had been poured into the lap of the treasurer. The last " lap " was the fastest! Deducting expenses, there will be over :£2,000 clear for the Extension Fund. which, considering that the weather was frequently very trying (and trying hard to be fine) is eminently satisfactory.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0078.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
\

=MI

===== 0002601_19070629_art0079.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070629_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
dESNAM

===== 0002601_19070629_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

Town Council. The monthly meeting of the Town Council will be held on Tuesday evening at 6 o'clock at the Town Hall. Recent Examination Results. In announcing the result of the Union of Lanca- shire and Cheshire Institutes' examinations the success of Mr. Fred Ashcroft in the German examination was stated to have been in the elementary grade. This should have been the intermediate grade.

Personal. Sir Gilbert Greenall and Lord Yarborough received the King at the Royal Show on Wednesday. The Royal pavilion had been sumptuously furnished under the direction of Lady Greenall. ' The Mayor of Warrington was amongst those who attended the proceedings on Saturday in connection with the New Brighton promenade extension. He was also one of the guests at the dinner, which was subse- k.uently held in the Tower Grounds.

"LE-FRANCIS," "PREMIER," and " RUDGE- WHITWORTH " CICLES. Price from £4 10s. Cash or easy payments.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Bold-street Church. The new organ at Bold-street Wesleyan Church will be opened on July 11th when a recital will be given by Dr. J. Kendrick Pyne, of Manchester. Special services will be held the following Sunday at which recitals will be ,given by Mr. W. H. Payton, Mus. Bac. Full particulars of other special musical services will be found in our advertising columns. Compensation for Injury. At the County Court on Thursday one of the actions down for hearing was that in which Frederick Brooks, a boy living in Amelia-street, sued the Firth Co., Ltd., Florence Mills, for damages under the Employers' Liability Act for injuries sustained by his hand being caught in a revolving block' whilst following his employment on January 23rd.—Mr. Cuthbert Smith (instructed by Mr. Steel) appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Acton, barrister (instructed by Mr. E. A. Connor) for the defendants.—Mr. Smith said the parties had come to an arrangement. The company, although they denied plaintiff's contention that the accident was through their fault, were sorry for the boy and had agreed to pay him :VA and costs. That terminated what might have been a long and trouble- some case Volunteer Encampment. - - - -

It will no doubt be a source of satisfaction to War- rington Volunteers to hear that the annual encampment will take place at Llanberis, North Wales, during August Bank Holiday week. The battalion forms part of the South Lancashire Brigade, numbering 2,500. Officers of the brigade have inspected the ground and reported favourably upon the advantages which it presents. Efforts have been made for several years by the Carnarvon Town Council to secure the presence of Volunte4rs in the district for their annual training and much satisfaction is felt that their enterprise is to be rewarded. The ground is fifty acres in extent, but, through the kindnesq of Mr. Assheton- Smith, a large expanse of land on the slopes of Snowdon will be also available for manoeuvring pnrposes.

Hams 62d. per lb.—AsHLEy's, Sankey st.—Advt. A Year's Profit on Electricity. _

The annual report of the Co.:Poration electrical supply undertaking, published this week, shows that the net profit on the year's working was £2516 195.41. as against £2763 19s. 2d. the previous year. The decrease is accounted for by the re-assessment of the property by which the annual payment in rent, rates., &c., goes up from £3lB to £923. There has during the year been an increase in the consumptiog of current, the number of customers having risen from 285 to 320. The average price for current 1•52 per unit is notable, as only two Corporations change less and of these, one makes a loss of over £6,000 per annum, and the other does not show so large a net profit as this department. The plant is reported to be in a state of high efficiency. Wanted to Plead the Gaming Act.

At the County Court on Thursday, before his Honour Judge Shireas Will, LC., Michaff Connolly, commission agent, Leigh, sued Henry Jackson, 13, I Chorley-street, Warrington for A:22 money advanced. Mr. Browne appeared for the plaintiff and without stating particulars of the case, produced a letter in which defendant admitted owing the money but said he was not in a position to pay it at that time—Later it transpired that the money was claimed in respect of a betting transaction —Defendant said he wished to plead the Gaming Act and also denied making a bet with Connolly—Mr. Browne said defendant must give five days' notice before he could plead the Gaming Act and he had neglected to do so.— His Honour (to defendant) : I am afraid you have not much defence on the merits. Do you want an adjournment to plead the Gaming Act? Defendant: Yes.—His Honour: Then you shall have it.-31r. Browne pointed out that if defendant had read his summons he would have known that notice w'as required.He contended that defendant was not entitled to an adjournment.—His Honour said plaintiff went into the box but did not give any particulars of the claim, and it turned out to be a gaming transaction. Ile did not think that was the proper way to put the case before the Court and he would allow an adjourn- ment to the next Court day, costs being reserved,

===== 0002601_19070629_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

ST. HELENS STREET ACCIDENTS.

John Parry. aged thirty-six, of Bickershaw-lane, Abram, near Wigan, met with a serious accident at St. Helens on Saturday night. Parry had cycled to Liver- pool with a friend, and on returning was riding out of Sutton-road into Peasley Cross-land. Just as he reached the tram track he encountered a horse and cart and a boy ran across. I n turning sharply round to avoid the lad Parry was struck by an approaching tram- car and knocked forward on the track. The lifeguard picked him up or he would have been killed. When extricated, Parry complained of internal injury. Dr. Cooke attended, and on examination at the St. Helens Hospital it was found that Parry's back was seriously hurt.—Alhert Thomas, a boy of fourteen, of 94, North- road, St. Helens was caught by a motor-car on Sunday afternoon when he was crossing the road near the Lingholme Hotel. The car, which was driven by Mr. George Faulkner, of Granville Mill, Walkden, knocked the lad down. He was immediately pinked up by Mr. Faulkner and taken to Dr. Dow's surgery, the injuries consisting of contusions to the head and face and shock. SUDDEN DEATH IN ST. HELENS BATHS.

A very sad incident disturbed the bathers at the St. Helens Corporation Baths on Saturday evening, when Joseph Stott, aged eighteen, printer's apprentice, of 6, Bond-street, Present, died very suddenly. It is reported that the youth was extremely fond of swimming, but the exercise did not agree with him, for on three occasions he had fainted and had to be lifted out of the bath. Shortly before five o'clock on Saturday after- noon he dived in the deep end and swam to the steps. A minute or two afterwards a youth who was with him noticed that he had fainted, and that he seemed to be slipping off the steps. Assistance was at once rendered and Dr. Green, of ,Prescot, who happened to be in the baths, endeavoured to restore respiration, but in vain, death being due to a sudden attack of syncope.—Mr. S. Brighouse held the inquest at St. Helens Town Hall on Tuesday.—Deceased's mother said that on Saturday afternoon, when he said be was going to the baths, she begged him not to go, but he laughed and said she was silly. He had alwsys been healthy, and latterly he had been training to run at some sports.—Henry Hall said he had been with deceased on three occasions when he had fainted at the baths. He once tainted in the water. and witness had to pull him out.—r. Green, medical officer of Prescot, said the cause of death was syncope. There was nothing in the suggestion of drowning. When witness heard Hall cry out he immediately ran to deceased. Stott had stopped breathing, but his heart was faintly beating. He performed artificial respira- tion and tried to stimulate the heart's action, but the youth only made three very ineffectual attempts at respiration and died. He knew him very well. Deceased had an hereditary weakness, and since he had been training for running he thought his heart had become dilated. This might not have troubled him under ordinary circumstances, but the exertion of swimming had brought on an attack of syncope. He suggested that some brandy and blankets should be kept in the baths ready for emergencies like that.—The Coroner agreed with this suggestion, and a verdict of " Death from syncope, caused by over-exertion in swimming," was returned. CYCLIST KILLED AT ST. HELENS.

The inquiry into the death of John Parry, collier, aged thirty-six, of 10S, Bickershaw-lane, Abram, Wigan, who had his spine fractured in a tram accident on Satur- day, was held at St. Helens on Tuesday by Mr. Brighouse. —Mrs. Parry, of Clvvtybout, Cwmyglo. R. 5.0., Carnar- vonshire, identified deceased as her husband. They had not lived together for seven years, but she saw him at Easter.—John Barnes, collier, of Abram, said he went with deceased by bicycle on Saturday to Liverpool, and returned to Parr to see a friend. They found he had moved to Thatto Heath, and went by way of Peasley Cross to go there. When they got to the top of Peasley Cross-lane, deceased, riding first, got a the tram lines, and his bicycle being caught he was thrown under the tram. Deceased was a steady, s•ber ran-William Gee, of Sutton-road, and a Mrs. Latham spoke to seeing the accident. They looked at the men particularly because they each had toy balloons flying from their handlebars. The tram was going very slowly.—Edward Gilchrist the tramdriver, said he pulled up a few yards from the corner because there was a horse and van, and the horse was unattended and inclined to be restive. He than went on slowly to the stop of Peasley Cross-lane. The cyclist came staggering on as though ke had lost con- trol of the machine. - His feet were not on the pedals, I and one of them struck the tram. He fell under the tram headfirst.—lnspector Wallace said deceased made a statement to himself and Dr. Cooke. He said :—" I had come up the hill. When I got to the end of the 1, road I saw a horse and cart. I was going to pass it just ' as I saw a youth coming, and in trying to get out of his way I ran into the foot of the tramcar and carp to grief myself. I did not see the tramcar ; neither did I

hear him sound his gong."—Dr. Cooke 'mid the man's spine was fractured near the neck, and he was completely paralysed.—The jury returned a verdict of" Accidental death," and attached no blame to the driver of the car

===== 0002601_19070629_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON

CONFIRMATION SERVICE.

A confirmation service was held at St. John's Parish Church, Earlestown on Monday evening, when 90 candidates presented themselves for confirmation. There were present Bishop Chavasse, the Vicar (the Rev. T. R. Matthews), and the Rev. A. Ainley, curate of St. John's. The Bishop addressed the candidates in a very impressive manner, both before and after the confirmation. There was a very large attendance. FARM FIRE AT BURTONWOOD.

An alarming fire broke out on Monday about noon in the centre of the range of farm buildings at I3rockhead Farm, Burtonwood,belonging to Mr. illiam Falrclough. A cyclist who was immediately despatched for the St. Helens Fire Brigade covered the six miles in very fast time. A four-stalled stable and straw loft had by that time been almost consumed, and all the remaining lonildiabr-s were in great danger. Superintendent Lyon utilised the water from a pond in the neighbourhood, and the fire was quickly cut off front tbe!other buildings and by three o'clock all was safe. The fire is supposed to have originated in the straw loft. The damage was about £l5O, and is covered by assurance. OBITUARY.

The death is announced of Mr. Philip Chandley, of Cross-lane. Earlestown. lie had been in the employ of the London and North-Western Waggon Works for over 40 years as cashier, and was also secretary for the Earlestown Building Society. The funeral took place on Saturday of Ernest William Mullins, of 19, Rathbone street, Earlestown, Corporal of the lst Volunteer Battalion South Lancashire Regiment. A large number of Volunteers attended the funeral, under the command of. Lieutenant Picton, Warrington and Earlestown being largely represented. Three volleys was fired at the graveside, followed by the beating of the drums and sounding of the bugles. The Rev. R. Trelartd, vicar of llaydock, conducted the service at the graveside, having had the deceased under his care while in Haydock Hospital, in which place he died, after a very painful illness. Much sympathy is felt for the relatives of the deceased. A great crowd assembled at th• Newton-in-Makerfield Cemetery to witness the last rites. The coffin, enveloped in the Union Jack, was carried to the grsve by four brother Volunteers, followed by four brothers, and other relations and friends, the deceased being held in great esteem in the neighbourhood. He was 27 years of age MR. SEDDON, M.P., AND THE HUSSARS.

In the course of a letter to the " Earlestown Guardian" Mr. J. A. Seddon, M.P., says note the political screech in your issue of June 14th, from the Tory agent for Newton. I :via not much concerned with the sickly assortment of bluff, sycophancy, and Uriah Heap-like sympathy for other people's pleasure for one day in the year. The writer says: 'The troops were giving their services freely and voluntarily, and were in no way acting under orders to appear, as Mr. Seddon in his letter foolishly suggests. Nor do the mon in any way desire or need his pro- tection." This, sir, is an impudent fabrication I consulted the War Office at the request of one con- cerned, who has too much respect for his Majesty's service to sea it degraded by political hucksters. If the Tory party are anxious for the truth I will gladly petition the War Office to undertake, under Yeomanry regulations, a full enquiry, whereby the name of the officer responsible shall be made public. If they want publicity they can have it. A grievance that rests upon a grave breach of military discipline and an insult to the King, can find little support with political hirelings. But who is it that wants publicity ? I note the officer responsible is discreetly silent ; the ex-member for Newton is dumb; a silence that can be felt has fallen upon the Tory newspaper. Way, it did not even print the choice epithets spoken by the Tory agent, but left it to mere Radical organs to enlighten the world with the wisdom of this oracle. Fie upon such baseless ingratitude! Oft from this quarter have I had loud- sounding blows—harmless in effect—foe causing con- siderably less consternation in the Tory camp. Why this conspiracy of silence? Can it be that the military gentlemen concerned have been soliloquising? "It was ft grevious fault, and grievously hath Citaar answered it." The chastened and silent spirit displayed is an eloquent testimony that the way of the trans- gressor is hard (when found out).

===== 0002601_19070629_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

INDIVIDUAL MAIN.

Play in the individual main in connection with the Warrington Works Bowling Association,opens on Satur- day, and on accpunt of the large number of entries the Committee iaor3 that all who possibly can will turn up on that day. The draw for the first round was made this week and resulted as follows :

. hcp. hcp. T. Humphries,Ryland's 1 R. Sunderland, C.L.C. 2 A. Worrall, Monk's... 2 W. Hooke, Whitecross 4 W. Molyneux, Thewlis... 3 J. Barlow, Whitecross 3 R. Shaw, Whitecross 3 J. Welsby, Greening's 3 W. Randles, Fletcher's s A. Gleave, Whitecross s J. Titnmins, Monk's A. Warburton,Crostield's I E. Webb, Monk's 3 W. Gleave' 'Whitecross... 1 ‘l. Smellie, Monk's J. Rigby, Fletcher's 3 It. Gallop, Richmond's 3 C. Holden, Rylatia's 4 F. Singleton,Fletcher's 3 A. Rosterne P. and K 2 R. Horthorne, Ryland's 4 H. Newton Ryland's 3 J. Gleave, Whitecross s J. Winstanley, Fletcher's 5 W. Mee P. and K. G. Shaw, Ryland's 1 J. Looker, Ropery 4 J. Clough, Whitecross... 3 JASkelhorn2, Orford 3 H. Heeson, Stockton H. 3 IT Thomasson, Monk's 3 J. Boardman, Whitecross 2 H. Wilson, Ropery 4 J.Melbourne, Orford 3 E. Durnbell, Penketh 2 I ,G. Clive, Ropery 'W. Gibbons, Crosfield's 4 W. Daniels, Ryland's 1 'W. Richardson, Orford 3 J. Horton, IVlaitecross 1 W. Wakefleld.Whitecross 3 J. Willett, Crossfleld's 3 G. Ball, Thewlis 1 A.Shelmerdine,W'cross a F. Berry, Forshaw's W. Simister, Longford... 2 C. Perry, Ropery .. 4 W. Taylor, Forshaw's ... 2 T. Gleave, Whitecross s J. Fairhurst, Longford... 4 R. Cooper, P and K. 4 H. Higham, P. and K. ... 2 D. Gibson, P. and K..... S. Radcliffe, Lougford... 2 R.Fairbrother,AVgVls 9 T. Timperley, C.L.O G. Higham, C.L.O 1 F. Miller, Monks' J Houghton, Artiugstall's 2 J. Ilolton, Walker's I R. Price, Fletcher's F. Dean, Whitecross 3 .T. Savage, Monks, H. 4 J. Simister, Longford C. Holloway, Longford 4 A. Middleton C'field's 1 S Fletcher, Sankey W.M. 3 J. Wow's. Rylands' ... 1 .T. Middleton, Crosfleld's 2 W.Hutchinson,Weross 3 .1. Hardman P. &K. G. Warburton, W'cross... 2 R. Bennett, R'mond's 2 T. Foster, Sankey W. M. 1 D. Bromley, C.L.C. J. Makin, Orford P. Brooks, Winitecross J. W. Sudlow, Longford 3 J. Bonnell, Longford 4 W. Millman, Longford 2 11. Bailey, Fletcher's ... 2 C. Turner, Monks' 5 N. Cook, Sankey 3 T. Jones, Richmond's... 2 J. Eaton ,Castle Rubber 6 IT. Wells, Walker's 'A. Field, Castle Rubber 4 R.Shelmerdine,L'gford 4 F. Miller, Ryland's T. Barnes, Ryland's A. Ford, Locker's W. Skelhorne, C.L.C. W. Woods, Fletcher's W. Hatton, Monk's J. W. Evans, Fletcher's 2 T. O'Brien's Castle 2 J. Bartley, Longford ... 3 J. Saunders, Monk's J. Clare, Longford 3 R Warburton,Crosfields 3 J. Gleave, Longford 4 H. Fairlourn, Castle R. 4 J. Taylor, L. & N.-W. G.Sinister, jun. Longford 5 J. Coyne, P. &K. A. Scott, Longford T. Harrington, Orford 'S. Adams, Crostields 2 W. Gleave, Sankey 1 W. Jones' Whitecross ... 1 Ernest Gleave, Wcross 1 A. E. Burdett, Castle R. 4 E. Shaw, Fletcher's J. Richardron, Ropery ... 4 J. Rowlands, Monks' 4 W. Nicholson, Richm'd's 4 R. Savory, Ryland's A. Caarnock, Whitecross 3 J. Hatton,Whitecross 3 A. Bowyer, Penketh 'R. Clarke, Greening's ... 3 E. Fletcher, Richm'nd's 3 'E. North, Crosileld's 3 J. Jefferson,Crostield's 1 'H. Rushworth, P. & K._ 4 H. Bate, Ryland's l' A. Siddall, Sankey 3 B. Tomlinson, C.L.C.... 1 'A. Harper, Thewlii' IG. Wilcocks, Whitecross 2 T. Lockett. P. &K. 'W. Saunders, Sankey :3 T. Edgington, C'fleld's 1 H. ‘Vright Whitecross T. Ellison, Whitecross ... s M. Grimshaw, Monk's 4 W. Patrick, Greening's... 1 A. Lingard, Thewlis J. Pendlebury, Ryland's 4 W. Bibby, Greening's 4 J. Andrew, Orford 2 A. Broadhurst, C'lleld 1 A. Stringer' Ryland's T. Hughes, Richmonds... 3 W. Hutchen, Rope*y 4 R, Edgington,Greening's 2J. Sheldon, Ryland's J. Hewitt, Whitecross... 3 A. gall, Whitecross .J. I3radshaw, P. &K. ... 2 T. Davies, P. &K. 1 E. Scott, Castle 4 T. Brobbin, Rivet J. Appleton, Monk's 1 H. Taylor, C.L.C. W. Berry,Ryland's 4 J. W. Monks, C.L.C.... 4 J. Davies, Fletcher's 3 J. Cooper, P. and K.... 5 R. Stringer, Greening's 3 W. Andrews, Orford... 1_ 'W. Cotton, Ryland's 3 D. Houghton, Penketh 3 J Hill, Monks H J. Broadhurst, Fletcker's 1 W. Ellison, Crosfleld's 1 H. Bennett, P. Er, K. J. Cleave, P. and K s G. Holbrook, Rylands 8 T. Horns bin, L. & N.-W 1 W. White, Monks T. Coombs, P. & K R.. Holbrook, P. k K. ... 3 T. Rigby, Monks R. Jefferson, Monks 1 J. Berry, Walker's W. Holloway, Longferei 3 W RoughleT, Rylands 4 W. Berry, Rylanis E Clare, Longford J Wells Rylands •

===== 0002601_19070629_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070629_art0086.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19070629_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I' I

===== 0002601_19070629_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

I

===== 0002601_19070629_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19070629_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19070629_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19070629_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
7::11

===== 0002601_19070629_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, .

===== 0002601_19070629_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
EXTRAORDINARY EMPLOYMENT.

Working in a Hot Stove.

Strange occupations and working under uncommon conditions are many, but perhaps one of the queerest is that followed by Mr. Sam Bowen, whose duties com- pel him to work in a hot stove. Mr. Rowen, who lives 1 at 67, Wellington-street, Keighley, Yorks.. gives the following interesting account of a marvellous cure by ' Dr. Cassell's Tablets, of acute inflammation of the Kidneys, complicated by fits, brought on by catching colds whilst engaged on his weird duties. Mr. Rowen writes :—" For the last 12 years I suffered a martyrdom from inflammation of kidneys and fits, which was brought on by getting cold after working in a hot stove I could not sleep or eat, and wasted away to a mere shadow, and could only walk with the aid of a stick. I tried every possible remedy, and was under seven doctors, who all told me my case was-a mystery. also went into four infirmaries, and was turned out of all incurable.

"I was in this apparently hopeless condition when I I began to take Dr. Cassell's Tablets. T found myself I jmproving after the first bottle, and now after taking four, I feel strong and well, and am able to walk about :10 miles a day without any fatigue." Surely this striking evidence will convince all, in whatever condition of life, that Dr. Cassell's Tablets are it unique remedy. They will restore and invigorate the most shattered constitution, will .build healthy flesh at the rate of 11b. per week, and are a certain cure in all -diseases arising from physical and nerve exhaustion. Dr. Cassell's Tablets are as safe and sure as they are pure and effective. Trial box. tenpence halfpenny, large size two shillings and ninenfince, of all chemists, or post free from Dr. Cassell's Co., Ltd., King-street NV., 'Manchester.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

ONLY A CABIN BOY.

A big battle was being fought between the English and Dutch navy. Sir John Narborough was the English admiral, and the masts of his ship had been shot away almost directly the fighting began. In spite of the greatest care and the most splendid bravery, Sir John saw that the English sailors must be beaten unless he could get help. There were a few ships some distance off to the right, but they were to act as a reserve, and would not enter into the battle without a message from him. Sir John stood a moment, and wondered how that message could be sent. It was not possible to signal; there was only one way— the message must be carried. Sir John wrote his order, telling the captain of the reserve t come and help him at once; then he called aloud for anyone who was willing to be the messenger. Think of the scene a moment, and then you will understand a little what a brave heart was needed to carry that note. Below was the sea; ;above, around, in it there rained a heavy shower of bullets. The long swim would be trying enough, but to swim with the chance of being shot every second was terrible. Yet Many sailors came forward at their admiral's call, ready to risk their lives for their country's good. They were all grown-up men, and they must have stared in wonder as one of the cabih boys, Cloudesley- Shovel by name, stood up among. them. "Why, what can you do, my fearless lad ? " said the admiral kindly. "I can swim, sir; and If I -am shot I shall be missed legs than anyone else." After a moment's hesitation the paper was handed to the boy, who put it between his teeth and sprang overboard. How the men cheered him, and watched him as long as he could be seen! He -reached the reserve ships in safety, and as they went into action at once a victory was gained by .the English. When the sun was setting, Cloudesley Shovel .stood once more on the deck of the admiral's ship, and received his heartiest thanks. "I shall live to see you have a flag-ship of ydur own," he said. And the words came true for the brave cabin boy became Sir Cloudesley Shovel, one of the greatest :of British admirals.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
A CLOSE RACE.

The sun was bright, the sky was blue, It was so fair a day, The wind sprang up, drew in his breath, -And cried, "Come out and play ! "

The little waves cried," Wait for us Before the sport begins! " Then tied their little white caps fast Beneath their dimpled chins.

44 Now," cried the wind, "we'll have a race, And see, who first can reach, By running fast and running far, The line of yellow beach ! "

'The little waves ran hand in hand, To win was all their mind; With steady step and eager breath The wind ran close behind.

" Oh," cried the waves, "the race is ours! We're first to reacethe land!" 4' Ho!" laughed the wind, then pushed them all. Down on the yellow sand.

The little waves eared not a hit, But laughed aloud in glee, 'Then smoothed their rumpled dresses out And scampered back to sea,/

===== 0002601_19070629_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. MICHAEL'S CHAIR.

St. Michael's Mount in Cornwall is crowned -with a church tower, and on the top of this tower there is a strange structure in /stone called St. Michael's Chair. No doubt in bygone days the chair was really a beacon, in which a fire was kept burning of nights to warn sailors off from a dangerous coast. But the chair was said to serve .another purpose, for it was celebrated for the mastery that it conferred on husband and wife. Whichever happened to be fortunate enough to secure a seat in it first was to rule in the house- hold.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
GRANDPAPA'S STORY.

"Want to know' what that is, my boy; why, it is the tail of a fox—a brush 'they call it—arpd that one came off the 'cutest rascal I ever saw or heard ,of."--" Oh, grandpapa, do tell me about it. I know there is a story, and I do so want to hear it !" ex- claimed little Fred Lester, as he watched his grand- futlior cleaning his gun.

"You do, eh? Well, lad, so you shall, and then you will know Why people so often say, as cunning .as a fox.' It was when your father was a boy, and we were living on the old farm at Felton. I Was very proud of my poultry, and took great care of them; but one night, in spite of my precautions, the foxes entered the yard and carried off four of my choicest geese. I was very angry about this and determined that, living or dead,' I would catch the rogues. I killed some geese purposely, and, poisoning them, left them lying in the yard; but though I repeated the experiment, and always -found by the snow that a fox had been prowling .around, the geese were never touched. Puzzled by this, I resolved to investigate matters for myself, :and coming one•day across the dead body of a deer I thus arranged proceedings. It was a bright moonlight night, and placing the dead deer fully poisoned a little way outside the farmyard, I took my stand behind a clump of bushes, and, gun in hand, patiently awaited results. I had not waited very long before I heard in the distance the un- .mistakable hark of a fox. Nearer, nearer, it came, until I could plainly see the animal creeping over the snow. Cautiously he crept up to the deer and ;sniffed at it. walked_round and, round it, and nail,-

Best Starch—best ironing.

sat .krfra cruse nynts side and gravely surveyed My finger was on the trigger of my gun, but the animals movements were so strange I forbore to shoot it, being curious to see what it would do next. For nearly ten minutes the fox sat there looking at the deer; then, raising his head, he gave cent to a series of howls, as if to say, no go; Lien don't leave dead deer about for any good purpose, and getting up, he prepared to trot oil, but a bullet from my gun stretched him lifeless on the snow." " Oh, grandpa! " cried Fred; "the poor fox, it was too bad to kill him." "I daresay, but, you see, it was 'life or death 'for my poor poultry, but I must say he was a clever scamp." "I should think he was," laughed Fred. "Thank you, grandpa, for your jolly story."

sgr i;„ vp0.g.,,,F ‘,.%7-,174..c0.p...ii • • -,---.%.„,,,i; •...,..N,:tyPA13411:49,; . c -NT, -•0 -,;.•%- " r sa-t, oV. 0 t -;:t tit' ~: q., - q ''- ..• , 4! 9: q ' , --*,k, s ..0.,:tr...5.0.4---:4,Agoioa,s,t.-•-v41,:•ttgaf.9:4".......0./..s4.t.iigt 4.4:'•,444..i.0fi--:::re,ft2s,A:&tzy.4zto.i,x:::r.o2,o,-.A...v,..-1, ,*_,,,, :0-1.,..,/,•47,,,-.t:,....-.0.4...•.. •• 44:4 ,IP .‘ , ~ ~ . , ... . , el • • ',.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
A CURIOUS RACE.

In the north island of Japan and in some: parts of tho,extreme north-east..of Asia there lives an in- terestiag race orpeopie called Ainek. Where they came from nobody seems to know, for in many res- pects they are not at al l like the Japanese and Chinese. The men are well built but rather under-sized, and there bodies are covered more or less thickly with hair. They wear long beards, and the hair of their head is also long and bushy. The women are not so well looking, as they have to do all the hard work of the tribe. The folk are not gifted with much intelligence., and they worship natural objects and animals, the bear being specially selected for this purpose. They spend their thne in fishing and hunting. It is hard to tell what is the number of the Ainos. But as they are not supposed to number more than 50,000 at the very most, it is likely that they will sooner or later become extinct.

A KING'S DAUGHTER ATrlncess ! You would not have though it, Her gown was so faded and plain; "Bound out "for her food and a shelter, And toiling in sun and in rain ; Running her errands so quickly, Milking the cows in the lane; Yet happy and sweet as the morning, " Without no thought that she might complain. "How is it," I asked this sweet maiden, "That you can so cheerily sing; That service so faithful and loving You are ever so ready to bring ? " She looked in my face for a moment, And a light from her eyes seemed to spring; "'Why should I not joy ? " she made answer, "For I am the child of a King.' "

===== 0002601_19070629_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
ABOUT THE SLOTH.

In the dense forests of Brazil and other parts of South America there lives a curious hairy animal. Its movements are so sluggish that the first travellers who saw it nicknamed it the sloth. But just as the sea-lion ashore is clumsy and in its native element graceful, so the sloth when it takes to the trees shows considerable activity. Feeding on the leaves, buds, and young branches, and always finding plenty of food at hand, this creature is not remarkable for intelligence. Its chief enemies are huge snakes, against which it uses its powerful fore legs and claws effectively. The sloth passes from tree to tree back downwards, and when a gap occurs in the forest it has cunning enough to strip the tree upon which it is resting of every particle of foliage before it descends.

Said Mr. C.:—"ln those days I lived in Boston I was a Republican, and my friend R., who was the most penurious man in New Eng- land, was a Democrat. One day he said to me, C., have your committee been after you?' 'Not yet,' I teplied. 'We'll, mine have been after me, and they wanted me to subscribe 500 dollars, and I told them I would,' said he. I looked at him in amazement. Then he added, Yes. I told them the Republicans would expect 500 dollars from you, and I was going to pair off! So mind you stick to that arrangfment. It will be all the same to both parties, and it won't cost either of us a cent."

During a weekly kit inspection in an infantry regiment, stationed at a large town, a mop had been accidentally left propped. with the head uppermost, against a spare bed-cot. The cap- tain of the company, who was said to be very short sighted, on entering the room, pointed to the head of the mop, and exclaimed in a loud, sharp voice: "Colour-sergeant, see that man fiets his hair cut." The colour-sergeant, taking in the situation, remarked: "Very good, sir," and, smartly calling out "Attention !" to stop the laughter of the men, paseed on to the next inspection.

A South African farmer had just received from England, among other farm utensils, a milking stool. This he gave, with strict in- junctions to use it, to a Kaffir whose duty it was to milk the cows. The next morning the Kaffir returned from the cowsheds bruised and battered, but with an empty pail. In answer to his master's demand for an explanation he sadly replied: "Him berry nice milk stool, but the cows won't sit on him ."

That is a good story of the man who went into an insurance office and asked for "a policy. "What for?" said the clerk; "fire, life, or marine?" "All three," was the answer. "What do you mean by that?" demanded the astonished official. "Well, I'm going to be a stoker in the Navy," responded the customer.

A mother was calling -the attention of her small son to the moon, which was to be clearly seen in the early afternoon. "Why can't you see the moon in the daytime?" he insisted. "Oh, yes, you can. There it is, over the trees," said mamma. The little boy looked up and finally saw it; but he said: " 'Tain't lighted yet, anyhow."

Mm. Brisk(); "Johnny, did the doctor call while I was out?" Little Johnny .(stopping his play): "Yes. He felt my pulse and looked at my tongue, and shook his head and said it was a very serious case, and he left this prescript tion and said he'd call again before night." Mrs. Briske: "Gracious me! It wasn't you I sent him to see; it was the baby."

Constituent: "Now, Mr. Wunnout, I vvisn you'd do your best to get my boy a good Government position." M.P. : "Well, what can your son do?" Constituent: "What can he do? Great Scot, man, if he could do any- thing I wouldn't be bothering youl"

The father had gone away, and left his only on in charge of the shop. "Are you the hcad of the firm?" asked a man With a sample case, entering the establishment. "No, sir," remarked the young man. "I'm only the heir of the head."

A labourer in the employ of a. North- country farmer had a cheese set down before him that he might help himself. His master said., to him Sandy, you take a long time to breakfast." "You're fright, master," answered he. "A cheese o' this size ie nae sae soon eaten as ye may think.'

- 1 * :,) .a„ 41t/ "Just Longing" for the Corn Flour Blanc- mange and stewed fruit. The old homely fare, but with the fresh summer fruit as delicious as ever. Use all kinds of stewed fruits one after the other during the summer, but , for the Blancmange only Brown & Poison's ' Patent ' . Corn Flour will give you best results. 111ini5m0mm0mm.........................mm0rimm0mak

'irror'yi o t

-,.,,t 4.... ~ ~-,

===== 0002601_19070629_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 29, 1907.

THE VOICE OF LABOUR.

Edited by John Workman.

Readers of this column are invited to assist in making it interesting and helpful to social workers by contributing themselves.

Correspondents must write on one side of the paper only, and endeavour to make their letters and notes short and to the point. A nom-de-plume may be used, but the real name of the writer should be foewarded in confidence to the Editor of the column. J.S.S. must be addressed to John Workman, " Eveaminer " Office, Warrington and should be sent in not later than Wednesday in each week.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
"NOT JANNOOK."

Sir, —I am penning these few lines to direct your attention to a matter which will, I think, be a little interesting to the Editor of "The Voice of Labour" column.

tieing somewhat of a studious nature, I frequently visit-the Public Reading Room in Bold-street. You will doubtless be aware that, in addition to the daily and weekly papers fixed on the stands running along two sides of the compartment, there are also a con- siderable number of magazines and other periodicals placed on the rack and counter within easy reach of every reading-room habitue. ;-trange to say the only spnarent exceptions to this rule are the two weeklies "The Labour News "and "The Labour Leader" both of which are generally I planted (and sometimes partially hidden) on a shelf behind the counter. Therefore anyone desirous of referring to either of these publications is obliged to first summon, from an adjoining department, an attendant to hand him the required journal. Let me make my Position quite quite clear, Sir. I have never yet read "The Labour News," whilst I hold no brief for " The Lab Dur Leader." In fact, I have no great liking for this Socialist organ, as its editor pre-supposes that the Snowdens, Glaziers, Bardies, and a little clique of I.L P.ers have a plete monopoly of the true social reform spirit in this country,

Siill, I contend that the members of the Libraries Committee must believe that there is a public demand for these particular papers which should, in my opinion, be placed in equal prominence with the other periodicals in a Public Reading Room. Hoping you will pay an early visit to the Bold-street Library and judge the case for yourself, I remain yours &c.,

"FAIR PLAY."

"TIME IS MONEY."

A few thousand people and myself visited the Infirmary Bazaar and Fête last week. Among other things I saw an amusing little comedy chiefly remark- able for the characteristically English way the only hero muddled through to his desired haven. He had my sympathy, for I remember coming home from holiday once with 11d. in my pocket, and the cabby waited while I sought and found in an egg-cup in the cupboard the jubilee shilling I had been saving for a rainy day. Is Time Money? It depends upon the point of view. For instance, time is simply a pittance to the sufferers from home work who receive 2d. for making boy's knickers, 4d. to 9d. for met:i's coats, sd. to Bd. for trousers.

But time is money to the Rockefellers of the world who receive a few pound sterling every minute. Is time money to the poor widow with two young children who was found making shirts at Bd. per dozen and had to ind her own cotton? Her earnings (save the mark) were 58. to Bs. per week. Plenty of time for precious little money. But time is money to some folks. In 1888 some of the leases on the Portman estate expired and were only renewed on extravagant terms. The tenants had to pay enormous sums for the privilege of renewing the leases. One tenant had her rent raised from 10 guineas to £BO, paid a lump sum of £l,OOO to the landlord, had to spend £5OO on the house, paid all insurance premiums and the lawyer's bill for drafting the agTeement. Lord Portman is stated to have made (I mean netted) a profit of £1,250,000 by this and other similar deals. He would require a rather large portmanteau to carry it away.

- Time is money. Pourteen -years doing nothing, yot the money rolls in. like a flood-tide with a strong south-westerly gale a'blowing. Is time money to the homeworker making corsets at 101 d. a dozen? A: woman gets Is. 9d. at it in three days. Time so spent is far from being money, but the only remedy that appears to be known to our rulers is the appointment of another commission to prove the obvious, to demonstrate the already plain. I am afraid we shall have to find the remedy ourselves and bring it to the notice of the powers that be.

LAZA RUS.

RELIGION IN THE SCHOOLS.

Labour men believe in education both for themselves and their children. They are tired to death of the religious controversies associated with primary teach- ing in England and Wales. Religion should be left to those who believe in it and are willing to pay for It. At this time of day it is an anachronism to teach religion in the people's schools. Tile Warrington Education Authority obviously believes in compulsion at any cost. It has introduced and carried through a religious syllabus, which it intends having taught in all the Council schools. Why? One says you can't have morality without religion. Well but morality is religion, if not what is it? The man who is most truly moral is most truly religious, while the man who is religious in the generally accepted use of that term may be one of the biggest scoundrels in creation, Jawn D. for example. Another objector says you will soon have the country wicked and immoral, and the children grow- ing up without any knowledge of God and Jesus, and all the rest of it. Well the country is wicked and immoral enough as it is. It certainly could not he worse if we had no religion at all in the schools. My own opinion is that the churches are strong enough, if they were only willing and eager as well, to get hold of all the children in the Kingdom and give them all they need, to kelp them to grow up good men and women, an honour to their country, and the churches and themselves.

At any rate it's getting too late in the day to think that the nation will much longer put up with the pre- sent system. It is unfair to the teachers, to Ale child, and to the State.

What do we want? First a repl downright good system of instruction in literature, science, art and mathematics, with plenty of open air exercise for the children. These must be adapted to their ages and capacities.

Then special treatment for the feeble, the weak and the backward child. He is an asset to be reckoned with on the national balance sheet. If necessary he should he fed, clothed, shod and his general health attended to. We are not our own entirely. We belong to one another. They recognise this in America, at any rate, to some extent. _

Moreover a child's teachers must be well-trained and well-paid. So we must have national training Colleges over the portals of which must be carved in letters large enough for the most shortsighted priest to read "PAWS OFF.? Here time must be given for the mind and heart and imagination of the future child- instructor to expand. Good schools, plenty of them, gond teachers and small.classes. Thorough and well-grounded teaching, not cramming as was the custom years ago. The foundations of future culture should be laid whether the child intends td be a mechanic or a college pro- fessor. Ignorance is fatal tp the true welfare of a country. The best pedagogy must be in friendship with Ole Laboar men want the best schools money can provide and they mean to have them, SAM WELLER, <Tux.

TIIE MUNIC,IPALIZATION OF THE DRINK / TRADE.

STANLEY LORD, REPLIES TO HIS CRITTS. note the contributions of Messrs. Griffiths and O'Brien to the correspondence columns of the " Examiner." I have ambled over the arid acreage of their acidulated animadversions and have plucked the few solitary shrubs' of sense from the few oases of argument and to. them I would reply.

It often happens that one's Critics are mutually destructive and this case is no exception, for, whilst Mr. O'Brien says my opening remarks are "not a, good example of philosophic temperance' of language." Mr. Griffiths admits the truth of them. Mr. O'Brien gives us a very eloquent statement of the objects of the 1.0.G.T. which takes up much valuable space and is scarcely germane to the issue. Ile also takes me to task for my remark that the terms sensible men and Socialists are synonomous. Had Mr. O'Brien been a Scotsman I could have under- stood such obtuseness, but if I may infer his nationality from his name I am surprised that a quick witted.son of" John Bull's other Island" did not at once see the facetiousness of such a remark.

Mr. O'Brien also resents being called a fanatic, a

Nobody told me the public house was the working- man's club. Having eyes to see I speak what I know. Again I assert it is so aid t us in spite of Mr.O'Brien's assertion that to every man who makes the public house a rendezvous there are twenty who do not. Were this true there wouldn't be muck of a drink problem to solve.

Also nobody tnld me that Temperance men claimed for themselves all the virtues. I have hoard thent do it so often and I still think it is this pharisaical fanaticism that constitutes the stumbling block to real temperance. Mr. O'Brien says that drink sold by a parson is no better than that cold by a publican. Who told him so?

Thi's is important. ',never said a parson ought not to be entruatsd with the sal. of drink, but I do say that with public management our drinks would be purer and consequently less injurious whilst the manager would have no inducement to push the sale of bulk, and the patrons of the "pub" would not feel constrained to drink r frequently for " the good of the house."

The public-houses of Warrington are mostly squalid arid drinking is the only diversion in many of them, and in spite of police supervision etc., drunkenness is of regular occurrence. With public-houses belong- ing to the community there would be a social super- vision that wonld prevent drunkenness. This will answer Mr. Griffith.,.

Mr. O'Brien objects that under municipalization he would be a shareholder in a trade he deplores and would like to destroy, but he must recognise that as a citizen he to-day benefits by the revenue derived from the drink trade and many things must be done in the name of the community in future to which the indi- vidual unit may object, but individual objections must be made svbservient to the general good. Mr. Griffiths hits below the belt when he sneeringly supposes that Socialists would become off-licence holders, and again when he says municipalization would be profitable to the Socialist section of the community, and lastly when he talks of the glar- ing spirit of greed and avarice at the base of the pro- posal. Mr Griffiths and others of his kidney would benefit as much as any Socialist from municipalisa- tion, and he surely must know this. Socialists are not animated by the spirit of greed or avarice. They desire the well-being of the community as much .as anyone, and they are prepared to work and to make sacrifices to attain such an end. They would serve the cause of true temperance by removing the evil conditions that drive people to drink, by improving the public-houses until they became more like the cafés and beer gardens we hope for in the future, and less like the dirty dens for the distribution of drink they are to-day. Socialists do not. however, propose to abolish drink or to interfere with the liberty of the individual in the question. They realise that drink is desired by most people, that its supply is largely regulated by hue and profitable Trace, and that its sale is surrounded by conditions that make for excess. They say that by the public engaging in the trade in their corporate capacity the conditions that make for excess can be removed, the revenue can be need for public purposes, many of which, by improv- ing the environment of the people, would make for temperance.

The pity is that temperance people in their desire to organize the majority tyranny of prohibition neglect the means that lie nearest to their hand and by classing the moderate drinker with the drunkard they hinder instead of helping the cause of temperance. Municipalization as a solution is no worse because it was once advocated by Mr. Chamberlain and I com- mend its careful study to " the man in the street " who decides elections.

STANLEY LORD.

remark which he says is neither original nor argu- THE NEW LABOUR LAW ment. No but it may he true, and it is surely per- missible to use the truth as an argument; fanatic On July ist, Employed and Employed simply means a wild enthusiast and is, I again assett, a true description of the average member of temper- will have new Responsibilites. ance societies. The Importance of Keeping Well. Mr. O'Brien says the 1.0.G.T. will do all in its power, use every legitimate and just method tc%do New tiealth-Giving Blood and Full away with the trade." Legitimate means legal, and Strength are in does not of necessity mean just ; for instan6e, could the fanaties have their .way they would have enact- DR WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS ments stopping the sale of drink. If sanctioned by Parliament such soercive measures would be legitimate but still unjust because it is most unjust to forbid the use of alcohol and the benefit of stimulants to those who want them, provided always that the use of aleehol is not operating injuriously to the community. The abuse of alcohol is another thing and there is no reason why -all true and good men should not unite in an endedour to suppress the abuse of strong drink, but it is precisely the fanaticism, the whole- hoggishness of the so called temperance party which prevebts this. Ir. O'Brien asks, somewhat offensively I think, who told me that the public house wss the workingman's club and who told me total abstainers assumed all the virtues? He also opines I am young and enthtisiastic. My age is of no moment aid does not in any way affect the strength or otherwise of my arguments, nor make my logic sound or otherwise. If I were so impertinent as to drag in this argument of age I might ret)rt that as Mr. O'Brien admits he has a 30 year membership of the 1.0.G.T., he is therefore old and oat of date!

The now Workers' Compensation Act which comes into force on July Ist claims attention in every station of life. The liabilities of employers for accidents to their servants will be greatly increased ; workers will benefit, but the effect of the new law will be that only those in vigorous health will retain their places or be selected for vacancies. A sickly or anomie man or woman is more liable to accidents and the accidents are more serious in effect, so that employers will not engage weaklings. Strength and freedom from illness are what you , need if you want to keep in employment. Insure against loss of place by making yourself a vigorous, healthy employee not liable to have accidents. To both employers and employed Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People give more muscular strength and make more blood than any other remedy yet discovered. The New Rich Blood they make fortifies the system

responsibiliiies 1 against diseases. and weak_-_ nesses ; these pills "tone " the tired nerves, clear the brain and are the mainstay of health for both sexes at any age. Read the actual words of two people who attribute their splendid health entirely to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.

• AN EMPLOYER. Mr. W. G. Davies, proprietor of the New Inn Hotel, Radford-road, Nottingham, states:—" For months my blood seemed starved; I could not eat, for the least morsel brought on acute indigestion. I felt tired, weak and depressed, and could only sleep by fits and starts. My nerves were cernpletely run down.' I took Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and in a little while improved wonderfully. I slept well, the pains of indigestion disappeared and soon I was strong and healthy again.'

MY DEAR NEPHEWS AND NIECES,— . Here I am back again at my desk after a splendid time "down by the sea." I expelt little later, when your school breaks up, you will, most of you, be off for your annual trip, and will be enjoying yourselves with spade and pail by the seaside, or with lovely rambles and long walks in the country. Now this suggests to my mind a competition in which you can all take part. . . What kind of holiday do you like best—one by the sea or one in the delight- ful country? I know some of my readers who just love to go off to the sea coast, where they can splash and paddle to their heart's con- tent, but I have some more nephews and nieces who always tell me that they enjoy,. themselves much better in the country, a:'nd they chatter, away until their poor old Uncle is almost tired out with their wonderful stories of the fine romps and rambles they have had away in the country, at some quiet farm or wayside cot- tage. Now, then, which do YOIJ like best? For the beet two essays of not more than 100 words, I will give two 'splendid prizes. Send in, if possible, before next Saturday. It will not take you long, and if you don't get one of the first prizes, I may send you a consolation prize of some kind. Well, I shall wait and see if you deserve it.

Now I am ever so pleased at the letters I have received lately, but there are some of you from whom I have never heard once since you joined the corner. Fancy that! Of course, it is only because you have forgotten or been too busy, but remember, I shall expect .a line this week, so just sit down and write it. I want you all to read "Peaches and Patches." it is a delightful story sent me from across the seas for this column.

With love to you all, Ever your affectionate UNCLE NED.

ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. ALEC'WATSON.—I am glad t.o hear you do so well at cricket. That's right I Work hard while you work, and play hard when you play. MARJORIE E. SCOTT.—Thanks for your nice little letter. Glad you have not forgotten the

' C.C.L. HILDA TATTERSALL.—I hope I am not too late to wish you many happy returns of your birthday. Delighted to have you as a mem- ber of the Corner. Write again soon. A. TATTERSALL.—SO pleased with your nice lit.tle letter, but you do not say how old you are. SONN SWINN.—I like your contribution very much, but, you me, it was .too late for my June papers. Try again. WINNIE ELLIOTT.—Lots of thanks for pretty postcard. I am longing to hear the names of your two little friends.

JULY • 1 $ •"•- sts • What are your stew

===== 0002601_19070629_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSFIELD'S SPORTS.

Successful Gathering at Warrington.

The fifth snarls' sports in connection with Messrs. Crosfleld's Recreation Club were held on the Football ground, Wilderspool. on Saturday. The weather was fine, but cold, and the attendance was not so large as usual. The different items on the programme were all confined to the workpeople and valuable prizes were offered. There were a large number of competitors and the racing generally was good. During the pro- ceedings a number of selections were given by the Work's hand and these were much enjoyed. Results :

200 Yards Flat Race (youths under 17).-1, C. Billing- ton (18) ; 2, W. Barlow (8), 3, W. Whittaker (scratch). 1.00 Yards Flat Race.-1, J. E. Cartwright (0) ; 2, H. J. Smith (10), 3, C. Libbitter (5). One Mile Bicycle.-1. E. Bennett (80) ; 2, R. NoHand (110) : 3, H. Edwards (50). 100 Yards Flat Raoe (men over 36).-1, J. Mather (2) ; 2, J. Barlow (2) ; 3, D. Jones (5). 300 Yards Obstacle.-1, C. Sunderland (15) ; 2, E. Gibson (scratch) ; 3, F. Dandy (20). 80 Yards Flat Race (girls under 16).-1, B. Forster ; 2. E. Fitton : 3, C. Oakes. 410 Yards Flat Race.-1. E. Lightfoot (14) ; 2, S. Shipley (6) : 3, E. Hands (20). 100 Yards Flat Race (girls over 16).-1, B. Churm ; 2, L. Richardson : 3. E. Yarwood. 80 Ards Flat Race (men over 45).-1, R. Nolland ; (2) ; 2, P. L. Hill (5) ; 3, T. Grey (4). Two Miles Bicycle.-1, J. B. Ray (scratch) ; 2, J. Ormson (160) ; 3. D. Ray (180). 100 Yards Uniform Race.-1, C. Lightfoot (1) : 2, T. Libbitter (2) : 3, W. Deaden (1). Half-mile Flat Raco.-1, C. Dafnall (scratch) ; 2, J. Riley (scratch) ; 3, B. Rothwell (20). Half-mile Bicycle (Girls).-1, L. Kendrick ; 2, E. Millington ; 3, .G. Bill. One Mile Flat Race.-1, J. Hands (40) ; 2, F. Brobbin (140) ; 3, Bothwell (GO). At the conclusion of the sports Captain George Cros- field presented James Taylor with a marble timepiece for displaying great presence of mind in shutting off steam at the recent explosion at their works.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITE CITY, MANCHESTER.

The opening of the White City in ITanchester marks an epoch in outdoor amusement enterprises. And not to be outdone the Management has started its ball rolling with an almost endless variety of new and novel attractions for those who journey there looking for diversion and outdoor amusement. The former Royal Botanical Gardens are now transformed into a veritable Sylvan retreat, which makes it a distinctly. new feature. Not alone during the afternoon where delighted visitors listen to the playing of the best bands in Europe, but also at night is it a most beautiful spot .with its 40,000 electric lights set in artistic arches. The bands no doubt will prove one of the great features of the City of Pleasuse, which has been aptly termed "One of the earth's most beautiful spots, and not unlike the iluxurious palm-land of Bermuda." Messrs. Heathcote have demonstrated their artistic temperament in pro- ' diming the most beautiful ever seen in England. It is something more than that which has ever been seen before. It is the most gigantic yet attempted any- where in the amusement line. The White City has made ample provision for Mothers and Children, not alone in devices and attractions which will appeal to them especially, but where they can rest and enjoy themselves. It is proposed to cater to outings, and every provision is made for parties at reduced rates. Mr. J. Calvin Brown, the Managing Director of the White City, having Made outdoor amusements a study for many years will no doubt sustain his irreproachable reputa- tion he has he has done in America.

"I am amazed," declared Judge Selfe on Monday, when a plaintiff at Marylebone, suing a costerruonger for £79, said that he had dealt with accounts for £2OO due from costermongers. "Many of these men are exceedingly wealthy," declared he plaintiff.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Ax EMPLOYER.

Miss Nellie Baddeley, of 197. Farm-strest,Birmingham states :—" Specialists said mine was a most aggravated case of ancemia. I scarcely care to recollect the suffer- ings I experienced. Food of all kinds was repugnant. my limbs were weak and trembled exceedingly. I was sallow, dizzy, and frequently sick. 1 was fourteen weeks in hospital but withered away to a skeleton. Medicine did me little good until I took Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. In a few oweeks I was restored to health ; my appetite returned ; I regained all my lost strength and obtained a" position with a firm of electrical engineers." Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have cured Anmmia. Indiges- tion, Influenza's After-Effects, Eczema, Rheumatism, Sciatica, St. Vitus' Dance, Paralysis, and Ladies' Ail- ments. Sold at shops (but avoid substitutes, and take care that the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, is on every package), or direct from the British Depot, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, 2s. 9d. a box, or six for Ms. 9d.

0w.....,..N.m1e11•M11MM

===== 0002601_19070629_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPER PRIDE.

Children are very sansitive about the appearance of the little packages of fowl brought from home to be eaten on the school premises in the presence of other children. They like to have food that not only is nice but looks it. Thinly cut slices of Currant Bread and butter amply fulfil both these conditions and form a light sustaining lunch that can be eaten with pride and profit by the most fastidious of little folks.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
VOLUNTEER SERGEANTS.

Shooting Match at Appleton.

The non-commissioned officers of the Ist. V.R. P.W.V. South Lancashire Regiment, recently indulged in a shooting match on the Appleton Rifle Range. The Staff Sergeants challenged the Colour Sergeants and Sergeants and teams of twelve aside were selected the best ten shots to count. The following were ths scores : STAFF SERGEANTS' TEAM. Sergeant-Instructor J. Allardice Sergeant-Drummer J. Plinston Colour-Sergeant T. Jolley Q.-M.-Sergeant J. Wilcock 39 Sergeant-Insructor M.Newall - 37 Colour-Sergeant R. McLeish '34 W. Spencer '34 , t W. Woods 33 !T C. Russell 31 , •• J. Bullen

366 Counted out Colour-Sergeant Jones 26 J. Thomas 21

,- , SERGEANTS' TEAM. . Sergeant A. Woods 46 Sergeant-Major G. H. Ingram 43 Colour-Sergeant Instructor H. Cleaver 43 Sergeant W. Howard (captain) Farrier-Sergeant S. Maginn Sergeant T. Richardson „ J. Lloyd 36 „ R. Roberts 36 „ J. Massey 34 „ C. Thornly

Counted out Sergeant Moss, 31. Rigby, 31. The sergeants thus won by 22.

After the match- the competitors adjourned to the Drill Hall. where a first-class hot-pot was served in the Sergeants' Mess by the Officers' Mess Steward (Mr. W. Broadhurst). The remainder of the evening was spent in an enjoyable smoker, songs, &c., being given by Sergeants Lloyd, Rigby, Massey and Connor. Mr. W. Gorse (Warrington's blind pianist) accompanied on the piano. The toasts of the evening were "The King, ' " The Queen,"" Colonel Edelsten and Officers of the Battalion," add " The Permanent Staff." During the evening another challenge by the Staff- Sergeants was accepted hp the S•rgeants, to take place under the same conditions in July. In toasting the winning team Sergeant Drummer Plinston (Captain Staff-Sergeant of the team) said he hoped very shortly to be able to arrange matches with the Officers, Corporals, and Privates.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

I BABY'S REMARKABLE ESCAPE.—A boy about 18 months old, named Frank Tomkinson, living at 49, ! Warrington-road, bed a very narrow escape from serious injury last week. Whilo playing in the roadway ran towards a cart standing opposite Brookfield-terrace, I snd the driver, not noticing the lad, started the horse, when the wheel of the cart passed over the child's side. ,He was taken with all speed to Dr. Murray, who examined him, and fortunateiy found that no bones , whre broken. He is, however, suffering from shock and ! bruises.

GLTILD.—The members and friends of the Penketh and Padgate Wesley Guilds silent an enjoyable afternoon on Saturday when they visited Frodsham. From 20 to 10 went on cycles and the remainder by train from Fiddler's Ferry, meeting the Pedgate friends at Warrington. The party visited the Frodshsm branch of Dr. Stevenson's children's home and Orphanage and reached home at about ten o'clock.

COD

~v. lel lit f7/1.-: : j , „ , :t. ~,,,, - •.: ' ,:,./ ~,.. , *•%,,,'. ~ 1 ~,,,....,., •••:' .. ~ ~ ,-- . '' : - . . . / ' F

===== 0002601_19070629_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19070629_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
WELdONIE TO

Dorothy Machan, Hilda Tattersall, Marjorie E. Scott, John Swinn, Arthur Tattersall as this right?)

===== 0002601_19070629_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
GROWN-UP LAND.

"Good morning, fair maid with eyelashes

brown, Can you tell me the way to Womanhood Town?" " Ohl This way, and that way, and never atop; 'Tis picking up stitches grandma will drop; 'Tis kissing the baby's troubles away; 'Tis learning that cross words will never pay; 'Tis helping mother; 'tis sewing up rents; 'Tis reading and playing; 'tis saving the pence; 'Tis loving and smiling; forgetting to frown— Oh! That is the way to WOMANHOOD TOWN." (Sent by A. TATTERSALL.)

===== 0002601_19070629_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BLANK BOOK.

An old man and a golden-haired boy sat to- gether. A book lay before them. Its binding was bright and new, -ite, pages clean and white, but blank. "This book is yours," said the old man, "and each page representaa day. It is for you so to write in it, that the book, when full, may not be less fair than it is now with its leaves white and spotleFe." The 'boy took the gift joyfully, confident that it would be better for his handiwork.. A year passed away. The old man called for the book. The child came slowly with hanging head, and gave it up reluctantly. Every page was defaced with crooked lines and ugly blots. "Can, I not rub them out ?" said the boy tearfully. The old man shook his head. "Marks made on these pages cannot be rubbed out," said he, ".hey must always remain. But try again; see, Were is another book." The child looked up and Sighed. I cannot write well," he said, "unless you guide my hand." A book is set. up before each of you every day, and you have to fill its pages. What will you write in it? Unkind thoughts, selfish words? You certainly will Unless you aek God Who gives you the day to guide your hand. (Sent by HILDA TATTERS ILL.)

- -4.

"Pa, is there any difference between a cold and the infiuenzy?" If the doeior calls it a cold the bill is about half a guinea• if he calls it influenza it's about five guineas. The difference is four and a half guineas, my son."

"Bridget," said the mistress, reprovingly, "this is absolutely the worst pie I ever tried tb eat. You told me you could bake as good pies as any cook in the city." . The new kitchen girl placed her arms akimbo and faced her mistrees defiantly. "So I can, mim," she said. "So I can. But all the leddies I iver wurruked fur mixed the pies thimsilves befure I baked 'em, mim I"

10 IF TEDDY HADN'T BEEN GOOD. Br EMMA C. Down. ' If Teddy hadn't been good that day, He wouldn't have gone to the fair; If he hadn't gone. he wouldn't have seen The dear little girl dressed all in green, Who made his acquaintance there.

.ESA (BY CAROLYN WELLS.. It was Dorothy's birthday, and she was seven years old for the first time in her life.

She had had beautiful presents. Mamma had given her a silver thimble with D on it, and papa had given her a love4r drawing-slate. Aunt Edith had sent her a book, and grandma a dear little box of handkerchiefs. ,

But the biggest gift of all had come by express from Aunt Jennie.

And it was'nothing more nor less than a pink gingham dress with a pocket in it! In all her seven years ,Dorothy had never had a pocket before, and she begged to be allowed to wear the new dress to echool, that all the girls might see the wonderful pocket. "But you can take a holiday to-day if you like," said her mother, "and stay at home from school because it is your birthday." "No, mamma," said Dorothy. "I want to go to school speshly to-day; and I want to carry my patches in my pocket. And, oh. can't I have a piece of the ' sky ' ? " "Yes," said her mother, smiling, "as it is your birthday, you may have a piece of the 'sky.'" You see, Dorothy's little school was kept by two dear, old-fashioned ladies, who taught sew- ing as well as other lessons. And the beginners in the sewing class always made patchwork. And Dorothy was a beginner. Every day she took four neatly cut pieces of silk, and came home with them all sewed together in a lovely block for her quilt. Her mother cut the pieces for her from differ- ent coloured silks, and, of course, some were prettier than others. But loveliest of all was a yard of light blue satin which Aunt Jennie had sent for this very purpose. It was such a fair, clear blue, that Dorothy called it her "sky," and was always glad to sew a block cut from it. So on her birthday she happily folded the carefully cut pieces of sky in a bit of white tissue paper, and deposited the parcel in her convenient new pocket. Her new thimble also went in, and one of grandma's new handker- Chiefs. Then the happy little maiden kissed her mother and ran off to school, which was only three blocks away. As she went out of the gate she met the grocer's man coming in.

"It's my birthday!" she said, for she was well acquainted with him.

" Arrah, it is?" he said. "Thin I'll be afther givin' ye a present. Here's two peaches for ye. They're not big, but they're ripe and sweet, an' they'll do ye no harrum." 'Dorothy thanked the good-natured man, and, putting the peaches in her new pocket, compla- cently thought how many nice friends she seemed to have.

Stopping to talk to the grocer nearly made her late for school, but by hurrying a little she reached there just in time to march upstairs in the line.

Then came singing and other opening exer- cises, and at half-past nine the sewing class was called.

"It's my birthday," said Dorothy to Miss Katherine, "and I have a lovely blue-sky block to sew."

"That's nice," said the teacher. "Let me see

Dorothy dived down into lier pocket, but quickly pulled back her hand in dismay. You see, the peaches were very ripe, and as Dorothy was not in, the habit of sitting very still, but often wiggled about, and occasionally bumped against a desk or chair or the little girl next to her, those peaches had just smashed them- selves into a jelly, and you can imagine what the sky-blue satin bits looked like Dorothy tried not to cry, but she was natur- ally a tidy little girl, and the stained, sticky blocks and peach-filled pocket just seemed as if they were going to spoil her whole birthday. But Miss Katherine said kindly, "Oh, what a sad accident! But never mind, deary, you can be excused from sewing to-day." "I don't mind so much about the block," mill Dorothy, still bravely fighting back her tears, " but my new pocket is so—so horrid!" Then what do you think Miss Katherine did? She just took out her scissors, and ripped out that little pocket. and took it away into another room. And she threw away the soft peaches, and washed and ironed the pocket and the handkerchief, and. rescued the little silver thimble, and then she sewed the pocket in Dorothy's frock again, and the sun shone once more. But Dorothy learned a lesson never to put peaches and patches in the same pocket.

THE MATERIALS WERE HERS.°

Ethel's father is an artist. The New York Pre.gs says he often permits his little daughter to stay in the studio with him and paint. Ethel has some brushes and paint of her own, and usce them with some ability and more satisfac- tion. One day a visitor called at the studio, and Ethel eagerly showed him a small canvas. "rid you paint this?" asked the visitor, in surprise.'

"Yes, sir," said Ethel. "Well, well, it is very good indeed! Are you cure you painted it all yourself ?" "No, not all," Ethel admitted, reluctantly. "Papa helped me a little,"

"Oh!" "But he used my brushes," the little girl hastily added.

THE BROOK SONG, It tripe o'er the pebbles In tinkles and -trebles ;

It slides and it glides in its fetterless glee ; It doubles And bubbles; It rimples And dimples; And so it goes racing adown to the sea. By lowland and highland, By marshland and island, Its course from its source is the course cot the free; It hurries And scurries Through noonshine And moonshine, I Ar,d .ever 00e4 singing adown to the sea.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
200 YEARS A SECRET.

GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES.

For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has been kept in one Family. Its curative action is wonderful in all case., of WOUNDS, CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, and all SKIN TROUBLES.

It at once soothes and heals. and cannot hurt the most delicate skin. In many cases of very long standing it has quickly cured, even when doctors have despaired. Frae for 14 stamps. GRANNIE COMPANY, NORWICH.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, •

===== 0002601_19070629_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

FRONI WARRINGrON TO

Acton Bridge-7 14, 7 40. 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 5, 1 10. 2 55, a 3 35, 5 16, '5 50, 723 p.m. Sunday, 10 15 a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blacknool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 7 5, 8 35, 9 58, 11 42, 1411 55, a.m. 1 50, 4 39, .a 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 0, p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. 'Blackpool (L. and N.-W. Talbot-road'-5 30, 78, 8 35, 0 58. 11 42, 11 53 a.m. 1 50, 4 39, 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 98, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 6 0 p.m. I: Saturdays only. Chester-7.34, 8 17. 9 5, 10 23, 11 30 a.m. 12 30, 140, 1 58,2 30 3 19, 4 22, 5 6,6 4,7 54,8 5,10 20, 11 35 p.m. Sundays- 8 44, a.m. 7 45, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green 7 5. 85. 8 25, 10 10, 10 55 a.m. 12 26, 2 45, 3 45, 5 15, 6 37, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30 P.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Dareshury-7 34, 9 sa.m. 12 30, 230.3 19, 56, 64, 85,10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham 11111-7 36, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 64, 744 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Earlestown-5 30, 75, 8 5. 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10.14,10 55, 11 l'); a.m. 12 25, 1 15,2 45,3 43,350 15, 637, 7 8, 7 40. 9 25, 10 23, 10 30. all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Suhdays 7 46, 8 35, 843 a.m. 5 10,6 0, 7 57. 9 54 p.m. Fiddle's' Ferry and Penketh-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 80, 100 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 34. 95,10 23 10 30, a.m. 12 30 2 30, 3 19.4 22, 5 6. 6 4. 7 54,8 5, 10 20,a1l 35 p.m.Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golhorne-5 30, 75, 85, 10 53, 11 05 a.m. 1 15, 8 50, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 pm. Sundays 843 a.m. 60 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 56, 64, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.ni. Irlam,Cadishead-7 0,7 50 88. 9 3 a.m. 22, 458, 710, 9 15, all 50 p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 18, 11 32 a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18, 935 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 .45, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, 'aB 30, 9 25 p.m. Sdll days 6 30,8 46 a.m.3 5,8 10 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liverpool(C.L.C.)-a4 40,5 35,7 5,755,8 2.8 50,9 5, 9 50,10 30, 10 50, 11 50 am. 12 0,12 50,1 10, bl 13,1 50, 2 7, 2 50, 3 13, 3 50, 3 56, 45, 4 10. 4 50, 5 50, 5 57, 6 50, 75, 7 50. 80, 8 50, 8 55, 9 40, 10 4, 10 40, blO 42, bll 10, 11 30, 11 39 p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, a Saturdays excepted. Sundays 4 40, 533, 9 0,9 45, 9 55, 11 20 a.m. 2 20, 2 39, 4 46, 6 0, 7 10, 8 28, 9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)--1-44 51, a 5 25, 7 11, 7 27, 8 23, 8 25, 9 19, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 1225, 155, 24.3, 320, 345, 347, 515, 6 17. 7 8, 740, 80, 9 25, blO 0, 10 30, bll 30 p.m. a Alondays only. Saturdays only. Sundays' 4 51, 5 30, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 28, 10, 60.80, 9 54 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49. 515, 610. 725 aB3O, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bll 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-Wl-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 56, 530, *75, 85, 825, 8 35' 919. 10 40. 10 55 a.m. 12 18. 1 15. 2 41,2 45, 3 31, 3 50,4 26, 5 15, 5 53, 6 33. 7 20, 8 6. 922, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 55, 4 56,7 46 a.m. 5 15, 6 0, 7 57, p.m. a Mondaysonly Manchester (C.L.C.)--6 55, 7 57, 88, 8 55, 93, 953, 10 55, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55. 1 55, 255, 355, 4 55,4 58, 5 55. 653 710, 755. 835, 8 55, 9 13, 9 55, blO 2, bll 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sundays 8 45. 9 37, 10 18, 11 32 Ilan 30, 315, 456, 50, 7 18, 853, 9 15,9 23, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 10 20, A.M. 12 5, 1 10, 2 55, a 3 35, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturday's only. Newton-le-Willows-2 55,144 45,5 30, 7 5,8 5,8 35, 9 19,9 25,10 10.10 40,10 55' 11 55, a.m. 12 18.12 25, 1 15, 1 50, 2 43:3 31. 3 50, 426, 4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 22, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 7 46, 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7,57, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Mon•4ays only. Padgate-7 0, 7 12, 7 45, 8 8, 8 35, 10 35, 11 22' a.m. 12 18, 1 41, 3 55, 4 58, 5.33, 65, 7 10.8 35, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0, 9 25 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 320,347,515, 617, 8 0, 10 0 p.m. Sankey-75, 82,95,100,115 a.m. 120, MO, al 8, 2 15, 3 23, 4 10. 5 28, 6 26, 7 5, 80, 90, blO 0, alO 42, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 20 a.m. 2 39, 97. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-7 30, 8 23, 9 15, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, G 17, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.m. 241.1, 8 13 p.m, Bt. Helens (L. & N.-W.)--7.5, 8.25, 10.10, 10 55, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3.20,3.45, 5.15 6.37, 7.8, 7.40, 8.0, 9.25, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 8.35, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays only. Southport C.L.C.-7.5, 8 35, a 0.36, 10.25. 11.2, a.m.1.27, 3.18, 4 10,5 3,b6.20,6 26, 7.40, 8 0, 9.15,10.35, p.m. Sundays, 9.35, am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. 'Mondays, Wednesdays, and Sa tu rday only. b Saturdays excepted. Thelwall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55. 10 53, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30, 7 5, 8 359 9 58, 10 55, 11 42 11 55 a.m. 115, 1 50, 3 50, 4 46, 51a, G 28, 7 20, 8 37, 98,10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 8 35,6 0, 9 54p.m. Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 5,9 t, 10 0, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, al 0, bl 13. 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 528, 6 26, 7 5, 8 0, 9 0, al° o,blo 37 p.m. a Saturdays excented, h Saturdays only. Sundays 90,9 35 a.m. 2 39, 918 p.m.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

Acton Bridge-6 32.7 40, 8 54, 10 57 a m. 12 19, a 2 49, 3 55, 4 41, 7 20, 8 28. Sundays 7 59 a m. a Wedneseays and Saturdays only. Blackpool ([ & N.-W.)-7 50. 8 25, 9 55, 10 22 11 10,12 45,a.m. al 30,2 5, 3 8, 5 30, 6 48, 8 25, c 9 10, b 9 40, 10 5, p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 115, 4 55, 8 45, P.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. c Thursdays only. Blackpool (L. & N.-W. Talbot Boad)-7 8, 8 40, 9 47, 11 25 a.m. 1 40, 2 25, 3 28, 5 20, 7 0,8 44, 100,1030 p.m. Sundays 7 25 a.m. 1 37,5 8, 7 20 p.m. Chester-2 25,14 20, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 2 0, 2 10, 3 0. 3 50. 5 18, 5 23,6 30, 7 33,8 10. 8 50 p.m. Sundays 2 25,4 20, 6 30 a.m.6 55, p.m. b Mondays excepted. Collins Green-6 40, 79, 845, 1024, 11 23 a.m. 12 43, 2 10, 3 5, 4 1. 5 38, 6 42' 7 47, 9 6, alO 43, 10 58 P.m. Sundays 8 10 a.m. 7 15 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Dariesbury--8 11, 10 17,11 18 a.tn.2 49, 6 2,7 11,8 48 p.m. Sundays 7 26 a.m. 7 47 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 39, 9 52, 10 52 a.m. 2.22, 35, 6 47, 8 22 p.m. Sundays 6 48 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Earlestown-7 2, 713, 8 47, 8 sn. 9 15. 9 45, 10 26, 10 36, 11 26 a.m. 1238, 1 14, 2 3, 3 27. 5 10, 5 43, 5 52, G 55, 7 43, 8 8, 9 10, 9 31, 10 47. all 1, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 3 33, 9 53, 957, 10 3 tI.M. 3 45, 7 21, 10 2 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-7 9, 8 53, 942, 10 45 a.m. 12 3, al2 57, 2 4, 3 27, 54, 62, G 58,9 14 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Satuulays only. Frodsham-7 53, 9 0, 101, ill, a.m. 231, 49 5 44,6 56, 8 31, p.m. Sunday 7 2, a.m. 7 24 p.m. Golborne---6 44, 8 26, 10 12.a.m. :2 17, 2 41. 4 31, 5 30, 7 15, 9 21, 10 42, a.m. Sundays 9 40 a.m. 7 5 p.m. Helshy-7 46, 8 56, 9 57. 10 57, a.m. 2 27, 4 7, 40, 654, 827, p.m. Sundal 6 53. a.m. 7 18, p.m. 'dam and Cadishead-6 19, 6 48, 7 35, 9 53, a.m. 1 7, 4 54. 6 54, 8 55, 11 20, p.m. Sundays 9 21, 11 0, a.m. 1 20, 2 22.6 55, 8 50, 10 0 p.m. Latchford-7 55. 8 40, 9 22, 10 2, 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45, 2 13. 3 0, 3 33, 4 26. b 539. 5 7, 6 49, 7 39, 9 52., c 11 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays axcepted. c Arpley. Sundays S 23 min. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool iC.L.C.I-5 10, G 30, 7 30, 7 40, 8 20, 8 30, 8 40, 9 20. 9 30, 9 33, 10 30. 11 5. 11 30, 11 33 11 50, a.m. 12 30, 12 50, 1 0, 1 30, 1 45, 2 30, 2 40,2 43, 4 0, 4 30, 4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 6 35, 7 30,1 35, 830, 836, 540, 930, hlO5O, 110, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 9 0, 10 55, 11 15 a.n,.2 30, 3 20, 4 0, 4 30, 6 15,6 30. 8 30, 9 35, p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-a 2 35,5 50,6 10,8 10,8 35, 9 5, 9 30, 9 55, 11 0 a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 2 45, 3 0, 3 35, 4 20. 4 50. 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 25, 8 30, 90, 1405, 10 45, b 11 15 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 n 5,9 20 a.m.2 10. 6 30,7 15.1045 p.m. Lvmm-7 45,8 32.9 14. 9 51,11 3 a.m. 1 11, al 37, 2 5,2. 50, 330, 4 18, b 5 31, 5 59, 641, 731, 943 11 33 p.m. a Saturdays only; b Saturdaysexcepted. Sundays 8 15 a.m. 2 25, 7 15 p.m. Manchester (Central)-5 55, 6 30, 7 30, 8 30.a9 5, 9 30, 9 33, 10 5, 10 311, 10 35, 1/ P. • . 12 30, 12 50,

1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 3 45, 4 30, 4 35, 5 30, 60, 6 30, 6 35, 7 10, 7 30, 8 30, 8 35, 0 20. 10 20, n.lO 50, 11 0 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 30, 95, 9 30, 10 30 a.m. 1 40, 2 0.2 5, 5 40, 633, 8 30, 940 p.m. MancheAter (London Road.)-75,7 50,9 20,, 10 23, a.m. 12 30, bl 5, 2 0,2 55, :3 40, a5O, 5 20, 5, 6 55, 95, 11 0, p.m. Sundays 7 30. HAM 1 40, 630 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. b Saturdays only. Moore-6 56, 96,11 9 a.m. 12 32, a 3 1, 48, 4 55, 733 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 4 58p.m, a Wednes- days and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 20, 8 42, 97, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 11 8 a.m. 12 35, al 5. al 28, 1 44, 37, 4 48, 55, 5 38, 549,627.730,85, 931, 103, 114, all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3 40, 7 20, 11 7 pin, a Saturdays only. Padgate-6 30, 6 38, 753 8 29,9 0, 10 3 a.m. 1 20, 2 0, 5 5, 6 18, 7 5, 9 6, 10 25 11 32 p.m. Sundays 8 52, 11 14 a.m. 2 33, 9 12, 10 14, 10 20 p.m. Runcorn-5 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. .12 21, 14, 3 7, 4 40, 5 41, 6 30, 8 10. 10 10 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 7 50, 8 27, 9 30,10 16, 10 55 a.m.12 36 `.l 14 0, 2 35, 3 43, 4 35, 5 26,5 36, 623, 7 25, 8 28, 9 32, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m. 4 8,8 54, p.m.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
'.4,

CRICKET.

West Lancashire League. FIRST DIVIsION. WARRINGTON V. ST. HELENS RECS.—At Warrington. Score :

WARRINGTON. ST. HELENS RECS. J. Callon c Norbury b Gregory c Bibby b GrAgory W. Richardson b Gregory 3 A. D. Pilkington b H T. Wright run out 0 Callon W. H. Podmore b Gregory 6 H. Harper bH. Callon 0 E. A. Connor st Gray b T. Ainge b H. Callon 0 Harper 59 H. Kerr b Creswell... 8 J. W Bibby b Kerr Cresswell b lCerr l2 Callon W:y. Turton c Gray b W. Shaw c Duckworth _ _ __ ._.. ..

Kerr J. Thompson c Gregory T. Conliffe not out b Kerr H. Callon lbw b Shaw 1 J. E. Walker b H. A. Duckworth not out 0 Callon W. Gray c Podmore b Cressvrell 0 Extras

Total 123 Total .ll BOWLING ANALYSIS.

WARRINGTON. ST. HELENS RECS. Gregory l5 3 37 3 Cresswell ...16.2 11 10 4 Kerr 14.4 530 4 H. Callon... 16 12 14 Shaw Harper STANLEY V. S. HELENS.—At Stanley. Scores : ST. HELENS. STANLEY. S. G. Urmson b Alsop... 7 T. N. Smyth b Holden 3 Holden b Gleig R. N. Turner b Stott 59 H. Farrell b Ormson... 1 T. B. Rigby lbw h Gleig 0 R. Gleig run out ...... 5 H. Edwards'c Moore b S. G. Moore c and b Gleig G. A. Marsden- b Gleig... 0 R. Lightfoot c and b A. Crompton c Gleig b Urmson 0 Farrell L. Hammill b Farrell 0 W. Stott b Marsden... 46 W. Tickle lbw b Farrell 4 E.Hoyle lbw b Marsden 0 J.Marsh c Gleig b Farrell 0 T. W. Walsh not out... 7 J. Mayho not out 2 A. Alsop b Holden ... 7 Extras 8 Extras

Total 122 Total ...102 NEWTON-LK-WILLOWS v. PRHSCOT.—At Newton-le- Willows. Score :

PRESCOT. NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. J. Evans 1) Cooke _

H. Stott b Cooke - 1 J. P. Preston lbw b P. P. Mercer b Sharp 4 Howarth Sharp b Cooke W. E. Bixter hit wkt b Howarth cG. Prescott

Howarth .. 23 b Sharp G. A. Prescott c Howarth J. Pendry c G. Presdot b C. W. Hindley 2l b Stockley J. M. Swift not out D. Prescdt c C. W Stockley ,Hindlev b Porter T. Seddon bC W Hindley 1 C. W. Porter b Stockley 0 J. Stockley b C. W. Rev. A E Bass not out 32 Hindley 1 W. Wright b Stockley 7 W. L. Holden c Mercer , C. W. Hindley 0 Extras - 6

Tot-11 138 SECOND DIVISION'.

Total

WARRINGToN 2ND V. ST. HELENS RECREATION.— Played at St. Helens. Scores :

- WARRINGTON. ST. HELENS RECS. P. B. Havrtin not out ... 66 H. J.Burreil oE. Pier-

R. G. Pierpoint lbw b J. point b Bennett Addison 2 J.Southwftrd bPlinston 0

T. Houghton c Parry b W. Starkey c 13enbett Starkey 3 b Plinston 7 A. Thewlis c Burrell bJ. J. Addison o and b 11

Addison

ANnywell _

H. Dolan lbw b Starkey 3 G. Pfirry b Plinston 0 Sergt. linigbt,b Starkey 0 H. Addison c Bennett E..Pierpoint c Eaves b J. _b Plinston l6

Addition S. Baxter b Starkey D. Plinston c and b Plinston Brooks W. Bennett b .1. Addison 19 J. Williams c Hawtin

J. Waywell bH. Addison 2 b Bennett lO D. Brooks not out 3 Extras

Total l3l Total (for 9 wkts)l3 6 NAVVTON 21ID v. PRESCOT 2ND.—Played at Prescot. Scores :

PRESCOT. J. Birchall run out

NEWTON. 0 F Bottomley c Davies

C. H. Lyons b Bancks ... 26 b Jones - 8 J. Beesley c Walton b A. Pendry c Davies b Bottomley . 7 Jones 0 A. Simms c Thompson b C. Gee c Rodgers b Wilkinson lO Jones 4 J. Whitfield c& b Bancks 1 H. Lyons lbw b Jones 0 J. Rodgers not out F. Dickie b Bancks W. Jones b Bancks J. Featherstone run out 6 P. Robinson b Jones 46 C. Naylor b Bancks J. Davies o Walton b Rodgers b Jones ... 8 Bancks

Jones 0 F. Walton c Dickio b Jones 8 R. Bancks not out 0 Extras

Total 73 Total 119 Friendly Matches.

SANKEY' WIRE MILLS IST V.BIRKENHE.A.D MUNICIPAL EMPLOYF.ES.—At Lengshaw-lane. Scores :

SANKEY WIRE MILL. BIRKINHRAD st.a. W. Woodcock bG. Smith 4 G. Smith b Brough 8 H. Brough bF. Braid ... 0 A. Smith b Brough 0 S. Partridge b F. Braid 0 S. Pritchard c Clarke A. IL Gleave bF. Braid 2 b Jakeraan T. Whitfield b G. Smith 2 R. Pritchard at Clare H. Hawthorn b F. Braid 25 b Woodwick 8 H. Clarke bP. Braide ...14 J, Higgins b Gleave E. Clare b Burkhill 6 J c Hawthorn _

E. Whitt-laid not out ..... 8 b Gleave S. Jakeman b Burkhill ... 0 W. Davies b Gleave P.O.Bailey lbw bßurkhill 2 W. Thomas b Gleave 1 F. Braid not out W. Braide b etleave Extras

Total GS Total ITIGHFIEILD TANNRRY V. LATCHFORD BAPTIST.—. Played at Runcorn on Saturday. Scores

i ATCIIFORD BAPTIST. HIGH FIELD. A. Walker lbw b Stonely 1 W. Carter c Warhurst T. Dixon b Carter 0 b Conway 9 J. Cox b Carter T. Albinson b Steneley 5 b Conway 0 .1. Lester b Carter J. B. Wilkinson b Carter 0 3 Leathwood b Conway I A. Warburst b Stonely 0 T. Williamson b Cox 4 W. Hayes run out '2 S. Watton b Conway... 4 J. Stowell b Carter A. Alhinson lbw b J. Forshaw c Wilkinson Stoneley

1 J. Looker not out 1 J. Conway. run out P Rowlin§on b Conway 0 A. Rowlitison not out 0

Extras

Extras

Total HIGHFIELD 2ND V. i...A.TCHFO RD BAPTIST 2ND.- At Warrington on Saturday. Scores LATCH FORD. _ JIIGJiFLLD 2ND. _

A. Lowe b Looker _ 5 L. Johnson run out ... 8 W. Bennett b Looker 0 W. Horton c Albinson H. Parker b Looker 0 b Lowe 0 M. Llewellyn b Looker 14 R. Bazley c Once b T. Lloyd run out P. Grico b Johnson S. H. Jordan c Horton Lo,we 3 b Looker lO P. Williamson c P.Kirkham c .5: b Looker 0 Llewelly b Bennett... 1 H. Davies not out .. 10 B. Mowbray b Lowe... 4 A. Starkey c Spruce b H. Spruce c Lloyd b Johnson J. Albinson b Locker ... 1 IX Marshall b Bennett 0 E. Blades b Bennett G. Rate nq out 2 A. Hankey at Kirkham Lowe 1 Extras

Total 63

Total

MARSIIHOUSE-LANE V. FAIRFIELD JUNIORS.—PIayed at Marshhouse-lane on Satutday. Scores :—Marsh- honae-lane, 17; Fairfield Juniors, 28.

ST. ELPHIN'S v. DAINTITH'S ELEVEN.—PI fly ed on Saturday at Paddington. Scores : ST. ELPH IN'S. • D AINTITH'S ELEVEN. H. Smith b B. Range 2 R. Range c Smith b .1. A. IVhittle b Smith 3 Whittle 4 0

G. Houghton t) B. Range 1 .1, George run out

A. Lythgoe c & b B.

Rvige.:

S. Craik- b Nield

3 A. Isherwood run out 3

C. Locker b Essenhigh... 17 B. Range b Whittle— 8 M. Neild h Essenhigh... 3 R. Essenhigh b Whittle 8 S. Brimelow b Essenhigh 9 Jas. llaintith b Locker 2 F. Newbold b lissenhigh 0 S. Essenhigh c Whittle R. Eessechigh b Essen- b Locker high _ . 0 C. Smith b Nield _ . . . .

V.CoVe b Essonhigb 0 John Daintith not out 1 P. Boyd not out Extras

Total 46

Total 52

G P ALL 17. TAY m.—At Grappanhall. Scores: G R APPESH ALL. LYM M. R. Ellis c and b Hartley 14 H. S. Saville b Carter 12 J. Warburton c Pollitt b Sev. D. R. Davies b Hartley 0 Carter

Jas. Bur-I:Tows b Ferriss 2 J. Ferriss lbw b Carter 12 W. Carter b Saville

A. Evans hit wkt b

Burrows

Hartley 1 F. H. Smith b Carter 0 H. Carter c & b Hartley 9. A. Marsden c Johnson A. Fletcher b Hartley Jno. Burrows not out ... 9 C. Smith b Carter NV. Watson b Ferries- 4 A. E. Hartley run out 3 J. Johnson b Hutley ... 8 E. Hewitt c Burrows b W. Pollard b Hartley ... 0 Carter R. E. Wilkes not out 0 J. Gibbon at Ellis b Burrows Extras 5 Extras ...

Total 7O

~ 4

Total

LY II It 2ND Y. G RAPPENH ALL 2ND. —At Lymm. Scores :

G fiAPPENH ALL. LY MM. G. Toulmin b Brown 26 A. Clark c Toulmin b T. Woodward run out 1 Slack l2 W. Wicks b_Brown l3 F. Cha.p c Slack b

J. Jones b Brown F. Light b Brown 0 E. Rouse c Jones b A. Slack b Clarke ... S. Jenkins b Champ J. Peters c Richards b S. Pollitt oBc b Slack 17 Brown

M. Callinder b Champ 1 W. Harrison lbw b F. Robinson not out 3 Callinder J. Marshall run out A.C. Saville b Caßinder 0 A. Richards lbw b Callinder A. Chapman not out 0 Extras

Total WIDNES WHITE ROSE V. WINDSOR WESLEYANS.—At Widnes on Saturday. Scores :

ESLEY ANS. WHITE ROSE. J. T. Topping lbw b Hill 5 J. Davies run out W. Moseley b Sadler ... 1 J. Wilcock run out J. Davies c Gleave b r. Hill b Hilditch Sadler

C. Evans c Barber b F. Robinson b Evans... 4 ' Sadler.

A. Hilditch b Sadler 5 F. Gleave b Evans 5 S. Moseley b Sadler 3 W. Hague b Evans 4 H. Mosley b Hill- 3 H. Barber not out 0 R. Johnson b Sadler 1 W. Owen c Johnson b _

G. E. Dalgarno not out... 5 Hilditch 0 J. Rimmer b Hill T. Grocoth b Hill 0 Extras

Total 37

Total ...... 44

SECONDARY SCHOOL V. ORFORD C.C.—At Padgate on Saturday. Scores : • • , SECONDARY SCHOOL. ORFORD. Stirrup c Sandy b Wood- Woodhouse b Partridge 0 house 1 Parkes c Partridge b Ormsby b Woodhouse Waywell c Sandy b Lawton c Ormsby b Jolley Foulkes b Jolley Partridge c b Wood- Foulkes ll house 4 Sandy lbw b Partridge 1 Wright c Short b Wood- ',Caldwell c Eccles b house 3 Partridge Eccles Irs Caldwell b H. Short b Partridge 0 Woodhouse Bell c Short b Wood- _ Hodgson b Foulkes ... 0 .... .. .

house 0 Bennett c Foulkes b Hyde b Jolley 0 Partridge 3 Swaine c Sanders b EAnders not out

Woodhouse 0 Lidiard not out 1 Extras

Extras

Total

Total 4O

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. P. W. L. D. Pts Orford Barracks St. James' 7 4 ... 1 ... 2 ... 10

Cheshire Lines 8 4 -. 4 -. 0 -. 8 Ntsokies Wilderspool Brewery 5 ... 2 ... 2 ... 1 ... 5 Bevrsey Wesleyans Castle Rubber Walker's Brewery CIIESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS v. CASTLE RUBBER WORlCS.—Played at Battersby-lana on Saturday Scores :

CASTLE RUBBER. ENGINEERS. Newton run out 9 J. Duckworth b Poole 17 Morris b Deeley Poole b Dooley 1 Riley b Bell 3 Burns b Deeley 0 W. Hill run out Forster b Deeley 5 Mnnks c Fairbrother b Wright lbw b McKay Bell not out 6 E. Deoley b Morris ... 14 Hodgson b Mol4ay 3 G. Chamberlain b Woods c Howard b Wright Deeley 4 W. Chamberlain at Burke c and b Chamber- Forster b Morris ... 1 lain Fairbrother b Chamber- McKay b.Burns lain 0 Povey not out... 0 Extras

Total 4O

Total

Sr. JAMES'S T. WALKER'S BREWERI7.—At Arpley Scores : WALKER'S. ST. JAMES'S. A. Woods c Cartwright b W.H.Minards c Woods Green.

J. Edwards c Foster b F. R.C.Tole b Messiter 2 Holt C. Leigh b Holt ll Messiter l6 P. Messiter b Knight ... 0 J. F. Foster c Turner b A. Ross c Grounds b Messiter 0

Knight B. Price st Cartwright b W. Grounds c Price b Knight , 2 Messiter 5 R. Knight b Holt - 2 H. Wadsworth c Carr b M. Carr not out 3 Messiter 0 E. Dower b Holt 1 J. CArtwright o and b E. Willett b Knigh I. Turner b Knight A. Green not out H.lsloodward did not bat 1 lt xtras

Total 2O Total MAcicies v. WILDERSPOOL BREWERV.—PIayed at Wileerspool. Scores MACKIE'S. WILDERSPOOL. C. Burrell b Hallows ... 1 W. Howard b J Wood- J. Woodbead c Howard head b Hallows H. Sankey b Howard G. Woodbeftd b Howard 2 head C. Gelderd b Hallows... 2 C. G. Stone bJ. Wood-

. Appleton b Howard... 0 head W. Kimberley c Hallows T.Thompson bAppleton 1 b Howard Vi! Webb c Stone b _ W.Webster b Appleton 3 ... .

Howard P.Cliffe not out 6 R. Harmer not out 3 H. Lilford lbw b Stone 0 D. Briggs b J. Wood- G. Davies c Webster b head Howard 6 R. Fairbrother b J. Woodhead ""' 0 Extras

Total fl-(

Total

HOLY TRINITY V. MACKIES 2ND.—Played at Arpley, and resultpd in a win for Trinity. Scores :—Holy Trinity, 71 ; Mackies 34.

The Examiner, Saturday, June 29, 1907.

SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS DEVIATION OF STANDARD CLOCKS.

In an address to the • American Associa- tion for the Advancement of Science, it was Gtated that the value of the mean deviation of daily rate for a United States naval clock made in 1904 is 0015 second; for the Ley- den Observatory clock of 1900 it is 0028 second ; for the Berlin Observatorgh clock of 1877 002 to 003 second; and for the Green- wich 1900 clock, o'osl second.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0118.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
lIME

===== 0002601_19070629_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
EMI

===== 0002601_19070629_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD CHILDREN'S MEDICINE.

Probably nothing tests a woman's patience more than restless cbildren. In the spring and summer months, when nature is forcing the kidneys to do extra heavy work, and the natural channels are not ready to take i away the impurities thrown out by the blood, children I are tldgetty and fretful. Their skin becomes cloißEy, land irritating pimples and spots are troublesome. Remember-this, and instead of scolding, try a course of • the following prescription,which is said to clear the skin in a week, and will help the kidneys to carry away the poisons which have collected in the systems during the winter: Tincture of Buchu, one ounce ; Karox Compound, one ounce ; Syrup of Lemon, two ounces. Any good chemist keeps these ingredients, and will put up the prescription, or it may be mixed at home. Half it teaspoonful should be taken after meals and at bedtime for a week and the result noted. This pre- scription is also strongly recommended to adults, but 1 the dose for them will, of course, be double.

Judge Willis, tho purist of the Southwark County Court, was sharp upon a solicitor who remarked on Tuesday, "I will just slip into his office and see' "Slip in! Say I will go to his office, and see what can be done," was his Honour's somewhat tart remark.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
INCOMPREHENSIBLE FIGURES.

A professor at Lehigh University has made a calculation to shew that if a tiny vessel of one cubic centimetre (0061 cubic inch) capacity is filled with hydrogen _corpuscles there can be placed the i -rein, n round num- ber, 525 octillions 525,000,000,000,000, 000,000,000,000,000—0 f them. If these cor- puscles are allowed to run out of the vessel at the rate of 1;000 per second. it will require 17 quintillions 17,000;000,00D,000,000,000— of years to empty it. We leave it to our readers, comments the Scient;fie American, to calculate how long the filling prdOess will require.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
CONCRETE FOR SHIP SALVAGE.

An ingenious plan is described in Coin- mercial America- for using concrete for sal- vage purposes in the case of the wreck of the George W. Elder, sunk in the Columbia River and badly holed ,by rock. One hole, 80ft. from the bow, measured 35ft. in each direction. Bulkheads were built by divers forward and aft of the break, and two more aft of the engine-rogm, heavy canvas was placed over the rock which projected into the ship, And concrete was placed over the canvas until a thick covering over the, entire surface had been formed. When the con- crete had set it waS held down by a beam placed athwart the hold. The water was then pumped out and the vessel floated, and was taken forty miles to a dry dock. -

===== 0002601_19070629_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COLOURS OF NATURE.

Nothing in nature is actually the colour that we see it, says a- swell-known scientific observer. It only appears to U 6 at a given moment as a particular colour in relation to other apparent colours which surround it. Thus we may walk out .on a rainy evening when the sky and everything was grey, and come indoors and light the lamp, and im- mediately the sky which we .see through the window appears as a beautiful and tender blue, though there was no tiace of blue in the sky a minute before, when we were out- side. The change ,is produced in our 'senses by the colour of the sky taking its place in relation to a range of warm colours in the lighted room. In the Same way the presence of a mit.n with a lantern, or a light in a win- dow, will apparently change the colour of things in its neighbourhood, and • a mass of any strong colour, such as red, blue, or orange, will supest its complementary colour in surrounding objects.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
ONLY ONE WHEEL IN A CLOCK.

A clock has ben made to frun and to keep time by means of a single wheel, which is nat a gear wheel, but _simply a perforated disc, so that the timepiece might aptly be called a. gearless clock. The work ordinarily performed by a pendulum and a gearing is done by a quarter-inch steel ball, which rolls over two inclined plates in just a minute of time and rolls off the lower 'plate into the lower hole of the disc, it the same time re- leasing the disc, which' is always under ten- sion imparted to it by two ball' weights sus- pended in towers on either \side of the dial. The disc carries thirty balls on one side, and

when released by the rolling of the ball on the lower plates against a locking device turns the space of one hole, or one minute, thus bringing the uppermost ball into position to roll on the top plate and .begin its zig-zag course down the two inclined plates, as did the preceding ball. Each ball rolls over the plate once ev.gry ,thirty minutes.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
FATIGUE OF METALS.

Why does a barber clip his razor hitt, hot water before beginning operations? This was one of the questions answered by Dr. Ewing in, the Wilde lecture to the Manchester Literary and PhilosOphical Society. The custom, it appears, is not a mere fetish, nor •is it practised in order to sterilise the blade, though it has a scientific justification. In the process of stropping the particles' of metal forming the cutting edge are swayed to And fro, and forced to take positions other than those which make for stability and per- manence, or, to use the technical expression, " fatigue " sets in. Now recovery from fatigue amongst metals, as among more im- portant aggregations of molecules, is as- sisted by warmth and rest, so that the effect of raising the temperature is to allow the particles to set themselves in a manner satisfying their mutual affinities. What goes on during the heating, then, is a hurried re- arrangement of particles • and an adjustment of polarities favourable to the keenness of the edge. It was not stated whether a twenty- foul hours' rest, such as would be secured if the razor were stropped immediately after instead of before use, would have the same effect, but the matter hardly admits of doubt. Most razor manufacturers recom- mend stropping after Use, but, as they do not explain why, the advice is frequently overlooked.-

===== 0002601_19070629_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
FATIGUED BY LIGHT.

Further experiments confirm the earlier observations, following Hertz's discoveries, on the " fatigue " induced in metals by the continued action of the ultra-violet rays of light. This fatigue affects the capacity of metals for photoelectric effects. Mr. H. Stanley Allen, in studying the fatigue of zile, has observed that the itpplication of the longer light-waves brings about a certain amount of recovery of photoelectric activity. These results, although primarily of tech- nical interest only, possess practical importance.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
DEFLOCCULATED GRAPHITE.

Deflocculated graphite is the invention, says a writer in the Scientific American, of E. G. Acheson, the discoverer, of the pro- cesses for making carborundum and artifi- cial or manufactured graphite. In the de- flocculated condition produced by Mr. Ache- son, graphite has a condition of fineness far beyond that . attainable by mechanical means. In fact, its condition resembles, if not wholly approaches, the Molecular state. The "effect," for such it must be termed, is .pro- duced with water and a comparatively small quantity of gallotannie - acid, and when thus treated the unctuous graphite remains sus- pended in the water, shewing not the slightest disposition to .settle. The black liquid passes with case through the finest fil- ter paper. Severe tests have demonstrated that it is an admirable „lubricant. There is every reason to believe that deflocculated graphite, with or without oil, will become a popular agent for all classes of lubrication, for, strange as it may seem, deflocculated graphite possesses the remarkable power of preventing rust or corrosion of iron or steel. It has been known for years that graphite is au excellent lubricating body, both in a dry state, and particularly when associated with oil, fats, or water., Strenuous efforts, ex- tending over a long time, have been made to suspend graphite in a liquid to •be used as a lubricant, but all these efforts were unsuc- cessful. It is a well-recognised fact among scientific men that plain water has many ad- vantages as a lubricant if it had sufficient body to withstand the pressures brought to bear, and to which lubricants are subretecl. Its very high speeific heat would be of great advantage to keep down the temperatures of bearings, while its low viscosity .would re- duce • friction, bid unfortunately it has not sufficient body to withstand the pressure of an ordinary bearing. It also has the fatal quality of rusting and corroding metals, thus making., it absolutely worthless as a lubricant. The " effect " which Mr. Acheson has dis- covered makes it possible not only to reduce graphite practically to the molecular state, and to cause it to remain suspended in water for an indefinite neriod of time. but also to prevent iron and steel from rusting or cor- roding while associated with water, thus ren- dering of advantage the high specific heat "ad low viscosity of water.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY.'

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY.

w

REV C. L. STOWE'S FAREWELL

The Church and the Masses.

The Rev. C. L. Stowe concicded his ministry in Warrington on Sunday when he peached his farewell sermons at Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church. On Monday he left Warrington for a brief holiday prior to entering upon his duties in the Eccles Circuit. Addressing the Sunday school children in the after- noon Mr. STOWE said he thought they ought to have a larger number of scholars; they should be content with no fewer than 250 at least. Their staff of teachers should be greater, for the problem of a successful Sunday school rested with the teacher. They, ought further to have better order than obtained at present, punctuality should be more stringently practised, and then their school would become more perfect; in fact a model of what a school should be. There was a crowded attendance at the evening service when Mr. towe took for his text the words : "The path of the just is as the shining light, that shineth more and more unto the perfect day" (Proverbs iv., 18). He said these words showed that. there was always something to look for- ward to. Ihe best of their life was in front of them and not behind. The Christian experience was to be like the rising sun. They were not to go from more to less,but from less to moretfrom the first streak of sunrise to the full blaze of day. Each period of their life should be grander than the one which preceded it. Youth should be better than childhood, maturity better than youth, and old age in some respects best of all The youth should know his Saviour better than the boy. The man should have ce.nvictions more deeply rooted than the youth; and the aged one should be able to give the noblest testimony of all. Tley must not think that they were to put a full stop anywhere in their life so far as their Christian experience was concerned. God wanted their death to be more of a meridian than a sunset. In their own Church enterprise they ought to look for progression, advance, growing influence. There was something wrong when the population of a town Increased by leaps and bounds and sot much more Church accommodation was required. Should they have shops,roore banks, more railway stations,and no increase in the attendance at Church? Business men were not satis- fied until they cosild add store to store, field to field, dividend to,dividend ; and Churchmen should not be satisfied unless an increasing number of men and women were brought within their influence. It was to be feared the Church had not been enterprising enough in the matter of reaching the people, and so he wanted to plead for a snore active propaganda,a bolder programme, a more faithful living out of the Gospel of Jesus. If they would have an experience like the rising sun, it would not do to be talking only about the good old times. They ranst believe that" the best is yet to be," and they had every reason to believe it, if only they were faithful in their work. 'They must adapt them- selves to changing circumstances. There should be a more determined effort to arouse the interest of the masses. By great open-air gatherings, by persistent andiloving visitation,by the mighty power of.prayer,and by a baptism of the Holy Spirit upon themselves and all their activities, they might be used by God to create a spiritual concern among the people, which would make the Church the most interest- ing place in the community. They should rally round their own minister, whoever he might be, as much as they rallied round a special Evangelist. Mr. Stowe concluded by. applying the text to the progress of Christianity in the world. Nought could stay . the advance of the Christian Church. It was impossible to quench the growing lustre of Christ's kingdom, Individual churches might be unfaithtul, but the great Christian Church would spread from more to more and the gates of hell should not prevail atminst it. The choir feelingly sang the anthem "As the hart pants," and after the Benediction the congregation rose and sang the hymn" God be with you till we meet again." Mr. Stowe, uho appeared much touched, thanked the congregation for their kind wishes. The Sacrament was afterwards observed. Mr. Stowe' i successor is the Rev. J. W. Buglass, of Whitehaven, who thirty years ago had charge of the Warrington Circuit.

Sold everywhere in boxes, prlcs 111 i (56 pills) GI 219 (168 pills).

,10.9.10 k r "FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE." 1 ____

===== 0002601_19070629_art0129.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MIME

===== 0002601_19070629_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
FLANNELETTE.

If purchasers of this useful material for underwear all the year round would buy the beat English make, which can be obtained from all leading Drapers, they would avoid the RINKS they undoubtedly run with the inferior qualities of Flannelette. •

HORROCKSES' FLANNELETTES.

made by the manufacturers of the celebrated Longcloths, Twills and Sheeting, RE 78E BEST.

HORROCKSES Stamped on selvedge every 5 yards. A WONDERFUL DISCOVERY. This is the age of research and experiment, when all nature se to speak, is ransacked by the scientific for the comfort and happiness of man. Science has indeed made giant strides during the past century, and among the—by no means least important—discoveries In medicine comes that of TH ERAPION •

- - - - This preparation is unquestionably one of the most reliable Patent Medicines ever introduced, and has been used in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostaa, Jobert, Velpeau, Maisonneuve, the well-known Chas- saignac, and indeed by all who are regarOd as author- ities in such matters, including the celebrated Lalle- mand, and Roux, by whom it was some time since uniformly adopted, and that it is worthy the attention of those who require such a remedy we think there is no doubt. From the time of Aristotle downwards, a potent agent in the removal of these diseases has (like the famed philosopher's stone) been the object of search of some hopeful, generous minds: and far beyond the mere power—if such could ever have been discovered—of transmuting the baser metals into gold is surely the discovery of a remedy so potent as to replenish the fail- ing energies in the one case. and in the other so effectu- ally, speedily, and safely to expel from the system the, poisons of acquired or inherited diseases in all their pro- tean forms as to leave no taint or trace behind. Such is THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY, TH ERAPION, which may certainly rank with, if not take precedence of, many of the discoveries of our day, about which no little. ostentation and noise have been made, and the/extensive and ever-increasing demand that has been created for this medicine appears to prove that it is destined to cast into oblivion all those questionable remedies that were formerly the sole reliance of medical men. For particulars of Therapion send stamped, addressed envelope to The Le #lerc Medicine Co., Haverstock-rd, Hampstead, London.

*. ' CHEERING . * •,, . • ' . /NFLUENCES 1 •• :. - ::.: PU l' R-E ... •.. • 144 .. . . , . ,„.....o. , . , 4. • - . - .' 4.1... t.:..... : .., . siI;KT-L... .. ,- ~. . ..• ,•_. , • ~ ~.„: eatiult....c..„: ~ i, It ' Pitt:ESSE -C°

F 5 - EAT! NS pOWDE R moo FLEAS BUGS FLIES f Tins ?6?Lsj j

===== 0002601_19070629_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
RING UP

TELEPHONE No. 355 Y.

PRINTING. OF EVERY DESCRIPTION JOHN WALKER & Co., PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. LITHOGRAPHERS. Are replete with all Machinery, Types, etc., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or wittern on blue, white, or fsney paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

CIRCLARS in the neatest style, from modern type, and of the best workmanship.

pROGRAMMUS for Entertainments, Concerte. dc.. in the latest artistic style.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPIION BOOBS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforate to order.

EFANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective. _L

_ HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Service& of Song. Festivals. /co.

CATALOGUES for Public nod Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

pßicm LISPS Printed on card or paper Mils trate& If regnirod.

JOHN WALKER & CO. CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SHEETS NOTICES OF MEETINGS POSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES POST CARDS CRICKET FIXTURES.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINT/NG-•

AG RIM:II:RURAL AND FLORAL SCHEDULES AND CATALOGUSi. fCoNciffrr BILLS A.NI3/ PROGRAMMES, INVOICES, PRICE LISTS, CIRCU-LARS, PAMPHLETS, TIME BOOKS, MILL Worac,7 CATALOGUE'S, t • • CLUB RuLEs, PROGRAMMES, BALANCE SHEETS,

EXECUTED AT SNORT NOTICES.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS.

Attention is invited to oar Neff FOUNTS OF TYFIt•

sad WOOD LBTTBR for Large Posters. FOR ALL KiNDS OF MILT POSTBRS EXTRA LARGE SIZE. 40 z 60 One Sheet.

WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS IN TEIE DISTRICT.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

JOHN WALKER AND e 0 "EXAMINER" OFFICE.

BEWSZT STREET, WIRRINGTON;

===== 0002601_19070629_art0133.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 I _ , ;, I;

===== 0002601_19070629_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
, ..- ..... s; Tv 1 , 4, --*, -4..- ...,•.,1 -, ••• , • r' .i ,-1 .!.1, 1 4, !.- ,-,' A . $ V („. ,-N 4.N A ~..,) i 61 il 11. k i , 1

===== 0002601_19070629_art0135.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19070629_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their narngs and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. REV. E. C. E. CARLETON.—We are regretfully com- pelled, by great pressure on our space, to hold you letter over until next week.

[Ed. "Ex."

===== 0002601_19070629_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr_ Parker and the S.D.F.

Reply to Mr. H. Quelch

Sir,—Replying to the letter of Mr. H. Quelch, Editor of "Justice," I stand by what I said in the notes on my visit to Plymouth. At the meeting of the S.D.F. called to " unmask" the Liberal party, Mr. Quelch dis- tinctly stated that the Liberal Government had done nothing since they came into office, and this without qualification. He was so understood by the audieme, and so reported in the Plymouth press. Mr. Quelch in his verbal reply to Mr. Barnes, and in his letter in your paper, now suggests vatious qualifications to his bald statement. For example, speaking of two of the things the Government have done, the passing of the Trades Disputes and Compensation Acts, he tells us that the vital clause of the former was passed in consequence of pressure from the Labour Party, and in regard to the Workmen's Compensation Act that this was over-due. It is not necessary for me to dispute either of these points' because they are not pertinent to the issue. What Mr. Barnes challenged, and what I challenged, was the statement that the Liberal Government had "done nothina " to fulfil their promises to their sup- porters. It is unnecessary to labour the personal point, it only concerns the way in which Mr. Quelch by his loose and inaccurate statements tries to disparage the

work of the Liberal Government. Let us pass on to what is of more importance in the letter of Mr. Quelch, namely his defence of his assump- tion "that the Socialist party is justified in claiming to speak for the whole of the working-classes." He tells us that the Socialist party alone stands for the ! emancipation of the working-classes, the abolition of , the last form of human slavery—wage slavery—through socialization of the means of the production. He goes on to tell us that the Socialist party aims at an entire transformation of the conditions of the workers, and adds "this is why, although there are many among the working clsss who still vote for the old parties which would perpetuate their slavery . . . we are perfectly justified in claiming for the Socialist party that it speaks for the whole working class." I fail to see that the inference drawn from the premises follows as a logical sequence. The fact that a number of people are of opinion that a certain transformation of social conditions would be beneficial to the workers in no way gives them the title to speak for the whole of the working classes, Suppose that Mr. Quelch should devise some other form of social transformation, and form a party called Quelchites to advocate his scheme, would he have any right to say that he represented the whole of the working classes simply because in his opinion his method was better than any other? The majority of the workers in the country do not con- sider themselves "slaves " and have no faith in the Socialist remedy. Is it not therefore somewhat of an impertinence for the minority to claim that they can speak for the whole of the working classes? They have every right to speak for themselves, but not for those who differ from them. I took stock of the type of men who were sent up to the National Liberal Federation by the associations all over the country. Ido not suppose five per cent. of these men were of independent, means. They appeared to represent various classes of the country's workers. There were men from the forge, the loom, the shop; every phase of the nation's toil was represented in the delegates of this so-called " Capitalist Party." Does Mr. Quelch claim that his party can speak and think for I these men better than they can for themselves? I Is it not time this spirit of arrogance was put aside? Is it not time that the section of the patty to which Mr. Quelch belongs abandoned this silly talk of "unmasking " other political and social workers, this strutting about, and posing as the only sincere party, declaring"they are the people,"and that wisdom will die with them? Would it not be well if instead of doing their best to prejudice their own cause by being unjust ' to others, they were to try and convince those who do not see eye to eye with them? Are we not justified in asking Socialists to spare a little time and thought from their work of general vituperation and destruction and tell us what they mean to erect on the ruins of the social system they desire to destroy, or if they like the word better, to transform? The country is getting tired of the reiteration of the statement about "Nationalising the means of produc- tion." We must know a great deal of what this involves before we agree to take this leap in the dark. We must know for example on what system work is to be paid for. We have various proposals before us. Saint-Simon and others have suggested that the distribu- tion should be made in proportion to liability, or what appears to me a better word, capacity. Karl Marx repudiates this idea, and would assess all work, what- ever the amount or the character of the product, as an equal value, making time the only measure, and award- ing accordingly. Louis Blanc and others consider that neither the time worked, the quality, nor quantity of the work ought to govern the reward, but that every man should have according to his needs. There are other proposals, but they mostly group themselves round these three. We have a right to know before we adopt the first proposal, how society will be able to ensure that every man gives according to his abilities, and how it is to compel this contribution if it be with- held. If the second principle is to be favoured we want to know if the man who works an hour, and does a certain amount, is to be paid the same as the man who works the same time but does twice as much. We want to know if the third plan is adopted who is to determine the extent of the wants or needs of the various individuals. I have frequently raised these difficulties in the many friendly talks I have had with Socialists, and the replies I have got have been something like this :"These are details which will settle themselves when we have got everything nationalized." But these so called details go to the very root of the social question; they- are more important than the framework of the system itself. Until Socialists can show that in connection with the proposed mechanism of society the individual's share in the things that minister to his life will be apportioned on a principle which will appeal to the units of the state as just, they have no right to ask society to adopt their scheme. Apart altogether from the important questions of reward of toil, effort and ability, the transference of initiative and management, in the most important departments of life, from the individual to state officials,will, without doubt, restrain the free development of self-conscious personality and deaden the sense of personal responsibility. It is no answer to point out the imperfections incidental to the present system. Bacause monopolies ought to be state-owned or state-controlled, there is no reason why we should replace an easily resistible capitalism by an irresistible officialism—an officialism which will have to attempt the impossible task of equit- ably assigning to each man what work he must do, or determining his capacity to do it, and of justly assess- ing his share of the products either on the basis of the value of his contribution, or the extent of his needs. CHARLES E. PARKER. Penketh, Juno 25th 1907.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
ACTION BY THE GUARDIANS.

At the Warrington Court on Thursday the Guardians of the Warrington Union sued Mary Ann Robinson, 39, Marsh-street, as administratrix of the estate of her late husband Harrison N. Robinson and also sued her per- sonally for the return of £l3 14s. 10d. paid in out-relief to defendant and her late hasband.—Mr. Browne appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. Steel defended.—Ur. Browne said defendant and her husband were the recipients of out relief. On the husband's death defendant became entitled to £lO9 due on an insurance policy and as under the Poor Law Amendment Act of 1834 out-relief was declared to be a loan,the Guardians contend that the ratepayers should not be put to the expense of the relief when she was in a position to pay. Every opportunity was given her to appear before the Board and make an offer but she would not do that—Mr. F. H. Aukland, relieving officer, cross-examined by Mr. Steel said defendant's husband was 79 years of age when he died and had been a ratepayer of Warrington the greater part of his life. He heard that defendant had to pay some money in respect of the policy,but did not know it was £5O. He heard that money had to be borrowed to keep up the premiums and that Mrs. Robi- nson repaid it out of the insurance money—Mr. B. Shearer also gave evidence—Mr. Steel I submitted that the Guardians had failed to make out their case as they could not differentiate between the amounts for which defendant was alleged to be liable personally and as adrninistratrix. He could prove that the whore estate had gone within a pound or two.—His Honour said he was of opinion that the out relief was a loan to the husband and therefore defendant was not liable personally. She was, however, liable as adrninistratrix and he gave judgment against her in that capacity with costs.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
Services for Sunday.

Wycliffe Church: Preacher, 10. 30 and 6.30, Rev. J. Yonge. Bold-street Wesleyan Church: Preachers, 10.30, Rev. J. Manning ; 6.30, Rev. W. Mellor. Bewsey-road Wisleyan Church : Preachers, 10.30, Rev. S. Pitt; 6.30, Rev. E. J. Gawne. Baptist Church, Latchford: Preacher, Rev. J. F. Matthews. Subjects, 10.30, "A preacher of the country side " ; 6.30, "Heart's ease." Golborne-street Baptist Church: Preacher, 10.30 aod 6.30, Rev. J. S. Hughes.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CKOSFIE ID'S MAIDEN SPEECH.

THE HOUSE OF LORDS DEBATE.

Warrington's Member and "the Will of 06 People."

Mr. A. H. Crosfield made his maiden speech in the House of Comtnons on Wednesday night on the Prime Minister's resolution with regard to checking the veto of the House of Lords.

Received on rising with cordial cheers, the Hon. Member quoted Lord Byron's remark that there was one subject on which most people were eloquent, and very few agreeable, that was to say, themselves. (Laughter.) Still on the first occasion on which one rose to claim the indulgence of the House (Cheers)

A FEW PERSONAL OBSERVATIONS

' might perhaps be pardoned. He was delighted to have an opportunity of explaining why he was ventur- ing to make a few remarks, and why he intended to vote in support of the motion. He could claim no title to rush in where great constitutional authorities had evidently trod with circumspection and caution. ,He would have been content simply to subscribe to the course the Prime Minister had taken, because in his humble opinion one saw in the resolution the sagacity, and at the same/time, the courage and sincerity which had endeared the leader of the party to all who followed hirn,—(cheers)---including humble Members like himself, who, if he might say so, regarded their chief not merely with respect but with a feeling of affection. (Renewed cheers). And so he told his friends in the constituency he had the honour to represent, that while they had on those benches such an abundant flow of oratory, the Whips were quite content if they had his vote without too much of his voice. (Laughter.) At the same time he would not have his constituency think he was shirking a tight place. He had been into a crevasse on one occasion, and under an avalanche on another, and he could assure hon. Members who had not tried them that they were very tight places indeed. (Laughter.) After such an experience he would not shirk the ordeal still less would he miss the privilege of addressing the House on behalf of his c mstituency.

" I am very glad," Mr. Crosfield continued, "that I have an opportunity of speaking to-night, because this is an occasion which, after all, affects not a single section of one's constituency, but which concerns the whole of it. I know the views of the large Liberal and Lablur element which I have the honour chie fly to represent. I know their views, and the views of my Irish friends who live in Warrington, and I feel sure that so far as this motion carries us they will approve of the vote which I intend to give in support of it. Therefore, so far as argument may be neces- sary, I feel inclined to address myself in a rather special manner to the Free Trade Unionists who did me the honour to support me at the last election. I put it to them—so far as I have any grip of the funda- mental issue, and the pith and essence of what we are proposing—l put it to them that it amounts simply to this : that after due precautions against hasty legis- lation, and without undue and dangerous delay

THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE SHALL PREVAIL.

(Cheers). We have been told in this very interesting debate that distinguished Members of another Chamber profess to know that will as if they were a Chamber of Zancigs. lam afraid that does not hold water at all, and we have proof to the contrary of the most overwhelming kind. One of the best summaries of that proof we listened to in the speech of my friend, the Member for Clitheroe (Mr. Shackleton), who, in a very able speech, gave us a lucid and convincing summary of the measures which the Lords have rejected which were wanted urgently for the benefit of the people. (Hear, hear.) The case against them is I fear equally strong whether we con- sider what they have done, or what they have left undone. For when prejudice and passion and race hatred have run high have the Lords ever tried to use their undoubted influence in the country to allay these mischievous sentiments?

"May I refer, Mr. Caldwell, for a moment or two, to the speech of the hon. gentleman, the Member for Oxford University (Sir William Anson) and his con- tention that when the time came to ttanslate this motion into a Bill, we should have a single Chamber, and consequently bad and hasty work. lam sure the great majority here feel that quite the contrary is the danger, that we run the risk of too much delay, a point that was made very clear in the frank, powerful, and brilliant speech we heard this afternoon from Mr. Lloyd-George. He—and- last night the Under- Secretary for the Colonies said the same thing— pointed out that we could not legislate for the case of a mad people returning a mad Parliament. Neither can we, nor are we, going to waste time in anticipat- ing the impossible. (Hear, hear). Mr. Morley wrote a good many years ago that he had no great love for second Chambers, and although I dare say there are plenty of people in this country who think the consequences would be disastrous if we had no second Chamber, I for one should be able to sleep in my bed quite comfortably. I believe in the pru- dence and sense of fairness of the English people, and J. believe in the advantage of full responsibility being placed upon the representative Chamber. But I believe at the same time, that it is better to have a second Chamber if only because, for my part, I would not like to see the crown dragged into the dusty turmoil of party politics. (Hear, hear). That is not the only reason ; there are other reasons why it is better to have a second Chamber. But I am truly thankful that

THE GOVERNMENT MEANS BU,IENESS

on this question, and that in future we are not going to have the interminable delays,—and the emasulation and cutting down of our measures, delays which have told against the real interests of the nation for so long. (Hear, hear and cheers). The allusion has been made in this debate—and indeed the Prime Minister laid emphasis on the fact— that in their graver issues politics are something much more serious than a game. Yes, that is true, and so is life, but as the Right Hon. gentleman, the I Member for Montrose has reminded us, laughter has a !fore part in it. It would indeed be hard luck to deprive the poor politician of his little b:t of humour. lam told that one day Dan Leno came down to the House, and the Hon. Gentleman the lember for Woolwich—whose wit and genius is not second even to Leno's— (hear, hear) —met him when he was leaving and said, " Well, Dan, what do you think of it all ?" "Not bad ! " said Leno, "Not had ; but I think it would go better to the piano ! " (Loud laughter. Pogr—Leno. We all miss him—(general cheers), and all appreciate his little joke at our expense. If there is humonr in the House, there is also good humour, and I venture to think that any foreigner who has been present this week would consider this great debate with its far-reaching issues a striking example of it. And a new member making his maiden speech must of all others be most sensible of the kindness, and the generous courtesy of the House, for which I sincerely beg to thank Honourable Members. (Cheers.) It was to me

===== 0002601_19070629_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
GREATEST HONOUR OF MY LIFE

to be elected to represent the old Roman town of Warrington, where the first beginnings of some of the

===== 0002601_19070629_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday June 29, 1907.

most important industries of England were started by those ancient pioneers of civilization and trade ; and it is also one of the greatest privileges I shall ever enjoy to speak for the first time in this time honoured assembly, so potent for good, not merely by helping people, but rather by giving to them the best opportunities for helping themselves, and capable therefore of exerting so beneacent an influence even in the humblest cottage in the land." (Loud cheers.)

moneyed men, and the United States is no more a Republic than is Russia to-clay, and certainly knows nothing about democracy. Should any of these law making institutions do good work for the people, that at the same time was bad for the Corporations, the very best legal talent is engaged to break the law, or to find methods of evading it. There is lots of work and lots of money but both parties want it all, and now the struggle is on to break up labour organiza- tions. Graft is no new thing in San Francisco. I found it here twenty years ago, and it had then lost its freshness. The `..` ruling classes " had a monopoly of it, and they thought by Divine right it ought to I remain theirs.

The workers thought otherwise and they brought forward one whom they thought would fill the bill. He was the leader of the bands in one of the theatres, and at the same time carried on a small business. As a musician ho was able to earn 40 dols. a week. Organized labour made their man Mayor, re-elected him twice, and to-day Mayor Schtnitz is close on being declared a felon. "The serpent did tempt me and I did eat." Wealth was offered by the rich man to the poor man, and as usual it did its fell work. The ruling classes saw that the time had come to break up the unions, and now we see that a NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF MANUFACTURERS URGES ORGANIZED WARFARE.

NEW YORK, May tllst.—A fund of 1,500,000 dols. to be expended in fighting "Industrial oppression " in the next three years, was called for by President Van Cleave of the National Association of Manu- facturers at its annual convention to-day. President Van Cleave appointed a committee of thirty-five to find a way to raise the money. Mr. Van Cleave announced his plan at the con- clusion of his annual address, in the course of which he declared the principles of the association to be to maintain the open shop, to oppose the boy- cott, limitation of apprentices and limitation of output and to oppose dictation by labour unions. He also declared that the manufacturers must com- bat the newer issues caused by the determination of labour union leaders to terrorize the President, Congress, judges and juries. Mr. Van Cleave aeded "We wale, to federate the manufacturers of this country to effectively fight the industrial oppres- sion. We should provide ways and means to feder- ate the employers of the country and to educate our manufacturers to a proper sense of their own duty, patriotism and self-interest."

The ii-n'iOns are not asleep while this is doing ad I could give c3lacnns of which the following are only samples: _

- The Boot and Shoe Workers' Union, Local 216, has passed a resolution imposing a fine of 25d015. on all members detected in patronizing street cars manned by strikebreakers. One-half this sum will be paid to the informer. Tailors' Union, No. 2, has also levied a 25-cent weekly assessment for the aid of the striking car- men, in addition to the donations made to the strik- ing laundry workers and telephone operators. A fine of 25d015. will be imposed on members riding on street cars during the strike, and 10dols. must bo paid for any such offence committed by any member of the family of a member. Eight new members were admitted. Janitors' Union, No. 10,367, has contributed 10dols. each to the striking Laundry Workers' Union and Telephone Operators' Union. A fine of 10dols. will be imposed on any member riding on a street car manned by non-union men, the fine to be paid to the striking carmen. The brewers and the beer waggon drivers have been on strike. I think to-morrow's paper will tell me it is settled. The drivers wanted 255. a day and shorter hours. I think they will get 245. and shorter hours. No need to be surprised at all these strikes. The men know that to a large extent their employers are thieves, and they go in for their share of the plunder. Now how is it going to end, labour or capital ? It is the beginning of the end to a system that is rotten from root to branch, and we shall be fortunate if the change be made without bloodshed. H. WHITHAII. May 27, 1907.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
LONDON COMMENTS ON THE SPEECH.

Comments on Mr. Crosfield's maiden speech appeared in two of the London dailies. The " Daily Chronicle "in its" House and Lobby" column said :—" Dan Leno was quoted for the first time in the House of Commons last night. Ur. A. H. ' Crosfield, in a charming maiden speech, while strongly in favour of the Government resolution, expressed his delight at the fact that this important problem was being discussed on both sides with so much good temper. It was in this connection that he quoted the lamented comedian. Leno once visited the House of Commons, and on being asked his impression of it, said : " Not bad, not bad ; but it would go better with a piano.' (Great laughter)." The " Daily News " special article " Pictures in Parliament"contained the following reference." . . . also the successful maiden speech of Mr. Crosfield,who has a good voice and manner for the House, and with experience will gain, doubtless, in directness and force."

THE VOTE. The debate on the Prime Minister's resolution terminated shortly before midnight. The result of the final division was : • Foe TIIE RESOLUTION. 432 AGAINST -- . 285

GOVERNMENT MAJORITY ...

The announcement of this tremendous majority was received with the wildest enthusiasm on the Liberal side. When the Prime Minister rose to leave the House the whole Liberal side of the House leapt to their feet, and cheered and cheered again. Sir Henry bowed his acknowledgments from behind the Speaker's chair, and one of the most memorable events in Parlia- mentary history closed—for a time. -- MESSAGE FROM MR. CROSFIELD.

Mr. Crosaeld wired us yesterday as follows :—May I respectfully draw your readers' attention particularly to the Prime Minister's and Mr. Asquith's speeches in this week's great constitutional debate. Other very able speeches were delivered by Churchill, Lloyd George, Henderson and Lord Robert Cecil, but Asquith's has special significance and importance.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

Warrington are distinctly in the running for the championship of the South-West Lancashiie League, and are dangerous rivals of the leaders. On Saturday they inflicted a heavy defeat upon St. Helens Recs. after the most disastrous opening of the season. Batting first on a slow wicket Richardson and Wright were out with only seven runs on the board, and ten runs later Podmore and Callon had also returned to the pavilion. Connor and Bibby were brought together, and aftei a shaky opening, made a determined stand. Connor, who made his first innings of the season, was given a life early on, and then he proceeded to run up the score. Progressing largely by means of fours he quickly increased his total, and was past his half century when he stepped out to a ball from Harper, missed, and was smartly stumped. His innings was a typical one, and many were the hopes expressed that he will in the immediate future be seen more frequently in the field.

Bibby never appeared to he happy and scored but slowly but he kept his wicbet up and his innings was far more valuable than the actual total would make it appear. None of the other batsmen gave much trouble and St. Helens Rocs were set 124 to win.

It was evident from the commencement of their effort that they were not going to be successful. Titvo singles were taken off Creswell's first over and Pilkington faced Callon. The first ball he played very tamely whilst the second found his wickets and made way for Harper. Both bowlers sent down a maiden and then Callon uprooted Harper off stumps. The visitors could do nothing with the bowling aud one after another they were sent back, the innings closing for 44.

The bowlers divided the honours pretty evenly though Callon secured slightly the larger share. By the way the younger player was in a most erratic mood and the large number of extras was due to some of his deliveries being out of the reach of Duckworth. He, however, has one pet ball, a kind of half volley, which looks simple enough but which the St. Helen's men found altogether beyond them. He and Cresswell have done practically all the bowling of the season and the records of both are excellent. they are : Runs

0. M. R. W. per wkt. Cresswell Callon

It has not so far been a batting season but taking everything into consideration the averages of several of he players are very good. The tabulated doings of those who have taken part in three or more matches are :

times not highest

_ inns. out. score. total. avg. 3 ... 0 ... 52 ...115 ... 33•33

Wright 6 ... 1 ... 55 ...114 ... 22.80 Cresswell 5 ... 0 ... 63 ... 91 ... 1820 Duckworth 5 ... 1 ... 41' ... 63 ... 1575 J. Callon 5 ... 1 ... 24 ... 57 ... 14.25 Richardson 6 ... 0 ... 18 .. 62 ... 10.33 Turton

Bibb

Thompson Bennett

The second eleven on Satnrday were narrowly defeated on the St. Helens Recs. ground. The principal feature of the afternoon's play was a magnificent innnings by P. B. Hawtin, who going in first carried out his bat for 66. It is a matter for considerable surprise that this batsman has not so far for this season been called upon to assist the first eleven. There is no question as to his being worth a place in the premier team and an opening will probably be found for him. He is a long way ahead of the other second teamers as the appended figures will show : times most

Inns.not out. no. inns. total. av'ge. Hawtin 4 ... 1 ... 66* ...165 ... 5500 Thewlis Houghton Plinston R. G. Pierpoint 5 ... 0 ... 15 ... 35 ... 700 Baxter E. Pierpoint

Walkers Brewery have still to win their first match in the Warrington and District League and evidently they are fated to be the wooden spoonists. As to who will figure at the other erd of the table in somewhat difficult to foretell but the honour will be between Orford Barracks and St. James. The soldiers had a blank day on Saturday and St. James had no difficulty in dispos- ing of Walkers running up 74 and in response to a total of 20. -- There was a close finish in the game between Mackies and Wilderspool, the brewers winning in the last few minutes by 44 to 42. Howard for the Wilderspool team set his men a good example in the batting line by running up 17 and ,also did considerable damage with the ball. None of the Castle Rubber men reached double figures in theit match with Cheshire Lines Engineers and in the end they lost by 14.

H. Hawthorn, a member of the Sankey Wire Mills eleven is a batsman of 'considerable promise, and on Saturday he was head and shoulders above his colleagues with 25, out of a total of 65. Birkeihead Municipal Employees made a good fight, and matters were very even until their fifth wicket had fallen, when a rot set in and their effort closed for 42.

Latchford Baptists cut a sorry figure against Hightield Tannery on Saturdly, and were all out for 19. In spite of the smallness of the score, however, Highfleld only just managed to win, as they were all out for 23. This result was reversed by the second elevens, as at Latch- ford the Baptists secured an easy victory, thanks to Llewellyn (14), Jordan (10) and Davies (10 not out).

A scratch eleven got together by Mr. Daintith succeeded in defeating St. Elphin's C.C. on Saturday. Batting first St. Elphin's ran up 46, out of which Locker (17) was top scorer and in reply the scratch team totalled 52. Essenhigh was the top scorer with 13 and also took seven wickets.

The Secondary School eleven on Saturday entertained Orford and were soundly beaten. Woodhouse was then undoing as he ' took seven wickets and against a total £l3 Orford ran up 40.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN MAN MISSING.

It has been reported to the Runcorn police that Mr. Arthur Foster, of Ivy-street, has been missing from home since ruesday of last week. He has recently been employed as an insurance agent, and was well known in the town. He was last seen on the Transporter Bridge crossing to Widnes.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
SAN FRANCISCO AND HER TROUBLES.

[By M. H. WIT ITHANI]

It is not an easy task to gather together the various and numerous troubles that nom, and have for a long time, troubled the city of San Francisco. In my opinion Boss-rule may be said to be the cause of these troubles, an yet Boss rule has its defenders even among those who are not seeking for gain by means of graft, or what in plain English should be called stealing. When I read the quotation given by John Workman from the sermon preached by the Rev. W. Bracecamp I thought, yes it is quite true, "On the Stock Exchange the Jew could discern no difference between the pro- fessing Christian and himself in a readiness to take an unfair advantage over another." For several years a Jew has been the boss of San Francisco, Abe Real by name. This man has been organizer and dictator of the municipal graft machine. Depending upon this man's silenCe,the bribe-giving magnates of the business and political world have pursued their course of corrup- tion. Graft entered into everything that goes towards making up the political,municipal and business life of a city. No line of money-making, legal or illegal, could ibe pursued without first greasing the palm of Reuf. Saloon or restaurant must shut up unless the jingle of gold was heard. Gambling dens and hotels alike, all contributed their share of dollars to the "machine." The proof that the street car line,through its President, paid Real 200,000 dols, to do as it wished with the city streets is now in the hands of the prosecution. Thousands of dollars were given by the prize fighting fraternity for permission to have a monopoly of the brutal business by means of a Trust. Presidents and lawyers of electrical, telephones, and gas and water companies, all have been in the graft business, and all I suppose, have been honourable men and will continue to be so, in the eyes of the world, being rich men. Months ago a prominent citizen took the situation in hand, and guaranteeing 100,000do1s. towards expenses, was able to provide two first-class men to aid him in running down the bribe giver as well as the bribe taken. The lawyer, Henry, graduated from the same college as Reuf ; the detective Burns has a national reputation. These two, working quietly, were at length able to apply for and obtain warrants for the arrest of Real, and then commenced a series of Court scenes that must simply have astounded the legal,, if not the lay world. It would take up all my space to begin to enumerate the ridiculous aspects of American law as seen in the prosecution of Real. It covered months, and each day the detention and keep of Reuf was costing the city not less than 20dols. a day. I may give one example of the preliminary tactics of the defendants. Great difficulty is experienced in gettinn•a jury together. The citizens fully,understand what they have to face when they undertake the duties of a grand juryman. For weeks these men were in the position of defendants. The prisoner's lawyers just badgered them out of their wits, and there was no •help for it. The Court could not interfere • each man's opinions were gone into, he was examined and cross- examined. Astute as the• prosecuting lawyer undoubtedly is, he had to wait and watch. His reward came ultimately, in the shape of a satisfactory jury, and the finding of a large number of indictments against Reuf, one of the ablest and most intellectual lawyers in While the Reufian comedy was going on, it is but a California.knedy after all, the Mayor had gone to Europe to look for points in his work of rebuilding the city. He had appointed as Deputy- Mayor a man of the name of Gallagher, by the way, it would be interesting to Englishmen to note the names of the army of American bribe-givers and takers. This Gallagher was a part of the machine, the said machine bein.g nearly the whole of the 'City's Council, and over the machine he presided. While the Mayor was away true bills were found against him. He is now out on bail. The Mayor, Schmitz, Reuf, and with I think two exceptions, the whole of the City Council, are now pointed with their faces towards the prison, and all, to a large extent, because Reuf could not stand the torture of the sweat rocim, but must con- fess, and bring the whole of the carefully built struc- ture' known as the "machine," down about his own and his colleagues' heads. Reuf stated that he received from, the Street Railroad Company the small sum of 200,000d015. Of this sum he gave to Schmitz 50,000d015, kept 50,000 for himself,and the remaining 100,000do1s. was divided among the City Council. The Corpora- tions are good payers. They can afford to give, their incomes being enormous. The San Francisco Street Rail-road Company does a great business in various cities of the Union. In Pittsburg it owns the Street Rail-road, and has an income of 50,000d015. a day. The indicted bribe giver,-Patrick Calhoun, is a multi- millionaire and is likely, along with Mayor Schmidt, Boss Reuf, and a few others, to wear stripes behind the prison bars. In all my writings to the " Examiner " I have rarely touched on the darker side of American life. I have not cared to, because the view I take of the situation is not by any means shared by the travelling public, and notably by the two Moseley Committees, and I might be charged with being prejudiced. I say distinctly that the educational system of America is had, decidedly bad. A few weeks ago a priest speaking on the situation said " a large majority of the Church-goers of San Francisco belonged to his church, and he said it with shame." For near upon 20 years I have worked with these men, I have heard their talk, and I don't know how anyone can expect the results to be other than what they are when the boast can openly be made that they have a clean slate to start with on Monday morning. Talk with the young men fresh from school and you will find that the moral side of their nature is entirely wanting. Of the ethical feature of life they simply know nothing. Dimes and dollars, is the greatest thing of all. I say distinctly that the one, thing America and the world has to fear to-day is no New Theology but the oldest theology of all, the one that makes a horror of death in the absence of the priest. This may possibly be a digression but as it is, in my opinion, at the root of the trouble I think it well to refer to it. As a Socialist I ought to have drawn in the Capital and Labour question, but I know this side of the trouble has no show so long as the cannot-dohwrong Church remains the power it is. The trial of Mayor Schmitz is being eagerly watched by the various indicted officials of the corporations owning public utilities, and they are banding them- selves together to give v 3. the Mayor their full support in every way. Millions of dollars will be spent to gain a victory for the Mayor. The prosecution know this and a large detective force is engaged to look after members of the Schmitz jury and see they are not tampered with during the trial. Now see the condi- tion this highly educated people are in. The Chief of Police has a number of indictments agaiest him. For a number of years this man has been practising his calling as chief protector of the public while he himself is out on bail, he being charged with protecting only brothels and gambling houses, and waxing rich in his efforts. They cannot move this man. If convicted they can- not send him to prison. The City Charter was drawn up by the boofflers and now it protects them. Even after conviction, according to the view of the prosecu- tion, Schmitz can continue in office until final judg- ment has been rendered by the supreme court. To oust the supervisors, therefore, would be to strengthen the Mayor's hands by enabling him to appoint their successors. From the statements of Spreckels it appears that San Francisco for the next seven months will be governed by a boodling board and a boodling Mayor. This man Spreckels is he who stands behind ; the prosecution. To leave the boodling business for ' a while let us look at the city. Poor San Francisco, how she has suffered through all this corruption ! The rotten work had started before the quake and the fire, now more than a year ago. One would have thought that the horrors of those ever to be remembered three days and nightsl would have been sufficient to turn these Church- goers to a better sense of their duties. I saw numbers ,of hastily erected altars in the streets with their attendant crowds of worshippers. I also heard, numbers of times, the man in the street Baling that it was God's way of punishing them for their sins. How soon that was all forgotten and looting began! I know of what I am speaking and I say that so soon as money, food, and clothing bagan to arrive in the city so soon did stealing begin. Not the least of our troubles has been the eternal labour question. Strikes without end, and I may say without reason We have now a street car strike on. The men want a three dollar pay for an eight hours day. We have now some 20,000 men walking the streets out on strike. The'chief demands seems to be a shorter day and more pay. A 1 the Unions seem to be gathering around the car men and giving help. The President, Calhoun, has this trouble to cope with, and the Courts are trying to send him to prison for bribery, so he has his bands 'full.

The truth of the matter is America is suffering because of her prosperity. The National Parliament and the various State Parliaments are run by the

===== 0002601_19070629_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDINGS.

Fairclough—Roberts. St. Matthew's Church, Stretton, was the scene of an exceedingly pretty wedding on Wednesday afternoon when Miss Ethel Carter Roberts only daughter of Mr. Henry Roberts, J.P., Kingsley, Hill Cliffe,Warrington, was married to Major Bwrereton Fairclough, son of Mr. Richard T. Fairclough, Barryfield, Latchford. Great interest was taken in the event and a large \con- gregation assembled. A striking scene was presented, the chancel being artistically decorated with palms and choice flowers. The Hon. and Rev. C. F. Cross, Vicar of Stretton, officiated. The bride, who was given away by her father, was attired in a beautiful dress of rich ivory chiffon moire, brocaded in small " Empire " design, trimmed with Brussels net, real Duchesse lace and silver tissue.She'wore an embroidered tulle veil with wreath of orange blossom and myrtle. The bridesmaids were Miss Silcock, Warrington, Miss Mollie and Miss Norah Fairclough, Barrvfield (sisters of the bridegroom), Miss Carter, Waterloo, and Miss May Roberts (cousins of the bride.) They were charmingly attired in white liberty muslin, the bodices being draped with kimono shaped fichus, edged with Valenciennes lace, and silver belts at the waist added greatly to the picturesque effect. They wore large leghorn picture hats trimmed with embroidered silk .net and pink lifalmaison carnations with touches of pale blue powder ribbon and they carried carnation bouquets tied with blue ribbon to match. Mr. Harry Fairclough (brother of the bridegroom) discharged the duties of best man. Mr. W. H. Payton, Mus. Bac., presided at the organ and played the following choice selections ;—Minuet d'Amour (Cowen), Salta d'Amour (Stgar), (a) Die Frage (b) Die Autwort (Wolstenholme), Lascia ch'is pianga (Handel), "My heart ever faithful" (Bach), Bridal March frcun " Lohengrin"( Wagner); Wedding March (Mendelssohn). The hymns" 0 Perfect Love and "Oh Father all. " were sung. As the happy couple left the church the bells rang out a merry peal. The recep- tion was held at Kingsley and a large number of guests attended. Later Mr. and Mrs. Brereton Fair- dough left for the South of England where the honey- moon will be spent. The bride's travelling costume was a fitting coat and skirt tailor made of a fine tweed in oyster grey. Many handsome presents were received including the following :—Workmen employed by Warrington Slate Co., Ltd., silver egg stand imscribed : "Presented to Ethel Carter Roberts by the workmen employed by the Warrington Slate Co., Ltd., on the occasion of her marriage to Mr. Brereton Fairclough, June 26th, 1907" ; office staff, travellers &c., of the Warrington Slate Co., Ltd., silver rose bowl suitably inscribed; employees of the Bank Quay and Mersey Mills in the employ of James Fairdough and Sons Ltd., books ; Colonel and officers of the Ist V.B. South Lancashire Regiment, silver revolving breakfast dish engraved with crest &c.

Hollingsworth—Hayward. There was a large attendance at Bewsey-road Wesleyan Chapel on Tuesday to witness the marriage of Miss -Winifred S. Hayward, eldest daughter of Mr. J. W. Hayward, J.P., 13, Wilson Patten Street, and Mr. Frank Hollingsworth, son of Mr. T. Hollingsworth 71, Lovely Lane. The Rev. J. Gunnell, Penketh, per- formed the ceremony. The bride wore a very pretty dress of white Ivory liberty satin trimmed with Brussels lace,and a wreath and fall. She carried a shower bouquet of white flowers, and also wore a sapphire and pearl brooch the gifts of the bridegroom. The bridesmaids were Miss Elsie Hayward (sister of the bride), and Miss Ethel Hollingsworth (sister of the bridegroolib and they wore cream cloth dresses strapped girth pale blue and silver, and tuScan hats with ostrich feathers, and carried bouquets of roses. IMr. Harry Knowles acted as best man. The organist (Mr. W. Pearce) played a number of selections includ- ing Mendelsshon's Wedding March and the _hymn "The voice that breathed o'er Eden" was sung. The wedding breakfast was served at the residence of the bride's father. The happy couple later left for London and the south, where the honeymoon is being spent. About 120 presents were received, including a hand- some silver tray from the directors and secretary of the Winmarleigh Cafes, Ltd., and a very pretty tea set from the staff.

Sephton—Eckersley. Much interest was occasioned by the marriage on Tuesday of Miss Bessie Eckersley, daughter of Mr. William Eckersley, New-road, Latchford, and Mr. John Sephton, Crow-lane, Newton-le-Willows, and there was a large attendance at St. James' Church to witness the ceremony which was performed by the Rev. H. B. Firth, assisted by the H. H. Corsbie. The bride, who was given away by her father, was becom- ingly attired in a brown cloth costume trimmed with cream and gold brocade. She carried a bouquet of white roses and lilies of the valley, with trailers of smilax and sweet peas. The bridesmaids were Miss Lizzie Eckersley (sister of the bride) and Miss Lizzie Winstanley (cousin of the bridegroom), and their dresses were of pastel blue tweed, trimmed with silk and velvet to match. They carried bouquets of sweet

peas. Mr. J. Sephton, brother of the bridegroom, acted as best man. A reception was held at Atkin- son's Cafe,Bridge-street, after which the happy couple left for Penmaenmetwr, where the honeymoon will be spent. A large number of handsome and costly presents were received.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. H. P. HUGHES' DEPARTURE. - Farewell 'lnner and Presentation.

There was an interesting and enjoyable function at Atkinson's CafO on Wednesday evening when a dinner was given in honour of Mr. H. Powell Hughes, who is severing his connection with the Richmond Gas Stove and Meter Co., Ltd., after nearly fifteen years' service as cashier and leaves Warrington for Wrexham to enter into business on his own account. Hr. Hughes is very highly esteemed by his fellow-workers and a large circle of other townspeople who have come into contact with him, and there was a general desire to give tangible expression to these cordial feelings. The matter was taken in hand by a committee consisting of heads of departments presided over by Mr. W. H. Sherburn, with Mr. J. Pollitt as secretary, and the outcome was that on Thursday Mr. Hughes was the recipiedt of a handsome parting gift in the shape of a purse of gold and an illuminated address. There was a large attend- ance st the dinner, Mr. Sherburn presiding. The spirit of the occasion was apprioriately expressed in the following lines "To a Comrade" which appeared on the menu card.

" Fellow-worker and friend, fare thee well, Youth perennial and bright be thy lot ; Though space may divide, recollections unite, True friendship is seldom forgot." An excellent repast was served, Hrs. Atkinson cater- ing in her best style. After dinner a highly enjoyable musical programme was submitted. Miss Rigby sang very sweetly " Love, the Pedlar," and "It was a dream," and was warmly applauded. Mr. F. Taylor was heard to advantage in" Asleep in the deep." and Mr. W. H. Tickell gave a spirited rendering of "The Wolf." Mr. Greenhalgh sang" Land of hope and glory" with fine effect, and later gave an equally successful interpre- tation of "The Veteran." Mr. D. Mackay delighted the assembly with a stirring recital of the immortal "Charge of the Light Brigade." Gramaphone selections on Mr. F. Sherburn's fine instrument proved a popular feature of the entertainment. Miss Sutton and Mr. Hazlehurst ably discharged the duties of accompanists. The event of the evening was, of course, the presenta- tion to Mr. Hughes.

The CwurtataN said the occasion was full of interest and he appreciated the honour which his colleagues had done him in asking him to he their mouthpiece. A gathering like that served to bring out various latent qualities in those who participated in it. For instance, it made them realise that in spite of the hurry and bustle of business,there was a brotherhood behind it all which sometimes got obscured if nothing but business stood before them.As fellow-workers they were tied 1)7, bonds much stronger and very much more beautiful than mere mercenary bonds. Those who knew him (Mr. Sherburn) intimately would know he had an ideal that there was a comradeship in work which was alionst above any other comradeship he knew of. Those present had tried to realize that ideal of the brotherhood of toil, and it was most desirable that business should be simply a larger specimen of family life. Mr. Sherburn proceeded to pay a high tribute to the late Mr. E. W. T. Richmond, who, he said, was revered by all who knew him. They were proud to bear the name of a gentleman who, however smart were his busi- ness abilities had great ideals apart from those and was thoroughly in earnest in trying to attain them. (Applause). When he (Mr. Sherburn) entered the service of the firm seven years ago one of the first persons with whom he became associated was their guest of that evening. (Applause). Anyone who had occasion to go to Mr. Hughes at the office of the firm would know how courteously they were always received (Applause). Mr. Hughes helped to make him (Mr. Sherburn) feel at home and ever since he had been as a brother to him and to a great many more. (Applause.) He would remain their brother, for although he was leaving Warrington they would not soon lose the remembrance of his kindly actions and they wished him well in his new sphere. (Applause.) When they heard that Mr. Hughes had decided to resign there was a spontaneous feeling that steps should be taken to show in a tangible form their respect and honour for him. (Applause.) That desire took shape by the heads of the departments consulting and forming a committee. The proposed presentation was put before Mr. Hughes' fellow workers, and as soon as it was heard of a number of friends in the town were desirous of being included in this token of respect. The matter was taken up enthusiastically. No pressure was needed, and that night he had to ask Mr. Hughes to accept as a token of their regard a purse containing £75 and a beautifully illuminated address which read as follows :—" Presented to Mr. H. Powell Hughes (Ap Howel) together with a purse of gold by his colleagues on the staff and fellow-workers in the employ of the Richmond Gas Stove and Meter Co. Ltd., Warrington, and a few friends, on the occasion of his resignation after nearly fifteen years' service with the Company. The subscribers desire to place on record their appreciation of his sterling qualities as a colleague full of sympathy and ever ready to do a service—especially when the need is greatest—and to encourage by word or deed the juniors coming within his influence. May the future in his new home be full of joy and happy usefulness as well as of real success and may it bring opportunities for development on lines of progress con- genial to his tastes. Signed on behalf of the subscribers John R. Burnett, John King, David Mackay, James Pollitt, W. Rigby, W. H. Smalley, Frederick Taylor, W. H. Tickell, W. H. Sherburn, chairman of the oommittee. Warrington 26th June 1907." The address was beauti- fully illuminated,and was embellished with the Borough Arms,a portrait of the late Mr. Richmond, and a picture of the molten iron issuing from a cupola. There were also representations of the Welsh Dragon and of the emblems of industry. Mr. Sherburn in handing the gifts to Mr. Hughes said he was sure he would cherish the good feeling which prompted them and that in his new home he would feel all the stronger for having the good wishes of those he had felt behind in Warrington. (Applause.) In acknowledging the gifts, Mr. HUGHES said ; There are a few occasions, in every man's life, when his feelings are too deeply touched •to admit of even an attempt at adequate expression. That is exactly my position to-night. To break with the associations of close upon 15 years, involves a mental strain which only those who have themselves had a somewhat similar experience can realise. In simple, homely, but heartfelt words,l ask you to accept the very grateful thanks of my wife and myself for these handsome gifts,—and—above all—for the kindly spirit of appreciation they reprent. If I may couple a final request—along with this wit w- iedgment—l would ask everyone here to support' my friend and successor (I had almost said, and my pupil), Mr. Tickell, with the same whole-hearted spirit of comradeship, which, far so long a period, has been ex- tended to myself. In coming over—at this point in my speech—to his chair, to take his hand, I wish him every good wish—in recognition of our unbroken friendship of nearly 15 years, and may it continue for long years more. (Applause.) It would be a further favour to me, as a Welshman, if you would permit me to say just seven words of thanks in the old language. It may be many years before you have on the Com- pany's staff another Welsh-speaking officer, bound to you by ties of long aquaintance, f.o, although you cannot understand what I am going to say, you will not mind me putting on record my acknowledgments in the rich colouring of my own language. "Pi3b diolchgarwch chwi, am eich caredigrwydd." And now, friends,— let me say.—not farewell, but an revoir ! (Applause.) When Mr. Hughes sat down, the CHAIRMAN (Mr. Sherburn) rose, and asked would Mr. Hughes please translate, for the benefit of the assembled company, the purport of the Welsh sentence just quoted. Mr. HUGHES said the Welsh words referred to, expressed in a form which could not perhaps be so comprehensively conveyed in English his thanks for their kindness to him.

Mr. DANEEr. K. R. of Liverpool, said he had known Mr. Hughes most intimately during the whole of the time he had been ie Warrington.He was sorry he would never see Nfr.Hughes again at Messrs.ltichmond's,for he had always experienced the greatest courtesy and kind- ness at his hands.He wished Mir. Hughes every happiness and success in his new career. (Applause). A vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman for presiding, and to the artistes for their valuable services. A highly successful gathering concluded with the singing of the National Anthem.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS.

Latest Quotations. BANK RATE 4%. SETTLING DAY Jur.y 1111 r 1907. OFTICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOON. Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day. BRITISH FUNDS.

Consols 2.1°,1. 100 ...84 21% Annuities 100 ...91 2.1';',, Annuities 100 ...82f Nt. War Loan 21'4, Red 1910 lOO ...97,4 Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO —.941 Bank of England Stock .. lOO —.260 India Stock 100 ...97! BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 ...24 Lancashire and Yorkshire lO _351 London and County 90 90 London and Westminster 90 521 Manchester and County l7 ...581 Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 —.Os Parrs 90 ..84i Union of London 15i ...35k Union of Manchester ll ...2G Williams Deacons 8 —253

The above list and prices have been compiled by Messrg. T. and J. L. Tanstall and Co., Stock and Share Brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, and will be found reliable.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
WALKING DAY.

YESTERDAY'S SUCCESSFUL FESTIVAL.

Fine Weather.

Warrington kept high holiday yesterday, for it was Walking Day—the day dearer to the hearts of the children than any other. Whatever Cotllo3 or goes, the celebration of this festival is never lacking in whole-beartedness and enthusiasm, all being filled with the laudable desire to make the occasion a memorable and happy one in the lives of the youngsters. From time to time there have been sug- gestions that Walking Day should be merged into some other holiday, but to many people this would seem to be almost sacrilege, so that each year the festival is looked forward to with the same eagerness, and perhaps the more so because it is a purely local. holiday. Parents spare no trouble or expense in order that their children may figure in all the glory of fine raiment and it goes without saying that the little ones enjoy the procession, which to some might appear to be a tiring affair, and participate with zest in the romps in the fields. This week it has been hard to realise that Walking Day was so near at hand, or indeed that it was June at all. There was so little sunshine and so much cold and rain, that people began to quake lest the Walking Day of 1907 should be a complete failure. But on Thursday their spirits rose, for the sun shone once again and everything augured well for the following day until the , evening when there was again a change for the worse land showers damped the enthusiasm of the many who had been purchasing summer finery. However, to the jo3 of all, Walking Day opened most promisingly and genial sunshine cheered ths hearts of the children as they made their way to the schools. Later clouds gathered threateningly and during the day there were a few drops of rain, but on the whole the conditions were ideal for outdoor enjoyment—a fact upon which Warringtonians have every reason to congratulate themselves. _

Thh town wore quite a festive aspect, flags and bunting adding a touch of colour to the streets. The prettiest sight, however, was pre- sented at the Town Elan, where the decorations which were purchased for General Boiler's visit were again brought out and made a very striking display. Sus- pended from the flag staff on the roof of the building were long lines of streamers which fluttered gaily in the breeze, while the approaches to the Hall looked bright with Venetian masts and a profusion of streamers. The balcony was artistically draped with flags and various light materials. The Mayor and Mayoress (Alderman and Mrs. Smethurst) and members of the Council and their wives assembled on the Town Hall steps to witness the massing of the scholars on the lawn.

An animated scene was witnessed as the Church of England and Nonconformist schools comprising the main procession arrived in quick succession. One missed the familiar figure of Councillor J. G. Craik. who for many years has shared with Mr. R. T. Fairclough the task of marshalling the youthful hosts. Mr. Fairclough once again discharged the duties and was assisted by Mr. J. T. Locker. The police- arrangements were excellent, Chief Inspector Phillips being in command. With bands playing and banners flying, the scholars marched on to the lawn, and when all had taken their places, the effect was imposing. Promptly at ten o'clock the centre gates were opened and the Blue Coat School led the way in the march round the town. The procession was in the following order :

(11 Blue Coat School and Band. . (2) Paclgate Industrial School and Band.. (3) Parish Church and St. Helen's Church, Hollinfare,and Band of ate Bth and 40th Regimental District. (4) St. George's Mission and Pioneer Band. (5) St. Cletnent's Mission and Band of Newton Farm School. (6) St. Peter's School and Mr. Barnes' Band. (7) St. Paul's and Ardwick Green It dastrial Band (81 All Saints' Mission. (0) St. Ann's and Walker's Band. (10) Holy Trinity and Walton Band. (11) St. Luke's.

(12) Factory Yard lission. (13) St. Barnabas' and Preston Brook Band.

(14) St. James's and Volunteer Band. (13) Emmanuel Reformed Church. (16) Buckley-street. _ _

(17) Salvation Army and Band. (18) Ragged School and Drum and Fife Band.

It was indeed pleasing to see the long line of happy children with beaming faces, and it was fully evident that Walking Day had lost none of its charms for them. Each school had its handsome large banner with ribbons carried by gaily-attired girls; and bannerettes galore added to the attractiveness of the display. While there were not many attempts at the original, one could not fail to notice several features of more than usual picturesqueness. In this respect, the palm must be awarded to St. Peter's school, a large contingent of girls looking exceedingly pretty in dresses which were embellished with garlands, while on their heads were pretty wreaths of flowers. A number of boys figured in sailor costume, and a lavishly-decorated mail cart was a conspicuous feature. Scholars of several schools carried baskets of flowers and beautiful bouquets. St. Luke's displayed several floral arches which considerably enhanced the brightness of the procession. St. Barnabas School was headed by the handsome new embroidered banner bearing the figure of St. Barnabas as centre- piece. St. Clement's Church Lads' Brigade, in charge of Captain Gandy, Captain Lapage, Lieutenants Coates and Cotton,looked very smart and marched with military precision. A number of gaily decorated poles sur- mounted with floral crowns were carried in Emmanuel procession, which was particularly pleasing. As usnal, the Salvation Army and Ragged School which pursue a noble work among the poorest classes, brought up the rear. The object of the latter institution was aptly set forth on a poster which read :—" Beautiful Warrington. The Warrington Ragged School and Mission workers are trying to make Warrington socially beautiful by helping and educating poor children." The streets were thickly lined with spectators and the procession, which took fifty-five minutes to leave the Park, was watched with great interest, not the slightest hitch occurring. In the afternoon the youngsters betook themselves to fields where they disported themselves to their hearts' content. Games were indulged in with zest, those children who acquitted themselves best in the sp6rts returning home the fortunate possessors of prizes. .

- As in previon3 years, most of the Nonconformist schools gave their children a complete day's enjoyment in the country. Wycliffe scholars journeyed to Dunham Hill ; Gplborne-street Baptists to Lymm ; Bold-street Wesleyans to Lymm ; Workingmen's Mission and Sankey Bridges Wesleyans to Burtonwood; Cairo-street Unitarians to Walton Old Hall; and Friars Green and Brick-street Methodists to Padgate.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
ROIAN C kTHOLTC PROCESSION.

Anyone with a genius for mathematics could estimate with a fair amount of accuracy the amount of hard cash expended in preparing the Roman Catholic children for the annual procession, but great as that total must be it counts for little against the display of self-sacrifice on the part of the parents involved in the pageant. Yesterday's procession, in the opinion of most if not of all who beheld it surpassed any of previ- ous years. It was a matter for considerable regret that it could be seen in its it entirety in Bridge-street only and it would be well if in the future the promoters would extend the route to include Sankey-street, Parker-street and Wilson Patten-street after the various schools have met at Bridge ',loot. This would mean that more time would be required but the difliculty could be met by starting a little earli3r. Yesterday there was far too long a wait after the ordinary procession had passed. As in the past the procession contained many features of special interest. The denomination is fortunate in possessing a number of magnificent banners and statues and these were displayed to the best possible advantage. The statue of the Blessed Virgin from St. Arary's, Butternaarket-street, in particular was worthily decorated with lilies. A special feature was the uni- formity displayed in the dressing of the children, and in the case of the little girls from St. Mary's, Latchford, who wore white dresses and blue sashes and veils sur- mounted by floral crowns,the effect was unusuall pretty. The general effect of the procession was charming in the extreme and in the constant outbursts of applause in which the onlookers were led to indulge, those who had faced the task of preparing the children,reaped their reward.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
RETURNS FROM THE SCHOOLS.

The usual returns from the schools as to the number of scholars, officials, and how the day was spent, will be fonnd on page 3.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
Marriages.

ARM ITAGE—LITTLEWOOD.—June 22nd, at he Parish Church, NVarrington, Alfred Armitage to Clara Littlewood, by the Rev. Canon Willis. AIAssEY—THONIPSON—June 23rd, at the Parish Church, Warrington. Samuel Massey to Ada Thompson, by the Rev. Canon Willis.

Warrington.—Printed and published by Sons WALKER & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey-street, and published by them at the sam e place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road WIDNES: 32, George-street, Sr. HELENS: 3, Market- treet, EA.RLESToWN; Church-street RIINCOW JU '4901,1907.

===== 0002601_19070629_art0154.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4 ‘2l:

===== 0002601_19070629_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CHURCH. BKWSEY 1-TREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). JUNR 30TH, 1907. PREACHER : REV. J. YONG% 10.30 ADD 6.30. USUAL OFFERTORIES.

F OR ARTIFICIAL TEETH AND THEIR ACCOMPANYING PLOCESS ES CONSULT W. J. BARNES. 54, LEGLI STREi',T, WARRINGTON.

BoLn s,T WE.4IIFIIYAI CHURCH. TO-MOIRROw (RIINDAY) JUNE 30'rs, 1907. Morning 10 3). Rev. J. MANNING. Evening 6.30. Rev. W. MELLOW MI welcome. Hymn Books provided.

BEW SEY 13('A1) WESLEYAN CHURCti. wARRINGroN. ON SUNDAY MOO% JUNR 30TIT. 19n. Morning nlO : Hey. SIONNY PITT. Evening/ 630 : 'Rev. H. J. GAw,R. AU vreirome Viymn Books provided.

BA C PTIST H R 11. LATCHFORD TO-MORROW (9,7ICDAY) JUNE 3CTH, 1907. PPE CHRR . JOLIN FR AMU,' MATTHEWSZ. MoNnTN. 1n.70 : '• A pronhPt of the country-side." EVENING 8.0 : rTfoirea eR.p." OFFRHTOBINGI.

THiC cOtsPOKATION OF WARR) NtiToN IS. PRBPARRO to RIV:RIVB LOANS, either at six months notice or for a term of years. Applicition to be m.de to tbe BOROUGH TufLieuxxa, Municipal Offices, Warrington. BIRKBECK BANK. BSTABLIBRED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON FRIILOING9, HIGH HOLBORN, W.C. 2t PIM CENT. INTBRRST aliowel on Deposit Accounts. 2 PREZ CIiNT. INTER:BST on Drawing Accounts with Checpie Book. All General Baliking Business rls7aosacte,i. ALMANACK, WITH FULL BARTICULAkEI. POST PRIN. C. F. RA.VBNDOROFP, SRelm.kEly

BAPTIST CRURCti, G()LiioRNI4I TO-MORROW •RTINDAY) JUN( 30TH. PRF CANIt : Rev. J. S. 1111(1,4RS. 111nANING 1n.45 RvrtiiNG 830 Hymn Book, nrovicied. Rvervboav welcome. wpdneadav Rvening S.rvipA 8.15, NW BRlni-ITON.—S(114"(11. TRY. ATS AN 0 PARTIRS OATRRRD FOR BY HRMINGWAY. BAKRR, VICTORIA ROAD. Poome and rtensila on Hire ; aecommodation about 400 OtTooite Tower Entranee. Fgerton at.. New Brighton.

----- HAIR COMBINGS wade up 2/- per OZ. COVERLICTTII TAILS OF 1. Fitom HATII FRAMHS, I PUR R r FROM 3/8 EACH. HAIR. '3/ T S BROWN, 3, WINCH ST (CAR STATION). LTVRRPOOL. 03TAIN lOUR NIALtL' NURSE Ftico& lIE OLDEST ESIABLISHED NURSES' INSTITUTION Isr TEL& Noma OF SNOLLND. HOPE 110(JSE, 1-IOP4 AT., LIVE.IRPOn, Telephohe : 2570 Royal. • Telegrams : " Nurses." Livero,ll. PRIVA.TIC HOSPITAL FO4 913INPLRYI I.

WIRRAL tom BIRICIVVRte,AD SHOW.— JULY 10Tit AND 11TH. (PREstrozwr: ALFRBT: H. BRAD. E Q.) unTRIEs FOR DOG. FOUL rRY. PIGRONS, RABBITS ARO CANN& POSITIVIILY CIJOS liT JULY (P AT). 'gone bea,inz a tatpr pntt.nark ein be acsevted tn aleorii- "eft with the Oolineire reenlution. ARTHUR q RD'"ARnSnN, SPc-ett,v, 6, HaMiltoTl pi:ogre, Airkenheet.

WHITE (3 T 'il.o TRAFieORD. mAmoi-r-sPQR. A CITY OF PLEASURE. opwl DAILY FROM 12.0 TD 'l.O P.M. 10 HOUR?' OONTINUOUS 11-SIOIHNT. THIt FINRRT BANDS TN THE vI7O,'LD. BALL ROOM. sKkTING RINK. BRILLIANT iLrTTAINATIONS. EiniNG DEVICES AND NUMEROUS ATTRACTIONS. Boole a Tickets. Including Admission to Grounds and 15 bide Shows, 3s. Fd. ADMISSION sixpluonp. PRELIMINARY NO l'lUtt, BOLD STP T WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON DIRDICAToRy SERVICE & OPENING OF NEW ORGAN. THURSDAY. mix 11TH, AT 7.30 P.M., RECITAL BY DR. J. KENDRICK PYRE, (ORGANIST OF THE TOWN HALL. UNIVERSITY, it CATHEDRAL, MANcHESIER.) SUNDAY, JULY 14TH. PrirscHr.R: REV. t 4. T. HOUSE, or LIVERPOOL. RECITAL BY MR. W. H. PAYTON, Mos. Bi.c. VIOL THURSDAY, JULY 18TH. AFTERNOON AT 3.10. EVgNINCI AT 7.30, RECITALS BY M. DAVID CLEGG (01, LONDON), THE WORLD-RENOWNED ORGANIST. SUNDAY, JULY 21ST. PREACHER REV. JOSEPH MANNING, RECITAL BY MR. FRINK HICKMAN. fe(4O,IIRISMN on Thursday* by Sonv.nir which may be had the organ Snb-Comrnittee at Is. each. _ 0

TO BANDSMEN & OTHERS. NOW IS THE TIME TO SEND YOUR REPAIRS TO B. J. WARD Sz, SONS, ST. ANNE ST., LIVERPOOL, MANUFACTURERS OF MILITARY & BRASS BAND INSTRUMENTS, Fyn AND DRUM'S, 'BUGLES, CONCERTINAS, ACOORDEONS, REPAIRS (by exnerenced workmen) A SPEOIALITY. Moderate charger. Returned quickly. Band at,incla Is. Id. Estimates free. Don't delay but send on at once to 1.0 ST ANNE ST., LIVERP DOL.

TWO GOOD PIANO Fort SALE. One by Hilton and Hilton, now in use at the Parr Hall. One by Wm. Sames, Ltd.. now in use at Bold Street School. APPLY : WADS WORTH'S. 69 sitsflow..TßKET, WARHINGTON, RIDER AGNINT3 o ANTRO. SANIPLe. Fame. RWORLD'S ELIANCE BEST CYCLES COmphicru WIIH ALL I'OCINSOHLM. EASY TERMS 2s. WEEKLY. GUARANTEED TEN YEARS. CATALOGUES FREE. RN LIANCE WORLD'S CYCLE MAKER, 29 AND 31 MANCHESTER ST., LIVERPOOL. Established 1881. NOCNTY BOROUGH W Aft RINGTI) • - NOTICE OF AUDIT OF THE A0001)NTS OF THE COUNCIL AS THE LOCAL EDUCVfION AUTHORITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ax MARCH. 19n7 NOTTOE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the ACCOUNTS of this Edunasion Authoritv,together with all the account books deeds, contracts, accounts, vouchers and receipts mentioned or referred to in the Accounts will, on the sth day of July, 1907, be deposited for seven days at the Municipal Offices, Bank House, Sankey street, and such statements and books of ac^ondt will be open to be inspected examined, and copied by any ratepayer in the nistrict of the said Council at rtiv reasonable hour in the d-ry time; and that on the 15th day of Jnlv, 1907, et the hour of Ten-fifteen o'clock in the forenoon, the Accounts of the Authority will be audited by ERNE‘ixf W. HICKS, Bon., the District Auditor, at the Municipal Offices, Bank House, sankey ,treet. who, and where every such ratepayer who may have any ohjection to any matte. Contained in the above-mentioned Accounts, may attend and prefer his objection, and the !Mlle will be heard and deter- mined by the Auditor. Dated this 29th day of June, 1907. J. LYON WHITTLE. Town Clerk.

--- Nlt IV T 0 N FARM St;HOOL—BUILDK RS DESIROUS of TISNDI4RING for certain alterations bet`,..ne above, are rrguesterl to apt), v for pa ul lticare, on or 'ure Satureay, July 6th, at the Ofroes of th- architects. WILLI VII ANT) SilG kg OW KN. • Cairo at. Cbambers, Warrington. -

CHESR IRE COUNTY COUNCIL. -nRINyING REGI,•TERS OF 70TERS.—Per8ons tinciron. cf lENDitRING for the PRINTING Rnri BINDING. &e., r,t th, RhIGISTERS of PARLIA- MENTARY. COUNI'Y and PARt.,CIIIAL ELECTORS for the Clunty of Cester, may on'qin oartietriaro, rpec,finafions. ;Ind en ntlitiona at the Office of the Clerk to the C mood, Nortllgate-str,,,, Ch-mter. /,EGINALD POTTS, Clerk to the Council. Cheorr, 20th June, 1907.

TRND R I NVITHD F.. 11 PAINTING IMOTBILL PAVILION; TARRING and LIMB- evASHING FRNCRS. - Particulars : Apply on ground any "INC next week from 7.30. Tenders to be sent by the 6th -I'l3' to 11. ASHTON. Bridge Foot. Warengton. W ARRI N GTO N INFIRM ARY EXTENSION SUBSCRIPTIONS TO D MIL £ s. d. krnoloves of vfeisrs the Pexreon end KnOwiell Coal and Tr m Co.. Ltd. (thirteenth end final monthly nontrlbu- tion.) To`.al Pubsoribed £509 10. Id 39 3 10 Warrington Grwers' & Provision Dealers' Association lO 10 0 li'lPloyes of London end North- 4este,n Railway Company. Lolomative Deiart- Scent, (first in.telment)... '",t• Robert Oltron 5 5 0 J E.GJ+tW. Lynam ‘.""• Stephen Okle vu,',s. Ann 1-few:tt Jarnei Povev Mrs. William Winstanlev 1 I 0 Mr. end Mn. H. Roberts 23. Bewsev rd 1 n o '4*. D. Donnelion Cr Mrs. Pin'Amere's fund Mr.., John Burgess. Appleton Mr. C. Dawson, Lymtn 1 1 n J'. H. 4niall sums Ainount previous'y acknowledged £12106 14 6 £12196 13 7 W. PRTRIn RYLANOS. Chairman of Use 14xtensints Committee. GIiORGII DARIN. Hon. Treasnrer.

COUNTY PALATINE OF' CHESTER. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, in and for the said County on MONDAY, the Ist day of July, 1907, at Half-past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Petty Sessional Divisions of Broxton, Chester Castle, Dares- bury, Eddisbury, Nantwich, Runcorn, Winsford , and Wirral, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last-mentioned Divisions, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the Opening of the Court on MONDAY, the Ist of July, 1907, at Half- past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE COURT will be adjourned to the COURT HOUSE, KNUTSFORD, on WEDNESDAY, the 3rd day of July, 1907, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Petty Sessional Divisions of Altrincharn, Bucklow, Dukinfield, Middlewich, Sandbach, Congleton, Northwich, Prost- bury, and Stockport, forming the Knutsford District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from such Divisions will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knutsford Pistrict must be in attendance at the Court House, I•:nutsford, at, the Opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY, the 3rd day of July next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD porrs, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, 12th June, 1907.

LAL\ SAILINOS TO GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. " PwINCES9 LOUIsE " Olt OTHER 4.TAMER. From LIVERPOOL From GLA,GOW (Cla!ence Pock.) (Berths No. 22-28, North Side) Sat. June 29th I p.m. 'hies. July 2e4 2 P.m. *'.3o pan- nun. July 4th 6 p.m. sat. July 6th 2 p.m. *9.io p.m. Toes July 9th 8 o.m. Thurs.Julv 11th 2 u.m.*9.'o p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). Special reduced through tiakets from Warrington, Widnes &c. Single, let Mass And Cabin Ile. 6d. ;Single, 3rd Class and Steerage 6s. Return (valid for two months) Ist Class and Cabin 18a. ; 3rd Class and Cabin. 17s. NOTE.—The above fares incleide the railway journey between Greenock and Glasgow (Central). *Pecial 14 days Excursion Tickets : Cabin 145., Steerage Ss. 3d. M. LANGLANDQ AND EONS, 14, cROS9 STREET, MANCHESTER. 10, RUMFORD PLACE, LIVERPOOL DUBLIN, ALSO ENGLISEI LAKt&t. TEDCASTLS LINA. Br, ACKROOK," "CUMBRIA," 11' EBTANA," and " ADRIA," from SOUTH Side, NELSON DOL K. Liverpool, Every Tuetoay. Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. to DUBLIN. Return Saloon, 10s. ; Steerage, 5.. with Cheap Excursion Tickets bV HUY SAILING DAY, to Bray, wicklow, Avoca, 1v.., and on Fridays and Saturdays to Xll,arney, Cork, Bundoran, Warrenpoint, &e. 101. Return saloon to Dublin. or it.. including admission to Irish International Exhibition. WFast S.S. BLALK HOCK" every Tiletday and Friday from Liverpool, and every Monday end Wednesiay from Dublin. SPECIAL ROUND eiHA TRIP, per .1 Cumbria," livery Saturday. to Whitebaven, giving 3 days for Englien Lakes. thence to Dublin, and back I.lTerpool (6 days, or within 2 months). Saloon, 2's Apply ..cono4.BTLll,mcCo k co.. LTD., Liver- pool, Telegiams. " Tedoastle." hone 975.

NOW IS TRH TIME TO INSURE. C. JACKSON HOLMES, INSURANCE EXPERT, MARKET-GATE, WARRINGTON. Special Rates quoted for Workmen's Compensation. Servants' Insurance. Personal Accident Insurance. Surveys made for Fire Insurance Free of Charge. Rates quoted from all the leading offices. Life Assurance Policies arranged on advantageous .terms. Telephone 382 x.

TO PI:OPERTY OWNERS AND OTHERS. WiLLIAM FIARTILL, PAINTER, PAPERHANGER & DECORATOR, 177, LONGFORD STREET, (OFF ORFORD LANE), WARRINGTON. REASONABLE CHARGES. DISTANCE NO OBJECT. EVAN S & SON. AUCHONKKRS, VA.LUERS & ES NUN AGENTS, 14, CROSS STREET, MAN- CHSSTEII. —Auctions of every description conduoted in town and country. Valuations made for Probate, Mortgage and Business Purposes. Land developel ; fin tnces arranged. Property bought and sold. List of sound investments in p•operty sent free on application. Mortgages arranged from £3OO to £30,000 on freehold or long leasehold property. Rents collected and estates managed. References to Bankers, Solicitors and Clients. Terms sent on application. 0-trrespondence invited, Tel. 6085.

ROBERT ill_49Wß, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, t VALUER Office and Salerooms : No, 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 65. CASH AnvexcEn ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Second-band Irnrniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furnittne. sc.. warehoused, G R A MOPHONE AND Z ONO PHONE JUNE RECORDS. in Stock. Don't miss the set of Wm. Tell, Dawn. Storm, Calm, and Victory. These are musical gems. New songs by Edward Lloyd, also Cello Solo, &a. Thomas Edison, Sterling. Ed. 11.11,and White. June Records in stock. Don't ruin your records with needles playing ,P) more than once. JAKE GR ATI A M'S, 76, RENSHAW STREET, AND 271, PARK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Tel. 56X Royal.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, SICKNESS, id PLO Y REIS' LIABILITY. BURGLARY AND FIDELITY GUARANTRB RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL ((ully subscribed) 2i,003,0C0 CLAIMS PAID £5,000,000 64. CDRNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAL Secretary MANCHIISTER OFFICE 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented cilstricts. AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Bridge St. , Mr. W.H. RlGBEY.Nessoliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latchford St Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardsbaw-street HAydock Mr. J. BILLINGS The Willows Sandbach Mr. F. J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge g PIERPOINT AND PRIZE rdEDAL BA.KBSY, 125, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. BEST HOUSEHOLD BREAD. SPECIAL VALUE IN FLOUR. RRT,F-RATSING PLOUR. HARD TO BRAT.

GrEDDES'S DANDELION UOFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN cA.NisrEas 5D., 10p., AND is. BD., EACH WHOLENALFL BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD:, WARRINGTON. ICEITABLTAMCD 1833. ' sMOKE ,UDLOW'S " OLD BOY'S," TOBACCO. COOL AND LASTING. sn. PER OUNCE 1.. 7n. PER LB. TIN; 68. PER LB. I 1 T. ouDLow & WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15, WINWICK ST., & 65, BUTTERMARKET ST, TP.I.P.PRoIgE 414 Y. WARRINGTON.

"MAGB EL" RAZORS ARE THE AC If OF PERFECTION. SHNFFIRL MAKS, WABRANTBD, POST FRPIII 2s. 61., 38., 46. An., AND, 64. 8n J. O. DODD. to, ST, JOHN'S LANB,2LIVBRPOOL. Made Ansi Grnnnd By Bilelish Lahnnr.

LEFT-One CLOTHING, &c., BOUGHT.—BEST PRIOR for parcels forwarded; if .not approved Goods Returned, CARRIAGBFAID. Second-hand DRESS SUITS, MILITARY, IHRATPICAL, BAND UNIFORMS. LIVRRIRS, ARMY THNTS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRICK. LADIRS' RVIsNING DRIISSRS, 003TOMRS, BLOUSBS. MOT'S FUR-LINN/1 and FROCK COATS. FORTMANTRAUS, Etc., 2nd-h4nd. Very low prices. ARMY FROUSEIIS,SHIRTS.BLUOKHRS,WRLLINGUONS, CARDIGANS, olLsKurs, FOLIOS °APRS, GOR'MAN'S. 328, 428, and 340, Deansgate, Manchester. Betmbllsheel 50 YeArs. Telephone No. 4138.

ESTAB LI SH ED 1876. FANIOUS R& P 1907 CYCLE. FRONI £6 TO Xl5/15/-. • CYCLISTS INSPECT THE I &p. For HIP Highest-classSl EDIdOD EL. Workmanship, • Quality, and Finish, see the R& P R P' 1907 MODELS. CATALOGUES FREE. R& P' 11,0BosoN & PRICE, D SPOT :-39, Wilt I'IIO HAMM Works Al,, 43, PEMBROKE PLACE, IR& p 9 Garange J LIVERPOOL. Telephone Nos. 2682 Vleot!tarial. REPAIIIq.-111 makes Renovated, Plated and Enamelled In our famous 'N and P' Finish. Two and Three Speed Gears Fitted. Are you troubled about the Employer's Liability Act? You are I then INSURE! INSUER ! ! INSURE! ! ! A hearty laugh for yourself and all your household by pureheing ACCIDENTS WILL HAPPEN By W. K. HAPELDEN (of the "Daily Mirror "), 5n4 CHARLES HARRISON (Of "Punch.") On sale everywhere, at all Bookseller.. at Messrs. Smith's and Wyman's Bookstall's, at all Newsagents. at is. net cr to be bad post free for Is. id: from the Publisher— DAVID NUTT, 57-.9 LONG ACRE, LONDON.

iSOVEREIGN FOR 7/1. RE S. A. NIATHERS, LADIES' OF JITTER, MILLINER, AND FANCY DRAPER, 97, )ARLINGTON-ST., WOLVERHAMPTON. A RELINQUISHING BUSINESS, VA LL BLE STOOK-IN-TRADE, AMOUNTING TO 6529 9s. 3D. PURCHASED FP-)M THE ACCOUNTANTS, MESSRS. A. R. BRETT AND CO, 3, GORE STREET, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER, AT A DISCOUNT OF 64 PER CENT. ACCOUNTANTS' ABSTRACT. PINAFORES AND OVERALLS CHILDREN'S BLOUSE 3, COSTUMES AND SKIRTS CHILDREN'S UNDER,' I.OLHING AND HOSlERY INFANTS' R(WES AND GOWNS, SHAWLS, &c. 3B 4 0 WOOL BOOTS, INFAN tiES, POLKAS, AND GAITERS PELISSES, COSTUMES-, FROCKS, CLOAKS, &..c SUN HATS AND BONNETS, £lO ss. 6d., INFANTS' MILLINERY, £72 18s. 11d. LADIES' BLOUSES , GLOVES, RIBBONS, LACES, FALL NETS, AND EMBROIDERlES SKIRTS, DIVIDED SKI tTS, DRESSING GOWNS, AND DRESSING JACKETS 25 6 11 FURS AND FEATHER '‘OAS l6 16 LACE COLLARS, TIES, AND BELTS APRONS, CAPS, HANDKERCHIEFS, COLLARS, FRILLINGS, &e l5 0 4 LADIES' UNDERCLOTI. TNG AND CORSETS 6O 13 7 HARERDASHERY AND i7OREIGN FANCIES lO 14 10 £S2HENRY MILES AND COMPANY —993 —. WILL, OFFER THE ABOVE FOR SALE ON MONDAY NEXT & FOLLOWING DAYS, TOGETHER WITH IMPORTANT SPECIAL PURCHASES AND CLEARING LINES SECURED FROM MANUFACTURERS AND WAREHOUSEMEN COMPELLED TO UNLOAD AT A HUGE SACRIFICE AFTER THE WORST SEASON ON RECORD, TOTAL PURCHASES £3,645. EXTRAORDINARY BARGAINS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. MONDAY NEXT & FOLLOWING DAYS. SEE WINDOWS. "THE SIGN OF THE GLOVE," CHURCH STREET, AND WILLIAMSON STREET, LIVERPOOL.

NOTICE OF EtEMOVILLg. fluggett & Worthington ELECTRICAt and MECHANICAL ENGINEERS and CONTRACTORS, BEG TO ANNOUNCE THAT OWING TO STEADY EXPANSION OF THEIR BUSINESS] THEY HAVE FOUND IT NECESSARY TO REMOVE TO LARGER PREMISES, 85 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

FOR REALLY GOOD TAILORING, WHETHER LADIES' OR GENTLEMEN'S, GO TO H. S. PAGE & CO., 74, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. WE STUDY YOUR WANTS AND LAY OURSELVES OUT TO SUPPLY THEM

THE HOLIDAYS! DRESS TRUNKS, OVERLAND TRUNKS, GLADSTONE BAGS, BRIEF BAGS. HAMPERS AND BASKETS. BEST VALUE IN TOWN. E. COATES, BRIDGE STREET, WAILKINGTON.

ORDER NOW, STYLISH SUITS FOR SUMM.E.R, CRAIK7 36, BUTTERM4FIELTUREET,

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, PRAMsi MAKER AZD PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Weddins and Birthday Presents, School Prises, Ito. Term. Moderate. REPRODUCTION'S BY HOLLYBR OF PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSiRITI. awl BURITH-JONES. AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL. TATE AND OTHER GALLERIIIi. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

Telephone 197. JO M. Menalgh & Co. Ltd. BRIDGE STREET, Vir/IRTUNCIPTON.

URANKBY 'MUSK SCHOOL, 110YLAICE, OIdESHIRIL —Principals : Miss OHAPMAI and Miss GAMIN. Education on best modern lines. Preparation for Examinations. Reiictent Foreign Governess. Next term begins May Bth. KK 1 L , A ILLU Wl3. BOARDING and DAY scHont, FOR GIRLS; Boys received up to ten years of age. Slimmer term begins April Bth. at 2 o'clock. A full t.rm's notice required b4fore the removal of a pupil.—Prlncipais : Miss G. HARTLEY and Miss M. L. PUCK. '4(47C1-IPOtt I' Ntl)Dit,dN scaooL—AN IDEAL Li SCHOOL PoR Boyi. First-elms education, good home, and healthy sarroonlinga. Swimming, Gymnastics. CuasdueatlivCr;uli. mpanypr.oaspnet deR,,T ,rorn aeflngpea.t,cFiopreAltgn bops received.

I ADIRS' SOHOOL Thareugh modern liducntion. J Highest rPferencel. 30 guineas.—ST. MARGLHET'S HotreE, Hove. Brighten.

QTOCKTON LODGE E11f413 SCI/00L, STOCKTON HRATH, WARRINGTON (3 minus from Car Tertninua) DAY AND BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, KINDSRGARTRN. PREPARATORY SCHOOL, FOR BOYS. Lard° House. extensive .rounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident staff and vi, Ring Masters and Mistresses tfreat successes in Wraminstions. PROS 9BCTir. q Parevs an 4 Views on application to '2lll tlt'Siiy3 PA RTINGTON, PRINCIPAL.

00tt5c55 anb Ka/lb on A'ate.

Cii-tHAP LAND, Grass. 55 acres, Kent, near Folkestone, £1,250.--111 RVRY. Furveyr:r, Canterbury. GOOO FARvI.I2? acre:, bkst part 43913 R, 23,150.—Erzta, Fir Tree Cottawe Roehford. %9e.

LISSI' X.-74 acres. mostly grftes. with cottage, £1,250.- 1/ LLI. Fr Tree Cottage, Reehford, Bum HPORT.—Rare opportunity.— Freehold Corner Site, 1,218 yAnis ; eentr-ll ; near Prornenaie ; exzeptional for resitlrnee or sanetorium —Patiaaa. 2, Church et

I AND FDR COTTAGNS on Sale In la we or small plots IA opposite New Cotton Mill, good dlrtrict; low ground rent, ; plans passe -I ; free conveyances.-335, SAYE DEPosir, Manchester. DRINE LAND3.—Freehold land, workshops and buildings, laearly 100 yards frontaze River Weaver ; also large bandsrw. table, lathe (treble purchase) handcart and iron crab.—Apply loMglrow, Lock at , fliorthwich.

TINVIRSTOUS.—Bquity of 48 substantially built well, I let weeklies. One lot or sepsratelq. Best situation round Manchester. Near cars and 'station. Gross rental £922 71. Prie £2,3oo.—Apply J. SPenßow. Rolesten House, Vallowfleld. Man bel”er

M 0 N 6 £1.13. Au rodwwaircd: .mrraanneteer:teprri vately. IN/fOIIPY a Warmed on Phortest notice by p,st. Interest 5 JL per cent. I.er annum. All respectable people should apply. Privacy . guar.inteed. instßnc,) no object. Stamp reply.—Box 4654. 0/ ) SHtratlw & rHATCRER, Holborn Piaci,.

wiants. £5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES. MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect We Householders, on their own security, without delay, or your simple written promise to pay hack. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. Id. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: 70 R N R. GOOLI WI N. fr,E.—Warrington ,rot Run,orn Applicants may receive Money any Evening at their own Homes.

CiAtill A( COMMODATION, to all respectable 1, i Hnd tru•tworthy persons, on these terms : £5 Repay £5 12s. 6d. £lO EIS £ 0 £4O ~ £33 15s. Od. £SO £.03 . . £ll2 10s. Od. Call or write to Amtivti 'Lewitt • . W. JACK4oN. 26. CORPORATION SP. MANOtmwruts. Tel.. 2247.

TO £S,OOO.—WR v ! WHY!! WRY ! ! t sell, DawtPor let. your friends know that you are short of a little ready cash. We have plenty of money, and are willing to lend you part of it at a very low rate of interest and an easy repayment e,an be arrangNi Recording to your income, 25 loan l/8 weekly 2?f, loan 5/- weekly £lO loan 3/- weekly 243 loan 10/- weekly larger sums in same nroortion, other terms as mutually agreed upon. Don't Pay 2/6 in 'he £ foe a month. So don't fall to give us acallor write and convince yourself that our terms cannot be beaten. —APPLy TO ...IMMO,' & 00,, 31, CAIRO Si'., WARRINGTON. MISS COTTRRILL. 51INIGXREMI. N,l3,—Read this carefully, 'That you cannot understand. we will exoblin; we mean nothing but. /meat and straight- forward dealings. Letters pr mptly attended too.

45 TO £5OO. SPRCIAL TRIMS FOR THR HOLIDAYS. IT IS WORTH YOUR wHILR TO GIVB US A TRIAL. On RRORIPT of pour Application Mv MANAAER will call upon you and Lend you what you require on the follow- ing terms. E 5 ... 1/6 weekly -ClO ... 2/6 weekly 2/- „ (16 ... 3/6 „ £2O 4/6 weekly Larger amount. in proportion. For Prospectus Apply or write t) J. BURNS, 4, PARKER ST., (SANKEY ST.,) WARRINGTON.

MONEY LENT AT 'SHORT NOTICE. ADVANCES of large or small amounts (not less than RIO) granted WITHOUT DELAY on promissory note only. NO BILLS OF SALM TAKEN. :MODERATE TERM. NO APPLICATION FREQ. BUSINESS CONDUCTED STEAIGHTFORWArMLY. Full information supplied either mennallv or by post )'RI OF Cs) ,T, and all enquiries 110,14.THI) WIT( CONFIDENCE. Repayments arranged to suit borrower's convenience. Apply to : GEORGE PAY NE & SONS, 20, KENNEDY ST., COoPER ST., MANCRESTER. OR Hi,SCHOOL LAN 17, LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISH RD 187 g. TRICTIA PRIVATE IJOANS, ON A NOTE OF HAND ALONE To LADIES AND GENTLEMEN AT A REASONABLE RATE OF INTEREST AND WITHOUT PUBLICITY REPAYMENTS TO SUIT BORROWERS' CONVENIENCE. . r I\JRO. J. BARR Tr (VANAGERESS), 1, CIIBSTER ROAD, WARRINGTON

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HAKRIS, 2, RING-STREXT, FIANLKI, AND 13, NEVVGATIS SIRE KT, CH gt,TER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, la Sums of from £lO to £L,OOO ON RIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. DArvrt EM wishing tor temporary CASH ADVANJER should note the advantnies offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATH OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GITARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSfEId OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THis BORROW ER. NO BILLS OF 'ALB ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SRCEECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTBEIT:011 IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent oases a Representative 11l call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealirg and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands norivalled

THE SETTLER'S IDEAL MOMS r., .. , M. .. THE ~,,.., ~.„. .4. •. , ..3.,4 A , • , \, ...., ,•,.... , „ ...k. .: t.. , 4, -• 44 f 07 's, Ai 3 Arrangements have been made with the Shaw, Savill & Albion C 0.., The New Zealand Shipping Co. and the Federal Steam Navigation Co., for EVE EP Co., 1 F.A. Et MIS for 2nd and 3rd Clasi•Passages. At the . ~,,- present time reduced rate passages are limited to Farmers, ‘„,}1.,:•3—, 4110''''''.:,x - .--.ft9AirtA4;7,• Agricultural Labourers, Shepherds, Wooa Cutters and men able to milk cows and manage live stock, who, if -',-• 4 -0---- -- approved, must take £25 with them. Domestic (Women) • Servants will be granted passages at the reduced rates : ' ----------.4 —..4r.%. -/-• . ~.....„,,e_ subject to their taking with them not less than .C 2. For ..."'s ,*' ft' .0 ' -...;_._"' 7-7.,,,,,-.7.- application 'forms and further information apply to the •'' • , ...—_,..,-. ••4 ',. '''''...:: •• High Commissioner for New Zealand, 13, Victoria Street. '7/ Nt,,,„.,41, r ....1,...iki,.%ne :.t.W.;,:k . London, or the Agents in the United Kingdom of the . iffl-N. ~.4 -4,,,, -,54..,.,t1...:..u.-v4tf. above Shipping Companies.

. c.-- ,_,......... n ••,,,.,..., ..,.., ... , : ticT, 4.4 5' , :471. .Pm•w.g. , I/ i 1 • . .1•IY. .' • ' 747 11\ I r 1 ilk) . • • o•tqlk 3.'• - . ifif c. .I 1 . , ..,, ,\ ii 1 i I•\' \\ ~ \ • i \\. ' I 1/01" 1/ ''III• I i ' ', s ,\,' \ . ' .'.iiiiilll,iidil \ \ . ---=-----.-,....:-..,' „---

BLOOD AND SKIN DISEASES. Blood is Life, let it be Pure. Blotches, pimples on the face and body, scrofula, pores, itching, and redness of the skin, blackheads and eczema, indicate impure • blood and unhealthy constitution. If your blood is pure your skin will be clear and healthy looking; the direct cause of skin eruption is found in the blood. Parify the blood and you purify and clear the skin. The purifying ad healing properties of Veno's Seaweed Tonic do this admirably. Treatment for a week or two will be so con- vincing as to place a cure even in the worst cases beyond doubt. The old way was to tags sulphur. sarsaparilla, etc.. the new way is to take Seaweed, which is infinitely superior. Veno's Seaweed Tonic not only purifies but enriches the blood. It acts constitu- tionally by strengthening the digestion and increasing assimilation and nutrition. Ask for Veno's Seaweed Tonic. Price one and. three-halfpence and two and nine, at chemists everywhere

TAKE HORLICK'S MALTED MILK AND KEEP STRONG. REQUIRES NO COOKING. Samples, 34, Farringdon London, E.C. 111111111111E111111111111

The maintenance of HEALTH is assured by taking Dr. SCOTT'S PILLS An unfailing remedy for Biliousness, Indigestion, Wind, Constipation, Loss of Appetite, and other kindred troubles. Sold at au Chemists aid Stores, 1/14 lind 219 per box.

T A.DY Pllc/TOGRAPHR4.—Vituaney re.ilent noon bnard, tuition, Ms. week inelweive.-61, NIANSFIRLD BD . Ilford.

WANTBD.—GooI Agents everywhere; rood commission• no risks. —SCHOFIELD, the Cheapest Printer. Shuttle worth, Manchester.

WAqTRY).—OId collection, nr fine specirnms of sing'e Foreign starnps.—CoiLitoron, Brsidies, Dowend. Glo”cester.

AGBNTS WANTRIL—Good Commission.—Apply MrrerxELL's I,4in-clomp Company, 46, Dalton rd., Stockton Heath, Warrington. WA.Frrn n. —Reliable Agents for Rowden's Herbal Remedies. Excellent profits.— Genuine trade.— Bownfres.luvkfield, p,irnomble.

WA,TTRD.Iifs' Rnd Gentleninn's Onst-nff Clothing. Postal Orders frn• parcels. Any distanee.—Mr. and Mrs. H.TTOT3TriN. 2 Teverton at., Tl4rw.n.

()Mg FOR RNGAGFMRNTS ; day or night waiting; also ternnorary nUTTAR or Coachmtn. —CHARLES DALTIMORE 22. Main rd. Windermere.

ADY Photographer Vqcsney ; resident pupil; boßrd I tuition, 255. week Inclusivs.-61, MANSFIELD RD, lifo.d.

(IORRIttiPONORNOT4 Lessons for Professional Prelimin 'J arias, and othqr Baaminations.—Apply TUTOR. 83 Coldharbour rd., Bristol.

OflßDß.—Affents wanted; 100 beautifui de.iana sure to sell ; orders by return.—Dept. X., GRETA. PUBLISHING CO., Ingieton, Yorks.

WELNTRfI, care of a child under ten. Harnpohlre farm Moderate terms. Medical relerencas.-4., Box 4643, narrow & Thatcher, Holborn Place. Londen,W.C. WANTH D. Pew Gentlemen to join Advertiser in working New Racine Svslem, world, rful results.—Pull particu- lars, address RtcHenng. 131, Rdward et., B.ighton

A DOPTION.—HOMB WANTED for healthy Baby Boy /A few weeks old ;no nremintn. nor ;payment ; references exchanged.—WatavrAw, Orphanage, Arnsidle, Carnforth.

DOPTION. Home wanted for healthy baby boy. a few months o'd. No Preminm or payment. References exchanged. Complete aurrender.—WHlSHiw, Orphanage, Arnside, Carnforth.

WANTOD. Agency. South Staffordshire Billets Blooms, Sections &c. Birmingham as centre. Tan years' experience.— Apply Box 4632, c/,) Snertaow, & THATCHFCR, 1-Trtlhorn W.P.

WORK FOR 2-1,000 FARM HANDS IN VIRaINIA. Alpo COOK/. Goo/ wages ; places guaranteed; no fAPs ; irrtienlars. Grand climate ; work all 7ear round.— OAPT iie TRo3fP•n‘ MOreCAMbM. 1411211,nd.

A CCIORNT awl BIOKNIC3 INtIIRANO3 combined /A with Inve,trnents. WanteA trustwarthy Representatives either sex. Thoronah tuition given by an expert.—Address P., 2,, Moxler r Orumosall. 4ganchew....

HRR, I —Do von want on apoointmort ? Sanitary InspPetor. Lady "Health Visitor, 211:1) to £351. Postal Plume Lens now commPncing for Liverpool exam. Fee 25m.-11dPswrtra. manitory woont, Sonde-Ind.

CRNADA.-WANTHD, fa once. FARM HA Di, far July. kJ Conlocterl P ty Work guaranteed. Special atlent;on &dry, j .urnev- no melded paseagei.—Annly MANITOBA AND WEIVTFRIV 0 NADA LANDfI.. 51, Strxnd

AGHNT, each district., to devote few hours 1,-7 weekly thking orders. Large profits easily made, outside ragular empioyment —Write for trade terms and particulars. MMAD Crcr..E'CoacPsmr, Agency Dept. 713 Y, Liverpool.

A GENTS WANTED for Multizine " the great House- hold Cleanser; liberal salary and commission ; good permartent. pr-ressive situatim exceptional opening ; send Is. for •arnoIe.—.4ITLTIZINE Co., 3/. r4stroo rd. pri•tol, A GENTS WANTED to sell our new 2d. blouse pin and P. Pendant, also Scripture Medals r samples and terms on ree•pt of 3d. Over 8 000 gross of our Scripture Medals sold atreadv. THE NoIITHERN PUBLISHING OFFICE, 42-44, Ann at.. Belfast.

CIANILDA.-2ro MEN WANTED for farm work at good wages in Ontario and Manitoba (experienced and inexperience% and for other emrloyment. Preference given to rhooe who can pay fare.—Fend etAmped envelope, BRITISH R.T.C. SOCIETY, Newington, LivArploi.

GRRSH AM PUBLISHING 00., require reprasenta tives to push sale of "The Horse" by Prof. Are. Applicants must state whether whole or spare time can be devoted. Liberal remunPration. Preference to those hiving good connections. 34, SOUTHAMPTON ST., Strand, London, W.O.

VIA CRP Pdl I KR MIXERS I KNACKBRS !fl Best pcssible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle Prompt re,oval on the shortest notice any distance up to 13 miles - da.mv.s TOOLS AND 90/414 LTD.. Manure Mann- facthrers, Longford Works. Warrington. Telegrams. Toole, Lonwford Works, TOenhone 299,

A faisisti S Rennired by the iMPtall 414 ACOlDlitir, ac., ti INAURANCR Co., Ltd., Betd. )878. Capital £100,00). Departments :—Personal Accidents ; Employer's Liability for Accidents to Domestic Servants. Clerks and Snop Assistants ; Carriage, Motor & Driving Accidents ; Burglary and Plate Mass : Horse and Cattle insurance. Claims paid 13251,^00. Linersl terms allowed.—Address, IMAtieuzn, 17, Pall Mall Bast. London. S.W.

teCZKNIA. Skin rash. Had Legs. guaranteed certain cure. U Send 2s. P. 0.-8. 1 kYLOR. 127, Featherstone ri., N., Oldham. BATLRY'S PAIR RASH rPlieves Rheumatism. Toothache, Post free 70.. ls lad., 2s. 9d.—BLYLEY, Chemists. Brighton

QLREPLICSBNR9S positively cured. Herace Hoiman's LY evotvrn. Stamp for particulars.-18, YEATHIIRSTONE BUILDINGS, Holborn. London

PR CIA L 1.0 LAIMIS. —For support for back use our 'Perfert' Shoplaar 3traps ; 3s. for sample pair.— MANAGraaps, SEI 14andrineh•.rn at., Hull.

\fly. BAR the now Bteeric Tads for Rheumatism, Gout, Sciatica; no i‘ convenience ; sure cure ; P.O. is. 7d.— ARly Ac Co , 15, Gravelly 14111, Birmingham.

TO haraesinsf COlifiS after using Dr. Jenner's Corn Phister. Painless but efficacious ; send 71d. stamp. KEALL. 68, West Hill, Wandswostb. London.

CSOAWA TABLRTH for indigestion. Constipation, Liver, &a. 60 7,1 . 103 9d. 500 3s. 6d., poet free.—Low, Manu- facturing Chemist, Southern Cross. Busses.

SQaVIil YOUR HARS.—Reliatile. safe cure for deafness, earacbe nolePs in the head, &c.; post free Is. id.—From SA.rvEßsc. Vielorli Building,. Southport.

fl) HEUVATISM, GOUT Sciatica. prevented and cured with the New Plectrie Pads ; no inconvenience ; sure enre ; P.O. 1,. 7d. pair.—AßDY & Co., 15. Cravelly Thrrningham.

CIOPNS I Coma ! Corns!— lxio ' corn insures a pain- V) less rure, speedy cure. a certain cure. Post free 80. of MRACHER. Chemist. 61 Stroud Green rd., London. N.

ESTAB. Ino.—Hulmet's " Best Female Pills " are sold In boxes ls. Id, 2s. 9d.; extra 4. 6d.; useful and Instructive bookb t pat free.—HuLatos.Chemists,Nottiingbarn

LIST AB. lE5'. —Hulme's 'Best Female Pill,' are sold in boxes, ls. lid , 2s 9d. ; extra 4s. 6d., rueful and nstruct've booklet p,.let, free. —Hur.isr Es,Clhemlst, Notting barn

R TiIUNIATB.O, Gout. Sciatic, prevented and cured with the new RLNCTRIC PADS; no inconvenience; sure cure. P.O. is. 7d. I:mfr.—Am:a' 8c Co., 15 Gravelly Hill, Birmingham.

QTBRILB M 'MAGIC Its Causes and Curative Treat- mEnt. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women. A new edition just published. Post free 3s. 9d.. Lonclon.—Fnur.T.PY k CO., tDD , 38. Graexcburoh et.

DON'T SUFFER ANY LONGER When Is. 6d forwarlKl to HOFINP;R, 197 liutland at., Grimsby, prosures finest recipe for Indlostion ; cured hundreds, making only costs 314. bottle. Genuine offer.

TiSRAM) Pt E.' -S.— A Certain Cure for GOUT, lICZ4‘I%, RHEUVIATI4M LUMBAGO SCIATICA, and all URIC ACID TROUBLF.S. HUNDWRDS OF TBSTIMONIALS. ONE SHILLING PER Box (POSTAGE in. EXTRA). HARALD & CO., 411, HOLLOWAY RD., LONDON, N.

ifitOttllantouo, neate, etc.

PEOTAL SAL).—Chrap Rubber Goods. List and sample three stamps.—HALL, South et., Wareham. DERRY'S Perfect Violin Strings ; rnagnifilent tone. Sample 1 string 4d —PERRY. Bishop's bfrrtford. Herts.

GOOD Sashes and Frames. bd. per foot Super. Carriage paid.—J. W. KITCHXN. Market Deeping, Lines. CI-111AP PRINTIN,4 I—Sample 100 Ruled Biltheads,Memos or Cards, is. 2d.—CHLNDLYR. Printer, Gillingham.

QPI.RiVDID Cloth Costume. Lengths in leading shades. 'Ts. 6d., carriage 'Fairmount,' Armley, Leeds.

TORSI' PRICE? PO?? OLD FURNITURE?, Antiques.Ploturea I) and Violins.—Addrees J. R., 2, lidloon rd., Patrioroft. (No dealers).

RICH wide silk Scarves. ?I y‘rds lonz. reduced from 51. 6d. to 3s. 11d.—BENNZTT NSWTOW, CPrltOn, Nottinuham.

C, LASS Postcards 50 for Is., alrrect Coat of Arms all different. FO grand assortment views, comics, etc. Is. GRKEN, Blackpool.

WEDDING OARDs.—(lharrning pattern printed in silver; 12. 36. 6d., 25, 69., free.—BlAntrrn. Heroidic Printer, Tiverton. Devon.

I RON HOOFS. Sheds and Buildings for all purposes designs and estimate free.—WARDLE & Co., Derby et. Cheatham Manchester.

ROCRUS Buying by post saves 20 per cent. Our List T 'bows in plain figures. Send for one. free.—ittrnouLD, WHITEHOUBF, LIMITXD. Dudley.

GIOR SALl3.—Best quality be sheets c,tton twill, 70 in. J. by 90 In. ; perfectly new; ss. 3d. pair, carriage paid.— Mrs. COPPIE, Knapphill, Surrey.

PLAiTIO STUCKING4 21. 64., Lezizinga 26. M., Knee- U.! cape 2a. each; measurevnent form free. —Nzve BRITIsH PUBBER Co., Lord at.. Southport.

SAIAD DFIRSea sb.— 1n excellent receipt, inexpenelve to make. will be forwarded on receipt of P.O. is, 2d.— HRNRY Moss, Wortham. Dies, Norfo'k

LILASTIO STOOKINUS. 21. 6d.; Knee-Oaps. 2s. Suspen- -I'l sary Bandages. is. each from Manufacturer—W. H. MADDOCK, Alfred st. South. Nottingham.

f.tlD. POST ranq A.NYWHHRH -Four Ladies' Hatpins UP2 newest, Parisian Heads, strong Steel Sbanke.—JoHN WILSON, 162, Northended rd., London, W.

DAZ (AR GOOD 3 (Special), Id. and 60. —Greatest) variety I) and value in the trade.—Slt.mov & klerraEwatari, Ltd Plough Baffling., Gloucester st., Birmingham. T) RFORd PA.MPHLBT.-27 mos. Red cloth cover 40. paver cover 30., including por ay.—Apply to Mr. HINRY WOOD. Bookseller, 7 Bladud fl.uP logs. Bath.

3000 RICH BILK UMBHECLAS, pcfst free, 2s. each. Fancy Handles, sticks or Tubes Trade supplied.—Artnnaws, London at., Greenwich. London

THAVISLLHEIS" Good bide Line.—Sample 4d. allowed on 1 first order, or refunded (less postage), if returned in 3 days.—WHITICIERAD. 98. Waleiniehs.m rd.. Seneombe,Cheshire

MIULL Size Military Rifle., l.'s. Rd., carriage paid. Splendid L weapons. Used on many rifle ranees. Ball Cartridges, 6d. per dozen.—R. B•RBE At Co., h 7, Long lane. London 8.0.

CIHHAP PRINTING.-2bo Billheads, 250 Memorandums, kJ 250 Business Cards. 250 Envelopes, 250 Post Cards,all for 10s. 6d. ; work guaranteed.—BßXEsT LEwlS,Printer,Norwith. B&D DEBTS RitDITORD by using the Justso Statement Register, price 6s. 6d., postage 64. extra; sample leaf post free, from Totair & HARVEY, 79s Gresham et., London.

CLOTH or Linen Signs for all trades ; any wording; 41t. 6 x Ift. 6.25. 3d. post paid ; large size, prices in propor- tion.--LiGHTNING ADVERT ERN G Co., 16, Stanley rd.. Dragon, N.

TNORHASHI YOUR INCOMR BY TRADING.—Wend for William Cotton's be. parcel of Jewellery. Hosiery, Lace, Haberdashery, Oyeralls.—W ICHICDAY CROSS. Nottingham. Rstwhilehed 1038.

ASTROLOGY.—Horoseope,Life Hvents,Ch‘nges.Fortunate Days. Business Success. Matrimony. Two years' future.—Send birth date, is. P. 0., Prof, GoULD, 2/, Windsor ri., Newport, Mon.

IMITED quantity ladies' habit cloth Dress dkirts. Black I 4 or navy, only 7s. Ild„ carriage paid. Worth donble. State length skirt, waist rneasure.—NOßTHEßN UNIVERSAL SUPPLY. 2 Leighton lane, Leeds.

QRAVBL I GRAVBL I GRAVBL I—epar GraveLoblppings, macadam for drives and walks. Rockery stone, Sm. Quotations to any station. --ROBERT W. Kti.tos, al, Coal Exchange. Chester Teleohone 73.

ir\UR LUCKY STAftS.'—Character, talents, health occupation, marriage, finance, future prospects, etc., delineated by astrology Send birth date,with Is. postal order Miss GERRARD, 25, George at., Manchester Square London.

100 BILLHBADS, Memos. Business or Visiting Cards. 13. 3d.. post free; 50 sheets of Notepaper with, your address printed on f aril sheet. and 50 envelopes for is. 3d., post free.—DALLts & Co.. 39, Park st., Cambridge.

(-1 MUIR& TBSTS.—No centre poles. 12 ft. x 6 ft. includ kl ing awning. ecalloped edges, bound red. 395. 6.1. Striped canvas 555. 6d. Waterproof. Willesden canvas 81s. Hammocks and Garden Furniture. Price lists and patterns ree.—DEPT. 8.. Grkenxia TT Co., Boston. England.

I\To ADVERTISING FRAUD.-500,003 Cigars to clear! .111 Real superior, fall-sized, beautifully rolled, well matured, fine selected Continental Brand ; Box of 100 post free on receipt of 7s. 6d. only (duty extra). Agents Wanted ; stamp for partioulare.—Licon & Co.. 63-54 Chancery lane, London.

5/ WATCHl4l3.—Speclal Offer. Genuine and reliable / Timekeepers ; will give every satisfaction. Enormous sale. Fine qnality lever movement.. Orystal-glass and handsome nickelled dustproof case. ss. P.O. will secure one. send at Once —GENERAL TRADING COMPANY. 6, Shru3bery Htreathmu. Lnndon.

DOTS FROM THE POTTRRIBS.-1. Our Guinea Summer Parcel." 36 Plates, 4 Meat Dishes, 2 Vegetable Dishes, 2 Gravy Boats Blue Printed Design. Ten Set, Chia, 21. pieces ; blue, red, or green and gold. Plower Pot. large Badger Ware for Churches. Restaurants.—THE TUNSTALL POTTERY Co., Tunstall. Staffs. CRINA GILT SECONDS Is. doz. Earthenware seconds from Bd. doz. Dinne-, Tea, Toilet Ware, great variety. Chapel. Church Caterers supplied. Badged ware hotels. Schools. 100 doz. seconds round articles £3., Safely packed Hawkers crates nearly 1,000 articles 38s. 64. Cheapest in trade. Write for tree lists.— ARTHUR J. Hum., Normacot Works, Longton, Step.

GRAND OLD MAN that was (Gladstone), one of England's noblest and greatest statesmen; a Bold Medallion of him in massive relief in Antique Bronze ; splendid for hall or corridor ; a pleasing and lasting memento for pale lheap.--1-fnwimr., Marple.

£lO •ro BE GIVEN AWAY TN PRIZES for coorect answers to SEVEN POSTCARD POETICAL PUZZLES most interesting intellectual novelty—Send at once for packet (post free for sixpenny P. 0.) to the COSMOPOLITAN PUBLISHING COMPANY, 94.a,High rd., Ilford. Essex.

GOT RATS? 1 F SO, USE SANFtiRIYza POISONS. It ends the trouble by destroying them. Rats, Mice. Moles, ,tc., like it, eat it, and perish Try the remedy, you will be delighted with the result. Price is. Bd. to ss, per box, of all Chemists, or SANFORD & sow, Sandy. Beds.

RllBl3Bll GOODS and every description of Surgtcal and Domestic Appliances at half usual prices ; valuable information and illustrated list free ; four splendid samples Is., or ten assorted 2e. 6d. (worth ss).—W. B. DOREAN & Co., Manufacturers, West Norwood, London.

SUPHDFLUOUS HAIR and MOLHS.—Perfected Blec- trolyeis (by Mr. Parke's invention) supersede, all other systems in rapidity for permanent destruction. The only method which never disappoints. By appointment only Stamped envelope to Mr. ROBERT J. PARKES. 2, Church it.. bouthpost.

138 SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive JL Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24.420 square yards of Freehold Land, with 'siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Addrees J HOMING, 16, Fenwick street, verponl.

fIIANNED GARDBN InTTlNG.—Protect your peas, seeds, 1 and buds from frost, blight, and ravages of birds. Nets oiled and dressed, 30 square yards, is. ; can be sent any width or length,—Harinir IloßiNsoN & Co., Garden Net Works, Rye, Sussex.

riltiN MOULT RHVINW should be taken in by all those Interested into the deeper mysteries of life and death. It is at once popular and scientific, and enjoys an influential connection amongst the highest social and literary circles. Annual subscription. le.—Semple copy and prospectus to. WILLIAM RIMIR & SON Lti.,lFl4 Alclerspate mt., Lon4on, `.

311 Lovely rare Paris Pictu.e POSTCARDS 2s. 6d. Art.— 1./ 10, RUE THERESE. Paris. - y IMERIOICS.—Last lines. Any competitions. 6 lines IA 2s. 6d. Smart. —l2, JtcrixoG Sr., Swindon.

500 BXCRLIANTLY printed Billheads. post free.2s. 6d —CoLE, 256 Summer Lane. Birmingham. ADY offers 6 heatifully frilled pillowslips for 41. 91 -LA approyal.—Maram SMYTHE 105 Crystal Palace rd. 100 IVORY VISITING CARDS (name address), Is.; agents wanteJ.—Jacicaaw, Stony Stra•ford.

r HAW TRlAL—Splemili book. astounding fact% now 1. ready. 70 --CliAsvFoaD, 27 Market, South Shields. WG ANT SO M BTHIN PRIN CH W—Priee list free. Cheap- est in London —Gowgße, 9 Arthur St.. Walworch.

If / 61. —3 r 6'ud P 6 HGIG° Is' ti Nib, Be ;to" al e Ink.ane h evsatleure. A Nts-LltliS BAIT.-8t packets. Also particulars Great tII Limerick Competition.—lNSTON, 22. Barry st.,Worcester.

WATE RBURY WAWA DEPOT.—Write for illustrated catalogue and revised prlces.-16. NEwGATE eT., London. DIAN°. quite new; splendid tone; maker's price 30 guineas. Will take 14 guin• as. —B9. BEwsEy ST., Warrington.

1000 BEST POST OABOS, printel heeding, 55.. 500 3s. 6d. Free. —SMITH. 155 Bastbank it., Southport.

BBORAX SALT for killing weele on gArden walks, 2i. per owt.—WkantanToN BORATE Co., LTD.. Stag Bridge. Warrington.

PR 'STIR G.-100 nheete of Notepaper with printed address , Is. 2d.—Lxviett ETT. 38 Queen Margaret's Grove, Mildrnay, N.

6t 111111 PERM:3T " Gentlemen's Navy Seamless Socks, I_ fashionable, durable, 4 pairs 2s. 6d.—AYiasick, Draper, Reading. i\TETS, tanncd. Gardens, Fruit Trees, 150 ft. x 45 ft. quality guaranteel ; 20s, cash with order.—Thwaß, St. Monan's. Fife.

100 PHR GEIST. ['HOPI C.—Furniture Oretrn or Iletal Pollan, W. A. X.— FURNITURE CREAN CO.. Neweast le-on-Tyne.

008TCARD COLLEICIDOHS. —Send me a P P.O. and I 1. will send cne in return —ARTHUR B. BOWERS, 287 A, Chester rd • Manchester.

251 )0 A IKAR.—" Pearson's Weekly" Competition. List best solutions. ls.—' EXPERT,' Bank Chambers, Teddington.

Tr ADY'S AND CHILDREN'S UNDIIRCLOMING parcel, _Li 2s. 7d.; send direct manufacturers.—Enwm, 108 E, Brookley Rise, London.

J)lAMONDS.—Diamonds for glass cutting will last a life time with care, 6s. 6d. and 7s. 6d.—Dttricsir, Westfield rd., Kings Heath. 'Birmingham. 1 AMES AND GHNTLIIMBN'S first Class CAST OFF I CLOTHING ON SALM. Bu,inees strictly private. Apply 26 MARSOV ST.. Warrington.

INVISIBLN INK.—Simplv marvellous 2 oz. 0 Pottle with full Instructions. post fres., 7 penny stamps. —HARLos. 146 Unthank rd., Norwich. COSTUMH CLOTHS and TWRIMS direct from mills. Wholesale prices. Our patterns save you money and ere free.—Dimsnßo MILLS Co., Bradford N.

25 58.—Good SHOOND-HAND PIANO; guaranteed, suitable for learner ; another at £lO IO.—J. H. WCOD, 47, London rd., Stockton Heath.

A PRONS.—Lawn ls. 11d.. Fast Black Is. 11d., Mercerised CIL black with bib. 2s. 6d. each post free.—NoRTHEEN UNIVETWAL SUPPLY, R. Leightnn lane. Leeds.

A SOLDIER'S CAREER, Staff-Sergt. Bishop. 3d.-- "A Adventures and Incidents; true stories 6d.—Of Taomas BISHOP, 94. Aluernon rd., Lewisham, London, S.B.

AttI7BLLOUS VALUIC—Vor a few days only, Gent's ill 18 et. rolled-gold Albert, curb pattern. ss. post free.— JEWELLERY SUPPLY COMPANY, 91, Hanley rd.. London. N.

SHWI NG MAOHINE, Tread!, Bargain. Worked by hand or treadle. Handsome cover, 5 years' warranty. New. Perfection. £4. Cash.—Duricerr.Westrield rd.,Kinga Hsath. FARMBRS an I Manure Manufacturers.—Shoddy Dirt 1 on Sale cheap ; price Bs. for waggon load of 4 tens; cosh with order.—Applv.LimEs LEEs,Willow rt. Mill,Oldham.

CYDER, QYMORS' DEVONSHIRE CYDER ; delicious and invigor- ating ; supplied in bottles or small casks.—Fßurr Totnes Devon., Lo ndon Office and Eitoreq, Ratcliffe, H.

DON"C miss my selection for Royal Hunt Cup ; Is. Bd. only ; or.casional wires Is (No need to tell my clients what they have won this season )-BCoTTEY, 66, Harwood rd ,S W.

I CH. CRHAM FREEZRRS.—The " Reliance " instructions and recip.s. 1 quart 6s. 9d., 2 Si., 4 us. 6d.. 6 14s. 9d, 8 I9s. Bd. Carriage paid —F. DuxceN, Westfisld rd, Kings Heath.

GHNUINH Offer to Clear,-500 Boot Polish! ng brush-c; hair sample for seven stamps, pair for is., three for Is. 3d. ; money returned if not satisfactory.--Ses ER. Queen at., Ipswich.

)ItePI(IDIAL JOB LA Buttrr Knivee, Sugar Tongs. Jam Spoons. Sugar Sifters, all le, each. Post tree. Worth double.—ALDloN SNELL AND SONS, A cton . London, W.

• 0 Genuine Painters and D.corator's Business, t) owner retiring. Lease, plant, fixtures, £5O. Stock at valuation about £2OO. Returns £2,CflO per year.— WATGOOD & LEVITri 11 Nigh at,, Slough. A NY. BRANCH of Civil Engineering and surveying pro- -1111- fessions taught by correspondence for examinations or otherwise, by thoroughly experienced and successful coach; moderate tarns.-395, SAFE DEPo9IT, Manchester.

A S PARCELS CARRlERS.—Enterprlsing, smart, and I: energetic men In provincial towns with own horse and van can work np profitable business.—Write BAILEY'S, Parcel Express, Wardrote Place, Carter lane, 14 C.

21" Plitt CISNT. SA.V4D.—Boots and Shoes in unlimited P./ variety for everybody, supplied direct from factory to wearer from 7s. 6. post free ; utmost satiefaation guaranteed; illustrated catalogue free.—. 3 BRITT. Slapton, Towcester.

GlVltri AWAY.-3 Cabinei copies with each 0! our famous Enlargements Send copy of any photo and postal order 6s. and receive handsome mounted enivgetnent. Extra copy 3s.—Pe Co., 16 Wensleydale Terrace, Gateshead.

Dll AFBRS Ind General Dealers, Childrens 2 Br Shoes, IL solid leather solos 108. 65. per dozen. Ankle straps, 8s 65. Carriage paid. (Black or tan). Send P.O. Crossed J. WAGST&FF, Shoe Manufacturer, )0 Alma Place. .Burman- torts. Leeds.

(ANTARIO, the principal Province of Canada, offers most V/ favourable opportunities to strong young Men and others desirons of engagiruz VI Farm Work. Female Domestics In great demand at high wages. For particulars apply ONTARIO GOVERNMENT AGENCY. 7, James st—Liveronol.

rilliNTS TBNTS I—Sultable for gardens, cricket, or JL camping-out purposes ; 40ft. in circumference ; pegs, poles, mallet, and lines complete (with tent big included). I will send one complete for 355. Pric.t list of marquees, any size, post free.—l-I. J. EfASPON. Government Contractor, dye.

tAT IRB NAILS (Mixed), Bs. 6d. per cwt, 281bs, 2s. 3d.; qcrews, mixed, ass. per cwt, ?81bs 7s. 6d.; Wire, Cut, Wrought, and Malleable Nails. TaJks, Rivets, et, etc., wholesale prices.—MIDLAND NAIL WO/tKii, 25 to 28, lcea st., Brimingham, C. W. HAYIAS, Proprietor.

PATIOIT Action Artificial Legs. lit like in appearance, light in weight, strong durable ; wearers are able to wa'k. sit, and ride with ease and comfort and with natural movements.—Particulars free from the makers.— ArrrHoNY 8c Co.. 48, Seymour place. Bryanston square. London W.

AGIINT FOR OHRAP WINDOW GLASS. 09000 Feet of Window Glass, small sizes cut and tJ supplied at lid. per foot. Window Glass of all substances, colours and patterns. Plate-glass and Shoo Mirrors, Shades and Stands. The best holm-I.—ADA:NIS, 212, Notth Hill st., Liverpool.

GALVANISM) CORRUGATRD Sllia.“4, all warranted sound; 31t., 91. ; 41t., is. ; sft., ss. 3d. ; 6ft. is. 6d, ; 71t., is. 9i. ; Bft., 2s. ; 9f1., 2s. sd, ; lOtt., 2s. 83. each : ridging', 3d. per foot; spouting. 31d. per foot. 133/031ID FBNCING WIRB, in icwt. reels, 224 yards, 7s. per reel ; plain, galvanised wire, in lcwt. bundles, varlons gauges, 12s. per cwt. ; wrought iron standards, Is. 33. each.—BUTLER, Bell Works. Wolverhampton. listablislied 1828. - WALL PAP9IS in large or small quantities at ridiculously low prices. Splendid papers from lid., all prices. 50 per cent. lower than anyone else. Book of this season's specials and price list glyt,n to the trade only. Carriage paid on all orders from £2.—THEI TIMES WALL PAPER Co.' Marriott's Court, spring 0-ardens. Manchester. Telephone 5683. Call and see our stock. A great variety to choose from including high-class papers.

i ItthETOWE, Kirkcudbrightshire. ELLANGO WAN k_l HOTEL. Excellent cnisine• Splendid roams. Post ing and Motor accommodation. Moderate berms.

DOUGLAS,—Dodsworth's Borrding Houso,on the Queen's Promenade, facing sea; liberal table, good cooking pleasant company; terms 6s 6d per day, no extras.—Po furthur particulars apply to WILLIAM W, DODEIWORTS, Proprietor. 1 LAND') OBMESCLIFTE BOARDING RST&B- -LA Promenade,Re3reation, Room for Dancing lite., Billiards. Moderate.

1 LANDUONO —BOARDING lISTABLISHMENT ; near 1.1 Pier; moderate terms.—Wmtams, The Lindens, Church Walks. MARGATE. CLIFIONVIL'A, " Westholme," 2, FORT CRRSCMIfT. Board residmee,l facing sea, midday dinners.—Mrs. W. 11DORCRUSH, Felect BOARDING ROUSE, Bellevue, 40 Eglinton Terrace, good sea view. Convenient to golf and station. Piano. Miss WRIGHT

4ZCARBOROUGH.—ST. CLARICo BOARDING HOUSR, Prinoe of Wales Terrace. near sea, Spa, and Golf Links; moderate tariff.—Mrs. Cox, Proprietress. T"QUAY.—BRA. LAWN, BOARDING BS fABLISH- MBNT and private suite., on the sea front ; spacious MOMS. smoking-room.—Proprietress, Mrs. H. B. JENNINGS.

'VISITORS to Dublin will find the NATIONAL HOTHL V BLACKHALL ST. (near qteen at. Bridge) comfortable and moderate.—Apply Mrs. WhLDON.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITHD. 34 TO 40 LUDGATS HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUASH. HOME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

SOUTHPORT. MRS. CLARA E. SLATER HAS OPENED No. 12, PROMENADE, SOUTHPORT, AS A COMFORTABLE BOARDING HOUSE, FOR INVALIDS AND VISITORS. CLOSE TO PIER AND PLACES OF INTEREST. Terms ss. 6d. per day.—Write to MAKAGEREB4 for tariff.

pEEBLES HOTEL HYDROPATHIC. UNDER MR A. M. TIMM'S PERSONAL MANAGEMENT. CONSTRUCTED FIREPROOF THROUGHOUT. EQUIPPED ON THE MOST MODERN LINES. EVERY HOME COMFORT. HIGH-CLASS CUISINE. PURE BRACING AIR; DELIGHTFUL GROUNDS; GOLF, TENNIS. CROQUET' AND BOWLING GREENS; MOTOR GARAGE; MAGNIFICENT RECREATION4HALL. Every form of Electricity, Massage, Baths, Diet, Gymnastics, Ac. ALSO SUN. AIR AND ELIIC TRIC LIGHT BATHS. Resident Medical Specialist.

SOUTH FORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEpr BY OLD WARRINGTON PE 0 PLE.) 38, Cli APRL-STRE RT. E3TIVATI33 GIVEN, CHOIR PARTIES, Pictiic3 TESTIMINI.I.LB yROY ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST lISTABLIgHED RESrAUKANT IN TOWN.

_ Capartments, furniAtti 300u5e5, &I

A BERGHLIII, N. WALBS.—Comfortable APARTMICNTS, /I. near sea and mountains. Terms moderate.—Mre: Iftus. 1, Mountain vi.sr.

A BRRYSTWITH.—BOARD or APARTMBRTS.—Mrs. La. HiNcirramarr, Tan-y-Graig, Trinity rd. A BERYSTWITH.—PURRISHRD ttOUSII for long or 21. short period. Excellent position. Moderate terms.— Apply Mrs. HUMPIDGE, 12, Laura Place.

A INSDALB near Bouthport.—COMFORTABLEI ACCO ll_ !lODATION. with or without board, on reasonable terms; garden, lawn ; well recommended. Cyclists catered for. on main road.-13imParm. Br mk HAUSA.

A PARTMENTS. with or without board. Terms moderate. —ll6re. JOHNEoIt, Woodland View, Ashford, near Bike. well, Derbyshire.

A PARTNERNITS (Comfortable), three bedroome,one sitting- room--Apply Mra. COCKBRoTT, Lowfleld Farm, Bolton Abbey. Yorkshire.

BLACKPOOL.—Homely APARTMENTS. Piano. 2s. per night two persons.—Mrs. CURTIS. 7, Edward st,, Talbot rd.

BLACKPOOL—Front Sitting and 2 Bedrooms, 218.; Back Sitting and Bedroom, 12s. 6d. inclusive.-23 PALA7INE RD.

BDLACKPOOL S.S.—Comfortable APART MNNTS (two persons 2 near station and soa.—Mrs. W. RomNsoN, 186, Lytham rd.

DLACK POOL, North,—Comfortable erivate APART- MRNTS, with good cooking; near sea.—The Misses SMITH, 42, o.rstalton rd

lI)LACKPOOL.—Sea view; comfortable APBALTMENTS—; bed 28. ; piano ; accommodation for cyclists.—Tdrs. JAmRsoN (from Eccles) 1?. Yorkshire fit., (close to Central Station).

BLAORPOOL. —93, ALBERT RoAD. Apartments, le. each BLACKPOOL.-93. ALI:MIT ROAD. Board 4s. day. BLscicPooL.-93, ALBRBT ROAD Book now.—PsLINIER.

BL ACK POOL—Public an.' Private A,PARTAIHNTS, or hoard ; 2s. Nbei 2 perdons ; flet.l view.—Mrs. BLML. 59 St. Chad's rd., Promenade.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTA RNT3 ls. per d,tv each person with attendance.-51r6. PARR, 23, Erdington rd.. Central Drive.

BL AOKPOOL.—PubIic and Private APARTMIIIirrS ; good accommodation ; central to all places ; Bea view ; pianos, —Mrs. FIRTH, 47, Adelaide et

BLACK POOL, Superior APART HNTS, 2s. per night, for two persona ; near Stations, Amusements, Sea. Board 43 —Misses CARTER, 114, Albert rd.

llQLACKPOoL.—Cornfortable holidF.y APAliTalltlirS, or 1) board-resiclenee ; also permanent private Apartments, with sick nurse for lady or gentleman needing oare.—Mra. LEE, 12, Crystal rd. , off Promenade. ULACK POOL —APARTMENTS with m without board. One minute from Central Station and sea. Terms moderate.—Miss BLEAKLEY. 13, Vance rd.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. DUCKWORTH, Central House, 12, Hull rd., opposite itxcartioa Ylatforrns ; teas onable charges ; homely, clean, well-furnished. Stamp.

BLAOKPOOL. —APARTM RNTS with or without board. Terms from 55., without bArd 2s. 61. Grand sea view. —J,S. Cox, Prospect House, 33 Central Promenade.

BLACK POOL.—Public and private APASTMIINTS with or without board. Terms moderate • Sea view. Highly re corn mended.—Miss LACY, Manchester House,s6 Tyldesley rd,

LACKPOOL.— Comfortable APARTMIPITS, with or JO without board ; reasonaNe charges ; two minutes from Central Station ; piano.—Mrs. WIDDUP, Healey House, It, Vance rd.

BLAOKPOOL.—Best and most reasonable APARTMENTS, with or without board; %ear all places of amusement and sea; piano ; stamp for reply.—Mrs. MosELEY, 93, Albert rd.

LAOKPOOL.—One minute from sea and Manchester Motel ; Is. day and night each person; good accommoda- tion for cyclists ; piano. -Mrs. STUBBS (from Weaver's Arms, Rawtenstall,) 27, Clarendon rd. IDLACKPOOL.--Near sea and Central Station, Public and Private Boarding Apartments ; bed, cooking, attendance (2 persons), 24. per day ; Boarders, Lis. 6d. each ; piano. Mrs. B.Y.uss, 65, Albert rd. BACKPOOL.—PubIic and Private APARTMENT 3 ; charming sea view ; moderate terms, with or without board ; every home comfort ; piano—Mrs. COOPER, Ashton; House, 24, Wellington Terrace, Prornimale.

TFLACXPOOL.—Visitors 2s. per bed two persons; A. BORDHRS 4s. 6d. per day; good accommodation for cyclists ; truly a home from home ; near sea and Central Station. —Mrs. BIRKMEt'S, Thornsett House, 11, llornby rd.

-DLACKPOOL.—CIean homely APARTMKNTS, eacla- I) person ; bed and attendance ; one minute from Central Pier.—Hour, 38, Foxball rd.

BLACKPOOL—Homely APARTSII ds INTS. good be and cooking, terms 2s.qor two persons per) night ; board 4s. each if preferred. Piano. Central,—Misses HORRIDGE, 13, Reads rd., off Central Drive.

I.)LACKPOOL.—APALITMRNTS, two minutes from Central I/ Station and sea; piano; good accommodation for bicycles ; official caterer to tba Manchester Union of National Olsrloo Cycling Clubs.—Mrs. WIIITEHICAD, Ruskin House, 59, Albert rd.

IARNARVON, NORT WALTIS —Menai View, 17, kJ Market et. Comfortable AvtiRTMRlc7Ti. Cyclists accommodated. Moderate terms.—Mrs. PUGRE JONES.

(.IASTLETOWN I.O.M.—FURNISHED HOUSE to Let. k..) four bedrooms, two sitting-rooms, bath &e. ; sties% neighbourhood; near shore,—CALLow. Oroftville.

CLSVBLHYS.—For Pure Fresh Air. visit eleveleve and country combined. For home comforts, stay at Sherbrooke House, Victoria rd. Mn. R. FTACTORER.

CLYNNO (Carnarvon Bay) —Good PtiRTARN'tS : July G A. September ; 1 sitting, 3 bed rooms—PRITCHARD. Camfa'r Bwth.

rIOLWYN BAY.—Comfortable APARTVER VT3 ; 3 minutes I.J sea and station.-13ArrERaBir, Broomhill. 29, Green- field rd.

riOLWYN BAY.—Pleasant Homely APART VI HNTS ; with or without board.—Apply Cheltenham House, MA,: rd.

CIOLWYN BAY. -Furnished ROUSH ; five belroorns, all co-veniences ; war sea and woods; cheap.—Apply PICK IMMO. Saddleries.

0031NORTABLR APAR-1%11107U; healthy distri't ; Buil; V) lady or bosinesi gentleman ; moderate.— Mrs. LA.wTox , Chelfo,a, Cheshire.

rIONWAY. —Pleasant APARTMENTS near sea and golf links, Mountain view, 10 minutes from station. Terms moderate.—GLAN DWR.

COUNTRY APARTMENTsI, near Blackpool. bedroom and sitting-room. —Mrs. SCHOFIELD, WillOWbarik Farm, Marton, South Shore,

DERBYSHIRE.—APARTMENTS midway between Mat- lock sad Dovedale. Fine Mr.—Misses FAR, Brassington. ' SEASIDE TN FRANCE (Bitur&NY). DISTINGUISRD French Paris Protestant family would receive 5 Boarders (July-9eotember) Excellent table. Highest reference.—Darmir, 9?. Bis Boulevard Perelro,Paris.

• DOUGLAS.—Mrs. Qusytie, Liverpool House, Peel rd.— Bed and breakfast 2s. 6.1., full board 4s. 6d., beds with- out, board 2.4. DOUGLAS.—The Annandale, 1, Church rd., Promenade, 1 minute from shore; special reduced terms to end of June.—Miss BASTHAM. Proprietress. 1 ICUGLAS, ISLE OF MAN.—Mrs. R. ANDREW, Devon- -17 House. Walpole Avenue, Promenade, close to Grand Hotel and Victoria Pier.

DOUGLAS, MONA CREST, Palace rd.,—Overlooking Palace grounds ; splendid sea view; Cocatortable APARTMENTS, with or without board; beds 2e.; private sitting-room —Vre. WATP.RS.

DURLIN.-6. Bccles st. Goad accommodation for VISITORS. with or without board; cleanliness ; god cooking ; mocierate.—Mrs. Novo.

DYSMITH.—Lady. alone. has sitting-room, two bed- rooms (4 beds). Gardem back and front. Lovely view, set a^d rnountain.—DZlrs. DAVIES, Ferndale Dysertb, North Wales.

UURNISHIM 9-roomed House, seven minutes sea ; 12 moderate terms ; pleasantly situated.—GOLDFINCH. ts Wavertree." Whitstable.

UAHMHOUSH APAR CM HiTEd.—Sitting-room, ono or two bedrooms ; with or without hoard; close to hills. church and telegraph office; terms moderate; piano.—Miss OHEBTEH, Carding' on. near Church Stretton•

VURNISHED Country riOUS111; delightfully situated; I: 6 rooms ; closet° famous falls, nett the shore.—Mrs. KELLY. Glen ltushsn rd.. Glen Mave,l.O.M.

fiI_OWAN BANK, Llanfairfecban, North Wales.—Furnished House TO LET; two sitting, three bedrooms, (four beds), kitchen, scullery, pantry, w.c.—WlLLikao.

HIL MILLOM, CUMBRIMAND.—Sitting-room, two Bed-rooms, comfortable, near Black Combe and Duddon Valley.—Mrs. HoLssits. Mansion Cottage.

HOOLB, near Southport.— APAR u MEIN ri, with or wi th , out board : bracing country and sea air; fishing.— MELLOR. Poultry Farmer, Park Cottage. Hoole.

1 BHLAND.—loishing in Ireland; good lough and canal 1 fishing ; splendid country; board 84c., 15s per week.— H. bk.uncitT, Cyclists' Bar, Poyntz Pass, Co. Armagh, Irrland. Tr-NUTSFOHD.—Superior Furniabed A.PARTAIIiNTi ; ten 1.1 minutes from tra,n; open situation.—Slissee .1114mEtscr. Amp FERNETr, The Gorse, Garden rd.

AKB DlSTlLlClT.—Braithwaite. Keswick.—FURNISHED 1..1 HOBS% or Apartments; facing Sklddaw : splendid scenery; near station.—Apply F. WntrE, Spring Bank, Braithwaite, Keswick.

LANDUDNO.—For Famished HOUSINS. state require- ments and enclose stamp to J. H. JoNicS, Accountant, Linvd .t.

lANDUDNO.—Pleasant APARTWINTS, lovely view, 1J facing South; one minute from sea and promenade.— SouTHErinowit, Moetyn Avenue.

LANDLIDNO. APARTMHNTS near pier, promenade, JL_J Happy Valley; organ, piano, bath, &e.—THosta4, Bryn, leg Hill Terrace Llandudno.

LLANDUDNO.—South aspect, near to promenade ; well- aired beds; bath.—Ylieses IiTRATTON, Fron Dltion, Rosehery Avenue, Craig-y-don. Llandudno.

L rdiNDUDNO.—Coinfortable APARIICHNTS, public and private ; good cooking; near sea and convenient for II amusements..tc. —Mrs. STOCKTON. rhe Mollies, Clifton rd.

r LANFAIIIFECHAN.—ComfortabIe APAILTPaIiNTS ; 20 ILI minutes walk from sea and station ; near mountains ; terms moderate —EDINA, Valley re.

OCHAVITH,ARGYLE4HIRIII. For oeptember. 001TAGIC kJ containing two sitting. five b.d rooms, bathroom kitchen, P culle ry , wash-house ; boat, free fishing.—Dow.

I ONDON.—Superior APARTMIiNTS for visitors by day .1 or week ; moderate terms ; board optional ; quiet, central.--Write requirements 61ANAGERs, 41, Bernard Bt.. Russell square.

LYISIM.—Iarge new Tea Room. Picnic parties catered for. Accommodation for Cycles.—Mrs. RixdoTr, Cantet bury Cottage, Lymm. (Three minutes from the Cross).

IYTH U. —Comfortable COT.CAGE APARTNIHNTS. J Sittingroom, Doable-bedded room, Bath, Central.—Mra. D. MYERSCO, North Clifton at.

AES MAWR FARM, Trefriw, North WaIPs.—APART Itl MENTS ; mountain view; good fishing.—Ars. WILLIAMS

MOltisCAMßE.—Cornfortab!e APAttni KWH. ziose to sea and West Pier ; terms moderate.-01rs. WILSON, 17 Parliament et.

J Near ApeaßPier. .I),e—rmA Ps A 217. ApEerNbreta',. public—Mrs orßopurißvicamte 10, Parliament et.

"VrOlißCAMßU.—Comfortable APARTMSNT-i, near sea IU. and pier. DWI. Piano —Misses LANGSTRETH, 63, Albert rd.. W. 13.

MB ORRCAMK—Cornfortable APARTSPINTS near pier; gnod cycle aceornmodation.—Mrs. TORKINGTJN; 104, Chatsworth rd., W.

MOllllOAMl3B.—Mrs. STE:vEysoN, The Herbal Hydro 21, Huston rd.. Public and private APARTAISINPS, near and pier. gyms moderate. ATORROAIiIBIL—Mrs. liewoßrH, Mona House, 6, Sea 1 View Parade. W.I. eublic, private APAP.TMSNIS ; cycle accommodation.

ORROAMBH.—For Coinfort6lde Mi.:1111M ENTS at 11111 reasonable terms apply Mrs. RoNsoN 22 Kensington rd.; 2 minutes from L. and N.-W. Itailwa.y and 5 from shore.

II ORIWAMBH —WKLL-FURNISH rip VILLA; month IV.I. or Icnrr ; 2 entertaining, 4 bed rooms, bath ; coach- house, stabllmg ; electric light.—Mss. SCOTT. Greta Bank, Morecambe. W

MOKROAMI3I4,W.III.—PubIic and Private APAILTMENTS; board optional; near pier and Alhambra ; every home comfort; well-aired beds fall the year round ; bath, piano, electric light.—The MILIBES SUTCLIYFE, Rothery House, 45, Regent rd.

NA R. PILLING, Healey House. 47. Livingstone rd.LYL , off Hornby rd.. Blackpool. Near Station, Trains, and Sea.

OBFOLK BRO&DS.—Pleasure Wherry to let Large II Saloon Piano. Three sleeping elbins.—lincsnis, Oulton Browl.

VORTH NORFOLK. SBA. COAST.—Yaciney for Farming II Pupil or Paying Guest. on 1,000 acre farm ; golf, boat- ing, fishing, el-looting. —G. Hunsow. Blakeney, Norfolk.

OLD COLWYN,—APARTAIRNTS ; sea view; near gait links.—Mtes HARPER, " Chalfont," Hailers rd. DISNZ &Noll.—ldeal 11,11 day centre; excellent board residence ; sea front; from 2111.—" EREVAYLOR," Regent Terrace.

DORT S. MARY, I.O.I.—APARTMENTS; splendid pcsition, overloking by; golt, boAting, eze. ; moderate term s.—Mrs. CoLLIHTER, Creswiek.

WLLHBLl.—Cornfortable APARTMILMTS, facing sea 1. good cooking; golf and tennis close by.—Mrs. REE 9 Jolsirs. Bryn Birvr.

I) HOS NRIGRANGLIIidItIf.--Comfortable APART ARM'S. iI good euokine. River, lake, sea (5 minutes). Golf, boating, bathing. fishing.-111Irs. HoLYER, Pantiles, I) HYL.—Superior A PARTNIHNTS, near sea; large rooms; L bath.—Mrs. HOLT, Penrhos, 37, River et.

gpartinento, furttiobett 340u5t55 ttr

QCA.BBOROUGH.—Oomfortable LPARTMBNr. Board 1,7 if desired. Good sea viaw. Bight minutes from centre of town.-68, 111.3.1viwat AVENUE. QOO CLAND.—Ardvullin, Oban. —One bittingro ma and two .3 bedrooms with attencbnce. With or without board. July, August, and September. Moderate term. Near golf links.—Mrs. OLIVER.

OUTHPO RT. APR IMB NT6. near Mural nations ; bath. 1,..1 piano ; terms moderate.—Mrs. LockaTr, 68, Boathook it. QOUTHPORT. —Comfortab'e APAHTURNTS, war station; CI good cooking; terms moderate.— Mrs. Coosa, 17 Tulketh it.

QOUTHPORT.—Furnistrid HOUSE: August: 3 sittfUg, 6 bed rooms : garden; moderate rent.-36. ALEX/ANDRA RD.. Southport.

S 0 UT H OP SCOTL&ND.--APART URN CS, Summer months, attendance optional. Lovely situation. Near Luoe Bay. —H ENRY, Navarre, Glenview, utlenluel igtownshire.

QT. ANNES.—Comfortable APARTMENTS; term k.-7 moderate; near station and sea.—Mrs. SINGLETON, 40 St. Alnan's rd.

QT. ANNRS-ON-SHA.—C.mfortable APARTMONTS. ne4r etatlon ; bath and pianu.—Mea, RAWSTRON. Lyndene, Sprinvfielit rd.

QT. ANNHS-ON-SEA.—Superior AYARTMIOTTS ; central ' position ; 3 minutes, pier and station. —DEAN, " Grasmere," 6, All Saints rd.

QtllllSfitil HOLM/AlM—Bedroom and board with family; 13 Lovely hill•sicie in Cheshire. 17s 6d each weekly.— Address K., Examiner Office." Warringt3n.

rptIOANTON. near Cleveleys.—Proot SITTING-1100W, 1 lor 2 double-bedded rooms; pleasant situatloo.—&lrB. ROXBURGH. Holmes rd.

rrOßQUAY.—Comfortable Furnished APARTMENTS. I Large Sitting Room and Bedroom. (central). Tram Twig the door.—Mrs Ricirvssus. lfifi. [Minn st Tnrq IRV VALE OF CLWYD.—gittlng• three bedrooms; piano; fishing; good cooking.—Jos. Clwyd Dale, ahis', Ruthin, Ryarth Station.

NTILLAGRRS OR COTTAnERR ; any conntv*-11 qui-t V home for domesticated. affable man ; 8. we.kly Income. Ag. 65; no trouble or risk. --kddress J.M., 173. Upper Renoington Lane. London

WIRNLAND,—.ieRside APARTMBN'TS for summer months, with or without bird. Use of piano if desired. Terms moderate —Mrs. IuwINE, 3 Windsor Terrstee

WI N 511 tit H.—Comfortable APA "aT id NTS near station, furnish.o or unfurnished; with or without attendance: cycle sworn modation.—Mrs. °ALM MORK Main rd.

WINSFORD (Cheshire) —0 nnfortable APARTMBNTi. with or without Board: terms moderate; boating and fishing riv.r Weaver; beautiful district ; near brine baths.— Jr-ow. Dor.lr Rouse.

Ifatrtmonp

4 d 1,, ATRIMONIAL TUNERS." the nest and quickest intro ductory medium for all desiring a matrlmonia alliance; price 6d. in sealed envelope —Address RDIToR Robert Radfo-d. 5. Featberstone Bnildinv Holborn. W.

11ILRRY.—Rxtra. strong plants, ready trenches. 100 P.u., k.../ 2s. Free —llLoonworvra, Crornwesl rd., Peterboro'. Tl-IR PRIITTIRST PL kNT on Barth, the fimincan Fuchsia; always in full bloom, in flower ten months out of twelve: quite hardy ; two 11. 64., four 21. 64.,-post free.— T. H. MADDEN. Ballymurry, Roscommon. Ireland.

Spring Sown PLANTS. Fidler& Relips. 500,000 and Pe.srsons Conqueror CablaAge, 2s. 6d 1000; Dalkeith, Bunting Perfeation. Covent Garden Brussels, 2s. 6d.; Savoys 2s. 6d. Curled Kale. Red Cabbage. Sprouting Broccoli, all 2s. 6d. V. A G Cauliflower, ats. 1000; Leamington. Wilcovele Late. Standsvell. Adam's Rarly Broccoli, 31. 6d. 1000; Drumhead Cabbage. 2a. 6d. Illustrated lit now ready —W. Noe NE & Sorra, Cliffe. Rochester. Kent.

MANURES MANURES. JAMES TOOLE & SONS, LTD*. MANURE MANUFACTURERS, LONGFORD WORKS. WARRINGTON. Telegrams—Toonr, LONGFORD WORKS WARRINGTON. Telephone. No. 299. BLOOD AND BONE MANURE Is the most valuable known, and one of the best Fertilizers on the market. SPECIAL CONCENTRATED ORGANIC MANUELE. Analysis—AMMoNlA 4 to 5 per cent. PROEPRATES 18 to 20 per cent. Price £5 per ton (Free on Rails Warrington). SPECIAL COMPOUND MANURE. Analysis—A MNIoNIA. Bto 3 per cent. PRoSPH &TES 5 to 8 per cent. Price £3 per ton (Free on Rails Warrington special Discount, for Cash andtarge Quantiles.

6D. MONTHLY Repays £5 loan ; interest 10 per cent. ; share profits ; prosoectus 2 stamps.— Co-cPERATIVE BANKING SOCIETY, 61, Lord st., Liverpool.

ADVRRTISHR wishes to meet gentleman with about £3CO for investment ;he has exceptional facilities ; invest- ment safe ; rnfArennos —Particulars P.King it , Chel.en

T"H Golden Key" treats of,the sPientific acquisition of money. livery copy, price is. P.O. entitles purchaser to share profits of new investment Scheme.—Joits'sos. 27 Entity'lle /A., Southend, Bedford.

A IZR.RARS OF INTHREST —lf you are a holder of TA DEBENTURES in a Limited Liability Company. upon which interest is oyerdu., you should consult the CONTRACT AND FINANCE CO., 35 Craven et., London. W.C. 1( PER CENT. INTEREST, oh/ 'linable on sums of £lOO / and upwards Send stamp,- ci addressed envelope for particulars to " Fuel" c/o B. WHITWORTH BIRD'S ADVER- TISEMENT OFFICES, 6, Creed 1 ne, London. Banker's refer- flee given.

/0,. How to Make a Fortune with small capital. £2O U bring you in Li a day profit; £lO, 109. Any other sums according. This is genuine and legal. No bard work, canvassing or selling. Full information. P.O. 2s. 6d.— Write F. 11. Chic/364er Plme, Paddinizion,

LI HARD'S WANTED.—Advertiser is prepared to buy a few kJ SIIARRS in some Company carrying on business within 40 miles of Warrington. State lowest for prompt cash. Reply sent to all letters. Write " INVEWOR " co Hr. C. W Builder, 83 Celli ri, Upton Manor, RAsex.

A DVERTISER will introduce invo.tment and sp-culat ye /14 business to English firm of in.ide brokers, London Stook Exchange. Considerable risk Is attached to d.alings with the majority of outside institutions —Writ. A. H Box, 4220, c/o SHARROW & TH ATCHER, Holborn Place, London PTO C4PITALIST4.—SLREPING PARTNERQ, with £20(00, in sums of not less thAn £4,001 WANT 4D, f )r a large and old-established Silk Indussy (silk-weaver's trade) in full swing, situated in Rhenish Prussia; up-to-date machinery and hest connections ; good Interest, guAranteed; excellent prospects ; best referencee.—For full ,rtieulars apply by letter to A. HOWARD & Co.. Financial Brokers, 35, Deronda rd., Herm,. Hilt London. S.B.

rjlu CATITALISTS.—SLHM'ING PA.lll'Nfitt, with £6,C00. I or Partners with sums of vnoi WANTBD. for a well- known PIANO MANUFACTO4Y in Leipsi?. (Saxony), established over 70 years ; splendid testimonials ; good m,nufscturing profits prove-4 ; genuine investment best references.—For full particulars apply by letter to A. HOWARD & Co.. Financial Brokers, 35, Deronda rd., Herne Hill, London, S.R.

KENDAL, MILNE & CO., MANCHESTER. TELEGRAMS, " KENSIIL." TatEPHONII. 1775. SUMMER SALE OF DRAPERY STOCK, AIONDAY NEXT, JULY Is, 1907, TO SATURDAY, JULY 13TH. NO CATALO9UFS ISSUED. -- DURING TUE SALE GOODS NOT SENT ONT APPROBATION. -- WARM AND CA.IIHRIE'VUEL P ITIVTI ON. KENDA_L; MILNE & CO. MANCHESTER.

T KNOW from experience that over 70 per cent. of Rye Diseases are mused by errors in refraction. This large per centage could be entire eliminated if the co:rect lenses were adroted in time. JOHNSTON W ATSON, EYESIGHT SPECIALIST. 84, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON. Low prices and lOW ictiin guarantee'''. JWIRSTON WATSON is an RYBSIGHT /t SPWITACGIC SPII4IIkLI,T.

GA RNETT'S "NEW DEPARTMENT" to suit all classes. Call and look through the new premises adjoining the old show- rooms SANKEY STREET. G-ARNETT' S

THE EXAMINER. JUNE 23th 1907

For Infancy, Illness, and Advancing Age.- A vigorous, healthy infancy is the forerunner of adult well-being. Infants thrive on Benger's Food; delicate and aged persons also enjoy it. From infancy to ex- treme old age, in severe illnesses or during convalescence and recovery, Benger's Food assists Nature and sustains the system. Oenger's Food is sold by Chemists, etc., everywhere.

• .::!.!N „?ik.:1:4.:!..,:l.:`:::::•?••VS ....::.`'....*;744•1-i:1 .... '). :' .. • .:..:. T i•'5.......'!•:•5:•• :..... ' ... ..• . V . • S•jj•ft: ) • •.. . • '. .•'•:;.'"•••::,:?:".•••1/.1k4:.;iF•Fi§:FI:4.P/:;*:.••I': .. • ...•::. ... • : ‘,.: ........ ~ ..... 5..?.4,. 1•Ti.1,12:1: . )10 ...: 'lr.: :i.i •'• ::4...i.g• .1 . ••: . • .... .. ....:! . •••••• 11;'.• : .••• l : : ..7,' {' . • ••••:j.X.•••I .. .;::: '.•.: ••••••'.,.. i ~.f.: f.. ,:,:::,. -::..-....::.;.*:-:.:.. ..":::: .....,:y.:. ~ —..-:",:-...:::4,:.:::::::,.:;:,:..,,,..:....:ygi:;ii:::::::'::25i N „..A, ...... ....,...:i......,... .............:...:. :::„.....:..:ig .... N 0 ~.„,„:.,,..„:„.....„:„„„,,.....•"•::•,...:.%,,„„,f,„„:„„,.„ • ..: . • ...:.1-:ii'.... •' ' . :-.*,••••5.',.,::: ,•... -. :::i.:!::.:::'..*•:::!' _..... -••.,;•.1.1§ ••.::::,'...• , ''M.:*:::g::::•iii* ~ .I,' li,:::.::;:.:.:..:':*.f..:::.:::' ' ..•••.::'" **: -•' . . •••••:ii• :i..• ,' ...•*:':':''':::' - - - • .. 4, ...:,:„..T.. ~.!:5.,. -.. ** ,4, '''. .. .-• * ; ..\ • i -) i .-:,.. UNCLE ;'" - - ~.- : .-.,... „..7..:... ' d -,...:....-..ir....; N D. ..,... ' •‘! T • • j - ..... . •.:-..i.:..;.:•,...:i .:,..4.ii.i11i.:. ..• • ••• .4••• •• .g. _1 ' , "i',* • PIEACITEQ ND PATCHES.

, ...*. . : . 9tetnied7 A • *4 ' . .. ' '.'• "An excellent Food, admirably adapted '; • to the wants of infants and young persons." : '.; —SIR CHARLES A. CAMERON. C. 8.. M.D., :•,- ' r Professor of Chemistry, R.C.5.1., Medical • ' Officer of Health for Dublin, . . . . ~ , PURVEYORS BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT ..,.-.. . TO 11. LM. THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA. - • . ~ !;:„... ,

Dr. BAKER'S BACKACKE PELLETS Are a new remedy, which have a marvellous effect in curing Backache, Lumbago, Gout, Rheu- matism, Sciatica, and all diseases of the Kidneys, &c. If you suffer, take one pellet three times a day, and watch the re:ults. After a few doses you will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain of Bac.kache A Suffeier says I obtained quick relief from a terrible backache after taking a few doses of Dr. Baker's Backache Pellets. Write at once enclosing 12 stamps for one box or 33 stamps for 3 boxes to P rice DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE Co., 1/1 • 0, NELSON SQUARE, SOUTHWARK, LONDON, S.E.

, • • 11°4' "r. • • iSth Fla! ' :jkiidard. 1.)1112/67

fe:, .1/, . • 4. ,!, r) 0000 ... ~.„ ~........:, -•-,.... ,f . t, ~ , ..., ~ , ITS ?.,..„,.,,,,......„. .„,- MaSON - , -,..... , _ • ..,.• , ~.....,,, l, • la. • - ',A, .. 1.4......,,,,,, ......, ....,..-c,... ' AO ,1 1 Wr' —'—' is. 1 !. .?*—..\l.4°X •. , USW .., .--7-•—•'— ------ . --....,,,,,-7.--,4.•-,,,.-.--..-.•-- .......•16.-, -...---V. .

-Hew 11-9 F—D 8 BOTANIC TANIC BEER • IN YOUR HOME. Mason's Extract of Herbs . 0 5 Sugar . • 0 9} Yeast or Barm • 0 0 11: TriliirC 2d. PER GALLON. ---75-6—" r

SKIPPER SARDINES are silvery, scaleless " fishlets," practically boneless—undoubtedly the Sardine aristocracy. Try a dainty little package of twenty. Sixpence and your grocer's name and address will bring you a package post• ' free, if he has not got them. wrae—ANOUS WATSON & CO., Newcastle-on-Tyne. _ Canners: Chr. Bjelland ett Co., Stavanger, Norway.

MANUFACTURERS. THREE GOLD MEDALS. BRANCHES EVERYWHERE. THE A QUARTER OF A CENTURY'S REPUTATION. \% " BEN EF IT BOOTS BY THE MILLION. "STANDWELL" , \.. \ A , MILLIONS BUY BENEFIT BOOTS." 8/11 116 &118, Bridget St., Warrington. 47, Victoria Rd., Widnes. s ARO 45, Widnes Rd., Simms Cross, Widnes. Gent.' Black or Brown Bridge St. & Market St., Earlestown. 6, High Street, Runcorn. Box, Laced, Derby or Button. No. 2631.

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. , , EADE'S PILLS. "RELIEF SOON CAME ! " " l4, Howarth-street, North Tiafford, Manchester, OBTAINED GREAT RELIEF." Novembr 15th, 1906. 63, Sherwood-street, Oxford-road, Dear Sir,—For about sixteen years, I had been a Reading, October Ist, 1906. constant fferer from severe attacks of rheumatism, Dear Sir,—l am writidg these lines to you to testify oftenbeing confined to bed for ten weeks at a time to the value of your Gout Pills. My father, who is and could get nothing to bring relief. I was, however now dead, was a great sufferer from Gout, in fact one induced to try your Pills, and of the worst sufferers in Reading, where we are well THE RELIEF I SOUGHT SOON CAME. known. My eldest brother is also a chronic sufferer, Slime, then, on the slightest sign of the ,approach of and I myself suffer from the same complaint. Ay my old Rains I fly to your remedy, and by so doing father and brother succeed in warding them off. I have the utmost faith OBTAINED GREAT RELIEF in the efficacy of your Pills, and nothing would induce from taking your Pills, so it is natural that I should me to be without a bottle of them in the house; in use them, and thia I have done for the last five years, fact, my wife says to her friends that if the Pills were a and have always found them to almost relieve me at guinea a bottle she would rather go short in other once. lam still using them. Trusting you will not things than be without them a single week, take cffence at this poor letter, I remain, yours truly, Yours gratefully, . J. HOPSON (a working man). JAMES BARLOW. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all. Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. I juriDus matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. ltd. and 2s. 9d. or !tent Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the pro rietor, f post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London. t GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT Sc RHEUMATIC PILLS. , _____ ITo prevcrt Sick-Headache on land or sea—to correct sensations of giddiness—to remove the . biliousness caused by change of diet—change bf air—chane of environment—you must take BEECHAM'S PILLS. You will then lose • all your "liverishness," have no more pain after eating, and your sick 4 headache and giddiness will vanish. It is impossible , TO Zrigy *DM' Holiday . if you are out of sorts. A box bf BEECHAM'S PILLS will take up very little room in your gavelling bag, and you never know when they . will come in handy and most probably save you much suffering and expense. If you find that the change of livina does not agree with ~ you, or your appetite is not what it should be, you can at once put yourself right if you TAKE . \ BHlAmils .il Mt

f,1310 SALARIES are waiting for you. We I I train you by post. direct to your home, to become an Electrical or Mechanical Engineer, or for Electric , Light and Power, Tramway and Moor Oar NVork, Book Free. tend for copy now to Elect. Engineer Institute, 413, Norwicl4 House, Southampton Street, Holborn. Lon,ion

_ ~._ 4 gl 6/ irnavt. GIVEN AWAY FREE! ,;./fmk. zoo-Page Illustrated List of 6 500 Cycles, \ - NI, new and second-hand, from 25,- each- Eadie's and B.S.A. in stock. 150 Motor Cars, great bargains. Send I CYCLES for List and see marvellous offer I S Largest dealers In the world. Agents ....,..N.,,N""els Wanted- SO por cent. cheaper than others. 'very accessory la St( cit. Don't miss sending P.C. for List. FREE TO ALL. WA RRILOW k CO., Wanton-super-Mare, Ens.

BOTANIC To make 8 Gallons Prime Beer in your Home BEER d. Mason's Extract of Gerbil • • 5 Sugar - - - - o o 91 Yeast or Barns . - • o Send to-day rd. stamp to cover postage, a HIM o 4 ON BREWING," which 0 0 2 contains much valuable t. 20. PEA GALLON. information. Newhall A Mason. Nottingham.

THE WANT OF THE DAY. CRITCHLEYS STARCH GLOSS No lore SOFT LINEN when Starched. .F Used in the Royal Laundries. . tif Should be used in every house. ONCE TRIED, ALWAYS TRIED. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW. , he greatest boon ever offeren to the Laundress for imparting an Ivory Finish to btarched Linen, Litces. etc. It does not stick to spider-web like materials. sold by Grocers, Cliberni.ts. Stores, etc in packets at Id., ;A., and 6d. each. PREPARED BY T. CRITCHLEY, CHICMNT, 111,M;KBURN.

Ont'SBLOODMIXTURE

Gouuardrsi Plate -1- ' Powder. ricaningSilverEieetro Plate& old everywhere II; 2/6 & 4/6.,

Minn* -4.11...11111111.1.111111. LADIES' LATEST HAIR CeftiftS ••• Set of 3, Poet Free, 16. Lovely Decoration: Mention paper. MANAGER, BRIARRANK. THETFORD. EVERY LADY: • likes a nice bracelet. and every lady likes a bargain. . „ 21 We offer. for SS. 6d. post free, a very handsome IS carat I: Rol ea Gold Curb Bracelet, w:th padlock, and safety : chain complete (warranted to years). Satiafaction - 4 guaranteed or money retinied. t WROLESALE AGENCY COMPANY, North-Western Baildings, LIVERPOOL.

THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER is warranted to Cleanse the Bluod from all impurities from whatever cause arising. In cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, ABSCESSES, BLOOD POVON, BOILS. PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its °trusts are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials of wonderful cures from all parts of the world. Remember that this wonderful Medicine WILL PERMANENTLY CURE ALL 'KIN &BLOOD DISEASE! Of all Chemists and Stores, 2 9 per '.;oitie. BEWARE OF IMITATIONS.

•-• IMMEDIATE! , A Lounge Suit to tn.asure for /9 6 worth WI- N/63:i, (7; Do NO r RE'PAVJOL IC'KD becau,e / the pr:ce 10w, ms:al:Pk that it pays to dress well, mat our Lot Nog JTIT 19/6 is the R.NT VALUE illißkt ED. Testimomala from ousvoiners. natistaotiou ~na.rau oad or litOtitty returned. Suits to Measure, 19,6, i 4 30,6. Trousers to Measure,s Patterns and Sall-measurement Fortes cost free. HENRY & Ce., 13 Paternoster • Row, Loudon, E.C. ARIZONA LIFE FLUID OH CHlBied Cliftts. THIS nuiMitOY OF Tkill SOUTH AbIIIkIUAB INDIANS. Gives immediate relief to suffiirers front Rheumatism. /Neuralgia, Sciatica, Lumba,go, Throat and Chest Ailments, S,lrains, Strains and bruises. Arizona Life Fluid is invalu- able to Athletes, Price u--r bottle, Is. 9d. carriage paid. Free Sample Bottle, 2d. for postage. ARIZONA LIN; FLUID CO., Tax GREEN, STAFFORD, •NT) 45 SNow HILL, BIRMINGHAM DISINFUCT WITH SNL.WDOL FLUID & POWDERS MANY TIMIIi MOTH EFFHOTIVII THAN CARBOLIC ACID. To BR OBTAINED FR"M ALL CREMISTS OR THE MANUFACTURERS— SNOWDON, SONS & CO., LTD., MILLWALL, B.

....__. - e”,i.• I • 8 The Examiner, Saturday June 29 1907 • . . . . .... ______,„,_. . ' .., LETTERS TO THE EDITOR MR. CROSFIELD'S MAIDEN mby"tthoimsep ancient t industries of .England.. were started pioneers of civilization and trade ; SAN FRANCISCO AND HER moneyed men, and the United States is no more a peas. Mr. J. Sephton, brother of the bridegroom, Republic than is Russia to-day, and certainly knows acted as best man. A reception was held at 'Atkin- WALKING DA . nothing about democracy. Should any of these law son's Cafe,Bridge-street, after which the happy couple and it is also one of the greatest privileges I shall making institutions do good work for the people, that ; left for Penmaenmar, where the honeymoon will be 1! NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. SPEECH. TROUBLES. w ever, enjoy to speak for the first time in this time at the same time was bad for the Corporations, the I spent. A large number of handsome and costly YESTERDAY'S SUG ' ; Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor --. honoured assembly, so potent for good, not merely by • -- very best legal talent is engaged to break the law, presents were received. FESTIY , , [BY MR. H. WU ITII AM]. or to find methods of evading it. There is lots of e I work and lots of money but both parties want it all, 4. t , as a guarantee of good faith. . THE HOUSE OF LORDS DEBATE. helping people, but rather by giving to them the best 1 It is not an easy task to gather together the various and now the struggle is on to break up labour organize- ki REV. E. C. E. CARLETON.—We are regretfully cora- --- opportunities for helping themselves, and capable therefore of exerting so beneficent an influence even and numerous troubles that no ,v, and have for a long MR. H. P. HUGHES' DEPARTURE. , pelled, by great pressure on our space, to hold you ___ . time, troubled the city of San Francisco. In my . . • tions. Graft is no new thing in San Francisco I Fine ~ letter over until next week. Warrington's Member and " the Will . in the humblest cottage in the land." (Loud cheers.) opinion Boss-rule may be said to be the cause of these found it here twenty years ago, and it had then lost , [Ed. "Ex." its freshness. The `..` ruling classes " had a monopoly There was an interesting and enjoyable function at Welkin, Day—th, Farewell Dinner and Presentation. , -- of 06 People." troubles, anti yet Boss rule has its defenders even and they thought by Divine right it ought to Atkinson's Cafd on Wednesday evening when a dinner . among those who are not seeking for gain by meaas 1 of it,. -- Warrington kept 1. LONDON COMMENTS ON THE SPEECH. remain theirs. children than a of graft, or what in plain English should be called th • own account. awrriitnhgtthoen fßoirch;roenxndamGatso Stove , Mr_ Parker and the S.D.F. Mr. A. H. Crosfield made his maiden speech in the Comments on Mr. Crosfield's maiden speech' _ i The workers thought otherwise and they brought was given in honour of Mr. H. Powell Hughes, h ' w o is the celebratio • House of Commons on Wednesday night on the Prime , . 0 , appeared in two of the London dailies. forward one whom they thought would fill the bill Reply to Mr. H. Quelch Minister's resolution with regard to checking the veto The " Daily Chronicle "in its" House and Lobby" When I read the quotation given by John Workman I He was the leader of the bands in one of the theatres, h 1 h w oe- eart: from the sermon preached by the Rev. W. Bracecarnp ' -and Meter Co., Ltd., after nearly fifteen years' service ywoiuthn,the istealine% column said :—" Dan Leno was quoted for the first I thought, yea it is quite true, "On the Stock Exchange , and at the same time carried on a small business. As as cashier of the House of Lords. a musician he was able to earn 40 dols. a week. Sir,—Replying to the letter of Mr. H. Quelch, Editor highly into business esteemed his rkelsr.alinduaghlaersgeiscvirecrlye nemora, ,the Jew could discern no difference between the pro- I of "Justice," I stand by what I said in the notes on Received on rising with cordial cheers, the Hon. time in the House of Commons last night. Mr. A. H. Organized labour ma Mayor, de their man re-elected kr. my visi • 't, to Plymouth. At the meeting of the S.D.F. AI b called to " unmask" the Liberal party, Mr. Quelch dis- 1 tdL d B ' ark that there was P . em er qu ) e or yron s rem . , rosfield, in a charming maiden speech, while strongly in ie.% our of the Government resolution, expressed his y leasing Christian and himself in a readiness to take an unfair advantage over another." For several years of other townspeople who have come into contact with •.. him twice, and to-day Mayor Schmitz is close on being him, and there wa,s a general desire to give tangible ges . " tinctly stated that the Liberal Government had done • one subject on which most people were eloquent, and !,. . r , , delight at the fact that this important problem was a Jew has been the boss of San Francisco, Abe-Reuf noshing since they came into office, and this without , very few agreeable, that was to say, themselves, being discussed On both sides With SO much good by name. This man has been organizer and dictator qualification. He was so understood by the audience, ' and so reported in the Plymouth press. Mr. Quelch in , his verbal reply to Mr. Barnes, and in his letter in your paper, now suggests valious qualifications to his bald ' statement. For example, speaking of two of the things aug .(L hter ) Still on the first occasion oti which one rose to claiin the indulgence of the House (Cheers) co A FEW PERSONAL OBSERVATIONS lamented comedian. Leno once visited the House of d 1 • kdh. • • f• •• ' magnates man's silenee the bribe-giving of the business mmons, an on )eing as e is impression o it, and political world have pursued their course of corrup- said : " Not bad, not bad ; but it would go better , the Government have done, the passing of the Trades might perhaps be pardoned. He was delighted to with a piano.' (6-reat laughter)." Disputes and Compensation Acts, he tells us that the vital clause of the former was passed in consequence of have an opportunity of explaining why he was ventur- temper. It was in this connection that he quoted the of the municipal graft machine. Depending upon this " ' declared a felon. "The serpent did tempt me and I did expression to these cordial feelings. The matter was s' eat." Wealth was offered by the rich man to the poor taken in hand by a committee consisting of heads of • man and as usual it did its fell work. The ruling classes saw that the time had come to break up the unions, and now we see that a departments presided over by Mr. W. H. Sherbur, with Mr. J. Pollitt as secretary, and the outcome that on Thursday Mr. Hughes was the recipient handsome parting eift in the shape of a tion. Graft entered into everything that goes towards NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF MANUFACTURERS and an illuminateeaddress. There making up the political,municipal and business life of a The " Daily News " special article " Pictures in city. No line of money-making, legal or illegal, could Parliament"contained the following reference." .•• be pursued without first greasing the palm of Reuf. URGES ORGANIZED WARFARE. NEW YORK, May 21st.—A fund of 1,500,000 dols. purse o' was a ls,rgt ance et the dinner, Mr. Sherburn presiding. of the occasion was apprepriately expre • • following lines "To a Comrade" whic pressure from the Labour Party, and in regard to the ing to make a few remarks, and why he intended to to be expended in fighting "Industrial oppression ' also the successful maiden speech of Mr. Crosfield,who Saloon or restaurant must shut up unless the jingle of in the next three years, was called for by President the menu card. Workmen's Compensation Act that this was over-due. vote in support of the motioe. He could claim no has a good voice and manner for the House, and with Id 1 d G 11. - • Van Cleave of the National Association of Menu- " Fellovv-worker and friend, fare go was leer . ara o ing dens and hotels alike, all r It is not necessary for me to dispute either of these . points because they are not pertinen •t to the issue. title to rush in where great constitutional authorities experience will gain, doubtless, in directness and contributed their share of dollars to the " machine." facturers at its annual convention to-day. President Youth perennial and bright b. What 'Mr. Barnes challenged, and what I challenged, had evidently trod with circumspection and caution. force." - 'The proof that the street car line,through its President, Van Cleave appointed a committee of thirty-five to Though space may divide, rec. + True friendship is seldom find a way to raise the money. was the statement that the Liberal Government had He would have been content simply to subscribe to THE VOTE. paid Reuf 200,000 dols. to do as it wished with the Mr. Van Cleave announced his plan at the con- An excellent repast was ser V ' "done nothing" to fulfil their promises to their sup- porters. It is unnecessary to labour the personal point, the course the Prime Minister had taken, because city streets is now in the hands of the prosecution. The debate on the Prime Minister's resolution Thousands of dollars were given by the prize fighting elusion of his annual address, in the course of which he declared the principles of the association ing in her best style. After musical program. me was s 1 it only concerns the way in which Mr. Qeelch by his in his humble opinion one saw in the resolution terminated shortly before midnight. e fraternity for permission to have a monopoly of the to be to maintain the open shop, to oppose the boy- very sweetly ' Love, loose and inaccurate statements tries to disparage the dream," and was warm ' the sagacity, and at the same/time, the courage and The result of the final division was : • brutal business by means of a Trust. Presidents and cott, limitation of apprentices and limitation of : ! work of the Liberal Government. heard to. advantage i. FOR THE RESOLUTION. 432 lawyers of electrical, telephones, and gas and water output and to oppose dictation by labour unions. Let us pass on to what is of more importance in the sincerity which had endeared the leader of the party Tickell gave • , He also declared that the manufacturers must corn- W. fl. . letter of Mr. Quelch, namely his defence of his assump- Ae UNST Socialist party is justified in claiming to all who followed him,—(cheers)—including humble bat the newer issues caused by the determination ,- tion "that the-- and all I suppose, have been honourable fine effect, and • of labour union leaders to terrorize the President, to speak for the whole of the working-classes." He Members like himself, who, if he might say so, GOVERNMENT MAJORITY tells us that the Socialist party alone stands for the ! , re arded their chief not merely with respect but with The announcement of this tremendous majority was of the world, being rich men. Months ago a aeded : the assemb • emancipation of the working-classes, the abolition of , g 0 , received with the wildest enthusiasm on the Liberal prominent citizen took the situation in hand, and "We waet to federate the manufacturers of this "Charge • the last form of human slavery—wage slavery—through a feeling of affection. (Renewed cheers). And so he , on Mr. F side. When the Prime Minister t 1 the ' country to effectively fight the industrial onpres- rose o leave ie guaranteeing 100,000dols. towards expenses, was lA, socialization of the means of the production. He goes on to tell us that the Socialist party aims at an entire told his friends in the constituency he had the honour House the whole Liberal side of the House leapt to able to provide two first-class men to aid him in mien. We should provide ways and means to ieder- featurt Hazl- ate the employers of the country and to educate, ` •;. s i transformation of the conditions of the workers, and to represent, that while they had on those benches their feet, and cheered and cheered again. Sir Henry running down the bribe giver as well as the bribe adds "this is why, although there are many among the our manufacturers to a proper sense of their own Th• such an abundant flow of oratory, the Whips were bowed his acknowledgments from behind the Speaker's taken. The lawyer, Henry, graduated from the same : duty, patriotism and self-interest." t. working clsss who still vote for the old parties . chair, and one of the most memorable events in Parlia- college as Reuf ; the detective, Burns has a national quite content if they had his vote without too much of The unions are not asleep • • d I p while this is doing an which would perpetuate their slavery . . . we are mentary history closed—for a time. reputation. These two, working quietly, were at could give celumns of which the followine are on it perfectly justified in claiming for the Socialist party his voice. (Laughter.) At the same time he would -- length able to apply for and obtain warrants for the samples. e that it speaks for the whole working class." I fail to , not have his constituency think he was shirking a MESSAGE FROM MR. CROSFIELD. arrest of Reuf, and then commenced a series of Court t see that the inference drawn from the premises follows The Boot and Shoe Workers' Union, Loc. i as a logical sequence. The fact theta number of people tight place. He had been into a crevasse on one Mr. Crosaeld wired U. 3 yesterday as follows :—May scenes that must simply have astounded the legal,. if 1 has passed a resolution imposing a tine of 25, I are of opinion that a certain transformation of social occasion, and under an avalanche on another, and he I respectfully draw your readers' attention particularly not the lay world. It would take up all my space to all members detected in patronizing st conditions would be beneficial to the workers in no way ! begin to enumerate the ridiculous aspects of American manned by strikebreakers. One-half thi• • hem the title to speak for the whole of the could assure hon. Members who had not tried them to the Prime Minister's and Mr. Asquith's speeches in be paid to the informer. , gives t this week's great constitutional debate. Other very law as seen in the prosecution of Reuf. It covered working classes, Suppose that Mr. Quelch should that they were very tight places indeed. (Laughter.)Tailors' Union, No. 2, has also le, months, and each day the detention and keep of Reuf devise some other form of social transformation, and able delivered b Churchill, - speeches werey Lloyd weekly assessment for the aid of t. After such an experience he would not shirk the ordealwas costing the city not less than 20dols. a day. I may - • form a party called ne c i Q 1 h"tes to advocate his scheme,George, Henderson and Lord Robert Cecil, but men. in addition to the donations would he have any right to say that he represented the still less would he miss the privilege of addressing Asquith's has special significance and importance. give one example of the preliminary tactics of the ing laandry workers and tale' ,!I House on ea of c mstituency. defendants. Great difficulty is experienced in getting a fine of 25d015. will be impose. whole of the working classes simply because in his the H behalf his . opinion his method was better than any other? Themajority ,I l ii. jury of the workers in the country do not con- " am very gad," Mr. Crosfield continued, "that I be paid for any such off' have to face when they undertake the duties of a • ' alder themselves "slaves " and have no faith in the have an opportunity of speaking to-night, because NOTES ON GAMES AND grand juryman. For weeks these men were in the 0 member of the family • Socialist remedy. Is it not therefore somewhat of an . . members were airaitt• • for the minority to claim that they can this is an occasion which, after all, affects not a single position of defendants. The prisoner's lawyers just Janitors' Union, impertinence -. badgered them out of their wits, and there was no 10dols. each to speak for the whole of the working classes? They section of one's constituency, but which concerns the ATHLETICS. ihelp for it. The Court could not interfere ; each man's have every right to speak for themselves, but not for Union and Telep 1 whole of it. I know the views of the large Liberal those who differ from them. Cricket. opinions were gone into, he was examined and cross- 10dols. will be • i 1 took stock of the type of men who were sent up to and Lab iur element which I have the honour chic fly Warrington the National Liberal Federation by the associations all are distinctly in the running for the examined. Astute a 1 . s the prosecuting lawyer to represent. I k th • -* d the • f championship of the South-West Lancashire League, undoubtedly is, he had to wait and watch. His reward now their views, an e views o street car ma, paid to the over the country. Ido not suppose five per cent. ofThe brew• and are dangerous rivals of the leaders. On Saturday came ultimately, in the shape of a satisfactory jury, 1 • 1 I these men were of independent, means. They appeared my ris • h friends who live in Warrington, and I feel the • ' y inflicted a heavy defeat upon St. Helens Rees. and the finding of a large number of indictments been on s to represent various classes of the country's workers. sure that so far as this motion carries us they will after the most disastrous opening of the season. Batting against Reuf, one of the ablest and most intellectual me it is There were men from the forge, the loom, the shop; I first on a slow wicket Richardson and Wright were out l. shorter • lawyers in California. While the Reufian comedy was every phase of the nation's toil was represented in the ' approve of the vote which I intend to give in support with only seven runs on the board, and ten runs later hour- . delegates of this so-called " Capitalist Party." Does of it. Therefore, so far as argument may be neces- Podmore and Callon had also returned to the pavilion. going on, it is but a cpmedy after all, the Mayor had „,,,, 1 Mr. Quelch claim that his party can speak and think for Connor and. Bibby were brought together, and . . aete. a gone to Europe to Ilook for points in his work of '" sary, I feel inclined to address myself in a rather these men better than they can for themselves? 1 .1. 1.• H had '.- • shaky opening, made a determined stand. Connor, who re nu c ing the city. eappointed as Deputy- Is it not time this spirit of arrogance was put aside? special manner to the Free Trade Unionists who did made his first innings of the season, was given a life Mayor a man of the name of Gallagher, by the way, it ' e Is it not time that the section of the patty to which me the honour to support me at the last election. I early on, and then he proceeded to run up the score. would be interesting to Englishmen to note the nar• • Mr. Quelch belongs abandoned this silly talk of 0 Progressing largely by means of fours he quickly of the a L., "unmasking " other political and social workers, this put it to them—so far as I have any grip of the funda- army of American bribe-givers and ta . increased his total, and was past his half century when 'This Gallagher ' • is was a part of the machine, th- -1 strutting about, and posing as the only sincere party, mental issue, and the pith and essence of what we are he stepped out to a ball from Harper, missed, and was - declaring"they are the people,"and that wisdom will die smartly stumped. His innings was a typical one, and ~ -machine being nearly the whole of the City's ' • , with them? Would it not be well if instead of do many were the hopes expressed that he will in the ing proposing—l put it to them that it amounts simply to and over the machine he presided. While i their bestto prejudice their own cause by being unjust this : that after terdue precautions against hasty legis- immediate future be seen more frequently in the field. was away true bills were found again- 'to others, they were to try and convince those who do . • . --- is now out on bail. The Mayor, Schm not see eye to eye withthem ? lation, and without undue and dangerous delay ~, Bibby never appeared to he happy and scored but with I think two exceptions, the w iAre we not justified in asking Socialists to spare a THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE SIRLL PREVAIL slowly but he kept his wicbet up and his innings was Council, are now pointed with their , little time and thought from their work of general far more valuable than the actual total would make it (Cheers). W have been told in this very interesting e e ,e, and all to a large extent vituperation and destruction and tell us what they mean appear. None of the other batsmen gave much trouble prison, , , ' ' ' s to erect on the ruins of the social system they desire to debate that distinguished Members of another and St. Helens Rocs were set 124 to win, not stand the torture of the swe , destroy, or if they like the word better, to transform? ____ less, and bring the whole of Chamber profess to know that will as if the were a The country is getting tired of the reiteration of the P • y It was evident from thecommencement of their effort ture, known as the " machi , , statement about "Nationalising the means of produc- Chamber of Zancigs. lam afraid that does not hold that they were not going to be successful. I`tyo singles and his colleagues' heads , tion." We must know a great deal of what this water at all, and we have proof to the contrary were taken off Creswell's first over and Pilkington from the Street Railro. • i' involves before we agree to take this leap in the dark. faced Callon. The first ball he played very tamely 200,000d01s Of this We must know for example on what system work is of the most overwhelming kind. One of the best whilst the second found his wickets and made way for or 1 i kept -0 000" f h" s I * to be paid for. We have various proposals before us. summaries of that proof we listened to in the speech Harper. Both bowlers sent down a maiden and then . '). '. Saint-Simon and others have suggested that the distribu- Callon uprooted Harper off stumps. The visitors could . was divided amo • itheroe (Mr. tion should be made in proportion to liability, or what of my friend, the Member for Cl . do nothing with the bowling and one after another tons are good • , • appears to me a better word, capacity. Karl Marx Shackleton), who, in a very able speech, gave us a they were sent back, the innings closing for 44. incomes bein • repudiates this idea, and would assess all work, what- ; . lucid and convincing summary of the measures which Rail-road I 4 .- . ever the amount or the character of the product, as an . e - The bowlers divided the honours pretty evenly though cities of equal value, making time the only measure, and awards i the Lords have rejected which were wanted urgently Callon secured slightly the larger share. By the way Raii_re. , - ing accordingly. Louis Blanc and others consider that r i , , for the benefit of the people. (Hear, hear.) The case the younger player was in a most erratic mood and the The • t neither the time worked, the quality, nor quantity oflarge number of extras was due to some of his deliveries ; '1 them is I fear equally strong whether we con- ,• the work ought to govern the reward, but that every against being out of the reach of Duckworth. He, however, niL • , , • man should have according to his needs. There are alder what they have done, or what they have left has one pet ball, a kind of half volley, which looks 1 ;# other proposals, but they mostly group themselves „ simple enough but which the St. Helen's men found undone. For when prejudice and passion and race round these three. We have a right to know before we altogether beyond them. .He and Cresswell have do. adopt the first proposal, how society will be able to hatred have run high have the Lords ever tried to use practically all the bowling of the season and the rec. . ensure that every man gives according to his abilities, of both are excellent. they are : . their undoubted influence in the country *to allay and how it is to compel this contribution if it be with- , . ' . held. If the second principle is to be favoured we want these mischievous sentiments? O. M. R. W. .. - to know if the man who works an hour, and does a "May I refer, Mr. Caldwell, for a moment or two, to Cresswell .. , , f certain amount, is to be paid the same as the man who works the same time but does twice as much. We want the speech of the hon. gentleman, the Member for Callon to know if the third plan is adopted who is to determine Oxford University (Sir William Anson) and his con- It has not so far' been a batting se ) the extent of the wants or needs of the various everything into consideration the ave - - + tention that when the time came to tianslate this !. individuals. he players are very good. The t• i . I have frequently raised these difficulties in the many motion into a Bill, we should have a single Chamber, those who have taken part in t. friendly talks I have had with Socialists, and the i• 1 replies I have got have been something like this :"These and consequently bad and hasty work. lam sure the are : , times , /,' • are details which will settle themselves when we have great majority here feel that quite the contrary is the inns. • • got everything nationalized." But these so called .. .. details go to the very root of the social question; they. danger, that we run the risk of too much delay, a Bibby are more important than the framework of the system point that was made very clear in the frank, powerful, Cresswell 5 i' itself. Until Socialists can show that in connection and brilliant speech we heard this afternoon from Mr. Duckworth with the proposed mechanism of society the individual's J. Callon S i Lloyd-George. d e He—and- last night the Under- e„ „ share in the things that minister to his life will be oy - reorge., - Richardson , apportioned on a principle which will appeal to the Secretary for the Colonies said the same thing— Turton t-% • units of the state as just, they have no right to ask f Thompson .. 'adopt their scheme. Apart altogether from pointed out that we could not legislate for the case o society to Bennett ... , . the important questions of reward of toil, effort and a mad people returning a mad Parliament. Neither •e• ability, the transference of initiative and management. waste time in anticipat- The Sr .r.../can we, nor are we, going to in the most important departments of life, from the 0 on tht 1., 4 s individual to state officials,will, without doubt, restrain ing the impossible. (Hear, hear). Mr. Morley wrote of t, " l the free development of self-conscious personality and a good many years ago that he had no great love P. _+, It is no answer to point out the imperfections for second Chambers, and although I dare say deaden the sense of personal responsibility. • , ' f1..1.1 ought to be state-owned or state-controlled, there is no think the consequences would he disastrous if we incidental to the present system. Because monopolies there are plenty of people in this country w• • reason why we should replace an easily resistible capitalism by an irresistible officialism—an officialism no second Chamber, I for one should be able to •A which will have to attempt the impossible task of equit- in my bed quite comfortably. I believe in tl lil l'' '' ably assigning to each man what work he must do, or• , determining his capacity to do it, and of justly assess- aence an fairness 0 d sense of of the English • . ing his share of the products either on the basis of the J. believe in the advantage of full respons ,; , value of his contribution, or the extent of his needs. placed upon the representative C. CHARLES E. PARKER. believe at the same time, that it is • ' . • Penketh, June 25th 1907. •-•`,i'' second Chamber if only because, -it. ,I, not like to see the crown dr ;el turmoil of party politics. ( : i'• ell e , 1 ACTION BY THE GUARDIANS. the only reason; there ar• i better to have a second • ' At the Warrington Court on Thursday the Guardians of ~ + , / -1 the Warrington Union sued Mary Ann Robinson, 39, THE. GO' Marsh-itreet, as administratrix of the estate of her late thankful that onthis questio• V husband Harrison N. Robinson and also sued her per- sonally for the return of £l5 14s. 10d, paid in out-relief to have the is to defendant and her late hasband.—Mr. Browne and cuttin • 1 e t appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. Steel defended.—Ur. Browne said defendant and her husband were the told ag 4 recipients of out relief. On the husband's death long. - ..-, I defendant became entitled to £lO9 due on an insurance • , policy and as under the Poor Law Amendment Act of 1834 . e out-relief was declared to be a loan,the Guardians contend : • -S • that the ratepayers should not be put to the expense of lit 2., . the relief when she was in a position to pay. Eve s , • opportunity was given her to appear before the Bo I and make an offer but she would not do that—. t H. Aukland, relieving officer, cross-examined •,s •Il Steel said defendant's husband was 79 year- , , when he died and had been a ratepayer of , the greater part of his life. He heard th. ii- -•-''i4 ' had to pay some money in respect of the not know it was £5O. He heard that , borrowed to keep up the prerniures an, son repaid it out of the insure' Shearer also gave evidence—Mr.• ' the Guardians had failed to ' -' they could not differentiate . which defendant was alleg. and as adrninistratrix. 11, estate had gone within , said he was of opinion the husband and th, personally. She w• PN -' and he gave judg, Costs. •/k , t , i: t'l f • . , !: ,;•• • 1 ii eI • i= 1 . , : 3 1 , : 4 _
