===== 0002601_19070921_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
CANADA BY ALLAN LIN tf.—Ttite. Aums OF OCEAN 004FoR1' TS ATTAINED IN THE FAST TURBINE STEAMERS. SHORTEST AND CHEAPEST ROUTE TO ALL PARTS OF f CANADA & WESTERN STATES. SPUD. 1 Cneurpareed Accommodation Excellent Cuisine. Details re Work and Wages. EAFETy, Apply ALLANS, 103, LEADICFBALL 'TEMP, ane 6, PALL MALL. LONDON; 19. JAMBS STREET. LIVERPOOL or Local Agents.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
COMFORT

„ .

===== 0002601_19070921_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
IT/ OF DUBLIN STEAM PACKET COMPANY.

IRISH INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION DUBLIN, MAY TO OCTOBER. LIVHRPOOL AND DUBLIN (W•ftEit FAST STEAMERS EACH MORNING AND EVENING. Cheap Tickets (Imble Journey, Saloon 13s. 6d.; Deck 52. 'sued every Week-day for Day Steamers. Cheap Tickets (Double Journey, Saloon 15s. ; Deck es. 6d.) issued Friday and Saturdays for Day or Night Steamers. Cbeap Bookings also to Killarney. Connemara, etc., etc. Tickets, hours of sailing, etc., tray be had at the Com- pany's Office, 13, Water St., Liverpool, or any of Messrs. Thos. Cook and Bons,lloffices.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
at Atg „s

PRINTING OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS, Auctioneers and Trsdesmen. I NVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pattern, on blue, white, or fancy papers. JOHN WALKER & CO., " EXAMINER " OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

1/ouseo anti tanb on Oale.

7 (large) Roomed House in bPalthr Newmarket. Coto Kum' and beath.—Anoly OSBORY.

Q la I'o YUKOHASHI 12 well-built bouses.—Partieu• lars A., 23, Case,la Ti., New Cross.

QuMMllit 110USIIS curiage paid. Null ortieutare. - 10 67Evierr., 2ii. I..iuhtnn Kinrlsh Town. Lorin.

VOR Skim —Howes treehold. £.2.t9 to Ent, one with conehbonee.—HArrwftwo, Bellevue rd..South.nd,Rseefr

rpo itquity of 49 substantially built well. ler Weeklies. One lot or sepAratel-. Best situation round Manchester. Sear c Ars and ritation. Gross rental £92 7s. Price £2.3oo.—Apply J. SPARROW. litolestm House, MAncherter.

===e==

===== 0002601_19070921_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
DAINTY MILLINERY MODES.

The new autumn millinery fashions make a distinct change and possess a definite and artistic departure from prevailing sum- mer modes. If you would like to see the exclusive models for the season, you should visit our dainty show of autumn novel- ties on WEDNESDAY NEXT and following days.

W. T. WILLIAMS, WHITE HOUSE, SANKEY STREET WARRINGTON.

EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON Bewsey Street, Warrington. HAVE A GREAT REPUTATION FOR Plain or in two or more colours to make a bold and striking display on Hoardingsand walls. ESTIMATES FREE. EDUCATIONAL WORKS. ADDRESS CARDS. LARGE POSTERS CIRCULARS in the neatest style, from modern type and of the best workmanship.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
*?orgrs, flog, Eft) *tork Scr.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
futtig, ppare, 13oarbinq eotab.

j iiiiiKTOWN, Kirkcudbrightshire. LLANGOViTAN 1101RL. .143:oetient cuisine. Splendid roams. Poet lug .uid Motor accommodation. Moderate terms.

HIGHOLIFFE-Olt-VBA, HANTo. Guam HOTEL (opposite the Needles. Isle of Wlghts). Terme moderate.

gpartments, furitiOtt out, &t

BLACKPOOL R.S. APARTMNNTS, Public and Private: terms 25.; 2 doors from Prom.—CARDwELL, 6. Brook- lands 'Terrace, Sea View.

BitYNMi)H LittlebninPtqn, Fußaex.—Seaside Home School; Otri.. Half prospectus iPell. pupils under 10.

D H WLLHlA.—Comfortable- AP 4,ltTed gr tad. beautifully I situated ; two rnintzte. horn proraenacle. ; sal and river fishing.—Mrs. ABERKIN Joy, Wooderoft.

RHYL.—IJONIFORIABLIt APARTMSTiTS, opposite sea and bandstand ; modtrate.—WlLLl4&t9. Sunset view, 27, West Parade.

WVANTRI), Paving OURS r, gentlom4n or lady; borne comfort,. ILro HoiJ, ChApel Milton, Chapel-

---J----

===== 0002601_19070921_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ATgtrbniert., ett.

--- AS AND OIL BNGINfiS.-7 13.11. P„ perfect Crossley os. £18; bargaio.- DEMPSTER, Lenetp,,rt.

-VOR SAM-BOILER TA NJ, 50ft. x Bft.. 32,f. x 7ft. 6in., 30ft. x 7ff. 61n., 30ff. x 7tt , 4Jft. x sfr., iteveral ittrallAr; knktinet., Boiler, ['unarm, &c.—appiy hDwARD RATCLIFFE. 14.Totch nosy, ft4erchtint, Fistwarden.

DAThS. GAS and OIL ENGINEi, successtully extlibited ILP at all important shows ; hundreds tu use ; q delivery; all sizes ; speciality Suction Gas lingtnes and iie Gas Plants.—W. S. BATES it 00. (LTD.), Denton, Manchester. Tel. 60 Denton.

Tli wohi H youN ;NH (LB to BUY YOUR LUBEtI- -1 CANTS DIRSCI'. RR/JANOS HIGH-OLASi NON- UORROSIVR largest sale in the world ENGINR OIL, 110., CYLINDER OIL Hid., VACHINERY 0/1,, 111.1., SPINDLE OIL GAS' &NG/ NH OIL, le. 64., DYNA33O OIL, Is 641. per gallon ; in barrels, free and etrriave paid.— RELIANOR LUB/1104.TING OIL CONIPANY. 19 and 20. Water lane, Greet Tower et,, London. ILO. Also 99, ilreat Clyde st., Glasgow; I,SanCblll.Quayside. firewoastle-on-Tyne. pATENT OP PIC 6.IOH.HdTHII. BEITABLISEMD Xi 1835. Niemen. GEOfiGH DAVIES & SON have ha- more than 40 Fears' personal I experience in connection with this Establist• ulent•andpcssesspractioalknowlerlce •f the cotton,woollen and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law... price Eicl. " Colonial end Poreign Patent Laws," price ls. 9EORCIE DAVIES, 0.11.. a SOB. P.1.P.A., MX4I 4. ST. ANN SQUARE . EIANORESTER.

!T. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LI NII I: rill (late Orinerod) L., Grierson and Co.), II &sue. Manoluester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. 1131 addition have purobasegl all Wheel, Puliey and Tooth Block Patterns &0., belonging to the late trenry Wren and Co., London•road Iron Works, Nlanohester and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS. lifillwright,and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalognell of Wheels and i'ulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manobesters Telegraphie address: '" Ormerod Grierson, Manchesber."

===== 0002601_19070921_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
lartntrsbilis, tuelattofitg.

DELSuris puntP.sssz_4 -cin be I. accommodated with Capital at MAURICE AND Co., 31, Cairo at.. Warrington.

DO YOl7 WANT TO SELL your Business ?--If so consult Mr. CownELL, Business Agent. Leg.. it.. Warriington

IRAPERY, 9.8.-210 Nspekly ; stock optional ; rent 234; 1 • price 23.— WM. HotTGliToN & Solve, 9, Wood at., London, ILO.

B- lISINESSBB WANTBD.—AppIy T. CownELL, 31, Legh at., Warrington.

F"}f.lp and Tripe BUSINRSI, well fittei ; best eon nection in Bootle or Liverpool.—J. WELLS. 94, Knowsley rd., Bootie.

.flionto

PUIVATEI LOAM:3.-210, repaytole 15;. monthly ; large amounts fo nronortion; diqtinl, no ; forms free —F. RUTLAND, 28, Inglis rd.. Croydon.

I OANS £IOO and upwards wanted by laree Ijorpor,tiona 1 and other public bodies at 3f per cent. interest. For full particulars apply to J. R. ElauaaCLounir, Assoc. Accountant. Yeovil.

TMPORTANT.—The NCRTfittliN sIONARY on., LTD. (Incorporated 1875). make Advances to persona entitled to property on the death of aged reisti yes, or otherwise in expectancy, and upon !stonier, funds la Chancery, life interests, arid annuities, and t.urchsse those interests for prompt cash.—SuArnsort RUMP, Secretaries, 22, Lord st., Liverpool. R 5

TO £5,000 LENT DA.114 Y. LOWRST INTHRHST 1 lINGLAND. £6 loan, Repay 2s. weekly. £95 loan, Repty 104. weekly £lO „ „ 4s. „ £3) I,te. „ £l5 .. Bs. £53 „ 20e. „ £2O „ „ Bs. „ £ICO „ „ 38e. „ No Sureties, no Lelay, n, Publicity. Special attention to :applicants from this district. METROPOLITAN LOAN & DISCOUNT CO., 219, BRUNSWfOK St. MC WORD RD . NIA.NOESTER; and at 87. VICTORIA RD, NORTHWICH, 85, Brmitirotri RD. (corner of 0 mom 8%), CREWS, 8, TRKNTHA.3I ST., RUNCORN.

THE LONDON & PROVINCIAL

LO NIS CO., 465, MARKET STENET, MANCHESTER, GRANT PROMPT AND PRIVATE ADVANCES ON NOTE OF HAND ALONE, TO HOINHHOLDHRS AND OTHRR HRSPONSIBLB PIIRSONS AT IaikSONABLR RkTIIS AND WITHOUT PURUCITY.

REPAYMENTS TO SUIT BORROWERS' CONVENIENCE. SPECIAL RATES FOR SHORT . PERIODS.

4.4 TO £5,000.-- w U ! WaY!! Want. Are, sell, pawn or let your friends know that you are short of a little ready cash. We have plenty of money, and are willing to lend you part of it at a very low rate of interest and an easy repayment can be arranged according to your income. &a loan Uri weekly 1 2.?0 loan 5/- weekly £lO loan 3/- weekly I £4O loan ...... ......10/- weekly larger sums in same proportion, other terms as mutually agreed upon. Don't Pay 2/8 in the £ for a month. So don't fail to give us a call or write and convince yourself that our terms cannot be beat,en. —A PPLY TO MA If itlo S & 00., 31, CAIRO Si'.,WARRINGTON. MASS CoTTKRILL. MANAGERENR. fil.B,—Read this carefully, what you cannot understand, we will eapliin; we mean nothing but trmest and straight- forward dealings. Letters promptly attended to.

• WIDPINS. £l5. £7, £lO, £2O, MO. £5O, £lOO. A DVANC&N' MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- La. MEN, FARMBRS, WORKINGMBN, and all Respect. tie Householders, on their own security, without delay, on our simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OP THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER JOHN B. GOODWIN. N.B.—Warrington and Runnorn Applicant may receive • Money any Evening at their on Homes.

‘5 TO £5OO. SPROIAL TIMMS FOR THR HOLIDAYS.

IT IS WORTH YOUR WHILE TO GIVR 4US : TRIAL On RfIeBIPT of your Application My MARA RR will call upon you and Lend you what you require on the follow- ing terms. (5 ... 1/6 weekly (10 2/6 weekly (7 2/- „ (15 ... 3/6 „ 4/6 weekly

Lsrger arnounis-in proportion. For Prospectus Apply or write to

J. JENNJNG,9, 4; PARKER ST., (SANKEY ST.)) WARRINGTON.

PRIVATB AND CONFIDIINTIAL.

_0: AND UPWARDS advanced without delay ot.we, on BORROWERS' OWN SIGNATURE, or on FURNITURB, STOCK, PLANT, Ac. (without removal.) All business personally conducted to assure

STRICTEST PRIVACY.

Call or wine In omildenee to actual lender—

J. B. ELTON, 38, CHURCH STREW'', LIVERPOOL.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, RING-STRERT, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGA3 B STREET, CH ESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PEOMIcSONY NOTE. DARTI ES wishinß tor temporary CASH ADVANJES should note the advantages offered, viz. THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF 8 %ALL REPAYKKNTS EXTENDING OVER A, PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THN BORROWER. NO BILLS OF cALE ABS TAKEN UNIASS AGRNNO AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZSTTE. ABSOLUTE SBORECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE I AIME OIATE ATTRITION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative a ill oall personally upon applicants and complete the transactions as their own home or places of business. My fair dealirg and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled

===== 0002601_19070921_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, •

===== 0002601_19070921_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t 1-17 r - ‘,

===== 0002601_19070921_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
IiVOMF.N'S CHAT.

The Best-known Spot in Londosi.—The Marble Arch at one of the entrances to Hyde Park, which is familiar to most visitors to London, was intended for the main entrance to Buckingham Palace, but was found to be unsuitable for this purpose and was transferred to its present site in 1851. It is now proposed to set back further in the Park, in the centre of a crescent drive,as part of a contemplated improvement scheme. The arch is of Carrar marble, and cost over £7,000. It is said to be the largAt work of mere ornament in the British Isles, excluding memorials commemorative of a great name or cause, but it sinks into insignificance when compared with the Arc de Triomphe, which stands at the top of the Champs Elysdes, in Paris. That was commenced by Napoleon in 1806, but was not com- pleted until thirty years later, and cost altogether nearly half a million sterling. A Royal Sportswomam—Princess Patricia of Connaught is frequently spoken of as our "open-air Princess," and not without reason. Princess Patricia is a fearless rider, a capital pedestrian, and a swift runner, she is moreover devoted to tennis' hockey, and golf, particularly the latter, which royal and ancient game her Royal Highness plays regularly, regardless of the weather. The Duchess of Skania, who with her husband and two little sons has been slaying at Bagshot Park on a visit to the Duke and Duchess of Connaught, is also fond of open-air pursuits, but since her marriage she has of course had much less time at her dispasal in which to follow them. Lady Savile.—On Monday last,before leaving Rufford Abbey, the King planted a mulberry tree, which makes the eighth of its kind planted by His Majesty, in Lady Saviles Italian garden. Lady Savile, who for many years has been honoured with the friendship of the King, is a daughter of the late Mr. Charles Webster, Wedderburn, and was the widow of Mr. H. Helgariwhen she married Lord Savile, some thirteen years back. Lady Savile is a perfect hostess possessing great tack and conversational powers, and is always perfectly dressed. Black is Lady Savile's favourite wear, and with her wealth of bright golden hair, the sable hue suits her perfectly. The Painter of" The Cheat."—As yet the effect of the Act, legalising marriage . with a deceased wife's sister, has been chiefly retrospective, for there does not appear to have been a great rush of widowers te marry their sister-in-law. Many of course became naturalised subjects of other countries in order to contract such a marriage, and among others effected by the Act is the Hon. John Collier, the artist. who is married to a younger sister of his former wife. He is a brother of Lord Monkswell, and is the well-known painter of that ..famous picture "The Cheat,"—which excited so much interest, owing to the problem which of the two women was thi3 cheat. It was never intended to be a problem picture, and inject suggests little knowledge of the practice of cheating at cards. The lady standitbo, up in the picture is represented as having turned down a marked card. That is all, but of course if people cheat at bridge, there are more effective and less risky ways of doing so, than that of using marked cards, which is the very last method they would adopt. Men's Fashions.—Hitherto the fashions which govern men's dress have been limited to a few alterations, generally going from one extreme to the other. Trousers, for instance, will be very tight or very baggy, but whereas a feminine fashion may last only six weeks, trousers will be either one way or the other for six years or more, and that, it must be admitted, is a dis- tinct advantage over a system of constant changes. It is because men's clothes offer so few, opportunities for changing that their style has to last so long, and some of them are not at all becoming, such as is the one that has transformed the lounge coat into a sort of mongrel garment half-jacket and half-jacket and half-morning coat. Still men, making no trouble of these things or of the wearing of high collars, and having taken kindly to the fancy waistcoat are now urged to go in for velvets and velveteens, new styles of fancy coloured hats and in other ways to elaborate their personal adornment. In fact they are to set up a sort of Dame Fashion of their own but they should remember before- hand, that the dictates of such an autocratic person generally involves no little sacrifice of comfort._ and convenience. At the Tailors.—From the medium three-quarter coat, we are creeping on to the longer varieties, which is a matter for regret, as unless our inches exceed those of the average woman, and our skirts are long, the effect is not good. Another pitfall we should avoid, when at the tailore, is the excessively short walking skirt. Such a garment should cell clear the ground of course, but in running to violent extremes in this direction, we decidedly lay ourselves open to being classed among loud and vulgar dressers. Waistcoats.—Coats are being built very open at the neck,waistcoats therefore will be of immense importance during the coming winter. In shopland, the selection of dressy waistcoats, suitable for wear with or tailor-mades, is wonderful, and few of us will feel inclined to braid, embroider paint, or otherwise spend our time, in creating these dainty and fascinating items. Very beantiful and costly buttons adorn all the best waistcoats, enamel, old paste, and quartz set in gun metal, being among the most approved. Detachable Plounces.—Many and various are the methods devised for fastening detachable flounces to our underskirts, but perhaps the most effective is that of lacing them together. Another excellent device CC/Mists of the closely vandyked band, which is attached to the skirt, the vandykes buttoning down on to the flounce. Needless to say, there must be no " sagging " anywhere, and the time expended in sewing on buttons and making buttonholes and eyelet holes, is indeed well spent, when the petticoat with detachable flounces is concerned. For the skirt portion, a short length of brocade should be indulged in, this fabric, provided it is of home manufacture, being very nearly "everlasting wear." Increased Household Bills.—*On all -sides, the pur- veyors of household necessities are following the example of the coal merchant, in putting up prices. Not only fuel, but bread, milk and in fact nearly all the prime necessaries of life are costing more and it is estimated that in working class families this means a reduction of twenty per cent on the purchasing power of the weekly household allowance. To some extent the general rise in prices is no doubt due to abnormal conditions of isupply and demand, but it is a little singular that these periods of dear times always coincide with the oncoming of autumn and winter, when the people are less able to go on short commons than in the spring and slimmer. In the old days, when the country was dependent upon home supplies, articles of food were always dearer in the winter, but nowadays we are independent of seasons, and there is more than a suspicion that the desire to extract larger profits from the public is at the bottom of the general rise id prices. When coal was excessively dear, a few years ago. two or three of the largest. Town Councils proposed to buy, and work mines to supply the public at cost price, and it would perhaps be well for the dealers to bear in mind that municipal competition is more likely to be carried into effect now than it was then. The Blackberry.—Various are the names given to the fruit of the bramble. In some parts of the country it is called the dewberry, and in the Scottish Highlands it goes by the name of the cloud-berry, or mountain bramble. Scald-besd is another name given to the blackberry, owing to its supposed tendency to produce the eruption known as scald-bead in chUdren. This, however, is quite an erroneous idea, for doctots and scientists are agreed that the blackberry is one of the most wholesome fruits, end it was considered by the Greeks to be a preventative of gout. It makes very good jam, and if housewives will take the trouble to make it, it filso furnishes an, excellent and wholesome home made wine.

MADGE.

See that yoll

the kind you have always had. This medicine is known by the marvellous cures it effects even in long-standing cases. Prices iij or 2/9 of all chemists.

~ get ----- -- -- ~.7:. - ---- ' - ,-- v-aksLES EoFult, r ' . 6 (Trade Mark)`:So i ~ • • . . _ ,e. ..,..ms for .. . . ( : A„,t. , ‘i. , . \ NESS euRE:-NEA'DAC 11E, INDICESI T/: 0- N, CONSTIPATION, , DEBILITY', FEMALE WEAK NESSES, PILES , ' DIZZINESS , SALLOW COMPLEXIONS, . :I. .1.1 1 ,111 PIMPLES AND ALL LIVER .1,:l I t •-- 14. liii , sll‘' ;:::): r. ' -,,•'• - --, L. 03 3 TIM- - 4 °i . , , ~,,,,,,,,• ---, _ ~ o, : • :;•,i1 , , , - ,

===== 0002601_19070921_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
ONCE TRIED ALWAYS USED MCDOUG

===== 0002601_19070921_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
LL'S Pategt SELF-RAISING FLOUR• The Examiner, Saturday, September 215 1907. - ' • . . WOMAN'S REALM. he—he, Talbot Denby, had killed hin—was a that he may go and win the fame and fortune had come to the Court. She found it and put [ALL BIGEETS IMERVED.I- e murderer! which will enable him to claim her is a common it on. Then she went to the Sheraton bureau and , A deathly sickness, an actual physical sickness, object of the novel; and he always comes back wrote a letter; addressing it to the Earl, laiii )N—HOME. THE VERDICT OF THE came over him; all the strength seemed to leave with the aforesaid fame and fortune,and marriage it on the dressing-table, and beside it her jewel- his limbs, and he staggered to a tree, groping bells reward him. But in real life the man's ease, in which she placed all the costly gems and for its support with his hands as if he had gone ifteritice and striving generally end in failure: trinkets which he had given her. She emptied TASTE IN BEAUTIES. HEART. suddenly blind. He leant there, shaking as it the course of true love runs so roughly that it her purse and counted the contents.. It is an ungracious task to dispute about with cold, for some minutes, trying to look away runs over the precipices of despair. She had, fortunately, just drawn her quarterly Beauties, declares Ella Hepworth Dixon in the from the hideous object stretched out there in She knew that the odds were a thousand to allowance, and she had several pounds left Sketch, for every nation has a peculiar type of BY CHARLES GARVICE, the bracken; but his eyes were drawn to it as if one that she should ever see him again. She had from last quarter's, so that she was fairly. well loveliness, and to belaud one's own country. . by some hideous fascination. A hundred 'times Author of "Her Heart's Desire ," "In Cu Pid's he muttered to himself: accepted his sacrifice, his relinquishment of her, supplied. Better off, she thought—wincing— woman at the expense of all others is to cut but at the time, because he—and the cynical, stony- than Ralph! She pondered over the question as an insular figure. Yet mid-Continental and East Chains," "Just a Girl," "Nance," "The Out. "His own fault, his own fault! It was in self- hearted Earl—were too many for her. But now, to whether she could retain the money; but as as she thought. it all out in her own room, she it was paid her as a kind of salary, she concluded European ideals of feminine charms differ widely Gnat of the Family," "A Coronet of Shame," eeee defence. . . . If he had not struck me— His own fault; curse him!" grew hot with shame and self-reproach. that she could de so conscientiously. In a small from ours. Adipose tissue, sometimes alarm- ling She was a woman, and she had allowed the bag she .packed a few necessary articles, put on ingly developed, is admired by most Continental . Then a terrible lethargy seemed to be stea peoples, and they openly deride the long, slen- CHAPTER XX. over him, as if he were losing the power to move, der, thin Englishwoman, whom they sometimes Talbot stealthily approached the direction of to leave the pot;s but he fought against it, tried man she loved to sacrifice himself ; had let him her plainest hat and jacket, and drawing a veil go out into the world to fight a well-nigh hope- over her face opened the door and listened. ungallantly describe as a "plank." At a reeent the rank, smouldering tobacco, but in a round- to force himself to realise less fight; had taken the heart out of his bosom Goodwin was moving in the next room; there beauty show on the Continent, two ladies carried about way, so that he described something like that he was in danger— danger of the hangman! and sent him away, friendless poor, all the was no other sound in the great house. With off two of the chief prizes whom we islanders ai.sem.i-eircle,. keeping well behind the trees' and After a time he Succeeded in casting off the , slipping cautiously through the undergrowth. poorer for the loss of that heart'. It was all he her bag in her hand she stole down the stairs, would consider plain and stout; one, indeed, if had and she had stolen it! and noiselessly opened the great door. She one may put one's trust in photographs, was As he did so, his foot struck against some awful apathy. He must think, think! He must I unusually ugly. Thus it is a pleasing thought not remain there, cowering like a coward—must I And while he was struggling and fighting the paused for a moment and looked round the vast, that no descendant of Eve need be plain all the object which gave out a metallic sound, and, not wait to be caught in these shambles. What should he do ? The man was dead. Well, well, 1 ' unequal fight, the forlorn hope, she was to dim hall. She had been proud of it, proud of world over, for if she cannot find admirers in thinking he had dropped his match-box, he stooped remain at the Court, lapped in luxury and every inch of the stately old house- but that France or Finland she may be vastly appre- and felt about amongst the bracken. To his he thought impatiently, as if he were striving 1 slothful ease. She was a pretty kind of woman! kind of pride had died. The place had assumed dated elsewhere; while if (as is the case) the surprise his hand came in contact with a knife. to work out a formula, when a man was dead he 1 Why, she was a disgrace to her sex. As she the likeness of a prison, a gilded, but a shameful Japanese think a strapping, aquiline-nosed girl He picked it up and felt it over. It was open, had to be buried. Yes, yes—buried! That was I pictured the days, the life she must lead in that one; and she left it without a pang. a monstrosity, she has only to come to London and the blade was sharp and pointed at the end. it, of course! He must have been mad not to think of that at once! ! great, stately house with its palatial rooms, its The cool air met her and lent her fresh to be acclaimed as a young Diana. The English- He had read of a bowie knife, and it occurred She went down the broad steps, and ' army of servants, with. for sole companion, the courage. man's preference for lean and long young women to him that this was one. He closed the blade ' I proud, heartless old Man who had stepped in was, crossing the l f the high road, when e awn or e i is, indeed, one of his most striking characteristics, slowly and noiselessly, and slipped the knife into He drew himself up with a shudder and looked ; round. Gibbon was almost as still as the dead : and wrecked her life's happiness with a few she remembered her horse. She loved the faith- DRESS FOR THE HOME. • the outer pocket of his dress-overcoat; then he man, and he held his breath as he watched and i cynical phrases, her spirit rose in revolt. Surely ful, devoted animal, and knew that it would fret For this home dress a soft, clinging material crept on. Presently a rift in the clouds revealed ; waited. He knew what was passing in his no true woman could be so base, so thankless for after her. It would only take her a minute or should be used, such as voile or cashmere. It the figure of the man, Oatway. master's mind as well as if it were an open , a good man's love; as to spensl b:er days like a two to say "good-bye." He had slipped from the felled tree and was lap-dog, while her lover went out into the desert , She went to the stables and to the loose box would make up prettily in reseda-green cash- • . , • Vine with his head and arm on the trunk. He book ; indeed, the white, livid face was eloquent h f t; of despair! ; where Sally was luxuriousy housed, and the mere. The full bodice has a deep yoke of Irish 0 . was in a heavy andrunken sleep, ant was ; h d "I enough or anyone o read. Talbot, with his teeth set, his eyes glaring 1 She felt that she could not appear at dinner, mare priefted up her ears and "breathed" as she lace, which shews beneath the narrow strap of breathing stertorously ; close beside him lay thepossessed him stole towards with the horror thati could not face the Earl with his half lowered, heard her mistress's footsteps. Veronica put her Teseda-green glace that connects the wider straps . : pipe, with the tobacco that had fallen from it "t 11. . still smouldering in the bracken. Instinctively the body, but as he approached iis courage 1 scornful, and watchful eyes, the keen regard of arm round the proudly-arched neck and lovingly Talbot set his foot upon it and *extinguished the vile-smelling embers. . failed him. He could not look again until he ! had found some place in which toe 1 e t. He h d 1 looked round. At a little distance was one of Talbot Denby, so she had sent the excuse of a stroked the satin nose. Sally nibbled playfully headache, and spent the dinner hour over a cup . at .her mistresss sleeve, and Veronica drew the .of tea, sweetened by the bitterness of her sleek head down and whispered a "good-bye." *ei . Then he stood with his hands in his pocket those pits which gamekeepers dig for purposes of , thoughts. : "I'm sorry to leave you, 'Sally," she murmured; and looked down at the sleeping man. What an concealment when they are watching for game or 1 I Now, your true woman never thinks in vain; "but lam going to one who loves me better than irony of fate that he, Talbot Denby, the next poachers. Near it stood a pile of faggots which : and presently Veronica discovered two facts— even you do!' Earl of Lynborough, should be in the hands of had been thrown there years ago and would, in I first, that she could not live without Ralph; and, i The thought gave a fillip to her resolution, this wretch, this ruffianly sot—that a word from the ordinary course, probably remain in the ! second, that she must see him before he went, : and she left the stable and walked boldly across those brutal lips should be sufficient to ruin a same spot until they rotted. Talbot went and ,if only to tell him that she could not exist the park towards the station. There was, as life of usefulness and honour! For that was the looked at the pit. It was not deep enough. Ho ; without him, and—and—oh! could she go so far she knew, an early market train that morning, way Mr. Talbot Denby put it to himself. came back and hunted for the knife found it, las to beg him to take her with him? i and when she ascended to the platform there The man was in so deep, so drunken a sleep and began to dig a't the bottom of the hole,but ' e 1 While she was pondering the problem Goodwin . were half-a-dozen or so farmers and farmers' that Talbot was almost tempted to stir him with he soon convinced himself that it would take too 1 came up from the servants' hall with some lace ' wives, with their baskets, covered by snowy his foot, as one is tempted to stir a sleeping long to deepen the pit with so ineffectual a tool. in her hand 1 cloths on their arms. They were far too well 'reptile; and, indeed, he did draw nearer and He rose, struck a match, and looked at his watch, 1 . "I've had the misfortune to upset some coffee bred to show any surprise at the presence, at raise his foot. Then suddenly an idea flashed then got his cap, and set off with something over this collar, miss," she said. "I think if I that early hour, of the young mistress of the across his mind. The man was sleeping so heavily, between a ritn and a walk through the wood in i were to take it to Mrs. Mason at once, she in4ght Court, and Veronica nodded to them generally might it not be possible to take the papers from the direction of the Court. Ibe able to get it out; she's very clever at such : and spoke to one or two quite easily,as if it were him without disturbing him? ‘ Gibbon lay quite still until the souno. of nig I things." " I not at all extraordinary for her to be travelling But the thought of touching the man with his master's footsteps had died away, then he rose 1 Veronica gave her permission to go; and the by so early a train. hand was so repugnant to Talbot that he put the and, walking gingerly, approached the corpse. coast was thus left clear for Veronica; ,she could , Without thinking of the cost she took a first- idea from him; but it came back to him after a 1 The upturned face with its sightless eyes was I steal down to the hut and see Ralph, and—the class carriage and, of course, had it to herself. Without the papers the fellow would enough to strike terror into the flintiest heart, moment. ' rest must be left to chance. She waited until Not until the train had started did she realise be, if not harmless, at least at a disadvantage in I but Gibbon looked down at it unmoved and un- 'Goodwin had been gone half-an-hour, then threw ' that she had left her life of luxury fot ever, and Making terms. No doubt he would attach the I touched. .He was not thinking of the durdered a golf-cape over her shoulders, and drew the t that once more she had engaged in the old illiterate man's usual undue importance to them. I man, but the murderer, and his soul was steeped , hood over her head. If she should be seen she struggle for her daily bread. But no! for was It looked so easy to abstract them that the iin malignant satisfaction. Suddenly he remem- would probably be mistaken for one of the maids. she not going to join Ralph, going to help him ; temptation grew as Talbot looked down at him 1 bered-that Mr. Talbot was trying to steal some- As she went she tried to rehearse what she in the struggle? And how different, how very I • and became irresistible. Noiselessly, he moved thing when the man awoke and the struggle ; w,euid sae yto Ralph: but she might as well have different a thing that was! She laughed softly . slowly, inch by inch, nearer, and, kneeling down, I began. What was it? As gingerly as he had' spared herself the trouble, for in answer to her, and blushed as she thought of how he would . stretched out his hand towards the rough fustian I walked, he knelt down, opened the coat, and saw : , the pocket-book. I knock it was Burchett who bade her "come in " ; look, what he would say when she found him, pocket; but, as he touched it, Oatway snored . 1 and, entering somewhat hurriedly, she saw that when she put her hands in his and said: and moved his head. Talbot's hand flew back, He reflected for a moment he was alone. . . . Mr. "I have followed you Ralph, because I find but he held it ready, and, as the man did not Talbot would be back presently—he knew that— -1 1 awake, he approached the coat again and gently and would/miss the book. Well, he would think 1 He rose at her entrance, and stood gravely that I cannot live without ' waiting for her to address him. you. Please take me! . . . . . . . . it had dropped out during the struggle. •As 1 "I—l left something behind me in the arbour Talbot rose as the dressing-bell rang. He had drew it back, discovering the pocket. , and delicately as Talbot could have done it, Gibbon this afternoon," she said, with a mixture of lain awake staring at the wall on which, as if He could see the edge of the pocket-book the sight of it increased his eagerness. With drew out the pocket-book and transferred it to 1 : pride and humility. She thought: "It was my they were painted by a relentless fiend, had strained nerves and trembling fingers he delicately his own pocket; then he went back to his old , heart I left ! " "Do you know, did—Ralph say passed the lurid pictures of the incidents ill the opened the mouth of the pocket, took hold of Place, and, making himself comfortable—quite . that he had found anything, a—a bracelet? " wood. The face of the murdered man glared at the edge of the book, and was drawing it out comfortable—waited. He had not long to wait. 1 "No miss," replied Burchett, "he did not." him from that wall, the echo of hie death-cry slowly and cautiously when Oatway stirred, Talbot had gone to a tool-shed at the end of the I "Where—where is he ? " asked Veronica, sounded in the tick of the ormolu clock on the garden, and he came back, running now, with yawned heavily, and opened his bloodshot eyes. ' trying to speak with indifference and to keep the mantelshelf. over the shoulders. These straps are bordered, a spade over his shoulder. Working with the For a moment he did not clearly see the aching misery from her voice, though she knew He would like to have kept to his room, to as far as the waist-line, with wide bands of lece figure kneeling in front of him', but the light feverish haste and demoniacal energy of a gold- i that it looked out from the eyes which she kept have avoided, for a space, the eyes of his fellow- to match the yoke. They are stitched at the happened to become better, and Oatway saw who digger, he deepened ... the pit, paused to wipe the edge, and are continued in long stole ends to the , almost concealed by the hood. men; but he knew that any divergence from his hem of the skirt. Some buttons of graduated it was, saw the white hand at his pocket, and, sweat from his livid face, then went towards the "He has gone," replied Burchett. usual habits might excite remark and therefore be size are covered with reseda velvet and arranged knowing instinctively what it meant, sprang to corpse. "Gone? Do you mean gone away? Where? " dangerous, so he put on his dressing-gown and. in groups on the shoulders and on the mitred his feet with an oath and threw himself upon He lifted it with' the strength with which a He shook his head. 'I don't know for rang for Gibbon. points of the straps. The sleeves are finished Talbot, who, not having* had time to rise, went madman is credited, and lowered it into the pit, certain, miss," he said, grimly. "I don't think Gibbon came in, noiseless, respectful as usual, with long lace cuffs to the wrists, the fulness of down. looked at the knife for a moment, then dropped . .he knows himself. He left in sore trouble "—he and just glanced momentarily at his master's the upper part being divided by a narrow strap "You thief!" cried Oatway, hoarsely, with ait on the top of the body. After he had covered , I raised his eyes to her face for a moment, then white face. of glace. the body and filled in the pit he set to work at . torrent of oaths. "You'd steal the papers,. bent them on the floor again—"in sore trouble. "The bath is ready, sir." It was the COMING FASHIONS, the pile of faggots, tearing at them with . would you! You'd creep on a man when he's They say that hearts don't break nowadays; but ordinary formula, but he pronounced it more Although these are early days to predict the a-takin' his rest, his honest sleep, and rob him! hysterical fury, and piled them over the grave, if they do, then--" meekly, tonelessly than ever. coming fashions, I hear, says a World writer, I'll teach you!" His strength still seemed superhuman and A sob escaped her, strive how she would to "Thanks," said Talbot. He looked round as that in Paris there is no doubt that the crinoline, He dealt Talbot two or three heavy blows, and Gibbon noticed that this delicate, dilettante check it. Gibbon collected the evening things. "I'm but in a modified form, is to be revived, as well attempted to hold him down with his knee. The master of his lifted and carried the heavy He stepped, and with rough delicacy turned afraid you will find my clothes and boots in ai what was originally known as the dress- blows maddened Talbot, and, swearing almost as bundles of N4ood as if they were of straw. When aside. rather a bad state, Gibbon. I got into a rough improver or bustle. Indeed, the best couturieres vilely as the man, he wriggled from under the he had finished this part of hie task, Talbot set "Do—do you know if he had any money ? " she bit of the woods last night and stumbled. You are putting steels in their skirts and underskirts knee and managed to get to his feet. , For a to work and arranged the bracken, and so asked when she could command her voice. Her may keep them for yourself and get me some new to make them stand out at the desired angle, second or so the two men stood glaring at each successfully that an unobservant eye would not hand was pressed hard against her heaving bosom ones." and if not carried to excess it will be far more other; then Oatway went for Talbot again. But have de' .3cted that any of it had been disturbed. as if her own heart were threatening to break.- I Gibbon eyed the still earth-estesizieti --elealiee- comfortable in bad weather to have the skirt Talbot was prepared for the attack. The ' Gibbon saw him stop suddenly and "Yes," said Burchett. "His wages and—and a under his lids with a gleam of satisfaction. ' kept .well away from the feet. Skirts will be very He had never distinguished himselfgreatly very start. He had • remembered the pocket-book! little morn." '‘Thank you, sir," he said, gratefully. "Am I full at the hem, but for walking costumes fit-He had buried it with the corpse! His face t the 'Varsity Sports, b a . e but there are some" Which you gave him ? " she said, with a et, e-e up to town this morning? " ting Over the hips, a necessary foundation forworked, h• is eyes grew distended with the horrot the long three-quarter coats which the late things one learns at public schools and collegeswoman's quick intuition. "That—that was good "Eh ? Oh, I don't know," replied Tenet. chilly weather has made much en evidence, which lie dormant, so to speak, until they are f f • d doubt, then h o fear an en e drew a long breath, of you, Burchett! But you—you liked him ? " "Better stay, perhaps. I may go up myself Some of these coats are fitting at the back and called for. One may forget one's Latin and .0 After all, it was for the best. At any rate, he "Yes, I liked him," he said. "I'd grown to some time to-day and may need you." • semi-fitting in front, the sleeves are almost tight- Greek, but the bonne and wrestling remain, could not—he could not f—dig the body up again, like him too well to see him as he was without "Yes, sir," said Gibbon, with profound fitting, and when worn open a smart waistcoat is Talbot etrtick out with his left, and caught his ' He straightened his hack, aching with the being sorry for him." respect. And he carried out the clothes and seen. A very fashionable coat, reaching to the opponent e n the ja,w, and Oatway staggered and unusual exertion, and looked down at himself. "Oh, if he had stayed!" broke from her as if packed them unbrushed and exactly as they weie knees, has the sleeve cut in one with the coat, seemed about to go down; but the trunk- of a tree His hands were stained with earth and blood, she could not help it. "Burchett "—her voice in the bottom of his own box. while another—and • this is a favourite form—has There was a red mark on his, cuff and on his saved him, and, pulling himself together, he faltered and broke—"l—am to blame. No, I Talbot went down to breakfast. Veronica was a long pointed handkerchief-shaped skirt, the shirt front; his evening shoes were scratched and made for Talbot with the rush of a bull.cannot tell you, but—but if you can help me not in the room. points also nearly ,reaching the knees.' Talbot's arm shot out agin, but Oatway dodged dirtied. He regarded these evidences of his crime find where he has gone; if you could send him a "Miss Veronica not clown yet ?" he asked. USEFUL COAT AND SKlRT.with a kind of dogged despair, and drew a long message! Do you think you can ? " The tears "No, sir," replied the butler, "not yet. She the blow, and throwing his arms round Talbot _ _ _ end her voice. 'breakfast in her room. I'll send to inquire." _ __ _

This practical coat-and-skirt costume is suit- able for hopsack or fine serge; or, if intended for smart occasions, it could be carried out in dark-green faced cloth. The skirt is a simple, well-gored shape, turned up at the hem • with a double row of stitching. The coat is semi-fitting, and is given a slightly short-waisted affect by

_ tried to bring him to the ground ;ibut Talbot had got his feet well apart and was able not only to hold his ground, but to get a good grip. They swayed this way and that, firmly locked, their faces so close that Talbot, with a sickening sense of loathing, could feel on his cheek the man's horrible breath, see his bloodshot eyes glaring into his own. It was a terrible struggle, one that looked as if it were for life or death; and Gibbon from his place behind a tree watched it w:th a sinister enjoyment. He was )being compensated for years of insolence. He expected every moment to see his master go under; but, strangely enough, Talbot seemed able to hold his own ; and Gibbon'senjoyment was beginning to ,be marred by disappointment, when Oatway managed to thtust his leg between Talbot's, and Gibbon drew a long breath as Talbot went down and Oatway, losing his balance, fell on top of him. Gibbon seated himself at the foot of the tree, and, peep- ing round, watched and waited for the denouement with a satisfaction no longer alloyed. ' Talbot, half stunned by the fall and the weight of his assailant's body, lay quite still for a time, and Oatway, presumably w.th the idea of making his victory doubly sure, struck the pro,trate man a cruel blow on the head. The blow seemed-to have an effect contrary to that which Outway had intended, for it roused Taibot's blood. He wriggled one side of himself free, his hand slid• in a stealthy fashion to his pocket and fumbled there, and a moment afterwards Oatway sprang upwards with a sharp, guttural cry, clapped one hand to his side, and, beating the air with the other, fell forward on his face as if he had been —stabbed! In his amazement at this sudden change in the performance which he had been enjoying so hugely, Gibbon rose and, took a step forward; then he changed his mind, and, sinking down at full length; Fay quite still, his head raised just sufficiently above the bracken to pedinit him to see the conclusion of the drama. As Oatway fell, Talbot got to his feet and stood, staggering, the knife red now !—still grasped in his hand. For awhile he stood panting heavily, his .eyes fixed straight before him, as if he were still only half conscious of what had occurred; then his eye 3 fell on the Imotionless figure at his feet, his white face went livid, and his mouth worked convulsively. He . looked from the knife to the still form with its hands clutching the bracken, its hideous face; all drawn .and distorted, faintly sliewing, and back again to the knife. He could scarcely rea7isi it. Had he really stabbed the wretch? He had felt for the knife, opened it, dealt the blow, mechanically. He must have hurt the man— perhaps seriously. A nuisance! There would be a—a fuss now! The brute deserved it, of course— but the consequences! He must get him up, bring him to, help him home. He went to Oatway and stirred him with his foot. • "Get up!" he said, hoarsely. "Don't lie there —shamming. Get up! You brought it on your- sAf—you struck me, you fool!" The man did not move, and Talbot, with a mixture of irritation and disgust, bent down and turned him over. In doing so he saw a deep, wet stain on the side of the figure. He shrank back and glanced at his hands—they were wet— red! He bent lower, looked hard at the face-- how white it was, how still and—and calm !—then thrust his hand inside the waistcoat. , The next instant he had started to his feet with a low cry. Great Heavens! It was incredible, but—but the man was dead! He felt for the heart again, felt through the blood that had welled from the wound. There was no movement. The man was dead. and

breath. a-- were ca her eyes And in ..._ __a. may "He's clever, but how'll he get 'em clean ? " Burchett shook his head gloomily. "No, Miss Talbot helped himself to the dish offered and thought Gibbon, and he grinned. "What will he Veronica. He said something about Australia: endeavoured to eat, but his throat felt so parched do with 'em ? " but he may clangs his mind. And as to a and sore that every morsel of food he tried to Talbot threw himself down at the foot of a message--" he shook his head again. "No, I've , swallow threatened to choke him. He drank half tree and covered his face with his hands. He no means of doing so; and, if I had—" a cup of tea and made another effort, but was worn out, , exhausted, body and mind and .1 He paused significantly, and the blood rushed presently he pushed his plate aside and began to spirit. He had committed a murder, and dis- to her face. open his letters. posed of the body in so short a time that a jury , "You wouldn't? Ah, but you don't under- While he was doing so Gibbon came into the would have founa it difficult to credit the per- stand! And I can't tell you! Good-night,"—she room. formanee ; and now the reaction was setting in. paused still—"l'm—l'm glad you liked him and "His lordship would like to see you, sir," he For some minut Is he remained absolutely motion- gave him the money, Burchett. Good-Aht I" mid. less; but he rose at last, and, shouldering his . She had gone before he could speak, and, with •ralbot started and looked up at the man's spade, went slowlY; not hurriedly, towards the the rough delicacy he had already displayed, he pale, impassive face. "Like to see—what is it, Court, as if, now the tension was relaxed, he did not follow her to the door. what ?—I mean certainly, certainly! had become indifferent. She walked quickly through the clearing Gibbon, with respectfully, bent head and Gibbon waited for a while, then he also rose and had gained the spinney adjoining the lowered eyes, opened the door, and Talbot went from his lair, and running, but stealthily, lawn when she heard footsteps. She stopped, up the stairs to the Earl's room. The Earl was reached the house. and her hand went up to her cloak and drew sitting up in bed, an open letter in his hand. Talbot cleaned the spade carefully and placed it more closely round her as she stepped behind "Good-morning, Talbot," he said, in a dry it in the shed in the position in which he had a bush. The footsteps were crossing the voice. "I am sorry to disturb you at breakfast, found it, then stole across the garden and up to lawn, and presently she saw Talbot's tall, but something has happened." his room. thin figure emerge frOm the shadows. It Talbot's face went from a death white to a Mention has been made of the "chilliness" of did not seem to her at all extraordinary that he livid hue. "Something—something happened ? " the Denby family. Talbot inherited it, and a fire should be taking an after-dinner stroll, and, he echoed hoarsely. , was always ready laid in his room. He was waiting until he had Passed, she went on, The Earl eyed him with cold surprise.. "Yes.. chilled to the bone, and when he entered the I skirting the spinney and keeping out of sight. You aaeem agitated. Do you know anything room he mechanically looked at the fireplace, as The luxury of- her room, the rich furniture, . about it, may I ask ? " mechanically took out his matchbox, and, the finicking and ' costly knickknacks, the , ." I ! 1! How should I? " said Talbot, quickly. lighting the fire, draw a chair to it and cowered expensive piano, the water-colours and richly- and with an attempt at dignity. "I went to bid over it. bound books, jarred upon her overwrought quite early last .night. Gibbon could tell you He saw the dead man's face in the flames, senses. Yes, she was a lap-dog, a sybarite; ‘ the hour—no, I sent him to bed, I, remember. heard his death cry—that awful .("low-bred while Ralph, the man who loved her, was a I--I-- What is it, sir ? " mongrel" cry—in tke crackling and hissing of wanderer on the face of the earth. Pride! i The Earl's eyes were fixed on him with cold the wood. When lie had got warmer he began Where was her pride if she could endure such a' scrutiny. "It is not very important," he said, to undress. The dead—his dead !—was still with 'life of selfish ease? No pampered slave could calmly. "It is only that Veronica has left the him, and he felt as if he were unclothing a own less pride, be more sordid than she—if she Court." oorpse. He caught sight of the red spots on his consented to accept Ralph's sacrifice, and went , Talbot stared at him in a stupified way, and shirt-front and cuffs, and he stood still, his heart on living at the Court. 1 yet -kind of relief in his face. with a beating thickly. In another moment the shirt - Without waiting for Goodwin she undressed "Veronica—left—the Court!" was on the fire. herself and went to bed. But she could not "For Heaven's sake don't repeat my words like As he watched it burning there came a knock i sleep, for there was a kind of fever, the fever of a parrot!" said the Earl, not angrily, but with at the door. His heart seemed to cease beating ' self-dissatisfaction, of self-reproach added to her icy contempt. "It is as I state—she has gone. and his knees shook together. He slipped on his heartache at the loss of Ralph, and she .tosSed She left this morning, or last night—l do not dressing-gown, and, going to the door opened it. to and fro reStl64sly. Suddenly she noticed the know; this morningl should say. This letter, Gibbon' stood there, respectful as usual, but smell of fire' as if clothes were burning. She sat with her jewel-ease, the presents I made - her, with a slightly anxious look in his colourless up and listened, and heard a door stealthily were on the dressing-table. eyes. • ' opened. Was the house on fire? She rose and . He glanced at the letter. "Beg pardon, sir," he said, passively, "but I opened her own door slightly, and heard the few "She expresses herself plainly, at is an thought I noticed a smell of burning. . words that passed between Talbot and his man. , admirably composed letter. I will not read it Talbot distorted his face into a smile. "Burn- ,As before, when she had seen Talbot in the to you-1 am a bad reader and should not do it ins ? Oh, yes. I.Was wakeful, and 1 have been grounds, it did not seem to her extraordinary that justice. To summarise it, she says that she is soing through my correspondence, Gibbon. 'he should be burning things at that time of night. tired of a life of dependence, and has resigned it I've been burning some letters; that is what He was fond of hard work, and, when at the in favour of one of—l think she says, honest and you smelt, no doubt." I Court, often sat up late writing or reading. She self-respecting toil." "Quite so, sir," said Gibbon, respectfully. ! went back to her bed satisfied with Talbot's "Why did she go ? " asked Talbot, who had "I beg your pardon, sir. I hope I haven't dis- , explanation, and lay with wide-open eyes recovered his presence of mind by this time. turbed you?" ' recalling Ralph's face, Ralph's voice. The dawn' , The Earl shrugged his shoulders. "Does it "No, not at all, Gibbon," responded Talbot, came and as the birds began to sing her raaaery, 1 matter? Women's reasons are seldom of much with an amiability as marked as it was strange. accentuated by her sleepless night, became importance. She has gone, and that is sufficient. "Burnt 'em! But he can't burn everything,' unendurable without some action. She would go Of course I alter my will. It is only fair to you said Gibbon as he went back to his room. "I-Ae down to breakfast presently—the breakfast with that, Veronica having left the Court—and me— sa.n't burn everything ! s and he patted hie its numerous dishes its elaborate service, the you should have Wayneford and my fortune." breast coat pocket, in which lay the grimy pocket-. stately attendance Of the butler and footman— , falbot'a face flushed and his eyes gleamed. bcok for which Mr. Talbot Denby had committed would have to live through the day—ah, Heaven! al—l_______" he stammered. , murder. ' how many days—in hopeless watching, with no "Oh, no thanks, please," said the Earl, coldly, ____ ' news of Ralph, no assurance that he was even as he sank on to the pillows. "At least, if you , . - CHAPTER XXI. alive. . feel grateful to anyone, let it be to Veronica 1 I "I cannot, 1, cannot ! " she said to herself, who has, so to speak, resigned them to you. If Veronica 'had been in love with Ralph between her clen'ehed teeth. "I should die of May I ask you to be so good'as to send my man before, she was ten times more in love with him shame, of the ignominy of such a life. Why, the to me ? " now. As she paced slowly, up and down her old one would be better!" • Talbot went outside, the blood surging through room, forgetting her late sprain, she told She stopped, her heart suddenly arrested by a his veins. Surely his star was in the ascendant? herself that no man had ever behaved more thought born of her words. Why not cast off That vile wretch Oatway was gone, Veronica unselfishly, heroically. He had looked like a this existence of dependence, of slavish luxury, dethroned, and he, Talbot, was master' of the knight of old, sacrificing self at the altar of and go back to the old life? Better still, why • aituation ! He laughed noiselessly, but the laugh his love; he had spoken words that always force not follow Ralph and join him? The idea sent died on his lips as he met Gibbon on the stairs. a woman's admiration and devotion. • His voice the blood rushing through her veins and the light , "Send his lordship's man to him," he said. rang in her ears, sentences here and there to her eyes, aching with unshed tears. The i And Gibbon, drawing close to the wall to allow haunted her, filling her with pride for him one chill, grey vista opened, and 1-lope shone like a his master to pass, lowered his eyes and inur- moment and causing her misery the next. ~ star at the end of it. To find Ralph, to see him Inured as usual, quite as usual: Because she, Veronica Denby, of the world again! ' "Yes, sir." worldly, knew that flame world too well to deceive Sha sprang out of bed and began to dress I herself. The poor lover who leaves his mistress herself. In one of the wardrobes still hung the I plain. ready - made serge dress in which she ;

the 'curved straps of the material, which are joined at each side with straps over the shoul- ders. The coat fastens in tho centre with three large buttons, and the revers are faced with vel- vet, outlined with a narrow stitched strap ef cloth. The sleeves are of medium size, the slight fulness being arranged in a few tacks where they join the close-fitting cuffs. The hat is of coars green straw, and is trimmed with a large bow of green velvet

(To be continued.)

e 74. ,04' .• .e. ( ~ . Si. i / . 1.) '...... , ~.'''.....: \ \ I . ..... ,f \\\ \\ , j . I \ % A. ' ... ... . . el,- - • ~ • * ' • i . \'‘,'.,,', ,

' k , t 'NV

\\\\

o 0

,-esArilig_ ii,,,,,,,„,,A , 4,(2,„..,„:„.„., ---*\...,.4074-,,,ie.i „,, :. fm-.,. ,- (.6: sit--4--"\----- ' ......, ~/1.; 1,, ,r, ..., __i_____,,.:.: , ..1/1 ) (f1:1; IA 4, :if . ,I !I; 1 '' , 4 . 111.. , ~,,,•\ . \ . , i \ \Nii, .1 . \) 1/ I 1 t '..`.:4. ),?:,,,:' .. 1 0 - \ ''.4 --. - - ---: 1' %.-:-.:::' i,''l 11 \\...„ . • j•kill ' . 'll .. 0 ~..., , .0, .r! --. . e=i,„ ==.7,,,---- ~._, -,--.......!.. Wipe-- ~..----

===== 0002601_19070921_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
CORSETS AND FIGURES

Of all silly discussions, that, surely, on tight- lacing has been most foolish, declares the Lady's Pictorial. No one excuses extremely tigh

lacing, but it is quite another matter to con- demn the use of corsets, and the most mistake% policy in the world for mothers to let their daughters encourage " natural " waists. One has grown almost weary of saying that women in all ages have kept their figures under control. :Ind that no woman without a well-defined waist lboks attractive; but distorting the figure by such means as have been suggested in some of the letters contributed to this silly-season corre- spondence is. ridiculous and unnecessary, a well- cut corset giving.' both beauty and suppiart the figure.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

MUSHROOM SOUP.—Mix together half a pint each of milk and cream, and pour into a double ooiler. Rub a tablespoonful of flour and the ame quantity by weight of butter together, and when the milk and cream are nearly boiling, stir thorn in, working the whole together as quickly as possible. Peel half a pound of fresh mush- ruorns anti cnop teem nneiy. our mem into uni .-aucepan, adding rather less than a teaspoon- ful of finely-chopped parsley, and contipue boil- in,g for fifteen or twenty minutes. Then remove, eta in a deaeortepoonful of eherry, awl gene at 010,0f0.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

ft

===== 0002601_19070921_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
AUTUMN RHEUMATISM.

An Obstinate Enemy. A Lady crippled and tortured Finds New, Good Blood and a complete Cure in

===== 0002601_19070921_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
DR.WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS

Our uncertain climate is -responsible for many ail meats, of which few entail more suffering than Rheumatism. Yet the fact is not fully recognised that Rheumatism's acute agonies are the result of a vitiated condition of the Blood and only when the veins are replenished with new good blood can the poisons causing Rheumatism be driven out of the system. The one great remedy capable of building up and purifying the blood is Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People ; and the manner in which they cure Rheumatism is illustrated in the case of Mrs. Rooney, 51, Hayes-street, Haslingden, Lancs. "In spite of warm clothing during changeable weather, I was attacked by Acute Rheumatism," she said, "and it threatened to ruin my constitution. The , pains began in my hands, and gradually spread to my , feet. All my joints became inflamed, and pains shot ! through my limbs and muscles day and night, I nearly driving me mad. I couldn't work, and I ' couldn't sleep. Indeed, I could nnt even bear the weight of bedclothes upon my body. My hands , became so contracted that

I was crippled in every finger. Then my digestion was affected, and food

caused sharp pains through my chest and back. The least change in the weathe

increased the tortures o

Rheumatism, and every draught punished me. "I fought bard with every

meals in my power to con quer the Rheumatism, atir besides taking medicine

applied powe-rful embrocl tions, but nothing gave hoi of the least improvement.lll breathing became difficull and the least excitemen

caused my heart to palpitate All her joints inflamed with distressingly, while all myheumatism ; cured strength vanished. R by Dr. Williams' Pink .Pills. "Friends then advised me to take a course of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and I bought some, though I had no hope of ever being well agaiu. To my joy I found this wonderful medicine gradually restoring my strength. After the third box I was well on the way to health, and after the sixth box I felt a tingling through my veins, and a comfortable warmth all over my body. I slept well at night, and food no longer caused indigestion. My breathing was easy, and as I continued Dr. Williams' Pink Pills the inflammation left me, my joints grew supple, and every trace of Rheumatism vanished. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cleared my veins of all the poisons of Rheumatism and gave me rich, pure blood." Not only Rheumatism but all diseases resulting from bad or impoverished blood have been cured repeatedly by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People ; they are invaluable in Anemia,' General Weakness, Indigestion, Eczema, Sciatica, Neuralgia, Nervous Disorders, Paralysis and Ladies' Ailments. Sold at shops (but take care that the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, is on every package) or direct from the British Depot, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, post free for 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes for 13s. 9d. An I illustrated pamphlet describing many cures will be sent I post free on application to above address.

.r j: UPI-,..1);10;7711, Ld y ' It, 2_ -

===== 0002601_19070921_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
REVISING THE LISTS.

Courts in the Rural Districts.

GRAPPENHALL.

Mr. Clement Elphinstone Lloyd, revising barrister attended at the Large Room, Grappenhall, on Tuesday morning to revise the voters list for the Grappenhalt polling district, which includes Grappenhall, Latchford Without, and that part of Warrington which is within the geographical county of Chester. Mr. Joseph Smith represented the Libezals, and Mr. George Dhckworth, assisted by Mr. J. H. Dean. the Conservatives. The assistant overseers present were:—Messrs. C. H. Hoult representing Grappenhall; J. Smith. Latchford With- out ; and H. Lawrence (for Mr. W. H. Woodcock), Warrington. There was only a small attendance of the public, including the Vicar (Rev. NH. V. Pigot). The bnsiness was mainly of a routine characthr. Arthur Dam., .o. of Mr. A. T. DaMti, Knutsford-road, Grappenhall, applied for a lodger vote. Mr. Smith : Is he over 21? Mr. Hoult : Yes.—Mr. Duckworth : We had one applicant aged 72 last year.—Mr. Smith : We cannot be too careful about these juniors.—The vote was allowed.—Mr. Duckworth made two owner- ship claims for Latchford Without,which were allowed. Five similar claims for Grappenhall were made by Mr. Smith, and four were allowed.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

In the afternoon NTT% Lloyd held Fa court at tile Hall Cafe Stockton Heath, for the revision of the lists for Stockton Heath, Appleton and Stratton. Lower Walton and Higher Walton. Messrs. Duckworth, Dean, and H. J. Westbrook appeared for the Conservatives, and Mr. Joseph Smith for the Liberals. The follovving assistant overseers were present :—Mr. E. Bradshaw, Stockton Heath ; Mr. S. Ellison, Appleton and Stratton ; Mr. Joseph Whitefleld, Lower Walton ; and Mr. Alfred Monsdale, Higher Walton. For Stockton Heath there were 1S claims and 9 objections; Appleton and Stretton, S claims and one objection ; Lower Walton, 4 claims ' and no objections. There were no claims or objections for Higher Walton. There was no business of public interest.

A cablegram has just been received by Nressrx. Lipton Limited, City-road, London, to the effect that they have been awarded gold medal for tea at the Berlin Exhibition.

OD

===== 0002601_19070921_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_19070921_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
PIANOS & ORGANS

All the Best Makers.

LOWEST TERMS FOR CASET.

GENEROUS TERMS FOR EASY PAYMENTS

OLD INSTRUMENTS TAKEN IN EXCHANGE.

RICHMOHD JiThE & SONS, 11 & 13 BERRY STREET, Top of Bold Street, LIVERPOOL.

WRITE OR CALL FOR ILLUSTRATED

===== 0002601_19070921_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
CATALOGUE

===== 0002601_19070921_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
.

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

LADY LINDSAY'S PAYING GUEST.

BY ROBERT H. SHERARD, Author of "The Iron Cross," "Whispers," "Jaeob Niemand," "A Bartered Honour," "The Ghost's Revenge," "At the Closed Door," Ste.

"Those Sarsaparilla people haven't lost any time in retaliating, I see. A Sarsaparilla yacht is to cruise on the lake all through the summer, and when at moorings is to lie at Waterhead, just opposite Crusoe's Island. I can imagine Lady Lindsay's feelings, can't you ?—stuck-up Old thing!" It was a Miss Gordon who brought this piece of news, and the announcement of it seemed%to give great pleasure to the ladies assembled at the At Home where the words were uttered. "Though what she has got to be so conceited about," continued Miss Gordon—who was an old maid of great asperity of countenance—"l have never been able to discover. Her husband was only a paltry knight, and--" "Oh, come, Miss Gordon," interrupted a kindly- looking old lady. "You mustn't speak of the late Sir Harold Lindsay like that. He was one of our greatest travellers, and his book on Thibet--" "Yes; we all know about his book on Thibet," said Miss Gordon with a sneer. "Unfortunately, it's quite out Of date since Landor and Sven Hedin, and I have seen remaindered copies of it offered at two-and-sixpence in the booksellers' catalogues. Admitting that he was a very wonderful traveller, and that he wrote well, that doesn't give Lady Lindsay any right to hold herself so superior to all of us. lam sure that there are better families than hers in the Lake District. Why, here in Ambleside-- And after all, she is comparatively a newcomer amongst us, and so what right has she to make such a fuss about these advertisements? It seems to me that these Sarsaparilla people are entitled to advertise their wares in any way that seems to them most advantageous, and that if we, who have been born and bred here, can put up with it it is no business of hers. Of course," she added, with a titter, "I know that the stuff is advertised as supreme for the complexion,' and that she may take for a personal allusion." "Was it ever proved, by the way:' asked one of the ladies, "that Maud Lindsay did pull down that big board on the Waterhea,d-road ? I knosv that she was suspected of doing so." "No," said Miss Gordon; "aid it's a good thing for Miss Lindsay that it could not be proved. I hear that the agent wafi furious, and said that he would spare no expense to bring the guilt home to the offender. If it was Miss Lindsay, she has only cut off her nose to spite her face for now she has got a Sarsaparilla yacht at anchor outside her house—and a very hideous thing it is too, I must say." "It must be all the more annoying to the Lindsays," said another lady, "because they have got another paying guest—a Mr. Brown I believe his name is. A young fellow down from Oxford." "Ah, yes, I had forgotten about Lady Lindsay's paying guests," said Miss Gordon. "There's another reason why she should not put on such airs. When one turns one's home into a kind of boarding-house—" "Not a bad idea," said the lady who had mentioned Mr. Brown's name, "when you have grown-up daughters on your hands. Young men from Oxford are often susceptible, and there's no denying that Maud is a very pretty girl. A Tomboy, if you like, but decidedly attractive. I was quite surprised that it didn't come off with • Charles ~What's-his-name, the last paying guest.", "Sir Charles wanted money," said Miss Gordon, "and the Lindsays haven't any. I believe that the bulk of their income came out of Sir Harold's copyrights—royalties—what d' ye- call 'em ?—and now that Landor and Sven Hedin have spoilt the sale of that great work--" "Yes, I believe that Lady Lindsay has rather a hard time of it," said the lady of the house. "Well," concluded Miss Gordon, before intro- ducing a fresh piece of malevolent gossip, "I would give much to hear what Maud Lindsay has to say about the latest advertising move of her friends the Sedleys." Even the spiteful Miss Gordon would have been satisfied if at that very moment she could have been with the party on Crusoe's that lovely little spot at the head of Lake Windermere, which for some yeafs past had been the home of Lady Lindsay and her two daughters. For just then the Sarsaparilla yacht was being brought to anchor at her moorings, in full sight of Crusoe's Cave, as Lady Lindsay's little cottage was called. The boat was trimly built enough, but the manner in which she was painted, in Daring reds and blues, with the name of the specific displayed on sails and pennants, rendered her a very eyesore in the lovely scene. "They will never have the impudence to leave that wretched thing on the lake!" cried Maud Lindsay, springing from her seat with such impetuosity that she nearly upset the table at which, with her mother, sister' and guest, she was taking afternoon tea on the lawn, which sloped down to the waterside. "That they certainly will have," said the paying guest, a handsome young fellow. "I heard in town to-day that they have rented those moorings for the season. They mean to parade the lake all the summer, brass band and all, till not a soul in the district, not a tripper from anywhere, shall ignore the virtues of Sedley's Sarsaparilla." "We'll see about that!" cried Maud Lindsay, clenching her little fist and turning pale with

indignation. "By Jove! Miss Lindsay," cried the young -man, with a look of very evident admiration at the girl, "I wish I could paint your picture as -you stand there, defying the—the—well, the Sedleys. You look a very heroine, ready to do and die in a just cause." "And what cause could be juster," cried Maud Lindsay, laughing in spite of herself," than s revolt against such odious desecration of one of the prettiest scenes in England ? I love this place. It is to me something hallowed, something sacred. I will not stand this insult thrown in , the face of Nature. I—l—will—" "I do hope, dear," said Lady Lindsay, "that you will do nothing foolish. Remember what a terrible fuss was made about that hoarding on the Waterhead-road. Mr. Barton 9-poke of offering fifty pounds' reward for the detection of the person who hacked it down. And I believe it is only because Mr. Barton had a very shrewd suspicion who that person was that he did not proceed any further." "Very kind of Mr. Barton!' cried Maud. "He shews his consideration for that person's feelings by replacing that hoarding with something ten times worse—a million times worse!" "Mr. Barton ?" asked the young man. "Yes Mr. Brown," said Lady Lindsay. "He is the advertising agent for these Sedley people. He has a big office in Liverpool, I believe, and is a very rich man. It is he who is responsible for all these horrible—horrible—well, notions ' he calls them. Yes, that's it, advertising

- , notions . "He must be a very go-ahead man, who works well for his employers, said the young man. "I saw this Sarsaparilla stuff advertised all the Nvay up from ,Oxford. I declare I WS3 almost hypnotised into investing in a bottle, by the time I had reached Windermere. I must day, though," he added, "that it's a shame to put that thing there, just opposite your house, and I can quite understand Miss Lindsay's indignation, it entirely spoils the look out, and-- But here's Miss Lindsay with tears in her eyes!" "It was father's favourite spot," said the girl, brushing her hands over her eyes, "and---and- But I declare." she cried, with an entire change

===== 0002601_19070921_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
or tone and manner, "that horrible man is coming here! Look, mother, here is Mr. Barton rowing to the island." "Is that Mr. Barton ? " said the young man. "Yes," said the girl; "that short, red-haired fellow in the stern of the boat. Of all the impudence! I won't see him, mother. I know he wants to see me, but tell him that I'm ill, lying down, or anything. I won't see him ! " "I am afraid he has already seen you," said Lady Lindsay. "I think it would be wiser to remain, if you want to conciliate him." "Conciliate him!" cried Maud, with an expres- sive gesture. It was then, however, too late for her to escape. The boat had run alongside the little landing of Crusoe's Island, and the "short, red- haired man." who was not very short, and whose hair was blonde rather than ruddy, had briskly climbed ashore and was making his way, hat a hand. towards the party on the lawn. "Oh, good evening, Lady Lindsay," said the newcomer. "Please excuse my unceremonious call at this hour. But I feel I owe you some apology for—for—well, that ! " he cried, waving his hand towards the hideous little yacht at anchor. "It's not my fault. lam only acting under orders. Yes, under orders from New York. There was—ahem! some suspicion at headquarters as to well, as to that little occurrence on the Waterhead-road, and certain feelings were aroused, which I had great difficulty in pacifying. I ma •• say that it was entirely owing to my intervention "—this with a glance at Maud, who promptly turned her back upon ho....—"that certain proceedings were not insti- tuted." "Do you mean to say, Mr. Barton," cried Maud, swinging round upon him, "that that dis- gusting object is to remain there, outside our windows poisoning the view for us and spoiling all our pleasure in life ? " "Oh, come, Miss Lindsay," sad the advertis- ing agent, "isn't that a bit strong—' poisoning the view' ? Let me tell you, Miss Lindsay. that, far from poisoning anything, Sedley's Sarsa- parilla—" "Yes, we know all that," said Mr. Brown. "It's on all your posters. But do you mean to tell me, sir, that the Sedley Sarsaparilla Company of New York authorises you to employ advertis- ing notions' which give offence to people, very serious offence, as in this case?" "Not having the pleasure of your acquaintance, sir," said Mr. Barton, "I don't see what right you have either to interrupt me as you have done, or to ask me questions on business matters which concern me alone." The young man shrugged his shoulders arid turned away. "To return to what I was saying," said the agent. "That yacht is to lie there, where it is now located. lam sorry that that spot and no other should have been chosen, but it is none of my doing. And I hope," he added, raising his voice for the benefit of Maud, who had moved away, following Mr. Brown, "that no attempts will be made similar to what happened on the Waterhead-road. A prosecution for wilful damage would be the inevitable consequence without prejudice to an action in the civil court for damages. It is quite hopeless for any evil-minded person or persons to try and fight the Sedley Manufacturing Company. We have millions of dollars behind us, my lady—millions of dollars!" "Do you think he is telling the truth," said Mr. Brown to Maud, who had now strolled some way off, "when he says that it is not his fault ? " "Of course I don't!" cried Maud. "He is doing this merely to spite me. The horrid wretch wants me to marry him. I have refused him three times already without thanks, and this is his revenge." "Oh, that's it, is it ? " said the young man. "Well, under those circumstances I think I can authorise you to take any steps that—ahem! —you may decide upon to—to well—shall we say upset Mr. Barton's applecart ? " "Upset Mr. Barton's yacht would be more to the point," said Maud, laughing. "Very kind of you, to be sure, Mr. Brown, to authorise me in that lordly manner. I think if you were sincere in what you said to me this morning—wasn't it that you would do anything and everything to prove-well, you know the rest—that wretched thing would not be there to-morrow morning." "Ah! there you are asking me too much. You have heard what he says. I could not risk a suit for damages. I am not of age, and have no money beyond my allowance. I couldn't pay the damage, and the magistrates would send me to Kendal gaol." "Well, if I loved a girl," said Maud—"that is, if I were a man—l should be pleased and proud to--" "Bore a hole in Sedley's Sarsaparilla yacht and sink it in twenty fathoms of water. Well, I come of age to-morrow and shall then have a little money at my disposal, and—well, I'll think the matter over." "Well," said Maud, "whilst you are thinking it over, go and have a look in the tool- house." When two days later Lady Lindsay came down to breakfast she found her daughters and Mr. Brown standing by the window which overlooked the lake. "Now I declare," she cried, "that is nice of Mr. Barton! He has taken the horrid thing away. I did plead so hard with him the other day. Maud, you see that it is always better to act with diplomacy." "Or with an axe," said Maud. "Well,the yacht has gone, and that is the principal thing, is it not, Mr. Brown ?" "The outlook is certainly improved," said the young man; "but if there has been any work with an axe, there--" "Oh, that would be too dreadful !" cried Lady Lindsay. "Maud, why are you laughing? It cannot be possible. Why that would mean my ruin, if Mr. Barton were to find out--" "Yes," said Mr. Brown, "there's no doubt he'd be in no end of a stew about it." "But supposing I had done anything of the kind," said Maud. "I was fully authorised by Mr. Brown, was I not, and--" "Maud," cried Lady Lindsay, "you do not mean to say— Mr. Brown, what does she

? " - mean "I said to your daughter the day before yesterday, and again yesterday, that, as far as I was concerned, she wss quite at liberty to take any steps that shc? liked to put a stop to the nuisance of which you have all been complaining." "Well, Mr. Brown," said the old lady, "if you have been setting my foolish child on to do such an unheard-of act of folly, I hope you will be prepared to take the consequence upon your shoulders." "I have no dearer wish in this world," said Mr. Brown, "than to take the entire responsi- bility of Miss Maud Lindsay and of all her acts on my shoulders if you think that they are broad enough to bear them." "But, my dear sir," said the old lady, "I know so little of you. Have you the means to keep a wife And Maud, what does she say ? " "Maud says," said the girl, blushing, "that, though she is quite ready to take the responsi- bility of her own acts, she is not unwilling--" "To let Mr. Brown share them," added the young man, clasping her in his arms. "Lady Lindsay, I love your daughter with all my heart. shall be able to satisfy you as to my position and means. And now let us get to breakfast. I see storm and strife ahead in the shape of Mr. Barton, and we must keep our strength up to face the encounter." And not later than that evening the encounter had announced itself as a strenuous one. The news that Jane, the younger daughter, brought home from Ambleside was that there never had been such a "to-do." When it had been established that the yacht had been sunk at her moorings, Mr. Barton's rage had "been something awful." He had spent nobody knew how many pounds in cabling to America. He had conferred at length with the -police and a large order for posters beginning "Whereas," and offering a big reward, was being proceeded with at the printing works of the local newspaper. "Ana ?,!.-.B.:11..(1 Jane "everYbodv seems to

===== 0002601_19070921_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
""rwris-

===== 0002601_19070921_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, September 21, 1907.

think that it was Aiallti ‘,1130 did it. r expect Barton will be here with the police before night. So they told me in town." Poor Lady Lindsay was terribly distressed, and even Maud looked anxious. "Is sinking ships a criminal offence?" she said, turning a pale face to her lover. "Dreadfully so," said Mr. Brown. "I am not much of a lawyer, but I should think it came under the heading of piracy." "How can you joke like that?" cried Lady Lindsay. "If it be Maud, that will mean com- plete ruin for me." "I don't suppose it is Maud," said the young mat, very calmly; "and in any case-- Oh, here is Mr. Barton landing, and, by Jove! he's got a policeman with Min: ' "Oh, Maud—oh, Mr. Brown!" cried Lady Lindsay, "what shall we do? What shall I say? You never did such a thing, Maud, did you?" "Sit down, Lady Lindsay, said the young man, "and Maud you come and sit next to me. My share in the responsibilities is, I see, beginning. Yes, Mary "—this to the agitated servant-girl, who had just put her head in at the door—"we know what you want. Shew the gentlemen in—Mr. Barton and the constable whom he has so kindly brought with him. Ah! good-evening, Mr. Barton." "I haven't come to talk to you, sir," said the agent, who had pushed forward into the room. "I am here to talk to Lady Lindsay." "And," said Mr. Brown, "as you are talking to a lady, kindly moderate your tone and generally conduct yourself, if you can, like a gentleman.' "I have already told you, sir." said Barton. "that J. have nothing to say to you. Look here, my lady, this is my business. Wilful damage to the extent of over five hundred pounds has been done to property whose owners I represent. The yacht that was on moorings hired by me outside this island was sunk last night. I want to know what is known about that business by you people on this island." "From information received-- constable. "I am sure, Mr. Barton," said Lady Lindsay, who was trembling violently, "I know nothing about the matter. When I came down this morn- ing I saw that your yacht had disappeared, and that is all I can tell you." "Yes," said the agent, with a sneer; "but that's not good enough for me, and won't, I think, be good enough for the law—for the law, my lady. lam instructed from New York to spare no expense to bring the offender to justice, be he or be she "—here he glared at Maud,where- upon Brown promptly put his arm round the girl's waist—"be he or be she, I say, whom she may." "He or she may, you ought to say," inter- rupted the young man. "We are informed, madam," said the con- stable, "that one of your young ladies was seen last night in a boat rowing towards this here Sarsapariller concern, and—and-- "And, in short," broke in Mr. Barton, im- patiently, and pointing an avenging finger towards Maud, "Miss Lindsay is accused of being the author of this outrage. What have you to say, miss ? " "Don't answer him, Maud," said the young man. "Mr. as the promised husband of this young lady, Barton,beg you to address any ques- tions to me--to me, sir."

-" began the

"You will speak less loud, sir, before we have done with you," said the agent. "Everything points to the fact that you were the young lady's accomplice in this matter, and that may mean gaol." "How dreadful!' cried Lady Lindsay. "Maud, you surely never did do such a thing! "Of course she did," said Mr. Brown. "Oh, Jack ! " cried Maud. "Well, you are a sneak!" cried Jane. "You hear that," said Mr. Barton to the con- stable. "And now, my fine young fellow," he continued, addressing Brown, "tell us the truth. You say that of course Miss Lindsay---" "Took an axe and rowed out last night to your hideous concern and battered a hole in its bottom and sent it to—to--well, where all such advertis- ing notions ought to be sent to. She did quite right. I approve her." "Oh, you do, do you? see what the magistrates have to say about the matter to- morrow when we apply for a warrant. For a warrant it shall be and not a summons." "A warrant against whom?" said Brown. - "Against .Uiss Lindsay, of course, the author of the mischief." "No, against me. It was I who told her to do it. And she being my affianced wife was dutiful enough to obey me." "Take that down, constable," cried the agent, bursting with rage. "We'll get a warrant agaiust him too as accomplice." "I don't think you will get any warrant against either of us," said the young man, as calmly as ever. "Oh, don't you!" sneered the agent. "No. In whose name are you acting? " "On behalf of the Sedley Manufacturing Com- pany, of New York, whose property has been destroyed. I have full powers from them to act.' "Are you quite sure of that, Mr. Barton? " said the young man, very quietly. As he spoke he rose and took a step towards the agent. "I don't think that the Sedley Company would back you up in such aggressive action; in fact, I am sure they would not. They may be makers of quack medicines, but there is, I believe, some gentle- manly feeling amongst them. But that is beside the question. I dispute your statement that you are empowered to act in their name. Your con- tract with the Sedley Manufacturing Company lapsed when the powers of the trustees by whom that concern was being run, also lapsed." "You seem to know a lot about my affairs, young fellow," said the agent. "It is quite true that my renewed contract has to be ratified by the new proprietors of the concern, but in the mean- while--" "In the meanwhile you had better get out of this house as quickly as you can. I warned you when you came in here not to raise your voice, and generally to try and conduct yourself like a gentleman. Your contract has not been renewed and never will be, and you may write a couple of thousand a-year off your income, Mr. Barton. May it serve you as a lesson to conduct your business in a more gentlemanly manner. The Sedley Company does not want bullies and black- mailers in its employment." "Bullies and blackmailers ? " cried the agent, foaming at. the mouth. "Yes. There are no other words with which to describe your conduct. You have been pester- in' this young lady with your unwelcome atten- tions, and because she sent you about your busi- ness, you revenged yourself on her by putting that hideous eyesore outside the house. It was a very contemptible trick, and contemptible tricks are prejudicial to business. So your contract will not be renewed." "And who are you, Mr. Brown, to talk to me like that ? " "I am sorry to say, ladies," said the young man, turning his smiling face towards Lady Linqay and her daughters, "that / am the Sedley Manufacturing Company." "Oh, you horrid man!" cried Maud. "You don't look like a company, I must say,* cried Jane. "Mr. Barton," continued Mr. Brown, holding out a letter which he had taken from his pocket- book, "do you recognise this writing ? " The agent snatched the paper from his hand, glanced at it, and cried: "Yes, I do. That letter's in my writing, appointing a meeting in London for to-morrow afternoon with Sir John Hauberk, of Christ Church College, Oxford, at the offices of the Sedley Company's London solicitors. And I'd like to know how this letter came into your hands, Mr. Brown ? " "It was forwarded to me from the House yesterday," said the young man. "Mr. Barton, may I introduce myself as the Sir John Hauberk in question." "But," cried Jane, "you said just now that you were a manufacturing company." "Well, I'm that too," said the young man; "hut only since yesterday, when I came of age. Behold in me, ladies, and Mr. Barton, the Sedley Sarsaparilla, that excellent specific for—well, for details see small bills. When Sedley,the inventor of this grand medicine, died he left his business to his widow, who a year or two later came to England, where she shortly afterwards married my father, Sir John Hauberk. After my mother's death the business was managed during my minority by trustees in America, and as a minor, of course I had no voice in the way it was con- ducted, and so I must disclaim all responsibility for the vulgar and offensive methods which were adopted to push the sales of the stuff. Things . will be altered now that I am master, and, as • you have seen, ,in getting rid of Mr. Barton. I

narre arrenarcuaten a szepar znat, arreation.

"That's all very fine,; said the agent. "But if you are Sir John Hauberk, what do you go masquerading as Mr. John Brown for? I shall want something more than your word before I am satisfied."

"You shall have every satisfaction," said the baronet. "We will keep that appointment to- morrow in town, Mr. Barton, at my solicitors' offices. Your remarks suggest to me that I owe some -explanation to these ladies about what you call masquerading. I won't give as a motive for hiding my identity that I wanted a quiet holiday down here, and that quiet and seclusion are re- fused to a man who is a baronet, and who through no fault of his own is afflicted with a huge fortune amassed in the way we know. Those are sentiments which you Mr. Barton, will hardly understand. Supposing I tell you that down at Oxford I had heard all about your pro- ceedings here, and that, having the interests of my property at heart, I came down quietly, under a name which would prevent your recog- nition of me, to satisfy myself whether the com- plaints against you were justified. I was more than satisfied long ago, but until yesterday, being stillia minor, I had no power to interfere. Nty first act on becoming yesterday the Sedley Sarsa- parilla Company was to authorise this young lady, my affianced wife, to destroy that floating nuisance. You understand, constable," he added, turning to the policeman, "that there can be no action for wilful damage taken on the informa- tion laid by that man. The yacht was mine, and mine to do what I choose with. He is merely a naid servant of mine, or rather was. for I have dispensed with his services, and so' constable, I your duties being ended, if you like to go into the kitchen Lady Lindsay's cook will, lam sure, be glad to offer you some refreshment. There is a fine round of -told beef, and the home- brewed- well, you will give me your ophaion of it. As to you. Mr. Barton. I shall be very glad to see you down to the landing. We will meet in town to-morrow."

"I don't need your company down to the landing," cried the agent, dashing his hat upon his head. "I —I despise you, Sir John—l heartily despise you. A pretty mess you'll make of the business, I can see." With these words he darted out of the room, tri,34 a minute later was seen rowing away in the nrection of Waterhead pier. "And now, Maud," said the baronet, laying his hands on the girl's shoulders and looking into her eyes with a smile, "do you think that you can forgive me for being a Sarsaparilla Company. You must remember, dear, that I only became one yesterday, and that to-morrow I hope to be one no longer. The trustees," he added, turning to Lady Lindsay, "have made a very large offer to take the whole concern over, and I had long decided to take it. I shall invest the money in land, and, though that won't pay a tenth part of the dividend that sarsaparilla pays, I'd rather get our income that way than from--" "Pains in Little Mary," said Jane. "You are quite right, little sister," said Sir John Hauberk. "I may call you that for I can see in Maud's eyes that she has forgiven me." • [THE END.]

===== 0002601_19070921_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. The Assistant Wok- and the Cricket

Match.

MR. JOLLEY CRITICISES THE ESTIMATES.

Lively Passages.

A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday;l4lr. W. Houghton presiding. There were also present :—Mrs. Simpson, Mrs. Wilkinson,Miss Broadbent, Rev. M.Ryan, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, J. Billinge, W. Furness, W. C. Brooks, T. Ritchie, M. W. Seton, G. Mather, W. Flannagan, J. Cook, J. Ball, A. Brooks, R. Boltcy, J. C. Sutton (clerk), J. F. Awbery (master), and A. Wright (superintendent of Cottage Homes. THE WORKHOUSE AN "INFECTED AREA." At a meeting of the House Committee it was reported. that the Board of Agriculture had declared the Work- house premises to be an infected area for three months. Mr. MATHER said this appeared to be a formidable declaration,but in his opinion there had never been any swine fever on the premises. To make the house an infected area would do neither good nor harm, as they would not be purchasing any more pigs for three months. The minutes of the Committee were approved. , THE ASSISTANT CLERK AND THE CRICKET M TCH. COMMITTEE'S DIGNITY OFFENDED. The minutes of the Padgate Cottage Homes Corn- mittee included the following :—" The attention of the Committee having been called to an advertisement purporting to be issued by the Assistant Clerk to the Guardians relative to a cricket match, the proceeds of which are stated to be for the purchase of prizes for the children of the Cottage Homes, expresses its strong disapproval of the way in which the Assistant Clerk appears to have acted in the matter." The CLERK said it was a somewhat unusual thing, unless the officer affected had been asked to explain, to make a record of that kind in a book which went before the public. He only spoke of the practice upon that point. His son had only human nature, like other people and he might, as many others did, have corn-' nutted indiscretion. It was a little hard upon an officer that without asking him for a personal explana- tion and without detailing the nature of his wrong, to pass such a resolution. Whatever it might be, be (Mr. Sutton) did not know. But this he did know—that his ' son had been very enthusiastic in the work, and how-, ever faulty he might have been in his procedure, his heart had been in it. He had wished to carry out what had occurred previously. There had been matches of that kind before, in which Mr. Awbery took a valuable part, to his credit. He (Mr. Sutton) supposed that being influenced by the memory , of what had occurred before, his son had acted in that ' matter, without, having, as he (Mr. Sutton) admitted he ought to have done, consulted the Committee and Guardians and obtaining their approval of the pro- cedure. He asked the Chairman of the Committee to make known what the indiscretion was, for these were grave words to be recorded without specifying what the sin was. Mr. MATHER, in moving the adoption of the minutes, said the indiscretion the Assistant Clerk had committed was to issue the advertisement to the public and arrange the match without the knowledge or _consent of the Guardians. The committee felt he ought to have let them know what was going on. The team included officials belonging to the institution who would have to get leave of absence. The CLERK agreed that the Guardians should have been consulted. ,The CHAIRMAN suggested that the matter should be reconsidered by the committee at their next meeting and % mollifying recolution passed. The minutes were seconded by Mr. Jolley and approved.

, ESTIMATES CRITICISED. SCENE BETWEEN MR. JOLLEY AND THE CLERK. The CLERK submitted his statement upon the estimates for the half-year ending Lady Day,l9oB. The estimated particulars of common charges and of con- tributions required from the Union Townships for the half-year ending at Lady Day, 1908, were as follows :- The first figures give the actual expenditure in the corresponding half of last year-the second figures give the present estimates :-For in-maintenance, Work- house, £2.733 1. lid.; £2,600. Schools, £912 4s. 4d. ; £l,OOO. Out-relief (including non-resident Poor), £2,535 16s. ; £2,500. Lunatics in asylums, registered hospitals or licensed houses, £2,116 us. 2d. ; £2,000. Conveyance to asylums, £47 95.; £5O. Loans (instal- ment and interest), £1,521 19s. 9d.; £1,525. Salaries or other remuneration of officers, £2,479 19s. 9d.; £2,500. Officers' rations, &c., Workhouse, £517 14s. sd. ; £520. Schools, £179 15s. 7d.; £lBO. Extra medical fees, £43 ; £5O. Superannuation allowances, £124 12s. 6d. ; £125. Building repairs and alterations : Workhouse, £4ll 15s. 9d. ; £3OO. Schools, £192 18s.; £l5O. Furniture and property: Workhouse: £B9l Is. id.; £5OO. Schools, £192 18s.; £l5O. Rents, rates, taxes and insurance, £320 7s. ; £350. Stationery, printing and advertise- ments, £215 3s. 6d.; £175. Paupers in hospitals and schools, £93 us. 6d.; £95. Registration, £156 17s. 3d.; £165. Vaccination, £456 15s. 9d.; £350. Legal pro- ceedings, £l9 3s. 2d.; £2O. Union assessment expenses, £9l 10s. 6d.; £lOO. Subscriptions to hospitals, institu- tions &c., £lll l ' ls. • £l5O. Audit stamp, £l5 ; £l5. Pay ;talon rents and expenses' £l3; £ls. Conference and deputation expenses, £42 17s. 6d. ' • £4O. School fees for non-pauper children, £lB 10s. 4d.; £2O. Newton relief office expenses, £24 Bs. id.; £25. Fees for visit- ing lunatics, £1 12s. 6d.; £2. Conveyance to hospitals, &c., £4 15s. 11d. ; £5. Office gas, water, coal, &c.. £l6 2s. 3d. ; £l6. Expenses of removal of paupers and investigating settlements, £l6 15s. 9d.; £2O. Sundry other accounts, £343 Os. sd. ; £l5O. Total, £16,766 is. £15,813. Less estimated common fund receipts, £5,415 9s. Total, £10,397 us. It was moved that the estimates prepared and sub- mitted to the Board by the Clerk, be approved and calls made upon the overseers of the respective Union townships at the rate of sevenperre in the £ upon rateable values. Mr. JOLLEY offered certain criticisms of the figures and elicited the fact that there was an error, in that on the statement as printed, building repairs and altera- tions at the schools were estimated at £l5O, with £192 18s. as last year's expenditure, whereas the amounts were £lOO and £9lf ss. 7d. respectively. The figures were accurate in the books and the error had presum- ably been made in copying them. The CLERK pointed out that the matters mentioned by Mr. Jolley would not affect the rates. Mr. JOLLEY said that the expenditure in respect of loans was put down at £1,525, whereas last year it was £1,521 195.9 d. That showed an increase, but as a matter of fact one loan had ceased to exist and there ought to be a decrease. The CLERK said he had formed the bast opinion he could as to what the expenditure would be, but no clerk in the world could say that his estimates were strictly correct. He protested somewhat warmly against Mr. Jolley's criticisms as being unfair. Mr. JOLLEY said the Guardians were there to protect

the interests of the ratepayers, and it was no part o their duty as public representatives to increase the rates unnecessarily. He submitted with all due respect —and it was with great diffidence that he made any remarks in the slightest degree in conflict with the opinion of a gentleman so experienced as the Clerk— that there was clear evidence that the method by which the estimates and the suggested charge had been arrived at was open to legitimate criticism. He submitted most straightforwardly that no criticism he had offered had been in any way unfair or other than perfectly legitimate and it was offered in a friendly' spirit. That criticism ought to be met in the way in which it was offered and properly considered by the Board. It was a serious matter to the ratepayers whether they should pay 7d. or 6d. in the Z. If 6d. were sufficient, there was no reason why the Board should meke a 7d. call. it was a matter on which the Clerk's opinion on a former occasion did not agree with his own. , When he (Mr. Jolley) was Chairman of the Board he pointed out that the Clerk suggested a 7d. call when he (Mr. Jolley) thought 6d. would be sufficient and finally the 6d. call was made and met the require- ments. If the Guardians were to say what was necessary to meet their liabilities, they should know what was likely to be the balance in the hands of the treasurer at the end of the month and what would be the yield of the proposed call. The CfrAIRMAN said a matter of £l5O to which Mr. Jolley had called attention could not affect the position by a fraction of a farthing. Mr. JOLLF.Y : lam speaking of the proposed call. ) The Cffaramas : I think you are out of order. To simply called attention to some inaccuracy end I firmly believe you are out of order in going into the matter in the way you are doing. Sir. JOLLEY : I very respectfully submit that it is impossible for me to justify the amendment I shall propose withont giving reasons in support. I have pointed opt more than one error and I don't think we ought to have the cloiktre applied to legitimate criticism in this way. The CLERK: Be honest. Mr. JOLLEY : 1 never was anything else, at least I hope not. The CLERK: It is this document (producing the estimate in the book) that is before the Board, and don't speak as if there were an error in this. Mr. JOLLEY : Taking the Clerk's figures as correct, accepting his provisional estimate, and in respect of , one of those I have shown room for legitimate doubt as Ito its accuracy. Accepting the statement that what you have to defray from the common fund is £10,397 us. 6d., how has that to be met? in the corresponding period last year there were several abnormal and non- recurring payments. Those, I apprehend, were sufficient to explain the slight diminution in the treasurer's balance during thAt period. There is no person to suppose that the irerns will recur or that there will ne any further diminution. If a 6d. call is anything like adequate to defray-out-liabilities, even if it involves slight depletion of the balance in the treasurer's hands, we ought not to levy 7d. If a penny yields about

===== 0002601_19070921_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSFIELDS' BOWLING CLUB.

Distribution of Prizes.

The Workmen's Dining Hall at Messrs. Crosfields' I was the scene of a very interestiny, little function on t Monday evening last when the prizes were distributed by Miss Markel to the successful competitors in the annual bowling main held on Saturday last at the Recreation Ground. Mr. JOHN WILLETT who presided congratulated his fellow-members on the success of the main. For some- time the ancient pastime had languished amongst them and the annual main once the greatest sporting event of the works year had fallen into neglect but the open- ing of the Recreation Ground there had been a most gratyying revival culminating in Saturday's competition the interest in which had evidently not yet subsided as was evidenced by the large assembly he saw before him. The presence of Dr. and Miss Markel moved him to say how very fortunate they were in having a body of directors who took a sincere interest iu their health and happiness. He bad been under Crosfields' practic- ally all his life and he ventured to say that there was not a single firm in the town that approached them in consideration arid practical provision for the welfare of their employees. (Applause). The prizes having been distributed by Miss Markel, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded on the motion of Mr. TOMKINSON, seconded by Mr. MELLOR. Dr. MARKEL, yielding relucantly to the general call for a speech, briefly thanked the meeting on behalf of his daughter for the cordial way in Which it had supported her in the performance of this function which he could assure them had been a very great pleasure to her. He complimented them on the success of the main. He had not, unfortunately, the pleasure of witnessing it but judging from the number and handsome appearance of the prizes it must have been a successful Main indeed. As for the firm, he could only say that any efforts his co-directors and himself had. made for the welfare of their employees were, they felt, quite justified by the good feeling which happily existed in every depart- ment, and which was in such happy contrast to the unrest they saw in some other industries. Further these efforts would be continued at. any sacrifice. (Applause.) They were as his hearers knew passing through a very difficult crisis in the trade which called for vigilance and considerable economy but of this they might be certain that the old firm had measured up the situation and settled its policy accordingly and would emerge from the struggle with flying colours. (Applause.) Mr. F. J. LORD having also said a few words the meeting terminated. The principal winners were :-1, C. Millington; 2, W. Pritchard ; 3, J. Fairhurst; 4 J. !Mellon 5, 3. Hill ; 6, J. Jefferson ; 7, R. Welsby, 8, J. Davies.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
A VALUABLE PRESCRIPTION.

Cures Rheumatism, Kid!ley and Bladder Trouble 3, Indigestion and Constipation.

We know that the readers of this paper appreciate good advice, and we are glad, therefore, to be able to publish the following from a prominent pliqsician.

It is astonishing to know the prevalence of kidney trouble and other diseases, such as rheumatism, bladder and liver troubles, which are almost invariably caused by weak kidneys. It is said on good authority that fully one third of the people •in England who have reached the age of maturity, are more or less afflicted with kidney trouble in some form. The most dangerous feature of this disease is the fact that many people have it without their knowledge, and consequently neglect it until it has reached a dangerous stage.

The least symptom of kidney trouble, snch as ' backache, must be given prompt attention, and a good reliable treatment should be taken, until every trace of the disease has been eliminated. We are glad to be able to give our readers a prescription which we have seldom known to fail in any case. It contains no harmful ingre.dients, it is pleasant to take, not expen- sive, and can be supplied by any good chemist. It is as follows :

Tincture Ge.ntian Compound, one ounce; Syrup Rhubarb, one ounce; Liquid Barkola Compound, nue ounce ; Syrup of Ginger, five ounces. Take a teaspoonful after each meal, and one at bed-time.

We are glad to publish thiq prescription, as we know I it will help our afflicted readers who give it a fair trial. If taken continuously for -a few weeks, it will be found to be an almost absolutely, certain cure for Rheumatism, Gout and Lumbago, Sciatica, Kidney Trouble, Bright's disease, Diabetes, Urinary and Uric acid disease, Bladder trouble, Gravel, Enlarged Prostate, Indigestion, Constipation, Sick Headache, Backache, and all allied Icomplaints.

A bop-picker employed in a garden at Capel, near Tunbridge Wells, is a talented musician, and each even- ing, after picking fer the day is concluded, be brings out his violin and entertains his neighbours with selec- tions from the works of classical composers.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
, ,

£1,600, then a 6d. call means 0,600—£700 less than your probable expenditure. What is the balance likely i, to be n the hands of the treasurer? The CLERK: None at all. By paying the quarterly bills, I don't think I shall have money to pay them for the remainder of the half year, whereas twelve months ago I had £3,000 or £4,000 left. Levy a 6d. rate and you will see what the result will be. The balance in , the treasurer's hands at this moment is £11,294 Os. 101, ' but here is one cheque for over £B,OOO. Then there are the cheques for the day and all the expenditure of the half year, including salaries to come in. I shall have left the difference between £B,OOO and £ll,OOO and it won't meet the demands. Mr. JOLLEY : It still leaves considerably over £3,000. The CLERK: I cannot pretend to tell you that you won't spend considerably more than I have estimate 1. The estimate does not affect the actual expenditure in any way. I advise that if you rely upon a 6d. call You will have to levy another call on the overseers during the half year. Mr. JOLLEY : If you levy id., more than is necessary— The CLERK: It will be there at the end of the half. year. Mr.. JOLLEY : It won't be lost, of course, but at the same time we should have all the facts before us. It is . not god enough that a public body should jump in the dark. 'l'he Clerk has told us what the balances are— The CLERK: You could have ascertained them ' before you made this long speech. Mr. JOLLEY : As an elected representative of the ratepayers I don't come here to be dinated to The CHAIRMAN: We don't want any feeling generated. The CLERK: The amount of the balance is clearly influencing Mr. Jolley to some extent, and it would not have taken a moment to give him the information if he had condescended to ask for it. Mr. JOLLEY : That information ought to be in the• possession of every member of the Board. The CLERK: I can't tell you really the amounts. We are now only in September and have all the half- yearly accounts to meet. Mr. FURNESS : lam a new member, but I should feel justified at any time in criticising the accounts or estimates. What is the use of bringing them here if members are to be kept from critising them? • Mr. JOLLEY : I submit that I have given adequate reason for suggesting that a 6d. call is sufficient to meet the common fund charges for the coming half- year and 'formally move that the clerk be instructed to prepare the calls on the overseers for the coming half year at a rate of 6d. in the £. There was no seconder to the amendment which therefore fell to the ground and the estimates levying , a rate of 7d. were approved. ! Mr. A. BROOKS thought it due to Mr. Jolley to say that he (Mr. Brooks) knew considerably more ' about the financial position of the Union than he should have done, had Mr. Jolley not made his remarks.- He thought that would be the feeling of all the Guardians present. He could not say that Mr. Jolley was right in thinking that a 6d. call would do, but still there had been attempts to closure and it had been rather hard work for Mr. Jolley to keep on his feet in the midst of the interruptions. He thought that as a recognition of their own rights of criticism they ought to support the course Mr. Jolley had taken, as affecting their rights as elected repre- sentatives of the people. The CLERK: I shall ask you to appoint a small committee to go into this. You should not leave the responsibility of important work of this kind upon any official without you yourselves taking steps to share in the work.

Mr.FußsEss suggested that the respective committees I ought to be responsible for the estimates in their departments. The CLERK agreed with the proposal. Mr. MA.THER said unforseen circumstances would make it impossible for the committees to estimate exactly. . The CLERK: With regard to Mr. Brooks' remarks, which are always friendly as far as I personally am concerned, I would remind him that although there would seem to be two errors they do not affect the expenditure. The exact expenditure under every head in the corresponding half-year is correctly given. ' Mr. BROOKS: lam afraid the Clerk has taken the matter a little out of perspective. The matters men- tioned by Air. Jolley are very minor matters indeed. Why I am grateful to Mr. Jolley is because he has brought out information which would otherwise have been kept from us. 1 hope Mr. Sutton will not take it that I mean inything disparaging to himself. I always felt his figures were reliable. The CHAIRMAN said he admired Mr. Jolley for his outspokenness but he thought he bad made too much of the matter.- The Clerk was always glad to receive suggestions from any Guardians who will call at the office.

The CLERK said his period of office was coming to an end. He would be very glad personally if that was his last meeting. There would be an opportunity afforded to the Guardians, especially those who had had experi- ence, to consider what methods should be adopted that might be an improvement upon the past. They would require a Clerk who had a perfect knowledge of the Poor Law and of Poor Law practice and also of settle- ment law. During his (dr. Sutton's) period of office they had fought many cases in the Courts and the judg- ments had always accorded with his advice to the Board. On all occasions daring his thirty-five years experience his opinions had heen upheld as being in the right. The CHAIRMAN: IVe don't like to anticipate these unpleasant changes. The CLERK: I told -you some months ago. ,If it had not been that the half year was to be an exception- Ally busy one, I certainly should have retired at this meeting. I was appointed in June, 1872,and [am look- ing forward to the day of my retirement—in fact if I could have anticipated what has taken place to-day, I shoul,d have asked you to let me off before this clay came.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
FAMILY NEGLECT.

Warrington Fathers Sent to Gaol.

Two cases of family neglect were heard at the Warrington Police Court on Saturday. Samuel Beckett, 9, Crossley-street, was charged with neglecting to main- tain two children, whereby they had become chargeable to the Union, and also with having been previously convicted of a similar offence.

Mr. Shearer, relieving officer. stated that prisoner was sentenced to two months in October last for neglecting his children. One of them had been in the Workhouse for eight years. Prisoner Could earn 235. per week if he would work. His house was in a dread- full condition through neglect.

Prisoner said he had not sufficient work to bring his children out of the Union.

The Chief Constable said there were 39 convictions against prisoner and the magistrates passed sentence of two months' imprisonment. A COSTLY FAMILY. Robert Burke, 122, Forster-street, was charged with neglecting his four childrea in a similar manner.

Mr. Sharer said the children had beenja the Union nearly four years. They had cost the Guardians £l5O to maintain, and prisoner had not paid a penny. Prisoner could earn good wages when he worked. The Chief Constable pointed out that prisoner had six months in 1903 for neglecting his children. Mr. Shearer added that prisoner had said he would never pay. _ _ . _ _

. . The Bench sentenced prisoner to a month's imprison- ment.

AN EAPTY iOUSE.

At the Borough Police Court on Monday, Thomas Hudson, School-brow; pleaded guilty to failing to maintain his t4o children, whereby they had become chargeable to the Union.

Mr. Shearer said prisoner's children became charge- able on September 11, 1906, and they had been in the Workhouse ever since. He had done nothing whatever to maintain them. Witness had been to prisoner's house and found there was nothing in it. Prisoner said be was willing to keep his children. The Bench sent him to gaol for 14 days.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
House-Breaking at Appleton.

respectable-looking young man, named Samuel Ryder, of Peter-street, Latchford, Warrington, was remanded at the, Occasional Court, Warrington, on lionday, on a charge of .breaking and entering the house of Margaret Gill, Barley Castle, 'Appleton. It was stated that on Saturday afternoon prisoner called\ at the house for a drink of water. Shortly afterwards Nfrs..Gill locked the house and journeyed to War- rington. On her return she found that the premi-ses :bad been broken into, an entrance haying been effected through the pantry window, which was broken. A sum of £6 10s. was missing from a purse left in a drawer in the kitchtsji. From inquiries made by Sergeant Kennerley, prisoner was arrested at his house on Monday.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
STRANGE POLICE ERROR.

Prosecutions against two Damen cotton manufactur ing firms for exceeding the speed limit with moto- lorries had a singular ending at Bolton on Thursday Messrs. T. and R. Eccles had been fined £5 fora similar offence at the same place, and notice of appeal was given. Subsequently the Chief Constable of the county communicated with the appellants' solicitors, informing him it had been ascertained that the police had made a mistake in the measurements, and under those circum- stances he proposed that the conviction should not be recorded. The prosecutions in the other cases were formally withdrawn.

WHO IS Women as well as men are made miserable by kidney and bladder trouble TO Dr. Khmer's Swamp-Root the great BLAma kidney remedy promptly cures. A 1 chemists in Is.lld. and 2s. 3d. sizes. You may have a sample bottle by post free also pamphlet telling all about it. Dr, Kilmer &;• Co., Dept. 325 Temple Chambers, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
RASH FOLLOWED A VACCINATION

Little Girl's Whole Body Covered Watery Matter Formed,Then Scabs —Could Not Rest Night or Day —Suffered Three Years—At Last

===== 0002601_19070921_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
USED CUTIGURA AND THAT CURED HER

"My little girl had rashes coming on her at times like nettle rash, since she had vaccination on her arm. They would rise at times and she would do nothing but scratch them until they bled. She could no rest at night or day when they were on her. It was a pity to see her. I spent a lot with doctors and could not get rid of the rash, so one of the neighbors told me to try Cuticura. The rashes were all over her except the face. You know they were hard like a stone first, and then they would fill with water, and then turn into a great scab. She suffered with the ailment for three years and we used Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Ointment, and they did clear it. We bathed her twice a day with Cuticura Soap and we used one box of Cuticura Ointment. The doctor gave medicine for a while, but it did no good, and we left the doctor and used Cuticura, and that did cure her. I am very much pleased to tell you of the cure, and can recommend the Cuticura Remedies to everybody, and wish I had known about them sooner. Evan John Thomas, Penallta Terrace, Ystrad Mynach, via Cardiff, Wales, Feb. 1, 1906."

===== 0002601_19070921_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
INSTANT RELIEF

From Eczema in a Single Application of Cuticura,

The great Skin Cure, preceded by a warm bath with Cuticura Soap. This treat- ment, when followed in the severer forms with mild doses of Cuticura Resolvent Pills, affords instant relief, permits rest and sleep, and points to a speedy cure in the most torturing and disfiguring of itching, burning, and scaly humours, ec- zemas, rashes, and inflammations of skin and scalp, from infancy to age. A single set is often sufficient to cure. Cuticura Remedies .are guaranteed absolutely pure under United States Food and Drugs Act.

Sold throughout theworld. Depots: London,27, Charterhouse Sq.: Paris, 5, Rue de la Patx: Austra- lia, R. Towns & Co., Sydney: India, B. K. Paul, Cal- cutta: China, Hong Kong Drug Co.: Japan, Maruya, Ltd., Tokio; Russia, Ferrein (Apteka), Moscow; South Africa. Lennon, Ltd.. Cape Town, etc.: U.S.A.. Potter Drug & Chem. Corp., Sole Props.. Boston. cOrPost-tree, Cuticura Booklet, 48 pages.

BEST FAMILY MEDICINE

IñtORSDELL'S Kaye9s p T e In Use 100 years. Are a certain cure for Indigestion, Biliousness, Headache, Dynepsia. Constipation, Liver and Kidney Complaints, &c. Invaluable for Ladies Of all Chemists, 1/11i, 2/9, and 4/6 per box, or on receipt amount 13, St. George's, Norwich.

H

===== 0002601_19070921_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
TOOTH-AC

OURRO INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S Pre velteseill::leecass 371.1 ittavtes spErexvternact et ido.n NESURALGIII, HEADACHE, NERVINE and all NERVE PAINS removed

by BUNTER'S NERVINE. All Stores, 18. lid. or', receipt of amount 13, Sr. GEORGES STREET, INTORwiCK "As a ewitic of Toothache it hm no equal. I have need it iniocaely for years."—Paov.W Wriamr, MD,

===== 0002601_19070921_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
r %......., 1

"FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE."

===== 0002601_19070921_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
fiiRK6gLOODMIVIIRf

ULttKWS B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, In ettbeq• sex, all acquired for constitutional discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Paine in the back. Pre from Mercury. Bstablished upwards of 30 years. In boxes 45. 61. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through • on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lin coin and ididland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln.— Advt.

To MOTHERs.—liars. WINSLOW!, Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their childran while teething, with perfect rucoess. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste; and produces natuarl quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub _awakes "as bright as ,a button" Of all Chemists Is. ltd. per bottle.—Advt.

JOHN WALKER & CO., • BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON!. ADDRESS or VI4ITING CARDS Printed fr-on ?&ate or typb. PROSPECTUSES & BALANCE SHEETS. PLACARDS, EXTRA LARGE SIZE—A speciality HANDBILLS, in large or small quantities, cheap and • effective. HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Song, Festivals, &c. . PROGRAMMES for Entertainments, Concerts, &c., in the latest artiatic style. SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPTION BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
- • - _ .

DIABOL o.—The new popular game, Is. and le. 6d., post free—B. BARToII, 73, at Mary Axe, London.

OINDHRS MAY BH HAD at the " EXAMINER " eFFICE, Bewsev it., warrfngtnn, 3d. per load given.

A GENTS Wanted for Mach nery Belting.— Write THilitBON, CREBBWELL & Co., 101, Leadenball et., London.

A G3NTS for Private Xmas Cards ; exeellent commission —Goapos & Co.. 13s, Finsbury suare, London.

AGIANTS for I rivate Christmas Cards, splendid selection, best tertne.—Prext.Ra, 6, Alarket et., Hud.iersfield.

A GIWTS WANTHD.—Privatm Christmas Cards. High ooramission.—BLANlYßE 130 Horusey rd., London, N.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

" EXAMINER " OFFICE,

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

PRINTING OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS" CONCER TEA PARTIES SOIREES SERMONS BALLS MEETINGS &c., Suo

Bewsey St., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Cht Oraminer ,tertec.

OP WEBK-RND ISHWSPAPRhS COMPRISHS : .11R11 WARRINGTON k AIID-ORRSHIRI4 14Xa.N1INICR. published every Saturday morning. The principal And the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate, Lymm, U., being ne of the L trzest and 13,st Weealy Papers in Lance- hire and Cheshire. The district c3vered by this Paper corn- arises large trading and agricultural tract in South Lance- hire and Hid-Cheshire. !FRB RUNCORN BRA:MINIM, published every Saturday I morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. - -

rPHIIIWIDfES HXAMINICR published every Saturday 1. morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a platy gr 1,V1(L4 iqtrd industry. riitjit HA.RLEISTOW N ANn NHWTODI isXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Sariestown. New ton-le- Golborne. Haydock, Lowton. Ic. The district thus mnrl d. ts i n At imp rn t i oart, or the Lancashire coal - ds. riltiTC ST. WRLYINS EXAMINSR, published every Saturday morning, circulating In St. Helens, Preecot, Parr. Sutton, Pensley ()roes. Ac • the centre of the Glees. Clbemial and Watch Tradts of the Kingdom.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADITKRTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTEr. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS 'PO LET. HOUSES TO BB SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three qix Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 8(1. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... 3s. Ckl. ... ss. Od. 36 ... ls. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 41. Od. ... 6s. Pd. 45 ... is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... 54. Od. ... 7s. Od. 54 ... ls. 6d. ... 3s. 8. ... 61. Od. ... 108. Od.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
DomeOr Roerbantq, etr.

OFFIOR FOR SURVICSTS —Miss OWIII4, 34, ltj Tweedale et., Rochdale.

WANTIRD good GENERAL.—AppIy Bt. GEORGE:B VICARAGE, (Morley.

WANTRD COOK-GRNERkL, Early riser, Age about 24 —II7I4POOL ARM, Conway.

WANTED.—A good General STOWANT.—AppIy, H WINMAIILEIGII 81.. Warrington.

WANTIM, *good GIINIIRAL.—AppIy YE OLDE WHITE SWAN, Lambertp-ad Green, Wigan.

WANTBD, good G11N8124 L ; no wasbing ; references required. —Apply PARK VIEW Imr, off Brunshaw rd.,

Burnley

IIiVANTEID, a good Gllll iBFLA.L ; good references required. —Apply Mrs. Hanattxn, Belle Vue Hotel, Woodhouse lane, Wigan.

WANTHD, GIRL (active, reliable) ; who has been out before; for small family—Apply, 310, MLNCHE9TER RD., Warrington.

LADY tiBEKS POST AS NURSE-OOMPANION or Lady Norge to child Experienced needlewoman.-45, ADMIRAL ST., Liverpool.

WANTED young GENERAL, 17 to 20.—Apply with reference.—Mr. CLow, 14, Greenall avenue Clarke's lane, Rochdale.

WANTI4D, a strong G fiNRRAL ; able to wash and iron. Family of four (two children).—Mrs. DIcIEINsox Northenden. near Manchester.

WANT HD, a capable young GENERAL (superior), Send references to GRIFFITHS. Banks avenue, Meols. Cheshire. Pricate small family.

CAM9BRLL, Select Registry, WANTS COOK, .131_ Housemaid-Waitresses, Generals ; good references. 876, Stockport rd., Longsight, Manchester.

WANTED at once HOUSEMAID-WATTRHSS. age about 20 ; wage to commence £l6 ; good references.—Mrs. Rola% Harboro' Grove, Brooklands, Cheshire.

SBLHOT REGISTRY.—WANTRD good Generals, Cooks, Housf keepers. Housea.aide,Nurses, Waitress.-60, BANK PARADE, Burnley ; 75, Preston rd,.Bliekburn.

ruHE PALATINR, Fallowfield, Manchester.—WANTHD at once, teachable willing GliL, experienced General Ind caters, Also Laundress-General. Three maids kept.

AT 118. RHAD requires Waitresses, Housemaids, House- " maid-Waitresses, Cook-Generals, Kitehenmalds and Superi or G enerale.—SELECT REGlSTRY,ltusholme,Manchester pf ANTED, SITUATION as HOUSRKWEIPHR to gentle- man by superior middle-aged good plain cook ; good 7eferencee,—Address Ao.NEF.,, 2, Holland st., Fairfield, Liverpool.

Au ANTRD superior coox-aunHti AL, 2.540 ; good plain 1' cook ; abstainer, Churchwoman ; good references ; small family ; no washing; tbree maids ; goad wages to ective, capable person—ST. LUKE'S VICARAGE, Walton, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
tIEO be /et.

PENKI4TH.—GOOD HIM:151;S WITH GARDWNS, 38. 9d per week, also Onttrtges 38. 611. nl2s. 6& per week. IVY LODGH.FRIJGHALL LASH, reduaed rent. 55, WASH IAN 1? LL STRIM. OPFICES.eround floor. Also upper rOoms. NEW ROAD, rent 4s. Pd. per week. CORN ,H SHOP 2, School Brow, reduced rent ss. 6d. pe, week. 67, OATHRHINR SO RFCHT, rent 38. 6d. per week. apply ROBERT LOWE, Rstate Agent. No. 1 Bank-street War r ~lanhone—',qo 55.

LRT 17, FOLLY LANIL—Apply Wonris Et SON JL Soltattnr9. Horaemarket StPeet, Warrington.

rrO LitT, HOUSE, Knuteford rd. Beautified throughout. I Rent £l7. Apply JAS. B. ALMRED, Leigh Villas, Grappenhall.

ruo GMT GOOD 1-10IISH, rker street, rent 355. month clear, will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply Wooos & SON, Solicitors, Warrington.

LBIGH, TO LRT In Town Chambers, opposite new Town Hall a Suite of Offices ; newly decorated, electric light, ate. Large basement with two off rooms. Also one room 2s. per week Incluslye.--J. FLITCR)FT, Derby Cottage, Leigh

===== 0002601_19070921_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
enuratton.

t RMY—UNIVERSITIHS. Rev. H. H. SURGEY. (Camb)., B.A (Lon)., receives Pupils lor above.— Ilnekton Rectory, Lorrh, Lincs.

IUAIRH AVEN LADIItS' HIGH SCHOOL. Fine position I: Stiff Twenty-one Resident and Visiting Teschers, 8.A., &c. Swedish Gymnasium. Hockey and tennis Grounds.—Miss MILLEN.

TTIGHFIRLO ICIOLLISGR. BISPHAM.— Boarding School I for Girls. Facing sea ; brAcing air. Thorongh educa- tion. Physical Training. Inclusive terms. Paincipals, the Misses TRELLND.

-URANKBY HOUSg SCHOOL, HOYLAKE, CHRSHlRE.—Principais Miss CHAPMAN and Miss GREEN. hducation on best modern lines. Preparation for Examinations. Resident, Foreign Governess. Autumn term begins September 20th.

SMHTFIWICK 80i-101L OF COOKRItY and Household Training.—THF. GBANGR.—Students trained as house- keeper., cooks, matrons, kindergarten governesses, lady nurses, &c, ; certificates awarded ; lucrative posts found ; Prospectus on application.

TRH FRREI CHURCH Correspondence College gives I. postal lessons to Free Church lorkers and others in Bible Study, Theology, Prefiching, Teaching, ac, Send stamped envelope for particulars to Rev. GnORGE D F. 17 T, 11, lintley Garden., London, 8.1.

xi R. ERNEST WILKEt4, A.L.C.IT., Professor of jt Music, Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Churlb, PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT, MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certifbates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For tsrms ,apply 134, LOVELY LUCE and LEGH BY.. Warrington.

QOIIThPOIO MODERN S:CEIOOL.—AN IDEAL V SCHOOL FOR BOYS. First-clais education, good borne. and healthy starroondinga, Swimming, Gymnastfcso Cadet Company. and Rifle Range. Foreign boys received. Usnally fall. Prospectus from L'EUNCIPAL.

QTOCKTON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTON HHATH,WARRINGTON (3 minutes from Car Terminus DAY AND BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, KINDERGARTEN. PREPARATORY S.CROOL FOR BOYS. Large House, extenlive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident staff and Visiting Masters and 'Mistresses Great successes in Examinations. the next Term will com- mence on Tuesday. September 17th. PROSPECTUS, References and Views on application to MISS PARTINGTON, PRINCIPAL.

SKERRY'S

CORR ESPON DENCE CLASSES.

TWO IMPORTANT ANNOUNORMENTS.

ONB.—Speclal Courses (Revision) for Teachers' Cer- tificate and Preliminau Certificate Hxaminations of 1907. Fees 1 guinea per 12 weeks' term. Studente for the 1903 exams. also being enrolled. TWO.—Name, of pupils for the Matriculation examina- tion of the Liveri.ool and Manchester Universities are. now being taken. Fees i-21 guineas, el& guineas, and 8 guineas respectively for 1?, 24 and 48 weeks' tuition. The full course (48 weeks) is equal to a guarantee of success. TEACHER.' OR UNIVERSITY PROSPECTUS I°O3T FREE FROM THE COLLEGE SECRETARY.

ADDAMS .- 5, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

BIpiIIAUTIFUL Golden Hair ; bow to obtain it ; recipe la.— SINDALE, Itoyal Oak Place, Lee.

VIOLETS. prepared clurare, 2.. 61. co 48. doz.; list free.— V Rev R. Lascz, Pill Vicarage, Bristol.

I ARGH OgAiSIG UMBIIBLLA. cost 259., price 159. ORINSTES.D, 137, Foltess rd., Loudon, N.W.

(11sN I'S aIiCHIN OCa la. td. post tree,— ADAIR, k..X 41, Gordon place, Kensington, London.

.IC.—btrongest Mantl,, mule ; Ystent No 24,430. Agents wanted.—l.k. Co., 113, Rockliffe et., filackburn.

I AMPS Napbtlpt or Petroleum; for stat., Shops, or thiws ; ss. free.— ALLRar, yton Place, Hull.

110ALS ARN DAR.—Receipt for making a coal-saver, le. kJ —WHOLESALE AgENCY Co gPANY, Liverpool,

31-1 13eautiful PlUTUttli POoTuARDS, ; tree. To R b 7, West India Dock rd., London, E.

11 WILL Fetch you Dozen FOO t B t.LL S'IUD:I, used 20. by all Crack Te4rns.—OuyEtee, licc'es. Miid.tone.

I AI 1031 114VtINTWN.—Warm, your tiands and teet any- LA where, 28.—STIIILING 676, Dumbarton rd., Glasgow.

FFPhotograph, marriage ; send age,. 13 stamps.—PßoFassolt, 9 M .rdale st.,lhepher...'s Bush;

‘llloPKlSRPtitiz' good selling id. linos, 3 doz assorted 0 Is. 6d post ree.—Lummcz,Colernan st., Woivertptrapton

yOUtt Intencted's Ynotograptl, marriao ; send sge, 13 stamps.—PsorEStioN, 9, 3ltraale at , latidlaerd's Bush.

rilo A.stute Oollectors.--6) assorted Books for Bale. Price _1 £9; carriage paid.—NovcE, Central Hotel,Southampton.

ri 0 FAUMI4IiS an.l. Manure Manufacturers.—Shoddy Dirt JL on oalecheap ; price Bs. for waggon load of 4 t .ns ; cash with order.—Applv JAMES LEES, Wiilovrst. Mill,oldLam.

JOHN WALKER & CO., BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. PRINTERS, LITHOGRAPH-ERR. BOOKBINDERS, PAPER-RULERS. CATALOGUES for Public and Private Libraries

DOTS FROM THR POTTBRIHS.—" Our Guinea Summer Parcel." 36 Plates, 4 Meat Dishes, 2 Vegetable Dishes, 2 Gravy Boats. Blue Printed Design. Tea Bet, China, 21 pieces ; blue, red, or green and gold. Flower Pot, large. Badger Ware for Churches, Restaurants.—Tuit TUMITALL Porrxmit Co., Tonstall. Staffs.

Altscllanrous, en Oalrs, etr.

Rotor earss,epties, (garrtacieo, etc

VOR SAL% good 4-WKNBL DRAY.—Apply leak° L. LAWRENCE AND SONS, IDCS Brewery. near Wigan.

3nuottnents, 'bar &c.

AgOrulturat Vrobuct, filants, Szt

VARINIIES of rellabie 31JLB8 on appro. from 9d. a 102; otrriage pd. oAt.free.-IiLLIsoN,63 tr .Bromwich.

fliatrtmonn

The Examiner Saturday, September 21, 1907.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Erßantrb.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070921_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
flarbtral

LICZ E 1/A.—Sure cafe cure. Recipe and list free.- 11.1 TaWAITES, Herbaliet, btockton-on-Tees.

M sure. safe cure. Recipe and List free THwAITES, Herbalist. Stockton-on-Tees.

URBB BOX NULIV PILLS, ltd., for Constipation, mdi- gesttou, Liver.—Numv Co., ?.0, Whitefriars at.,

I NDIGHSTION CURB. 6encl Is. P.O. for one week's treatment.—ll. 51.0 ten, 13 ormanton rd., Leicester.

Ity B IGGINSOUR for N eural gin , le. lid. ; never faits.— , WiGorNs, Southwark Park rd.. and alt chemists.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

===== 0002601_19070921_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINER OFFICE WARRINGTON

HAVE A GREAT REPUTATION FOR

EFFECTIVE POSTER PRINTING. Plain or in two or more colours to make a bold and striking display on Hoardings and walls.

WE PRINT THE LARGEST SHEET IN THE TOWN AND DISTRICT. For Sunday School Anniversaries, Concerts, Balls, Soirbes, Meetings, Sales by Auction, &c., &c., in one or more colours, on white or coloured paper, in the most striking type, size 60" x 40" in one sheet,

===== 0002601_19070921_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
AT THE CHEAPEST RATES

EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. Plain or in two or more colours, are the most attractive that can be produced, and make a very bold and striking display on Hoardings and Walls.

TICKET BOOKS, FOOTBALL FIXTURES, INVOICES RULED TO PATTERN. PROSPECTUSES. PROGRAMMES. RULES BOOKS. ACCOUNT BOOKS,

BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULERS, AC ESTIMATES FREE, LITHOGRAPHERS. BOOKBINDERS. STATIONERS. TEL PARTIES: ANNOUNCEMENTS DANCES: CONCERTS. BAZeARS. JOHN WALKER AND CO. BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON

To those who do not under- METHODIST stand Nonconformity the RE-UNION. union of three of the Methodist denominations which has just taken place in London must be somewhat bewildering, if they take any notice of it at all, as they certainly ought to do should they wish to understand what is going on around them and to measure the relative value of existing religious forces. To those who have not given any of their attention to Methodist organisation, the joining together of what they consider to be three forms of religion, must necessarily be of the nature of the inexplicable. The explanation is easy enough, nevertheless. It has not been neces- sary to make any sacrifice of doctrine on either side. The three bodies which have now joined them- selves together did not teach different things. There has been no time when their preachers could not exchange pulpits, when the members of one Church could not worship with perfect satis- faction in another, or when there was any vital or even clearly perceptible doctrinal differences between the Bible Christians,the United Methodist Free Church, and the Methodist New Connexion. They were divided merely on matters of Church government, not by contending dogmas. And that is what is meant, indeed, by most of our divisions into sects. Many of the bodies which are vulgarly supposed to represent different " religions " are, in fact, in perfect doctrinal agreement.

_ For our own part, we see no harm from the point of view of religious effectiveness in such divisions as those which have been brought to an end in Wesley's Chapel in London. They tend to produce individuality, strength of character,and self-reliance. The struggle for existence is too keen to permit of the development of priestly characteristics among the ministery. There is not that separation between ministers and people which is so generally brought about by comfort- able salaries, big churches, and irremovability. On the other hand, division among Churches that might as well be allied often results in a great waste of effort and a quite unneces- sary expense. This is not the case to the same extent in large centres of population as in the smaller towns and the villages. Here, where the population provides a congregation probably ~ not more than sufficient for one good-sized Methodist chapel, there may be three or four, each. sparsely attended. The obliteration of this state of things will probably be one of the great advan- tages of the new union. The different congrega- tions will join their efforts, and, in Cobbett's , I phrase, they will " club their twopences." I Deeply interesting to old Methodists, deeply affecting, indeed, must have been the re-union 1 gatherings. There were men on the platform who had been through stirring times that took place many years before most of us were born. They 1 belong to the time of 1 Old, remembered, far-off things, 1 And battles long ago. There was the Rey. J. SWA NN WITHINGTON, for instance. He was already a famous preacher when that earlier union took place which brought the United Methodist Free Church into existence. He was the colleague of GRIFFTHS, EVERETT, and DUNN, those three stout-hearted men who left the Wesleyan Methodists because they could not set up the democratic standard within that body. The Rev. EDWARD BOADEN is another link with the past. He is now elected first President of the newly- united Churches; but he wass a leading man at the Conference at which RICHARD CHEW was elected President of the United Methodist Free Church at Manchester. That must be nearly forty years ago. Both EVERETT and GRIFFITHS were then living:and each preached a Conference sermon, GRIFFITHS holding his audience spellbound for an hour and twenty minutes, and then making a phenomenal collection. There seemed to be more life, and more abundant life, in the Methodism of those days than there is in that of our own. But we may be wrong, of course. Allowance must be made for the glamour of the retrospect. And certainly the union which has taken place in London should tend to the restoration of the vigour of the Methodist sects should any of it prove to have been lost.

The Education Committee

THE FEEDING OF on Monday postponed the SCHOOL CHILDREN, question of adopting the Education (Provision of Meals) Act, 1906. This is a permissive measure, giving power to Education Authorities to provide, if they thick fit, free meals to elementary school children who are in the habit of attending school while insufficiently fed. A report has been pre- pared by the Education Authorities in Warrington and when this has been considered the question will come up again. We see no objection to the adoption of the Act, but the greatest caution will require to be exercised before it is put in force. The fact that a certain number of children come to school unfed and are entitled to free meals from the muni- cipality is not the height and width of the question

by any means. Interference with parental respon- sibility comes in immediately the Corporation begins to feed the children of the poor. A too generous provision of free meals wont.' soon do vastly more harm than good. It has to be dis- covered which children are hungry through poverty and which through neglect. In the latter cases pressure will have to be put on the parents to make them realise their responsibilities. Then there are the agencies for distribution and the committee of control to be considered. All these things need to occupy the mind of the ,educationist very seriously before the Act is made operative. We believe the problem is not one of great magnitude in Warrington for out of some 14,000 scholars it is estimated that there are less than 200 children attending school insufficiently fed; these are classified as 150 cases of poverty and 40 of neglect. The actual feeding of these poor mites should not be difficult, and will doubtless ere long be undertaken.

A perusal of the calendar " MODERN " for the new session of EDUCATION. the London School of Economics is an excellent illustration of the " modern " as distinguished from the " classical " trend in higher education. The ideal in v:ew is to arrange a curriculum which will supplement the student's daily work in the office or workshop, so that the two taken together shall constitute his education. For example one whose daily work is connected with railways may attend lectures on Railway Economics, the Law of Traffic Relations, Railway Operat- ing, and so on, so that he may be enabled to take a more intelligent interest in his work. Other subjects included under the wide heading of "Economics and Political Science" are Banking and Librarianship, tne other depart- ments of London University dealing in a similar way with the work of many other trades. It is interesting to note that the somewhat indefinite subject of Sociology is so arranged as to be of interest to the following list of people: Borough Councillors and Poor Law Guardians, com- mittee men of philanthropic institutions and officers of benevolent societies, district visitors, factory inspectors, trade-union officials, and workers in social settlements. This is the subject, be it remembered, the very existence of which is not recognised by " classical " Universities because of the hybrid origin of its name. London's pre- eminent suitability as a place of study is illustrated by the fact that the School of Economics can direct its students to the Record Office for medians' history, and to the British Museum and the libraries of the Government Depattments for modern research. Even Oxford, with its Bodleian, could not surpass these collections—indeed, it could not equal them.

By Royal Proclamation ' THE DOMINION OF New Zealand is no longer NEW ZEALAND. a colony but a dominion. Did Tasnian, when he explored the land in 1612, with the Dutch East India Company waiting for his report, have any vision of the pride of name which took the type clean across the page of the last issue of the ordinarily double-columned London official Gazette? Of course, New Zealand is little better for the title. It is no bigger than it was in 1777, when Captain Cook went there, two years before the South Sea islanders sharpened their 'knives for him at Hawaii ; nor has it reached a European population of a million, unless it has made up the lee-way of 10,000 since last year's census. It is a trifle smaller than Great Britain and Ireland, while its public revenue last year was 7i millions. Still, it is a great country, and Sir Joseph Ward has.a right to be proud of it. He saw that it took its right place in the Parliament of Empire this summer, and nobody can forget, in these days when the mother, with a countenance florid and slightly anxious, is trying to keep pace with her modern daughter, that New Zealand sets us an example in those two cardinal developments of twentieth century Liberalism, women's suffrage and old-age pensions. There women vote for Parliament, and there women as well as men receive an £lB a-year pension when they reach sixty-five— provided always that the husband has not been basely deserted in the mean- time. The number of pensions in force two years ago was 11,700, representing 35 per cent of the Iresidents of New Zealand over the age of sixty- five, and of this number 632 were Maoris.

The threat of a railway THE RALLWAY strike has had the effect of PROBLEM. directing the attention of the public more seriously than before to the question of the proper adoainis tration of the system of communication through - out the country in the future. If the present trouble in the railway world were to issue in a cessation of work by even a section of the railway employees the effect upon trade would be dis astrous. The great companies admit that the public would suffer enormous inconvenience, and the estimate of loss involved upon the trading community is almost incalculable. In such circumstances it is not strange that serious-minded people should devote themselves to an exanaina tion of the position which other great commercia countries have found themselves forced to adopt. England is particularly fortunate in her railways, taking them in comparison with other countries. She has fine systems linking up the great centres of industry, managed with enterprise and upon enlightened lines. Her services are the safest in the world, and the travelled man knows the value of the care devoted to securing efficiency, and protection for passengers and goods. In a time like the present, when the tendency in many quarters is to regard railway directors as blind and obstinate opponents to pro- gress, these things should be recognised. Private enterprize has done great things for commanica- tion in England; but, as Lord BRASSY pointed out at Liverpool, there are flaws. Carrying rates are high—too high for the industrial welfare of the country in many instances. That is a fault partly due to the comparatively short distances for which goods have to be conveyed and partly to the excessive competition which has "gone on. Money has been wasted upon duplicate lines, and the competition of these lines has been bad both for the railway worker and for the com- panies themselves. All these things and many others, which became more and more apparent at each half-yearly gathering of directors and share- holders incline Lord BEASSEY to the belief that a vital change in the policy of the country towards railways may soon be regarded as a question of practical politics. Nationalisation has taken place in Germany—where its success has been great —in Russia, in Belgium, and in Italy. Why not here? The answer, of course, is that, as things are at present, there is no defiaite call for change, and the cost would therefore scarcely be justified. But if the country were plunged into a railway war of any prolongation the situation would be different, and the country , might be prepared to face the financial sacrifice involved to secure itself in the future from the disaster of the past. If the operation of private , enterprise in English railways had been less bene- ficial and proficient, the demand might be more easily imperative; but as matters stand, whatever the theoretic value of the argument that railways should be run with a single eye to the public service, the practical side of tho question gives a balance on the side of continuing the present status which will require a deal of shifting.

Dinner at Atkinson's Cafe. An interesting event took place on Saturday evening last at Atkinson's Café, when Mr. Frank' Plumpton, son of the late Councillor Plumpton, enter- tained a few friends on the occasion of his birthday. After dinner Councillor Wilkinson took the chair and a smoking concert was held. The usual loyal toasts having been given- with musical honours a long pro- gramme of vocal and instrumental music was rendered with several humorous sketches by Mr. E. A. Sanders in his usual style. A very pleasant evening was spent, the chairman on behalf of those present wishing Mr. Plumpton long life, happiness and prosperity. The catering of Mrs. Atkinson was of a high order and gave great satisfaction. DOULTOK TOILET WARE and Dinner Sets. See Windows.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

It is proclaimed in canon 74 that the clergy shall not wear "any light-coloured stockings." I hope no parson will attempt to escape by such a miserable subterfuge as saying that this does not apply to socks. So if the reader sees any lawn-tennis or croquet playing curate with gaudy socks, clocked and decorated with un-comely and vain devices, he may say "Reverend Sir—what price =non 74 ? "—S. L. Hughes in "London Opinion." ___ .

An elderly farmer in the Claro district of Yorkshire was giving his opinion of modern journalism the other day. "No wonder," said he, "God Awmighty Isends us dull seasons. If there's a bit o' fine weather these editors and nevvspappers are puffin' and blowin' and sayin" Oh deary me, whatever shall we do if it's agoin' to be so warm ? ' And there's people writin' to t'pappers and o' mak of worrittin' goin' on, 'ut it's no wonder God Awmighty doesn't send us summers like there used to be when ah were a lad." * In the barn of a moorland farm near Glossop there is still to be seen a survival of the old industries which have mostly been stamped out by machinery. It is a sand-mill of very primitive form, worked by horse-power. It consists of a stone wheel, hooped with iron, running on its rim on a hard stone floor, and closely resembles the cider and wine presses that are commonly found in out-of-the-way villages both in France and Germany, though of course it is much bigger. The soft sandstone which is used fgr grind- ing is quarried from a neighbouring pit.

Presentations have been made this week to the Notts cricket professionals in recognition of the team's championship victory this season. Over £BOO was publicly subscribed, and of this sum, Hallam and Wass received £lOO each, Iremonger, J. G-unn, G. Gunn, Gates, Hardstaff, and Payton £9O each, and Alletson £55. Each amateur and professional also received a cigarette case given by Sir Francis Ley, the President of the Club, while the captain, Mr. A. 0. Jones, was presented with a massive silver rose- bowl. There are worse livelihoods than playing cricket for the man with any ability in the field.

o * The Education Jommittee has decided to sacrifice some slight principle on the score of generosity and pay the three pupil teachers the £7 which hal been deducted because they had lost the Government grant through failure to find admission to a training college. We are glad that Mr. Plinston's amendment has been carried. The School Management Committee was doubtless within its rights, but the teachers suffered a distinct hardship and had done nothing personally to forfeit £7 each. We can understand the reluctance to establish a precedent, but even a precedent is not binding and in this case it was justified. *

-Seeing that the Guardians and officials of the Warrington Union won their cricket match on Thurs- day, and will also be able to show a cash balance, perhaps the Board will be inclined to forgive the Assistant Clerk for letting his zeal outrun his discretion. Cricket matches are important things, and the season is getting late, and it might have caused considerable delay to have consulted the Board officially. They ought to have been consulted, of course, but we hope the mollifying resolution will be forthcoming at the next meeting. Mr. Sutton's enthusiasm was in a good cause.

* * * The Lincolnshire feat of transforming wheat into bread in four hours the other day is not in any sense a "record." It has been beaten at least twice within the last few years. On Whitehouse Common, near Erdington, in Warwickshire, the same feat was accomplished in three hours and a half about six years ago. But this was a dilatory performance com- pared with that which took place shortly afterwards on Mr. Taylor's farm at Blockley, in Worcestershire. Reaping began on a field of wheat at nine o'clock in the morning. Some portion of this was carried to the farm, threshed, and winnowed. It was then taken to the mills, cleaned, ground, and dressed. The flour was then hurried to the bakehouse, made into bread, baked, and some of it taken to the reapers and eaten in just sixty minutes after it had fallen. • * You must see life by the light of your own lamp. Nobody can help you much.--MRS. CHAIGIE. Lay not thy heart open to everyone; but treat of thy affairs with the wise.—TnoNas A KE3Cris. The person who knows how to laugh, when to laugh, and what to laugh at, has achieved a philosophy all his own.—d. EVAN-JONES. When a woman rioresses to know a (rood deal of men, you may be sure that all she knows is bad. Knowledge of man is, with most women, equivalent to a knowledge of one bad man.—FRANKFosz MoosE. You will never find an EnFlishman in the wrong. He does everything on principle.—C. B. SHAW. There lives no mortal that has not a philosophy as distinct from any other mortal as his face is different from their faces. —GALSWORTIIY.

A woman without humour is an annoyance; she is as the touch of wet velvet, or a mouse nibbling in the night ; she is a cigar whose wrapper is torn, and the air leaketh therein. Nothing can mend her.—GELErr BURGESS.

* * There were some lively p*assages at the meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians on Wednesday. ‘Mr. A. J. Jolley offered sundry criticisms of the 'estimates and even went so far as to move the levying of a Gd. rate instead of the 7d. recommended by the Clerk. Mr. Sutton warmly resented the proposal and advised the Board that if they fixed the reduced rate they would be obliged to make another levy to meet the year's expenses. No seconder of Mr. Jolley's amendment was forthcoming and the estimates as presented by the Clerk were approved. It was regrettable that so much heat was generated and that Mr. Sutton took the matter so- greally to heart as to express regret that he had not resigned before the meeting. We believe Mr. Jolley was within his rights in offering any comments he considered necessary, as this is the only opportunity afforded to the members to express themselves, but, as the Chairman hinted, he was inclined to pursue the matter too persistently. The Clerk assured the Board that the estimates were based on the most accurate information at his disposal and even if the 7d. call was found to produce too much, the money would be avail- able for the next half-year.

* • Some striking figures with regard to the smoke nuisance and its prevention were given in a paper read at the Sanitary Inspector's Conference at Llandudno on Wednesday by Mr. W. Nicholson, of Sheffield. He estimated that there was in the atmosphere over these islands daily thousands of tons of coal in the form of vapour, and of the 150,000,000 tons of c3al consumed annually in this country a third might be saved if a sensible and scientific system were adopted in the burning of the fuel. Owing to the crusade of the Smoke Abatement Association, founded in Sheffield due to the advocacy of the late Sir W. C. Leng, that city which was formerly so much afflicted with the smoke nuisance, had, owing to the adoption of drastic measures by the Corporation, so improved that last year it had 1,437 hours of sunshine, or 368 more than Manchester, 367 more than Bradford. 265 more than Glasgow, 189 more than Leeds, 186 more than Birmingham, 158 more than Edinburgh, 53 more than York, and 53 more than Bettws-y-Coed. He reoommended that the law, which now only prohibited " black smoke," should be made to apply also to every kind of visible smoke emitted from chimneys, and that domestic fires should be included, inasmuch as the smoke from dwelling-houses was due to defect in combustion which might be overcome by the provision of proper grates and by the proper management of the fires.

* * * The Act to permit the release on probation of offenders in certain cases is one of great significance. The special clause with regard to the absention from intoxicating liquor gives the magistrates a splendid opportunity of reforming the drunkard who comes before the Court charged with a minor offence. Magistrates now have the power to say to an offender that, to obtain the merciful consideration of the Court, he may purge his offence and avoid the stain and Ignominy of a conviction, provided he will promise not to drink for a prescribed period. Failure to keep such promise renders him liable to be arrested, con. - victed and punished for his original offence. This !S practically the plan which Judge Pollard initiated in his Court at St. Louis, and by which, after a four years' trial, he has saved hundreds of drunkards; 98 per cent keeping the pledge. To quote Judge Pollard the law became of more majesty when it saved, when it lifted up, and made a sober and better citizen than when it punished a man." Penalties and imprisonment have little effect on the drunkard. But the probationary period may help him to withstand temptation and become a useful citizen. Further information and pledge forms for use in Courts mai be obtained from Mr. Walter East, Marian House Leicester.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- 4 doc.,0••.•••

===== 0002601_19070921_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, September 21, 1907.

index to Inside Pages.

PAGE , 2. Women's Chat and Fashions. 1 Women's Realm. Serial : Verdict of the Heart. Revising the Lists. I 3. Tale: Lady Lindsay's Paying Guest. By Robert H. Sherard. Crosfield's Bowling Club. Warrington Board of Guardians. Family Neglect. 7. Science Notes. Football. County Education Committee. Oddfellows' Meeting. The fortnightly meeting of the Loyal Friendly Lodge No. 1087 was held at the Blue Lion Inn, Market Place, on Monday evening. Bro. George Wood was i in the N.G. chair, and Bro. Peacock n the vice, supported by District Master John Machin, District Secretary, Joseph Perry, District Treasurer William Pennington, P.P.G.M., Hy. Longshaw ; and Bros. William Hill and John Burgess, P.G. John Appleby,- Henry Brandwood and Joseph Wooley. There was a large attendance. The Chairman called upon D.M. J. Meachin to present an emblem to P.G.W.G. Burgess for services rendered to his lodge. Bro. Meachin said it gave him great pleasure to present such a beautiful , picture to Bro. Burgess, whom he had known from his boyhood. He hoped it would be an incentive to further w irk. (Applause.) Congratulatory speeches were delivered by Bros. Longshaw, Hill, Pennington, Peacock, Perry, Woolley and others. Songs were rendered by P.G. Robert Meachin, Perry and Burgess, after which the lodge was closed in due form. Presentation. There was an interesting ceremony at Messrs. Peacock's Bazaar Co.'s works, West-street, on Monday when Miss Eva Cummings, who is leaving for Wellington, New Zealand, was the recipient of a leather writing case and handsome dressing case, the former from the proprietors, and the latter from the employees. Miss Gladys Wilkinson in a few well- chosen words made the presentation on behalf of the firm, and hoped Miss Cummings would enjoy good health in her new sphere of life, and assured her that she went with the very best wishes of the firm. The present from the employees was given on their behalf by Miss Lally White, who hoped that Miss Cummings' relationship with her companions in the future in her new home, would be as happy and pleasant as during lir service at West-street warehouse. Miss Cummings suitably thanked the donors, and said the valuable presents would be looked upon by her in the far distant land with the pleasantest recollections and she hoped the wishes of her companions would he fulfilled. Shorthand Writers' Association, Excellent arrangements have been made for the ensuing session of this Association's work, which will be the second year of its existence. In addition to speed practice at varying rates from 70 words a minute upwards, and the elucidation of awkward and difficult outlines and other phonographic obscurities, as well as an examination in the "winged art," special attention has been directed to the literary half of the programme, which is a prominent feature of the Society. The papers and lectures comprise com- mercial, literary and scientific subjects of a high order, the list of lecturers including such well-known local names as the Rev. Canon S ;evenson, M.A., Mr. C. Madeley, Mr. E. S. A. Robson, 1N1.5.C., Mr. F. M. Darby, Mils. Bac., Mr. H. 11. Ashton, M.P.S., Mr. G. J. Brown, F.1.P.5., Mr. J. Watson. F.R.A.S., M I M.E., and several others. Nor has the social element been overlooked, two convivial gatherings being announced to take place during the session. A slight alteration has been made in the rules as to membership this year. Full members will now need to be capable of writing shorthand at the rate of at least 70 words a minute, but persons interested in the literary part of the programme will be eligible for admission as Associates, at a reduced subscription. The C immittee hope that their efforts will be appre- ciated by shorthand writers, and others interested, throughout the town, in a practical way, namely, by their joining the Association, and embracing and fully utilising the opportunities now offered to them, at a very moderate charge, of cultivating the mind and gaining knowledge from the lectures and papers which will be useful to them not only in the world of com- merce but in that greater world outside. The opening meeting for the session is fixed for Wednesday next, the 25th inst., at the Winmarleigh Caf6, Sankey- street, at 7.30 p.m., when speed practice will be followed by the reading of a paper entitled " Thomas Carlyle." Intending members are requested to attend this meeting for the purpose of enrolment. Any other information in reference to the Association may be obtained on application being made to the Hon. Secretary Mr. J. Marsh, 15 Rolleston-street, Warring- ton.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
NATIONAL SERVICE LEAGUE. -- Fourth Annual Report.

The fourth annual report of the Warrington branch of the National Service League has just been issued. The balance sheet shows an income of £94 its. Gd. and an expenditure of £ll2 3s. 6d., deficit £l7 12s. ; the debit balance is accounted for, says the report, by the dona- tion to the Lancashire Committee (L 10 The increase in numbers continues to be very satis- factory. The thanks of the Committee are due to those honorary helpers whose efforts have largely been responsible for this gratifying addition to the strength of the Branch. In this connection they cannot forbear to make special reference to the excellent work done by Mr. Adams, of Messrs. Monks Hall and Co. The members of this firm alone are now 181. After reviewing the meetings which have been held during the year, the report goes on to say that shooting has become deservedly popular amongst the members of the Branch, and the thanks of every member are due to our President for providing Warrington with a range, as well as for the personal encouragement he has in other ways extended to rifle shooting. It is essential, however,that we should not lose sight cf the only practical way of achieving a real reform, one which will at one and the same time bring health and vigour to our city youth, and render this country immune from attack. If in Warrington, for example, we could prove that, let us say, three quarters of the voters were in favour of our proposals, there is little doubt that both candidates would speak out in favour of the League. This then is what we have got to strive for before the next election. We say the next election advisedly, for if we put off the day of preparation too long we may arrive too late. It is encouraging to hear on all hands that nothing has helped forward our cause more than Nfr. Haldane's Bill. Especially is this the case in Volunteer circles. Mr. Haldane has very rightly tried to improve the efficiency of the Volunteers by more stringent regulations. A private must in future serve for a period of four years ; he must go to camp at least for one week ; he must pay a fine if he wishes to leave before his period of service is up. These regulations are, we repeat in the right direction, because they make for efficiency But what do they show ? Why, the inherent injustice of expecting a few to do the duty of the many ; of increasing the load on the willing horse. We have no doubt, but that in a very short time Mr. Haldane's measure will prove the impossibility of inducing the patriotic few to undertake these additional burdens. Furthermore, the War Minister's doctrine that the really serious training can be given after war breaks out will itself make employers of labour think twice before employing men who have this liability hanging over their heads. It is a very different matter when the law is the same for all, especially as in this case, the serious training would be done while the man is young, at the age of IR or 19, when he can best be spared.

There are five aldermen who retire in November and rumour is already busy with their's and other names. Alderman Francomb is said to be unlikely to seek re-election, and the others who retire are Aldermen Smethurst, Bolton, Evans and Forshavv. The names of Councillors Evans, Fulton Smith, Burton and Ellison had been mentioned as possible candidates for any vacancies. Given a contest and there is likely to be some interesting voting on any of these names.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in THE WIDNES DISASTER. all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor The funeral of William Price, one of the victims of a guarantee of good faith, the canal boat disaster at Widnes, took place at Flint Matter intended for publication must be written Cemetery on Monday afternoon. The funeral was on one side only of the paper and sent in, if possible,not largely attended. The deceased was for years a member ater than Thursday. of the 2nd Battalion Royal Welsh Fusiliers, Flint Castle - Lodge of Oddfellows, and Flint Football team. The Christianity in China, coffin was covered with beautiful wreaths. i SHOCKING ACCIDENT TO A WIDNES

Sir, —ln your report of my sermon on Dr. Morrison BARGEMAN. and Christian Missions in China, you quote me as saying A shocking accident betel a Widnes bargeman named , that there are now 15,000 Church members, representing Thomas O'Neill at the Brunswick Dock, Liverpool, on a Christian community of half a million people. This , Tuesday evening. The man was working the ropes is a mistake so important as to justify correction. while his boat was being brought out of a lock, and What I said was that there are one hundred and fifty had fastened one of the ropes to a pillar, when, without thousand Church members,—Faithfully yours, its being noticed, the rope twined round his leg, and JOHN YONGE. becoming taut before it could be removed, almost tore Wycliffe Church, September 14th, 1907. the man's leg off. He was immediately conveyed to the Royal Southern Hospital, where amputation of the Trade Unionists and Land injured limb was found necessary. Nationalization. NEW FIRE ENGINE FOR WIDNES. , The Widnes Town Council have decided to adopt Sir,—Now that the working classes are interesting motor fire apparatus and have passed the Committee's themselves in legislative changes more effectively than recommendation to procure a Merryweather motor they have ever done before, the recommendations of "Fire King" steam fire engine, of a capacity of 400 the annual Trade Union Congress acquire an additional gallons per minute, and capable of attaining a speed of significance. The representatives of nearly two million 20 to 30 miles an hour on the road. The new engine trade unionists decided last week at Bath to concentrate their future efforts upon several reforms, will also be fitted with an ausiliary pump throwing a important being land nationalization. the most small jet for "first aid," as used in Edinburgh. This order is the outcome of exhaustive tests with a motor This unanimous decision arrived at by the educated "Fire King" which were made in Widnes and district leaders of the most skilled and best organised working last month, when the superiority of such an engine over men and women in the country is deserving of special horse drawn apparatus was clearly vindicated. In view emphasis. They recognise that the private ownership of the large ohemical works and other factories in the of land is injurious to the welfare of the masses of the town, it is important that a fire should be attacked people in various ways. It lies at the root of the with all possible speed, and the new engine will be able underpayment of labour, and of the existence of the to tnrn out ih about a minute from receipt of call, unemployed, and it is mainly responsible for rural whilst on arrival the pumps can at once be brought into depopulation and for urban overcrowding. It limits action, no matter how long or short the run may be. the prodnction of wealth by witholding security of WIDNES REVISION CORUT. tenure which is the greatest stimulus to industry, and . it impoverishes the actual producers by handing over , IMPORTANT DECISION. vast sums every year which are absolutely unearned by ' Mr. C. H. M. Wharton' Revising Barrister, sat at the the men who spend them. Widnes Town Hall, on Tuesday, to revise the list of Some of your readers would perhaps like to know the voters. The only case of interest was that of a man arguments for nationalising the land and the methods named Lea who made a claim to be registered as a advocated for its achievement, voter in respect of his occupation by way of succession If they will drop me a line I shall be very pleased to of 4, Albert-road, and 2, Dean-street. The claimant send some papers gratuitously.—Yours faithfully, , appeared to support his claim, and it was elicited by JOSEPEI RYDER. Mr. Murch, who appeared for the Conservatives, that Land Nationalisation Society, 432, West Strand, theclaimant had,in addition to the premises mentioned, London, W.C. also occupied a further succession during the qualify- -- , ing period. The Revising Barrister said he proposed PAr. McKenna as a Stuart Sovereign, ito amend the claim. He had carefully considered the appeal cases,and considered that the case cited by Mr. Sir,—A little while ago I sought to draw the Murch did not apply; but, having regard to the decision attention of your readers to the curious parallel trace- in Ford v. Hear, his ruling would hold good until a able between the principles of Cromwell's arbitrary more definite opinion was given on the reading of the rule when it was at its worst and those affected by the Act.—Mr. Murcia, in view of the importance of the present Government. But strange to say, as if one decision, intimated that in all probability a similar sample of arbitrary rule was not sufficient, the same ruling would be appealed against next year. Al people are furnishing us now with a sample of arbitrary rule in accordance with the worst traditions of the j A HATCHET TO HIS WIFE.

_ . _ , __....... Stuarts. The Minister of Education, Mr. McKenna, in ' At Widnes, on Monday, Michael Quinn, a chemical his recent new regulations for Secondary Schools has labourer, Cross-street, was charged with unlawfully boldly claimed for himself that particular dispensing power, for claiming which James 11. was hunted out wounding his wife, Julia, on the sth inst.—ActingSuperintendent Blackburne stated that Quinn had been of the Kingdom. The trial of the seven bishops practically turned upon the point whether or no the on the sick list for some weeks, and had been drinking. King had any power to dispense with the laws made On the sth instant he left the house at nine o'clock, when his wife said to him "If you have drawn your by Parliament ; and it was settled once for all that the club money, -von had better go and spend it in drink." King had no such power. The action of the bishops on that memorable occasion won one of the greatest He replied "*No fear," and went out. Returning by the victories over arbitrary rule that our history furnishes, back door an hour afterwards, he found his wife and they did it in the best and most legitimate way. sitting by the fire with her back towards the That your readers may see that Mr. McKenna claims, door. He struck her two violent blows on the in the regulations sent out by him from his Education head with a hatchet, and she fell to the Office, to overrule and set aside Acts of Parliament, floor on her knees saying, "Oh, Mike, don't Statutes, &c. I simply cite the opening words of murder me." Bleeding profusely, she went to a Section 23 of these regulations :—" The instrument doctor. and her injuries were attended to.—Mrs. Quinn, under which the School is governed (whether in the after being sworn, said, "I don't want to press the form of a Trust Deed, Scheme, Charter, Act of Parlia- charge against him. I gave him a lot of provocation ment, Statutes, Regulations or Minutes) must not," before he struck me." She repeatedly refused to answer &c. ! Hero follow the requirements which I need not copy. questions, and only on the chairtaain of the bench pressing her did she reply.—Dr. John Hutchinson said —I am, &c., witness came to his surgery on the sth inst., suffering from two punctured wounds on the back of the head, I almost penetrating the bone. They were serious, and i might have killed her. She lost a lot of blood, and he i had to administer an anamthetic before attending to the wound.—Prisoner, who asked no questions, seemed i to feel his position. He was committed to the next ' Liverpool Assizes. . BOARD OF GUARDIANS. A meeting of this Board was held at Datton Work house on Tuesday, Mr. G. Pilling presiding. There were also present :—Messrs. T. Wright, S. Woodward, T. Baxter, P. Booth, Lawrence-Bolton, A. Haining, G. Egerton-Warburton, J. L. Jones, J. 11. Davies, T. Heaton Bretherton, Admiral Jones-Parry, J. Hallows, J. Winstanley, W. M. Morris, J. Douglas, P. Collins. G. F. Ashton (clerk), Dr. Adams (medical officer of health), J. Swinton and W. Diggle (surveyors). EINANCIA.I. POSITION. _

E. C. E. CARLETON.

Holy Trinity Vicarage, 18th September, 1907. P.S.—The November elections are coining on and it will be just as well for the ratepayers to bear in mind not only the burden of taxation, which is bad enough, but also the fact that there are just now those in authority who are openly attacking the very founda- tions of liberty in the land.

The Clerk (Mr. G. F. Ashton) submitted the estimate of expenditure for the ensuing half-year. Common fund expenses' £4,885; county rate, £8,314; contingencies, £4,612. The net expenditure to be provided for was £10,824, and a rate of lid in the pound on an assessable value of £228,917 would produce £10,492. It was decided to issue precepts upon the overseers accord- ingly. There was a deduction I-4 the ratc, of a penny in the pound. (Hear, hear.) orm7DERs. The following tenders were accepted :—Groceries, Messrs. J. C. Kydd and Co., Frodsham for £349 7s. 3d. Butchers meat, Mr. S. Hancock, Frodsham, £149 9s. 2d. Boots, &c., Mr. J. W. Bozley, Runcorn. Drysaltory,lVlr. J. H. Weston, Runcorn. Drapery, Mr. P. R. Wright, Halton, £9O 4s. Bd. Clothing, Messrs. J. Hunter and Son, Liverpool, £9l 2s. 9d. Carting ,to Scragg, Aston, Messrs. Booth and Sons, Runcorn. Fuel, Messrs E. T. Evans and Co., Ltd., Haydock. Gas, The Runcorn Gas Co. Painting, Messrs. F. Lowe. Lime and white- wash, T. Pollard. POOR LAW CONFERENCE. On the motion of Mr. Woodward, Messrs. Wright, Baxter,Mynekyme and Pilling were appointed delegates for the North Western Poor Law Conference. PANTASAPH ORPHANAGE. The Clerk presented the report of their visit to Pantasaph Orphanage which showed th3,t there were eight girls chargeable to the Union. One of them was seventeen years of age. The committee wanted to know what was the reason that this girl was not out of the institution. It was proved to the committee that she was not sufficiently strong enough to be removed. Mr. Woodward explained that it was a great pleasure for the children to be there. Mr. Morris seconded. The report was adopted.

VACCINATION FEES. The Board approved of the following fees which had been sent to them by the medical officers. Each success- ful vaccination or re-vaccination at house of person situate within one mile of the surgery. Runcorn, 3s. Gd. ; any other district, 45.; more than one mile but not over two miles from surgery, Runcorn ss. ; any other districs, 65.; more than two miles from surgery, Runcorn. 6s. ; other districts, 7s, 6d. For the second and third cases at the same house a shilling. RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. _

---- - A meeting of this council was held at Dutton Work- 1 house on Tuesday afternoon Mr. G. Pilling presiding. There were also present :—Messrs. J. P. Wright, S. Woodward, T. Baxter, P. Booth, Lawrence Bolton, A. Haiming G. Egerton-Warburton, J. L. Jones, J. H. Davies, T. Heaton Bretherton, Admiral Jones-Parry, J. Hallows, J. Winstanley together with Mr. G. F. Ashton (clerk), Dr. Adams (medical officer of health), J. Swinton and W. Diggle (surveyors). THE SALE OP DISEASED CARCA.SES. A circular was read from the Local Government Board with respect to the sale for human food of diseased cattle and especially of cows suffering from tuberculons or other wasting disease. The Board understood that it was the practice of some dealers though unaware of the diseased condition of the animals coming into their hands so to dispose of their carcases that there is risk that they will be used as food for the poorer classes in London and other large towns. With a view to anticipating and so averting possible or intended infringement of the law the Board advised that the local authority should instruct their officers to

===== 0002601_19070921_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN COUNCIL. The November Changes.

A caucus meeting of the Town Council will be held on Monday evening to consider the election of Mayor for the coining year. Already people are beginning to talk of the November Elections, although the political parties have not yet Viken any steps to select candidates. The following is a list of the retiring Councillors : Town Hall Ward: Councillor Wilding. Whitecross Ward: Councillor Hawthorn. Bewsev Ward: Councillor Skelland. Orford Ward: Councillor Wilkinson. St. John's Ward: Councillor Fulton-Smith. Fairfield Ward: Councillor Duncan. Howley Ward: Councillor Clegg. St. Austin's Ward: Councillor Barton. Latchford Ward: Councillor Ellison. The Aldermen who retire in November are :—Alder- men Smethurst, Forshaw, Evans, Francomb and Bolton.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

Opening Next Monday.

Monday evening will witness the opening of the Palace and Hippodrome which has been erected at the junction of Barbauld-street and Friars' Gate, and we believe the verdict of Warrington theatre-goers I will be that the building is a great acquisition to the 1 town. The work which has proceeded with such remarkable rapidity is now almost completed, but yesterday the theatre still presented a scene of activity, workmen being engaged in putting the finishing touches to some of the embellishments which add a great deal to the general effect. The beautiful scenery was being placed in readiness for the opening performance, and it required no stretch of the imagination to realise that the appearance of the stage will be most pleasing. The theatre is handsome and commodious and everything possible is done for thc comfort of the audience. The seating arrange- ments are perfect and an uninterrupted view of the stage is obtained from every part of the house. The decorations are in the best of taste, the domed ceiling being particularly striking. For the opening week a splendid programme has been arranged. The chief attraction will be the musical farcical burletta entitled "High Jinks " or "Fun on the Sands" which will be presented by John Tiller's Company of forty performers. This is one of the smartest things of the kind on the variety stage, and its performance will occupy about forty-five minutes. It tells of the adventures which which befel Mr. George Desmond Done on h;,s little holiday and is certain to prove highly glansing. There are three scenes—On the sands; Corridor in the Casino; and The Casino. The Tiller troupe will appear as Maisie, Daisy,Minnie and Winnie, members of the Purity Brigade, and the company all round is an excellent one. The remainder of the programme will present many novel features. Kurkamp, the famous singing conductor, and his harpist, Chapman, will appear in a unique turn. Knrkamp possesses a wonderful voice and he not only sings but con- ducts the orchestra, while Chapina,n is an expert on the harp. The Sisters Reno, expert dancers, will provide a popular item, and Tennyson and Wallis, comedians, have the reputation of being well to the fore in their particular line. Some exceptionally fine animated pictures will be exhibited by Raymond's bio-tableaux. There will be two houses nightly—at 7 and 9—and the prices will suit all classes. They are :—Gallery 3d, early doors 4d. ; , pit (covering the whole of the ground floor) 6d. early I doors 9d. ; circle is., early doors is. 3d.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITE CITY, MANCHESTER.

-- - With a list of attractions covering almost every field of entertainment, the White City is a feature no one can afford to ignore. At no place in Great Britain has the field of amusement been more thoroughly covered, and it gives the place a distinct individuality, it is in a class entirely by itself, it has met with public fever ever since its opening. And now another new and distinct feature will be added. The Management have invited competition for a 9 stone Wrestling Championship Match,which will commence on Monday, October 7th, and continue daily. The first prize being a Championship Belt which becomes the absolute property of the winners. Other cash prizes are offered to other competitors. The competition will be conducted under the recognised rules of catch-as- catch-can style of wrestling in Lancashire. The interest already manifested in this competition is great, as most of all of the well-known wrestlers in this style have entered. At least two competitions will be given each evening in an especially constructed arena. To strengthen the artistic programme of the Rousey Concerts given under the direction of Herr Ludwig Blattner the well-known Irnpressario of Hamburg, Germany, which will be held in the maanificent ball- room at the White City on Friday afternoon and even- ing, September 20th, when Josef Rousey the "Gipsy Violinist" will make his first appearance since havir been commanded by H.M. The King, the manageny has engaged Signor Carlo Pollono, the popular ten' the Royal Opera House, Turin, Italy, who wi' make his first bow before a North of England r

1.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Thr aorough Member. Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P.,was present at the banquet given on Thursday evening in the Philarmonic Liverpool, by the Liverpool Chamber of Commerce to the president and delegates of the Association of Chambers of Commerce. The Right Hon. R. B. Haldane, M.P., minister for War, was the principal guest and proposed the toast of " The Association of Chambers of Commerce of the United Kingdom."

Local Organist's Departure. Mr. T. G. Reeves, who for some years has been the organist of St. Cross Church, Appleton, set sail for , Canada, where he takes up a new appointment, on IThursday. The Vicar of Appleton (Rev. F. E. Evans) in his sermon on Sunday evening a paid high tribute to the conscientious way in which Mr. Reeves had discharged his duties and wished him " God-speed " in his new sphere. Mr. Reeves has been the recipient of several handsome gifts from the choir and other Church workers at Appleton. TABLE, FLOOR AND HANGING LAMPS. New Designs now showing.-3, S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge- street, Warrington.—Advt. Choir Boys' Trip. On Saturday the boy members of the Church of the Sacred Heart choir had their first annual outing to Frodsham. They assembled at Bank Quay Station, and, accompanied by their choirmaster, 'Air. John Gibbins, and the organist, Mr. Wilfrid Hardiman, pro- ceeded to Frodsham by the 12.50 train. On arrival they rambled around the hills, and football and racing were indulged in. Tea was partaken of at Mersey View, and the return journey was Made at 7.15. Before dispersing the lads accorded a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Gibbins for carrying out the arrange- ments so satisfactorily on their behalf. Wycliffe P.S.A. The meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A. on Sunday was well attended, the Secretary (Mr. B. Farrar) presiding. Mr. Robinson, of Rochdale, gave the address upon "Coming to Christ,"pointing out that it needed energy, perseverance, and fortitude, with a watchful prayed u,- ness, to get near to and keep near Christ. Mr. E. Pearse sang, " The people that walked in darkness" and "Why do the Nations ?" in a masterly manner, the hearty applause showing the members' appreciation of his songs. The Rev. John Yonge offered prayer and Councillor Hawthorn read the lesson. Six new Imembers received a very hearty welcome, bringing the total up to 394. , S PLENDLD PURE BUTTER,IOd. per lb.at ASHLEY'S.—Advt Bazaar at Risley. In connection with the Risley Independent Methodist Church, a grand bazaar was opened on Thursday afternoon by Mrs. Joseph Mason of Fearnhead, M. Adam Horrocks presiding. There was a good attend- ance at the opening proceedings including Councillor Barton of Warrington, and other well- known gentlemen. The bazaar is being held at Fearnhead in Mr. Joseph Mason's warehouse which has been very prettily decorated both outside and inside, flags and festoons being extensively used and stretching right across the highway. In addition fairy lights are hung upon the warehouse, making a very pretty effect at night. The ladies of the district patronised the stalls very freely during the course of the day At the end of the first day's proceedings 'it was stated that, including donations from Mr. Horrocks, Mr. Mason, Mr. Smith (who has recently cone t America) and others, the takings amounted' to £133. The object of the bazaar is for the erection of a new church.

Wesleyan Quarterly Meeting. The quarterly meetiniof the Warrington Wesleyan Circuit was held at Padgate on Thursday, when there was an unusually large number of representatives from the various places. Tea was provided in the schoolroom, and the business meeting held immedi- ately afterwards, the Rev. Sidney Pitt presiding. A most hearty welcome was accorded to the Rev. Thos. Miller, recently appointed as successor to the Rev. J. Manning. The numerical returns showed that there were 912 members in the circuit. The financial statement of the stewards, Mr. John Upson and Mr. R. H Meldrurn, was regarded as satisfactory, for whilst the ministerial change had necessitated increased expenditure, yet the ordinary income quite meets the ordinary requirements. After a brief conversation on the subject of the Class Meeting, it was decided to hold a convention of leaders at Bold- street on October 27th, with a view to the more efficient conducting of the classes. Foreign Mission affairs came under review, and the hope was expressed that the meetings to be held in the Autumn, for which arrangements have been 'made, would result in a further increase of income. Last year there was a satisfactory increase of over .00. Mr. W. Silcock was re-appointed missionary treasurer, and the Rev. Thomas Miller and Messrs. T. G. Withinshaw and G. Weaver, jun.. elected secretaries, with Mr. E. J. Mitchell as magazine secretary. Mr. J. E. Richardson was re-appointed treasurer of the Superannuated Ministers Fund. Attention was called by the Rev. Sidney Pitt to the claims of the fund, and he reported additional subscribers. The meeang throughout was characterisea by a spirit of groat hopefulness in view of the work of the New Ccanexional year. " HERALD " KITCHEN HINGES and " Peveril " Fire Grates are unsurpassed. Inspection invited. —J. S. GARLAND, 51, 55, Bridge-street, Warrington. —Advt. Presentation of Emblem of Merit. The quarterly meeting of the " Olive Branch Lodge" Loyal Order of Ancient Shepherds, was held at the Rose and Crown Inn, Bridge-street, on Saturday last. The Lodge balance sheet was read by the Secretary (J. Haley, P.P.C.S.) and showed a net gain for the quarter of £7 18s. 2d.' and from the cor- responding quarter of last year of 07 2s. 3d., which was considered good for a small lodge of 27 members. —At the close of the ordinary business, the presenta- tion of an emblem of merit was made to Past Master James Denton. The emblem, which was handsomely framed in dark solid oak, was presented by the District Chief (Bro. Peter L. Edgar) who spoke of the sacrifice of the many pleasures of home and social life for the welfare and stability of these institutions of thrift, and complimented the recipient on his long connection of usefulness with the Lodge.—Bro. J. Baskerville, P.P.C.S., referred in warm terms to the worthy compliment paid to a worthy brother.—The Deputy Chief (Bro. Gilhooley) spoke in warm terms of appreciation of Bro. Denton's loyalty to duty.— Br.'. William Miles spoke of the recipient's long con- nection with the Lodge, and his retention of harness after many years of service.—After a few words from the Secretary, Bro. Denton very feelingly returned thanks for the many kind things said about him, and promised to still go on in the same old path of duty.— The emblem was greatly admired by many who cattle to view it. A GOOD EYE TEST IS to read the small print in the newspaper 10 inches from the eye, not farther, each eye to be tested separately. If you cannot do this you should at once consult JOHNSTON WATSON, Eyesight and Spectacle Specialist, 84, Bridge-street, Warrington. —Advt.

CRAWFORD'S CREAM

CRACKERS.

CRISP , AND CREAMY

as •is to ou afford

Al also _Audience.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
take steps in the event of such animals being slaughtered, that the carcase disposed of properly. The Board suggested that the sanitary authority and other suitable officers should watch closely the cattle markets, slaughter-houses and knackers' yards in the district with the view of satisfying themselves that no animal, the condition of which appears unfit for human consumption, is disposed of in such a manner that it is likely to be used for this purpose. They also forwarded volumurous regulation as to cholera, yellow fever and plague with special reference to ships arriving from foreign parts.

INSPECTOR OF NUISANCES. The Local Government Board wrote sanctioning the re-appointment of Mr. John Farrington as Inspector of Nuisances at an inclusive salary of .£l9O per annum.

INCREASE OF SCARLET FEVER. Mr. Woodward in presenting the report of the Isolation Hospital Committee said he was very sorry to inform the council that they had now ten cases of scarlet fever in the hospitai. The hospital, a short while ago, was clear, and it looked as if they were going to have it full again. The report wrs approved. THE CLERKS ESTIMATE OF EXPENDITURE. The Clerk issued his estimate of expenditure for the ensuing half-year which was as follows : Probable expenditure £4,110, amount to meet expenses if called upon £3,462 total £7,572. Deduct— probable balance at 30th September, 1907, £4,114, net expenditure to be provided for £3,458. The assessable value of the district was £172,932 and a rate of sd. in the pound would produce £3,605. It was therefore necessary to call upon the overse3rs at the several parishes to provide the amount to be made payable by instalments on the Bth of November,l9o7 and on the Bth of November 1908. He was pleued to inform them that there would be a deduction in the rates of 2d. in the pound.

The White Star liner Cymric arrived from Boston at Queenstown on Thursday and reported the suicide on the 13th inst., in the presence of the passengers, of an American cattleman named James Burke, who jumped overboard.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

POACHING.

At the Newton Petty Sessions last week Charles Collier was charged with poaching on land belonging to Lord Newton on September 3rd. Mr. Arthur Browne prosecuted for Lord Newton.—William Middleton, keeper, deposed to finding a snare set and watching it most of the night on September 2, and again the next motning, on Mr. Coward's farm, at the back of Vista Lane. In the morning the defendant took up the snare and witness who knew him well, called out to him and chased him.—Corroborative evidence was given by a little boy named Johnson, and Mr. Coward.—Defendant admitted picking up the snare, but denied having set it. —Fined ss. and costs, and advocate's fee. VETERAN TRADE UNIONIST'S DEATH.

The funeral took place at Billinge on Saturday of the late Mr. T. Berry, of 220, Crow-lane West, Earlestown. The deceased had been ill for about six months, and died last week. A native of Billinge, the late Mr. Berry was an engine-winder, for many years in the employ of Messrs. R. Evans and Co. at Qu€ in and Wood pits, Haydock. He was a member of the Winders' Trade Union and Foresters up till delth. Returning to Earlestown in 1880 the deceased was from that time employed in various capacities at the Waggon Works of the L. & N.-W. Railway. Mrs. Berry pre-deceased her husband in October, 1905. Mr. Berry leaves two daughters, the youngest of whom is unmarried and resided with her father. Much sympathy is felt and expressed for her in the hour of sorrow and bereave- ment, Miss Berry being well-known in the district as teacher at the Wesleyan Schools. Mr. Berry was a member of the Strict Baptist Church, Haydock. BURTONWOOD VICAR ON HARVEST FESTIVALS.

' The Rev. A. M. Mitchell, vicar of Bartonwood, writing in the Parish Magazine, describes the harvest festival as a service of lies. The Church would have done well if she had omitted this undesirable novelty from her services altogether. Much harm is done by services which help to bolster up unreality, falsehood and hypocrisy. The festival never fails to attract a motley crowd of the vuglar, irreligious Godless, and profane, who make this, their service of lies, do duty for a year's attendance. It is an annual agricultural show with parsonio and wardenic eyes (-Ist upon possible underlying dollars. Great cauliflower, monster cabbage, champion potato, huge carrot, swollen turnip are all on view fishing for compliment from Ton-, Dick, and Harry. Withdraw the show and an eager mob of the riff-raff of the Church will vanish. Flesh-eaters make the festival a service of lies ; fruitarians or food reformers are the only consistent worshippers. If we insisted on meats as necessary and God-given, why not adorn the churches with the trophies of butchers, the art triumphs of poulterers, and the fishmongers' marvellous skill?

===== 0002601_19070921_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

LODGING HOUSE THEFT.

Joseph Costello was sent to prison at St. Helens, on Saturday, for four days' hard labour on a charge of stealing from a lodging house, at Sandfield-crescent, on Tuesday, August 27. POACHING NEAR ST. HELENS.

William Wainwright, of Thatto Heath, pleaded guilty at St. Helens cn Saturday to night poaching. Mr. T. Garner said that the man was caught by Thomas Rimmer, a gamekeeper for the Earl of Derby, on land in the occupation of Mr. Valentine, at Eccleston, at 230 on Saturday morning. The keeper, who was accompanied by two policemen, caught Wainwright with a newly-killed hare in his possession, as well as a net and other implements. He was fined 40s. and costs.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
TRAINING CHILD STEEPLEJACKS.

On Monday, at St. Helens, John Thomao Akiens, professional steeplejack, was charged with causing his three children, aged five, seven, and fifteen respectively to act as steeplejacks, contrary to the Dangerous Per- formances of Childrens Act. The chimney which they had ascended was a hundred and ten feet high, and the manager of the Roughdales Brickworks considered the performance dangerous. Akiens said it had been the custom with his family to train the children from the moment they could walk. As the Bench considered that Akiens had acted under a misapprehension they ordered him to pay costs and bound him over not to permit his children to go up again till they were of legal age. POLICE AND GANIB.ERS.

At St. Helens on Monday a young man named William Bamber, of Avenue C6ttage, Peasley Cross- lane, was charged with street betting, and James Stringfellow was charged with aiding and abetting. Sergeant Acker said that early on Tuesday, the 3rd inst., he secreted himself along with Police-Constable Smith in position to watch the road opposite the Hawk and Back public-hous.), Peasley Cross-lane. Bamber came on the scene at 1'2.15, and until 130 he kept moving backwards and forwards from the roadway to waste land off Peasley Cross-lane. Stringfellow and others acted as scouts, and kept Bam'oer fully inform(' of the movements of the police on street duty in neighbourhood.-13amber was fined 40s. and 19 costs or a month, and Stringfellow 10s. 6d. and costs or fourteen days.

ACCIDENT AT ST. HELENS JUNE At St. Helens Junction Station, on V- Manchester line, on Monday, a train o' which was being shunted on to a crashed through the stop-bloVr, rar to the platform, and was only r from the stationmaster's fror the 8.34 a.m. from Lime•s. misunderstanding, it was was what is known_as a t•

van and the carriage damaged, while the e• for some time. rb,

minutes past ninc ing of the maw

the ,s. 6d. us. 6d.

j rioN.

ie Liverpool to L seven carriages, .e St. Helens line, across the entrance up a few inches door.—The train was .reet, and, owing to some shunted too far. The train Ain electric train. The guard's next t,o it were considerably .trance to the station was blocked j accident, which occurred about ten ), in no way interfered with the work- line. A breakdown gang,after a couple

===== 0002601_19070921_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUND FINANCF

Shares are subject to £9' very violent fluctuation, 7" during one month this year the drop in value of the leading shares of this country was

135 million portlier

To invest in shar gamble. Can)' it P

It leads f Court. The is Br

===== 0002601_19070921_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
or of

===== 0002601_19070921_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
of hours' work, cleared away the smash. STEAMSHIP PASSENGERS' LOSSES. CHARGE AGAINST A ST. HELENS MAN. On the arrival on Friday at the Liverpool Landing stage of the steamer Spaniel from Glasgow a man. named William Henry Innes, of 21, Liverpool-road, St. Helens, was handed over to the police on charges of robbing passengers on board the vessel.—lnnes was brought before Mr. Stewart at the Dale-street Police Court on Saturday when the following charges were Ipreferred against him :—(1) Of having stolen 21s. from the person of William Hill ; (2) of haling stolen from the person of Albert Anderson a gold ring and pipe; (3) of hiving been in unlawful possession of an over- coat. According to the stltement of Chief Inspector Holbrook, it appeared that prisoner and prosecutors ''ere steerage passengers on board the Sdaniel, which left Glasgow for Liverpool on Thursday. At about ten o'clock at night Hill fell asleep, and a passenger named Roberts saw the prisoner behaving suspiciously about him. When Hill awoke he went to the refreshment bar and then he discovered that his pockets were empty. Thereupon Roberts told him what he had witnessed. In the second case Anderson also went to sleep, and when he awoke he discovered that a gold ring had been removed from his finger, and that a pipe had be3n taken out of his pocket. The prisoner was arrested by Police.. constable Lawson, and on being searched at the bride- well there were found in his possession the ring and pipe, in addition to 14s. 9id. in money. At this time he had possession of two overcoats, but it was shown that when he boarded the steamer at Glasgow he was wearing only one overcoat. When charged he denied having stolen the 21s. said he had picked up the ring from the deck of the steamer,and that he had bought the overcoat from a married sister in Glasgow. The prisoner was remand( 1 ifor seven days.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

BIBLE CLAS3.—The Penketh Wesleyan Men's Bible Class held their open service on Sunday in the chapel, the chairman being Mr E.C. Parker,who is president of the class. Mr. Davey Smith gave a most edifying address on the life of D. L. Moody. Miss Houghton WAS an ideal soloist. Mr. G. Weaver officiated at the organ. _

IWESLEYAN CHAPEL.—On Sunday special sermona were preached in the chapel, the Rev. A. Cecil Parker preaching at both services. The choir rendered special music, the anthems being, morning "0 taste and see," Miss C. Atherton singing the solo; evening, "Nearer my God to Thee," soloists, Misses A. Bridge and J. Johnson. The collections at both services were in aid of the Guild funds.

GUILD FESTrvAL.—In connection with the Wesley, Guild, a public tea was held in the Wesleyan school— room on Saturday afternoon at five o'clock when 110 sat dl/4.wn to an excellent repast. The tables were beautifully decorated by Mrs. J. Dodds, of Penketh House, and ladies of the various committees of the Guild. After tea the members and friends made their way to the Chapel when at seven o'clock a public meeting took place. The Rev. John Gunnell took the chair and in an inspiring address said what good work the Guild had accomplished since the Rev. A. Cecil Parker, who was present, had inaugurated it and hoped it would in time turn out some useful local preachers. The Caairman then introduced the Rev. Thomas Miller, the new minister for Bold-street, Warrington, who addressed the meeting. Rev. A. Cecil Parker also gave an address. The Chapel choir was in attendance and Miss Carrie Hastings sang "The children's home." The Rev. E. J. Gawne proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman and speakers, whioti brought the meeting to a close.

ANONYMOUS BENEVOLENCE. For the third year in succession an anonymous gentle— man, at a meting held at the Westbourne Wesleyan Church, Bournemouth, in aid of the Wesleyan Foreign Missionary Societl, offered to add five shillings to every shilling that was contributed to the collection. The sum of £45 11s. 6d. was realised, and to this the enonymous donor added £227 17s. 6d., making the record collection of £273 as.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RAGGED SCHOOL The Proposed Labour Home,

The Warrington nagged School and Mission has, under the guidance of its founder, Councillor James Skelland, been doing a noble work amongst the poor during the past twenty years. Another important new departure is now to be undertaken, and in an appeal which is being issued to the public of Warring- ton, the Committee state that they have long felt the necessity that existed for the opening of Institute Homes similar to those which, owing to the generous liberality of the friends of the unfortunate and desti- tute, have been establkhed in London, Liverpool, Man chester, and other centres of population. The ' Committee have secured suitable premises in Bank- street (exactly opposite the Mission Schools) which they purpose opening as a temporary home and workshop for poor -destitute- childrej Jiff& home will be known as the Warrington Ragged. School Labour Home. The employment will at first, ' consist, of wood-chopping, but as time goes on other branches of useful work will be introduced. Upwards of £l,OOO is needed for the purchase of the Labour Home, for its furnishing, and for the satisfactory maintenance of the work to be carried on in con- nection with it; the committee are very sanguine, ia view of the objects, that the necessary moneys will be 'speedily forthcoming. The welfare and the future of- those unfortunate and destitute ones who oft, n through no fault of their own, a unable to find r and are driven in some cases to despair and sorr- into crime, should appeal to all. The subscription list has been open(' donations of £5O each from Mr. Jam'- new president) and Mr. C. E. Parker.

J.ork 4.etimes

d with two Js Dodds (the

===== 0002601_19070921_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
Ak on a Blind Woman

Police Court, yesterday, Annie .-street, Warrington, was charied An aggravated assault on an old blind largaret O'Neil on Thursday afternoon. that the complainant, who is 60 years of J Warrington from Runcorn on Wednesday. jay she was seen by the prisoner, who asked is wanted lodgings. Prosecutris said she was ory comfortable where she was staying, and the ,oner told her that she could use her sofa the house. Eventually prosecutrix went to the prisoner's house, and whilst the old woman was having tea something was thrown in her cup. There were only the prisoner and the prosecutrix in the house at the time, and the latter said," That is not a very kind thing to do." Prisoner then knocked the old woman down, kicked her in the stomach,and also bit her hand. Prisoner also put her hand on the woman's mouth to prevent her shouting. The old woman managed with assistance to get away, and Police-Constable Woolacott arrested the prisoner. Prosecntrix alleged that the prisoner stole a purse which contained ss. 6d. from her, and the raoney was found in her possession. Prisoner denied the assault, and said it was her step- sister that struck the old woman. She said the prose- cutrix gave her ths money to take care of. The Chief Constable said the prosecutrix recognised the prisoner immediately by her voice. It was a most cowardly asaiult, and if the prisoner was sent for trial, she would, in all probability, be sent te penal servitude. Prisoner was sent to gaol for four months with hard labour.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
... MONEY BREEDS MONEY.

.0 WILL PURCHASE 46 and 28 Parktield Street, Whitworth Park, Manabester, RENT 162.

Cottage and shop

property if judiciously

selected is the safest

£lOO WILL PURCHASE 4 Houses, 14 to 20 Hampshire Street, Queen's Road, Manchester, RENT £BB Bs. Od.

and most reliable form

of investment, it is under

your own control, you draw the income weekly.

£225 WILL PURCHASE 7 Houses, 77 to 85 Chapel Road, Sale, Near Station, RENT £l3B 9s. Od.

It is a safeguard against

want in old age. You can

we in comfort with the

£2OO WILL PURCHASE 7 Houses, 9to 21 Alfred Street, Stockport Road, knowledge that you have Manchester, RENT £159 ss. Od. invested wisely. THE WISE WILL purchase at once. Balance of purchase money is accepted in small periodical payments, just as you would Pay rent- In fact, the property pays for itself and therefore MONEY BREEDS MONEY and the property becomes yours without further charge Further particulars from 'Xis4.24:4lirnir 18, ALBERT SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

.o Bankruptcy

. ideal investment RICKS and MORTAR.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
COWARLLY ALP

Four Months for Attr

At the Warrington Winroe, 36, Fennel with committing r woman named)' It- red

appea age, came te On Thurs 7 her if 0 not r. prir

JSAULir.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
„ -

===== 0002601_19070921_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
How Mrs. Alleyne was cured

10, St. James-road, Tunbridge Wells. For about six years I have suffered from indigestion, a nd, in spite of doctors' advice and of various remedies which I took, I continued suffering pain, shortness of breath, nausea and headache. T felt run down, I tired easily, and was unable to take much

exercise. Having heard of Iron-Ox Tablets I decided to give them a trial. They have done me an immense amount of good. They have cured the indigestion, have removed all pain and nausea and have made me much stronger. lam able to take long walks now without tiring myself. My general health is much improved, and I feel that I can recommend Iron-Ox Tablets, not only as a real cure for indigestion, but as a splendid tonic also.

(Signed) E. M. ALLEYNE.

Think over this letter, and what it means to you. No doubt Mrs. Alleyne almost despaired of ever being her- self again. Can you imagine anything more dishearten- ing than to try one thing after another to cure the distressing ailments which result from impaired digestion, and to find that relief is as far away as ever? But when Mrs. Alleyne gave Iron-Ox Tablets a trial she soon found an improvement in her health; the pain, shortness of breath, and headaches from which she suffered so much, quickly disappeared, and soon her indigestion was quite cured. If you know the agonies of indigestion, you can readily understand how happy and grateful Mrs. Alleyne was as soon as she discovered the wonderful curative Snd tonic virtues of Iron-Ox Tablets. And her experi- ence points a way to you in which you can restore

health and strength to your digestive organs. Send to your chemist to-day for Iron-Ox Tablets.

King Frederick of Denmark is the only living King who is father of a King.

Nat Goodwin, the famous American actor, is leaving the stage for life in a Western minrng camp.

Sir Frederick Treves is a keen cyclist, and has explored every nook and corner of his native county of Dorset.

Although 86 years of age, the Prince Regent of Bavaria is at work in his bureau at seven n'-;lock every morning.

Wife: "John, dear, the doctor says I need a change of climate." Husband: "All right. The weather report says it will he warmer to- morrow."

Ethel: "Uncle, they say that there are more marriages of blondes than of brunettes. Why is it, I wonder?" Uncle Singleton: "H'm ! Naturally the light-headed ones go first."

Belinda: "If my salary were raised wc could be married to-morrow." "All right, Augustus; I'll write your employer an anonymous letter, and tell hini we both think he is a mean old thing."

"I noticed," remarked Brusquely, "that you took your hat off when you telephoned just now, and then put it back again. May I ask you why?" "Certainly," replied Courtly, "I was telephoning to a lady."

She (after breaking the wish-bone) :"What did you wish?" He: "I wished that you would let me kiss you. What did you wish?" She: "I wished that what you wished would come true."

"He's a good friend of yours, isn't het" "Oh, only medium." "What do you mean by medium?" "Oh, he listens while I tell him of all my troubles; but he also wants me to listen while he tells me all of his."

Bertie (to caddie, searching for lost ball;: "What are you looking there for? Why, I must have driven it fifty yards farther!" Diplomatic Caddie :"But sometimes they hit a stone, sir, and bounce back a terrible dis- tance."

"What play is David acting in now?" "He isn't iachng." "Why, you said he was on the stage, and that he made his first appearance nearly six months ago?" "Yes, I know, but he also made his last appearance the very same night."

Captain (to man at the wheel): "Another p'int a-port, quartermaster." Lady Possen- ger: "How shocking! I must get that Cap- tain to sign the pledge; that is the third pit of port he has called for Within the last ten minutes! Haw these captains do drink I"

.....„.. - i..;.............4::. ii5.,...:.:—..,..: 1.1,... ..,, ..•:::.'2:::: 1 :,;-..., .:-: .:•:::i;i:: ',.... .:::...: '.-:'• .. ' ...:_..... ' . '' :-.....4....:...' ..:::: b:•:-...... , "..iiii: i; -••••-•,•:i• :.:::!:.:::::':::-..f":-;k:,4:: 1,::::::::t.......-.4:::t.f. '...,i:::-:•.:-n.:.c,.,,;::.,::„.:,k:::;:?....4,:::.....t:k."..:,...iiiiiiiii....:iiii.:::410.:::::.;.!tliii.,::j::::iiiii..... .4.i .:.4s:fii:,:-.......:::....r:,%:,...:4.....-:,.......::g,:41.14%ii!ii::.......i............:,.,... --,.:•;•....',...::::i0..i):-.14',.::40:::::::::::::::•::•.--:•::::iiiiiiii.1::.:::e0:?::,:!:....k „.•...f.14::::4•::::::it.:::::-....,;,.... ,:::::::::mst.-.4)......:::::::::::: ; '-_,.,..:,,,....,..i,...,....-.:i..:::::•::::::::::ii,...::•••••,.....-. ..,::::::::....4:i...k......::::-::•w::::, :_:::.,,,.::::::.:::?•;i:,::::.:::::::::.:, •... .••„:„..,:•:::m......-::::::::::::::::::::::::::.:....-...:::::::::::.:::::::::::.:., w,•,,,,,....::::::::,..i.....iii..A4.;.,,:i4.,:r..iviia1ii.:A.....:.:Ri:::::•::::::::.....4p :::-',-,.::-;:::::;/..::::::::::.::::::::::::•::::-::::::::::::.,%':,:.0-,".::::::::::::a* iti...,..,.„..7.......::::;:i:::„:„:::•::::i:::•:,,i,0f ....„.:::.:::•..-:.::::.:.i:.::::::A.:1 :::....„:•,:.../...i.g.:::alkill-iiii.ii.iii.-;,::::::, /:......,:::.........k.:-.....- ..ivi.:4,:?,:j::::1ik5,";;;>.•:::::.:.:.::,....,;...-k:•::::::::v....:•1•41:1 •••••••41'it::tyl4k4/i/miiiiii:ol:.•.iiiiiir.:.ll 11,...:!............: .:.1...,,,;,. ~/•:.4.sli:iii1"::'::.:::Iii1111%:,...-...1i:i :1-:,':,:....,„,. "?.."":. ' ...:': ...ii,i:1......f:1'.',.1.•,,'9'.::1::-•::::7..t...:::::. I -....,.i::.;.::: :...,....::::„..::fr-:...:,..:;::::„. :i1.4f..,...,....,_:::::::::.:-.:.•.-j :...,gai.IN::::;: ....,.,...4..• .::.:..?,.-2.-it......., .-..-.::... -.1...............::::i:::::::::.,H,:.igx.:::.---. "..-..5.::Hti:....., '. :::.•k::::0::::::::::,..':-...:: :::-.,.':::::.: * NE. ~:.'s: ALLEY I \l4 taiisA_

===== 0002601_19070921_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

To make potatoes white when cooked let them lie (pared) in cold water for two or three hours.

Copper utensils can be kept brilliant- by be- ing polished with turpentine and finely pow- dered bathbrick.

When making a pudding do not forget to put a pleat in the cloth at the top, so as to allow the pudding to swell.

A bowl of quicklime placed in a damp cup- board will tend to dry it. The lime should be renewed every day or two, as it loses its power.

When a pie-dish or anything that is used in the oven gets discoloured or burnt, a piece of emery paper,. bath brick, or even a cinder, will clean it.

When boiling beef add a little vinegar to the water if you wish it to be-tender. To improve the flavour have a bayleaf and some sweet herbs.

Silver if left lying near guttapercha, gets tarnished very quickly. If kept in a pantry where gas is used, it should always be kept well wrapped up in chamois leather.

Henry Watterson says that the oddest and most humourous transposition of the types that ever came within his observation was in a New York paper which used to print its shipping news on the same page with the .obituaries. One morning a long list of re- spectable names in the death announcements were set forth under the marine head, "Passed Through Hell Gate Yesterday."

An editor of a Western exchange recently began worrying about how he would get his shirt on over his wings, after. reaching para- dise. An envious contemporary sarcastically observed that his difficulty would likely be in finding out how he could get his hat on over his horns.

Reporter: "Senator, if it isn't a secret, I should like to know something about the speech you are going to make to-morrow. How will you stand on government owner- ship?" Statesman: "Briefly, but with em- phasis, young man, I shall jump on it with both feet."

Sweet Girl (in a rowboat) : "What is this e in the back of the boat for?" Nice • Man: "That is to put an oar in when • t to scull the boat. Rowing requires one on each side, but in sculling used. That is placed at the back th one hand." Sweet Girl : "I wish you would try

plat. Young you wax. both oars, only one is and worked w. (after meditatiix sculling awhile."

w girl looks as if site Tn fact, I should take ' Wife: "I didn't like le this recommen- ' worked for. It 1 easy to get -.lining the signed by

Husband: "That nt. had a violent temper. her for a regular fury." her looks, but she handed h. dation from some one she hah says she is 'very honest, anh along with.'" Husband (exal. note): "Humph ! This note is Robert Fitzsimmons." ,

First Female Advocate: "What? Do mean to say Mrs. De Sweet has resigned fr. the Woman's Rights Society, and says she has all the rights she wants?" Second Female Advocate: "Just so." F. Fi A.: "Mercy me! What has happened?" S. p. A.: "I'm sure I don't know. Johnny! Have yon seen Mrs. De Sweet lately?" Little Johnny:. "No, ma'am, but as I was passin' her house this mornin' I sawd a furniture-wagon stop and unload a cradle."

A Frenchman was waiting at a station in Ireland for his train. Two Irishmen entered and engaged in the following conversation: "Sure, Pat, it's down to liilmary I've been, on me way back now to Kilpatrick." "Arrah, musha, Mike, it's meself that just after coining from being down to Kil- Kenney, stopped a bit before I go down to Kil-More." "I say, Pat, let us take the day and go down to Kil-Maule." "Ye gods," ex- claimed the Frenchman, "what assassins. Would that I were back in France."

"Our Henry's doin' real well in town." said Mrs. Wayback, proudly. "He's run- nin' a hotel now an' it's a big one." "Land's sakes!" exclaimed Mrs. Korntop. "Yes. Got a letter from' him this mornin% an' he sez: 'l'm a hotel-runner, now, an' it's a real swell place."

Little Boy: "Say, ma says you are going to take sister off." Engaged Youth (soon to be married): "Yes, in a few weeks she's going to my home, and my ma and pa will be her ma, and pa. See?" "I see. Then she'll be your sister, same as she was mine. Say, don't you do anything she doesn't like, for if you do she'll bang you around awful when your ma and pa ain't looking." • Toy Jobber: "Seems to. me your charge for 'liquor for customers' is enormous." Travel- ling Salesman: "You sent me on the road with a great lot of Christmas toys and Christmas - tree ornaments?" "Certainly." "Well, you don't suppose a drummer can sell people Christmas things in July without get- ting them drunk, do you?" Suitor (who has been out of town for a Week): "Is Miss De Pink in?" New Girl (en- gaged that morning and rather mixed about her istructions): "Sure, I don't know phether she be in or not; but if you bees the young man what was here lasht noight till eliven o'clock, an' was caught huggin' an' kissiu' her in the parlour, she ain't in."

- - - Deacon Diybones (enthusiastically): "Does not this congregational singing stir you up?" Professor Note (a musician): "Stir me up? Indeed it does. Makes me swear."

. :'

g.-E

Y'ung f L Prisoner:

_ -

===== 0002601_19070921_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
Drunk in Court

At the Warrington Borough Court on Tuesday, before Mr. J. Rymer Young and other magistrates,James Dunn of 10, Watkin-street was charged on a warrant with neeecting to pay maintenance arrears to the amount of £5 10s. to his wife, Sarah Ellen Dunn, 90, Battersby-lane. Mrs. Dunn said prisoner had been going about from public house to public house telling people that he would not pay.—The Chief Constable said prisoner had been five times previously before the court and had been convicted of assaulting his wife and also of maintenance arrears. —Mr. J. Rymer Young .lid prisoner had been getting from ten to twelve "lings a week on an average, and he had been ling it in drink, in fact he was drunk that morn- '-isoner : I shall not pay.—Mr. J. Rymer lharply) : Two months hard labour. When I do come out I will put her right.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
'ROAT AND LUNGS. Cure for Coughs, &c.

do not menace the life 'dst the pine trees of 'onstantly bathe his nek. the delicate this robustness and throat ,v of Peps.

-ces of

===== 0002601_19070921_art0079.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:§4

*, •

-77.17

===== 0002601_19070921_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR TIL Peps, the Scientific

Bronchitis and consumption of the Swiss peasant dwelling am. the Alps, for the rich pine fumes throat and lungs as he breathes, and k. tissues strong and healthy.Observation'Ot has shed new light on the treatment of lark, troubles, and led to the marvellous discover. The breathing-in of the rich pine easel. these strange and wonderful tablets, as the., dissolved on the tongue, provides us with ideal breathing-cure for coughs, colds, chills, broil, chits, influenza, and many distressing ailments of the lungs, throat, and chest. Peps are in fact a store-house for the richest pine essences, gathered direct from Nature's own forests and compressed into a little tablet with other refined medicine. The fumes from the dissolving Peps do not pass into the stomach, as is the case with liquid mixtures, but are breathed I down the throat and bronchial tubes into the lungs impregnating every inch of membrane from the mouth; to the furthermost parts of the respiratory organs. A germicide and antiseptic of exceptional value. is thus brought into direct contact with the diseased surfaces of the throat and lungs. Liquid cough mixtures while they may please the palate and give the appear- ance of a cure by reason of the opium, morphia, or other pernicious drugs which they contain, do not and eanno. reach the actual seat of disease as Peps do. These medi- cines are Jmerely swallowed into the stomach, and there is no passage between the stomach and the lungs. Peps strengthen the actual tissues of the lungs and wind-pipe which ha‘e been injured by the incessant coughing in consumption, bronchitis, asthma, whooping cougs influenza, &c. No home can afford to be without thi remarkable remedy, which has the enthusiastic recom- mendation of leading medical men. Always, therefore keep Peps handy in preference to uselessly sweet and drug-laden cough-mixtures. See the short distinctive registered name, Peps, on the lid of every is. 13d. or 2s. 9d. box.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, September 21, 1907.

.. . column in a Liberal newspaper." I always thought INSURE AGAINST ACCIDENTS. that the subject under discussion was that of Christ and Socialism,and not on the carelessness of the editor The Best Policy for Housewives. of the Slcialistic Column of the Liberal newspaper. I The greatest number of claims under the new would like to mention that so far as I have read in the Compensation Act have arisen, it is stated, through Voice of Labour the column is not confined to the subject simple cuts and bruises being complicated by festering of Socialism. Is it not a fact that the merits and and blood-poisoning. demerits of Lib-Labourism have been under discus- Hence there is more necessity to keep Zam-Buk sion, and other subjects too numerous to mention? It is often said that every dog has its day. The day of handy now-a-days, to save expense and prevent grave s Socialism is coming in spite of the efforts of its bitter skin disease. It is ever ready for use, and is indispens- opponents to ridicule and belittle it in the eyes of the able in every home. people. Always keep a box of Zam-Buk on a handy shelf in LIBERTY. the home, in the workshop, in the factory, down the Sir,—l think it would be much better if your cor- mine, on the football field, or wherever you are. It is respondents who wish to discuss Socialism, would do the ideal first-aid. so from an economic standpoint, as I fail to see what If a cut it sustained—especially if it be inflicted by it has to do with Christianity or any other religion, a rusty nail or rusty knife—cleanse well at once with For instance,we never hear anything about Liberalism tepid water, and, after drying, gently smear Zam-Buk and Christianity or Conservatism and Christianity, freely over the injured part. In the case of an abrasion therefore why Socialism and Christianity ? Socialism, or scald, cover up at once with a piece of clean lint to as understand it, is an economic form of government, by which we shall gradually replace competition by keep out the air. co-operation. The question then should be which Immediately Zam-Buk touches a wound, the germs government or party will be the best, so that there which are there to start the festering and inflammation shall be justice and an equal opportunity for all, by are destroyed, pain is instantly soothed, inflammation which we shall lift no the human race to its highest allayed, and new skin and tissue is grown. possible standard Of course we may not be able to The secret of Zam-Buk's success lies in its unique keep strictly to economics, as we may have to judge . origin, and the wonderful blending of its ingredients, some things from amoral point of view. Therefore in the meantime let us hope that all who take part in which are derived from certain herbal juices and saps this discussion, will do so in a friendly spirit, not of rare medicinal power. Zam-Buk contains no trace which is to be the best correspondent, but rather of rancid animal fat, mineral poison. mercury, or any with a determination to get at the truth and give other of the harmful substances frequently found in , everyone credit for being sincere. In so far as I course ointments and cheap salves. Zam-Buk is essen- understand things at present I beg to remain, ; tially a natural healer and antiseptic. it is reminiscent , A SOCIALIST. lof e vegetable balms o ancient Rome. the f , REV R. J. CAMPBELL, SOCIALIST. I Every home should keep a box handy because daily _ _ _ __

Speaking at Kensington, on Thursday night, the t mishaps make Zam-Buk a daily need. As a certain Rev. R. J. Campbell said :—One saw on all hands that remedy for piles (blind or bleeding),and a soothing and the workers were waking up and were seeing that the perfect Care for eczema and other skin disfigurements, only abiding hope of the toilers was Socialism. To Zam-Buk has no equal. Its wonderful powers, its purity some people Socialism appeared to be associated with midnight assassinations and infernal machines, and to and refinement, and its unique herbal composition, the average Englishman it seemed to be the dividing make Zam-Buk, in the words of its daily users, a price- of property. That was not so. From the purely less boon. Of all chemists for is. lid or 2s. 9d. political point of view, it might be described as . " government of the people for the people by the people." From the economic point of view, it meant communal ownership of the means of production and exchange; from the moral point of view it meant all for each and each for all, whilst from the Christian point of view, as represented to an eccentric person like himself, it meant the realisation of the Kingdom of God on.earth as it was in Heaven. IMPERIAL WORLD'S LEAGUE AGAINST SOCIALISM.

From the " Times" : QOCIALISM and SPORT.—Rich men are away on their moors, yachts, &c., indulging in those expensive forms of sport which are a luxury enjoy- able only by the wealthy, and which would be swept away, with their property, if Socialism pre- vailed. Yet,vvhile they spend scores and hundreds of thousands of pounds on these sports, they are apt to forget those who are carrying on a work against Socialism which will have the effect of pre- serving their property and perpetuating their pleasures and luxuries. A tithe of all that they spend on pure luxury would provide s good income for our work. IMPERIAL WORLD'S LEAGUE AGAINST SOCIALISM, Founder and Director, Rev. George Brooks, Pioneer and Crusader against Socialism for 15 years, 14, The Terrace,- Greenhithe, London. Funds urgently needed. A manufacturer has promised ,E5O if nine others will do likewise. The "Daily News "commenting on the above said: "We must thank the Rev. George Brooks for baying publicly supplied Socialism with one of its best justifications. If Socialism curbs the squandering of large sums of money on unproductive luxuries it is certainly making for the amelioration of our social life. We hope other crusaders will supply as excel- lent arguments for the cause they seek to oppose." Further comment is unnecessary. DRUNKENNESS IN WARRINGTON.

Sir,—Your correspondent writing under the non- de-plume of " Demos " takes me to task for my "teetotal fanaticism " in referring a week before to the drunkenness prevalent in Warrington in what he terms a "simple, foolish and 'amusing" manner. There is every need for a " simple " message in this drink-ridden locality.' But surely the man who is " amused " at 150 drunken people in our streets while filth and squalor reign supreme would be more fitly designated to fill a place with the long-eared hairy tribe. My critic has perhaps (?) abundant intelligence so we may, therefore, allow a little for his absurd outburst. Rowntree and Sherwell, are, I grant, pro- fessed" teachers of men " but aie, unfortunately, like many of the doctors " better at diagnosing the disease than prescribing the Cure." When " Demos " has I digested a few more of these " standard works" let • him adopt logical, sound, and if needs be, " simple " argument. The public will then, perhaps, read his diatribe. In his present pos;tion they are inclined to ignore it. This I should have done, had it not not been for the " helligant ignorance "displayed therein Does he consider he has weakened my case? If so I wish to re-assert my previous statements and decline to Minimise or reduce any particle thereof. He asks me to mention the particular "industrial channels." Does he really think I am going to take up much of your space in quotations and statistics in order to prove my former statements? This I will do when he is man enough to come out of his shell. For the present let him study; systematically the complex social organism from an economic stand- point" We, as "Temperance fanatics" are quite accus- tomed to this kind of abuse. Knowing the source from which it springs we ignore it, and exhibit that spirit of common sense which, in our opponents is sadly lacking. In expressing his "candid opinion" I wonder, and the public wonder, why "Demos" is not "candid" enough to reveal his true identity? Does he pose as a "probable starter" at the next Municipal contest or does he fear that his literary merits would call forth a shower of congratulations and possibly the Freedom of the Borough? I am quite content to " amuse " the public by drawing from the" stock-in- trade" arguments and the "Chestnuts" which are still applicable to the present-day conditions. lam "my brother's keeper "and on his behalf I am prepared to plead despite the efforts of " Demos" to place a stumblint block in his path.---3 am yours faithfully, J. R. GRIFFIT HS, Moore, 18th September 1907.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VOICE OF LABOUR.

Edited by John Workman.

as prou allotte, of his re, Mr. Pan the whole in, and not to sod. It is quite evit. correct. There rei, know the truth. As we recall our L. Tennyson's kindly, geniai., Maurice. •

"How best to help ti. How mend the dwellink, How gain in life, as life h Valour and charity more ax. Let us not lose sight of our object. JOHN

...,...-,...,,L.,!,..,,,:=:.,..,...:.:,::7:::::;,..t......-:...:...:,.'..:!.',?,-:-i-i,Tf;:'',"*.=

Readers of this column are invited to assist in making it interesting and helpful to'social workers by contributing themselves. Correspondents must write on one side of the paper only, and endeavour to make their letters and notes short and to the point. A nom-de-plume may be used, but the real name of the writer should be forwarded in confidence to the Editor of the column. ' M.S.S. must be addressed to John Workman, " Examiner " Office, Warrington and should be sent in not later than Wednesday in each week.

CHRISTIAN SOCIALISM. "Teach me," I said," for I am ignorant; Lead me, for lam blind. Explain the past, With all its errors. Why am Iso low, And you so high ?"

I do not know whether Mr. Charles E. Parker imagines that he possesses all the virtues—he certainly gives me credit for none. The mantle of the sophist has fallen from his shoulders and from the heights of his affected superiority, he descends to "plain speaking." "Plain speaking" is a dangerous and somewhat degenerate habit. It is often an apology for rudeness. Rudeness sometimes leads to retaliation, and retalia- tion would not be becoming for "one who takes upon himself the editorship of a Socialistic column in a Liberal paper." I would remind Mr. Parker of a motto which used to be engraven on the bottom of porter-pots, punch- bowls and drinking-glasses. It ran thus : Two things a man should never be angry at: what he can help, and what he cannot." Mr. Parker may not be conversant with sucl degrading utensils. I can assure him, however, that such is a fact. It was not "detached in some Socialist literature." _ _

Now to proceed with the argument. Lest I forget, I would like to say here that the. use of such a sarcastic sentence as "if be does not he ought to ", is hardly an aid to argument. It serves no good purpose, bat rather sets a bad example. In my last letter, I quoted some words of Frederick Denison Maurice. The words are these: "I seriously believe that Christianity is the only founda- tion of Socialism and that a true Socialism is the necessary result of a sound Christianity." Mr. Parker. says: John Workman knows very well (if he does not he ought to) that the Socialism of the noble band of men who were known as Christian Socialists, Maurice, Kingsley, Ludlow, Neale and Hughes, was something entirely, different from the Socialism he advocates." Again : "Maurice and Kingsley did not teach a single principle peculiar to modern Socialism, but opposed it with a virile force characteristic of the men." And again: "I am inclined to think that John Workman has found this quotation detached in some Socialist literature, and has never realised the import of the term true Socialism 'as used by Maurice. If this be so he has some excuse, but it indicates a carelessness that is scarcely pardonable in one who takes upon himself the editorship of a Socialistic column in a Liberal paper." And yet again: "Kingsley and Maurice are amongst my most valued library friends. Towards the former, I have always felt a sort of ,hero worship. To have the opinion of such friends used to support theories which I know they strongly opposed is not pleasant, and in loyalty to them I wish to clear their name from such association. I have too much respect for the noble band of Christian Socialists to allow their names to be used in support of a system fraught with grave danger to the commonweal." • In this letter,l am going to refute those statements ; at least, I am going to try. Some years ago, Kingsley preached a sermon on the "Message of the Church to the Labouring Man," taking as his text: "The spirit of the Lord, is upon me to preach the Gospel to the poor &c." In it, there are these words " All systems of society which favour the accumulation of capital in a few hands, which oust the masses from the soil which their fore- fathers possessed of old, which reduce them to the level of serfs and day-labourers, living on wages and on alms, which crush them down with debt, or in any wise degrade and enslave them, or deny them a per- manent stake in the Commonwealth, are contrary to the Kingdom of God which Jesus proclaimed." Writing some years afterwards he said: "Associa- tion will be the next form of industrial development, I doubt not, for production ; but it will require two generations of previous training, both in morality and in drill, to make the men capable of it." And again : "As for any schemes of Maurice's or mine, it is a slight matter whether they have failed or not. The failure of a hundred schemes would not

alter my conviction. Font is my belief that not self- interest, but self-sacrific, is the only law upon which human society cern be grounded with any hope of pros- perity or permanence." Now, what I am concerned to know is, how Mr. Parker's plan of " every man getting the fruits of his labour, the whole fruit, and nothing but the fruit " coincides with those opinions, particularly with the last sentence which I have italicised. Mr. Parker says that he " humbly stands on the , same platform with these good men." (the Christian Socialists.) If they were Socialists, he too, is a Socialist. Let us see what their Socialism

meant. It is a significant fact that the quotation from Frederick Denison Maurice: "I seriously believe that Christianity is the only foundation of Socialism, i and that a true Socialism s the necessary result of a sound Christianity" is quite correct. I have before me as I write, a letter which I have taken the piecaution to get , from the Secretary of the London Branch of the Christian Social Union, wherein he states : "It occurs in the second paragraph of a pamphlet called' Christian Socialism which was the, first of the Tracts on Christian Socialism' published in the years 1849-51. This tract was reprinted by the Oxford Branch of the Christian Social Union about 10 years ago, with a Preface by his Honour Judge Hughes, or in other words Tom Hughes . . . . By the way, Maurice anticipates the objection raised by your opponent, and in the next paragraph he says: "The Socialism I speak of is that of Owen, Fourier, Louis Blanc, and of the Englishmen. Frenchmen, Germans, who have fraternised

with them or produced systems of their own." The social systems of these men, which belong tol the first decades of the 19th century, do not recognisel the right to the whole produce of labcur. It may be interesting to know, incidentally, that Robert ON en, the founder of English Socialism, projected a garden city scheme and drew plans for it so long ago as 1817. Now what did these men believe? Dr. Anton Menger, professor of Jurisprudence in the University of Vienna, states: "The Gotha pro- gramme alone, which was adopted by the Congress held from the 23rd to the 26th of May, 1875, and which still forms the basis of the Socialist Movement in Germany, is drawn up with an approach to scientific precision. The essential points of this programme justify us in concluding that the German socialist party regards the right to subsistence, distri- bution according to wants, as the basis of the future social order." - The Gotha programme lays down as a fundamental principle that labour is the source of all wealth and all civilisation, and that generally beneficial labour being only possible through society, the whole produce of labour belongs to society: that is to say, that, work being universally compulsory, every mem- ber of society has an equal right to a share of the product according to his reasonable requirements. The product of labour, then, belongs not to the labourer, follows necessarily from the right to the ince of labour, but to society, and is by society -Ito every individual according to the measure lsonable wants. '-er believes according to his statement, that educe of labour belongs to the individual 'ety. lent that the two versions cannot be -.mins for us an honest endeavour to

lifferenees let us not forget '.many letter to his friend

'e slender store, -s of the poor; dvances, 'd more."

WORKMAN.

correspond- Voice of lam had to +hose

Sir, —As an interested observer of thb ence which has been running through tht. Labour on the subject of Christ and Socialis.. surprised to see that Mr. C. E. Parker has . resott to tactics which are unquestionably not, for a gentleman in the sphere of life Mr. Parker oc.. pies. What I complain of is the portion where 12%. accuses John Workman of having found a certain quotation detached in some Socialist literature. T.,t Suppose that is so, and John Workman is a Socialist, Ham. is that any reason why Mr. Parker should throw that mi„ sarcastic slur about the carelessness of the one who the cast takes upon himself the editorship of a "Socialistic 1e the ord.

• •

===== 0002601_19070921_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

" Saved from the Sea."

)With the Devpnshire coast as its picturesque 1 setting and the fortunes of a hardy fisherman and his wife as the central theme, this drama is highly interesting, although on somewhat orthodox lines. The first act is the most powerful, for the hero, Dan Ellington, finds himself on board ship at the mercy of a hitherto unsuspected enemy who, maddened° by jealousy and drink, determines to kill him. He lashes Dan to the mast and imparts the cheerful intelligence that the vessel is stored with explosives which will do their deadly work when he, the enemy, has, got safely away, However, the hero's brave wife turns up at the critical moment and rescues •him from his awful position. A few seconds later a tremendous report is beard, and the good ship " Ocean Waif " is shattered. This scene is very realistically presented, and creates a great impres- sion. It is, however, only one of many sensational incidents, for Dan's wife °happens to inherit a vast fortune, and an adventurer relative of hers schemes to have her put out of the way in order that he may acquire the wealth. The fisherman and his wife pass through trying ordeals, but there is the traditional happy ending. The major share of the acting falls upon Mr. David G. Noble, who takes the role of Dan Ellington with fine dramatic force. Miss Marie Aukland does well as Nancy Ellington, and Mr. George Wallace gives an exceptionally clever study of Jim Weaver.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

Mr. and Mrs. William Maclaren's No. 1. Company will next week play Sir Francis Burnand's great Adelphi Drama "Proof," which is known to most local playgoers, and is sure of a warm welcome in Warrington. With new scenery, and thoroughly re-dressed, the piece is as strong an attraction as ever, and is played by, an admirably selected company, rehearsed and produced under the personal supervision of Mr. and Mrs. Maclaren, which is in itself a guarantee of efficiency. Mr: S. Herbert Hnmber, who plays "Pierre Lorance," is well-known to Warrington playgoers for his many leading, parts in "The Fatal Wedding," "Why Men ve Women," "The English' Rose," &c. Mr. Penn ilton, Bernard Elliott, Carl Beechey,Miss Raleigh, ' lma Kurtz, and Miss Beatrice are included in of a strong company. Full houses should ,r all next week at the Royal Court.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL FIXTURES. Northern Rugby Union.

The following fixtures have been arranged for the forthcoming season : RUNCORN.

1907. For Agst. Sept. 7 Halifax „ 14 Leigh ' „ 21 Warringcon „ 28 Wigan home Oct. 5 Swinton away ” 12 Warrington(LC) home ” 19 St. Helens away „ 26 Broughton home Nov. 2 Oldham I, 9 Merthyr ” 16 Salford ” 23 Widnes ” 27 New Zealand home ~ 30 Rochdale Dec. 7 Hull away ” ' 14 Widnes ~21 Barrow ” 25 St. Helens home „ 26

' 1908.- , Jan. 1 Warrington „ 4 Rochdale away 11 Swinton 79 home 79 18 Wlgan away 71 25 Hull home Feb. 1 Salford • 8 ' 99 97 15 Barrow 22 Leigh home 79 „ 29 Cup-tie Mar. 3 Halifax

„ 21 Broughton away „ 28 Oldham April 4 „ 11 Merthyr

WIDNES.

1907. For. Agst. Sept. 7 Barrow „ 14 Batley „ 21 Swinton home „ 28 Leigh Oct. 5 St. Helens home „ 12 Batley) away , . 16 New Zealand 19 Warrington „ 26 LC. (2nd round) Nov. 2 Wigan ~ 9 Dewsbury ,9 16 Swinton away II 23 Runcorn home 30 Salford Dec. 1- - ' Leigh home 29 14 Runcorn away 21 Merthyr away 25 „ 26 Warrington 28 1908. Jan. 1. ff 4 Barrow 29 11 Oldham ... ~ 18 Salford 25 Rochdale „ Feb. 1 St. Helens away 2, 8 Wigan away „ 15 Dewsbury home „ 22 Brougaton home „ 28 Cup-tie Mar. 7 „ 14 „ 21 Rochdale „ 28 Broughton away April. 4 Merthyr home ~ 11 Oldham home

===== 0002601_19070921_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
0000 DIGESTM

ENSURES

0009 HEALTH.

When your digestion is in sound working order it makes the food you eat ready for assimilation, and all the nutriment it contains goes into your system to become rich, energising blood; each organ, nerve, and muscle is properly nourished, and you cannot well be otherwise than healthy. You feel strong and cheerful ; your brain is active, your nerves steady. - -

But when your digestion is imperfect your food lags in your stomach and begins to ferment and decompose, instead of being digested. The* fermentation creates poisonous acids and wind or gas, which press on the heart and lungs,causing palpitation and difficult breath- ing. The harmful products of decomposition are drawn into your blood, your system is weakened and the way prepared for painful, perhaps deadly, diseases. I Mother Seigel's Syrup is a purely vegetable medicine. I It acts as a digestive tonic, and assists Nature's own processes in digestion and assimilation. Use it on the first signs of stomach disorder and it will quickly put 1 you right and keep you right.

Mrs. Nellie Nicholls, 2, Whitehall Mansions, Archway_ road, Holloway, London, N., writing on April 15th, 11907, says : ; " About a year ago I seemed to get all out of sorts. I My appetite forsook me, and what I ate went against Imy inclination. Then pains in my stomach followed and wind in volumes. Sometimes I had pains in my back too and headaches were always nagging at me. I had no heart for work or anything else. "Well, I had been going on like this for a long time, when friends urged me to try Mother Seigel's Syrup. I did, and soon the pains all ceased, my appetite came back, and I regained my health and strength."

I Mother Seigel' Syrup is a sure and speedy cure for indigestion, biliousness, constipation, wind, headache.

-- I THE 2/6 BOTTLE CONTAINS THREE TIMES AS MUCH AS THE 1/11 SIZE.

FORTUNATE LIBERAL CLUB.

Few Liberal clubs occupy a more favoured position than that at High Wycombe,of which Earl Carrington is not only the landlord,but the president. His lordship has for many years charged a rental of only ss. per annum , for the premises, which are now being considerably enlarged, chiefly through his munificence.

MY DEAR CHILDREN, I have had a most difficult task this week in deciding the winners in our Holiday Post- cardeCompetition. Such a lot of beautiful cards have been sent that my members must not feel hurt if they have not won a prize. The cards selected are views from Bideford, Stour- port, Scarborough, Chatsworth, Brighton, etc. Boxes of Fry's Chocolate have been sent to the prize winners, viz., Gladys Knight r Willie Rushby, Lily Lunn, J. A. Knight, G. P. Graves, and Ida Bon. I hope each of the winners will send me a letter when they receive their prize. Now, S want to talk to you about our next Competition, which has just started. I can see from the Picture Postcards received in the last Competition that many of you have had a very nice holiday. I want you to tell me a little about these holidays.; just a few lines on a postcard, or in a letter, will do. I shall give some nice prizes to the best three received. I hope to have a good many to pub- lish in these columns. All attempts must be sent during the present month. More short stories are wanted for the Corner. I shall give dainty, little pocket mirrors for the best ones sent me each week. Now, good-bye for another week. Don't forget the "Account of Your Holiday" Essays. Yours affectionately,

MADAME TUSSAUD. The career of the wonderful old lady who used nightly herself to receive the money she made by her famous wax-w_ork exhibition in Baker-street, was one of the most singular. It is said that the late Duke of Wellington fre- quently enjoyed a gossip wilt). Madame Tus- Baud ; and it is not to be wondered at, for she was one of the few people who lived late into the first half of last century who could dis- tinctly remember the great Revolution of "'93," and who knew intimately almost &very per- sonage who figured in it, from the king and Queen clown to Robespierre and the infamous Marat. By birth a member of one of the most illustrious houses of Germany, and the grand- daughter of the famous Field-Marshal von Gresholtz, Madame Tussaud had exceptional opportunities for studying the various char- acters of her time. She was born at Berne, but, losing her parents when quite a child, was taken by an uncle to Paris, and placed under the care of M. Curtius, her mother's brother, one of the leading spirits of the day. He was originally a medical man, but his fame rested chiefly upon his merits as a modeller in wax. In those days it was not permitted for students in the hospitals to mutilate the dead for ana- tomical purposes, and waxen images of the various parts of the human body were fabri- cated in order to facilitate their studies. These Curtius made to perfection; and later an he opened a museum in the Rue St. Honore. Cur- tius was a brilliant conversationalist, and many writers on the French Revolution are inclined 1 to believe that at his hospitable table, at which Voltaire, Rousseau, Franklin, and Lafayette were wont to assemble, the great scheme of the mightiest of social revolutions was planned. His house was a kind of political club, and here his celebrated niece formed relationship with all the famous people of her time. She lived until 1851, being over ninety years of age when she died. To the last she was active, prid her memory never failed her. Her character was a very singular one, and she was a brilliant conversationalist. •As an artist in wax-model- ling she was most skilful. But it is not only as a modeller that she deserves fame; she also painted exquisitely in miniature. Her models are superb; and, perhaps, the best portraits if the leading men and women of the Revolution are those blackened wax masks which hang in the Chamber of Horrors, most of which were taken from life by her, and deserve to be care- fully reproduced. The model of Marat in the bath, taken immediately after assassination, is from her hand, as is also the original cast cf Voltaire. - ISothern gave a dinner-party one evening to about a dozen men. One of the guests; whom we will call Thompson, was late. They had lust sat down to their soup, when a loud ring announced the arrival of-the late Mr. Thomp- son. Sothern hastily exclaimed, "Let us all get under the table. Fancy Thompkn's sur- prise when he beholds a long table devoid of guests." Sothern's love of practical joking was well known, so that the company were not as. tonisted at the proposition, and in a couple of . seconds every man was concealed from view beneath the table. Sothern made a half dive. then resumed his place at the head of the table. Thompson entered, stared, - and exclaimed, " Holloa 1 where are all the fellows?" Sothern shook his head in a lugubrious fashion, and, in melancholy tones, replied, "I can't explain it, my dear fellow; but the moment they heard your name, they all got under the table." The expression on the faces of the hoaxed guests as they slowly emerged, one by one, from their concealment, can be better imagined than de- scribed. A couple of young men went out fishing the other day, and, on returning, were going past a farmhouse and felt hungry. They shouted to the farmer's daughters, "Girls, have you any buttermilk?" The reply was gently wafted back ,to their ears, " Yes ;,but we keep it for our own i calves."

'UNCLE NED.

If you don't happen to remember the name of your dressmaker, speak of her as Miss Sew- and-Sew.

An old lady, sleeping during Divine service in church, let fall her Bible with clasps to it; and. the noise partly awaking her, she exclaimed, "What, you've broken another jug, have you?"

"I find that with light meals my health im- proves," said. an Esquimaux; and down went another candle.

_+___

'Self-love is at once the most delicate and tl:c most tenacious of our sentiments; a mere nothing will wound it, but nothing on eartL will kill it.

FAIRY TALE, FROM THE GERMAN. (Continued from last week.) O. But while she spoke thus, she thought to her- self, "How can a silly frog that sits in the water and croaks be my companion?" As soon as the frog had obtained her promise, he dipped his head under the water, dived, and in a short time rose again with the golden ball in his mouth, and threw it on the grass. The princess, full of joy at the sight of her pretty toy, seized it quickly, and ran away. "Wait, wait 1" cried the poor frog; "take me with thee; I cannot run so fast 1" All his croak- ing and screams availed nothing, however; she would not listen; but hastened home, and left him to go down again into his well. The next day, when the king and his cour- tiers sat at table, eating from their golden plates —splish splash! splish 1 splash! was heard as- cending the marble steps, and presently some- thing knocked at the door of the banqueting room, and crisd, "Oh, king's daughter! youngest and fairest, open to me I" The prin- cess peeped out, and there sat the frog! Pale, and full of fear, she returned to her place at the table. "Why fearest thou, my child?" asked the king, who saw that she trembled, and that her heart was beating fast and hard; "is there a giant come to fetch thee at the door ?" " Ah, n !" replied she, "not a giant, but a dirty frog that brought my ball out of the water for me yesterday, and so I promised that he should be Illy companion; but I never thought that he could• leave-his well; now ..he is out there, and wants to come in to me!" And again the knocking was heard, and a mournful voice, which said: "Oh, king's daughter! youngest, and fairest, and best! Pray open the door to thy promise-led guest Remember that yester morn, when thy ball fell, 'Twas I who restored it thee from the deep well!" _ "Thou hast given a promise, and thou must abide by it!" cried the king, sternly; "open the door." The trembling princess dared not disobey,-and in hopped the frog; he kept close to her feet, and, when she sat down at the table, cried, "Lift me up, and put thy little plate near me. and let us eat together!' The king commanded her to do all he wished; but, while the frog ate heartily and enjoyed himself, every morsel she swallowed nearly choked her. "I have had enough," said he, at last, " and I am weary, so take me to thy little chamber, and lay me on thy silken bed, and I will sleeP awhile 1" The maiden began to weep, for she did not like to touch the cold, wet creature, nor to lay him on her pretty bed. "Despise not one who has assisted thee in thY time of need," said the king, wrathfully; so she seized the poor frog with two fingers, carried, him' to her •chamber, and put him into a dark corner. But he hopped to her again, crying, " am tired; I want to rest; lay me on the bed, or i will tell thy. father!" The princess angrilY snatched him up, and flung him with all her might against the wall. "Rest there, then. dirty frog!" said she, when behold, instead of the reptile, a prince stood before her ! gig bright eyes looked kindly qn her, as he led her by the hand to the old king, and asked her 'for his bride. He then related in what manner a wicked fairy had changed him into a frog, and had granted to none but the princess the power to set him free. When the sun rose the next morning, there appeared before ,the castle gates a handsome chariot, drawn by eight white horses adorned with plumes of waving feathers, and harnesFed with golden chains. Near it stood faithful Henry, the prince's servant, who had felt such bitter sorrow when his lord was enchanted, that he had been obliged to bind his heart with tiirEe iron hoops, to prevent it bursting with gries:. The happy prince entered the chariot with beautiful bride, to return to his country ail' kingdom once more, and faithful Henry toolt: his seat behind them. They had proceeded but a short way on their journey, when the prince heard something crack; he feared it wa s the chariot breaking; but Henry cried, " !it is but one of the bands I placed round my heart, when my lord was wearily imprisoned in the deep, cold well." Again and again the cracking was repeated—. each time the prince thought the chariot wasi broken; but it was indeed only the bursting the iron hoops that encircled the faithful eel' vant's heart, which were useless now that his lord was free and happy.

A Smiling Face and a Kind Ileart.—Whil will you do—smile, and make your housahol happy, or be crabbed, and make all those you'll ones gloomy, and the elder ones mitserable The amount of happiness you can produce itsi incalculikle, if you show a smiling face. a kin heart, and speak pleasant words. Wear a Pleasci ant countenance; let joy beam in your eyes, an love glow on your forehead. There is no like that which springs from a blind ael or a pleasant deed; and you will fee, it at night when you rest, at mornins when you rise, and through the day about your business.

It cannot be too widely known that meat ometimes made unwholesome by the use of eel.' tin kinds of wooden skewers.

A Mississippian puts it thus: "At the earne-1 olicitation of those to whom I owe monePf lave consented to become a candidate 1° ::ounty treasurer."•

-+ Architect, to Mr. de Newvo Ritch, who is ecly ,i.clering the front elevation of a projected Te(s;, deuce: "If you do not like those towers. 3'ide 3itch. we can. have them eliminated." Mr. 0 Newvo R-itch: "They're real han'some ithey be; but if 'liminatin' on 'ern w°llelo3 make 'ern han'somer, let's have 'liminated."

. . . - 7,...,:.;.:.-. .--„...„,;,..,0-:..„,,,,*„.:.....5.,,. ...A.,:::„...:,,,:,,,...t.::::::.:3:.:,*:.„....,,.g.,..:4#7:;:::,:-:,-f• ~::.i.:,.::;-::::11;-,4,.!!ii.Efiti.*.::i.k:;.::1.if:•:,Fgi.f,-:e's-.5',5,::,,f414.. ''.1..i.:1114 ...:. ": .i.i -: ze -.:;; ---,:.. -: ',..::-,.• •::-.. ....:ii4::;:....,•z.-,-- , ,_,.;,--::. „.....,,:lp, .....=::.,.:,.:,:„.)-I;:vi 114 -=:::.. , . :.:A--.-:::-..,i).: ~.... .:.. , ....i. -,,.:...-; .: ............:, -2.7... -. ,f ~....-:::.:.. '`'Z' .:,,..:::::.:::. '`..:.:::;,Tfr ' • , 'T.:;6:.,t , • -,:: , '-';',4.;*- ~.;';'.1"::"..& -,..,,;,:..,. 1.cci.:1i.;:,,;:v..i5i., :-: .. .„,..:-......:.4.....::.,... .::::..:?:. . - :is'i:',.,.:::;:.::—.: ;•ii.f,:'.;:*:..::.*:,-:":.::i:i,Y.:":"f1:::.,:',:i ill i'..77::::;,:,-,:.:,•::,',:r.7,,....i F6'.• ..t....."?.i.:•c-i_.. ~.Z, , ~..... ':. . "'::'''....11*...;:‘ , -' . .:1.•'.1i-':;;Ei,;:.::;..; 41.4'1,:-Nik '.:..."'; ::i::::::**::;::::: '''rt' :a.),':::''.;.i.ili.'.!%' ''':!..i:';:::::::.:.:§','.:Fi.ill.: :::',..f::::::::,-1.:Ii.:4 II 7 -ii. ' , - 5,1::,:•::.'.-f,-.., ...--:-..::::.i:i:,;-4----... ',-,...‘... 4467 ,--.:-:::.,.::-:,:- .:, i.::::?::,..,,,,...,..,..... • --,:?::::::-..:-.,0.,t, ~ ~.,,,,,,,,... . $......, ...-...F.)),:,:t.,...., : ~. „44 .....::::::.AI . rig: , . 'w • ,1: ._ ezt,, UNCLE - -,- - ' 'l'.:*- ' ~,, „ ,? ' - _ ' L . . ili- NED. • i , i = ..., . ...,,x-f4"01,0:..•. . ~,,„ .-.,- 1:.....--:.• ..j--%:a.':-- ''-• -- . ; •-•'‘ ' , i...,'*!‘ • - .:.--- • ' ,-,.. - ...:::,i'..-:•:•'is. '...5i•0iEc1.i.,.:.4..... ,• - - i'- . • -.,!`' 't;,t,...V ' .7! 4.1,-- ".', .:::::•-•:-::-:••••!..-fli.::: 1 THE FROG PRINCE.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
, i _ , ,

~..„."- ,Ale oA colat:e , . ~...i. , miLK hcst-,,,,,,,,,,, ..,.,. ", ,_ „., oi r '(4l .--- '.3t .',.. 111 ..... . _ . .

===== 0002601_19070921_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

SEPTEMBER.

FROM WARRINGTON TO

Acton Bridge-7 14, 7 40, 8 10,10 20 a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 2 55, a 3 35, 5 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sunday, 10 15 a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 11,8 35, al) 58,10 13 bll '2O, bll 42, all 55, a.m. 2 41,4 39,6 28, 37, 98, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 60, p.m. a nondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 22,5 30, 7 11,8 35,10 18.1311 20,11 42, 11 55 a.m. 1 15,2 41,4 39, 628, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. ,Sundays 8 42, a.m. 6 0 p.m. _ b Saturdays only. ' Chester-7.34,817,8 58, 9 5,10 ,1023,11 30 a.m.12 12, 1225, 1237, 12 55, 1 30,1 40, 2 30,3 19, 4 22, 5 6, 6 4, 9 48, 7 54,8 5,10 18, 11 35 p.m. Sundays-8 42, 10 45 a.m. 745, 11 35 p.m. Collins Green 7 5, 85, 8 25, 10 10, 10 55 a.m. 12 25, 2 45, 3 45, 5 15, 6 37, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30 P.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 60 p.m. Daresbury-7,34, 9 sa.m. 12 30, 230,3 19, 56, 64, 85,10 20 p.m. 'Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill-7 36, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 64, 744 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. Rarlestown-5 30, 75, 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 14,10 55, 11 55 a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 2 45,3 45,3 50, 515, 6 37, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 46, 8 35, 843 a.m. 6 10,60, 7 57, 9 54 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 80, 10 0 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 34, 95,10 23 10 30, a.m. 12 30 2 30, 3 19,4 22, 5 6, 6 4,7 54,8 5, 10 20,811 35 p.m.Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golborne-5 30, 75, 85, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 3 50, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 ple. Sundays 843 a.m. 60 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 6, 64, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Itlam,Cadishead-7 0,7 50 88, 9 3 a.m. 22, 4 58, 710, 915, all 50 . p.m. Sundays 8 45, 10 18, 11 32 a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18, 935 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15,7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 9 25 p.m. Sundays 6 30,8 46 a.m.3 5,8 10 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liyerpool(C.L.C.)-54 40,5 35,7 5,754,8 2,d8 35,8 50, 9 12, 9 20, 1) 50,10 35, 1050, 11 50 am. 12 0,12 50,1 10, bl 13,1 50,2 7, 250, 3 13,3 50, 3 56,1 5,4 10, 450, 52, 5 50,5 57,6 27, 6 50, 7 5,7 50,8 0,8 50,8 55,9 40, 10 11, 10 40, blO 42, bll 15,11 38, 11 47 p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, c Saturdays excepted, dMondays and Saturdays only. Sundays 440,5 35,9 0, 945,955, 11 20 a.m. 2 20, 239, 4 46, 6 22, 7 10, 8 28, 9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liferpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, b 5 25, 7 11, 7 27, 23, 9 19, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 12 25, 1 55, 245, 320 345, 347, 515, 620,78, 740, 80, 9,25, 10 0, 10 30, cll 30 pan. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. cSaturdays only.Sundays,4 51,5 20, 835, 9 5 a.m. 240,328,510, 60,80, 10 8 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, aB3O, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bll 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-W)-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 56, 530, b7ll, 85, 823, 8 46, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 12 19,1 15,2 12,2 32, 245, 318,3 31,3 50,4 26,5 10,5 15, 6 53,6 33,7 20,8 6,08 43, 9 22,d940, 10 30p.m.Sundays 2 55,4 56,7 55 a.m. 5 15, 60,7 57,9 3 p.m. a Mondays only. b Mondays excepted. c Saturdays only. dMondays and Saturdays only. Manchester (C.L.C.)-6 40, 6 55, 7 57, 8 8, 8 55, 93, 9 55, 10 55, 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 1 55, 2 55, 3 55, 4 55,4 58, 5 55, 6 55, 7 10, 7 55, 8 22, 55, 9,15, 9 55, blO 2, bll 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sundays 8 45, 9 32, 10 18, 11 22 a,.m 30, 3 15, 457, 50, 7 18, 8 55, 9 15, 9 30, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 10 20, a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 2 55, a 3 35, 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 55,b4 45,5 30,7 5,8 5,8 35, 9 19,9 25,10 10,10 40.10 55, 11 55, a.m. 12 18,12 25, 1 15, 1 50, 2 45, 3 31. 3 50, 4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 22, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56,7 46, 43, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Mondays only. Padgate-7 0, 7 12, 7 45, 8 8, 8 35, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 1218, 141, 355, 458, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 35, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 50,925 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23,9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0, 10 0 pm. Sankey-7 5, 82,95,10 0, 11 5 a.m. 12 0, bl 0, al 8, 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 26, 7 5, 8 0. 90, blO 0, alo 42, 11 39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 20 a.m. 2 39, 97. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20,3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. St. -Helens (L. & N.-W.)-7.5, 8.25,10.10, 10.55, 11.53, a.m. 1.2.:54, 1.55,2.45, 3.20,3.45, 5.15, 6.37, 7.8, 7.40, 8.0, 9.25, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 8.35, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays only. Southport C.L.C.-7.5,8.35, a 9.36, 10.25, 11.2, 12 0 a.m.1.27, 3.18, 4 10,5 2,b6.20,6 30, 7.40, 8 0, 9.10,10.40, p.m. Sundays, 9.35, am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. aMondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Thelwall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55,10 53, a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 220, 335, 49, 515, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 A.M. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only Arpley Station. Wigan (L. and N .-W .) -5 22, 5 30, 7 5, 8 35, 9 58, 10 55, 11 42 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 1 50, .3 50, 4 46, 5 15, 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, 98,10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 3 35,6 0,9 54 p.m. Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 5, 95, 10 11 5 a.m. 12 0, al 0, b 1 13, 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 26, 7 5, 8 0, 9 0, alo o,blo 37 p.m. a Saturdays excepted, b Saturdays only. Sundays 90,9 35 a.m. 2 39, 918 p.m.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROn

Acton Bridge-6 41,7 20, 8 54. 10 57 am. 12 19, a 3 0,3 55, 4 36, 7 20,8 40,Sundays 7 59 a m. 4 42 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L & N.-W.)-8 0, 8 25, 9 10,10 2,10 20, 11 50,a.m. 1 17, 2 52,4 55,6 48,7 30, 8 15, b 9 10, 10 5, blO 25 p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 1 55, 4 50, 8 20, 10 15 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. c Thursdays only. Blackpool (L. & N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 44), 10 15,11 30,11 37 a.m.l 37,310,3 28, 4 27,5 20,7 0, 8 45, 10 0,1050 p.m. Sundays 7 25 a.m. 1 31, 5 8, 7 45 p.m. Chester-2 25, 14 20, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 a.m.l 35, 2 0, 2 10,2 :33,3 0, 3 50,4 10,5 15, 5 23, 6 30,7 25,7 55, 8 10.8 50 a9lO p.m. Sundays 2 25,4 20, .6 40, 7 15 a.m. 6 55, 8 35 p.m. b Mondays excepted. a Mondays and Saturdays only. c Saturdays only. Collins Green-6 40, 79, 845, 10 24, 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 2 20, 3 5, 4 1. 5 38, 6 42, 7 47, 9 6, alo 43, 10 58 p.m. Sundays 810 a.m. 7-15 p.m. a Saturdays ' excepted. Darestmry-8 11, 10 17,11 18 a.m.2 49, 6 2,7 11,8 48 P.m. Sundays 726 a.m. 747 p.m. Dunham Hill- 7 39, 9 52, 10 52 a.m. 2.22, 35, 6 47, 822 p.m. Sundays 648 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Ea.rlestown-7 2, 7 13, 8 47, 850, 9 15. 9 45, 10 26, 10 36, 11 26 a.m. 12 38, 1 14, 23; 327, 5 10, 5 43, 5 52, 6 55, 7 43, 88, 9 10, 9 34, 10 47, all 1, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 957, 10 3 ft.M. 345,724,102 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-7 9, 8 53, 942, 10 45 a.m. 12 3, al2 57, 24, 3 27, 54. 62, 6 58, 914 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Satutdays only. Frodsham-7 53,9 0, 10 1, 11 1, a.m. 231, 49, 5 44, 6 56, 8 31, p.m. Sunday 72, a.m. 724 p.m. Golborne-6 44, 8 26,10 12.a.m. 12 17, 2 41, 4 31, 5 30, 7 15, 9 21, 10 42, a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 75 p.m. Helsby-7 46, 8 56, 9 57,10 57, R.M. 2 27, 4 4,4 27, 5 40, G 54, 827, p.m. Sunda 6 53, a.m. 7 18, p.m. - Irlam and Cadishead-6 19, 6 48, 7 35, 9 53, a.m. 17, 4 54. 6 54. 8 55, 11 20, p.m. Sundays 921, 11 0, a.m. 1 20, 2 22.6 55, 8 sn, 10 0 p.m. Latchford-7 55, 8 40, 9 22, 10 2, 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45, 2 13. 30, 338, 426, b 539. 67, 649, 739, 9 52, cll 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays .rixcepted. a Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-5 10, 6 15,6 30.. 7 30,7 40,8 17, 8 30, 8 35,3 40, 9 20,9 30, 9 33,9 45, 10 30, 11 5, 1115. 11 30, 11 33 11 50 a.m.12 30, 12 50,1 0, 1 3,1 25, 1 45, 2 30, 2 40, 2 43, 4 0, 4 30, 4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 6 35, 7 30, 8 30, 8 33, 8 36, 8 40;9 30, hlO 50, 11 0, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 8 55, 10 45, 11 15 a.m. 2 30,3 20, 3 55, 4 30, 6 15, 6 30. 8 30, 9 35, p.m. Liverpool (1,. & N.-W.)-n 2 35,5 5P,6 10, 7 50,85, 8 35,9 5, 9 30.9 55,11 0 a.m.12 25, 1 15, 13 5,2 45, 3 0, 3 35, 4 20, 4 50, 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 25, 8 30, 9 0, blO 5, 1045, h 1115 p.m. a Vondays oily. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 35,9 2011.111.2 10,6 30,7 15,1045 p.m. Lyrnm-7 48,8 32,9 14, 9 54,11 3 it.M. I 11, al 37, 25, 2 50, 330, 4 18, b 5 31, 5 59, 611, 73!, 9 '43, 11 33 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdaysexcepted. Sundays Sl5 a.m. 2 25. 715 p.m. Manchester(Cent)s 55,6 30, 7 30,733,8 30,a9 5, 9 30, 9 33, 10 5, 10 30, 10 35' 11 3n 12 30, 12 50, 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 3 45, 4 30, 435, 5 30. 60. 6 30, 6 35, 7 10, 7 30, 830, 835, 9 20, 10 20, a 1055, 11 0 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 30, 95, 9 25, 9 30, 10 30 a.m. 1 40, ti 0.2 5, 60, 6 35, 8 30,9 40 p.m. Manchester (London Road.')-7 5,7 50,9 20,10 25, a.m. 12 30, bl 5, 2 0,2 55, 3 40, tts 0, 5 20, 65; 6 55, 95, 11 0, p.m. Sundays 7 30. a.m. 1 40, 630 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. b Saturdays only. Moore-6 56, 96,11 9 a.m. 12 32, a 3 1, 48, 4 55, 37 3 p.m. Sundays 818 a.m. 458 p.m, a Wedaes- days and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 20, 8 42, 97, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 11 8 a.m. 12 35, al 5, al 28, 1 44, 37, 4 48, 5 5, 5 38, 549, 6 27, 7 30, 8 5, 9 31, 10 3,1! 4, all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3 40, 7 20, 11 7 p.m. a Saturdays only. Padgate-6 30, 6 58, 7 55, 8 29,9 0, 10 3 a.m. 1 20,

===== 0002601_19070921_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
as. of Lis .1

===== 0002601_19070921_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
' - _ . •, , 4111. ,

The Examiner, Saturday, September 21, 1907.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS. ! RUGBY FOOTBALL.

2 0, 55, 6 18,7 5, 9 6, 10 25, 11 32 p.m. Sundays 8 52, 11 14 a.m. 2 33,9 12, 10 14, 10 20 p.m. Runcorn-5 55,8 34, 9 19, 10 17 a.m. 12 24, 14, 3 7, 4 40, 5 41, 6 30, 8 10, 10 10 p.m. Sankey-7 5, 7 50, 8 27, 9 30,10 16, 10 35 5..m.12 36 1 35, 1 40, 2 35, 3 43, 4 35,5 26,5 35,6 23, 7 25, 8 28, 9 32,11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m. 48, 8 54, p.m. Southport-8 0, 90, 10 15, 10 40,12 25, 1 30, 2 45, 45, 4 10, 5 25,7 15,8 5,a9 5,10 o.Sundays 9 0,20, 750, a Saturdays only. Thelwall-7 51, 8 36, 8 18, 9 58, 11 7 a.m. 1 15, al 41, 2 9, 2 55, 3 34,,4 22 b 5, 35, 6 3, 6 45, 7 35,9 47, 11 28 p.m. Sunddys, 8 19 a.m. 2 59, 719 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)--a2 39, b 3 10, 6 33, 8 15, 9 17, 9 54, 100, 11 38 a.m. 125, 126, 2 30, 327, 4 20, 4 56, 520 6 55, 75, 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 39, 930 a.m. 3 25, 6 55, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only.

OUR UNSEEN SUN.

No one has even seen the sun. This, says a writer in the Pall Mall Magazine, is not an epigramm-atic pleasantry, but the cheer- less scientific truth. A series of concentric shells aenvelopes a nucleus of which we know absolutely nothing, except that it must be al- most infinitely hotter than the fieroest fur- nace, and that it must amount to more than nine-tenths of the total solar mass. That nucleus is the real sun, for ever hidden from uc.

GOOSEBERRY BLIGHT.

The importance of the gooseberry crop and the destructive nature of the blight by which it has been affected in recent years lends special interest to W. Herter's account in the Bacteriological C entralblat of the his- tory of the spread of the disease in Europe. The blight is due to a species of fungus, and first appeared in Europe in 1900. It has , spread with remarkable rapidity, and has ' been recorded in Ireland, Russia, Sweden, A new remedy has lately been brought to light which Denmark, Germany, Finland, Norway, and is now being recommended and prescribed everywhere. It is made from a famous prescription by a noted

CUT THIS OUT TO-DAY And take it to your Chemist For the New Remedy for All Forms of NERVE AND BODILY WEAKNESS.

- specialist, and is called Dr. Cassell 's Tablets. It costs i

TRANSPLANTATION OF HAIR.

_ only a few pence, and we advise all persons, young o I 1 Signor Nardo has addressed a letter to the old, who are suffering from any form of nerve or bodily ( Academy of Padua on the subject of the weakness, or such complaints as indigestion, weakness growth of hair after death, and even after it of the kidneys and back, palpitation," loss of flesh or separates from the body. The Signor recounts appetite, weak lungs, and those who are in any way thin, the results of experiments made on his own son in the transplantation of hair, and re- weak, nervous, or badly developed, to try these tablets. g 3 s that by transplanting quickly a hair Stout people may take them without fear of increase of sfila its root from a pore of the head into a adipose tissue, because of their extraordinary Power of, were of the chest, easily to be accomplished converting fat into sound healthy flesh, blood, bone and by widening the pore somewhat with the muscle, and transforming physidal weakness into , point of a needle, introducing the root with friction, and e.xckittincf within f the pore itself by strength and nerve force. The price is only 10 id. Ask iotna,keas slrogot, ceogortLeueosto inflammation, for Dr. Cassell's Tablets at any chemist's. The public hair vegetate, and are 0 be congratulated in now being able to secure grows; in one season changes colour, becomes this famols remedy, for everyone who takes it are white, and falls out. I astonished at its marvellous strengthening effeipt.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY EDUCATION COMMITTEE. ,

Training College Scheme For Cheshire.

ILancashire Education Committee on Monday by , resolution protested against the decision to reduce the Treasury grant to the Manchester University from I £12,000 to £lO,OOO per annum, and expressed the hope i that the, Government would reconsider the matter. The I need for additional training college accommodation in the county was urged, and a resolution was passed calling on the Higher Education Sub-Committee to again consider the question. A TRAINING COLLEG E SCHEME. The Cheshire Education Committee on Monday approved the idea of providing a training college for teachers with a hostel. A special Sub-committee , reported that the training of ex-bursars whileemployed as student teachers, would, in the circumstances of a t county area such as Cheshire, be costly, difficult to work, and ineffective, and that the establishment of a I training college would, as compared with any other system, be of both financial and educational advantage. Professor Gonner, in moving the adoption of the recommendations of the Sub-committee, said that at present training colleges were overwhelmed with appli- cations. A site for a college for 80 or 100 students would cost about £3,000, the cost of the building would be about £6O a head, and the cost of a hostel annexed would be about £3,000. or, altogether, an outlay of about £12,000, towards which the Board of Education would co.ntribute 75 per cent. That would leave the county to provide £3,000, which would involve £212 a year in the repayment of principal and interest for ' thirty years. The entrance fees would be about £lO, the Government would make a maintenance grant towards the cost of the students, and the students would have to provide the difference. They would want !80 places for their own students, and might be able to ; take a few from outside. 1 The Motion was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. Results for Saturday, September 14th. FIRST DIVISION. Burtonwood St. Paul's 0, Warrington Central 1. Fairfield 5, Monks Hall 0. Oughtrington Park 6, Palatine 2.

SECOND Division. Monks Hall Reserve 1, Fairfield Reserve 2. St. Elphin's 1, Oughtrington Park Reserve 1. Arpley 2, St. John's 4. St. Mary's 4, Walker's 3. Warrington Central Reserve 0, Orford G. Matches for Saturday, September 21st. FIRST DI VISION. Monks Hall v. Warrington St. Pa ul's. Rurtonwood Social v. Oughtrington Park. Palatine v. Burtonwood St. Paul's. Rylands v. Fairfield. Latchford v. Penketh.

SECOND Div ISION. Fairfield Reserve v. Central Reserve. St. John's v. St. Mary's. Walker's v. Arpley. Orford v. St. Elphin's.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TERRORS OF CONSTIPATION. KER-NAK, the Great NATURAL REMEDY. Old-style Purges and Mineral Pills Displaced. Fruit Utilized by Science.

1 They are streamless and springless and un- ! The urgent need for a new And natural more effective inhabited, except by a few fishermen who I plan of overcoming constipation has led up to the pro- ' live on the largest. These men live ' duction of Ker-Nak, a wonderful pearl-coated pill, by water obtained by spreading out fleeces in the evening, and wringing the dew 'i which is quickly displacing those old-style medicines from them in the ,morning. If on one of the ! that are mainly composed of mineral drugs of a more or i heights in the Desertas a dew-pond of good ) less harmful character. I size were constructed, a plentiful supply of 1 Mineral drugs are not present in this new medicine. water should be obtained from the moisture- On the contrary Ker-Nak is a purely natural medicine 1 laden atmosphere. Thus vegetation could be i ; prepared from certain essences and oils, the valuable 1 supurtbe:l, and d into quickly-growing trees t constituents of fresh, ripe frnit, in combination with h an rain e in would the I reuinducednuto fall,inannd eaxltsoteanleee i valaable vegetable extracts. In the result we have a I climatic condition's would result. We fail to ! potent and concentrated inedicine,with a laxative action,' see why the Desertas should not in time be- many time, that of ordinary fruit, and a ,remedy on I come as fertile as Madeira itself—one of the : strictly natural lines, and free from the weakening Lind 1 richest spots on the face of the globe.

; bowel-paralysing perils of old-fashioned purges. ! How valuable this distinctive /Ker-Nak treinent FIGHTING FOG. I must be for obstinate and ordinary constipation will be An interesting apparatus is the invention .at once seen. New hope is brought to chronic sufferers, of M. Dibos, a French engineer. Its aim is to disperse fog by artificial. means. The early , Doses with Ker-Nak at night, and after the mid-day experiments were made with hot air, but meal, possess not merely the vcluable power to remove later M. Dibos relied on electricity. In 1899, obstruction and thoroughly cleanse the bowel, but the says the New York Engineering Magazine, POWER TO SOOTHE AND RESTORE M. Dibos happened to be on board a Channel to health the entire alimentary tract. Ker-Nak will steamer, which ran into a dense bank of fog. : sut the stomach and the bowels (which receive the He noticed that in the immediate vicinity of the mouth of one of the stoke-hole ventila- . food we have eaten from the stomach so as to turn the tors there was a cle:-‘r soace of considerable • best of it into good b one, blood, and tissue) into excel- size. He immediately coieived the idea that lent working humour. Ker-Nak assists them in moments the mechanical shock of the heated air de- of weakness, indigestion, and strain. stroyed the equilibrium of the particles of I Hand in hand with Nature, Ker-Nak imparts to these 1 water and caused them to fall. A few ex- periments with a small fan confirmed this organs a new lease of health and solid strength, effete i opinion. Convinced, therefore, that a much decaying feud substances are r emoved,so that poisonousl I larger space might be cleared by the gases are no longer given off and allowed to rise,causing headache and a horrid low -down sort of feeling. PROJECTION OF HEATED AIR ! Severe headaches, a sallow, jaundiced complexion, : under considerable pressure,'- M. Dibos con. impure blood, pimples, loss of appetites anemia tinued his researches, and devised a simple and I various female irregularities, sleeplessness, hysteria, apparatus which under test produced in a der fog a eleaf space over 200 yards long. "nerves," and irritability—these symptoms, which aret His first apparatus was adapted especially the frequent accompanimen ts of constipation, quickly 1 for use on steamships, and consisted primarily disappear with a course of Ker-Nak. lof a cast-steel, steam-jacketed cylinder. This Such, indeed, are the results already attained that had communication with the outer air by Ker-Nak is already acquiring the proud distinction of , means of a pipe, which was fitted with a being the peoples 1 valve and bent, so that the cone-shaped cop- ! FA VOURITE FAMILY PRESCRIPTION. , per mouthpiece's axis was horizontal. During fogs Monsieur Dibos pumped compressed nil - Ker-Nakl ' Ker-Nak is So superior to old-fashioned pills, that into the cylinder,heated by the stam whichi parents have no hesitation in abandoning those out-of' circulated in the steam-jacket. .This corn- date styles of " doctoring "; and so gentle and natural pressed air was then 1 that it is good alike for child and adult. Ker-Nak has I DISCHARGED INTO THE FOG, . been widely tested and declared to be unrivalled for, the discharge pipe being pivoted in such a constireition, indigestion, bilious attacks, headache manner that the compressed air could be dis- nausea, flatulenee,or wind, depression, anwmia, and charged in any direction. ng most female ailments in youth, motherbookmiddle- i En- age and declining years; pa le, sallow, and sickly corn- , ienr ei le nr ei int ftContinui his researches, says the 11wag a z i nee, h lecMtric v„ Dibosav edse c idwlclil c lio ehxe- plexions, sleeplessness, palpitation, aches and pains in , thought could be so utilised as to give better the back and loins, shortness of breath, pimples, blood 1 results than he had obtained with heated air, impurities, heartburn, loss of appetite, bad breath,piles, and in 1904 he installed an apparatus at liver chill, and other prevalent liver, stomach, and Wimereux-Plage, near Calais. In this iu- I sltaollatli voltsiion from a electrical energy at a potential of bowel troubles, rheumatic affection 4 s, influenza and its rfromelectrostatica series of smaieehinoe after-effects, and the many ailments brought about by I was discharged into the the Autumn weather changes. copper points. These points were about This unique and natural medicine may be obtainedl 30ft, above the ground. Several tests made . in an extremely dense fog shewed that elec- tric all chemists and stores, or from the sole pro torjc waves at this potential can produce a prietors, Ker-Nak Natural Remedy, Ltd., Turnmill- street, London, E.C. in two sizes. Is. 10. and 2s. Dd., reglydisopesilitoyn yoa fr CI fog s. BY! t iliPo oas rcaolistneg daintily packed and of handy size. that his researches so enormously impor- tant to the shipping industry—are by no envie complete at the present moment,.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
LIQUID CRYSTALS.

It is now many years since the interesting discovery was made that certain liquid bodies may possess the optical prdperties of crystals. To these the term "liquid 'crystals" has been applied. If the definition of a crystal as a body bounded by plane faces of regular geometrical form be rigidly adhered to, these doubly refractive liquids could not rightly be so called. Since, however, they possess what may be regarded as the more essential properties of- crystals, viz., their optical characters they may appropriately be classed with them. The "Proceedings of the Royal Society" contains an account by Adams and Aschoff of some experiments on liquid crystals carried out by them. Their ob- servations were made on Myelin bodies, and potential fluid crystals. They find that the Myelin bodies often possess the property of double refraction. On account of this and other characters they must be regarded as fluid sphero-crystals. It was also found that a number of substpces of the nature of soaps possess these properties:

===== 0002601_19070921_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTIQUITY OF THE TSETSE FLY.

If Professor Cockerell is right in his iden- tification, that troublesome pest, the tsetse fly, is of considerable antiquity. In the ' Miocene shales of Florissant, Colorado, a fossil fly was found with a very long and strong proboscis, and on examining it Pro- fessor Cockerell concluded that it must be a ' tsetse. A further scrutiny, and a comparison with figures of flies of the genus Glossina, convinced him that if it could not be in- cluded in this group it was at any rate very nearly allied. A slight difference in the vena- tion of the wing was observed which may or may not be thought of sufficient value to justify the placing of this 'fly in a separate genus. However this may be, the fossil is doubtless to be regarded as a tsetse fly of Miocene Age. Professor Cockerell further identifies the fossil with the species of Oligo- cene Age described by Scudder in 1892. This fly was named Palnestrus oligocenus, and re- ferred to the order ZEstride. Combining these two results we may trace back the an- cestry of the tsetse fly to Olircene times. lAt the present day_ the destructive nature of ! the tsettse is well known.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
DEW - PONDS.

In theit book on "Neolithic Dew-ponds and Cattle-ways," by Dr. A. J. Hubbard and Mr. George •Hubbard, F.S.A. (Longmans), the authors state their conviction that the habitability of large desolate tracts of land in this planet depends to-day upon the adoption of some scientific modification of the prehistoric device which alone, made life possible on the hill-tops to our neolithic an- cestors. It is maintained that over 1,000 slieep may be watezed daily at one of these dew-ponds when it is in good working order, and that every morning finds it replenished. Consider, for instance, they say, the case of the three islands known as the Desertas. Their nearest point is about twelve miles from Madeira, and they are close together; the largest measures about 'ten miles by two miles. As their name implies, they are desert islands, on which we believe that 1 RAIN NEVER FALLS.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION LEAGUE.

LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

WARRINGTON " A " V. ROCHDALE HORNETS" A."— Warrington " A" team opened their season in credit- able style on Saturday, Rochdale Hornets being the visitors to Wilderspool. From the first scrimmage the home backs initiated a passing movement, which ended in Kenyon, scoring at the corner. Knight failed to con- vert. The game had only been restarted a few minutes when Kenyon. in attempting to kick a goal, struck the cross-bar. Holbrook followed up and grounded under- neath the post. Smart passing by the backs ended in Landor crossing at the corner. A penalty against the Hornets was turned to good account by Forster. A, round of passing resulted in Landor again scoring at thel corner. Just before the interval the Hornets scored through Kiley. Half-time : Warrington "A," 14 points : Rochdale Hornets, three points. In the second half Warrington had again the better of matters, tries b6ng registered by Kenyon (2) and Jolley. Final: Warrington, 33 points: Rochdale Hornets, six points.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

WARRING TON V. ASHTON-UNDER-L YNE.—War ringtOß played their concluding match of the season at Arpley on Saturday. Scores : _

WARRINGTON. ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. J. Callon c Roberts b F. L. Eaton b Bennett 14 Kershaw 26 G.Radcliffe b Bennett 15 W. Richardson b Hewit- C.Wilson c Richardson

son Cresswell b Hewitson... 1 S.F. Eaton b Cresswell 7 J. Thompson c Hewitson P. S. Kershaw c Ashton b Roberts J. W. Bibby b Kershaw... 2 Ilewitsonc Richardson W. V. Turton b Hewitson 1 b Cresswell J. W. Bainbridge b J. Dearnley c and b Kershaw

HTISO-lan cS. E. Eaton b W.Bowness b Cresswell 0 Roberts A. Duckworth b Radcliffe 19 S. Smethurst c Dolan W. Bennett c Watson b b Cresswell 0 Roberts W. Ashton not out 7 worth b Creswell... 1 Extras l6 Extras

Total 152 Total 65 BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTQIC. ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. Hewitson ..... 20 7 43 3 Cresswell ... 14.2 5 18 6 Roberts S. E. Eaton 6 115 0 P. S. Kershaw 6 0 34 3 S. Radcliffe 1 0 2 1 WARRINGTON AND DISTRIC T Li AGUE. FINAL TABLE.

P. W. L. D. Pts St. James' Cheshire L. Engineers 15 ... 10 ... 5 ... 0 ... 20 Mackie's

Orford Barracks Wilderspool Brewery l4 ... 6 ... 7 ... 1 ... 13 Castle Rubber Works l4 ... 5 ... 9 ... 0 ... 10 i Bewsey Wesleyans Walker's Brewery ' ST. JAMES' V. CFIESIIIRE LINES ENGINEERS.—This final for the League Competition was played on Walker's Brewery ground on Saturday. Scores : CHESHIRE LINES. ST. JAMES'. Duckworth b Holt Brown run out Howard c Knight b Holt 3 Holt run out Hill b Holt Massey b Green 1 Knight c.Hill b Monks 12 IRilay b Holt Deeley b Holt 0 Tole b Monks 3 Monks c Knight b Green 4 Cartwright b Chamber- Chamberlain b Holt 0 lain McKay b Holt Hulme not out H. Booth b Chamber- lain Extras

_ Total ' 28

Total 9l

BROKEN LEG CAUSES DEATH.

The coroner for the honour and fee of Halton has been notified of the death at Runcorn Hospital of William Woodcock, aged forty-six, labourer, of Cooper- street. A week ago Woodcock slipped off thekerb of the wotway in Lord-street and fell. His leg was fractured just above the ankle, and he died as a result of the injnry. The inquest was held on Monday after- noon by Mr. Ridgway, the deputy-coroner. Fred Rovrjes, fitter, said he saw the deceased's feet suddenly fly from beneath him as though he had slipped upon something. Deceased had had some drink, but wap not drunk.— Dr. Delaney said the decet.sed had a compound communated fracture of the leg. Blood-poisoning set in, and caused his death.—A verdict according to the medical evidence was returned.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Eiffel Tower MILK PUDDING

A id. packet Makes a delicious milk pudding in ten minutes. Try it. You will be delighted.

MBIS

===== 0002601_19070921_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
—% Sold everywhere in boxes, price 111 i (56 pills) & 219 (168 pills). _

4* cif)

41f) oW 0 # 10-1' ci)

===== 0002601_19070921_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
9

Rem Cause I ,ncl disorders of t ;er, aud to give :h cases, are the pri: )rr's BILIOUS &

caused by. wFaku,

of Stomach and Livc; BILIOUSNESS, INDIGES OF APPETITE, CONSTI TION, AND LASSITUD" lave a complete anti ' in Dr. Scott'

To ,ove the ji Disease the Stomach and mediate relief in incipal functions : LIVER PILLS.

less of the action such as iTION, LOSS PA- -

square green packages and 2/9 per box..

S

.. . .. ' , . • .• • • :'' -. :“ . •• • _..- al Ail •'' LIN, . all sue: ...'i of Dr. SCO' ~4 .;: All ailments .. .. . . li.. ..: . dote _..T. :,cott's ..' Pills. . . , . Obtainable at all Chemists : and Stores. '

/ I ' ..... ,A 0 • . _ ~

===== 0002601_19070921_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER, & CO. Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. " EXAMINER " OFFICE,

BEWSEY ST., WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ilo GS

===== 0002601_19070921_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
PLY AS AN ADVERTISEMENT

S

===== 0002601_19070921_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Outdoor Partie

on the river,. _ Jpen air, conditions are the enloyment of the sweet, music of the

COLUMB. GRAPH-o-phone. Get the name right. COLUMBIA GRA, 0-phone—the Talking Machine that has more highest possible awards than all put together Price Book TO'

.Au dealt,. COLUMBIA PHOI% 64 & 66, Oxford GLASGOW* • Union St

4 s .7, , - i I (I) i . . 3r . lia 4' • '.4„,_,---; wg,741 . • -0.... c". ,o*. At. li, ----_,---,-- ~ , , 't 4 7.,./,. , 1 , .....„,--- coo In the lof the garden, 1 -, or anywhere In the of 'ideal for i •, natural / IA PH- taken . others .. "gives "sarticulars of cylinder and disc ' itinean). Askfor "Easy Payment Terms" , dealers, or write nearest branch. 'vHONOGRAPH Co., Gen'l., cord St., London, W. 50, -3t., CARDIFF: 96,St.Mary St., MANCHESTER: 54, Market St.

des from a tcrestai.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THERAPlONThissuccessfulPo- pular remedy, used in continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostan, Jobert,Velp- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for irnpuritvofblood,spots,blotchesPaio & swelling ofjoints, kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischartes, piles, gravel, pains in back, gout,rheumatisrn,exhaustion, sleeplessness, &c. Three forms, Nos. 1,2 &3, according to disea,es. Price 2/9 (particulars id. stamp) post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co, Haver- stock Road,Harup stea.d, London,& principal Chemists.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
HANDSOME FREE CIFTS.

With each order for one Dress Length of our NEW WYLWYRWELL FABRIC, value 7/6, 8/1.1, or 9/6, we shall present, absolutely free, a Silver Brooch, Charm, Glove Mirror, Seal, or Hat Pin, all Hall- marked and worth from 141 to 2 6 each. HOW TO PROCEED.—Write at once for Patterns and full particulars and select which article

you prefer.

Patterns and Price List Post Free (need not be

returned).

LUTAS LEATHLEY 84, CO., IA, Wylwyrwell Warehouse, ARMLEY, LEEDS.

14REATINdS OWDE ' 1.0 .: ' FLEAS. BUGS) FLIES: ?6? Pi ...]

THE WANT OF THE DAY.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
CRITCHLEYS STARCH GLOSS

No More SOFT LINBN .when Starched Used in the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. ONCE TRIED,

ALWAYS TRIED.

MAKES OLD LINEN

LIKE NEW. The greatest boon ever offered to the Laundress for imparting an Ivory Finish to Siarcbed Linen, Laces, etc. It does not stick to spider-web like materials. Sold by Grocers, Chemists. Stores, etc In packets at Id., 3d., and 6d. each. PARED BY T. CRITCHLEV, CHEMIST BLA RBURN.

, I ' V 0.. . - , • i - PRE

===== 0002601_19070921_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
STU"'

ECONO

ST - DRINK .1 MTCAL IN AND THE TIMESAVING 1-444 clip mINCTOk • ' • " 111 111 _I., *MADE IN MINUTE: . LlRes. NALt' gGIROACLELRS AND

===== 0002601_19070921_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
RING UP

FLEPRONE No. 355 Y

PRINTING.

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

PRINTERS.

BOOKBINDERS.

LITHOGBAPHER9. Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production or large oraerS, 3.3 well as ror the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any sue or pattern on blue, white, or fancy paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CXRDS Printed from plate or type.

IRCLARS in the neatest style, from modern type, and of the best workmanship.

PROGRAMMER for Entertainments, !Concerts ac.. In the latest artistic style.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPIION BOORS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

ICrANDBILLS. in large or small quantitios. cheap and effective. k

HymN pApgßs for Schoolp, Sermon, Sajes of Song. ?estivate. &c.

rIATALOGIJE for Puhlic And Private LibrarieF Auctioneers and Tradosmen.

PRIOR ',lsm Printed on card or paper Illu 8 trated. It required.

JOHN WALKER & G).

CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SHEETS NOTICES OF MEETINGS POSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES

POST CARDS CRICKET FIXTURES.

EVERY DESCRIPTION OF _ PRINTIN

AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHEDULES AND CATALOGUES. .CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES, INVOICES, PRICE LISTS, CIRCULARS, PAMPHLETS, TIME BooK s, MILL Worm, CATALOGUES, CLUB RULES, PROGRAMMES, BALANCE SHEETS,

EXFOUTED AT SNORT NoTICEB.

PosTF,RS OF ALL SIZES SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR P,LACARDS.

Attention is invited to our NEW FOUNTS OF TYPE and WOOD LETTER for Large Posters. FOR ALL KINDS OF NEAT POSTERS EXTRA LAUGH SIZE,

40 x 60 One She Pt. WE PRINT THE ,LARGEST POSTERS IN THE DISTRICT.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FORL PAPER RULING.

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

JOHN WALKER AND Co "EXAMINER" OFFICE.

BEWSZY QTREET, W&RRINGTON

===== 0002601_19070921_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
=MiimmismIIIIMIMMIIIIII

===== 0002601_19070921_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t c,,•.,1. _ If' i

===== 0002601_19070921_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

By " °vast."

One of the tit-bits of the season is reserved for the Wilderspool patrons to-day. The visit of P.uncorn is always interestipg, and generally productive of a good game. The "Linnets" play to win wherever they go and they would as soon win at Warrington as any- -where else. In times past they could rely upon doing cso with some regularity, but in recent seasons they have always lost points on the Wilderspool ground. TI expect they will be on the wrong side to-day, though I do not attach much importance to the fact that Runcorn have already been twice beaten, whereas "Warrington have won their two opening matches. Runcorn have a good side yet, and ought to do far better than of late.

Warrington will have practically the same team as last week,Lees coming in,in place of Jordan,and Belton :substituting Harmer. Neither Jenkins nor Shugars has returned yet, but they are expected every week now. The Warrington side will therefore be : Tilley, ; Fish, Isherwood, Taylor, and Dickenson, threequarters ; Lees and Brooks,half-backs ; Preston, Thomas, Boardman, Heath, Belton and Naylor, forwards.

It was a good performance by Warrington to win at Rochdale on Saturday, for the Hornets are an improved aide and always make a great effort against the Wire- pullers. Warrington's superior class told, however, in the long run and they returned winners by 10 points to 5. The game was a decidedly fast one, and very keenly contested, especially by the forwards. In fact an attempt to secure possession by Proctor of the Hornets resulted in that player sustaining a broken leg in a collision with Thomas. The War- rington forwards were always a bit too powerful for the home lot and generally got possession. A =eh bigger score would have better represented the play, for the Warrington passing twice took the ball to the line where Upton, the full-back, intercepted in remarkable style. He was about the best man on the Hornets' side, though Baxter played a sound game.

The scoring was opened by the homesters, Schofield bluffing the Warrington defence by a sham pass in a fashion which delighted the 6,000 people who patronised the Hornets opening match. Warrington had the wind against them, but smart work behind resulted in Fish getting away and feeding Harmer who crossed near the goal, Fish completing the effort with a neat place kick. A. penalty goal by Lipton brought the scores level at the interval. On resuming, Warrington soon began to look a winning side, the backs playing well though closely watched by the home defenders. Brooks cross-kicked cleverly, and Taylor racing up beat the fall back and gav9 Dickinson a walk in, Fish again goaling. The scdre ought to have been augmented by the winners, but several chances were missed.

On the Warrington side the forwards and halves won the game. Both worked hard, and Jordan and Brooks came in for some hard knocks. Brooks played with cleverness and dash, and frequently got through The defence. Taylor, Fish, and Tilley all did well again, while little fault could be found with Dickinson and Isherwood.

The following is the Northern League table -up-to-date : Agst. Per-

For.

P. W. L. D. Pts. G. T. P. G. T. P. c't'ge. Halifax 3 3 0 0 6 8 3 25 4 1 11 100400 Hunslet 2 '2 0 0 4 4 4 20 1 2 8 10000 Batley 3 2 1 0 4 2 4 16 2 2 10 6666 Oldham Warrington 2 2 0 0 4 7 8 38 1 2 8 10000 Barrow York Salford Bradford 2 1 1 0 2 2 5 19 1 5 17 5000 Hull 4 2 2 0 410 9 47 5 6 28 50.00 Hull K. R 2 1 1 0 2 6 7 33 4 5 23 5000 Wigan 9 1 1 0 2 4 4 20 4 7 29 5000 Keighley 2 1 1 0 2 4 6 26 2 2 10 5000 Huddersfield 2 1 1 0 2 2 3 13 4 3 17 50.00 Leeds Dewsbuiy 2 1 1 0 2 3 3 15 3 5 21 50100 Wakefield 2 1 1 0 2 511 43 5 7 31 5000 Leigh Broughton 2 1 1 0 2 '2 4 16 3 3 15 5000 Swinton Runcorn St. Helens 2 0 2 0 0 0 3 9 310 36 00.00 Rochdale 2 0 2 0 0 2 3 13 5 4 22 001)0 Widnes '2 0 2 0 0 3 3 15 2 7 25 001)0

Ebbw Vale 2 0 2 0 0 1 1 5 2 3 13 0000 Merthyr ... 2 0 2 0 0 1 4 14 610 60 00 00 Dratmloy • 1 0 1 0 0 1 1 5 2 3 13 00'00

The Warrington "A" team opened well against the Hornets "A" it t Wilderspool, and proved much too strong for the visitors. Cartwright and Kenyon dis- tinguished themselves and both look like challenging for places in the first team at an early date.

The " " team to go to Runcorn to-day is; Knight, full back; Kenyon, Jordan, Cartwright, and Landor, threequarters ; Kaye and Dainteth,half backs; Harmer, Boardman, Holbrook, Forster, Jolley and Hewitt, forwards.

A meeting of the Lancashire County Union Com- mittee was held in Manchester on Tuesday erening. The teams for the Lancashire County trial match at Warrington, the date of which has been altered from the 25th to Monday the 30th inst, were selected as follows : Probables.—H. Gifford (Barrow), full-hack; J. Leytham (kVigan), left wing, B. Jenkins (Wigan), left centre, R. Wilson (Broughton Rangers), right centre, and S. Johnson (Wigan), right wing, three-quarter backs; J. jolley (Runcorn) and T. White (Oldham), half-backs: P. O'Neill (Leigh), J. Beetham (Broughton Rangers), D. Rees (Salford), A. Naylor (Warrington), R. Padbury •Runcorn), and A. Smith (Oldham), forwards.

Possibles.—W. Dixon (Oldham), full hack: J. Fish (Warrington), left wing, D. Isherwood (Warrington), left centre, J. Butterworth (Runcorn), right centre, and G. Tyson (Oldham), right wing, threequarter-backs ; E. Brooks (Warrington), and J. Thomas (Wigan), half- backs; Dan Davies (Swinton), B. Avery (Oldham), W. Simister (Swinton), A. Hannah (Barrow), E. Thomas (Salford), and .1. Spencer (Salford), forwards. Reserves.—W. Barlow (Broughton Rangers),full-back ; H. Price (Wigan), right centre, A. Valentine (Swinton), left centre, C. Creevey (St. Helens), right wing, and J. Gill (Widnes), left wing, threequarter-backs ; D. Preston (Salford), and D. John (Salford), half-hacks; F. Mooney (St. Helens), G. Ruddick (Broughton Rangers). W. Winstanley (Leigh), and A. Richardson (Runcorn), forwards.

F. G. Bate was the most successful batsman in Mr. Podniore's eleven. He played Frank Harry's bowling with confidence and-carried out his bat after compiling 27. B. Lowe was also in good form and made 20. The same player shone in the bowling department, capturing seven wickets. Sergeant Milward (14) was the only other player to reach double figures. W. H. Podmore, the captain,l had decidedly hard luck, being caught off Harry's first ball by Jones. The match was a pleasant and interesting one and the Guardians are to be con- gratulated upon their victory.

The championship of the Warrington and District League has been won by St. James', who trounced Cheshire Lines in no half-hearted style. Batting first the Engineers made a feeble stand against the deliveries of Holt, the side being dismissed for the small score of 28. St. James' hit off the runs for the loss of one wicket and their innings realized 91. Foster and Holt batted well for 23 and 13 respectively. C. Holt has secured the prize for the best batting average with 294 runs for 13 completed innings.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Cricket.

The summer sport has now made its exit and on the whole Warrington have reason to congratulate them- eelves on the doings of the season which closed with a brilliant victory over Ashton-under-Lyne. It was, of ourse,a great disappointment not to gain the champion- ship of the West Lancashire League. but individual members of the eleven have done splendidly in the competition matches, J. W. Bibby securing the gold medal for the best batting average and Cresswell, the professional, being the winner of a similar medal for the best bowling analysis. The long spell of bad weather interfered a great deal with the sport, and only 16 matches were played, of which eleven were won , -four lost, and one drawn. The games lost in the League ' were the two with St. Helens, whilst in the ordinary contests Wigan got the better of our local eleven after ' most exciting finishes. The wet season has been res- ponsible for low scoring. Warrington have compiled 1.756 for the loss of 138 wickets, which works out at an average of 12.44 per wicket. Against this Warrington have dismissed 158 opponents at a cost of 1,060 runs. Thus showing an average of 6.71 runs par wicket. The bulk of the bowling has been done by Cresswell and H. Callon, and both, as will be seen from the appended figures, have exceedingly creditable analyses.

The following are the batting averages and bowling analyses :

•

===== 0002601_19070921_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

Local trundlers were greatly interested in the final for the Warrington Works Competition which was decided on Saturday at the Bowling Green, Bank Quay. The contestants were Whitecross No. 1 and Sankey Wire Mills and the first named were favourites as they defeated Pearson and Knowles' team, last year's champions, in the fourth round. Anticipations were realised, Whitecross winning eight individual games and finishing with a majority of twenty-five points.

To deal with individual games, W. and J. Gleave were the first to appear on the green. W. Gleave had a run of successes to the fourth end when J. Gleave got in a couple of points. After this the games were pretty evenly contested until the eighth end when W. Gleave got ahead and maintained his position to the close, winning by 15-11.

Ted Gleave easily defeated T. Forster. At the seventh end Forster was leading by 5-4 but at the next attempt Gleave drew level and then had matters all his own way, winning by 15-5.

There was a close contest between 3 ohn Gleave and Rutter. The first named had hard lines in being defeated, for at the twelfth end he was leading 10-6. Gleave was a doughty opponent and drew level at 12-12 and ultimately triumphed by 15-13.

There was an interesting contest between Jones and Harrison—the first-named leading throughout and winning by 15-1 L E. Gleave gained a hollow victory at the expense of Jennings. He was always leading, and ran up a majority of eleven.

The game between Massey and W. Gleave was pretty close for a time, but at the sixth end Massey asserted himself, and his opponent had not a look in, being defeated by 15-7.

T. Harrison and Horton were well matched. At the ninth end they were level with 6-6. Horton then had a spell of luck, but Harrison was not to be denied, and gradually catching up to his opponent the players were on equal terms with fourteen each. Harrison secured the winning end.

The game between Fletcher and Warburton at one time promised to be very keen, each contestant having placed seven to his credit, but at the seventh end Warburton got is front and held the lead to the close, winning by 15-9.

Wilcox had hard lack in being beaten by Cooper, for he led up to the twelfth end. Cooper then gave a taste of his quality and ranniit winner by 15-10.

The most one-sided game of the match was between Wisedale and A. Gleave, the latter being victorious by 15-3.

Shelmerdine made a good fight against Siddall and led 9-6, but failed to obtain any more points and was beaten by 15-9.

There was a capital game between W. Forster and Ellison, the players repeatedly drawing level. When 10-10 was reached Ellison got the upper hand and was victorious by 15-10.

At the conclusion of the game the cup and medals were presented by a vice-president of the Association, Mr. J. Wiilett, who expressed his regret at there being nobody else to officiate. Their President, Captain Crosfield, was away on his holidays. Their Association had now completed its fifth year. The first winners were L. & N.-W., the second P. & K., the third Rylands Bros., the fourth P. & K., and he was glad to say the fifth Whitecross. He hoped that next year the Wire Mills would try an,' wrest the cup from them.

Mr. E. Scott (secretary) said the Association was perhaps one of the best of its kind in England, when they considered that in a comparatively small town like Warrington, there were 33 teams representing different works in the Association. The subscribers had also been very liberal, and they had been able to buy 53 prizes for the individual competition. (Hear, hear.)

Mr. R. Straw proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Willett for presiding, and for presenting the medals, and it was carried unanimously.

The winners and runners up afterwards adjourned to the Bowling Green Inn for tea, which was provided by Captain Crosfleld. An excellent repast was served, after which a smoking concert was held.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
ON THE SHIP CANAL.

A Visit of Inspection.

The annual in.spection of the Ship Canal on behalf of the Manchester Port Sanitary Authority took place on Saturday. The Port Sanitary Authority came into being when ships from other lands began to visit the youngest of British ports. It is a body charged with the protection of the health of all the crews of the vessels that enter the canal. It sees, also, that the food stuffs which come in so many ships are sound and fit for human use before they are despatched inland. The work of the authority is of necessity carried out by its officers, but once a year its members have the oppor- tunity themselves of seeing the waterway. On Saturday the company was smaller than usual. Mr. Alderman Walton Smith, of the Manchester Cor- poration, who is chairman of the Authority, was absent. Mr. Councillor Huddart, of the Salford Corporation (deputy chairman), was there, and with him were Mr. Alderman Meakin (Salford), Mr. Councillor Marsden (Manchester), Mr. Councillor Evans (Warrington), Dr. Dearden (medical officer), and Mr. Arthur Holmes (clerk). The Mayors of Warrington and Widnes (Mr. Alderman Smethnrst and Mr. Councillor S. Owens) and some other representative of the administrative authorities of the districts through which the canal runs, were amongst the guests. Dr. Sergeant, medical officer of health for the Lancashire County Council,was another guest, and the Ship Canal Company were repre- sented by Mr. F. A. Eyre, secretary, and Mr. Hubert Congreve, assistant engineer. BITTING. I At Runcorn the party landed,and at the old-fashioned Times Total Most in 1 house once the residence of the Duke of Bridgewater,and Inns. not o. rms. inns. Avge. now the property of the Ship Canal. Company, they J.W. Ili ,vby l4 . 1.......294 ... 52 '... 2672 became the guests of the Canal Company. Pleasant T. Wright E. A. Connor l5 ... 0 ...107 ... 59 ... 2P4 opinion "—conflicts would be too strong a word—that Cresswell B. Silcock W. Richardson l3 ... 0 ...141 ... 29 ... 10.84 Warrington Corporation. It was clear, however, that , J. Callon l5 ... 1 ...147 ... 24 ... 105 peace now reigns, and the hope was expressed that A.Dilekmorth l3 ... 2 ... 99 ... 44 ... 9.00 all parties may continue to strive unitedly for W. H. Podmore 9 ... 0 ... 68 ... 22 ... 755 the commercial benefit Of Manchester and the W.V. rurton l3 ... 1 ... 80 ...*23 ... 6.66 district around. It was a subject of general remark H. Callon .1. W. Bainbridge J. Thompson H. Dolan 4 ... 0 ... 11 ... 7 ing to see how near the canal is to attaining its full W. Bennett • 4 ... 1 ... 14 ... 16 depth of 23 feet. All the waterway with the exception J. Taylor 3 ... 2 ... 5 ... 3 of a portion—the Manchester end—has been deepened NV. Ashton 1 ... 1 ... 7 'to that extent. In this connection it may be mentioned H. C. Adams J. Wayne!! I. ... 1 ... 6 ! service. It breaks the rocky bottom of the canal into , .7. Baxter 1 ... 0 ... 4 1 small bits, which are easily scooped up, and the cost as A. Gleave .7. C. Bardsley J. Hawthorn

.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
for seeing that the chiidren were not neglected and college. He had always tried to do what he could for train of civilisation and the growth of cities, tended ill-treated by their parents. Yet Mr. Jolley said they Warrington girls. (Hear, hear.) Every college this to separate us, to make different classes, to keep us had sufficient means at their disposal, He (Mr. year had had a larger number of candidates than it was apart by misunderstandings, to awaken too often the Roberts) emphatically sail that was not the case. They possible to take in. A great difficulty had been experi- fierce passion of selfish competition instead of love. had not sufficient means, and by the time Mr. Jolley enced by the Principals, because for the first time the When we felt these pernicious inflaencas crushing out had been a magistrate as long as he (Mr. Roberts) had list had been arranged in alphabetical order and there the love from our hearts we should do well to see how he would see what a very small proportion of the cases had been very little to enable them to distinguish as to the sun was laughing to scorn our pride and shining of neglect of children that were brought to the Court the best candidates. They had tried to do their best down on cottage and palace alike ; how God's rain was were adequately punished to begin with, i but he supposed they had not pleased everybody. Why , rebuking our vanity. Mr. JOLLEY : By whom? I the three young ladies in question had not got in he Mr. ROBERTS: The Great Unpaid. (Continuing.) did not know, but it could be ascertained by applying to Emmanuel Church. And what a very small proportion of the total number the college for which they were candidates. It was The public services at this Church have always been ,of cases of ill-treatment ever got to Court at all. obvious Some people must be disappointed. They were remarkable for their heartiness and fervour, and the Why? Because the only society that had to deal with all sorry, and would like to see the pupil teachers paid visitor who might have been in attendance on Sunday , the question was a voluntary society supported by as well as possible. He did not regard the money paid ; last would go away feeling it had been good to be there. voluntary contributions, thoroughly insufficiently to them as a salary, or an equivalent to the work done. Since the structural alterations necessitated by the equipped for the purpog which it had in view. They It was to the interest of the committee to raise up a acquisition of the organ, the Church has hacLa more found from the report presented that a proportion of certain number of teachers in the future, and in order comfortable appearance. The newly-erected choir stalls, the children who went to school were the children of that they might do that the Government paid Part well filled with hearty singers, contribute much to the parents who could be made to feed them and who had of the cost and the Committee paid part. He regarded improvement. The building no longer has the unfinished the means to feed them, but who neglected their duty. the £l3 paid to the pupil teachers as part of the cost, a appearance which it had worn so long. The services The Rev. J. DAVIES : Mr. Roberts is quoting from maintenance grant to enable them to enter the pro- on Sunday were most impressive. They were con- e report, but I have not received it. fession. The free education which they received at the ducted by the Rev. Frank Vaughan, who also preached. It transpired that only members of the School Secondary School was a valuable asset. The theme of both the morning and evening sermons 4ttendance Committee had received the report, Mr. Coancillor NIELD said that when the teachers entered was "The Will of God." Enlarging upon Hebrew xe. Roberts being favoured with a copy as vice-chairman the profession it was in the belief that their training 2., the preacher pointed out that in forming ideals for of the Education Committee, should proceed smoothly and uninterruptedly and he our Christian life we could have no better guide than Mr. ROBERTS said the report showed that it was hardly thought it would be in ale minas of the parents the Apostolic Prayers of the New Testament, all of already discovered as a fact that there were a number of that if their children passed the examination there was which revealed an earnest craving to fine out the "Will children in Warrington who were sent to school with- a possibility ef their not gaining admission to college. of God." Much of our feebleness and langour arises out having been properly fed. The Committee would The Rev. Father WILSON said he maintained they from the fact that we have lost much of the hunger and directly to patents who would not feed their children teachers, but were accommodating them. The sub- be able by the operation of the Act to bring home more were not inflicting a penalty or an unjustiee on the passion for God's Will to be done. The highest ideal of human life is to be reached when we give this its their responsibilities and take the proper means for committee were not particularly anxious to retain their rightful place in our thought, when we are in the drift punishing them. On the other hand there would still services, as the schools were fully staffed. Their actiou of the " Will of God*" The perfecting of the wil remain a proportion of children who, through no fault was more philanthropic than Mr. Plinston imagined, referred to in the text was "Through the blood of the of the parents, were not adequately fed. The State had He (Father Wilson) was net personally averse to Everlasting Covenant." The blood-stained cross was taken on itself a great deal in regard to the management allowing the teachers the £7. The only sound argument the magnet of Our redemption. The love of God was of the affairs of families, and he said without hesitation used for the resolution was that the sub-committee's focussed upon the world through that Cross. When we that it could not take upon itself a better paying action was rather paltry and had the appearance of COMO under its influence and enjoy its warmth, it will function than to see that, at any rate for one generation meanness, but at the same time he did not think the find its way through one, communicating the Father's if for no longer, the whole of the children were sub-committee could have done anything else. They own Will to us. and giving a sweet sense of the right- adequately fed, mentally and physically trained, and had often been blamed for extravagance, and now they ness of things at the back of all the seeming tangle. fitted for the fight. He did not care for the question of were being blamed for being niggardly. (Laughter.) The evening text was, John vii. 17. The preacher £s. d., nor, for the moment, of parental responsibility. The CHAIRMAN said he was bound to point out they remarked that the Bible was a transcription of the He was discussing the matter on purely material were establishing a precedent if they granted this mind of God, opening its message by revealing how grounds. Give him one generation of English children money. The parents of the girls had made a request disarrangement was brought into an orderly world,how brought up as they ought to be,physically and mentally, that they should continue in the service of the Eoluca- evil and disorder came through men who had been and he would defy the world of the next generation on tion Committee. The members should bear in mind entrusted to carry on the work begun by God. Sin any point whatever, that a newly constituted authority would be inexistence entered ; the river was befouled; the link was broken. Ultimately the amendment was withdrawn, on the in a few weeks, and it might he that they would be The Divine Voice was no longer clearly discerned and understanding that a copy of the report presented to tying their hands next year. Supposing there were so right on through the ages up to the present day the the School Attendance Committee, should be supplied twenty teachers in a similar position in twelve months cry has been going up for emancipation,for deliverance. , ,to every member of the Education Committee. time? If they had to pay £7 for each they would have Is there then no one to help, no mighty voice to reply?' f PUPIL TEACHERS' HARDSHIP. to face the ratepayers. Is the Creater unmoved by the anguish and discord? Mr. PLINSTON,th reply, contended that the committee The text reaches each individual man's deepest needs. ' MR. PLINSTON'S MOTION CARRIED. was in a better position to bear the loss than the "If any man shall determine to do the will of God he NO DEDUCTION FROM SALARIES. teachers. , shall not be left to wander on alone." Jesus Christ Mr. E. PLINSTON brought forward the following The voting was as follows : recognized the power of men to decide His actions,thus resolution :—" That, in the cases of those pupil FOR THE MOTION, lifting him out of the realm of a mere machine, into teachers who, on the completion of their apprentice- Alderman Bennett that of a reasonable being. The promise in the text is ships, have passed the Preliminary Examination for Councillor Wilkinson to those who want, rather than to those who have. the Certificate but have failed to secure admission into 2, Ellison There are men who look over their past life and training colleges owing to the lack of accommodation e Ball remember the throbbing music of their early days, the in such colleges, and whose engagements are extended ~ Nield reverent attitude of their youthful soul, the mighty by the Committee as half-time teachers, no deduction „ Dickinson moral impulse within them but who now feel a sense shall be made from their salaries because of the loss of Miss Williams of unparalled loss, and count themselves miserable the Government grant, but that they shall be paid at Rev. John Yonge . failures. Barrenness of soul marks the once brightness the same rate as during the last year of their engage_ Rev. James Davies of spirit. The days are spent in the thought of what meats." He said it had been suggested, since he Mr. Roberts Might have been rather than what may be. To such as entered the room' that the motion did not meet the ~ Burgess these the text speaks its own message. Are you in the requirements of the case, as it could not be said to be e Fairclough dark? Obedience is the secret of light. The will retrospective. The resolution was submitted to the r Bradshaw must be regulated. Neglected duties become smoking Director who knew the point he (Mr. Plinston) wished e Walker lamps which enhance the darkness rather than dispel to emphasise, and in his opinion it was quite „ Plinston-15 the gloom. The loftiest mountains in their early satisfactory. The resolution was carried by 15 votes to three, state were just soft sand. So the inclinations The DIRECTOR said tho point had only just been - are the soft, sandy, soil of the soul, in which the aspire- brought to his notice that the resolution would not tions are formed, and life's character cast. We respond apply to the pupil teachers appointed under previous least where we feel least. Our feeble advance is due to minutes. It did not occur to him until the moment the fact that our Leader Jesus Christ does not fill our that it would not. It was, however, still within the thoughts : the light of His presence has got clouded, province of the School Management Committee, if Mr. The result is little or no feeling, no emotional overflow Plinston's resolution were carried, to amend their over the holiest things. The "will of God "is a theme decinion in respect of the teachers already appointed, of tremendous magnitude. We must seek for instruction Mr. PLINSTON said that by their previous resolution from the Father, the Gospel rings out its glad message, the committee were inflicting a penalty on three pupil "Pray to thy Father." Let thy inner yearning express teachers Nil:to, through no fault of their own, were unable itself. Neglect prayer and the darkness will be increas- to get into training colleges. The Education Com- ingly felt, shut your eyes and ears and little will be mittee had placed a premium on college trained made known. The full blaze can only come to those who teachers. With some authorities that was not the are willing to follow the star of revealed light. case, and a better rate of pay was meted out to ex-pupil teachers than in Warrington. He "My Purpose in Life." took it that the three teachers in question desired Judging by the increased attendance, the services for to have a better opportunity of entering college than men and women on Wednesday evening in the Golberne they had a few weeks ago. The School Management street Baptist Church, conducted by the Rev. John Committee had taken them into their employ again,and Francis Matthews, are creating great interest. The for the same work which they did before, they were subject of the address was "My purpose in life." The paying them about ss. a week for two and a half days' speaker said no topic was more trite than that, and duty. If the teachers were not fulfilling a useful pus- none more difficult. No life was absolutely pur- pose, the Committee would not have re-engaged them. poseless. Those gay butterfly existences, who The School qanagement Committee was not there for found their sole pleasure in sipping honey here philanthropic purposes to confer s benefit on teachers and nectar there, were up to that point charged who were not required, and whose services were of no with purpose. The reality of life was seen as soon as value. It was not the teachers' fault that they had not selfless purposefulness became its dominant feature. It been admitted to college. It was owing to the lack of mattered everything what the nature of their purpose accommodation. He admitted that the responsibility was. That wooden-headed god, so much worshipped rested on this and previous Governments for not look- just now—the man in the street—said that the true ing to that important question. The Rev. J. DAVIES seconded, and said the resolution purpose of living was to effect the greatest good of the great number. The greatest was number " One." From did not go sufficiently far to please him. He should that point of view everything of a public and private like it to be retrospective, three and include the thr character was surveyed. "Every man for himself "Was teachers referred to at the last meeting. The teachers a vicious principle, and yet it ran through municipal were doing the same work as they were last year, and and political life, and even invaded the Church. It was they ought to be paid the same. The Government startling to read the great political biographies grant ought not to enter into the question, of the eighteenth century, and to note how often the Alderman BOLTON contended that if the money had crossing of private purposes influenced for good or evil not been earred the Committee ought not to pay it. the national destiny. Now, said the preacher, the They had no right to mulct the ratepayers in the niguest service was the promotion of human welfare in every form. That could be best done. by Aliminating deficiency. The Committee was doing the teachers a favour by continuing to employ them. He did not see selfish instincts and crucifying soIfLIII tendencies. The why the Committee should be fined when it was the highest purpose in life was the removal of one's teachers' own fault. (" No.") It was their fault interest from self and in one's self to others. The because they had not got into college. They had been truest happiness lay there. No thought of erati- at the bottom of the list instead of at the top. (" No.") tide, not a care as to what men thought of 'them Anyhow, they had not got into college and they had or their doings, should be allowed to intrude anywhere. not earned the £7, so they were not entitled to it. The mutual interests of the individual and the multi- Mr. H. ROBERTS said the teachers had passed the tude were reciprocated and promoted when the many examination to entitle them to admission into certain cared for the one, and the one sought to realize himself colleges, hut as the colleges were full they could not in the whole. That was the New Testament order. get in. They were kept out through no fault of their The one life was given as a ransom for many that the own. The question whether they had earned the grant many might eontinue th seek and save the "one or not did not enter into the merits of the case except sheep that Was lost." Such work as this was from the abominably sordid idea one sometimes heard the work of God. The unfolding of all divine in educational matters. Was it fair that these teachers, purposes proceeded through man. Always and through no fault of theirs, should be penalized? It everywhere human means were used in carrying out certainly was a punishment. and pushing forward the rich legacy of God's redemp- Mr. UPsoN said Alderman Bolton was a member of tive love. Did they value life sufficiently to spend it the Corporation which almost monthly voted large on behalf of another—" not with eye service as men increases of salary without a protest Was it fair that pleasess "? Righteousness, truth and goodness would these pupil teachers should suffer because the Govern- only triumph among men as the unward destiny of the ment would not pay the grant? Not only did they race in Christ Jesus was made their one aim. lose the £7, but their professional training was The subject on Wednesday evening will be "Religion delayed twelve months which meant another £7O. One and the popular mind." got tired of hearing the expression that the ratepayers were being mulcted to the extent of £7. Education expenditure was the only expenditure that was jealously guarded and constantly challenged, and yet it was the expenditure towards which the imperial Government found three-fourths. If they took the record of these teachers' work at the centre, they would find that they were far above the average. They were shut out of college perhaps on religious grounds, perhaps because of the religious creed of their parents. He did not knovv,but at any rate it was not the fault of the girls. Mr. JOLLEY said that according to Mr. Roberts he was one of those unfortunate Persons who were sordid and absurd. (Laughter.) If Mr. Roberts had favoured the committee with a few arguments instead of so many expletives, his address would have been more effective. (Laughter.) He (Mr. Jolley) considered the action of the School Management Com- mittee was reasonable. The girls would continue to receive free instruction at the secondary school and he thought the committee had acted in a businesslike and straightforward manner. Councillor BALL said the services of the teachers had not lessened but rather increased in value, and it would be very paltry to penalise them to the extent of £7 each.

AGAINST. Alderman Bolton Rev. Father Wilson Mr. Jolley-3

Councillor NIELD said he would like to know how it was that the eirls did not gain admission to the school. Were they unfortunate in the ballot, did they figure at the bottom of the list, or were their religious views a barrier ?

Councillor WILKINSON said the girls had passed the qualifying examination, and it was not their fault, but the fault of the authorities, owing to the lack of accommodation, that they were not able to enter a college. It was niggardly on the part of the authority to wish to pay the girls £7 less in the third year than they were paid in the second year. The DIRECTOR said it ought to be definitely under- stood that there was no top and no bottom in the pre- liminary certificate examination. They were all marked " pasf4 "and if they reached a certain standard in certain subjects they were marked with distinction; the decision as to the admission to the training colleges rested entirely with the authorities of the colleges. The number of teachers who applied for admission was greater than there Nvas room for, and the governors made their selection on the result of the examination, after a personal interview, and on the reports of the headmasters of the pupil teachers' centres. It was therefore not quite the lottery that it had been repre- sented. _

_ nr. it T. FAIRCLOUGH said that before the Secondary School was established, teachers who did not secure admission to the colleges always received the same salary from the managers. At that time, however, they taught in the schools all the week and the mistresses gave them instruction. He could not understand why the teachers in question should continue attending the Secondary School and only teach half their time. Why conli not they teach full time as under the old system?

The DIRECTOR: They continue attending the classes at the request of the parents, to enable them to stand a better chance of passing the examination. Mr. PAIRCLOUGII : But they have passed. The DIRECTOR: Yes, but they are going to sit again and get some distinctions. Councillor PEMBERTON' said that if these girls chose to go elsewhere they could earn £45 a year as uncertificated teachers. Their parents, however wished them to attend the classes and again sit for examina- tion, and why should the committee pay for that? It ought to be stated hefore the examinations hcw many vacancies were to be filled. If the committee inaugur- ated the system of paying the teachers the full amount, they would be tying their hands with regard to the future.

Rev. CANON STEVENSON explained that neither of the three teachers in question was a candidate for his

===== 0002601_19070921_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Services for Sunday.

Boli-street Wesleyan Church : Atoruing, 10.30, Mr. J. Upson; evening 6.30, Rev. W. Mellor. Bewsev-road Wesleyan Church: Morning. 10.30,Rev. Sidney Pitt ; evening, 6.30, Rev. Thomas Miller.

Wycliffe Church, B„ewsey-street : Preacher, morning and evening, Rev. John Yonge. Baptist Church, Latchford: Morning and evening, Rev. J. F. Matthews. Morning subject, Methodist Union Consummation," evening subject, "A chain of graces." Baptist Church, Golborne-street : Morning, 10.30 and evening, 6.30, Rev. John Lewis Havard. Emmanuel Church, Bold-street: 10.30 and 6.30 Bishop Eldridge will preach. At 3in the after- noon the Bishop will administer the rite of con- firmation.

Wycliffe P.S.A. : An open meeting will be held on Sunday afternoon preaided over by gr. James Dodds. The speaker will be Mr. Walley, of 3lanchester, and musical items will be contributed by Miss Lily Fair- hurst and gr. NV. Rutter.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Wesleyan Sunday Schools. Local Returns.

The thirty-second annual report of the Wesleyan Methodist Sunday School Union, which is about to be issued, states that there are now 7,566 Wesleyan schools, with 133,108 officers and teaehers,and 1,000,819 scholars. Eighty-one new schools have been opened, and sixty- two have been closed daring the year. Four districts —Liverpool, Whitby and Darlington, Third London,and Isle of Nian—report increases of 1,958,whi1e the remain- ing thirty-one districts report decreases of 14,530, making the net decrease 12,572. This is the first year sirwn Mu tu tfle Lutat uwut,t,i or scholars has been reported. These unsatisfactory numerical returns are explained partly by the extra- ordinary growth of the Brotherhood movement, and partly by the fact that a new method of filling up the circuit schedules has been adopted for the first time this year. In the Liverpool district there are now 322 schools with 6,470 officers and teachers and 53,500 scholars, an increase of 1,328 on the year. The average attendance is 39,013, an advance of 965. The annual cost of the schools is £4,626, and they raise £4,757 for home and foreign missions. The following are the latest local returns : Circuit. Schools. Teachers. Scholars. Warrington Runcorn 8 Frodsham Widnes St. Helens and Prescot 15

===== 0002601_19070921_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Methodist Free Church, Buckley.street.

There were large congregations at the harvest thanks- giving services at this Church on Sunday when the preacher was Mr. John Upson. In the evening the church was packed,forms having to be brought from the school and placed in the aisles of the church:En the afternoon a service of song was rendered by the choir entitled The glad harvest ti me," the conductor being Mr. Nathan Cook, and the organist Miss M. Plinston. The singing was admirable, and reflected the greatest credit on the choir. The part reading was supplied by Mrs. Moors, and a great measure of the success of the festival was owing to her efficient help in this direction. The decorations were very tasteful, and all agreed that this harvest far surpassed all previous festivals of a similar kind in connection with this church. The collections amounted to £4 is. 81d., exceeding by 13s. 50. the previous year's amount.—A fruit banquet was held on Monday evening, when over 300 paid for admission, the schoolroom being almost full. A splendid entertain- ment was gone through under the chairmanship of Mr. Ernest A. Sanders, the following artistes contributing to the success of the evening :—The Misses M. A. Bate, A. Whalley, N. Lomax, J. Harrison, and Messrs. A. Palmer, NV. Allen and E. Edwards. The accompanist was Miss M. Plinston, and the humorous element was in the hands of Mr. S.Crampton, his contributions being received with continual laughter and merriment. At the close of the entertainment all received a bag of fruit, and a goodly portion was sent (with a bunch of flowers) to all the sick members of the church. St. Barliabas' Church.

The harvest thanksgiving services in connection with this church commenced on Thursday evening when a large congregation assembled. The church had been very artistically decorated with the usual harvest products, the altar, font and pulpit receiving special attention. The service was of a festal character and included the anthem "Bless the Lord" (Simper), the soloists being Messrs. T. Evans, jun., and J. Green. Mr. T. Evans was at the organ. A powerful sermon was preached by the Rev. J. E. Jelly, vicar of St. Luke's, Lancaster, who took for his text the wards: "For He maketh His sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust." (Matthew v., 45). He said the processes of nature were entirply impartial. There was nothing in them to ditcriminate between the good and the evil amongst men; neither were religious views taken into account. No peculiar blessing rested upon the growth of the Protestant potato or the Roman Catholic corn. All we needed to do was to sow the seed and nature would do the rest without asking what kind of men we were. This might be a familiar fact, but when we thought upon it, did it not puzzle and confound us? Did it not make our views of this world and the life upon it very irreligious and mechanical? Of course, if nature was nothing but a vast, self-acting machine, if there were no Will or Person behind nature, directing the workings of the machine, these familiar facts would be easy to understand. The harvest would he a proof of what had been called the grand indifference of nature. Apart from God, nature cared nothing for our puny dreams of good and evil. She was a system of forces acting according. to fixed laws. But as soon as we could see God, as we only could by faith,behind all, the moment we believed that the marvellous procession of seasons, of causes and effects, was being directed and controlled by a supreme Being who was almighty, all- wise, all-loving, whose will was being manifested in the bursting buds of spring and the ripening fruits of autumn, this indifference became incomprehensible. Yet it could not be that God did not care whether we were wicked or righteous, pure or foul. In this impartial treatment of all, God would teach us His fatherhood in its widest aspect. He would mani- fest that He loved all His children alike and made ample provision for them, whether they deserved it or not. When we could see God providing for all His children with equal hand we ought to be drawn more closely to one another in brotherly love, as being children of the same Father. Our artificial life whichj followed so inevitably in the

EIEMMEN

===== 0002601_19070921_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. H. B. IRVING at the Theatre Royal Manchester

The return visit to Manchester next week of Mr. Irving is of more than ordinary interest, as in addition to appearing in those favourites "The Bells." "Charles the First" snd "The 7,y0n5 Mail," he will also produce for the first time on any stage by himself that famous play "Louis XI" and a new farce in which he will also appear, entitled the "Lion and the Unicorn" by Laurence Irving and Tom. Hesslewood. This is a pro- gramme of exceptional strength. With the story of "The Bells" (Sir Henry Irving's version), most play- goers are familiar, with its pleasant home life, the haunted fear of the burgomaster, and the wonderful working of the mind as brought out in the dream, with its imaginary trial and sentence. In front of "The Bells" will be enacted "The Lion and the Unicorn" in which Mr. H. B. Irving will appear as "Charles the Second," and Mr. Irving is also playing "Charles the First." Manchester playgoers will have the unique chance of seeing him as both "Charles the First" and " Second" in the same week, On the Wednesday The Lyons Mail" will be performed with Mr. Irving in those famous dual roles of Joseph Lesurques (the innocent merchant) and " Dubose " (the debauched criminal and murderer) two characters so widely different as to seem almost impossible of pourtrayal by the same actor. On Thursday and Friday evenings and Saturday matinee Mr. H. B. Irving will appear as" Louis XI " for the first time. This revival is, under the circumstances,one of the most welcome changes in his programme, and is in keeping with a promise he made in Manchester during his visit in May last, when he promised to revive from time to time famous plays from the late Sir Henry Irving's repertoire. This will be mounted in the gorgeous manner of the times and on the same scale as on Sir Henry's last visit to Manchester.

WIFE'S SISTER BILL. This highly contentious measure promises to raise a storm of hurricane character throughout the country. in more denominations than one. One side claims .thet there is an evil to be cured, the other side retorts with a blank negative and says that the parties clearly know, or knew, their precise legal standing. A sluggish or cirrhnus liver, however, admits of no contention : the evil is too pronounced, end it is as well to be provided with a remedy which will stimulate the semi-dormant organ and restore its owner to the enjoyment of life and the capability of profitable work. A good home remedy like the following ought not to be overlooked : —Tincture of Buchn, one ounce; garox Compound,one ounce; Syrup of Lemon, two ounces. This plragraph should be cut out and preserved. Any chemist will supnly the ingredients. and they can be mixed at home if desired. Take a teaspoonful after every meal and at bedtime.

It bits been decided by the Master Bakers' Association whose operations embrace a large portion of Mid- Cheshire to increase the price of bread by one half- penny per four-pound loaf. A goods train on the Midland and Great Northern Railway was derailed at Dodsthorpe Crossing, near Peterborough,on Thursday morning,and fearteen trucks went off the rails and blocked the up and down lines.

===== 0002601_19070921_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK AND SHARK MARKETS.

Latest Quotations. BANK RATE 410/0. SETTLING DAY SEPTEMBER 27T11 1907.

OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIO kV NOON. Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day. BRITISH FUNDS. 1 Consols 9 lOO ...82 21,4 Annuities 100 ...90 _

2-i% Annuities 100 ...81 ad Nt. War Loan 22% Red 1910 lOO ...97 ad Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO ...94 ad Bank of England Stock . lOO ...277 India Stock 100 -.981 ad BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 .36 Lancashire and Yorkshire lO ...34.2 London and County 20 ...92 London and Westminster "0 .501 Manchester and County l7 ...57 Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 ...48 Parrs "0 .841 Union of London 151 ...34 Union of Manchester ll ...26 Williams Deacons 8 ...241 MINES. British South Africa (Char) 1 24/0 Charter Trust and Agency 1 —ll/0 Cons. Goldfield of S 1 .31 • 3 East Rand Proprietary 1 .34 ad Hemiersons Johannesburg Consolidated 1 .. 18/6 Kailirs Consolidated 1 ...19/0 Oceanas 1 .15/6 Rand Mines 5/- Randfonteins l. ...29/0 Rhodesia Exploration 1 ...23/0 Tanganyika Transvaal Estates HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian 100 ...91 Glasgow 441 S.-W Pref. Ord 100 ...60 Great Central Deferred 100 ...11-1 Great Central Preferred lOO ...22 Great Eastern lOO ...63 Gt. Northam Def. Convd. Ord. lOO ...34 Great Western lOO ...la Lancashire and Yorkshire 100 ...92 London, Brighton & South Coast lOO ...96 London Chatham and Dover lOO -.101 London and North-Western lOO ...135 London and South-Western lOO ...135 Methropolitan .. 100 ...39 Midland Def. Convd. Ord. lOO _56 Do. Pref. Convd. Ord. lOO ...62 North British lOO ...29 North Eastern Consols lOO _l3ll North Staffordshire lOO ...94 South Eastorn lOO ...64 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific lOO -.170 Grand Trunk of Canada lOO ...25 Do. Guaranteed 100 _lOOl. Do. Ist Pref. lOO .121 Do. 2nd Pref. lOO ...113 Do. 3rd Pref lOO ...70 SHIP CANAL. Man Ship Canal Ord. lO —2l/9 do. do. do. Perpl. 5 Pref 10 ...30/6 BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffe and Gretton Cum. _ Pref. lOO ...105 _

Bell and Co. Ord lO--.:i% Bents Brewery Ord, Boddington's Ord lO —.64 xd Chester's Ord lO ...101 Groves & Whitnal 5% Cam. Pref 10 ...7 Guinness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. lOO ...565 xd` ;Parker's Burslem Ord. lO —lOl Springwell Ord .6 Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO —2l Walker (P.) & Son 5% Cam Pref 10 ...9 TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE Anglo American Telegraph Ord lOO ...63 Nat. Telephone Pref. Ord. 6% lOO ...107 (1,4. Def. Ord. lOO ...1071; do. Ist Pref. 6% lO ...12 do. 2nd Pref. Minimum 6% Nat. relephone 31% Deb. Stock lOO ...96 TRAMWAYS. Blackpool & Fleetw'd Tmmroad lO —l2l xd British Electric Traction Ord. 10 —2l Southport Tramways 5 ...3k INDUSTRIALS, &c Beyer, Peacock & Co. $l% Cum Pref. 1 —l7/0 Bleachers Asso. 51 Cum. Pref. 1 ...20/0 Boy. Ord. (7% Cam.) 1 ...21/0 Bradford Dyers Ord 1 —24/0 Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Pref. 1 —2l/0 British insulated and Helsby Cables Ord 5 ...6? ad British Insulated and Helsby Cables 6% Cum. Prof 5 :..6 Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ord. ...sisc Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. 7% Pref. lO Buxton Lime Firms Calico Printers Ordinary 1 ...150 Castner Kellner Alkali 1 ...24f9 oe3 (7. a 1,4 r.) Orclinarf Crosfleld (J.) & Sons, 5% Cum! ...71 Id Pre. Prof. 10 —lo} Crosflelds, 4.-F, Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. lOO ...97 Crosfield, 41% 'A' Deben lOO ...94 xd English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 —.33/0 Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO ...9 do. do. do. do. B 8 ...6 Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd., Ordl ...27/9 act' Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., 6% Cum. Pref lO ...121 xd 4% Dabs. Red. 100 ...96 xd Hunters the Teamen Ord. 1 ...33/0 Levor Brothers, 5% Cam. Pref. 10 ...11 Lipton Ordinary 1 ...2310 Meldrnm Bros., 51°', Pref. 1 .13/6 Mond Nickel Co., Ltd., Ord 1 —.60'0 do. do 7% Cam. Pref. 5 ...6 i Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cum. Pref. 5 ...4R Nantyglo & Blaina 8% Pref. 621 ...77 Pearson & Knowles, Ord 5 .61 c d do. do. 6% Cum. Pref. 5 ...61 Public Benefit Boot 67, Cum. Pref.s mil Perrins Ltd. Ord. . 1 .2/0 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter Ord _33/6 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter 6% Cum. Pref. 4 ...6 Salt Union Ordinary .18/6 United Alkali Ordinary lO ...S1 /6 do. do. 7% Cam. Pref. lO —ll/ do. do. Deb. lOO ...110 Volcan Foundry 1 _3l/6 Wigan Coal & Iron Co., Ltd.... 7l ...81 do. do. do. do. do. lO ...12 Warrington Land & Property Co., Ltd. Ord. 1 do. do. do B Shares Warrington and District Billpost- ing & Advt. Co., Ltd. l7/6 ...17/8

-1716

The above list and prices have been compiled 11 NTessrs. T. and J. L. Tnnstall anti Co., Stock and Share Brokers. Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, and will 133 olind

-- Warrington.—Printod and published by jOrnq & Co., at The Examiner General Printing "°„lioe Bewsey-street, and published by them at We place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Wromics : 32, George-street, S. Hniers: 3, g6;014. treat, EAR.LIESTOWN; Church-street ErnicoPt4 21st. 1907.

/

===== 0002601_19070921_art0125.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ • ! -

• ft • J•

===== 0002601_19070921_art0126.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19070921_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD STRKET WELFYANCHUROH. TO-MORROW (SmcDAY) SEPTEMBER 221 D, 1907. Mmning 1030. MR. JOHN UPSON. Evening b. 30. Rev WILLIAM MIRLLOR. All welcome. HymiLliooks

MILITARY BAND INSTRUMENT MANUFACTURERS. R. J. WARD & SONS, xo, ST. ANNE ST., LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISHED 1803. REED BAND INSTRUMENTS AND FITTINGS. CONCERTINA BANDS. Brass Band of 19 £23 17s. Fife and Drum Band of 17 ,£7 17s. Bugle and Drum Band of 9 BSTIkIitTES FOR ANY NUMBER OF INSTRUMENTS. MUSIC STANDS Is. 9d., 2s. 6d., 31. 61. TO 158. REPAIRS BY IMPRRIENCED WORKMEN UNDER PEItONAL SUPERVISION. ACETYLENE BAND LAMPS.! , APPLY FOR PARTICULARS.

BE WS EY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH. vv ARRINGTON. ON SUNDAY NMI SEPTEMBuR 221sn, 1907. Morning 10 30: Rev. SIDNEY PITT. Evening 6 30: Rev. THOMAS MILLER (the newly appointed Minister.) All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

WYCLIFFE CHURCH, BE WSW( sTREET WARRINGTON. To-MoREoTs (SUNDAY), SEPTEMBER! 22mn, 197. PREACHER : REV. J. YONGF. 10.30 AND 6.30. USUAL OFFERTORIES, IV APTIST CH 11 RC H, LATCHFORD, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) SEPTEMBER 22ND, 1907. PREACHER: JOHN FRANCIS MATTHEIVS, Morning 10.30. " Methodist Union Consummated." Evening 6. "A chain of graces." OFF E RTORTE S. BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLIY /RN E STREET TO-MORROW ;SUNDAY) SEPTEMBER 22ND. PREACHER : Rev. JOHN LEWIS HAVARD (Wrexham.) MoulamD, 10.45. EVENING, 6.30. Hymn Books provided. Everybody welcome. WEDNESDAY EVENING AT 8 O'CLOCK. SERVICE FOR MEN AND WOMEN. Preacher ; JOHN FRANCIS MATTHEWS. Subject : " Religion and .he popular mind." WYCLIFFE P.S.A.SOCI ETY.—OP EN M KETI N There will be an OPEN MEETING of this Society TO-MORROW (Suirmf REPTI4,O BEN 22ND AT 3 P.M. IN WYCLIFFE CHURCH. PRESIDED OVER BY JAMES DODDS, BFQ. MR. J. WALLEY. ON MANCHESTER, WILL GIVE THE ADDRESS. MB. WM. RUTTER, Cornet Soloist. MOM L. FAIRHURST, Vocal Soloist. PRIZES WILL BE BRADY. USUAL COLLECTION. HEA.IITY WELCOME TO ALLE UEL CHURCH INSTITUT E . lADICATION ANNIVERSARY, 1937. THE RIGHT REV. BISHOP ELDRtDGE, D.D., WILL VISIT THIS CHURCH AND HOLD A CONFIRMATION ON SUNDAY NEXT, SEPTEMBER 22ND. SPECIAL SERVICES WILL BE HELD AT 10.30 A.M., 3 P.M., 6.30 P.M. DR. ELDRIDGE WILL PREACH AT THE MORNING AND EVENING SERVICES. COLLECTiONB NOR THE BUILDING PLIED. IN DEP F, ONNT LABOUR PARTY.— MEETING AT BRIDGE FOOT. ON SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22ND, AT 7 P.M., THE PoPULAR LECTURER, MR. H. RUSSELL-SMART. QUESTIONS INVITED. ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARR I MR. AND MRS, WILLIAM MACLAREN'S COMPANY IN THE ROMANTIC CoSTUME PLAY "PROOF," or, "A CELEBRATED CASE," By SIR FRANCIS BURNAND. Times and prices as usual. Seats booked at the Theatre horn 11 to 1 daily.

XioiCE PRoDUCrIuS, SINGING, sgpavi 1NAL".7.,, 4,, PIANOFORTE, THRORY. HARMONY, COMPOSITION. MRS. HUBI-NRWCOMBE HAS A FEW VACANCIES FoR PUPILS IN ANY OF THE aI3oFE SUI3J-ECTS. WHITEFIRLD RD., STOCKTON HEATH, THE i ORPORATION OF WARRINGTON IS PREPARED to REJEIVI3 LOANS, either at sht months notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the Boaoucin TREAsITREB, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

BIRKBECK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN. W.O. 21 PER CENT. INTEREST allowed on Deposit Accounts. 2 PER CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Amounts with Cheque Book. All General Banking Business Transacted. ALMANACK, WITS FULL PARTICULARS. POST FREE. C. F. RAVE/500110FL tisTEßTear

- HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz, 00VBRLRTTII I TAILS OP ) Fuom HAIR FRAMES, PURR nom 3/6 E.s.cni. HAIR. T 8 BROWN, 3, LBROB ST (OAR STATION). LIVBRPOOL.

PIERPOINT AND CO., PRIZE MEDAL BAKERY. 125, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. BEST HOUSEHOLD BREAD. SPECIAL VALUE IN FLOUR. SELF-RAISING FLOUR. HARD TO BEAT.

_ GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHBAPBST EWER OFFBIIBD TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERSOAND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND is. SD., EACH wHOLEBALEt. Br J. GEDDES & SON, LTD. WARRINGTON.

LEFT-OFF CLOTHING, &c., BOUGHT.—BEST PRICE for parcel forwarded; If not approved Goods Returned, CARR! AGEP AID. Second-hand DRESS SUITS, MILITARY, IHRATIIICAL. BAND UNIFORMS. LIVERIES, ARMY TENTS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRICE. LADIES' EVENING DRESSES. COSTUMES, BLOUSES. GENT'S VCR-LINED and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTEAUS, 803., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY TROUSERS,SHIRTS.BLUCHERS,WELLINGTONS. CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLICE CAPES, GORMAN'S. 326, 328, and 340, Deaneirste, Manchester. Established 50 Years. Telephone No 4138.

THE PALACE AND HIPPODROME, WARRINGTON. ISIANAGANG DIRECTOR MU. FRANK MACNAGHTEN. TWICE NIGHTLY, 7 AND 9. FIRST HOUSE :—Barly Doors. open 6.40; Ordinary Doors, open 6.55. Commence at 7. SECOND HOUSE Doors open 8.40; Ordinary Doors, open 8.55. Commence at 9. MONDAY, SEPT. 23RD., 190 7. JOHN TILLER'S COMPANY OF 40 PERFORMERS. Ix A SIaICAL FARCICAL BIIRLICETA, UNTITLED : HIGH JINKS OR "FUN ON THE SANDS." By J. Warily Wood and John Tiller. Music by J. M. Glover. SISTERS RENO, EXPERT DANCERS. RAYMOND'S 810-TABLEAUX, WITH NEVI AND INTERESTING PICTURES. TENNYSON AND WALLIS, THIE POPULAR COMEDIANS. KURKAMP, THE FAMOUS SINGING CONDUCTOR AND HIS HARPIST, CHAPMAN. PRICES OF ADMISSION GALLERY 3D. Early Doors 4d. PIT, covering the whole of the Ground Floor, 6d. Early Doors 9d. CIRCLE Is. Early Doors is. 3d.

6 1/IAGNSIJ" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. BHBFFIBL MAKE, WARRANTED. POST FREE 2. 6d., 256., 4s. 6D., AND 51, SD J. O. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE,SLIVERPOOL. Made And Ground By English Labour.

, THOMAS EDISON'S JULY RECORDS IN STOCK. Don't miss VESTA TILLBY'S '• ALGY," also Sterling, Edison Bell July Records every Title in Stock. A treat. the Waltz from the •' MURRY WIDOW," the rage of England. Full Stock of GRAMOPHONE AND ZONOPHONE RECORDS AT JAKE GRAHAM'S, 76, RENSHAW ST. (Bold St. end) AND 271, PARK ROAD, • LIVERPOOL. Tel. 56X Royal. INGERFOL WATC FIES. WWl' FREE. OtTARANTREDPOR 5 YPAR.I.

NURSES ! MJESES !! NURSES!!! MALE OR FEMALE, ANY CAS% ANY DISTANCE, NIDET OR DAY. LIVERPOOL MALE AND FRISIALE NURSES' INSTITUTION, (BSTABLISHED 30 't EARS). HOPE HOLSK, HOP A ST., LITERPOOD. Telephone : 2570 Royal. Telegrams : "Nurses," Liverpool,

TO BUJ LDBIt3. NEW CHURCH OF ST. MARY'S, WIDNIIS. CONTRACTORS desirous of submitting Ttr,N DERS for the above (for the whole or separate trades) may see Plans and SpecificAtion at the present temporary Church from TUESDAY, SEPT. 17TH. Bills of Quantities may be obtained on applicatiOn to Messrs Wright and Son, Surveyors, Lancaster. Tenders to be delivered (under cover) to the Architects not later than NOON, WEDNERDLY, OCT. 2ND. The lowest or any tender not nemssarily accepted. AUSTIN AND PALhY, Architects. Lancaster, September 12th. 1907.

WHIT& CITY, MANCIIvESTER. A PARR OF FUR. • A CITY OP DELIGHT. OPEN DAILY FROM 12.0 TO 11.0 P.M. THE FINEST BANDS IN THE WORLD (FREE). MOST GRANDIOSE ILLUMINATION 9 ON EARTH (FREE) GRFAT AMERICAN CIRCUS (FREE). WATER PANTOMIME ON THE LAKE (FREE.) BALL ROOM. SKATING RINK. NUMENOUS AT 113 ACTIONS. ADMISSION SIXPANCIL—(Telephone 4446 Central).

atiIABLISHED 1833. M VS. TI HOS. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, "EXAMINER" OFFICE. 33 MARKET STREET, BARLBSTOWN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS.

W ARRINGTON EDUCATION COMMITTER. UNIVERSITY EXTRNSION LEOTURRS. A. COURSE OF SIX LROTU ON "PLANT LIFE* WITH LANTERN ILLUEVIRATINS, WILL BE DELIVERED BY F Winog, D. SC., (Professor of Botany in the University of Mancheater) IN THE 0(1-0PURATIVR HALT., CA:MO-S.IEI4ST, On the FOLLOWING WIsDNESDAY RVIININGS, viz. : OCTOBER 2nd, 16th and 30th ; NOVEMBER 13th and 27th, and EIt,CEMBER 11th, 1907. Tickets for the Course :—Front Chaim 2s. 6d. ; Other Beats, le. 6d. Admission to single Lecture --Front Chairs, le. ; Other Beats, 6d. Particulars and Syllabuses may be obtAned from Education Office J. MOORE MURRAY, MSC. Sankey-streeit. Semetapv and Director. WARRINGToN BLUE COAT CHARITY SCHOOL. NOTICE IS 111.4111t8Y GIV RN. that the TRUS PERS of the above SCHOOL will at their neat Quarterly Meeting, on the 21,t day of October next, proceed to elect Six . (2 Boys and 4 Girls to Vacancies now existing in the Institution. No Oftildidate will be eligible unless an application on his or her behalf(torms of which m4y be, obtained from the Clerk, at his Office, 3, Winwlok street), Shall have been male to the Clerk to the Trustees, at least fourteen days previoos to the day of Meeting. In electing Children, the Trustee, make Orphan their first choice. Thwe deprived of one parent cattle next in consideration, and after them the children of wrens& wha have the greatest number and the slenderest means. Dated this 20th day of September 1907. liiiNEY GRRNNALL, Cli.7k to the Trusteer.

A PARCEL FOR MOTORISTS. OUR 30s. OFFER. As an ADVERTISEMENT of ow gools, we will send for a short time only to every Motorist sencliag us 305., a bo containing the following high-class Accessories :- 1 40 A .H. ACCUMULATOR 3 Special SPARKING PLUGS I Pr. bIDII WINDOW 1 PETROL SQUIRT GOGGLES 1 Fet of 3 TYRE LOVERS 1 14-Inch OILPAN 1 PETROL FUNNEL THE OXFORD STREET MOTOR COMPANY. 151. OXFORD sTREET. LONDON.

DISINFECT WITH SNOW DOL FLUID AND PoWDERS MANY TIMES MORE IiFFECTIVE THAN CARBOLIC ACID. To be obtained from all Chemists or the Manufacturers— SNOWDON SON* T,Tn., M I,T.W ALL, E

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUsANDS OF ',mints HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE F PIUS, HAVE R&D A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A .BOON 0 -WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anemia Giddiness, Fulness ind Swelling after Meals, Lois of Appetite,Hysteria,Palpitation of the Heart. Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9id. Is, lid.. 2s 9d.45. 6d. and Us. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPAIION CURE. A positive Specific for Piles and Constipation, and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- plaint. Bottles 2/9. 4/6. 11/-, by post 3d. extra, 309 PORTOBELLO-NOID. NOTTING HILL, LONDON. W. (Only a dare's ).

IiaINGIAAN t•A IDi NOrii TV OIthhINOCK AND GLASGOW. " PRINOBSS LOUI6B " OR OTH BR RTRAMER. Prom LIVRRPOOL From GLASGOW (Clarence Dock.) (BPrths No: 22-28, North Side) Rat. kept. ',lst 9 p.m. Tues. Sept. 24th 2 p.m. *6.30 p.m. Tin:l...Sept, 26th I p.m. Rat. Sept. 28th 2 p.m. *8.30 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central.) sPecial reduced through debate from Warrington. Wbines Ac. Single, Ist Mass and Cabin 11n. 641. ; 3rd Class and Ste , er. g 6s. Return (valid for two months) let Class and Cabin 18s. ; 3rd Class and Cabin. 17. NOTE.—The above fare. inchide the railway journey between Greenock and Glasgow (Central). bPnial 14 days Ibrourelon Tickets : Cabin 145.. Steerage 81. 3d M. LANGLANDP AND SONS, 14, CROSS STIIIIIIT, MANOMHSTER. 10. RUMFORD PLACB, LIVBRPOOL.

(-14- i - -44 • ' )- ,',,: „ - :`,,,::,,,,„::... • 9 • ~,,,,:::':--:t',.4,,..,&...‘:•y) ~ . ,Q ... , ,i•it0,"4.:...;,..Cd, •,..-.....110: ~. , . ; '`;!-)-' .\\ , .:.= , 4 1 A .IA ...\ :..C.` ' • ' ~,,,,* • ,k , to 7 .'-•-• • '-- Pt - . _::•1;.:z- -,1:. t',•'.,. -1, '''-','"'.;:lo' '''.lT '.,.1j,:".,d, ; . 2-- ::--, .11, , gt;... ..... ~ s ' ".. •\ :44,,,,,,..,;. . .'.. I - '' ' •21- . ~.,,„ . ~,,S„_, 0 ..• : ‘ •... ok a. _ '''' „,, .7', 1491/4 •, .... 1,, / A.,,, „.....,, k. .mor

• A-- . ~.,. -,-, •••• 4ell''.l dr A. .Ait, , 13' .. • . . . cil . V , l. ‘tl Mri ..r.. • .... !It. ". ''' : '1 4: . 7:. :. 7 *". ~1: ' ' -.- -:).''. 417 -.:.' . ...„ . . . . . . ~ ._- 7_-. "V ' .•'. .. • . • . it ... .:. . ,a, :7_ : , -, \'','Zr.'.4.j..‘.....*:,:,,,,'•_.?:-.. _ _,-...„ ~...", , , . s i , 4:-.0-

ACCIDENTS OF ALL &INDS, SICKNESS, 14M PLOYS/IS' LIABILITY. BITSG LARY AND FIDELITY GUARANTHS RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS A ESSURANC ClO. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £1,003,000 CLAIMS PAID £5,000,000 64. CORNHILL,LONDON. A. FLAN. Secretary MANCHIISTBS OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS : Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLES, Bridge St. „ Mr.W.H. RlGBEY.Nesecliffe, Victoria-rd„Latchford St Helens Mr.J. R. LRACH, Hardshaw-street Haydook.. Sandhaoh Mr. F. J. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge

A CHOICE CIGARETTE. SUDLOW'S SPROIAL SILK OCT OIGARWITH S. Guaranteed Hand-made from Pure Virginian Tobacco Ed. per oz , 2e. 6d. per fib. box. rn 1 • SUDLOW & CO., CIGAR BISRCHANTS, 15, WIN WICK ST.. AND 65, BUT 2KRINIARKEiT ST., WAKRILGTON. Tel. 414 Y.

ROBERT L9WE. ESTATE AGENT, AUOTIONIIER, & VALUMI Office and Salerooms s Nosl, BANK-EITHEBT WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GooDS DEPOSITED FOB SALE. New and deoond-band Farnitore and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Purnltnte. alo.. warehoused.

OctIGINAb B&NSoIUf PILLS IL FOR FfiIIIALBS. In a few days correct all irregularities and remove all obstructions ; also cure Anwmia, and cause no Injury ; to the married or single are invaluable. By post, under cover, for Is. Id. or 2s. 93.. from G. D. HORTON (late Chief Dispenser from Birmingham Lying•in Hospital), Dept. 65 Aston road, North, Birmingham. Sold over 40 vears,SUPPLItiD DIR/COT ONLY. 5 BLDOIId EVlitt FAIL. All Ladles should .end for a fee sample of Improved anitary Towel, and interesting booklet pose free.

USES! 0 ! ! RUSES!!! AB.OLUTELY BEAT. EVERY TREE GUARANTEED. DwARFe, BD. HALE' STANDARD, Is. SD. AGENTS WANTED, NAMPLE PARCELS, TO ADVERTISE GOODS ONLY. A• 15 fine Dwarfa, all slotaes P/-learriage E. 40 22/6 f paid. H. TATE & CO., 79i, Gracechurob it.. London, B.C.

DR. f. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, The old and tried remedy that stood the teat of two generations. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, Invaluable for COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA REFUSE to be put off with ft SUBSTITUTE. "he original can be h4d of ALL CHEMIBII if you show you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE 18 THE NAME; le. 11d , 2e. 9d., 4e. 6d. the prices. DR" J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

THE WARRINGTON FOOTBALL ANNUAL AND SPORTS RECORD, Fin:: OF LOCAL ATHLRTIC INFORMATION, RHCORDS, AND PORTRAITS NOW ON SALE. AT THE " EXAMINER " OFFICE AND ALL NEWSAGENTS.

THE SPECIAL SHOW of Autumn Fashions and Novelties will be continued On TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY & THURSDAY NEXT, SEPTEMBER 24th, 25th !it 26th. WI HODOKINSON Nit, Bridge St.

For OVERCOATS ready to wear, And OVERCOATS to measure, NEW GOODS FOR COMING SEASON. GRAIK, 36, BUTTERM4I2ISTiGTUREET,

AXMINSTER AND WILTON CARPt43 SO U ARES FROM 595. on. BRUSSELS SQUARES FROM 425. TAPESTRY AND WOOL ART SQUARES IROM 765. 6D. A LARGE STOCK OF LINOLEUMS AND OILCLOTHS TO SELECT FROM. EXPERIENCED MAN FOR FIXING FLOOR COVERINGS AND WINDOW BLINDS. ESTIMATES FREE. E. COATES, 72, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

ALTRINCHAM AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY'S SHOW, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25TH. MESSRS. GARTON'S, LTD., SEED GROWERS AND EXPERTS, WARRINGTON. WILL HAVE AN EXTENSIVE DISPLAY OF THEIR NEW AND IMPROVED BREEDS OF FA RAI SEEDS ON THEIR STAND AT THE ABOVE, AN INSPECTION OF WHICH IS RESPECTFULLY INVITED.

16, 18& 20 SANKEY ST. WARRINOTON. Mantles, Our uI New Season's Dress- Modes making, are now to hand from the great Fashion-Creating Centres of Paris, Vienna, Berlin and London; and Costumes, together: with a choice selection of our own Exclusive Designs, will Ladies' be on exhibition at our Showrooms on TUESDAY & WEDNESDAY next, Outfitting, the 24th & 25th SEPTEMBER, and following days. Laces, An early visit of inspection will be highly appreciated Trimmings. J. &W. Dutton.

• A , • A.GrAIN WINS' THE CHALLENGE CUP In Competition open to Bakers and Confectioners of the IJ-iited Kingdom, at the INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION, LONDON. Previously Won in 1900, 1902, igo6, and AGAIN THIS YEAR. No other firm in the Kingdom can claim such success as this. 981 BRIDGE STREET' WARRINGTON.

FOR REALLY GOOD TAILORING, WHETHER LADIES OR GENTLEMEN'S, GO TO H. S. PAGE & CO., 74, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. WE STUDY YOUR WANTS AND LAY OURSELVES OUT TO SUPPLY THEM

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-6TREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SHLLBR. A Large Assortment of Brained Pictures, suitable for Weddlnc pregenr4, 13011001 Prises. Ike. Terms Moderate. REPRODUCTIONS BY IHOLLYER OF and Strthdiy PICTURE BY WATTS. HOSWITI. and BURNH-73NES.tAUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN IItH NATIONAII. TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLEOTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

its) GRANVILLH WOW, Lewlsbarn, near Statioa. VG, and Heath, sold chesp.—H., 23. Casella rd., new CroAs.

UliligHOLD LAND FOR SALB, 10 plots, Clacton, 5 .11: minutes from Thorpe-le-Soken Station —P4rticulars ABBOTT, 128. Lensdown rd.. Dalston, Londcn, N.B

PRICII £4OO.—uOTTAGE, 5 rooms, in half acre ; constant water a.ipply : sear railway ; 34 miles London.— Duiratats, Farm and Rstate Agent, 84. Leattlwalte rd., Clapham Common, London. 9.W.

(lOMPucrioN OF OONTdA.CI'. —Must clear ; k_) useful riORSES ; suit van or light tarry; sto 7 years.— HOWARD, Hincleforti, Atherton.

SBLL c: would lend two months for keep, CART HORSH, 16 hands, 6 years ; Hitches' Horse. 16 hands, 6 years ; also smart Cob, 15 hands, 5 years. Above would suit con- tractors, farmers, waggonette, van or tradesman, all warranted sound quiet good workers in all harness, if sold 21 days' free trial atlowe4. Prices £l5 ta 23).-41/3(80 cc, 93, Boswell it , off Lodge lane, Liverpool.

BAY HORSB, 15.3, 6 years old, suitable for ,andau, mineral water vane, lauuory van, 3Arriers and others, £lB ; also Dark Brown Hackney MAIN, 15-1, 6 years old, with grand actions, suitable for lady or gentleman to drive, tradesmen ani others, £2l; also lio.n 008, 11-7, 5 years old, snit bakers, dairymen, butchers and others, £2O; all warranted quiet, sound, and good workers, and pa,s all road nuisances ; owner retiring csuse of sale. —&pply 44, Cidsattor RD., Boughton, Chester. Trams pass road.

1)0U1t1.%/HAIQUTE1.—Kingsway Temperance Hotel, I.d i 1 Lansdowne rd., 3t minutes sec Boarders from 255. ; central, comfortable, musical; motor trips.—Mrs. BwElf. Pr cprietress.

DUXTON.—The• Crag, Clifton rd., Silverlauds ; BOMID lIRSIDENUIf, S.W. aspect; few minutes from bath., gardens, ece., terms moderate; ministerial references.—The Misses CONDFR, Miss Concier, Certified Masseuse.

1.1.11:010GATX.-11,planade Private Hotel. 32. Montpellier- parade, near wells and baths ; good cuisine; moderate terms.—Mrs. FIELDING.

11 tiftitOGATH.— St. Heifers riperior BOARDING BSTABLISHMINT. New Wing added. Best poidtion in liarrogate. Five minutes from Pump Room.

j LANDU ONO. ORMESCLIFFE BOARDING lISTA.B- -JU LI:4H 61RNT, Promenade,Recreation, Room for Dancing Etc., Billiards. Moderate.

FULL. AI Fp AvoiliT irmial sts ;on): fuOsTHR to , Bb e 0 Vet?, pI IN° , boyr good PAYING VISITORS, send P.C. for N T liegietriaton Form to SRO., NATIONAL . • '• TRAVEL OORPORA.TION, Ltd., I2,Regent it., :,ondon.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO SO LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUAHH. Rows COKNOBTS, CLEANLINESS AND Qum: CNNTRAL NOB DIISINESS OD PLEASURE.

SOUTH FORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KRIPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEoPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STRESP. ESTIMATES GIVES, CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C.. TESTIMoNT4L9 1r 301, 11.31'031, EVERY TOWN nr LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

A BERYSTWYTH.—Uomfortable APARTMENTS, close to TX sea and castle ; moderate ternts.—Wltztale, Egerton House, Custom House et.

AN IDHAL HOLIDAY CA?APING OUT. Novel. Delightful. 'Sociable, rlomtortable, Inexpensive. " Camp Steroid." (Illus.), free.—Full particulars, J. W., Cmsignsaxost, Young Hen's Camp, Dough!, 1.0. M.

BARMOITTH, Mobley's, Tal-y-tIarreg.—APARTMBNTS or Board; uninterruptrd mountain and sea view ; hot and cold baths ; terms moderate.

BLACKPOOL.— Horne from home.—Mrs. BOOTHROTD. 6 George st.near sea and amusements; piano ; recom - Menden.

DLACKPf 'ol..—Mre. MAESTON'S for APARTAIhNTS, IC7 Hornhy rd ; laed. cookinz, attendance, le. each perean; board from 4e. Stamp for reply.

DLAORPOOL Y.M.C.a DONN AND CAMP, Blepbarn Lodge.—Bed end Board from 3e. per day. Prospectus; poet free.—. Mr. Licartrxi. JoNEM, Secretary.

13LACKPOOL.—Public and Private APARTIVIEINTi ; charming tiea view ; mederate terms, with or without board; every home comfort; plano.—Mrs. ClooPETt. Ashton; Home, E 4. Weilington Terrace, Promenade.

OHURCH ST/113TTON. Salop.—Manor Chelmich ; commanding magnificent views ; sit tino-room and three bedrooms. furnished ; a little rough shooting could also be had.—Apply Mrs. HUMPRAX79.

CIO. LW YIV BAY.—APARTM MNT4, nice rooms, very corn J torten's., ffooll situation, well recommended. Write Mrs. HOYLICA, Victoria House, Conway td."

CIOUViTiIy APARTXENTS near Dove&le. with or with- out board • high, bracing air.—Mrs. ',AMOR, Green Farm, Alaton.field, Aehbourne.

nIiGANWY (near I landudno).—Oomfortable APART. ItTENT:. ; terms moderate. - Mrs. WILLIAMS Cornelyn- ine.

DOUGLA.I.--Fairhaver ,6, timpire terrace; APARTMIiNTS with or without bolird ; ten, bed and breakfast, 33. ed.full ; bnaed, ss, ; be Is from Es. ; private sitting-room ; oentral, Mr. and Mrs. J. V MAYER.

JA fJ BLI N. —Visitors' comfortable APA.RTMIiNTS, day or week, with or withont board ; moderate central.-4, BFLVIDERE PLACE, Mountjnv 'ignore.

COTTAGB. —Bath; open a,pecr ; very .11: reasonable; six months or longer,-5. WYR-HD, Buxton.

lONDriN.—Visitors will find comforts!) e A PARTMIiNTS , i 21, ARGYLE SQUARE, King's Cross. Bel and breakfast 3s. 61.. two 58. 64.

INIOIRCA.VIB9.—Nui•erIor HOME for delicate Girl or Bay, 1. or children of parents going abroad.—SHAND, 19, Beach st,. Bare.

NIORRCAMBR.— &I APARTHNTS for elderly Lady or Gentleman Invalid not objected to. Bracing air.— Mrs. SHAIgn, 19, Beach at., Bare.

it I 6111tCAll 8 hi-7 Clark at. SEMLIKER and AIL Bnowa ; DICE :quiet ikPARTSIdIiTS ; 1 minute from pier ; public or private ; pbtno.

PORT DINORWIC, Mrnai Strata.--One sitting, two donble-bedded rooms. 15r, weekly and attendance.— WiLLIAMS, 11. Carnarvon rd.

PEINNTABNAIAWR, North crales.—God APARTMiINrS for September; best position, fachic sea ; highly recorn mendei —Mrs. RAERRTS. fleatherbrow. Marine terrace.

D H YL. —Comfortable APARTSIHNTS, 7 doo• a from It promenade. lad cooking and attendtnee. Terms morterate.—Mrs. MICER, The Hollles, Butterton

D 00MS in Large H (PIS 44, suit family or party ; Ap.od El corking And attendAnce ; home comforts ; near Fells. SEW•RT, Trinity HousP, Holme, Otrnforth.

QCAllBOttOUGH.—Coultortable Superior &P ',IR .11S. VO one minute ins. lisplsnade ; sunny aspect it)01 cook- •nß.—Mrs. WILKEI, 1, Crown Crescent, South Cliff.

QOUTHPORT.—Htting rind DOURLB-INDDHD ROOM ; I. terms 1 gninea SNAP?, 43, Pine Prove, St. Luke'e.

QOUT H PORT. —ComtortaNe AP&RTISIHN I's, public or t... 7 Private ; good Pea view ; terms reasorotble. —Km FLETCHER. 10, VlCtOrift st., Promentde.

T. ANN"' b.—Comfortable APA.HTMNN er,, noir station; L. pleasant situation ; good cooking. Moderate.—Mrs. NVHITTAK qR, Glenrovd. 75, St. Alban's rd

S 1 • ANkitte-ON-SBA.--H—omenlka AP9/11MBtlITS ; every acoomroodati.)n ; close to station and sea ; bath, piano. —Mrs. WAL€II, Huretwood, 5, All Stints' rd ---- TIREFBIW. WALW:I.—TO LBT, sitting-ro9m and 1. bedroom ; sionery ; moderate terms for winter rnontht.—LLovn, Vln.o Cotter, T,efriw K. Wales.

ri`ATTRNHALL (Ne4r).—Country APARTMIINES ; bed- -1 room Arid sitting-room 15s. per wee't ; finest view in Cheshire ; Tattenhtll itation 3 miles ; good nooking range.— Miss PARRONS, West VIPW, urwordslev Hill.

Direct from the Tea Garden to the Teapot. LIPTON'S T 212 z LARGEST SALE IN THE WORLD.

. . ~.. ~ ~, .. , , 'iii i1:1.,,- •.,:, • -,•Vo es-,,.., ~''''„ :_...ie,'`.7...!',." •••••••,..' FO i A

For Infancy, Illness, and Advancing Age. A vigorous, healthy infancy is the forerunner of adult well-being. Infants thrive on Benger's Food; delicate and aged persons also enjoy it. From infancy to ex- treme old age, in severe illnesses or during convalescence and recovery, Benger's Food assists Nature and sustains the system. ,Denger's Food is sold by Chemists, - etc., everywhere.

THE ~..E . .SETTLERS, IDEAL HOME ALA • ArrangeMents have been made with the Shaw, Savill & Albion Co.. The New Zealand Shipping Co., and the Federal Steam Navigation Co., for EL )10 TO TJ r., -...k ~,,..• ,- u FATORIES for 2na and 3rd Class Passages. At the present time reduced rate passages are limited to Farmers, W . .-• 4, -.- i--- Agricultural Labourers, Shepherds, Wooa Cutters and Cl. , ..._ - ~, ...-V,•.:.e, - " - • men able to milk cows and manage live stock, who, if ' _ - -• • • ._ , approved, must take £25 with them. Domestic (Women) ' 1 , , ... A,. . Servants will be granted passages at the reduced rates , .....- •• ,_--- .;.,„siii.,, . yr,,,.:t.„„,......,... subj9ct .to their staakninag fwuritttetrhe4infonotalteiss than l£2. For 's ." ,fipr..44,.., __A.,. -......, DiFjPgilliCalCalo r Commissioner for New Zealand, 13,oVicatPolU. ()trete'ite, ' ./ '. N.,A, "' '' /i4 "t: , Londo th n, or e Agents in the United Kingdom of the ~! ~, ,- ~.4... , "....iktila ....above Shipping Companies. ',';i2.•#".---`" ','--- -''.. . _ .. ~,,5,...• _ .. , ~ ~ , • . ... , . ______---_----

X_.ler, STOVE POLISH ___ LIMERICK Great Lancashire CONTEST. 1 0 BIG PRIZES I 0 to Lucky Winners. The conditions are simple. Complete the last line of the Limerick printed below and send it in with name and address written plainly, accompanied by a P.O. for 6d. and a labsl cut or soaked off a td. or id. box of X-RAY Stove Polish (obtainable of all dealers in Lancashire). A 6d. P.O. and an X-Ray label must accompany each attempt. The whole Prize Money received (less to per cent. for expenses) will be divided between the to lucky winners, and each WILL 7•ILSO Reeeive a free i-gross case of id. size X-Ray Stove Polish. This competition is being la. gely advertised, and may bring you in a great windfall in cash. Every reply will be carefully read. • A. lady of Lancs. said you may Brush your grates with most black leads each day There's really no question X-RAY it the best one. • INVITE YOUR FRIENDS TO JOIN this competition, and make it a record. Competion now open—closes October 12th. The judge will lqg Mr. E. W. Willis, editor of the " World's Carriers," hose decision must be accepted as final. Awards:will be advertised in " Umpire " early in October. Mark envelope: " X-Ray " in top left corner, and post your attempts as early as possible to Lamont, Corliss and Co., ir, Queen Victoria street, London, E.C.

THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER is warranted to Cleanse the Bkrod from all impurities from whatever cause arising. In cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, ABSCESSES, BLOOD POISON, BOILS, PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its aloes are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials of wonderful cures from all parts of the world. 1••=, Remember that this wonderful Medicine WILL PERMANENTLY CURE ALL KIN&131.001:1 DISEASE Of all Chemists and Stores, 29 per Bottle. BEWARE OF IMITATIONS,

Aligreltancoms, On ealts, ett.

GliNTo' " Pedestrian " Socks Is. 6d. post tree.—ADAIR, 41, Elordon Plce, Kensington, London. You get lovely jewels. send your address. A. DOCKRILL, 417, Bury New rd., Manchester.

PE4 tillY't:4 Perfect Violin trlngs ; magniticent tone. Sample string 4d. FERRY, Bislaop's btorLford, Herts. BEST Specialities from 3s. a doz. Guaranteed.—L, l 0 Kerfield Crescent, Grove lane, Camberwell.

Bit/0d N sinc--vistes speciality ; Stencil., Dies, I,3IPIRE .IiNGRAVING Co., 31 L.' orsto phine Town, South Shields.

OISPAPEH.-100 Sheets Thick club, address printed 11 and envelopes Is. 9. free.—DICKINSON, Stationer, Whitehaven.

DUILDINUF mArNaLtL, largest 8. H. stock London, everything lowest quotatlon.—tilCHlSSON, Wells et., Camberwell.

WS/I.—Six Picture Postcards, particulars Limerick Com- .l petition, 10,000 prizes, postage 2C.-11MLL.s. Co., 12, Hlme drove, W.

WOttMS in Dogs ; ' Keeperl " kills ; no starvatiin. —Of Chemists. le. 6th per box, or post free, 2, BUdil Si. W.. Soutbsea.

INUTSIIiGB:—GUA.IIANTIiND 60.11/1 , 25 for 6d., 100 for is. 9d. Poet free. Try them. —SuBiN, 19, liastcheap, Loudon. Identiou paper. 4

ElOll Wholesale Price List of 6LO articles, suitable for 30 JL' And 40. Bazaars and nhopaeepers.—Apply dCAakt Bazaar Dept., Altrket. Leeds.

)o,llBlNAllocia. Ladies' woven, aleritio finish, unsbrinkable, pink, natural ; 25. 9.1. post free.— SnalixtaN, Draper. Northampton. 14 LAT!U STuCKINGi 2s. 6d., Leggings Es. 1.d., Knee- l:l caps 2s. each ; measurement form free. —Nk.w B111116)1 WIEDER CO., Lord at.. Soutbport.

riIAICHN from any Ph3to, 12 postoaros for le. 6,1 pt free. UoeMoPoLITAN bTUDIo, 42, Tottenham Uourt rd., London, W. Telephone 14534 Central.

LLASTIU eTUCKINUS. 2s. 6d. ; Knee-Caps, 2s, Suopen- sary Bandage., ls. each from Manufacturer—W. 14. MADDOCK, Alfred at. bouth. Nottingham,

2 PER UILT.I2 OUMMIaSLON for selliog 31en's 13. Caps, le eJ settlements after sas ; txoods carriage paid ; send references.—Monosa, 1.. Albert st., Hyde.

Du 01( LA/Milli, portraits, engravings. ola scrap books, etc., large or small quantities ; distance no object. Call or wslte.—J. JEIFFKRY, 115 a. City rd., 8.0.

DAZAAR GOODS (Special), Id and 6d.—Greatest variety 1/ and value in the trade.—SALMON &AIATTHEWM.I.N, Ltd , Plough Buildings, Gloucester et., Birmingham.

1.1..15S CULLIsT, Broken Pale Green Bottle Glass, Plate (j LS Sheet Glass Wanted.--11XCEL8IoR GLABS Wittlington st., Broad at., Pendleton, Manchester.

IMBRIOKS I—Smart, witty, and orignal lines 6d. six for J 2.. 6d. any competition ; clients delighted.—EnzliTolf, 4, Ilighfield Grove S,,utb, Kock Ferry. We-shire.

I.lo.tailU6. 2u X 3u tor Grocers, Butch rs. Hairdressers and _L Boottnakers, Zs. 6d. doz. ; assorted sample 31. -HATES, 23, Brodick et., Moston, Manchester. Agents wanted.

1,13 W THlNG.—Uertain d.ath to blaokbeetles and tam. crickets. L.true sample agents Wanted. —Apply 3, HEYW )oID Brimington. Che3tereteld.

(111,1SisNHOUslic.—tipau roof 9 x 6ft. with glass, £3. k_A Tarred Irelting, 15yde., 2s. 6d. Venetian binids from 48 —BLecxrdun. Sawmills, 38e, liowards rd • btratford. USIO for Teachers, Grahan.'s stook (in liqui lation) ; IY.I beet 3s, arid 4s. editions of Piano Clessics at 6d, per copy. Lists free.—METHVEN anfßioN, LTD., &lin bur gh,

HOLIDAY Waterproot Coat, inside straps. 121. 6cl. to clear ; if not approved, rnicey rttnrued.— IRE IMPERIAL WA.TREPROOF COAT COMPANY, MArket Place, Grimsby.

INTINT.—Habit Cloths, 5J inch, 2. per yard ; Twill Serget, 50 inch, is. 71. per yard. Yatterni post free, all shadee.—Uktes. Bezrzuvrr it Co., lowa End, Erdmley. Leeds.

LADIEIa' Solid Leather Belts, round or Swiss shapes: black, navy, royal, brown, biscuit, tan, red, wine, heliotrope, myrtle. moss, is. 3d., post Iree.—Booriinr, Coaitorook House, Berk ham sled.

JNUBAbB YOWL INCOMII, BY TKADING.—end for R William Cotton's bs, parcel of Jewellery, Hosiery, Lace, Haberciasbery, Overalls.—WEEßDAY °Ross, Nottingham. Established 1848.

Lllll 54BICKJ.—Increasing succe m ss, huor dous witty an rhyme, no cheap tr,sii, something worth knowing. P.O.send ls., stamped address.—LEE, 6, Avon Plac., Aston rd., Birmingham

BUY Blankets dire2t from WRIGELT & *ON (the Wright itney Blanket Company), 13rldge Hone, Wicaey, end save money. send for price lists, and cimpare witb others. Write now.

AUNDRY GLAZING SRORHIT.--Rxtremely simple; IA gives actull appearance of white obina ; stamped envelope for particulars. —OOLUMO3 TRAINING 00., Pontrh y - dyfen, Port Talbot, Glam. LADM' Patterns out to special metsure, any style, by Ladies' Tailor, Is. each. Coate, skirts, bodices, measure- forms frt.°. Fit guaranteed. lidtablishad years.—WiLsorr. 36 Great Russell et., London,

f ADD gRS for all purposes Pcsle Steps. Trestles, Handctrts JLI Barrows and Contractors' Plant ; Nindow Cleaners' elescopic Lad:fees a spe,ciaIity.—BRACICENBURY & 00., 36, City rd., Manchester. Tel. 6353.

HOW TO LIM lialIUK by a Limerick Uompetition Judge; also dictionary of Limerick rhyming words ; price Id. post free lid. ; indispensible to COlTlDetitors.—PoLsur; LTD.. 4& 6, Gough square, Fleet at., London 11.0.

lIAND-tADI OIGRIiITIi, exceilent value, l'uritiih 4s. 6d., Virginian 33. 6d. 100 post paid. Money refunded if not suitable. Write for sample', —THE CLEOPATRA Co., 193, Hammersmith rd.. London, W. AGNIFICENT RRSULTS. —Jtpanese Magic Hair AL Renovator and Restorer ; infallible ; wonderful moustache producer. Carefully slaaled private directions. Post free 7 stamps.—LuDLA3f, Bonrnville. nr Birmingham.

100 BILIMBADS, Memos, Business or VisLluOArJa le. 3d., post free ; 50 sheets of Notepaper with your address printed on each sheet, and 50 envel .pes for 19.3 d., post free.—DALLts ,4 Co., 39. Park et., Cambridge,

HYGIECNIC COSTUAIIi CLOD-I—Wren at first cost. 18 lovely shades for autumn anct winter. Weir guaran- teed. Shrunk and unspottable ; 53 inches wile; Is. 9d, yard. Patterns free. Llama MINUFLOTURING Co., Dept.2s, Bral'ord

ClGAt3.—Special offer. Box of 60 choice cigars fit for a li king ; every cigar banded Cabinets.' Genuine article. Sent post free for 49. Trade direct and save money, Tobacconists rupplied.--F. H, 'l.m.ok, Cigar Merchant. Wigan.

DARBIII) FISNOING Wllig in t-cwt, reels, 24 yards, 71. JO per reel ; P'ain Galv nzci Wire in 1-3vit. bundle., 700 yards, 12. per cwt. Wrought Iron Standarcts, Is. 3d. each. (W Dep.). BUTLEB, Bell Works, Wolverhampton. Established 1828.

fl —GLOAT BAILHAIN.—Coffee House,Confectionery 1. Tobacco ; Chip, Fish, Pea Restaurant ; Firewood and Furnished Room Business : 15 years, close to market ; cheap rent; turnover £9 weekly.—REsTsumatiT, 21, Told at., Rochdale.

1001 I loaveelyAblrloonstbeL,. 6PlearelLbErliwliiatnhteo,rdGerollssvtoonre4; mnch more, Money returned if not approvel. /dust be cleared. Apply. —MANAGER, South of lingland Jewellery Co • Eastbourne.

GALVANIZqD COIifirGATHD SHIRT, all warrantsd sound, 3ft, 9d ; 4ft., ls. ; sft.. ls. 3d. ; 6ft., le. 6d. ; 7ft., le. Bd.; 2s. ; 9ft., 2a. sd. ; lOtt., 2s. sid. each ; ridging, 3d. per ft. ; spouting, 3id. per ft.—(W. Dep.), BuLits, Bell Works, Wolverhampton. Eitabllehei 1826.

LIMERICKS. LIMERICKS. SEND any Limerick with P.O. for One Shilling and I will send vcu per return post a SELECTION OP OftIGI SUL LINH3 to complete your Limerick.—Address, LIMERICK JUDGE, 7, Craven rd., Lancaster Gate, London, W.

BILLIARD TABLI4,—A semi-Billiard Table and accessories for sale.—On view ST. MARIed INSTITUTE, HUIChinSOII it., Widnes.

DON'T back fancies, back Information ; I get it ; send 2s. 6d. for wire. We. 0/0 78, Dame Agnes at., Nottingham.

IMBRICKEI.-23 A WICHK FOR LIFE.--Elamuda's ' Traylee ' Cigarette. Bend Ed and stamped envelope for last line.—W., 133 Colwyn rd., Northampton.

lINGLR - titiUT GUNII.-14jectors. Highest Quality, kJ Great bargahas. P.O. 28s 6d.—The WALLER MANU- FACTURING Co.. 2 Barrett at.. Oxford—street, London.

PIUTUEEd AND PAINTED MlfatDßS.—Wholesale only. Write for prices to 831ITH, LAUrtIE, Lin,, Moulding Manufacturers and Picture Frame Experts, High el., Bast Eunderiand.

19000 LOVELY BROOCIi/01, pearls, brilliants, goldstonee etc All at 2s. Bd. each cash with order, worth much more. Money returned if not approved. —MANAGER, Soath of tingland Jewellery Co., Eastbourne

?TO F 00.1E10, ETC.—WILL OuLsakw, Sadler, 3. Copy 1 Nook, Blackburn, bas for quick Sale all kinds of Light and Heavy Harness. also 1,000 sundry lots Bridles, Hames, Saddles, Breeohings, all parts Harness. ; 200 Collars, all sizes, from 3s. each ; Riding Saddle, 15s. ; New Set Harness, £4 ; Chain Gears, 30s.

RUBBER GOODS arid every description of Surgical and Domestic Appliances at half usual prices ; valuable information and illustrated list free ; four splendid sainpleB Is., or ten ss9orted 25. 6d. (worth ss).—W. E. DOREIN & Co.. Manufacturers, West Norwood. London.

Vlif MB NAILS (Mixed), Bs. 6d. per cwt, 281bs, 28. 3d.; V icrews, mixed. 28s. per cwt, ?Blbs 7s. 6d.; Wire, Out. Wrought, and Malleable Nails Tacks, Rivets, etc-, etc., wholeeale'prices.—MlDLAND NAIL %roam, 25 to 28, Rea St., B:imingham, 0. W. HAYLBS, Proprietor.

VISH AND CHIP SHOP FITTINGS, or Snops fitted corn- plete and businees taught, if you want to make money have a supper Bar, we hold the largest stock of fittings Rangers. Peelers Cutters &o. List and particulars free.— MAnnorrs', 71, Paradise st., Liverpool.

ViiNS I °VEINS I 1 OVIINS II ! Bakers and Con- fect!oners and Pork Butcbers, we are in a position to offer you the simplest, cleanest, and most efficient and cheapest Oven on the market to-day. Ask for list and full particulars.—MAßßorrs', 71, Paradise at, Liverpool.

QUPhIiFLUOUS HAIR and MOLlC4.—Perfected Blec- k) trolyeis (by Mr Parke's invention) supersedes all other systems in rapidity for perm Anent destruction. The only method which never disappoints. By appointment only Stamped envelope to Mr. ItoriEßT J. PARKES, 2, Church at., bouthport.

rIHINA. 61LT SHCONDS, le. doz.; Rarthenware Seconds kJ from Bd. doz. ; Dinner, Tea, Toilet Ware, great variety; Chapel, Church, Caterers supplied ; badged ware hotels, schools; 100 doz. seconds sound articles £3, safely packed ; ha fekets' crates nearly 1,000 articles 38e. 6d. Cheapest In trade. Write for free Iists.—ARTHUR J. HULL, Normacot Works, Langton, Staffs.

ALVANISLD CORRUGATHD 81411 HITS, all warranted Vir sound; 31t.. 91. ; 4ft., le. ; sft , ss. 3d. ; 6ft. 11. 6d. ; 71t., la 9d. ; 81t., 2s. ; 9f1., 2s. sd, ; 10ft., 2s. Bd. each ; ridging, 3d. per foot; spouting. 30. per foot. B&RBED FRNCING WIRE, in }cwt. reels, 221 yards, 7s. per reel ; plain, galvsnieed wire, in 'cwt. bundles, %ariods gauges, 12s. per cwt. ; wrought ir na standards, le. 31. each.—BUTLEB Bell Works. Wolverhampton. Established 1828.

DRIVATR CHRISTMAS CARDS. Agents wanted. Books _I free. Best ommission.-97, T. STEPEMNS RD., Bradford. A GIANTS WANTED.—Teclanical knowledge unnecessary. Pt. References required.—Apply " lixaminer " Office, Warrington.

MILK.—WANTBD a small Dairy of New Milk, «tally ; 24 to 30 gallons daily.—Apply T. WATERwoRTH . Gidlow Farm, Wigan.

ANTIiD, Privte Christmas Card Agents. Bplenlid t series. Liberal commission. Popular prices.—Wir icirisos /t Co., 24a, Bank at., Accrington.

WANTED.—Private Christmas Cards. agents, splendid series, liberal corn.. popular prices.—WlLE.NBoN Co., 24a Bank st., Accrington, Lancs.

VACANCY for Pupil on Dairy, Poultry, and Mixed Farm, near Brighton. Moderate premium.—/luesiii.t. BRos., Home Farm, Mouiscombe, Patcham, Sussex,

LAY re NIA. commends experienced 00AOHN, leaving D through death of employer. First-3talB driver, married when suited.—PartraP, Groe et., Buiith Wells.

ANTIQUKS Wanted, Old Glass, China, Lace, large variety for sale; commissions undertaken ; hiqhest references. —Mite IDA PRYOR, 10, New Quebec st., London. W.

w BEKLY (addressing envelopes, &e.),—Spare or tit whole time employment. either sex. Pose addressed envelope.—Aßmemosto & Co., 10 Sandland et., London.

A GENTS WANTED, Private Christmas Cards; Rood /-1 commission allowed; no risk ;no outlay ; easily earued. Apply, Box A 5. COOPER PRINTING COMPANY, Burnley.

s naIVATE ' and' Autograph ' Christmas Cards. Agents .I. wanted. r plendid Free Sample Book. High com- mission. —BLacxnouasa BRc., Li 'get Green, Bradford.

PATIINT Bale 6 hipecialist, 15 years' experience, America. requires patent. HxplAtation or selling. State patent number.—Address F,TECIALIST 6) Guildford st.,London, W. 0.

BUILDBEW MICIICHANTS.—Wanted Partnership or Purchase outright; good connection in country town.— Box 4832. b Etatutow HATca MR, Holborn Place,London,W.C.

PRIVAT 14 CHRISTMAS CaRDB.—To typewriters, book- keepers, and others. Agents Wanted. Good commissiOn —CHIPPE WALE & Co., 87 Drill Hall lane, Church. Lane.

AS Colliery Traveller : South and West of England; 15 years' experience ; good connection and reference.. Or Manager of Depot —S., Alveston Villa, Swiss rd., Weston- super-Mare.

1)111V A 114 OR RIS.I•MAS CARD WANTHD Smart AGIBNI'S (eith,ir sex). No risk. Over 100 beautiful (lashing. Sure to Sell.—GnaTl Put:mamma Co., Ingleton, Yorkshire.

EARN 14 lh WAGB.—Work at home at Retouing. Hardly lern ed by men or women ; big demand ; good pay; stamp for particulars.—F. dixiarEwri, 231 btrand, London. W. V,

AGRNT, either sex, for this distrlct to sell our marvellous Tablets for Washing Clothes without work. Once tried always wanted. If sample desired enclose stamp. Liberal terms.—ltswrlxs•& Co., 59, New Oxford st., London.

riANADA.— Still vacancies for Farm hands Domestics, Ran- k way Men, and Mechanics ; wages good; only industrious, hard-working men need apply ; sto assisted passages. MANI - TUBA. AND W NSTERN OANADA LAND Co., 50, Strand, London.

ON the principal Province of Canada, offers moot I;Aavßouitlrab le opportunities to strong young Men and others desirons of engaging in Farm Work. Female Domestics in great demand at high wages. For particulars apply Orcresto GOVERNMENT Aorner,7, James st..Liveronol.

WANTHD,SITUA. ['ION as GIARDHHHI3 (Head Working), age 32, thoroughly expEriencM in general routine ot well-hept establishment ; been bead 6 years ; excellent testltnonials.—rils.Pesm, Moss Lane, Hightown, Liverpool.

OFFICHWS Daughter desires return India as Help to Lady for passage and useful Companion in India ; good sailor. Trained dressmaking (diploma) and millinery ; West nd. Active, domesticated. Or similar engagement England or Continent.—Miss K. c/o 9. Quintin avenue, Wimbledon.

I I Best KNA US I KN &MOMS I KNA,CKBHS ! possible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle Prompt re•noval on the shortest notice any distance up to 16 miles —JA3fEs TOLE AND Soxa LTD., Manure 4a anu- lecturers, Longford Works, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole, Longford Works, Telephone 299,

WANTBD by an &d-established and well-known Nursery and reed Business dealing largely in Nursery Stock of all kinds, Bulbs, Garden and Farm Seeds, a tiIIiPItiC- BEINTATIVI9 in or near Warrington t,) take orders for goods In a defined district on salary and commission ; absolute honesty and sobriety are essential ; preference will be given to one with following qualifications : Age not exceeding 49 years, rider of a bicycle, good knowlelge of trees, plants and horticulture, good connection amongst gardeners.—Applv, with copies of testimonials and completi history of career to " ALPHA," C/O T. B. Browne's Advertising Offices, 163,Qaeen Victoria at., London.

3 PIANOS ON tiA.LB RHTURNED FROM HUM. PIANO, beautiful Rose*rood Case, 14y Ralph Allison. PIANO, beautif al Walnut Case, by Hilton and Hilton. PIANO, Oak Case, by T. G. Payne. PIANO, beintiful Walnut Case, by William Sames. INTENDIdG BUYERSIoULD NOT MISS 'IRESE BARGAINS. FULLY WARRANTRD BY SBLVBS AND MAKERS. NOTE ADDRress : Vi ADS 59, 6ANKBY ST., WARRINGTON.

VOR BALE, BROUGHAM, by Roberts ; good condition. .1: Apply any afternoon COACHMAN, Avenham House, btretford (near station).

OTtrOelmt uti,Yr.J.Ll,lfa,uviteirey. me oanrclt H• umeobletr, gotlaingu!aperaasy,. £l2 12e. or exchange. —l9, TANFIELD sn., Croydon.

DICYCLII.—Most marvellous bargain ever off ,red • Magni fioent Gent's high-grade Coventry Cycle, absolutely as new ; ball bearings, free wheel, rim brake. silver-plated rims. pneumatic tyre?, not soiled, beautifully enamelled, lined and plated, mud guards and all acc @stories. Cash urgently wanted. £3 10s., worth double ; must be sold at once. Approval before cash sent.—T. HUSIS IND, 9. Waterloo- 0.. Weston-goner-Nur,

floultrp, eggs, ett. -vow', CORN, Ts. 64., 10s, 81., 12s. 6d. 240 e. ; Pig Food, 12 7s. 6d. and Poultry Meal, Eia. and 10s. per 2001bs.— ROCHE AND Co . 16, Goree piazzas, Liverpool. Mention paper.

FINANON.— Good profit made by small investment; no agents.—Apply Box 4364, c/o bilamiow et THATCHER, Holborn ',lace, London. A SOUND Investment is offered to those with small Ilk capital, and make provision for old age.—For particulars apply to litinTuAL, 118, Hambrough rd., donthall.

PIDRE MI UM BON DS.—tiafe and popuiar investment Prizes of £20,C0), &c, interesting pamphlet and full particulars post free.—SstiTa & CM., Woodhouse. iiheffield.

PROVINCIA.L Home Investment Certificate for sale; £350 advance due; why pay rent? be your own landlord. —Apply J. GILLEBPIR, 4, Townsend lane, Cabbage Hall, Liverpool.

Fro OAPITALISTS.—Partner with £lOOOO required, for ft J. well-established Boring Company (Limited) in Hanover (Germany), in full working order. Up-to-late Machinery. Splendid testimonials. large profits proved and goo 4 Interest guaranteed. Ample security. round anl well- paying investment. Best references.—For full particulars apply by letter to A. HOWAHU & CO., Financial Brokers, 35, Deronda rd., Herne Hill, London, SE. _

MAGNUM and VIOTORIA PLUMS, 121 b. 2s. 3d.; 241 b?. 45., 381bs. 65., carriage paid.—LEEK, Binton, Stratford-on—Ay on.

I4ULBS, FRERSIAd, star Bethlehem, Gladtolus Fairy Queen, Pboanix, forcing bulbs, carriage paid CHALMRIO3, Guernsey.

4 ATRIMONIAL TIMRS." the best and quickest intro- -13.11 ductory medium for all desiring a matrimonial alliance ; price 6d.. in sealed enseiope.—Address EDITOR Robert Radio d 5. Featherstone Buildings. Holborn, W.

('WRNS absolutely cured without pain by VANOJS'ri CORN cHLK. Price 7d.—V.a.acat, Chemist, Greystones, D H RUMATISM. —lnexpensive treatment; reliable advice. 6d.--xir. GRIFFITHS, 80, Leaburet rd., Lewisham, 6.4

PILO-Pll,O is the only sure cure for bleeding piles. Of all chemists, is. lid. per box.—Pito Co.. Trafalgar at., Burnley.

SOOTHING, Healing, Invigorating, is Pearson's Cough Emulsion. Sample 15 stamps.—PEARBOA'S, Chemists, Brierley HIP.

XT BURALOIA, BABLOWS (Darlington), Tie Doloreux .11 Powders have Cured thousands le. lid. and 2s. 9d Testimonials free.

HEADACHE AND NEURALGIA. rpßy " Zimpo, ' never fails. Price Is. Id.—WRAY, Chemist, Lemington on Tyne. URElC—Persons 11l or Ailing should send for the Key to 1 Health_ Hundreds Cured. Unclose stamp. -VALETTA, 19, Cannon et., Manchester.

CZIISIA. cured by Raeline. Free sample ointment, pills, and particulars of treatment, 2d.—D. Wawa Co., 69A Park rd., West Dulwich, o.w.

IONSTIP PILHS.—Ifow Advertiser was cured k..) without medicine or expense. Sufferers write to-day.— HOMELANDFIRLD, tit. Albans.

HisIDIATI:4I cured by wearing Elf ctrical Dlll3B, 6d. a IL pair, by post. 7,1.—J, lot O. URAY, Furnishing Iron- monger. bl, High st., birming barn.

Li HALM4GIs:INI Household 31tI1B, kuaranteed. Three 11 y int cspaclty, ss. 81. carriage .calii.—Glans & Co., 28, Grove Place, London, N.W. LIB fA8.185?---11 al me's 'Best Female Pills' are sold In boxes, 111 Is. 11 1., 2s. 9d. ; extra 4s. 6d. Useful and instructive booklet post free.—HuLattce, Chemists, tiottingham,

NlSURALGlA.—Guaranteed cure ; one dose relieves ; bend stamp for trial dose. or la 20 and 2s. lld post free. —UAWSON DRUG Co., 69, Ailddlegate, Great Yarmouth.

14`braB. 165).—Hulme's • Best Female Pills ' are sold in Li boxes, Is. lfd , 2s. 9d. ; extra 41. 6d. , useful and nstruct.ve booklet p)st free. —HutmEs.Chemlst, Nottingham

LIRBB BOOKLET. Id. stamp, on Matrozorie treatment : 1: safe easy acconchement : marvellous recuperation of motb,r, bright healthy children.—VlANozon: Co., North Shields.

A TTLINTION.—Wby suffer from PILBS wtien " NIBUR ' Filecure will cure you. Tender Feet immediately relieved by " Nlbur " Footcure. 6d. each, poet free.-111.7131N, 19, Bastcbeap, London.

ZO OINTMENT for all eye complaints, intlimmation, blurred sight. eye strain, ttc. Helleres Instantly, PM, ; 3 boxes, Is. 6d.—AßttoLu BRoe., 73, Braeishaw St. Higher Broughton, Manchester.

STAMAIHRING. °URN BY CORIMPONDHNCE guaranteed.—Apply PRINCIPALS, Dublin Institution for the Cure of Stammering etc., 38, Harrington et , Dublin.

C 0 N MPTION Cured by Herbal Treatment Write for Form Tc-lay. TALBOT, Danehurst, Woodball ripa, Lincoln. ADVION FRBB.

T IL 19 MIUiIAGH: Its Causes and Curative Treat- ment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women. A new edition just published. Post, free 3s. 9d., London.---SHELLEY & Co., LTD., 38, Gracechurch at..

1 lUXUH DROP FOR PAINS IN THE BACK, Gravel 1../ Stone in the BI ulder, Stricture, Sciatica, and Kidney Colic. Most available for old standing Wounds, 70., Is., Is. 91., per bottle, post free. In consequence of so many worthless so called Dutch Drops in the market, see that you get the name of J. ELBOZ, on every bottle and wrapper, or sent direct to 272, NEW GOULSToN ST., Aldgate, London, E.

GARNETT'S NEW DEPARTMENT" to suit all classes. Call and look through the new premises adjoining the old show- Toms SANKEY STREET. GARNETT'S•

iSbe aminer E.t*tes THE WARRINGTON MID-011E9FIIRE EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath. Penketb, Wlnwick, Padote, Lvmm, Fic., being one of the Largest and Beet Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district coverei by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract In houth Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. rnira RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday .1 morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. TIE 4 WIDNES EXAMINER, published every narrirday 1 morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of Industry, THE EA ttLitSTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, 1 published every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Havdock, Lowton Bcc The district thus comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire coal fields 911-18 ST. HELENS EXA.MINIsri. published every 1 Saturday morning oirculating In St. Helens. Preston Parr. Sutton, Peaeley Cross, &c.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID ADVERTISE ;WENT'S. APARTMHNTS WANTSD. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO 814 SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALE One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. 3s. 94. 27 ... Os. is. 104. ... 38. Od, 51. Od. 38 ... Is. Pd. ... Is. 64. ... 4s. Od. 6s. Od. 45 ... is. 3d. ... 38. 14. ... ss. Od. 7s. Od. 54 ... is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s, Od. ... 10s. Od

THE EXAMINER. SEPTEMBER 216 t, 1907.

WARRINGTON :" A Nice Present for his Youngster" At Warrington, on Saturday, John Smith, an iron- -- worker, of Penketh, was fined 2s. 6d. for stealing a child's bicycle. Prisoner was employed at Messrs. Coming Events. Monks, Hall and Co.'s ironworks, and when leaving The Liberal excursion to Bellc Vue takes place work on Saturday he toek the bicycle from off the to-day (Saturday) and upwards of 1,000 are expected scrap iron heap. When charged, he made the remark to journey to the famous pleasure grounds. The that he thought it would make a nice present for his Borough fember will accompany the party and deliver youngster. an address. Trains leave Central Station at 1 and Pawnshop Theft. 2 Pan., returning from Belle Vue at 10 and 10.15 pm. George Hall and George Freeman, two Liverpool A Socialist meeting at Bridge Foot to-morrow men, were sent to gaol for one month at Warrington .kSunday) evening will be addressed by Mr. H. Russell on Saturday for stealing a man's jacket from outside Smart. the shop of Thomas Doraville, pawnbroker, Church- A series of University Extension lectures on "Plant street. One of the prisoners was seen by a little Life" will be delivered in the Co-operative Hall, Cairo- girl to unhook the coat from a nail and walk away street, by Mr. F. E. Weiss, D Sc.,Professor of Botany with it. An assistant was informed and gave chase, in the University of Manchester, commencing on the two prisoners being caught a short distance away Wednesday, October 2nd. PETROLEUM OLL IN BARRELS and Drums Pen Out of the Window, delivered free. Ask prices.—J. S. GARLAND, lron- A man named James Bate (3s), 81, Chorley-street monger, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. got up as usual at 1.30 yesterday morning to go to Historic Estate for Sir John Brunner. his work. He opened the window, and overbalancing, On behalf of Sir John Brunner, a London firm have fell out, fracturing his skull and breaking a rib, purchased the Silverlands estate, Virginia Water, the wife at once sent for Dr. Ferguson, who ordered seat of Sir Philip Waterlow. Silverlands, beautifully -pates' removal to the Infirmary, timbered, includes Flardwicke Farm, upon which for The Missing Tynwald. Imany years an old English fair was held, and where Alderman pierpoint was a passenger on the luckless both King Henry VI. and Queen Elizabeth are said Steamer Tynwald which was fog-bound on her passage to have staved. Near by stands the famous Hard- from Douglas to Fleetwood. She left at 4 p.m. on wicke oak, Ibelieved to be the old south-east boundary Thursday and did not reach Fleetwood until 3.30 of Windsor Forest. Yesterday afternoon, having over 700 passengers on Fire in Market-street. board. At about eleven o'clock on Monday morning a fire PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST broke out at the shop of Mr. A. Mynekyme, pork BOOTS IN LANCASHTRE.—Advt. I butcher, Market-street. The fire bell was rung and the, Col. Ridgway's Will. ! brigade were about to turn out when a telephone The will of Col. J. C. Ridgway, V.D. J.p., of message was received to the effect that their services would mot be required. The fire had been caused by roaresbury Lodge Ridgway Ltd., wli and head of Messrs. blare and o died on the 7th of August, has ' some fat boiling over. While endeavouring to put it been proved at £13,459 9s gross and £13,350 975. Scl.net. i out one of the assistants,Charles Dickenson, was some- By a will dated July 28th, 1905, the deceased gentle- what severely injured. He was removed to the man left all he possessed to his wife, and appointed Infirmary for treatment. his son Ernest Edward Ridgway to be governing FoR PURE PORK SAUSAGE, try ASHLEY'S.—Advt. director of Messrs. Clare and Ridgway, Ltd. Flre in Golborne-street. Information was received at the local fire station at about twenty minutes to four on Friday morning that a fire had broken out at if r.Hardimen's printing works Golborne-street. Superintendent Turner and full latiiplement of men were quickly on the scene, and found that the roof of Cowap's wooden stores and Pemberton's shop were on fire. Two jets were got to work and a good supply of water was obtained from the neighbouring hydrant. A considerable amount of damage was done. The origin of the fire is unknown. ETL BUTTER, is. per Ib.—ASHLEY'S, Sankey st.—Advt Music in the Park. Messrs. Crosfield's Band will play the following Programme of music in the Park on Sunday corn- inencing at 3-15 p.m. : —Hymn, " Sandon," McLeod; March, " Ingleby," McLeod ; selection, " Robin 11,°0d," Macrarren (Test Piece at recent Belle Vue `j ~ontest); selection, "Gems of Schumann," arranged °Y William Short (Test Piece for the 1,000 Guinea Trophy Contest, Saturday next, September 28th) •, Cll°rlle, "The Heavens are Telling," Haydn. "God Save the King." Conductor, Mr. G. F. Bedforth. LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER TIIE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Adtv. The Grammar School. A conference was held on Tuesday between the governors of the Gramms,r School a,ud the School Management C )mmittee of the Warrington Education Committee to discuss the new regulations of the Board of Education with regard to the Secondary \ -Education. The effect of those rules is that the higher grant will only be paid if the majority of the governors of the school are nominated by representative bodies and 25 per cent. af free places are provided. We understand that the matter was debated in an informal way but no definite decision was arrived at. The regulations will again be considered at the next Meeting of the School Management Committee. Till Robbery at Warrington. At the Borough Court yesterday, a youth named °ln Roberts n, who state 1 th Lt, he cam 3 from Glasgow, pleaded euilty to stealing 71 from a till at the shop of Robert Brooks, 56, Orford-lane. Prosecu- tor had occasion to leave his shop for a few minutes last evening, and on his return he found the prisoner leaning over the counter with his hand in the till. He had 7d. in his hand.—Prisoner, who cried in the dock, said he had no home and his parents were dead. He Walked from Liverpool on Thursday,and he was willing It? work if he could get it.—The rn igistratea decided „Z.r,ecorrl a convieti.o . arid the police court missionary '41(1 he would try to get the prisoner in a. ho:ae. The Only Black-Lister. John Wilfrid Delooze, who has the unenviable distinction of being Warrington's only black-lister, again appeared in the dock at the Borough Police Court, on Monday charged with drunkenness. It was Stated by the Chief Constable that the prisoner's con- victions now totalled forty-three. A few day's ago he was locked up on a similar charge, but on promising to reform he was bound over. It was such men as the prisoner who helped to swell the crime record of the town, thereby giving it a bad name.—Delooze was ordered to find sureties and pay the costs, or undergo six months' imprisonment. WHITE TOASTING CHEESE,Gd. per lb.at ASHLEY'S.—Advt. Labour Bureau. , During the week there have been registed 21 men,- youths, 10 wennen, 10 girls, total 52 ; and the nnnaber of situations offered were, men 8, youths 4 Women 8, girls 4, total 21. There are now on the Tegister out of employment 205 persons in the follow- ;ng trades : —General labourers 22, Iron works labourers 8, Wire works labourers 22, carters and °antnen 14, handymen 8, engine drivers and firemen 3, fitters 4, sundry and other trades 22, youths 32' girls 20, women fer charing and cleaning 53. Several ladies during the week made application for experi- enced domestic servants but the supply was not equal 1° the demand. There was also a good demand forl ,IP°3's just leaving school, but the demand for skilled labourers and women for charing and cleaning was rather dull. PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER THE CLOCK OR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. A Rough Prisoner. _At the Borough Police Court on Monday, Miles having been labourer, Ellesmere-street, was charged with been drunk and disorderly in Buttermark-et- street on Saturday night, assaulting P.C.'s Sankey and Azrcistrong,damaeing the latter's trousers to the extent of 13s. He pleaded guilty to being drunk and disorderly and tearing the trousers,but said he knew nothing about the assa,ult. —P.C. Sankey said he was on duty at 7.15 On Saturday night in Buttermarket-street, in corn- 15anY with P.C. Armstrong. They saw prisoner cirunk, and heard him use very had language, They cautioned him but as he did not desist they took him into custody. He then became very 'violent. He kicked out right and left like a madman and kicked witness and Armstrong about the body Beveral times, and also tore Armstrong's trousers. They obtained the assistance of Sergeant Barnett, and took prisoner to the Police Station. They were "ruggling with him on the ground for about 201 minutes. P.C. Armstrong corroborated, and said Prisoner struck him in the face and kicked him several times in the stomach. He also got hold of witness's trousers (produced), and tore one of the legs from top to bottom. —Prisoner was fined ss. and ordered to pay the damage to the trousers and the Court costs (V 6d. altogether.) Attack on a Workmate. At the Warrington Police Court, on Saturday, John avlin, 211, Winwick-road, was charged with assault- -1,..1g James Hill Williams, joiner, 25, Birchall-street, on aeptember 13th.—Prisoner pleaded not guilty.—Mr. Isrowne said he was sorry in one sense to have to 'Prosecute prisoner, because he had known him since was a child. Prosecutor and prisoner were fellow _workmen, and were sent out by Mr. Dolan, builder, .t,° do some work at the New Wesleyan Schools, Latchford. They were putting in a floor at seven • • °,-„icloak on Friday morning, and Williams was work- `"g on his knees. Prisoner complained that Williams Zas doing too much work for the time and ended by a, °king him in the teeth, knocking him over. When V_3 got up prisoner again attacked Williams, who had t° defend himself as well as he could until the fore- Zan arrived. Williams was bleeding profusely from ,e lip, and Dr. Leadbetter afterwards put three autolies in the wound caused by Tavlin.—Prisoner rid be remonstrated with Williams about being care- With. his axe, whereupon Williams became 'egressive, and he (prisoner) struck him in self ef• ence• —ln answer to Mr. Browne, Williams said if avlin expressed his regret and paid the doctor's fee, 'Lie would look over the matter. —Prisoner : I will 4r say a word of regret. There is not a word of t a_t_ith in what he said.—The Chairman (Mr. Hayward) asTd he thought prisoner was very foolish. He would fined £2, including costs, or a month's imprison- ;Dent.

TABLETS will cure your indigestion and make you well and strong once IR lb.-. more. Write for descriptive Booklet and "The Doctor's Word," sent post free. A dainty Aluminium Pocket Packet of so Tablets for Is. If you chemist has not got them, they will be sent post free on receipt of One Shilling by the Iron-Ox Remedy Co., Ltd., 20, Cockspur Street, London. S.W.

• " An excellent Food, admirably adapted . to the wants of infants and young persons." —Slit CHARLES A. CAMERON. C.Wd., M.D., Professor of Chemistry, R.C.5.1., Medical Officer of Health for Dublin, • PURVEYORS BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO H.I.M. THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA. /agr

Dr. BAKER'S BACKACKE PELLETS Are a new remedy, which have al marvellous effect in curing Backache, Lumbago, Gout, Rheu- matism, Sciatica, and all diseases of the kidneys, &c. If you suffer,take one pellet three times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses you will have forgotten that you ever know the terrible pain of Backache &c. A Suflezer says:—" I obtained quick relief from a terrible backache after tnking a few doses of Dr. Baker's Backache Pellets. Write at once enclosing 12 stamps for —1 one box or 33 stamps for 3 boxes to Price I DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE Co., 1/1 03, NELSON SQUARE, SOUTHWARK, LONDON, S.E.

•p , - • GOOD , ;;:7-g,' . '...-I', • --'. s IT S ..,,,0,...........„.„,_ 05 mAsON A•*- t.),..,.....:2......-_-___ /.". -----,_..,. —,troint" ritst TO.-- =.-P--- -:-.-2.---,_ —_ LI--S--7-,_-_-_-2_-__T-- --f-_-:_f _,=-1 _ _-,------,-------- --_-_L, now TO MAKE GrA.LLONS 0 8 BOTANIC 13V0 4 IN YOUR HOME. 0 0 Mason's Extract of Herbs a - „. 0 Sugar ' a a a 6: c.....6„3„." C 0 Yeast or Harm a ' 2d. PER GALLON. 200 YEARS A SECRET. nUOl'55l GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TR- beefi ba' • oil For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointrneritdero oi oi kept in one Family. Its curative action is W"., EGS, ° cases of WOUNDS. CUTS, BRUISES, BAD " all SKIN TROUBLES. ~. 4 It at once soothes and heals, and cannot hur_t_Sr; it rot delicate skin. In mant cases of very long .5",`," We quickly cured, even when doctors have despatreu;-0, 14 stamps. GRAN NIS COMPANY, NORWI' -

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. ____ "RELIEF SOON CAME ! " "OBTAINED GREAT RELIEF." RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S MATCHES. 14, Howarth-street, North Trafford, Manchester, Novembr 15th, 1906. 63, Sherwood-street, Oxford-road, G. T. P. G. T. P. Dear Sir,—For about sixteen years, I had been a Reading, October Ist, 1906. Leeds 3 2 12 Huddersfield ... 1 ,1 constant sfererefrom severe attacks of rheumatism, Dear Sir,—l am writidg these lines to you to testify York 2 3 13 Bramley il- 1 :! oftenbeing confined to bed for ten weeks at a time to the value of your Gout Pills. My father, who is -L Batley ,„ !; "„ and could get nothing to bring relief. I was, however now dead, was a great sufferer from Gout, in fact one u Bradford Bunslet Dewsbur3 3 3 15 Hull K. Rovers 2 2 10 ; Broughtonß. my old pains I fly to your remedy, and by so doing ; father and brother Halifax Leigh Oldham 6 3 21 Wigan l, 11, 5, me to be without a bottle of them in the house; in I use them, and this I have done for the last five years, i Warrington 2 2 10 Rochdale H fact, my wife says to her friends that if the Pills were a ; and have always found them to almost relieve me at WakefieldT. Salford Warricgton Win at Rochdale. I Yours gratefully, JAMES BARLOW. ; J. HOPSON (a working man). Warrington emerged successfully from the second EADE'S GOUT PILLS i 1 EADE'S GOUT PILLS engagement of the season on Saturday, when they i ; Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all i Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all visited Rochdale and beat the Hornets on the Athletic injurious matter, and are highly restorative. I juriaus matter, and are highly restorative. grounds before a crowd of quite 6,000 people. This was Sold everywhere in bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent I Sold everywhere in Bottles, is TAd and 2s 9d, or the Hornets opening home match, and the visit of the ' post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor seat Cup-holders was a popular one. Warrington had to , GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road Londo.n GEORGE EADE, 232, Gosw-ell road, London. make the journey without S. Lees, who had a bad cold, ' and Jordan filled the vacancy. Play was of a fast "-- #4;ADP7 S GOUT 8c RHEUIVIATIC PILLS• nature throughout, and the only thing which marred a;,.. ,a/ the match was an accident to Proctor, one of the home forwards, who sustained a broken leg in a collision with Thomas. The weather was fine but windy, and War- rington had the elements against them in the first half. Teams : Warrington: Tilley, back ; Fish, Isherwood, Taylor, and Dickenson, three-quarter backs; Jordan and Brooks, half backs; Thomas, Harmer, Heath, Naylor, Preston, and Boardman, forwards. Rochdale Hornets: Upton, back ; Hartley, Williams, Ward, and Richardson, three-quarter backs; Schofield and Baxter, half backs; Taylor, Proctor, Crabtree, W. Richardson, Turner, and Dearden, forwards. Referee, Mr. H. Lowe, Broughton. Touch judges, Messrs. H. Broome, Oldham, and J. H. Cronshaw, Salford. Preston started the game and even play followed at centre. Eventually Warrington set up a strong attack, judicious kicking foiling many attempts of Upton and Richardson to clear. A passing movement between Brooks and Isherwood provided Fish with an easy chance to open the scoring, but the wing men missed the ball unaccountably. Clever work by the Rochdale backs gave them the advantage, and though Fish and Taylor eased the pressure slightly, another return to the attack was attended with success, for Schofield bluffed the opposition, and scored a good try. Hartley missed the goal. Rochdale pursued the aggressive and mulling endangered Warrington's goal until Fish got clear and forced matters beyond the half-way line. The Warringtonian was again prominent with good work, and this time he passed to the forwards. The ball was dribbled over, and Harmer scored near the posts. Fish placed the goal.and thus secured Warrington the lead. Rochdale pressed and from a good position Upton had a shot at goal. The ball struck the upright and careered between the posts,thus placing the sides on level footing. Rochdale,aided by the wind, still pressed but met a defence set up by Tilley, Taylor and Brooks, which baffled all efforts to cross. Next came a fine round of passing by the Warrrington backs, but Upton intercepted, and saved the Rochdale line at a most critical moraent. The home custodian cleared to centre field, only to see Isherwood return to the attack, and provide Warrington with a good opening. The chance was allowed to slide. A penalty against the visitors afforded Rochdale relief, and then a mull by Tilley endangered his line. Fish cleared and Hartley next tackled Taylor when he appeared likely to cross. Half- time : Warrington, one goal one try (five points) ; Rochdale Hornets, one goal one try (five points). The early stage of the second half witnessed the visitors hard pressing, and Fish effected a fine run along touch until checked by Richardson. The visitors maintained the pressure, but the defence proved safe until Upton was beaten by a cross-kick by Brooks, and Taylor securing possession, passed to Dickenson, who raced over behind the posts. Fish placed the goal. The serious accident to Proctor robbed the game of any further interest, and the final result was as follows: —Warrington, two goals two tries (ten points) ; Roch- dale Hornets, one goal one try (five points).

w. To Prevert Sick-Heaciache on land or sea—to correct sensations of giddlness—to remove the biliousness caused by change of diet—change of air—change Of environment—you must take BEECHAM'S PILLS. You will then lose all your "liverishness," have no more pain after eating, and your sick headache and giddiness will vanish. It is impossible 42)\ To iljoy Alcuar tioliciay 9/ if you are out of sorts. A box of BEECHAM'S PILLS will take up very ilittle room in your travelling bag, and you never know when they will come in handy and most probably save you much suffering and expense. If you find that the change of living does not agree with you, or your appetite is not what it should be, you can at once put yourself right if you TAKE x ; 4,-t. .:., 1 , -,ezt- „. . .., • A,,t . - t `i. X.. - .::1 ''''.l th ' 4AW., t'nx7 1 •it' t '.• It: ... •, ~ ' rit, ''‘' -fr 4;1- - 1

Farm Fire. A serious fire occurred on the farm of Edward Cannon, Lower Whitley, on Monday night. Constable Dutton discovered that a fifty-ton stack of clover was well alight, and gave the alarm. The fire had got a good bold, and the blaze could be seen over four miles , away. The Warrington Fire Brigade was summoned, but could not obtain water, and the stack was completely burnt out. The damage is estimated at £2OO. The stack burnt until seven o'clock next morning. THE EXPERIMENTAL DOG. At Runcorn on Monday several persons were summoned for allowing their dogs at large between sunset and sunrise, and Dr. NeVinstein, of the Crofton Lodge of the Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine, was one of the defendants. He told the bench that the dog was used for experimental work, and not kept for pleasure.—Mr. Littler (chairman) : We shall be obliged to fine you 2s. sd. The public would be rather more afraid of your dogs than anyone else's, although I ! don't think they would do any more harm. (Laughter.)

YOURS FOR THE ASKING. Patterns of "Rexine", the famous leather substitute, in various colors and designs. Suitable for Upholstering Splash-Mats, Table Covers and Centres, Photo Frames. Book- Case and Shelf Edging, Screens etc., and all kinds of work. Send Postcard for Free Samples from Manufacturers. Rexine Leather Cloth Co., Ltd., Hyde, Near Manchester.

11") for our New List. Send to-day to We will wild Wholesale Agency Co., Liverpool this Pretty Money if not returned • satisfied. Brooch. Solid Gold with real Diamond tor - .• • I PIG: Latrie" 5 6 • • complete.

Goddard'S- Plate' :- Powder for C;eaningSilverriectroPiat* 'Sold everywherelfr2l6B. 4/cs.

SOLD EV Huy n t. . and //s otb • d LUNG TONIC,- WORLD'S CURE FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCFIITIS. AST HMA, E tc

TAKE HORLICK'S MALTED MILK AND KEEP STRONG. REQUIRES NO cooKING. Samples, 34, Farringdon Road, London, E.C.

SONNY SOUTHPORT,' 65,000 GUIDE BOOKS utit trial Watering Place on the Lancashire Coast are to be GIVEN AWAY POST FREE. Intending visitors should apply at once to J. WILKINSON, Tom( HALL, SOUTHPORT.

LATEST I I F THE "MONO" TOP. The Longest Spinning Top in the 1016 ' Os,. World. Spin for bolus. Travel right • eircilev • or wit on a plata. With Diagram and Directions post free 6d., send stamps. 4111CLOW- Ths 'MONO" TOY CO , York now. Pesrs.on Strert Lonato, I,l' P.

RHEUMATISM The best remedy for Goat. Rheumatism, Sciatica, and Lumbago, and the only one that has stood the test of time is that celebrated medicine, BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS Why? Because they are pure, sure, and safe, and have relieved and cured thousands. Try them. THEY NEVER PAIL. All Chemists and Stores. at Is. Ito., and 2s. 9d. per box.

ee aMS Orli:east CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURE: The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Recioves all hard callosities on En, oles of the feet.. If v 61.1 E,uff.3r try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes 1/1)2. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham

CATS HAVE FAILED. 1 KAFFIR MOUSE POKES Will clear your house of Mice. Not a poison Forth P.O. D•KRIPFtIR e 01: Strede.t, Edinburgh

ME RRYWEAT HER ON WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION OF County Mansions ; Experts sent to all parts to Report on Existing Arrangements. Write for Pamphlets : Merryweather & Sons 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

The Examiner, Saturday September 21 1907. BOWLING. R. . WARRINGTON EDUCATION 0. M. W. IVO Cresswell 212.1 ... 73 ... 334 71 ... 4.70 H. Callon 152.1 ... 32 ... 340 ... 44 ... 7.72 COMMITTEE W. H. Podmore l9 ... 4 ... 39 8 ... 4.12 . B. Silcock - W. Bennett l9 4 ... 64 ... 5 .. 12.8 :.. 1 ... 26 ... 1 ... 26 THE FEEDING OF SCHOOL CHILDREN. "'here was a special attraction on the Arpley ground on Thursday afternoon when a team representing the Pupil Teachers' Grievance Again Warrington Guardians and officials played Mr. W. H. Podmore's XL The arrangements for the match were Discussed. in the hands of Mr. Samuel Sutton who had taken the keenest interest in the affair, and he is to be congratu- lated upon the success of his efforts. The weather was The monthly meeting of the Warrington Education ideal and there was a good attendance of spectators Committee was held at the Town Hall on Monday although one might reasonably have expected a large evening under the presidency of Councillor J. Fulton- muster. The band of the Padgate Cottage Homes was Smith. There were also present :—The Mayor (Alder. in attendance and the Proceeds are to be devoted to the man Smethurst), Aldermen Bennett and Bolton, Coun- prize fund of the institution. cillors Ellison, Wilkinson, Steel, Ball,Nield, Pemberton and Evans, the Revs. Canon Morley Stevenson, J. The Guardians proved victors by a majority of 30. Davies, J. Yonge, and N. Wilson' Miss Williams, Messrs. They had the assistance of Frank Harry, the Lancashire H. Roberts (vice-chairman), A. J. Jolley, E. Plinston, County player who, however, did not achieve great C. S. Burgess, T.P. Bradshaw, J. Upson, R. T. Fairclough, things with the bat, being smartly caught by J. Podmore G. Walker and J. Moore Murray (director of education.) after he had made 3. Whea the other side had a turn, THE LATE REV. E. J. WILLCOCKS. he proved a very useful bowler, and accounted for flve A fetter was read from Mrs. Willcocks thanking the wickets. The striking feature of the Guardians innings Committee for their expression of appreciation of the was the grand display of J. H. Constable who hit out in labour of love of her late husband and of sympathy for vigorous style and gave the fielders a busy time. He , those who were left to mourn his great loss. placed 74 to his credit—a feat of which he has reason to be proud. H. Saville knocked up 28 and H. Todd SCHOOL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE. added 13. Mr. S. Sutton, the hon. secretary, had quite ; THE FUTURE OF THE GRAMMAR SCHOOL AND a flattering reception on going to the wicket but he had s FAIRFIELD SCHOOL. the misfortune to be dismissed for a " duck." W. C. I Brooks the captain, was bowled first ball by Lowe. It having been reported that the number of scholars , ,in attendance at the upper girls' department of the Fairfield school was considerably below that for which the department was staffed, the School Management Committee resolved that notice be given to Miss Edith G. Parsonage, the certificated assistant mistress who was appointed to this department before the mid- summer holidays conditionally upon the number of children attending the school after the holidays justifying it, terminating her engagement on the 31st October, 1907. The question of the maintenance or otherwise of two girls' departments at the Fairfield school as separate departments was again considered, and the Director was instructed to invite the managers of the school to furnish the committee with any reasons they may desire to submit in support of the continu- ance of the present arrangement. A list of the scholars to be admitted to the Branch Technical schools during the present session, free of charge, on the recommendation of the head teachers of the public elementary schools, was approved. The Committee also granted free admission to the Secondary School to three scholars. It was noted that a special meeting of the Committee would be held on the afternoon of Tuesday, the 17th September, to meet the Governors of the Grammar School to discuss with them the new Regulations of the Board of Education for Secondary schools. Mr. UPSON, in moving the adoption of the minutes, said that probably at the next monthly meeting the school Management Committee would have something definite to submit with regard to Fairfield Schools. They were faced with the difficulty of having in the one building two schools, one of which was continuously declining in numbers, and they had to consider whether, educationally and financially, it was a good thing to maintain the two separate departments in the one building. However, they were waiting for a communi- cation from the managers and no doubt a decision would be arrived at after that had been \ considered by the School Management Committee. With regard to the free admissions to the Secondary School and Technical Institute, the Committee were continuing the policy which they had adopted from the first, that every child who had the capacity to benefit by secondary or technical education should have the opportunity of gaining that training. They had always believed that no child should be debarred by the circumstances of his home or by the poverty of his parents from profiting by the educational advantages which the committee could place at his disposal. The only thing they asked was that these children should show their capacity by passing entrance examinations and should show further by their diligence and progress that they were entitled to a continuance of the advantages. Alluding to the conference which had been arranged with the governors of the Grammar School, Mr. Upson said that by reason of the issue of new regulations governing Secondary Schools, the com- mittee were faced with a problem which they must solve in the immediate future. As far as the Grammar School was concerned, the new regulations provided two scales on which grants would be paid and the higher grant would only be paid if the majority of governors of the school were nominated by representa- tive bodies, and on the provision in the Grammar School and all Secondary Schools of 25 per cent. of free places. It had been thought that by a conference with the governors of the School, part, at any rate, of the problem might be solved atid no doubt by the next monthly meeting there would be something definite to place before the committee. Father WILSON seconded and the minutes were approved. THE FEEDING OF SCHOOL CHILDREN. MR. JOLLEY AND PARENTAL RESPONSIBILITY. In connection with the Education (Provision of Meals) Act, 1906, a report was submitted to the School Attendance Committee as to the number of children attending the schools in the Borough who are stated to be insufficiently fed, and, after careful consideration of the fa.cto ouhmitted, it was resolved that application be made to the Board of Education for permission to adopt the Education (Provision of Meals) Act, 1906. Councillor ELLISON moved the adoption of the minutes. Mr. E. PLINSTON, in seconding, said he would like to strengthen the application for the simple reason that the question was likely to be an important and difficult one, because they knew well that a number of people were quite satisfied to squat about the streets of Warrington, getting all the drink they possibly could and doing nothing for their children. It would be very difficult to differentiate between those and the class of children who, through no fault of their own or of their parents, were suffering and required the meals that were requisite before they could study. Alderman BOLTON moved that the minute be not approved. He had no objection to a child having a penny cake or even a good breakfast or anything of that description, but he had a decided objection to the employment of an extra staff which would make every penny cake cost 30s. for delivery. The minute ought to be sent back until tbe committee had full particulars as to what the adoption of the Act would mean. He did not think every school should be bothered with a particular class of breakfast for one section of the children. It would make the others dissatified and would bring the school more to the class of the pauper and the Workhouse. He had no objection to one school doing it, or to all for that matter, but he had an objection to putting in force an Act that would put a large staff in the schools to provide free breakfasts for the children of lazy people. Mr. JOLLEY seconded and contended that there was nothing in the local circumstances to justify the application. He submitted with all respect that the existing means of relieving real destitution were quite adequate. Whether they considered the Poor Law or the efforts of voluntary charity, in the present con- dition of the town there was no reason for the appli- cation. Further he contended that whether the question was looked at from the standpoint of the scientific sociologist or of the practical Christian worker, it was equally open to condemnation, because ' the net effect directly undermined or tended to undermine parental responsibility, and indirectly it was the means of pay- ing out of the rates a premium on drunkenness, laziness and profligacy. Councillor WILKINSON did not agree with Mr. Jolley that provision was made to the fullest extent for destitute people. When children were ill-fed it was the duty of the authorities to endeavour to build up ' their constitutions so that they might be able to bear the mental strain of education. When they had adopted the Act they could hold meetings to consider the course that they were going to take. They had their remedy always, for if they found that drunken parents who were in work and able to keep their children did not ; provide for them, they could take steps to have the money refunded. I Mr. FL ROBERTS said he could not conceive any reasonable objection fro the adoption of the Act. The time would come when those who were responsible for patting it into force would have to decide whether to put it into force or not. It would be quite time then to discuss the objections. Alderman Bolton, who moved the amendment with a remarkable absence of logic or anything else, made certain objections which were characteristic of his usual style of argument. Beyond all controversy, there were in every populous district a number of children who were sent to school in a condition thoroughly unfit to receive education. Mr. JOLLEY: Through whose fault? Mr. ROBERTS: The question as to whose fault it is does not enter into the consideration of the subject at all. Mr. JOLLEY: It ought to. Mr. ROBERTS : That is just the point where we differ. The child in the first instance has a right to be fed. As to who is responsible for feeding it is another matter. You talk about interference with parental responsibility. You are doing it every day of the week. You interfere with parental responsibility when you require the parent to send his child to school. Why shouldn't he hive as much right to keep the child away from school as to starve it ? If he has a right to starve it physirilly, he has a right to starve it in mental requirements. There is no logic in saying he can send a child to school with an empty belly when he cannot keep it away from school if he wants. Continuing, Mr. Roberts pointed out that the Act was permissive and if they got power to use it, then would come the time for those who pro- posed its adoption to show a concrete case. The Act would loin the authorities to bring home the reap'.ncihitity of parents far more satis- factorily than at the present time. What did they depend on with regard to the punishment of parents who neglected their children? A voluntary association .unnorted by public contributions. It was quite tree that the law helped them in the matter. but who bad to net the law into operation ? The officers of the N.S.P.C.C. That was the institution which this great country of ours depended upon almost absolutely

CRICKET. WARRINGTON GUARDT kNi AND OFFICIALS v. 'NM' W. H. PODMORE'S XL—Considerable interest centred in this match which was played at Arpley on Thursdaf i afternoon, the nroceeds being devoted to the annual 1 ; prizes for the children at Padgate Cottage Home 1 The Guardians had the assistance of Frank Harry, the I Lancashire County player Scores : GUARDIANS. MR. PODMORE'S Xr. J. FL Constable b Pod- W.H.Podroore c JoneS 0 more H. Saville c Bate b Lowe 23 W. V. Turton b Saville 6 F. Hnrry cJ. Podmore C. Holt c Saville b i.,. bLowe Sergeant Knight V.P. b .T. Podmore b Saville Greening F. C. Yates b Lowe 5 J. W. Wells b Harr... H. Todd b Lowe l3 R. Lowe b Harry..... 0; H. Burke c Greening P. F. C. Bate not nut ... '4 Podmore W.C. Brookes hB. Lowe 0 Burke b Jones ......... l' J. Jones b Lowe S. Sutton b Lowe 0 Harry J. Thompson not out... 2 P. Knight c Bookes b 0 Constable , Extras ......1' Total 110 Total ...... 100 —......

IN CONSTANT FAMILY USE FOR OVER 100 YEARS. ATKINSON Sz BARKER'S ROYAL INFANTS' PRESERVATIVV• THE BEST FOR TEETHING, CONVULSIONS, RICKETS, WHOOPING COUGH, Bottles T/ri, 2/9, 4/6.

Births. EASTON.—On the 17th inst.,Rt Newton Cottagett,"` Cheshire, the wife of James Marshall Easton, Wrist° at-law, of a son.
