===== 0002601_19040709_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
S. FERNLEY, LTD., 71, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINUT ( WATCHES. CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
T. CLA.RKE, " A 6 a ithe6 —.MINER" OPPIOB, HARLIZSTOWN, Atte, stock a 0001) A iSORIMHNT of FANCY 4a....k,ti0nn:191S (Photo and postcard) also PURSHS an., In poem'. -r the At Psleyan and 9eneral Assurance Society. No ve TIZE ADDAMS, MARICHT STRUT. HARLBSTOWS.

COUNTY 13111-OUO.-1 OF WARRINUTON TO PAINTHRS AND DIECOICATOR9. The Building and Sites Corn mittae of the Mtucation Com- mittee of the Connell of the Borough of arrington is pr..- pared to receive TIONDSRS for the PAINTING and OLHAN- ING of Four Schools. Specilbations, Ac.. may he seen. and forms of tender and all further information obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor, Town 1-fall, on and after Tuesday next, the 12th Inst., at whin', p'ace tenders must he delivered on or before 2 o'clock on Friday, the 15th day of July The in- eat or any tender not necessarily accented. Borough Stu'vevor's Office, Ti-I, LONGDIN, July Bth, 1904. florout.th Surveyor.

T" IcINIPIRIc FURNISHING Co.. 300 AND 302, STOCKPORT-RD., r.-ON-M. (Corner of MILTONS STRUKT), MANORESTSR, NBWRR ORSIg NS, BITTER QUALITY CREAN( PRICES. and LOWER TERM Than any other house in Manchester, and, above all, the DEPOiIT IS QUITE OPTIONAL, In Mknchester and surrounding districts there are thousands of would-be purchaa u's who tremble at the idea of the Hire Purchme Svstern, OBSTINATE FRIENDS AND NERVOUS (LE- LA 'IONS will say avoid the Hire System. BUT WHY? ilecsuse they don't know THB EMPIRE FURNISHING CO. and their methods of doing business, and that they like to treat their cus- tomers as they would like to be treated ; and they DON'T ASK YOU TO SIGN ANY OBJEC- TIONABLE AGREIRMIINT. IiLSO BECAUSE, i TOU are ill, If you meet with an Accident, Is you lose your situation. Or have any other misfortune, THE F.MPIRE WILL SAY If you are unab'e to fonv we don't exnect vnu to pay ; and in no case do their customers ever lose the value of the money they have already paid. COME AND SFE WINN, YOU NEV) NOT BUY Catalogues of Terms are sent Post Free' or their Representative will call on receipt of Poet Card.

E M PILE, FURNISFTING CO., 300, STOCKPORT ROAD. pRN 9 a.m..to 9 p.m.; Wednesday, 9 ctn. Lo 1 p.m.

DELIVIMY and ORDER BOOKs Printed Bound. Numbered. and Perforated to Order. IXAMINER OFFICE,

===== 0002601_19040709_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
/ •

~............. i • ~.. „ 4 4 (f... 0. He 1 e• . 1,••• __ , , , T: : , ' . . . .., - l. I ' iinyk...;. tc, , L,, :ill '' ' . ' t 1441 . . 1 '.7: !' -. 6.l Ilk ''' 71 '• X Vill miner _.

No. 1316 ONE PENNY

SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1904.

THIS IS AN AGE OF SMARTNESS.

qv Vosr II 7% per Quarter 6s 6d per annurc is per Q..tarter creciiti

FO( YOUR HOLIDAYS.

CEIOICF, MILD LIPORT' D CIGARS.

PRICES PER 100 CARRIAGE PAID. Planters (full rize) Durbar 4 (medium size) l2/- Whiffs (503.11 s're) - EDMONDS & HARDING, CIGAR IMPORTBRS, 137, FBNCHURCH bTRBET, LOND3N, B.C.

JOHN WA LK & CO,

LXAMINfIR °FMB, WARRINGTON. BEWSEF STREF. , WARRINGTOF

SPECIAL facilities for PRINTING all kinds of EDUCATIONAL WORKS. PLACARDS. EXTRA LARGE SIZ E OUR speciality. ADDRESSE`I. Pamphlets. Secretaries Reports &c., printed in any size and quantity.

POSTERS A SPECIA.LITY. JOHN W ALKHR AND CO

FR ILMINkII OFFICR, WARRINGTON.

EXAMINER OFFICE,

RBVRHSIONB.—AII classes of Reversions bought ; quick completions ; loans arranged at low rates.—Mortgage aecarities wanted at 311 to 4t per cent. Business Transfer Agency.—T. SMITH WOR-LNY, 26 Cooper street, Manchester.

TNVHST3INtsIT OFFKRIti).—You can hear of one of the best opportunities of your life. Has earned over £l,OOO per day,net profits for eight years;will return 74 to 15per cent per annum, and is acre —H. Mazes, 9,oxford row Leeds.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. - MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUMS (NOT LESS THAN En), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY.

During the last 20 years the total amount lent by the undersigned

EXCEEDED £1,250,000!

- • He has received hundreds of unsol.cited letters of thanks, and has annually, for the past eight years. issued selec- tions from these in pamphlets, of which more than 300,0J0 copies have been printed.

l'rospectuses, terms for advanoeg, or any informatioa desired, will be supplied free of charge, on applioation, either personally or by letter, to :

GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, 31 A.NC HE 3 rim. BSTAB LIBH ED 1870.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY. £5 TO £IOOO. TO FARMERS. rILADWiIY RN, PROPRiiIONAL GHNTLE- MEN, HOTEL AND LODGING-ROUSH KREPHRS, and to all Responsible Householders Worthy of Credit, upon Note of Hand Alone, in any part of England or Wales. Loan £5 To Repay £5 15 0 £lO ~211 10 0 II £2O .• £23 0 0 „ £33 ~ £3lO 0 O 9 £5O £57 10 0 *9 it £lOO ~ £ll5 0 0 Extra Charges are made in cases where considered neces- sary. Larger amounts in proportion. Monthly or Quarterly Payments taken. Special Terms Arranged to suit Borrowers' Own Convenience. iitrictly Confidential Guaranteed. Letters will have immediate attention. Prospectus free on applica- tion. Call or write in cpnticience to the National Loan Society 41, Corporation st., Manchester. (Registered Office).

ADVANCES FROM £5 UPWARDS.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

THE EFFORT OF THE

MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT

IS TO PRODUCE SOMETHING SMART IN

CLOT FIN G FOR A LI. CLASSES.

THEY RESPECTFULLY SUBMIT IT TO YOUR JUDGMENT.

MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT.

S & 10, HORSFMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
PERSONS WANTING TEMPORARY CASH ADVANCBS

SHOULD NOTE THE ADVANTAGES OFFSRED AT

THIS OFFICE.

(1) THE DESPrITCH WITH WHICH ADVANCES ARV COMI-ATED. (2) THE SIMPLICITY OF PIIOIIISS3RY NOTES

;3) THE REASONABLE RATE OF INUREST CHARGED.

;4) NO FINES FOR ARREARS.

(5) REPAYMENTS ARRANGED To SUIT CON VENIENCR OF BORRowHRS. (6) NO BONDSMEN,OR SURSTIR REQUIRED. (7) ALL BUSINESTRICTLY PRIVATE. (8) NO APPLICATWN FRES.

APPLY PERSONALLY OR BY LETTER.

S. A UERBACH.

123. MOUNI' PL7AsAvT. LIVERPOOL.

LOANS GRANTED DAILY, ANY DISTANCE, FROM X 5 r 0 1.4000 FOR ANY IMMEDIATE WANT, Busmcss OR PRIVATE, also for purchasing or starting new business, on simple promissory note. No fines. All applications immediately attended to. Apply in confid- ence, personally or by letter, to THE STANDARD LOAN CO., 4, PARKER STEM'', WARM tiGTON. SPECIAL TERMS TO FARMERS. lIRAD OFFICE: 9, CORPORATION RT., WANCHESFER

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O. £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN. IPARMEIRS. WORKINGMHN, and all Respect- able Householders, on their own security, without delay, op your simple written pro-nise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLI4 DRAUNGS. RVRRy INFO RVI A.TIO N FR RRLY. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBRRS, WIDNR3. FOOT OF THE CENTRAL arenor.r. MANAGER : JO H N R. GOOD qIN. I k 741.1,

*- , £lO, £l5, £2O, £25, £SO.—ADVANCES c,..•1 MADE to ALL PERSONS WORTHY of CREDIT, on NOTE of HAND AT,ONE,

SPECIAL TBRMi FOR SHORT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit male by our Manager on same day of application who will grant you the money AT ONCE satisfactorv. NOTE :

THE BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., T 6.,9, FT AYIY)CK STREET NEAR HE MARKET PLACR NARLRQTO WN.

FROM £3 AVE) UPNAR,D. DONE FAIL TO GIVE 119 A CALL AND C9NVINCR YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWFC-IT INTEREST ND LOWEST RATH OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable is 6d weekly £2O repayable 7e 61 weekly. £5 „ 2i 0d „ £5O „ 17e 6d „ £lO „ 3a 6/1 ~ £lOl „ 395 6 „ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEICING; apply In con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO.. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGF.RRSS, Miss OOTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. HOURS, 9 arnto 9 ptn. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTE ,Tni.4o To

N 1 0 N CREDIT— BANK. LIMITED I Established 1838. Registered Canital. £llO,OOO. HEAD OFFIOR : 38, REN4stw-gI'REEr LIVERPOot. Advances made from £5 to £5,t00 upon personal security. Deeds, Shares, Policies,Reversinns Annuities. .te. £lO Repayable ss. weekly. Entire Interest,., £0 14s. 94. £5O „ 20s. „ „ £3 8. Od. £lOO „ 435. „ ~ „ £6 15s. 'ld. Other sums proportionately. Bills discounted. Also ad- vances for fled periods. SHARES bought and sold for customers—Further particulArs on applicAtion, ne,onallv or by letter. Tel. 2438 Royal (Liverpo)l). RICHARD' DAVIRS, Mansiter.

ESTABLISHED OVHR FORTY YEARS. B. lI4RRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE S TREM'. CH ESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £II to £l.°OC. ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. D A -11 T 1 E wishinsz for temporary CASH ADVANJES should note the advantages offer.d, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED TYE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING To RISK. THE WRITTEN GtIARINTER OF STFOCTEST PRIVACY THE SYSllltd OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVtiNIENT TO THIS BORROw ER. THE ABSENCE OF ALL lo WES. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED. AND THE TRANSACTIONS AR'4: NOT PUBLISHED IN ANY NE'VsPAPRE OR GAZIITTE. ABSOLUTE SVCREnY OEISERVRD. APPLICANTS it ICOR IVii I VIM IC MATE ATTENTION. IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent C3lles a Reoresrntative mill call personally upon applicants ant Complete the transacti,ms at their own homes or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known. and my reputation stands nnrivalled.

MONEY! MONEY ! ! MoNO*.Y ! ! ! £5 TO £lOOO. To each and eve,yone a heirly incitation Is offered before going elsewhers to call or write to m. in con- fidence and cmvince yourself 'At mine is the lowest interest and lowest rate of reisaymr.nt in ‘lngland Th s entire charge £5 to reps)/ £5 6s. Oil. £lO to repay £l2 Os. od. £2O „ £24 Os, Od. £lO „ £3B Os. Od Larger suing i..rmortionately. rYo booa-fi 4oulication . refused. For honourable ,sad straightforward dealing apply at once to I.SHNNINOS Manager(orifato house),9, k.CADRNIY- ST.. WARRINGTON. No delay. Strictest priv icy whether business done or not. Cash delivered on day of application.. Distance no object.

ADVANCES £3 TO .£SOO.—DoN'T PAY FEH.S As those Offices who ask for fee.,will only pooket your fee and refuse Ma advance. NO FEIN OF ANY KIND CHARG Ei ED. NO JURITI REQ,TIRHO. No RESPRC r- ABLE APPLICATION refused. NO FINES IF UNABLE to pay for a few week! through illness (Sr being out of work. HONEST and STRAICfIiFOetWAED dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to suit applicants. Apply and he convin .ed to the—Manager, J. CALVERT, CLAUGHTONICH AMBERS,I. CLAUGHTON (sTitul4l. npnn.ute Or. Knowlea) ST. FTRIANs.

IMPORTANT ANNerINCRMENT TO THE PUBLIC. wR ARE PRRPARRD TO GRAvT SPECIAL TRRvS TO ALL PRENON3 BORROWING MINRY FROM US. Do NOT 14 ESITATE. BUT WRITE AT ONCE. WHEN OUR MANAGER WILL 'ALL UP3N You AND GRANT You THE AMOUNT You REQUIRE. NOTE THE ADDRESS :3

I, EAST STREET (NEAR THE COUNTY COURT). Sr. HRLIMS. Established th. last Century.

, s /

I

i 14 / I'. 1, i I .

===== 0002601_19040709_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. -

MIMI

===== 0002601_19040709_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
INCOAPORATED SOCIETY OF MUSICIA,NS.

Local Practical Examination.

The following is a list of the candidates who were awarded certificates at the examination held at War- rington on July sth, 1904. The examinPrs were : Thomas Hutchinson Esq., Mug, D. Oxon of Darlicgton and C. Morton Bayley Esq., Mus.,B., Dunelm, F. R. C. 0., of Wrexham. GRADE Two (HoNourts) :—Edith Wood (PO, (Miss E. Bentley), Penketh School (Miss W. E. Brown 8.A.) GRADE Two ',PAss) :—Muriel Bibby (Sg), (Miss A. Sutton); Josephine Broome (P 1 High School (The Misses Partington) ; Francis Jolley (Pf), High School (The Misses Partington) ; Annie Kenyon (Pf), High School (The Misses Partington) ; Edith B. Partington (Pf), High School (The Misses Partington). GRADE ONE (HONOURS) :—Alice P. Escolme (Pf), (Miss E. Bentley) Penketh School (Miss W. E. Brown 8.A.) ; Beatrice Ewart (Pf), High School (The Misses Partington) ; Annie Hignett (Pf), High School (The Misses Partington; ; Hilda Nelson (Pf), (Miss E, Bentley) Penketh School (Miss NV. E. Brown 8.A.) GRADE ONE (PASS) :—Elsie Bennett (Vn), High School (The Misses Partington) ; Gladys Pierpoint (Pf), High School (The Misses Partington) ; Bertha Robertson, (Sg), (Miss A. Sutton) ; Elsie Wilkinson, (Vu) (Miss E. I. Birchall). PREPARATORY GRADE (HONOURS) :—Eliza Howard -(Pf), (Miss E. Bentley), Penketh School (Miss NV. E. Brown, 8.A.); Gladys Joynson (Pf), (Miss E. I. 'Birclutll) ; Mabel Payne (PO. (Miss E. Bentley), Penketh School (Miss W. E. Brown, B.A) ; Dorothy Whitlow (Pf), High School (The Misses Portington.) PREPARATORY GRADE (PASS) :—FlonCe M Carr .(Pf), (Miss E. Bentley), Penketh SchoOreftliss NV. E. Brown, 8.A.) ; Muriel K. Fraser (PO, (Miss E. Bentley), Penketh School (Miss V. E. Brown, 8.A.) ; Dorothy Legge (Pf), High School (The Misses Partington).

===== 0002601_19040709_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DANGER SIGNAL.

A red flag is recognised as a danger signal on every road. But there are other danger signals,many of them not so apparent as a red flag, though they betoken worse dangers that are to be met on any road, even in these days of swift motors. When your palate, like the man with a red flag on a railroad, stands at the entrance to 'your throat (so to speak) and waves off every mouthful of food he sees coming down the hn, what does that portend? Why, danger—a very real present clinger, which must be got out of the way with as little delay as possible or disaster will result. It is now little more than six years since such a danger as this threatened Mrs. M. Frond, of 19. Edgar- street, Bromley-by-Bow, London, E.—had, in fact, been threatening her for a long time. In her letter, dated March 29th, 1904, Mrs. Frond says: "'Food used to cause me pain and tightness across the chest, and very often pain in the back, between the shoulders, as well. Wind was a constant trouble to me, and I was seldom free from headache. I had always a sickly feeling, and sometimes a cold fluid would rise into my mouth, causing a sinking sensation at the stomach that was -very distressing. These symptoms, together with fre- quent attacks of dizziness, proved that my complaint was indigestion and biliousness. At last my health became so bad that it was only with the utmost difficulty T could get through my housework. "From time to time I was attended by a doctor, but be did not succeed in giving me any permanent relief. 'Not until I began to take Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup did I find my condition improve. That wonder- ful medicine seemed to go to the very root of my trouble, and I was soon on the high road to recovery. 'One by one my troubles disappeared, and soon I was able to announce, with perfect truth, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had completely restored me to health. At this moment I am as well as ever I was in my life." Forcing food down—which is what some people do— is worse than useless. The best work is willing work. When Mother Seigel's Syrup has set the stomach right we don't have to force food down any more; the appetite craves it, the stomach is ready for it, and the danger signal is hauled down.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLF.

THE MERSEY CLUB.

The fourth qualifying round for a prize presented by the Captain was played last Saturday and resulted in a win for Mr. J. Moore Murray. Scores : Gross H'cap Net. 90 ... 16 ... 74 86 ... 11 88 ... 13 .... 96 ... 18 .. . . 82 .. 87

J. Moore Murray T. Miniati C. R. Adamson W. S. Knowles H. Hatton H. P. C. White W. Greenhouse

~. 75

76 77

85 ... 8 101 ... 18 102 15

MERSEY LADIES' CLUB. The fourth round for a prize presented by Mrs. Whit's resulted as follows :

Gross H'ottp Net. .108 ... 13 ... 95 131 ... 35 ... 96 111 ... 14 ... 97 121 ... 19 ... 102 151 ... 44 ... 107 147 ... 6 ..,. 141

Miss F. H. Jeans Miss M. Tinsley Miss A. Daunt Miss E. D. Jeans ... Miss Bolton Miss A. K. Jeans .

MANNERISMS OF GREAT CRICKETERS.

The habits and mannerisms of cricketers are often interesting, and sometimes not a little amusing (writes E. H. D. Sewell in" The King.") Many a bowler when hit for four,stands on one leg and looks at the spikes of his delivery boot, while the policeman is sending back the ball and losing his helmet in one and the same action. This artful attempt at blind is really so thin, it is very nearly time some bowler thought out some- thing elsc. When I first had the honour of playing with W. G. Grace, I could not help noticing how he. when telling his side the order of going in, invariably said, "Cane in third or seventh wicket down," or whatever was your place on the menu. Force of habit. All his life he had been in the habited seeing the rest of his side come to him at the wicket, so that he never like every captain in the world does, made use of the verb "to go." Another bowler I wot of when he is being punished goes to and quite scrupulously examines the ground where his delivery boot comes down, and then, looking at the sole of his boot, picks off every- thing round the spikes down to a blade of grass, and also in an affectionate sort of way taps the ground with his foot where he comes down as he delivers the ball before he goes hack to deliver the ball. Anthony of Notts strikes all sorts of quaint attitudesafter delivery, whether the ball has beaten the bat or not; while who has forgotten the "My word! "attitude of poor merry little Johnny Briggs as he saw a ball fizz past the bat and just miss the ash wood?

===== 0002601_19040709_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Artist and Teacher.—Mr. G. F. Watts, R.A., will long be held in affectionate regard for the way in which he has helped us by his pictures to realise that death is not anevent which we ought to regard with dread whether for ourselves or for others. This is a mstter in which I most of us have something to learn from Cicero, whom we are accustomed to regard as a pagan. He was con- sinced that death was the gate of life, the beginning of that which is alone worthy of the name of life, and Mr. Watts has assisted us to feel that Cicero was right. There is no King of Terrors in his paintings which present to us death as the merciful and benignant friend. His grave and earnest purpose is indieated in "Love Triumphant" where the victory over Time and Death is portrayed, and in many other works he places both Love and Death on a level very different from that of the majority of the old masters. Among other services to his country he has presented to the nation a repre- sentative selection from his best works. As he himself said, his intention was not so much to paint pictures that charm the eye, as to suggest "great thoughts that will appeal to the imagination and the heart, and kindle all that is best and noblest in humanity." I Mr. Watts on Drink and Gambling.—The eminent I painter seldom missed an opportunity to condemn the Igambling spirit which has taken such a great hold upon Society. Betting and drinking he said would lead to national degeneration, and these vices were even more in evidence in the upper than in the middle and lower classes. No one ever disgusted Mr. Watts more than the young girl who talked to him at dinner of her suc- cesses in playing Bridge, and of the money she had won at cards. To him, the desire to enrich oneself at the , cost of another's loss, was dispicable, in the extreme, and he never hesitated to express his strong opinion upon what he regarded as the two great evils of our time,—gambling and drinking. Eastwell Park.—Eastwell, near Ashford in Kent, where the King spent the week-end on a visit to Lady Gerard, is where the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh passed the early years of their married life. Their eldest daughter, now the Crown Princess of Roumania, was born there, and Princess Beatrice, the youngest of their children was also born there in 1884. The Duke never cared much for Eastwell, as he was of a decidedly economic turn of mind, and found the place too large and expensive to keep up. It now belongs to Lady Gerard, the widow of the second Baron Gerard, and her son, the present peer, will come of age a few months hence. Society Scribes.—Lady. Marjorie Gordon whose marriage takes place on the 12th of this month is one of tbe most accomplished women writers in Society. When still only a child, she edited that bright little paper for children called "Wee Willie Winkie, and her clever I play entitled "The Fortunes of Nigel" was very favour- ably received. Amongst other well-known women who are contributors to literature are Lady Clementine Waring, who also entered upon editorial duties whilst still a school-girl, Lady Warwick, and the Duchess of Sutherland. Lady Sarah Wilson it will be remembered I acted as war correspondent in South Africa, and Lady I Colin Campbell, Lady Jenne and Lady Violet Greville, all rank as leading lady journalists. Holidays on the Motor Car.—Such is the affection which some people have developed for the motor car that one sometimes hears them say that they never go by train now. The last time they did so, they will go on to tell you, was on such and such occasion, months ago. It is amongst this class of people that we may , expect to see the motor car much in vogue this summer, I for camping out tours. Many are arranging to spend their holidays in this way, taking a light camping out- ' ftt,and mapping out their tours independent of hotels and regular stopping places. For such a purpose the car has obvious advantages over the old caravan, which was altogether too slow for the majority of people. The motor is more self contained, whilst it can easily • travel 50 or a hundred miles a day thus enabling the I party to spend their time in constantly varying sur- ronndings. Lord and Lady Dudley.—Lord Dudley has been a motorist for many years, but the most experienced ill the management of cars.sometimes meet with accidents, , and His lordship appears to have had a narrow escape from injury the other day. He was ascending a steep hill when the gear gave way, and the car commenced to run backwards. This is even a worse predicament than a runaway car, and Lord Dudley could only turn it into I the bank with the certainty that it would be violently bverturned, though fortunately this happened without • causing serious injury to the !occupants, Lady Dudley is also a keen motorist. She was a Miss Gurney,coming from the well-known family of Quakers, and bankers, and became the adopted child of the Duke and Duchess of Bedford. Her wedding made a great sensation and Lady Dudley is still one of the beauties, as well as one of the most charming hostesses in society. Lifting the Summer Frock.—The short skirt of serge or tweed is the choice of a few independent spirits. but the exquisite linens, muslins and taffetas, are the vogue, for summer gowns. All these of course have the trail- ing skirt, and the brief and partial reign of the gown that clears the pavement seems to have made us more awkward than ever in the general mode of carrying the I dress. This is an art in which the Frenchwoman excels, I but which we seem unable to emulate, and one sees many distressing and inelegant illustrations of the fact in the parks and fashionable resorts. One woman will clutch as much of her dress as she can, and bunch it up in a heap in front, letting her underskirt attend to itself. Another will boldly hold up both garments on one side, and display an undu/amoimt of hose. Still more inele- gant is the method of holding up the dress on both sides with the hands resting on the hips. This is known as the market woman style, and gives a comical appearance even to the most stylish attire. The best way of carry- ing the summer frock—audit depends a great deal upon this for its success—is to lift it neatly on one side, free of the underskirt, and rest the hand there without any pronounced appearance of leaning on the hip. Tan Shoes for the Holidays.—For summer and seaside wear, tan shoes have carried all before their. At one time it seemed not unlikely that white canvas footgear would be the fashion, but this generally leaves an in- complete aspect to one's attire, and fortunately it has I not come, into favour. Tan shoes are also greatly affected by American women, both in their own country ! and by those on a visit here, and they generally take :.care that the colouring of the dress and shoes shall be somewhat in harmony. The fashionable Parisienne attaches still more importance to matching the colour of her toilette and footwear, but we give less attention to this matter, and as tan shoes are all the rage, the majority of girls wear them, independently of any such considerations. Belts.—New and stylish belts are every day making • their appearance in the shops. There are kid,swede and Ileather varieties, also the shaped pieces of gold and silver elastic, plain and embroidered. The waistband of the moment is well boned, and fastens high up the back, with quaint rosettes. There is a deep point in front which is also ornamented with rosettes, the centres of them being not infrequently filled with paste buttons. MADGE.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
A WATERY GRAVE FOR DOGS.

At Stockport on Wednesday, George Sanderson, an insurance agent. of Ann-street, South Reddish, was fined is, and costs for drowning a dog in the Ashton Canal. Last week no fewer than 83 carcases were taken out of the water, and numerous complaints had been made of the stench.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHARMING WEST COUNTRY. The GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY COMPANY mpur:ant additions to the facilities for travel to

have made

THE ROMANTIC THE GRANDEUR OF THE EXMOOR ENGLISH AND RUGGED \ ND BRISTOL CHANNELS. DARTMOOR.

THE CHARMING HILLS AND VALLEYS

SOMERSET 7K ND DORSET.

Full particulars can be obtained free on application to The Superintendent of the Line, Great Western Railway, Paddington Station, London JAMES C. INGLIS, General Manage

===== 0002601_19040709_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.

Our English climate is so exceedingly variable that it necessitates a greater number of garments being neatly packed away in our travelling trunks when we set forth as so many do at this season of the year to seek health and recreation at the seaside. One has to be prepared for all and every kind of weather from the scorching mid-summer's day which makes the lightest and finest of muslin gowns the only wearable garb to a chilly, bleak, or wet and cold afternoon when one revels in the cosiness of a warm serge or cloth costume and meditates seriously on the neces- sity of a fur necklet when out of doors. Hats and boots to meet the requirements of both exigencies must naturally be included in our outfit, while an intermediate costume of linen or crash preferably is a sine qua non. There are, however, such pretty ready-made skirts with material and trimming to be turned into a dainty bodice or a smart bolero that the last mentioned style of dress need not be viewed as a very serious or expensive item. A. girl of to-day, however, will find herself reAy in need

of a dress of this kind and can pick up some charming varieties at annual summer sales. I think, indeed, that these sales are a godsend to most girls whose dress allowance is not over large, for the last few years have seen the best of the summer after July. A pretty, simple linen dress is shown in my sketch. It is of pale sea-green linen with the yoke spotted with pale blue embroidered dots. The mode is a plain one, and the charming little toilette would be smart enough for town as well as country wear. Buff coloured linen is embroidered in white and pale brown and looks very smart worn with one of the soft kid belts studded with gold that are so fashion- able. A gold elastic belt embroidered with clear pale sea-green stone worn with a gown of this style excited my admiration as it clung so closely to the slender waist of the wearer, and the dull sheen of the gold looked well against the soft toned linen. Ido not fancy either that it was so expensive as the kid belt I previously referred to. Belts and buttons are quite a feature of smart toilettes this season, but both can be rather costly if one follows the leaders of fashion. The care- ful-minded can, however, choose the happy medium and regret alike the ultra costly and the rubbish. A set of pretty buttons for a blouse or dress makes an exceedingly accept-

,9 ,74 \rt ,( q. .(., ' Alt .!• ; A LINEN DRESS.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
ETTI," BLOUSE,

able gift this summer, and these can by bought in a pretty little velvet lined leather case which shows them off to advantage and gives the recipient some idea of how they will look against the background, of a similarly tinted blouse.

A charming blouse is given in my second sketch, the front of which would show off a set of dull gold buttons set with coloured stones to advantage. The blouse is of soft, thick , white silk with a yoke of piece lace of a pretty pattern and good quality. The sleeves are made in a fanciful fashion with a double pouf ending in a soft frill. The mode is a charming one and not likely to be imitated in the ready- made blouses. I always think that, however really one appreciates the advantages of the ready-made garment, one always prefers that its history remains in oblivion and hopes that the beholder thereof will imagine it is in reality made to order. Why this should be so it is impossible to say, for the fact that our clothes are ready-made does not mean they are worth- less or cheap. Still, womankind arb decidedly conservative in their leanings and dislike the idea that the make and mode of their toilettes is common_ property to be purchased at a minute's notice by one's next door neighbour should she feel so inclined.

ER HAT.

Millinery is, of course, much in one's mind in summer, and the very charming summer hat depicted in my last sketch shows the latest mode in this year's hats. It is particu- larly distinguished by the high jam-pot crown trimmed at one side by a cluster of pink and red roses, while a soft lace scarf is twisted carelessly round it and loosely knotted at the back, falling thence on to the shoulders. A stiff wreath .of roses is arranged across the front under the large up-turned brim. The hat in this instance is expressed in fine straw, but I have seen some very pretty models of the same shape made entirely of lace ar.'d trimmed solely by flowers. The high crown puts it out of the question for a tall woman to wear a hat of this mode as it would seriously increase her apparent height and will, there- fore, be welcomed by all those of short or medium stature. The hat with the low flat crown has become so generally worn that some ch,ange is naturally welcomed as a relief to the monotony. Flowers this year are very generally worn, and a pretty hat I recently admired was trimmed with hydrangeas and soft, dark violet colour velvet which har- monised with the flowers.

For a simple gown of pale blue serge, suitable for yqiChting and seaside wear, the skirt and coat are ornamented with small tucks and narrow rows of fancy braid, and the revers are faced with white silk. • The blouse is of white chiffon, with fall kilted I frills hanging out of the sleeves, and the hat is of pale blue chip trimmed with soft folds of white chiffon spotted with black. A plain parasol of white silk, edged with a. band of pale blue, is carried with this smart little costume, COQUETTE.

/ -,.. * ) t • • - . •-?. tt* it,S2 'I, , : • , ii . , i , , A PR

• 441 (4: M.Mr„, • _ ....- ---- - " -------N, • *--- - '-----i-.A.-_-_-• - - -•- ' - 1 kt - */ it / ( 1 ... . , 417 / .. . '.I ,4 .. / / . ..49' • A.:. ' :Ire . ' f • :71* . • '. >.X . / A SUMM

===== 0002601_19040709_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, July 9 1904• STORY OF 1 SONG. What I am about to relate occurred a number of &years ago, a short time after that popular song, "He Turned :Her Picture Toward the Wall," came out. I was then living at Branton, out in Western America, our family consisting of myself, my wife and two children, Mattie, aged . fifteen, and George, aged seventeen. We possessed an organ upon which my daughter played, George singing, Mrs Wilters and myself coming in in the chorus in regular country fashion. I was the musical enthusiast of the party, and while I did not like all the songs then extant, when one-did strike me I immediately mastered it. I went into ecstasies over this particular song, and whistled it in the wood- shed, hummed it in the parlour, sang it to visitors, neighbours, and friends. Many of these took the fever but mine was especially malignant, and the song haunted me for weeks after everybody else had caught on to something new. My wife cas-aally mentioned an asylum for lunatics several times a day. But I still repeated the song, and the first thing on rising in the morning, and the last thing on retiring at night. Then she expostulated, and ventured to hope that no more popular songs would come out for at least a year. I realised that my state was becoming alarm- ing. Something must be done, and immediately. "Mrs. Wilters," I said, "the thing shall be stopped." "But how, dear?" she queried, wearily. "I shall lock up the organ." Which I did; but the song still ran in my head. At last I collapsed. I was ill from an overdose of music. The doctor said I would recuperate after,a few days of rest, but upon my becoming convalescent I must refrain from all music. Right in the midst of this mental tribula- tion something happened. Mrs. Wilters staggered into my bedroom, one morning, her eyes as large as saucers, and exclaimed : " Sam Wilters, every picture in the parlour is turned to the wall !" "Yes," chimed in George, "and the organ is unlocked ! " "And pa," added Mattie, "the organ stops are open where you play 'He Turned Her Pict ure.' " Instead of throwing me into a mental fever, this information did the reverse, it broke up the musical trend of ray thoughts. "Reverse every picture," I commanded. "Lock the organ and fetch the key to me." I was obeyed. Then I said— " George, go and fetch my gun from the attic." "Oh!" gasped My wife. "Yes, I will sit here in bed, armed, and at the first approach of danger leap from it and shoot the person who is perpetrating this joke." "But you are too ill to think of anything of the kind," expostulated my wife. "I shall need only to step from the bed and fire. Pity if I cannot sing a popular song! We'll see about it!" "It will be murder," said Mattie, with tearful eyes. "It won't be murder! It'll simply be defence against a burglar. See?" They all saw; and as I was master of tilt. house and thoroughly aroused to the situa- tion, it was decided that I should go on picket duty that night. "Mrs. Wilters, you will retire to the chamber above," I ordered at bedtime. "And Mattie, you can accompany your mother. As for you, George, get a cudgel from the wood- shed, and become a sort of body-guard to me." As night set in the darkness in the rooms became intense. Not a flicker of light any- where; just total darkness. George sat in the parlour behind a case of books containing poetry, prose, and enough dictionaries to scare an ordinary burglar out of his wits. .I sat bolt upright in bed, my back resting against the headboard, my trusty gun in my hands. The clock struck, one, two, three. The sound of the bell had scarcely ceased when a loud noise came to my ears. Striking a match, I peeped into the room where George was sitting. He was fast asleep, and his falling cudgel had awakened me. I lighted the lamp and stared at the pictures. "George!" I shouted. "What, father?" he cried, starting from his chair. "See!" He staggered back. All the pictures were again turned toward the wall, the organ was unlocked, and my favourite stops were out!" George stared at me. I stared at George. "What does it mean, dad?" "You slept!" - "But you were on guard?" "Yes." "And did you sleep?" "I think not." "How came.you here then?" "The falling of your cudgel aroused me." "From sleep." "Perhaps." Mattie and her mother soon appeared on the scene, but none of us could offer a solu- tion to the mystery. Daylight came. The organ stops were replaced, the organ relocked, and every picture righted. The next night Mrs. Wilters and myself were to go on guard, she to remain in the parlour, as George had done the night previously, and I in bed, as I was not quite strong enough to remain up. At midnight the house was again quiet, Mrs. Wilters on guard. I heard the clik strike twelve, then one, and— My hair stood on end. A scream came from the parlour. Hastily lighting a lamp, I beheld Mrs. Wilters standing in a corner, swinging a stick frantically and screaming. "Eleanor, what in Heaven's name are you doing?" • "You nearly frightened me to death!" she gasped. "I?" - "What did you fire at?" "I had discharged the gun, and it lay smok- ing against the footboard, the looking-glass having a round hole through it. "Did I fire?" "Did you? Mr. Wilters, to-morrow night Mattie shall be on guard, and neither you nor your gun can frighten her!" "Great Heaven, see!" Every picture was again turned toward the wall, and the organ was open! "Eleanor, what mystery is this?" My wife was speechless. Just at this moment George and Mattie appeared. "Father, we will try it to-morrow night, and failing, we'll call in the police to watch for us," George said, when the situation had been explained. And so once more the pictures were turned back. "I prefer a revolver to a cudgel," Mattie said stoutly. Thus armed we again awaited events. Singular that I should hear the clock striking every night toward morning! But so it was. It struck twelve, then one, then two, and— I leaped from bed. Mettle was firing her revolver rapidly, the light revealing her in an attitude of .despair. "Well, Mattie, what have you hit?" "Nothing!" she said doggedly, throwing her smoking revolver into a corner. "Oh, yes, you have You- ve shot four holes through my new picture." As we came back to a normal condition of mind we found that all the pictures had been reversed as before. "It is terrible !" said Mattie. "But why did you shoot?" "I heard footsteps." "Whose?" "I do not know." "Leave me. to watch to-morrow night," said my wife, determinedly. "Well and good r we will !" I answered. When the fated hour came Mrs. Wilters commanded— "Mr. Wilters, yen will now retire as usual." I retired gun in hand. "George—Mattie—your father has gone to bed. We will retire. Come!' The three left the room, going to the spare chambers above. What it meant I had no means of knowing at the time, but it all came out afterward. When I , fell asleep they returned to the sitting room, each holding a revolver and a dark lantern. Mrs. Wilters was at the head of the undertalting, her idea being to flashst bu the ll' usn uo ipsoen. tahne dparloursti ouki

a person DC Cil•••;t: • •••; •-•LI —,••••ttwer. organ or the pictures, to shoot him. As usual I heard the clock strike twelve, One, two, and The next I knew the parlour was suddenly illuminated, and crack!, crack! crack! went the three revolvers. They had surprised the man in the very act of displacing the pictures, and after firing excitedly, rushed into the room. -"Great heaven!" cried my wife, fainting and falling. "Are you hurt?" gasped George. "We have shot father!" screamed Mattie, springing forward and clasping -me in her arms. Matters were soon righted. But if my bold warriors had not been too badly frightened to shoot straight, I should not be telling this story. It is all explained by the fact that I wae a somnambulist, and did these things in my sleep."

===== 0002601_19040709_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PSYCHIC NAME.

By the time Freddie Lawrence has made another million or two it would not be sur- prising if he endowed a school for the ad- vancement of clairvoyance. Yet six months ago you couldn't have found a greater scoffer at all forms of mysticism. The change came about in this way. Six years ago Freddie was one of some forty young men who wanted to marry a cer- tain young woman. All of Freddie's rivals seemed to have hopeless advantages inherited or acquired over him, and Freddie grew so dejected that he became even less attractive than usual. Then the young woman married him, though Freddie has been unable wholly to believe it ever since. Freddie's wife came to dance and talk and laugh with other men and accept Freddie with resignation. These other men were clever, most of them, or otherwise favoured of fortune like the thirty-nine rivals who had once driven Freddie to the brink of despair. Freddie would have thought sooner of sui- cide than of finding fault with her. The only wonder he had was that she hadn't found him out before. He lost weight rapidly, smoked black cigars to excess, spent thirteen hours a day at his desk, and had protracted fits of abstraction when time was worth very much money to him.

Also he struggled for a while against fate. The constancy and delicacy of his attentions might have won a princess. Then he complained to her reminiscently, and she did not understand and was annoyed. Then lie tried simple dignity. Then mute pathos. At the end he was seeing her auout twice a week at dinner.

One afternoon Freddie slammed his desk to and left his office in the middle of the afternoon because be felt if he didn't go out he would have apoplexy. He tramped about the streets for miles, hearing nothing and see- ing nothing and nobody until he ran into or over them.

For a man whom nobody had ever accused Of being sentimental or imaginative, Freddie was thinking queer thoughts.. He was won- dering if he should do some heroic deed—save a little child or an old man or half a dozen people—and was mangled or crushed (fatally perhaps) in the operation, whether when he was brought home by an admiring policeman and an ambulance surgeon his wife would brush back his hair from his forehead as she used to do. The picture was so pathetic that Freddie almost wept. - He might have wept bad his eye not been arrested at that moment by a remarkable sign on the ground floor of a house which he was passing. This was the sign The Only Greatest Veiled Lady Isis. Psychic, Palmist, Clairvoyant, . _ _ _

Past and Future Fully Revealed.- The Sepa- rated United. Lost Affections Restored. Valuable Advice on Love, Marriage, Health, Sickness, Divorce, Law- suits, Speculation, Business. Nothing Too Difficult. Freddie read the sign over two or three times. Then he picked out the clauses about the " separated" and the" lost affections" and dwelt on them. Then he looked up and down the street hastily, plunged into the corridor of the house and pulled the bell at the Veiled Lady's door.

A young woman with her hair in curl papers ushered him into a half darkened front room hung with Oriental looking and not particu- larly clean draperies. There was a stuffed baby alligator on a centre table, with some- thing burning in a bowl beside it which smelled bad, and various other outlandish but inexpensive bric-a-brac. "Now don't say a word," said the Veiled Lady as she appeared from behind a velours portiere. "You're in love, poor fellow, and .the lady is cold. Now, ain't I right?" Freddie started. There seemed to be sOme- thing in psychics. His funeral face relaxed a trifle.

The Veiled Lady was a jovial, fat little prophetess, and she seemed to like Freddie's looks. She took off her veil after the first formal moment and even offered to send for wine if Freddie‘wished it, and would provide the wherewithal. But Freddie didn't want any wine. He wanted clairvoyance. "Well, then, you tell me the whole story, dear," said the Veiled Lady, "and I'll go into a psychic state and fix ye up in a minute. You're a married man, ain't you?" Freddie started again. The Veiled Lady certainly was a wonder. He told her his story, omitting names and points of identifica- tion, of course, and the• most harrowing de- tails. It seemed more tragic and hopeless to him as he told it. But the prophetess surveyed Freddie'S personable figure and her black eyes flashed like matches. "I don't have to go into a psychic state for such an easy case," she said. You've just got to tell me one thing—the lady's first name." The lady's first name was Mildred. ' said the veiled lady, "just as I supposed. The whole trouble comes from your not calling your lady by her psychic name. She was named Mildred, you know, by mortals. Now her phychic name is—er— Flossie, and when you call her anything else you jar the astral influences—disarrange the auspicious conjunctions, you know. Isn't that plain? " Freddie regarded the phophetess with s strong and sarcastic eye. "Now, when you go home," she went on, "you watch your chance and call her Flossie. Not often—say once every day or two. And be sure and do it absent-minded like—as if you was thinking of something else, you know —because that gives the influences—well, you do it and see." _

--Freddie felt only a strong desire to get out in the fresh air and objurgate himself. "How much do I owe you?" he asked. "That'll be ten pounds," said the veiled lady, suavely. " Ten pounds!" echoed Freddie. "For the foolery you've been talking. Your card says half a guinea a reception, and that's a great deal too much." "That's all right about my card, dear," said the veiled lady. "This is different." She stopped and regarded Freddie searchingly. "You don't think my reading is worth ten pounds?" she asked. "I don't think it's worth a single shilling," replied Freddie. "Well, I'll tell you what we'll do then," , said the prophetess. "Don't pay me a single shilling now. You go home and try my scheme. Then come around next week and pay me just what you think it's worth. Is that fair? " Freddie didn't like the plan. He wanted to be rid of the veiled lady. He offered to compro mise for half a sovereign, then for a sovereign. He would have paid almost all she asked, finally, but the veiled lady pushed him gently to the door and out. She seemed to like the proposition the more she thought of it. "That's all right," she said. "You como round next week. But be sure and do it absent-minded, darling." Then she shut her door and Freddie made r sroresrel.e h e knew ft— " What the ehe was siel xse so wholly Nnvl 1:011i/I ys. for the open air. fd that in sheer despera- FrHedisdiewhifaednd'tintellie raetmhoFotoremnesdte intention of mak- , p unresponsiveit ng iroenscah ei pf ioaodl n ,soafabi nudidti " What have you been doing to-day, Flossie, dear?" Mrs. Freddie looked up with a suddenness that jolted Freddie. vn_.l any? " ftskocl.

"1 merely asked you wnat you n‘a doing to-day," sai,;. Freddie. Well, what," asked Mrs. Freddie, "did you call me?" She hadn't looked at Freddie with such in- terest for six Months. Freddie couldn't be- lieve his senses. _

"Why 'Mildred' I suppose, what else?" asked Freddie, lying without a quiver. Then in two dozen words she told him of her do- jugs that ART.

Two nighis later Freddie was dozing eti the library couch when his wife came home from a dinner. She passed by him and he put out his hand and seized her sleeve. "Hello, Flossie, dear," said Freddie, sleepily. • Freddie is a heavy man when he is sleeps; but she had him by the shoulders sitting up- right in less time than it takes to tell it. Freddie—Freddie Lawrence," she de- manded, her eyes and cheeks blazing and looking far more lovely than Freddie had ever seen her, "what have you been calling me? What do you mean by calling me Flossie? Who is Flossie, Freddie, dear ? "

Freddie lost his mind temporarily, but his soul expanded like a balloon, and the rest is sacred history. • The next afternoon Freddie was ushered into the Veiled Lady's sanctum.

"Well, birdie," ajsked that genial prophet- ess, "do I get my ten pounds? "You do;" said Freddie, handing her a note. "I might have sent it to you, but I wanted to come "—Freddie showed emotion—" and tell you that you're .all right."

The Veiled-Lady looked' at the banknote as a matter of business. It was a twenty pound one.

"You're all right, too," said the phophetess. "But, say, dear, don't you ever try that psychic name again. It wouldn't work."

===== 0002601_19040709_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON DRAUGHTS LEAGUE.

Annual Report.

The following is the annual report of the Warrington Draughts League. " The Warrington Draughts League was formed in 1897, for the purpose of promoting and encouraging the study and practice of the game of draughts, and consisted of the following clubs : Warrington,Cairo-street, Penketh, Padgate, Stockton Heath, and St. Barnabas. Mr. R. A. INaylor, Cuerden Hall, Thelwall, kindly accepted the , office of • president, to which he has been annually re- elected. Mr. Frank Dunne was elected chairman of Committee, with Mr. D. Plinston as secretary, and both have been annually re-elected. Mr. E. W. Clarke, Penketh was the first treasurer and ratained the office for several years. Mr. A. Perris, vice-president, presented a hand- some draught board and set of men to match,as a trophy for the first season's competition, and, after a contest carried on throughout with great zest, it was finally won by the Warrington Club, Cairo-street being a close second. The next season, 1898-9, Mr. W. Chalmers, one of the vice-presidents, presente I the League with a very handsome silver cup as a championship trophy, which has since been known as the" Chalmers" Cup. It was put 'up for competition conditionally that it became the property of the club winning it three years In succes- sion. The same clubs entered as in the previous year, and the competition aroused great enthusiasm among the players, and was very keen, finally resulting in victory for Cairo-street, with Warrington a close second, thus reversing their respective positions of the previous year. Cairo-street also won the next season's competi- tion, 1899-1900, Warrington again being second. The season folio wing, Warrington succeeded in carrying off the trophy, Cairo-street being second; and it was evident that none of the other clubs had much chance against either of them, and consequently interest in the competition was somewhat weakened, and one or two of the clubs dropped out. In 1901-2 Warrington were again victori- ous, and finally in 1902-3 won the cup for the third time in succession, and it passed finally into their keep- ing, in accordance with the conditions of the competi- tion. The League was now (1903-4) without a trophy, but the president, Mr. Naylor, generously came tl the rescue, and promised to provide a new one, and oppor- tunity was taken by the committee to extend the sphere of the League, by inviting works teams to enter. For the purpose of placing the clubs upon a more equal footing as regards playing strength, a list of some twenty of the best players was made out, and submitted to the committee, and a rule was passed that no club should include in any League team more than two players whose names are on the list. This important alteration of the rules infused new life into the League, several works teams joined, the composition of the League being as follows :—Warring- ton, Cairo-street, Padgate, Richmonds, Monks Hall S-. Co., Fletcher Russell and Co., and Crosfields. The new competition has aroused great interest in the town, and bids fair to widely extend the usefulness of the League. The playing strength of the clubs under the new conditions was at first an unknown quantity, but after half the season's fixtures had been completed it became evident , that the ultimate result lay betwoen Cairo-street and Richmond's and after a remarkably keen and interesting competition, Cairo-street came out the victors, and are again first holders of the new championship cup; Richmond's came out a close second. The new cup will be presented to the winners by Mr. Naylor at a meeting to be held at Cairo-street schools, the date of which is not yet fixed. Prizes will also be presented to each member of this winning team. The following table shows the complete scores : LEAGUE TABLE.-1903-4. Matches. Games. P. W. L. D. W. L. D. Pts. Cairo-street l2 12 0 0 ... 113 28 29 ... 21 Richmond's l2 9 2 1 ... 84 50 30 ... 19 Fletcher's l2 6 6 0 ... 66 82 28 ... 12 Warrington Padgate l2 4 7 1 ... 61 83 34 ... 9 Monks Hall l2 2 8 2 ... 62 82 26 ... 6 Crosfields l2 111 0 ... 43 110 20 ... 2 It may be of interest to note that in this season's competition each club played two matches with every other club, making a total of 42 matches played, in which a grand total of 594 games was contested. These consisted of 492 wins and 102 draws. The greater the percentage of draws the better the skill displayed; showing that in this respect there is plenty of room for improvement. In addition to the league fixtures, friendly matches were played with sevez al neighbouring towns. War- rington defeated Runcorn both at home and away ; won from Widnes away, but lost the return match at home, through having to play a weak team. Warrington also visited St. Helens and lost a close match by only one game. The return match has not yet been played. Since the formation of the League the standard of play has improved all round, and there is no doubt that future seasons will bring about a still further advancement.

- The Committee hope next season to enter a Warn i ng- ton team in the Lancashire County competition for the "Love " trophy, which carries with it the club's cham- pionship of Lancashire (this year won by Burnley), and trust that all lovers of the game will rally round and assist the League in its efforts to extend the popularity of the game, which is admittedly a highly intellectual recreation, free from gambling, and well worthy the support of the thinking public. IF DUNNE, Chairman. Signed -; D. PLINSTON, Secretary. W. WARBURTON, Treasurer.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
UNDER DISCUSSION AGAIN.

CURE OF RHEUMATISM BY DODD'S KIDNEY PILLS BRINGS UP A FAVORITE TOPIC.

Rheumatism and its cure is always an interesting itudy. and in this connection a story comes from Nor- folk that is well worthy of consideration. It tells of the complete cure of a bad case of Rheumatism by Dodd's Kidney Pills. The story as told by the patient, 'Mr. W. G. Davey, Old Tower, Barnham, Thetford, is as follows : _ _

"I was a martyr to Rheumatislr? caused by working in a river bed, and by further work in damp surroundings I aggravated the Rheumatic pains which struck me across the loins. This worked up into my shoulders and arms and the pains were so severe I could not rest at night. My limbs were swollen at the joints, my fingers were all drawn up in the palms of my hands and I was perfectly helpless. As I was only twenty-one my outlook was extremely ill. "I was advised to try Dodd's Kidney Pills which I did, and got relief from the first dose, and after taking four boxes was able to go to work. I rapidly put on flesh and have not had the least sign of Rhennuktism

A TRAGEDY OF' UNREQUITED LOVE. An inquest was held at Leominster on Thursday, on Arthur Matthew, footman who shot in the back a fellow-servant named Nary Sargent, with whom he was in love, and then fatally shot himself. The'girl Sargent has now recovered from her injuries. From the evi- dence it appeared that the recent 'death of Matthew's mother and his unrequited love preyed on his mind to such an extent that he refused food, and said he was going to die.

PLAGUE OF BEES AT PENDLETON. 1 A swarm of thousands of bees buzzed for the greater part of a day round a Pendleton lamp-post. Scores were killed by children,and many wandered into houses in the vicinity.

Cost 1/--SaMe 10/- Wood-Milne Prevent Nerve Jar ant Fatigue and Double the

Revolving HeelsCreatef Ccnifoi

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS. liegiatted NO. 40,a76. O MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used In the "loyal Laundries. . a 5 S Should he used In every housde. Once tied, lw. trAl fa" MAKES OLD LINEN W....- , greatest boon ever off ere d to the Laundress Ritz._ .a parting an Ivory is 'Dish tot4tatchedLinen.Laces,e,G It does not stick to spider-web-like maOrials. s°l' everywhere in Packets at Id., 3d.. and 6d.. WI" PREPARED ONLY BY T. ORITeHLEY. Chemist. 131-es,7 13 7, Whiter.."l,/ Drttb, LoLICIOD. al•—• wante

, ~, , 6.. - • Ihe ,st, br im-

===== 0002601_19040709_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENTS OF THE WEEK.

THE WAR IN THE FAR EAST.

At the time of writing the situation in the .Far East appears to have suddenly contra- 'dieted itself in the most remarkable manner. Last week the Japanese after a hard fight of some days took the Motienling Pass and the 'Taling Pass, which have, as the key positions to •Liaoyang, been 'their objective • for some time. And directly afterwards 4 'Comes the news ...that they have alien back again 'before General, 'Count Keller ' and evacuated ‘i 11114.11, 11( these great strategic points. • 'C 0 n fi rmalion, . however, and an explanation .\\ •• A I is being awaited: 41. , And, in addi- f!j111 I tinn, comes the announcement of the beginning 'of the torrential luly rains which 'turn Manchuria into a series of rushing torrents and render comparative small streams impassable.- This makes it appear that Liaoyang must be taken at once or not for some time, and this makes the Evacuation of the passes, if true, all the More difficult to understand. In the mean- while the Japanese are reported to be within the outer ports of Port Arthur and gradually drawing nearer their goal. Marquis Oyama, ' the new Japanese Commander-in-Chief, who is 1,0 take supreme charge of the operations in alanchuria, has left Japan and will direct all 'the armies in their great eornbined strategic iiievement, for which they have been pre- Paring ever since the outbreak of hostilities. At sea the Russians, though held in check by Admiral Togo, seem not only to have the Passage into Port Arthur comparatively free, but also to have got a far _larger proportion of their original fleet than was expected into fighting order. But Admiral Karnimara, on "the other hand, is reported to have got into touch with Admiral Skrydloff off the islands south of Korea after several weeks of watch- ing and waiting. But everything must be taken with a grain of salt, as most of these rumours come via St. Petersburg, whilst the Japanese cables are conspicuously silent, a fact which so far has .as a rule proved nnlinous for Russia.

uar-,‘ A)

MARSHAL OYAMA.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF A FAMOUS ARTIST.

2 The world in common is much poorer t0:.',437 :.',437 by the death of the famous artist, Mi. P.. Watts, who, at the ripe old age of 87, Passed away after a life, it can be said, of clean, honest work, and of duty faithfully d„one. It was when Queen Victoria ascended the throne that Watts exhibited his first Picture in the Academy. Born in London in ,1817, he practically taught himself the technique of his art. Entering the Academy schools he quickly found that the accepted inethods of the time could teach him little. Re entered for the cartoon competition which :I'as held in 1842 for the purpose of obtain- Ing the best designs for the decoration of the th.en, newly-erected Houses of Parliament and 011 the prize of ...f.,300 with his cartoon of Caractacus." A third competition was litered by him, and again he was successful 1,!1 carrying off the prize of .Lsoo for his Alfred." And this success brought him a commission to decorate one of the halls of

..3e..:, 4,.., ',.. •-•,.. '''' . • ..e i .V;4. ' rt s\* • 4.. • • ,_74c.2.67 'V'•,' , • A 'il r ~ i, -----, /- \ ' , ,( A.--. / 1 I 1 ii i '..,.: .. 1 / 1I I 1 111 il OP4 1 7 ///p/ \' ; \ / 7/ , / '‘

===== 0002601_19040709_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. G. F. WATTS, R.A.

'the House of Lords, which he completed in 1859 with the fresco of "St. George and the Dragon." He was made an associate of the Academy in 1867, and in the same year the Royal Academy, entirely of their own free will. advanced him to the honour of a Royal .Academician, and Was the only painter to refuse a baronetcy. Once a ,week he threw Open his collections of paintings at Little 1-I.olland House. He was not a Socialist, but his views on social questions generally were 'narked by the breadth which characterised his religious b(liels-.. Watts loved pomp and :ceremony merely because he liked to see beautiful things. Of late years Watts lived .the simple life at the beautiful house he built 111 Surrey, near Guildford, and which he a,,Ppropria:tely named with the quaint title of Limners' ezise." Here, with his wife, he Fevived the sold cn-ift of the potter, and 111structed the villagers in the making of pots. , priceless heritage has been given to the nation in the Watts collection at Tate Gallery. Here is the " Love and Life" :which' Watts himsolf prized above all hi 9 Works.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WORLD'S LARGEST SHIP.

Last week the largest 'ship in the world Liverpool upon her maiden trip. She is sql:e la test addition to the magnificent White 'ar Line and surpasses the previous . -eviathan, not only •of the world, but of .the •Tisine fleet, the "Cedric." by 3,000 tons. Baltic," in addition, is the . most corn- -I(3)rtable and up-to-date boat afloat and has len designed with a view to being as much e an ocean hotel as possible with the ;'aximum of accommodation rather than .-13,eed.- Being a White Star boat she was, of at se, built by 1\ iessrs. Harland and Wolff f Belfast. and in measurements she is 725 :et in length and feet in breadth, with a I.l4lght of 49 feet and a tonnage of 24,000. :r cost hos been a million sterling, and she ;ies three thouslrid passengers. For many rs, of course, the famous " Great Eastern" '''d the proud position of the largest ship

. ). -• „,,oni 9 et '7;174% :437.11,42. ...nit 7 ----- • .74

===== 0002601_19040709_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BALTIC.

afl„ lar-at, but in every way the "Baltic" is larger. The older vessel was in length 691 feet to the " Baltic's" 725, and N'e,s(l)o less in the tonnage, whilst the newer sel shows a speed ot seventeen knots to die. other's eight to fourteen only. In ad- bitll3n, the plates of the " Baltic " are far ap°,g,er, weighing from two to four tons 2rnst seven hundredweight and measuring vv feet by 44 to 10 feet by 3 feet 9 inches. ‘.lllen loaded to her Plimsoll mark, the great altic " weighs over 40,000 tons, which i3f°lll,l keep ber steady whatever the vagaries e* ht,he wind and the Atlantic. She has decks and everywhere is remarkably and airy. She is commanded by I:elitenant E. J. Smith, R.N.R., and Mr. H. eth,;l3°Yle, R.N.R., is chief of the great On''llest, which develop 13,000 horse-power. seve "le maiden trip the (I Baltic" carried. till jai well-known American millionaires, in- ing Mr. Pierpont Morgandi

===== 0002601_19040709_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVELY SCENES IN PABLULMENT.ths

Last week, after a curious period of apathy, the House• of Commons seemed suddenly to become galvanised into a state of excitement and action. For some weeks past the Opposition, mainly under the leadership of Mr. Asquith, with Mr. Winston Churchill

fighting in stren- uous guerilla .14k,a fashion and " infecting his un- official neigh- bours, has been attacking the Government with more vigour than previously, hiL.l and, in contrast, „,)! 1. , the Unionist .41‘) members divi- dedamongst 1)" themselves, / seemed daily to grow more 7 apathetic, which may be ascribed to natural reaction MR. T. after a long period in the majority, and the fact that a hundred or so do not intend to offer themselves for re- election, being tired of Parliamentary life. As the Liberals grew more determined, fighting with the old Parliamentary weapon of obstruction' the position of the Govern- ment, deserted by its friends, grew daily less secure, till the Premier found himself forced to take the drastic step of threatening to resign unless supported by a proper majority. Last week his followers woke up and accord- ed him the support he demanded, but with it increased the obstructionist tactics of the Opposition. The Licensing Bill was making no headway, and the Aliens Bill was being blocked word by word and phrase by phrase in committee, so Mr. Balfour announced his intention of applying the "guillotine," which means closuring a Bill by compart- ments. The result was that last Friday there took place one of the most heated and tumultuous sittings the House of Commons has seen for years, and many violent speeches were. made. Amongst them not the least so was Mr. T. P. 'Whitaker's onslaught on the Premier, accusing him of flinging knighthoods to his Manchester supporters and keeping the Cabinet under the control of the publicans. Mr. Whitaker, who is one. of the leading advocates of the Temperance movement, is Liberal member for the Spen Valley Division of Yorkshire, and has sat for the constituency since 1892. It looks as. though lively times were ahead before the prorogation, or possibly, the dissolution of Parliament.

/11 WHITTAKER,

===== 0002601_19040709_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE 'VARSITY CRICKET MATCH

The Cambridge team at Lords were un- fortunate in not being able to win the match against Oxford, as after outplaying their opponents at all points time stepped in and robbed t,em of what could be safely said an easy victory. The match will be remembered as a memorable one, inasmuch as the record score for a 'Varsity match was made by Mr. J. F. Marsh, this player beating Mr. R. E. Foster's total df 171 and then retired unbeaten. The Light Blues' display was a truly remarkable one, as, going in at the commencement of the Can-

tabs' second innings, he remained at the wickets till his captain declared the innings closed. Left with 495 runs to win the Oxford team had five hours and a half in

.4 .._ .., __ __ : : ... i / 0, \ , I i

===== 0002601_19040709_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OPPOSING CAPTAINS.

H. B. EVANS,

OXFORD.

MR. F. B. WILSON,

CAMBRIDGE,

Which to obtain them, and when at five o'clock half the side were out with only 1213 on the board there seemed a likelihood of the game being • brought to a conclusion. However, W. H. B. Evan, the Dark Blues' captain, as in the first innings, came to the rescue of• his side again, and by sterling but somewhat slow cricket staved off what seemed otherwise a certain defeat. He Made 86 not out, and easily proclaimed himself the most accomplished batsman of the match. For the result the Can tabs have themselves to blame, as slackness in the field when matters were going all their own way cost them dearly, and if Bird's chance to Napier had been accepted the match would very probably have been finished; as it was, it fizzed out somewhat tamely in an unsatis factory draw.

WARRINGTON V. LEVE'NSHULAIE.—The Warrington team gained a decisive victory on Saturday. Score :

-LEV ENSH WARRINGTON. J. K. Haybynes . L. 8 P. B. Hawtin c Ingham

H. B. Soiith blynes 1 b Richards - 38 R. S. Clark c Podmore b W. H. Podmore c Park-

Lynes ll inson b Simister l6 S. L. Manock c Podmore .._ T. Wright c Parkinson __. . _

_ b Übsdell l7 b Riclards J. Ingham lbw b Lynes 0 J. W. Bibby b Richards 0 W. Parkinson c and b G. H. Übsdell c Simis- Übsdell 0 ter b Norton 2l A. Norton b Lynes l2 J. Callon c Parkinson

J. Simister c Wright b

b Simister 0

Pod more V. Scott c Lynes b W. Richardson c Norton

Connor 9 b Scott 4 F. Richards not out 2 E. A. Connor run out... 6 W.llHallam c Hampson b Capt. Coke b Richards 0 Podmore Simister Extras

Total B9

To ti,l lBl

WARRING TON V. LEV ENSH ULM E (SECOND E LEVENS ). Played at Levenshulme on Saturday. Warrington bat- ting first put together 156. Levenshulme replied with 113 for the loss of eight wickets, the match ending in a draw. Score :

WARRINGTON. LEV ENSH ULM E. L.R.Connor b Chadwick 48 J. C.Nesbitt b Vhewlis 34 R. Pierpoint b Slater ... 4 B. Davies b Thompson 8 J.Thomp4on _l3 Chadwick 22 W. Fairbank c sub. b _ _ _ _ _

T.Houghton b Dalgleish 3 • Thewlis A. Thewlis lbw b Slater 20 T.S. cross c Plinston b E. Pierpoint b Slater ... 6 Thompson W.Hind not out l5 W. F.Slater c Barber b

C. D.Bromley b Stanion 5 Thewlis F.Barber c & b Fairbank 3 J. Dalgleish b Thomp- F. Plinston b Stanion ... 1 son Sub. b Cross

Extras

Total

156

son - 3 P. H. Stanil not out 3 F.Astley lbw b Thomp- son

Extras 7

Total (for 8 wkts) 113

WARRINGTON CO-OPERATIVE V. BIRKENHEAD CO- OPERATIVE.—PIayed at Arpley on Tuesday. Score : BIRKENHEAD. , WARRINGTON. Sutcliffe b Mann 5 McHugh b Gould ...... :i Woodhouse run out Bailey b Banner Higginbottom c Taylor b Kay b Bailey 1 Bennion l6 Manna Bailey b Gould 17 Gould b Banner

Collins b Banner 11 Bailey Whitfield b Banner 0 Bennion c and b Bailey 25 Collins c and b Banner... 0 Banner, jun., c Collins Howarth b Banner 0 b Gould 0 'Wallace not out 1 Kenwright b Gould ... 1 Hankinson b Banner Birch not out.. 0 Extras

Total SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. KNOTTY ASH.—Played at Knotty Ash on Saturday. Score :

_ KNOTTY Ash. SANKEY WIRE MILLS. T. G. Cobb b Gleave 7 F. Taylor c Lyon b J. W. Cobb b Gleave 2 Barley Barley c N. Cook b F. Burton c G. Cobb b Gleave T. Davies b Brough J. Cheshire b Brough E. Davies c Gleave b H. Clarke b Barley Brough Bainbridge b•Gleave 1 H. Brough st Lunt b Hutchinson b Gleave Overton c Hawthorn b W. Evans lbw bJ. Cobb 3 Brough Lyon b Brough Lunt not out

Lyon 6 N. Cook not out 1 P. Bladen c Overton b Barley Extras

Total 53 Total 92 ST RETTON AND APPLETON V. C ROSFIELD'S.—PIayed at Appleton on Saturday. Score : c ROS FIELD'S. STRETTON AND APPL ETO'N. E. W. Warren b Ellison 0 A. Jones c Whitfield b

T. Atherton c Moorfield Spensley b Shaw T. Whitfield lbw b Ellison 2 A. Johnson b Dargan.. 0 J. _Dargan c Smith b G. Hatton lbw b

Chandler H.Ford c Shaw b Chandler 6 J. Shaw h Dargan G.yodmore cA. Jones b J.MoortieldbDickenson 2

Shaw 8 J. Ellison b Dargan 0 T. Dixon b Chandler 9 D. Jones not out 0. Dickenson b Shaw ... 3 T. Norbury retired hurt 0 11. Newell c Chandler b P. Chandler b Dicken-

Shaw 0 son W. Spensley not out 0 C. Smith c Dargan b G. Wright c G. Hatton b Dickenson 0 Shaw Extras

Total

Total 2O

LATCHFORD BAPTISTS 2ND V. EDGE GREEN.-At Latchford. Southern hatted grandly for the home team. Score:--

LATCHFORD. EDGE GREEN. W. Southern b Jenkinson 59 G. Carnigan c Grounds S. Hazlehurst b Hesketh 0 b Hazlehurst P. Ford b Hesketh 0 F. Jenkinson c Hazle- C. Hackney b Jenkinson 10 burst b Ford 4 W. Bennett b Hesketh 11 H. Hesketh b Hazle- J. Stowell b Jenkinson... 5 hurst 1 W. Grounds b Jenkinson 4 R. Ball c and b Stowell 7 A. Allender b Jenkinson 2 J. Bradburn c Starkey F Shakeshaft b Jenkinson 0 b Ford A. Starkey b Hesketh ... 9 D. Cartwright c Hazle- j. Griffiths lbw b Hesketh 4 hmist b Stowell j. Grounds not out 0 J. Sproston b Ford ... 1 J. Carter c Griffiths b Stowell 3 W. Hesketh c Shake- shaft b Ford 0 J. Wilkinson b Hazle- burst 4 A. lace not out T. Shelborde c &I) Ford 0 Extras

Total . ll7

Total O6

WIDNES WHITE ROSE v. PENKETH.—At Penketh on Saturday, Score

WHITE ROSE. PENKETH. Wilcock c Davies b Davies o Owen b Hobson 8 Sadler Sadler c Cragg b Hobson 9 Hobson b Sadler .. Incelbw b Shoobridge ... 0 Williams c Teasdale b Hewitt c Cragg b Shoo- Hill bridge Bennett b Singleton 6 Shoobridge c Barber b Hill c Singleton b Sadler Hobson T. Barber b Hobson Teasdalt, b Hobson .x l5 Cragg bT. Barber 0 A. Barber b Hobson 0 Aylward b Barber 2 Davies b Shoobridge ... 11 Warburton not out Owen not out

T. Barber 2 Extras

_ Total

_ Total 6B

WARRINGTON POLICE V. LIVERPOOL POLICE BAND. —Plagfed on the ground of the latter, and after a plea- sant game resulted in A win for Warrington. For the winners P.C. Houghton captured 7 wickets for 28 runs. P.C.'s Newel and Burrows batted well for 18 and 13 respectively. Score : LIVERPOOL _POLICE BAND. WARRINGTON POLICE. _

P.C. Ursell b Houghton 0 P.C. Hollr;-nT-1; TiOim-e--; 6 P.C. Sellars b Houghton 0 P.C.Burrows b Holmer 13 P.C. Holmer c& b Hough- P.C. Houghton run out 0 ton 0 P.C. Stuart b Holmer 8 P.C. Ashcroft at Phillips P.C. Hayes c Norton b b Hayes lB Holmer P.C. Goss b Houghton... 6 P.C. Newey lbw Holmer IS P.C. Summersall b Hayes 0 P.C. Phillips c Holmer P.C. Clarke c Stuart b _ b Clarke. 10

. . Houghtan P.C. Walsh not out P.C. Rule c Whitbey b P.C. Jones b Holmer 1 Houghton 9 P.S-. Hollingsworth b P.C. Norton c Stuart b Clarke Houghton P.O Ready run out 3 Extras

_ Total )S

_ Total

===== 0002601_19040709_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
SANTOS DUMONT AND HIS AIRSHIP.

The greatest sensation of the St.lLouis Exposition has been the injury to M. Santos Dumont's great balloon, which was waiting to make its first ascent on July 4th. It was found in its shed all hacked and muti- lated with the silken gas-bag cut beyond possibility of repair, and, as the particular material is only

obtainable in France, the as- cent was put out of the ques- tion. It is a

curious coinci-

dence that the

airship

M. Sintos Du-

mont brought

over to the Cry- sal Palace in

1.902 was simi-

firly mutilated

j usf before 'the

ascent, and the

mystery

, V A V M. SANTOS DUMONT.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
never been pro- perly explained.

The

detectives

in charge could find no clue and ultimately ascribed it to careless packing. At St. Louis, however, Colonel Kingsbury, chief of the World's Fair Guards, after investigation has officially re- ported as his opinion that M. Santos Dumont had himself ' had his airship mutilated to avoid making the ascent, a theory which has caused enormous sensation. M. Santos Du- mont denies the charge, which amounts to one of cowardice, with the utmost indigna- tion, classing it as absurd and outrageous. As he points out, he has taken every risk in connection with aerostatics for years without flinching and has devoted his life and his iortune to it, so that he is not likely to cry off at the last moment. The charge, though seriously made, certainly looks 'preposterous on the face of it. The Exposition authorities have offered a reward of a thousand dollars for the discovery of the guilty person. A man by the name of Charles Meyer was arrested but released again. He strongly denied any knowledge or complicity. Will the mystery be cleared up this time, or will it remain unexplained as at the Crystal Palace two years ago? _

Fels- Naptha

Moneyback goes with telling the truth. ,

Fels-Naptha is true: it does cut 'w;lsliday to half ; it does save fling;b. it does save clothes; it

tiiies save money. Fels:Naptha 39 Wilson street London E C

===== 0002601_19040709_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday. July 9, 1904.

WALKER'S BREWERY V. HOUGH . GREEN.—This match was played at Hough Green on Saturday last,and resulted in a win for the Brewery after an exciting finish. Score :---

BREWERY. HO UGH GREEN. E. Allen run out l2 B. Martindale c Arber J Arber b Cole 1 b Ashton Ji Cain. b Hallam

Nt Ashton c Lewis b Jones 4 Hallam J. Milner b Cole 0 Jones ' 12 W. Norman b McGovern 15 B. Baker b Ashton 6 T.Newton lbw McGovern 0 W. Bingham b Norman 12 J._ _Taylor c Voze b W. Hallam. h Norman 4 _ .

===== 0002601_19040709_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
Mcdovern

J. Jones b Cole W. Baird b Cole 0 L. Kerry b Norman ... 10 H. Messiter not out Nprman 0 F. McGovern c Newton b Norman 0 L. Voze not out 0 Extras

Total 6l

Total

===== 0002601_19040709_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LANCASHIRE v. YORKSHIRE.

The tenth meeting between the two county bowling associations took place over the Temple green at Cheet- ham Hl on Saturday. In the end the home team claimed a majority by 16 points. Details:—

LANCASHIRE. YORKSHIRE. A. Boon, Leigh J. Fox, Leigh l5 W. Walker, Holbeck ... 21 H. Smith, Leigh 2l J. Tomlinson, Clifton 11 J. Greenbalgh, Friday l9 E. Hargreave, Skipton 21 J. Knowles, Didsbury W. Walker, Cheetham 2l J. Collinson, Cleck- _

heaton J. Duggan Cheetham ... 14 J. Garthwane Falton 21 J. Grundy, Leigh H. Williams, Warrington 14 A. Stead, Waterloo 2l J. Green, Pendleton 2O A. Brook, Cieckheaton 21 J. Isherwood, Radcliffe 21 WRoberts,Cleckheaton 12 H. Harrison, Leigh J Coombs, vice-president 21 W. Spencer, president 17 G Drinkwater, Stretford 16 J. Stead, vice-preiident 21 R. Davenport, Radcliffe 19 H. Heaton, Lockwood 21 J. Wells, Didsbury W. Wells, Didsbury .......21 W. Hirst, Cleckheaton 17 A.Chappell,Prestwich G. 12 J. West, Taylor Hill ... 21 R. Williamson, Didsbury 21 J. Clough, Huddersfield 16 S. Glover, Leigh 2l E Carter, Spell 9O W. Gregg, Cheetham 2l H. Squire, Clifton J. C. Howe, Didsbury ... 21 G.Thewlis,Taylor Hill 17 J. Burgess, Winnington 16 MT. Peel, Waterloo Jlsherwood.vice presid't 19 J. Hirst, Spec Ol J. Smith, Whitefield 2l S. Crowther, Waterloo 9 W.Aluirson,Heaton Park 15 S. Ramsden, Clifton ... 21.

Total 478

Total 462

GOLD MEDALISTS,

The highest scores for gold medalists, to be decided after the return match, 23rd July, at Waterloo, near Huddersfield, were:—

Lancashire: J. Knowles, Didsbury, 13 points; J. Smith, Whitefield, 12 points. Yorkshire: J. West, Taylor Hill, 9 points; H. Savory Spen, 8 points.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL HENLEY WEEK.

The Most Famous of Regattas.

Not to know Henley argues one's self unknown in the Rowing world. No aquatic event since Noah set sail in the Ark interests so many people as the great July week at Henley. The famous Regatta Course is lined with Houseboats visited by all that are famous and fashion- able. The races themselves attract oarsmen from all the world, from Yale to Parramatta.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
RACE BOATS AND HOUSE BOATS,

A racing boat, with its thin mahogany planks, its wide outriggers and sliding seats, designed to give the long, long pull which spells victory in a race, are verit- able works of art. So, in their way, are the Houseboats which wealthy families use as Summer Homes, resting here week, there a month or more, on the Banks of the Thames. And most of all just now they congregate at Henley.

_

A Henley _House Boat,

The fact that the eyes of all England are on Henley this week gives special interest to the words of a Henley man, Mr. Charles Sarney, in a local paper. Four years ago, when he was lying helpless in Reading Hospital with paralysis and spinal disease, Mr. Sarney thought he would never be able to handle oar or scull again. For the hospital authorities told him he was incurable, and sent for his friends to take him away. "But," said Mr. Sarney (whose homel is at Royal Oak Cottage,Gray's-road, Henley,) "I read in a newspaper of a man, afflicted like myself, who had been completely restored to health by Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people." "Why don't you try them ?" asked a friend. Mr. Sarney did try them, and their effect was extra- ordinary. Before he had finished one box he could actually walk round the table with the aid of a stick. This was after months and months in bed. After he 'had got partly through the second box he went for a short walk ! His friends were amazed to see him out, and asked him what he had taken to bring about such a marvellous recovery. He told them, and gladly, that it was owing to Dr. Williams' pink pills that he Wft§ able to get out of doors again. After the third box he was able to throw away his stick. He persevered with the pills and when he had taken eight boxes he was look- ing for work, after nineteen months without doing a single stroke. This is a remarkable cure, but there is no difficulty in explaining it. Paralysis is a disease of the nervous system. It is a sign that the nerves are ill-nourished. The food of the nerves is blood. Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people make new blood. Ordinary medi- cine could not cure Mr. Sarney. Reading Hospital was perfectly right in sending him away as incurable by ordinary medicine. Dr. Williams' pink pills have cured thousands of persons whom ordinary medicine could not benefit, because ordinary medicine does not make new blood. Any ailment that arises from lack of blood, or from poisoned, impure blood, as anxtnia, skin diseases eczema, chronic erysipelas, rheumatism, gout, can be speedily cured by Dr. Williams' pink pills; and dis- orders arising indirectly from lack of blood,as neuralgia, spinal disease, indigestion and bile (which are caused by the blood not being able to absorb food from the stomach) can be cured in the same way. But it mast be the genuine Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people that are taken—not a substitute. Genuine pills bear the full name. Dr. Williams' medicine !company, Holborn- viaduct, London, will send a box post free for two and ninepence (or six for thirteen and nine) : but they can be had at all m3dicine shops if you insist on the genuine. •

it 4

,-,.. ..-", ....9 ..".. • ;,., .;,-- L,- --,...,-.....1-., IP,.:•• P :':,•,t / f PoR .••• , „, '.;.:,12.7121k, —.7, -; , ~.17,4afgtin' r. 1.! .''.--,,,N ' I---:- -r,•.P.91r :V-a14:•, ' • • .',s' iLl—Y4E_!°i ' , - - " „-,71 2 „ley; , • .;;;.,.• ..* :4 , ;2",,; . ... •i4IV ~ .‘ 4 ~-. 1,-,•'..4.....4if I,`A 'i . ' :('' ; :'.zi ' . , ...: 4A4,_......----,___„..gp,-, 2 i?fri ‘....,.! d , ..".,.17',....,.:._,_.7.. LYL.oteoicssLrffj, Li ~J_.. ' . r ---:----.--;----_-,-::..,Th'---_-----74,---_---714;,.,_

r?;

-

ttp os4l-,1, ;".2

!,4

44er'tin( .

===== 0002601_19040709_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
Parish Church Choir Trip

The adult members of the Parish Church choir had their annual excursion last week end, and a most en- joyable affair it proved. Leaving Warrington at 1.15 on Friday afternoon the"party arrived at Bettws-y-Coed the delightful North Wales resort at 4.30. After tea at the Gwydyr Hotel, visits were paid to various in- teresting places. The party slept the night at the hotel and after breakfast left Bettws at nine for Blaneau Festiniog, where they joined the Narrow Gauge Rail- way and travelled through the beautiful Vale of Fest- iniog to Portmadoc. From this place a drive was taken by coach to -Beddgelert, passing the pass of Aberglaslyn. After luncheon at the Prince Llewellyn Hotel, the journey by coach was resumed through the Vale of Gwynant and the magnificent scenery excited general admiration. After a short stop at Penygwryd, the drive was continued through the pass of Llanberis, Llanheris being. reached about 4.30. After tea at the Padarn krms Hotel, the excursionists left for Warrington, which was reached at eleven.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
AGAIN, AND AGAIN, AND AGAIN.

Again we ask you to drink Vl:Cocoa.

Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa is neither a tuedicine • nor a mere thirst-assuager. It is a food at the same time that it is a beverage, and thus answers a double pur- pose in the minding tip of the human constitution. You can try it free of expense. Merit alone is what is claimed for Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa, and the Pro- prietors are prepared to send to any reader who names this journal a dainty sample tin of Dr. Tibbles' Vi- Cocoa, free and post paid, upon receipt of a postcard to the Head Office, GO, Bunhill Row, London, E.C.; or you can purchase a 6d. packet, Pr 9d. or is. 6d. tin, from any grocer or stores. Vi-Cocoa is the cheapest and best food beverage in the world.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
! I + *4

===== 0002601_19040709_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

THE SMOKE NUISANCE. Can it be Abated ?

THE APPLETON WATER SUPPLY.

There was not much important business at the meeting of the Warrington Town Council on Tuesday evening, and the proceedings were unusually brief. The Mayor (Alderman Bolton) presided and there were also pre- sent: Alderman Fairclough (deputy mayor), Alderman Sutton, Francomb, Hutchinson, William Pierpoint, Bennett, Smethurst, Councillors John Evans, Tinnion, Burton, P. Peacock, A. Peacock,Ellison,James Evans, T. Barton, W. Brough, Lord, Pemberton, Horrocks, John Roberts, Forshaw, H. Thornton, T. H. Ashcroft, D. Duncan, Stott, Rogers,Hulse, S. Davies, Maginn, Wilson, with Messrs. Lyon •Whittle (town clerk), S. Wilson (deputy town clerk), J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), T. Longdin (borough surveyor), Dr. Gornall (medical officer), W. S. Haddock (gas engineer), J. Deas (water engineer), J. Moore Murray (director of education), E. M. Ker (deputy surveyor.)

===== 0002601_19040709_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE ALDERMAN HEATON.

A letter was. read from Miss Heaton, on behalf of her mother and herself, expressing heartfelt thanks for the kind vote of condolence, passed at the last meeting, on the occasion of Ow death of Alderman Heaton. COUNCILLOR JOHN EVANS ELECTED AN ALDERMAN.

The first, business was the election of an alderman to fill the vacancy occasioned by the death of Alderman Heaton. "

The voting papers having been examined, The Ma'ma said the voting was practically unanimous for Councillor John Evans, whom he declared duly elected an alderman of the borough. (Applause). One paper .was blank, and another contained the name of Councillor John Evans, but was unsigned. All the other papers recorded votes for Councillor Evans. Alderman EVANS thanked the Council for the honour they had done him, and said he appreciated it very much.

Alderman EVANS was also elected presiding alderman for Fairfield Ward. EDUCATIONAL BUSINESS.

" HEARTSEARCHINGS " ABM: A NEW GATE. Alderman BENNETT moved the confirmation of the minutes of the Education Committee. He alluded to the departure of Mr. Herbert Parkinson, who, he said, had been appointed to a position elsewhere, and the next in command would take his place. They congratu- lated Mr. Parkinson on his promotion. They were about to lose the services of Mr. Gow,who had obtained anappointment at a considerable increase of salary at Blackburn. They were sorry he was going, and hoped they would get another man equally capable to sucleed him. The alderman then alluded to the extra accom- modation to be provided at the Secondary school by means of the sub-division of rooms,. and the proposed appointment of two additional assistant masters and mistresses. They were sadly cramped for accommodation, and even when they had made the sub-division, the accommodation would not be equal to the demands upon it. That, however, was the best they could do for the time being. In order to provide proper tuition for the 60 extra students, they would be obliged to appoint two more teachers. Councillor ELLISON seconded.

Councillor THORNTON alluded to the appointment of a caretaker at the Heath Side school at a salary of £lO.l us. It seemed to be rather a heavy amount. Council- lor Thornton also drew attention to the new gate which had been ordered for the Education Offices in Sankey- street at a cost of £4 19s. They were cutting down all the expenses they possibly could, and he thought an ea:planation of this item was necessary. Alderman BENNETT said the salary was fixed accord- ing to scale, and it depended on the size of the school, and the accommodation. As to the new gate, he had had some heartsearchings, but the amount was small. and it would not be wise to say too ,much about the matter. He was not quite convinced as to the necessity of the gate, but to some extent the Education Com- mittee were not to blame, as the new gate had been obtained on the recommendation of the Borough Sur- veyor.

The MAYOR explained that the caretaker had to find all labour. The old gate was practically beyond repair. Councillor THORNTON : The gate is made, and yet we come here to state whether it shall be made. (Laughter.) Councillor A. PEACOCK said some members thought a cheaper gate would have been sufficient for the time being. Councillor THORNTON : I move that the minutes be passed with the exception of the one re the new gate. The MAYOR ruled Councillor Thornton out of order. Councillor Lord also rose. The MAYOR: You are too late. (Cries of Chair, chair)." Councillor LORD : I don't agree with that.

The 2,rA.YOR : You will know next time. You mast not be too late next time. (Laughter.) You mist move an.amendinent .straight away.

The minutes were then C-axried. - POLICE PROMOTIONS.

COUNCILLOR WILKINSON'S APPOINTMENT ON THE WATCH COMMITTEE.

At a meeting of the Watch Committee, on the 23rd June, the following resolutions were passed :—That Detective Barlow be promoted to the rank of Ist class sergeant with plain clothes allowance; that Detective Forster be promoted to the rank of 2nd class sergeant with plain clothes allowance; and that Sergeant Williamson and P. C. Clouch be allowed plain clothes allowance in lieu of uniform. It was resolved that Mr. Councillor Wilkinson bo appointed a member of this committee in the place of the late Mr. Alderman Heaton.

The NlA.vort moved the confirmation of the minutes. and said the police promotions would make very little difference as far as the expense to the Corporation was concerned. Alderman FRANCOMB seconded.

Alderman PIERPODU said he could not possibly have any objection to the appointment of Councillor tVilkin- son because he knew ho would make a most admirable and useful member of the committee. Not very long ago, the Council determined that a memb,r should not have seats on more than six committees except by special permission of the Council. Coun- cillor Wilkinson was already on seven committees. Was he prepared to resign his seat on one committee? Committees were inclined to make their proceedings in the nature of a family party. It was natural when there, was a vacancy for the members to say," kVe should like so and so," but that took the choice out of the hands of the Council as a whole. Some of the members had seats on only two or three committees, or, perhaps, four. He would take the' cases of Councillors Peter Peacock and Stott. men of evident ability and young councillors, and they were only on two committees. The MANOR replied that Councillor Wilkinson wished to be on the Watch Committee, and he was promised the next vacancy. He was a regular attender, level- headed, and Understood the business.- He had the first claim so far as the younger mom'-‘ers were concerned. When he (the Mayor) entered the Council he was kept for sevefal years on only one or two committees,.

Alderman' PIERPOINT- asked if .Councillor Wilkinson was prepared to resign his seat on one committee, and the Mayor replied in the affirmative.

The minutes were then carried. HEAVISIDE SCHOOL TRUSTEES AND rHE WIDENING OF GOLBORNE-STREET.

At a meeting of the Finance and Estate Committee held on the 13th June, it was resolved that the plot of land remaining after the widening of Golborne-street (the site of the property recently belonging to Mr. Greenough) be allowed to be used by the Trustees of Heath Side school for the purposes of a day school subject to their paying a proportionate part of the ground rent and undertaking to give up possession of the land in the event of the school bein,, transferred to ; the Council. The Town Clerk reported that Mr. Thomas Halton had commenced an action against the Corpor- ation for damages, and it was resolved that Mr. Whittle i defend the action.

Alderman FAIRCLOUGH moved the confirmation of the minutes. Alderman BENNETT seconded.—Carried. STREET DIPROVENIENTS.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
MORE ABOUT COMMITTEE APPOINTMENTS.

At a meeting of the Street Improvement and Light- ing Committee, Mr. Henry, Greeiull, on behalf of the Trustees of the Blue Coat School, having offered to give to the Corporation two strips of land for the widening of Oliver-street and Winwick-road on condition that the Corporation remove the property and surround the land with walls 14 inches thick and 10 feet high, it has been resolved that the offer be accepted. It has also been decided that £5OO be paid to Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Co. Limited, for the purchase of premises at the corner of Winwick-road and Silver-street required for the widening of Silver-street. Alderman PIERPOINT took exception to the appoint- ment of Alderman Hutchinson as a member of the com- mittee, and moved an amendment that the :proposal be not confirmed.

Alderman lic.rcinssos expressed his willingness to retire from another committee, and the amendment was withdrawn. The minutes were then confirmed. PAVING AND SEWERAGE CONINII [TEE.

The minutes of this committee includel the appoint- ment of Councillor Tinniou as chairman and Councillor Roberts as deputy-chairm tn for the ensuing year. It was also decided that Caunoillor Hulse should be ap- pointed a member. Councillor STorr said he understood Councillor Hulse wasalready on six committees. Councillor HULSE said that was not so, as he had re- signed his position on tbe Museum Committee.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
I Councillor STOTT said in that case it was all right. The minutes were approved. THE DESTRUCTORS 4y HOWLEY. At a meeting of the Sanitary %larks Committee, held lon the Bth June it was resolved that the Engineer be instructed to have the portion of Clam Brook running through the land belonging to the Corporation cleaned out. The engineer submitted a plan prepared by him to prevent the waste vapour ifrom overflowing into the save-all of No. 3 vacuum, *hen it was decided that the plan be approved and the engineer authorized to carry out the necessary alterations in acoordance with the plan; also that the destructors at Howley Electricity Works be worked by this department on condition that the destructors are put into proper working order be- fore being handed over ; and that the question of the amount to be paid by the Electricity and Tramways Committee for steam be deferred.—At a meeting on the 21st June, it was agreed that the tender of Messrs. Joseph Adamson and Company, of Hyde, for the supply of a manure concentrator according to specification it £394 be accepted.

The minutes were passed with the exception of those relating to the Howley Works destructors, which were withdrawn.

THE PROPOSED FREE USE OF THE BATHS FOR

CEIILDREN.

A meeting of the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Com- mittee was held on June 23rd when a letter was read from the Education Committee requesting the free use of the second class swimming bath for chiliren attend- ing the elementary schools. After discusston the con- sideration of the matter was deferred until the next meeting, in the meantime the Town Clerk to obtain information as to the free use of baths in other towns.—lt was resolved that the Town Clerk prepare new bylaws for the park and recreation ground. On the motion of the MAYOR, seconded by Alderman SMETHURST, the minutes were confirmed. THE SHIP CANAL BILL.

In moving the adoption of the Rivers Committee's minutes, in which there was nothing of general interest, the Mtvoß said that with reference to the Ship Cana/ Bill he thought they were in a very good position, and that the town would get a good deal more than they had expected. (Hear, hear.) Alderman SUTTON seconded, and the minutes were agreed to.

NORTH-WESTERN ASSOCIATION OF FIRE BRIGADES. THE VISIT TO WARRINGTON.

It was reported, at a meeting of the Fire Engine Committee, that the North-Western Association of Fire Brigades had arranged to visit Warrington on the 16th of July next, and the Chairman and Deputy Chairman were authorized to take such steps as they considered necessary in order to support the above association on the occesion of their visit. The minutes were approved.

THE STORAGE AT THE APPLETON RESERVOIR. "WATER RUNNING TO WASTE." At a meeting of the Water Committee, held on the 20th June, the question of increasing the storage at the Appleton reservoir by means of deepening the same was considered, and at the conclusion of the business the committee proceeded to Appleton to make an inspec- tion of the works.

Alderma,n FRANCOMB moved th 3 confirmation of the minutes.

Alderman EVANS seconded.

Councillor Tusio-N-T--a-sii-€4-for some information with reference to the Appleton reservoir. It was a very important matter, and he saw that the committee had inspected the reservoir.

The MA.yoR nothing. Councillor Tr.wroN : It is time they did something. Continuing, he said there was plenty of water there running to waste which could be utilized and soldat a profit. He had always thought the Water ComMittee did not take this matter in hand as they might have done,and had been frightenedat the seemingly consider- able expense and the imaginary danger with reference to the banks. He hoped they would take the matter into consideration, as it was most important that they should have water at Appleton to sell and not allow it to run to waste. He also hoped the committee would let the Council have a report upon it so that it might be considered, because, while he was not in favour of a £70,000 scheme, they might,- at reasonable cost, he thought, get a much larger simply of water than they had at present. -(Hear, hear.) In reply, Alderman FRA.NCOMB stated that while the committee were not prepared that night with a scheme, at the next Council meeting they would have a very full report ready. (Hear. hear.) The committee, as already said, had been to Appleton, but personally he did not think they were in a position to judge. They must have expert evidence on the matter. It would be a very difficult thing to clean out the reservoir, and it was in such a state that he thought expert opinion was necessary. With regard to the impounding of the water they might get a scheme to do that. (Hear, hear.) The minutes were then approved. ELECTRICITY AND TRASIWAY 'MATTERS. MECHANICAL V. HUMAN STOKERS. At a meeting of the Electricity and Tramways Com- mittee, held on the Bth June, it was resolved that the Town Clerk apply to the Board of Trade for a further prolongation of time for the construction of tramways in Padgate lane and Manchester road.—The Tramways manager was instructed to take the number of passengers in Orford lane for one week,froin 6 a.m. to 11 p.m., the enumerators to stand at the end of Longford street, and it was resolved that the Borough Treasurer be requested to prepare a statement of the actual cost of each tram- way route.—At a meeting on June 15th, it was agreed that the tender of Mr. J. A. Ewart for the construction of the pe-manent way of Light Railway No. 1 from Stafford road to Victoria square, Stockton Heath, at £2,935 15s. Bd. be accepted. Another meeting of the committee was held on the 21st June, when the Town Clerk laid before the committee regulations made by the Board of Trade in regard to the use of electrical power on the Warrington Corporation Tramways and Light Railways.—lt was resolved that the member be tequest- ed to vote in favour of the deletion of the running powers granted by a committee of the House of Com- mons in the Tyneside Tramways and Tra,rnroads Bill -re- solved that the tender of Messrs. B lb:1'A: and Wile' ox Limited, for the sanely of four mac..-hanical stokers at £957 and that of Mesq-s. Ball Bros. for the supply of water softening plant at £l5O be accepted. Alderman SMETHURST proposed the confirmation of the minutes.

Alderman PIERPOINT seconded. Councillor BITRTON referred to the purchase of mechanical stokers. He wanted to know which was the more valuable, human or mechanical stokers? There were many firms in the town who had lbandoned their mechanical stokers in preference to human stokers. He did not know what was the nature of the information the Mayor and his colleagues had acquired,but he thought what information they did acquire with reference to the mechanical stokers might be given to the Council. It seemed to hi that the .21,031 or practically that, which they involved, would be thrown away. At any rate he thought so.

Councillor-SToT-r- referred to the question of running powers over corporation tramways. He. had been instructed to write to Mr. Pierpoint, ALP., in a similar strain to the committee, and he was very pleased the committee had taken the action they had. He had received no reply to his communication to the Borough member.

The MAYOa said the committee attended, with the whole of the municipal corporations, in London, and put such pressure on the members of Parliament that. the Bill had been recommended for further considera- tion. (Hear' hear.) It was certainly rather a monstrous thing for a private promoter to build, say, a mile or two of railway and then have the advantage of nunning power over corporation tramways. (Hear, hear.) The matter was a very important one to a place like Warrington, and he was very pleased that that particular part of the Bill had not become law. Alderman BENNETT said he noticed that the com- mittee had resolved that the Borough Treasurer should prepare a statement of the actual cost of each tramway route. He thought the knowledge of the number of people who passed along the routs was valueless with- out having compiled with it the information that the Borough Treasurer had been asked to prepare. That was the fair footing on which to consider the matter, and on that basis he thought that the Cemetery route was one of the best paying routes, taking into considera- tion the initial outlay. With reference to the question of mechanical and human stokers, his own experienee of human stoking was that it managed to make a great deal of smoke. (Laughter.) He was speaking of a nuisance of which he knew only too well, which killed all his vegetation; dirtied all his curtains—(laughter)—and caused the only approach to domestic infelicity which ever occurred in his happy home, and which might also have something to do with thestate of ill ihealth of the town—

Councillor HuLsF:: Nonsense. (Laughter.) Alderman BENNETT' : Oh! Councillor Hulse is one of the sinners. (Laughter.) I still maintain that it cannot be good for either animal or human being. Con- tinuing, he said that ,although he was not a mechaniCian he had it on the authority of one of the most able chemists in the town who said that they (his firm) used mechanical stokers and they were a very good thing for dealing with the smoke question. He thought they gathered from Councillor Wilkinson on a previous occasion that apart from reducing the smoke these stokers would save 50 per cent. in the cost of fuel. Councillor TENS lON : That is a fairy tale. (Laughter.) The MAYOR said that Alderman Smethurst,the Tram- ways Manager and himself visited Manchester and saw the various mechanical stokers which had been tendered for. The Council, would, perhaps remember that the committee first tried one of these stokers as an experi- ment and it had been such a great success that they de- cided' to get others. The mechanical stoker would use slack at Gs. or is. a ton instead of having to use fuel at 12s. a ton and upwards. They concluded from the report of the Engineer that it would be a great saving Ito have other stokers put down, and they simply went Ito Manchester to see that the stokers tendered were of the same kind as they already had, and which had given such excellent results. He thought the Council would probably recoup themselves for the cost by the saving which would be effected in twelve months or two years. Councillor PETER PEACOCK remarked that the Chairman of the Electricity Committee told them some time ago , that the Babcock and Wilcox boilers could not use

===== 0002601_19040709_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
ECZEMA

The World's Greatest Skin Humour,

Affects Every Age and

Condition.

The Only Sure Cure is

===== 0002601_19040709_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Cuticura.

If there were not another external skin disease known, eczema would be a sufficient infliction on mankind. It per- vades all classes, and descends impar- tially through generations. While some are constantly enveloped in it, others have it confined to small patches in the ears, on the scalp, on the breast, on the palms of the hands, on the limbs, etc., but everywhere its distinctive feature is a small watery blister, which discharges an acrid fluid, causing heat, inflamma- tion, and Intense itching, scaling and crusting.

The Cuticura treatment is at once agreeable, speedy, economical and com- prehensive. Bathe the affected parts freely with hot water and Cuticura Soap, to cleanse the surface of crusts and scales, and soften the thickened cuticle. Dry, without hard rubbing, and apply Cuticura Ointment to allay itching, irritation and inflammation, and soothe and heal, and, lastly, take Cuticura Resolvent, or Pills, to cool and cleanse the blood. This treatment af- fords instant relief, permits rest and sleep in the severest forms of eczema and other itching, burning and scaly humours, and points to a speedy, per- manent and economical cure of tor- turing, disfiguring humours, eczemas, rashes and inflammations, from infancy to age, when all other remedies and the best physicians fail.

Sold throughout the world. Cuticnra Resolvent, 25.6 d. (in form of Chocolate Coated Pills, Is. lid. per vial of 60). Ointment, 2a. 6d., Soap, Is. Depots: London. 27 Charter - house Sq.; Paris, 5 Rue de la Paix; Boston, Columbua Ave. Potter Drug & Chem. Corp., Sole Proprietors. ar•bend for "How to Cure Eczema."

===== 0002601_19040709_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
slack, and now he said they could do it since they had mechanical stokers.

COUBCMOr PEMBERTON : Yes, and the Babcock and Wilbos boilers will use slack without mechanical stokers. I have said so before, and it is not fair to talk of the saving effected by using slack instead of coal as being entirely due to the mechanical stokers. The boilers can use slack, and I have tried to put that to the Council before.

Alderman SMETHURST, replying to the discussion said so far as the mechanical stokers were concerned be might say that at one place visited they had 30 of them in use,and there was scarcely a breath of smoke coining from the chimneys. If theycould get these mechanical stokers fitted, he felt certain from what he had seen, that they would greatly minimize the smoke emitted from the works. Further, there would be the saving in the cost of fuel, and,with all due respect to the " fairy tale," the Council would lind the saving out at the end of the year. The expenditure necessary to obtain the stokers would, he hoped, be regained in about 16 months. 'rho minutes were then carried.

This was all the business and the Council then rose.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
LAWN TENNIS" NEW BLOOD."

One prominent feature of the Ali-England Champion- ships this year was undoubtedly the arrival of what may be termed" new blood." If critics of the position of lawn tennis at the present time ever had any grounds for asserting that new talent was practically extinct, such has been removed by the capital exhibition given at Wimbledon last weak by the younger generation. It is true that lawn tennis demands a lengthy apprentice- ship and considerable physical capacity, but these qualifications do not necessarily mean the con- tinued supremacy of the "old gang," Even if the net result of the matches contested gave the balance of power to the men previously at the top of the tree, their triumph was only obtained at the expense of the greatestexertions and the defeat of some of their numbers. In the case of Ritchie's victory over Eaves, for example, we have an illustration of one generation succeeding another—a na:tural evolution which some people seem to imagine did not apply to lawn tennis. Greville's defeat at the hands of Riseley is another instance in point, as also the same player's easy triumph over H. S. Mahony, and his brilliant victory over Gore. In the case of ladies, this gradual "shouldering out" is even more proriounced. That plucky and honoured player, Mrs. Hillyard, who re- turned to the arena again last week, discovered that several younger exponents now exist who are more than her equal. In the case of Mrs. Sterry there must have been a some- what similar awakening, and it is not necessary to go further to show that a new force is in being. Whether the standard of the best ladies' play is higher to-day than it was when Miss Isottie Dod was in her zenith is another matter; but it is certain that the average standard of ladies' play, as witnessed at first-class tourna - meats to-day, has itnineisurably improved. If other proof were wanted, it is to be found in the fact that so many ladies are now handicapped on the same mark while the breach between those at the highest limit anti those who come next is so small as to be almost undis- cernible.—A. WaLLis MYERS, in "The King."

===== 0002601_19040709_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Ti-IREE YEARS_ FOR TASTNG SNAPST-10 CS,

Julius Davott, locksmith, of Neckingen, in Lorraine, who took photographs of the fortiacations of Dieden- hofen, was on Thursday sentenced to three years' penal servitudeland to pay a fine of Lill for espionAge.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19040709_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt " 45;:amtner *tries

rut W LIVRINGTON AND KID-CHICSIIIIIN litaaftlitg." published every Sattivis— morning. -r" „ UAL/MOWN LS()NitWTON EtA.VLINNEI, published every Friday afternoon. 'rag "ST. FIRLIINEI Srsuzigica,' published every Friday afternoon. T" "RUNCOR,I•I EILIKINSIt." published every Friday afternoon.

rE " TIMMS Exstairna," published every Friday afternoon.

ADVF,RTIS R.: A EN T ROUSES WANT ED HOUSES TO 1,3 EC SOLD MISCELLA.NEIUS WANTS MISC ELL ANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 . 3d. 3s. Id, ... ss. Od. 54

P P AP 4.RTNIRNTS WINTTP:D APARTNERTM TO LET A.RrICLES LOST ART tCLE-3 FUND

===== 0002601_19040709_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Bonystir Oerbant4, etr.

WD ANT 4. !WO Kft'S ; fon.l of children.—Apply Mrs. KERsE ow, Lanierdale. Drayoott. near Derby.

WANTBD, a young GFINBII.AL, at once.—Apply. 4 CLAREMONT TERRACE, North Shore, Blackpool.

NvANTHD, a Girl for farm house: must have refs.— Apply J. HARRifsoN,Chsruock Riebards,near Chorley.

'WANTED. HOUSEMAID WAITRRSS ; good references; TV immidiately —Miss COPPOCK, Davenport, Stockport.

WANTHD a good GENERAL, one mei to plain cooking. —ANDERSON'S CENTRAL RERTA.URANT, Skipton s'., Morecambe.

7Vii ANTHID SMART intelligent GIRL about 15; live in : reference. requirei.—Address 0. W., " Haaminer " 'Office, Warrington.

wANTBD GENRRAL SERVANT two in ?Family wage £lB to commence with, by letter RoBRRTS. 22 Priory Road, Broad Green.

WANTHD Good GRNERAL. Steady, honest and not afraid of work.—Apply CHESHIRE MIDLAND HOTEL. Hale, near Altrineham,

W HITFIELD' 3 AGENCY requires all classes cf SERVA.N IS at 71,Faalswown, ST., Farnworth,Widnes; opposite the Old Chursb.

AVANTUD strong GRNBRA,L all duties in small house three in family; no children.-3. DARNLEY ST. Brook's Bar, Manchester.

APTBD ORNBRAL : wash: family three : references: £18: 20 to 3C.—Apply by letter, Mrs. Dr. HAROLD RE` SHAW, Brooklands. Cheshire.

WANTIM, well DOMHSTICATED PHRSON, young or middle Rged for small family, good home, references required-45, LANCASTER ROAD, Preston.

WANTED. for HOTELS. WAITER 3SBS, Cooks, Kitchen- maids, HousAmaid-Waitresses, Rnd 40 Generals, to walt.—Mrs. PREsroles Registry. Blackpool.

WANTFID a good GENERAL SERVANT, about 21, able V to wash with references. Apply Mrs. J. CLAYToN,pork butcher. 111, Ormskirk Rd., Newtown. Wigan.

LL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country or r"' town public and private.—oll or write Miss H kßitmoN's only office). 6.oldham street, Manchester. Established 1862.

S-- ITrIATION WA,NTBD by experienced Cook, where kitchen maid and scullery maid are kept ; permanent or t,mnorary ; good references.—Adiress Mre. 8., Post Officc, Kirkby Lonsoale

fIOOK4 WANTED £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitress £lB to £22, Generals £lB to £2O. Girls CU, excellent places. No Connection with any other office. —Write to HARRIsoX'S 6, Oldham street, Manchester.

fl. CLASS HS OF SITUATIONS, private and public Rood homea, ercellent wages; places in town,country and seaside.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street. Manchester.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Mlnteri.

SSUNLIG HT or LIFRBUOY TOPS WANTRD '- ltd. doz. Cash by retnrn.—Smrra's STORES, Dedham llssex.

WANTIin. care of child, any awe ; Premium. RefPrences good ;business hotne.—Cwoox, Hayes, 3lidilesex.

WANTI4D, labels from the pound tine of Milkmaid Milk. Good price offered.—` 8..' Guest Rd., Barnsley.

QUNLIGHT, LIFRBUOY TI /Pi WANTBD. le. per 100; /0 Matchless whole le. 3d.—Ta-moit, 42,George at., Hull.

S 0 AP WRAPPVIS Wanted. Sunlieht.Lifebuoy,ltd. doz., Matehless,Queen'elioney,2d. SPEacE,Holmetop,Bradford.

WA C ANTRD, LDIRi And GRNTLI MEN. Business ability. £2 weekly.—Particulars, Sec., 2 stimps, R. PARRY, Ogivy, Usk et., Bargoed.

ARDEVER (24) SHICK,S RE-BNGAGENIRNT as Under- k7 Gardener ; two years' reference from last situation.— WEIR. 8, Sunbourne road, St. ?Colmar.. Liverpool.

BOUTOTBMOUTH.—Vdticated Musical Gentleman required as Pat tner in small Boa•ding House.—Full particu'ars to B Box. 1942, Cio SHIBROW & THATCHED. West street, Cambridge Circus. W.C.

QANITARY INSPRCTORS.—LADY II BALTH VISITORS ~.71 £lOO to £350 ; several hundred vacancies ; 300 sucgesge a postal course commencing for Liverpool and Manchester Exams. Fee 25s —lViustutNg. Science Teacher, Sunderland.

CCCM MISSION (ltheral) offered 0 those able to introduce work or furnish information to well-known firm of electric light and power Pngineers ; estimates free, any part of the country,—Address' FITTINGS,' Box, No. 1865, co Sharrow and Thatcher, 13-15, West et., London, W.O.

VVANTIC)). AGENT on commission to Introdume a high class Electric Motor. Applicants must have large connection with Engineers. Collieries and Chemical Works.--Addrees giving fu:l particulars T. E., " Examiner' Office, Warrington.

T.;IRENOI{ MODHL PATTERN CUTTING ASSOCIATION, 7, Baker et., W.—T)ress Cutting and Making taneht rapirilv on the special system ot the well-known fitter, Madame Astier. Private and cites lessons. Training glass for fitters. Ladies' own material cut and prepared. Patterns sold in stock sizes or to measurements. Outfit of model patterns supplied to dressmakers. Prospectus free.

TT Aw.—golicitnr, experienced, and an Advocate with good class practice. offers Seat to country Solicitor desiring London experience. Well-equipped offices, telephone ; suit so,icitor wanting further experience before starting on own acpount ; liberty to practice if required subject to restrictive covenant. Premium asked. about £1.1)0. end term 2 years suggested. Advertiser can give unique and valuable training. Ably aprillemts supplyinv fullest oarticulars of themselves and enclosing photograph (returnable) will be entertained Litz. Box rro 1915, c/o Sharrow & Thatcher. 13 & 15 West it., Cambridge Circus, London, W.C.

FURNITURE, PTANOS. SToCKS, &c.. BOUGHT FaR (ASH TO ANY AMOUNT, OR ADVANuItS

HIGHEST PRICEST' GTVA;7.- NO CHARGE FOR INSPECTION. HANTLEY ANT) CO.. 12, 110SS.-STPERT, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
,Pflacbtnern, etc.

F° SALR, two'cOG horse Vertical Compound 'Marine-type CONDENSING HNGINES, by Galloways. 171 n. and 3tlin. cylinders. Tnomsa Jonasois, Prescott St., Wigan.

I-AN SALE. lar . quantity of girders. good blue slates, Timber, skylights coping, etc.. now at St. Helens Cheap for quick sale,—Apnlv Josswn CORP Limited, Canter- bury-street, Blackburn. Tel. 303.

pA.TENT OFF ICTI. NE All/CHESTER BRT kI3LISIIED IN 1836. Messrs. GEORGB D AVMS It SON hare ha; more than 40 years' personal ezperieneeln connection with this !Utah'ish- merit andpoasesspranti,klknowiedge of the cottan,avooller and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," mice 61. " Colonial and Tenrehtn Patent Laws," price h. 3EORGE DAVIES. 0.1?.. k qo. P.T.P.A.. 31.5. A 4. ST. ANN'S EQUARB. MANCIIBSTBR.

QT. GPORGE'S IRON WORKS. LIMITED (late Orrnerod, Grierson and Co.). Holm& Manchester, have the Largeit Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, Pi.,!.y and Tooth Block Patterns Cie., telonglng to the late Henry Wren and Co., London•road iron Works, Mancheater, an are in a position to Sappily CASTINGS, Millwright,anci la!! 'xlrls of Engineering Work promptly.—Cataloguea of Wheels and Vullev Patterns on application. NT., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address: " Ormerod Griarson. Manchester."

JOHN WALKER AND CO. EXAMINER OFFICE,

BEWSBY-STRBRT W ARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 355 Y.

COAL M. ERC H A NTS' TICK VS, Billhead91 Memorandums, ste. TRADE PRIMING of every description. May b 3 Inspected and Bstimates obtained at the Oflice INVOICES for Grocers. Shoemakers, Cloggers Butchers. Bakers. Plumbers, Publicans, &a. EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS

'bareo

WANTISD Shares in Toll Bridges; Btc.--Send particulars HARRIS, 10, Goldhlwk Rd, London. .

OS kLB, the oldest CHIP SHOP in Bury; 3 tenants in 28 years, main street. —l4l, Bovrov ST , Bury.

TAMING ROOMS—BUSINEWS on Sale; &Aug goo d trade; bad health cause of leaving.-81,OLDHAM RD. Rochdale

VonUm ego, ett.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
En be let.

Fro LET, Good Dwelling-bouee, 48, Parker street.—Apply Woons & SON, Solicitors, Warrington,

I.I3T.—HOUSIS and SHOP, Parker at.—Apply WOODS I AND SON, nolicitorg, HorsemarkAt at., Warrington.

JOHN WA LKER & CO., EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON. ALL KINDS lOF PRINTING FOR CONCERTS TEA PARTIES SOIREES SERMONS

BALLS MEETINGS &c., &c JOHN WALKER & CO. EXAMINEE" OFFICE.

ApartmtllG ,ffurnbel o etc.

RAMSRY.—Hartbhill, Mooragh Pt orner.ado.—Superior PRIVATE APARTMENTS; toting and bathing from door ; terms moderate.—Mra. W. WALCH

FLBRTWOOD.—Bracing and Restful.—QN'S PRIV- URR ATH HOTRL, Restaurant. and Boarding House, opposite Railway Station and Steamers; home comforts ; good catering; moderate charges ; dinner dai1y.11.45 t 02.30 ; picnics parties catered for ; electric !Ishii; terms from ss. ; week-ends 10e. 6d. O.T.C.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 9, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
t 'ILEVELBY3.—Mrs. FLITCROFT; Primrose Plaoe ; terms ki moderate; APART&IiiNTS ; near sea. tram.

MOHECAMBII —Mrs H. ti. ASHWORTH, Hawthorne House, 10, Alexandra rd.; sea View, bath; piano.

OLBVIILBYS near Blackpool.—Mre. DENNISON, Appleby V House. Werneth terrace. Close to tram and lea.

L tCKPOOL.-I.lornfortable APART NK NTS. off prom- enade ; plano.—Mas. MERIGOLD, 24, Yorksnire St.

COLWYN Bay, North Wales.—APAßTedliNTS. near sea and woods.—Mrs. R. ELLIN, Rdenderry, Lawson Rd. 1.1 ULACKPt.OL.-2"., KING ST., near Talbot Rd. Station and sea. Beds ls.:per day per person. Board If required •

COLWYN B4.Y.—COMFORTABLE APAR CMENTS.— Apply Mrs. JONEs.Woodiand Park House,Woodland Rd.

DURESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from gTt plate or type. HANDBILLS in large or small quantities cheap and effective.

Estimates given for all kinds of work. SICK, RECEIPT. and SUBSCRIPTION BOOKS Printed. Bound, Numbered and Perforated to

order. PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, PROGRAMMES FOR DANCES. PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS.

ACCOUNT BOOKS, &c. MADE To ORDER POSTERS A SPECIALITY.

HAY.—ALDERsox BRoTHERes Direct Importers. 25. Brasenose road, Liverpool.

I ADIIIB left MY clothing bought; highest prices return .11. 1 Dost.-88 LAKE RD., Portsmouth.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINER OFFICE

A RTISTIO PRINTING Co.-100 Cards, Memos, Invoices, Li. la 3d. Samples free.-4, Malham rd., London.

MAKE MON EY. —Ten easy and profitable ways, Id.; genuine.--SEcaETARY, 53 Vassall rd., Brixton,

rT,NIISHO BABY LINBN.—AII necesbary articles for Immediate use, ss. di. paid.—Mrs. TURNER, 20 Market Square, Tunstall, Staff.

VEIOOTWASH '—Cures Tender, Hot, Perspiring Feet, 6d. 1: and Is. (sample two stamps).—HILLMAN, GINE .lt Co., Hammersmith, London. W.

QILK.—FuII Dress Length, handsome Silk, pleiged ; sacri- fice voucher 55.—Fnr, 66, J.ffreys rd., Clapham.

D, ST/ICTIVISS. Inquiries, Investigations. Consult HAMILTON, 171 High it., Kensington. London.

LIENUINH CABINET PHOTOGIRAPEIS, bs. dozen; Bend k.JP.o.—Caszr,TGayfield Place., Campbeltown, Argyll.

VOLDING MAlLCART,reellning back, Atrong and durable. _r P.O. 25. 11d.—ATrarrsoN, 1 Myddelton Square, London.

D. SROURES Complete PRINTING OUTFIT. or 2 letter monogram (self-inking) boxed; 7d. secure,' 7 year date. energetic agents wanted, commission good.—Ricce.aro Bmos. 195 Old Christchurch .•oad. Bournemouth,

"[TING CYCLE BRAKE, admitted best. 8s 6d, each. with E. order.—ATKur, 120, Pym Se., Nottingham.

500 14-GUINEA CYCLES at 7 Guineas each sPnt on approval .—D. IVALTort, Hebden Br!dge,Yorkshire.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLISHED 1638.

RICHARD JEFFItEYS9 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERI'CtiL, Wn mMII AILHE AND PRINT BBLLER, A Large Assortment or Framed Pictures. sultable'for Weddiut ait Praeenta. School Prizes, AA. Terms moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OP PIIOXOQI/AgRB.- for Crystal.= arid Panal Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures In the ,Continental Galleries.;

Ma. CnausEllo° THE COMING APPEAL made the sing°l° TO THE NATION, dr ee rbnaatrek inat o 1:fcl st/kb:e Government were to appeal to the country O 0 Licensing Bill he thought they would win. Abt Chinese labour as an election issue he was 130 t sure, and, oddly enough, he never mentioned the Sheffield programme. As an electioneering agellti; Mr. CHAMBERLAIN knows a thine or two, and W ROI° take it that he does not believe the fiscal 1‘? will do the Government any good. uost Pe°l3 will agree with him, but they Will ,g i ° further, and suggest that no conceivable s"-t can help Mr. BA.LFOUR now the the country is evidently made up to a change of rulers. The 6' Standar"' comforts itself with the idea that the 0PP0915 tion was resisting the Licensing Bill. It obser/hee that "there is no unmistakeable sign that great body of voters dislike the Bill. But the/ • es° object—or so the Opposition believe—to ha labour. Therefore, Licensing Reform mast opposed and blocked. Parliament must be t bidden to deal effectively with a businesslike P;;; posal, because certain other proceedings °in! Government are supposed to be unpopular. -01 a dangerous kind of political logic." But the hr° logic comes out in the bye-elections, which s"0 h-oj pretty conclusively that the electorate more than enough of the man who have beer' '- years in office. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S hint is taken up, h°Wavarli by another Ministerial journal, which thinks 01 will go well with the Government at the Gene- ,3 Election if thiy invite us to fix our 1114°9a:3 Army Reform. This, at any rate, has not 00-00 any political animosity. Why not adopt it electioneering cry? The natiqn, we ere Lrsl "profoundly distrusts" the capacity of the Li"-tbe party to deal with military problems. of other hand, the Unionists, by the appointelesvo. the Esher Committee and the Norfolk Coeir mission, have not only given pledges of th a earnestness, but are in a position to statLre pro'grarnme. Moreover, this move would of the double advantage of " answering criticisnlfor the Government with a constructive schee3s io the future." There is a delightful sinaplicitY ev: this proposal. It is taken for granted that 3 1100 army scheme will endear to the country the who mismanaged the war, and followed th4t oro with Mr. BRODRICK'S exploded reforms. Weuti to overlook his recent confession that his bro,e, ful recruiting plan has completely broker' u° the and that the soldiers who were to flock t° ore standard for the sake of an extra sixpence a dff.Y.ore so far from flocking that the difficulty of furiliter ing the necessary drafts for India is gres to than ever. Mr. BRODRICK has the 00ursgeo,0 say now that the House of Commons %vele° oet his project, although he was careful to Pow" A is the risks. This attempt to shift the bis°l-the ridiculous to everybody who remembers tbai late Secretary for war was sanguine thii had made recruiting popular at last, and Yetatry BALFOUR is advised now to pose before the Oa 0 as the great military reformer who appointed , nosai Esher Committee ! "Let the Government er-tbe to the country for a mandate to carry 01-11' los Committee's recornmendatioes. Who, that t the faith in the democracy of England ca a doll-- h answer to such an appeal?' We do not doubt the answer for a In The democracy democracy of England would not be as ',qr. headed as we think it is if it assumed that . f Baurouß and his colleagues were capable 0- apPil . f atioe ing sound principles to the problem oi 19-, defence. Mr. ARNoLD-FORSTER is certaira Wgir improvement upon Mr. BRODRICK the er Office, but the vacillations of the Cabinet ove g arc° recommendations of the Esher Committee -c

===== 0002601_19040709_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
111M111A1116

in gUifif VdaY 6 if the

on tb: Aboov Dot s° pcl tb° age'

pOOPIII ii g 0 8 wri Of ) ,dard VP°9l- - at tbe ther"" lust be for

ke 1319. of t" :be reil. h sho9ii Ise 119° ,eOlOO

he uF Wr ar!) aeti be

dovolt to tb° (19a„" urni9-‘ ivrea6ar to rag° a otiv i„„

ain° '- bat the ;113t be )1r oe ,apl,l:a )tit t"- hkit obt

LS 1t )jr. loluen 31r. apPlYi )atiooa aIY 1113 le )ver e ;coca

===== 0002601_19040709_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
:Point to a great reforming purpose. With a touch of unconscious irony, the Ministerial journal con- 'trasts these politicians who cannot make up their ramds about military organisation with what it Calls the " vacillatory groups" on the other side. -A Liberal Government would nertainly not ignore the task which the present Ministers have so Signally failed to execute. Military and financial reasons make it imperative that the Army should be placed upon what Sir CHA.RLES has called a scientific basis," but the work needs hands which are not discredited by the blundering administra- tion of the last nine years.

Fe;icitations to the A STRAIGHT ISSUE Government candidate IN OSWESTRY. for the Oswestry Divi-

i 0 n. Mr. OLIVE 'BRIDGMA.N is determined that there shall be no misunderstanding about his attitude towards the fiscal question. Elsewhere the unfortunate chain- Pions of the Ministry in the bye-elections have 'either been ingloriously mute on the subject, or have run away from their brave words. Mr. tRIDGMA.N, at all events, does not mean 'to follow their example. Mr. BRIDC, MAN declares himself . a strong supporter of the Sheffield policy, and also of preferential tariffs. Moreover, the Tariff Reformers, excluded from 'other contests, are going to fight this out boldly. They have been told by some Unionist candidates that their room is pleasanter than their company. But Mr. BRIDGMAN is a man of mettle. has raised the CHAMBERLAIN standar:l iu Oswestry, and the Tariti Reformers are flocking to it with Joyous energy. They have already settle down in the villages, we are told, to instruct tne natives lii the economies which are to raise the price of 'everything without making anything dearer. They tried this demonstration in Mid-DEvaii without Much success,and we do not suppose that the rural voters in Suropshire will be more easily converted Still, it is refreshing to nave a straight issue once More, and to find a Unionist candidate who does 14low what his colours are, and is not so ashamed of them that he tries to keep them out of sight. Mr. BRIDGMAN, at all events, does not shuffle between Sheffield and Birmingham. He knows they were the same thing, and is not afraid to say so- It is a pleasure to meet such a straightforward Candidate, and the gratification of beating him .vill he greatly enhanced by respect for his personal Character. Mr. BALFOUR has a chance now of finishing the Session with some remnant of his legislative pro- gramme. Tnere is one obstacle ahead. Toe new Liberal Unionist Association his to decide next Week whether it will formally include Mr. Cita.n- a3tRLAIN's tariti proposals in its official policy. Two members of the Cabinet are chwn for elestion as "nce-presidents, and there is also a resolution in favour of tariff reform. If Mr. CHAMBERLAIN should Insist on carrying this he will apparently have LORD LANsDOWNE and Lord SELBORNE as strongly corn- Mitted to his views as Nit.. BRIDG3IAN. We say apparently, for there is no end to the ingenuity of Ur. BALFOUR in devising formulas, and he may blandly argue that his two colleagues are in Mr. ekt.i.MBP.RLAIN's camp, but not of it. On the other hand, it is suggested that the crucial resolu- tion may not be put, after all, to the meeting on the 14th. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN may waive this .I?(Ant in order to save Mr. BaLFou-R from another hscal debate in the Commons and the necessity of another juggle. .-cording to this calculation, the Government Will then sail out of the stormy seas of the Session intosinooth waters of the Recess. In the mean- time, bye-elections may run their most disagree_ 41Jle course as they please: Mr. Balxoun will be qUietly absoebed in golt. We note that the pros- Peet is rather disquieting, however, to some of his candid friends. "Tie Standard," despite its quarrel with the Prime Minister on the fiscal issue has been urging him to stay in office,—but it ad- Mated or, Wednesday that there are limits to philo- sophical disregard for public opinion. Our con- temporary evidently feels that for Mr. BALFouit to Meet Parliament again as head of the Government after more electoral reminders that he is not Wanted would be a little to much. But he may not think so. There is no accounting for taste.

Comments on the decision of the Labour Repre- sentation Committee Executive in the Davenport election case appear this week in the" Clarion" and the "Labour Leader." The former is opeuly hostile to the Executive's whitewashing policy,and ,843's "it is no Nit of the duty of the Executive to l'ac.ide what action shall be taken at bye-elections," the latter pats the Executive on the back, is obviously uncomfortable during the process. 4..ne two papers evidsntly perceive that the Execu • two, resolution exonerating Messrs. Shackleton arid Henderson involves a change or modification cl policy, though the " Leader " nervously repudi- tes any such suggestion. They stick out for the 14epen-dence of the Labour Representation Com- taittee and will continue to do so, we suppose, llatil hard facts convince them that the Labour Party cannot always ignore or oppose the Liberal 11!trty and further its own interests at the same tiale. What, we would ask Labour men at this Point, does the Labour party in Warrington stand ts 3, gain by opposing Mr. Crosfield at the next eltction? Nothing I—On the contrary,defeat and ;4 Considerable pecuniary loss are certain. What °S happened at Devonport will o•lcur again, and litlisdar similar circumstances wo believe Messrs. "1-ekleton and Henderson would again assert their „s'lluePendence and take the course they deemed ‘44ost likely to further the Labour cause.,

thc'en municipal affairs seem to be permeated by general slackness apparent at midsummer. hue business before the Town Council during the 14 weather months remains at an automatically level of importance which is appreciated by t° lackadaisical legislators. Why this should be 41,ease it is difficult to see, but the fact remains ela' defies dispute. On Tuesday the Town Conn- till Was only engaged an hour in going through % traonth's agenda,and half that time would have tl:tneed to transact what business there was. Even election of an Alderman created no appreciable ir• Councillor John Evans was, after all, un- eitraed and zeceived a unadmous nomination to te as successor to tne late Alderman Heaton. tpgratulations Mr. Evans You have rendered 4'l Years' useful service and merited the honour

--- te.,4le pounds for a new entrance gate! e t;ducation Committee is going the pace with jil7),engeance. Some of our economical Councillors th u.ed the"little bill,"and if they cluld have had la:r way the Education authorities would have %If to content themselves with a less ornate ce• But if strict economy is to be the rule trd,nave a gate at all ? People are put to the pialf.l"lo of opening and shutting it every time they tor-'" the headquarters of learning, and it does not to Z 8 any useful purpose that we can see except cioca,eeP dogs out and the learning in. Somebody to have a go at the Town Hall and Park yeaisance which costs quite a lot in paint every %vol. As " scrao " it would realise a handsome to t,! and the angels might be retailed separately e Churches. Let us save all we can ; the '8 are still 7s. 10d. in the £.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• . . .

'

===== 0002601_19040709_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
IMechanical v. human stokers was another topic round which a desultory discussion waged. The !Electricity and Tramways Committee has decided !on the purchase of four mechanical stokers at a cost of nearly £l,OOO, and claims that a saving of ! .50 per cent. in the price of fuel will accordingly be " effected. It seems strange that there should be the difference of opinion there is in the engineering world with regard to the respective merits of the mechanical and human stoker. Some firms in Warrington have thrown the former on the scrap- heap and reverted to the latter, so that the experi- ment of the Electricity and Tramways Depart- ment will bo watched with interest. Even Alder- man Bennett—the man of poetry, figures, and dreams—had something to say about stok- ing, though he admitted his ignorance of the mechanical aspect of the question. His concern was—smoke. The human stoker he dubbed a failure, except as regarded his capacity for killing vegetation, dirtying curtains, and des- troying the " domestic felicity " in Alderman Bennett's little home. Therefore Mr. Bennett ' hoped much from the mechanical stoker. That ,he will keep a sharp eye on the tall !chimney at Howley no one need doubt.

It is to be hoped that the portly tom 9 which the Medical Offioer of Health for the Borough has issued this week will not be allowed to he on the tables of our local legislators,unread and unheeded. The report grows in bulk year by year. Two years ago it was compressed into 78 pages; last year it increased its size to 87 pages and this year there is a further advance towards portliness by the addition of 30 extra pages. These one hundred and odd pages have a forbidding look about them, filled as they are with statistical tables and details of the work of the Health department-, but there are many points which deserve, and ought to receive, serious con- sideration from those who have the welfare of the town at heart. Our average death- rate for the past ten years reaches the kivel of 19.7, which is not altogether satisfactory,althongh we may congratulate ourselves that it is below the average of many manufacturing towns. The dis- cussion which has recently taken place on the health of the town will have served a useful purpose if it has educated public opinion on the necessity of payinz more attention to those measures which contribute to the health of the community. There are many valuable suggestions in the report of the Medical Officer which will be found summarised in another column. The recommendations in regard to the schools are of great importance and in paying more attention to school hygiene than was possible under the old system, the Education Committee will be doing a real service to the community.

The word of warning which is convoyed in the Medical Officer's report to the Paving and Sewer- age Committee wider the head of unpaved streets and passages should be reiterated in the Council Chamber until active steps have been taken to remedy Vie existing state of affairs. A printed list is given, covering eight pages, of all the un- paved streets and passages in the Borough, and the undue length of this list only serves to prove how woefully behind we are in this question (if paving. Some of the streets and passages still unpaved were even mentioned by the Medical Officer of Health twenty years ago. Why have no steps been taken ere this? Coug- cillor Tinnion has just taken upon his shoulders the responsibility of Chairman of the Paving and Sewerage Committee, and he could not better sig- nalise his promotion to this onerous position than by initiating a forward policy in this matter of street plying. We hope we have heard the last of the ex.cuses which have been so often urged that it is impossible to get stone or the necessary material and labour. The ...latter is urgent if we are to have a healthy town and prevent the recurrence of epidemic sickness, which proves so distressing and costly. "This want of paving," says the Medical Officer, "is one of the most serious insani- tary conditions at present existing in the town." Nothing could be more clear and definite, and if the members of the Town Council shirk their duty upon them must be thrown the blame for any evil results which may follow their neglecc.

A statement made by Mr. J. W. Knowles at the Rural District Council meeting on Wednesday might, if allowed to pass unexplained, create a wrong impression. Millions of gallons of Corpor- ation water, it was stated, were being allowed to run to waste in a ditch near Croft. We have made inquiries into the matter, and find that the waste is quite unavoidable. , Shafts are being sunk at the new pumping station at Delph-lane, and unless water were pumped out, it would be an impossibility for the men to work. The quantity of water to be dealt with has proved considerably larger than was anticipated, and additional pumps have been requisitioned. It is hoped that the work will be completed in a month's time. At present only one of the Dalph- lane shafts is in use, and when the contract is finished the town will have a water supply suffi- cient to meet the needs of the population for many years to come.

The Sowerby division electors have pronounced judgment on the Protectionist movement to the same purport as the rest of the constituencies which have been polled since Mr. Chamberlain's ill-starred policy was launched. A majority of 1,410 in the Khaki Election has been increased to one of 2,170. Not only has the Liberal vote largely increased ; what is still more significant, the Unionist poll has suffered an appreciable fall- ing oft. No more striking proof could be afforded that the reflecting men in the party are holding aloof from candidates who give any support to the Protectionist crusade.

Exactly a year has passed since amid gea flourishing of trumpets the Tariff Reform League was called into existence. To celebrate the -occa- sion of the anniversary, the League has is3uoii a statement of its work during the twelve months. How many millions of leaflets it has issued, how many meetings it has hold, are all set forth with impressive eloquence. Unfortunately, on the very day that it appeared in the " Times " the effect was completely marred by an article in the leading Conservative organ, the "Standard," in which the League and its work were roundly declared to have been a ghastly failure so far as converting the electors is concerned. "The constituencies," we are told,"will not tolerate it,, nor does their dislike abate with fkimiliarity." If the collapse of the Unionist party is to be averted, says this faithful monitor 'there must be a plain and uncompro- mising disavowal of a policy which has done nothing but harm to the Unionist cause."

Not long ago the Tariff Reform League pub lished a statement in which the distress in Lancashire caused by the cotton shortage in tile United States was held up for the contemplation of Mr. Winston Churchill. No one but the most ill-informed or unfair of controversialists would have suggested that there is any connection what- ever between the weather in the Southern States of the Union and the Fiscal Ques- tion. However, as the Tariff Reform League was responsible for the insinuation, it can only be supposed that that organization is gravelled for lack of more reputable arguments. The point is only of importance since it enables Free Traders to point out that Great Britain is, as a matter of fact, by no means the worst sufferer from the cotton shortage. At the recent conference at Zurich it was conclusively shewn that, of all the nine cotton-manufacturing countries represented there, France had experienced most acutely the effects of the cotton crisis. And one has yet to learn that France is fanatically devoted to Free Trade.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
The Earth Tremor.

The earth tremor which seems to have been pretty general in the Midlands and Peak district, was slightly felt in Warrington on Sunday afternoon. Mr. Charles White says that at 3.15 in his house in Sankey-street the furniture was !lightly moved for .a few seconds. Several other inhabitants also testify to the same effeet.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events. The annual sermons will be preached at the Baptist church, Latchford, to-morrow (Sunday) by the llev. J. G. Greenhough, LX., ex-president of the Baptist Union and the National Free Church Council. Mr. C. E Parker will address a young people's service in the morning.

The Rev. John Yonge will preach at Wycliffe Church to-morrow (Sunday). In the morning his subject will be "The seed is the Word of God," and in the evening he will speak on "Heroes of shipwreck and heroes of social wreck."

An open meeting of the Warrington P.S.A. Society will be held in the Co-operative Hall, to-morrow (Sunday) afternoon. The Rev. H. Minnie° will be the speaker. There will be a great attraction on the Wilderspool Football Ground on Saturday next, in the annual tournament promoted by the National Fire Brigades Union (North Western District.) An exceptionally interesting programme has been arranged, to conclude with the "house on Fire " scene. -

The Warrington and District Agricultural Society's annual show will be held at Walton Park on Thurs- day, August 11th. Prizes, cups and medals to the value of £750 are offered.

The Widening of Market Gate. The Corporation has decided to proceed forthwith with the demolition of property at Market Gate, and notice to quit has been served upon several occupiers of shop property there.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-63. SANKE Y-STREET, Warri tO a.--"AdV t.

Passive Resisters' Sale at Lymm. The goods of the four Lymm passive resisters, Mr. G.. L. Welford, solicitor, Manchester, Rev. S. R. Woodall, Primitive Methodist minister, and Messrs. Henry Champ and W. Taylor Moss, were sold on Wednesday afternoon on the steps of the Lymm Council offices. There was a fair attendance. Mr. W. Hickman, auctioneer, Warrington, officiated. The goods, which included a copper tea and coffee urn, lady's gold chain, lady's gold brooch, and a silver presentation urn, were all bought by one person for the exact amount of the rate. Afterwards speeches were made by Mr. Henry Champ and the Rev. S. R. Woodall, condemning the Education Act.

RICE BOOTS FOP ALL.—UNDER THE CLOCK.—Advt Secondary School Scholarships. The following is a list of candidates who qualified at the examination recently held(for admission to the Secondary school, arranged in order of merit : 1. Eccles, Wm. Thomas 25. Peak, Walter 2. / O'Brien, Vera, C. 26. Crampton, Percy 0 ( Lees, Robert 27. Worthington, Denys ' 1 Malone, Joseph 28. Clarke, Florence 5. Allender, Thomas H. 29 { Martin' Walter „ I Parry, Theodore Millington, Reginald u 1 Groarke, Thomas 31. Taylor, Florrie O 1 Furness, William S 32 f Saunderq, John o 1 White, Oswald ( Amos, Thomas E. 10. Senior, Clifford W. 34. Leigh, Gertrude 11. Vernon, Monica 35. Lowe, Mildred 12. Barnett, Eric 36. Welsh, Thomas is. Witts, Ruby M. 37. Duckworth, Lena 14. Lister, Sybil qg 1 Grounds, Minnie 1150. 1. Wilson, Wadsworth, y Wilfred j Stanley, Frank „ ( Crosby, Joseph 4A f Wallington, Reginald - ( Hudson. Gracie E. 18. Baker, May 42. Allen, Gertrude M. 19. Isherwood, Fred W. 43. Everall, Charles It. 20. Taylor, Alice 44. Cruickshank,Florence I Starkey, Bessie 45. Lea, James 1 Rathbone, Edward f Ormsby, Grace 23. Taylor, Alice 46 ( Speakman, Ada 24. Ashley, Mildred

ASK for CUSNDTGHAM'S HIGEI-I.7LASS MDIERA WATERS.—Advt.

Mr. Birtles's New Photographic Studio. The new studio which has just been erected to the order of Mr. Birtles, the well-known photographer, to meet the requirements of a growing business, is an altogether up-to-date and well appointed building, and one which will therefore give increased facilities for the work of artistic portraiture, while adding greatly to the comfort of Mr. Birtles's sitters and other customers. Entrance to the new building—of which, by the by, little is to be seen from the street—is gained through the entrance hall of the present studio at Legh House. The new studio is a spacious room, some 44 feet long by 16 feet wide, with excellently arranged lightings enabling the most subtle •' effects" to be secured, the furniture and other accessories being also of an artistic yet home-like charalter as distinguished frcvn much of the theatrical stuff in use by many professional photographers. Under the studio are equally extensive workrooms in which the various processes of developing, printing, fixing, toning and mounting can be conveniently and expedi- tiously carried on. There are also facilities at hand for out-door work when dealing with large groups and for the photographing of hors-es and other animals. Mr. Birtles is to be congratulated upon the comple- tion of the new premises and in thus adding to the business attractions of Warrington. In the use and enjoyment of the new studio we wish him a full measure of the support of his townsmen. The Local War Memorial.

A meeting of the Workingmen's Committee, which is raising funds for the local war memorial, was held on Thursday evening, Mr. D. Davies presiding.—The hon. secretary (Mr. C. J. Newton) read several letters he had received since the last meeting. Mr. H. Ashton (secretary of the Warrington Football Club) wrote stating that his committee had decided to subscribe three guineas, towards the war memorial.—The Chief Constable,in acknowledging receipt of a letter asking the Police Athletic Club to assist the meinlrial fund, said he would lay the matter before the Management Committee. He added that he thoroughly r -cognised the worthiness of the cause.—The Longford Wire Co.,wrote that the month's collections amongst the workmen had realised id 12s. 4d.—The Chairman said the com- mittee's communication to the Cycling Club would be considered at an early date and he had no doubt something would be done.—Mr: Hope (the hon. treasurer) reported that the amount standing to the credit of the committee .at the bank was £:74 Ss. 9d. There was a further sum of at least 25 or £3O in the hands of the collectors at the various works.—A. discussion ensued as to the advisability of holding a concert in the autumn at which a competition would be held for school children. It was proposed to offer prizes for the best recitation of Alderman Bennett's stirring poem "The Song of the Forgotten Dead."— It was decided to write to the head teachers to see if it was practicable for squads from the schools to compete.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 9, 1904

Personal. Captain IL A. Denham (of the depot of Orford), the King's Liverpool Regiment, has been selected for the adjutancy, which recently became vacant, of the 4th battalion (militia). The battalion trains at Altcar during August.

Among the names of those from the Liverpool University upon whom degrees were conferred at the St. George's Hall, Liverpool, appears that of Mr. Richard H. Albery, the physics master at the War- rington Secondary School and Technical Institute. Mr.Albery graduated as Bachelor of Science in 1901, and took honours in physics in 1902. He has now obtained the degree of Master of Science. The Rev. A. F. White, who for the last seven years has been in charge of St. George's Mission, is leaving Warrington for Woolton, where he will have a curacy Tinder Canoi. Spooner, "His departure " says "The Parish Church Magazine," "will be a great loss. The work he has done is in all respects excellent and the results in the numbers of the congregation, of the com- municants, of the Sunday school, of the day .school, and other institutions connected with the Mission are most satisfa e+ory."

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS in latest art shades.—J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

Buckley-street P.S.A. Society. Mr. Joseph Owen presided at the monthly open meeting held on Sunday, and gave an address on "Who is my neighbour ?' Mr. W. Hewitt (of Man- chester) was the speaker. The soloists were Mr. C. Fairhurst, who gave a sweet rendering of "If with a,ll your hearts,' and Mr. Thomas Cook, who•possesses a good baritone voice, sang "Arm, arm, ye brave." Mr. A. E. Trow was the accompanist.

'FIRE GRATES of every description.—.T. S. GA.R- LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street,Warringion.-- Advt. Twenty Mlles an Hour. At Knutsford, on Wednesday, Arthur Robinson, motor driver, Northwich, was fined £5 and costs for driving at a speed dangerous to the public, on Sunday, 12th ult. It was stated that the defendant, who was accompanied by Dr. Alarkel, of Warrington, drove full twenty miles an hours. Dr. Markel said they were trying to overtake another car.

UNDER the CLOCK for GOOD Boom.—Advt. Band Success.

_ We are pleased to record the success of one of our local bands, at a contest held in aid of the local hospital at Verdin Public Park, Northwich, on Satur- day last, the Warrington League of the Cross Band being awarded the second prize in the selection, the test piece being "Recollections of Flowtow." They also secured the first prize in the quick step, the test piece of which was "The Southern Cross." Great credit is due to their conductor (.11r. T. Hynes) for this double success, and it is to be hoped they will not rest at this, but strive to .bring many more prizes to Warrington.

Passive Resisters.

At the Daresbury Petty Sessions next Tuesday, summonses will be heard against several passive resisters, including the Revs. H. Dunnico, J. S. Hughes, and Mr. Law.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington. Petitions Against the Licensing

Bill.

Petitions against the Licensing Bill now before Parliament, containing almost 700 signatures, were presented to the House of Commons on Tuesday last, by the Borough member (Mr. R. Pierpoint from the Wesleyan Methodist Churches in connection with the Warrington Circuit, including Bold-street, Bewsey-road, Padgate, Lymm, Latchford, Sankey Bridges, Ellesmere-street, Stockton Heath, Whitley, Martinscroft, and also Providence Independent' Methodist (Stockton Heath.) ASK for CUNNDIGHA.M'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—AdVt.

Picnic. The Firth Glee Party had a most enjoyable day on Saturday last, leaving Warrington at 8.30 a.m., for Matlock, which place they arrived at at 11.10 a.m. The various caves, caverns, and other places of interest were visited, after which the party drove to Ambergate, where a substantial tea was provided by Mr. S. Green, White House Hotel. After tea the members took the opportimity of presenting, Mr. E. Roberts with a beautiful meerchaum pipe and tobacco pouch for the past energetic service which he has rendered to the party.—Mr. Roberts suitably acknow- ledged the gift by a well thought speech.—During the stay at Ambergate several glees were sung to the delight of a large crowd that had assembled.

PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER the CLOCK for BEST BOOT sin LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Death and Funeral of Mr. W. Atherton._ _

Many Warringtonians will regret to hear of the death, after a brief illness, of Mr. William Atherton, at his residence, 201, Padgate-lane. The deceased for a number of years carried* on business in Gaskell- street as a provision dealer, and also held an off- licence, but a few years ago •retired from business. He was 75 years of age, and leaves a married daughter. The funeral took place at Padgate, the last rites being performed by the Rev.G.Vale 0 wen(curate-in-charge of Orford). Amongst those present in the church and at the graveside were Mr. John H. Draper (son-in-law), Mr. W. Atherton (grandson), Mrs. Shaw (sister), Mr. and Mrs. Southern (brother-in-law and sister), Mr. Nixon, of Birmingham (brother-in-law), Mr. Thomas S. Steel (solicitor), Mr. W. Habberley, and others. There was a number of beautiful wreaths and floral tributes.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE Tone is the KING OE' TONICS.-63, SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. The Manchester and Liverpool District Bank. An ordinary meeting of the shareholders of the Manchester and Liverpool District Banking Co., Ltd., is to be held next Friday at the head office of the company, Spring Gardens, Manchester. The Directors report that the gross profit for the half-year ending 30th June last, after providing for all bad and doubt- ful debts, is £227,431 2s. 2d., to which has to be added the amount brought forward from 31st Decem- ber last, viz, : £34,040 168. us., making a total of £261,471 19s. id. From this sum the following de- ductions have to be made : Total expenses at the Head Office, London Office, and branches, including salaries, stationery, taxes, &c., £80,769 18s. 9d., half- year's provision for income tax, £5,000, leaving a net profit of £175,702 Os. 4d. The directors recommend th e declaration of a dividend of 21s. per share, which will take £131,250, leavinp• a balance of £41,452 Os. 4d. Of this it is proposed to carry to the reserve fund £lO,OOO and to next account £31,452 Os. 4d. The reserve fund, with the above addition, will then amount to £1,795,000.

FOR CLASS AND CHINA of every descriution try J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street. Warrington.—Advt.

Marriage of Mr. George F. F. White. The.marriage took place in Christ Chnrch,Patricroft on Wednesday morning of Mr. George Frederj.ck Free- and White, clerk to the justices of Warrington, son of Mr. H. Brown White, solicitor, of 18, Museum-street and Miss Dora Bowden, daughter of Mr. and Mrs William Bowden, Gorsefield, Patricroft. The cere- mony was very quiet, no invited guests being present The Rev. W. W. D. Frith, M.A., vicar of Christ Church, Patricroft, was the officiating clergyman. The bride who was given away by her father wore a travelling dress of pale grey canvas on silk, trimmed with white cloth and embroidered medallions, and a toque in silk chenille and tulle to match. The bride's only sister, Miss Ethel May Bowden, acted as brides- maid and was gowned in biscuit coloured voile on silk and wore a long gold neck chain the gift of the bridegroom. The bridegroom was supported by the bride's brother, Dr. Bowden, of Warrington. After lunching. at Gorsefteld( the happy pair left for Scot- land, where the honeymoon is to be spent. They were the recipients of nearly VA) presents. These included a solid silver tea and coffee service from the Warring- ton justices; a fish service and an illuniinatea address, conveying expressions of goodwill from the Warrington Borough Police Force and also a portable reading table clock from the Warrington press.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S

1/- TINS ASSORTED BISCUITS.

CONTAINING 12 KINDS:

OVAL RICH TEA KIEL FINGERS

POLO ALEXANDRA

HANOVER I RAGLAN THIN ARROWROOT I CREAM CRACKERS

MEXICAN MILK CIAMT WAFERS CEIEESE WAFERS

===== 0002601_19040709_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
The Manchester Ship Canal Bill.

The petitions presented by the London and North Western Railway Company and the Warrington Cor- poration against this bill have been withdrawn, and it now proceeds as an unopposed measure.

The Vacancy in Howley Ward. The election of Councillor John Evans to an alder- manic seat causes a vacancy in Howley Ward. It a meeting of the Non-trading Committee,held on Thurs- day, it was decided to bring forward Mr. Benson as the non-trading candidate. It will be remembered that he was defeated last November by Councillor John Evans. The Conservatives have not yet selected a candidate.

Volunteer Man muvres. This (Saturday) afternoon the Ist Volunteer Battalion Prince of Wales's Volunteers (South Lancashire Regi- ment) will parade at 3 45, for a short route march to Moore, and will there be exercised in battalion drill and manceuvres. The mounted company, cyclists, machine gun section, signallers, stretcher bearers, and regimental transport wilt take part in the parade. Refreshments will be served on the field.

Accident at the Central Station. John Bostock, a single man residing at Stretton, met with a serious accident at the Central Station on Walking Day. Bostock is a shunter, and at 9.15 p.m. he was standing on the line when he was.knocked down by a local train from Warrington to Manchester. One of his legs was cut off and the other was broken, the limb having subsequently to be amputated at the Infirmary. Bostock is still detained in the institution and is doing as well as can be expected.

LADIES BEST •GLA.CE BOOTS and SHOES, UNDER the CLOCK. BRID GE-STREET.—A&. Sunday School Teachers' Trip. The tea,chors at St. Paul's Sunday School had their annual trip on Monday. The party, numbering 53,in- eluding the Vicar and Mrs. Bracecamp, left Warring- ton,at 12 noon, and drove through the beautiful Dela- mere Forest to Beeston Castle. On arriving at Bees- ton tea was provided. Then the party visited the castle and caves, and roamed about the grounds until p.m., when a start was made for home. Warrington was reached at 11.30 after an enjoyable outing.

Child Scalded to Death. Mr. S. Brighouse held an inquest at the Police Sta- tion on Thursday, touching the death of Noel John Buckle, aged six. months, son of Mary Constance, 80, Winwick street, Warrington, who died on Monday night, from scalding iniurie3.—lt appears that on June 22nd the mother put the child on the hearthrug whilst she placed a frying pan on the fire. She moved a pan full of boiling water,which tilted,and the contents fell on the child, scalding it severely.—A. verdict of "Accidental Death " was returned. Musical Successes.

The following pupils of Jr. W. H. Payton Mus. Bee., have been successful in passing the examinations of the Trinity College, London, recently held in Liver- pool:—Preparatory grade,pianoforte,UillicentPiggford; junior grade, pianoforte, Niay A.tkinson ; intermAiate grade,pianoforte, Gladys Atherton, (honours) ; inter- mediate grade pianoforte, George Underwood; Senior grade, organ, ffaster Willie Pearce. A Conscientious Objector.

At the Borough Police C nut yestesday, Thomas Taker, Lovely-lane, applied for a certificate exempting his child from vaccination—Before the application was heard, the Hayor (who had been presiding), Alderman Smethurst. and Councillor Tinnion left the Bench, the Ilayor remarking "If any of you want to take vaccination cases, you can do so. "—Apolieant stated that he did not believe in vaccination. He had had four children, all of whom were born healthy, but after they had been vaccinated, he had "no end of trouble " with them. Three of the children had died. —Mr..C. S. Burgess intimated that he did not wish to grant the certificate andleft the Ihnch —The applica- tion was granted by Councillors Thornton, Wilkin-son. and John Roberts.

The Liberal Bazaar. In connection with the grand Libaral bazaar to be held in October next, there was a garden party at Penketh Lodge on Wednesday when Mr.and Mrs. Chas. E. Parker very kindly acted as host and hostess to the bazaar executive and stall-holders. The attend- ance was encouragingly large, and Mr. and Mrs. Parker were assiduous in attending to the comfort and enjoyment of their guests. The gardens were mach admired, and with the weather keeping fine tea was partaken of very pleasantly on one of the lawns. Mr. A.. El. Crosfield and Miss Crosfield, and Mr. and 'Mrs. Armitage were among those present.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
British Women's Temperance Association.

In connection with the above society a rummage sale was held in the Ragged Scho )1, which had been kindly lent for the purpose. Mrs. Garnett opened the sale at 3 o'clock, when the purchasers eagerly sur- rounded the stalls to buy what articles of clothing, they mostly, stood in need of, for with the majority money waS very scarce. Dress skirts were mostly in demand, several poor women being very much -dis- appointed at not being able to get one. If only. the hats could have been transformed into dresses, all would have been supplied.—lt 7 o'clock a very enjoyable concert c)mmenced, presided over by Miss Bessie Dutton. Hrs.- Jackson Holmes and her musical friends, along with other young ladies of the town,. gave great pleasure by their songs and violin solos The recitations from Miss Minnie Whitmore and Mr. Whitfield were very much appreciated. The success of the sale was due to several of the mambers and to the young men of the Band of Hops Union, whose help was very valuable. Friends ware very kind in sending parcels and donations. Mrs. Roberts, Sunny- side, sent ss. The proceeds, being a little over will go to the building in Manchester of the head offices for the Lancashire and Cheshire Band of Hope Union. Sergeant Barlow Complimented.

Sergeant Barlow, of the Warrington roree, was warmly congratulated upon his recent promotion at the close of an inquest held at the Police Station on Thursday evening.—Mr. S. Brighouse, County Coroner, said that before discharging the jury he would like to mention that Mr. Barlow had been lately appointed first-class staff sergeant. He would not be doing his duty to Mr. Barlow if he did not publicly recognize the services he had rendered to the jury and himself (Mr. Brighouse) during the time he had been Coroner's officer. Mr. Barlow was appointed to the post in September, 1898, and since then the duty haft been imposed upon him of report- ing 630 cases of deaths to the Coroner, and arranging for 309 inquests.. He (Hr. Brighouse) was not accus- tomed to flatter people, and he always said what he thought. He had no hesitation in saying that Mr. Barlow was one of the best Coroner's officers in the whole of South-West Lancashire. He knew exactly what he (Mr. Brighouse) required, and he reported the circumstances in connection with deaths in an intelligent fashion, thus enabling him (Ur. Brighouse) to decide whether, it was necessary to hold inquests or not. He (the Coroner) felt certain that Mr. Barlow made the way of both Coroner and jury pleasant, and—what was of far greater importance he made the ways of those who had suffered pleasant also.--.llr. F. J. Whittle, on behalf of the jury, supplemented the Coroner's remarks. He was sure Mr. Barlow was a very good officer, and well merited the promotion he had obtained.—Mr. Barlow said he could hardly find words in which to return thanks, but he would say that he had always tried to mix dis- cretion with law in discharging his duties.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
PLAINTIFF'S HUSBAND ON-THE JURY.

At the Lewes Assizes last week a prisoner was charged with an offence against a woman. and after the trial had proceeded some time, it was discovered that the woman's husband was on the jury. A serious accident happened to Mr. George Done, of Gorton, near Manchester, on Sunday night, while cyc- ling from St. Helens to Gorton. About 10.30 he was riding down the brow near the Dam at Lymm when he collided with a Mr. Booth. Mr. Dane who sustained a fractured skull, was conveyed in an unconscious con- dition by the Warrington Police Horse Ambulance to the Infirmary where he was detained as an inpatient. Mr. Booth, who got a rather rough shaking, was able to re- turn home. Mr. Joseph Chamberlain celebrated his 68th birthday yesterday, having been born on July 8, 1836. He unsuccessfully contested Sheffield in 1874, but has eoresented Birmingham in the House of Commons since June. 1876. Mr. Balfaur's birthday is also this month, he having been born on July 25, 1848, whilst the Duke of Devonshire's seventy-first birthday will occur,on th 3rd in st.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURESQUE PWLLHELI INVADED BY WARRINGTONIANS.

INCIDENTS OF A DAY TRIP.

The invading force was five hundred strong. From I nearly all parts of Warrington and a few outlying districts people had come to swell the ranks. Bank Quay Station was the place of assembly, the time, 5.30 a.m., on Saturday. The plan of campaign was an invasion of Pwllheli, but lest 'my readers imagine that there were warlike intentions, I may at once say that the mission was in the truest sense a peaceful one. Pleasure seeking was its only object, and in the attainment of that end Warringtonians are pre- pared to go a long way. It matters little to the day tripper that his repose must be cut short soon after daybreak, and that oftener than not, midnight will be passed 'ere he returns to his cot. You meet him hurrying to the station in the small hours, his face one vast, substantial smile, and when night comes although he may be thoroughly tired out, he has the proud consciousness of having achieved something—of having, perhaps, done a much harder though infinitely more congenial day's work than his employers will require of him during the week. Before Saturday the Warrington day tripper had probably never penetrated to remote Pwllheli. Whether he had ever attempted to arm-mance the name is still more doubtful. Mr. R. A. Naylor deter- mined that his employes at Howley timber works should have an opportunity of seeing the glories of the little Carnarvonshire resort, and the trip, was the outcome of his generosity. Employes, wives, sweethearts and friends made ito merry party and as usual Mr. L. Henshall, the genial manager, was at the helni. He takes a thorough interest in arranging for these outings, and it is gratifying to him when everything passes off well. By the way, the budding hopeful with matrimonial aspirations received every encouragement on trip day. Each employe over eighteen was invited to apply for a free extra ticket for his own particular lady friend," and it was plainly intimated that no sister or casual friend was expected to avail herself of this privilege. I have no doubt that lfr. Naylor's thought- fulness was appreciated in the proper quarter. There is the usual bustle when the train steams in, and at ten minutes to six we are speeding on our way. How refreshing is the cool morning air! There has been rain over night, and now the sun's rays light up the landscape, and all nature 'seems to rejoice. The travellers inhale some- thing of the freshness of this bright July morning, and everyone is in the happiest of moods. Past the hills of Frodsham and Helsby we speed, and soon quaint old Chester, with its placid river and weather beaten walls, is reached. Then on to Rhyl. Here we leave the beaten track,- as it were, and find ourselves amidst what are truly "fresh fields and pastures new." It is not long before we get a glimpse of the sea, and we looked out to admire Colwyn Bay and its fine promenade. Inland we feast the eyes on delight- ful mountain scenery. The richly wooded slopes,bathed in the pure sunlight, make such a 'charming picture that the trippers would fain indulge in an invigorating ramble. Perched on a hill-side, and einbowered in spreading trees, is seen Madame Patti's residence— Craig-y-Don. Picturesque Conway, with its grim fortress, carries the imagination to the "good old days "of feuds and warfare. The Morfa.—so familiar to many of our citizen soldiers—is dotted with tents, but although the trippers raise arousing cheer, most of the red-coats are. are constrained to silence, for they are on parade. Now the train winds in and out among the mountains We notice with some uneasiness that many of the peaks are capped with inky clouds. "If only they should burst!" we reflect. Presently a grand view of the Menai Straits is unfolded. Anglesey, with its rich woodlands, looks a real "gem of the sea," and we are revelling in this charming prospect when all eyes are directed on the graceful suspension bridge. A few minutes later the fine tubttlar bridge comes in for its due share of admiration. Bangor and its Cathedral are left behind, and at half past eight the engine steams into ye ancient borough ,of Carnarvon. Several passengers, eager to scan the news of the day, make their way to the bookstall, but I they are disappointed. The gentleman in charge assures them that, while the morning papers have not yet arrived, he has an excellent stock of picture post- cards! On leaving Carnarvon station we catch a glimpse of the old castle, standing sentinel as it were I over the town. Another run through beautiful mountain scenery brings us to the little junction of , Mon Wen. Here we join the Cambrian Company's single line, and in a few minutes—Pwllheli! This is evidently a great day in the out-of-the-world corner, for people are seen running excitedly down the hill side to watch the long train's arrival. The inspiriting strains of a band are heard and we—at least some of us—step from . the train with the air of conquering heroes. It is not so easy to pre- serve a dignified demeanour, when one has to leap a yard or two from a carriage to the ground. A. few excursionists who had to per- form this feat inquired loudly " Where's the landing stage ?" But Pwllheli is apparently not used to big day trips, and the platform is constructed accord- ingly." The band leads us from the ,station, and our triumphal entry to Pwllheli creates quite a stir, the inhabitants gathering. at street corners to gaze upon this "passing show." Our way takes es through the old-world part of the town. Facing the harbour, where several small ' craft float lazily, are trim white-wasited home- steads, had nicely laid-out gardens. Lovely fuschias ' flourishing in the open air remind us of Mona's Isle. Having traversed a few quaint narrow streets—with which Wa.rringtonians are not altogether unfamiliar-- we gain the fashionable West-end and a glorious sea , view bursts upon us. Now we can see what Pwllheli is really like! All clouds have rolled away, the sun beams radiantly from an azure sky flecked with the lightest of clondlets. The. magnificent sweeping bay, the dancing blue waters streaked here and there with a deeper hue, the background of rugged moun- tain scenery—peak after peak rising on all sides— make up a glowing picture which a painter might delight to depict. And such an exhilarating breeze ! It fills one 'with new life, and blows the cobwebs away—in a twinkling almost. Mr. Naylor and his esteemed sister are waiting to receive their guests, and there are pleasant smiles of recognition and cordial hand-shaking. Pwllheli is one of the well- known Carnarvon Boroughs and, as all my readere know, Mr. Naylor is assiduously wooing the constitu- ency. The place has a special interest for. us on that account. There is something fascinating, too, about the pronunciation of the name. When you look at the spelling you are inclined to give it up in disgust. Ask a native to enlighten you, and you are astonished to learn that such a mixture of letters can produce .a sound like " Poolthely." Only, .of course, there is an inimitable• Welsh accent before which the French nasal sound pales into insignificance. Breakfast is awaiting us at the West End, and with appetites whetted by the long journey the visitors need no pressing. The meal should have been served in a marquee on the Recreation Ground,but the wind willed otherwise. During the night the canvas was blown to the ground, and the tram shed had to be com- mandeered as a haven of refuge. It is a huge. family party when all the guests are seated, and the band dis- coursing at the entrance adds enlivenment—if any were needed.

! When one's time is limited, there is nothing like systematic pleasure seeking. Each tripper had been furnished with a handy little guide, so that no places of interest within easy access could be missed. Breakfast over, I join a small party intent upon exploring the Gimlet Rock which juts out abruptly at the entrance of the harlymr. The walk along the beach, strewn with innumerable pebbles, is delightful. How peaceful everything is ! None of the boisterousness of crowded, modern resorts has intruded here ! A short climb, and we are on the lower part of the Gimlet Rock. The ceaseless beating of the sea has hewn it: into a hundred fantastic shapes. As we stand—truly alone with nature —waves rapidly break upon the rock, sending showers of spray high into the air. One could dally here for hours, but time and excursion trains wait for no man,and there is so much to be done. We clamber to the summit of this won- derful rock, and the view 'repays us a hundred fold. Before is the broad expanse of open sea ; the moun- tain ranges stand out boldly across the bay ; whilst almost at our feet, but just a little in the background, the old harbour completes the pictur- esque scene. Retracing our steps to the West End we decide upon a tram ride to Llanbedrog, Mr. Naylor having generously provided the tickets. The metals are laid along the beach, so that we enjoy the full sea breeze all the way. The cars are one horse vehicles of a rather primitive kind. For a time all goes smoothly, but when the points have to be negotiated there is a jolt—the car is off the lines ! The little

Welsh conductor is heard talkirag rapidly n his mother tongue, and an unkind passenger invites him to relieve his feelings in English. Warringtonians have a way of rising to an emergency. The men soon put their shoulders to the car, and 'after a long, strong push the metals are regained. This is the only untoward incident, and we extract plenty of amusement from it. A short ride brings us to Llanbedrog—a charming rustic spot with a pretty, secluded bay. We lose no time in making our way to the Glen-y-Weddw grounds, the tickets presented by Mr. Naylor again being the "Open Sesame." Ideally situated at the foot of a sheltering mountain, the grounds boast a wealth of luxurious foliage. Not far from the entrance is a fine turreted mansion, at one time the residence of Lady Love Jones Parry, but now converted into an art gallery. There is a splen- did collection of pictures—many by eminent masters. Having inspected the hall, we ramble along shady paths arched with trees,until we see signposts with the direction" Path to the mountain." In a few minutes we are clear of the woods, and the ascent begins in earnest. A small stone rail is scaled, and then we trudge aloag over gorse and heather until the summit is gained: From such an elevation the visitor can see for many miles, and both landscape and marine views are glorious. Pwllheli, or as much as can be seen of it, looks almost like a small village in the distance. The breeze simply tears round one, and hats must be held down with both hands. The descent is easy enough, and we are soon seated in the cars again. To hear Lancashire spoken of at its true worth, one has to go to Wales: I got into conversation with a proud native of the Principality, and ventured to congratu- late him upon the beauties of Pvllhlj. "[hive seen many prettier places in England,' was his reply. I asked him to instance one, and was not a little sur- prised when he answered "Southport." Familiarity,

There is another happy gathering for tea, and of course the occasion cannot be allowed to pass without a little speech-making. Mr. Naylor is cheered to the echo, and in acknowledging the compliment cannot refrain from touching upon "foreign competition." The train is to leave at 7.4, so we have just time for a last look round the town. The day has been long, and many of the trippers, tired but happy, are seated in the train over half an hour before the homeward journey liegins. With the most pleasing of recollec- tions, we leave picturesque Pwllheli. The outing, we are all unanimous, has been a grand success. Soon rain sets in, but it only makes the trippers think how favoured they have been throughout the day. The run home is painfully slow. The poor engine really seems overburdened with its heavy freight, and there are several halts for "lubrication." The piers;are in darkness when we pass through Colwyn Bay and Rhyl—but most of the passengers are too sleepy to notice this. It is a delightful sensation to be patiently waiting on Walton Arches at 12-30 midnight for the mail to pass! One thinks "So near and yet so far." We steam into Bank Quay at 12.40, having been on our way fi.ye hours. This is, in fact the last excursion to returr.. Mr. Henshall smilingly watches the multitude descend to the subway. "They can all count the steps this morning," las remarks. They certainly could. E.I.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
STEKTON HEATH V. WARRINGTON. Messrs. England and H. J. Westbrook

at Variance. ----- Stockton Hun an tha Warrington Light Railways.

[To THE EDITOR.] Sir,—The following two facts forma sufficient answer to Mr. England's letter and its enclosure, viz.: (1) It was expressly ruled by the Light Railway Com- missioners that the Stockton Heath Parish Council had a right to be heard; (2) the Parish Council were hoard and in subsequent negotiations with the Corporation they obtained terms which, so fares regards road-width, gave the Stockton Heath people a road 50 feet wide instead of one 45-feet wide, the width asked for by the County Council.—Yours, &c.

H. J. 'WESTBROOK. Stockton Heath, sth July, 1901.

[The above letter appeare'd. also in the "Guardian" on Wednesday and Mr. England has since forwarded the following reply.—En. "Ex."]

===== 0002601_19040709_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
[To THE EDITOR.] The Widening of Old London Road.

Sir,—The kindness of Mr. H. J. Westbrook is simply crushing. Evidently not being satisfied with the answer that the Town Clerk of Warrington had beeft good enough to give me on the question of the widen- ing of Old London Road,he with more zeal than discre- tion, I suggest, rushes into the matter. I may say that personally I was quite satisfied with the answer that the Town Clerk gave me, as I was under the impression that in this matter he was the leading authority and that is why I referred to him. However it is apparent there is at least one person who is eagerly prepared to enter the lists and even to question the Town Clerk's opinion. Mr. Westbrook I hope will pardon me, when I say that I should not have thought of referring to his letter and not have thought of further pursuing the matter, if it had not been ope of public interest. In his letter he says the following two facts ' form a suffi- cient answer to Mr. England's letter and its enclosure. I must confess my surprise at Mr. West- brook's "two facts." We do not expect gentlemen of the learned profession—which I hope Mr. Westbrook some day will be a bright ornament—to fall into grievous errors of the nature he has done. I can only account for it on the ground of zeal and hurry. I may say at this juncture that I have courteously been allowed to see the documents and papers relating to this matter. _

Now what do I find with regard to Mr. Westbrook's "two facts " First of all with reference to No. 1. Although as the Town Clerk very cogently pointed out in his letter that the Light Railway Acts do not recognise a Parish Council. instead of it being as stated by Mr. Westbrook "that it was ruled they had a right" it was only by the courtesy of the Town Clerk of War- rington and the Light Railway Commissioners that the Parish Council were heard at all and it was simply granted as a" privilege." There is a great difference between " rights " and" privileges.' In fact parish councils have no locus staruli in matters of this kind and they are not even mentioned in the order granted at all, the term "local authority" referred to, meaning the Cheshire County Council and the Runcorn Rural District Authority. With reference Ito "Fact No. 2," on referring to the order I find that ! it is stated that the "metalled portion of the 'road shall not be less than 35 feet wide with a footpath not less than five feet on each side thereof i.e. road and footpaths inclusive not less than 45 feet wide." So much for Mr. Westbrook's " fact No. 2" Ein which Ile stated that "Oa* , Parish Council obtained terms which gave the Stockton I Heath people i road 50 feet wide instead of one 45 ' feet wide, the width asked for by the County Council." Nowhere in the order is 50 feet even mentioned and the road is not and will not be made 50 feet wide. I May I add that it is only fair and just that the credit of the widening of Old London-road should be given to , the Warrington Corp Oration and the Warrington and Northwich Light Railway whose enterprise it is to be hoped will eventually be crowned with success. May I also saw that it might have been vissible to have arranged for Old London-road to have been made GO feet wide, ' but when local bodies oppose schemes, then districts have to be satisfied with what is granted. It is sheer madness for the weaker body to adopt a dictatorial and opposition policy as has been demonstrated in Stockton Heath as well as elsewhere, but I am glad to say that symptoms have been observed since the last parish meeting of certain parish cour.cillors trimming their sails ready for a tack in another direction. In future a more ! reasonable policy will I think, be adopted.—Yours 1 faithfully,

E. ENGLAND.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF

WARRINGTON.

ENDING JULY 2nd,_ 1904,

Daring the week, the following births and deaths were registered :—Warrington Registration District births, 36; deaths, 13. The excess of births over deaths was 23. • The birth-rate was equal to 27.4. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 9.9 per 1,000, against 214 the average of the previous 4 weeks and against 12'3 the correspondinkr period of last year. The death-rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 0.7 per 1,000, against 6•0 the average rate of the previous 4 weeks and against 3.8 the correspond- ing period of 1903. The ages of mortality were :- 0-1. 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65—up. Total 4 2 5 2 13

The deaths included 1 from whooping cough' 1 from influenza 2 from phthisis,lfromfrom tubercular diseases, 1 from cancer, 2 fromlung disease, 2 from heart disease, 3 from all other causes. - -

The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during tile wee; :—Scarlet fever, 9 cases erysipelas 2 case. Total number of patients in hospital, week ending June 2nd, 80. METEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 59 Fah., and therefore 3 deg higher than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 76 Ft, was recorded on he 29th June, and the minimum temperature 46 F., on the 26th June. The rainfall mcasurel 14 inch. The general direc- tion was S.E .

J. GUEST GORNALL. Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH AND STRENGTH.

Nature's best gifts are those that contribute towards health and strength. The active principle of the best remedial agents (sarsaparilla, burdock, gentian, lavendee saffron, dandelion, and quinine) constitute Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the most reliable tonic, purely vegetable. Health has many handmaids, and all depend on strength of nerve and muscle. We exact too much from these in the daily competitivestruggle for success in life,and we have to suffer inconsequence—indigestion weakness, nervousness, sleeplessness, liver dfsorders, chest affections, and numerous other complaints. Now all these are successfully combated with. the sus- taining assistance of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the best remedy of the age. It is safe, sure, and permanent in its effect. If you find Tou are almost unable to fellow your daily vocation, Immediately strengthen your constitutim by taking a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. They make the weak strong, and give new heart and "go "to the weary toiler. They revive the spirits and strengthen the nerves. By giving tone to the whole constitution they ward off fevers and other ailments. No family should be without a bottle. An occasional dose, taken when a man has felt slightly out of sorts, has prevented many a long illness. We assert theabove confidentially. Mau is much more subject to the influence of his surroundings than is generally supposed. The ill effects upon the general health of living in close, ill-ventilated, and badly-lit homes, offices, or work- shops, are, of course, well known to everyone who has studied hygiene; while the life-giving effects oj sunlight and fresh air are equally well known. The same may be said of the results of the various climatic changes. The injurious effects of a prevailing east wind are evident to all observant persons; and the depressing influence of an approaching thunderstorm on some constitutions has also been observed by most people. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters may be termed an insurance policy against "catching cold," for it gives stamina and a healthy vitality to resist climatic changes and is a reliable safeguard against colds, chills, and coughs, which frequently happen through the weakness of the constitution being unable to resist the effects of the changeableness of the weather. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters never disappoints when given a fair trial, and no medicine has had so many imitators,but the purchaser has the remedy against such deceit in his own hands. Note particularly the name" Gwilym Evans " on the label, on the stamp, and on the bottle (a threefold precaution), without which none are genuine. Refuse all others then you will have the satisfaction of benefiting by the unrivalled vi rtures of this great tonic. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. Gd. each by chemists and patent medicine vendors, or will be sent direct by the proprietors, without any extra charge to any address in the United Kingdom. Sole Proprietors :—Quinine Bitters I`..lanufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, south Wales._ _

===== 0002601_19040709_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
13EFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

WA.RRINGTON MAN'S STRANGE CONDITCT.-CHARGING

INTO CROWDS ON HORSEBACK. When Daniel Taylor, greengrocer, 16, Paul-street, appeared in the dock at the Borough Police Court on Monday, the Chief Constable explained that there was a Tather formidable list of charges against the prisoner. Prom what Taylor's father had told him, he (Mr. Talbot) felt convinced that prisoner was, for the time being at all events, non compos mentis, and it was desirable that he should be placed under restraint. He would ask for the case to be adjourned for a fortnight, and in the meantime prisoner could be detained in a proper institution and have his mental state inquired into. Prisoner had been going about on horseback wildly charging into crowds, without any apparent reason.— Prisonm's father was called and) stated that he and his wife had been afraid of the prisoner. He was all right now.—On hearing this statement the Chief Constable proceeded with the case.—Prisoner was first charged with having been drunk in charge of a horse and trap in Arpley-road at 8-55 on Saturday night.—P.C. Clough proved the case and said that on being taken to the lock- up the prisoner acted like a lunatic.—Prisoner was then charged with having been drunk whilst in charge of a horse on June 26th, and with furiously riding the horse in Paul-street and Wilderspool-road on the same date. P.C. Corbett said he saw p!i.oner riding the horse very furiously near St. James's Church. He was waving his hat and shouting" I'm off to London, Hurrah !” Witness shouted to him to stop, but prisoner took no notice.— Chief Inspector Phillips stated that when prisoner was brought to the Police Station on Saturday night he was very noisy and acted almost like a lunatic.—P.C. Dyson spoke to seeing prisoner riding furiously in Paul-street. —Prisoner complained to the magistrates that the police would not allow him toleave the cell when he wanted.— From his manner, the Bench were satisfied that his state of mind ought to be inquired into, and sent him to the Workhouse for 14 days.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

Minor Casas.

SATURDAY.—Before Mr. Birchall (presiding), Alder- man Bennett, Messrs J. W. Hayward, R. T. Fair- _ _

clough, and A. J. Jolley. ASSAULTED 17.1 THE MARKET PLACE.—George and James Kopkins, who made their 48th and 30th appear- ance respectively, were charged with having been drunk and disorderly in the Market-place on Friday night. James was further charged with assaulting a clerk, named William Lake, who resides in Parker-street.— P.C. J. Cooper stated that he was in the Market-place shortly before seven o'clock, and saw the prisoners drunk. They were making use of obscene language, and acting in a very disorderly manner. Mr. Lake went into an outbuilding and the prisoner James struck him a deliberate blow on the cheek. He (the officer) then arrested the prisoners, who were very disorderly, Mr. Lake assisting him.—James was sent to gaol for two months and George for one month.

MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Councillors Thornton and Tinnion,Messrs. T. Birchall, S. Wright, W. Roberts, E. Woods and G.

Pilling. _ MARGARET OAKES AGAlN.—Margaret Olkes,Crossley street, i was charged with having been drunk and disor- derly n Fennel street at 2.35 on Saturday afternoon.— Prisoner is a notorious character, the Chief Constable remarking that she appeared almost as monthly as the "Strand magazine.—Fined 10s. and cost.. DisonDEß.—Bridget Harrop, Orchard-street, was bound over to keep the peace and ordered to pay the costs for disorderly behaviour.—James Quigley, loiterer, 25, Naylor-street • Michael Morren. 30, James- street ; William Cunningham, 29, James-street, and James Smith, labourer, 42, James-street, were charged with making unseemly noises in St. James-street to the hrmoyance of passengers -on June 29th.—P.C. Corbett proved the case.—Smith did not appear and he was fined 10s. and costs; the other defendants were fined .ss. each. MARKET ROBBERY.—Margaret Forrest, of Chester's- yard, wasTcharged with stealing a pair of boots value is. lid., the property of Joseph Frisby and Company.—

• • •

Prisoner went to the prosecutors' stall on Saturday afternoon, made a small purchase, and when Mrs. Frisby, who was in charge of the stall, was thought not to be looking, prisoner picked up a pair of boots and put them under her shawl. When remonstrated with she struck Mrs. Frisby a blow and made her escape. The police were informed and Superintendent Monaghan arrested her. She was perfectly sober and the sum of us. B.ld. was found in her possession.—The Chief Constable said the prisoner's husband was a very respectable man, and there was no reason so far as he could see for her to commit the robbery. She had been previously charged with a simlar offence and had been leniently dealt with. She was fined 10s.

CRUELTY TO A HORSE.—Fred Bancroft, 37, St. Mary- street, was charged with working a horse while it was in an unfit condition on the 25th June.—lnspector Gibson, R.S.P.C.A. said the horse was lame on both hind legs and on the near fore leg. It was reeling about and altogether was in a very bad state.—Defendapt agreed to have the animal destroyed, and he was ordered to pay the costs.

TH-ITR-SDAY.—Before Messrs. C. White (in the chair),W.

Roberts, and J. R. "No CHANCE TO REFOR.M."—William Cotton, living at a common lodging house in Scotland road, was sen , to gaol for a month for having been drunk and dis- orderly in Hill street.—Prisoner was very violent when taken into custody, and P. C's • Dyson and Holland had great difficulty in forcing him into a cell.—Superin- tendent Monaghan saidithe prisoner had a shocking record.—Prisoner complained that the megistrates would not give him chance to reform. FRlMAX.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Councillors Roberts, Wilkinson,, Tinnion,

and Thornton, and Mr. C. S. Burgess. NEIGHBOURS' SQUABBLES.—George Rutter, 6 Apple- ton-street, was summoned for assaulting Peter Connor, 7, Appleton-street, on June 29th.—Complainant said defendant challenged him to fight, but he declined. Defendant then broke in the door of his house, and dragging complainant into the street, struck him several times in the face.—Complainant denied striking defendant with a poker.—Rutter called a witness who stated that Conner hit him with the poker.—Defendant had previously been dealt with for disorderly conduct, and the magistrates dismissed the case.—Fred Turner, 14, Appleton-street, was then charged with assaulting Connor on the same date.—Defendant said Connor was belabouring Rutter with the poker, and he (defendant) interfered.—The case was dismißsed. _

A WA RRA.NT.—Thomas Mitchell, 4, Litherland's-yard, did not appear to answer a summons charging him with assaulting his wife Cecilia Mitchell, and a warrant was issued.

(41 "I FIND N3IHING ,-.. LI! SO FORE SHING , ,w '• IT 'yr? • AND r; 'd 1) kj ' 't " -A.. la..- ...*. e•:$1 after a severe feat of strength," is the testimony of a famous Athlete (Mr. Launceston Elliot), on ..._. 71 i. 4 fe 40Yel freaW _. utc.,34 It is an exceedingly nourishing food beverage possessing all the essentials necessary for the sustenance of the body, - hHighly beneficial to young •if, 4( and old at all times and 0-4 V: • . 1 all seasons ~•, 4 Delicious, Soatl;in:l, and I Easily Digested. " The StAudard of Hlghe,t Purity.' • —The I-haw • l CZ 'f•il-.V.,3•VVra.744V1 S . C CC)C3LiI , .r . A.BSDLUTHY PURE i - therefore BEST. , ,-, ... . r'r ---'

===== 0002601_19040709_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND COURT.

Before Mr. H. Roberts (in the chair), Alderman Pier- point, Messrs. Hepherd, Pilling, Jolley,and Reynolds. "Six OF ONE AND HALF-A-DOZEN OF 'HE OTHER." —Maud Harris, Warrington View, Knutsford Road, Latchford, was summoned for assaulting Mary Noneley.— Mr. Steel represented the co mplai mint and Mr. Browne defended.—Mr. Steel said the parties were neighbours. On June 30th complainant remonstrated, with defendant's son who was throwing stones. Defendant thereupon rushed out, seized her by the hair, and dragged her to the ground.— Mr. Browne said it was a case of" six of one and half- a-dozen of the other."—After hearing evidence, the Bench dismissed the case.

A WALKING DAY SCENE.—John Ilennessey,3, Pocket- street, was summoned for assaulting Mary Ann Shaw, 6, Poqket-street, on July lst.—Mr. Steel appeared for the complainant and said that on the evening in question defendant came home under the influence of drink and used bad language about his wife. Mrs. Shaw asked him to desist, and without more ado he gave her a violent push and threw her on her back in the street. Later he made a rush at her, and sent her across the street with such force that her head came into contact with the setts, and a deep wound was inflicted.—Defendant said the complainant was drinking in his house when he came home, and he ordered her out. As she would not go, he ejected her, and she slipped and fell.—The case was dismissed.

A RAPID PERFORMANCE.—Henry Edward Riley, 27, Naylor-street, was charged with having deserted his wife, Margaret Riley, 29, Battersby-lane—Mr. Steel ap- peared for the complainant, and said the defendant had periodical spells of laziness or drunkenness, and would not attend to his work. He left his wife in May and had not been home or sent any money since. She had to go into the Workhouse, and the Guardians prosecuted the defendant who was sentenced to a month's imprison- ment. He came out of prison a fortnight last Satur- day, and had not provided a home or given complainant any monev.—The magistrates considered the defendant had not had sufficient time to provide a home, and ad- journed the case for a month. The Chairman said the case appeared to be a rather rapid performance. WENT TO AMERICA.—James Ross, Morris's-court, Church-street, was charged with deserting his wife, Myra Ross, 46, Sankey-street.--Mr. Browne appeared for the complainant, and said the parties had been married fifteen years. Three years last April defend- ant sold the seventh house of furniture they had dot together and went to America. He promised to send his wife El a week, but she had never received a penny from him. In her evidence, complainant said she worked in a tanyard for three months to maintain herself.—The magistrates granted a separation order with 10s. per week alimony, the wife to have the custody of the children. A guinea advocate's fee was allowed, the Chairman remarking "The man who runs away and leaves his wife and children for three years, deserves everything the law can give him." OnscENE LANGUAGE —Winifred Hennessey, Pocket- street, was summoned at the instance of Sarah Jane Shaw for making use of obscene language in Pocket- street on July 2nd.—Mr. Steel represented the corn- plainant.—A fine of ss. and costs was imposed.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
VOLUNTEER PRIZE MEETING.

Result of the Competitions.

There were some keen competitions at the Volunteer prize meeting held at Appleton Range on Saturday. Sergeant-Drummer Plinston was the best shot of the day, and carried off the sergeant's prize with an aggre- gate of 36 points out of a possible 40 points. The following were the results : OFFICERS' COMPETITION. Coy. Points. Captain Avery M.f. ... Major Fairclough D 011 Captain Crosdeld I .., •)5 Lieutenant Layton SERGEANTS' COMPETITION.

Coy. Pts. Prize ll'y

41 s. ci. Sergeant-Drummer Plinston A ... 36 ... 2 0 0 Sergeant W. Taylor A ... 27 ... 110 0 Sergeant W. Roberts Q.-M.-Sergeant Wilcocks Sergeant Thompson Cyc. ... 26 ... 10 0 Colour-Sergeant Wood Colour-Sergeant Jolley CORPORALS' COMPETITION.

Coy. Points. Prize 31'y_.

£ s. -d. Corporal Fogg Lance-Corporal Wright Lance-Corporal Banning Lance-Corporal Nixdorf H ... 23 ... 15 0 Corporal Lowe Lance-Corporal Allen Lance-Corporal Sherratt C ... 19 ... 5 0

PRIVATES' COMPETITION.

Coy. Points. Prize M'y.

_ Private Crozier E ... 34 ... 2 0 0 Private Whalley B ... 33 ... 1 5 0 Private Smith Cyc.... 31 ... 0 15 0 Private Thornton H ... 28 ... 0 12 0 Private George Private Millar Private Collins Bugler Jolley A ... 25 ... 0 6 0 Private Samson Cyc. ... 25 ... 0 5 0 Private Fraughton Private Bosward RECIZ.L"IT' COMPETITION.

Coy. Points. Prize M'x.

_ £ s. a. Recruit Ridyard Recruit Gould 15 0

Recruit Lear

26 ...

Recruit Hughes F ... 26 ... 12 6 Recruit Dodson F ... 23 ... 10 0 Recruit Houghton Recruit Sloper Recruit Foster Recruit Hadfield \LT ... 21 ... 4 0

===== 0002601_19040709_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPPEN HALL.

HORSE KILLED BY LIGHTNING.—During the thunder storm last Saturday morning a horse, belonging to Mr. W. Bradford, was struck by lightning and killed. THE CRICKET CLUE.—LaSt week's match, for the Ist, was played at Lostock Gralam. Grappenhall were two men short so had to play substitutes. Winning the toss, the visitors decided to take first knock. The wicket was fiery but good, and runs came freely, the innings not closing until the score indicated 111. Towards this number, Burrows contributed a well-played 31. Warburton 26, Banks 14 and Ellis 10. The homesters responded with 89, time being up about a minute after the last wicket fell. Maudsley and Jakeman distin- guished themselves most for their side, the latter compiling 26, while the fornier was one less.l For the winners, Warburton again bowled very well, ihis analysis reading 7 wickets for 33 runs. Runcorn took 2 for 7. The 2nd at home, were visited by Altrin- cham St. Georges and once more drew. This time the draw was slightly in their favour. The score made by them totalled up to 70, while St. Georges bad put together 44 for 7 wickets. Thus 26 runs were wanted to make a tie, and only three batsmen to be disposed of Maile played a sound innings, for his useful 29 and England junior, in spite of absence from cricket managed to account for a dozen runs. The 2nd eleven have had quite a bad spell, but the last two matches give promise of a better turn. It is to be hoped they will emulate the senior eleven.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 9 1904

in common lodging-houses after the earlier cases of the year."

THE LESSONS OF THE BPIDE MIC.

The lessons to be drawn from this outbreak, Dr. Gornall says, are not unlike those of the epidemic of 1892-3 :—(1). In the present state of civilisation, or want of it, of the majority of the population nothing but the fact that they were mostly well vaccinated pre- vented an epidemic of wide-spread character, for cases were at large to our knowledge (and likely enough others without it) in the most infectious stage of the disease. It havbeen urged that the modifying effect of vaccination renders cases liable to be overlooked. This is more that compensated for by the check it puts on the reception of infection by others. (2) The re-vaccination of contacts in so thorough a fashion as we obtained prevented many more cases. Doubtless smallpox is most infectious in its later and scabbing stages, but it is not only then that it can be commum- eated.The early removal of most!of our smallpox patients tojhospital did no doubt helplaauch to prevent extension, but the value of this as contrasted with re-vaccination must be estimated in conjunction with a consideration of the Spoints II have ,mentioned under heading (3) Having regard to the generally vaccinated but only partially re-vaccinated condition of the population and to the difficulty of securing re-vaccination on a whole- sale scale during emergencies, without a smallpox hospital, Warrington would have been in as hopeless a condition in 1903 as it was during the epidemic of 1892. Only by means of satisfactory isolation of the cases that occurred were we able to complete the protection of the:main body of the populaticn, the rest of that pro- tection being made through the vaccination and disin- fection of contacts. It is clear, therefore, that (l) the provision of a smallpox hospital has been a great boon to the town (contrast the .2700 spent on this last out- break with the £lO,OOO that the 1892 epidemic cast). (2) If the general body of the population were by universal re-vaccination raised to the level of immunity obtained in this way in. case of those in contact with smallpox an epidemic would have scant chance of spreading. The waste of money (and I will not say energy) which these outbreaks of smallpox entail amply justify the demand for further developments in the way of compulsory re- vaccination. All vaccination arrangements ought as a matter of public health to be under the control and direction of tha Corporation, and nothing will be satis- factory that does not provide for a definite standard of successful vaccination. But the tramp question also demands attention, and not until it receives it will you be able definitely to determine upon putting to other uses the admirably situated hospital at Sankey, which seems so well adapted either as a convalescent home or as a place for treating cases of early phthisis. It has in some quarters (assuming tramps to be a peculiar strain in the population that propagates itself) been seriously proposed that they should be sterilized—which may be briefly described as Darwinism gone mad. Yet, had we (1) the power of compulsory re-vaccination of tramps at the discretion of the Medical Officer of Health ;(2) the power to secure that areas where smallpox exists should be declared infected and no tramps allowed to leave them except under proper guarantees, the diffusion of smallpox would soon come to an end.

ME &SLES. THE CLOSING OF SCHOOLS.

Eighty-three notifications of this disease were re- ceived during the first quarter of the year; 1,543 during the remainder; or 1,626 in all ; besides this the Medical Officer also received information of many cases from the Education Office. Each of these entailed at least one visit, many more than one, by officers of the Health Department, the vast majority being seen to by the 1 idy inspector. Necessarily, in combination with her numerous other duties, says the Medical Officer, it was impossible that she could give more than cursory attention to each case, though, as far as it went, her work was undoubtedly of some use, if only as tending to educate the mothers of the town into taking a more serious view of measles than before. Reviewing the precautions taken at the schools, Dr. Gornall says what was attempted was: (1) to exclude all children infected vfith measles for at least a month; (2) to exclude all brothers and sisters for three weeks; (3) to extend the periods of exclusion if further cases occur • (4) in case of a considerable prevalence of measles in a particular school, to disinfect the premises, including desks, slates, and drinking vessels But other desirable measures were not carried out, con- tinues Dr. Gornall, because of their impossibility, (1) to afford hospital isolation in necessary instances; (2) to disinfect the houses, clothing, and persons of children who had had or been in contact with measles. This doubtless detracted from, if it did not altogether neutralize, the value of the action actuilly taen. Had there been room in the hospital I should cert,anly have. urged upon the committee the desirability of taking into hospital the cases most in need of it, but even then we could only have dealt with a comparatively small pro- portion of the thousands of children who had measles. Still less was it within my power to provide for the requisite measures of disinfection. Yet without these latter such action as was taken can be of little Measles raged with increating virulence throughout the year. and the somewhat hesitating measures I took to close the schools were a rather confession of failure to deal with the epidemic than any part of a serious attempt to copa w;th it. I do not complain of the attitude taken up by certain members of the Education Commitpe, who had pro- bably little practical experience of dealing with measles epidemics, but Ido claim that the Medical Officer of Health should have a freehand to try experiments : such powers given to him in Case of sun] !pox have not been abused. Moreover, the question of measles has under the ne v Education Act acquired such filaacial impor- tance that the town must in the end feel the benefit of any success in tackling it, quite apart from the saving of life and the prevention of the many ill consequences of the disease, which not only results in eye and ear affections, but very strongly predisposes some children to tuberculous affections. I am prepared without hesitation to admit that we as yet know very little of the real nature of this disease, and shall be the last to dogmatiz on a matter, on which some with little or no knowledge of the subject seam to have no difficulty in forming an opinion.__

SCARLET FEVER. 110 W IT IS SPREAD.

In 1903 the scarlet fever cases, 289 in number, were fairly evenly distributed throughout the town, and it W&3 not possible, as in the previous year, to point out any marked foci of infection. Of course in individual cases some history of contact with a person with scarlet fever was often obtained, but, at any rate in the last quarter of the year, the poison of the disease was fairly well distributed throughout the town. One consider- able outbreak of 16 cases among the 83 papas in the Clergy Daughters' school, which was dealt with by sending the healthy girls home and turning the place into a hospital for the time being' could not in any way be accounced for. Sundry small defects in the drains ' were discovered, but were not, I think, responsible for what occurred; the origin of the milk supply was carefully investigated (I took a ;journey out to a farm in Appleton on purpose), but with no result, and in the end ' the only origin that could, be suggested was that one of the girls had acted as a " carrier ' case, bringing the infection from home, or some source of infection out- side the town, with her, and so started the epidemic, ' which began some weeks after the return from the summer holidays. In a disquisition on the causes of scarlet fever, Dr. Gornall discusses the question of how the poison spreads from person to person. It undoubtedly does so, he says, and probably in this way the organisms swarm on the surface of the throat, and in the many recesses of the lung membrane of the throat and nose where they originally got in, and every time a person in such a state coughs or sneezes he distributes about the room minute drops of sputum in which is the cause of scarlet fever ; it is contained too in the nasal discharges, which is fff) conunla in this disease, appearing in severe cases at the beginning, though often manifesting itself later. Hence, the danger of close. contact, as occurs when children kiss one another, sleep in the same bed, or (indirectly) drink out of the same cup. In this conndction an observation by our removal officer is of interest. He has noticed that the houses from which it is commonest to have second and third cases are those in which the first Case is found (most likely on a couch) in the kitchen, with the other chil- dren in the roofn. His experience leads him to look upon secondary cases as less probable when the child is found in a bedroom, and separated from the rest of the family. Forty per cent of the houses in Warrington contain four rooms or less. The people living in these houses are poor, and not generally well informed on the necessity o: Isolation. Moreover, the greater num- ber of cases of scarlet fever is among this class of the population. The danger of leaving such patients at home is manifest.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HEALTH OF NE BOROUGH.

REPORT OF THE MEDICAL OFFICER.

Dr. J. G. Gornall, M.A., M. 8., medical officer of heaith for the Borough, has just issued his annual report for 1903.

A TRIBUTE TO THE STAFF,

"I have always attempted in writing reports to do so," says the Medical Officer, "in a truly scientific spirit, and to avoid all those methods of advertisement, which are so common in the commercial community around us,but are quite out of .place in the report of a Medical Officer of Health. But on this occasion I cannot refrain from expressing some satisfaction at the results of our efforts, I of which an account is given in dealing with small-pox. It is no doubt: true that we might have done even better had we carried out the same plan in its entirety from the beginning of the outbreak, but some limit to the working capacity of the sanitarystaff will no doubt be admitted even by those who are most critical of public officials. What, however, I want people to realze is—that the really hard work of the smallpox outbreak fell on the staff, of the Public Health department and of the hospitals, and that by their efforts in detecting cases. and so preventing the spread of the disease, and their energy in carrying out measures of disinfection and in removing patients, working often into the small hours of the morning, great expense was saved to the town. It is no economy in the long run to have a public health department either understaffed or underpaid as, I fear, some people would like to see it. I have indeed not only to call your attention to the very satisfactory way in which the members of the staff have worked, but to express my own indebtedness to them. My thanks are also due to the medical profes- sion of the town for their ready co-operation with the Health Department, and especially am I grateful for the untiring energy of the public vaccinators during our recent troubles. But not only of their services is some recognition owing. The Education Committee enabled us to deal very effectively with small-pox cases in the schools—and the employers of labour in War- rington stood by us well—while to others I am thankful for professional assistance during a time of special stress. To you, sirs (the members of the Health Com- mittee) for your continued kindness to nie, and especi- ally because you have, by appointing a public analyst, helped towards the grealization of part of the scheme which I recently ut before you, I desire to express my sincere gratitude."

===== 0002601_19040709_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
AN INTERESTING SUMMARY.

The following is a summary of the vital statistics:— Population (estimated at middle of 1903) 67,153 Area of Borough (acres) Density of population (i.e. number of persons per acre) Number of houses in occupation (middle of year) 12,871 Number of houses not in occupation Number of houses built during the year lBO Number of person per house Births: Males, 1,141; Females, 1,254 2,395 Annual rate of birth per 1,000 inhabitants 356 Deaths: Males, 649; Females, 583 1,238 Annual rate of deaths per 1,030 inhabitants 18•4 Excess of registered births over deaths Marriages 530 Annual rate of marriages per 1.000 inhabitants 8.6 Death rate from seven chief epidemic diseases per 1,000 inhabitants 3•5 Phthisis death rate per 1,000 inhabitants 1•25 Respiratory ;death rate per 1,000 inhabitants 2-4 Infantile Mortality per 1,000 births l5l Hateable value £251,203 Estimated value of a penny rate £9so Rates for financial year 1901-5 7/10 in £ Annual rates per 1,000 living. Deaths Infant Deaths from Seven Mor- Births. from Chief tality. all Epidemic Causes. Diseases. 76 Great Towns 292 ... 16•3 189 ... 144 75 Provincial Towns 305 16•5 ... P 93 ... 149 Warrington

===== 0002601_19040709_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
A FEW COMMENTS.

In discussing the birth rate of the Borough, Dr. Gornall says:"Warrington remains with one of the highest birth rates among the urban districts; a fact which. taken with the generally healthy and well-nourished appearance of ‘Varrington children, would seem to show that the much talked of physical degeneration has not yet made much inroad here. Still it remains true that the birth-rate declines from year to year, as in the rest of the country; pro- bably here as elsewhere, the diminution of families is most marked among the more provident and better- instructed classes of the community, and in so far as the low birth-rate among these people is a matter of calculation, it is an indication either of an entirely wholesome and unselfish line of conduct in marital re- lations, or of the existence of a condition of things which is from every aspect deplorable." Referring to the death-rate, Dr. Gornall says it compares very un- favourably with that of 1902—but then that was the lowest on record (16.6) and belonged to a year whose climatic conditions were specially favourable. The diseases which mainly contributed to the increase were as follows :—Nfeasles 97 deaths as compared with 1 deaths in 1902, whooping cough 30 deaths as compared with 15 and diarrhcea 85 deaths as compared with 51.

A USEFUL COMPARISON OF WARDS. A GOOD WORD FOR WHITECROSS WARD.

Infan- tile Estimat'd Birth Death Death Popula- Rate Rate Rate Ward. tion per per per Middle 1,000 1,000 1,000

of 1902. persons. persons. births. Town Hall 5,155 ... 269 ... 21'7 ... 129 Whitecross 8,503 40.2 ... 14.3 ... 152 Bewsey Orford 8,030 ... 31'2 ... 171 ... 167 St. John's Fairfield Howley St. Austin's 6,427 ... 222 148 ... 139 Latchford Dr. Gornall makes the following comment.:—" What I said last year about the comparative healthiness of the different parts of the town, would I think, almo3t bear repetition, for a various similar set of figures is found this time. The high birth-rate and comparatively low general and infantile death-rates in Whitecross Ward are found again. It may be remembered that I pointed out that as far as I could see the favourable position of this part of the town was mainly owing to its being entirely of mofilern construction, and having no over-crowding of its area with houses, whereas all, or nearly all, the other wards are, in some part at least, slummy.'" •

===== 0002601_19040709_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE SM ILLPDX EPIDEMIC,

Dr. Gornall devotes 25 pages to the smallpox epidemic Warrington is nlw, he says, in a peculiarly favourable position with ruard to smallpox; having on the one hand a hospit*two miles outside the town in a sparsely populated district and on the other a well-vaccinated population. Moreover p Mlle opinion is well informed of the danger of letting smallpox get a hold, and quite prepared to back up the Health Department in any reasonable measures for its prevention. In dis- cussing the vaccination returns, Dr. Gornall has a sarcastic word for the anti-vaccinator. It will be seen from ths returns,he says, that a eery high percentage of the children who survive to four months of age are vaccinated, and that the species "conscientious objector" is not on the increase. Thus, in 1902, 97 per cent of the possible infants were vaccinated, and only eight of them were possessed of parents with a "con- science." AS TO THE PROGRESS OF THE EPIDEMIC,

Dr. Gornall says that it was mainly confined to one district, partly in St. John's, though mostly in the Orford Ward, and though a few instances occurred out- side these limits, the outbreak was from the beginning lc well under control, and the people generally so alive to the danger of concealment, that no harm came from these. 119 persons were removed during the period dealt with-78 during 1903 and 31 during the first two months of 1904. Of these, 107 had smallpox ; 9 were cases at first doubtful, but subsequently shewn not to be smallpox: 5 were infants for whom we could find no place elsewhere. None of the infants removed, as above mentioned, took the disease ; but one, already much emaciated from a wasting illness,died of marasmus. After the visit of the Local Government Inspector, and his advise of the provision of a shelter for the housing and disinfection of the persons of the contacts, it was decided to utilize the small pavilion at Aikin-street for the purpose the only place available at once. These measures entailed a very considerable labour, indeed to everybody concerned, for between December 19th and the cessation of the outbreak, at least 200 persons were bathed and had their clothes disinfected: food was pro- vided for these people when they had to wait long. Dr. Gornall describes the plan adopted to deal with the epidemic, which is onthe following lines :—(1) Immedi- ately a case is reported by a medical practitioner, or discovered by one of the Sanitary Inspectors, who are constantly on the look out, it is removed to the Sanatorium at Sankey. (2) Thereupon an inspector visits the hou.se and obtains a complete list of the residents, and any other persons who have been in con- tact, with their addresses, and their places of employ- ment or schools. (3) The same inspector takes this list Ito the public vaccinator, who invariably endeavours to vaccinate or re-vaccinate them all the same day. (4) The same day, also, notices are sent to the various places of employment of the persons discovered in con- tact, requesting that they be not allowed to return until a certificate of freedom from infection is received from the Medical Officer of Health. "This plan," continues Dr. Gornall," though following in the main the lines on which we had worked from the beginning, grew in exactitude as we went. In my belief it affords the best means of dealing with a threatened epidemic in such a place as Warrington when the disease has invaded private houses. I shall certainly carry it out in any future emergency of the kind. It would be far different if we had simply to deal with cases in common lodging-houses among tramps and persons of no definite employment, but not a single case occurred ,

===== 0002601_19040709_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
an exaggerated impression of the foulness of the air in some instances, but it is, I think, desirable that means for testing the chemical composition of the air in the schools, such as are now beino, used in connection with factories and workshops, should be brought into use before Anything final is settled. . _

Dr. Got:nall Makes the following recommendations in regard to schools: (I.) The maintenance of the exist- ing means of ventilation; (2) The flushing out of all rooms in the intervals between hours of occupation ; (3) Further inspections of the schools, and examination of air, to ascertain the degree of fouling of thP air and the need of improvement in the ventilating arrange- ments; (4) The reduction of overcrowding; (5) The abolition of pail closets at schools; (6) The introduction in all schools of a more satisfactory type of urinal; (7) The reform of the existing lavatories. THE WORK OF THE FEMALE INSPECTOR.

The work of Miss Hoyle, appointed an inspector in the Public Health Department, in October, 1902 has, observes Dr. Gornall, considerably developed. Unfor- tunately there is too much for one woman to do, if it is to be done with any thoroughness, but as far as she _ _

has been able, Miss 1141 e has 'carrie'd out with great energy and a zeal tempered by discretion the duties for which she was appointed. There is evidence from sources outside this department that very considerable benefit has accrued to the town from the wise step which the committee took in appointing her. I refer more particularly to the report of the local branch of the Society for Preventing Cruelty to Children. lam also told that there has of late been an improvement in the cleanliness of children attending public schools—for which I do not claim all the credit for this department —but it is not unlikely that the work that has been done by it has been auxiliary to other influences leading to the same desirable end. UNPAVED STREETS AND PAsSAGES.

This is a subject, the Medical Officer remarks, which has been repeatedly brought to the notice of the Health Oom•nittee. The dangers to health connected with the want of a proper surface to the ground in the neigh- bourhood of dwellings are manifold. To children especially must it be inimical; the daily trudging to school through slush, and pools of water, and the fact that in rainy seasons they have only the streets in such a state of dampness to play in, if not the actual cause of disease, most certainly conduce to it. Another drawback is the absolute impossibility of sweeping and cleansing unpaved streets and passages, and a perhaps still more serious one is the slopping of the contents of pails, which is bound to occur occasionally, and then fouls the surface and upper layers of the soil with matter possibly of an infeatious nature. Little or no improvement can be observe I in the rate of securing the pavements of streets and still less of passages •, the latter are possibly the more dangerous of the two, The list given of those that require attention contains many names which appeared in a similar list published in 1898, and some even were mentioned by the Medical Officer of Health twenty years ago and remain unpaved to this day. It is no part of my business to indicate the causes of this unsatisfactory state of affairs, or to apportion the blame for it to anyone, but I desire to draw the attention of the Health Committee to this want of paving as one of the most serious insanitary conditions at present existing the town. . .

The list referred to is a tabulation of all the unpaved -streets and passages in the Borough, and covers eight printed pages of the report.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

PAROCHIAL CO MMITTEE.

A meeting of this committee was held in the National Schools on Thursday evening, Nit-. J. H. Clarke presiding. There were also present :--Messrs. H. J. Westbrook, 'Whitley, Mclntyre, Hallows, Williams, Welsby, Warbur- ton, T. R. Westbrook, Mount=leld, G. F. Ashton (clerk), J. Swinton (surveyor), and J. Farrington (inspector of nuisances).

===== 0002601_19040709_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
POOTPTff IM P ROVEM .

A letter was received from the Clerk to the Cheshire County Council intimating that the Main Roads and Bridges Committee had given instructions to the County Surveyor to agree with the Warrington Corporation to construct the footpaths along the main road betwetn Twenty Steps Bridge and the Mulberry Tree inn with concrete flags instead of blue bricks, the extra cost to be paid by the County Council. The Chairman remarked that the communication was very satisfactory.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
TEIE CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY AND A BACK PASSAGE.

The Clerk reported that in accordance with the instructions of the Council he wrote to the Warrington Co-operative Society painting out that the Society had retained a gate across the secondary means of access to their property at Stockton Heath, although at the tim,z of passing the plans the secondary means of access was shown 10 feet wide. He asked the Society to remove the gate.

It --app3ared that the Society purchased the property from Nix. George Wallington who wrote the Clerk stat- ing that his recollection NY's that the passage was a private one for his convenience alone. He would be glad to know what he had done to surrender that title. The Clerk replied that the plans submitted to the Council showed a secondary means of acce3s 10 feet wide, clear of any obstruction. Having once obtained the passing of the plans under that condition, the Society ought not to have erected the gate.

The -Chai-Euan said the feeling of the. committee was that if the Society did not comnly with their request the passage should be scheduled for the making of a road, and it would then become District Council property. It was agreed to leave the matter in abeyance for a month.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIVATE STREET WORKS.

The Clerk slid the Surveyor had completed the plans for Private Street Works in Bedford-street and had forwarded them to the Local Government Board for their approval.

_ _ DISPUTED COIIPORATION ACCOUNT. The Corporation Gas. Department for warded an account in respect of the lighting of lamps in the parish. The cpmmittee were charged for four additional lamps in Old London Road, and the chairman and several mPlube-s said they knew nothing about these items. The Clerk was instructed to make inquiries. M. WHITLEY'S COMPLAiNT. Mr. Whitley strongly cornplained that numerous pails and ashtubs in the parish were defective. He moved that an order be given for them to be cleansed, disin- fected, and repaired. It was pointed out that arrangements had already been made for the work to be done.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
°TITER_ If A.TTERS.

On the proposal of Mr. Warburton, the Surveyor was instructed to examine the main sewer in Walton-road, which was said to be blocked up. Mr. Whitley gave notice that at the next meeting he would again move the appointment of a sanitary com- mittee of six members for Stockton Heath. Mr. Hallows mentioriel that the Special Highways Committee of the District Council would consider the question of providing a water cart for Stockton Heath on Tuesday next. He would like to know how far the Parochial Committee was prepared to meet the District Council in the expenditure. The Chairman said it was for the District. Council to tell the Committee what the cost would b; before any offer was made.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
VEGETABLES UP-TO-DATE.

The strict vegatarian and all others who appreciate the very useful part which vegetables play in our daily dietary, must often wish for a means of making the homelier vegetables more appetising. A simple and most successful way to accomplish this is to serve the vegetables with an appstising sauce. Such sauces are e isily made with the aid of Brown and Poison's "Patent" Corn Flour. I Brown Sr. Poison's publish a special recipe book entitled "Fish and Vegetable Sauces," a copy of Nvhicti will be forwarded to every lady sending a Id stamp to B. & P., Paisley. The recipes include sauces for even the most common vegetables in daily use, such as carrots. turnips,cabbage, ctc., and to serve such vegetables with a good sauce gives them an added relish.

The Clergy Daughters' School. A special committee meeting was held at the school on Monday morning under the presidency of the ssw AND BETTER SCHOOLS WINTED. Bishop of Chestee, and amongst others present were the Bishops of Manchester and Liverpool; the Dean Too great stress canna, says Dr. Gmnall, be laid on the serious overcrowding of most schools, and the im- of Manchester; the Archdeacons of Chester and Man- perfect ventilation, and 'wretched lighting of many as chester : Canons Blencowe, Penrhyn, Willis, Smeth- conducing to the spread of infection. The only remedy wick, Blundell and Rogers; and Messrs. H. Greenall, is to build new and better schools, and on a sufficient G-rafton, J. D. Buckton, and Woodcock. A long scale to accommodate not only the present excess of discussion took: place with reference to the roinoyal of children that either are crammed into schools already the school, which will take place at the latter end of overfull. or else have to do without schooling (perhaps the month, to Darley Dale-, and the report of Mr. no great loss to them), but also the thousand and more children that are added to the school population every Radcliffe, of Manchester, valuer, as to the probable year. This will all cost money. The short-sighted cost, was carefully considered. It was esti- policy of Warrington inthe Past is bound to cost money, mated that the probable cost of the re- Speaking on the question of the ventilation of schools moval and the alterations which would be Dr. Gornall remarks that many of the difficulties of necessary at the new school would be £2,000, but the ventilation could undoubtedly be got over by keeping committee decided to allow £2 500 if necessary to the windows open continually, winter and summer, for. The contracts for the our new light on the treatment of disease shows thatexpenses. The of Matlock ; this can be done not only without danger, but with positive benefit to health. It is perhaps too much to Messrs. Berry and Sanders, of Manchester, and Mr. work kr 1 all ver were incidental given to Messrs.exp e expect anything like a general adoption of the open G-reenhalgh, of Warrington, for building, heating, re- RSzece. t 0 rT informedh erew a was the window, especially in view of the widespread supersti- niorll, and supply of furniture, &c. tions about draughts. But I are sorry to say that in some of the older schools in Warrington not only are 100 appe 1. fa s or subscriptions towards meeting that the means for ventilation defective, but there are no t t •ch of windows capable of being thrown open in such a way as the cost had been sent 0 each the three dioceses, large.' number of contracts. to thoroughly Lerate the rooms, so that the air, so far as £l,OOO had been received and' concerns contamination with organic Products of re- i Promised. It was decided in view of the appeals be- and that the sum of spiration and other bodily exertions, probably never mg made in conection with the Liverpool Cailiedral,to does get thoroughly purified in the intervals between wait until the anniversary meeting at Warrington on the periods of occupation. In some schools, which I the 27th inst, before have visited since the holidays began, there still lingers taking any further action in the matter. An application was received front the Train. that indefinable smell, which I am only too well ' temporary classrooms, but no deci • acquainted with through visiting the slums of the town. ing College for tempo decision , 1 ought to point out that I visited the schools at the was come to. I I warmest period of the year, and so may have obtained 1 1

SCHOOL HYGIENE, 1

===== 0002601_19040709_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
TRIP DAY.

WORKS EXCURSIONS FROM WARRINGTON.

Saturday was what is now familiarly known as "trip day" in Warrington, when the usual excursions are run to pleasant seaside and holiday resorts. Below will be found particulars of how the day was spent.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. R. A. NAYLOR'S EMPLOYEES AT PWLLHELI. Mr. Naylor and Foreign Competition.

The seventeenth annual excursion of the employes at Howley Timber Mills will rank as one of the most suc- cessful ever held. Pwllheli—one of the celebrated Carnarvon boroughs—was visited, and the weather being glorious the outing was thoroughly enjoyed. On arriving at 9.30 an excellent breakfast was served, and the par.ty, numbering nearly 500, dispersed to onjoy themselves in a variety of ways. Most of the trippers made the journey by car to Llanbedrog and rambled through the picturesque Glen- y-Weddw grounds and inspected the fine art gallery. At five o'clock tea was partaken of. Mr. Thomas Egerton proposed "Success to Howley Mills," coupled with the name of Mr. R. A. Naylor, to whom he proposed a hearty vote of thanks for his hospitality. He referred to the business abilities of the employers, the energy of the managers and the active co-operation of the workmen which had made the firm one of the most successful in the kingdom. Mr. Louis Cross seconded, as one of the oldest "hands." He pointed out that that was the 17th or 18th annual excursion.

The motion was heartily agreed to, cheers being enthusiastically given for Mr. R. A. and Miss Naylor and Mr. John Naylor, who was unable to be present. Mr. Naylor, in reply, said one of their friends had intimated that that was the 17th excursion ; and he (Mr. Naylor) hoped they would live to see 17 more. (Cheers.) Certainly the gathering that day was one of the best, and he was sure he was reiterating their sentiments when he made the observation that they had never enjoyed an excursion better. (Hear, hear.) They were visiting one of the celebrated Carnarvon boroughs— Pwllheli. There were five more of them—Conway, Bangor, Carnarvon. Criccietb, and Nevin, and, possibly, they might take these places for their excursion in the years to come. They had always made a point at Howley of never making any difference between the working men and those called the "bosses of the establishment " —(laughter)—and if a concern was to prosper in these days of keen competition there must be no friction, but Iperfect unanimity of feeling and of action. (Hea,r,hear.) He would not like to be connected with any concern if that could not be achieved, and he trusted that the very happy relations which had hitherto existed between them would always continue. (Hear, hear.) Some- one had remarked in proposing that vote of thanks that the success of Howley Mills and the trade connected with it was owing to the fact that they had worked well together, all pulling in the same direction. And that was what they ought to do. If it had been otherwise they could not have stood against the unfair foreign competition to which they were subjected, and ihe might tell them that for every pound they paid in 'wages they could get the same work done in the same manner for 12s. 6d. by foreign workmen. (A Voice: " Not so good, sir," and laughter.) A gentleman had said "Not so good." That might be so,but he could tell them distinctly that 20 years ago he had a business offered to him across the North Sea.a business hecould have made thousands of pounds out of, but he had con- tinued to employ British labour and to invest the capital he had in the United Kingdom. (Applause.) Now the time had arrived when the workingmen of the country would have to look after their own interests. Why should a man be penalized because he was a patriotic British subject? Why should a man be permitted to make more money because he went across the water, invested his capita there, and employed cheap labour? Many firms in this country had sold up their establishments and had gone abroad in order that they might supply the requirements of those countries and be in a position also to retain the trade they had been accustomed to do within the United Kingdom. That was not Lir, and sooner or later they would have to do something to remedy the mischief that was being done. But that was not the occasion to talk about a subject such as this. He wished to say that his sister and himself were very glad to be present, and to see the employees enjoy themselves. They had passed through the worst winter for trade that had ever been known within living memory. Fortunately they had done better than other people, and had had rather more than their fair share of work, and they would try to do their utmost to keep the men and boys well and honestly employed. (Hear, hear.) The development of the business had been gradual, but they hoped to be able before long to make it a still greater success. If they only knew how to accomplish that one end they would ask for the co-operation of all and say, " Let every boy, every man, every manager and everyone financially interested in the business have a fair and honest share of the plunder." (Applause.) He hoped before long to increase the area of their business trans- actions,and he trusted that that would be to the interests of all of them. (Applause.) Miss Naylor said she also thanked all present for their hearty welcome. She wished to inform them that before very long she hoped to see everyone present that day at a very good tea at HowleyeMills. (Cheers.) Leavinc, Pwllheli at 7.45, Warrington was reached, after a teliousjourney, at 12.40. A special article descriptive of this excursion appears in another column.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
WILLIAM ROSERTSON LIMITED, LATCHFORD.

The second annual pic-nic from the above Company's Works took place on Saturday, the chosen place this time being Rhyl. The party of nearly 100 left Bank Quay Station at 6.30 a.m., and after a good run, arrived at Rhyl about 8 o'clock. The weather though not very bright, was warm, and showed 'signs of a fine day. During the morning the party divided to visit different places of interest, such as the Marble Church at Bodelwyddan, and the Cathedral at St. Asaph, passing on the way the house where Edward I. held his parlia- ment in the year 1283, whilst others enjoyed a walk along the magnificent promenade, or the boating on the Marine Lake. Dinner was served at 11,in the sumptuous restaurant of the Queen's Hotel, and great praise is due to Mr. and Mrs. Bartlett, the manager and manageress respectively, for the splendid arrangements they had made, and for their most creditable arraniTement of the function, which gave the greatest satisfaction to all The party were highly pleased to have with them Mr. Robertson, the Chairman and managing director of the Company, and Mrs. Robertson M. Wareing, the manager, and Mrs. Wareing • Mr. Collins, the secretary and Mrs. Collins; and dr. Sherratt, the assistant manager, and Mrs. Sherratt. Dinner being over, Mr. , Robertson addressed a few well-chosen words to the ' company, wishing them a very enjoyable day, and they then dispersed to visit other places of interest, such as the Waterfalls at Dyserth, Ste. The bulk of the party assembled at 2.30 in the afternoon at the Queen's Palace Ball-room, to witness the special performance which had been provided for them, or to indulge in dancing on the famous parquet floor (which, being laid on no less Ithan 2,500 springs, was recently described in an article in one of • the popular periodicals as one of the best floors in the world) and to the accompaniment of the ' renowned orchestra, under the direction of the accom- plished director and leader, Mons. Bosanquet. The entertainment which was put on the boards was of the usual high character provided at the Rhyl Palace, and was well appreciated, as also were the other attractions of the Palace,— Venice, the Tower, the Palm Gardens, drz., &c. The return journey was commenced at about nine o'clock and Warrington was reached by ten minutes to eleven, all the party arriving home safely, with the memories of a happy day. In connection with this picnic may be mentioned that on Thursday after the close of the works, Mr. Wareing, on behalf of the employees, presented Mr. Collins with a beautiful gold mounted umbrella, and Mr. Humphries with a choice silver mounted meerschaum pipe, and an elegant tobacco pouch, each bearing the initials of the recipients, as a small token of appreciation of their services as hon. treasurer and hon. secretary respective- ly for the sick club, savings bank and picnics. CORPORATION EMPLOYES AT SOUTHPORT.

Many of the employees of the Corporation and friends spent the day at Southport. The train left the Central Station at 6.45 and returned from Southport at 8,30, Warrington being reached at 9.30. i The day was agree- ably spent in a variety of ways, including boating on the marine lake,visits to the Hesketh Park and the Winter Gardens, and driving to Birkdale, while some took ad- vantage of the four hours' sail to Blackpool and back. The weather was favourable, there being only one shower throughout the day.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
MESSRS. J. CROSFIELD, AND SONS, LTD.

The employ& of this firm, to the number of SGO left Bank Quay by special train at 6.39 a.m., and arrived at Blackpool at 8.10, where the various places of amuse- ment were well patronized. The weather being fine, a very enjoyable day was spent. The return journey com- menced at 9.45 p.m., Warrington baing reached at 11.10 p.m. The arrangements were in the hands of the mem- bers of the Works Council, and passed off satisfactorily.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
ARMITAGE AND RIGBY'S, LTD.

As in former years, the excursion organised by the employes of Messrs. Armi Rigby, and was a pro- nounced success, over 1,300 persons, including wives, relatives and friends, paying a visit to Blackpool. The various places of interest were visited, and the visit b was much enjoyed. Extension ckets had been issued, and about 100 of the company's. employees availed themselves a the privilege of remanunu in Blackpool until Monday.

Oddfellows at Worksop. 'od The directors, collectors, and officers (aoconlPalli a by their wives),of the Juvenile Burial Society of theGnii United Order of Oddfellows journeyed to Worksll3l a special saloon attached to the train leaving the Cenftr,e, Station at 5.40 a.m. Arriving at Worksop shortly atheo eight o'clock, conveyances were in waiting to take Par to the Greyhound Hotel, where the visitors Pa" cal of a well served breakfast,after which they drove throua Sherwood Forest to Edwinstone, where a halt was 13,13 rt; to allow them to view the Ma' Oak, The 11" 1 Major o. , gOte returned by a different route to the Greyhound ,733 where a capital dinner was served. Warrington I_, reached at 10 o'clock, the outing having been thorot ly enjoyed.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
MONKS, HALL AND CO., LTD., BEDSTEAD

AND MATTRESS WORKS.

hese The annual excursion of the employees 0- ti.day works, writes a correspondent, took place last Sats,,ie to Llandudno. The major portion of the -worklisyror deciding to make the complete journey by raiall!„der trained at Bank Quay Station, while the regi-Ae of a more daring demeanour and desiring t° took the voyage by water from Liverpool, „os 'train to that port, where they embarked ,-P0 that grand steamer "La Marguerite." Llanduanno beautifully situated in a bay with a mountainous ra fo r . in the back ground, thus affording adequate 1' shelteba the town. No one who has been there will denY 4.00 Llandudno has decided natural advantages. In fac'ore• surrounding country is simply magnificent, and bri 111:05 over the atmosphere is of a very genial and ealate. nature. When one takes into consideration these 13%,he al advantages it cannot be denied its proud title of ded Queen of the West." During the day the people we,arrbo their way to "The Great Orme's Head and ..ntjU Happy Valley," where the time was suitably slit the l, t viewing nature with all its transcendent beauty. afternoon, several journeyed by the steamer gted Marguerite "to Menai Bridge, and it must be aau' :'oet- that this was the crowning point of a grand (1107f/011 ing, inasmuch as the landscape en route was $1 the magnificent. It is quite impossible, hovvever, fedrogo man in the street to clothe his thoughts in lan"oo• adequately expressive and descriptive of the vTefoi Unfortunately when the steamer arrived at Die Bridge it was rather late with the result that the were prevented from getting across the bridge 1011,,,,%-ele ing the scenery beyond, and which as far as vlecoi could scan was very tempting. The steamer left 38vith Bridge at 3.40 and arrived at Llandudno at '5.15' some reluctance the homeward journey was comm 1011 y the train leaving Llandudno about 8.15,and it was,„o of evident, judging from the prevailing expresniog, opinion that the workpeople spent a splendl4„°lire the weather being delightful and all they coal°. ot for their excursion. Warrington was reached a-- 11 o'clock.

„wled I thew.? Jo rksop lej ,heee°Wl )rtly after take till s Part°oll ye throu3o , was Olt' rho tortr ad Lot” WaS LgtOn thoroa,

===== 0002601_19040709_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

ALLEGED THEFT OF BLANKETS. dal,/ At Warrington County Petty Sessions on Weun-steo' Elizabeth Mitchell, of Haydock,was charged with,svet- ing blankets value £3, the property of William ' Do' A head, 7, Old Boston, Haydock, some time betweea 'aer 9th and 2nd ult. The evidence showed that Prllipts was employed as a washerwoman at the prosee.4oner house. In the absence of Mrs. Westhead the ,Prtsls 50(1 got Lucy Westhead, a daughter, to get the blanae,' rer then sent her to pawn them.—The prisoner manded to Newton Petty Sessions. PARADE AT NEWTON.—UNVEILING A WAR AIE,-R On Sunday the tablet which has been placed St. Peter's Church, in memory of four brareaotliA volunteers who died whilst on active service ie Africa, was unveiled by Captain Withington. „,'"tairl9 Squadron of the Lancashire Hussars Imperial Ye°";w:es' under Major T. A. Earle and Sergeant-Major Flargr''" 190 met in Lord Newton's yard and numbered se,re.,eent) strong. The 6th V.B.K.L.R. (Newton Detaearn-ner fell in at their headquarters, Southworth-road, roar; bered 64, under Sergeant-Instructor Beale and °co Sergeant Rimmer' whilst the Ist Battalion Pr'lienifr Wales's Liverpool Regiment, 95 strong, under Sergogrir Instructor Cleaver and Colour-Sergeant Baileh,_c°thr I ee gated at their headquarters, Church-street. 'L'e battalions then fell into line at the junction ofCresrf the and High-street and, headed by the band ° tfeY, Lancashire Hussars 1.Y., under bandmaster 13a.b! marched down the main street to the ehurPord, The service was conducted by the Rev. George I.A. (rector of Whittington, Chesterfield). ate hymns and an anthem were rendered by the chol,loo The brass tablet, which is on the right hand °Los' church, was covered with a large Union Jack, 3' the which were two other flags. The approach t°f tbe memorial was lined on either side by the officers the C. Spuad—some of whom wore on their breestsoich South African medal—with unsheathed swords were crossed in the centre. Captain Withington, inpa in veiling the tablet, said: "To the glory of God ng of the name of the Holy Trinity. and in mere0i pers Sergeants S. L. Swann and A. Oubridge and Trth R. Collinge and W. A. Frost, who died in the %toe African War, this tablet is erected, and which I,l23.erthe Ellarpnes Wallington, do now unveil. Amen. " ii",;etloa service, which was a very impressive one, eaeu of the Volunteers marched to their headquarters.

BIRD, BEAST OR FISP An Extraordinary Animal. • -- There is an animal in Australia which has the 1:5- 1 and feet of a bird, the body and four legs of a tetir.Yev roped, and the habits of a fish. It lives under "I' -oak breathes air. It lays eggs, yet suckles its Y Scientists call it the duck-billed platypus. Aai w In the wild haunts of this strange animal plants rich in medicinal virtues : and from the buescor - thr obtained the juices and essences which ' Qh Ante OP lorde', i di Jovery that r ans. 1P ble 'e t r „, co beans are - for ,n 000 cijS- liver ifi ,0,00 t b I

- Jonstipation, piles and other everyday has revolutionised modern medicine and ow! eipet. quarters-of-a-million doses of this handy and„,llll,, 130;i; sive, yet effective remedy are taken daily. are thus widely used because their operation iscurio its They act upon the liver and tone it up to Perl°lioor important functions. This means that the bile etc' nsea, .05 regulated, and constipation, biliousness, to- rnil '5 are banished. The condition of the liver det.eog tb' the condition of the whole body, and by correct' beAlte: most important organ bile beans bring giclo,ll.o They also act upon the digestive system, cur iineP;Zo after food, wind, pain in the chest, and all (crtid "„"s. disorders. They end anmmia and debility, blood of the impurities which cause skin elu of A;la, They are purely vegetable, contain no traoo,, harmful drug, and in this way are superior to to,"r sit fashioned medicines which were first used fiftY,ce. years ago and are so far behind modern sclebeitoN, you can't swallow pills you may dissolve bile sol!, any liquid. They are just as effective as if t0,14`-,.0 retnl,l When you have a headache at night, a bean bo°,',iie ing will banish it by morning. They work s" sleep, and build up health.

iese are ,:= ',, , 1,-A- t, • :_ v bi e- -4: ~„\ .P.,'" v ' (...y ~z,-_--1 tat ) '161., .' ,ii _ ~,..14.? 1 .-_-----7, -• 0 r - % . d i'e --- -4-,', .. - ..... h . The Duck-blllecl Platypus. I.a, cr

sclaP edne ea- rith st,est, 0 :ara veeo •,,gf ritors pSeeer - pria S°7o IkOtS,') r was I

vatea,

gay ow st ° be ir ioo cos, s do- The, bile røcer' for ;are dis- Ter if) r s, • 0 ,Stjh et a 0

li° Oo iit 0 ley se g•

SANKEY BROOK AGAIN.

Mr. THOMPSON said the stench from Sankey Brook was very bad Weed.

Mr. ItNOWLES : The brook wants cleaning out. Mr. ILERFOOT : That matter has been discugsed many times, but an enormous expenditure would be involved.

- The Surveyor read a letter from Messrs. Mortimer and Company stating that they had let the contract for the cleaning out of a ditch at Orford which empties into Sankey Brook. The Surveyor said the work would be no good, as the firm was still turning refuse into the ditch.

Mr. Kprfoot said the grievance was a very old one. On one occasion he and Dr. Sephton interviewed the late Mr. Mortimer who said be would abate the nuisance, at whatever cost, if the Council would only show him how that was to be done.

On the motion of Mr. Knowles, it was decided to serve a notice upon the firm to abate the nuisance.

NOTICE ON A COUNCILLOR.

Several other notices were Ordered to be served, including one upon Mr. R. Fotshaw, the representative of Burtonwood in respect of the pollution of the brook at Burtonwood: BUTTERMILK BRIDGE IN A DANGEROUS CONDITION.

Mr. THOMPSON said the repairing of this bridge had not been done to his satisfaction or to the satisfaction of the people of the neighbonrhood. The SURVEYOR said the work was not finished. The bridge had been made safe temporarily. Mr. THOMPSON: I was there on Sunday night, and I was rather afraid that I might go through. The CHAIRMAN said he thought that when the Roads Committee went round the district they ought to make a special visit to the bridge. For the safety of the public, a new iron bridge should be provided. The SURVEYOR said the BorOugh Surveyor was re- cently approached, but the Corporation declined to join with the District Council in erecting a new bridge. The CHAIRMAN: I th ink the Corporation would comply with our wishes if the matter were brought before the Town Council.

C IRGULUIS n ths neatest style, from =der type, and of the best workmanship. JOHN WALKER & CO., ELiM IN ER OFFICE, BE WS EY, STREET,

WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19040709_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

Owing to to the holidays there was a. smaller artter Seal' than usual at the meeting of this Society. IW.'resici i 5 Travis, of Liverpool, formerly of Warrington, Pew ?le and spoke of the pleasure it gave him to rip, P acquaintance with the P.S.A. Society at WYclidlie was one of the first to be connected with it lieved that it had had an influence for good in ti?eti itot There was a great field of usefulness for the seelheis he trusted that every member of it would de sec.re- to promote its best interests.—Mr. B. S. Wilsee•A 100.: tary of the Liverpool P.S.A. Federation addreTsscieo“ self to answering the question: "What cart d. ,{1 my life ?" A similar question he sal asked by St. Paul at his conversion, the. jf .fef what wilt Thou have me to do ?'' this lit were going to do anything and be anything' it meant work and they must make up their 01111 0, 0 0 what they were going to do. There WaS 11°1t40 present who had not a life to live, and it u est question how they were going to spend the "fluid r„,,,, but how were they spending this. They no prepare themselves for a future life by seekinrh.he o°-0 in the footsteps of Christ whilst on eartb.--niecti° Secretary (Mr. Farrar) announced that the e" for the Benevolent Fund realised £1 Gs. 4d.

bef"rti A DANGER TO PUBLICANS. At the Runcorn Petty Sessionsl on AlondaY,„,,iiliPs; Messrs. J. Ockleston and W. Timmins, Ersest Cawdor street, was summoned for having been 'rUh lone, ocoo o the licensed premises of the George Inn, Poole, said h the 25th ult. He pleaded guilty.—P. C. nollan_uGeerged was the defendant,who;was very drunk,enter the oe 100 Inn. He went in and had him ordered out., beest previously been in the Royal Oak Inn and id ordered out by the landlord.—The Chain-Dan Vefg, such men as the defendant placed publicans dronj awkward position by.entering their houses wuide be tino`t,, rhey had no right to do it. Defendant wen tined 10s.—Thomas Molyneux, Western Point, for having been drunk on the premisls ef t peight. was h Dor Rodney beerhouse, Church street, on SaturdaY

. 11114 ATTEM rNS PTED age , SUICIDE AT ST. e,COI is Thomas Taylord fifty-nine, of DeanY-laPeide, iser Green, St. Helens, attempted to commit alleged, by cutting his throat on Tuesday now lies at St. Helens Hospital.

rat] alic tre

cla t' i

===== 0002601_19040709_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
:DsTEAD

TUE NATION'S VERDICT.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
-- 111 E ELECTORS Jr. FISCAL REFORM.

THE. BY - ELECTIONS

tth is a remarkable fact that since the intro- ion of Mr. Chamberlain's proposals, aaitiler more than a year ago, we have had an st continuous succession of by-elections. 0..e(-111eutiv there have been two contests going ttli at the same time, and scarcely • has the thtilltq received the results of the elections It4ll further vacancies have been announced. Eieenti as theuzh Fate had at last turned Nahlst Mr' Chamberlain, and, in order to ,141116 h him for keeping silence -upon the Fiscal ?„11,,es,tion in the House of Commons, it is tr,e"lg his followers to face the .ordeal of e"te and division in the country.

It 119) Mr. Chamberlain any choice in the er, it is doubtful whether he would have 111',1.'ed to submit his proposals to the electors 11,11‘11 his plans and schemes were more 6,'HAllred. Mr. Chaplin has told us that Mr. ~""laeelain was rushed into launching his IPaigl by the withdrawal' of the shilling tax by Mr. Ritchie in the Budget of Mr. Chamberlain wculd probably have referred to have put off these contests until tiel had captured the Unionist organisations w.14(-aighout the country, so that in every con- ii(iti'ency the official Unionist candidate would p4ve Leen made to swallow Preference and Tteetion or retire. ti,4l-t Chamberlain has shirked discussion in hi! 1100.,e of Commons because he knows that Plicy will not bear investigation. For the to ,111,,e reason he would probably have -preferred /i Have avoided .contests in the constituencies. i 8 Slowly and surely elbowing .Mr. Balfour of the Leadership of the party in the o.e, and in time will perform a similar. e Arl'atiou in the country. Whatever may be Chamberlain's shortcomings as a states• h is pre-eminent as a caucus manager for' a naanipulator.of men. It is unfortunate therefore, that these elections should 'e come along and forced a division in the b''lstituencios before he was ready. The result tbe ;leciions has been disastrous for him.

_ (-4Lvi-cE at the elections which have taken i,14,4e since Mav of last year reveals some ,art€ Testing facts. In the list below the results e tzthulat 1 'tl the attitude of the Unionist ( .IVI 1 ;I(laze towards Mr. Chamberlain. For lai;,L;l,'•icity they are described 'as Chamber- -"Le or Balfourite :

Cox „ l'lrt:Fxcir Lt It,r 1* :1,11; ton Ai id_ bw I,,;l4:lllfirews*

UNIONIST CANDIDATE. Balfourite Balfourite BalVouritet Chamberlainite Chatnberlainite Chamberlainite Chamberlainite Balfourite Balfourite

RETURNED. Liberal Unionist • Unionist Unionist Liberal Liberal Liberal Liberal Liberal

Chanaberlainite Unionist I'arn Chamberlainite Unionist s,* Balfouritet Liberal . - Ifili noliam Chamberlainite Unionist ' -b Balfouritet Liberal lh:!.t nors,t* Balfourite Liberal '''' of Ih 1.• iri - .v ight No candidate Liberal h 'oroot,ll Balfourite Liberal Zo;"t.* Balfouritet Liberal 'ffby 11-1 Balfouritet Liberal qttqse constituencies to which a star is I,i,`;'elled were previously represented by a it etaL Those 13alfourite candidates to whom itti;t:-ger is attached were originally Chamber- l4,illtes ; but with the fear of the electors , ire their eyes they abandoned Preference '411(1 i- tlle tax on food. It will be seen that the work out as follows:

.'"lthltourite victorious: Rochester and Learning- (2). el;amberlainite victorious: Ludlow, Dulwich, :aid South firininaham (4). ill''lll,)tirit-e defeated: Argyllshire, Ayr, Mid- Normanton, E. Dorset, Harborough, Devon- ''", and Sowerhv (8). Cii;intherlainite-defeated: Mid-Devon, Norwich, k:11,1 Gateshead (3)- 411 i th,)3 analysis, upon, the face of - it, looks as t.„l.lgli Mr. Chamberlain's bold policy of At, the food of the people were more _ ceet'stul than what Mr. Winston Churchill it4s called Mr. Balfour's "Sheffield shuffle." latwill be seen that eight Balfourite candi- es have been defeated, while only four thrlarnberlainites have suffered reverses; and tiree Chamberlainite candidates have been keeted, and only two Balfourites. The reason ,t the number of Balfourite defeats is that in Y constituencies where the Unionist candi- PlLe feared he might lose he unceremoniously edged himself to vote against Mr. Chamber- ,l4.4l's Toney in the hope of averting defeat. It 7111 be noticed that the sudden conversions Charnberlainites to .Balfourites have %creased rapidly of late. *the Verdict.

juE verdict of these elections is most ,Ilulistakably against Mr. Chamberlain's hIP°BaIS• Out of eighteen constituencies, in .3r seven of them Clare the Unionist candi-, titate, go to the poll as an avowed supporter of teeriff Reform, and in five of these there 'tied no possible chance of defeat. The tthlllY Unionist candidates who dared to face .probability of defeat by supporting Mr. jilatoberlain were those at Gateshead and i(1-bevon. And even in these cases they ‘l,li`st have known that defeat was inevitable lkihlher they stood as Balfourites or Chamber- l'"tes• It comes to this, therefore, that tela,joilist candidates who hope to win, but e possibilitytl f losing through sup- )o,4. lo tng Tariff Reform, do not hesitate to r Mr. Chamberlain over. 'the ure. -Nizis Mr. Chamberlain is able to stop hi,se wholesale desertions from his standard, billehances of capturing the Unionist party Gei, grow less as time goes on. If at the e-"al Election there is no greater proportion 134 naMberlainite candidates than there has (luring the by-elections, then the cause of Reform is lost before the battle begins. 'VI", is, as only one-third of the Unionist sql,cuclates will go • to the poll as pledged AogPrters of Mr. Chamberlain, and only a 4111 of them can be returned—according to 41,•,,,r3Y-elections proportion, two-thirds—the Lel ;" Reformers in the next Parliament must a/nall body. teel. 'we follow out the by-election forecast, and 4t, ell the English, Welsh, and Scdtch con- •tailicies at 560 and the number of Chamber- /11''' candidates at 186, then the folbwers Chamberlain after the General Election 460„1'''t number more than 124, or somewhere n%.111-4.1' their strength in the present House of thoollB. This is probably a liberal estimate number of Food Taxers who will 1-e t°l'e4ed. But, accepting it as a possible °licet of the General Election, it will. t elipti,'? Seen that Mr. Chamberlain's plans for 'Alce `l4lllg the Unionist party are not likely b

===== 0002601_19040709_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
FEARNHEAD SEWAGE.

A report on the Fearnhead Sewerage Scheme was sub- mitted by the Surveyor. The Council decided that copies should be printed and forwarded to each member of the authority and to the Parish Council.

Central Station Clerical Staff Picnic. On Walking Day the clerical staff at the Central. Station had a picnic to Llandudno. The party, num- bering 20, proceeded in a saloon provided by the London and North-Western Railway Company. On arrival they enjoyed themselves as inclination dictated until lunch, which was partaken of at Mr. Sumner's Grosvenor Restaurant,Mostyn-street. Then all joined the North Wales Steamship Co.'s boat, St. Elvies and sailed to Menai Bridge. A short ramble was enjoyed, and on returning to Llandudnq, tea was served at the same cafe. Warrington was reached at 9.30 p.m. after a successful outing.

CLLH/Eis'is WoHLD-PAMItto BLOOD MIxT7RIt " is a guaran- teed cure for all Blood and Skin Diseases. It is the most ourishing blood cleanser oveidiscovered.and it w ill free the system from all impurities from whatever cause arising from Scrofula. Scurvy, Bczema, Bad Legs, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands of Testi- monials. Bole everywhere at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.--Advt. 1.

CLARK h'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in eithe SAX, all acquired or constitutional discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Betablished upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s, 6d each, of all chemists and Patent MPdi?.ine Vendors through- rut the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company. Linceln.— Advt.

FLORILINE !—FOR THE TEETH AND BREATH.—ThOrOnghIY cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities. bEirde n the gums, prevents tartar, slops decay, and gives to t h teeth a peculiar pegrlv •Rhiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price .29. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar for the Floriline " Powder," of all chemists and Perfumers,— Advt.

VALUABLE IDIECOVERY VCR THE HAIR.—If your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR ItENEwEV, for it will positively restore, in every case., grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair Dromoting the ~vawto. crbrai cr me 31 ist.g4l toitftul el a5..:111

To litloTHEns. _ors. WirfsLow's Foothing ilyrup nag peen used for over fifty years by millions ormothers for their chil- dren while teething.with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer in mediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." all Chemists Is. lid per bottles—Advt.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
_ d 1

BISHOP OF MANCHESTER AT WARRINGTON.

Prize-Giving at the Training College.

I The Bishop of Manchester (Dr. Knox) on Saturday distributed prizes to the students of the Warrington Training College. The students were accommodated on a platform, and there was a large and distinguished 1 company in the body of the hall. The chair was occu- pied by the Bishop of Manchester, and he was accom- panied on the platform by the Dean of Manchester (Dr. Maclure), the \Ten. Archdeacon Barber, Canon Willis, Penrhyn, Kelly and Gore, Mr. R. H. Joynson aid the Principal (Rev. Morley Stevenson.) The following is a list of invited guests :—Mrs. Knox, Mrs. Lyon, Mrs. Penrhyn, Mrs. Handyside, Miss Pierpoint, Mrs. Stevenson, Mr. H. M. Richards (H.M.1.), Mr. Hance (Liverpool Education Committee), Mr. G. H. Danby (Widnes Education Committee), Mr. R. Jones (Birken- head Education Committee), Mr. J. Moore Murray (Warrington Education Committee), the Rev. and Hon. C. F. Cross, the Revs. Dr. Dickson, C. A. M. Evans and N. Wilson, the Rev. D. R. and Mrs. James, the Rev. H. A. and Mrs. Lester, the Rev. G. P. and Mrs, Wethered, the Rev. J. and Mrs. Yonge, Mr. T. W. Brownell, Mr. F. W. Monks, Mr. C. and the Misses White, Mr. and Mrs. Atkin, Dr. and Mrs. Adams, Mrs. Atkin, Captain and Miss Appleton, Miss Allen, Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Ashcroft, Mrs. Aitchison, _Miss Ambrose, Mr. Ashton, Mrs. and the Misses Broadbent, Dr. and Mrs. E. Bowden, Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Burgess, Mrs. T. W. Brownell, Mr. and Mrs. A. Bennott,the Misses Brookes, Miss Barker, Mrs. Baty, Miss Bebbington, Miss Birkett, Miss Bissell, Miss Bygrave, Mrs. and Miss Burbery, Mrs. Brocklebank, Mrs. and Miss Coxon, Mr. and Mrs. Carruthers, Mrs. and Miss Chapham, Mrs. Craik, Mrs. Davies, Mrs. G. H. Danby, Mr. and Mrs. Davies, Mrs. Dean, Miss Evans, the Misses Fletcher, Miss Frost. Mrs. Fairclough, Mrs. Fell, Dr. and Mrs. Guest Gornall Mrs. and Mrs. Goddard, Mrs. Hamilton, Miss E. A. Harrison, Mr. and Mrs. Hatton, Mrs. Hayes, the Misses Highet, Mr. and Mrs. Hill, Miss Houghton, Mrs Hudson, Miss Hughes Mr. and Mrs. Hulse, Miss Howard, Miss Jones, and Mrs. Jc-nes, Miss Kennedy andA friends Miss Lax, Dr. Langdale, Mr. and Mrs. Ley, Mr. and Mrs. May, Mrs. J. Moore Murray, Miss Mercer, Mrs. Nickson, the Misses Norton, Mr. and Mrs. H. V. Nunn, Mr. and Mrs. 011erenshaw, the Misses Peers, Mrs. and Miss Perry, Mr. Parker, Mr. and Mrs. Ruddock, 'Mrs. Riley, Mrs. Shepherd and friend, Miss Shaw, Mrs. Simmonite Mr. and Miss Seel, Miss Singleton, Mr. S. Simpkin Mr. and Mrs. Smith, Miss Statham, Miss Sandbach, Mr. and Mrs. Stott, Mr. Mrs. and Miss Thompson, _Miss M. Timewell, Miss Taylor, Mr. Tipping, Mr. and Mrs. Vickers, the Misses Watkins, Mr. and Mrs. H. Woods, Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Woods, the Misses Woods, Miss Walcot. Miss V. Winsor, Miss Ward, Miss and Mr. D. N. Webster, Mrs. and Miss White, Miss and Mr. T. Willacy, Mr. T. and Mr. C. Williams, Mr. and Mrs. Winstanley, Miss Vvrenn, Mr. and Mrs. Yates and all the members of the Resident Staff. ADDRESS BY THE PRINCIPAL. THE DEMAND FOR TEACHERS.

The Rev. MORLEY STEVENSON, in opening the pro- ceedings, said he did not think anyone could fail to notice that the Education Act of 1902, whatever might be its merits or demerits, had awakened throughout the country a very great wave of interest in popular educa- tion. He thought that those of them who had been interested in education, perhaps for many years, could not recall any period in which the interests of the country at large had been so keenly awakened, and so largely aroused in the question as it had been during the I past year, and amongst other things that interest had led to the great question of the supply of properly trained teachers. On all sides they heard that there was a scarcity of well-trained teachers, and on all sides also they saw that people were now at last beginning to awaken to the fact that the supply and training of teachers was really the key to the whole educational problem. That was very gratifying to them in training colleges. They had for many years been trying to awaken an interest in the work of training collegesand although they had succeeded, perhaps, to a certain extent—with such audiences as he was then addressing and with those who were really interested in the question of educa- tion—be was sure they would all be astonished if they realized at all the depth of the ignorance and the slight- ness of tke interest which the public of this great country at large had felt in the question of the supply and training of teachers. Whatever faults might be attributed to that college he did not think they could be accused of having been blind to the fact that the supply of teachers was not what it ought to have been, or that they had not tried their very best to increase that supply. Last year he had the pleasure of telling them that they were opening—as they had now opened—a large hostel at Orford lianas an addition to the college, in which accommodation for thirty students had been found. (Hear, hear.) He had now the pleasure of adding to that, that owing largely to the generosity of one who had always taken a great in- terest in the college they would be enabled, they hoped, in September, to open another hostel in Manchester. (Applause.) In that hostel they hoped to place those students—they would not be a large number—who would be able to devote three years to their training instead of two, and who were capable of profiting by a University course and working for a University degree. Therefore they would see that the Church of England, as represented In this part by that college,had done its best to provide for the Increase in the number of teachers, and to offer to those who were intellectually Most gifted and capable of profiting by it, the opportunity of having the highest educational advantages which could be put within their reach. (Applause.) He thought he must say a word of warning, and as he had his back to the students he could say it all the more comfortably. (Laughter.) It was with reference to the effect that this great and sudden demand for trained teachers was likely to have upon the teachers themselves, and he wished to point out that there was a very distinct danger to the teachers. There was a great demand for them and a correspond- ing increase in salaries, and they were able to pick and choose. But the great demand for them and their being so much sought after made them run the risk of getting their heads turned. He hoped the teachers—and he was not referring merely to his own young teachers, but to the teachers all over the country—would rise to the seriousness and responsibility of their office and not be flitting about from one school to another, as a butterfly went from one flower to another. because there was a little more honey to be gained in the shape of a few pounds extra here or there. (Hear, hear.) The work of the teacher was so important, and her influence so great,that it should not be jeopardized by constant changes for the sake of some small good of this world, but they should feel that by earnest, steadfast, persevering work in one sphere they would best realize the greatest and brightest hopee they had for them and most successfully carry out that important work which the country looked to them to do. (Applause.) it was to the training colleges that the country looked chiefly and mainly for the supply of the best adapted and best trained teachers The colleges, as they were doubtless aware, were of two kinds—residential and day. He referred to this matter 'because lately there seemed to have been a sort of current of feeling about it, which had no doubt been set in motion in certain quarters, that the residential college was to be looked upon as an old, deficient, and rather effete institution, and that the day college was to be the college of the future. He did not wish for a moment to enter into a comparison of the two, and he did not think it would be becoming of him to do so. Also he had the greatest respect for the work of the day colleges. But certain ' charges had been brought against residential colleges and those charges had been made by those who probably, he should think,' had never been inside a residential college in their lives. They were told that residential colleges were very narrow; that the students, which was obvious, were all for the same profession; and that they were shut up and located in a sort of prison house—(laughter)—and had no opportunity of mixing with other people, and consequently were turned out after some mechanical pattern in a particular groove to run their particular course of life. He wished to say, as emphatically as possible.that after more than 20 yeers' experience in the college he did not think there was an atom of truth in such charges. (Applause.) The whole course of study and social life of the college, the frequency with which students wore brought into contact with great men—great lecturers, great teachers, great preachers— all tended to vary and widen the life, and he could appeal with confidence to any of the students who had passed through the course of their college life there and be sure that the 3 would maintain what he said and tell him that the effect of the college career had been immensely to widen intellectually, and refine and culture the life with which they went out to face the world. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19040709_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
'THE BISHOP AND RELIGIOUS TRAINING

The LORD BISHOP, who was cordially received, said it behoved a Bishop of Manchester to be somewhat interested in education, for one of his first experiences when he come into his diocese was that he had to preach school sermons every Sunday morning and evening for the first half-year at all events of his existence. (Laughter.) And when he had done that for half a year he must indeed know a great deal about education if he had anything new to say to an audience like the present. He did not flatter himself that he had much that was new to say. He had had something to say, but he was very nnwi e to let the Principal speak before him— (laughter)—as he had said most of the things it was his intention to say, and said them with his experience behind him and with his wonderful exactness and taste- ' fulness of language. Addressing himself more particu- larly to tbe students, his lordship said they who were being trained there were looking forward to going out. very shortly, and the goal they had before them was some day of having a school of their own, which they could really call their own, and in which they could carry out those magnificent ideas which, he had no doubt, they had been thinking over and dreaming about in the hope one day of realizing. Ho trusted they would all have schools of their own—except those whom the malignity of the other sex carried off— (laughter)—and thus robbed them of a great portion of the fruit of their labours,but they no doubt contributed thereby to the happiness of a great many homes and provided the schools by and by with some excellent scholars. (Loud laughter.) But meanwhile they must

===== 0002601_19040709_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 9, 1904.

confess the fact that there was a leakage, and allow for the leakage, but what most of them hoped for was cer- tainly to haven school. When they had got that school. he thought one of the first things that would dawn upon them was that some of the regulations and requirements of the college, which had, perhaps, appeared to have been a little pedantic and old-fashioned would be found to have some meaning after all, and they would then thank those whom they had perhaps dubbed old-fogies— ,(laughter)—for having insisted nponthem. After refer- ring to the importance of the students acquiring the power to rule themselves and the power to rule other people, the Bishop, speaking on day and residential training'colleges, said that whatever opinions might be held upon the subject, the residential training college was bound to stay, and was hound to become one of their great strongholds for national education. The value of residential colleges lay in the intercourse which it afforded the students with one another—the common life, the common home and, for those who valued it, that religious instruction which helped to build up character hi a way that it could be built up by no other educational system. It gave them powers of self-government, of dealing with other people and of ruling which, he was confident, no day college had ever yet imparted or ever would impart. Another reason why they greatly valued their residential colleges was that they gave definite religious instruction according to the principles of the Church of England. "And about this definite instruction in the principles of the Church of England," the Bishop said, "let me say we are sometimes mis- understood. I have heard even members of my own Church and clergy speaking in a way which seems to me entirely to misunderstand what we are trying to do. For instance, I have heard it said, 'How ungrateful it is of those who have received a college training in our residential colleges that when they grow up and go out into the world, in a few years some of them cease to be.• members of the Church of England. and others are very loosely attached,' and so on. 'Surely,' they say, 'grati- tude should bind them to be strong, ardent Churchmen and Churchwomen all the rest of their lives.' That seems simply and entirely a mistaken view of what a residential col4ege is aiming at. We do not ask you to come here and, before you can understand all the diffi- culties of. the questions which will be propounded to you, to be bound down to a system, with all that it entails, and say you are not to go beyond the limits of this system all the rest of your days.. We do not want to prejudice or to hamper you, to fetter you with shackles that are to be lifelong. That is wholly absent from, at all events, mv cemception of a residential training college, and if I thought that was what we meant by definite religious instruction, I, for one, would have nothing to do with a residential training college, for I hold it to be of the utmost importance that all young people should be learners and seekers after truth. It seems to me that 1 what we do here is to put before you that which we hold to be true and which we are convinced to be true, and we say, as we teach it, 'Work out this thing for yourselves, think out and live out what we teach you, and do it with the single desire of arriving at the truth in the sight of God. Have no fear of the consequences if you are earnest seekers after truth.' We do not give definite religious instruction inour residential training colleges with the idea of fettering the free minds of young people at an early stage of their existence, but in the hope of helping them to arrive at the truth."— (Hear, hear). He was glad (the Bishop went on to say) to have an opportunity of saying publicly that it had come to his knowledge that it was supposed they gave up an undue proportion of time in Church dayand resi- dential training colleges to religious instruction. That was not the case. They did not give more time to religious instruction than was given in undenominational training colleges. •

Wholesale of

Agent :—J. S. GARLAND,BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

CROP'S PATENT PIPE.

(PATEbIT' No. 16333.) This invention effectually- prevents any moisture or nicotine either entering the month or coming in contact with the tobacco. Any condensation which might take place is immediately dtied up by the absorber (E) so that the smoke is not only coal but entirely free from acridity caused by dampness.

CHARLES CROP and SONS, Brooksby's Walk, [Somerton, London, E. Retail of all Tobacconists Price from 1/6.

~,v,,,,.., 1 ~.,..,:s',„ ~....,,,,,z, ..,..,,,,...,,,,,:::% =-7:-•:f--'''''?'"r7—‘ -n.,.,,,,:.,-=:- ~,,, ' ',:. z''-: , •-•',--'-',-:—.- ' . ''• N'', ' -**-- •?' C ••:.'''-' ' ' -': „ 7 f 'Z% / '..„.14.M-- • 0; '''' A e: ...*:,..-<„,,,,,,-,• ~ ~ - .

===== 0002601_19040709_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PRIZE LIST.

The following is the prize list : Bertha Jones, Lilian Craik, Maude Hudson, Hannah Osborn, religious knowledge;lvy Adkin and Lucy Wrenn, highest marks in all subjects (first prize) : Georgina Fawcett, second prize; Frances Hill, Maude Hudson, Bertha Jones, practical teaching; Annie Highet and Lucy Wrenn, theory of teaching ; Edith Carter, arith- metic; Fanny Williams, algebra • Georgina Fawcett, reading and recitation; Eleanor firaithwaite. Georgina Fawcett, Annie Highet, composition; Ivy Adkin, "The Best Letter"; Lucy Wr nn, history and geography and practical science; Alice Crompton, drawing (book work); Amy Riley, drawing (blackboard) ; Ivy Adkin and Ella Yates, music; Ivy Adkin and Mary Mercer, needlework; Elsie Bissell and Lucy Wrenn. nature study.

- On the motion of the DVS of MANcitEsTEß,seconded by the Ven. Archdeacon BARBER, and supported by Canon PENRITYN, a vote of thanks was passed to the Bishop. Tea was served and the Volunteer Band played selec- tions of music in the grounds.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The Longford Depot Nuisance.— Notice

to Abate.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Rural Dis- trict Council was held at Bewsey Chambers on Wed- nesday afternoon Mr. T. Halton presiding.—There were also present Murray, Messrs. Brookes, Mather, Backhous' e Knowles, Houghton, Ball, Thompson, Long- ton, with Dr. Sephton (medical officer of health), S. Sutton (assistant clerk), F. W. Kerfoot (inspector), B. S. Newcombe (surveyor), and H. H. Burnage (assistant surveyor).

===== 0002601_19040709_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
RE-APPOINTMENTS,

The Local Government Board wrote sanctioning the re-appointments of Dr. Sephton and Mr. Kerfoot for the ensuing year at s 'Juries of £l5O each.

WATER SUPPLY QUESTIONS.

The Council sealed an agreem-ent with the Warring- ton Corporation for the supply of water to Brow Farm, Great Sankey.

The Warrington Water Engineer (Mr. Deas) wrote respecting the proposed extension of the water main to several farms at Burtonwood. He stated that in future all expenses in the township must be guaranteed at the same percentage as was charged on all the out- lying townships. This percentage at the present time was 8 per cent on the cost of the work for a term of seven years. The ASSISTANT CLERK said that as far as Burtonwood was concerned there was an advance of from 5 to 8 per cent on the cost. The original charge was 4 per cent. but the Corporation afterwards said they had made a mis- take and raised it to 5 per cent. The point to be settled was whether the Council was willing to pay the increased charge of 8 per cent. It was decided that arrangements be made for the supply of the water as requested.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH DUST CONTRACT.

MT. THOMAS WHITFIELD, the dust contractor at Penketh, wrote asking that his remuneration should be increased by £l5 which would make it .£loo—the amount received by his predecessor. The application. was referred to the Penketh Parish Council.

A RESIGNATION

At the last meeting of the special committee on bye- laws a letter was read from Mr. Frank R. Bickford, tendering his resignation of the office of junior assist- ant surveyor, as he had been offered another position. He asked to be allowed to leave the Council's service at once and expressed his willingness, if necessary, to forfeit the month's salary. - _

The committee recommended that Mr. Bickford, be allowed to leave without the forfeiture of the salary, and the Council agreed to this course.

REVISION OF BYELA.WS.

At a meeting of the Byelaws Revision Committee, it was decided that the byelaws now in force be continued without operation, and several of the model byelaws drawn up by the Local Government Board were adopted. The committee's decision was approved. HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT.

Dr. SEPTITON reported that during the month there had been 28 births and 52 deaths. The death rate from all cases was equal to 53.4 against 308 the average for the past three months, and 422 for the corresponding month last year. Thirty seven deaths occurred in Winwick Asylum, and exclusive of these the death rate proper for the district was 15S. The report was adopted.

LONGFORD DEPOT. NOTICE TO ABATE THE NUISANCE

Dr. SEPHTON reported that he visited Longford Depot along with the Inspector and found a very marked improvement both inside and outside the works. The nuisance from the chimney was very much less offensive than formerly, and the smell inside was considerably abated. He thought that when the reservoir was finished and a plentiful supply of water was obtained for con- densing the vapours, the nuisance so long complained of would be abated. Mr.iKNowLEs : When were yoti there last? Dr.SEPATON : A week last Wednesday. Mr. KNOWLES : • To-day the smell is about as bad as it can be. Dr. SEPHTON : The Inspector said he passed the works just before we went there, and there was not the slightest smell. On the Wednesday there was a very slight until but it was very faint. Mr. KNOWLES said that at one time there was not the slightest smell for three or four days when the wind was blowing towards the road. It shows they can prove• t the smell if they like. Dr.'SEPHTas : Of course they can. Mr. KNOWLES: A nuisance existed there this morn- ing. I propose that the nuisance inspector serves them with a notice to abate the nuisance from the pipe which conveys the vapours into Sankey Brook. Dr. SEPHTON : The nuisance can only be abated by condensing the vapours. Mr. KNOWLES pointed out that the condensation would cost the Corporation something for water. If they could not get enough "clean water' out of Sankey Brook they gave the thing up as a bad job. The Corporation water main passed close by. If a private person carriq€l on the same manufacture the Council would say "-What on earth has it to do with us. You must have a supply of water, and abate the nuisance." The same tbing must be said to the Corporation. Dr. SEPHTON said the Corporation would reply that

===== 0002601_19040709_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
BURIED ALIVE.

A woman of Frieburg was buried on Saturday morning at Einsiedlin, the seat of the well-known shrine of the Black Madonna. The service at the grave was over,and the mourners had gone to Mass in the Abbey Church, when the gravedigger, who had began to fill in the grave, heard cries for help. The coffin was opened, and the woman was discovered to be still alive.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
YOU OUGHT TO KNOW

that Holdroyd's Gravel Pills are a positive Cure for Gravel. Gumbago, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind. Water Complaints, Diseases of the Kidneys, Gout, Sciatica, end Rheumatism. Try one box; if not satisfied money returned. Is. 11J., all Chamitts. Post free 12 Amps] NOldroyd's Medical Hall, Cleckheaton, Yorks.

E

MEN.

When you are tired of taking mysterious prescrip-tions,and weary of wearing Electric Belts, write tome, and I will send you a Book, which shows how every man, young and old, may be quickly and thoroughly cured of NERVOUSNESS, EXHAUSTION, VA.RIOUCELE. and DEBILITY, from any cause whatever, WITHOUT STOMACH MEDIC:NE, or ELECTRICITY. HunOreds of cures. Book sent sealed,post free, for two stamps.—A. J. LEIGH, 92 and 93,Great Russell St., London. W.C. Over seventeen years' successful results. il• Is vionderiui water prower tor BOOTS HARNESS. Sof- tens ev it tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow Wish- log with blocking. ___ _ __ _ .

GOLD MEDAL - EXHIBITION HIGHEST AWARDS. . 0 Tins sd.. ad., .r. 6.2/6 of Boot Dubbin Makers, Saddlers, Ironmoneers eo.c. Mann/ actory East Dukunck London.

_ - ,A 47 Used Successfully 34 Years. N Tor Eczema, Burns, Scalds. Ring- -,* •--e'&•Zz (6 worms, Wounds, Sores, and Skin , RADE Idt MAR t' Eruptions of every kind. IT WILL CURE YOU. OINTMENT - Prices 7jd., lin, and 2/9. 'mil IT II Oli SF Sold by all Ohemists, or post free from CIAPINOOO Z. B. WHITEHOUSE, US BEARWOOD RD. , SMETHWICK.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
4 p-,-

• • t_4;

, • .S.'

• 4' •

•

•

I

Ltd

, '4l

•-erl#

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

.:... • ,• .1

•

.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
,t;• :t L. •.

Possess the following qualities in a high degree They STENGTHEN the STOMACH They REGULATE the BOWELS They PURIFY and ENRICH the BLOOD They give TONE to the whole NERVOUS SYSTE BEECHAM'S PILLS butolt darrteigpoufre,ylin vegetable,r t 1 l ol rn IT beneficent and sure.

They will restore you to health if you give them a chance.

BEECHAM'S PILLS have ever enjoyed the confidence of Ladies for the ailments peculiar to their sex.

Sold Everywhere in Boxes, price Is. lAcl. ,56 pills) and 2s. 9d. (168 Pills) with full directions.

• • 2 : ' , "'t•••• • ."••' •,„'• •• - • , ' 'U' -

I I X-'.l

===== 0002601_19040709_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
‘".

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE

GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

A RECORD CURE! 32, Archer-street, Bayswater, London, W. Dear Sir,—Sunday night my big toe pained me, on Monday it was much worse and in the evening I could scarcely walk. At 6 p.m. worse, for a bottle of your Gout Pills, and took two at once. At 9.30 I was much relieved, and could eat my supper. I took another before going to bed, and although so hot I got a fair night's rest. I have taken two more pills to-day, and now, at 6.30, lam alright again. This is a record cure. Yours truly, PHILIP BRANS.

lINISTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE.

GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

AN INFALLIBLE REMEDY ! ! Breakfast Creek, Brisbane Queensland Dear Sir,—Some 15 years ago I had the misfortune be attacked with Rheumatic Gout. I tried nearly all the doctors here, but they did not do me much good. I saw your advertisement and obtained some of your pills, and I can assure you quickly got relief. When I feel any of the pains coming on, two or three pills gen- erally take them away. Many of my friends have used them, and all say they are an infallible remedy. For myself, I say there are none to equal them. Yours truly S. L. HOWMAN. EADE'S GOUT PILLS

Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all In j. urious matter, andare highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EUMAT-I-C PILLS.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
EADE'S GOUT PILLS

Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. Lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232 Goswell road, London.

EADE'S GOUT & R

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regiiding Speciality. Largest stock of Pdouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN ECOK. 16.) pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. IMPORTER OF GLASS. GLASS STOCK LISTS FtzkE ON APPLICATION.

H. MORELL„ 173 181 GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY LONDON, W • • W, rehouses : 71, 12-abd 13, Nears s. and 41, Neal Street, (in the reir), elegraphie Address: —" Rabbitry, London." Telephone 6,35 Central

WASHING' AT HOME. altAprozwa "VOWEL xs.s" 'washing. wykisiam.

L 4 Mangllnd Mishima' SAVE TIME, -

SAVE LABOUR, and SAVE THE CLOTHES. Write for Catalories, jOost fres ns arnication. THOMAS SRADFORO & C 0.,...

IV, 141, and 142, 111-IGE—nt;LE-O—XN, LONDON ; Vic-roma Avicsus, DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER; 1150, Bourrnumpri, LIVERPOOL; CRESCENT IRON We:dxs, SAL-roma

===== 0002601_19040709_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LIBERAL CLUB V. CONSERVATIVE CLUB. [Continued front Page 3.]

The return game between these two clubs was played on Thursday on the Conservative Club Green, the Liberals succeeding in retaining a margin of 10 points on the two games. Score :

LIB-ERA.LS. CONSERVATIVES. J. E. Warren A. Greenhalgh . 13 F Price T. Locker l3 G Rotherham 8 W. Patrick AV. Daintith 1 T. Turner l3 (Kendrick-street) E. J. Mitchell 6 J. Thornton l3 J. Smith J. Gibson l3 T Sutton lO __ _ _ __

A. Lawton __

J. Parr 2 T. Horrabin J. Middleton

R. Kerr 9 R.Straw l3 __

E. A. Sanders 6 Barnes J. Randall J. Davies 4 P. Richardson l3 T. O'Brien 5 W. J Wilson l3 C. Nevins l3 A. Siddell A. McWaters G. Simpson 2 W Hill l3 G. Strange

155 223 Liberals won by 88 at Liberal Club 155 Conservatives won by 78 at Conservative Club 78 Majority for Liberals 10 WARRINGTON LEAGUE v. WIDNES AND RUNCORN LEAGUE.

On Thursday a team selected from the Warrington and District League played a pleasant match with representatives of the Widnes and Runcorn League. The Warringtonians had the satisfaction of running out winners by 48 points. Scores wAuutso'ros it DISTRICT. 'WIDNES & RUNCORN.

J. Wareham 2l J. Dutton l6 C. Roberts F. J. Jefferson lO \V. 'Wilson T. Healing A. J. Jones (capt) J. Earle lB TI Treadwell T. Berry J. Rushworth 2l H. Myers l2 H. Fogg J. Weston 2l L. Fowler l3 J. Hall J. Brooks ll E. Turner 2l J. Jefferson 2l W.Cowburn H. Daintith G. Higham 2l C. Johnson J. Bowyers

306 Referee, Mr. J. W. Kay.

Warrington.—Printed and Published by jOITS Wegrg, street,a,anEd also zsaT t o The wN; Examiner church_s Otrifieeutesit,Vic & Co., at The Examiner General Printing :405 Bewray-street, and published by them at Plth.e ad, r(lket' WIDNES ; 32, George-street, ST. llgt. : Ess; 3. 140,V 9TH 1904. iisetooTa:l

t 3, I 1t.41

11 tl

• • , . . • . - ... . . , . . . . . . . . .di , . r . . , . , .. -

===== 0002601_19040709_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOVICE TO CORRESONDENTS.

Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be w-ritten on one side may of the paper andisent in, if possible,not later than Thursday.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Podmore's Denial.

Sir,—Mr. Joseph Podmore, junr., President of the Trades and Labour Council, again denies my statement. No useful purpose, therefore, can be served by further continuing this controversy. It is to be regretted that Mr. Podmore's memory and style of argument are so lamentably and equally deficient.—Yours truly,

EDWIND OSBORNE.

29, Lovely-lane, Warrington. Bth July, 1901. [Correspondence on this subject must now cease.—ED. EXA

===== 0002601_19040709_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
Walking Day.

Sir,—Will you allow me, tlrough-the columns of your valuable paper to express to the kind friends in War- Tington who so generously contributed to the success of u r Walking Day celebrations, the grateful apprecia- tion and wdtmest thanks of all the workers and scholars of Emmanuel Church Sunday schools. Our collectors waited upon the townspeople as usual, and in view of the general depression of trade, it is most encouraging to know, that the list of contributors and the funds collected shows a considerable increase upon those of last year (though I do not yet know the exact figures of the latter) and were given with many expressions of hearty goodwill for our prosperity. We are deeply grateful, and at the conclusion of the day's romp with -the youngsters at Daresbury the ringing cheers from their young throats which had been lubricated with tplentifal supplies of new milk and cake, was the clearest 'possible evidence that these lambs of Christ's fold had greatly enjoyed their Walking Day celebrations of 1904, which will not soon be forgotten. In the name of the whole Church and Sunday school, I wish to thank all -our supporters for their good wishes,and the substantial help which has been forthcoming.—Yours faithfully, F. VAUGHAN (Curate-in-charge, Emmanuel Church.) 442 Knutsford-road.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
The Social Problem.

Sir,—May I endeavour to reply as briefly as possible to the criticism of my letter by the Rev. H. Minnie°. In the first place, as a Socialist, I resent as most extreme, if not unjust, his assertion that "the party holds that it is capable of setting in order all things in heaven and earth." As no one has ever come from heaven to tell them of the state:of things there,they, in common with the rest of the human family, know nothing whatever about it, and have to say just as much as they know. They leave those matters to such as himself, and the church, who are paid to know more. And as to things on earth—well, they do but add their little iota to the process of evolution of the world's history, as do the Liberals and Conservatives, and with no greater pretentious than either. Mr. Dunnico goes on to say of the Socialists that "their adherents with few exceptions look on all other organisations as bitter rivals and upon those who hold aloof from their organ- isation with suspicion." This I strongly refute as not being correct. They receive all shades of opinion within their midst in the spirit of tolerance and brother- hood. One of their most honoured,if unwritten laws— and adhered to—is that if anyone comes in touch with them, or joins their organisation they shall be received in good-fellowship and ne questions shall be asked as to religious or political opinions. I notice that instead of keeping to the gist and point of my letter viz.,lthe impossibility of endeavouring to work the Liberal and Socialist cause at the same time, the reverend' gentleman defends himself by side-issues -under the cloak of his religion. I beg to point out that my letter was not on Christian Socialism versus non- Christian Socialism, nor upon religion at all, further than to use it as an analogy. Who has doubted Mr. I Dunnico's Christian bearing towards Socialism, or any- I thing else, or who has questioned his religious prin- ciples? I certainly did omit theword "Christian but then, I was writing of a minister of the Christian religion. I That being so, how was it possible for me to write of a Christian minister as being a non- Christian Socialist? I see no necessity for Mr. Dnnnico to qualify himself to be what every one else—myself included—took him to be as a matter of course. His qualification however (in that his Socialism is different to professing Socialism because Christian) suggests that the Socialists, as such, are not Christians. If so then Mr. Dunnico's Socialism is even a bit more narrow-minded than my own. There are as good Christians to be found amongst them, as amongst the Liberals and Tories—some of them clergy of various denominations. If there are non-Christians to be found amongst them there are also non-Christians amongst the Liberals and Tories. So why he "'should differentiate his, from ordinary Socialism because Christian I cannot conceive. If Mr. Dunnico, in his heart of hearts believes them to be non-Christian, if he thinks they treat others as bitter rivals, and look upon them with suspicion, then why does he place himself a Baptist minister, and Liberal enthusiast in such a false position as to champion the Socialist cause, advocate their principles by addressing their audiences and taking their chairs ?" But I do not think this his true attitude towards them and feel that his language occasionally gets the better of his more impartial judgment. His own friendly rela- tions towards them, and their's towards him are direct contradiction to his sarcastic criticism of them—at least of the Warrington branch. He asks will I "give a defini- tion of Socialism advocated by the party, and one which they will stand by." Well, pardon' no, not from dis- inclination nor perhaps inability but, lam but one of the least of their members, a mere unit amongst them and would not therefore presume to lay the law down for the guidance of men far superior to myself. If Mr. Dunnico really wishes such a definition may I recom- mend him to their intellect, their lecturers and chair- men. Men do not usually take the office of lecturer or chairman without at least knowing something of what they are going to talk about. I need not go into any argument re nationalisation of industry and property. If the principale of nationalisation is good for any pro- perty, any industry, then it is good for all, otherwise, where is the dividing line to be made, and who is to make it; the nation or the private owners of that which Should not be nationalised ? Which would try for the biggest pull I wonder! If the churches were all to be nationalised, and the ministry paid on the same principle as the Customs Post Office, etc., some pockets would greatly suffer thereby. Not that I think Mr. Dunnico would allow his principles to suffer for the sake of finance. I think that what hehonestly believes, that will he carry out to the best of his splendid ability. I wish him and the Social Service League, God-speed, though I cannot but feel that had my letter been written as a member of the Social Service League and on behalf of the Liberal cause, instead of that of Socialism it would not have been signalised as quite so illogical and narrow-minded by such an impartial and Christlike judgment as that of the Rev. H. Dunnico.—Yours sincerely, P. B. I

The Representation of Warrington. Sir,—ln your issue of last Saturday there is contained a letter from one "lona." I am not in a position to say what interest our present member •takes in the working classes; that can be hest answered by the working man himself, who, no donbt,is thoroughly con- versant with the attitude which he has adopted in Par- liament towards the Trades Unionist. But I would remind your correspondent that it is not in the interest of the British workman, or the commercial life of this country, to set class against class, and to inculcate into the workingman's mind that his biggest enemy is his employer. I think our friend will find that in Warring- ton, at least, the bulk of the intelligent working class element know that they have got a man in Mr. A. H. Crosfield who is broad-minded enough to realise that whatever is done to improve the condition of labour is appreciated by those participating in it. For example we have only to visit the works of which he is a director, to find that every encouragement is held out to those of its workpeople who have the interest of the firm at heart. Striking reforms have been inaugurated by the directors with a view of improving the social and physical conditions of its workpeople,reforms which must have called for considerable sacrifice on the part of the shareholder and directorate, both of a personal and financial character, which goes to emphasise the deep• and personal interest that Mr. Crosfield takes in the working classes, an interest which is not confined to those immediately in his employ, but has been given ex- nression to on the platform, time after time. It may be of interest to "lonat" and the employers,and working classes of Warrington, if I give a few of the improve- ments which Mr. Crosfield has helped to put in opera- tion at the works. Every employee who has been working for the firm continuously for 15 months prior to the first of April each year is allowed a week's holiday in the summer months with full pay. The choice of the date is left as much as is practicable to the individual. A paint is made of not refusing leave to any man during working time if sufficient reason is given for absence asked for. A Volunteer Company has been organized in the works which is attached to the Volunteer Battalion at Warrington. I believe they are the only firm in England who have so far taken this step. The managers are also encouraged to become Volunteer officers. Each volunteer is allowed to go a fortnight to camp every year, the firm paying full wages for one week and the difference between the amount of wages and the regimental pay for the second week. The men in the company are also allowed to put in an hour's drill per week in their working time. In order to further strengthen method, order and discipline, there is organized a strong fire brigade throughout the works, the men of which have to undergo military drill. Every six months, competi- tions between the men take place, the directors awarding prizes during the year to the amount of £3O. The firm are preparing the men to enter outside corn-

petitions with a view of eventually becoming possessors of the National Shield. The manning of the fire brigade is arranged with a view of gradually letting every young man in the firm's employment serve in the brigade. Physical development is promoted by encouraging games in the open air. There is an athletic club with sub-departments, consisting of football club, cricket club, and bowling club, also athletic sports. The clubs are all managed by committees elected by the men. They are self-supporting, the firm, how- ever, supplying the cricket field and certain outfit such as jerseys. The two cricket clubs and bowling clubs have also been very successful in outside com- petitions. Athletic sports are arranged annually, the firm supplying all the prizes. There is also a brass band (26 members) which is supported by the firm and managers, and which within the few years of its existence has worked itself up to be one of the best bands in the neighbourhood. It has already won a number of prizes in open competi- tions. The firm pay for the professional bandmaster to train the men, making a good attendance the oily condition, for the permanent continuance of this arrangement. A male and mixed choir have also been formed. These are also being trained to compete with outside choirs, the girls being trained,to sing 'part songs, and certain time every day will be set apart during the working hours for singing performances. The firm are now having plans prepared for dining rooms for both men and girls with baths and dressing rooms, also a library. The school and chapel which the firm owned specially for their own employees are beinp rebuilt, the members of the Crosfield family bearing the main burden of the expense. The works possesses a sick club,which is also self- supporting. The firm have given medical help and medicine free for many years. The men have now chosen their own doctor. The firm supply the con- sulting physician whenever required. The firm liberally subscribe to various infirmaries and hospitals both in Warrington and Manchester, in order to be able to take full advantage of them for the benefit of their employees. Special attentionhas bee-i paid by the firm to mental development of the employees. An investigation a few years ago showed that only a very small percent- age of the lads employed made use of the opportunities offered in the town for their educational benefit by evening classes. Statistics were taken and it was found that 13 per cent, of lads between 14 and 18 only attended technical schools. In order to increase the attendance the firm offered to pay the fees of any lessons taken by their employbs and also offered prizes at least equal in amdunt to the total fees to those who could prove a certain num- ber of attendances and whose master's report was satisfactory. The attendances rose from 13 per cent. to 50 per cent. the next year and 83 per cent. last year notwithstanding that the firm had increased the age limit from 17 to 20 years. Having achieved so large a percentage by the means just stated it was decided to make the attendances compulsory in future for lads in the employ of the firm under 17. This 4limit the firm hopes to increase eventually to 20 so that lads who enter their employ at 14 will have six years 'of compulsory schooling. In order to make the compulsion less irksome the firm continued their policy of paying all fees and offering substantial prizes. The firm has arranged with the manager of the educational department at Warrington for special courses. It has been pleasing to note that the firm's ex- ample in this respect is being either entirely or partly followed by several other influential firms in the neighbourhood. With regard to the girls, the directors are desirous of removing the odium which is so often attached to girls who work in factories. One of the 'conditions of employment in the works for the girls will be that at least two nights per week will have to be put to Technical instruction the principal subjects being needlework, dressmaking, laundry, cooking and domestic economy. Employing as the firm do several hundred girls it is hoped by this means in the course of some years to attain a very great improvement in the houses and homes of the workmen generally in this town. Each girl who leaves the works in order to get married receives from the firm a substantial wedding present. For general instruction the firm are supplying courses of lectures from time to time on subjects of importance. Fon example, a course of lectures on electricity was given just lately by thehead Professor, of Electricity from the Manchester Technical College for all employs specially interested in this subject. Lectures,concerts, smoking concerts, and social even- I ings are being arranged for the winter. The firm have arranged for the employs to elect al Workmen's Council on which the directors are not represented. The object of the Council is to collect suggestions from the workmen direct and to put these before the directors for approval. The suggestions are not in any way connected with the work but only with the welfare and the amelioration of the condition of labour generally in the works. All managers are instructed by the managing direc- tor to collect suggestions with regard to improve- ments connected with the works, and at the end of the year every manager sends in lists of the improve- ments made in his department, giving the names of those principally responsible for such improvements. To these employis,di rectors award substantial bonuses. The firm possesses an ambulance brigade, the centre of which is the laboratory, where a complete outfit of surgical instruments, bandages, etc., is kept. All lads and men are encouraged to attend ambulance lectures for which special arrangements are made every year, and prizes are given to those who satisfactorily pass examinations. A Challenge Shield has been given to be competed for by all corps in No. 4 district of the St. John Ambu- lance Brigade. I understand from the Deputy Com- missioner,Colonel Trimble,that this shield has stimu- lated, in no small measure the interest in ambulance work in the North of England. It has been the firm's object to reduce the hours of labour to a minimum and they have succeeded in most departments to do away with very early and very late hours. In most departments the men's time has been reduced from 10 hours to 9 hours a day,the total work- ing hours of 551 hours per week to 491, in some cases down to 46.1 hours, without alteration of wages. The girls' working hours have also been reduced, in this case from 551 to 461 throughout, without any reduc- tion. The firm has been successful in their system of profit-sharing, which they have introduced in several departments and intend to adopt this generally as far as possible. I maintain that these facts alone are sufficient proof of Mr. Crosfield's interest in the working classes, and it would suggest itself to me that the intimate knowledge which he displays of their wants is the best qualification we can have in a candidate for Parliamentary honours to represent a town like Warrington. While I take a deep interest—as others do—in the Labour movement in this town, I don't think we can have a better man at this juncture to champion its cause than Mr. Crosfield. In conclusion, if " lona " would only disclose his identity it would perhaps add greater weight to his correspondence. A champion Should not be ashamed co" his cause.—Yours truly,

W. FURNESS. Fern Lea, Great Sankey, NrWarrington,4th Ju1y,1904.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 9, 1904

penny of the Leicester freemen's money would have gone the same way long ago if they had not valued their rights and privileges, and used them, and fought for them to this day. They are to be convatulated on these manly virtues, and on the acquisition of such a valuable estate for the benefit of the aged and poor freemen of the town.

to do something for the health of the town' and if any committee stands in the way it out to be brought up at once. _

The MAYOR: It has not been put on the minutes for discussion to-night. Councillor PEMBERTON : It ought to have been. The MAYOR: You want to bring things in by a side issue. i Councillor PENIBERTON : It seems to me that there s an attempt made to stop free discussion. The MAYOR: There is no discussion at all. You cannot discuss a matter that is not on the minutes, and there is nothing on the minutes about the Education Committee and their manner of procedure. The report of the Medical Officer is here to be discussed. Councillor PEMBERTON : We can talk about what the Education Committee has done. The MA.YoR : No you cannot; I cannot argue with I you. Councillor PEMBERTON : But is not this a matter for the health of the town? The MAYOR: Yes. Councillor PEMBERTON : lam discussing that. Councillor EVANS : Every member of the Council is at liberty to raise any point in the report. The MAYOR: Yes. Councillor PEMBERTON : And the point is that the Medical Officer has not received the treatment he ought to have received at the hands of the Education Com- mittee. The MA.YOR : Where is that? On what page. It is no use going on like that. ' Councillor Horrocks rose and said he would like to speak, but was ruled out of order. The MAYOR put the motion for the passing of the minutes, and it was agreed to without further comment.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
(ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.;

SOCIAL SERMONETTES FOR WORKING MEN.

BY JOHN TAYLOR. Author of "Search Lights on Land, Labour and Social Problems."

FREEMEN'S ALLOTMENTS AT LEICESTER.

"The Freemen of Leicester own more than one hundred and fifty acres of valuable land near the centre of the town. They have twenty-four cottages for aged Freemen and their widows; and their invested funds amount to more than eighteen thousand

pounds."—Report of Deputies for 1903: A stranger who enters Leicester for the first time by road or railway will wonder why there are so many hundreds and thousands of cottage gardens and small allotments on the outskirts of the town. If he asks how they came there, and who is the generous land- owner who provides them, he will be told that they belong ton Corporation of Freemen,who own the estate, and manage it on thoroughlydemocratic and progressive lines for their mutual benefit.

_ If he wants to know how this interesting property was first acquired and how it assumed its present form, and who has the control of it, he will probably get a delicate hint to mind his own business and ask no ques- tions. When I first began to unearth the history and mystery.of this social movement I found that nine out of ten of the freeholders knew nothing at all about these things, and the other tenth would not tell what they knew. Those whr% are "in the know" regard every inquisitive stranger with suspicion and distrust, so I had to unearth the history of Leicester for myself, and ransack all sorts of rare and curious documents till I got the information I wanted. T.—THE FREEMEN'S ALLOTMENTS HAD THEIR ORIGIN IN ANCIENT RIGHTS OF' FREE PASTURAGE.

Five or six hundred years ago the Merchants' Guilds i were a mighty power n the land, and the tradesmen and merchants of those days cheerfully took the oath of allegiance, and paid their !subscriptions and sought elections to these ancient trade unions, for the sake of the rights and privileges they conferred on their members. A guild merchant could become a master tradesman and employ journeymen and apprentices, and sell his own goods freely in the market. He was eligible for any public office, and he could vote for the Mayor and Cor- poration at municipal elections. But the possession of land .was the best key to politi- cal power. If a man owned fields, and meadows, and houses, he was a freeman, and could vote for a member of Parliament. So the highest ambition of the mer- chants' guilds was to acquire some landed property that would enfranchise every member of the fraternity. They were not allowed to buyland in those days, without the King's permission, but they might accept it as a gift, so many public-spirited members remembered them in their wills, and left them some real property to enfranchise them and make them all into freemen. So it came to pass in most towns that the merchants' guilds were strong enough to control the Corporation and dominate thie whole of its municipal life. But town councils and city corporations could not buy or sell, or hold any land, without the consent of the King, and most of our sovereigns were so, opposed to the growth of municipal authority that they refused their consent to this privilege. When they did give their permission the Corporation either had to pay a big bribe for it or they must get it by strategy and guile. In the thirteenth century the Corporation of Leicester was sorely in need of some land for municipal purposes and the King would not allow it to buy the land it re- quired, so Simon /le Montfort, the famous Earl of Leicester and the" Father of Parliaments," offered the citizens some land on a perpetual lease. In the words of an old chronicler," he gave them the exclusive priv- ilege of renting the South Fields for ever, at a nominal sum, on condition that the poor freemen should have the exclusive right of free pasturage on those fields, from October to March every year." By this arrangement the Corporation obtained con- trol of the South Fields Estate, subject to the rights of the poor freemen to the winter pasturage. It was a dual ownership that was certain to lead to quarrels and disputes some day, but it was from that tiny acorn of Common Rights that the mighty oak of Freemen's Allotments has grown. Now I have given you the genesis of this movement and shown you how the members of the Merchants' Guild became freemen and acquired common rights of pasturage over the South Fields. But these rights could only be retained and preserved by constant "usage." If the commoners could be bribed, or per- suaded or cajoled,or prevented from feeding their cattle they would lose their common rights altogether, and they could not renew them when once they had lapsed. lI.—THE CORPORA NON OF LEICESTER MADE MANY ATTEMPTS TO TAKE AWAY THE RIGHTS OF PASTURAGE.

But the commoners valued their privileges, and fought for them against all comers. The town began to grow, and the land rapidly increased in value. About the middle of the eighteenth century a perfect epidemic of land-grabbing set in, and the Mayor and Corporation made a determined effort to get rid of the claims of the freemen, And deal with the land as they pleased. \ They sold small portions of it to private individuals, but the purchasers found the freemen's cattle pasturing there as usual. If they drove them off they were served with writs and involved in lawsuits, and the freemen invariably won. Then the Corporation claimed the right "to exclude such freemen as they thought proper from turning any horses, or cows, or other cattle into the South Fields." This claim was to enable them to get rid of all the agitators and leaders who were fighting the freemen's battles and leave only timid, weak, old people on the list, who would submit to anything. But the commoners regarded this as a serious attempt to encroach on their ancient rights and privileges, and they kicked up such a lively row aboutit that the claim had to be abandoned.

Finally, the Corporation resolved to enclose all the fields and sell portions of the estate as building Sites. So they put up posts, and rails, and fences, and gates, and barriers of all sorts to exclude the freemen's cattle. This so enraged the commoners that in September, 1755 they marched in a body to South Fields and took forcible possession of the whole show to assert their rights. They spent a whole fortnight pulling down all the fences and barriers and holding a big bonfire there every night. Just to relieve the monotony of these proceedings,they made frequent incursions into the town to break the heads of the aldermen and town councillors who had voted for this land-grabbing. But these gentlemen got to know that they were to be interviewed, and they had some idea of the treat in!store for them if they fell into the hands of that mob; so they went away and left no address. So the angry freemen had to be content with smashing their windows and wreaking their shops and warehouses and promising them a handsome licking some other day. Then there were writs and lawsuits in abundance, but no judge or jury could set aside the ancient rights of the commoners to free pasturage on South Fields. The land-grabbers got the worst of it at every round, and they had to swear and pay. Finally the dispute was carried to Parliament, and it was settled by a very sensible compromise. The commoners agreed to accept a large plot of free- hold land as compensation for the loss of their grazing rights. HT.—THIS LAND WAS TO BE HELD AND MANAGED BY THE FREEMEN'S REPRESEN-

TAMES. Twenty-one desputies were elected to form the Board of Management, and seven of these retire from office each year, but they are eligible for re-election, so it is possible to change the entire board once in three years. The estate was originally laid out for the benefit of working men who desired to increase their income by gardening. The rules provided that each occupier must use only spade industry, and he must put one ton of good rotted manure every year on each twohundred and fifty yards of land. He must not encroach on his neigh- bours' land or leave any dirt or obstruction in the road and he must fence his plot at his own expence. He must pay a rent of one farthing per yard yelrly, or about half a guinea for a plot of five hundred square yards. The twenty-four cottages are to be let rent free, and when- ever any vacancy occurs the oldest freeman shall have the offer of it. But times have changed sinceithese rules were,framed. One or two railways have been made through the estate, and slices of land have been sold at fabulous prices. The proceeds of these sales have been invested in other plots of land in the town, orinConsols, or Metropolitan Stock. So the land is constantly increasing in value, and the Freemen's Corporation is growing so rich that it does not know what to do with its money. Rumour says that there are about fifteen hundred free- men on the books at the present time, and their free- hold land. and cottages, and investments are worth at least £150,000. It is impossible to verify these figures. because the officials refuse to give any information to outsiders. Very likely they may contradict my state- ment for diplomatic reasons, but they are not far from the mark after all. • The time has come when Parliament should overhau this wealthy Corporation and enlarge the powers of thl ileputie.i. They should build no more cottages, :but spend their profits in giving old-age pensions to every member over sixty-five years of age. Their last Act of Parliament was obtained in 1845, and it is high time that a new Act was secured to meet the altered circum- stances of the times. I visited ever so many of the allotments and talked with the freemen, and interviewed some of the deputies and I was delighted with all I saw and heard. The history of this movement helps us to realise what might have happened in every ancient town and city in England, if our forefathers had only shown the foresight, and courage, and dtgtermination of the men of Leicester. In most places the common rights were lost because the commoners did not "use" them, and insist onhaving them, and fight for them, if necessary. So the common lands were enclosed and captured by the manorial lords, and the parsons, and the greedy land-grabbers. Every

===== 0002601_19040709_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SCARLET FEVER EPIDEMIC.

EDUCATION COMMITTEE'S ACTION CRITICISED.

Discussion at the Town Council Meeting.

The outbreak of scarlet fever in the Borough, and the attitude of the Education Committee in declining to accede to the suggestion of the Medical Officer of Health that the schools should be closed immediately with the view of preventing the spread of infectious disease, were under discussion at the meeting of the Town Council• on Tuesday evening.

Alderman SUTTON in moving. the— confirmation of the minutes of the Health Committee was proceeding to refer to the outbreak of scarlet fever and the discus- sion upon it which took place at the last meeting of the Education Committee, when The 111A.voli said : This is not on the minutes. Alderman PIERPOINT : Let us hear him. (Hear hear.) The Council agreed, and Alderman Strrrox, continuing, said:—lt was clearly evident to me on reading the report of the Education Committee meeting that some of the speakers were altogether at sea and labouring under mistaken and erroneous ideas, both as regarded the action of Dr. Gornall and thevievvs of the Health Committee. Some of the statements they made were entirely uncalled for and unnecessary, reflecting as they did on the com- petency or ability of Dr. Gornall to advise on the ques- tion, and charging the Health Committee with a desire to shirk the responsibility of ordering the schools to be closed and to throw the onus of such a proceeding on the Committee of Education. Now I feel sure if those members of the Education ComMittee had taken the trouble to reflect for one moment, and had taken into consideration all that the Health Committee and Dr. Gornall ltd done during the last few years to prevent the spread of infectious diseases, and the time we had devoted in the work of providing new hospitals and in carrying Out the many important improvements which have been made in every department, they would have felt and understood the serious injustice of attempt- ing to publicly accuse either the committee or Dr. Gornall of the weak desire to throw any responsibility attached to their own duties on the shoulders of anyone else. (Hear, hear.) The Health Committee, I venture to say, is composed of members of the Corporation of a different stamp, who are quite capable of honestly transacting their own business, and fearless enough to bear the penalty for doing wrong. It has been fully I manifest to everybody that scarlet fever has been very prevalent since last November. Over 90 per cent. of the cases officially reported since then have been removed to the hospital, and I have it from Dr. Gornall that the brothers and sisters of the patients have in every case been quarantined to the extent that they have been excluded from school fora fortnight from the beginning of the attack in the house, and that this period of exclusion has been extended where second cases have occurred. The disease has not been confined to one part of the town or to any particular school, but has been very evenly distributed throughout the town. As the disease continued to increase, and the summer holidays were approaching, it was inquired from him by the Health Committee on the 27th of May last whether he considered it was advisable to begin the summer holidays earlier than usual as a means of decreasing the disease. His reply was that as no one school was very seriously affected he did not feel there were sufficient grounds for urging the committee to close any particular school, but that the question of the benefit likely to arise from a general closure was worth consideration. With the view, therefore, to ascertain the opinion of the Director of Education it appears that the doctor wrote to him in the first place explaining that the question had been mooted by the Health Committee, and expressing hiS own personal opinion that the immediate closing of all the schools for the summer holidays until the usual time fixed for the return of thel scholars would do a considerable amount of good. Dr.l Gornall not getting a reply to that communication (as the Director would no doubt naturally wish to have the instructions of his committee before replying) afterwards wrote to the Rev. Morley Stevenson, the chairman of the School Management Sub-committee, I giving his reasons why he thought the closing of the schools would be of advantage, which were something to the following effect :—" (1) Because such a prevalence of scarlet fever at this time of the year was unusual and if it increased as it usually did in the autumn at the rate it had been increasing it would be very ,bad indeed. (2) That as scarlet fever always diminished during the holidays, the schools could be more thoroughly disinfected during the holidays." Mr. Stevenson, in answer to that letter, did not express his own personal convictions, but stated that the Education Committee thought the Health Committee ought to have ordered the closure of the schools. The doctor would, however, he said, get an official reply, which reply subsequently came from the Director to the effect that the Education Committee were not satisfied that the closure would have the effect the doctor believed it would have, and that various School Board medical officers had given expression to different opinions on the subject. Now,frorn the parti- culars I think it will be evident to every member of this Council that in the action taken by Dr. Gornall his only object was to do what he considered best in the interests of the town. (Hear, hear.) Several members of the Health Committee along with myself as chair- man, being somewhat doubtful whether the closing of schools would diminish the epidemic do not desire to exercise our powers in any arbitrary manner, but would prefer to consult with the school authority in order to obtain its opinion on the question. Dr. GOrnall's inten- tion in seeking to ascertain that opinion, therefore, was to satisfy the committee before finally giving his decision It should not be forgotton, as the Committee were re- minded, that Dr. Gornall is medical officer to the Edu- cation Committee as well as to the Health Committee, and it might be considered discourteous on his part if he did not under such circumstances consult both com- mittees before taking any decisive measures. If, how- ever, the Committee of Education cannot condescend to consult with the Health Committee or their officers on so important a subject they must be satisfied to abide by the decision which may be given without their aid. With reference to the accusation made against Dr. Gornall for dismissing hospital patients at the most in- fectious stage of the disease and before they had properly recovered, the doctor deals with this matter in his report, but I am glad that Councillor Tinnion and Alderman Pierpoint denied the correctness of that assertion, and I was surprised that the gentleman who made it (who lam sure would not wilfully do an in- justice to anybody) should have in this case given credence to hearsay evidence and said what was cal- culated to injure a most painstaking official, whom it is our duty to protect so long as he performs his duties satisfactorily. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Councillor,EvANS seconded.

Alderman BENNETT said that although he was a mem- ber of the Education Committee he thought that in a matter of this kind which vitally affected the health of the town they ought to be guided by their Medical Officer-

The MAYOR (interrupting) : The Education Com- mittee has nothing to do with this. It is the Medical Officer's report we are discussing. Alderman BENrNETT said the matter wag important, as it vitally concerned the health of the town. They ought to be guided by the advice of their medical officer who was the responsible official and who was presumably thoroughly competent. If the health of the town was not satisfactory it was he who was criticised, and it was, therefore, illogical to hold a men responsible and not give him power to act. He was glad to hear Alder- man Sutton say that in any further emergency the Health Committee, if they found the courtesy was not reciprocated, would take the law into their own hands. The Health Committee was responsible for the health of the town. The health of the town was becoming a byword. For the third or fourth time in the last few months the death rate had been the highest in the kingdom. He could not sit still and see that state of things without expressing his humble opinion— The MA.Yort : You are trespassing You are talking about the Education Committee. Never mind the Education Committee—what they do or don't do. Alderman BENNETT, continuing, said he thought they were indebted to Dr. Gornall for the lucid report he had prepared. There was some element of doubt as to the best method of dealing with an outbreak of this character., He was supposed to know more about the matter than any member of the Council. They had not a doctor on the Council and he sometimes thought they ought to have one; but Dr. Gornall was supposed to have the necessary knowledge, and he was prepared to support him. (Hear, hear). Councillor PEN/BERTON Ras contending that any difference between committees ought to be brought be- fore the Council when

The MAYOR said: You must stick to the report of the Medical Officer. We cannot have discussions on the Education Committee. Councillor PrstnEnTos : There must be some mis- take.

The MAYOR: There is no mistake about the report. You can talk for a week about it if you like. Never mind the Education Committee. Councillor PEMBERTON : There seems to .me to be a mistake between the two committees. The MAYOR: You cannot discuss that. .

Councillor PEMBERTON : We are discussing the min- utes of the Health Committee,and that committee wants

===== 0002601_19040709_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

All who are interested in the welfare of the Warring- ton Cricket Club will be sorry to learn that Lynes, who has been the professional for the past three seasons,will sever his connection with the eleven at the end of she present season. On Tuesday he signed on for Bicup, a club that at one time held a high position in the Lancashire League but which is at present at the bottom. It seems a pity that the committee of the Warrington club did not take such steps as would secure Lynes' services for another season. To him, undoubtedly, much of the credit is due for Warrington's unbeaten record this season, and if the proposed league in South-West Lancashire became an actual fact,Lynes' assistance would have been invalu- able.Bacup have offered him very generous terms,and he cannot be nlamed for looking at the matter from a monetary standpoint. Prior to coming to Warrington, he was pressed to go to Bacup, but preferred Warring- ton. The Bacup charmer has now succeeded, and his many friends here will watch his future career with interest.

Few cricket clubs can show such a good record this season as the Warrington club. On Saturday they gained another characteristic victory at the expense of Levenshulme, and thus maintained their unbeaten record. Levenhulme were all dismissed for 89 runs, and War- rington on going to the wickets ran up a total of 184. Lynes, fresh from the match at the Oval, again distin- guished himself with both bat and ball. He secured 5 wickets at an expense of 24 runs and carried out his bat for a well played 69. He hit freely all round the wicket and delighted the large gathering of admirers who lined the enclosure.

Levenshulme gave rather a tame display with the bat. The only player who batted with any confidence was Simister, who came out top scorer with 22. It was not until near the close of the innings that Podmore was given an opportunity of showing his skill with the ball, and his slow deliveries so troubled the visitors that he secured the last two wickets at an expense of only one run.

The initial batsmen on the Warrington side were P. B.Hawtin and W. H. Podmore,and runs coming quickly, 33 runs were scored before a separation took place. Podmore was the first to go, and he was caught behind the wickets through touching a rising ball from Simis- ter. Wright and Bibby followed in quick succession, and thre3 wickets were down for 35. Übsdell joined Hawtin, and a useful stand was made. Hawtin got in some good leg hits, and Übsdell liftbd the balls sent down by Richards with such vigour as to cause that bowler's retirement in favour of Norton. A good catch by Simister brought the partnership to a close, Übsdell being the retiring batsman. His score of 21 was a very creditable display, and came at a time when things were not looking very rosy for the home team. The bowling had been practically collared when Lynes came in,but he hit about him with such refreshing vigour that he soon overhauled the score of his partner,Hawti ?, who had been playing a patient and waiting game from the onset. The tevenshulme score was speedily passed and it was not until 126 had been scored that Hawtin's long innings concluded, he being taken at the wicket by Ingham. Lynes continued to score rapidly and at the close of the innings he was not out with a score of 69. His innings was one of the best witnessed on the Arpley enclosure, and was but 2 short of his score on the previous day at the Oval when playing for Lancashire second against Surrey second.

The second eleven visited Levenshulme,and the match ended in a draw. Warrington gave a pretty good account of themselves, thanks mainly to the L-rilliant batting of L. R. Connor who ran up 48. J. Thompson (22), A Thewlis (20), and W. Hind (15 not out) also did good work with the bat. Ths Wa.rrington innings real- ized 1511, and Levenshalme had compiled 113 for 8 when the time limit, was reached.

Crosfleld's gained an easy victory over Stretton and Appleton, J. Dargan, who made a capital 23, being their-top scorer. Not one of the villagers attained double figures.

Sankey Wire Mills gave a good account of themselves at Knotty Ash, and returned victorious by 39. F.Taylor was in fine form at the wicket awl knocked up 30. F'. Burton scored 16, and J. Hawthorn 11. Barley (19) gave the best display for the home team.

Latchford Baptists severely trounced Edge Green who made a miserable show. W. Southere did great things with the bat, his efforts being productive of 59.

After an exciting finish Walker's Brewery triumphed over Hough Green by the narrow. margin of 8. W. Ashton was responsible for a splendid 31 for the victors and W. Norarm compiled 15.

Warrington Co-operative entertained Birkenhead Co-operative on Tuesday, and proved victorious, their most successful batsmen being Bennion and AiLann who added 25 and 17 respectively. Banner jun., bowled effectively, capturing 7 wickets for 10 runs.

===== 0002601_19040709_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

The holiday spirit permeated the local bowling fraternity on "Saturday, and there were no contests in connection with the Warrington eague or Works Association. To-day the semi-final of the Works Com- petition, which is arousing tremendous interest, will be decided on the King and Queen Green. The following teams will try conclusions : Houghton's Wire Works v. Cheshire Lines; referee, Mr. George Ball. Pearson and Knowles No. 1 v. Rylands No. 1 ; referee Mr. Tom Ellison.

Each match should be a very keen affair, but the chances of Pearson and Knowles' and Houghton's are particularly bright. In fact the forgemen will, I think, make a bold bid for the cup.

Next Saturday the final will take place, and a record gate is anticipated. The proceeds will be divided between two very deserving institutions—the Infirmary and District Nursing Association. The President (Captain G. R. Crosfield) is being invited to present the cup and medals after the match. On the following Saturday the cup winners will meet a team selected from the various teams which have figured in the com- petition, and the proceeds on this occasion will also go to the Infirmary and Nursing Association.

The Warrington and District League matches to-day will be : Fearnhead v. Horse and Jockey. Brooklands v. Chapel House. Penketh Park v. Bull's Head. On Thursday Fearnhead will meet Chapel House.

At a League Committee meeting on Wednesday evening it was decided to present a gold medal to the player who achieves the best individual performance throughout the season, and twelve gold centre medals to the runners up. Mr. A. il. Crosfteld has promised to present a cup and medals to the team which heads the league, and the Committee will give gold-centre medals to the runners-up.

The contest for the cup presented by Mr. Allison t the Cemetery Club took place on Wednesday evening in the presence of a large gathering. In the semi-final, Antrobus defeated Boardman by 21-17 and the final resulted in a victory for Antrobus by 21-'l3. In addition to holding the cup the winner receives a gold medal, and the other prize-winners are Kay, Blardman, and Vernon.

Cycling. As most of the NVarrington Cycling Club were away last week end, Saturday's run to Chester was cancelled. Several members had a tour through Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire, returning by Derbyshire and Cheshire. and from all accounts they appear to have had a good time. Another section of the club made Blackpool its headquarters for the week-end, and a third contingent again took the opportunity of visiting the lovely Vale of Llangollen. The.outings were a great success.

I _ - - I On Tuesday evening Bucklow Hill was the destination. The weather was fine but dull, and the roads were in excellent condition. Almost a score of members turned 1

===== 0002601_19040709_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR NOTES.

In a recently reported ?ase in which a clergyman was charged with driving his car furiously, the evidence showed that he did not slow up sufficiently upon encountering a flock of sheep, with the result that five of them were injured, one so badly that it had to be immediately destroyed whilst a second died the follow- ing day. A witness, called by the defendant, stated that the driver had done his utmost to stop the car directly he saw the sheep in the t oad. Then asked the deputy- Chief Constable in all solemnity, "Would not the proper way to pass a flock like that be to bring the car to a standstill?" This almost equals the piece of advice earnestly tendered to cyclists years ago by one who is now a high authority in the Cyclist's Touring Club; "In overtaking a cow, always keep behind her."

When the motorist suddenly encounters sheep, it is undoubtedly the best plan to stop the car and let the flock pass by,or else to proceed at quite a walking pace. Unless there is a good sheep-dog in charge, it is hope- less to expect that the shepherd will be of much use in keeping the road clear by marshalling his flock upon one side, and a good deal of future trouble may ba avoid by keeping the car stationary for a few minutes.

In the case just referred to, the police did not charge the driver with exceeding the legal limits, but, very properly under the circumstances took out the summons against him under the first section of the new act. In- deed his pace was, according to the constable, about 14 miles an hour. We have all known instances where ex- cessive speed has been sworn to, even though we have had excellent reasons, connected with the mechanism of the car, to know that such has just then been impossible but in this case, taking the evidence into consideration it would seem that the police had made a really mod- erate estimate. That speed would not be at all fast, even for taking the slight curve which occurred just before the sheep were encountered,and the car ought to have been under such control that it could have been pulled up instantly.

The Chairman of the Benclit in giving his decision,de- clared that, as a rule, motorists gave them very little trouble,and added his personal opinion that it is not the pace sol much as the manner in which the cars are driven that causes danger to the public. This undoubt- edly is so, and if we had only had a few clear-headed men of this stamp to represent our interests last year, we should not have been hampei•ed with the present un- satisfactory Act. Even such a case as this could have, been stringently dealt with under the Highways Act. Thespeed limit was not required in the least. What was required was that motoring hooligans should be sum- moned for furious driving, or driving to the common danger, without any question as to whether their rate of travelling was ten or twenty miles an hour. There are motorists on the road to-day—not inany,one is thankful to add—who drive to the common danger at the former figure, and there are many others who would be per- fectly safe upon country roads with their cars doing forty.

A writer in the" Globe" insists that "the majority of live axles on the market are badly designed and except in the case of two or three makers, it is rare to see a car of this type with the rear wheels running true after a year's hard use." Unfortunately, this indict- ment is correct, so far as very many of the live axle cars are concerned. The reason undoubtedly lies in the fact that the average axle of ordinary design is not strong enough to support the weight that is thrust upon it and to take the driving strain as well. Therefore, it is not long before the axle sags and the strain and fric- tion on the differential increase.

Now, the transmission of power to the road-wheels is Undoubtedly best accomplished by the propeller shaft and live axle; but the drawbacks referred to are serious. To obviate these the Societe Decauville of Paris adopt the following plan. A hollow fixed axle supports the weight and on its ends the wheels take their bearings. Inside the axle are carried what are really two pro- peller shafts, and these are suitably connected with the differential and the hubs of the road-wheels. Conse- quently, the advantages of both types of axle are in this waysecured, and, as an illustration of the immense success of the device. the Motor Car Co, Ltd., who are the British agents for the Societe Decauville, show a 12 h.p. Decauville whose mileage now exceeds 24,000 miles and whose rear wheels run as truly as they did upon the first day that the car left the factory.

Two more attempts upon Vie nrotor-cycle'record from Land's End to John o' Groats are in contemplation for the immediate future. Indeed, it is more than plssible that they may have become actual facts before these lines are in print. It is stated that the Rev. B. H. Davies entertains strong hopes of beating the present time made by Mr. G. P. Mills.

Goggles are so very necessary for the motorist who does much fast or long-distance travelling that it is rather surprising they are so often purchased without due care being exercised concerning the pattern chosen. Those with silk continuation pieces are not nearly so satisfactory as is the type having these made of leather. The wind seems to gee between the silk and the wearer's skin, and in this manner a concentrated draught is con- veyed to the eyes, which is really more troublesome than if no protection at all were worn. The leather i flaps, on the other hand, keep well n place, and perfect immunity from wind and draught is thus secured. There is a slight difference in the price, but in matters of this kind that should be quite a secondary considera- tion, particularly as such difference is very small. The appealsof Earl Russell against a conviction by the Winchester magistrates for driving his car to the danger of the public has been dismissed with costs. It will be remembered that the evidence showed he had swung round a cornsr in a village at a speed estimated at twenty miles an hour, and, in pulling out to overtake a dog-cart, pearly ran a cyclist down who was riding The cyclist, who dismounted and safety on the bank, said that when the cstcoarrwaapmradbsslseed fordhilni. it was within two inches of one of his hands. whilst the measurements taken of the off-side wheel mark showed that there was only just a foot between that and the edge of the road. Under these circum _

===== 0002601_19040709_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
B. W ADSWORTH, SOLE AGENT FOR Tin WORLD-FAMED PIANOS or • JOHN BROADWOOD it SONS. AbDREss : 59. SANKEY-ST.. WARRINGTON

WYCLIFFE CLIURCII, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JULY 10YR. 194. Passcivin REV. J. YONGE. 1R.30 a. m. The Seed is the Word of God.' P to. "Heroes of ,hip-wreck,and Heroes of ooial wreck.- COLLECTIONS. L STHF.PIT WEsLEYAN CHIJRCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JULY 10th. At 10.33 Mr. W. LIGHT. At 6.30 Rev. G. H. CAR NSON. All welcome. Hymn Books provided. tiWSKY ROAD w FCSLICYAN CO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JULY 10th. At 10-30. Rev. G. H. CARNSON. At 6-3. Rev. B. WILKINS RRES. All welcome Hymn Books provided. LAPTIST cHURCIT. GOL3ORNE-STREE7 , WARRI GTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JULY 10th. Morning. 10 45. REV. HRIIHRRT OUNNICO. Venlng R. 30. MR. EDWARD JONES. kr. All seats free. Hearty welcome. "UNNICO will preach on Wednesday neat at 8.15

MACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly, aajusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appe trance have givea Macdonald's Teeth their long-etsnding reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guAranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 20S. GOLD INLAY 40S. MACDON ALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLA.96ES, DRAPER. MoNDAYs. 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNPADAYS.I to 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. To; 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO r 8 P.M.

WARRINGTON SOCIETY, CJ-OPERA- TIVR HALL, bANREY STREET. OPEN MEETING • °LI SUNDAY NEXT, JUI Y 11iia 1904. QPEAHEH REV. HRRERET DUNNICO. BaIRF. BRIGHT. BECOTHERLY. ONE HOUR ONLY 3 TO 4. tAPTI T CH ITPCFI. LA) CHFOREL TIL t 4NNUAL SERMONS WILL BE PREACH.D ON qv. SUNDAY, JULY 10TH, 1904. BY THE .• G. GREENHOUGtH, M.A., Ex-President of the Dtist Union and the National Free Church Council. StRVILF.B : AFTVRNOuN 2-30. EVENING 6-30. Ithirv,PUNG PR'/PLE'S 43HIVIOR will be held in the ble Vigo- at 0-30 when AN ADDRESS will be delivered tit " P&RICER, Esq., of Penketh, President of the War- itton Free Church Council. ANTHEMS BY THE CHOIR. s at each Service in aid of Church Funds.

J ELI MILLARD, of 20. ORCHAR D-STREKT, e./ • WARRINGTON, WILL NOT BR RRSPONSIBLE for ANY DEBTS unless pPrsonally emtiasted after this date, July 9th, 1904.

WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. GOLD AND bILVER WATCHES. DIAMOND AND OTHER RINGS, CHAINS, BROOCHES, PINS, STUDS. LINKS, and all other Articles of jewellery practically GIVEN AWAY At the Prices Marked in the Window. Call and see for yourselves before going elsewhere. --- SPECIAL OFFER.-220t. Gold Wedding Rings sold by weight. All shapes and size at 6/9 "R PRIVATE WHY PAY ? 6/9 A Large Sto,k of Clocks. Bronzes, Forks. and Spoons, Cutlery, Ac. by best makers„at giving-away prices. AT. RUBENS, JEWELLER, 8/c 4, MANCHESTER MEE r, LIVERPOOL. NOTE.—MONEY Advanced on all kinds of Valuables Lowest Rates of Interest. BLACIO4 LlB14;l4 OR OIVORCR: American System.—ALLEN GAUNT BOWEN .4c CO.. 21, Dickinson et., Manchestpr.

k.;111 OF BRADFORD XHIBITION.—EndIess Variety of Interesting Features. teft. 1/1161I'tie Navel Spectacle (Russo-Japanese War), Somali All the Famous Military Bands. Crystal Maze. ttsa—Vf Illusion., Baby Incubator. Illuminated with count- . Wst `ftirY tamps. and Electric Arc Lamps, Fireworks. er Chute, Ac.. 1,141', ls. ; after 6 o'clock, 6d ; Children 6d. Saturday, ot ePtelal facilities inquire at Tourist offices. WARRINGTON AND nisTner AGRICUL- TURAL SOCIETY. PIIP•BIDENT SIR GILBBRT GRBENALL. BART. VICE-PRESIDENT t COL W. HALL WALKER, M.P. 15TH ANNUAL SHOW 10 BE HELD IN WALTON PARK, NEAR WARRINGTON, °N THURSDAY, 11TH AUGUST, 1904. PRIZ/S, CUPS AND MIIOALS value EMI 4tI6IPIIRS, TURNOUTS, SHIRES. HUNTERS, Li Prize CATTLE. &c., &C. t. .tc., may now be obtained from the Secretary, H. BBRESFORD 1114LVILLE, Ratio. Offices, Bold-street. Warrington. I ItE! FIRE!! FIRE!!! NATIONAL FIRE BRIGADES UNION, NORTH-WESTER g DISTRICT. THE ANNUAL, TOURNAMENT WILL BE HELD 01' *HE WARRIN3TON FOOTBALL GROUND, JULY 16Ta, 190$, AT Two O'CLOCK PROMPT . Th Programme will include 1,11/61,APR COMPETITIONS. HYDRANT DRILL FOR 0911-7,4 T GIRLS. 1134`-'li9T ')RILLS. LIFE SAVIRM "N'S RACEs• EXHIBITIONS. 4,11 i—e,„" DRILLS -'OMPIER LADDER 'Al)jjAtt Dgc DRILL. DRILLS. , AND BUCKET AMBULANCE S. DISPLAYS Itqljz To conclude with 7110 N FIRE SCENE: THE ALARM! THE TURN etti,..ARRIVAL TIE BRfGa.DE! RESCUE OF 410r,'ALATEIS BY FIRE ESCAPE. JUMPING SI-11031.. -4 A./go POMPIER LADDERS. 5 HAMER AT 1'412 WORK THE FIRE FIEND )gQUEIinD. tiS will be presented by A H. CROSFIELD, Bilq• ADMISSION, 3d., Rd --., AND 16. iikrttit LhosrNo.artl.ieulars apply to Secretaries, Jos. Crorflell and Sons, Ltd. Warrington. • tION & NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY LIVERPOOL (Lime Street) TO BRIGHTON. DIRECT EXPRESS SERVICE DAILY tla.°4fle IN 6 HOURS. also with Eastbourne, St. Leonards, and For particulars see small bills. 'lll', 190 PURDBRICK HARRISON, General Manager. LEC MRS OF HOWLEY WARDS RESERVE YOUR VOTE FOR • MIL BENSON, THE NOv-TRADING CANDID ATE.

J. L. HAWTFIORN, JOINER, AND BUILDER, 1, LOVELY LANE, WARRINGTON. FUNERALS FURNISHED. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

MBE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term or years Application to he made to the BOROUGH TRRARORER. V,inlinsi Offl.a4 War-Irv/tn.

11DRIVATIe, DETEi TIVE AGENCY, ALFREL, B. HOPLEY, 37. Jubilee Drive, Liverpool, conducts inquiries of all kinds personally an confidentially. Agents In the U. S. A. and oana44.

irj AIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per OZ, OOVERLETTB TAILS OF 1 FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURE FROM 3/6 Ei.CII. HAIR. 5/6 T S BROWN, 3, LERCE ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

~.ITOCK-TAKING SA 1.4 K.—UOSTILJ N 1 H.; STANDS k from ss. 6d. each. Tors' CLOTH BLOOKi from 10.. 10d. doz. STOOK HOXIii from 108. doz. BRASS SP-10° OTINGS at manufacturers price.—T. YATBs 20.BROA7MWHILTJ. LtvnitPooL.

FFELIX MILL' PERSONALLY CONDUCTED TOURS. July•l3th.August 6th and 27th,Paris; July 23rd, Switzerland ; August 13th, Qcotlanci ' • August 20th, Isle of Wight.—Particu E 'ars 163- LF ST., Oldham. Stamp.

ROBERT LOW-11. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONINR & VALUER Office and baleroorns No. 1, BANK-STKEET WARRINGTON. TELEPRONE, No. 55. CAmlr ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New mid tt, *3°nd-hand Fnrnithre and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furnittivn &c.. vuirehn""•

COUNTY BO.ttf lUGH. OF WAK TON.— EDUCATION uOMMITTRE TECHNICAL INSTITUTR—IIVENING uLN9qIES. TEACHERS OF THE FOLLOWING SUBJECTS ARE REQUIRED Irr the Session 1904-5 by the above-named Committee, viz i BOOK-KRRPING. COMMERCT AL ARITHMETIC, and APPLIED MBCPIANICS. STEM and GEOMETRY. Forms of application and further particulars can be obosined from 3. 110I0oRE MURRAY. secretary and Director. Education _Office, Warrington, Bth July, I 9C4 CONTRACTS.—TH COM‘IIITEI4; of thR ,ALGI- •./ MENTAL INSTITUTE at ORFORD BARRACKS, WARRINfiTON are prepared to receive tenders for the simply of BEER. MINERAL WATERS. GROORRIEN, MILK, VEGIRTAB "READ. CONFECTIONERY, , COAL Ac.,CIGARS. TOBACCO &cFISH AND SUNDRIES, for a period of six months commencing the lit August, 1904. Information as to conditions of contract, quantities ac.. may he obtained on applicati to this President. Application for the special tender form may be made to the President, Fleziraental Institute, The committee do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender, W. R. S. TYLEI?. Major, President Regimental bast -ute, July 6th, 1904. Werrinotnn.

tAISTn 'LANDS' SAILING 9 T.) GREENOCK " AND GLASGOW. iN Ottl Clit4S LOUISE " OR nTHER STRA.MER. I,l4th,tat'r.l37RßPOOL From GLASGOW e 4. in Bock Berths No. 22-28. North Side t. 7.919 1201 9 p.m. Rat. July 9th'2 p.m. *'3.45 p.m. 11ita01Y 16th 1 p.m. Thurs July 14th 2 p.m. *5.95 p.m. 21st 5.30 p.m. Tues. July 19th 2 p.m. *6.45 p.m. Ibl,oa,g':,tconi Glasgow (Csntral) to Greenock (Central). "1.14;1_ ', reduced through tickets from Warrington. 141:1tIkb, etc. pAR, pßom Lryknpoor, :-Cabin, lie. ; iithiecrelld for two months),l6s. Rd. Steerace,dingle, 5s 64. RVTURN TICKET.-(Valid for 10 days). Cabin Bs. 3d. LAvGI.ANDc; AND SONS, vRoRs STEHRT, MANfIHRSTRR. 1,-.IIIIIFORD PLACF. 1 IVRRPOOL. Oftßpnoi, AND NOzTR WALE-4. 11/4:2•CLAR DAILY SATTANGS (9nndaya included). atial saloon steamer" La Marguerite" or other steamer leavinv Prince's Landing Stage daily. fnr Llandudno, Besumaris, Bangor and Menai tkoir•ellowin- four hours ashore at Llandudno, and due about 7 30 p.m. S. RXTRA SAILTNGR. nt, Raturdays and Mondays for Llaodudno, t Banior. and Menai Bridge. Afternoon 46, L'llrrions for Lladainn. ti:n4 Sundays by "Snowdon," for Llandudno and 044,11 Rtraits with Afternoon Excursion Bookings tt-e00„ ':utino and back. Booking by Cheshire Li-es leaving Warrington •on week days and 945 atn. on Sundays. AlArt lOtt sIAV. Railway at 8-25 e.m. on week days and 8-35 ',Rodays. lip-11111V, further information. apply to the Liverpool and 14,(11x,4,1141 Steamship Companv,Ltd. T G. Brew,Secretary, N,Nti "t., Liverpool. Guide 3d. post free. A 4,1% at North Wales, Hotel and Boat, from 2ls. AtaLAN-1.1:-N-E—,—TO CANADA, UNITED STATES. ,qt, RIVER PLATS. AN TROIA. n.'9110 on, RAILINGE FROM LIVERPOOL. ‘1.111,155,.,-„'N' line urVer Government contract for the flp;,of Canadian Malls). ..Bimonv ,11111.14 ............... Quebec and Montreal July 14 411%4i" .............. Rt. Johns '.F. & Halifax July 16 qr,B ..Quebec and Montreal July 21 RAyg ATRIUM...St Johns Halifax and Phil... July 23 ,RA.TRS--To Canada. Saloon from £l4. Secondly 'N.: Third Class £3 Quebec, £4 Halifax. To India, N.'se:111;11411d e 27 io.. `lOll, prtienlirs apply to ALLA/es. 103,Leadenhali Street M.. and 19. James-street. Liverponl

COUNTY BOROUGH OF v% A-RI GTON.— TO PAIN 'BM AND DECORAT HIS The HEALTH CO MMITTBB of the Council of the Borough of Warrington is prepared to receive THAI DERS for PAINT- ING and OLBANING at the Hospital, Aiken street Specifications and all furthe. inke•mation may be obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor, Town Hall, on and after Thursday next ,at which place tenders must be delivered before 1.2 o'clock on Wednesday, the 20th day of July. 1904. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. THOMAS LONGEHN, Borough Surveyor. Borough Surveyor's Office, July Bth, 1904.

AWE KS HOLIDAY IN IRELAND FOR 39F4. 6n. 'MDT'S SALOON ON STRAMEIR (To AND PROM LIVRRPOOL) Rail, 14 miles drive 1110,15/ the (lonntv onst, giving an &other:de View ef the Famous Ninnnteins Alen Blerl and L.dgings in let Thert PItRR P4SS given to PoretnAn and P‘iti nfttlable of nrganising nerties of ten. Pnrther 471:11g4re en enolleAtion to HARPHIL NIMPORT- Kt LlvlsßponL.

FIRST GRADE PREMIER CYCLES AT 12 GUINEAS ARE THE WORLD'S BEST VALUE. J. S. GARLAND INVITES INSPECTION AT THE SHOWROOMS, 53. & 5). BRIDGE STREET. WARRINGTON. SEVERAL LADIES' AND GENTS SECOND-HAND CYCLES FROM 50s. EACH,

SUMMER HOLIDAYS. AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHERS SHOULD PAY A VISIT TO THE AMATEUR PHuTOGRAPHIC DEPOT. LARGEST STOCK OF NEW AND SECOND-HAND CANIREA.S AND SCIENTIFIC INSTRUVENT3 ETC., IN MANCHESTisR. SRCOND-HAND LIST NOW RIIADY POST FREE. THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71, OXFORD ROAD (NEAR ALL SAINTS) MANORESITR.

4 4 iur INLAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIBLO,MAKE, WARRANTED, POET FREE Zs., 4s. 6D., AND 55.; sp. J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANK. LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

G_BD1)IL88 DANDELION COFFIcit The best and cheapest ever offered to the Publt 3. Sold by all Grocers and .Druggists,, tlanlston 6d.. 10d., ad is. Bd. each. Wholi.anie by 1. GBDDHS ANn SON. LTD WaRRINOTOIN RSTABLISHED 183.1.

SPECIAL NOTICE. TO PARNiERS, GARDENERS, Src., COMPOUND MANURES. No. 1 SPECIAL: CONTAINING NITROGEN 2-69 EQUAL TO AMMONIA -27 TRIBASIC PHOSPHATE LIME -26 PRICE £3 15s. PER TON No! 2 COMPOUND: USUAL MAKS— PRICE £2 10s. PER ToN FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY • JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER. ALLEN STREET, WARRINGTON, Telephone N 0.222. Telegrams, " Tonle," Warrington.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD awn BITTBR ALES 4LL3OPP'S MILD AND BITTBR ALBS. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITT.BRS. WHBATLI"Y'S GINGER BUHR. To be had In OASR or BOTTLBS from B. CUNNINGHAM! WINWIOK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HlGki CLASS MINBRAL WATBRS In Sere w-stoppPred Bnttlea Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWBN STREET.

R. CLAMP & SON.. PORTMANTEAU, BAG. AND TRUNK MA.NUFAOTURRES. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS from 21s. 0,1. to 50s. GLADSTONE BAGS (Real Cow Hide) from 16s. Od. to 705. BRIEF BAGS from 65. 6d. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL i from 125. 65. to 305. Buy direct from the makers and save 25 per cent. • 37, 39, 41, DALE STREET, ASD 12, lORD STRHET, LIVHRPOOL. HARGRAVES TOBACCOS. \ 118 TAB. HARGRAVES' CIGARS 70 YEARS. fIARGRAVES' OIGAREITES. MANUFACTORY : SW AN-SIREET. MANCHESTER.

HOYS YOU WANT BOOTS I'm off .ring Sixty I WANT TRADE Styles in Box Calf aud Glace Kit) at Ss. 6d. a I ET'S GET TOGETLIER time. ARTHUR EVANS. pyj (55, ALDHRSGATIs 81. LONDON. DEPARTMENTE3I 5, LONDON riOA.D. LivaapooL.

A. AND J. MHLAINE, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, AND 9ILVERSMAHs, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent sc lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND STLVER BOUGHT. All tranmetions in eccorciance with Actor Pirlinmen Strictest aecreey and strat2htforwArd dentine/ cnmhinwl A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Sliver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Clocks, Pictures, &a., tco.. always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BATMAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY. LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS. SCARP PINS, BROOCHES, U., Act We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES iY YOST EROSIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Low _ rfees in Liverpool for Gold Chains. Carefully Sel/ctea Stock of GOLD BROOCHES BRACELETS. itc. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DROSS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to snit all pockets. Ikt'LAINE'S RICHMOND fREET. LIVERPOOL.

TBOUSANDS SOLD IN A A .F. BOOTS DELIMIT EVERT WEARER. BOX CALF GOLOSH GLAZE,, KID LIM, 10/5 blZg, SHAP3. AND P.O. TO A. PLIGGg, OAKHAM. RIMAND.

,TAMES ATKINSOIN HAS IN ANNOUNCING HIS SUMMER CLEARANCE SALE, COMMENCING THIS DAY (SATURDAY), JULY 9TH, 1904. ALL REVAINING SUMMER STOCK HAS SEEN RE-4411liED AT REDUCED PRICES. A CHARMING sELEOFION OF MILLINERY WILL BE OFFERED A" VERY fENIPTING PRICES. THE WHOLE SfuCK OF SUMMER DREsS MtTE I'ALS WII BE OFFERED AT CONSIDERABLY LESS THAN THE SEASON'S PRICES. SUMMER JACKETS, MANTLES. AND COsTE.I4E3. HOLT, tN ) AND LINEN CO 311; \IES AND SKIRTS. A LARGE Srcrw. OF SU 'BIER UNDER SKIRTS, AL'.. REDU 1E ) IN P tICE. A REAUT 14'UL SELECTION OF LACE GOODS, GLOVES, RIBBJX.S. Szc ALL S AARE'. FRESH, FASHIONABLE AND CHEAP. All Furnishing Goods have been subjected to a Liberal Discount. A Splendid Opporautity to Ladies requiring Bed Linens or colt Furnishing of every description or Occasional Furniture, Chairs s!ables. &c. Some very cheap lines will be offAred in Ladies' Travelling Trunks, very strong and ser7iceable, all sins In stock. 14s. 6d. to 355. each. 7, 11, AND 13, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

LEGIT HOUdE TUDIO, WARRINGTON. M . 13 IRTLES BEGS TO THANK HIS NUMEROUS PATRONS FOR THE K.ND SUPPORT RECEIVED DURING A PERIOD OF NEARLY THIRTY YEARS IN BUSINESS. AND BEGS TO INFORM THEM THAT HE HIS BUILT AND OPENED A NEW STUDIO 'AT LEGH HOUSE, WHICH WILL BE FOUND Et/I'‘L TO ANY PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO IN THE KINGDOM FOR HIGH-CLASS PHOTORAPHY. APP INTMKNTs WILL OBLIGE.

"AT, GREATLY REDUCED PRICES." J. AND W. DUT roN 16, 18, & 20, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. WILL OFFER :901ING THEIR SUMMER SALE WHICH WILL COMMENCE ON MOND ,t.Y NEXT, JULY 11TH, THEIR ENTIRE STOCK AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. A TIME OF REAL SUBSTANTIAL BARGAINS.

MERStY CYCLE COMPANY 79, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. SOLE AGENTS FOR THE FAMOUS RIJ DGE- W HIT WORTH CYCLES ARIEL CYCLES, SUNBEAM CYCLES, RILEY CYCL S AND MOTORS ALL BICYCLES SCLD BY US ARE INSURED AGAINST ACCIDENT AND THEFT FREE. CY3LES AND MOTORS SOLD ON EASY PAYMENTS. SECOND HAND BICYCLES IN GOOD ORDER FROM £2. J. BUXTON, MANAGER.

•. J. M. GREENHALGH & Co., ARE NOW SHOWING A CHOICE SELECTION OF UP-TO-DATE BED-ROONI FURNITURE, RANGING IN PRICE FROM £l2 AND UPWARDS. ALSO SMART AND UP-TO-DATE LINES IN ALL °BRASS Si: BRASS & IRON BEDSTEADS AT PrtICES RANGING FROM 14s. 6D. AND UPWARDS. 1.38 & 1401 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON,

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 122 LONDON ROAD, LIVE.:RPoc)i., PAWNBROKERS, pi EW EL LEM, SI LVSRSMITIIS, AND DIA NI ON D MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICILES. (By ALL TER LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELITTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY 07 EVERT DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PFIR CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old cold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds ate., bought or takcn In exchange. Moiey advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, to.. to any amount at low rate. cat interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will reosive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLUCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE It: THE COUNTY. 100,000 PAIRS IN STOCK. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOE,: IMMENSE dVARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

W. HODGKINSON LIMITED. REMOVAL TO NE N PRE ISES. G HEAT CLEARANCE SALE. OWING TO UNFORESEEN DIFFICULTIES AND DELAYS INCIDENTAL TO THE CARRY- ING OU I' OF SUCH A LARGE UNDERTAK• ING, WE COULD NOT OCCUPY OUR MAIN BLOCK OF NEW PREMISEi IN THE SPRINa OF TH'S YEAR AS WE CONFIDENTLY EXPECTED. AND FOR WHICH WE BAD MADE EXTENSIVE PURCHASES; CON- SEQUENTLY THE S rock TO BE OFFERED AT THIS SALE IS MCC 'I LARGER THAN USUAL AND IN PERFECT CONDITION. Our New Premises will now s'icrtly be ready and it'is ab,olutely nFee!,sary La clear the heavy stock to facilitate reml7al. d) this we have decided to make Use preEent a record Sale, Inc marking all eo).is at p•icea which rcuat ff:!ct a clearance in order that we may eiter cur new premises wish absolute:y new stock. BELOW ARE ENUMERATED A PEW OPECIAL LINES IN EACH DEPART ',LENT. Patterns of any Mlterials will be sent per return. post free, and where the 'election of goods is left to us, the utmost possible attention will be given. 530 YARDS ONLY OP BLACK VOILE With Woven Spots, 2s. 3d. per yard. Regular price, 3s 63. 20 BLACK CASHMERE DRESS LENGTHS SALE PRICE, ss. Our regular number of 23. 9.1. Black Voile, sale price, 2s. 3d, 600 YARDS OF VOILE AND CREPOLINE In the daintiest colourings. Sale priv, Is, llid. A LOT OF OLUURED DRESS LENGTHS. 58. to clew-. Reduced from 15s. upwards. MUSLINS. DELAMESS, etc. About I,COO yards at 6:1. Usual pride, 9icl. to is. SPECIAL OFFER. BLACK SILK LOUISINE, is. 02D' USUAL PRICE, 2s. 9u, BLACK BROC LIE, 80 yards only at 2s. 91. Reduced from 3e. 11d. A tremendous stack of White and Coloured SILKS at froa: '45 per cent. to 50 per cent. Reduction, PURE SILK NE ERN' E., 1. 720 USUAL PRICE, 2s. 3d. FLANNEL CO''•TUM SPECI IL LINE, 255. 6d. to clear. WASHING COSTUMES, SKIRTS, COATS, ETC., AT CLEARANCE PRICES. WASHING BLOUSE-;, A lot to be cleared at is. 91d. ALL UNDERSKIRTS AND UNDERCLOTHING SUBSTANTIAL! Y REDUCED. MARABOUT All) OSTRICH STOLES. SILK AND LACE RUFFLES. PIiLERINES .tc. At prices to effect a Clearanc SPECIAL LINE RI c.d. \ I ARABOUT STOUS, FOUR STRANDS, Sale Price 6s lid. 2.000 Yard, HAND-MADE TORCHON LACE, 21-d to 21. 6d. per yard. Quite 25 o/ ) off usual price. SPECIAL LINE OF GREY TWIL'I. SHEETS, 3s. Ild, per pair. A LARqH QUANTITY OF HEMSTITCHED " OLD BLEACH " PI LLO W- i (AMERICAN STYLE) to be Cleared at 2s. 33. each. ALL SOILED TOWELS AND ODDMENTS will be thrown out and marked very cheap. Really bargdns. A mtgn'ticent STOOK OF CARPETS, LINO- LEUM OILCLoTHS. VERY SUBSTANTIALLY REDUCED. MADE A.ND FITTED FREE DURING THE SALE. 60.1 PAIRS OF LACE CURTAINS TO BE CLEARED, from 2e. 6.1. upwards. SPECIAL LINE in FRILLED MADRAS. 430 yards at le. 1. Usual price Is. 61 1. AN UP-TO-DATE STOCK OF FURNITURE. ENTIRELY OUR OWN MlNuFAcrultic AT PRIOEs WHICH S 10CLD /VIXEN A SPEEDY CLEARANCE. ITODGKINSO LTD., 34, 44, 46, Sz 48, BRIDGE ST., WAR RI SGTO ‘T.

OR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIHi HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FE ‘1 A L fe, PILLS HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE BOOY TO WO ANKIN D. They are the best known Remedy ,for Anemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Allmonts, Buses Sid. ls lid, 21 91, 4. 6d. and lls. M.ty be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the Prorrietor. Only Address 339, PORTOBELLO-ROAD. NOTTING HILL, LONDON W

THE BOLD & ATTRACTIVE COASTS OF DEVON %.1) CORNWALL

REFRESHING and STIMULATING. STRENGTHENING_.,. and INVIGORATING. -1,-- • '''' 9 4 .17A • „..- ~,. ....., .4 • . .4. ; n,,, ,-; 0.: 1 ter, ez c. .• i.. c ,_. . n ...... .•• %.1, V.W.4.61b t • ... ' ~, ,;. If you have not tried it Buy a new 6d tin, You will get 25 cups out of it and enjoy every cup. BEST & GOES FARTHEST.

A,..., ~,,,,,,,,w ._________ ,6,4 ___.•-•--- 4'• .a; , ~,,,, i 7 :Akik;-: - ~,,,- 41 • ei i';i2ity Laijlli N 2 ?-kl: "4 are tiae t..,,-*-4, 2 k - cemesr. ' , 5.7-..?>-,,, A/ Y I'4 vita ue IN . Sil 7 Svc '. -'4, obtoic,tob42 - ld ~., tr.• : 1 rGO 111 , 4 5M° 0 _ !. -1. ~ 1 . Da( • . ._,.. 1I 1 of ; ~ , .100! • ~ _ , -___l2". .:-_- - ~, ! ~ TZ' TziE /k 1 , .4,, li i , . • LADY GOD:VA Si .0.---.. 11 i ), C I GAQErrts A, - lil i .1 •• ' lOro pY ‘,.,:-.;,, ,1,1 I, t ! 5x34,..,..- .. . ..., . . , • (1 s„. . _ -7\ t., ~ AVE!,.W.O3 ELI 4___, .. Cov NTAY .x.,-. •_ , , ~. ~..4srbot!,.._.-.,..- ,z,..:4.771---•• -; , ,k-,.:,:. - „._,v

AGENTS Joseph Beswick Rorse market Street, WARRINGTON. W. SHAW Jun., Top Locks, Runcorn, JRAVONS, 21, George St. St. Helens. R. CULSHAW, 38 Burscougl; St., Ormskirk

MAKES THE SKIN asSOFT as -c tab V E ; a CO. Bernovesall ROUGHNESS, k REDNESS, HEAT. • J 1. , KEEpIsR TRHITEASTKIOINN, TA N, and SOFT, SMOOTH, an d WHITE _ ALL THE YEAR ROUND. DeliOtc.,ull3 COOLING & REFRESHING ..., 0 during the summer Bottles —li, 1/9,and, 0 eac.ll • M. BEET HAM & SON, Cheltenham._

..,..„4, . RRYW -,E.,. ~..• - . ~..4,,..::,. • . ,0.......%„..,.._.,. ~;,,,,,,.,..e,,,... „...1,,,.. ..._,..,.....,,,, A . :1".•:4 -4* ~e';,=••••'-7-1-1,4 - • ,vi.l o,•'' . ' ‘ifkb' '- ' V 5!.•?... f.,‘.". v!`'..A /: ,' .. `"‘ , : *:-:•i4. '-z-i'..;o-;>.. - ?''';`.." . - A:111:P.44 to).-..,,,..2.,,,,- ~.' .. ,fr • -.7,,,,,,.A4iek, -• i"UeS."-7, ';'iteftrh.:4.: '''ltirfill,f4A,:•JA*-. .•-•,' 7, ''''''l''''' ''''''''''' -.' • "fikrlA DIP 12, V!' • ' . *;,16.1 0S ci '7 6-3. L 0,14 - Z. E,1,-ON DON: • .- ,LARCASTI‘ :M -KERS/OF-HIGH ~ a 4 .s._dLAS,S, HOSE IN 'THE WORLD. . ~ ,_..,._- . .

ORE KING'S 'DANDELION & QUININE LIVER 7:3A29. PILLS FOR BILE, WIND, INDIGESTION, Headache, Furred Tongue, Sickness, Giddiness, loss of Appetite, Heartburn, Shoulder Pains, Constipa- tion, and all Liver and Stomach Complaints. DR. KING'S PILLS, GUARANTEED WITHOUT MERCURY, still keep ahead of all others as a Liver Remedy, and are unequalled as a Family Pill. Sold everywhere, is. id., 2s. 9d. and 4s. 64. per box. Solely manufactured by J. RORKE & CO., 132 York Rd., Lambeth, London.

TENNENTips T LAGER BEFR• GUARANTEED BRIGHT Sc FREE FROM SEDI"ENT• To be obtained from M. WALKER& SONS LTD., Warringtork and of all Grocers and Wine Merchants. Matured in Cold Storage for months before being bottled. See that Every Bottle has the Red T Label. ro, Lancelots licy, Liverpool. WELLPARK BREWERY, GLASGOW•

Ca fc. -4 KEARSLEY'SIOOYEARiRePUTATION 5 4 - C;) • % = 1". WIDOW WELCH'S ;10 - P ,---. FEMALE PILLS. L. o latfr Awarded Um( ihuate..of blerit,for the cure of ail irreau tbe ar.semla. and alittemale comp aints. Tigey We as. approval of the Medical Professim.. Beware of Imltatiors The only genuine and original are in White Paper WraPP42d. Boxes Is 14d and 2s 9d of all chemists, or by Poet, and 2e. 10d. Makers, ,l and 11 KEs.fisc.T,l7, Nortn str7e, wes'ininster. (Note ...Vhire Wrapper.] Sold In the COI" ...... ---

PPKI FREAN & 001'S "PAT-11-CAKE (Regd. MeV&

0.1 111 ILLIIRTRATID-CATALMIIIII. wltionri. pitPricaa, 7 cil: - :;Motor.,tracel"eisetctlj 5 ir,,, tt stock. Cycles from 301-, .-I-•••-' k Eadie's machines. Never Acce•o‘ory, tO /rattles, Tyres, 0 r such basrgaenidnei oorffte roil. Agen t,,g -. , Wheels, C i wante" , IP% priCe •, 50 per rent. 44 •441011; leas than other sDikers -ao —Warrilow & Co.. • ". Weston -super- Si aro ....

NT.'s '•ii e ncorporate• / r Thames Nautical Training College ,-,,,7 'V +& ..!,, H.M.S. - WORCESTER." °L 17 . .. , vyil o • F. • ' Ott Gieenhithe, Kent. . donates Boys for Officers ... <-) ... -. -,-, _.,- -,s ~,•,. In the Merchant Service' ,'' • ''',/ -, ,1,7_,_.•:` r,., Naval Cadetships nt d annually and , -,......,,,...., appointments toeR:N.K. ~,,VV.M.SwoRiESTER, Apply W. id. BULLIVANT, Hon. Sec' 1,,,_. . ~.,.. , . ~,,,,.. ... ..,;.• ,Mark Lane, London. E.G. - _ , , , id - .d of your Boots - AMWASillE_____,.......izelaa‘ ,r ASSMIPMIII.I.' ; _ ...,rt. i. Smarter : 7 ..,,t•----,.-= EASILY FIXED. i',i" ---:----------- . _•: , : . =IIIm • . . . —lo, ............. Will stand 12 mont I, , ''; 1".."'" .m.•`....'.' ........"'" ordinary wear. '..- ~‘,..T.-7,-.....":". . None genuine ' ..................—""-=:: ...........""". unless stamped ••••••....." -..".'-7.-'-----.- ~... ";:' .Wood-Milne on the . face. Sold every- ~ . CIALQUALI f ' where. . ----------- -

CRICKET.

I:HS most pleasant form of euterttinment during bummer is the Garden Party, with its charming amusements of Lawn Tennis, Croquet, Badminton, and Lawn Bowls, every requisite for which is made in its greatest perfection by the famous manufacturers, GEO. G. BUBSEY & Co. Ask local Sports Outfitters for their Catalogue. If not procurable, apply to 36 3: 38 Queen Victoria st., London. Factories— Peckham, London; and Elmswell. Suffolk.

Frills and Flounces owe their charm to the manner in which they are ironed— and the ironing, in turn, depends on the starch. Common starch means common iron- ing. The ironing is never better than the starch. I COLMAN'S STARCH is as crood as Ifts; COLMAN'S MUSTARD. LHTL

eburatton.

QBAPIHLD SCHOOL, LYPHAId. icing the sea. He- cognised by the BoArd of Witication as an efficient school. Principal, 17r. SL &TER, M.A.., P.R. CS.

fIORRBSPONDHINLIB.—Fiarmonv, Counterpoint, &c. ; thorouxh preparation for all examinations.—ruil parti- culars from J B WooD,lllus. B.,Dunelm,2sLosham st,Bolton.

IJNIVERSITY SCROOL, SOUTRPORT. A MOST SU.CCEISFUL BOARDING ScanoL FOR BOYS. W. HIMDERSON, M.A., Principal,

OXPORD HOtISB SCHOOL, ST. ANNBS-ON-THB-SEA. —BOYS Prepared for the Public Schools. Thorough grounding andindiviJualtesehing. New, specially designed buildings. Mid term begins June 17th. Principal J. P. BRINDLE, 8.4. (Oxon).

QT. ASA PH GRAM WAAL SCHOOL, N. WALICS. PUBLIC BOARDING SCHOOL. Well equipped. Laboratory, Workshop. Healthy, pi2turesque situation. Near Cathe- dral. Bracing air. Individual attention. Preparation for university. professional. En d commercial exams.—B. MAINER, M.A., B.Sc., bead master.

QOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. SC kRISB RICK NEW-ROAD. One of the LARGEST PRIVATH SCHOOLS In the North of England. CAPT. J. C. UNDHRWOOD, A.C.P.. F.E.G.S.. Head Master.

A/IR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Musie,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN. THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three—manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE Warrington.

IV R POOL CO I,l_, gti tiU YTON, Nh LIVBRPOOL.—A limited number of 131./TRANCR SCHOLARSHIPS (240 per annum Full B iarders, £3O per annum Weekly Boarders) will be awarded for September, 1904, on the result of an Hxamination, which will be held at the College on July 13th and 14th, 1904. For full particu- lars apply to the HEAD MISTRESS.

LADIES' COLLEGE URMSTON. NBAR MANCHESTRII. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. PRINCIPALS : Mrs. B. BLLIDGE, Trained Certificated Teacher, Registered Column B Tearhers' Register ; Miss M. HOLLAND, London Trained Kindge-garten Teacher. Full staff of Resident Rnglish and Foreign Mis- tresses, and Visiting Professors. PuL,ils prepared for Oxford and Cambridge Local and Music Rxaminations. FERs MoDBRATR. PROSPECTUS and RRFERRNORS OR APPLICATION.

STOCKS AND t•-• HARM, M. SANDS AND CO., CAMOMTLE STREET CHAMBERS, LONDON, C. FORTNIGHTLY ACCOUNTS OPENED ON FAVOURABLE TEEMS.

dock, Busontiss‘e4. ett.

ON SALE, PRISE) FISK AND CHIP POTATO BUST- NBSS ; good reasons for leaving.—Apply 128, CHAPEL LANE, Wigan.

LBT. WHUBLWRIGHTS' SHOP with good business .I. No opposition. Splendid opening for smart man.— DAVIES 8G Sop, Golborne.

2100 will buy old established Tobacco and Fancy business, Main Road ; owner retiring.-46, OXFORD ROAD, Manchester.

Q STARTS a very profitable BUSINEOS in every unrep- resented town, worth £lOO a month to the right man PHARNO, south Farnborough, Hants.

SM iLI! CONFROTIONTRY BUSINHSS (near Theatre) confectioner's oven, boiling pans. sacrifice £20.-32, OLDHAM ED., Ashton-under-Lyne(oppoette Queen's Hotel.)

-DAMN .RSHIP.— Smart young KAN with funds required I_ by Liverpool Manufacturing and Commission firm. Good salary and one third of profits. Applicants pease state atrount of money avAilable.—HAßDY, 49, White- chapel, Liverpool.

TO PARTIES WANTING A SOUND BUSINESS IN LIVERPOOI, B" w N AN D C 0 . ACCOUNTANTS. TRANSFER BUSINESS AGENTS AND VALUERS. R6TABLIBRED 1875. WILL BUY, SELL, OR VALUE ANY (LASS OP BUSINESS, STOCKS. OR MACHINEhY, WILL FIND YOU A PARTNER WITH £5 -T0 £5OOO, NO SALE, NO CUARGE. SOUTH JOHN 3TR BET. LIVERPOOL.

itbttaL

WITHOUT STOMACHIC DOSlNG.—Chronto Eczema and Ringworm Cured; remedies 13d.—F. HARRIS, Sec.. 119 Hanover at., 9beffiald.

QTNIRILITY in women ; Its causes r.nd curative treatment Cl By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women New A dition just published pnst free 3e.Bd.—SHELLEY & 00. LTD.,3B. GTRPeChllrCh et.. Lendon

EX PERI IiNCBD ?4' ale and Female NURSES t a moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NunaEs INaTirtr- VIOL Hope House, Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 2570 Royal. Telegraphic 4.ddres., •• Nurses."

NDIGHSTION, Morning Sickness, Thliousness,Weakn I Sufferers are earnestly requested to send stamp for free sample of " Duyson's Digestive." Rellaves immediately Quickly cures when all else falls.—Smyra, 2 Ousegate. elby

NARR'.4 EM BROCATION. CURES Gout, Sciatica, Cramp, Sprains, Rheumatism, Swellings Weakness. Toothache, Bruises Stings, Colds, Lumbago. &c. One bottb, will prove its worth, free by post, Is. 11d.—Nmai, Shere, Surrey.

RHEUMATOID ARTHRlTlS.—Rheunsatism, Rheumatoid Arthritis and Uhenrnatic Gout speedily Cured. Mar- vellous new discoveries. Splendid results I—BARIATC4. GouLn. Rheumatic Specialist, Queenswood-road, Moseley, Birmingham. Advice and Testimonials Free.

GOUT, RHRUMA.TISM. A STOUNDING Discovery at last. An absolute sure for Cl. Gout. Rheunratism. and Rheumatic Gout. Gill's Gout and Rheumatic Pills, Is. Id. per box, pllt free, and of all leading Chemists.--senci two stamps for free sample to THOMAR GILL & Co., 4 Duke it.. Adeiphi, Condon.

91RY the ^atchles. Gout and Rheumatic Pills for Chronic 1 Gout, Rheumatism, :4ciatica, Lumbago. Over 300 chronic cases cured by them in the district of West Bromwich last 18 months, some of 33 and 40 years standing. Average cures, 95 in every 100. Price, Is. 3d., nost free.—Address HERBAL SPECIALIST, 80.8?.. Spon lane, West Bromwich.

"COWL CORN, Is 6d. 10s 6d, 12 61, 2401 he ; Pia Food, is 6d 1: and Poultry Meal, Bs. and 115., per 20011)5.—RocnE AN D Co.. 15, Goree piazzas Liverpool. Mention paper.

25, CATHERINE qTRERT, 6 Rooms 4s. 31. per week. PENKETH.—GOOD HOITSIig WITH GARDENS, 3s. 9d. per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and Os. 6d. per week, WARRINGTON.—Lore SHOP i in principal positions in main streets, Rents ENO £l5O. £lOO and £9O a year IVY LODGE. PROGHALL LANE rent £45 a year on lease. Apply ttoBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War- cington. Telephone—No 55.

NVARRHOUSH and YARD with Stabling To Let in Bewsey st. (lately occupied by Jo.eph Woodward, Builder) ; also railway arch.—Apply ti:NDITHURST, Old Foundry, Werrington.

EXTERNAL TREATMENT.—SIMPLE, SAFE ONRCAIN. NO HUMBUG, NO BUNKUM. GUARANTEED THE MOST wONDERVUL SPECI FOR HUMAN SUFFERING EVER PLACED BEFORE THE PUBLIC. VITA-LEO CONQUERS Pain, Sickness, and Suffering. Restores and Preserves Health. Prolongs Life. AN IDEAI EMBROCATION FOR ATHLETES. VITA-LEO 1 !OINTMENT CURES Ba Legs, Ulcers, Sores, wounds. Eczema, and other Skin Diseases. Blood Poison. Piles. Fistula, Ac. POST FREE: VITA-LEO Is. 3d.4 Is. 9d., and 21. 9d; OINTAENT, 7d. and is. Id. Direct from Manufacturers, HASSARD AND CO., 180 GREAT BRITAIN STREET, DUBLIN. Pamphlet on" Disease, Cause, Prevention and Cure" free PLEASE MENTION THIS PIPER.

Itotelg, Pporocs, zoartitna 04tabo.

HOYLAKB.—Sandloft. Private Boarding House, 49, Cable Ed; late dinner..—Tariff on applie.ttion to Miss TomEB. T ONDON VISITORS.—Queen's Private Hotel, 7 QUEEN Li SQUARE, BlooinibUry. Central. Maximum comfort, minimum expense.

A LDHttLitlf ISUGH.—THORNILEY. Tea Rooms, (Morley LI Hall lane. Picnic Parties catered for. Accommo- dation for Cyclists.

QMITH'S FERRY HOTEL, Foryd. Five minutes' walk AJ from Rhyl Promenade. Beds from 2s. ; board optional, Cyclists' rest. Baths.

LLSWATHEI —PATTHROALE MOM.. Ullswater, Pen Li rith ; stands in its own grounds; facing lake; terms moderate.—Misses HUDSON, Proprietresses.

QUISIMIIR HOLIDAYS. Special Terme. Borrowdale Hotel, Derwentwater. Keswick. Delightful situation ; good table; every home comfort. —Apply MANAGERESS.

j ADY, living in healthiest part Cheshire, two miles from 11 Neswall-on-Dee, 11 from station, reeeivbs PAYING GUESTS; pony, trap, cows kept.—BEATHYIELD, Thing- wall, Birkenhead.

f 1111ISTEH.—WHITH BISKEL 14()TBL and concert room, kJ Lower Bridge St, best accommodation for visitors. Parties catered for ; good beds and livery stables.— B,"SMITH, proprietor.

I/ LACKPOO . —ORE WENT PRIV/ITS HOTEL, Tbe Park, facing sea. Table d'Hote 8 p.m. (small tables). Excellent cuisine. Tel. n 7. Telegrams—" Crescent, Black- pool." —Apply Miss WILSON. Yianageress.

LANGOLL N.—Tynywern Boarding Bstabliihment Bx- II I tensiye alterations replete with every comfort ; half mile from town; exhilarating eley4tioa ; HoLTHEAD ROAD; fishing, horse, trap ; from 28s, per week 5.. 6d. per day. DOUGLAS. —DHALMBR'S YORK BOARDING BSTA.B- LISHMRNT. central for all amusements ; first-class table ; home comforts,terms strictly moderate; epeeist terms for parties—S. Castle terrace, Promenade, Douglas. I O.M.

f 'WU HCH bTHICTTON.—HoImwood Boarding House and kJ APAHTMIOITS. High-class ; good T nnis Court; standing in own grounds ; close to noted Golf Links. Tariff, —Apply Mrs. HARRI 2, Holutwood, Church Stretton. Salop.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS MINUTED. 34 TO $0 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARE. ROME COM,ORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. ABERYSTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most ,-;omfortable Family Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Room and Drawing Hoorn, face the sea. Terms from 2i gnineas per week, or 9s. per day. ac-orpling to Bedroom. Bed, br•.ak- fast and attendance from ss. lable o'Hote at 6.3-, o'clock For TARIFFS SLo.' arply to W. H. PALMER PROPRIETOR.

"VioW QUAY, CORNWALL—Superior APA,RTMKNTS, 11 near station, ue4che3; golf, tennis.—" WISHART." %VENSLBYD4LE.—Furnisbeci bouse to let, August; five V rooms, more next door.—KNAGGF, Askrigg, R.S.O. 1.) LA(KPOULOo.r,fortable APARTM tiNTS nem. Station; ls. per day or 4s. with board.—,pply Mrs. YATES, 28. Sw‘inson st.

DLACKPOOL.—Mias KER.HsW and Niro. RDO3T, 65 Palaiine road, Cornto;table APAUTMECNTS. Piano. Terms moderate.

HYL.—APARTMENTS ; sunny aspect ; bath ; piano 11., Terms low.—Mrs. CHLBLEB JotiFs, Lozells House. Edward Henry it.

WMITBY. YOllKb.—Furnisnea House near Beach. golf, 3 sitting 5 bedrooms, battiroom.---ROBERT GRAY & SON, House Agents

BLACKPOOL.— Double Bedroom, with Sitting-room, near sea, piano, 21 per week.—Mrs. HARGREAVES, 11, Cross et., North shore.

ClONWAY.—Pleasant APARTMIiNTS, Sea and Mountain kJ View, Bathe and piano, Railway Convenient.—JoNEs, Gogar h View, Catinant

LACKPOOL.—APARTIABrai clo:e to s-a, stations, ammements ; 'eds s.for two ;bo .rd 4,6 d. day ealn PALMER, 93 Albert rd.

IhlLlClisTd. —Good STABLING f r VISIT R' HOlolelS ‘_) and good Room for Motor-care. Note the addreBe. BRYNHIR ABMs, Criccieth.

U LANWRST near Bettwe-y-C]ed.—Comfortable APART. MRNTS : sitting and two bedrooms, bath, etc.—Apply Mrs. WlLLtims, Lystawel. DLAOXPOOL.--APARTMENTS. public, private, or board; splendidly situated; one mlnute from sea.—BouLToN, Flixton House, Lytnam rd.

OME FROM HOME Comfortable APARTMENTS close to sea and Station, Terms modertte.-3liss RICE ; 7. Edward Henry Street. Ethyl.

ANNS'o-ON-BA--APARTMKNTS ; view of sea and 0 beautiful sands, where Coons perform three times daily. —Mrs. LEICESTER, 1, Derlie rd.

DLACKPOOL.-APAR Ld Maid, public or private; central; near hea and trams.—Mts. PALMER. 23. Dale et, From Ardwick, Manchester.

SOUTHPORT.—Comfortable A.PARTMENTS ; good Beds, moderate term.; two minutes' vvaik from pier.—The Misses AanwonTH, 35, Bold St. IJLARROGATR.—ComfortabIe homely APARTMENTS ; Sitting, one or two Bedrooms; terms moderate.— Apply Mrs. H., 35, Franklin rd.

-DRBSTATYN.—Comfortable APARTIVIRNTS ; beautifully situated near shore and statim ; also Furnished Bunga- low.-4. YORK 'IRRRACK, Prestatyn.

LACKPOOL.—CLAREMONT PARK. 180 Warbreck rd. Fine sea view Well furnished. Three bedrooms, August, September. Terms low.

BLACKPOOL—Mrs. FOGG Glaseon House,Foxhall Homely, Comfr‘rtable APARTMENTS, Is. per day. Close to Sea. Private Apartments.

SU PERIOII APARTMBNTi at Farmhodse in healthy and bracing country; fine acenery.—Mrs. TnouLEY, Macon House, Dalton, Parbold, near Southport.

VISITORS to London will dad clean, country APART- -ISIENTS, good beds ; terms moderate; near Angel.- 116, LIVERPOOL RD., Islington. London.

pLACKPOOL.—Mrs. HARTLUY, Igmerald Honse B', ALBERT RD., (late of 62, Palatine-road and formerly of Bolton), Apartments public I privste.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. BARON, 23, Vance rd. ; one minute from Comtral station and amusements ; comfortable APA RTNIRNTS ; terms moderate ; niano.

CIOLWYN BAY. ComfJrtable 'iPARTMUNTS five NJ minutes walk from shore. terms moderate, 11 and c bath —Mn. GRIFFITHS, Olinda. Abergele rd.

PI LACKPOOL.—Visitors will flnd Comfortable ACCOM- MODATION at Mrs. Flom) ARMITAGE'S, 73 Albert rd., near Central station: rrocal NON, pond cookinv.

MORECAMBH.—Misses SHERLIKER &PROWL Olive House. 38. nxf,,rd it.; Comfortable APARTMBNTS. puhlie or private ; 2 minutes sea ; ls. per day esch.

BRIGHTOq —Ladv'ti House, furnished, excellent potion £2. Shops and Villas, £26 to £9s.—Yonift HOLBRCIC .i.NDSADLER Auctioneers. Brighton. (Mortgages wanted). ORROAMBR.—Comfortable APARTMRNTS. Mis se I Nicholson, Timsbury House, 12, Wellington Terrace near T. And N. w Stßtin, , fire ml' ote• from Promermao.

ONDON.—Visitors wilt find Comfortable APARTMUNTS _LJ at Mrs. RtERBY'S, 80. Downham Road, Klniteland. N. (late of Braiford) Bed, meat breer fasf,9s. 60. Recommended

A BERGRLR, SRA ROA.D.—WeII furnished house with /11 excellent piano if desired. Facing woods and Gvit yeti Castle. Three entertaining rooms, five or six t)firooms.— Apply Mr 4. Joritisov.

A PARTMENTb.—Two sitting. three or four beorooms, T. bathroom, high situation : rear sea and mountains five minutes to town and cathedral.--C.. 6. Brynteg terrale, (Toner Bangor, N. Wales. Q 0 0 ' LAND: Innellan. Birth of Clyde —CO'MPORTABL APARTMICNTS with attendance. at Dhunellan, beau- tifully situated in extensive grounds and near golf course. Apply Mrs._ KAY. rrotTnISTS 171SITIN4 BDINBURGH.—Superior APART I MKNTS. near Princes-street; open s ituation ; excel- lent cooking --iiicoTT. 1. Scotland at.. Drummond-place, Bdinburgli. DOTTOLAq.—ONETPI, Avondale Terrace, Broadway beautifully situated : sea and mountain views • cable- cars to door: APARTMENTS for 2. 14s. boarders 2 shariag bedroom 28s. weekly.

J ABB DlSTKlOT.—Buttermere :FURNISH BD COTTAGE 1J TO LBT by wo.ek or month, one sitting-room ; two bedrooms (three ted4). Terms moderate.—Apply Mrs. B. Rion, Ong House, Buttermere. Cockermouth.

MORRCAM SP, W R.- Visitors will find comfortable homely APARTMRNTS. with or without board, at reasonable terms, with Mrs JENNINGs, Stanley House, 26, Olarendon-road ; one minute from Pier end Alhambra.

lUr ORECA.MBR.— STRAW'S Royalty RESTAURANT. 11l Opposite general P.O. Oldest established Caterers 'Ts Morecambe. Large and small parties catered for. satisfac- tion guaranteed. Moderate prives. Cyclist accommodation. Hot dinners every day. Apartments

HISLACKPOOL —BB BURLINGTON ROAD. Scuth Shore. fl Pleasantly situated. sea view, front and back : near shore, tram, station ; dining. sitting and three bedrooms, bath; piano.—Juiv 2i guineas, &ugust 3 guineas weekly. Reduced terms for long letting.

gpartmentO, furitisbeb 30 ousts dr

VASTBOURoIIi.—Send post-card for list of all available _EA APAhTMIIItITS.—WaTsox,2B, Junction Rd,Hastbourne. BLACKPCOL.—Mrs. WHITEHEAD and Miss HanwEt.t,s9 Albert rd.; 2 mins. from Central Station and sea ; piano.

T LANDUDNO.—APARTMENTS, public or private; board _LA if requirei.—Mrs. CRABTREE Bryn Ogwen,Degsnwy it. - QOAKBOHO'.—Mrs. lIICHARDSON,3I tnchester tiouse,Ceme- tery rd. ; Comfortable APARTMONTS ; terms moder- ate ; piano.

lUBLIN.—APARTMICN TS with or without Boyd, moder- ate for visitors, centrni.—rs. JOHN BEY.mouli, 58, Eccles street.

TIOUGLAS. —MRS. QrIkYLR. 27. Peel rd. ; bed and- -11 breakfPst, 28, 6d. ; full board, 4s. ed. ; beds (two persons). 28.

P URT BRILV ; Riversdale House.—A.PA.RTMENTS, near station, shore, and golf links ; terms molerate.— Mrs. T. GALE. BLAcKPOOL.—HomeIy APARTMENTS, near Central Station and pier.—Mrs. C. GRAHAM, 45 Livingstone rd, off Hornby rd.

WIGTOWI9 H IRE. —AP RT IiNTS to he Let, with attendance• btea bathing, golf. Cowelt. Bridge Mill Glenluce.

A PARTMRNIS or BOARD, one minute from shore.—Mrs. /A. JOE CHALMERS, 3,Nutford Place, Castle Mona Avenue, Douglas, I O.M.

ITRIO AND.—BRD and SITTING ROOM, English. Five minutes from sea. Dark room.-24 FLORENCE RD., Bray. Wicklow. cIOUTIIPORT.—Mrs. FOSTER, 8, Wesley Street; home /..7 from borne ; electric light; near stations and pier Termi molerate.

TpII LACKPOOL.—MERCER, Public and Private APART MRNTS, 26, St. Chan's rd., Promenade South shore sea view ; piano. DLACKPOOL—ReIiabIe APARTMENTS or Board; ex. celb.nt sea viess.—Mrs. JAM&S, 12, St. Chad's road Promenade, S.S,

I lANDUDNO ; beautiful situation, near sea ; well-aired .4 beds, bat b.—Misses STRATTOX, Fron-Dirion, ILosebery Avenue, Craig-y -don.

QOARBOROUGH . —Comfortsb e APARTMENTS. one Li minute from station ; near sea and spa.—Apply. 11, BELLE VUE TERRACE. - ST. ANNR9.-ON-THR-'4EA.—Mrs. LORD. 72. of:. Andrew's rd., South; Public and Private APARTMENTS ; highly recommended.

FLISIITWOOD,- Private SILTING-H.O(M or APAR r- MR NTS, near sea and cars ; terms reasonable. - Mrs. SHARPLEs, 61, Poultnn rd. lAKE DISTRICT.—APARTMENTS to Let for July and ,ugust ; board if required.—HlNDE, Palace Howe, Loweswate-, eockermouth

ST. ANNNS-ON-StiA. —Well turnished APIRTAIHNri, public or private ; bath: &a. ; piano, moderate.—nre T. YLOR, West View, -tibert rd.

BLA CKPOOL.—Mrs. GODDARD, 16. LIVINGSTONE RD., (contra!). Homely APARTMENTS Is. per night, with board 4s. 6d. per day inclusive.

ANG OH, WaIes.—APARTNIEN I'S, with or without board ; cornfortableonoderate ; central; cycle accornmo, datlon.—EyaNs. 299, High St.

PWLLHBLl—Comfortable APARTMNNTS, one minute to promenade end beAch ; golf and tennis —Mies C. HUGHES Lys M.tdoe, West Ind.

ORHCAMBE.— APARTANNTS ; c'os,) to West End 1/1_ Pier, Promenade; bath ; piano; cycle accommodation. SIIARPLEA, 65, Albert Road

NTEW BRIGHTON.- MIVI. DVAPSON, Egerton Villa, Egerton et.. Clinforble APARIMENTS, near Ferry, and New Promenade. Terms moderate.

A BBRYSTWYTH.—APAUTNIIIRTA, pleasantly situated it near sea and station ; home comforts.—Mrs. LEI, (late of Midlands). Binswood, Llanbaclarn ro.

DLICKPOOL —Mre. GE )RGE H. CoIII.BOK. 10, Kirby-rd., U near Manchester Hotel, sea, and new Pro-nenale. APAHI3IENTS with or without board. T) LACK POO L.—Mrs. CRABTREE, 93 Egerton rd.. Norch Shore, APARTMENTS. Public or Private with or. without board Piano, every home comfort.

MORM:CUBE, B SIMPEIoN, Hungerford HOME, 33, Westminster rd.—APARTMIINTS and Boarding; bath and piano ; nice open view.

ST. ANNICS-ON-S EA.—Comfortable Private APART AIRN PS. sitting and two bedrnoms ; 3 mins. et akin terms 409., inclusive.-10, SPRINGFIELD-RD.

I, BE RYSTWYT LT.—COM FOE TAB LH A PARTMH NTS ; good cooking; piano ; close to the sea ; moderate terms —Mrs. WILLIA3I9, Glenhuntly, Custom House st. PLACKPOOL.—CHAIrraEz's, 9, Yates street, Dickson 1J Road, North Shore, near sea. Public ant Private APARTMENTS. 'rerms moderate. Home Comforts.

KlOlDAL.—Bedroorn awl Sitting-room, FURNISHSD ; oUskirts ; good trout fishing ; charming scenery ; piano, terms moderate.—Mrs. FOSTER, 5, West St.

BERYSTWYTII.--Furnishect A.PAATMNN PS, three minutes' walk from sea ; terms moderate.—Apply Mrs. HU3IPHREYS, 2. Chalybeate et., Aberystwyth.

A BERYSTWYTH.—Comfortable APART vIHNTi (pisu.o) half mlnut, from hew promenade and castle; moderate terms.—Mrs. Plum Seßfield House, Rheldol Terrace.

BLACKPOOL. Comfortable APARTMENTS ; three- minutes walk from Central Station and nea. Near all amusements. Piano.—Mrs. T Ginso:s. 39, Chapel et.

XTEW BRIGHTON.— A.partments or Board-Residence 1.1 every convenience ; cbse to station, electric cs.rs, shore and tower. Terms moderate. —39, GROSVENOR ROAD. LANDIMNC.—Superior APARTMENTS, near re—r. I.J Promenade and inotir garage ; south aspect —Mrs. JoNEa. Burleich House, Church Walk.. Terms moderate. BLACK POOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, public and private ' • bath and piano ; trams pass the door ; five minutes walk from Talbot-rold Station. —MARCHAM, 113, New rd. LLANDUDNO.—Highly recommender) APARTMENTS ; one minute from promenade; excellent cooking ; every convenience ; terms moderate,—MANDALAY HOUSE, Vielork Avenue

ENAI SIRAITS ; well FUELNISHIRD HOUSE stands .171 in Its own grounds;tbree entertaining,eigLit 13,d rooms (ten beds) ; stable; tennis lawn. field &c.—PROTHERo, Haulfrvn. Mend i Bridge.

NGI.BiBY, ORmARS BAY, Rose Cottage, Furnished 11 APARTMENTS. June, July, Auwnst, and Bepternber. three sitting rooms.teyen bedrooms, one minute's walk from shore.— Mr.. J. S. Rvews

MORECAMBIC HINDLIC, 4.l ma House 11 Promenade: finest position and most Pxtensive view of bay from all sitting and bedrooms ; public, private or boardine ; terms moderate,

PBINMAIGNMAWIL-APAIIT3IFINTS ; 2 sitting rooms and 4 bedrooms (6 beds); sea and mountain within easy distance; home comforts —App)y Mrs. T. ROBERTS, Bradford House, Penmaenan.

BLACK POOL—Visitors will find Comfortable A C.COM- MODATION at AIM 'EMMANUEL HAWVITICS, 88 Albert road. near Central Station. Public or Private Apartm cuts with or without Hoard. Piano.

• LANDHINDOD WiaLS, the beauty spot of Central Li Wales. Visitors' List, post free, Id. ; Guide, post free. Apartments recommended.—G. GRIFFITH Caxton House, Llandrindod Wells.

EIXCELLENT COUNTRY HOME, with widow lady, for. two Gents or bu9iness L‘cties ; no children ; bath two minutes from Walkden station.—Mrs. RICHARDBoN Ellesmere terrace. Walkden rd., Woreley. rpo LET. Comfortably FURNISHED HOUSE for any 1 length of time ; three sitting, six bedrooms (eight beds) bath h & o; colch-house an i sable ; garden, fowl run ; near sea, station and mountains ; terms moderate.— EamorinsLEY, Prestatyn.

TLLPRACOMBE.—Clornfortable APARTMENTS ; two ting-rooms, four bed-rooms ; nicely furnished • bath- oom, piano ; Rood cooking and attendance; splendid view rack and front. Terms very moderate.—Mrs. GREEN, 9, belmont rd.

inisrelianous, on oate, dr.

QILK HATS. however old, made equal to new by usiug "SilklnP," 7d. post free.—HEAP,blanley, Staffs. 1/6 PAIR SURDS GLOVES.—Sneelal Offer. All Colours Post Free—GREENWOOD, Ringsdown,Bristol.

100 WATCHRS to Clear, ss. each —CALnors, Dept. 96, Ponsonby Buildings, Rd ward et- Blackfriars. - - _ "MATRIMONIAL POST." sealed 5d., with circular 9d.; distance Imm;iterial.—BDlToB, 10, Trafalgar Build- ings, London, W.C.

21_ ARDEN-HO}, best quality 60 feet with fittings 13a. 6d. k-A or Bd. per yard, carriage paid.—LEEDS RUBBER Co., 12, Boar Lane, Leeds. Q (GNS AND LETTBRS of every description made to order kJ by B. R. LATHAM, Glass Decorator and Signmaker, 89, Renshaw at , Liverpool.

THN different and unique w‘ys of increasing your income. Whole or spare time.—Particulars, P.O. la. SECRETARY 1 Bryntirion st., Dowlais.

FISHIe G.—HO-YES Japanese Fish Bait ensures good sport. Samples and directions 7 stamps.—G. IL HARE, 33, Hollow Stone, Nottingham. IDEARSON'S WEBKLY. £5OO Juggle Competition. IL Splendid solutions, 20 for 6d. ; complete, ls. —W., 37, Heathfield Gardens, Chiswick. W. /VOW-YU use it POWDlift for Tired and Hot Feet,retresh- iN in and comforting. Tins 4d. each, post paio.—J.D., 74, Eccles rd., Lavender Hill, S.W.

(-11110KET bats. 3s. 6d. each ; men'a all cane, cane and V) rubber. 4s. 6d. each ; youth's, 35., 2s. 6d. ; stock soiled, unused.-786, OLD KENT RD., London. (10AT enftl BLOUSE HANGERS. Keep the shoulders in NJ shape. Three for 5d., six for 94.. twelve for is. 4d. Post free.—Mt.k.K's Fancy Stores. Truro.

11) AINFUL Corns and Bunions quickly removed by usiF.g 1. Hodgson's Corn s,klve. Boxes post free BA-d. and is. Ici CUTHBERT HODGSON. Chemist, Sunderland.

MOKB GRADY'S DEFENDEtt TOBACCO " It does not 0 burn the tongue." Sold everywhere in packets with coupon Wholesale.—GßADY, King at., Wigan. R A Z OR S . B e a t hollow-ground, 3s. 6d. each; pair, in case. Is. 6d. free. Handsome pocket knife given with every order.—H. ELLIOTT, 58 West Bank lane, Sheffield. ) EVOLVING RUBBER HEELS.—How to fix them your IL self. send stamp for price list and full instructions.— HEEL PADS COMPANY,;COUnteeB Road,Northampton.

Qs. 11d. LADIES'DRESS L4NGTHS in Voiles Flakes Serge. 0 Cashmeres, Sze., from 3/11 per 6 yards. Carriag,e paid Patterns H. MIDDLETON & Co., Dept. N., Bradford. -- JAARGE assortment of new and Second-hand Leather Suit Oases, Cabin Trunks, Portmanteaus, and Bags to be sold cheap —WENTER, 107 Charing Cross rd., London. BEST STONE GINGER BEHR BOTTLE, ss. 6d. per Gross, in large or small quantities), packages free.— Apply Bird PoTTERY, Three Mills Lane. Bcomley by Bow.

rlll}lH SIGNET SEJEISTAHIAT. London, undertakes 1 Secretarial, Tranelation, andTynewriting work.—Tele- phone, 231, Holborn. Good firm offered London address. BLOUSES.—Splendid Silk for filous.ls and Children's Dresses, 27 Inch wide. Is. 6d. pe- par I. eatte-ns sent on approval. .Sr.scics.4s ShAW Street, Vlaccielfi el d

lACES, IRISH handmade Point, Osrrickmacross, Crochet I and Limerick Laces made to order.Qaotations sent free.— O'SuLtiveNs,lrisla Lace Manutacturers,Kiloummin,Killarney

KBRP YOUR CHILD'S HD CLAN and free from Nits with Sandbronles Inf illible Pomade. Po3t free, 40. ; money returned If not as stated.-418 Kt:fasts:in RD, Lo idon.

BBAUTY BATH POWDRRS ensure beautiful clear skin, and blush-rose complexion. Remove blemishes, de- lightful and nerfectiv harmless. is. each ; 6 for ss. ;12 for 9s. —PERCY, 106 akerman Road. London.

I ACE CURTAINS direct from the maker, 2s. 6d., 3s. 6c1., LA 48. 6d., a pair, white or cream. Two pairs Handsome Bedroom Curtains sent carriage paid for 3s. IId.—THE WAREHOUSF:, 9, Market Place, Mansfield.

POTOGRAPH POST CA.ILDS perfectly reproduced from any Photograph. 12, 2s. 6d.; 6, is. 6d. Send Photo and Cash with Order to R. WALL. Photographer, 2 Exeter street, Brighton. Prompt return post free.

WA,THKPROOIt COVNiti. Sirrta material and pliable a 'railway sheets,l2ft. by 9ft. 12s. ; 15ft. by 9ft and any size at Ig., per sq, yard. with lashes ; Cash re- turned if not approved.—HENßY J. GABSON, Rye.

BLOUSES FOR SALE.—Smart. up-to-date style, made of good wearing material; only 2s. and 2s. 6a. each. Send cash, and we will dispatch goods immediately.—GOßDON & Co., 164, St. John's road, Upper Holloway, London.

NEWING. N EWING. Rabbit Nets, PootballiGoal 'Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.THomis JoaDnia.es, Net Warehouse CorporPtion-street, Manchester.

FIiNTS. REMNANTS. FEN %'S.—ln Prints, Whites, Greys. Muslin, Sateens, Flannelettes, Detainee ; by weight or yard ; cheap lives suitable for markets ; send for list.—F. ANDREWS & Co., 61 Faulkner at.. Manchester.

ABRAM:Mt, SlNGliiit you can positively become through possessing my secrets. Wonderful scitntific dis- coveries ; success guaranteed; write free book immediately. —RICHARDS, 141, Westbourue Terrace. Hyde Park, L :ndon.

110,41i-NIADN LIOIONA.DR, Highly concentrated, finest flavour, nothing to equal it; add cold water to proctuca delightfully rtfreshing drink; to make 2 gallons 4d. post free. —BARTLETT BRoS , 65 Dundee Hoad,South Norwood London.

rA. PHRRY.—Finest qualities. low prices. If botutht on the Kinksway ' system the purchaser c,eate cash incomes for themselves. send to the KINGBWAY SYNDICATE,LIMITED,6,VIIICent Squaie Slansions,London,S.

WHy GO ABOUT IN AGONY e—Yttton's Real Buc-- skin Boots givo immediately to the eet. and keep oft. and give relief at once. and are a Certain Cure for Corns and Bunions. 13s. 6d. to 255. Send me an old boot. 30 years at 65 FORE qTRERT, City and Tottenham. lO BEI 801 D.—Farnworth. near Widnes.—The extensive Works. lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co. with Machinery and 24.420 square yards of Freehold Lani, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. tioIICING, 16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

.QAVE YOUR HAY AND Cu RN,—Dixon's Steel and Iron 10 Barris are economical, durable, quickly erected storm proof, give protection against fire, can be cheaply removal ; 9aVe their cost in few years; thousands in use, pries reduced- -3 yearly payments if desired.—lssAc DixON, Windsor Iron- wOrks, Edge Hill, Liverpool. -- -r OOK I You have all helped to pay for them before.— LA Lite Guards' Military Knee Boots, smart appearance. 7s. 6d. per pair; Naval Knee Boots, very strong, 6s. 6d. per pair ; Bluchers, 511. 6d. per pair ; any size ; carriage paid. Uash returned if not approved of.--.HENRY J. GASSoN, Government Contractor, Rye.

4 no. GOOD Serge Costume Skirts,tastefully strapped ,0 kJ kJ black or nary, half price to clear, 2s. 93. each ; 2 for 5s carriage 5d ; sizes un to 33k. waist. 441 n. in length ; Long-waisted Grey Corsets, Is. 31.. poet 31. ; Black Silkotte Blouse, beautifully tucked, 25., post 3d. Money returned if not satisfiect—F. DAVIES, 102 Norwood rd.. London, s.B.

)( BOON TO DAILY RAILWAY TRAVRLLERS.—YearIv /11 Season Tickets, with which the holier cm travel by any traln• or any Railway—may lse had for a Reduced Weekly Payment; or for a les. Monthly or Qoarterly Pay. ment than those charied by the Railway Companies. —MI information from the MUTCLL Snisos TICKET AGENCY, i 6, Lever street, Manchester.

MOB SALE, PORTABLE OFFICE on Wheels fitted desks. drawers, gas fittings complete. Stanhooe gig rubber Tyres all latest improvements. Double, single and tandem Harness. saddler, bridles, night and show head halters, rugs and hoods, zinc mangers, all practically new, also quantity of Disinfectants and Veterinary Medicines.—Apply Rl'3lEll a Cu., 16 Brasenose rd., Bootle.

--- S"D POTATOBS.-1,000 loads of various kinds of selected seed viz., The British Queen, Scottish Triumph, Professor Maerker, Standard ; also new seed Up-tc-dfites,. direct from beotlancl. The attention of previous enstomers is drawn to the fact that none of the seed is old and that it has grown more than one Reason either in Laneashire or Onobt been e.Apply J. CLIFF & CO.. 1 Foundry st.,Warrington.

---- Carriage Paid YOUR PHOTO ENLARGED, and eJ mounted on bast plate-sunk mount measuring 201 n., 6 returned , ci (realand n infinishea by the new and beautiful airbrush . gems of art) see , testimonials. Original pired. send photo with postal-note for 54., to the " enowN" PHOTO-ENLARGING CO., 59, and 61, brpyertoulcu' . Kelvins Pie Avenu.. Glasgow

FOUND DEAD. —IANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers well. " After one dressine I found 135 dead next morn- ing."—J. BLISS, KehthOrPe. Leighton. " I killed 200 rats witb Sanford's Poison.' 9. COOK, Farmer, Ellesmere. " I destroyed 145 rats with it."—C. Wtr.sott. Offord.—Seod ls 2d to SANFORD A SON, Sandy, B. 'Sold by Chemists

infOrellantous, uNt giates, cit. CL OTTHRE itiittLogtedhisi,i 4011.1. ga.par—wPicahtterns. Dept. S,

eIAST-OFF-OLOTHIN4. Beginners supplied. Splendid £3 bales,large profits.-13•INE's Wardrobe Stores,Scarborough. - --- STAMPS.--35 rare varieties, and three high class pictoria rosicards 3d—SMYTH STAMP Co.,Boscombe,Bournecnouth.

pEAUTIFUL Chain Photograph Pendant, 13 stamps. Bend photo (returnable), ROMMEL 14, Foster-road, Portsmouth.

IPISHING.—Ho-Yen Japanese fish bait er sures good sport. .12 Sample and directions 7 stamps. C. E. HARE Hollowstone, Nottingham. A.DIBS SPBOIAL BLACK STOCKINGS, post free, -Li 7d., 8d 9d. Thousands selling weekly. —THE MILL, 67, Mill Hill road. Norwich.

SUIT TANGTI-IS, rnervellous value, Bs. 6d., lie., l2s. sd. &c 3. also Trouseringe, patterns free. —J. HARPER, Woollen Merehant. Gledhnit, Huddersfield.

RHOWBS.—lmportant to anglers. Recipes for paste and ground bait. as used by famed John Osborn, Is. id. Send at once. BRAZIER OsBORN. 33, Barnsbury-grove, B irnabury, London.

HOW TO MASSAGIC-- Ladies, don't pay fancy prices. The secret told; your face FIB smooth as velvet.— Is., P.O. and stamped actcressed envelope W. V. FREEMAN, 9 Wood at.. K.ttering.

lONFEN AND ilia, " VSNIKN'IIs " brand, Buy from kJ Mincing lane Markets. 71bs pure roasted Coffee sent against P.O. Bs, 6d. Tea all qualities. Price list.—WooD, 9, Mincing lane, London.

ASTROLOGY.—Test Horoscope of Character, Business, Marriage, Health, and Chauges.—Send birth date, la., and stamped envelope, 'VENUS' (N), 4, Stranton Terrace, Fulwell road, Sunderland.

KNITTED TIES, direct from the factory. Lustre sd. ea2h 6 for ls. 2d ; silk, Is. 61, each. 3 for 4s. ; all colours, post free. The best ties in the world for wear.—A. R. C. KNITTING Co., 74. Eden St., Cambridge.

A RE you troubled with Bad Debts? Write for our Pro- Pt spectue. Low charges, prompt eettletnent. We also undertake Private Inquiries aid •:ecret Watt:things, - MAN.( GER, United Trades Office, Bridge atret, C4t diff,

HUNarptiliclke"l are ill wrni llaikneg tyootivae afirt:ti_r.l apsrsicesefrogrea rionoitd guaranteed Indigo aye, to fit, and give every satisfaction, for 2 guineas cash, send for pattern.—W. S. MN.Y, Kings- wooa, Bristol. -- CONSBRVATORlES,greßnhouses,frames, 21 oz greenhouse glass, studios, sheds4c. Intending purchasers can ob- tain the best for quality, designs. and cheapness from K. HODSON, Manufacturer, Tyldesley. List and estimates free. State wants.

gyLBE NO " removes Dirt, Grease, Steins, itc frAm S. hands like magic : unlike Pumice Stone or Sand, it leaved the skin smooth, white, knit delicetely ri,rfumed.— Write to-day and send three stamps for a 6d. box from Sevo Co., la, Green Lanes. Stoke Newington N., London.

WANT A HUSBAND? Want a Wife? Read "Matri- mony," 24. pages of excellent reading clnetrning love, courtship and marriaire. Genuine matrimonial advertise- ments no connection with any agency, thirty words 2s. 6d.; specimen post tree, sealed envelope threepence. —•• MATer- mosit OFFICES. 61. Pleet et., LondonN B.C. - -

Oottsts antt Eanb on ale.

FDR SALE, two shops (one shut up. could he made One). Goble, coach-hoti.e, loft. splendid house. One best positions Cardiff. —Apply OWNER, 8, Grove Rd, Brixton. rifittli,HOLD LAND, in many counties. or Cottage, Shop, Farm or ntlansion,Plots from £lO each,or £2O per acre ; good roads.pavable by iestalments,free deeds. Also Houses. :Ibops, Bunga;ows.—Mr. BRAKE, Farnborough, Hants.

otor ears, evetts, rte.

L 5 10/ .DVTIZe Coventry Front i Grade Brake. Bicycle,Fmonthsr guarantee. Accessories cheap.-16, NARROW WINE ST. Bristol. A GOOD Seelnd-band Ladies' and Gents' eyele,pneurnatie ti res,complete with Isell.bag and spanneranust be sold at onee,£2 178. 6d. each.—MlLLAßD,Oriel Villa,Trowbridge. GRAND LINK, Outer Covers with New Rubbers, all sizes, ss. 6a. Guaranteed Air Tubes, 2s. 6d. Oornplete British Cyele,24 78 6d; list free—RIBBLE CYCLE Co. Preston

rpo BR SOLD, a STRAM CAR, equal to new, all latest _1 improvements ; hood, condenser, etc. ; cost over £250 last year. Offers wanted. Owlet' buying larger car.—A. s. DUTTON, 20, Foregate at.. Chester.

ttorsts, Tarriageo, tilt,: stork Str

TIORRES.—Heavy Town Light Lnrry COBS and PONIRS always rot sale. Also Store pigs.—Apply DICKINSON, Merchant, -Orrnskirk.

STORE PIGS, all eizes, delivered direct from breeder in Anglesey. All orders carefully attended W.—TAYLOR, Newton-le—Willows.

FOR SALR, Alexandra Drag. in good condition, with rubber tvre5.—APPlY, after 6, no dealers. DEatix. Rock lane, Bast, Rock Ferry, Cheshire.

WILOONHTTi4S ON SAL.—One for 24, another for 16 equal to new and in gocd condition. • Will sell cheap G TArLon,Birch Farm, Long Lane,Hindley Green, Nr Wigan

VBSICO SUDORIRR) for lama or unsound Horses.— Vesico Sudorific is the quickest, safest, and most famous remedy for Splint, Spavin, Ringbone, Sidabone, Capped Hock and !Mow, Curb, Windgall, Tumours, Weak Legs, Ice. Price 2s. 6d. orbs., of Chemists, or post free —GREGORY & Co.. Temple, Bristol. STYLISH TURNOUT.—Stout-built Welsh MARli,l4h.3Lin. six years, bay with black points, sound. very snlwv, and afraid Of nothing on the roal ; Liverpool Gig, by Slack's almost new, and Brass-mounted Harness ; together or separate; no dealers. 2, MANCIIEMTER ED., Heaton Chapel, Stockp:srt.

TWO-WHERE, CAR,—Seats 1 to 5 passengers comfortably 1 all looking forward ; elegant ; complete with lamps, cushions. mats. &e. : suit 14 hands cob. Price. 20 guineas ; cost nearly double. Al-o one af two pianos, and some pictures.—Apply Mr. LooRE, Tudor Hou.e, 66, Barlow Moor rd., Didebury. Manchester. --- - _ IG HAELNRSS. Full size £4 2s Si. Cob sizes £3lss Pony size £3 6s. Cab or business cart harness .24 10s Strong van harness £4. Farmers' strong cart harness £3los. All the above are band made in our own factories. Heavy cart saddles and breechings £l, Cart bellybands 3s 6d. Plough pads 25., 2.t inches British Government I.ackbands and tugs 10s 6d. Cart collars 5a steel hames with hooks Is 6d per nair. Black waterproof cart cover 61t 6in. by 61t 6in. 4a 6d. Men's brown leather British Government navy belts 6d. All goods sent on approval. Illustrated catalogue post tree on application to Lull:arm, contractor to H. M. G overnment, Nottingham. •

A. BROKEN-DOWN SYSTEM. This is a condition (or disease) to which doctors give ninny names, but wh!ch few of them really understand it is simply weakness-.-a ureak-down, as it were, of the vital forces tbat sustain the system. Igo matter what my be its causes (for they are almost numberless). its symptoms are much the same; the more prominent being sleeolessnexs, sense of prostration or wearine.s, depressiou of spirits and want of energy for all the ordinary elf airs of life, Now,what alone is absolutely essential in all such cases is INCrticksim VITALITY—vigour—VITAL STRENGTH AND ENERGY to throw off these morbid feelings, and experience proves that as night succeeds the day this may be more certainly secured by a caurse of the celebrated life-reviving tonic. THERAPION NO. 3. than by any other known combination. So surely as it is taken in accordance with the printed directions accom- panying it, will the shattered health be restored, the EX- PIRING- LANIP OF LIFE LIGHTED UP ArERSH, and a new existence imparted in place of what had so lately seemed worn-out. " used up," and vain-less. This wonderful re- ble sterative is purely vegetahle and innocuaus, Is agreea to the taste—suitable for all constitutions anti conditions, in either sex ; and it is difficult to imagine a case of disease or derangement, whose main features are those of debility. that will not be speedily and permanently benefited by this never-failing recuperative essence, which is destined to cast into oblivion everything that had preceded it for this wide- spread and numerous class of human ailments. THERAPION may be procured in England at 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. post free, tot" P.O , from Mr. R. JOHNSON, 43. HOLIPOioD SQUARE, LONDON, W.C. Purchasers should see that the word THBRAPION appears on British Government btamp (in white letters on a r d ground) affixei to every package by order of His Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, and without which it is a forgets,.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS uNBQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER DR. SCOTT'S PILLS COMPLAINTS. HEADACEIN, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTION. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SCOTT'S PILLS APPETITE. COSTIVENESS. DR. SCOTT'S ?ILLS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices is. lid. &ø.d 2s. 9cl•

ASK YOUR BAKER FOR "VEDA" BREAD. THE MOST DIGESTIBLE, DELICIOUS AND NUTRITIOUS. EVERY LOAF IN A SEALED WRAPPER. AGENTS J. lOfl AND SON, 98, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. _ MCDOWELLS, LIMITED, MASKERY'S COACH WORKS WARRINGTON AND NORTH W ICH. All kinds of CARRIAGES in Son, or Built to Orier• REPAIRS and RENOVATIONS carried out, EXPEDITIOUSLY, ECONOMICALLY, SATIREACToRaI• Ag PATENT N W CONSTRUCTION BROUG f VERY LIGHT AND STRONG. Every description of MOTOR CAR BODY to order' EaTIMATES AND TESTIMONIALS AN APaLICATiON. Talephone 409 x, Warrington.

EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON- THE EXAMINER SERIES e PREPAID ADVE TlSEcl'r g APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WA.NTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO:BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES POUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three 61% ' Words. Week. Weeks. Week. 18 00. s. 130c1d.. g: 2noclA: 36 45 • 64 - JOHN WALKSH & C 0; BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULERS, &C" PRINTERS, LITHOGRAPHERS,. BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULERS, SC"' PRINTERS, LITHOGRAPHERS, BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULERS, Estimates given for all kinds of work. POSTERS A SPECIALITY.

THE EXAMINER. JULY 9 1904

Index to Inside Pages. PAGE 2. Wrirrington Draughts League Annual Report. Women's Chat and Fashions. Musical Certificates Awarded. Two Short Stories. 3. Cricket and Bowling. Town Council. Events of the Week Illustrated. 6. Medical Officer's Report. Trip Day. Stockton Heath Parochial Committee. Volunteer Prize Meeting. Police News. 7. Bishop of Manchester at Warrington. Warrington Rural Council. The Electors and Fiscal Reform.

C)/;U PER (viz: I NRC LIU DAE DL) QUART SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BRO 3, %vim!! MICROHA.NTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.)

HARDIE'S BICYCLE SHOP Is AT 54, BERRY STREET, LIVERPOOL. AGENT FOR SINGERS CYCLES REPAIRS TO ALL MAKES.

Gtddards- Plater - Powder clcanirkgSilverElectroPlate.B. aolci everywhere* 2/6 & 4/6.

ONE £l2 12 NET GRADE ONLY- OR £1 1 0 THE BEST. PRIEM, ILER MONTHLY ILLUSTRATED B I CYCLES PRENIIER BOOKLET CYCLE CO. 1.11. WITH HILICAL. TUAINS. POST FREE. COVENTRY.

JEttsßußy & BROWN'S (MANCHESTER) Mineral Waters. BY APPOINTMENT OF KING EDWARD VII.

;*:fr, CP•4 "t" A ~,, 4: > : '4.: a-•. . . , ti , A k , 4 •:.- ' '' 17' r:\ 4, •,f.',.. .-",,; d , )., 4.44. t. st. • ...., .14 N : ' Ne-.. 1.4.- ' lna,As ,:7 . .""-...t. , clowl"---:,. . • .1147 k .44 44% /OIL {A ...f'../-*" '' •-•••••-•'' ".1 -/, --p.• ...` .....7.2,...4._, s„..____ "- - ------'.- "_ ~ ,--..,_.•-•_41...--'"""---- , -_,.._ - -.4t,.. ....0- ' c).•,.:*,;;.1v,',....`•414-,..a: Jr • -v-.11-04411,01-0-,14,-•;..,-,Ef. 4 -4.). -.. ,-.:,." ootv , Ittt, ‘,,.,* - . k, '..t, 4., ~ , ' . • , • - Aktv l' Pc rA• 4, '`-• \-01,.. ~ ,;, 4, . ti _A. tx...M..1›,A. 1.. 4.1..*4',..... WO' `.i. . *.' A ...4.,..4,..4.,..,-...---_;:= Universal Cookery G 0 L D Royal Albert Hall, & Food Exhibition; MEDAL April, 1904. , QkCe3o-0-CI Cth eArlarC4l,l) W.....1,1*) - DR. ANDREW WILSON. HIGHEST AWARD. "Cambridge Lemonade is well known to "After a series of careful tests, the Jurors me, and I can thoroughly recommend it as a awarded the Gold Medal to Cambridge Lemonade, shown .for the first time at this most agreeable beverage. It is prepared from Exhibition, whieh 18 under the distmguished selected Lemons, and contains no added acid. patronage of H.M. the King."— Cambridge Lemonade cannot be surpassed." April 30, 1904. Grocers' Journal. _ 1-d. per Bottle, sufficient to make 2 Gallons. CHIVERS & SONS, Ltd., HISTON, CAMBRIDGE, FIRST ENGLISH FRUIT GROWERS' JAM FACTORY.

if they took water from the mains the supply to the RUNNING POWERS OVER MUNICIPAL TRAM- whole- of their district would be materially reduced. WAYS.—THE TYNESIDE COMPANY'S BILL. Mr. KNOWLES : It cannot want that much. I The Tyneside Tramway Company's Bill, which was The INSPECTOR said a million and a half gallons per sent back by the House of Commons to a select Corn- week wculd be required. mittee, which had approved it, for reconsideration of Mr. KNOWLES : They turn as many millions down a the clause giving the company running powers over ditch near Mr. Ball's farm. There is plenty of water. Newcastle Corporation's system, was, on Wednesday, Dr. SEPHTON : They have a well at the works, but it ' again before Sir Edward Strachey's Committee. They won't supply them with sufficient water, decided to adjourn until the .19th inst., that in the The INSPECTOR: lam expecting that they will have meantime the parties should come to an agreement re- a supply of water by the next meeting. specting running powers, and that in case of no agree- Mr. LONGTON complaineJ that the smell from Sankey meat the Corporation should then call further evidence Brook was ten times worse than the depot smell, but he against running powers. seconded the motion which was carried unanimously. It was understood that if the Corporation failed to comply with the notice, the matter would be brought forward next month, with a view to magisterial pro- ceedngs.

TOWLE S . - -'ma B. y.. _ =.,--:-logiz-,,--Eir EVE i7O RE HAD OF ALL CHEMISTSJII BOXES / .. 2/9, i 0R460R SENT ANYWHERE ON RECEIPT OF 15.110R551 STAN'S Br WOK E & C.:66.LONG ROW NOTT/NCYAN.i ..

PEEK, FREAN & CO.'S "-VANESSA "' i(Regd.) BiSCUITS.

BLAIR'S GOUT AND! ,EUMATIC.PILLS-1

A LOTION MAY TEMPORARILY SooTHE,BUT A BLAIR's GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILL goes to the root of the mischief, and is really the only true remedy for Gout, Rheumatism, Sciatica, and Lumbago. All Chemists and Stores at Is. Lid. and 2s.9d.per box._

_ THE BEST P. rLESS WATCH AT £5. , ~ NsoN , 0 sSLondon1 k BANK " ' -.., ,11:-e .' Made in Silver Cases. #1 ' )'W Keyless, Three-quarter Plate ENGLISH LEVER WATCH, Chronometer Balance, all ~ latest improvements. Crystal Glass Cases, in 4 . . irdt Silver, Z 5, or in strong 18-ct. Gold Cases, £l5. - SAME PRICE OR AT THE '44- r . ' ON "ZOE Ztlitirl, 3 ~, • , SYSTEM OP ' iV' ' 4 as I% \ '''" MONTHLY PAYMENTSr-NTS , \ ' : :i At CASE Prices. WATCHES and JEWELLERY sent Free at , .___-, our risk, to all parts of the world for Cash or P. 0.0. Testimonials 4\ .'"" ~ i i iit ; Old Watches & Jewellery taken in Ezehange. -4 4' ~ i from ~ i j - ~ -,),C- . 4 Wearers .\ , ~ , / ; in all .)/1 •,, i' ..........- A 4,-.00:' , : . `,.• .: • *,•'Y i , .4 parts of the ----- '',/ ~ GOLD CHAINS (London Hall-Marked), World. = -----',:- £3 to £2O. 1 , st 1 0 00 0 RINGS :› ~, - + 0 9 _ Most Superb Stock. Pearls & Rubies, 28/- , AT MAKERS' CASH PRICES. SAYING Brilliant, Rubies, or Sapphires, £2 .15s. L BUYERS ONE THIRD. ILLUSTRATED BOOK of Watches from 355., „ii Clocks, Chains, Rings, Brooches, "Imperial Plate, Cutlery and Bags, POST FREE. \ Brilliants and Silver English _Levers, London Made, Ruby or Sapphire, from £3 10s, Single-stone Diamond Rings i J. W. BENSON , THE STEAM FACTORY— - RZ fq;;Ege r4giiiri.* ' 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL Brilliants, £l5. LONDON, E.C. Brilliants, £4 . 4s.

PITTt....'S GREAT STOCKTAKING SALE NOW ON. - ..,. . --- . , , JO' , pITTS'S IiOUSES OF FLTRNITURE at 154 - • n. , . _ ~ : ~ ~ !li' ..,.:....--,•.,., I_ 22i, 38k, ZO, 75, 100, 200, up to 3,303 guineas .. . • .i •. i . /.1. - , i -! . I • ;i, _. ,":4-ii br.:',-="-- JPRC I A. LLY AUGMENTED in QUALITY and • :It I 1117% ' 1.. W, V I 1-....-i*'ploon'ell. QUANTITY of aiticles for this Sale, far SURPASS ' 11) fulizi 1.1 ,-...• "rm.' 1 riii.-,, -..-. A.—. - othert. Full particulars and PITTo'S FURNISHING easemesumenesmommeamanimmedi Free. containing 800 artistic designs, priced, Post terieiati;TexTs:: p sst.i q,uoEt.actiloAri T only.nt Easy Payments 10 per I ell.airtise Uown. ~ ITIRTY-EIGH r I - b paY AND ing too much for furniture ' and is not being includes nice Suite in leather or saddlebags, imposing .- Sideboard. massive Dining Table. elaborate Brass Rail PROPERLY F'URNISHED Fender and Brasses, Floorcloth or Bordered Carpet, nice design ; Hearthrug, Cornice Pore, and Pair of either. The other half goes to ! Curtains. DRAWING-ROOM; Capital Suite in plain P JET. 5 aorrtfigeredcavbeilvneett.t agpreasntary oorve saddlebags, Centre TRatiger: IFender, and Fire Brasses, Cornice Pole, and of Lace Curtains, BEST BEDROOM ; Handsome Patronised by Royalty, Nobility, eic., I andzets Suite, Polished Yi alnut, Satin Walnut, or Mahogany, fitted with brass handles ; substantial full-sized Brass ARTISTIC. DURABLE ARTICLES and Enamelled Bedstead, Wool Overlay, Bolster, and at about HALF usual cost. Two Pillows ; Bordered Carpet, Toilet Service, Cornice You be wise also, and Effect Great Saving. Pole, and Pair of Lace Curtains. SECOND BED. Style— Prices— R Lowest Possible. OOM : Suite and other requisite Articles, similar fizst Possibte. to above. KITCHEN i Set of Table Chairs, Arm- - .... ___:-. __ , • chair, Table, Fender, and Fireirons. Floorcloth, and London Road -'-'3''..--'- -.' ---'-4 Established 1845. I Telephone 1124. Ilearthrug. STAIRS AND LANDING, fitted with Oilcloth, Carpet, Stair Ito is and Eyes, D ior Mats Brass Plates, 8;1. This is a splendid lot, thoroughly with any 7) guinea lot in th 11111111101111111111 M 41211011111111•111111•19 0111111111111.1) • reliable. C°3lPare it •••:, ,:iIL. 1 liii.'4,ll-31 _ln A-I,llh-iii-PW . !1115t..,,- .1 foirtl4-: -,-A---417:15*..1 7.1.' d,,iiiir, all i ~,I: NO FIRM IN THE KINGDOM CAN BRAT US FOR .• 1,.. . , .! Vier •., - • ... - -,./ if QUALITY AT OUR LOW PRICES. I, ..... ,12,1 • 1.,., (1.......4_. -_ PITTS'S, MANCHESTER. , ‘ -5., . - -- 1111111.1111111=1111214111M1111111.11 • . . .• ' .

L...,.,:„; .. ~.0. - . -.4,..vgit, ::,-,,%—.,-,4,6) ''''' . FP ER ww:*-%.-.7:,:r:Z1--:l_:•.=4-7,_';',=,.--,,,....zi tO VA. V.15..54';., A v ' ... ..4'q•.--g. TH. S ''is a ' -t )".1",..k.•;(4.4",;f21 : . -,ETLES s TinsP 3d. 6d. & 1 /,`,.

ri)ii user,Af-4,D Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Custard is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled 'Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. •NO EGGS! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

out, accompanied by several friends, and after a plea- sant run arrived at the "Swan." Several games of bowls were indulged in with great interest. After a brief stay for refreshments the party set out for home and an uneventful ride—with only one punctura—con- cluded an enjoyable outing. -- To-day the club make their annual visit to Beeston Tower where they will be the guests of Mr. John Naylor, the esteemed president. There is no more popular fixture than "President's Day" and given a continuance of the beautiful weather, there should be a grand muster. -- Tuesday evening's run will be to Glazebury. -- Great preparations are being made for the champion- ship races in connection with the Liverpool centre of the N.C.U. next Saturdayat New Brighton. The events will include the fifty miles and half-mile championships. The council of the Liverpool centre of the N.C.U. discussed an important proposal on Tuesday night. The Derby Centre has issued a circular drawing attention to the unsatisfactory condition of the finances of the union. Office expenses at London were £425 17s. 6d. during the year, and were constantly increasing. The circular pro- posed that it be decentralised and four districts formed —Leeds, Derby, Bristol, and London respectively, Mr. Pickavance (Warrington), Councillors A. A. W. Phillips (Southport), and Mr. J. G. Waldron (hon. secretary) spoke on the position. Mr. Pickavance proposed, and the meeting accepted a resolution thanking the Derby Centre for their circular, and stating that while not agreeing with everything embodied in the circular, the Liverpool Centre would heartily support any proposal brought forward for maintaining the efficiency of the union, with a reduction of the present heavy expendi- ture. -- - LIGHTING-UP TIME. To-night Sunday Monday 9.35 Tuesday 9.34 Wednesday Thursday Friday Water Polo. The Warrington teams played two matches at Everton on Thursday evening. The second contingent tried conclusions with Everton third in a third division con- test,, and suffered defeat by four goals to one. The visitors were poorly represented, and Everton proved much the superior team. Monks scored the goal for Warrington. The first team fared better in their en- counter with Everton second, and gained the victory by three goals to nil. In the first half, Warrington defended the deep end, and at half-time neither side had broken through the other's defence. On resuming, Warrington outplayed the home team, goals being registered by Warren, Allen and Boscow. The return matches will be played at Warrington on the 19th inst. The same evening he second round of the works squadron competition will be decided, the following teams meeting : Pearson and Knowles v. Fletcher's. Co-operative Stores v. Crosfield's. Rylands Bros. v. Richmond's. • Foot Racing. At the Wrexham Cycling Club sports, on Saturday, J. Hughes, Sankey Harriers (16), won the third prize in thd 228 yards flat race handifap. At the annual English championship meeting at Rock- dale C. J. Straw of Warringt )n A. C.was third lathe two miles steeplechase. S. J. Robinson, of Northampton, the holder did not run, and the first position fell to A. Russell, of Walsall, J. J. Daly, of Galway County,being second.

stances it Its little wonder that the magistrates' decision' was upheld. •It does not seem to have been generally noted that the - winning car in the Gordon-Bennett was one of the low- est powered entered. From this it would seem that the leviathans are really over-powered, and that 80 h.p. iS abont the limit which will prove practicable. By the way, it is difficult to see how England is !;o make the suggestion by which she proposes to reduce the great race to a reliability trial, pure and simple. She hse been hopelessly outclassed in a speed contest, and ,• although it may be argued that these proposals were afoot before the race was run in Germany,it will also be remembered that the most optimistic of those sch,° knew anything at all about the matter never supposed', in their wildest flights of fancy, that Germany and France were entertaining cars which would give us the faintest chance to win with those chosen to represent ourselves.

STOCKTON HEATH. [Continued from, page 6.] PARISH COUNCIL. Immediately on the close of the Parochial Committee meeting, the Parish Council met under the presidencY of Mr. Clarke. There were also present :—Messrs. J. Westbrook, T. R. Westbrook, Mclntyre, Williams, Whitley, Hallows, Mounfield, Welsby, Warburton, and ' E. Bradshaw (elerk.) THE WARRINGTON FIRE ENGINE. In reply to a letter from Mr. Bradshaw, the Town Clerk wrote stating that he was working out a scheme' of contributions from all the adjoining parishes to the expenses of the fire brigade department. LIABILITY REPUDIATED. The Clerk to the County Council wrote respecting 'damage recently done to a tree and guard in GrapPen- hall-road through a horse taking fright at a County Council steam roller. The matter, he stated,had bee" considered by the Main Roads and Bridges Committee, and in as much as the tree was planted by the Parish Council at their own risk, the committee could not recommend the County Council to comply with there- , quest of the Parish Council to make good the injury. SUGGESTED EVENING CLASSES. A letter was received from Mr. F. Ashton, stating that at a meeting of the Education Committee for the Runcorn Rural District he was instructed to ascertain from the local committees, school managers, and parish 'councils, what evening classes were suggested for the various parishes within the committee's district during' the coming session. He had written the managers of the day schools in the parish, and the Council might find it of advantage to discuss the question with theln• The Chairman said the letter was important,, and one of which they ought to take advan- tage if they could get sufficient students to attend the classes at Stockton Heath. Surely in a place of 3,000 or 4,000 inhabitants the necessary number of students should be forthcoming. He understood the cost of the classes would not be a special charge uP°l4' the village, but would be included in the county rate. Mr. Whitley said Mr. Rose had trie-1 n., laveral occa- sions to get classes together, but the siteme had nnt been a success. Mr. H. J. Wastbrook remarked that if the best classes, were in Warrington the young people would go there. It was decided that the Caairm tn, Alassrs. Westbrook. Mclntyre, and the Clerk should consult with the school managers on the matter. "A HOT BED OF PROFANITY." Mr. Hallows said the seats round the trees oppceit! the Mulberry Tree required renovating. If the seal's' near the Swing Bridge were not raised they would sooa have to be dug out of the ground. The Chairman said 'that when the trams came t° Victoria-square the seats there would have to be removed. At present they were simply places for people to loaf about. Mr. T. R. Westbrook said the seats were "a hotbed of profanity," breeding nothing but bad language. DELAYS AT THE SWING BRIDGE. Mr. Hallows complained strongly of the inconveni- ence to the public caused by only one man being employed to take charge of the Swing Bridge when it was opened and closed! Business people and working men were put to a great loss of time. When the bridg? had been closed, the people had to wait at one end until the man ran across the bridge to open the gate. Mr. Welsby thought the inconvenience would be' obviated when the tram service was introduced. The Clerk was instructed to write to the Ship Canal Company asking them to employ two men regularly ou the bridge. THE VOLUNTEER ENCAMPMENT. The Work on Salisbury Plains, The following orders will be carried out in connec- tion with the move of the Battalion to Salisbury for camp. The Quarter-Master's stores, transport carts maxim gun, ammunition, etc., will be packed by Friday night. the 15th of July. Major B. Fairclo ugh, Captain P..o'; Avery, Captain and Quarter-Matter A. F. G. Potter,sea Sergeant-Instructor Ingram, Quartermaster-Sergert: two Sergeants, two Corporals. and 30 Rank and File; also one Non-Commissioned Officer, 12 TransPortinen! two Cyclists and one Bugler as detailed will proceelltu Salisbury Plain by the 12 midnight train on the 9th July. Tne Mounted Infantry Company, cooks, cyclists, offi-i cers' grooms, as detailed, up to 100 Non-Commissio. nen Officers and men, under Captain Haslam will proceed °v ,1 10.15 a.m. train on the 23rd. Officers' chargers and private horses will be sent this train. Arrangements for horse boxes will be made by the Orderly Room. The remainder of the battalion will parade at 6-1' p.m., on the 23rd, and will proceed by two trains te. Salisbury plain. First train, Lieut.-Colonel F. A' Edelsten, Captain and Adjutant A. F. Bundock, Sergt,:: Major J. Rawlinson, Regimental Staff Band, ABCD Companies. Second train, Major J. D. Fairclongy Sergt.-Instructors Allardice and Cleaver, F' Ufl Companies, and odd details. G Company will meet the battalion at the Drill Hall at 6 p.m. on the 23rd JulY. Dress for all parties will be :—Officers: blue serge—t°' carry carbines, Non-commissioned Officers and well; marching order, with valises and forage caps. Heinle, will not be taken to camp. Pay and allowances will be the same as last ye'' subject to any deductions made by the Com- manding Officer for misconduct, &c. Five days' Pala will be issued to etch Non-Commissioned Officer ntL. man on the 30th of July, and requisition for amoun7 will be submitted by Officers Commanding Companie to Major J. D. Fairclough on the 2Sth July, on forms issued to Company Officers. Men falling out from parade will be given a ticket Forms wilt be issued to Company Officers. Instructions, contained therein will be carried out. The number t men falling out by Companies will be published Battalion Orders. To prevent sore feet each Colour' Sergeant will be provided with a roll of sticking plaste When amen raises a blisterhe soould have it immedilltr. ly covered over with this. This will give instant reit.% On arrival in camp, officers commanding companies will receive over the bedding required for their 00", e:, panies in bulk from the Quarter-Master. They will to it being distributed to each man. Postal address wh.'l,, in Camp :-Ist Volunteer Battalion South Lancashp- i Regiment, Perham Down, Andover. The Captain and Subaltern of the day,and all OrdeLlit Sergeants and Corporals will attend parades.No menit7o is allowed to go to Camp without completing rg, qualified number of drills viz. :—Trained Voluntee 10. Recruits, 30 drills and completed Recruits courl of Musketry. All drill ceases on Friday, 1504, Musketry, 16th July. All Officers, Non-commission.o_re Officers, and men should take their Battalion rout"' book to Camp. Marriages. WHITE—BOWDEN—On July 6th pAri", at Christ Church, croft, by the Rev. W. W. D. Firth, vicar, Geuti7e Frederick Freeland White, solicitor and clerk to Justices for• the County Borough of Warrinnr: second son of Henry Brown White, solicitor,Warri._t ton, to Dora Bowden, daughter of William flown°' of Gorsefield, Patricroft, Lancashire. In Memoriam, 0t In loving memory of Avice, the beloved wife William Beswick, who fell asleep, July 9th, 1903. And with the morn those angel faces smile. Which we have loved long since and lost awhile...'„,T. HUSBAND AND' CHILDB"'

•T` a ELEPHONM No. 355 Y • vie ALL 11,indA a BOOKS BOUND in aril, at, Cl.from the simplestito the moot elaborate. p'3OPECTUSES & B LANCE-SEP:kV. aY pLACARnq. in BliCk and Coloured Ink'. t' Pam ‘Liz IS trate& if required. L;OHN WALKER AND CO,, t (0"0 acntivrdeoloourr po of pPetP e "EXAMINER 'OFFICE,
