===== 0002601_19040716_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
As WEEK'S HOLIDAY IN IRELAND trior_ M FOR s. 61). 'u DRS SALOON ON STKAMSII (TO AND ,s 3 FROM LIVRRPOOL). Rail, 14 miles drive along the County `-;oast, giving an elaborate View of the Famous QlN,.ne Mountains, also Board and Lodgings in Ist othe'r Hotel. FREE PASS given to Foreman and ti°ftPabie of organising parties of ten. Further iilltb.eniars on aoplication to HARPER, NEWPORT- LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

"IkNFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers 0 well. " After one dressing I found 136 dead next morn- ing."—l. BMW!, Helethorpe, Leighton. " I killed 200 rata with Sanford's Polson."—O, Coot, Fanner. Rlleemere. " I destroyed 145 rats with it."—O. Witeore. Offord.—Send 11 2d. to SANFORD A SON, Sandy, BM.. Sold by Chemists

i•

;

===== 0002601_19040716_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
;fr\ I- - -

_

It ...____ EASY TO MAKE, DELICIOUS WHEN MADE. , -- . . lit ---•-. . .. , , .. ... . - . ~ . . . , „.. van ~ ~.. tutens-.- ~, , „4,:.„,„..,....,,L....,.. eoa ~.„3.,,..„ _. . ..... -'44-41i5J;n, If you have not tried it Buy a new 6d Tin, You will get 25 cups out of it and enjoy every cup. - BEST & GOES FARTHEST. : . -- 4 WOIitIEN'S CHAT. I i A , • The King's Host at Newmarket.—The Kin',' has this! 41 week been the guest of Mr. and Mrs. Leopoldß,othschild at Palace House, Newmarket, where his Majesty has been attending the July meeting. The King has fre- quently been entertained by Mr. Leopold, both at Newmarket, and in Bucks, where the Rothschild . ..4 . family have altogether six fine estates. Mr. Leopold , ' 1 Rothschild is the owner of Ascot Hall. near Leighton ,4) Buzzard; Mr. Alfred Rothschild of Halton Hall; Lord ' Rothschild has a magnificent estate at Tring, including a unique museum of natural history,and there as Waddes- ton Manor, which belonged to Baron Ferdinand Roths- child. There are also Aston Clinton belonging to Lord IDLE GOSSIP Battersea,who married a Miss Rothschild, and Mentmore 4 , Towers, where dwells Lord gosebery, who also married ~ 'a daughter of the famous Jewish house. Their Majesties' Unmarried Daughter.—Princess Victoria has not been much in London this season, as, r 4 ! like her sister the Duchess of Fife, she is no greatlover of society. Her Royal Highness has just entered upon her 37th year, and people are beginning to wonder how low, she will remain the only unmarried daughter of THE CORONER'S COMMENTS. the King and Queen. Princess Victoria, however, has her own private income of £6,000 a year, and is per- fectly free to follow thel life that'appeals to her. Her pleasures are "far from the madding crowd," and though never very robust, she is fond of outdoor exercise and ' country pursuits, free of ceremony and restraint. It is - - therefore easy to understand her preference for moor and stream, and Princess Victoria has been spending .. . some weeks at Alt-na-Guisach, whilst the King and .' Queen have been untiring in fulfilling the season's engagements. , c The Busy Royal Family.—Republicanism is not likely , 4 I 1t . • to flourish vigorously on British soil, so long as we have a King and Queen who devote themselves as actively to matters affecting the public welfare as their Majesties do upon all occasions. The times have gone by when men who had nothing else to recommend them were honoured solely bn account of their exalted sta- tion, but anyone would be blind indeed who did not recognise that our Royal Family have merits of their own which fully explain the popularity which they en- joy. A crown no doubt has great fascinations, but it has also responsibilities, and sometimes involves the wearer in exacting labours. Not even the enthusiasm of a loyal populace would reconcile some people to making a journey on Tuesday to Liverpool, taking part on Wednesday in a function at Swansea, proceeding to Rhyader for the inauguration on Thursday of a water supplylfor Birmingham, and opening a hall in London on Friday. Durinc, the same week several other good causes will have During of the presence of mem- bers of the Royal Family, who do not appear anxious to test in their own persons, the soundness of a recent declaration by Lady Frances Balfour, that "there is '..., i . i nobody in the world so bored and weary, as the person with nothing to do but seek for amusement." Society and Intellectual Reading.—The late Mr. G. denounce Watts, heeeee tthhee falling genet awariset an f seediepthyifloresmopher used , ud to intellectual interests, and the spread of gambling and drinking, which he regarded as the two evils of the greatest t mag- nitude. We hear of similar complaints on the part of writers and publishers of high class literature,for which there seems to be gradually diminishing demand, hut it is in vain to hope that a literary revival will be forth- coming from such protests. In former times it is pointed out, no gentleman's education was regarded as ...! ' -T complete unless he could write decent poetry, but in 1 these days the average man or woman in Society neither t I writes nor reads verse. They play Bridge, and if they read at all, it is literature of the cheap and trashy 4 , . i kind. 1 The Imperiousness of Wealth.—Tt is often remarked that the high born are the worst mannered, and it is I equally trus that they are the least considerate for 1 others. Evidencelof this is forthcoming every London season, when there are always numerous prosecutions of fashionable dressmakers for overworking their employees. An instance which is typical of most of these cases was in Court the other pay, when it was explained that the lady for whom the dress was being made for a certain occasion, could not find time to be '- fitted before the previous morning, the gown having to be home the same night. It was therefore impossible to finish it without keeping the workpeople far into the , i night, but it was not so much the dressmaker as the , inconsiderate customer, who was to blame. Had it been THE LOVE-LETTERS CASE. said that the dress could not be finished it would have , given dire offence perhaps, to a valuable customer and • , 1 her friends, and in such circumstances, the fashionable Defendant Still in Gaol. ' dressmakers generally take the consequences of laying themselves-open to a prosecution. _ _____ The Craze for the Decollete Costume.—lt is a puzzle to many foreigners why so many women who would , look charming in some simple evening frock, with a i collar, should spoil their appearance by flaunting them- selves in bare arms and necks. Abroad, it is not the custom to appear in a decollete dress at the theatres, . , hotels. and restaurants, so that the fashion appears a little unnatural to our visitors. It is really only the very few who appear to advantage in the extreme styles of evening dress, those who are not only well formed, 1 ‘ but whose freshness of youth and beauty puts them at 4, once above all criticism. For the stout, or scraggy, the , badly made, or brown-skinned,it is folly indeed to ape a style which, if the effect is not above reproach, is very apt to jar upon all sensitively-minded persons. • Accessories.—Care in the selection of accessories , , . should, if anything, exceed that expended upon gowns ' and hats. Many a beautiful and costly toilette has been , spoiled by such items as waistbands, collars, veils, .4, gloves, or footgear, and on the other hand many an inexpensive or middle-aged gown has been saved from dowdiness by the well-chosen, and well put on acces- sories. The collarless frock is no more, andlwith it has I i . -vanished—happily—the string of imitation pearls, or coloured glass beads. Collars are high. very high, and I closely fitting, but not stiff. Tiny silk covered bones, t t :.„ , keep these semi-transparent collars in position. In gloves we are 'remaining faithful to all the palest shades, and are wearing our correct size. To cram the , hand into a glove one or two sizes too small for it, is I i to proclaim oneself hopelessly behind the times. l' ' Regarding veils, these, when walking, are only worn f ~1 .draped round the brim of the hat—not over the face— : , 1 and are mostly of shaded gauze or chiffon. Hat Strings.—We seem to have taken up the mode . ; I of hat strings with more zeal than wisdom. The tulle

varieties, generally speaking, are a success, but the same cannot be said for the closely-fitting silken strings, which make their wearers look as though their heads were bandaged. These strings boast no bows or ends, at the side, the length of ribbon being carried tightly from one side of the hat to the other. To quite young people and elderly faces only, however, are strings really becoming. The woman past het first youth, and the middle aged individual, would do well to let this idea severely alone.

MADGE.

The case of Grimoldy v. Lundy came before the Vice-Chancellor (Sir Samuel Hall) in the Chancery Court, sitting at St. George's Hall on Monday. Some weeks ago the Vice-Chancellor granted an interin injunction restraining the defendant, a Wigan man, from publishing certain love-letters written by the wife of the plaintiff. Lundy having disobeyed the injunction was committed for contempt, and is still in durance. Mr. Mather, who appeared for the plaintiff, now ap- plied for judgment in default of appearance. He said the letters were left by Mrs. Grimoldy in dgfendant's house. Defendant wrongfully took possession of them, and distributed a number among neighbours and friends of the plaintiffs and other 'persons. He continued to distribute thorn after the injunction. The application, counsel said, now was that the injunction, should be made perpetual, and that the defendant be ordered to deliver up the letters in his possession forthwith. His Honour: Where are the letters now?

Mr. Mather: I cannot say. From the affidavit in support of the motion defendant has distributed twenty eight of the letters. He has not the others with him in gaol, but where they are we do not know. The Vice-Chancellor suggested to Mr. Abbott, who appeared for Lundy, that the defendant should be com- municated with. If he gave up the letters he would be released; if not be would stay in prison. From a peti- tion sent by defendant to the Home Secretary he ap- peared to be very anxious to get out, and expressed himself exceedingly sorry for what he had done; but his sorrow must be translated into acts.

Mr. Abbott having undertaken to communicate the Vice-Chancellor's view to the defendant, the case was adjourned.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
T L. HAWTHORN, JOINER AND BUILDER, f 9 • 1, LOVELY LANE, WARRINGTON. FUNERALS FURNISHED. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

UE EMPIRE FURNISHING CO., 300 AND 302, 1 STOCKPORT-RD., C.-01i-M. (Corner of MILTONS STREET), MANCHESTER, NEWER DESIGNS, BETTER QUALITY CHEAPER PRICES, and LOWER TERM Than:anynother house in Manchester, and, labove all, the DEPOSIT IS QUITE OPTIONAL. In Manchester and surrounding districts there are thousands of would-be purchasers who tremble at the idea of the Hire Purchase System.. OBSTINATE FRIENDS AND NERVOUS RE- LATIONS will say avoid the Hire System. BUT WHY? Mati Because they don't know THE EMPIRE FURNISHING CO. and their methods of doing business, and that they like to treat their cus- tomers es they would like to be treeted ; and they DON'T ASK YOU TO SIGN ANY OBJEC- TIONABLE AGREEMENT. ALSO BECAUSE, If you are ill, If you meet with an Accident. Is you lose your situation, Or have any ottier misfortuns, THE EMPIRE WILL SAY If you are unable to pay we don't expect you to pay ; and in no case do their customers ever lose the value of the money they have already paid. CaME AND SEE TEIEM, YOU NEED NOT BUY Catalogues of Terms are sent Post Freel or their Representative will call on receipt of Post ;Card.

EMPIRE, FURNISHING CO., 300. 3TOCKPORT ROAD. t. Pl 3 N 9 a.m. to 9 p.m.; Wednesday, 9 am. to 1 p.m.

- " - EXTERNAL TREAT MENT.-SIMPLE, SAFE CER.CAIN. NO HUMBUG, NO BUNKUM. G UARANTEED THE MOST WONDERf UL SPECI FOR HUMAN SUFFERING EVER PLACED MEFORE THE PUBLIC.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
VITA-LEO

CONQUERS Pain, Sickness, and Suffering, Restores and Preserves Health, Prolongs Life. AN IDEAI EMBROCATION FOR aATHLETES. VITA-LEO OINTMENT - "CURES Ba Legs, Ulcers, Sores, Wounds, Eczema, and other Skin Diseases. Blood Poison. Piles, Fistula, Lte. POST FREE : VITA-LEO is. 3d., Is. 9d., and 2s. 9d ; OINTMENT, 7d and is. Id. Direct from Manufacturers, MASSARD AND CO., 180 GREAT BRITAIN STREET, DUBLIN. Pamphlet on" Disease, Cause, Prevention and Cute" free PLEASE MENTION %MIS PAPER.

FOR YOUR HOLIDAYS.

CHOICE MILD IIiP,RTIDCIGARS.

PRICES PER J.OO CARRIAGE PAID. Planters (full size) Durbar 4 (medium size) l2/- Wbiffs (small size) EDMONDS & HARDING, CIGAR 111 POLLARs. 137, FBNCEURCH BTRERT LOND3N, B.C.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT.

BASS'S MILD AND BITITBR ALiS ALLSOPP'S WILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CAR( or BOTTUM f rom B. CUNNINGHAM' WIEWICH ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of limb CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottle., Telephone No. 179, &TONICS, OWBN STRICBT..

fßonep

ADVANCES FROM £5 UPWARDS.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
PERSONS WAITING TR nPORARY CASH ADVANCES

SHOULD NOTE THE ADVANTAGES OFFERED AT THIS OFFICE.

(1) THE DESPATCH WITH WHICH ADVANCES ARE COMF;ATED. (2) THE SIMPLICITY OF PROMISSORY NOTE. (3) THE REASONABLE RATE OF usiniracsi CHARGED.

(4) NO FINES FOR ARREARS. (5) REPAYMENTS ARRANGED TO SUIT CON VENIENCE OF BORROWERS. (6) NO BONDSMEN OR SURETIR REQUIRED. (7) ALL BUSINESS STRICTLY PRIVATE. (8) NO APPLICATION FEES. APPLY PERSONALLY OR BY LETTER. S. AUERBACH.

123, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
OF THE HIGHEST CLASS.

Customers may rely on careful attention to their requirements and the prompt completion of their orders in the best style.

MISSES WOODS,

10, RYLANDS STREET, WARRINGTON.

SUMMER SALE

COMMENCING TUESDAY NEXT. JULY 19TH.

CHILDREN'S MILLINERY, COSTUMRS.

LADIES' SKIRTS, UNDERCLOTHING, tc.

GREATLY REDUCED TO CLEAR.

rrHE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years Application to be made to the Boßomair TREASURER, VilnielDal Offices, War-ineton.

ACCIDENTS OF &lA, KIN 08, EMPLOYERS LIABILITY. ACCID NT Sc DISE A.SE Small Pox, Scarlet Fever, Tvpnoid, Diphtheria, Appendicitis &c. BURGLARY & FIDELITY INSURANC2I

B.; ILL WAY PASSENGERS'

ASSURANCE CO. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,600,000 64, CORNHILL,LoNDO rt. A. VIA. Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented aistricts. AGENTS:

Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate „ Mr. W.H. RlGBEY,Nesscliffe, Viatoria-rd.,Latchford St Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Hay dock Mr. J. BILLINGHThe Willows Sandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW Rookery Bridge Farnworth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON. Moortid House

===== 0002601_19040716_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
jtiatbmerp, etc.

pATENT OFFICE. MANCHESTER ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than 4Q years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment andpossess practical kno wledste of the cotton,woollek. and iron manufactures.

" Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price is. GEORGE DAVIES, 0.E., & SOS, F.1.P.A.. -

4. ST. ANN'S SW:IA.BB. MANCHBSTHi.

T. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMIT HD (late Ortnerod, 0 Grierson and Co.), Hu!me. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, Prtiey and Tooth Block Patterns &c., telouging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London. road Iron Works, !Manchester, ane. are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,anci ai kin, of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogue9 of Wheels and Pulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address: " Ormerod GrlArson, Manchester."

===== 0002601_19040716_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
Aionen

OOD INVIISTNIHNT OFFHRE4D ; opportunity occurs of investing £c upwards in established business. Average profits ,n each £5 invested 10s. to 20s. paid weekly. Capital returned 24 hours notice. Bankers references. BOOK, 25, WidegatA St., Flishopeg,te, London.

£5, £7, £lO, .C2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN. and all Respect- able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay bnck. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. ht. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FooT OE THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOOD WIN. .13.--Estahlish‘ll •st this \dir,,s* Twe • V.s.srs

_c-e £lO, £l5, £2O, £25, £SO.—ADVANUES 0-.0 MADE to ALL PERSONS WORTHY of CREDIT, on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TEEMS FOR SHORT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit made by our 'Maunder on same day of application who will grant you the money AT ONCE satisfactory. NOTE:

THE BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., 691 ITAYDOCK STREET NEAR THm MARKET PLAOR ItART.R°TO WN

VRONI £3 AND UPWARD'4. DoNr FAIL 10 1: GIVE ITS A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURiELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable 18 6d weekly £2O repayable 7s 61 weekly. £5 , 2s lid £59 17a 6d „ £lO :. 3s 6d „ £lOO , 3a61 „ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply in con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO.. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGERReg, Miss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. Hones, 9 ain to 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTE ,TD rt n TO

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HALEY, AND 13, NEW GATE STREET. CEI KSTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from .£lO to £l.ooo. ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE, DAETIE tS wishing for temporary CASH ADVANORS should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED TUE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD— ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSrEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO TM hl BORROW ER. THE ABSENCE OF ALL FRES. NO BILLS OF ALEI ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED. AND THE TRXNSACTIONS AR NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SNCRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative mill call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions at their own homes or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known, and my reputation stands unrivalled.

MONEY ! MONEY !! MUNKY I ! I £5 TO £l.OOO, To each and everyone a hearty Invitation is offerel before going elsewhere to call or write to me in con- fidence and convince yourself that mine is the lowest interest and lowest rate of repayment in ngland. The entire charge £5 to repay £5 6a. Od. £lO to repay £l2 O. Od. £2O ~ £24 Os, Od. 240 „ £43 Os. Od Larger sums proportionately. No hona-t1 le a oplieltion refused. For honourable and straightforward dealing apply at once to J.JRNNINGS Manager(prirate house),9,A.CADICAIY- ST.. WARRINGTON. No delay. Strictest privicv whether business done or not. Cash deliverect on day of application.. Distance no object.

IMPORTANT ANN.)IINCEMENT TO THE PUBLIC. WE ARE PREPARED TO GRANT SPECIAL TERMS TO ALL PERSONS BORROWING MONEY FROM US. Do NOT HESITATE., BUT WRITE AT ONCE, WHEN OUR MANAGER WILL (ALL UPON You AND GRANT You THE AMOUNT You REQUIRE. NOTE THE ADDRESS :1

1, EAST* STREET (NEAR THE COUNTY COURT). S!. HRLENS. Established the last, Oentorv.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
Results in Rumours of Murder at Warrington.

Baseless rumours of a murder got abroad in Warring- ton last week end and created not a little sensation. The true facts of the matter were disclosed at an inquest conducted at the Police Station on Tuesday, by Mr. S. Brighouse, County Coroner, touching the death of Thomas Flaharty, the two-year-old son of Martin Flaharty, general labourer, lodging at 29, Rodney-street. Deceased's father stated that he last saw the child alive on Saturday morning when he went to work. Later he was told that deceased had been taken ill, and when he returned home the child had died. In answer to the Coroner, he said he had not heard anything as to the child] falling downstairs. When he arrived home on Friday for dinner he noticed that the child had a mark on his head, and was told that the boy had fallen out of bed. The boy, however, was running about. Bridget Hindes, the lodging-house keeper, said that at 6.30 on Friday morning she was in bed when she heard a noise as if someone was falling downstairs. She went up to the second flight of stairs, at the bottom of which she found the boy. He did not appear to be much the worse for his fall, and she took him back to bed. He afterwards appeared to be all right until a quarter to eight on Saturday morning. She had then taken him downstairs to dress him, when he was suddenly seized with a fit in her arms. Dr. Adams was sent for, and on his arrival he found the child dead. The boy had suffered from diarrhoea for some days, but had not been medically attended. Dr. Adams said he had madea post-mortem examina- tion. There were four small bruises on the child's back, one on the left side of the chili, and two distinct ones on theforehead. There were no bruises on the neck. In his opinion, the probable cause of death was diarrhoea, resulting in a severe convulsive attack. The appearance of the brain was consistent with death from convulsions, and there was no distinct evidence that the injuries had anything to do with the cause of death. Had he seen the child before it died, he was sure he would have certified that death was due to diarrhcea. In answer to the Coroner, Dr. Adams said there were rumours all over the neighbourhood about the case, and a great sensation was created. The Coroner: Did they think it was murder ?-- Witness: Yes, strangulation. That is why I particu- larly state that there were no marks on the neck. The Coroner: It is really death from natural causes. Sergeant Barlow (Coroner's officer) said the Chief Constable had instructed him to say that diligent in- quiries had been made throughout the neighbourhood and it was found the talk was nothing but idle gossip. The Coroner: Some of these women have nothing else to do but gossip—at least they won't do it. They are more inclined to stand at gate posts in a dirty con- dition gossiping. Dr. Adams: There were fonr or five hundred people waiting outside the house when we came out after making the post-mortem examination. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
This delicious and highly nutritive Food has been used with remarkable success in the rearing of Infants, and by delicate and aged per- sons for many years. It is distinguished by the ease with which it can be digested and absorbed, and is quite different from any other Food obtainable.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
- S

Dear Sirs,

" I thought I would like to for- ward you the photograph of my son, taken after using your food nine months. He was born a fine child, but circumstances led

, "him to be-br'ought up on the bottle, "We tried several foods, btu ht "made no progress; in fact, w "had the doctor's opinion that _ _

"three months old he was small, "than at the time of birth. Ever: "thing we gave him was repeate, "back again, and he was gradual!, "wasting away. The doctor thei " ordered Benger's Food 'as a las "remedy. We immediately ob "tamed it, with the result that wi "could see he was making flesh "each week. You are at liberty to "make what use of this you please.

"Yours obediently,

Benger's Food is sold in Tins by Chemists, Stc., everywhere.

ie ie at ler et! ly ,st

===== 0002601_19040716_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, july 16 1904.

FASHIONS OF TO-DAT.,

'The July sales are ever welcome and are waited for by many well dressed women who delay their visits to the country or seaside to Iremain for this annual and most notable event

in the sartorial world. There are many real bargains to be picked up at very small prices compared to what they would have been priced at six weeks earlier, and now that the English summer hardly commences till July the dainty muslins, fascinating laces, and picturesque floral hats and toques‘will not br found at all out of date. Of course every far- seeing woman will pay her visit as early as possible in the week as after the first few days the best of the bargains are gone and the rub- bish is alone left. Let me warn all my readers and especially those who are inclined to secure something because it is cheap, to sternly deny themselves anything which is made or trimmed with soiled chiffon, for this delicate material never cleans up to look as good as new as do many other dainty fabrics. Short lengths of silk or lace of any kind are useful and can be transformed into dainty blouses or

, • ak .04 •1," • t 4c, 1 11

===== 0002601_19040716_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY LINEN BLOUSE.

other adjuncts of dress. Indeed the v..aist hand is this season quite a feature'of dress, and there are some very charming samples made with long knotted ends which fall half way down the back of the skirt which are expen- sive when bought ready made, but can be easily made at home out of a short length of silk.

The pretty linen blouse is made with box pleats down the front in the style of a Norfolk blouse, and when finished by a neat turn-over collar and silk stock looks very smart. The lincn in this case .is pale string coloured and the embroidery is done in brown. A bright brown leather belt is worn round the waist. and the silk stock is of coffee coloured -silk spotted with brown. Worn with a linen skirt to match of short walking length together witb a rustic brown straw French sailor hat and brown leather shoes nothing could be smarter for seaside or country wear. It is quite re- markable what a favourite colour brown is this season, and we see it on all sides in a variety of shades. One very smart woman has selected all her summer gowns and hats in various combinations and contrasts of different toaes of brown and pink and has all her belts,

z.:Cs s -\ , "‘,:,.. • jJ / / / N / I Zy, • C 1

===== 0002601_19040716_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
A SHADY HAT.

cravats, sunshades, and shoes of the same shades. The result is not only charming, but enables her to vary her dress in a wonderful manner by varying the hats, etc., with the different costumes.

The dainty hat sketched offers prospects of protection for the complexion of the wearer thereof from the tan or freckles which so often result from exposure to the summer sun. It is of fine white chip and is trimmed with an old yellowish lace scarf twisted round the crown and a cluster of white roses veiled in white chiffon, a strand of which is brought round the right side and carelessly knotted in front. The brim is depressed in front, and at the back, as is the case with so many of the prettiest and most becoming hats this season. The lace veil worn in the style of the earls' Victorian era is not one suited to every face, and indeed should not be casually adopted as it must harmonise with the scheme of the whole toilette, or it otherwise looks out of taste. I have lately seen some terrible in- stances of how ugly a pretty fashion like this can be made to appear when attempted by a certain style of woman who, however difficult a mode may be to achieve successfully, will attempt to exploit it and thereby renders herself as an awful example and signs the death warrant of the mode.

ti. i V li* V: to-,'"414 /1 \

===== 0002601_19040716_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
A DAINTY DRESS.

laze, for instance, the accordion or lzni pleated dress, a charming sample of which is I depicted in my last sketch. •How many of us I have not regretfully witnessed this pretty style of dress worn by the woman of generous 1 dimensions and wide build? It is distinctly a fashion designed for the slender, graceful woman who never looks smarter than when ! thus gowned, and having seen aud admired it -shown on a figure of elegant slimness the stout woman rushes at once to select a similar dresi; I without pausing to consider as to whether it ! will suit her individually. The charming I gown of my sketch is made of white voile over I glace silk, and is simply trimmed with some lace medallions and a largo bow of soft crepe

de chine in front depending iirincipally for success on the correctness of its cut and han. I These accordion pleated skirts require ca fully handling in the arrangement of the folds in order to secure the correct effcct, and should be made over a silk lining. In spite of the known disadvantages of silk, especially chine, which soon cuts and wears out its charm as a lining never fails to appeal to femininity who prefer it to anything else, however durable: CoQuETTE)

===== 0002601_19040716_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
(c)pyright.) THE DANCER'S WILL

By JEAN MIDDLEMASS,

Author of "The Yellow Badge," "A Life's Sur- render," "In Storm and Strife," "The Case of David Lisle," "The Finding of Elspeth." "Maisie's Triumph," &c.

She was a quiet little unassuming woman, always dressed in black, yet the gossip she unwittingly created was excessive. She lived in a pretty thatched cottage, which had been built in the middle of a garden, where flowers and shrubs luxuriantly blossomed. A woman of about fifty, she seemed to have no friends, and thought of nothing but her garden. Of the gossip that abounded in Freshfield, on the outskirts of which town "her little principality," as she called it, lay, she knew nothing. To the repeated questions: "Who is she ?" "Where does she come from ? " no answer was ever given. The only occupant of the cottage besides herself was an elderly woman servant, and she never gratified any curiosity. A man had been engaged to work in the garden and do any odd jobs in the house that might be required; but he was of local birth, and knew as little about Madame Rigaud as did the rest of the inhabitants. People said it was not safe for her to live in such a lonely spot with no man to protect the property at night; but Coombe would answer: "Lord love ye! there ain't nothing to protect: a few chairs and tables, hardly even a carpet; it's simple as a poor man's place; there ain't as many pots in the kitchen as I've gotten to hame. Madame's wealth is her flowers."

And he was right; they were glorious. The soil was fertile, the atmosphere genial, and Madame Rigaud's ceaseless care and cleverness in tendine, them, produced a garden of beauty of which the greatest expert .in floriculture might have been proud; in fact, but. few of them could have arranged the colours and massed them in groups as Madame Rigaud did. Yet the society of Freshfleld would not call. For some occult reason, best known to themselves, they had elected to boycott the owner of the cottage. If they had known how small was the impression their absence produced, they might have felt aggrieved; as it was, they suffered the most by their stand-offishness, since they were pining for news as to what she thought and said, about the solitary life to which they had condemned her. The only person who could give any information was the doctor. He had been called in to see old Martha, who was ill, and since that, being himself somewhat of a horticulturist, he had called occasionally to have a chat with madame about the garden. Dr. Adams was the sole link between Madame Rigaud and the Freshfleld world; yet, though she had been two years at the cottage, he knew no more than did the others from whence she had come, and, when questioned, he only answered:

"She is a most charming personality, speaks English perfectly, though with a slight foreign accent, and as for loneliness, I do not think she knows the meaning of the word." This was irritating information, to say the least of it, especially as having left it so long no one now dared to call and see for themselves this wonderful little woman, with her wonderful garden, which she seemed to be cultivating after the pattern of Paradise. Very seldom did Madame Rigaud leave her "principality" and shew herself in Freshfield. Martha or Coombe did the shoppin,g ; and, since nothing called her out of her domain, she preferred to remain within it.

A document, however, had to be signed by a Justice of the Peace—a small sum of money had been left her by a relation in France, and she could not obtain it without this signature. It annoyed her, as, silent on the subject though she was, she was fully aware that the Freshfieldites were curious and had tabooed her. That this incident would excite conversation was evident; but it could not be helped, she must face it. On a warm May morning, a dainty reticule in her hand and a white umbrella over her head, dressed as only a Frenh woman can dress, she started to walk the mile and a-half that lay between her and the house of the justice who, Dr. Adams had told her, would sign her paper. He received her unctuously and with pleasure, his wife being one of the most curious of the Freshfieldites. Madame Rig,aud was, however, on her guard, and no information was gained save that a cousin, a manufacturer in France, had lerft her about five hundred pounds. The signature as affixed, and she speedily took her departure. Delighted once more to be free, she trotted along the road, dreaming of the chrysanthemum house, she intended to build with the money on a bit of waste land at the bottom of the garden. _ .

"How she would tend and roster the curled darlings,' and, who knows, she might get a big plize " Like Pierette and her pot au bit in the well- known fable, her dream produced disaster. She caught her foot on a large stone that lay cumbering in her road, and fell. • Fortunately, she was not very far from her own gate; more fortunately still a young girl who was passing, at once came to her assistance, and set her on her feet; but her ankle was sprained. "Dear, dear lady, I am so sorry," said the girl, who was Miss Meta Franklin, the daughter of the richest inhabitant of Freshfield. Her father owned an imposing-looking villa on the hill that com- manded the town, of which the Franklins were quite the leading people. It was said that they gave themselves airs. Most assuredly Meta did not, even if the rest of the family was guilty of this social crime. She was the sweetesb. of houris, with a face full of tenderness, and which was every now and again illumined by the most bewitching of smiles. In pain though Madame Rigaud was, she could not help looking into the girl's sveet face, and think- ing she had never seen such a smile in her life before.

Meta, too, soon proved that she could be helpful .well as pleasing. "Lean on me," she said. "I am strong and big —you are such a light weight. I could almost carry you home." "I don't live very far off," murmured Madame Rigaud, who had become very white and could scarcely speak for the pain she was suffering. "I know, I know—the cottage with the green gate and the lovely flowers. How I have longed to get inside that gate, and see you and the flowers Pity, though, that our acquaintance has begun so inauspiciously." "You see me at a disadvantage—come and see the flowers. I hope no accident has happened to them," said Madame Rigaud, bravely struggling to appear at her ease, though as she put lier foot to the ground she was compelled to cry aloud from sheer physical torture. "You poor little dear!" said Meta, and, before she could be prevented, she took the tiny, fragile- looking woman up in her arms and carried her to the gate, which was only about four hundred yards distant.

Once inside it, she laid her on a garden seat, and went to summon Martha, who came in hot haste, aghast at seeing a strange young lady in the house and at hearing that her mistress had met with an accident.

Between them, they speedily placed the sufferer in a comfortable chair; but nothing would induce her to go into the 11( uie. The air in the garden would revive her, she said ; nor was she pleased to hear that Coombe had been sent off to fetch Dr. Adams. _ - -

The news that an accident had happened to Madame Rigaud, which had reached him while he was visiting a patient in the town, brought him to the cottage with all speed. "Nothing serious had occurred," he said, "but the foot would require rest for some days at least —perhaps longer. She must not walk about and look after her flowers; she must get someone to tend them for her," and he glanced at Meta Frank- lin, who beamed on them with her bewitching smile that had quite won Madame Rig,aud's heart, and said "She would do everything that was possible for the flowers." -

"She must go home now," she announced, "for they would miss her at luncheon, but would come back towards evening and do the watering." Another minute and she was gone, leaving Dr. Adams and Madame Rigaud together. "Poor dear Meta—isn't she sweet ? " he said. "Poor unhappy child!" "Unhappy, with that heavenly smile ! " exclaimed Madame Rigaud, in surpise. "It is, perhaps, On account of her smile. If she were not so bewitchingly charming, she would not be so hopelessly worshipped." a love affair. Tell me about it." Madame Rigaud delighted in the sentimental, and Meta was at. once crowned with interest.

"Oh, the old 4)et or " iler people disapprove, I t hey should do so as a mystery to be, for the ping man bears as exceedingly ,oud ellaratt,r, and is of a goGd family."

"Pon-, I suppose.!" "Jmit so ; btu thm the Fraulf.ins are so rich. What can it matter if he is L(r.oell fellow ? Meta is the only cuihl ; she lutist have all their money." "I suppose they hih expectation of seeing her wretched for life. flow many parents are thus foolish."

"Exactly, mildnine ; 1 don't think they will succeed in inak:n; lier linirry any other man. Eustace Vaal; or no one. She iias--"

"Eustace Yalu! You don't mean a ta:l, dam man, who-" Madame Rieund became so feverishly excited that she could scarcely get, out t:te words. The doctor, seeing this, and wishing to keep his patient quiet, interrupted. "Yes, yes. He was on the stage, but has now gone in for journalism. He dA this on purpose to please the Franklins ; bty, hey cannot forgive that he was once on the boards. This and his impecuciosity are indeed crimes in the eyes, of steady money-,mabbers." Madame Ilin.aud's expressive face had changed several times from white to red, and vice-versii, during the doctor's short account. He was puzzled, as he thought that some mysterious connection existed between her and Eustace Vans, whial, would probab:r bring about complications thag would stir the gossiping monotony of Freshfield into excitement, even melodrama. "Sweet Meta, with th, bewitching smile, loves Eustace Vaux," Madame Rigaud murmured, as if talking more to herself than to the doctor. It was evident she was working out a problem, and Dr. Adams, being a discreet, man, left her to it, without interruption. At last she asked: "Does he ever come here ? I have never seen him."

"Occasionally, but he has been forbidden to call at Orcott ; and, you see, machine, you so seldom go out you couldn't meet him in Fresh- field, where he sometimes loages at old Sally Taylor's. You know him ? " - "I wonder if Martha has ever seen him, or if she was afraid to tell me," murmured the little Frenchwoman, thus adding fresh fuel to the doctor's curiosity.

"He 'has not been here very lately," he said; "but several times since you came to Freshfield—. in fact, he and Meta did not know each other till after you -mine." "It is a strange world,. Dr. ...i.dams: the people in this world seem very near to each other, and yet so far away." "Exactly." But an axiom was not what Dr. Adams 7wanted at that moment. He wanted to know what con- nection existed between Madame Rigaud and tie- good-looking young fellow who was an aspirant foe the hand of sweet Meta, whom the doctor loved if she had been his own daughter. Madame Rigaud did not seem in the least inclined to tell him. He :vaitad to see if she would make any revelations ; but as she con- tinued silent and grave, as though she were in deep thought, he felt compelled to ask a question or two. "Have you seen this young ran lately? Do you consider him a fitting match fc.-: sweet Miss Meta ? " A direct answer, however, -vas not forthcoming. She only murmured: "I wish I could see him—l wish I could see him without--"

"I can easily tell him to come and see you," suggested the willing doctor. "No, no; on no account. It would be quite useless. Promise me, Dr. Adams—promise me, as you have a respect for the .secrecy of your pro- fession, that you will never allude to the secret you have surprised to-day, to anyone, in any form, or by any hint ? " "But, my dear lady, I have surprised no secret. I know nothing except that you are acquainted with this Eustace Vaux." "That is it. You must tell no one—no one, do you understand, that I ever even heard of him befire. Least of all, you must never mention my name to him, though, perhaps—" She paused for a second, then she went on more excitedly than before : "You will promise this, doctor? You will say nothing? Ala me!" And she held her hand to her head, as though oppressed by a weary pain. "I will promise everything you wish, if you will only be calm," said the doctor, who was above all professional, and was beginning to think that from this excitement owing to her accident and the shock she had received to her nervous system, his patient was ili danger of becoming feverish.

"You will not say a word ? " "I will not mention the subject to anyone, not even to Meta; and if now or at any other time you care to confide in me, I will be true and loyal. Now, will that satisfy you and enable you to rest and be at peace ? " "It is well. Thank you, doctor; but rest, peace —1? ow is it possible for those who are born of the whirlwind to be calm as mere summer zephyrs ? " He smiled at her somewhat fantastic simile; but even while he was smiling he shook his head.

"You -must keep calm, dear madame. As Igo home I will order a sedetive at the chemist's. Sleep, dear lady, sleep, that is what you require." "Sleep," she repeated. "Meta will be back before I sleep. I must see Meta." The doctor promised himself that he would manage to communicate with Meta before she returned to the cottage, mid urge the utmost dis- creti on. There was evidently some dark mystery in con- nection with this charming little woman's past life, and if, at this particular juncture, the part Eustace Vaux had played in it were not handled with the greatest care, a disastrous illness for Madame Rio•aud might, perchance; be the result. Meta received her warning, though, of course, not a word was uttered about Madame Rigaud's acquaintance with Eustace -Vaux. She went to the cottage as she had • arranged, and, being a sensible as well as a loving girl, she was fully resolved to be most • careful in her treatment of the invalid. Nor did she find that precaution would be un- necessary. Madame Rigaud' s feverish condition was by no means improved since Dr. Adams had left her. The sedative he had ordered her stood untouched on the table, the food Martha had pre- pared with no little skill and care was equally untouched; and Madame Rigaud, in a highly over- wrought condition, was living on her nerves. How long they would hold out without danger was the query. Martha, usually averse to strangers, was well pleased to see the young lady; for her mistress's condition rendered her anxious and she was glad to have someone to share her anxiety.

Not that Martha could induce Aladame igaud to eat. It seemed as though the food would not pass her white, parched lips—they would do nothing but talk, talk, endlessly talk. Yet she was not delirious—the overwrought brain was quite clear and there was no fear of her betraying secrets she did not wish to tell. Her object, apparently, wv to draw Meta into confidence, and to be told ak there was to know about Enstace Vaux.

When is a girl unwilling to talk about her love affairs when sympathetically invited to do so? Poor Meta I There were not many people to whom .the dared mention Dist ace Vaux's name, and, after the first preliminary shyness was over, as in one gush, she gave the history of her love to her new friend. .How she had met him, where she had met him, wliat he had said—it was all graphically told; and with each new revelation Madame Rigaud's tem- perature rose, and the fever that seemed to rage in her very brain increased. Meta, had she known it, was scarcely acting on the doctor's warning. She was too much engrossed in her subject to notice symptoms a. much as she would otherwise have done. Had not Dr. Adams told her to amuse Madame Rigaud and keep her from thinking about herself ? "How could ahe be thinking about herself while she was listening to the account of a new acquaint- ance's lore for a man who, till now, she had not even known by name ? " Thus Miss Meta would hate reasoned if she had reasoned at all; as it, was, she proceeded to give an account of Eustace s sayings and doings with a feverishness that almost equalled Madame R4att.a's raging condition. • For the first time since they had bean in ths cottage garden, the flowers that evenisg were total forgotten. The talk of Enstace Van; his virtu* and his fortunes, went on, till Meta was at last compelled to kiss her new friend good-night, and run off home. "It will be all right, dear love; be happy," said the little woman, as she returned the kiss, making Meta, however, start, as the touch of her lips seemed to burn. "0 madame I" she cried. "I have been talking l tooikueDcmoo hualchsoto f—ybfioeruer.c,oc, nh ce eerkns e ared. dse casrr leeht da.n d It your ui is =ley:

llesolne-vrhat.

lint, pain in my au Love your Enstace an,l "Bring him to see you ? Some day, dear madame, I shall hope to di, " Madame Rigaud •

it-No one ever comes 'a see me," she said, a little sorrowfully. "'1 he good people of Freilarreld haim put their veto on the dancer.' "A dancer! You are a dancer, madame?" "Yes. Now you know the secret that has been exercising everybody's mind for two years." "I will guard .it.faithfully." _ . .

"I care riot, child—l caile not—but since you have come within Celestine Rigand's gates, it is only right you should be told something of her .intecedents." .

"And I will come again," cried Meta, enthusi- astically. "You are sweet and dear, as well as graceful and charming. " _

- "You will not come- often, dear." "Why not? I will, I will—so often that you sill tire of me." _ _

But Madame Rigaud shook her head. She had -crown much calmer, though the hectac spots still Airnt on her cheeks.

One mOre-li;;;ing—embrace as if they had been 'Ad, old friends, and Meta was gone on her way, rejoicing in the sympathy and the friend she had found.

Short lived, however, was her joy. Next morning the news was circulated all over Fresh&ld that Madame Rigaud was dead. People could scarcely believe it. She had seemed so instinct with life, so_ unlike anyone

who would die suddenly, Nevertheless, it was true. When Martha took her an early cup of tea, she found that she had passed away. Of course, Dr. Adams was summoned, and an autopsy was necessary. Rupture of a blood-vessel in the heart had been the cause of death, he told those who asked him— with a sigh. He had conceived a great partiality for the charming little Frenchwoman, and he almost regretted that he knew aught of the fatal excitement that had conduced to this issue. Martha, who was supposed to be in Madame Rigaud's confidence, was, of course, asked about her relations, but between sobs she said she knew nothing save that madame was a widpw, and that she had been known as Mademoistlle Celestine, the dancer. _ _

The revelation was startling, even to the doctor, who forthwith began to search in a bureau which stood in madame'S bedroom, hoping that he would find some clue as to who ought to be communicated with. _

..-ku-stace Vaux ! A packet to be given him when she was no more! _ _ _

As it happened, Eustace Vaux was in Freshfield, staying at Sally Taylor's lodgings for a few days. Dr. Adams had seen him that very morning. He sent for him to come at once to the cottage. He obeyed the summons with leisurely speed, wondering as he strolled along, the morning being hot, what he could possibly have to do with the demise of this Madame Rigaud, of whom he knew nothing, save that she and her doings Were a never- failing subject of Freshfield gossip. He had not yet seen Meta or heard of the accident of the previous day. Dr. Adams was waiting for him at the garden gate. The requirements of all his patients paled before the glow of his desire to know something of the relations that existed between Madame Rigaud and Eustace Vaux. _ _ _

"Why have you sent for me ? " asked the young man, in a surprised torte. "She left a packet for you." A. packet for me ? " "You knew her well ? " "I was not even acquainted with her. Knew nothing of her save from report. What can it mean? " -

; "Come in and open the packet." Eustace Vaux, by this time, was well-nigh ac curious as the doctor, and a tremor agitated his whole frame as he took the packet from Dr. Adams's hand and opened it with nerveless fingers. ; For a minute or two there was stern silence as they stood together in the pretty drawing-room, where the lovely blossoms with which the dead woman had filled it, seemed to mock at grief with their fragrance and beauty. Eustace Vaux was reading eagerly and rapidly a document the sealed packet had contained. As he read his face grew whiter, and the lines on it—they were scarcely youthful lines—hardened. "She was my mother," he said at last, in a strange, hushed voice. "Your mother!" repeated Dr. Adams, who was by no means prepared for such a startling announcement. -

"If I had only known—if I had only known, how I would have loved her! See, here is the certificate of her marriage with my father, July 18th, 1864. Celestine Rigaud and Henry Yana."

I "But you, my dear young friend, why did you never know her ? "

"Because she was a dancer. My father died when I was a few months old, and my grand- father, who wished even to ignore the marriage, took me to Jive with him, and be educated on condition she never saw me again. I was a Vaux —a poverty-stricken Vaux—and she consented to part with me because she believed I, like the rest, should inherit the pride of race. Here, Dr. Adams, read her poor dear confession.for yourself." He sat down in an armchair and covered his face with his hands. "My mother! God only knows how I have longed for a mothrr. Poor troubled darling, and to think she too was alone, and they told me she was dead." Again there was silence while Dr. Adams read the astonishing narrative. When he had finished it, he said: "She never married again, but retook her maiden name of Rigand. Simple, brave, loving heart." "I bequeath to my dear legitimate son, Eustace Vaux, everything that I possess, and make .him the sole executor of my will. t "Signed Celestine Vaux née Rigaud, and attested by the two servants." Such was the dancer's will, at which the two men sat blankly staring for awhile, too surprised to realise the change in his fortunes that these few hours would bring about for Enstace Vaux. It was not till some days later that the full knowledge came—not till they had laid Celestine Rigaud to rest among the flowers she had loved .go well, and which were carefully arranged by Meta's lhiring hands, that inquiries anent her affairs were made by the active-minded doctor. Eustace Vaux was so overcome that he was quite worn out. Not even when he WAS told that the money left by the well-known Mademoiselle Celestine was a considerable eini, and that he would be the lucky possessor of at least a thousand a year, did ke seem to get over the loss of the mother lie had never known. Meta alone could soothe and comfort him, as she told him over and over again all the incidents of that last day of life, when she had become acquainted with the dear little woman she mourned as though she had been an old friend. . Thee, however, cures sorrows, and changes sur- prises into accepted facts. No further objection to her mairiage was Made by Meta's family. "Wite he not a Vaux, and almost a rich man?" ...;;at his mother's blood flowed in his veins, and he had sought the stage for a living, they elected to forget. In the autumn, before the blossoms began to fade, the marriage rites were performed, and the young couple took up their residence in the cottage around which the flowers were tended as lovingly as of yore, and where, before many weeks had passed, the chrysanthemum house was built in memoriam of her who had passed out of their lives before they had learnt fully to appreciate all her worth. [Tam END. I

===== 0002601_19040716_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF EX-PRESIDENT KRUGER.

Brussels, Thursday. Ex-President Kruger died at Clarens, Lake of Geneva, at three o'clock this morning. The cause of Mr. Kruger's death was pneumonia, complicated by heart disease. He was staying at the vViisliltaor. Dsuboon ches.nnUdapy a change for the worse set in, and to Saturday last he was attending to his affairs, reading the newspapers, and receiving his strength declined. On Monday he lost conscious- ness, and the end came at three o'clock !,his morning. During his illness he was tended by his dhughter,Mrs. Eloff, and his son-in-iaw,Mr. Eloff, his own medical man Dr. Heymann, and his secretary, Mr.BTedel. The body is being embalmed, and this afternoon it will be taken in the mortuary at Clarens. An application will be made to the British Government for authority to trans- port the remains to the Transvaal, and meanwhile they will be temporarily interred here.—Reuter.

FAILURES IN ENGLAND AND WALES.—According to "Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the total number of failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, July Bth, was 158,viz.:—New Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the London Gazette, 79 ; Deeds of Arrangement registered. 79. The respectiv e numbers in the corresponding week of last year were: Bankruptcies, 92; Deeds of Arrangement, 60—Total 152; being a net increase in Bankruptcies of 186. and a net increase in Deeds of Arrangement in 1904, to clate,of co 8.

c;) 0 irreg toe Awarded Certificatelof Meritlfor the cure of bsve ties, ar.mmia, and all female complaints. T14,6s approval of the Medical Profession. Beware 0. wraproA, 7.be only genuine and original are in White PaPerY/mitati ie. oev• Boxes is id and 2s 9d of all chemists, or bv .40 strTs's and 2s. 10d. Makers, 0 and G KEABBLEY, 17, pl):0 00100 sold in tu Westminster. [Note White Wrapper.]

TOWLES -2,11:_flol.&_ MBE MD OF ALL CHEM/515.1H Br OR4 6,0 R SENT ANY WHERE ON RE STAHFS BY EI:TOWLE &C; 6SLO,'QITw KEARSLEY'SOOYEARS.REPUTATIOII re. WIDOWFEMALE W. PILLSE L. H S

===== 0002601_19040716_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
- Cost 1/-- SaAre 10, Wood-iligne Prevent Nerve Jar ant Fatigue and D u ! the

roue- 600t3

Revolving HeeCreatc ls

Smarter

Appearano EASILY FIXE Viii at,ind 12 mot ordinary --

None genuh. unless SLELMI .WOOd-rdline 0 face. Sold • where

•-- ,n...,< -4, -4.-• ~,. .. ~. • , ;1' • 4-4.,41-.'1%.~,.,*.e.A'--., •• p,!5.:4,-,--Kel - • •, , • • Life of yc, ~, -,-,•44,3-, . • . v AilWilliELK.L. '2IIWMADA . , ......-• --.........."'". )1 t. .i.',.•.1._4_' .t." -1".":::' ~......,.......,....a.,„. 1.1 '............."..----• .......r...""_____.„ - ...--,-- ;e ;•:''''''' ----___ a... 0.. 1) :. --..._ ..=•_—_. ..... ~.., ......... ......, ............ . w nos -,,, ____ ........... -- ...........: in %sea6r. c,,,,^0 —__- ." ." ..• ev, . ' '....................1, mped ~,.,,,.,„. "...'4,............." the ' d every- ' SPECIALQUAUTY -

===== 0002601_19040716_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENTS OF THE WE.Ezz.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
LONDON'S ROMAN BATH.

It is not generally known that London is he possessor of a Roman Bath some 2,00 C YearS old and which is filled by a continual flow of spring water. Such, however, is the case, the bath in question being situated in Strand Lane, opposite the Church of St. //lazY-le-Strand. The lane is one of the 1110 st curipus of all the curious lanes that Ina out of the Strand. Some five yards ;Toad, it wriggles its way down the Em- bankment, between modern hotels and inediaeval dwelling-houses, with many a Painful twist and contortion. A funny little 11°ase that must be very old is built right over it, the first floor forming the roof of an archway, and looking down upon the southern end of the lane from behind a Pretty green - latticed verandah hung l'ith climbing plants. The Roman bath

leaves England snortly to pay a visit to the Queen of Roumania, who is passionately fond of .him. While at Neuwied with "Carmen Sylva," the poet-queen, they are to collaborate in a grand opera on the sub- iect of Joan of Arc, she writing the libretto and he the music. His return to this country next year will be eagerly looked forward to by all lovers of music.

. _ .....-- ..- .• 1 :-_-----:------ il. .i...___.._-----•-r ' 11 i 1;1-, ', 1i I, _---,-----7,--F -_- - ...... # a ~, ~ ,•:-, .. , :.;;,',6 00,114,------ ---- 111 1 .0.81.,,.„04).ttL ~-.•-,:.L4 i.. 1- [Ott 401111 i_Y--., -Y-1-123'1 ~•..;_;001,0,101,10,, ft „Inv, ,11777- .1‘„-,„," - -----/ _ . / ----- : 7--/____--- ----". 4, ---- . • -..._,._..._/ 11 ~'''':l4\

\

===== 0002601_19040716_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
ROMAN BATH SOME 2.000 YEARS OLD.

Is on the left, just beyond the arch. It is. 24 ft. broad and 30 ft. long, with a vaulted rotx, and the only natural light is supplied by an .karched window, almost closed up with iron ~uars. The floor is of stone, and gives a +herd margin rouild the edge of the bath. I,he latter takes the same shape as the Chamber. it is about five feet down to the 31:1arble bottom, but the water in it is regu- !,ated to a height of three feet. You enter , 1 by five stone steps, at the top of which stands a large upright stone where doubtless 1111..,any an ancient Roman has sat and dried noble self. On the further side of the .• th, the wall in rising makes two ledges on oich are four busts, including one of the • Xl of Essex, and one of a lady.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
HENLEY REGATTA.

Henley this year after an unpromising, °Pening day, when the weather, though fine, Was cloudy and the attendance poor, proved as brilliant a success as ever. The other tWo days were gloriously fine and hot even on the water: and the racing was good. though often at Henley that is onlyregarded as an adjunct to the social enjoy- mentof the river carnival. The great sporting event of the week occurred, as is often the case, not in the final heats, but on the second day, when Scholes, the Canad i an sculler, defeated F. S. Kelly, the unbeaten holder of the Diamond SCHOLES, WINNER OF Sculis, in the THE DIAMOND SCULLS. second round. It was a great

race, but a-hun- dred yards from the v.inning post Kelly tracked up from want of training and had IC) be lifted out of his boat. In the final Scholes beat Cloutte, cutting the record for the event down by six seconds: but it must be admitted that all the circumstances were Particularly favourable. In the Stewards' Cup Third Trinity, the winners of the final, tied' the record, but could not beat it. It was a great week all round for Cambridge oars- raanship. Leander, which was mainly com- Posed of Cambridge men, paddled home easily from New College in the final of the Grand Challenge Cup, which is always the greatest event of the regatta. Coins College, Cambridge, won the Thames Challenge Cup from St. John's College, Oxford: and Third Trinity annexed the Visitors' Challenge Cup and the Silver Goblets. However, First Trinity Were beaten by the Eton Boys in the Ladies' I)late after a desperate finish. This result Was very popular: and the Etons crew this Year is a very fine lot. Birmingham's new comers to Henley made a successful debut, 'winning the Wyfolds from the Thames Rowing Slub. The only thing that was missed was 'he international element. But Henley, /leverless, provided interesing racing and vrai .4* grand all-round success.

/0 • 2 \

===== 0002601_19040716_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER VIOLINIST PRODIGY

This has been a musical season full of Youthful prodigies fof an exceptionally high order. Of these Franz von Vecsey stood out fir st until challenged by the debut of Florizel d9Reuter, and between them the two boys 7,_l.vide the premier honours. Both are _violinists of the most precocious skill and, in Vdition, compose. 'Florizel von Reuter is a .Ijight, curly-headed German boy of twelve, bef 110 made his mark upon. the Continent pi -ore coming to London. He first showed of his great ability at the age of three, after preliminary instruction was put glider Ysaye, who pronounced him the most Zarvellous geniis he had ever known. Upon s arrival in England, 4e was summoned 11; Buckingham Palace to play to Queen 'exandra, who is devoted to music and

. I / ~..,,it‘ . V ''',. , , ,-= ,- ~-#1 ,1 ,' k .4, . / :----___,- ,(fr" 7-.;.,t4.1 i; t., I.• ./ .., ... ~...1-.:, • 1. i ://i lil • illi i' fill tt' I /111711iiiC 1 I ' ,i '

===== 0002601_19040716_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
FLORIZEL VON REUTER.

hiJ , t'ren and had already heard Franz von 11,1eac.*eY in private. So pleased was Her iestY with little von Reuter that she was to—Lent at his first concert at Queen's Hall kis ilear him not only play violin solos, but or ° Conduct his own symphony with a fuil I,7c3llestra, For one so young this " Sinfonie viokale " is quite a remarkable piece of cor,c-.e• Since then he has given several rts which have fully borne out the ili°llrable first impressions he created, and tuce visit to London has been a marked ess in every way. Florizel von Reuter

===== 0002601_19040716_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GOVERNMENT AND ARMY REFORM.

This week the subject which is uppermost in the public mind is the question of Army Reform, and by the time this is in print, if nothing intervenes, Mr. Arnold-Forster will 'lave made his long-deferred statement on the !ntentions of the Government. This new scheme seems to be one full of the most radi- ,:al alterations,

and it is likely

to meet with

considerable op- position on both

ides of

House. Accord-

ing to the best

information the

Secretary for War proposes

practicelly

wipe out the _

iilitia and to :-educe the Vol- unteers by one

_.,..,..........

luarter, at the

, ,

, ttc ••••• • ~,410111110 -

===== 0002601_19040716_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
ENERAL

ame

'mocking

time

SIX-

LYTTELTON.

teen battalions off the Regulars of which twu are to come from the Guards. The garrison in South Africa is to be reduced by five li.cinanc-1 men, and all the foreign garrisons re similarly to be treated. This is the out- The of the new scheme, as foreshadowed by hose in the know. Last week Mr. Arnold- Forster and General Sir Neville Lytteltori, the dor member of the new Army Council, re received in audience by the King, and in the evening the latter made a remarkable -Teech on the subject at the first annual South African dinner. The British Army was Ince again in the melting-pot, he began, and :le frankly admitted misgivings as

to t'n:

cit. that was, speaking- as an old soldier

lil fl'-)t as senior

member of the Arm

Coi;ncil. The best that could be done under r.he circumstances was being done, but tlun-e wa, such a thing as making bricks without :traw, and this year both men and money ,vere short. Since the war it had pr)ved impossible to get the best men for the Army; lnd General Lyttelton • thought, in his ,:a.pacity of a private individual, that things were tending to compulsory service. Though the public would not like it and any Govern- ment would be frightened of tackling it, it would force itself upon the public notice ere long. It was a truly remarkable speech in every respect and hardly a promising preface to Mr. Arnold-Forster's statement of this week, and one is inclined to wonder how far it was generally appreciated in official quarters.-

===== 0002601_19040716_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
CHERTSEY ELECTION RESULT.

After a stubborn fight, the Chertsey con test has resulted in the return of Lord Bingham, the figures at the declaration of the poll reading: Lord Bingham (C.), 5,425 ; Mr. T. Sadler (L.), 4,876. Excitement ran high while the counting was in progress and every hour brought up fresh motor-cars, fresh carriages, and fresh cyclists, all bright- ened with Liberal blue and white or Con- servative orange and purple. Lord and Lady Bingham and Mr. and Mrs. Sadler were in the Town Hall, and to the delight of their respective partisans were occasionally seen at the windows. One little incident pleased the crowd greatly. Lady Bingham was seen on the balcony in smiling conversation with Mr. H. H. Longman, the defeated Liberal candi- date at the last Chertsey election. The nev, member is the eldest son of George, fourth

•

if

geGIV- at'M Pi

===== 0002601_19040716_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD BINGHAM, M.P.

Earl of Lucan, K.P., by his marriage with Lady Cecilia Catherine Gordon-Lennox, daughter of the fifth Duke of Richmond, KG., and was born on December 13th, 1860. He was educated at Harrow, received a com- mission as second lieutenant in the Rifle Brigade in January, 1881, and obtaining hiE step in following July, served with thE Bechuanaland expedition in 1884-5. Lord Bingham was an aide-de-camp to the Duke of Connaught at Aldershot, and attended HiE Royal Highnest when he represented Queer Victoria at the Tsar's Coronation at Moscow. He has been a lieutenant-colonel of the Ist City of London Volunteer Rifles since 1901. Lord Bingham married in 1896 Violet, only daughter of the late Mr. J. Spender Clay, o! Ford Manor, Lingfield, and of Mrs. Beresfori Melville.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TIBETAN CAMPAIGN.

After the armistice in Tibet, which no on( took too seriously, General Macdonald re- sumed hostilities last week, and now it ap- pears certain that the expedition will 13( forced to proceed all the way to Lhassa. It is now impossible to turn back; and, what. ever the cost, t heGrand Llama

will have to be reduced to sub-

mission. All along the Tibet- ans have been

relying upon the

idea that their

s+rongholds

were impreg-

nable, but gy

degrees General Ilacdonald is

showing them

their mistake.

The jong at

Gyangtse,which GENERAL MACDONALD; he took by storm, is one of the strongest forts on the way to Lhassa, standing six hundred feet above the plain, and rising sheer in many places. On it stands, or rather stood, the monastery of Poukhor Choide, which is one of the most important in the country, but it is now re- duced to ruins. The new mountain guns, which are far more powerful than those ori- ginally sent with the mission, made great play.upon the walls of the fortress and carved a great breach in one side of it, and then the order was given to charge. The ascent was a terrible affair, difficult under the most fav- ourable circurhstances, but the Fusiliers, with the Ghoorkas and the Pathans, carried it with a glorious rush, Lieutenant Grant being first through the breach, although he was knocked off his ieet by a stone. Once inside, it resolved itself into a desperate hand-to- hand conflict with the Tibetans, who fought with great ferocity, and it took some hours to clear them all out of the various nooks and crannies. It was a g,loriou‘ feat of British arms, and is worthy to take rank with Dargai. Our casualties included Lieutenant Gurdon, of the 32nd Sikhs, killed, and several officers wounded more or less severely, amongst whom was gallant Lieutenant Grant, who led the assault; but, on the whole, considering the position stormed and the dogged resist- ance, our losses were very small. Now the expedition is ixady to push on, unless the Grand Llama has learnt his lesson and con- sents to treat; but it will mean a series of hard fights before Lhassa is reacbedi

I - .00 //

===== 0002601_19040716_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

TUB most pleasant form of entertainment during Summer .I. is the Garden Party, with its charming amusements of Lawn Tennis, Croquet, Badminton, and Lawn Bowls, every requisite for which is made in its greatest perfection by the famous manufacturers. GEO. G. BOOZY Fc Co. Ask local , Sports Outfitters for their Catalogue. If not procurable, , apply to 36 & 38 Queen Victoria it., London. Factories— Peckham, London; and Bimswell. Suffolk.

SOUTH AIANCHESTER V. WARRLNGTON.—Warrington gained another decisive victory at the expense of South Manchester on Saturday. Score :

SOUTH MANC [JESTER. .WARRINGTON. E. W. Dann run out 55 Lynes c and b Tait ... 22 A. Whittles st Hampson P. B. Hawtin c Mason i• b Lynes 0 b Dann 6 IC. L. Fabel b Lynes 0 T. Wright st Mason b I W. S. Mason lbw b Pod- Dann 1 more R. Wedlake b Podmore 0 F. Barber lbw b Tait 0 ;J. D. Moss run out 'H. Farrar b Lynes 0 b Tait A. E. K. ()rice not out... 17 W. Richardson c Mason J. Boddan b Lynes 3 b Whittles F. Tait hit wkt b Lynes 2 J. Callon not out 37 IC. H. Mellor b Bibby ... 0 J. NV. Bibby not out Extras Total 94 Total (for 7 wkts)ls2 BOWLING ANALYSIS. SOUTH MANCHESTER. WARRINGTON. 0. M. R. W. O. M. R. W. 1 Lynes E. A. Connor ... 6 015 0 Frise W. H. Podmore 4 110 2 Dann 9O 39 2 !J. W. Bibby ... 6 020 1 Fabel 3l 15 0 Whittles Wedlake WARRINGTON v. WIGAN.—At Warrington On Thurs- day. Score:—

WIGAN. WARRINGTON. H. G. Rushton c Dutton F. C. Johnson b Iddon 25 b Wright Needham b Lynes 2 W. H. Podmore c Ains-

T. Ainscough t Lynes ... 97 cough b Iddon 0 Dr. Campbell • Wright b Lynes b Scaife Hampson J. Preatt lbw b Hampson .1 J. Callon b Scaife 0 H. Pennington c and b T. Houghton c Good- Hampson L. Ball b Hampson W. Goodwin c Connor b Hampson Iddon b Hampson J. S. Martin b Hampson 17 .... 19

'H. Scaife not out Extras 2l

Extras ....

_ Total 136

i Total 266 BOWLING ANALYSIS. WIGAN. WARRINGTON 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. i t Lynes 26 4 77 2 Goodwin 5 1 9 0 IW. H. Podmore 7 046 0 Needham 9 320 0 IT. Wright IJ. Callon 3 0 8 0 Iddon 1 Denton , G. Hampson ... 11 333 7 1 tin rt ARRINGTON V. SOUTH MANCHESTER (SECOND 1 ELEvms.)—Played at Warrington. Score : SOUTH MANCHESTER. WARRINGTON. tF.H. 0 verman b Bennett 0 T. Houghton lbw b IF. Jackson cs and b Craven I Bennett 4 L. R. Connor b Craven 8

J. Hulme b Thewlis 1 J. Thompson c Thomas iH.L. S. Moore not out 18 b Johnson l9 lA. L. Craven b Thewlis 0 A. Thewlis c Simonsen . J. Gibbs c Duckworth b b Gibbs I Plinston IG. Thomas b Plinston B. Bowen b Thompson 0 b Moore l6 J. F. Johnson b Plinston 4 A. Duckworth run out 28 L. Taylor c Thompson b B. Pierpoint run out 3B Plinston J. L. Simonsen b Thomp- H. Watkins run out ... 0 son .... . 1 D. Plinston did not bat 1 Extras

Extras

Total, 5O

Total (for 9 wkts) 172

MONKS HALL (WARRINGTON) V. BOLD-STREET (WARRINGTON) WEsm:YANs.—Played on the ground of the latter. Score :

MONKS HALL. WESLEYANS. Evans b Moorfleld 4 Moorfield b J.Daintith 0 J. Pennington c Massey Chester bJ. Daintith... 10 b Jones 3 Daintith b J. Daintith 5 Wooley o Daintith b H. Hands bJ. Daintith 0 Moorfield 0 Brown b Evans 2 J.Daintith lbw b Moor- Robinson b Daintith lO field Winstanlev b Jones 2 Massey b Wooley Foster b Moorfield ...... 4 Nelson e & b Daintith 0 J. Smith not out Booth b Jones 4 A. Daintith b Wooley 0 Todd b Moorfield

Randles b Massey 0 Deakin c & b Massey 0 Extras

Total ...... .. 26 Total PENKETH FRIENDS' SCHOOL V. ST. PAUL'S WARRING- TON.—PIayed at Penketh on Saturday. Score : ST. PAUL'S. PENKETH SCHOOL. Dawson b Proud ll Mr. Proud c Lawless b Ward c Walters b Brown 1 Forster Parkes c Macnally b Mr. Houghton b Law- Proud Mason b Brown lO Waites b Lawless ... ... 0 Lawless c VVaites b Mr. Maudesley b Law- Brown Forster c and b Proud... 3 Mr. Thorpe b Forster 0 Barker b Brown 9 Mr. Brown not out... 6 Bate st Waites b Proud 1 Dacre b Lawless 4 Seed lbw b Houghton... 19 Escolme b Lawless 2 Mann not out 9 Howard b Lawless ...... 0 Gardner b Brown 1 Kelsall b Lawless ...... 0 11 Macnally c Dlwson b Forster Extras

. Total Bl Total GuA.RDIA's " OFFICE, WARRINGTON V. ORFORD BARRA C KS, W ARRINGTON.—PIayed it Wilderspool on Saturday. Score :

ORFORD BARRACKS. " GUARDIAN" OFFICE. Corp. Meade h Burrell 6J. Moss b Bloor .... . 2 Sergt. Stone b Burrell... 9 W. Massey c Kemp b Sergt.Davenport c Free- Stone 4 man b Burrell 1 C. Gelderd not out l5 Col.-Sergt. Sinclair c 8: b C. Burrell c Williams b C. Woodhead Sergt. Millard b Burrell 9 W Fell c Meade b Stone 2 Col-Sergt Hampton,V.C. W. Haddock b Bloor c Massey b Fell 2 C. Woodhead b Stone... 3 Pte. Williams lbw b C G. Freeman b Stone ... 0 Woodhead L.-Corp. White bC.Wood- b Bloor 0 head L.-Corp Hayward not out 9 Stone Pte.Bloor b C Woodhead 8 J. Movvatt c Whits b Pte Kemp c J. Woodhead Stone 0 b C. Woodhead 8 Extras , 7 Extras ............ 2

Total 7O

Total ......... 31

• CROSFIELD'S v. LATCHFORD BAPTISTS.—Played on the ground of the former at Arpley._ Score:—

_ CROSFIELD'S. LATCHFORD. E. W. Warren c Lester b J. Hunt b Atherton ... 0 Hunt 0 A. Albinson b Dargan 7 T. Atherton c Cox b 4 E. Wirrell h Dargan ... 1 Conway T. Whitfield b Cox E Cliffe b Dargan 0 J. Dargan c Starkey b 2 J. Lester b Atherton 0 Hunt ... G. Heald b Dargan W.Brownlc Albinson bCox 1 J. Conway run out T. Dixon b Cox E. Unsworth b Conway 7 Dargan 0 G.Podmore c and b Cliffe 0 J. Starkey not out 0. Dickenson lbw b Cox 11. Spensley st Warren b W. Spensley c Whittle b Dargan Conway 5 H. Newell not out 2 Extras . 52

0

Total

Total 29

FLETCHER RUSSELL'S V. MERSEY-STREET CLUB.— Played on Saturday. Score :—Mersey-street, 56 (Rutter 23) ; Fletcher Russell,so (Grainger 16). WYCLIFFE CRICKET CLUB V. GREEN BANK CRICKET CUM.—Ending in a win for the former by 46 to 23.

H. Rowles 6 T. Bretherton l5 J. W. Mercer W. Andrews lO G. Higham l5 John Weston

Total 152 Total 141 Majority for Fearnhead, 11. PENKETH PARK. BULL'S HEAD.

J. Atkinson l5 H. Fogg 9 J. Bowyer W. Goulden l5 J. Bird J. Graham J. Appleton 3 G. Ball J.Wareham .. l3 J Worsley (jun.) l5 J. Higham l5 W Simister l2 S. Shaw (capt.) l5 A Gleave l4 A. Woods ll E Shaw 15 H. Higham E. Bond l5 J. Worsley (sen.) l2 T. Swift , 15 H. Shaw

Total 158 Total l5l Majority for Penketh, 7.

BROOKLANDS. , SANKEY CHAPEL HOUSE. J. Millington l4 R. Mynekyme ....- ...... 15 R. Jefferson . R. Healy T. Brooks 9 J. Sparks l5 R. Baker NV. Jones R. Williamson l4 J. Unsworth J. Jackson l5 J. Golding T. Rigby J. Hutchinson l5 W Forster W. Savhge A. Webb

Total l6l Total 140 Majority for Brooklands, 21.

WARRINGTON WORKS COMPETITION.

SEMI-FTNAL.

The semi-final was played off on the green attached to the King and Queen Hotel, Padgate-lane. The result was a victory for Pearson and Knowles No. 1 aver Rylands No. Iby a majority of 29 points, while the Cheshire Lines defeated Houghton's Wire Works by 28. The following were the scores : PEA.RSON & KNOWLES NO 1. RYLANDS NO 1.

Chas. Littlewood W. Bowering Wm. Mee ll Jno. Shaw l5 Peter Ball l5 Jno. Ashton ll Jas. Hardman J. Worsley Jas. Jennings R. Rothwell 2 Fred Miller l5 J. W. Worsley l5 Wm. Rougeley 7 Tom Davies l5 Jas. Wood (captain) ... 3 Geo. Ball (captain) H. Williams l5 R. Knight l2

Total 154 Total 125 Majority for Pearson and Knowles, 29. HOUGHTON'S WIRE WORKS. CHESHIRE LINES.

Gilbert Ellison William Hall Tom Harrison 4 George Higham l5 Jos. Harrison. (captain) 15 J. W. Monks Jno. Taylor 1 J. Holbrook l5 Nathan Cook Jas. Harrison A. Cooper ll Jno. Monks (captain) 15 Geo. Rutter l5 W. Skelhorne Sam Fletcher Ar. Bellian W. Foster 8 H. Taylor l5

Total 125 Total Majority for Cheshire Lines, 28. ad Wgton v S. Manchester

===== 0002601_19040716_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. The following matches were played on Saturday on the greens of the first named:—:

_ FEARNHEAD. HORSE AND JOCKEY. James Andrews Joseph Weston W. Bawering W. J. Shaw P. Croft l5 S. RatelifTe James Roberts l5 W. Mees R. Mercer l5 A. Scott Charles Roberts

===== 0002601_19040716_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Fels-Naptha

Nobody takes the money. Nobody wants the money. Nobody takes the money. Nobody wants the money.

Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson street London E C

===== 0002601_19040716_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19040716_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
SLEEPLESS SUMMER NIGHTS.

A WOMAN'S SHATTERED HEALTH WOULD NOT LET HER SLEEP, BUT DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS FOR PALE PEOPLE CURED HER.

"Ten years ago," said Mrs. Roper. o f 8, Gee's houses, Cambois, near Blyth," I had a severe attack of influenza and from then 2 till quite recently I suffered from the after-effects.. Sometimes I got better for a day or two but I soon became worse again. The neighbours all regarded me as doomed. "I saw a doctor, and took a great deal of his medi- cine, and was also treated other doctors

Mrs. Roper, whose ruined digestiou was wonderfully restored by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. (From a photograph by A. and G. Taylor.). But I got miserably thin, could take little or no food and was unable to sleep at nights. When I did force myself to take food my stomach was too weak to retain it. This went on for years, and six months ago I was so ill that I had to give up housework altogether and get a girl in to do it for me. I could not walk to the foot of the garden. Every few steps I had to stop to get my _breath."

Irs.iper's case is only too common. Ruined digestion had shattered her nerves and starved her veins of blood. We see here all the signs of anwmia, and (as her story proceeds) we shall also see that as soon as her blood-supply was built up she began to grow better. "At last," Mrs. Roper continued," I had to take to my bed. I was in despair, and never expected to rise again. While in this state ,I said to my girl: I wonder if Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People would do me any good. Some people seem to think well of them.' At any rate, I determined to try." Although Mrs. Roper apparently did not know the real cause of her trouble, she had hit upon the right remedy. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills make new blood: that is the secret of their cures. Observe how quickly the effect was noticed 'I had been in bed three weeks.then,"said Mrs. Roper. " But I am telling you the barest truth when I say that I felt a change for the better after a couple of doses of the pills. On the second day I got out of bed, and I can assure you I astonished the neighbours. The im- provement was steady and rapid. I took the pills three times a day for a month, and then I dropped the dose to a dose in the morning and at tea-time. It is over ten years since I felt so well as I do now. I have sent the girl away and do all my own work now. I attribute my really wonderful cure entirely to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills." . . _ _ _

" Yes,"-iimarked her husband, who came in at this moment, "they have done wonders for her and for me, too. Three years ago I had a bad attack of lumbago in the back. I took the pills after my wife's experience, and now I ant as right as can be." In both cases the cure was the same. The new blood did it. That is the secret of the thousands of cures effected by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. Whatever diseases' arise from too little blood, or blood that lacks richness and purity, they can cure, just as surely as food cures hunger. Blood is the food of the body: Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are the food of the blood. The genuine pills always bear Dr. Williams' name, and substitutes are use- less and fraudulent. Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Holborn Viaduct, London, will send a box post free for 2s. 9d. to any address. It is by making new blood that they cure anmmia, bile, consumption, indigestion, St. Vitus' dance; it is by making pure blood that they cure rheumatism, kidney disease, eczema, and all skin troubles. They improve the appetite almost from the first dose, and they give strength to everyone, especially to women, who know why they need new blood more often than their husbands and brothers.

by two

t 4..- ..,.., _A. , , ......, ....,, =_.. . - -- ---."'-----'.-------or''. ,- , ii / / / -lA, ~..' , 6 ,

-

===== 0002601_19040716_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTH WALES SERVICE.

I We understand that the Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Company have decided to cancel their pro- posed Fleetwood service for their steamer St. Tudno between Fleetwood and North Wales, and instead there- of St. Tudno will makelrequent trips from Liverpool to North Wales. From the revised July and August sail- ing bills just published it will be seen that there will be afternoon sailings on Frida,ys, commencing 22nd inst, at 2.30 p.m., in addition to , the afternoon steamer on Saturdays, Sundays and Mondays, as already advertised. Every Saturday, commencing 16th inst., St. Tudno will leave Liverpool at 11.15 a.m. for Llandudno as the extra boat (in addition to La Marguerite at 10.45 a.m.), returning at 5.45 p.m., due in Liverpool at 8 p.m. Cheap fares are announced' for this extra sailing. On Sunday, 17th July, St. Tudno will leave Liverpool at 9.15 a.m., for trip round the Isle of Anglesey. Steamer does not call anywhere else, and is due back at 8 p.m. On the occasion of , the Royal visit to Liverpool St. Tudno will leave Liverpool at 9.30 a.m., calling at Llandudno and Bangor, thence round the Isle of Anglesey, due back about 8.15 p.m. On this trip it is expected that the St. Tudno will meet and pass close to the convoy of H.M. cruisers and the Royal yacht with the King and Queen on board on their departure from Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON'S BIGGEST EXCURSION.

MESSRS. WALKER'S EMPLOYEES IN MANXLAND.

Works excursions, as they are called, have a tendency to bigness. The numbers who participate in them generally run well up into the hundreds and sometimes into the thousands. Messrs. Peter Walker and Son's Brewery excursion is one to be.included in the latter category. This annual outing of the employees is an easy first in Warrington in regard to numbers. It has not yet reached the huge dimensions of the Bass employees' excursion at Burton-on-Trent, where the trippers are counted by the number of train loads, but if one may judge by the large number who journeyed on Saturday by Messrs. Walker's excursion, the local brewing trade is in a healthy stat,e. This may or may not be a matter for con- gratulation, according to the point of view taken by the reader on the drink question. No fewer than 1400 employees and friends made the journey to Manxland in the Royal Mail steamship "Queen Victoria." The generosity of the firm has undoubt- edly much to do with the popularity of the excursion. In addition to the usual allowances of the day's wage and money to spend, tickets for each man and his wife are presented by the directors, and arrangements made for free admission to the Palace and Derby. Castle at Douglas. In this respect the brewery work- man fares much better than any other employe in the town and it is not surprising to find such a' large number taking advantage of the privilege. By a decisive majority, the workmen decided to pay another visit to Douglas and once more demonstrated their fondness for going far afield: Some seven or eight years ago a similar visit was paid to the island and the pleasant reminiscences of that visit were an element in deciding upon Douglas for this year's trip. To convey such a large party by rail and sea requires I careful forethought and elaborate arrangement, but Mr. J. Fulton Smith and his capable staff have had such a large experience in this matter that they are I able to carry out the whole affair with the, precision of 1 clockwork.

Five o'clock was the hour fixed for starting from the Central Station, and at an hour when the town is usually asleep, excursionists were to be seen hurry- ing to the station. Here the brewery band in its gorgeous uniform of green and gold was welcom- ing the arrival of the trippers with a lively tune. The approaches to the station were crowded with a surging mass of humanity and pro- gress up the steps was interrupted by an irritating examination of tickets at the platform gates. Two special trains were speedily filled and sent on their way to Liverpool but still many excursionists were left on the platform. It was decided to attach some additional carriages to an ordinary train and this soon followed in the wake of the earlier ones.

Liverpool was just awakening to the day's work,and the warm rays of the early morning sun gave promise of a pleasant sail across the Irish sea. At the landing stage, the Lucania had just arrived from New York and the diAembarkation of mails and passengers made a busy scene. But there was no time for sight-seeing. Yonder in the distance was the portly figure of the captain of the "Queen Victoria" standing on the bridge and chafing under the delay which had been occasioned in our arrival. By 6.30, however, all were aboard, and we were soon steaming up the river and examining the craft and objects of inter.est aroufid. The water was as calm as a mill-pond, and with a cloudless sky above and the heat of the sun's rays tempered by a gentle zypher, the spirits of the most indifferent sea-passenger , aboard, rose. The excursionists were bent on enjoying their brief respite from daily toil and the pleasurable conditions enabled them to do so without restraint. The band, under the conductorship of Mr. Brady, struck up several waltzes, and soon the boards of the vessel were resounding with the merry tripping of feet. By way of a change, Mr. Armstrong and his choir sang several glees in a manner which testified that musical talent is not a negligible quantity amongst the brewery employees. The vessel has now crossed the , bar, and there is hardly a ripple to disturb the vessel' steady progress. Let us take a walk round. Ithe vessel to see how the trippers are enjoying them- selves. At the drinking bars, stewards are drawing corks and serving liquors with a promptness that is ' necessary to keep pace with the demand, whilst near lby are stalls of comestibles with which many are rfortifying themselves for breakfast. Everyone seems happy and contented and on good terms with every- body else. What a different picture there would have been if a rough passage had been experienced! Hardly a single person is to be seen suffering from mal-de-mer whilst little gfoups of people are enjoying themselves according to their tastes. Here a youth is displaying his skill in mani- pulating an accordion, whilst a tiny tot dances the cake-walk in a delightful fashion. Close at hand is another young fellow gesticulating with an umbrella, and, singing "Take your umbrella with you, John." Others more quietly disposed are paying a game of "nap," or keeping a watchful eye for the first sight of the island. Thus time passes on and in the short space of three and a half hours we are in full view of Douglas with its beautiful semi- circular bay, bounded by its breakway and " head" on the left and Oncban on the extreme right. The news of the excursion has preceded us, and a large number of visitors have assembled at the pier head to give the excursionists welcome. By 10.30, the trippers had disembarked and were free to spend the day according to their bent. The staff and a number of invited guests stayed behind on bard and partook of luncheon in the first;class dining saloon. Mr. Monza occupied the place of honour, and after an excellent repast, which did credit to the catering capabilities of the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company, the usual loyal toasts and cOngratu- latory speeches were delivered. Alderman Francomb dtd full justice to the toast of "Messrs. Peter Walker and Son Ltd.," which he proposed in fitting terms,and Mr. Monro suitably acknowledged. Before the gather- ing separated a' meed of praise was given to Mr. J. I Fulton Smith for his excellent arrangements on the I proposition of Mr. Monro. With a full day before them, and ideal holiday I weather prevailing, opportunity was taken of seeing some of the sights of the island. By an arrangement with the Manx Electric Railway Company, the excur- sionists were enabled to travel at a reduced fare to Laxey. This delightful spot with its great wheel and glen was reached after a journey on the car, skirting the sea coast, with its rugged headlands and minia- ture bays, forming a wonderful combination of land- scape and seascape. Some broke the journey at Groudle, with its glen, its canyon, its waterwheel and its sea lions. The miniature railway in this favourite glen was found at a complete standstill. A. grave disaster has befallen it. A short time ago the boiler of the little puffing Billy that does the haulage, burst, and the dread consequence is that the rolling stock and all connected with the affair are at a standstill until the repairs to the boiler are completed. The day was too fine for indoor amusements, and consequently there was but a sparse attendance at Derby Castle, where an orchestra played for dancing but an open-air concert in the Palace b(-mounds was more generally patronised and appreciated. The day passed all too quickly, and shortly after six o'clock, the strains of the Brewery band on the promenade were reminders that it was time to rejoin the "Queen Victoria" at the pier-head. Some of the excursionists had availed themselves of the opportunity of procur- ing extension tickets at a nominal fee. These assembled on the pier to give the excursionists a hearty send off. At the appointed time, the gang- ways were drawn in, but it was discovered that some belated excursionists were running along the pier for the boat. The captain ivaited for their arrival, and then the vessel entered upon its journey homeward. Some trippers who arrived later at the pier-head found themselves left behind and had to find Lodgings until the fallowing day. A calm passage, with a 'gorgeous sunset which shimmered in the silvery sea, were the chief characteristics of the homeward journey, Liverpool was reached about eleven o'clock and in the first hour of Sunday morning the excursionists reached their homes well-tired out, hut with pleasant I memories of the brewery excursion to Nfauxland. J. H.

A recent note in this column dealing with the refusal of a Russian priest to christen two children with the names of Corean battlefields recalls to a correspondent a story (of respectable antiquity, be it confessed) of a young English curate's admirable behaviour under similar circumstances. A wee girl baby was brought to him to be christened. The proud mother was possessed of a very marked lisp. Accordingly, when asked by the curate what name was to be given to the child she replied,' Luthy, thir." "Lucifer !" cried the clergyman in tones of horror. "Nothing of the sort. I christen this child John."

===== 0002601_19040716_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL,

A Strong Complaint From Moore.

This Council held its fortnightly meeting at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. S. Woodward presiding. There were also present :—Admiral J. P. Jones Parry, Messrs. G. Pilling„ T. Baxter, T. Wright, C. E. Linaker, A. G. Guest, C. E. Linaker, jun., C.Roylance, J. Spruce, J. Bolshaw, H. Eyes, A. Broome, J. Smith, J. H. Davies, H. Mawdsley, J. T. Collier, C. Horton, J. Fryer, W. Fletcher, J. Whitley, R. Billington, T. Antwis, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (deputy-clerk), J. Swinton and W. Diggle (surveyors), andJ. Farrington (inspector of nuisances.)

===== 0002601_19040716_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
A STRONG LErIER.

Mr. Wilfred J. Bleckly, of Ivy Bank, Moore, near Warrington, wrote in regard to the smell that existed at the bottom of the garden of his house owing to an open sewer of which he had made many complaints dur- ing the past three years. Were the Council waiting for an outbreak of fever before they thought it worth while moving? If an outbreak occurred and death followed the Council should be made criminally responsible. He wrote strongly because nothing else seemed to move a body which .appeared not to study in the least the health of those it was supposed to guard. Let this be the last of many letters he had written on the subject. He asked them to begin the work—it was not such a very big job—and get it done this summer. _ _

Tile Survey-or reported that work was already in pro- gress on the short length of sewer which belonged to the Council. It would, however, be necessary to con- sult with the engineer to Cie railway company, as the company owned part of the land. Mr. Linaker suggested that the Medical Officer should report as to whether the smell was injurious to health. The Chairman said a large committee saw the place only a short time ago and they were very well satisfied with the condition o things as it then was. _ _ _

It was decided that Dr. Adams should present a report on the condition of the sewage works at Moore.

SUGGESTED IMPROVEMENTS AT WESTON..

At a meeting of Weston Parochial Committee it was resolved :—" That it boa recommendation to the Dis- trict Council that the following road improvements be made in the parish of ' Weston :—Rnneorn to Weston road be widened at the point opposite the Village Hall, and the west side of the road bechannelled from the top of Cheshyres-lane to a point opposite the south end of the quarry. The west side of the said road be channelled at a point near Mr. Griffiths' farm, and the east side be eurbed and channelled from a point opposite Mr. Griffiths' farm to the Wesleyan school. The north side of the.village green .be channelled."

The recommendations were referred to the. Highways Committee.

A.NTROBUS W A.T ER_ SUPPLY.

Mr. Gerard Eaton wrote from London with regard to End the Pole-lane En water in Antrobus. He trusted now that the Council were moving in the matter of the water supply of Pole-lane end and that not only his well but the other wells there, of which there did not seem to be many, would be tested also, so that the question of the water supply might be fully considered. The Inspector was instructed to take samples and report.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
SEWERAGE WORKS AT FRODSHAM.

The Local Government Board wrote formally sanc- tioning the borrowing by the Rural Council of the sum of £333 for works of sewerage in Belle Monte Road and Bradley-lane in the lordship of Frodsham. The Board stated that no payments should be made out of the loan to a salaried official of the Council except in the case of payments (if any) due to the Clerk for legal work in connection with the object of the loanand not within the scope of his ordinary duties under the terms of his appointment as Clerk to the Council. In such a case the bills, as taxed; might properly be paid out of the loan. _

The Clerk was instructed to advertise for tenders for the carrying out of the work. .

A QUESTION OF DAMAGE.

A lotter was read from the solicitors to Messrs. Holme and King, contractors, with reference to damage alleged to have been done to the Council's roads during the extension of the Liverpool water mains. It was suggested that the matter be referred to an independent surveyor for arbitration.

The Council agreed to this course, and the Clerk was instructed to submit a list of independent surveyors at the next meeting.

HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT. Dr. Adams wrote regretting that an inquest at. War- rington would prevent his attendance at the Council meeting. He had, he reported, closed Kingsley schools for three weeks and had extended the period of closing at Norley by one week. The cases notified included diphtheria (one fatal) in Frodsham, scarlet fever in Alvanley and Stockton Heath, and measles in Kingsley.

HELSBY SEWERAGE SCHEME-A DIFFERENCE or OPINION. •

The sub-committee appointed to inquire into the carrying out of this scheme presented a report in which various small alterations were recommended. The Chairman said it seemed to him that the commit- tee met with a view to condemning the scheme to all intents and purposes, and ended by blessing it. One or two little things seemed to require attention, and these were set forth in the report. - . . _

• Mr. C. E. Linaker was sorry he did not agree with the decision of the committee. The report was all very. well so far as it went, but he was of opinion that the Helsby people would have very considerable and expen- sive trouble with their system of sewerage. The Chairman pointed out that the committee had simply to deal with the carrying out of the scheme ac- cepted by the Helsby Parochial Committee. He took it that Mr. Linaker's remarks had reference to the scheme itself, and not to the carrying out of the work. Mr. Linaker : Nothing of the sort. The Chairman said one recommendation was that another automatic flushing chamber be constructed. That was essentially an addition to the original scheme and had nothing whatever to to with the work as car- ried out by the contractor. Mr. Collier seconded the adoption of the report and said there were many difficulties mainly arising from the scheme itself. As that scheme had been accepted by the Local Government Board and the Helsby Parochial Committee, he did not think the sub-com- mittee had any alternative but to accept it. Mr. Linaker said he hoped the proof of the pudding would be in the eating, and that the H lsby Committee would have no cause to regret what had been done. Mr. Guest said he was certain there were defective points in the sewer. The Chairman said the engineer and clerk of works had declared themselves perfectly satisfied, and Mr. Diggle, the expert engineer, had practically declared himself satisfied that the work had been carried out as efficiently as the generality of such work. Were the Council prepared to embark upon furtlier expense by having the sewer opened? .5.1 r. Collier did not think it would be right to involve the district in more expense without the sanction of the Helsby Parochial Committee. Mr. Roylance said he was ...ifraid that if further investigations were made there would be revelations that would astonish the Council. The report was adopted by 3 votes to 2. THE WATERING OF STOCKTON HEATH ROADS.

Mr. Linaker reported that the Highways Committee had considered this matter, and had decided that the Clerk staould ascertais whether an arrangement could be made with the County Council for the watering of roads in and about Stockton Heath, and if so, upon what terms. With regard to the diversion of the road near the Stag Inn, Walton, the Surveyor was instructed to prepare an estimate, and it was agreed that Sir Gilbert Greenall's agents be approached with a view to a contribution.

The minutes were approved. THE NEW HOSPITAL.

On the recommendation of the Isolation Hospital sub-committee. the Clerk was instructed to obtain tenders for sewage disposal work on the hospital site.

FINANCIAL.

Mr. Wright reported that the balance in hand at the last meeting was £1,146 163. 7d. The receipts daring the fortnight amounted to £lBo9s. 10d.,and the cheques drawn that- day to £616 4s. 5d., leaving a balance of £7ll 2s.

THE DUST PROBLEM. SUCCESS OF THE WIDNES SOLUTION.'

At Widnes Town Council on Tuesday, the surveyor was instructed to continue his experiments in the use of calcium chloride, which is a waste product at Widnes, as a dust layer and binder. The surveyor presented a special report dealing with the experiments in which he stated that by watering the roads with a strong solution of calcium chloride the dust was successfully laid, and the road kept moist for at hest a fortnight. In this period it would have been in the ordinary way, necessary for the roa,is to be watered at least 30 times. No damage had been done by calcium chloride, and there were no disadvantages from its use.

The benevolent permission to write a message upon one half of the "address" side of a postcard extended by our own Post-office is now also enjoyed in France, Russia, Italy,and Luxemburg, the French Post-office deserving the credit of having been the first to intro- duce it. Rather unexpectedly one learns that in Germany this minor reform is persistently refused, although many appeals have been made to headquarters for its introduction. The reason given for this is suffi- ciently amusing, lying in the amount of space necessarily taken up by a German address. Thus whereas we in England, writing to the widow of a chimney-sweep, would address her as "Mrs. ," or in France, with a shade more ceremony, they would write, "Madame veuve X-, Ramoneur," in dermany they would say, "Hochwohlgeborene Frau ' Oberschornsteinfegerswittwe."

===== 0002601_19040716_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
BEAUTY OF SKIN PURITY OF BLOOD

Ancient and Modern Ideas on These Interesting Subjects.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
UP-TO-DATE METHODS

For Purifying and Beautifying the Skin, Scalp, Hair and Hands.

Socrates called beauty a short-lived tyranny, Plato a privilege of nature, Theocritus, a delightful prejudice, Theophrastus a silent cheat, Carneades a solitary kingdom, Homer a glorious gift of nature, Ovid a favor of' the gods. Aristotle affirmed that beauty was better than all the letters of rec- ommendation in the world, and yet none of these distinguished authorities has left us even a hint of how beauty Is to be perpetuated, or the ravages of age and disease defied. Time soon blends the lily and the rose into the pallor of age, disease dots the fair face with cutaneous disfigurations and crimsons the Roman nose with unsight- ly flushes, moth, if not rust, corrupts the glory of eyes, teeth, and lips yet beautiful by defacing the complexion, and fills the sensitive soul with agony. If such be the unhappy condition of one afflicted with slight skin blemishes, what must be the feelings of those in whom torturing humours have for years run riot, covering the skin with scales and sores and chatging the blood with poisonous elements to be- come a part of the system until death? It is in the treatment of torturing, disfiguring humours and affections of the skin, scalp and blood, with loss of hair, that the Cuticura remedies have achieved their greatest success. Orig- inal in composition, scientifically com- pounded, absolutely pure, unchange- able in any climate, always ready, and agreeable to the most delicate and sen- sitive, they present to young and old the most successful curatives of mod- ern times.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SALE OF A WIDNES WORKS. Strange Case at St. Helens.

Mr. Stewart Brown (instrudted by Messrs. Forshaw and Hawkins) appeared at St. Helens County Court on Tuesday to answers a summons by the registrar of the- court in respect of a claim made against the bailiff of the court.

Mr. Thompson (Messrs. Wiles and Thompson, Roch- dale) appeared for Messrs. George Holt and Sons,Roch- dale, the execution creditors, who some time ago got L judgment against Messrs. Connell, Fitton, and I Limited, of the Old Rosin Works, Widnes. Under:, t ; judgment Messrs. Holt issued execution, and the baili sold everything found on the premises. The Unite Alkali Company are the landlords of the Old Rosin Works, and they claimed the proceeds of the sale in payment of their claim for rent due by Messrs. Connell and Fitton.

Mr. Stewart Brown argued the legal aspect of the matter with the judge. He argued that it really could not be an interpleader action, and he really did not. know what they had been summoned for. He did not. know what Mr. Thompson would say, but he did not think there would be sufficient from the sale to pay him. There might be enough to pay the rent, but not Messrs. Holt. - -

Mr. Thompson thought the County Act met the matter.

Judge Shand: I am afraid a mistake has been made I cannot see anything else for it. Can there be any interpleader in a matter of this kind? A consultation took place, and Mr. Stewart Brown said he thought they might settle the matter. The only question was that the bailiff had claimed two sets of possession fees. There was now only £3B in court. The sale realised £49 is.

The Judge: How can the bailiff settle the matter? Mr. Brown suggested that he should forego one set of possession fees. The Judge: It is the first time I have ever heard such a suggestion in this court. It would be far too dangerous a precedent. It ha's never been done in the fifteen years I have been in this court or the Liverpool court.

Mr. Stewart Brown; Because the bailiff has never made a mistake in the procedure before, I hope. The Judge: lam not satisfied that a mistake has been made.

The case was then settled on the following terms:. £l9 10s. to the United Alkali Company, the landlords and the balance, £lB 10s. to be paid Messrs. Holt, the execution creditor.

One of the most important items in the summer train improvements this season is the running of a non-stop express between Paddington and Plymouth both up and down each week-day by the Great Western Railway. The distance run without an intermediate stop is 246 miles-50 miles longer than any other non-stop run, and the journey is performed in 4 hrs. 25 mins. The Great Western has always been famous for express trains, and these are so popular that soubrigucts such as the "Flying Dutchman," the "Zulu," &c., have, been given to the trains by travellers and others. Mr. G. A. Sekon, the Editor of the "Railway Magazine," recogniz- ing the utility of a popular name for a famous train, is offering a money prize for the best title for the new non-stop London-Plymouth Express; and Mr. J. C. Inglis, the General Manager of the Great Western Rail- way, has consented to award the prize to the name he considers most suitable for the new train.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19040716_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
, . 1 . : . I i, • .., "" - 4 • . t i iA. , . ' y . ! .' . • 401' . . . , . . :41., ; 4 '. ‘ , kt.' t . . _ - _4,.. _ , --.......,-..,,---.... • - -.......,-.00-. . • .. , _ _ . k . . . \ . % 1 , •

Ebt " aleamtner gotrits

r" calit•.w A.RIZINGTON AND ATD-CHRSECIRR tiDrica." pnntishel every Saturdo.— morning. TEIg " Ekitt.RiTavraT &NO gRWTOST EX/O,IMM, pnOlis!ied every Frilay afternoon. rrag "sr. H[gLiexe EicsArxma,' published every Friday afternoon. T" " Rucircoatr FAA-MINER: published every Vriday afternoon. TUE " "IMRE ExAllirrEß," published every 2- Friday afternoon. P PA.I AP %AT:WM./TS VLsTID APARTWM‘TS TO LET ARTICLES LOST ARTICLES F )LIND

k )V?TISL EN T Houses WANT ED HOUSES TO 11E. SOLD MISCF:LLLNEWS fif Awn MISCELL ANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 . 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... be. Od. 54

300ttIO, RpOro, Zoartitng 05tabo.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
nomeltir Iperbants, etr.

lATANTED honest GIRL. 14 or 15 for farm.—Addrees G. F. " Examiner " Office. Warrinoton.

WANTED, a yroinq GRNRRAL. at once.—Apply. 4 CLAREMONT TERRACE, North Shore, Blackpool.

Nif ANTED, Girl for farm house must have refs.— , Apply J. HanßisioN,Oharnock Richard. near (Morley.

WANTIM, good 1:114171Rkt ; stood home. good wage.— Referet,c.a ThairmE Belmont,Wilpshlre. nr. Blackburn.

A.NTBD,goorl Experfenc.d GENRRAL for small family. TV —4rPly, WESTOBY, 4, Fraser road. Higher Crump- sail, Manchester.

WANTRD Good GRNERA.L. Steady, honest and not afraid of work.—Apply CHESHIRE MIDLAND HOTEL. Hale, near Altrineharn.

WANTBD GRNBRAL SBRVANP about 17. threa in family, write with reference.--Mrs VARLEY, 9 Marstaide rd., SouthoOrt.

WHITPTELD'i AGRNCY requires all classes cf VT SERVAN TS at 71,FaaxwouTF Sr , Farnworth,Widnes; opposite the Old Chur?,ll.

W44.19T1RD GIONBRAL : wash: family three : references : £18: 20 to 30.—Apply by letter. Mrs. Dr. HAROLD RE saw, Brooklands. Cheshire.

WANTED, well DOMESTIC&TBD PARSON, young or middle aged for small family, good home, references Teo:Fired-45, LANCASTER RAID, Preston.

T%TANTHD. COOKS, Parlourmaids, Housemaids Under- maids. Kitchenmaith and Laundress for North Wales. —Mrs. Wltcocic, Cheapside, Lancaster.

WANTED, respectable PERSON, to assist in kitchen and generalfhousework.—Address, with reference, wages, stating age. 19, BowgEn's Row, Bolton.

WANTRD. for HOTIILS. WATTRR iSRS, Cook. Kitchen- rnalcle, Housernaid-Waltreages, and 40 Generals, to Wait.—Mrs. PRESTON'S REllestry. Blackpool.

wANTFD. good GENHFIAL ; no washing ; good home for respectable girl —Apply R. BRENNAN, Dysart Arms, Bunbury. near Tarporiey, Cheshire.

WANTRD a good GRNRRAL SRRVANT, abut 20. able to wash with references. Apply Mrs. J. CLAYTolv,pork butcher. 111, Ormskfrk Rd., Newtown. Wigan.

WN ATED, HOU AI 4BMD-WAITRHSS. Good references. abstainer. Wages €2O. Three maids kept —Mrs. IaREENTILLGH, Walifleid. Whitetield, Manchester.

LL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country or is* town.publ(c and private.—Call or write Miss If kFißraos's only office). 6,01(111am street, Manchester. Established 1862.

QITnATION WANTED by experienced Cook, where kJ kitchen maid and scullery maid are kept ; permanent or tbmpurary ; good references.—Address Mrs. 8., 8, Albion Street Birkenhead.

C"TC4 WAvTRD £2O to £24. Housemaid Waitress £lB to £22, Generals en to V.O. Girls £1.4, excellent places. No eonnection with anv other office.—Write to HARRISON'S 6. Oldham street. Illanchetter.

WANTED, experienced plain COOK, from end of qPpternber ; ; also Honsernsid ; wages £lB ; thoroughly eood references requirett—Hon. Mrs. DOWD&LL, 28 Alexandra Drive, Liverpool.

ELACKPOOL.—WANTED immediately. several GOOD SERVANTS for hotels. boarding and privats, housPs, schools Itc.. good wages, state age. experience &c.—Mrs. DEAN, 31, Talbot Rd.. Blackpool.

ALL CLAIMS OF SITUATIONS. private and public good homes. excellent wages ; places in town,country and seaside.—Wrlte to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street. Manchester.

LIASPBOURIIII.—Send post—cArd for list of all available APARTMItNTS.—WATems,24, Junction Rd,Bastbourne.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Mantel.

VITANTHID, labels from the pounX tins of Milkmaid Milk. Good price offered.—' 8..' Guest Rd., Barnsley.

UNLIGHT or LIPHBUOY TOPS WANTRD ; lid. doz. Cash by return.—SmtTß's STORES, Dedham. Bases.

SUNLIGHT, LIFEBUOY TOPS WANTRO. Is. per 100; Matchless whole is. 3d.—TayLaa, 42,George et., Hull.

SUNLI GHT and Lifebuoy goan Wrapper, Wanted, le. dd, per Ino given, J. HEYS, 14, Coleridge Street, Witton. Blackburn.

WVANTRD, LAMER and GRNTLBMTIN. Busineas ability. £2 weeklv.—Particulars, 2 stunpe, R. PARRY, Ogivy. Usk at., Bargoed.

WANTED, SUNLIGHT and LIFIIBUOY SOAP WRAPPERS (tops of old ones, coupons of new) 11d. a dozen given. Utah per return. —CHARMER CHAPMAN, 4, Ravenseourt rd., Deal, Kent.

pp° SHOPKERPERS & OTHERS.—One Agent only C wanted in evenj town and villAge for the sale of first class Poultrir Powder.—Apply ILLRRY MOORE, Boveringham Pottingh

WANTS!). SITUATION, FARM BAILIFF; thorouwhly experienced all kinds farm-work; well up in manage- ment of men ,stock, soil,and accounts ;wife dairy if required. —LOCKETT, Rectory Cottage. Raton, Congleton, Cheshire.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
partmentg,furntsteb oues etc,

===== 0002601_19040716_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
CLEVBLEYS.—Mrs. FLITCROFT; Primrose Place; terms moderate; APARTUHNTS ; near sea tram.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 16, 1904.

53partment5, ,furnibeb ii?cuse3 rt

MOHBOAMBH.—Mrs H. H. ASHWORTH,Hawthorne House, 10, Alexandra rd.; se i view, bath; piano.

BDLACKPOOL.-2% RING ST., near Talbot Rd. Station and sea. Beds le.Cper day per person. Board If required

BLACKPOOL—Mrs. WHITEHEAD and Min HASTWELL,S9 Albert rd.; 2 mina. from Central Station and sea ; piano.

laiisrelianous, on eales, ttr.

AY.—ALDERSoN BRoTHERS, Direct Importers. 25. Brasenose road, Liverpool.

(LOTH Suit Lengths, 10e. 6d. free.—Patterne. Dept. S, THE MILL, 67, Mill Hill Road, Norwich.

QBND 15 stamps for Handsome Pair of Plush Banjos.- 0 ANDREWS' BA.ZA.A.R, Stap!eton road, Bristol'

DICTURE POST-CARDS on approval.—G. W. Taompsos 1 12 Vallnger's road, Kina'i Lynn, Norfolk.

TEA. SPOONS, splendid quality, is. 2d. dozen, ).ost paid.— WARDEN, 3 Derby street, Lonlon. W.C.

Itigreliantous, ng'ate, ttt.

QILK HAI'S. however old, made equal to new by using "Silkine," 7d. post free.-11E•P,Hanley, Staffs.

DETBOTIVES. Inquiries, Investigations. Consult HAMILTON, 171 High at., Kensington, London.

01 LOUSES. Send fis. Bd. and get the best black mercerised -II blouse on the market. MairraYri 13LousE Co,. Merthyr. QTAMPS.-3b rare varieties, and three high class pictoria °postcards 3d—SMYTH STAMP Co.,Bosoombe,Bournemouth.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
SILK.--Full Dress Length, handsome Silk, pleiged ; cacti- flee voucher S!.—FRY, 66, Jeffreys rd., Clapham.

AXE MOLIBY.—TeII easy and profitable ways, 7d. ; AVlgenuine.--SEcaETARY, 53 Vassal! rd., Brixton,

BUTC ER 4.—Genuine Trade, 45. main road, nice house, Rent £4O, price £l2O. -CLARK, 84 High it., Merton.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
ARTISTIC PRINTING 00.-100 Carde, Memos, Invoices, is 3d• Samples free.-4, Malham rd., London.

et ENUINI3 CABINET PHOTOGRAPHS, ss. dozen; send Jp o.—CaBEY,Payfield Place., Campbeltown,

OAST-OFF-CLOTHING, I3eginners supplied. Splendid £3 ‘..) bales,large profits.-BAINE's Wardrobe Stores,Searborougb.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'bares

===== 0002601_19040716_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTIW Sbnres in Toll Bridges; &c.—Send particulars HARRIS, 103, Goldhawk Rd, London, .

===== 0002601_19040716_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
tro be Let.

110 LBT, Good Dwelling-house, 48, Parker street.—Applv 1 WOODS & SON, Solicitors, Warrineon,

===== 0002601_19040716_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
r I nil BUSINHoS. to be DISPOoRD of at once cheap.— I. Apply 101 WITT°le ST., Northwich.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
IN SALE. tte oldest CHIP SHOP in Bury; 3 tenants 1J in 28 years, main street. —l4l, Bot Tort ST., Bury.

'l'o BE SOLD, a Good GREENGROORRY BUSINESS, in 1 cewtral part of the town.—Apply 28.EIGHTOwN, Crewe.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
fl ENT'S Pneumatic Safety, splendid order, free wheel, T rim ,Jbrake. Only 455. Approval.--lioLLower, 268, Portobello rd., London West.

NDLBSS Wirel Cycle Outer Covers, Bankrupt stock. 4s. 9d each. state size. Warranted new goods.—B. SoPe, 5, Harcourt at., Accrington r 4., Burnley.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
ON SALE, LURRY, about 12/cwt. ; cheap.—S. TAYLoR, grocer, Darlington et., Baer, Wigan.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
gnies bp 2urtion.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

JULY 16 1904.

QANImARY INTSPROTORS.—LADY HRA.LTH VISITORS £lOO to £350; several hundred vacancies ; 300 successes postal course commencing for Liverpool and Manchester Exams. Fee 25s —MireffENa, Science Teacher, Sunderland. INVReITMENT OFFICRIM.—You can hear of one of the best opportunities of your life. Has earned over £l,OOO per day,net profits for eight vears;will return' 7g to 15per cent per annum, and is safe.—R. Nfriass, 9,oxford row Leeds.

PELIMIHRSHIP.— Smart young PLAN with funds required by Liverpool Manufacturing and Commission firm. Good salary and one third of profits. Applicants Wease state amount of rqoney available.—HAßDY, 49, White- chapel, Liverpool.

\iv ANTBD BRIT RRAL GOOD CANVASSERS for Warring- ton and neighbouring towns. Testimonials and stamped envelope required. Salary ..-C1 per week and edm- Smart man can earn £3 weekly.—Jomf BoLLAND, Morecambe.

CCM MISSION (liberal) offered to those able to introduce work or furnish information to well-known firm of electric light and Dower engineers ; e•timates free, any part of the country,—Addreso ' FITTINGS,' Box, No. 1865 co Sharrow and Thatcher, 13-15,1 West st., London, W.(l'

IUEIRNOH•MODEL PATTERN CUTTING ASSOCIATION, 7, Baker et., W.—Dress Cutting and Making taught rapidly on the special system of the well-known fitter, Madame Astier. Private and ekes lessons. Training class for fitters. Ladies' own material Out and prepared, Patterns sold in stock sizes or to measurement.. On'fit of mode, patterns supplied to dressmakers. Prospectus free.

ACCOwNTANT and Amlgor. quick and reliable at exten- sion.. checking castinu and the preparation of balance pheets, seeks engartement, Book-keeper, leciger or General Clerkshin. Good Carreapondent, Oanahle of handling detail, and controlling Know all branchea of Auction and Estate Agency. Well up in County Court nractine and debt collect- ing with knowledge of Commercial Company and General Law and the preparation of Agreements.—W. ANTHONY, 3, Rorbiton Pavement, Park rrl.. Norbiton, Surrey.

QMART TRAVELLER WANTED IN THIS DISTRICT roust be well-known and accustomed to Pt olc fredinft, for the sale of the new and concentrated foodstuffs MAKBAR HOP MPALS AND CAKioq for horses. eattle.calves. sheep, pigs and poultry,NOT A CONDI:111,NT! BUT A COMPLETE FOOD need only with hran. chops or malt eulms or similar cheap filline. Selling like Wildfire ! Repeat orders by 'very post. Satisfactory terms to suitable man. Apply by letter only.

BATIMARK LIMITRD. HOP FOOD SPROTALESTR, PRYMB STRIVIVP VILL9I.OI-URSTER 14D.. MA NCHESTRR,

L".—Solicitor, experienced, and an Advocate with good class practice. offers Seat t 3 country Solicitor desiring London experience. Well-equipped offices, telephone ; suit solicitor wanting further experience before starting on own account ; liberty to practice if requir.-1 subject to restrictive Covenant. Premium aiked, about 21'0. and term 2 years anar'ested. Advertiser can f/IV unique and valuable training. Only apolle,nts supplying fullest particulars of themeelves. and enclosin - nhotograph (returnable) will be entertained.— LFX, Box 1,1,, 1915, do Sharrow & Thatcher, 13 & 15 West at., Cambridu Circus, London, W.C.

VVT ANTED MEN, Young and Old, to write for our book, "How to become an Electrical Engineer ," sent post free. It tells how thousands gain better Positions and salaries studying Electrical or Mechanical Engineering at Home by post; eniorsed by Thomas A. Edison and British Electricians.—Arldress ELECTRICAL ENGINEER INSTITUTE 01 CORRESPONDENCE INSTRUCTION, 413, Temt le Chambers. Temple Avenue, London, B.C.

FURNITURE, PIANOS. STOCKS, &c.. BOUGHT FoR CASFf TO ANY AMOUNT. OR AIDVANuES 1114.1)E. HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN. NO CHARGE FOR INSPECTION. 11.ARTLEY AND no., 12, MOSS-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

MORECAMBR.— STRAW'S Royalty RESTAURANT, Opposite General PM. Oldest established Caterers :n Morecambe. Large and small parties catered for, satisfac- tion guaran teed. Moderate pries. Cyclist accommodation. Hotdinners every day. Apartments.

UGAR BOILER OR BARER.—To Let SHOP aud Dwelling-house. 58, Bewsey roao, with bakehouse, two- stall stable and good yard ;the premises will be put in good repair ; eplerviid opportunity for an enterprising man.— Apply JoHN B. RICHARDSON, 39, Bridge street, Warrington,

Carriage paid YOUR PHOTO HNLARGRD, and mounted on best plate-sunk mount measuring 20in., by 16in , andt tinishea by the new and beautiful airbrush process (real gems of art) see testimonials. Original returned uninjured. Send photo with postal-note for 55.. to the ** CROWN " PHOTO-HNLARGING CO., 59, and 61, Kelvinside Avenue, alasgow.

Two-vninn CA.R.—Seats 1 to 5 paseen gers comfortably an looking fcrwßrd ; elegant ; complete with lamps, cushions, mats. &c. : suit 14 hands cob. Price. 20 guineas ; cost nearly double. Al,o one at two pianos, and some pictures.—ApPlY 'qr. LOCKE, Tudor Home, 65, Barlow Moor rd., Didebury, Manchester.

GFIA.RNBSS. Full size £4 25 6d. Cob Size. £3 155 Pony size 23 65. Cab or business cart harness £4 105 Strong van harness £4. Farmers' strong cart harness £3 105 • All the above are hand made in our own factories. Heavy cart saddles and breechings £l. Cart bellybands 35 6d. Plough pads 25., 2f inches British Government 15ackban is and tugs 10s 6d. Cart coll.n*e 5s tel harries with hooks Is 6d per flair. Black waterproof cart cover 6ft 6in. by 61t 61n. 45 6d. Men's brown leather British Government navy belts 6d. All goods sent on approval. Illustrated catalogue post tree on application to JARDINE, contractor to H. M. Government, Nottingham. -

The rapid strokes of CONFUSION WORSE the guillotine upon CONFOUNDED. the committee stage

of the Licensing Bill must produce a rather bewildering effect on the public mind. To say that the Bill has been adequately discussed in committee is absurd enough when we consider that the changes made in it by the Government have taken • away the breath of their own supporters—or, rather, the closure has taken away that valuable breath !just as it was beginning to be articu- late. Almost at the last moment, Mr. AKERS Douglas has introduced an entirely new principle, and, if this is not the time limit which Mr. BAL- FOUR has obstinately rejected, it bears so strong a resemblance to that proposal as greatly to dis- turb the brewing interest, and its advocates in and out of Parliament. Henceforward new licenses are to be granted for a term of seven years, and then to lapse without compensation. No such licenses will be renewed, but fresh ones may take we hoe i r suppose, pl ac e s t for h tis applicantspaying handsomely separate benefit. This scheme is Sdesigned to prevent the growth of new monopoly, and is by no means welcome to the old monopolists. They cannot easily reconcile Mr. BALFOUR.S acceptance of a time- limit of seven years for new properties with his rejection of a time limit of fourteen years for existing proprties. He argues that at the end of that term the magistrates would be just agt unwill- ing to extinguish old licenses without compensa- tion as they are now. But to the new licenses he applies a guillotine which will fall at the expira- tion of seven years without giving the magistrates any opportunity of exercising their sympathies In short, two irreconcilable principles are embodied atrtn the , but the Bill and left to fight it out . Mr. BALFOUR says, that if there is the germ of a new experiment i n licensing reform, he cannot be justly accused of y Shutting b e door i tru pwoonulfdurbteh further equally gis 1 attriz 0 f . Tahnayt project which threatens to reduce the existing Jaw to chaos.

Matters have now reachnd such a pass, indeed, that the ordinary citizens may be excused for giving up the attempt to understand this extra- ordinary hotchpotch. If an old licence may con- tinue indefinitely when it was not superfluous,why should a new license be cut off in the bloom of its beauty after seven yeats ? If the old license- holder is to get compensation on the extinction

of his licence, why is the new licence-holder to have none? If the new license-holder, when he oses one licence and gets another, is to pay PrettY tiffiy for the privilege, why is this soil Par, sment a liability from which the old an" seasoned licence-holder is to be free ?" These puzzles are enough to go on with. Nut there remains the agreeable suggestion that, as ne decent trader will put his capital into a aeven years' transaction, the new licenses will breed the least desirable class of publicans. A fresh obJec" tion is that the system will multiply tied-horisea, and perhaps these two objections answer each other. Brewers, who find it to their advantage tc: increase the number of tied houses, should also fin° it to their advantage to employ rtspectable managers if they are to apply for new licences at the end of the statutory period. This all very confusing, though the confusi°": we must admit, is riot confined to the counsels 01. the Government. The argument that the c°lll- - insurance fund, out of which the trade 15 to compensate the old licence-holders, is really the property of the public, has not contributed to the lucidity of debate. We were told that this money belongs just as much to the nation as sovereign belongs to a man who paoses it from °flti pocket to another. What this singular soar- tion means is that because the trade does not pay sufficient taxation, everything °ver and above what it does pay is tric'ail the property of the State. On this reasoning, 9° shareholder in a bre very C 3 up-Lay is oricl°1:1 to his dividends;, no shareholder in any indastr! is entitled to anything if it can be shown that hie business does not furnish a proper contributi°l3 to the revenue. The truth, of course, is that the State has no moral 3laini upon a single sixPeece more than the imposts it actually levies. If theue: are not adequate let them be increased. That t"- liquor interest does not pay its fair share of tes, tion is plain enough, and we hope it will eventuall be made to pay; but, in the meantime, do not us pretend that it is not the rightful owner of I° own insurance fund.

The Labour party is still full of fight; at 933t1 rate the local L.R.C. men are very belligereclA They are building their hopes on a three-coruerni contest resulting in what they optimisticallY "a surprise packet." That sueh a contest have such a result we admit, but we would pol-f out that" surprise packets" are not necessari° one kind. The Labour party might. be surprised is find itself at the bottom of the poll—other 1:00 would probably say "I told you so:, We believe there will be no three-cornered fight, Ord though, according to Mr. Buckley "the pruP°shie Labour candidate has expressed himself favourBmve to fighting." This mysterious individual Eng "al) more pluck than discretion. So far we have r no evidences of a unanimous feeling among Lab-t men in favour of running a candidate at the 11,--t election. The L.R.C. is determined enought4 we would respectfully point out that the I.J•l'd,s, is not fully representative of Warrington tr9',4,0 unionists and labour men generally. Among rank and file there is a widespread feeling that tu.; is not the time to force matters in Warringtl."; They have got some very good promises from I‘-' A. H. Crosfield, and they recognise further thaw he is entitled to a clear ring for his second strugg.o with Mro R. Pierpoint. Should he be once vanquished, then will come the fair opporturil" for Labour to try its strength.

There are still some rumblings of the stool Labour circles caused by Messrs. Shackleton 313,1 11. enderson's visit to Devonport- The Par:a Journals have made the best of matters received the delinquent M.P.'s like naorgh'v children who have been properly reproved. of their correspondents are still, however, turnioF, their thumbs down and calling loudly for th? blood ofl the traitors. All in vain seeing thia t: the N.L.R.C. has so vigorously usa.ddulg whitewash brush. "The Clarion" inw In Liodge: ing in a pretty little quarrel with Mr Jo ii Did he or did he not sit on the platform of Liberal meeting in support of Mr. Churchill thus "flagrantly outraged the letter and the WI, of the L.R.C. consiiution ?" He did, bec.al—" s o hn there was no room elsewhere, but " The Clarlood, is determined to pin Mr. Hodge down to oncler mission of his sin if a double column lea of can reduce him to a sufficiently humble frame f mind. In all this can be seen the itcplac•ibilty the official L.R.C. men. No wonder that therta. a revolt, such as at Devonport,every now ans-1 t tw'be Toeing the line is a process that goes against" rid grain of all but the welldisciplined " TorninY " the spirit of the constitution" will always bao,oo danger of being" flagrantly outraged so I°nrve it remains unreasonably hostile to progress' Liberalism.

eel) There has been a big barter this week het-,er the Corporation and the brewers. The had a licence to sell, and naturally there was rives; competition for such a plum. Offers ranged 'l.; Li 00 or:E800 to £2550 which latter was the "iFtli bid of Messrs. Peter Walker and Sono, Wife whom the Finance Committee closet good presume Messrs. Walker have a gt:gill idea that the Licensing Committee the agree to the licence being transferred frol'thel George Hotel to a less exploited region, or hi would not give so much for something v 7 tbe might be worthless. There is no necessity f'r,orl‘ Corporation and the Licensing ComtnitteetOOf-od hand and glove together, but there seer° 73iiig reason to believe that thevelo so, notwithstolboth the protests of individual members of,. or bodies. It was too much to exPe"bso Corporation to extinguish the licence - they could get £2,550 for it, but therecoge municipal authorities who do these Quixotic tar' to for the benefit of the community. All hop 0.(1009, there ! Of course, there is yet time for the kle.ng 0 ing Committee to distinguish itself by ID"' die stand for principle and refusing to trangbere license. We are not very hopeful, however. may be some dissatisfaction at the barter "40. committee will,we thiuk,meekly ratify the lorr' ii SOC Charming old Chester was invaded iOof numbers on Thursday by the Liberal laul`Were Warrington that the residents feared they tbeir going to be compelled by force to change the own political complexion. So rapid 'Os. had advance of the invading host that the citiz.en'ideo no chance to man the walls and towers as In%set, time. The position was captured at the first„:rook and the Warringt-on army, nearly SOO ev citY marahed triumphantly through to the river, and seized the e"reo All available steamers were comm 3.1.1„;;; to, m and the troops—of ladies—steamed raP!'" Eccleston where, though a war recePtl,°- peg' been provided, they wer3 soon in comPleueroptlY session. The treasures of the Ferry were Prt° rocter yeilded up and being of an appetising c."ditlig they were soon disposed of by the myt 10Y host. Even Eaton Hall WAS compelled o d th° tribute, and only second thoughts eaveosible Dowager Duchess from seizure and ,P svo! conversion to Liberalism. The De° capee perhaps in hiding, but at any rate he eed the capture. After ravaging the countrY r°l2ildviitb conquering host returned to Chester, ah,__ for, pennons flying and martial music filling trfrrived departed for Warrington. Here th.y s, with without a single casualty being reported aflevery unit unit in the army well satisfied with t%gurY cess of the expedition. Surely a goOd for the coming electoral campaign oublig The accommodation question is still tr, "fir the members of the Warrington Board ot:that dians. The reply from the Tarvin _ froro they could receive only twenty paupers pet pet; Warrington made it futile to look for 09 m anen t T solution h,ebe r f nu number f theo pdauiffipecrusltoyeekfr direction,adniir

===== 0002601_19040716_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
ier to en he Iretty pay" and- These there

coal' do iS y tho ;0 the this

e 13,.; arv.Y P d ; ightl N. 130 raigg • the thfiD

===== 0002601_19040716_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
be 111 leg 14' yssis"3

===== 0002601_19040716_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
)ling tOl's 'roo Per-t,

===== 0002601_19040716_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
131..°13 to the House has grown considerably of late gears, and in the winter the House has been Inconveniently overcrowded. There is not much Pk_reeeure during the summer months but it is a`mlutely necessary to do something to 111eet the demand for more acccommoda- ., . ".12 Which has become more emphatic Ivith each recurring winter. At the meeting of the House Committee yesterday, the question of Providing a building suitable for the aged and VeIA inmates, intermediate in character between iilfirmary and the workhouse proper, was again ,nder consideration, and it was ultimately agreed we understand, to recommend the Guardians to 0e t such a building, of as inexpensive a nature as resible, to provide accommodation for at least Pu Persons. The Board has spent so freely on ?uilding schemes during the past five years that there is a disposition to fight shy of any further 4.l,lPenditure in bricks and mortar. But it is clear ;Tat the Guardians cannot dispose of their responsi- isllitY in this easy fashion. The difficulty will 'eve to be faced to be solved

Mr. Kruger's death quiets the severest critics, lert though even now they may Lot be inclined to 'eY good about him, they will spare themselves tterhess. Oem Paul had considerable gifts, not :me least of which was his capacity for silence, and lt lust be credited to him that he accepted the !enditions of his exile with resignation. He was ?Lee on the Continent to do what he liked, and, Veligh his reputation had suffered in Boer eyes by tle flight from South Africa at the beginning of ue war, he could have done much mis- „ef by incendiary speeches. It is true .'""'it he lived in comfort in his retirement, iled had more than enough to satisfy the „lets of old age. He had a comfortable "ie, affectionate relatives, a private secretary, hi, °Wn doctor, and the best of skilled nursing ;but the Leen who hut been so stubborn in negotiation must teve felt the wreck of all his ambitions and bee 'eeely conscious of his exile. He took his lot ~thout any sign of chagrin, and so tar he shewed 'hat he had a measure of greatness. Smaller men *would have fumed and shown their littleness in Pettish and waspish pricks. Moreover, we may 14:111°W that when his health was good he was a iirieve man. There is no doubt that this was so in e days of his youth. He would have been a <utetter man if there had been no goldrnines to cluth Africa; but few are they that escape from he influence of gold when it comes suddenly awl eurprisingly.

It is highly satisfactory to learn from Vie ex- l'erta that the agricultural prospects this season se bright as to promise greater prosperity in 'Jute rural districts than has been the case for some Nra past. Perhaps no department of national b'"Mistry stiffer d so greatly from the effects of the d!t;1 weather of the last two or three seasons a• 1 e°t agriculture. The excessive rainfall, causing ads all over the country, and the lack of any B:Btalned sunshine, rendered crops—where they rr,Ler.4 not entirely destroyed—quite unprofitable. .;:4116 year, however, all is changed. The hay croo 'll Many parts has been lbnormally heavy, and has Ifitliversally been eatisfactory. The soil, on the arraers' own admission, is in excellent trim, and trovided the weather does not continue too ,°t; and without the relief of rain, the „vro.apects for the later .crops are quite as pro- Farmers, too, have been exceptionally .a`lv.antaged this year in the conditions under raich the hay harvest has been taken. From very " quarters, indeed, do we hear of the harvest 'lng spoilt by rain. The fruit season, it is ex- _Pf!eted, will only prove moderately good; but it Watt, nevertheless, providing present anticlpations re.realised, be fairly profitable. The outlook for .I.sllc.ulture is therefore very hopeful,and the rural tricts will revel in a prosperty which they have :itttt known for some time. Agriculture may be a mecaying industry, but it still plays a very im- t,?rt.arit part in the economy of the nation, and 21t1 improvement in its condition' is certain to be -`ivantageous to the country at large.

One cannot help feeling sympathy with Sir 11, °ward Vincent, M.P., in the ill-luck which invari- a?lY attends his public appearances as a champion 91 Protection. In Tuesday's" Times " appeared a _,etter from the Sheffield baronet painting a "lightful picture of the conditions of the work- 33ee in the United States under the regime of the `'Llriti and the Trusts. Unfortunately, on the very .6,,,/ree day the New York " World " was bewailing re universal prevalence of unemployment and dis- 'tees in the country. According to an estimate Which it bases on inquiries made throughout the Country, it arrives at the startling conclusion that Ttl June 24th there were no fewer than 655,000 Idle wage-earners in the United States. These are tlassified as follows : Railway employees New England mill operatives BO,OOO Packing-home employees 75,000 Iron and steel workers . 140,000 Coal miners 60,000 Workers in other trades and industries lBO,OOO

655,000 Our Protectionist friends will find tiiese tigure3 rather awkward to get over.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
Index to Inside Pages.

RAGE 2. Women's Chat and Fashions. Murder Rumours at Warrington. "The Dancer's Will "by Jean Middlemass. a. Messrs. Peter Walker's Excursion (Special). Runcorn Rural Council. Events of the Week (Illustrated). g• Our Loci" Churches. Trades and Labour Council. Education Committee Business. Awheel to Beestou. Board of Guardians. Police intelligence. Government and the Liquor Traffic. Charge against a Tirade Union Treasurer. 7. Passive Resisters at Daresbury. Progress and Poverty. Runcorn Board of Guardians.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
MESSRS. GREENALL'S NEW FIRE ENGINE.

Trial at Wilderspool Brewery.

Aressrs Greenall Whitley and Company of Wilders- -11131301 Brewery ' ery were the first of local firms to establish a I,re brigade of their own, ani on many occasions it has :ndered useful public service. The firm have now Lr',,es one step further by purchasing a more powerful 11P-to-date engine to replace the one which has in use for the past 14 years. Messrs. Merryweather, London, were entrusted with the contract, and iresterdav morning there was a trial of the new engine the Brewery yard, in the presence of Sir Gilbert and Greenall, Mr. Whitley, Mr. J. Wynne-Jones, Mr. _'llll. Roberts and a member of officials and friends. 'us flew engine, which bears the name of "Empress," ,-„°ne of Messrs. Merryweather's latest type, the ta‘),reenwich Gem "pattern, and has rurnerous advan- tSes and special features. Engines of this design have t 1,7,11 supplied to many local firms. The machinery of In '8 Pattern steam fire engine is placed vertically in the Anst convenient position behind the boiler, as well as fire door at rear. The engineer riding on the foot- s can thus light up and stoke the furnace while yelling, ensuring full steam for working the -v,„',ll2Ps on arrival at a fire, and also is able to ,zil"'sh all gauges and work the interjector as required. Dcvs boiler is of Merryweather's patent water tube ern, capable of raising steam from cold water to Ii flg pressure infrom 6to 8 minutes from time of VC"Ilg the fire, and of maintaining steam easily 'hen- the pumps are running at full speed. 11-10 e boiler and chimney are handsomely lagged with ished brass,and a full set of fittings is provided. The e of the engine is of steel, strongly bolted together Ito-%nted on steel springs wrought iron axles and high Ilia ' °" spoke wheels with Mail axles for rapid travelling,. livA" engine will pump 300 gallons par minute and de- th'r a jet 150 feet high. It is handsomely finished lenghont. 5 4.t the test the time occupied in getting up steam was iznlltlin- 15 secs. This was rather longer than anticipated liin„'"vas owing to the fact that it was in an enclosed clra-a and there was no chance of getting a bottom •sevlight. The pumping capacity,of the engine was then -jet erelY tested and proved highly satisfactory. A single t 0 th a nozzle of 15/16th was projected 210ft.,whilst t;?' half-inch jets were projected 90 feet. Various other Ilrels were equally successful, and in case of fire at the opnweq, the engine is quite capable of throwing a jet inter the highest pinnacle. Mr. H. R. Hopper super- njled the experiments on behalf of the makers, and fteer Mawley was in charge of the engine. Tf:,P,sequently luncheon was served at the Saracen's untel, at which Sir Gilbert Greenall presided. A lire-Xer of invited guests were present as well as the /earl under the superintendence of Mr. Ince. Several dee Were submitted and congratulatory speeches "erect on the success of the tests.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Personal. We are pleased to announce that Mr. Edward G-. P. Worsley is amongst the successful candidates at the recent final examination previous to being ad- mitted as a solicitor. Mr. Worsley is the eldest son of the late Mr. James E. Worsley of Winwick and was articled:to Messrs. Woods and Sons, solicitors of this town. We regret to state that Mrs. Birtles is lying very seriously ill at her residence in Fearnhead. On inquiry last night we learned that 'there was "no change."

Coming Events. " Why I appeared before the magistrates" will be the Rev. H. Dunnico's subject at Golborne Baptist Church to-morrow (Sunday) evening. The meetings of the Spiritualist Society to-morrow (Sunday) and on Monday will be addressed by Mrs. Brown, who will also give clairvoyance. Next Satur- day a meeting of the South-West Lancashire District Union will be held at Warrington.

The last anniversary in Warrington of the Clergy Widows and Orphans' Society and Clergy Daughters' School will be celebrated on Wednesday, the 27th inst. Full particulars appear in our advertising columns. An extraordinary general meeting of Parr's Bank Limited, will be held at the bank premises, Winwick- street, Warrington, on Thursday, the 28th inst. Manchester Ship Canal Bill. This bill will be considered in committee next Tuesday. There is no opposition. Accident to a Porter. Early on Monday morning Frederick Wilson, living at Orford Post Office, was admitted to the Infirmary, suffering from a compound fracture of one of his arms. He had met with an accident whilst following his employment as a porter at Bank Quay Station.

UNDER the CLOCK for GOOD BOOTS.—Advt. The Blantyre Bone Setter.—A Local Case. A Warrington lady waited upon Mr. Rae, the Blantyre bone-setter at Bolton last week for treat- tment. Twenty-nine years ago, we understand, she dislocated her hip, and was told at the time that she was suffering from shock. She was treated for this without beneficial result, but on Mr. Rae being visited he said her hip was dislocated, and he immediately proceeded to put it in its proper place. The opera- tion was not a painful one, and for the first time for 29 years the patient is now able to put her foot down properly. She hopes to be able to walk with freedom in a short space of time.

The George Hotel Licence. Subject to the approval of the Town Council and the Licensing Authority, the licence of the George Hotel has been sold to Messrs. Peter Walker and Sons, for £2,550. The Corporation acquired the hotel for street widening purposes and it is to he pulled down shortly. We understand that at the meeting of the Finance Committee at which the mat- ter was considered, Councillor Dodds and Thornton voted for the extinction of the license.

" Nothing to Work in." At the St. Helens Police Court on Saturday, Michael Logan, of 17, Antrobus-Street, Warrington, was charged with stealing clothing from the Sherdley clolliery, belonging to John Davies, John Duffy, and Owen Francis Jones, all workmen at the colliery. It appeared that certain articles of clothing were missed from the colliery, and prisoner, who had worked there, was found wearing some of the things. He was arrested by Police-Constable Littler, and on being charged with the theft, he admitted his guilt, adding that he had nothing to work in, and he intended replacing them when he drew a full week's pay.—The Bench committed him for trial at the next Liverpool Quarter Sessions.

To-day's Fire Brigade .Tournament. This afternoon the Wilderspool Football ground is to be the venue of the annual tournament in connec- tion with the North-Western District of the National Fire Brigades' -Union. An exceptionally interesting programme has been arranged, commencing at 1.45 with the inspection of the conipeting brigades which number eighteen and include Messys. Crosfield's,(War- rington), Widnes, and Winwick. The events will include five competitions, and the closing item will be the "house on fire" exhibition,introducing life-saving drills. There will be a hydrant drill for teams of girls from Messrs. Crosfield's works, and a competi- tion between .the Liverpoll and Warrington Works Brigades of Messrs. Crosfield. The prizes will be presented by Mr. A.ll. Crosfield.

PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER the CLOCK for BEST BOOT -in LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Musical Successes.

At the recent examination held in connection with the Victoria College, the following pupils of Miss Maud Jennings passed successfully :—.lk.Fss Elsie Johnson, junior grade, Ist class with honours ; Miss Kitty A.court, junior grade, Ist class with honours ; Miss May fleatley, preparatory grade, Ist class with honours.

At the recent music examination held in Liverpool in connection with Trinity College, London, the following pupils of the Misses Williams, The Priory School, were successful candidates for pianoforte playing :—Preparatory grade, Doris Williams ; junior grade, Bessie Lee ; intermediate (honours), Gertrude Constance Hall. lAt the examination in connection with the Incor- porated Society of Musicians, the following pupils of Miss Annie Suston, A.L.C.M., 1, Academy-street. War- rington, successfully passed in singing :—Miss Bertha Robertson, Rixton New Hall, (first grade); Miss Muriel Bibby, Fern Lea, Hough Green (second grade.) Pianoforte playing, Victoria College, London, senior division : Miss Ettie Smith and Miss Alice Heath, Warrington.

FIRE GRATES of every description.—J. S. GAR- LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street,Warringion.— Advt. • Music in the Park. There will ba two band performances in the Park on Sunday. In the afternoon the Borough Band will play the following programme :-:--Anthem, `• Shepherd of *Souls," B. D. Jackson ; march, Cossack," W. Rimmer ; Overture, "Caliph of Bagdad," Boieldiev ; selection, " Creation" (Belle Vue test piece), Haytln ; selection, "II G-inramento," Mercadante •' selection; "Beatrice 'Di Tenda," " Bellini ; "God Save the King." Conductor, Mr. T. Griffin.—Lieutenant- Colonel Edelsten and officers commanding the Ist Volunteer Battalion (P.W.V.) South Lancashire Regi- ment, have kindly consented for the Volunteer Ban d to give a performance in the Park in the evening, com- mencing at 7.45. The programme will be :—March, "With Sword and Lance," Starke ; fantasia (sacred), "The Sabbath Garland," Newton ; selection, " Schubert," Round ; selection, " Elijah," Mendels- sohn ; chorus, "Hallelujah," Handel; march, "The Crusader," Sousa ; " God Save the King." Mr. J. F. Richardson, bandmaster. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-63. SANKEY-STREET, 'Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S

1/. TINS ASSORTED BISCUITS.

CONTAINING 12 KINDS:

===== 0002601_19040716_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
OVAL RICH TEA

POLO

KIEL FINGERS ALEXANDRA HANOVER RAGLAN THIN ARROWROOT CREAM CRACKERS

MEXICAN MILK OATW WAFERS , CHEESE WAFERS

TTT

===== 0002601_19040716_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 16, 1904

Temporary Authority.

At the Borough Police Court on Mlnday, John Thomas Collins was granted temporary authority to sell at an off licensed house, 9, Aikin-street, in lieu oj Albert Charles Binks.

LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS and SHOES, UNDER the CLOCK, BRID GE-STREET.—Ad-A. ASK for CIINNDIGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS NEINERAL WATERS.—Advt. Warrington Infirmary and Dispensary.

The Hon. Treasurer (51r. George- Dakin acknow- ledges, with thanks, a donation of Sal. is. 6d. received from the St. Mary's Amateur Dramatic Society, through their Hon. Secretary, Mr. M. J. Hearne. The Free Churches and Winwick.

A meeting of the Free Church Council Executive was held last night in Bold-street vestry, to consider the further development of the Winwick scheme. Rev. John Yonge read out a list of subscriptions amount- ing in all to £270. A res9lution was passed sanction- ing the prosecution of the scheme, and building operations will be commenced as soon as practicable. Local Oddfellowship. The half yearly meeting of the Prince of Wales Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd-fellows (Manchester Unity) was held at the Pelican Hotel on Thursday evening, Past Grand Cotton presiding. The balance sheet was submitted and showed the actual worth of the lodge to be £2,81S us. 9.1 d. The amount standing to the credit of the sick fund was £2771 ss. 3d ; management fund,£s3 6s. 7d ; benevo- lent fund, £23 19s. 61d. The Secretary (P.G. Thomas Wadsworth) reported that there had been distributed in sick pay duric.g the half year £153 9s. 6d. P. G. GArtland was app inted sick isitor. Marriage_ of Mr. R. B. Roberts. _ _

At St.—Mary's Church, Kirkdale, on Thursday, the marriage was solemnized of Mr. Robert Benjamin Roberts, youngest son of the Rev. Hugh Roberts, of Anfield, and chid clerk in the Warrington Educa- tion Office, and Miss Carrie 4.Davies, youngest daughter of the late Ur. John Wieldon Davies, of Anfield. The -Rev. W. Stanton Jones was the officiating clergyman. The bride was becom- ingly dressed in white silk, And carried a lovely bougut,t. She was attended by two brides- maids, Miss Lily Davies (sister of the bride), and Miss Eva Thompson. The duties of bast man were discharged by Mr. John Roberts "(brother of the bridegroom.) After the ceremony a reception was held, and later the newly married couple left for London and Eastbourne where the honeymoon will be spent. There were numerous presents, including a fire screen and copper plant stands from the officials of the Warrington Education Office and Secondary School, and a trinket set from Mr. J. Moore Murray.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARGE AGAINST A TRADE UNION

TREASURER.

Withholding Funds.

"SICKNESS, DRINK AND GAMBLING."

At the Warrington Police Court, yasterdly, Frederic Buckley Mellor, Brook-street, off Howley-lane, was summoned that being the treasurer of the Warrington branch of the National Amalgamated Society of Operative House and Ship Painters and Decorators and having, in his possession £7O 19s. sd. the money cf the union, he unlawfully and wilfully withheld the same.— Mr. Steel appeared for the defendant who pleaded not guilty. Mr. Browne prosecuted and expressed surprise at defendant's plea, as he had already made a clean breast of the matter. Defendant was appointed treasurer of the Warrington branch of the Society in 1895. He (Mr. Browne) quite admitted that the branch committee had been somewhat lax, because although they had asked defendant from time to time whether he had paid money into the bank, they had never asked to see the bank book. Unfortunately when the audit was made on June 28th. it was found that there was a balance missing of £7O 19s. sd. The funds had all been subscribed by workingmen. When the matter was reported to the general secretary, the defendant along with the Rev. C. Harvey Cook, of Cairo-street Chapel, went before the committee, admitted everything and begged that the offence should be looked over. Defend- ant said he had been betting and drinking. The pro- ceedings were taken under the Trades Union Act of 1871, which said that the Bench had the power to order the payment of the money lost or missing, and also to impose a penalty not exceeding £2O and costs. The case was as bad as it could be. In January defendant was advised by Mr. Cook to stop betting, but he would not, and the result was that he had gone from bad to worse.

Mr. George M. Sunley, J.P., of Salford, general secretary of the Society, submitted rules detailing the treasurer's duties. Defendant admitted to him that he was £7O 19s. sd. short in his cash. The Rev. C. H. Cook appealed to him on behalf of defendant's wife and family, stating that he had very little sympathy for the defendant, but he had a great deal for the wife and children. A few days later defendant and the Rev. C. H. Cook went, before the committee and pleaded for leniency, defendant again admitting that he was £7O 19s. sd. short. On withess asking defendant what he had been doing, he replied that he had been drinking and gambling. Mr. Cook stated that in Janu- ary the defendant spoke to him about being short of money, and he then advised defendant to go to him (witness) and make a clean breast of the whole thing. Instead of, .doing that, defendant went from bad to worse.

In answer to Mr. Steel, witness said the treasurer's salary varied according to the number of members of the branch. The committee did not lay down a hard and fast rule as to how much money the treasurer had to keep in hand. In winter, when out-of-work benefits were paid,he must have a larger amount in hand than he had in summer.

Mr. Steel: Don't you think £47 us. nd. was a large sum to leave in his hands?

Witness: Not in the winter.

Further questioned-, witness said defendant told him that when he had to produce money to the auditors at the half-yearly audits, he obtained loans from public house landlords, and afterwards paid them back. He did not know whether the defendant had carried out the rule regulating his duties in its entirety. Witness had not gone trough the books to see whether they showed that there was a balance due from the defendant of £7O 19s. sd. The auditors had examined them

The deputy magistrates' clerk (Mr. E. A. White): You admit the balance is owing. Mr. Steel : Yes. The defence is entirely legal. Con- tinuing he contended that defendant had complied with the rules, and there could be no criminal charge. It was simply a question of debtor and creditor with the society. Further questioned, Mr. Sunley admitted that he told the defendant that if he could raise half the money the society would not take proceedings against him, and he could pay the remainder by instalments. Mr. Steel : I want to know whether there has been any falsification of accounts. Mr. Browne: Absolutely none.

Mr. Steel: And the accounts show there is £7O 19s. sd. owing? Mr. Browne: That is admitted.

_ Mr. Steel then quoted cases under the Friendly Societies Act, in which it was held that inability to pay over money to the trustees did not constitute with- holding or misapplying the funds of a society. It must be shown that the treasurer was guilty of some fraud or misrepresentation. The treasurer, contended Mr. Steel, might use the money as his own without incur- ring any liability beyond the indebtedness. In this case the books had not been falsified and showed every detail as to the balance due from the defendant. There was therefore, no criminal intent. Mr. Browne said the cases quoted by Mr. Steel were taken under a different Act of Parliament. _ _ _

The Deputy 'Magistrates' Clerk ruled that unless Mr. Steel could find something in the Trades Union Act i corresponding to section 32 n the Friendly Societies' Act the cases quoted were not authorities. Under the Friendly Societies' Act there was a general section similar to the one in the Trades Union Act and a special section providing for civil proceedings against the treasurer. Under the Trades Union Act there was onel section relating to proceedings in all cases. At the request of Mr. Steel the magistrates expressed,their , willingness to state a case. Mr. Steel said the defendant was a well known War- rington man and hitherto had held an exemplary character. It was owing to sickness of the family that he came to interfere with the funds of the society. His wife and two children were • in delicate health and had to be medically attended. Defendant was out of work for periods of sixteen weeks and thirteen weeks. He had to incur considerable expense to send one of his boys to Liverpool hospital, and he was tempted V) take some money. He then did what many another man had done and took drink inithe hope of drowning his sorrows. Instead, he (Mr. Steel) was afraid he drowned his character. Afterwards he foolishly took more money and used it in betting in the hope that he would get all back and re- pay the society. At his (Mr. Steel's) suggestion he made a clean breast of everything to the general secretary. In conclusion Mr. Steel pointed out that if the Bench ordered the defendant to at once repay the money and a fine, he would have to go to prison for three months. He appealed to them to grant time for repayment. The Mayor said the bench thought justice would be done by ordering the defendant to repay the £7O 19s. sd. within six months, or go to gaol for one month with hard labour.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN FATTIER'S CRUEL CONDUCT.

John ii;;;;;;,---do-OV-Ta;CoUre-r:--k-u-n-COrn, went home drunk on gaturday night, turned his wife out, and took his infaolt daughter from her bed. At two o'clock on Sunday morning Superintendent Ennion found him perambulating the streets. The child had only a small shirt and one skirt on, and was stiff with the cold. On mouday the Runcorn magistrates fined him in a total sum of 255. BOY'S ESCAPE FROM DROIA'NING.

Michael Downey, a lad aged fourteen, residing in Victoria-street, entering the canal at Widnes,on Monday to bathe, attempted to swim across, but as soon as he got halfway he sank. A man named Wilkinson, reached the spot with a small boat, divested himself of somc of his clothing, and lowered himself down to the bottom on the pole of a boathook. After fully a minute and a half, during which time he had become exhausted him- self, and was in the act of rising to the surface, he luckily caught hold of Downey's leg. Both were pulled out, the lad being to all appearances dead. Two men from the works rendered first aid. Artificial respira- tion was applied, and the boy btought round sufficiently to be taken home wrapped in blankets.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

ST. HELENS BOY'S DODGE.

Robert Cunfiffe, a boy of fourteen .living at 48, Lascelles-street, went into a fruiterer's slop inbGeorge- street, St. Helens, kept by Mrs. Morse, on Wednesday, and asked for change of a shilling. Mrs. Morse gave him a shilling's worth of copper and then he ran away. This caused her to look at the shilling when she found it was only a metal token. 'She ran out and the lad was stopped by a passer-by, and handed to the police. He pleaded guilty on Thursday to stealing by means of a trick, and the magistrates fined him ss. or seven days. BATHING FATALITY NEAR ST. HELE.NS.

_ Much excitement was caused in the small village of Haydock on Wednesday night by the effort to recover the body of a young man named Heath, who was drowned whilst bathing in a large pool of water near the old Beeston Colliery. Heath was about twenty years of age, and. lived in Ashton-inrMakerfield. It appears he was bathing along with some other men and got into difficulties. His body was recovered after three hours' search. The affair is very sad on account of the fact that Heath's,father was killed at the colliery close by twelve months ago.

The Senior Honours Certificate of Trinity College London, in pianoforte playing, has been won by Master Williamson,lo, York-street, Runcorn, a boy of 15 years, and a pupil of Mr. William Cooke F.R.C.0., of 45, Waterloo-road, Runcorn. This is very creditable for one so young, and reminds us that two years ago, Master Williamson won the special prize for obtaining thehighest number of marks in the Liverpool district, in the Intermediate Pass Division pianoforte playing of the same college.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HEAT WAVE.

SUDDEN DEATH OF MR.S.B. STRINGER.

Funeral Yesterday.

The death occurred on Tuesday evening, with painful suddenness of Mr. Samuel Bennett Stringer, of 150, WilderspoOl Causeway. Mr. Stringer was proceeding by the 5.28 p.m. train from Warrington to Widnes and whilst in conversation with a well-known local gentle- man he fell forward and became unconscious in a few moments. His fellow traveller did everything he could in the emergency to bring him round, but failed. On arrival at Sankey Station, Mr. Stringer was taken out of the train and carried into a waiting room. Dr Murray was early in attendance, but after examination pronounced life to be extinct. For the past year or so, Mr. Stringer had been troubled with a weak heart and death is attributed to syncope. It is suppopecl that the excessive heat of Tuesday exhausted him `and contri- buted to his death.

The late Mr. Stringer was a well-known figure in local Wesleyan circles, where he was held in the highest resperA. He was connected with both the Warrington and Widnes circuits, and had performed the duties of a local preacher for nearly 40 years. He rarely missed a preaching engagement, and was untiring in Christian service. He was superintendent of the Stockton Heath Wesleyan Sunday school, and secretary of the Local Preachers Mutual Aid Asspciation. He was connected, with the Free Church Council and the Band of Hope. Union. A teetotaler himself, he endeavoured to inculcate teetotalism in others. Some years ago he took the very practical step of organising Saturday evening, penny concerts, first in the old Wesleyan school in Buttermarket-street, and afterwards in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street. These concerts proved very successful, but wore given up when the Corporation commenced Saturday evenino.b concerts in Parr Hall. He was greatly interested in the Y.M.C.A. movement, and was connected with it from its inaugura- tion to its close in Warrington. He was several times an aspirant for municipal honours, the last time in the interests of the Non-traders.. On that occasion, namely in 1903, he opposed Mr. Willia-n John Wilson in the Latchford Ward, but WAS' defAatei, 433 votes being recorded for Mr. Wilson arid 334 for NT,.. Stringer. Mr. Stringer hated canvassing at eie..;tion times and did not canvass for a single vote.

He was formerly in business at Widnes, but retired in 1887 and came to live in Warrington. He was 62 years of age and leaves a widow, and six children. The funeral took place yesterday at Farnworth. The cortege left the deceased's late residence at noon and proceeded to Bold-street Wesleyan Church, where a short memorial service was held. The Rev. G. H. Carnson conducted and he was assisted by the Rev R. Wilkins Rees and the Rev. W. C. J. Neville. Ile coffin was borne by six local preachers, namely, Messrs. M Osborne, A. Perkins, F. Wright, J. W. Sherlock, W. Hickman, and W. Collier. The chief mourners were Mr. nd Mrs. Oswald Stringer,Mr.and Mrs S. B. Stringer (Doncaster) and Mr. and Mrs. F. Stringer) (Warringtoo), sons and daughters- in-law ; Mrs. Hughes (Widnes), Miss S. Stringer and Miss A. E. Stringer, daughters ; I Mrs Peers, (Birmingham) and Mrs. Balshaw (Earlestown), stepdaughters. Mr. Chas. Stringer (Widnes). and Mr. Joseph Stringer (Earlestown) brothers; Messrs. Joseph Stringer (Doncaster). Peter Stringer (Warrington), Charles Stringer (Lonion), G. Ra,wling (Rawtenstall), W. Gleave (Warrington), brothers-in-law; Mrs. Toft sister-in-law; Mr. Hughes (Widnes), Mr. Balshaw (Earlestown), Mr. Rees (Birmingham), and a number of nephews and nieces.

A number of friends attended the service as a tribute of respect. Stockton Heath Church and Sunday school was represented by Messrs. A. Lamplugh, S. Miss, Spenseley, John Miller, R. Miller, and S. Brereton. The circuit stewards, Mr. George Weaver and Mr. J. G. Withinshaw were present,and the Free Church Council was reprecensed by the president (Rev. John Yonge.) Amongst others present were Mr. J. W. Hayward J.P., Mr. W. W. Winstanley, Mr. Patterson, Mr. G. Bailey, Mr. Waring, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Clegg and Mr. Johnson.

The Rev. G. H. Carnson delivered a brief adire3s, in whiclihe made a touching reference to Mr. Stringer's many good qualities. They did not sorrow, he said, without hope, for they had the conviction that one of these days they would meet again never to depart. Mr. W. H. Payton, Mus. BAC, presided at the organ and played several pieces befitting the occasion. At the close of the service,the processionwas re-formed and proceeded by road to Farnworth. Here it was met by a number of local preachers who acted as bearers and several sympathising frieais. The Rev. G. H. Carnson performed the last rites.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
A Second Death on the Cheshire Lines.

It is a painful coincidence that a second death through the excessive heat occurred on the Cheshire Lines system on Wednesday. In this case also the victim was a well-known inhabitant of Warrington. Mr. Thomas J. Jowett, of 119, Marshhouse-lane. who was employed as a wiredrawer at the works of Messrs. Rylands Bros. had been on a visit to his daughter, Mrs. Owen, at Urmston fwseveral days, and on 'Wednesday evening left the house for the station to return to War- rington, apparently in his usual health. Having booked, he took a seat on the platform and a few minutes later was seen to fall across the set. When some men who were on the station went to hrn they found him unconscious, and though artificial respiration was tried, in five minutes death took place. Yesterday an inquest was held and the medical evidence showed that death was due to heart failure brought about by the excesssve heat. A verdict to this effect was returned. Mr. Jowett, who was 55 years of age, had lived in Warrington twenty-four years. In Wesleyan circles he was particularly well-known and esteemed, having been a worshipper at Bold-street Church, and a teacher at Ellesmere-street Mission. He was a staunch Liberal,and an active member of the Order of FBresters. He leaves a widow, three sons and six daughters. The funeral will take place at the Cemetery on Sunday.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SOCIAL SERVICE LEAGUE.

A meeting of the provisional committee of this league was held last evening in the Baptist Schoolroom, Go!- borne street. It %vas decided to hold the constitutive meeting in October. It was also arranged to have a lecture in December next by Mr. Budget Meakin of the Shaftesbury Industrial Betterment League on "Ideal conditions of Labour." The work for the ensuing season was mapped out.

_ „, ,

===== 0002601_19040716_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

Fortune again smiled on the Warringtonians on Satur- day, and they gained a brilliant victory over South Manchester at Withington. The home team could make little headway against the smart bowling and fielding of their opponents, and when the last wicket fell only 94 had been compiled. Warrington went to work with a will and when the time limit was reached their total stood at 152 with only seven wickets down. Warrington have thus had the satisfaction of beating South Manchester twice this season, the first engagement at Arpley resulting in the home team's favour to the tune of 122 to 24. Saturday's engagement marked Warrington's eleventh victory of the season, the three additional matches having ended in draws.

The bulk of the scoring for South Manchester was done by E. W. Dann who ran up 56. The Warrington bowling was difficult to deal with, W. H. Podmore acifieving the best average. His capture was two wickets for 10 runs. Lynes secured five wickets for 47 runs—a very creditable performance—and J. W. Bibby took one for 20.

An exhilarating disnlay was given by the Warrington Captain, E. A. Connor, who was in great form. He made some very powerful hits' and placed no fewer than eight fours to his credit. His innings realized 58. J. Callon rendered very valuable service, and compiled 37 (not out) without a faulty stroke. Lynes knocked up a capital 22, and J. W. Bibby made 14 (not out).

The second eleven had a surprisingly easy task in disposing of South Manchester second. The combined efforts of the visitors produced only 50, Plinston being the destructive agent. He captured four wickets at the ridiculously small cost of nine runs. The Warrington batsmen acquitted themselves credit- ably, and compiled 172 for the loss of nine wickets. Tlaewlis (41), Duckworth (28), and E. Pierpoint (38) were the top scorers.

St. Paul's gained a creditable victory at the expense of Penketh Friends' school, the totals being 81 and 26 respectively. Therelwas no tall scoring f the best per- formance being Seed's innings for 19.

By the small margin of 6, Bold-street Wesleyan; accounted for Monks, Hall, none of the players attain- ing a higher score than 10. Chester and Robinson each placed this total to his credit.

Orford Barracks had not much difficulty in defeatinz the "Guardian" printers, and here again the scoring was low, E. Gelderd (15 not out) heading the list.

Latchford Baptists had to admit defeat at the hands of Crosfield's, who ran up a margin of 23. T. Whitfield (15) did good work with the bat, the bowling honours being shared by Dargan and Atherton. The first-name 1 captured seven wickets for 14 runs, and Atherton was responsible for two for 6.

The Wigan eleven figured on the Arpley enclosure on Thursday, and Warrington were somewhat fortunate in making a draw. Owing to the heavy work of tbe past week Lynes was a little off colour,and Warringtoa were further handicapped as E. A. Connor was unable to bowl. The visitors had the assistance of Dr. Campbell, of Huyton, and T. Ainscougb of Orraskirk, who were responsible for 170 runs for the third wicket. Going on at 200 G. Hampson did a remarkable bowling per- formance,taking seven wickets for 33 runs. The Wigan innings realized 266. Warrington in reply made 136 for six wickets, P. B. If.awtin playing delightful cricket for his 53.

Lynes was playing for Warwickshire against Surrey on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, and gave a good account of himself. In the first innings he took one. wicket for 16 runs, and in the second 2 wickets for 75 Hcwas the only bowler who captured 2 wickets in this innings. He also knocked up 26.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

Bowling was again resumed in earnest on Saturday, and once more the weather was ideal. The Works Com- petition, which has proved so popular throughout the season, has q,ow almost run its course, and there was a record attendance on the King and Queen ground to witness the semi-final. The enthusiasm of the spectators was really remarkable, and showed how great was the interest in the struggle. The defeat of Houghton's Wire Works by Cheshire Lines came as a surprise to many. The railway men thoroughly deserved thevictory if only for the energy they have all shown in practising. The green was particulurly "fast," and Houghton's did not seem to get used to it. They had not practised nearly so much as their oppon- ents, and to this,their downfall must in a great measure be attributed.

There were some interesting encounters, and towards the close George Rutter and Arthur Bellian did their best to avert the defeat of the Wire Works, by beating their men 15-7 and 15-6 respectively. John Taylor, an experienced bowler, was severely trounced by J. Holbrook. The green was altogether too fast for him, and Holbrook piled on a margin of 15-1. Sam Fletcher just managed to defeat D. Bromley after a very keen contest. Bromley had a run of 11 before Fletcher got a look in. A series of' successes then fell to Fletcher, who soon led by 14-11. Then Bromley gained a single and a double, and at the fifteenth end each player had placed 14 to his credit. Fletcher was fortunate enough to obtain the winning point.

Pearson and Knowles fulalled my expectations by defeating Rylands No. 1. The secret of their success is that all the players can be depended upon. Although when half the games had been decided Houghton's were leading by one point, the forgemen asserted their superiority and ran out winners by the handsome major- ity of 29. A surprising feature was that R. Rothwell, one of the best bowlers in the forge team, was severely beaten by Fred Miller. The last-named played an exceptionally good game,and fully deserved his success. Rothwell was quite unable to make headway, and at the thirteenth end Miller claimed the victory by 15-2.

Of course, Houghton's had high hopes when the game was just in their favour, but Tom Davies's decisive victory over James Wood, the Wire Works captain. made the ironworkers' position almost secure George Ball, the captain of the winning team, played splendidly against George Holbrook and won by 15-8. The contestants never drew level and at the tenth end the position was G-8 in Holbrook's favour. Then Ball had a run of successes which gave him a creditable victory. .. . •

There was a light game between Fred Baker and James Jennings. The players were very evenly matched, as the scoring shows :-1-0, 1-2, 2-2, 4-2, 5-2, 5-3, 5-5, 6-5, 6-6, 7-5, 9-6, 9-7, 9-8, 9-9, 9-10, 10-10, 10-11, 12-11, 12-13, 13-13, 13-14, 13-15. The last game was very interesting, the contestants being IL Williams and R. Knight. The last-named had a run of 6, and there Williams got a double. Knight followed with a single, but then kept at a standstill until Williams was leading by 8-7. From this point the scoring was 8-8, 8-9, 8-10, 9-10, 9-11, 10-11, 11-11, 11-12, 13-12, 15-12. 2 bowling notes.. . _

This afternoon will witness the battle for the cup, and a rare struggle is expected. I shall, however be surprised if Pearson and Knowles do not carry off the trophy. The match commences at four o'clock, and as the proeeeds are to be devoted to the Infirmary and District Nursing Associat;on, a splendid attendance is hoped for. Captain G. R. Crosfield, the president of the Association, will present the cup and medals.

Pearson and Knowles's organization includes many bowlers of repute. The captain is George Ball, jun., a well-known county player, than whom there is no more enthusiastic bowler in Warrington. He figured in the Lancashire County team last season, and the feature of his play is that he is always intensely in earnest. He has been connected with the Cemetery Club for a good number of years, and his father is well-known through- out the district as a veteran champion bowler.

_ The Cheshire Lines can also boast a strong team Their captain is John Monks who is considered to be one of the best if not the best trundler on the King and Queen green. Born in theneighbourhood, he has played on the green from childhood, and can always be relied upon to give- a good display. The railway team is further strengthened by the inclmion of George Higham a skilful bowler who captains the Horse and Jockey team.

There will be another great attraction next Satur- day, in the encounter betwean Winners v. Rest. The committee will select the team to represent " the rest" at their meeting on Monday. The proceeds on this occasion also will go.to the Infirmary and Nursing Asso- ciation.

On the following Saturday, a handicap main will be commenced, and entries -must be sent in by Tuesday, July 26th, at 9 p.m. Only those who are bonafide workmen and are employed at works which have entered the Cup Competition will be allowed to compete. Men who have not been playing in the Cop Competition but are bonafide workmen, will be eligible. Any workman leaving an unaffiliated works to go to an affiliated one will not be eligible to play until he has been in the latter's employment one month from date of entry,

There were three matches in connection with the Warrington and District League on Saturday. The en- counter between Brooklands and Sankey Chapel House was remarkable for exciting games. For instance, J. Barton at one time led R. Baker by 11-1, but such an improvement of form did Baker show, that in the end Barton claimed the victory by a single. J. Jackson and J. Golding also provided a keen contest. Golding started well, and at one time was ahead by 11-0. After a severe tussle Jack- son won by 3 points. The surroundings of the Brook- lands green are at present looking at their best, the flowers being in full bloom.

Fearnhead proved superior to Horse and Jockey on their own green, and ran out winners by 11 points. Some close games were witnessed, R. Mercer defeating A. Scott and John Westen accounting for D. Daniels by one point. Bull's Head suffered defeat at Penketh by a margin of 7, and here again there were exciting struggles. J. W. Jolley beat J. Bowyer by 15-14, and S. Shaw triumphed over A. Gleave by the same narrow majority.

On Thursday evening Sankey Chapel House exper- ienced an uncommonly severe drubbing at Fearnhead. the adverse majority being over the century. Fearn- head are going strong at present!

The following is the league table up to date P. W. L. For Agst. Pts. Cemetery Horse and Jockey 9 ... 5 ... 4 -.1394 ...1152 ... 10 Chapel House Bull's *Head Fearnhead ll ... 5 ... 6 -.1460 -.1646 ... 10 Brooklands Penketh Liberal Club

To-day's League matches are : Chapel House v. Libdral Club. Horse and Jockey v. Cemetery.

On Thursday, Penketh Park meet Sankey Chapel House.

No definite arrangements have yet been made for the opening of the municipal bowling green, winch is in fine condition; but 1 hear it is not unlikely that there will be a match between teams representing the War- rington and District League and the Works Bowling Association. Such a contest would be a great attrac- tion, and would no doubt give satisfaction to all enthusiasts.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling.

Unuer the heading "Prominent Agents" last week's issue of "The Cyclist Trade Review" contained an interesting article on the business and athletic achiev- ments of Mr. W. H. Bellian, of Warrington. The writer says "It would be hard to find a better own or more highly respected cycle and motor agent in Lancashire than Mr. W. H. Bellian, of the Royal Cambrian Cycle and Motor works, Sankey-street, War- rington, and there are few more substantially built and tastefully arranged or more conveniently situated depots in the County Palatine than his. Mr. Bellian (commonly known as "Raleigh "Bellian has been established in Warrington for fourteen years, eleven of which he was in partnership with Mr. Connah, trading under the style of Connah and Bellian. Three years ago he purchased the business outright, and has remained since then the sole proprielpor. Connected with cycling from the early days when the 'good old ordinary 'was lin vogue, he has had many and varied experiences of the sport and pastime." Dealing with Mr. Bellian's premises and equipment, the writer states that the latest extension contains accommodation for about forty large motor cars. "In local cycling circles" continues the article "Mr. Bellian is well known and exceedingly popular. He has been an active and enthu- siastic member of the large and. flourishing Warrington Cycling Club for many years, and has held office for seventeen years without a break. On the racing track Mr. Bellian was one of the best known riders in the district for many years. He was a most consistent rider and raced for sixteen years in succession, winning prizes every year." An excellent photo of Mr. Bellian and an illustration of the shop front accompanied the article.

The Warrington Cycling Club's "President's Day" was favoured with ideal weather, and all thoroughly enjoyed the outing. The genial president was delighted to welcome his visitors, and a pleasing feature was that so many made the journey by road. The event is fully reported in another column.

On Tuesday evening a run to Glazebury was under- taken but owing to the stormy outlook only a dozen members put in an appearance. After spending a pleasant evening the return was commenced, but the thunderstorm made things uncomfortable for the wheelers. Warrington was reached without mishap, though at a later hour than usual.

A bowling match with Widnes C. C. was played at Sankey onWednesday,and the Widnesians were victorious by 11 points. Scores :

WARRINGTON C.C. WIDNES C.C. T. Redfern J. Davies f - J. Banks 111 G. H. Smith 1 -,,, J. Hovrabin J. Critchley f " D Harding }l5 A Sanders 1 ) H J. Rice J s 115 G. Grant W. Litton 1 R Briggs 115 W. Whittle fl3 A Sundeand i W. Brown proston . }l4 J S 1 15 A. Booth J. Sampson,j uri 113 F. Franklin 115 J. Bowman J E. Bailey

Total 75

Total

To-day's run is to Hunts Cross via Woolton, and on Tuesday the club goes to Warburton.

LIGHTING-UP TIME. To-night Sunday Monday 9.28 Tuesday 9.26 Wednesday Thursday Friday

===== 0002601_19040716_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR NOTES.

The practice of a motor cyclist towing a weaker brother (or sister) mounted upon a pedal machine need only be mentioned in order to be condemned. The habit is a most dangerous one, not only to the towee, but to harmless persons using the highway at the same time. Quite recently, no less than three more or less severe accidents have been reported which were primarily due, in every case, to this cause.

And even more dangerous still is the practice adopted by many cyclists of" hanging on" to fast travelling motor cars. Undoubtedly, by this means they avoid a good deal of the dust that would cover them were they to keep a yard or two distant, whilst the car makes an excellent pacemaker for members of the speedy brigade. But in changing gears, and more particularly if the change has been delayed a trifle too long, the car is prone to jerk slightly backwards, and this means a nasty fall, and probably a smash-up for both man and machine. When keeping so close it is impossible to stop in time to avoid a fall, should the pacemaker slow up slightly, although even in the event of a serious accident the driver of the vehicle cannot b 3 justly blamed in the matter.

It would be well for motorists generally if the Automobile Club would devote attention to the matter of the price charged for petrol in the various houses which are supposed to be under its special patronage, and to refuse to sanction with its presence or its bless- ing those wherein an exorbitant charge is made. Indeed, it would be better still if the principal companies deal- ing in motor spirit were to insist upon a limit price and to refuse to supply those houses that were reported as exceeding this.

Just now records and attempted records for motors are the order of the day. On the top of the last triumphant 2,000 miles road run, comes a suggestion that the proprietor of a daily paper shall organise a series of reliability runs, which shall be under the rules and guidance of the Automobile Club. It may be recol- lected that a similar effort was made by the proprietors of a motor journal last autumn, but was ultimately crushed by the autocratic A.C.G.8.1.,but that is by the way.

The scheme appears to be finding considerable favour amongsbleading motorists, one of the first to signify his -intention of entering a car being, very fitly, Mr. Moffat Ford, who is the pioneer of non-stop runs himself and created both the term and the first non-stop record as long ago as 1900. He proposes to run al2 h.p. Decau- ville in these latest tests, a car similar in its mechanism to that run unofficially in the Automobile Club trials last autumn, upon which occasion, it will be remem- bered, no adjustments or repairs of any kind were made throughout the whole of the thousand-odd miles the vehicle travelled.

It is a pity that more attention is not paid to the steering gear of many of even the more expensive cars. Too often there is far too much play allowed on the steering-wheel, and when, in addition to this, the steer- ing heads are too tight, the driver is compelled to keep up a perpetual sawing-action with his wheel in order to preserve a steady course. At a slow speed this is tiresome enough; but at anything like legal limit it is not steering, in the proper acceptance of the term; it is merely knocking at the wheels first on one side and then on the other. in order to make them bite the sur- face at all. A little trouble and time spent in making a proper adjustment would speedily put. matters right ; but attention to detail is just one of the things that a lazy or careless driver bates •to consider.

The recent sad motor-car accident near Biggleswade, which resulted in the owner, Sir William Rattigan, losing his life, and his wife and the chauffeur being badly injured, draws attention to one or two points which are very likely to be overlooked by the majority of automobilists. The evidence tendered at the inquest shows that the car had, earlier in the day, already been in a collision, and that it was against the advice of those responsible for the sale that any attempt was made to take it again upon the road until it had been thoroughly overhauled.

One of the rear wheels was undoubtedly in a weak condition. In passing it may be observed that, like the great majority of motor cars, artillery wheels were used upon this particular vehicle—not because the type is

mechanically strong, but merely because public taste seems to demand that the pattern more nearly approach- ing that used upon horse-drawn vehicles shall be used. Yet suspension wheels—"bicycle wheels," as they are familiarly called—are obviously far superior in the hiatter of successfully resisting the immense strain thrown upon them when the car is travelling, although the firms who use them may almost be counted upon the fingers of one hand. The Lancaster Company is the most prominent and is, probably, the only firm making really large and heavy cars that has persisted in adopt- ing scientifically correct pattern.

They are more frequently employed upon voiturettes although, when the reverse is the case, a great flourish of trumpets in the advertisements is required to an- nounce that artillery wheels are fitted. The flourish might well be reserved for the opposition type. The Humberette is an example of a good little voiturette,hav- ing suspension wheels.

Given a weak wheel and the brakes applied at all suddenly, the result must be apparent to anyone. The spokes will be ripped out and collapse must inevitably ensue. Even without this, sooner or later, the break-. down is bound to occur, but there is no doubt that in this, as in many other cases, the careless and almost in- discriminate use of the emergency brake, which acts directly upon the rear wheel hubs, is very apt to pre- cipitate such an accident as has been recorded so recently. As its name indicates, this brake is really only intended to be used in an emergency, and is not to be brought into action upon occasions when the speed of the engine should properly be governed by retarding the spark and throttling down.

In this connection it may be as well to mention in passing that it is far the best plan to have a proper throttle fitted, even in the case of those cars which are provided with automatic carburetters. These in them- selves are excellent if well designed; but there appears to be some considerable misconception regarding their action. They are really designed to vary the air supply in exact proportion to the speed at which the motor is running. Thus, at low speeds mixture is rich in gas, while at high velocity the air aperture is enlarged and the mixture is therefore somewhat weaker, but not so weakened as to slow the engine unless the speed of the mo tor be extreme. Therefore,the automatic carburetter enables the driver to dispense with an air lever, but its action does not supply the place of a throttle which should always be fitted, as by this means the amount of mixture—irrespective of what the quantity may be— entering the cylinder can be regulated at will.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
Angling.

The first contest of the season in connection with the Latchford Society was decided on Saturday in the waters of the river NNeaver at Northwich. The venue of the match was reached by driving and the most pleasant summer-like conditions of weather pre- vailed. Two hours' fishing was allowed and though the catches were on the small side yet an enjoyable match resulted.—lst, A. Holland 7oz. 15drs. ; 2nd, G. Taylor 7oz. lldrs. : 3rd, J. Owen sozs. 3drs. ; 4th, T. Wright; sth, H. Taylor; 6th, T. Worthington; 7th, W. Board- man; Bth, J. Waywell ; 9th, W. Bamber ; 10th, T. Chorley ; 11th. W. W. Starkey; 12th, C. Wells; 13th, J. Monks; 14th, A. Bandies; and 15th, W. Taylor. On the conclusion of the match, all the competitors, who numbered 41, sat down to a substantial repast, provided by Mr. A. Holland, of the Sportsman's Inn, and to which,it is needless to say,full justice was done. The headquarters of the Club, the Brook Inn, were reached in good time. The prize distribution will be undertaken on the next club night, Monday, July 25th.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
REFUSAL TO PAY TOLLS. Greengrocers Summoned by the Corporation.

INTERESTING ARGUMENTS.

For a considerable time yesterday, the Warrington magistrates heard arguments on the refusal by a number lf greengrocers to pay tolls for hawking. As a test case John Lockett, Tilley-street, was summoned on the com- plaint of the Corporation who alleged that on June 11th he exposed for sale in Greenall-street certain:vegetables fruit, and agricultural produce (not being packed in hampers, sacks or packages) in a cart drawn by one horse ; and claimed is. 6d., the amount of the toll pay- able.—Mr. Stanley Wilson, deputy Town Clerk, pro- secuted, and Mr. Quilliam,of Liverpool, defended. The magistrates on the Bench were Messrs. H. Roberts (pre- siding), A. J. Jolley, C. S. Burgess, and F. W. Monks. Mr. Wilson said the claim had arisen owing to a num, her of hawkers having refused to pay any toll at el- and although the amount involved in that particular case was only small, the question was of great import- ance to the Corporation, as to some extent the right of the Corporntion to demand toll from persons hawking agricultural produce in the streets of the borough de- pended upon the decision of the bench. Section 27 of the Warrington Improvement and Market Act of 1854 prescribed that the limits of the market for the purposes of the Act should be the borough. In a schedule to the Act it was provided that every person exposing for sale hay, straw, vegetables, fruit or agricultural produce in carts,not being packed in seperate hampers,sacks or other packages should pay toll, the amount for a one horse vehicle being is. Gd. The demand for tolls was no new thing. On the contrary tolls had been paid by persons of this class since the passing of the Act, and Inspector Place would prove that he had collected tolls for the past 38 years. Formerly there was a charge of 6d. per day for each cart, but in March of last year the Corporatton fixed a scale of 13s. payable quarterly. This appeared to have met with the approval of the hawkers in general, and they paid the first quarter's amount. On the second quarter's instalment being demanded a large number refused to pay. They stated that they had formed an association, and had been advised that the Corporation could not legally enforce payment of tolls. On June 11th the defendant Lockett was found hawking in Greenall-street. The toll was demanded hy Inspector Wallington, but the defendant refused to pay, stating that he did not intend to pay any more toll, that the Association was in communica- tion with the Town Clerk, and he was waiting to be summoned.

Mr. W. H. Wallington gave evidence, and said the defendant served customers from the hampers which were uncovered. So far as he knew, defendant sold to every person who liked to buy. He did not hear him call out the price, or invite anyone to buy. Mr.E. Place, chief market inspector, said it was when the hawkers formed an association that "the mischief began." (Laughter.) He knew it was defendant's custom to hawk all kinds of vegetables and fruit and to call out.

James Pritchard, 43, Ellesmere-street, said his xvife purchased goods from the defendant on the date in linestion. She was not a regular customer.

Mr, Wiliam argued 'he case, point by point at great length. Defendant, he contended, did not in the legal sense " expose " the goods for sale as he went round to regular customers to deliver the wares. He, however, accepted any stray orders. Dealing with the statement, that the whole of Warrington was the market, Mr. Quilliam quoted the heading of the Act under which the case was brought, which was "An Act for the improvement of the borough of Warrington and for enabling the Council to erect a covered market and for other purposes." Every street could not therefore, he submitted, be the market. The tolls could only be demanded within the defined limits of the market, and the section which prescribed that "the market should be the whole of the borough " was only to limit thq power of the Corporation. It meant that the market must be within the borough. Mr. Quilliam also called attention to the fact that the receipt for the tolls was marked "hawker's licence." He contended that if it was a hawker's licence the Corpora- tion had no right to take toll. Mr. Lockett was called and stated that the goods he sold on the date in question were all bought in the Warrington market. A toll had therefore been paid on them.

The Chairman said the magistrates were unanimously of opinion that for the purposes of the Act, Warrington was constituted a market. It seemed to them that they had no option whatever but to find absolutely against Mr. Quilliam on all points. They ordered the defend- ant to pay is. 6d. and costs (including an advocate's fee).

There were also summonses against Thomas Dale, Priestley-street; Georgeßroadhurst. Brick-street; and Jonathan Broadhur.st,_Bostock-street.

The magistrates deCided to adjourn them for 14 days in order thatlMr. Quilliam might have an opportunity of appealing against the 4ecision in the first case, if he desired. If he decided not to appeal, the tolls would be paid.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
The Prevention and Treatment of Cancer.

In view of the increasing prevalence of cancer, the committee of the Liverpool Cancer Research-deem it their duty to call attention to what may be done to combat this increase.

No specific cure for cancer is yet known, but, as with consumption, the earlier the treatment is commenced the greater is the chance for its success. Unfortunately a large number of people put off seeking the advice of their doctor instead of going to him immediately they notice anything wrong. It may be pointed out that certain organs are more often affected than others. In men, cancer of the gullet, stomach, and intestines; in women, cancer of the breast and womb, account for about two-thirds of all cases of cancer. There are, of course, many other only slight ailments of these organs. The committee feel that they cannot too strongly state how important it is that the disease should be recognized at the earliest possible moment. This recognition can only be attained by the patient going to his or her doctor for examination at the very begin- ning of illness.

_ Cancer Research Laboratory, The University, Liverpool, July, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH AND STRENGTH.

Nature's best gifts are those that contribute towards health and strength. The active principle of the best semedial agents (sarsaparilla, burdock, gentian, lavendee saffron, dandelion, and quinine) constitute Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the most reliable tonic, purely vegetable. Health has many handmaids, and all depend on strength of nerve and muscle. We exact too much from these in the daily competitive struggle for success in life,and we have to suffer inconsequence—indigestion weakness, nervousness, sleeplessness, liver disorders, chest affections, and numerous other complaints. New all these are successfully combated with the sus- taining assistance of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the best remedy of the age. It is safe, sure, and permanent in its effect. If you find you are almost unable to fellow your daily vocation, immediately strengthen your constitution by taking a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. They make the weak strong, and give new heart and "go "to the weary toiler. They revive the spirits and strengthen the nerveq. By giving tone to the whole constitution they ward off fevers and other ailments. No family should be without a bottle. An occasional dose, taken when a man has felt slightly out of sorts, has prevented many a long illness. We assert the above confidentially. Mau is much more subject to the influence of his surroundings than is generally supposed. The ill effects upon the general health of living in close, ill-ventilated, and badly-lit homes, offices, or work- shops, are, of course, well known to everyone who has studied hygiene; while the life-giving effects oj sunlight and fresh air are equally well known. The same may be said of the results of the various slimatic cbanges. The injurious effects of a prevailing east wind are evident to all observant persons; and the depressing influence of an approaching thunderstorm on some constitutions has also been observed by most people. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters may be termed an insurance policy against "catching cold," for it gives -stamina and a healthy vitality to resist climatic changes and is a reliable safeguard against colds, chills, and coughs, which frequently happen through the weakness of the constitution being unable to resist the effects of the changeableness of the weather. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters never disappoints when given a fair trial, and no medicine has had so many imitators,but the purchaser has the remedy against such deceit in his own hands. Note particularly the name" Gwilym Evans " on the label, on the stamp, and on the bottle (a threefold precaution), without which none are genuine. Refuse all others then you will have the satisfaction of benefiting by the unrivalled virtures of this great tonic. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each by chemists and patent medicine vendors, or will be sent direct by the proprietors, without any extra charge to any address in the United Kingdom. Sole Proprietors :—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, bouth Wales.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

ALLEGED VIOLENT ASSAULT AT THE NEW WATERWORKS. At the Warrington. Occasional Court on Saturday, Erasmus Barnhum, engineman, Croft, was charged with having unlawfully wounded Patrick Doran,a blacksmith at Southworth-with-Croft. on June 27th.—Mr. T. S. Steel prosecuted, and said the parties were employed on the new Corporation waterworks at Croft. On the date in question a crane would not work properly and Doran made a suggestion. His remarks were taken excep- tion to by the prisoner, and words passed between them. Eventually, Barnhum seized a spade, deliberately raised it in the air, and struck Doran on the head with one corner of the implement. Doran had been in the hands of Dr. Sephton ever since, the wound being a very severe one.—ln his evidence the prosecutor said that after assaulting him with the spade, prisoner struck him in the face with his fist. —Prisoner was remanded until Monday next, bail being allowed.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

Minr Cases.

MownAy.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Councillors Thornton and Wilkinson, and Messrs. T. Birchall, S.

Wright, W. Roberts, and George Piling. MiscßLLANEoUs.—William Edelsteb, charted on a warrant with fighting on Pinner's Brow on April sth, was bound over and ordered to pay the costs.—Thomas King was sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment for begging in Horsemarket-street at 6.55 on Sunday even- ing.—Emily Delooze and Charlotte Delooze, of Cheshire Cheese-yard, were bound over and ordered to pay the costs for fighting in Cheshire Cheese-yard on June 30th.—Jane Flynn, 18, Dannett-street, and Elizabeth Edelsten, 2, Birchall-street, were each fined ss. for making use of obscene language in public streets.—Edward Mee, 39, Cockhedge-lane, was fined -ss. for having made use of Indecent language in his house but within hearing of Cockhedge-lane.

TUESDAY.—Before Dr. Fox (in the chair), Alderman Hutchinson, Messrs. J. Rymer Young, C. Jackson

Holmes and NV. Richardson. - DRUNK IN CITARGE.—WiIIiam Dutton, last from Bed- 'ford Leigh, was fined 2s. 6d. for having been drunk while in charge of a pony and cart in Academy-street, at 11.50 on Monday morning.—P.C.Holland said prisoner was thrashing the pony about the head and forelegs with a pair of reins.

FRlDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Councillors Roberts, Thornton, and Wilkinson, Messrs. Hepherd, Pilling, Jolley, H Roberts, Burgess, and F. W. Monks. CHARGE OF THEFT WITHDRAWN.—WiIIiam Rowe was charged with stealing from the works of Messrs. Pearson and Knowles a spade and pick, value ss.—Mr. F. G. Taylor, solicitor, on behalf of the firm, said the police did perfectly right in arresting the man. He had, however, been in the employ of the firm for thirty years and there was some doubt as to whether he had any felonious intention, or whether he simply meant to sorrow the articles for the purpose of making altera- tions in his back yard. The charge was withdrawn.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
SZCOND COURT.

Before the ntvor (presiding) and Council Wilkinson ALLEGED WIFE DESERTION.—WiIIiaM Webster, 61, Aikin-street, was charged with deserting his wife, Annie Webster.—Complainant said defendant was away from her two years.—Defendant said he had been in an asylum, and when he came out, his wife told him that he must not come in the house. He was willing to maintain her.— The magistrates advised the parties to arrive at a settlement, but failing that defendant must pay his wife ss. per week. Wires SAD STORY.—Edwin Horrabin, 31, Cart- wright-street. was summoned for persistent cruelty to his wife.—Mr. Browne, on behalf of the complainant, sqid her husband had constantly ill-treated her. He frequently struck her, and on one occasion when her boy had just returned from the fever hospital, he ran them both out of the house and nailed up the door. He had rendered her almostNunconscions by striking her with a poker.—Defendant denied having illtreated his wife who, he said, was always "nagging" at him.— Defendant promised to live amicably with his wife, and the case was adjourned for a fortnight.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Daresbury Petty Sessions.

TUESDAY.—Before __Mr. H.__Neild (in the chair) and

Colonel Ridgway. TEMPORARY AUTHORITY.—Mr. I.OngtOn, solicitor, of Warrington, applied on behalf of Mr. Arthur Britch, for temporary authority to sell at the Thorn Inn, Appleton.- Mr. Longton said the applicant was prob- ably known to the Bench. He had resided at the Thorn for 28 years. The application was granted.—Temporary authority was granted to John Henry Kirby to sell at the Millstone Inn, Whitley Inferior, until the next transfer day. MINOR CAsES.—Forusing obscene language at Apple- ton, Henry Marsh was fined 2s. Gd. and costs.—Fred BerrylWalton-road, Stockton Heath, was charged with having the chimney of his dwelling-house on fire and was fined 3s. 6d.—Mary Ann Payne was charged with assaulting Annie Joynson. She threw ascrubbing brush and some stones at her, and also used obscene language. —Defendant admitted having thrown some water on the complainant, but contended that she had received great provocation.—She was fined 10s. and costs. THEFT OF A WATCH.—James Regan was charged with having on the 26th of April at Dutton, stolen a silver watch and chain value £1 2s. 6d.. the property of John Regan.—From the statement of Superintendent E onion, it appeared that on the date named the com- plainant gave the prisoner food and lodgings at his hut. Oathe following morning the watch and chain were missed a,,4 it was found that the prisoner had pawned them at N` trrington for 3s. 6d.—Prisoner was fined 10s. •and costs .rl4. days' imprisonment. A BAD CASE OF CRUELTY TO A HORSE.—Alfred Jeffs. farmer, Little Leigh, was charged with causing a horse to be worked whilst it was in an unfit condition. Thomas Curbishley, a carter, was charged with working it whilst in that condition.—Superintendent Ennion stated that he saw Curbishley in charge of a cart laden with macadem. Matter was oozing from under the sad- dle, and when he saw the horse he told the defendant to stop while be examined it. On the offside there was a long and deep wound in which one could put a hen egg. It was the worst case of cruelty he had ever witnessed. There was also another wound about the size of the palm of witness's hand, but it was not dircharging.— Corroborative evidence was given by a witness named Holland. Jeffs said he had been working at Cuddington and not noticed the condition of the animal.—Defend- ants were lined 10s. and costs each.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

Expenditure Increasing.

A. meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday, Mr. Brooks pre- sided, and there were also present: .Mrs. Clay, Mrs. Wilkinson, Miss Broadbent, Rev. Father Mercer, Dr. Murray, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, J. Billinge, W. Flannagan, G. Thompson, S. Davies, T. H. Ashcroft, W. Hickman G. Mather, R. Bolton, with J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assistant clerk), J. F. Awbery (work- house master), and A. Wright (superintendent Padgate schools).

===== 0002601_19040716_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
INCREASED. EXPEND IT URE FOR M A INTENANCE.

Mr. S. DAVIES called attention to the charges for expensive medicines and extra medical fees in the Newton and Haydock districts. He considered them exorbitant: He noticed in the Earlestown doctor's bill several items for difficult cases, and he would like to know whether in cases which were not difficult, the ordinary fees were always charged. Perhaps the mem- bers of the Newton Relief Committee would be more alive to their duty. _

Mr. THOMPSON called attvtion to the laundry. He noticed that a certain amount of washing was being sent out and that on June 25th, washing was done outside the house at a cost of £3 6s. He understood that all the washing was now done inside the House...

The CHAIRMAN explained that the washing was sent out owing to a delay in fixing one of the machines in the lAundry. ME BILLINGE asked whether Bradford's hadnow com- pleted their contract, and the Chairman replied in the affirmative.

Mr. BILLEiGE said the Clerk had called attention to the fact that the cost of maintenance was £7OO in excess of the corresponding half year. He would like to know whether the cost of the laundry equipment was not included in the half year's expenditure. A return ought to be presented showing the average expenditure per head in the schools and in the house.

The CLERK said the Master and the Superintendent would supply the information. The extra expenditure in connection with the laundry had been paid out of current revenue.

Mr. BILLINGE said in that case the cost of mainten- ance had been practically the same.

The CHAIRM-AN said the number in the Workhouse had been much greater than in the previous half-year. Mr. A. J. JOLLY observed that any discussion on the figures would be quite futile until they were carefully analysed.

The CLERK suggested that it would be well to have an account from each district, showing the increase made in out-relief. The officers would,no doubt, comply with the request and it would be desirable information before estimating the expenditure for the ensuing half-year.

HOUSE COMMITTEE. THE ACCOMMODATION QUESTION,

At a meeting of this committee, held on July Bth, in connection with the congested state of the house and the offer of the Tarvin Union, it wasi resolved to specially sit on Friday to again consider the resolution submitted by the sub-committee appointed to deal with the matter. The nursing deputation submitted their report and the subject was deferred pending some de- velopments that were in hand. The master having directed attention to the high prices paid for store pigs which tended to considerably diminish the profits it was resolved to empower Mr. Mather to have a free hand in the future in the purchasing of the pigs all exr penses in connection with such purchases to be met out o the master's petty cash.

AN INVENTORY OF THE HOUSE AND ITS COST The CHAIRMAN formally gave notice that the sub- committee appointed to inquire into the inventory recently made, with the view of ascertaining what re- muneration should be paid for the work done, would recommend at the next meeting that £25 be given to Mr. Awbery for his services in connection with the inventory. Mr. THOMPSON asked for more information.

_ . The CHAIRMAN said that some 18 months ago it was decided to have an inventory taken of the whole house and infirmary, and that extra remuneration be given for the work. The Clerk's department repudiated any liability to make the inventory, as did also the house department, and the Board decided that the inventory should be taken by the Master and the remunerativ assessed by a committee consisting of Mrs. Clay, Mr. J. .Tolley and himself. The inventory was never made by the latc, Master and the duty devolved upon Mr. Awbery. The work had been completed, and the sub- committee had gone carefully into the matter. The CLERK said the matter arose in this way. The I auditor complained that a satisfactory inventory was I not put before him. The inventory which was made many years ago was not only imperfect. but had become entirely wrong. Furniture had been taken from one part of the house to put in another, whilst some furni- ture had been worn out and replaced. The Clerk could not provide w inventory of the furniture in the house, I and the que.Aion arose whether some person used to., valuing furniture should be employed for the purpose. He thought Mr. Hickman's firm was spoken of. After consideration it was found that the inventory could be properly made by the Master and Matron. Before the work could be undertaken, the late Master left' and the duty had fallen upon Mr. Awbery. He had had the assistance of three or four persons. The Board would have an opportunity of seeing the inventory at the next meeting. It was a work that involved a large amount of time. Mr. THOMPSON said the resolution had better state that the extra remuneration was to cover all the ex- penses or those who had assisted would be asking for something extra. Mr. TIICKMAN thought that as it was only a notice of motion the discussion was out of place. There was no doubt that the resolution authorising the inventory was passed but he thought the Clerk was wrong in saying that he (Mr. Hickman) was spoken to about it. The CLERK: It was spoken of you, not to you. The Board then rose.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERESTING MEDICAL CASE.

SURREY COUNTY FURNISHES MATTER FOR THOSE INTERESTED IN KIDNEY.DISEASES.

-- - Surrey County furnishes a story that is of unusual interest to the general public, and more particularly to the medical profession. The story is the experience of Mr. L. D. Barrow, of Compton, Nr. Guildford, and as told by that gentlemanhimself, is as follows "Some time ago I caught a severe cold from leaning against hot steam pipes. I was attended by a doctor and tried various remedies, but without effect. I grew worse and suffered from Palpitation of the Heart, and my appetite left me. With the least exertion I grew tired. Dark circles came under my eyes and they were puffed and swollen. "I used 60 perspire frequently, sometimes I would turn dizzy, occasionally I was low spirited and de- pressed, and at times I was troubled with Neuralgia. My sight was affected and specks would float before my eyes • but the worst symptom in my case was a dark gravelly sediment in the kidney secretions. "I heard of Dodd's Kidney Pills and decided to give them a trial. lam glad I did so, for I derived great benefit from them."

===== 0002601_19040716_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
TH GOVERNMENT AND THE LIQUOR TRAFFIC. A National Crisis —Call to Prayer.

The following has been issued by the President of the National Council of the Evangelical Free Churches to the ministers and members of the Free Churches of Eng- land and Wales : Dear Brethren and Friends.—At this hour of awful crisis, when the Government, deaf to every voice of remonstrance and appeal, is hastening to give to the Liquor Traffic a security of tenure which it has never before possessed, and to rivet on the neck of our cities, towns and villages a well- nigh intolerable yoke, as we have no resource left but to appeal with one voice to God. Surely our union in the most sacred bonds, as Free Church people, furnishes an opportunity for such united intercession as our forefathers never enjoyed. The Free Church Council movement bands us together not only for high spiritual work, but to defend our country from the infliction of great moral wrongs; amongst these we cannot but count the endowment of the Liquor Trade as one of the most flagrant. I beg to suggest therefore (and in doing this I have the concurrence of my beloved friend Dr. Horton, the President-Elect of the National Coun- cil) that next Sunday evening, the 17th inst, after the service in all our churches, chapels and mission halls, we should call our people together for united prayer, asking that even now the Government's Licensing proposals may be brought to nought. In some places the following day might likewise be consecrated to the purpose of intercessory prayer on behalf of our nation; for this purpose the fellowship of the clergy and people of the Church of England, who sympathise with us in this matter—and there are maq—might be sought and obtained. Forgive the directness and urgency of my appeal but the crisis is momentous and the need im- perative.—Yours sincerely, F. B. MEYER. (President of the National Free Church Council), Memorial Hall, E.C.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPPENH4LL

THE CRICKET CLUB.—Having cancelled the return match with Sankey Wire Mills, the Ist eleven were without match last Saturday. The second at home, had as visitors Sankey Wire Mills 2nd,and gained a decisive victory by 50 runs. The visitors could only manage 32 altogether. H. Carter was in good form with the ball, taking 7 wickets for twelve runs. This had much to do with the poor score of the Wire Mills. For Grappenhall Berry played a good innings for his 29, and H. Carter proved successful with the bat as well as in the trundling department and had 23 to his credit.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 16 1904

ODDS AND ENDS.

BOBBY "Pa, what is an heir-at-law ?" Pas "Usually, the lawyer, Bobby." Why is a telephonist like a blind man? Be- cause he listens to the voices of those he cannot see.

EMPLOYER: "Thomson, you are discharged. Emplo3 "But what have I done, sir ? " Em- ployer: "Nothing—absolutely nothing. That's what I complain about." TEACHER: "Johnny, surely you know what osculate' means? What do people do when they are in love?" Johnny (the jeweller's hopeful): "They come to pa for an engagement-ring !" THE ABSENT-MINDED PROFESSOR: "Do you know, my dear, I was so busy remembering what you asked me to buy you that I forgot to stop and get it." "0 HARRY, listen to this: 'ln Siberia .they chain convicts to their wheelbarrows.' " "Well, dearie, you know very well you'd chain me to the lawn-mower if you weren't afraid the neighbours would talk about it."

"I HAD to let my French lessons go." "Why was that!" "They were simply ruining my golf accent."

Mr. CRIMSONBEAK : "There's a terrible smell of boiling cabbage throughout the house." Mrs. Criinsonbeak "Yes; we're boiling the lace curtains, in the hope of gettiug the tobacco smell out of them."

A TEACHER was conversing with his pupils about the five senses and their importance. Teacher: "Suppose we had to be deprived of one of our five senses, and we were at liberty to choose, which of them could you most readily dispense with, Fitz Lehmann?" Fitz recently chastised for mis- behaviour : "Feeling !" "I EXPECT I shall be frightfully tanned," she said. "I'm going to the seashore." "I wag frightfully tanned yesterday," broke in her small brother. "In the outhouse by father." Bnoviriz: "Have you much furniture in your house?" Towne: "Day time or night time?" Brown: "What's the difference?" Towne: "You'd know the difference if you tried to walk through my house in the dark." SPROCKET'S : "Do you have to be examined by a physian before you join the Wheelmen's Club?" Wheeler: " No ;_afterwards."

HUSBAND: "My dear, the howling of that cat of ours is unbearable. I wish you would try to get rid of her." Wife (drowsily) : " Her month is up on Friday, and ra send her away without a character I"

TOMMY: "Is your grandpa, who is visiting you, your lather's papa or your mother's papa ? " Willie: "Why, he's mother's papa, of course. Can't you see he's smoking his pipe in the drawing- room?" STRANGER : "How old is the oldest inhabitant of this village?" Native: "There ain't none. He died last week."

Pnotiesson (discoursing on the use of water): "And lastly, gentlemen, if we had no water, we could not learn to swim, and how many of us would then be drowned! DISTRACTED THEATRICAL MANAGER: "Oh, dear, Jones, this tomfoolery will never do at all! Your audience has never clapped once." Ccmedian "Clapped, my dear sir—clapped? Why, I've paralysed them. They can't clap !" "WHAT a wonderful painter Rubens was," remarked Mr. Jones, at the art gallery. "Yes," assented Mrs. Jones. "It is said of him that he could change a laughing face into a sad one by a single stroke." "Why," spoke up littlo Johnny, in disgust, "my schoolmaster can do that."

CLERK : "The lady who purchased that cabinet the other day has called for the written guarantee you promised her." Dealer in Antiquities: "Do you remember about it? I've forgotten whether I sold it to her fora Japanese safe or a personal relic of N 4 pol eon. "DAD, I wish I came of a distinguished family like Bob Hill's, so as I could have something to boast about." "A distinguished fathily like Bob Hill's, eh? In what way were his parents distin- guished ?" "Why, his mother was a fat woman in a museum, and his father was swallowed by an alligator." VEXED WIFE "There is no calamity that can befall a woman that I have not suffered. Amiable Husband: "Wrong, my dear; now, you have never been a widow." Vexed Wife: "I said calamity, sir !" NAOMI : "George, I believe that love brings us anguish as well as iss." "So do I." "Do you ever experience that restlessness, that anxiety, that positivq pain, that -? " "Certainly, love." "An' what do you think caused it?" "Cucumbers."

"THE bride, I understand, will not come down the aisle on her father's arm?" "No, papa's arm now takes a rest. But there is something funny in your R:uggestion." " Why ?" "Why, they say that when the bridegroom asked papa for the bride he left the house on papa's foot." "WHOM have we here ? " said the King of the Cannibal Islands as a prisoner in soldier's uniform was dragged 'before him. "He appears to be a raw recruit." answered the Prime Minister. "Very well, cook him." - - - - - -

JACit's mother was packing a box of eatables to send to him at school. Having placed the last article in, she said. "I think that is all, Jane we will now nail it up." "Excuse me mum," said Jane, "but how is he ever going to get it open un- less we put in a screw-driver." "I don't like this milk," said four-year-old Mabel at the breakfast table one morning. "Why, dear, what's the matter with it?" asked her mother. "It tastes like the cow had been eating onions," replied thr small epicure. MRS. HARDUPPE : "John, the butcher we had who lived at the other end of the town has found out our address. He called with that last year's bill, and was very impertinent." Mr. Harduppe hotly: "Impertinent, was ha ? Well, now, we'll just let him wait for his money." Tile UNIVERSAL LANGUAGE --Mabel: "Say, ma, you know them Italian folks at the corner that have a little baby. Well, their baby ain't Italian, after all." Mrs. Wilkins: "It isn't? How can you tell ?" Mabel: "Why, 1. heard it cry to•day, and it cried just exactly like our Eng- lish baby." GONE TO THE Doas —Lipper: "How are you, Chipper? Haven't seen you for some time. How are the family getting on?" Chipper "They're all going to the dogs, old man." L'pper "You don't say so! Why, what': happened? They were all right when I saw you last.' Chipper Yes; but you see there's a Kennel Show in town this afternlon." _

HIS LACK OF TACT —" It's no use!" exclaimed Willie Wishington. "I can never learn to say the right thing at the right time. I told Was Slim- MICH that her eyes shone on me like the stars above." " Tnat's old, but pretty," answered Hiss Cayenne. "Yes. But she is one of those remark- ably tall girls who resent any reference to their height.'' "THERE are two sldes to everything," said the lecturer. "I repeat it, there are two sides --" At this juncture a tired- looking little man stood up in the front seat to say: " Well, if you have no objection I will just see if there are two sides to this hall. I know there is an inside, and if I find there is an outside, you'll know it by my not coming back. Yall needn't be alarmed if I shouldn't return." And as he walked to the door he was followed by the admiring eyes of the whole audience. Art Irish ostler was sent to the stable to bring forth a traveller's horse. N3t knowing which of the two strange horses in the stable belonged to the traveller, and wishing to avoid the appear- ance of ignorance in his business, he saddled both animals and brought them to the door. The traveller pointed out his own horse, saying, "That's my nag." "Certainly, yer honour, I know that very well; but I didn't know which vvag the other gintleman's." QUITE SAFE THERII3.—.3 member of the Quaker secs administered the following rebuke to a country parson more celebrated for his love of fox- hunting than for his pulpit powers. "Friend, thou'rt clever at fox•catching! I believe?" "There are few men in the cohntry-side who can excel ma at the sport," observed the parson, proudly. "Nevertheless, friend, if I were a fox I would hide where thou wouldst !sever find me." "Pray, where would you hide, sir ?" was the interested cluerv. "I would hide in thy study, friend."

Child Drowned at Dutton. lAt 5.30 on Monday afternoon Elizabeth Millington, . aged five years, of Dutton Lodge Cottages, Dutton,was walking along the Canal Bank, at Dutton, with another girl named Clara Holms, also aged five years. Millington was trying to reach some rushes, when she fell into the water. Clara Holme tried to get her out, but as she did not succeed she gave the alarm. The body was dragged for and has since been recovered.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRRINGTON.

Sunday School Teachers' Association.

The -me.nbers of this Association held their quarterly meeting on Saturday at the Rectory. The grounds were open to visitors at three o'clock, and various games were provided. Tea was served in Fairfield Schools at 5.30, and in the-evening a short service was held in the Parish Church, when an interesting address was given to a good congregation by the Rev. and Hon. C. F. Cross, vicar of Stretton. Fire in Longford-street. The explosion of a paraffin lamp caused a fire at the house of Robert Ward, Earl-street, off Longford-street, shortly after ten o'clock on Monday night.. The Fire Brigade turned out, but on arrival found that the flames had been extinguished by neighbours. Ward was slightly injured, and considerable damage was done to furniture and pictures. Fortunately the flames were confined to the front room in which they broke out.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-63, SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. Death of Mr. Arthur Morris.

We regret to announce the death of Mr. Arthur Morris, who was well known in Warrington although for two or three years he had lived at Norton, near Worcester. The deceased was in the employ of the Warrington Slate Company Limited for a number of years, and on severing his connection with the firm carried on business in this town as a coal and coke merchant. He was prominently identified with St. Alban's Roman Catholic Church. Mr. Morris had suffered a long and painful illness, the cause of death being cancer. The interment took place at Norton, the last rites being performed by one of the priests from Worcester who had been in constant attendance on the deceased during his illness.

ASK for CIINNINGHeiM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERA WATERS.—Advt. Open-air Concert at the Workhouse. Miss Beatrice Turner's band provided an open-air concert at the Workhouse on Tuesday evening, and reporting upon it at the meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians on Wednesday, the Master (Mr. Awbery) said "it proved a great success and was thoroughly appreciated by the inmates." Councillor Wilson presided, and the Guardians present were: Messrs. A. J. Jolley and R. Bolton. The band played a pleasing selection of music, and the items were agreeably interspersed with vocal and instrumental solos and duets. Miss Griffiths sang "Flight of ages," and "Japanese love song" with taste and expression, and Mr. Roberts gave a fine rendering of "Mona" and "The Holy City." Miss Dorothy Turner contri- buted two violin solos entitled "Slumber song" and "Naval Polka March," and Miss Dorothy Lawton also played on the violin "Immer Wieder." Mr. Scott gave a solo on the mandoline, "Gipsy Dance," and there were .mandoline duets by the Misses McG eachin and Knowles. Master Willie Rhodes sang with feeling "The Land of Little Children." Mr. Leslie presided at the piano and also contributed a pianoforte duet " Chopsticks," in which he was assisted by .Vliss McGeachin.—On the motion of Mr. A. J. Jolley, a hearty vote of thanks was passed to Miss B. Turner and friends for providing such an interesting entertainment. BaCE BOOTS FOR ALL.—UNDER THE CLOCK.—Advt A "Very Guilty" County Councillor. At Daresbury Petty Sessions on Tuesday, Thomas Baxter, farmer, Dutton Hall, Dutton, and a member of the Cheshire County Council, was charged with having on the 18th June, at Dutton acted in contra- vention of the Swine Fever (Infected Area) Order, 1902, by causing a pig to be moved from his farm without a licence having been obtained from the authorities.—Herbert Johnson, a boy, was charged with removing the an imal.—Superintendent En n on proved the case.—Mr. Baxter said be was busy order- ing the men in the hay field at the time of the removal of the pig. He knew that he ought to have written out a declaration but he forgot to do so. Shortly afterwards he saw the superintendent in his conveyance at the gate and he went to him and told him that, as he was busy he had forgotten to make out a declaration.He did not make an abject apology to him—(laughter)—and ask him to look over the case because he considered it was the boy's place to obey him (the speaker). Why should a poor little lad be summoned for obey- ing orders? It was rather ridiculous.—Superinten- dent Ennion : I was bound to do so,—Defendant: I feel proud of that lad—(renewed laughter)—in obey- ing orders. We have difficulty now in getting la ds to obey our orders. Continuing Mr. Baxter said he felt very guilty, as he was a party to the provision which enabled farmers to make a declaration without runn- ing after a policeman for one. (Laughter.) The Chairman : It is easy to forget these matters. You will be fined in the costs of the summons. BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS in latest art shades.—J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. St. John Ambulance Review. The North Eastern County Corps review, held last year in Warrington, took place on Saturday at Todmorden under delightful circumstances. The town nestling at the foot of some very finely wooded hills, which rise to a great height, presented a pretty picture. The streets had a very old world look about them, neither 'busses nor electric cars yet having made their appearance. A capital display of flags and mottoes was made all along the route of the pro- cession. Some 200 nursing sisters were entertained during the morning by the Mayoress, and the district staff were hospitably entertained by the Mayor. At 3 p.m. headed by two bands, the procession pro- ceeded through the town, everybody turning out to see such an unusual sight, while the local firemen, assisted by various ladies and gentlemen, were busy with collection boxes in aid of the Corps funds. After the march past, which was done in grand style, the nursing sisters leading, the Deputy Commissioner Colonel Trimble, C.M.G. made an inspection of the parade. Following this, came tests in bandaging and a supposed railway accident. Marks were given for the smartest appearance on parade, in conjunction with their individual work, at the supposed railway accident. In this Warrington tied with another Corps, and after a further test, Warrington received 3rd prize, consisting of an illuminated certificate, and ambulance material. The team which went earlier in the day to defend the Warrington Cup, got 3rd prize, the cup going to Briarfield. The party from War- rington numbered two officers, three sergeants and 16 men. The return journey was commenced at 8.11 and home was reached at 10.15 p.m. after a most enjoyable afternoon.

"Some Dangerous , Tendencies of Modern Life."

An address on this subject was delivered by the Rev. H. Dunnico at the open meeting of the Warring- ton P.S.A. Society on Sunday. He said that amongst many things he had noticed a tendency to abuse liberty. One of the most conspicuous features of modern life was the growth of the democratic spirit and the advance of liberty. This growth had also its dangerous as well as its promising aspects. Liberty was a glorious thing, but it was so frequently misunderstood and misinterpreted. Liberty was understood by some people to be merely the oppor- tunity of doing what one pleased, but such a con- ception was a fatally false one and indicated absolute bondage. Churches and ministers did not possess the authority they once did, and perhaps they were none the worse on that account. Still all this had its .dangers, because emancipation from outward restraints, no matter how imperfect those restraints were, led to a Lew and worse bondage unless there was a voluntary allegiance to the highest and noblest laws of life. Another tendency was to make more and more of society and less and less of the individual. This was, of course, a healthy, and a hopeful sign so long as it stood to condemn sel- fish isolation and suggested co-operation,sympathy and fellowship. If there was one lesson this century had taught us more than another it was the solidarity of the human race and of all with God. But this tendency also had its dangers in so far as there seemed to be a general weakening of the sense of individunl respon- sibility. Social and philosophic kindnesses which were being taught in certain quarters obscured,even if they did not deny, the individual freedom and personal res- ponsibility, and he warned his hearers to beware of such doctrines, because they were pernicious and harmful. The speaker also referred to the increasing desire for excitement and self-indulgence and social dissipations. He held no Puritanic view of amuse- ments, but when the pursuit of amusement became the chief passion. of a life, then they had turned into a curse what God intended to be a blessing. In con- clusion Mr. Dunnico referred to the existing noisy, rampant, but shallow atheism. They might rest assured, however, that the so-called new Atheism was as old as Lucretius and it was crude as it was old. The Christian religion was as well attested to-day as ever, if not more so. Mrs. Everness, of the Salvation Army, contributed two solos.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
GUESTS HOT, AND DISHES COLD.

"Guests hot and dishes cold" is now the rule. There is no more delightful dish for a hot summer's day than a Brown and Poison Blanc Mange. It is made with Brown ald Poison's "Patent" corn flour and sweet milk. There is quality in this Blanc- Mange, there is flavour, daintiness, food value. Served with stewed fresh fruit it is a cooling, appetizing and refreshing dish for a hot summer day. Recipes for serving corn flour and fruit in twenty-one different ways are given in Brown and Poison's booklet, "Summer sweets," to be had for a id. stamp from Brown and Poison, Paisley. Send for it now, else you may forget.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
AWHEEL TO BEESTON, Mr. John Naylor Entertains the Warrington Cycling Club.

It is the good fortune of the Warrington Cycling Club to receive a cordial invitation each year to visit the charming Cheshire retreat of their President, Mr. John Naylor, at Beeston. Himself an ardent cyclist,. Mr. Naylor esteems it a pleasure to entertain the wheelers, and President's Day, as the occasion is popularly known, is looked forward to with perhaps greater delight than any of the season's outings.. Favoured with glorious weather, Saturday—the President's Day of 1901—will be remembered as a grand success. True the broiling sun shining from a clottdless sky made cycling warm work indeed, but it was sufficient compensation that the picturesque country side was seen at its 'best. Nearly a hundred members and friends—including a good sprinkling of the fair sex—journeyed to Beeston, and most of them covered the 221 miles by road. As usual, a small contingent travelled by rail via Chester, but the wheelers congratulated themselves upon having made the best choice. They had a delightful spin through the richly wooded area whieq embraces part of the far-famed Delatnere Forest. The hedgerows were bright %with the delicate tints of the wild rose and honeysuckle, and here and there clusters of lovely foxgloves added more striking dashes of colour. Stiff hills had to be negotiated, but there were exhilarating spells of free-wheeling. Pleasingly situated on a hill side, Beeston Towers command a beautiful view, whilst hard by the olden/tie stand, out majestically. Most of the cyclists rode to the gates in a body, and Mr. and Mrs. Naylor were waiting to receive them. The travellers were rather dust-stained, but a cooling wash speedily refreshed them. Then they were called to the pretty tennis court, where an excellent tea was served. It was a merry party and all were full of appreciation of Mr. Naylor's hospitality. The meal over, the visitors were free to ramble about the house and grounds. The exquisite carving with which the rooms abound came in for much admiration. Several cueists indulged in their favourite pastime in the well- appointed hill iard room, and trundlers betook themselves to the bowling green. The treat of the evening was an at fresco concert which gave the utmost pleasure to all. The Vkfarrington Cycling Club has some capital musical talent at its command, and the programme did the artistes great credit. There were songs by Mrs. Arthur Booth, Miss Pemberton, Mr. A. Fieldhouse,Mr. W. H. Treland, and Mr. Peter Bate. The voices of Mrs. Booth and Miss Pemberton blended beautifully in "The Venetian boat song," and another capital duet was " The moon hath raised" by Messrs. Ireland and Fieldbouse. The duties of accompanists were discharged by Mrs. Booth and Mr. Bate. A dance on the lawn was an enjoyable wind-up to the gathering, Mr. Finch supplying the music. Before the visitors left, ..Mr. D. Hodge, the captain of the club, voiced the general sentiment in proposing a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Naylor for their hospitality. It was, he said, one of the features of the club to be enter- tained by Mr. Naylor, who was an ardent cyolist. He was sure Mr. Naylor was very pleased to see so many cyclists at his home, but the vote of thanks was quite inadequate to such generosity. The vote was accorded with enthusiastic cheers and musical honours. mr. pa Davies also thanked the host and hostess and said that day was regarded as a red-letter day in the annual history of the club. They had been fortun- ate in once more having what they called Naylor's weather. He trusted the conditions would be equally favourable next year. In returning thanks, Mr. Naylor said that Mrs. Naylor and himself were very pleased to receive a visit from the club, and, as Mr. Davies had said, this was regarded as a red-letter day. No visitors to Beeston Towers were more welcome nwsn hads m e nbaenedn thagnladhihsisfienlslterwnettieo ctharriesdwooumtewnitahndrehfee wasrece to the presence of the ladies. He looked upon cycling as the finest form of exercise, and not only so, but it enabled one to see the country. It was certainly a good exercise for the ladies. He need hardly assure them that he was looking forward with much pleasure to their next meeting. (Applause). Having taken leave of the host and hostess the cyclists turned their faces homewards. The evening was refreshingly cool and a splendid ride to town concluded an outing which will long be remembered with pleasure.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0099.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_19040716_art0100.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tk

===== 0002601_19040716_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL.

Monthly Meeting. The monthly meeting of the Warrington Trades and Labour Council was held in Bold-street Wesleyan schools on Tuesday evening under the presidency of Mr. J. Podmore, jun. There was a good attendance of delegates.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
LABOUR REPRESENTATION COMM/TTEE:

The SECRETARY (Councillor Stott) reported that he had received a copy of the quarterly report of the National Labour Representation Committee, showing the new affiliations during the quarter to number 14,470.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIVATE COMPANIES V. MUNICIPAL ENTERPRISE.

The SECRETARY stated that he received a circular from a committee representing the Co-operative Society and the trade union branches in the Newcastle district with respect to the efforts of a small private company owning eight miles of tramways to obtain compulsory running powers over the Newcastle Corporation system which was twenty three miles in length.ln consequence he wrote to Mr. R. Pierpoint, M.P. asking him to use his influence in Parliament to prevent the powers being granted, and to support a motion to delete the compulsory clauses in the Company's Bill. He (Councillor Stott) stated that he looked upon the matter as one affecting workers and ratepayers all over thecountry, and he felt that if the request were allowed it would vitally injure or place in jeopardy all municipal tramway services. Mr. Pierpoint did not acknowledge the letter. When the matter came before the House, the Bill was sent back to the committee for reconsideratinn. Mr. Pier- point was asked by the Electricity and Tramways Cora- imitteeof the Corporation to oppose the Bill. In spite of the requests of the Trades Council and Town Council be voted in favour of permission being given to the company, whereas Colonel Pilkington and Sir H. Seton Karr opposed the recommendation. That was, he thought, the first occasion within his recollection where they found Mr. Pierpoint voting in opposition to the two Tory members from the neighbouring 3onstit- uencies.

- The CHAIRMA.N said there was no doubt that municipal enterprise would be met with these kind of proposals as, years went on. The exponents of private enterprise for individual profit would always tryto fight municipalization. As working people they had a great deal to hope, for from municipal effort, and it should be their duty to, thwart the efforts of those who put private enterprise before public welfare. The Secretary's action was endorsed. CORT'OR!kTION_ CONTRACTS. •

Notice was received of the annual meeting of the Lancashire and Cheshire Federation of Trades and Labour Councils. to be held on July 30th. A resolution will be submitted calling attention to the status of a firm holding contracts for police clothing for many Lancashire and Cheshire authorities, and proposing that the Federation Executive be instructed to make such inyestigations and to take such steps as would ensure proper recognition of the fair contracts clause supposed to apply to the contracts in questions. Another resolu- tion urges the, necessity of meetings of public bodies being held in.the evening insteat. of during the day as as present. The CHAIRMAN instanced how Councillor Stott would have to lose work if he attended the meetings of Cor- poration committees of which he was a member, and he contended that this was unfair.

Councillor STOTT said he had been making inquiries respecting a firm which received Corporation clothing contracts. As far as he could gather, this was the only ,firm of the kind in that particular town, and the condi* tions of labour were very bad. The standing order of the Town Council said the recognized rate for the district "should be paid, but if there was only one firm in the district the Council could not interfere, although the conditions might be bad. The CHAIRMAN complained of the bad fit of clothing supplied to a tramway man, and Other delegates considered the hats were much too heavy to be worn in summer. _ _ _ _

It Was decided that the Executive Committee should consider the fair wage question, with a view to drawing up a new clause to be submitted to the Council.

FLINT GLASS MAKERS' DISPUTE.

Mr. E. W. LEICESTER, a representative of the local branch of the National Flint Glass Makers' Society, attended and explained at length the circumstanecs leading to the recent lock-out. The Council endorsed the Society's appeal, and the secretary was instructed to forward copies to each branch.

In the appeal' it is stated that"the employers have de- manded and locked us out for a deduction in our wages of 20 per cent. We have met them twice in committee and we offered to concede a sum equal to an advance in wages we received some years ago, for beyond this we cannot go without reducing ourselves to a slavish posi- tion,and knowing full well that reducing wages will not in the slightest degree improve the trade or take. one unemployed member off the roll. We hold it is our right to fight and struggle against the outrageous and unwarrantable, demand of the employers." The lock out in Manchester and Warrington,it is stated, will put out of employment 150 men, who are members of the trade federation but not entitled to benefit at present on ac- count of only being members six months.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Vik-COGOA MAKES MEN CHEERFUL.

The work of Mr. H. Hockley, of 5, Lorrimore-ros,d, Walworth, London, compelled him to be out in all winds and weathers, and until six weeks ago he used to get very depressed and always seemed tired and weary. Do you ever have such feelings? If so, follow Mr. Hockley's advice. He says : A friend of mine advised me to try Vi-Cocoa. I did so, and since using it regularly I can safely say I feel quite another man and am always cheerful:" _ _ .

Merit alo ine s what is claimed for Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa, and the Proprietors are prepared to send to any reader who names this Journal, a dainty sample tin of Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa, free, and post paid, upon receipt of a post card to the Head Office, 60, Bunhill- Row, London, E.C. ; or you can purchase a 6d. packet, or 9d., or Is. 6d. tin from any grocer or stores. Vi-Cocoa is the cheapest and best food beverage in the world.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Councillor Stott and the Rev. H. Dunnico.

On Sunday evening at the close of a lecture by Miss Mabel Parker Grant at Bridge Foot, Councillor Stott made a lengthy reference to certain statements of the Rev. H. Dunnico's. The first statement he objected to was one to the effect that "drink " was the cause of more unnecessary evil, vice, bigamy, and degradation than all other causes put together including our present competitive system. The second statement was to the effect that the teachings of the Socialistic party w•re not based upon Christianity." The first statement was untrue, said Councillor Stott, and the second was a misrepre- sentation, and they challenged Mr. Dunnico to a public discussion. Mr. Dunvico, who happened to be in the crowd, asked permission to speak, but Councillor Stott refused. The crowd however took the matter,up and eventually Mr. Dunnico mounted the box. He stated very briefly that he did not remember exactly what the papers had reported him as saying, but to all intents and purposes they had reported him correctly, and he accepted the challenge on one condi- tion—that his opponent must be a: resident in the town. He objected on principle to meeting outside agitators. This condition Councillor Stott and one or two demurred at, whereon Mr. Dunnico said if they could not find one to meet him he would meet two or three as the case might be. Mr. Dunnices acceptance was loudly applauded by the crowd.

THE EDUCATION COMMITTEE, Business of the Next Meeting. 4,0 A meeting of the Warrington Education Commit 7.„ will be held on Monday evening next, when the folloi ing, among other business, will be transacted.

WINDOW CLEANING. The Finance Committee hasj resolved, that arraoge; ments be made with the Public and Express Wind° Cleaning Company for the cleaning of the outside t°l3 the windows of the new education office once a 1110°, at a cost of 3s. 6d. per occasion, and of the dortl'o" lights at the mixed departments at the Warringt° het British school once a month, and the partitions at t school once a quarter, at a cost of Is. 3d. and 2s. P."( occasion, respectively.

GOVERNMENT GRANTS. Two circular letters from the Board of Educstiel notifying the payment of the following instalinec,ts annual and fee grants,were submitted and noted, vi..°;„f Instalment of Instalment annual grant, fee grand, s. d. £ s• • b Fairfield Heathside Ivatioiaal Ladies' School of Industry 53 0 0 Sankey Bridges Wesleyan 46 10 0 St. Ann's St. Peter's . Silver-street Wesleyan ... 172 10 0 Warrington British 156 „, 6 Warrington Parochial Wycliffe British l6l 15 0 6 873 h' 3 *Annual grant at 3s. 9d 1731 Total 2605 Soo THE NEW APPOINTMENTS TO THE SECONDAEY sell AND TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. iVed The School Management Committee has resc the that the following teachers be appointed t° 1311 Secondary school and technical institute at the SS; col mentioned in each case; the engagements to date 1r times to be hereafter fixed, and to be detecruinsb_„ina the case of the head master, by three months', n'mth's the cases of the assistant teachers, by one n notice, to expire on the last day of any calendar laL"-ter, given by or to the committee, viz. ;—(a) Head nrorit Mr. Ernest S. A. Dobson, £250 per annum ;(b) ass'? (c) master, Mr. William Donaghy, £l2O per annunl,Cdith assistant mistresses, Miss Mary L. Mitchell, Miss -1-4 Wilkinson, £llO per annum in each case. ARRANGEMENTS FOR EVENING CLAS The Committee proceeded to consider the arre-rog meats for the various evening classes to be held dant, the coming session, and the following arrangcrne were adopted, viz. : TECHNICAL SCHOOL.—(a) That, as far as poss— the classes be accommodated in the Technical Institu t (b) that the various teachers employed during the P3sof session (with the exception of the teachers ?tocl book-keeping, and applied mechanics, steara,„Tiog geometery), be offered the appointments u-os; the approaching sessio.n upon the same terlica- (c) that an advertisement be issued inviting aPP.tied tions for posts of teachers of book-keeping, and aPnliddi' mechanics, steam and geometry, and also for arVthst tioiaal teacher for commercial arithmetic ; and the salary of the shorthand teacher be increased £2B to £3O for the session. EVENING CONTINUATION SCHOOLS.— (a) That the, rington Parochial Evening school be discontiaue(Vfor that the Wycliffe British Evening School continusuove- the next session, but that, unless considerable ihnlyasses meat is shown in the attendance thereat, the c be discontinued at the end of the seaslived (c) that, subject to satisfactory leports being recef the from the Board of Education upon the work now schools during the past session the present SuP_ipg tendents be offered the appointments for the coluorr session, and that they be invited to submit their re° (d) mendations for the assistance required by them ; oeh: that the schools be opened on two evenings each littor and (a). that the following be the subjects of ins„ical tions viz. :—English, writing, arithmetic, geowe',4s ; drawing and freehand, all subjects beingcm:Pil,.:lll:iv: : a. girls to take cookery and' needlework instead or ing • the standard of efficiency to be that 01bire preliminary examinations of the Union of and Cheshire Institutes,.with a view to the st ae' being passed on to the Technical Institute °lasso!, Resolved, that the superintendents of the ive'uthe Continuation schools to be established duri_Ftbo coming session tbe paid at the rate of not lea! less 10s. 6d. per evening, and the assistant teachers nc)"..., the than ss. per evening, and that consideration 17001- tiog advisability of adding a bonus thereto upon the sn' ance of the scholars be deferred until the next In"- of the committee. t The committee desired it to be understood ths ts would encourage occasional lectures upon subjefflra i,t interest such as illustrated geography lessons, woe was suggested that these might be given at stated I),.et the as a reward to those whose work and attendance t" classes had been satisfactory. A WARNING TO TEACHERS. ectiell) Irregularities having been reported in conn osion with the marking of the registers during the past sf the both at the Technical Institute and at certain °that e Evening Continuation schools, it was decided , atiog further letter be sent to all the teachers int.° tir.tr that, in the event of any repetition of these irreg.ioa ities, the committee wilt have to take into considers' the position of the teachers in question. " I TEACHERS GOING TO COLLEGE. 1101citeg teachers, who are about to enter training Resolved that the engagements of the terminated on the dates mentioned in each case, bet; Miss Gertrude A. Hudson, Fairfield, 6th SePte, /931 e Mr. Gordon G. Dawson, Heathside Nationsi; 515,1' August; Mr. Frank A. Bate, Heathside Nations:lc" August; Miss Dorothy Ashley, Latchford 31st August' Miss Margaret Edgar, St. 315 i September • Miss Evel3n Arnold, St. Arm o August; Miss Florence M. 4.4idiard, Ladies' Sc°„lait° Industry, 31st August; Miss Nellie Jenks, Hob' .o.toos National, 31st August; Mr. John A. Jones, Warrliagt°,,rl British, 10th September; Miss Ella Wilson, vorrogtodx- British, 31st August; Miss Polly Taylor, VC(„glaa Parcchial, 6th September; Miss Mabel Wycliffe British, 31st August.

Nameof school.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

lONAL

RESS TRAINS.

AND

GREAT WESTERT

SUMMER SEASON

ACCELERATEC TRAIN SERVICES

ON ALL PARTS OF THE

ttekePt/ WATCHED THROUGH A FIELD GLASS,--J Stockton Heath youths appeared at DaresburY„,ing Sessions on Tuesday to answer a charge of card Pi:toot' Their names were :—Stanley Starkey, Arthur If.odif.,f' John Thompson, William Skinner, Benjamin ItiorP-_,l Samuel Lonsdale, William Hooper, Henry Mars' A fre- Lloyd, William Starkey, Thomas Livingstone,ctiK Robinson, Thomas Hooper and Alfred Holt.-Iro0;, Sergeant Bowyer proved the case, and said that, t ,ds a field glass, he saw the defendants playing at 0313aiel Appleton on Sunday June 12th. He as accoealeu, by P.C. Williams. They afterwards both On,: tbm, themselves in a corn field behind a hedge were only 20 yards away from the lads. 17 csri, money change hands. They found a bundle e eac and 5-id. Defendants who pleaded guilty, vier fined 2s. including costs.

Return of the Militia. f t" On Saturday morning the 3rd battaliou ? too King's Liverpool Regiment, returned co warrolg• ntiro3" after the usual summer training at Altcar. A-.„0003, the afternoon and evening the men left for" most of them going to Liverpool.

RAILWAY

ADDIT EXP

for the

I

===== 0002601_19040716_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
1

With Special Facilities for

HOLIDAY EXCURSIONS

Full particulars free on application to the Superintendent of the Liric' Paddington Station, W.

JAMES C. INGLIS, General Manager.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRESS AND POVERTY.

1:1E FOREIGNER'S ADVANCE,

===== 0002601_19040716_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
ITS EXTENT AND INFLUENCE.

OF all the fallacious arguments which have irell used by Protectionists, the one which orges that another nation's prosperity means jilt' adversity is the most to be deplored. It ill wrong not only in fact, and hopelessly °Mal, but it is more particularly wrong xi: kaorals. The people who cannot see others sPerous without imagining that they are 'lag robbed do not deserve to succeed Th,

e Argument. tol:„It1.1. CHAMBERLAIN has repeatedly pointed qt." Progress of other nations as a proof that jaleat Britain is necessarily on the decline. 134 e of his last speeches he told us: We are no longer first among manufacturing h ""ati°nswe are third; we shall be fifth or sixth unless)7,, we take steps to reverse our present of Free Trade. a. Mr. Chamberlain describes as a com- i!ltive decline, and what he wishes us to here is frau;*ht with such serious conse- -114 coences to the trade and commerce of the 14dr-sr, is nothing more than the natural gre'vtli of other countries, which no power on 4•lth can stop.

e Reply. ThIRE reply to this argument is very simple. dee only wonder is that anybody should be bleiVed by such an absurd proposition. The on the Continent of Europe have only elY—that is, within the last twenty years- -oen able to devote their undivided energies heir trade, commerce, and industries. re'4l3re then they were distracted by wars and tav,(3.lutions which put an effectual bar upon 41'101%1 progress. During this period the b anufacturers of Great Britain, undisturbed 11ch troubles, had practically a monopoly the 'Be world's trade. This was particularly bti,ease after the Franco-German War, when Oh," our great trade rivals were exhausted and tZst wrecked by the havoc wrought by that Do'ble conflict. But it was not to be sup- t2efl that the advantage gained then could be aloanently secured. As the people were to rebuild their waste places, and devote th 'pe warfare of trade the lives and treasure °fa', had previously been wasted upon the field 8e ,nattle' their competition became more coril°l-1-s• No alteration of our Fiscal policy have prevented them from recovering .._ground, or could have enabled us to hold "nariently that portion of the world's toui kerce which we had secured during the reti°d of European political evolution and volution.

Proportion.* apart from the extraordinary dislocation ttrifiuropean industries and its influence upon th,'lsh trade, there are other reasons why the '4O of foreign countries should have danced more rapidly than our own. The ulation of Great Britain is less than the irololllation of America and some European illitries. Thus:

Russia 106,159,141 United States .. • 77,647,000 Germany .. .. 56,806,000 Great Britain .. 41,454,621 France • . . . 38, 961,945 ') Great Britain is the only Fine-Traat• 1111.111, trY among the above. But if all citkhel- ah'll:4B were equal, the trade of each coun-Ir:•,- •ti°e•ld be in exact proportion to the popila- -40°4, ef each country; while, if Protection is a benefit to the commerce of a nation. tte,ll, Great Britain should be at the bottom tuo.'fle list. Thus according to population we t to be low down in the scale of the lar.l,(l' 8 trade, and according to Mr. Chamber- Q(1:11 8 theories we ought not only to be low uwri but absolutely at the bottom. But what I;`,e the facts ? So far from being low down, Tt are very high up. Here are the figures. • 4 1901 e last year for which figures are available 1: Country.

Imports. Exports. k i: qreat Britain 5990,91, 000 317, 564,000 G. • _errnany 998,350,000 237,070,000 °95,550,000 345,429,000 _4-ranee lBB, 5541, 000 1(43,646,000 itussia 41111_118 we see that although Grcat Britain i M s (ost last in population we are first in,trade.

Ilrowth.

,AT the, same time we cannot expect to aintain for all time the premier ,Yur position. country is smallest in area, and it is I.loPossible for us to hold the first place in the Iverld's commerce for ever. It is only because Ire have had free imports that by using the Vorld's materials we have been able to be the vorld's manufacturers. But other countries ve not only commenced to manufacture for ,Teraselves ; they have had time to strengthen r eir position, improve their methods, and .1/ctend their markets. So lohg, as Great 17itain continues the policy of Free Imports ciP°ll- which its strength has grown and trapped there is every reason to believe her position may be Maintained. nothing can stop the growth of other i°ns. Nothing can prevent ''the young trades 4,111 industriei of other nations from increasing I,:re rapidly than our own. A child grows T,PidlY, while a man does not grow at all. k4oty or thirty years ago foreign maim- 'ires were in their infancy; they have now itowil to something like manhood's estate. Is re R any wonder that during this period of their Ivth they have advanced more rapidly than ''elves ?

ke a' Remedies. for „ERE is every -indication that the struggle e trade sulremacy of the world will be %Coils* keen in the near future. The people 114e'rkreat Britain have held that position with th,,,Lt comparative ease in the past that they the taken no special pains to keep ahead of ttadtiDles The representatives of foreign Flae,re are in every quarter of the globe, rrig with energy and intelligence the sale teign goods. Our own people have not the;luled to send cut their advance agents; el have left their goods to introduce them- Too often the manufacturers of this the try have taken no special trouble to meet Th,,lvarits and requirements of their customers. they have expected them to buy not what Ivier Wanted, but what the British people is.ed to sell. Ive .OW, all these things must be changed if Ilrot-te to hold our own. What we want is not tnor eetion—not shackles upon our trade, but tt intelligence upon the part of our traders; bitttr education and preparation for life's Lett e for our children; a wider scope and a l'eliater Opportunity for skill and energy in Over class of society it may be found. ileib the people of Great Britain a chance! 44dete them from the thrall of Landlordism 4141,4' .eudalisin! Give them more freeuem, l'ree Trade, and we need nut foal: the Petition of any nation.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
orange- Window, ltside 05 month dorraer .ringt° at tilt"' 2s. Per

SES. arso.4o- - ionieots

;venill, the ng ... ,ss th,l' t less o 0 of OA atte?"; novo&

t the{ cts d aenri°" Pat the

sessi° f tbe o t A tha •ng er'ati°'

===== 0002601_19040716_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
A

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

VENISON, you know, is deer at the price. A faux never loves but once. The other times be is wise enough to let her do the loving. MARRIAGE is a lottery in which all draw some- thing—usually a perambulator. "What's an empty title, pa?" "An empty title is your mother's way ofetalling me the head of the house."

LIGHTNING struck a hall where some of Wagner's music was being rendered, and the leader of the orchestra merely motioned to the man at the big drum to hit it more gently in the next move- ment.

JOHNNY (to his sister) : "Emma, if you give me a bit, of your cake, I'll spoil the piano so that you won't, be able to take a lesson for a fortnight." NOTHING does one more good than to be able to tell a person who gives us an important bit of news that we already knew it. FRACrIONAL.-" You admit," said the judge severely, "that you married these two women?" "I did," said the unabashed bigamist. "They are my better two-thirds." SHE (on the river): "Oh, how delightful it would be to drift on like this for, ever and ever." He (who has hired the boat) : "Not at a shilling an hour."

CHOLLY : " Ah, Miss Cutting, you never could guess what a vewy stwange thing has just reached my ears!" Miss Cutting: "Yes, I see you're wearing one of the new collars." You never realise how awkward you must be until you see a snap-shot picture of yourself in motion.

" I'm afraid we must be separated, my dear," said Mr. Newlywed to his wife. " The doctor says I have rheumatic tendencies, and must give up all sweet things." BOBBLER'S wedding was the culminatim of a romance. He met his wife in a train." "lie did ? Why doesn't he sue the company?" • FT's rather lucky girls are angels without wings. If they had wings they'd likely be killed sc, trim hats with.

"I WONDER if any of the bride's relatives are present?" "Oh, yes. I saw some people in the next room counting the presents." AURICULAR.—" Her beauty is the purely intel- lectual type, isn't it?" "Yes; one that is heard, but not seen."

UNDER the shadow of the Southern Cross there stands a stately palm tree, at the foot of which we buried Ildloise. There is no name upon the palm tree—only a date. " DoRA must have suffered some terrible dis- appointment. One never sees her smile now. What is the matter?" "Two front teeth pulled.' Miss HOMELY: "Do you think I ought to per- mit Jack to kiss me before we are married 7" Miss Beauty : "Yes, unless you prefer never to be kissed."

SHOWMAN: "This armless man can pick up a needle with his toes." Disgusted Visitor: "That's nothing. I've of. tom a picked up tacks with my heni..2

NUT DP IN PLIITARCH.—" They've found the grave ot Romulus in Rome." "Bub I thought Romulus was translated." "No, it's just the same in both languages." 'Oa, SOPHY 1 I hear you kissed Mr. Rondo, the poet, in the conservatory last night." "Urn- m-in !" "Tell me. What was it like?" "Well, he has a very pronounced literary taste." Lonn NODDLES: " Aw, I say, captain, what ii that land we see ovah there?" C4ptain : "Tiro is Australia, my lord." Lord Noddles: don't say. I thought Australia was a laretr country than that." S'ET HIM THINKING.—Jenks: "I am afraid we haven't much fur dinner, but such as it is----" Clinker: "Don't make any excuses, old fellow. Ramember that .1 have dined at your house before."

ASSURED.—" Are you sure that the room you have to let is quiet?" asked the timid young man. "Ah Rist assured of that," said the landlady. "There is a singer in the next room, and it must be quiet or she couldn't practise." AUNT (laboriously darning her nephew's psir of suck): "Well, Jack, I really think that one of these days prize-fighting will be abolished. I see that in one of the latest encounters they used two-ounce gloves instead of those great cruel things." BUSINESS MAN: "Here is sixpence for you to go to the music-hall." Office Boy: " Thankee, sir. Anything I can do for you?" Business Man: "Yes. Liam anew song. lam a little tired of the old ones you whistle." To REFORM THE WORLD.—" Aunt Emeline has a theory for reforming the world." "What is it?" "Mothers ought to exchange children." "What good would that do?" "Mothers always hava huch strict ideas about how other women's children should be raised."

" FACT is," said the grocer, "there's no money in coffee nowadays." "That's one comfort," re- plied the customer' "but there's almost everything else in it. In the last pound I got there were eight beans, three peas, and a handful of gravel stones." "Do you find the scarecrows any use for saving the crops ?" "Yes, certainly; you see it works out in this way. Every tramp that comes along crosses the fields to see if the clothes are worth stealing. He finds they aren't, but then he's helped to scare the crows away." HUSBAND: "My dear, I want to ask you one favour before you go off on that long visit." Wife "A thousand, my love. What is it?" "Don't tr to put the house in order before you leave." "It isn't hard work." "Perhaps not, but think of the expense of telegraphing to you every time I want to find anything.' Inaix CUSTOMER: "That chair you sold me a month ago is a perfect swindle!" Auctioneer: "How so, madam?" Irate Customer: "The covering has begun to wear already, in places and shows the springs. Auctioneer (with gentle de- precation) : An, but my dear madam, don't you remember that I particularly mentioned the fact that those fine springs would outlast the ohair ? " Buy and Edith are sisters, four and five years old respectively. May had been very naughty, and mamma had talan her over her knee to administer corporal punishment, when Edith suddenly pushed the door ajar and peeped in. Turning her chubby face as far round towards her sister as her peculiar position would admit, May said very gravely: "Go out, Edie, don't you see I'm busy ? " It is needless to add that mamma granted a respite. "WILLIE," she cried from the window, "you two boys get out of that hammock. The first thing you know you will, break it down.' "Two little fellows like me and Tommy break it down !" ex- claimed the boy. "Yes, you will." "Au' last night when that Mr. Smithkins was calling on you, an you got tired sittin' on the porch, and " " Never mind, Willie," she interrupted, hastily. "Maybe it's all right, after all." Softly shone the subdued light of the solitary gas-jet in the drawing-room of the Bilderback mansion and soft was the voice of the abashed young Erasmus Shackelford, who sat on the edge of his chair, mopped his heated face, and smiled with a kind of paper-mache smile at the entranc- ing young woman, in the dazzling aureola of whose auburn hair he had fluttered in agoniaing captivity for months and months. "Miss Viola," he said, clearing his throat, and speaking with Avery in- fliction of a man about to say something, " you will not be surprised, I presume, if I—if I express the—the feeling, the—the opinion, as it were, that —that it's pretty hot this evening?" Erasmus gave his face another frenzied wipe with his hand- kerchief, and subsided into palpitating silence. "No," replied Miss Viola, with a smile that brought a large and ecstatic lump of something or other up into his throat, "I am not surprised, Mr. Shackelford. You made the same observation earlier in the evening." "Y-yes," he gasped. "I believe I did. It—it was not an entirely new re- mark. In fact, it was a kind of a—of a chestnut, I suppose." The agitated youth made another effort to crush down the lump in his throat. " And I—l feel, Miss Bil—Viola—as if I were a —4 kind of—of observation myself that was get- ting tiresome. Haven't I been—been observed here a little too often? Da I seem to be a—a chestnut"—and as he moved his handkerchief over his glowing face in tremulous jabs, his voice took on a despairing sound—" a sort of—of roasted chestnut ? " "No Erasmus," slowly answered the maiden. " When a chwitnut is roasted it pope." The conscientious historian i 4 bound to record the fact that at this point Erasmus immediately DOPPed.

A pipe line 280 miles long, built for the purpose of conveying oil from the Kern River district to a ship- ping point on San Francisco Bay,was recently completed and opened for service' when a very unexpected diffi- culty was encountered. The oil is so heavy that it was five days travelling the first thirty-seven miles. It has been decided to make the experiment of heating the oil to about 120 degrees, and at the same time the number of pumping stations will be greatly increased.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
. CLARKh'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in Pubs * STRANGE DISAPPEARING LAKE. sex, all acquired or constitutional discharges from- the ~ Urinary Organs, Gravel land Pains in the back. Free from The district surrounding the Gulf of Trieste, in Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s, 6d Austria,kbounds in many wonderful natural phenomena, each, of all chemists aud Patent Mediline Vendors through - but the most curious of all is the disappearing lake of out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Kirknitz. It is about four miles long and three broad, Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln.— and about 50 feet in depth. During the month of July, Advt. according to a 'Globe correspondent, the lake often FLORILINE I—FOR THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Thoroughly imanpdurigtiievse.shetrodet nb commences to disappear, the waters entirely leaving the tctbiheeeangFsbiemobe irs.t gums, prevents rteevet bh t far toamr, taa rl l, pa stopsr asi t e:e coary, . isatsdealnlgdhrtfeurliumfraerger,a—nce bed, and in about 25 days the bed is quite dry. The Advt. peasants living in the neighbourhood immediately plant Ele.tlll.3a barley and other crops in the place where a few weeks to t previously they had been fishing and as the lake re- mains in this state for some, considerable time, they are enabled to gather in their harvest before the water re- turns. Sometimes the basin is refilled in 24 hours, so rapid is the inrush of water. peculiar ne , , pearlyrPriceo Ivd i :Li old tie a; loi elr a chemists hbaeenmd riaith. *,, liquid, or Is. per jar for VALUABLE IDIECovERY FCR THE MAIR.—If your hair is turning grey or white or falling off uta the MEXICAN HAIR RENEwEr, for it will positively restore. in every case, grey , or white hair to its original colour, It makes the hair The bed of the lake is composed of IVriestone rock charmingly beautiful, as well all promoting the hravitn, shich is perforated with vast fissures and'caves. Some Price 3s. '''' .•;er bottle. "..w.,.. of these fissures are about 50 feet deep, and 12 of them \ ~, ...o BloTHEne. Ars. WiNeLow's soothing dyrup as. peen both draw off and discharge water. Another wonderful used for over fifty years by millions of-mothers for their eilli- lake in the near neighbourhood is that of VTalla, which i dren while teething.with perfect success. It will relieve th t has no apparent inlet or outlet, and yet the waters are• poor produces natural quie sufferer imniedlately. It is pleasant to taste ; and sleep. by relieving the child from i c always pure and sweet. It is surmised that the lake is I fed by one or nxbre subterranean passages. This is all pain and the little herub awakes "as bright as a button." 1 the more remarkableas the lake is situated in the centre all Chemists 19. If pa bottle. Advt. of a small island called Cherso Island. I

===== 0002601_19040716_art0113.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19040716_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 16, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
Agent :—J. S. GARLAND,BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
WAIIIININO AT HOME. BRADFORD," "vowiL )(up, Wembley!. 11111 IBM& and MutHAI 211,skis" SAVE TIME, SAVE LABOUR. and SAVE THE CLOTHES. Writs fir Catalsrus, /sr, fret es arnisation. THOPAAB BRADFORD A 00., 140, 141, and 142, HMI HOLBORN, LOMPON ; Vicromiii AVENUE, DIANSGATI, MANCHESTER; 134. Dois-rnimarr, LIVERPOOL ; CRESCENT IRON wow, sArbram

===== 0002601_19040716_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
.

',...,, .........--, ',7 ‘7,4 ,c.iliolV FIRE OFFICE , NOED % FUNDS IN HAND £2,535,800. .For all particulars apply to the following Agents. WAHRINGTON....Me6srs. J. B. Pickmere & Son Bridge St Messrs. Wood & Son, Commercial Chambers 55, Horsernarket street, . Mr. Lonis A. Voisec, 21, King street Mr. B. Lowe, 1, Bank street.

VAR 0

===== 0002601_19040716_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
SUN

tt.,:t.

E

C

H

A

,v.:

I

L

L

S

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

M

S

- . , _

===== 0002601_19040716_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
P.

Possess the following qualities in a high degree : They STRENGTHEN the STOMACH They REGULATE the BOWELS They PURIFY and ENRICH the BLOOD They give TONE to the whole NERVOUS SYSTE BEECHAM'S PILLS darruegpoufrelly-finveergaeltalem,etall7 - - beneficent and sure.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, W ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

and we. find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used but COCKLE'S PILLS as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Obse7ver.

eOeKLE'S FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
PiNTIBILIOLIS PILLS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

Hnglish and Foreign Picture Frame-s. livery requisite for the trade. Regilding st Speciality. Largest stock of Isloulduigs in the Kingdom. Send for PATTKRN BCOK. 163 pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. IMPORTHR OF fiLASS. GLASS STOCK LISTS FREK ON APPLICATION.

H. MOREL", 177 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON W.C. Warehouses : 11, 12. and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street, (in the rear). 9 elegraphie Address: —" Rabbitry, London." Telephone C 135 Central

===== 0002601_19040716_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
They will restore you to health if you give them a chance.

BEECHAM'S PILLS have ever enjoyed the confidence of Ladies for the ailments peculiar to their sex.

Sold everywhere in Boxes, price IS. 1?d. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. (168 Pills) with full directions.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
The Social Problem.

Si r,—Your'correspoedent resents'my hard and straight hitting but when a person enters the arena in such an arrogant and flippant manner as "P. 8. he must be pre pared to accept the inevitable consequences. I have already been compelled to accuse "P. 8. of being illogical and narrow-minded and I now add an additional 'accusatory viz., unconsistency. Moreover your correspondent's latest letter is full of assertions altogether opposed to that which is tame and which reveal a lamentable ignorance of the principles of the party of which he professes to be a member. However no good purpose can be served by continuing this dis- cussion and I think it'might come to an end. Of course if "P. 8. wishes me to point out the bad logic and the narrow-minded inconsistent and incorrect statements in his letter I will do so, but not otherwise. "P. 8. I think will on consideration recognise the wisdom in my suggestion; at this critical juncture in our nation's history the progressive forces cannot afford to be divided.—Yours sincerely, HERBERT DUNNICO.. July 15th.

Sir,—May I be permitted a few lines in answer to ths ev. H. Dunnico's two last replies to my previoue letters. Mr. Dunnico says that I asked why he publicly identified himself with the Liberal party. What Ido ask is this. Why does Mr. Dunnico remain officially a member of the Liberal party while at the same time being the head of the Social Service League? Is it in the best interests of the league that be does so? Before the Social Brotherhood was formed his position in the Liberal party was all right, in fact, for that matter it may be so now, only as I say the question is,— is it best? And with regard to the use of the word " God " I am not prepared to modify what I have said to any great extent. The Non-Christian section of the league are entitled to consideration and if we get too much religion and theology—well there might be trouble. We shall see appearing in our local papsrs the following startling headings—" Social Ser- vice League Meeting" "Rowdy Theological Dis- cussion" "Exciting Scenes." Do you know, sir I do not profess to be intolerant or narrow-minded and indeed if history be true I do believe that my Christian friends (not the "very advanced Christians' of course) have always been noted for their "tolerance and broadmindedness." "The gospel of Jesus Christ" says the reverend gentleman "is beyond doubt the finest ethic 1h the entire sphere of moral science and is therefore the best political economy." According to our preachers we are to believe that Jesus knew everything that would happen under the sun and that this teaching would apply to all times and all countries. And Ido not know very much about it being "beyond doubt" the finest ethic As for the "best political economy" this is all—shall I say—rot. I don't suppose Jesus bothered much with political economy and if He were here now he might probably consider political economy too big a subject. Apply Jesus' teaching about taking no thought for the morrow to modern 'life—and then—think. We want no religious movements, we have had enough. However I do not wish to quarrel on religious grounds. Perhaps as H. G. Wells would say, I am "anticipating" trouble. To the Rev. H. Dunnico I say in conclusion, let us be reasonable and tolerant.—Yours &c.,______ _

ONE INTERESTED.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
AN "INTOLERABLE NUISANCE" AT ARPLEY.

Health Committee Prosecute.

Albert Mynekyme, butcher, Market-street, was sum- moned at the Borough Police Court yesterday, for having by carrying on the business of glue making at Arpley caused an effluvium which was a nuisance and injurious to the health of the inhabitants of the district. —Mr. Stanley Wilson, deputy town clerk, prosecuted for the Health Committee, and Mr. Steel defended. Mr. Wilson said the magistrates had the power to in- flict a penalty not exceeding £5 and not less than £2. In the early part of this year the defendant applied to the Health Committee for permission to establish an offensive trade, and in March the committee granted permission on defendant promising to carry out the requirements of the Medical Officer of Health. Dr. Gornall visited the works and submitted his require- ments in writing to the defendant,who promised to carry them out. From time to time Dr. Gornall had inspected the premises and had found that without exception de- fendant had failed to fulfil the requirements. In conse- quence of so many complaints having been received by the Health Committee, some from persons residing half a mile from the works, the Medical Officer was instructed to report specially upon the works. As the result of the report and the certificate which he gave proceedings were instituted. There could be no doubt that the nuisance arising front the works was simply intolerable. People living in Wilson-Patten-street, Wilderspool-road and neighbourhood, complained bitterly, and he asked the Bench to inflict a substantial penalty. Dr. Gornall stated that on June 17th he was passing along New-road when he smelled a very strong odour which was undoubtedlya nuisance to the neighbourhood and injurious to health. There was no doubt whatever that the smell arose from the glue works. In answer to Mr. Steel, witness said he had heard the works were ownod by a company. They were the only works of the kind in Warrington. Mr. Steel said the works had only been open for three months, and the company had hardly had time to get them into working order. He suggested that the case should be adjourned for a month. During the hot weather an offensive smell had arisen from an accumula- tion of bones, but these were almost used up, and de- fendant was not getting another supply. The Mayor : We are not inclined to let you poison the neighbourhood for another month. Mr. Mynekyme gave an undertaking not to. carry on the trade during the month, and on that understanding the case was adjourned.

Stockton Heath and the Warrington Light Railway. The Widening of Old London Road. Sir,--My statement that it was expressly ruled by the Light Railway Commissioners that the Stockton Heath Parish Council had a right to appear, may be verified by a reference to the report of the proceedings at the Inquiry in the "Warrington Guardian" of March sth, 1902. So far from the appearance of the Parish Council being a- privilege allowed through the courtesy of the Town Clerk, it may be stated that although the Parish Council appeared on three several occasions, it was reserved for the Counsel of the Warrington Corporation to raise the objection that the Parish Council could not be recognized, and it was in answer to -this objection that Colonel Boughey, the chairman ruled that, " the Parish Council had a right to be heard." Nobody has ever said (because it has nothing to do with the point under discussion) that the Light Railways Act recognised a Parish Council, though as a matter of fact that Act does recognise a Parish Council—for ex- ample section 24 of the Act which provides for an amending order being obtained on the application of "any authority "—words which in the opinion of Mr. Steward (a barrister, late the secretary and now one of the Late Railway Commissioners) include a Parish Council. But it matters not for the purpose of my argument whether the Council appeared by right or by privilege so long as the fact that the Council did appear is admitted, as it now is, for this disposes of the implication intended to be conveyed by the Town Clerk's letter to Mr. England that because, (as he states) the Light Railways Act does not recog- nise a Parish Council therefore that Council was not in a position to obtain terms as to the road widening. As to the width of the road, it is sought to prove that my statement is wrong because the Parish Council is not named in the Order neither is the width of 50 feet named therein. Nobody ever said they were so named. But the name of the Parish Council Clerk is mentioned in the Order and the width of the Toad is defined by reference to "a plan signed by Edwin Bradshaw" who, as everybody here ought to know is the Clerk to the Stock- ton Heath Parish Council. Section 5 clause 1 of the Warrington Corporation Light Railways Order, 1903, is as follows :--- Before or concurrently with the construction of Railway (No. 1) the Corporation "shall widen the road upon which the same is to be laid "wherever it is shown on the plans that land is to be "acquired for that purpose to such extent that the "metalled portion of the road shall not be less than "thirty-five feet wide with a footpath not less than "five feet wide on each side thereof or such greater " width as is shown upon a plan signed by Edwin Brad- " shaw and deposited with the Board of Trade: Pro-i Two nomination papers have been handed in on behalf " vidsd that in places where the width available apt° the of Jacob Sankey, dairyman, Church-street. In the first "limits of land to be acquired as shown on the Plans is place he is proposed by Alderman John Evans, seconded "insufficient for such widening the Corporation shall by Joseph Birchall, and in a second paper he is proposed "widen the road to the full extent of the land so to be by John Dewhurst, seconded by John Whitley. Monday "acquired, and shall make the metalled portion of the next is the last day for the receipt of nominations. and " road to the full width available after prcricling foot- , the election will take place on the following Monday. "paths on both sides five feet in width." It is probable that the contest will be between Mr. Mr. England says that he has seen the above named Jacob Sankey (Conservative) and Mr. Thomas Chantler Order ancl finds it stated that the " metalled portion of , of Mersey-street (Non-Trader). Mr. Benson has retired the road ithall not be less than 35 feet wide with a foot- path not less than 5 feet on" each side thereof." From I which it is seen that Mr. England has quoted the first! portion only of the section and that portion which Volunteers' March to Moore. suited his arguinent and has omitted all the rest of the The members of the local Volunteer Battalion had section (which is italicised) which shows beyond all a route march to Moore on Saturday, the weather quibbling, both legal and lay, that 'the arrangements as being gloriously fine. Starting from headquarters at regards the road widening were made with the Parish - Council. It is surely due to such of your readers as 3.45,-the men proceeded through the Park, Sankey- have troubled to follow this discussion that IVlr.England street, Bold-street and along the New-road,- Moore shouldstate whether this serious misquotation of his is Hall (the residence of Mr. John White) being reached due to careless omission, or deliberate suppression. ;in good time. The officers on parade were Lieut-Col. Further, Mr. England asserts that "nowhere in the Edelsten, commanding ; Major J. D. Fairelough, Order is 50 feet mentioned and the road is not made Itfaior B. Fairclough, Major Appleton, Captain and nor will be made 50 feet wide." This is merely quibble. The width of the road is defined by plan and the road Adjutant Bundock, Captains Crosfield, Smith, H. G (according to a letter of the Town Clerk to the Clerk to Roberts, Haslam and Avery ; Lieuts. Ridgway the Parish Council of Bth January,l9o3) is,"for two-thirds Monks, R. MeMinnies Roberts and Layton ;the Rev. its length 50 feet wide and at the end near the Mulberry W. -Bracecamp (chaplain)and Sergt-Major Rawlinson. Tree it increases to 55 feet?' This statement of the Under the direction of Colonel Edelsten and Majors J. Town Clerk Mr. England will be certain to accept. D.Fairclough and B. Fairdough,some time was profit. In further proof that the Parish Council were instru- ably spent in battalion drill and in sundry manoeuvres mental and successful in regard to their negotiations as A which were very creditably performed. There was a to the road widening, I may state that the proviso at the end of the above quoted section was inserted to meet good attendance of spectators. The men were served the suggestion of the Parish Council. The Corporation with refreshments, and the officers were entertained pleaded at the inquiry that there were places (e.g to tea by Mr. and Mrs. White, the band of the regi- opposite the church) where they could not without ment. under the direction of Bandmaster Richardson very serious expense widen to the full width and Mr. discoursing an excellent selection of music. The Hatton representing the Parish Council suggested (I Drill Hall was reached shortly after nine o'clock, the quote from the Warrington "Guardian " of the date above referred to) that "it should be made a condition manceuvres having been a complete success.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

[Continued from Page 3.] WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

FEARNITEAD V. SANKEY CHAPEL HOUSE.—This match was played at Fearnhead on Thursday, and the home team gained a handsome victory. Mr. J. W. Kay was the referee. Scores :

FEARNHEAD. CHAPEL HOUSE. Jas. Andrews T. Boyd l5 J. Unsworth 4 Jos. Weston walk over 0 J. Mercer l5 J. Cionlden Jas. Roberts l3 F. T. Jefferson l5 T. Smith John Weston C. Roberts l5 J.E. Jefferson 2 T. Smith l5 R. Beddard lO W. Flowering P. Croft l5 J. Barton 7 W. Andrews l5 J. Cross 6

178 Majority for Fearnhead 106 points.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VACANCY IN HOWLEY WARD.

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

Norms .TO CDEZIES3SDES VS.

Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paper andisent in, if possible,uot later than Thursday.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
The Education t ontroversy. Registration—The First Duty of Free Churchman.

Sir,—E.rer since the Education Acts have been passed Free Churchmen have been told that they can find their remedy at the polling booth. The first step which Nonconformists can take in this matter is to see that their names appear on the register. It is often said that elections are won in the Registration Courts so that this is the moment when action should be taken. Claims should not be left to the last day, as there is always a possibility of a claim being mislaid or overlooked. The Free Church Council which last year unanimously determined to make education a test question at the -next general election, is now urging Free Churchmen to see that the names of those entitled to vote appear on the register now being prepared. Many a man loses the franchise through sheer lack of knowleege. Claim forms can always be obtained from the overseers or from the ordinary political organizations. There are many young men living at home who are entitled to claim a lodger vote, who might be put on the register if one enthusiastic man in each district were to make this his special business during the next few days. Amid the complications of the registration question, one or two simple facts may be remembered. Owner- ship claims must be sent in to the overseers by 20th July. Occupation and new lodger claims must be sent in by 20th August. Lodgers already on the register must put in afresh claim each year between 15th and 25th July. It is earnestly hoped that all Free Churchmen will give immediate attention to this matter.—Yours faith- fully,

THOMAS LAW. Organising Secretary National Council of Free Churches.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
Representation of Warrington.

Sir,—Two correspondents, "W. Furness " and "Thomas Knowles," were good enough to take notice of me in last Saturday's paper. As the communications are very much alike, and mainly devoted to laudating Messrs; Crosfield and their works, I do not feel called upon to follow them. One or two points, however, may b noticed. On the assumption of his own apparently fertile imagination, "\V. Furness "insinuates that lam a setter up of strife among people. I should be •extremely sorry to deserve such a reputation, as I am, perhaps, as anxious as my censor himself to cherish peace and goodwill among my fellow men. But when great national wrongs are oppressing and grinding out the life of a large proportion of our working classes it is a mean and cowardly policy which looks on with half-averted eyes, and whines out peace, peace, where there is no peace. Had this been the craven attitude `of the noble Wilberforce, and his friends, in all probability the British nation would never have been called upon to pay twenty millions of money for the redemption of West Indian slaves. Certain it is that such an expen Mare would find small grace in the eyes of our present rulers who seem more disposed to promote than to suppress com- mercial dealing in human beings made after the image of God. Nothing but honest, earnest, and determined agitation will ever avail •to destroy and root out our infamous land and liquor laws, and reduce what is called capital to its proper place in the industrial world. The sneers of "Thomas Knowles" as to the impotence of the few labour members in Parliament are both ungenerous and premature, and can only be understood ,on the unsatisfactory supposition that he is a man prone to reason from insufficient data. What can a mere handful of humble working men do to oppose the will or thwart the purpose of six hundred polished members of the dominant aris- tocracy of England But the tables will be turned before the world is much older. The workers are be- ginning to realise that, as God's creatures, they have rights and privileges which have hitherto been denied to them through unjust laws and usages, and their faces are already set in the direction of better things. And when they shall have obtained the majority in Parliament to which they are justly entitled some of their traducers will have reason.to change their opinion. For my own part, lam sanguine enough to 'elieve that the natural love of fair play which distinguishes British -workmen would soon make its mark in a Parliament led and controlled by labour members. Further, from some of his remarks I infer, that "Thomas Knowles "looks favourably upon the Liberal candidate because he is a capitalist. I cannot do so for this reason. Divested of all sophistries, capital, whether derived ;from usury ,or from" Profit and Loss," is a premium levied by idle- ness upon industry, and often forms a disturbing ele- ment in the relations between employer and em- ployed.—Yours truly, July, 1901.

lONA.

that the road should be made 50 feet wide where the Corporation acquired the land." "Mr. Sutton (the Corporation Counsel) said it was an unusual width." "The Chairman said it was not an unusual width for two lines." __

Mr. Sutton: Very well." Probably the above evidence will be considered suffi- cient to substantitate the statement of the Chairman of the Parish Council which Mr. England ventured to question' and which I taking the like liberty (if such it be) ventured to support.—Yours Bcc., H. J. WESTBROOK. Stockton Heath, I.sth July, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 16, 1904

In the Lil?eral programme, as Mr. Crosfteld had said, there were a great many burning and important ques- tions. In the Liberal arena there was an immense amount of work to be done, and two things were needed in Warrington,—unity and enthusiasm. If they could have the enthusiasm thrown into the political life of Warrington that they had thrown into that excursion victory was sure. (Applause.) They wanted to emancipate Warrington from Toryism. It had been under Tory rule long enough, and now they knew that every vote given to the Tories at the last election meant dear bread, tea, sugar, and meat. Hence politics had now become a home question. (Hear, hear.) The curious part of the present situation from the stand- point of their opponents was that consols had gone down and food had gone up. The expenses of the house- hold had increased and the income had diminished, and all who were in favour of low wages and dear food must vote for the Tories at the next election, but all who preferred higher wages and cheaper food must vote for the candidate who had addressed them that afternoon. (Cheers). They wanted from that moment to increase the solidarity of the ranks of Liberalism in the Borough from which they had come to multiply the number sf adherents and to increase the enthusiasm. (Hear, hear.) The speaker, in conclusion announced that next week Mr. Crosfleld, himself and one or two others, intended to address open-air meetings in Warrington at the street corners when they would open out some of these serious political question';. There never was a time when they had a Government that more thoroughly misrepresented the nation's views than the present one nor a member for Warrington who more thoroughly misrepresented the needs of Warrington than the present member who was supposed to represent the borough. The Government was disorganised and discredited and ought to be out of office. It was a question whether they were politically alive or dead. They were only united on one-question. It was the length of time they intended to continue to draw their salary. (Laughter). Address- ing the women Mr. Howes said if they had not votes they had the voters under their influence. It was said that those who rocked the cradle ruled the world, and those who were married had sufficient influence to make the voter do right on the polling day. (Cheers).

VOTES OF THANKS. ALDERMAN PIERPOINT AND WARRINGTON LIBERALISM.

Mrs. Jackson Holmes proposed and Mrs. (nay seconded, a vote of thanks to Mr. and Miss Crosfleld for their presence amongst them that day. (Applause.) Alderman Pierpoint said that Miss Crosfleld said to him a few minutes ago that he ought to remind them that very shortly there would be held in Warrington a gigantic Liberal bazaar and that she hoped they would endeavour to make it the magnificent success they made the last bazaar. Miss Crosfield suggested that all the ladies who were not attached to any of the working committees of the bazaar should make up their minds to work one article to be sold at the bazaar. That was a suggestion that should meet with their entire approval. (Hear, hear and applause.) He hoped the suggestion would bear good fruit. The motion was then put and carried and Mr. Crosfleld replied on behalf of his sister and him- self and congratulated the company on the beautiful weather which had been experienced. The most practi- cal and uaeful suggestion was mentioned that afternoon by Mr. Pierpoint on behalf of Miss Crosfleld. He hoped most earnestly that it would receive very favourable consideration. (Applause.) Mr. C. Jackson Holmes, in proposing a vote of thanks to Mr. Howes said they had had the pleasure of listen- ing to Mr. Howes very frequently of late but not too often by any means. (Hear, bear.) The most interest- ing address he had given them that afternoon deserved their heartiest thanks. (Applause.) The motion was carried.

Mr. Howes replied and proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman (Alderman Pierpoint), who, he said, had been in the front of battle in the past and would be again. He was a man of a good political character, and he was sure they would all be able to do some valuable work between now and the next general election. (Applause). Miss Crosfield seconded the motion, and said she agreed very heartily with every word which Mr. Howes had said. It was a very great pleasure to her to second the vote of thanks. (Cheers.) The motion was carried._

The CHAIRMAN, in reply, said the present was a reminiscence of old times. He had grown grey in the service. He recollected working for Mr Peter Rylands and Mr. McMinnies. It was then all reioieing in War- rington and they looked back to th )se days with pride and pleasure. He had fought for Mr. William Crosfleld and Mr. John Crosfield—(cheers)—and he should have voted for any other Crostield if they had put him up as a Liberal in Warrington. (Cheers.) He had special plea- sure in saying he was quite ready to do what he was able on behalf of the latest of the Crosfleld's who had grown up amongst them. They knew nothing of Mr. Arthur Crosfield which was not good, and so long as he lived and they lived, he would always bear the same character. It was a standing disgrace to Warrington that the Tory party should have reigned so.long. but when they con- sidered the mighty forces at their disposal in the shape of the two great breweries and all the licensed houses of the town, they as Liberals mu3t own that they had a very hard, uphill fight to carry on. But surely Warring- ton had found its senses tst last, and if they did not win the next election they would all want shooting. (Laughter and cheers.) The gathering then dispersed.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL WOMEN'S OUTING.'

A PARTY OF SEVEN HUNDRED AT EGGLESTON FERRY.

The Liberal ladies of Warrington are nothing if not energetic. They raise money when it is required for party purposes by means of bazaars, and they maintain a sturdy Liberal interest all the year round amongst themselves and those Of their friends whose convictions do not already lie with the other side, by means of lectures and meetings of various kinds. Once a twelvemonth they 'have an outing, at which a few representatives of that other species, known sometimes as malignant man, are permitted to act the humble part of visitors whose company is welcome but whose presence is by no means a necessity. The numbers attending this annual social function have gradually increased, but this year the outing assumed abnormal proportions, and no fewer than 700 ladies and a few gentlemen participated. The programme for the day was to start from Bank Quay Station about 11-30, spend a little time in Chester, then gl up the Dee to Eccleston Ferry and visit Eaton Hall gardens. Afterwards sit down to a substantia tea and listen to a little speechifying at the close. To carry out such a delightful programme on so extensive a scale required careful arrangement, and it was in this connection that the mere man played his part to perfection. In Mr. C. Jackson Holmes, Mr. J. Howes, junr., and Mr., F. Plumpton, a trio were found who devoted themselves whole-heartedly to the work, and they had the satisfaction of knowing at the close of the day that they had won the golden opinions of the fair sex for the coinpleteness with which they had arranged everything appertaining to the pic-nic. The scene at the railway station was an animated and unusual one. Never before has such a large com- pany of Warrington ladies entrained for a pic-nic of this kind. The limited accommodation of the railway platform was taxed to the utmost. One portion of the special train which had been engaged, lay in the bay and was afterwards hooked on to the other portion which was drawn along the main line. The ladies, as may readily be imagined, made a picturesque group, There were graceful young women, divinely tall and most divinely fair, clad in creations of the loom and the milliners art which defy adequate description, there were middle-aged women dressed inimore sombre hue, and matrons of still more advanced years, who were not able to enter into the day's merry-making with the zest of former years. Beautifully fine weather favoured the outing, the sun shining brightly from a blue and almost unclouded sky. As the train sped on its journey to ChAter the merry noise of the reap- ing machine was heard in the adjacent fields and the air was filled with the perfume of new- mown hay. Chester was reached about noon and Messrs. Crosfield's band heralded the arrival of this great party of Liberal ladies by striking up a lively tune, and leading the way through Grosvenor park to the boating stage on the river side. All Capner's steam and electric launches had been char- tered for the occasion but they were found insufficient to convey the whole of the passengers at one journey, and consequently some were delayed at the landing stage until the steamers returned. The sail along the winding reaches of the Dee was greatly appreciated.. There was always some charming scene for the pas- sengers to feast their eyes upon—palatial residences , with grounds sloping gently to the Dee side, verdant Ifields with richly wooded slopes,or the boating on the river itself.

Immediately on arrival at Eccleston Ferry, the party was greeted by Mr. Arthur Crosfield and Miss Crosfield. A pleasant stroll through Eaton Park was followed by a visit to the gardens where horticulture was seen to perfection. Tea was served in tents and tea houses on the opposite side of the river by Mr. Partington, and the men in charge of the ferry were kept busily employed in transferring the party from one side of the stream to the other. The whole party was accommodated at one sitting and an excellent knife and fork tea was served in a manner which gave unqualified satis- faction. A few speeches were afterwards delivered and the' homeward jovney was commenced in good time. Warrington vfas safely reached about ten o'clock and the ladies seemed pleasantly surprised to find a great many of the male sex waiting patiently in the Booking Hall and outside the station, ready to accompany them home.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SPEECHES.

The Chairman observed that it always had been a rule at these meetings of the Warrington Women's Liberal Association that a few remarks should be made with reference to the cause that had brought them together. (Hear, hear.) He was one of the oldest frequenters—he was almost ashamed to say it—to these very happy gatherings and he noticed that they kept growing year by year. (Hear, hear.) He was rather inclined to think that the growth in the numbers of their gathering was in some measure an,instance of the growth of Liberalism in Warrington. (Cheers,) They might be allowed to introduce politics slightly and on that occasion they had an opportunity, of asking some of their friends to say a few words. (Hear, hear.) MR. CROSFIELD SPEAKS BRIEFLY AND TO

===== 0002601_19040716_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POINT.

Mr. A. H. Crosfield, who had a hearty reception, said Mr. Pierpoint had alluded to the interference that politics might make with a pleasurable afternoon in the country and partly on account of that delicate hint and partly because they wanted to organise a pleasant trip down the river, he was not going to detain them for more than a moment or two. It was not because there was not plenty to be said, it was not because that the great questions that they as politicians had at heart,did not concern Nomen every bit as much as they concerned men. (Hear, hear.) Whether it was the education of our children or the advantages we had in this country which he had had the opportunity of comparing with the disadvantages in other countries—the advantages of cheap clothing, cheap boots and cheap food—whether it was that question or the question of fair treatment of workingmen and equality before the law as between them and capitalists, or any of the other important questions—there were about half-a-dozen of them before the country at the present Moment—he was sure if they considered them they would feel that they concerned the welfare of householders as much, and therefore affected the happiness and the well-being of the mothers of households and of women as much—or he would say more than—they did the interests of the workpeople and the men in that assembly. (Cheers.) Therefore it was not because the questions did not concern the ladies or because they did not earnestly ask them to give them (the Liberals) a very powerful backing in the considerable amount of work that lay before them, but because of time and because they were mainly assembled for other purposes that afternoon that he did not Venture to detain them longer. Although he had addressed a few meetings in his time, he did not think he had ever heard politics talked under such picturesque surroundings as they had at Eccleston that afternoon. (Hear, hear.) It was very tempting—it was almost enough to make one go on—especially when he had in his ear the murmurs of the Dee, to remind them that they had the flowing tide with them. (Laughter and cheers.) They had been beating up stream for a great many years in Warrington. It bad not always been very encouraging; the skies had been a little bit beclowied at times, but now he was sure Mr. Alderman Pierpoint was perfectiy right when he said that the great numbers in which they were gathered together that day were an indication that at last they were going to wake up, and that they would give a very good account indeed of themselves whenever they were called upon to do so. (Cheers.) A great deal—an incalcul- able amount—depended upon the kind assistance and support which be was sure all present would give them. (Cheers.) He was delighted that before they separated on their homeward journey, they were going to listen to a few words from one of the finest and bravest and most consistent Liberals in the whole of the kingdom—Mr. Howes. (Cheers.) MR. HOWES ANDI THE PRIMROSE LEAGUE. AMUSING REFERENCE.

Mr. Joseph Howes in the course of a brief address said that Liberal organizations all over the country were now doing an enormous amount of work and cer- tainly as reformers they would be neglecting their duty if they did not rally the female forces to the standard of progress and improvement. On the other side they had a magnificently picturesque institution, the Primrose League made up of ladies, aristocratic and otherwise, whose duty at election times was to kiss the babies and inquire after the good men. (Laughter.) The differ- ence between a Women'S Liberal Association and the Primrose League was simply this—that one was political Ind the other was not. It was a pity that that beautiful flower the primrose had been taken as the badge of that institution. A friend of his wrote a few lines which he entitled "The degradation of the Primrose," and they read thus :

Poor little primrose, humble flower, Thine is a mournful story; What evil deed pray bast thou done Thus to be dubbed a Tory? Once thou was't loved for thine own sake By all who might come near thee; But since a noble lord pegged "out, A Liberal dare not wear thee. What is it that I hear thee say? With shyness in each dimple " They nlaim me for a Tory, sir Because lam so simple.'; (Loud laughter.)

===== 0002601_19040716_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PUPIL TEACHERS' CENTRE.

Report of the Education Sub-Committee.

The following report of the Sub-Committee appointed to consider the communication received from the Board of Education with reference to the pupil teachers' centre will be submitted at the Education Committee meeting on Monday next : "As a whole, the letter of the Board may be regarded as favourable, the Board being prepared to recognise the centre under Art. 11. of the pupil teachers' regulations. With respect to the Board's suggestions that the boys should be offered scholarships for admission to the Secondary school, this has already been done by the committee, though only at present as a temporary means, but it is hoped by next year to organise a more thorough system of scholarships. Your committee have already, in their advertisements for pupil teachers, intimated that the pupil teacherships are open to candidates from the Grammar, or any public Secondary or private school. _ .

With reference Co the curriculem, the recommenda- tion of the Inspectors that French and English sub- jects should hold a more prominent place than they do at present is to be carried out. It has been felt that the pupil teachers have been so poorly prepared when commencing their apprenticeships, that the attention of the teachers should be devoted to making them success- ful in the scholarship examination, and in view of the fact that few, if any, had done any French previous to commencing their apprenticeships, it was not thought advisable that they should do so at so late a period. This recommendatiion will be carried out when the pupil teachers have had a course of training in the Secondary school and, in order that this may be done, it is proposed to modify the curriculum of the preparatory pupil teachers with a view to devoting more time to the English and French subjects. With respect to the suggestion of the Inspectors as to the instruction in the art of teaching, the committee have already anticipated this suggestion, and the Inspectors of the Board have been asked to state in which schools they think it desirable pupil teachers should be apprenticed. In considering this matter it was felt, in view of the further requirements of the Board under the regulations for pupil teachers, that the work of the head teachers of the schools in which pupil teachers are apprenticed would be increased, and it is recommended that they be paid an honorarium for this extra work. After the forthcoming scholarship examination, the time table will be arranged in such a manner that pupil teachers will not be required to attend the classes on Saturday mornings.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON.

ENDING JULY 9th, 1904.

During the week, the following births and deaths were registered :—Warrington Registration District births, 42 • deaths, 17. The excess of births over deaths was 25. he birth-rate was equal to 3P9. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 12•9 per 1,000, against 1713 the average of the previous 4 weeks and against 20• 1 the corresponding period of last year. The death-rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 3.8 per 1,000, against 4-0 the average rate of the previous 4 weeks and against 3•0 the correspond- ing period of 1903. The ages of mortality were :- 0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65—up. Total 3 4 1 1 4 4 17

The deaths included 1 from scarlet fever, 3 from whooping cough, 3 from phthisis, 1 from other tuber- cular diseases, 1 from accident, 6 from all other causes.

The following cases of infec' tious disease have been reported during o.e, we: :—Scarlet fever, 24 cases, diphtheria 1 case, erysipelas 2 cases. Total number of patients in hospital, week ending July 9th, 73. METEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 59.Fah., and therefore the same as the preceding week.. The maximum temperature 77 F., was recorded on he 12th inst., and the minimum temperature 44 F., on the Bth inst. _ _

The rainfall measured '2O inch. The general direc- tion was S.W. • _

J. GUEST GORNALL. Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0134.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NO COMPROMISE.

/

===== 0002601_19040716_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
LABOUR PARTY WANT TO FIGHT. Trades Council and the Liberal Overtures.

LIVELY DISCUSSION.

"The proposed Labour candidate has expressed himself favourable to fighting." So reported Mr. Oswald Buckley at the meeting of the Trades and Labour Council on Tuesday evening, and the prospect of a three-cornered contest gave rise to a lively , discussion. Mr. Buckley reported at some ' length upon the proceedings of the local Labour Representation Committee. At the meeting on June 21st, he said, the question of bringing for- ward a Labour candidate in Warrington was raised, but nothing had been definitely settled as yet. He could only state that the proposed candidate had expressed himself favourable to fighting, and that was as far as they had got. The committee were making preparations to hold a demonstration, and the pro- posed candidate would be invited to speak. The committee had decided to increase the executive by two members—Messrs. Podmore and Edward Edwardson. Another very important matter discussed was a letter received from the Liberal Executive asking them to meet a deputation from that body to consider the bringing out of a candidate at the next eleition. A. resolution, which had already appeared in the Press, was drawn up aad carried unanimously, stating their position as clearly as possible—that their rules were against thei?holding any conference ot negotiations of any description with either of the two political parties, that their object was the formation of a united Labour party, and that could not be done by their allying themselves with either of the parties. There were members paying to the committee who beloaged to the other political parties and had voted in the past for the party candidates and that being so it would not be wise for the committee, to take any step which might alienate members from them. Not a single word was "echoed" against the resolution and he was instructed to forward it to the Press and to Councillor Thmion, the Chairman of the Liberal Execu- tive. It was a rather unfortunate and regrettable inci- dent that just as the committee had made such a firm stand for independence, news came of the visit of Messrs. Shackleton and Henderson, M.P.'s, to Daven- port during the bye-election. They found the Liberal Press up and down the country—Wirrington included— congratulating those gentlemen upon their " common sense and broad-mindedness," and making a big shout about the fall of a" bold and bad independency. He could only say that all that sort of thing was very premature. There was no fall of the independency, and neither Messrs. Shackleton, Henderson, nor Crooks needed to be congratulated upon their broad-mindedness. They were broad-minded before. They made a stand in favour of independence and signed the constitution of the Labour Representation Committee, and they had not yet fallen away from it. Seeing that these "grossly erroneous statements ." appeared in the Press, he, as secretary of the committee, took it upon himself to get at the truth of the matter. He wrote to the National Labour Representation Committee Secretary and to the gentlemen concerned, and also to Mr. Hodge whose name was mentioned. He had received some very good replies, and those gentlemen assured him that they did not visit Davenport under Liberal auspices or attend any Liberal meeting. Mr. Henderson had for a long time previous to becoming an M.P., been a strong advocate of the United Kingdom Alliance, and his visit to Devenport was made in order to attend a meeting of that organization. The United Kingdom Alliance was a non-party and non-sectarian body. There was nodoubt that Hr. Henderson would never make any sug- gestion to the electors about supporting the Liberal candidate, bin he might probably have said that they had better give their votes to the man who was firsaes upon the temperance question. He did not think Mr. Henderson would be so unwise as to go any further than that. Mr. Hodge forwarded him a copy of a letter which he wrote to "The Clarion" in which he said "The statement appealing In your issue of the 24th inst. that I am "helping in the formation of a strong Liberal organization to further the candidature of Mr. Winston Churchill is absolutely untrue Whenever I find myself unable to act in harmony with the Labour Representation Committee constitution I shall resign. I will not sail under false colours." At a meeting of the Executive Committee of the National Labour Repre- sentation Committee, it was unanimously resolved That the Executive of the Labour Representation Committee having heard the explanation made by Messrs. Shackleton and Henderson, M.P.'s, as to their appearance in the constituencies of Market Harboro' ancljDevenport at the recent bye-elections; namely,that they did not appear under Liberal auspices nor attend any Liberal meeting, but went solely in the interests of the Labour movement, accepts the same,but in as much as such appearances during bye-elections afford oppor- tunities to the Press to misrepresent and thereby weaken the Labour Representation movement, declares that in future the Executive must decide what action if any should be taken at bye-elections." He (Mr. Buckley) could only add that he was surprised to hear that some of their members should have been so ready to believe the statements in the" Liberal Press as being" gospel truth," as they knew that such state- ments were made purposely to create dissension in the Labour movement. In future he would advise them to get at the real truth of the matter before relying on the statements in the Liberal Press. Councillor STOTT remarked that even if he had had any hesitation in refusing to meet the Liberal Executive previous to the meeting at which the matter was epn- sidered, he could not have had since. He had been repeatedly told by men who had been pleased to call themselves Conservatives, but who were now prepared to support an independent Labour candidate, that if the Labour Representation Corrraittee had thought fit to meet the Liberal Executive, they would have done their best to get their societies to withdraw from their affilia- tion. He thought the course the Labour Representation Committee had taken was the Wisest—(hear, hear)—as they had for some years been trying to wean men from the orthodox parties. If the committee were going to approach either party, he was fully convinced that the movement was doomed. It was only by sticking to the firm stand for independ- ence that their movement was going to be successful. The CHAIRMAN (Mr. J. Podmore, jun.,) entirely endorsed the action of the Labour Representation Com- mittee. As representing a certain trade, he could not possibly be a party to such a meeting. as was suggested. He for one, and he thought all the members of the Labour Representation Committee were determined that they would not prove false to what they had told their various branches—and that was that first and fore- most the committee must always be independent from the two political parties. Mr. SMITH thought it would have been wise for the committee to have met the Liberals. They had a great deal before them to consider in the shape of Mr. Chamberlain's scheme and other important matters, and titere was no doubt that both Liberals and Conservatives were tired of the present Government. He (Mr. Smith), had advocated that meeting for a compromise, and did so in order that there should not be the walk over for Mr.Pierpoint that a three-cornered contest would mean. They could take that statement as they liked, but he was sure'a three-cornered fight would result in a complete walk over, and in pressing it they were simply breaking the brickbone of the Labour Representation Committee in the Warrington district. (The Chairman "OhNo ") Well, that was his opinion. He had listened to every- body else, and now he was stating his views and the opinion of the majority of his trade. (" No, no.") The majority of his trade did not believe in a three-cornered fight because they were tired of the present Govern- ment and knew that such a contest would result in a walk over for the present member.

A VOICE: l'he;s3 may be a surprise packet. (Hear, hear, and." No "from Mr. Smith.) Mr. PODMORE : I believe there are two other dele- gates from Mr. Smith's society, and as he has stated that the majority of his trade are in favour of a com- promise I should like the other delegates to say whether that statement is correct.

_ Mr. EDWARD EDWARDSON (one of the delegates referred to) said he did not think it was correct. The branch had nut had a meeting to take a vote on the question, and from his own experience in one of the largest mills, where two-thirds of the contributions came from, he would say distinctly that the statement was untrue as applied to that section. There were some in favour of the compromise, but Mr. Smith said the majority were, and he disputed that. (Hear, hear and applause.) Mr. SMITH (warmly) said that apart from disputing what tr. Edwardson said they could get the positive at the way the contributions were facts by looking coming in. He knew no vote had been taken of the Igeneral body of the men. but he could say that it had been tried in committee to mskea levy compulsory and it would not wash. He defied Mr. Edwardson or anyone else to say that he was not telling the truth. He was prepared to bring the matter before the society and ; have a vote upon it, and though that was not a place for ' betting, hp would bet anyone half a sovereign that a three-cornered fight proposition would be thrown out. (" No.") Mr. BUCKLEY : I don't think we need go into a dis- cussion. Mr. SMITH: Tam speaking the truth. Mr. BUCKLEY did not believe in holding such pessi- mistic ideas of a three-cornered fight. It would be no such thing as a walk-over. (Hear, hear, and applause.) ' 'There was a surprise packet in Warringten ,for a good I many. Not only that. but the great majority of the • trhdes unionists were in favour of a Labour candidate. They did not want either Mr. Crostleld or Mr. Pierpoint. but a direct-Labour candidate. (Applause). If it did I come to a three-cornered fight he could tell them plainly

! that the Labour Representation Committee was net. afraid. (Hear, hear.) They wanted direct Laboun representation, and that was what they meant to hay He was one of those who believed they could win in a three-cornered fight, and if they were given the proper ' time he thought they would not only surprise Mr. Cros- field and his Liberal friends, but also the Tory candi- date. It had been said that their not coming to a com- promise would cause a split in the Labour party, but . that remained to be seen. (Hear, hear.) Such negotia- tions had taken place in other constituencies besides Warrington, and in not one instance had they proved satisfactory. Theyhad always ended in squabblings and misunderstandings. The Liberal party only asked for negotiations when they thought the Labour party was not strong enough to fight them. Directly they got the opinion that the Labour party was too strong for them, they were anxious to find excuses for standing down. ; Mr. SMITH: I hope they will be. Mr. BUCKLEY : We are going to show the Liberals and Conservatives that we are strong enough to be

independent of them. (Applause.) Mr. PLUMS could not understand what there could be to compromise atout, as the Liberals had already selected their candidate. The conference would be merely to palaver and they would be told that it would be better to throw in their lot and get the Liberal returned.

Another DELEGATE said that apart from anything else he did not see why they should meet the Liberal Executive any more than the Conservatives. (Hear, hear). Their duty was to have nothing to do with either. If they thought there we sufficient working men to support a Labour candidate there was no reason to com- promise, and if they did compromise with the Liberals they would certainly drive away all the ex-Conservatives from the Labour Representation Committee. (Hear, hear.) _ _ _

Mr. Smrnr : It makes me smile, that does. (Laughter.) The CHAIRMAN: And it made me smile to read your remarks at the Liberal meeting.—(Elear, hear, and laughter). When I consider that there are men who are trade unionists and who are proving themselves obsta- cles to their own fellow men, I feel a bit ashamed.

Mr. SMITH (warmly) : I Object. I must call you to ' order.

The CHAIRMAN : You can call me to order. You have expressed your opinion, and I have a right to ex- press mine. Continuing, he said they could all under- stand Mr. Smith's position, as he himself had told them before that he was a Liberal to the backbone ,and he had also told them that he could not convert a Tory on the next bench A.,0 himself. The Labour Representation Committee was aiming to convert both sides of working men to an independent party(Flear,hear).They knew in the past the Liberals had never converted the Tory in future.. of Warrington, and they would not do it n future. The Conservatives would not convert the Liberal workingmen, although they had often succeeded in getting the majority. There were sufficient Labour men in Warrington to return a Labour member, and the object of the Labour Representation Committee was to unite the Labour forces of Warrington into a solid Labour party.

. . The report of the Labour Representation Committee was then adopted, without dissent.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL RAILWAY SERVANTS AND THE L.R.C.

Recent Action Condemned.

At a meeting of the Warrington Branch of the Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants a resolu- tion was passed condemning the action of the War- rington Labour Representation Committee in taking steps to select a Parliamentary Candidate without consulting the affiliated societies and the Society also i decided not to assist n any form the candidature of the nominee of the L.R.C.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
CALL RIGHTS RESERVE!!

SOCIAL SERMNETTES FOR WORKING MEN.

BY JOHN TAYLOR. Author of " Search Lights on Land, Labour and Social Problems." THE EARL OF DERBY'S ESTATES.

"The motto, of the Stanley family is 'Sans changer' or without change, but it is diametrically opposed to the truth, for no family ever trimmed its sails more cleverly with the rising or falling winds, or to greater personal advantage."-_-HowA.RD Ev ANS.

The new Domesciay Book tells us that the Earl of Derby owns 63,869 acres of land, mostly in LAncashire and Cheshire, and that his rent roll, thirty years ago, amounted to £170,320 a year. When you have mastered these figures and grasped their significance, you will want to know how one family managed to acquire all these vast estates, and be able to dominate towns like Liverpool and Preston and Bury, and pocket more than three thousand pounds week as his toll on the plunder. a The Stauleys did not gain their wealth like the Cavendishes by begging monastic lands and trading in confiscated church property, and marrying a long suc- cession of rich heiresses. They did not even claim that their ancestors came over with the Conqueror, and were ennobled before they came. They begin their career as office-seekers, and servants to needy unscrupulous kings, and they developed into titled tax-eaters and profes- sional politicians. For more than one hundred years they were able to change successfully with every change of Government, and to put their money on the right horse and to be always on the winning side. But they came to grief when they backed King Charles 1., for they lost nearly all their. estates and money, and their leader.was beheaded. With the remnant of their fortune they bought some estates in Lancashire that have been as rich and profitable as gold mines. I.—THE FOUNDER OF THE WEALTH OF THE

===== 0002601_19040716_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
FAUILY WAS SIR JOHN STANLEY.

He was a shrewd, long-headed, far-seeing, country- squire, who owned a snaall estate at Newton-in-Maccles- field, in Cheshire, about five hundred years ago. He gained the favour and confidence of King Richard 11., who appointed him to the risky and thankless task of governing Ireland in his name, and the King gave him Castle Blake and some Crown land in that country to uphold the dignity of a king's deputy. In those -days of insurrection and revolution and civil war, the manorial lords had to walk very warily and circum- spectly, for they carried their lives in their hands, and if they took but one false step they stooda good chance of losing their estates and their honours and their heads into the bargain. , Richard 11. fell upon evil times and lost the confidence of his barons, and his rival, Henry of Bolingbroke, claimed his crown. Sir John Stanley was cute enough to read the signs of the times, and forsee what was corning, and though he owed a deep debt of gratitude to his friend and patron, King Richard, he thought he had better" be off with the old love and ;on with the new. So at the right moment, for his own interests, he dropped his allegiance to Richard and made his peace with Henry IV.

~.-ICrov7,-a-C-Cloidin-g to the ethics of the Stanleys this con- duct on the part of a public servant is not treason. . It is not even changing. It is consistency and continuity of service and worldly wisdom and common prudence, but it is a dangerous game after all, and if Richard had triumphed, Sir John Stanley would have been beheaded for his little games...

Henry W. found him a very handy, useful man. He sent him back to Ireland, and made him Lord Lieuten- ant of that distressful country. And when Civil War broke out once more in England he recalled him, and employed him in defeating Earl Percy and the northern nobles. For these services Sir John received the lord- ship of the Isle of 'llan, and 170,000 acres of land tuat had been taken from the rebellious barons.

When he had attained all this wealth -and dignity he prudently married Isabella, the daughter and heiress of Sir Thomas Latimm. This lady brought him gold and land in abundance, and a large manorial house in Liver- pool. With the king's consent he fortified this house and turned it into a castle, and made the name and fame of the Stanleys on the banks of the Mersey. THOMAS STANLEY lI.—HIS GRANDSON, SIR '

===== 0002601_19040716_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
BECAME THP; FIhST EARL OF DERBY.

He was a striking figure in the history'of this family, and he vastly increased its wealth, and fame, and political power. He was Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, and Lord Chamberlain under Henry VI., and like his grandfather he "never changed" but he had a knack of making all his treasons profitable and always appearing on the winning side. During the Wars of the Roses he invariably "held with the hare and ran with the hounds." He was a Lancastrian when that party happened to be in power. He was a Yorkist when that party had any plums or plunder to give away. When things were uncertain and doubtful, he was neutral, and he waited to see which way the cat jumped. He deserted Henry VI. to secure the favour of his rival Edward IV.. and somehow he got each new sovereign to believe in him and trust him. Richard 111. was one of those uni'(!rtunate kings who believed in his loyalty to him and his cause. He gave him a large pension and gralits of farms, and castles, and manors, and lordships, and made him steward of his household. And while he was in the'seryice and the pay of Richard he was secretly betraying his plans to his rival Henry Tudor. At the battle of Bosworth field, when the fate of dynasties hung in the balance, Sir Thomas Stanley and his brother William held their fighting men in reserve, and would not let them fight on either side till they saw who was going to win. When the tide of battle turned against Richard, and they saw his case was hope- less they turned against him too, and when the body of the king was found among the slain they put his crown on Henry's head and swore allegiance to him.

For these acts of treachery and disloyalty to the fallen king Henry created Sir Thomas Stanley, Earl of Derby, and conferred on him nearly all the forfeited estates that were taken from the defeated YorkistS. Baines in his History of Lancashire says, " Thus he acquired the estates of Sir Thomas Broughton,_ sir James Hirrington, Viscount Lovell, Sir Thomas Pilk- inpton, the Bythones, the Pootons, the Kirkbys, and at least twenty gentlemen's estates more." The next striking feature in the history of this family is Edward, the third Earl of Derby, who lived during the stormy times of the Reformation, and whu managed to keep his offices and pay all the time. Henry VIII. employed him to tight against the Catholics at the "Pilgrimage of Grace." Edward Vi. made him a commissioner for the advancement of the;, Reformation. Queen Mary made him Lord High Stennra of England, and employed him in sending Protestants to be burned at the stake. Queen Elizabeth chose lila for one of her Privy Councillors, and then he hunted the Catholics to death. He veered and changed like weather cock with every fresh political breeze that, came, and he made a pile of money out of them all, and yet he proudly boasted that he had never changed at all.

But there came an end to these land-grabbing, moseY,_ making, time-serving games. The men who grow rin. by other men's losses must expect to have losses 01 their own some day. 111. JAMES THE SEVENTH EARL OF DERBY-

===== 0002601_19040716_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
BROKE THE LUCK OF THE FAMILY.

He staked everything on the wrong horse, and lost and he brought ruin to himself, and terrible disasters to• his family. He lived in the days of Charles I, and. Cromwell, and when the Civil War broke out he was re- garded as an adherent of the Puritan party. But her afterwards joined the Royalists, and fought for them at the battle of Worcester. He also joined Prince Rupert in the attack on Bolton, in Lancashire, where a whole sale massacre took place, for which he, rightlY or wrongly, got the blame. He was arrested by the Parlia- mentarians, and tried on a charge of high treason snd he was beheaded in Bolton Market-place, October ,15th, 1652. ' This was the turning point in the history of the - family. The earl was dead, Lathom House was des; troyed, and Knowsley was little better than a heap er- ruins. The vast estates the Stanleys had acquired Nce,rie nearly all mortgaged, or sold, or confiscated to opholu the cause of Charles I. That Civil War was the 111 disastrous thing that ever came to the Darby family,an it nearly involved them in the loss of all things. After the Restoration, an attempt was made to get back the confiscated estates, and a Bill for their redenlP- tion was actually passed by both Houses of Parliament unanimously. But it was rejected, because Charles , IL would not approve of it, and he was universally blame because of the base ingratitude he had shown to the people who had sacrificed everything to save his o°l father. Then came another turn of fortune's wheel in the great industrial awakening in Lancashire. The StanleYs' atill possessed scattered estates in the ,county, but thei yielded little revenue to support an earldom till the' great boom in the cotton manufacture came. The steel° engine, and the spinning-jenny, and the power 1001 were invented, and factories were built all over Son/ Lancashire. Land went up in valle enormously, an ed the Stanleys reaped a rich har%%-3.,t. from this unearn increment. One of the best bargains ever made by mortal MO was the purchase of Moore's estate. 1710, by James, the, tenth Earl of Derby. It consisted of thousands of sel„ of freehold land in thirteen townships, but chieflY Bank Hall, Bootle, Kirkdale, and Liverpool, and the purchase money was only twelve thousand pounds. , „s If that land had to be bought now from the StaoLeY it would cost as many golden sovereigns as it cost bresst farthings then, and some of it could not be bought any price. In those days Liverpool was only a big fle.ts, ing village of about six thousand inhabitants, and, Le [rateable value was about 0£25,000. Most of ,the lanv bought consisted of sandhills and marshes and rabbit; warrens, and I have no doubt snme of his friends thong him a big fool for buying it at all. ted But Liverpool grew into a mightyseaport, and won- docks, and quays, and warehouses,and workmen's dWe" ings, and all these things wanted land to put them 011' so the Stanleys were able to charge what price theY pleased, as they had a monopoly of the available siteS- When Bootle Dock was made, Lord Stanley sold 5 portion of Moore's estate, consisting of 270,000 squares. yards of land. for 00,000, or nearly eight times e.s much as the whole estate cost at first. The joke of, e transaction was that nearly the whole of the land he sold for that dock was reclaimed from the sea at the expense of the Bootle ratepayers. S'xty years ago the ratepayers of Kirkdale %Vented strip of laid from the same estate on the river froatsg; and they gave Lord Derby .£17,500 for a narrow Piee 1,000 yards in length. The stem of short leases, with heavy fines renewals, has enormously increased the wealth of 02.7 Stanleys during the last fifty years, and when the Pry_ sent leases have to be renewed a great deal morf plunder will fall into their hands. Their land has bet° made valuable by the outlay and enterprise of the 005 mnnity, and they reap every penny of the unearA increment. When I hear toeople talking about what tine things tilt. Stanleys have done for Lancashire I invariably ask vithli Lancashire has done for the Stanleys? It has belpe_ them to recover from the disasters of the Civil Ws': and it has given them a goose that seems likely to gv on laying its golden eggs for ever.

PADGATE. nun. treat THE COTTAGE HOMES PADGATE.—The I lc to the whole of the boys from the above Homes too place on Saturday last in beautiful weather, on the. ground of the Engineers' Cricket Club, Battersby-lane., The boys came by the 2 o'clock train from Padgate arrived on the field at 2.20 when after divesting them- selves of all superflous clothing and refreshed svitft lemonade and oranges they commenced in earnest tt: compete in tugs of war, flat racing, 3 legged races, ape boot sorting competitions. At 5 o'clock all the boy? sat in picnic style on the grass, and were refreshed svit'' moat and fruit pies, eccles cakes and ginger beer. After the refreshments had been cleared away Mr. Wright' superintendent, said he had a pleasing duty to perforel viz. to ask the boys to vote for the most popularbol in school, he to receive a watch and chain; the rest being that G. Stanway obtained 78 votes out of Miss H. Hill kindly consented to present the prizes ti the absence of Mrs. William Jenks through illness) , gave each boy a few encouraging words, especial; G. Stanlray when receiving the watch and chain. boy received a rousing cheer from the spectators, alee;ci with tha boys from the Homes. The boys left the 11'd at 7.15 to proceed to thestation for home, being 10eueD with presents for themselves and for the girls left 3t home. The whole of thearrangements were carried Ow 'by Messrs. W. Hill, Thomas Smith and W. Irvine ebji.,' assisted by the Club's Committee. rile Engineers Cle-Ir desires to thank all who have assisted them in anY scLl' to provide this annual treat •

Stockton Heath. • PASSIVE RESISTERS AT STOCKTON HEATR.—ArrATIV ments are being made to hold a public meeting Victoria-square, Stockton Heath, on Monday, irltueli. ately!tfter the sale of the seized goods. The Revs. - Dunntco and J. S. Hughes, Mr. Law and other gen"- men are expected to address the meeting. TELE GARDEN SOCTETY.—On Tuesday eVening,tha--, it to the courtesy of Sir Gilbert Greenlll, Bart., a. ""„sti was paid to his gardens at Walton Hall. The pa' b which would number about 60 were escorted throgi the conservatories and.around the gardens by Mr.tit,; hart the head gardener. There was a particularly show of roses, most of the varieties being in ,stinse excellent condition as to evoke admiration from t'll'os who inspected them. The conservatories and garno are altogether in such order that they are a credit those who have the care and management of them.

===== 0002601_19040716_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT HOMING

SOCIETY.

The members of the above-named Society flew +heirlA Nth old birds' race from Nantes on Monday. JulY.;4.; o' inst., 21 members sending a total of 99 birds, 11,'"dor which were entered in the West Lancashire Satur 0, Federation Open Race. The result, subje3t to corr tion, is : Name. Velocity. H. J. Longton 930 A. Wright 625 W. Gallop 665 H. J. Longton 656 F. Bloor 687:, Houghton and Llewellyn s3‘ Litherland and Harper F. Bloor sl'2' , J. Hill so'2 E. Burrows 5Ol Miller Bros. 485

E. Walker and Sous - H. Craven 474 449 E. Walker and Sons 420 E. Walker and Sons 402 Boyle and Barlow 395 W. Paice W. Lamb disqualified for wiring wrong number'

In Memoriam. -Moving memory of Thomas Charles (Tomm,- Antv dearly beloved son of Lewis George and Sara' 1 `i Adams who died July Bth, 1900.

_ Though parted by the hand of death In Christ united still, We'll meet again at the Golden gate, For Jesus said we will. As long as life and mqmory last

We-will remember thee. Mother, Brother anc_222f"________, Warrington.—Printed and Published bv JOHN SG Co., at The Examiner General Printing "".."00 Bew,w-street, and published by them at the -01, place,and also at The Examiner la ffiCes,ViCtOria.:llret. WIDNES; 32, George-street, Sr.HELENS; 31 1"-rrtror street, EARLESTOWN; Church—sireet RETScoRII, u 16TH 1904.

Nll SP

the

1; 1,) I r,

1•15, N 1 tn.

, krr,°? Pt)

a t.,

k,pb ‘lll 44,

* (4'4

===== 0002601_19040716_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
tEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JULY 17th. At 10-30. Rev. R. WILKINS RBBS. ' At 6-30. Rev. W. C. J. NBVILLB. All welcome Hymn Books provided.

I'l ST n111:1 RC 11. GOL ORN E-STRE E 7 , WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). JULY 17th. REV. HBRBBRT DUNNICO. Morning. 10.45. Evening. 6.30. SUETEcT Why I appeared before the Magistrates? All seats free. Hymn Books provided.

KPIRITUA LIST BALL, SANKEY STREET-TO- AT 2.30 AND 6.30. Monday at 8, MRS. a TRANCE and CLAIRVOYANT. Next Saturday, Meeting of the South West Lancashire District 14 1. Public Tes st 6, Public Meeting at 7.15. All vited.

MACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD:Imm well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly, adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, • with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 208. GOLD INLAY 40S. MACDON ALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WINLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDATB.I to 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH:ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY: 9 A.M. TO! 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILTI9 A.M. TO p P.M.

LABT ANNIVERSARY IN WARRINGTON OF THH 4,,,CLERGY WIDOWS AND 'ORPHANS' SOCIETY '4+ CLERGY DAUGHTERS' SCHqOL. WEDNESDAY, JULY 27Ts. 1904. CIIIIDER THE PATRONAGE OF THE LORD BISHOPS OF SUE. MANCHESTER AND LIVERPOOL. lIDBI7B. .CRIBERS' MEE TING at CLERGY DAUGHTERS' tei,2oL at 11 under the PRESIDENCY OF REGINALD k 'nELL, ESQUIRE, ,vfv„ ere, SERVICE in the PARISH CHURCH at 12. Cher, Rev. H. B. Blogg, M.A.. Vicar of Frodsham.- 4110 Act -.OHBON AT THE TRAINING COLLEGE at 1. ssion 3s. 4°,.,N0R11T AND PRIZE GIVING at CLERGY uGIITERS' SCHOOL at 3.

T a It E ! FIRE!! F I R El!! NATIONAL MRS BRIGADES UNION', NORTH-WBSTBRN DISTRICT. THE ANNUAL TOURNAMENT WILL BE HELD ON THE /0, WARRINGTON FOOTBALL GROUND, -0 (SATURDAY) JULY 16TLAT Two O'CLOCK PROMPT. A.DMISSION, 3d., 6d., AND le.

ellY OF BRADFORD FXHIBITION.—EndIess Variety of Interesting Features. Dem Irms laths Naval Spectacle (Russo-Japanese War), Somal_ paae. All the Famous Military Bands. Crystal Maze of Illusions, Baby Incubator. Illuminated with oonnt WstsFsiry Lamps, and Electric Arc Lamps, Fireworks. Chute, Ao. All A ii.; after 6 o'clock, 6d.; Children 6d, Saturday, ror special faailities inquire at Tourist offices.

JSRPa CROSFIELD & SONS, LIMITED.— , Th. '.„IVR PER CENT. PRBFRRENCE SHARRS. tkis IRANSFER BOOKS of this Company relative to Illit,,nue WILL BB CLOSBD from the 16th to the 31st duly slicir (both days Inclusive) for the purpose of preparing isuing dividend warrants, due August let. thtt,, J. R. WARDLB, Secretary. W rington, 15th July. 1904. tbArt,„R'S BANK TA Nirr RID —NOTICE HEREBY e kiIIVEN. that an EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL Peen,,f,lNG of this Company will be held at the Bank Winwick st.. Warrington, on Thursday, the 28th itte 4tlU4, at Twelve o'clock noon. for the purpose of declar- lii to be payable on the 4th August, and conduct- or Ordinary Business of the Company. The Transfer orill be closed from Wednesday 20th July, to Thurs- 4'Uth July, both days inclusive. By order, R. W. WHALLEY. General Manager. l6l3.artholomew Lane, London, B.C. aut.', 1904.

WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. . GOLD AND bILVER WATCHES. DIAMOND AND OTHER RINGS, CHAINS, BROOCHES, PINS, STUDS. LINKS, and all other Articles of Jewellery practically GIVEN AWAY At the Prices Marked in the Window. Call and see for yourselves before going elsewhere. --- SPECIAL OFFER.-22ct. Gold Wedding Rings sold by weight. All shapes and sizes at 6/9 PER PRIVATE ;VIM AVOOZ.ORE ? 6/9 A Large Stock of Clocks, Bronzes, Forks. and Spoons. Cutlery. Ac. by beat makere.tat giving-away prices. M. RUBENS, JEWELLER, 840 4, MANCHESTER STREET, LIVERPOOL. -- NOTS.-MONEY Advanced on an kinds of Valuables Lowest Rates of Interest.

~‘ ---- VIR,SHIRE LINES LIVERPOOL SUMMER NOILCES.—On WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY and 'llet.Alr. JULY 20th, 21st and 22nd, 1904. CHEAP it 4 -wrii WILL BE ISSUED TO AINTREE, ADJOINING THE ,011B8E, is under : Stations. Times of starting eaoh day. [hoc, an. p.m. I'''e t Pclrt (T.D.) dep. Npri% TlTnnerley /tick Iltton (Central) t," (Central) , ee PO arr. r tares, return times and full pcirtioulars see bills. Lh, JAMFai PINION, Manager. •-.....!*Dri0l Contra! Station, July 1904.

, lELI BENNETT, of 20, ORCHARD-STREET, . WARRINGTON, WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE for ANY DEBTS unless personally contracted after this date, July 9th, 1904. — PRIP TO PARIS AUOUST 6TH, 5 DAYS £4 lOs ; 1 Hotel and Drives Included. August 12th, Scotland.— Particulars from MR. FELIX MILLS, 163, Lee Street, Oldham. Stamp. ----

BBLACKNIAIL, SLAN VER, LIBEL OR DIVORCE American Systern.—ALLEN GAUNT BOWIIN & CO., 21, Dickinson et., Manchester.

f krulTry t3OROUGH OF WARRING-TON. Ta BDUCATION COMMITTER. OUNICAL INSTITUTE— G HVRNIN CLIMBS. ,1111011,e_HRRS OP THB FOLLOWING SUBJEICTS ARE LtIRD for the Session 1904-5 by the 'above named ItmLx!itte,e. viz. --Bookkeeping. Commercial Arithmetic 14,07:11e Construction and Applied Mechanics, Steam and be to,. Forms of application and furtber particulars can "talned frem 11l I. MOORE MURRAY. Sec,etary and Director. On Office, Warrinuton, 16th July, 1904,

_HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. OOVERLETTII I TAILS OF ) nom HAIR FRAMES, PURR 5/6 FROM 3/6 EACH. HAUL T S BROWN, 3, LIME ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

cZTOCK-TAKINGI SALK.--COSTUMS STANDS U J from ss. 6d. each. Tailors' CLOTH BLOCKS from 10s. 10d. doz, STOOK BOXES from 10s. doz. BRASS SHOP WINDOW FITTINGS at manufacturers prlces.—T. YAM, 20, BROWNLOW HILL, LIVRRPOOL.

r, OUNTY BOROD3FI OF WARRINOTON.— Tbe TO JOINERS AND CABINET MAKERS. Nti,,..lllldlng and Sites Committee of the Education Com- ilitt„,7l of the Council of the Borough of Warrington is 1147,„reci to receive TENDERS for TWO WOOD FOLDING I‘lo4winifs, specifications, etc.. may be seen, and all furl her Itglation obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor, 144 Ihn, on and after Monday next. the 18th July, at Piece tenders must be delivered on or before 12 o'clock ureday, the 21st day of July. e lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. „ THOMAS LONGDIN, Borough Engineer and Surveyor. Engineer and Surveyors' Office, July 15th, 1914.

BOYS YOU WANT BOOTS I'm offering Sixty I WANT TRADE Styles in Box Calf and Glace KlO at 84.6 d. a LET'S GET TOGETUER time- ARTHUR EVANS. PoSTAL 155. ALDBRSGA.TIs St, LONDON. DEPLRTMENTS 1 5, LONDON ROAD. LIVBRPOOL.

PUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINOTON.-TO CONTRACTORS AND PLUMBERS. Parr Hall Committee of the Connell of the Borough of ,ngtort is prepared to receive TENDERS for CLOSETS u b.,RINALS proposed to be erected at the Parr Hall. ts4wings. specifications, &c., may be seen, and forms of obt'!l', bills ot7 quantities, and all further information oilklnt,d at the office of the Borough Surveyor. Town Hall. tsnohnd after Thursday neat, the 21st July, Flt, which place ers must be delivered on or before 12 o'clock on &dun the 30th day of July. 'ne lowest or any tenders not necessarily accepted. THOMAS LONGDIN, 110rou Borough Engineer and Surveyor. Pngineer and Surveyor s Office July 15th. 1904.

MUNICIPAL BYE-ELECTION. TO THE ELEUTORS OF HOWLEY WARD. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. At the request of a large Durntner of ratepayers, I have consented to allow myself to be nominated as an iride- Pendent candidate at the bye-election in this ward. I have always been of opinion that it was a mistake to let politics interfere with municipal affairs. and I welcomed the advent of the Non-trading Association, if only to kill the compact between the political parties. If they have done so they deserve the thanks of the town, irrespective Of our opinions concerning their eneral policy, but personally,l think that they have justified their existence. They have scotched some ridiculous schemes, they have exposed serious irregularities in connection with a slack contract, and in many ways have enabled us to know more of the inner workings of the Town Council than formerly. As a large Ratepayer I have watched with iuterest the members of the Town Council embark upon the various costly public undertakings these last few years, and I consider that they have been guilty of lavish ex- penditure. The erection of new Police Buildings at a cost of abilut £3U,000 was a scandalous waste of public money, and if properly applied that sum was sufficient for that purpose and also the widening of IVarrington Bridge. The continued high rates and their probable increase is a serious matter to all concerned. They are detri- mental to the best interests of the town, a tax upon its trade and prosperity, and a cutting down of estimates as was recently done in Manchester would perhaps solve the question. lam ;not an advocate of false economy because I believe in efficiency, bu& when the rates are increasing by leaps and bounds it is time to economise some way. I am strongly opposed to increasing of salaries of already well paid officials of the Corporation by the ridiculous figure of £5O or £lOO at a time as was done recently, and respectfully suggest if any It creases are necessary that for a change the Council should commence at the other end of the social ladder. They have workman in their employ who are not over nivel. Some perform thankless duties for what is practically a bare living wage. I be- lieve in, and shall always support the payment of the standard rata of wages, both to workmen in the employ of the Corporation and also on contracts given by them. I am a strong supporter of the principle of Non-Trading. How can you expect purity or efficiency in municipal life if you allow members of the Council to use their positions in any way to gratify their personal gains The highest experts on municipal law have condemned the system. It is immoral ann leads to corruption and it should be declared illegal. In conclusion if you honouT me with yoer confidence, I shall do my utmost for the ward of which I am a resi- dent. I would always oppose extravagance and am confident that you would never reget electing me to the honourable position as one of the representatives of Howley Ward in the Town Council. I am, Ladies an: Gentlemen. Your obedient servant. THOS. CHANTLER, 92, Mersey Street; Warring ton.

OONTRACTS.—TH% COMMITTFY, of w. the MENTAL INSTITUTE at ORFORD BARRACKS, RSGI- RitiNciToN, are prepared to receive tenders for the ,l)Alv of BEER, MINERAL WATERS, OTIOGIERIES, VRORTABT R,, AREAD, CONFECTIONERY, &r., &c.,CIGARS. TOBACCO &c., FISH AND SUNDRIES, 15; It period of six months commencing the let August, 44. Information as to conditions, of contract, quantities may be obtained on applictL,p t4l the President. th'l3Plication for the 4pecial tender form may be made to ,r4t!resident, Re2imental Institutes e committee do not bind themselves to accept the lowest 'lll3, tender, W. B. B. TYLEP. Major, I 1 President Regimental Institute. \2_-1 6th, 1904. Warrington.

LIVRRPOOL AND NORTh WALES. REGULAR DAILY SAILINGS (Srindays included). Palatial saloon steamer" La Marguerite" or other steamer 1p.45 leaving Prince's Landing Stage daily, a.m. for Llandudno, Beaumaris, Bangor and Menai Red ' Re.allowin.v four hours ashore at Llandudno, and due 'aek about 7 30 p.m. 11,15 EXTRA &LIMNOS. 'all every Saturdsy by St. Tudno to Llandudno due ?,a0 ',lick 8 p.m. 13'rn, Fridays (commencing 22nd) Saturdays, and %davit for Llandudno, Beaumaris, Bangor, and 4.15,4'nal Bridge, Afternoon Excursions for Llandudno. lq,lrn• Sundays by "Snowdon," for Llandudno and tt,nat Straits with Afternoon Excursion Bookings TI • Tkludno and hack. "P of 'lead A nglesf.y Tripe by Tudno Sunday 17th at 9.15 a.m. waV 19th at 9.30 R.M. "k Ends at North Wales. Hotel and Boat 21s. B"Rh Booking by Cheshire Lines leaving Warrington k 3 on week days and 9.45 am. on Sundays. Also '4l 3.1 v. Railway at 8-25 a.m. on week days and 8-35 -T) Sundays all • si)')rth further information, anply to the Liverpool and .0b "ales Steamship Cornpany,Ltd. T. G. Brew,Seeretary, we 4PRI at., Liverpool. Guide 3d. post free. Rls at North Wales, Hotel and Boat, from 21s. t4\•i n "LaNDS' SAILINGS TU GREENOCK "Pitt AND GLASGOW. lON •• -170E,S LOUISE " OTHER STEAMER. ''IVRRPOOL From GLASGOW k Do, th dui Berths No. 21-28. North Side vr,z 3' 16th 1 p.m. Tues. July 19th 2 p.m. *6.45 p.m. Ply 21st 5.30 p.m. Sat. July 23rd 2 p.m. *6.45 p.m. -I`r 1413' 26th 10 p.m. Thurs. July 28th 2 p.m. *5.25 p.m. VP.l4ll4k.fr°m Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). , reduced through tickets from Warrington. 11 \girl,: etc, !sttlh.,'AltY FAREN FROM LIVRRPOOT. :—Cabin, Single, Ils. ; I.ll,gelvalid for two nr-mths),l6s. 6d. Steerage,Single, 5s 61. '". ; c,,kt RETURN TICKETS.—(valid for 13 days). Cabin "'rage Bs. 3d. 1114, 0, M. LANGIANDS AND SONS, 4 OSS STREET, MANCHESTER. "uMFORD PLACE. LIVERPOOL. AL A ro CANADA, UNITED STATES. RIVER PLATE, AID INDIA.. CTlit SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. flyline under Government contract for the ki7 -rice of Can ad lan Malls). hub Au klr)t/f)8 Quebecland Montreal July 21 ~AYREAN...St. Johns Hatifaxiand Phil July 23 'Aitt MEAN Monte Video, & Bucuos Ayres July 2`, &t4I Quebec and Montreal .tf3lQ hkAR .... St. John's N.Y., and Halifax... July 30 kahill,i4 RATES—To Canada, Saloon from £l4. Secondly Third Class £3 Quebec, £4 Halifax. To India, ts) ()r fun"d £2710.. Particulars apply to ALLAN'S. 103,Lea,3/43nball Street and 19. James-street. Liverpoot

FIRST GRADE PREMIER CYCLES AT 12 GUINEAS ARE THE WORLD'S BEST VALUE. J. S. GARLAND INVITES INSPECTION AT THE SHOWROOMS, 51, 53. & 55, BRIDGE STREET. WARRINGTON. SEVERAL LADIES' AND GENTS SECOND-HAND CYCLES FROM bOs. EACH.

B. VIT ADSWORTH, BOLB AGBNT FOR .THE WORLD-FAMED PIANOS OF JOHN BROADWOOD & SONS. ADDRESS: 59, SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON

5111dMER HOLIDAYS. AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHERS SHOULD PAY I VISIT TO THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT. LARGEST SIOCK OF NEW AND SECOND-HAND CAMERAS AND SCIENTIFIC INSTRUMENTS ETC.. IN MANCHESTER. SECOND-HAND LIST NOW READY POST FREE. THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71. OXFORD ROAD (NEAR ALL SAINTS) MANCHESTER.

4 6 IVIAGBEL" RAZORS ARE TEE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE as., 48. :6D., AND 53.; 6D. J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE,gLIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

GEDDESB DANDELION COFFER The beet and cheapest ever offered tc* the Publl3. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, ganlstes 5d.. 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GBDDES AND SON. LTD WaRRINGTOB RSTABLISHBD 18.33.

S. FERNLEY. LTD., 71, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINUTON. WATCHES. CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

IL CLAMP & SON, PORTMANTEAU, BIG. AND TRUNK MANUFAOTURERS. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS . from 245. oa. to 50s. GLADSTONE BAGS (Real Cow Hide) from 16s. Od. to 705. BRIEF BAGS from 55. 6d, WATERPROOF HOLD-ALLS from 12s. 6d. to 305. Buy direct from the makers and save 25 per cent. 37, 39, 41, DALE STREET, AND 12, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

A. AND J. NFLAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMaTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD &ND STLVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Actof Parliarnen Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes. China. Marble Clocks, Pictures, &., &0., always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BA.IIcIAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY. LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, Ste— &c We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES RI POST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings ot all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Low • _ Aces in Li vernool for Gold Chains. Carefully Selectee Stock of GOLD BROOCHES BRACELETS, &c. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. Al 'LAIN E'S R ICHMOND MEET. LIVERPOOL.

SELF CURE PIO FICTION MARVEL UPON Y.: ARVEL ! NO SUFFERER NEED NOW DESPAIR,but without running a doctor's bill or falling into the deep ditch of quackery,may safely,,peedily and economic- ally cure himself without the knowleige of a second party.By the introduction of the New French Remedy THERAPION, a complete revolution has been wrought in this department of medical science, whilst thousands have been restored to health and happiness who for years previously had beeu merely Oragging out a miserable existence. THERAPION NO. 1, in a remarkably short time, often a few days only, removes all discharges from the urinary organs, effectually superseding injections, the use of which does irreparable harm by laying the foundation of stricture and other serious diseases. lIHRRAPION No. 2. for Impurity of the blood, scurvy, 1 pimples. spots, blotches. pains and swellings of the joints, secondary symptoms, gout, rheumatism, and all diseases for which it has been too much a fashion to employ I mercury. sarsfq,arilla Fa., to the destruction of the sufferer's teeth and ruin of health. This preparation purifies the whole system through the blood, and thoroughly eliminates all poisonous matter from the body. rr HERAPION No. 3, for nervous exhaustion, dissipation, sleeplessness, and excess, residence in hot unhealthy climates, &o. It possesses smrprising power in restoring health and strength to the debilithted. ItifißliAPlON may be procured at 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. per 1_ package, post free to any address in the United King- dom by sending Postal Order to Mr. R. JOHNSON, 43, Holford I Square' London, W.C. If doubtful as to No. of Therapion , required send stamped addressed envelope for free pamphlet. Purchasers should observe that the word " THEraPtort appears on the Government Stamp (in white letters on a red ground), affixed to every genuine package by order of His Majesty's Hon, Commissioners, and without which it is a forgery.

LEGLI HOUB6 zTUDIO, WARRINGTON. MR. 13 IR TL ES BEGS TO THANK HIS NUMEROUS PATRONS FOR THE KIND SUPPORT RECEIVED DURING A PERIOD OF NEARLY THIRTY YEARS IN BUSINESS. AND BEGS TO INFORM THEM tTBAT HE HAS BUILT AND OPENED A NEW STUDIO AT LEGH HOUSE, WHICH WILL BE FOUND EQUAL TO ANY PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO IN THE KINGDOM FOR HIGH-CLASS PHOTOGRAPHY. APPOINTMENTS WILL OBLIGE.

"AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES." J. AND W.BUTTON 16, is, & 20, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON, ARE NOW OFFERING DURING THEIR SUMMER SALE THFOR 2NTIRTI; STOCK AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. A TIME OF REAL SUBSTANTIAL BARGAINS."

GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO., LTD. BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL. REMNANT SALE MONDAY N EXT, THE 18TH INST. AND FOLLOV ING DAYS. REMNANTS AND REMAINDER LOrli FROM SEASON AND SALE IN ALL DEPARTMEN rs AT GREAT REDUCTIONS IN PRICE. LEE & CO., LTD., LIVERPOOL NOTE.—.ROYAL VISIT. THIS ESTABLISHMENT WILL BEICLOSED ON TUESDAY NEXT, THE 19Tli INST.

J. M. GREENHALGH & CO., ARE NOW SHOWING.A CHOICE SELECTION OF UP-TO-DATE BED-ROOM FURNITURE, !RANGING IN PRICE FROM £l2 AND UPWARDS. ALSO SMART AND UP-TO-DATE LINES IN • ALL 'BRASS & BRASS & IRON BEDSTEADS ..kTaPRICES RANGING FROM 14s. 6D. AND UPWARDS. 138 & 140, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON,

EDWIIN PRYOR, AND SON. 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SI LVERSMITHS, AND IJIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER W,VICHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY OP EVERT DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old clold and Sliver Antiques, Diamouth etc., bought or taken in exchange. Morley advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, Aci., to any amount at low rates ot interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by poet, will receive Prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

ESTABLISHED 1638. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERI-Cor,, FRAMs MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, sultable!for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, Ic. Terms Moderate. A FINE OOLLNOTION OF PHOrOGIIAPHS for Orystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Gallerier.,

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGL STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOE IMMENSE dVARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

THIS IS AN AGE OF SMARTNESS, THE EFFORT OF THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT IS TO PRODUCE SOMETHING SMART IN CLOTHING FOR ALL CLASSES. THEY RESPECTFULLY SUBMIT IT TO YOUR JUDGMENT. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT. 8 & io, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

_r_ W. nODGKINSON LIMITED. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE. OWING TO UNFORESEEN DIFFICULTIES AND DELAYS INCIDENTAL TO THE CARRY- ING OUT OF SUCH A LARGE UNDERTAK- ING, WE COULD NOT OCCUPY OUR MAIN BLOCK OF NEW PREMISES IN THE SPRING OF THIS YEAR AS WE CONFIDENTLY EXPECTED, AND FOR WHICH WE HAD MADE EXTENSIVE PURCHASES; CON- SEQUENTLY THE STOCK TO BE OFFERED AT THIS SALE IS MUCH LARGER THAN USUAL AND IN PERFECT CONDITION. THOUSANDS OF YARDS OF HIGH CLASS DRESS MAI ERIALS, SILKS, MUSLINS, PRINTS, Ac., AT SUB- STANNAL REDUCTIOoIS. A TREMENDOUS STOCK OF HOUSEHOLD LINEN,SHHETS, QUILTS, .tc„ TO BE `2LEARED. An Exclusire Stock of MARABOUT STOLES, RUFFLES LACE GOODS,TRIMMINGS, GLOVES, Itc„ AT CLEARANCE PRICES. SEVERAL HUNDREDS OF SLIPS, BLOUSES, SHIRTS, TO BE CLEARED GREAT BARGAIr.S. ENTIRE MILLINERY STOCK AT HALF-PRICE. FLANNEL COSTUMES, LINEN COATS AND SKIRTS AT CLEARANCE PRICES. FLANNEL COSTUMES 255. to Clear. A MAGNIFICENT STOCK OF FURNISHING GOODS, OILCLOTH. LINOLEUM, CARPETS, ALL AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. BEDROOM, DINING ROOM. AND DRAWING ROOM FURNITURE TO BE CLEARED. GREAT BARGAINS. W. HODGKINSON, LTD., 34, 44, 46, & 48, BRIDGE ST., WARRINitTON.

T. CLARKE, "EXAMINER" OFFICE, EARLESTOWN, Has always in stock a GOOD A ,SOR3MENT of FANCY GOODS, ALBUMS (Photo and postcard) also PURSES .te., nd Stationery in general. Agent for the Wesleyan and General Assurance Society. NOTE TUE ADDRIF.SB, 33. MARKET STREET. EABLESTOWN. 55frQ

REVBRSIONS.—AII classes of Reversions bought; quick completions ; loans arranged at low rates.—blortgage secHrities wanted at 3i to 4i per cent. Business Transfer Agency.—T. SMITH W ORSLEI , 26 Cooper street, Manchester.

UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED Established 1838. Registered Capital, £lOO,OOO. HEAD OFFICE 38, RkNsttaw-srnEET, LIVERPOOL. Advances made from £5 to £5,000 upon personal security. Deeds, Shares, Policies,Reversions. Annuities. &c. £lO Repayable ss. weekly. Entire interest...2o 14s. 9tl. 2.50 „ 20s. „ 99 £3 8. Od. £lOO „ 40s. „ 99 £5 15s. (Id. Other sums proportionately. Bills discounted. Also ad- vances for fixed periods. SHARES bought and sold for enstomers—Further particulars on application, personally or by letter. Tel. 2438 Royal (Liverpool). RICHARD DAVIES, Manager.

A'ANCES £3 TO £5OO.—DuN'T PAY FEti. As those Offices who ask for fees,will only pooket your fee and refuse the advance. NO FEES OF ANY KIND CHARGED. NO JURKTIES REQUIRED. NO RESPEC T- ABLE APPLICATION refused. NO FINES IF UNABLE to pay for a few weeks through illness or being out of work. HONEST and STRAIGHFORWARD dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to Suit applicants. Apply and be convinled to the—Manager, J. CALVERT, CLAUGH'UONWHAMBRES,I. CLAUGHTON (STERET opposite Dr. Knowles) ST. HRLRN.S.

LOANS GRANTBD DAILY, ANY DISTANCE, FROM £5 T 0 £l,OOO Fon ANY IMMEDLLTE WANT, BUSINESS OR PRIVATE, also for purchasing or starting new business, on simple promissory note. No fines. All applications immediately attended to. Apply in confid- ence, personally or by letter, to THE STANDARD LOAN 00., 4, PARKER STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL TERMS TO FARMERS. HEAD OFFICE: 9. CORPORATION ST., MAN CHEMIIIR

NO PRELIMINARY FENS CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY Is LARGE OR SMALL SUMS (NOT LESS THAN £10), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the last 2) years the total amount lent by the undersigned EXCEEDED X 1,250,000! He has received hundreds of unsolicited letters of thanks, and has annually, for the past eight years, issued selec- tions from these in pamphlets, of which more than 300,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses. terms for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied free of charge, on application, either personally or by letter, to : GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, M ANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870. JIIONEY LENT PRIVATELY. £5 TO :tl,OOO. TO FARMERS, TRAD il`qY l4i, PROFESSIONAL GENTLE- MEN, HOTEL AND LODGING-HOUSE KEEPERS, and to all Responsible Householderi Worthy of Credit. upon Note of Hand Alone, in any part or England or Wales. Loan £5 To Repay £5 15 0 £lO £ll 10 0 £2O £23 0 0 11 £3O £5410 0 £5O £57 10 0 £lOO £ll5 0 0 Larger amounts in p•oportion. Extra Charges made in cases considered necessary. Sptcial Terms Arranged to suit Borrowers Own Convenience. Letters immediately answered. Prospectus free on application. Call or write in strict confid- ence to ,tiie NA tIONAL LOAN SOCIETY, 41, CORPORA TION ST., MANCHESTER. (Registered Offices.

OR MORE 'THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE BOON TO WOMANKIND. They are the best known Remedy.for Antetnia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Lose of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 90, is lid, 2s 91, 4s 6d, and li,, May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the Proprietor. Only Address 3)9. PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL. LONDON W.

, ,•'',s:''. , • The British Medical Journal says— ,e:Benger's Food has by its "excellence established ~,,,,....„.. . . .. .t,... , .. " a reputation of ,_ • , ..- - . Pi-4(-1,-. ,-, ~e. . " its own." • '•‘. -i" ''''''., k" i • • ' /e 4 I •.. ~.. . r-'. ~..,.. - ~,,,,li.: p 4 .I„to,' :.),:i? , '• 44* . - ''''''' , ../ aNd44:l_, , i e . -4" I.oo7Wif •• . ,c4t.jirrl:;, '' •;.' • f •t- -IA t .) . ~;„,4 • 4. -"1 ig, . * ;tit ' ,er ' • eN. ', ' , ,144 , ,„, got , .7,l,l*atv • -e, A ~,. ' , ...' t': 'bi, ~M j' 1-='i.';,............,:;-=.•=. -"'''"''--- , 4. , • :I' , ' • '-......itz% • ....,:-:, ~.. •41,,,.-p,. • t: 1,46 „.allk, , ....i. .4..,,1 ,a 1 N%'''''46 ‘.,.. ~-4 ~.,;:tiN,c..s, .„,-,..,-,,r dil''•".. :4 • MI/ A." 14) • • ~. ~ VP' l'ir ,i; ~..,.-t- 'A "iis:l6) • . , 4,0- , • BARNE., S.W. .o. 4,ra''''. 1 , 1 1 :1 'eg 1 1 - •.. IVX‘ia ' ......cote,:b.• I f .‘

, .iMERRYWEATHERS, .....,..07-. , r,--,-------,pvYr----7----i ----r.-- ,-- .. - , y.„, ,_,.." ...?„5,,,,‘" ~.. iii,,,,.,,,Afii: ' ':•\ ~ t " . H IGH •,_ ~,,,,,441.41, CLASS, 'f-',8,.*0::::::•- , 'Ar.L.1,601:,:: . . GARDEN. HOUtiv- --,4,---,, 63 LONG ACRE:. Co NogiN ;.. ...,N.0.4 LARGEST MAKERSCLASS HOSE IN THE WPRILD:

ONE, TWO, OR THREE, according to age and constitution, may be taken of DR. /KING'S BILIOUS & LIVER PILLS (Guaranteed without Mercury) These Pills have been prescribed by Medical mem for over 100 years, are still ahead of all Liver Pills; gentle in their action, restore tone to the generalsystem' and are the safest and most reliable family medicine for all ages, and absolutely cure the symptoms of Torpid Liver' such as UNPLEASANT BREATH--WINP GIDDINESS DEPRESSED SPIRITS INDIGESTION"' BACKACHE—SPASMS—ROUGH TONGUE— ACIDITY AN° CONSTIPATION—and stimulate the Liver itself to con- tinued healthy action. Sold everywhere-1/li, 2 9 and 4 8 per box.

TENNENTips T LAGER BEER. GUARANTEED BRIGHT & FREE FROM SEDINIENT' To be obtained from M. WALKER& SONS LTD., WarringB6/ a nd of all Grocers and Wine Merchants. Matured in Cold Storage for months before being bottled: See that Every Bottle has the Red T Label. 59, Lancelots Hey, Liverpool. WELLPARK BREWERY, GLAsGOV4

JEWSBURY BROWN'S Soda Water, Lemonade, Ginger Ale, Potash Water, Ginger Beer, Seltzer Water, By Appointment to the KING. MANCHESTER.

80-rawil ILIA:STRATI], CATALoWur. Whot:lnele Mon, Cycles, Motors, Accessories, 450 W zest" erPyii.tt 1r & second-hand machines actually iu stock. Cycles from 30!-, 8.5.). is Zadie's mac') ines. Never Acoe,ory, tO such bargains offered Vrames, Tyres, Ck Send for List. —-, Wheels, 0 Agent,' Wall ted , ttc., Half- tIS ' , 111_1, • 4 • . —WarrHow & Co., -,..,... ----..! Weaton-.o_per- *are __

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS. Registered No. 40,376. 43/ NO MORE 1,0 SOFT LINEN At WHEN , STARCHED. • - • Used In the Royal Laundries. Should be used In every house' Once tiied, always Wanted... 1.1$" MAKES OLD LINEN LISS.- ne vr.,test boon ever offere4 to the Laundress for Imparting an Ivory iiinish toctarchedLinen.Laces.e,A It does not stick to rpider-web-like materials. everywhere In in Packets at Id., 3d.. and 6d.. each. PRFPARED ONLY BY nOri* T. CRITCHLEY. Chemist, BLACKS- ?. Whiter rp tenet. London, b.u.

PEEK, FREAN & CO.'S "PAT-A—CAKE (Regd. BISCUITS,

TIRED AVEN. 0 8 When you are tired of taking mysterious prescriPtl°,lteo6 Weary of wearing Biectril Belts, write to me, and I vo'd oldr you a Book, which ',bows bow every man, young2,l4oB. may be quickly and thoroughly cured of Nl4lll/01)0 ga EXHAUSTION, VAhICOORLR. and DRBILITY, frl, Or cause whatever. WITH OUT STOMACH DIEDICIId ELECTRICITY. Hundreds of cures. Book sent seal .4011 free, for two stamos.—A. J. LhIGH, 92 ond 93,Great iriel:otar St., London. W .0. Over seventeen years' successful ' Dalesfel ser for Is wonderful water PT' Olt tiecinsQaTnBd parese4rAveFisls lb% • Ipeitil- • Pleasant odour allow 0 GOLD MEDAL lag with blacking. ....a.O EXHIBITION 11" AWA IIDS• /PS 4, 6 I/ off ill in Izz-zds,..radd,z,,detc Mann to u a.Londo,_ IV. 5 i , 40x. INIECC REO°0114114g: ___

Starch—penny wise Linen—pound foclish it's poor economy to save on starch at the expense of linen. Good starch—backed with Go/man's name —not only makes ironing easier and better—it saves trim- ming frayed edges, making new button- holes &c. COLAN'S STARCH is as cood as rr-ak COLMAN'S MUSTARD. IFLEG • s STTB.

LONDON vrroßs.—Queen's Private Hotel, 7 QUEEN o SQUIRE. Bloomsbury. Central. Maximum comfort, minimum expense.

110YLAKB.—Sandloit. Private Boarding House, 49, Cable Rd; late dinners.—Tariff on applio ition to Miss Toms.s.

-- - A LDERLBY BDGEC. —THORNILEY. Tea Rooms, Chorley Li Hall lane. Picnic Parties catered for. Accommo- dation for Cyclists. QMITH'S FICHRY HOTBL, Forycl. Five cutouts's' walk A) from Rhyl Promenade. Beds from 2s. ; board optional, Cyclists' rest. Baths.

CRICCI RT:I. —Good STA LIU NG fur VISITORS' HO ttSRS and good Room for Motor-cars. Note the address.— BRYNHIR ARMS, Criccieth. ltAr ATLOCK BATH.—Mrs. FOWLER. Ashfield, Waterloo IV II rd., extensive grounds; charming views; Board, Apartments ; terms moderate. GRRAT YARMOUTH.—REGENT BAARDING ROUSE. 63 Marine Parade, facing Britannia Pier ; cycle accom- modation; sea water baths ; stamp.

II I LLSWATIM.—PATTIiIiDALH HOT/CL. Ullswater, Pen HU) ; stands in its own grour.ds ; facing lake; terms moderate.—Misses HUDSON, Proprietresses.

SOUTHPORT —HOllll] for INVALIDS; nn ed cal , surgical, chronic and convalescent patients received ; south aspect. —Apply SUPERINTENDENT, 42. Avondale ro,d.

SUMM HOLIDA.YS. Special Terms. Borrowdale Hotel, Derwentwater. Keswick. Delightful situation ; good table; every home comfort.—Apply MAiskuEnEss.

r ADY, living in bealthle3t part Cheshire, two miles from 1J Neswall-on-Dee, If from station, receivbs PAYING GUESTS; pony, trap, cows kept.-11EATHFIELD, Thing- wall, Birkenhead. .

CHICSTER.-WHITH 'EMAIL EIOTRL and concert room, Lower Bridge St. best accommodation for visitors. Parties catered for ; good beds and livery stables.— R,`Smfill, proprietor. BLAOKPOOL.—CAIR3CENT PRIVATE; HOTEL. The Park, facing sea. Table d'Hote 6 p.m. (small tables). Excellent cuisine. Tel. 117. Telegrams—" Cresccnt, Black- pool."—Apply Miss WILSON. Manageress.

LANGOLL ,N.—Tynywern Boarding Bstabliihment tensive alterations replete with every comfort ; half mile from town; exhilarating elev4tion ; HOLYHEAD ROAD; fishing, horse, trap ; from 28s. per week 5.. 6d. per day. DOUGLAP.--CHALMBR'S YORK BOARDING BSTAB- LISHMKNT, central for all amusements ; first-class table; home comforts,terrns strictly moderate; epeeist terms for parties.-5. Castle terrace, Promenade, Douglas. 1.0. M.

IHURCH STRETTON.—HoImwood Boarding House and V APARTMENTS. High-class; good T.-nnis Court; standing in own grounds; close to noted Golf Links. Tariff, —Apply Mrs. HARRIS, Holmwood, Church Stratton. Salop.

FLBRTWOOD.—Bracing and Restful.—QUßßN'd PRIV- ATI4 BOUM, Restaurant. and Boarding House; opposite Railway Station and Steamers ; home comforts . good catering; moderate charges ; dinner da11y,11.45 t 02.30 ' picnic parties catered for ; electric lights; terms from be. ; week-ends 10s. 6d. 0.T.0.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, EUSTON SQUARE. HONE CONTORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. - - A BEIRVBTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most .3ornfortable Family Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Room and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms from 2k guineas per week, or 9s. per day. according to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from ss. Table d'Hote at 6.3) o'clock For TARIFFS &C.' apply to W. H. PALMER PROPRIETOR.

BLACK POOL—Co fortable AP/Mini SNTS near Station; 13. per day or 43. with board.—Apply Mrs. YLTES, 28. swainson st.

BLACKPOOL.—Mias KER.BILW and Mrs. EDOM, 55 Palatine road, Comfortable APARTMENTS. Piano. Terms moderate.

BLAAJKP-60L.—Double Bedroom, with Sitting-room, near sea, piano, 21 per week.—Mrs. HARGREAVES, 11, Cross it., North Shore.

BLACKPOOL.—APARTBIBBITS close to sea, stations, amusements ; beds Es.for two ; bond 4s. 6d. day each PALMER. 93. Albert rd.

BLAOKPOOL.-APARTMNNTS. public, private, or board; splendidly situated; one mlnute from sea.—Bour..rox, Flixton House, Lytham rd.

HOMB FROM HOMR Comfortable APARTMICNTS close to sea and Station. Terms moderate.—Miss RICE ; 7. Edward Henry Street. Rhyl.

BIACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS, public or private. ; central; near ilea and trama.—Mrs. PALMER. 23. Dale it. From Ardwick, Manchester.

SOUTHPORT.—Comfortable APARTMENTS ; good Beds, moderate terms; Lwo minutes' wk from pier.—The Misses ASHWORTH. 35. Bold et.

DRESTATYN.—Comfortable APARTMENTS; beautifully situated near shore and station ; also Furnished Bungs- low.-4, YORK TERRACE, Prestatyn. BL4OKPOOL.—CLAREMONT PARK. 180 Warbreck rd. Fine sea view. Well furnished. Three bedrooms, August, September. Terms low.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. FOGG Glasson House,Foxhall Square. Homely, Comfortable APARTMENT/3, is. per day. Close to Sea. Private Apartments.

BEAUMARIR North Wates.—FURNI3HHO HOUSE, or APARTMENTS; pleAsantly• situated ; facing the sea. Preawylfa, West End. - - - SUPERIOR APARTMENTS at Farrnboase in healthy and bracing country; fine scenery.—Mrs. THoRLKY, Blacon House, Dalton, Parbold. near Southport.

-VISITORS to London will find clean, country APART- V MENTB, good be.is ; terms moderate; near Angel.- 116, LIVERPOOL RD., IsliogtOn. London.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. HARTLEY, Emerald House, 80, ALBERT RD., (late of 52, Palatine-road and formerly of Bolton), Apartments public 3c private.

10LWYN BAY. Comf.mtable iPARTMBNTS five ki minutes walk from shore, terms moderate, h and c bath —Mrs. GRIFFITHS, Olinda. Abergele rd.

AMSRY.—Elarts WI!, Mooragh Promenade.—Superior PRIVATE APARTMENTS; Foating and bathing from door ; terms moderate.—Mrs. W. WALcrt. BLACKPOOL.—Visitors will find Comfortable AOOO3l- MODATION at Mrs. FRED AtimiTAGE's, 73 Albert rd., near Central station; good beds, gond cocking.

ItTORCAMBR.—Mieees SHP:PURER & Allow'''. Olive ITI House, 38, Oxford It.; Comfortable APARTMENTS. puhlio or private; 2 minutes sea ; 1. per day each.

DRIGHTONI.—Lady'u House, furnished, excellent portion 1." £2. Shops end Villas, £26 to £9s.—Youxo• HOLBECK ANDSADLER Auctioneers. Brighton. (Mortgages wanted). PRBSTATYN.—FURNISHED, from July 30, pretty Villa; two entertaining, four bedrooms, all conveniences ; nice garden ; croquet, &c.—Mrs. Joxxs. Wenallt, Gronant rd.

!VI ORROAMBH.—Comfortable APARTMENTS. Millie .1,1. Nicholson, Timsbury House, 12, Wellinsrton Terrace near L. and N. W. Station, fiVA mirotes from Promemvie.

ONDON.—Visitors will find Comfortable APARTMIsNTS 1.1 at Mrs. BUICRIree, 80. Downham Road, Kingsland, N. (late of Brarlford).Bed, meat breakfast,2s. 6d. Reeornrnen,led

STEW BRlGHTON.—Apartments or Board-Residence I. every convenience ; clase to station, electric cars, shore and tower. Terms moderate.-39, GROSVENOR ROAD. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, public and private ' • bath and piano ; trains pass the door; five minutes walk from Talbot-road Station.—MAßcasaf, 113, New rd.

_ DIRKDALB.-1-11ndsomely-furnished APARTMENTS in well-ippointed home ; snit business gentlemen ; bath ; modern conveniences; near station and tram ; moderate. - 47, BRIGHTON ROAD.

A NGLESEY, CR MARS BAY, Rose Cottage, Furnished 11. APARTMENTS, June, July, August, and September. three sitting rooms...yea bedroorns,'one minute's walk from .bore.—Mrs. J. S. P.VANS.

A PARTMENT.—Two sitting, three or four bedrooms, ti bathroom, high situation : near sea and mountains five minutes to town and cathedral.--C.. 6, Brynteg terrace, Unner Bangor, N. Weiss.

COOTLAND Innellan. Firth of CiIvde.—COMFORTABLE 1,7 APARTMENTS. with attendants, at Dhunellan, beau- tifnlly situated in extensive groun4s and near golf course. Apply Mrs. Ke.v.

DO tIGLAS.—ONErnA, Avondale Terrace, Broadway beautifully eituated : sea. and mountain views • cable- cars to door: APARTMENTS for 2,14 s. boarders 2 shariag bedroom 28s. weekly.

LLANDRINDOD WIILLS, the beauty spot of Central Wales. Visitors' List, post free, lid. ; Guide, lid poet free. Apartments recommended.—G. GRIFFITHS Caxton House, Llandrindod

T AKB DlSTRlCT.—Buttermere :FURNISHED COTTAGE 1.1 TO LBT by week or month, one sitting-room; two bedrooms (three reds). Terms moderate.—Apply Mrs. B. RIGG, Crag Horse, DutterrriPre. Cnekermorith.

MR OBOAMBR, W. 14.— Visitors will find comfortable homely APARTMHNTS. with or without board, at reasonable terms, with Mrs. JEtemos, Stanley House, 26, Olarendon-road ; one minute from Pier and Alhambra.

T LANDUDNO.—APARTMENTS, public or private; board _LI if require.l.—Mrs. CRABTREE Bryn Ogwen,Deganwy Bt. SOARBOHO'.—Mrs. IticErAfinsoN,lll4nebester House,Ceme- tery rd. ; Comfortable APARTMENTS' ; terms moder- ate; piano.

DUBLIN.—APARTMBNTS with or without Board, moder- ate for visitors, central.—Mrs. JOHN SEYMoUR, bB, Eccles street.

TORT REIN; Riversdale House.—APARTMENTS. near I station, shore, and golf links; terms moierate.— Mrs. T. GALE. BLACKPOOL.—Homely APARTMENTS, near Central Station and pier.—Mrs. C. GRAHAM, 45 Livingstone rd, off Hornby rd.

WIGTOWEISHIRE.—APARTMENTS to be Let, with attendance • sea bathing, golf. COWAN, Bridge Mill. Glenluce.

A PARTMICNTS or BOARD, one minute from ahore.—Mrs. 11.. JOE CHALMERS, 3,Nutford Place, Castle Mona Avenue, Douglas, 1.0. M.

QOUTFIPORT.—Mrs. FOSTER, 8, Wesley Street; home 1,3 from home ; electric light; near stations and pier Terms moderate.

BLACKPOOL—Reliable APARTMENTS or Board; ex. cellent sea view.—Mrs. JamEs, 12, St. Chad's road Promenade, S.S.

LIANDUDNO ; beautiful situation, near sea ; well-aired beds, bath.—Misses STRATTON. Fron-Dirion, hosebery Avenue, Craig-y-don.

QCARBOROUGH . —Cornfortabie APARTMENTS. one Li minute from station; near sea and spa.—Apply, 11, BELLE VUE TERRACE. ST. ANNIMON-THE-SEA.—Mrs. LORD. 72. St. Andrew's rd., South ; Public and Private APARTMENTS; highly recommended.

AK E DISTRICT.—APARTMENTS to Let for July and ...1J august; board if required.—HlDE, Palace Howe, Loweswater, Cockermouth.

ST. ANNES-ON-S&.—Well furnished A.PARTMENT3. public or private; bath: &c.; piano, moderate.—Mrs TA YLOR. West View, Albert rd.

DLACKPOOL.—Mrs. GODDARD, 16. Livnsawrottn RD., 1/ (central). Homely APARTMBNTS 11. per night, with board 4s. 6d. per day Inclusive.

PWLLElBLl.—Cornfortable APARTMENTS, one minute. to promenade and beach ; golf and tennie.—Miss C. Humnts, Lys Madoe, West End.

ORECAMBR.— APARTMENTS; e'osA to West End .131. Pier, Promenade; bath ; piano; cycle accommodation. —Mrs. SHIRPLES, 65, Albert Road.

NEW BRIGHTON.—MILS. DAW:iON, Egerton Villa, Egerton it., Comfort+ble APARIMENTS, near Ferry, and New Promenade. Terms moderate.

HARROGATE.—TO :LBT, SITTING and BEDROOM, with piano ; terms moderate ; comfortable ; central. - BIELBY, 15, Regent terrace, Harrogate.

ABBRYSTWYTH.—APARTMENTS. pleasantly situated near sea and station ; home lomforts.—Mrs. LEA (late of Midlands). Binssvood, Llanbadarn rd.

BL9CKPOOL —Mrs. GEORGE H. COULSON, 10, Kirby-rd., near Manchester Hotel, sea, and new Promenade. APARTMHISTS with or without board.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. CRABTREE, 93 Egerton rd.. North Shore, APARTMENTS. Public or Private with or. without board, Piano, every home comfort.

MORBCAMBIif, W.B.—Mrs. B. Sim',sox, Hungerford House, 33, Westminster rd.—APARTAIHNTS and Boarding; bath and piano; nice open view.

QT. ANNES-ON-911A.—Oomfortable Private APART MINTS. sitting and two bedrooms; 3 mins. stAtion terms 40a., inclusive.-10, SPRINGFIELD-RD. BLACKPOOL —Superior APARTMSNTS ; home com- forts ; minute from sea; piano ; terms strictly moder- ate.-1, KIRBY ROAD, near Manchester Hotel.

I3LACK POOL.—CRABTREE'fi, 9, Yates street, Dickson Road, North Shore, near flea. Public and Private APARTMENTS. Terms moderate. Home Comforts.

KENDAL.—Bedroom and Sitting-room, FURNISHKEI ; outskirts ; good trout fishing; charming scenery ; piano, terms moderate.—Mrs. FOSTER, 5, West St.

A BERYSTINYTEL—Furnished APARTMENTS, three ri minutes' walk from sea; terms moderate.—Apply Mrs. HUMPHREYS, 2, Cha lybeate st., Aberystwyth.

DRAY, COUNTY WICKLOW.—APAIETMENTS ; very 1J comfortable, clean, and well recommended ; 5 minutes from sea and rail.—Mys. CsnRoLL, 4, Duncairn Avenue.

A ERR fSTWYTH.—Comfortable APARTMENTS (piano) /I._ ball minute from new promenade and castle; moderate terms.—Mrs. PRICE, Seafield House, Rheidol Terrace.

BLACKPOO L. Comfortable APARTMBNTS ; three minutes walk horn Central Station and sea Near all amusements. Piano.—Mrs. T GrasoN, 39. Chapel et. 11DBNMARNMAWR.—APARTMENTS ; 2 sitting rooms IL and 4 bedrooms (6 bode); sea and mountain within easy distance; home comforts'—Apply Mrs. T. ROBERTS, Bradford House, Benmaenan.

BLACKPOOL.—Visitors will find Comfortable ACCOM- MODATION at Mrs. EMMANUEL liswoßTiffi. 88 Albert road. near Central Station. Public or Private Apartm ants with or without Board. Piano.

TpXCELLENT COUNTRY ROME, with widow lady, for LA two Gents or business Ladies ; no children ; bath ; two minutes from Walkden station.—Mrs. RICHARDSON, Ellesmere terrace. Walkden rd., Woreley. TLLFRACOMBH. —Comfortable APARTMENTS; two sit- ting-rooms, four bed-rooms ; nicely furnished . bath- oom, piano ; ;rood cooking and attendauce • splendid view rack and front. Terms very moderate.—Mrs. GREEN, 9, kielmont rd.

sToCRS AND SHARKS, M. SANDS AND CO., CAMOMILE STREIHT CHAMBHRS, LONDON, S.C. FOR'TNIGHTLY ACCOUNTS OPENED ON FAVOURABLB

24,110:itral.

ASAL Catarrh, Diarrboea,2 recipes 6d. Physician' a pre- i. 29, Round Green, Luton, Beds. WITHOUT STOMACHIC DOSlNG.—Chronic Eczema and Ringworm Cured; remedies 13d.—.P. HARRIS, Sec.. 119 Hanover at., Sheffield.

4,3:IIRILITY in women; its causes and curative treatment. By a late Senior Pbysician to a Hospital for women. New bdition just published,post free 3e.Bd.—SHELLEY & CO. LTD.,3B, Gracechurch st.. Tendon.

EXPERIBNCBD Male and Female NURSES at a A moment's notice for all cases.—apply NURSES !maim- Vox, Hope House, Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephoae 2570 Royal. Telegraphic Itddress •• Nurses."

HEALTH PILLS (non mercurial), cure most human ail- ments, especially Rheumatism. Finest tonic known. Price 2s. 9d., and 6s. 3d., per box, post free.—MARSH, stinnymede, Balmoral Rd., florbreck, Blackpool. RHEUMATOID ARTHRlTlS.—Rheumatism, Rheumatoid Arthritis and Rheumatic Gout speedily Cured. Mar- vellous new discoveries. Splendid results :—BARING- GOULD, Rheumatic Specialist, Queenswood-road, Moseley, Birmingham. Advice and Testimonials Free.

rrRY the M etch! es s Gout and Rheumatic Pills for Ohronic _1 Gout, Rheumatism, sciatica, Lumb‘go. Over 300 chronic cases cured by them in the district of West Bromwich last 18 month, some of 30 and 40 years standing. Average sure', 95 in every 100. Price, is. 3d., post free.—Address HERBAL SPxciaLisT, 80.83, Spot' lane, West Bromwich,

GOUT, RHEUMATISM. A STOUNDING Discovery at last. An absolute Sure for XI Gout, Rheumatism, and Rheumatic Gout. Gill's Gout and Rheumatic Pills, Is. lid. per box, post free, and of all leading Chemists.—Send two stamps for free sample to THOMAS GILL & Co., 4 Duke st., Adelphi, London.

66 V OUI WHAT'S WRONG ? " INDIGESTION. When I. the best support gives no strength, spiritlf ss,flutter- ing or pains around heart, tightness, choking sensations, faintness, weak left arm,sieeplessness,tlizziness, no appetite. lack of energy, great distress of mind, fear of death, send is. 3d.; wonderful recipe in plain English.—JoßN HALIFAX, Cononley, Keighley. No more bottles of iniquity.

25, CATHERINE STREET, 6 Rooms 4s. 3d. per week. PENKEITH.—GOOD HOUSES WITH GARDENS, 3s. 9d. per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. WARRINGTON.—Large SHOPS in principal positions in main streets, Rents £2OO. £l5O. £lOO and £9O a year IVY LODGE.PROGHALL LANE rent £45 a year on lease. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War- rington. Telephone—No 55.

rro LET.—HOUSE and SHOP, Parker at.—Apply WOODS .1 AND Hos, bolicitors, Horsemarket et.., Warrington. WAREHOUSE and YARD with Stabling To Let in Bewsey at. (lately occupied by Jose ph Woodward, Builder) also railway arch.—Apply SMETHURST. Old Foundry, Wnrrington.

(AAR SLA.BWOOD FOR BALM, .uitable for Fencing and Firewooi.--OLARE AND RIDGW•Y, Sankey Bridges, Warrington.

6611-, ATRINIONIAL POST," sealed 5d., with circular 9d. ; 111 distance immaterial.—BmTon, 10, Trafalgar Build- ings, London, W.C.

STA NIMBILING Scientifically Treated.— Sufferers write for particulars, medical opinions, &c.—MICHELMORE. 14 Grand Parade, Cork.

%...-11GNS AND LETTHRS of every description nride to order 10 by R. R. LATHAM, Glass Decorator and Signmaker. 89, Renshaw et , Livernool.

T, NUSECD BABY LIGICN.—AII neces.ary articles for U immediate use, 58. Oi. paid.—Mrs. TURNER, 20 Market Square, Tunstall. Staff.

11N different and unique ways of increasing your income. _1 Whole or spare tisae.—Particulars, P.O. 1.. Seca%TARY 1 Bryntirion st., Dowlais.

fIAKK WALK, Sacred. Dance, Comic Sentimental Music, 7 copies. Is. Post-card for list, 1,000. —CALVERTON, 41 High et., South, Dunstable.

VISHING.—HO-YBN Japanese Fish Bait ensures good 1 sport. Samples and directions 7 stamps.-4. B. HARE, 33, Hollow Stone, Nottingham. WEN AWAY with each catalogue of our pretty Costume Skirts a 2s. copy of music. Send a postcard, that's all —MANN & Co., *Marshall's Mills, Leeds.

CRICKUT bats. 3s. 64. eacb ; men's all cane, cane and rubber. 4s. 6d. each ; youth's, 35.. 2s. 6d. ; stock soiled, unused.-786, OLD KENT RD.. London.

COAT rnd BLOUSE HANGERS. Keep the shoulders in shape. Three for 5d., six for 941.. twelve for le. 4d. Post free.—Mtnx's Fancy Stores. Truro.

pAINPUL Corns and Bunions gniekly removed by using Hodgeon's Corn Sslye. Boxes !lost free Sfd. and is. /id CUTHBERT HODGSON, Chemist, Sunderland.

SQUIT LENGTHS, marvellous value, Bs. 6d., lls., 19.5. 6d. &e.; also Trouserings, patterns free.—J Woollen Alprohsnt GlArlholt,, T-forldprsfi-Irl

QMOKB GRADY'S DIVIOIDBR TOBACCO " It does not /..7 burn the tongue." Sold everywhere in packets with coupon Wholesale.—GßLDY, King at., Wigan.

ZIERS.—Rest I4ollow-ground, 3s. 6d. each; pair, in case. It 7a 6d. free. Handsome pocket knife given with every order.—H. BLLIOTT, 58 West Bank lane, Sheffield. LADIRS'DRNSS LIRNDTFIS In Voiles Flakes Serge. Cashmeres, &A.., from 3/11 per 6 yards. Carriag,e paid Patterns if, MIDDLETON & Co., Dept. N., Bradford.

J4/OMB assortment of ne r/ and Second-hand Leather Snit _LI Cases, Cabin Trunks, Portmanteaus, and Bags to be sold cheap.—WENTER, 107 Charing Cross rd., London.

mA. Tmli IM. 0 N.Ytr.i—etlen.ttr oedetiateicoyn giveno s af.entyu.Lae,p, osrtaGmepnst 1e- TARRANTTAGENCY. Cumerb.rla.rid street, Bi9rminttham.

UOWL CORN. 7s 64 lOs 64, 12 61. 2401 be ; Pitr Rood. 7s 64 1 and Poultry Meal. Bs. and 108., per 2001135.—RocHE aim Co., 15, Gores piazzas Liverpool. Mention paper.

KERP YOUR CHIUD'S 1-11IkD nLISA.I%I and free from Nits with Sandbrook's Infallible Pomade. Post free, ; money returned if not as stated.-448 KING9LA.ND RD

PHOTOGRAPH POST CARDS perfectly reproduced from any Photograph. 12, 2s. 6d.; 6, la. 6d. Send Photo and Cash—R. WALL,Photogrtpher.2 Exetar Street, Brighton.

TIPLOIJSRS.—SpIendid Silk for Mouses and Children's 1) Messes, 27 inch wide xt Is. 61. oe, yrl. Pitte-ns Sent on approval.—R.A.SiAcKß,4s Sh lw Street. Ifaccleiffel d TACES, IRISH hen dmade Point, Csrrickmacross. Crochet and Limerick Laces made to order.Q.intations sent free. o'SuLuvess,lrish Lace Manufacturers,Kilcummin,Killarney

2r: n 9-Carat Gold Broocihes at 3s. 6d., Silver Match Boxes r)IJ 4s. 6d.. other goods equally cheap. List and Coupons (worth 18s.) free.—SUPPLY Co., 133, Upper Moss Lane, Manchester.

A STPOLOGY.—Test Horoscope of Character, liminess, AL Marriage. Health, and Changes —Send birth date, ls.. and starnperl envelope, VENUS' (N), 4. Stranton Terrace. Fulwell road, Sunderland.

DRARSON'S £5OO Longest Words. Royal Magazine Winner sends List of Longest Words. Is. and stamped addressed envelopa.--IIoYAL WINNER. 13 Arrolnger road. Shepherd's Bush. London

DO you want to win £lOO ? Send f‘ir my Soluti,ms; ' Weekly Telegraph," Smith's Weekly.' &e.. Is. P 0 . Home Notes' (splendid final), 28.—W. BRACKEN, 83 Molyneux rd., Liverpool.

lACE CURTAINS direct from the maker, 2s. 6d., 3s. 61 1J 4s. 6d., a pair, white or cream. Two pairs kirtndsome Bedroom Curtains sent earriatre paid for 3s. Dd.—THE WAREFIOUSE. 9, Market Place, Mansfield.

NRTTING. NHTTING. Rabbit Nets, Football'Goal Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.THomss JOHNSON'S. Net Warehouse Corporrtion-street, Manchester.

HUNDRECDS are willing to give a fair price for a Rood article. I will make you a first-class Serge suit. guaranteed Indigo dye, to fit, and Rive every satisfaction, for 2 guineas cask—W. S. M tY, Kingswood, Bristol *

TO BE SOlD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive 1, Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Lan, with siding to the railway. Suicahle for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. Efoncrini, 16 Fenwicik-street, Liverpool. • a.' GOOD Serge Costume Skirts,tastefully strapped Zl,ook, black or navy, half price to clear, 2s. 93. each ; 2 for ss. carriage 5d ; sizes up to 301 n. waist, 441 n. in length ; Long-waisted Grey Corsets, Is. 3d., post 3d. ; slack Silkette Blouse, beautifully tucked, 25., post 3d. Money returned if not satisiled.—F. DLVIE9, 102 Norwood rd., London, q.D,

SAVR YOUR HAY AND CORN,—Dixon's Steel and Iron Barns are eclnornical, durable, quickly erected, storm proof, give protection against fire, can be cheaply rern3ved ; save their cost In few years; thousands in use. prices reduced; 3 yearly payments if clesired.—lsAix Dixos, Windsor Iron- works, Edge Hill, Liverpool.

y 00K 1 You have all helped to pay for them before.— life Guards' Military Knee Boots, smart appearance. is. 64. per pair; Naval Knee Boots, very strong, 6s. 64. per pair ; Bluchers, ss. 64., per pair ; any aiza; carriage paid. cash returned if not approved of.—FIENRY J. GASSON Government Contractor, Rye.

A BOON TO DAILY RAILWAY TRAVBLLBRS.—YearIy 1-1 Season Tickets, with which the holier can travel by any train. or any Railway —may he had for a Reduced Weekly Payment; or for a les. Monthly. or Quarterly Pay• ment than those charged by the Railway Companies.—Ail information from the MITTULL SqA.SriN TICKET AGENCY. 6, Lever street, Manchester.

'OR SALE, PORTABLE OFFICE on Wheels fitted desks, JU drawers, gas fittings complete. Stanhope gig rubber Tyres all latest improvements. Double, single and tandem Harness, saddles, bridles, night and show head halters, rugs and hoods, zinc mangers, all practically new, also quantity of Disinfectants and Veterinary Medicines.—Appiy RYMER & Co., 16 Brasenose rd.. Bootle.

CONSllRVATORlltSdereenhouses,frames, 21 oz greenhouse glass, studios, sheds,&c. Intending purchasers can ob- tain the best for quality, designs. and cheapness from E. HoneoN, Manufacturer, TyHealey. List and estimates free. State wants.

B_ ARGAINS.—BUSINESS, TOURING or SPORTING SUIT, made to measure 15s. 9d., warranted all wool, best finish, perfect fit and style guaranteed or money returned; sketch and patterns sent.— CHARLES SEYMOUR, Chapel Walks, Manchester.

-INDIGESTION AND NERVOUS WEAKNESS CURED by 1. specialists' prescription ; no failures. One man writes : Your prescription has made me another man. Had I tried it sooner would have saved me pounds."—Prescription 58. RUSHTON, 100, Newchurch rd., flacup.

CIKLEENO " removes Dirt, Grease, Sttins, Sm.. from hands like magic; unlike Pumice Stone or Sand, it leaves the skin smooth, white, aryl delicitelv p -rfumed.— Write to-day and send three stamps for a 6d. bow from Savo Co , 12, Green Lanes. stoke Newington N.. London.

f )111NA AND EARTHENWARE. Cheapest in the trade XI Seconds crates from £2. Every assortment. China, Gilt Seconds Is. dozen. Hawkers, Marketrnen and Shop- keepers should write at once for free Price List.—NoßmsCor ART PoTTERT, liept• 14, Norrnacot Works. Longton. Staffs.

WANT A HUSBAND? Want a wife? Raad " Matri- V V mony," 24. pages of excellent reading conctraing love, courtship and marriage. Genuine matrimonial advertise- ments.no connection with any agency, thirty words 2s. 6d. ; specimen post free. sealed envelope threepence.—' MATRI- MONY " OFFICES, 61, Fleet st., London, B.C.

rrOOTHACHB, Certain, lasting cure. Sent on receipt of P.O. le. and stamp.—Ducg, Southfield lane, Brad- ford, Yorks.

G RAINWATH all eizes at low prices.— kJ( Applyginamir & JOHN GREENALV,Ltd. The Distillery, Warrington.

MIISHING.—Ho-Yen Japanese fish bait ensures good sport. Sample and directions 7 stamps. C. B. HARE Hollowstone, Nottingham. fIOFFEB AND TEA, " VENIRNTIS " brand. Buy from k..) Mincing lane Markets. 71bs pure roasted Coffee sent against P.O. Sc, 6d. Tea all qualities. Price list.—WooD, 9, Mincing lane, London lAN SALE. large quantity of girders, god nine slates Timber, skylights, coping, etc., now at St. Helen, Cheap for quick sale,—Apply JOSEPH COAT Limited,Canters- bury-street, Blackburn. Tel. 308.

REOlPHS.—lmportant to anglers. Becipes for paste and ground bait. as used by famed John Osborn, ls. Id. Send at once. BRAZIER OsBORN. 33, Barnsbury-grove, B trnsbury, London.

D. SRCURRS Complete PRINTING OUTFIT, or 2 letter V monogram (self-inking) boxed; 7d. secures 7 yea,' date. Energetic agents wanted, commission good.—RICCARD BROS. 195 Old Christchurch ••oad, Bournemouth,

eouratton.

GERMAN Taught Free to those taking our French Course. —MITCHLET'S Correspondence College, King's Lynn. SBAFIHLD SCHOOL, LYTHAM. Juicing the sea. Re- cognised by the Board of Education as an efficient school. Principal, Dr. SLATER, M.A., F.E.A.S.

CORRHSPONDIiNCE. Harmony, Counterpoint 86e. ; thorough preparation for all examinations.—Full parti- culars from J B WooD.Mus. B.,Dunelm,2sLoxham st,Bolton.

UNIVIOSITY SCHOOL, SOUTdPOKT. A MOST SUCCESSFUL BOARDING SCHOOL FOR Dots. W. tiIINDBRSON, M.A., Principal,

- t IXFORD HOUSE SCHOOL, ST. ANNBS-ON-THE-SBA. kJ —BOYS Prepared for the Public Schools. Thorough grounding andindiviJualteaching. New, specially designed buildings. Mid term begins June 17th. Principal J. F. BRINDLE B.&. (Oxon).

ST. ASAPH GRAISINIAtt SCHOOL, N. WALES. PUBLIC BOARDING SCHOOL Well equipped. Laboratory, Workshop. Healthy, picturesque situation. Near Cathe- dral. Bracing air. Individual attention. Preparation for university, professional. n d commercial exame.--B. MIINER, B.Sc., head master.

OUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL, SC tRISBRICK NEW-ROAD. One of the LARGEST PRIVATE SOH, OLS in the North of England. CAPT. J. C. UNDERWOOD, A.0.P.. F.R.G.S.. Head Master.

MR. EIiNESIP W 11,1160, Professor of Musie,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THRORY, HARMONY, COUNTI43I- - MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three—manual organ for pupils' praetiee.--For terms apply 134, LovELY-LANE Warrington.

LADIES' COLLEGE URAISTO.N. NEAR MANCHESTER. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. PRINCIPALS: Mrs. E. ELLIDGS, Trained Certificated Teacher, Registered Column B Teachers' Register ; Miss M. HOLLAND, London Trained Kindge-garten Teacher. Full staff of Resident English and Foreign Mis- tresses, and Visiting Professors. Pu;-,ils prepared for Oxford and Cambridge Local and Music Oxaminatione. FREts VIDGERATE. PROSPECTUS and REFERENCES ON APPLICATION.

gd 0 ths , BUOtIttOSCOt tit.

TAINING ROOMS —BUSINRSS on Sale; ding good trade; _LI bad beitith cause of leaving.— 84,OLDDs31 RD. Rochdale BLACKPOOL. Well-established CO MPAo, Y- HOUSE BUSINESS for DISPOSAL; inspection. invited.-43. TYLDEBLEY RD.

ON SALE, FRIED FISH AND CHIP POTATO BUSI- NESS ; good reasons for leaving.—Apply 128, CHAPEL LANE, Wigan.

ORBOA BR. —Splendid GENE RAG and FANCY .11`1. DR kPRILY BUSINESS. Prosperous Company House. Furnished Houses. Auctioneer's Business at Kendal.—JoHN HOLLAND. Morecambe.

wIGAN.—ON SALE, an 014-established VEL D and CHIP BUSINESS, in main thoroughfare. Two stoves, potato waeberpeeler. Other businesses reason for giving up.-9, STINDISHGLTE PLA.CE.

BLACKPOOL.--An old-established FISH, I'OULTIIY. and GANN BUSINEISS to be Disposed of, In principal thoroughf4re ; satisfactory reason given for leaving ; season now commencing.- Reply H. CooP, Mayfield avenue.Blackpl

BOORK SHOP.—Gooci position in busy district ; excellent living accommodation ; modern slaughter-house ; gas engine, chopping and filling machines, scales, and fie-up c cheap.—WHITTAKER, 661.. Bolton rd., Beadle- boni complete; uryp.leMan cheater.

TO PARTIES WANTING A SOUND BUSINESS IN LIVERPOOL. NANDBROW ACCOUNTANTS. TRANSFER BUSINESS AGENTS AND VALUERS, RSTABLIBHED 1875. WILL BUY, SELL, OR VALUE ANY 'LASS OF BUSINESS, STOCKS. OR MACHINEity, WILL FIND YOU A PARTNER WITH 5 TO £50009 NO SALE, NO CHARGE. SOUTH JOHN STR BET, LIVERPOOL.

glotor CEO, eptivs, tte.

- TANDEM (2 Gents),splendid conditionoacrifiNa £3 17a. 6d. 1 —SELDEN, 16 !Jevons rd., Bow. London, E, --- ----_____ _-- Tr ING OYCLR BRAKE, admitled best. 8s 61, each. with 11 °min.—M.lcm, 120, Pym St., Nottingham.

FOLDING MAlLOART.reclioing back, Atrong and durable. P.O. 2s. 11d. —ATKINSoN, 1 Payddelton Square, London. LADY'S high guide BICYCLE free wheel brake, to be sold cheap.—To be seen at 157, WARGRAVE ROAD, Harlestown.

EINT'S RALSIGH, Suit youth about 17; good 35,. Gcondition ; accessories ; may be inspected.-28, PERCY STREET, Warrington,

£5 10/ I,,;,7lTiseeCliovptornyt IfLGLardice.Bi7iclem, months guarantee.Accenorles,chesp.-16, NARROW WINE Sr. Bristol,

a GRAND LINE, Outer Covers with New Rubber., all Pi sizes, ss. 6a. Guaranteed Mr Tubes, 2.. 6.1. Complete British Cycle, 78 6d; list free—RIBBLE CYCLE Co,Preston

/lorges, TarringO. tbe *tork srr

FOR SALE, Alexandra Drag. in good condition, with rubber tvres.—Applv, after 6, no dealers, DERRY. Rock lane East, Rock Ferry, Cheshire.

HORSIM—Heavy Town Light Dirry COBS and PONIES always for sale. Also Store pigs.—Apply Incictssotc, Merchant, Ormskirk.

STORS PIGS, all sizes, delivered direct; from breeder In Anglesey. All orders carefully attended to.—ThyLon, Newton-le-Willows.

(AN SALB HORSBS, Carts, and Carriages, Lock-up Shop kf with cellar, Space for Stall. Store-room to Let.—BurrEn- . WaRTH York Street, Blackpool.

ITBSICO SUDORIFIC for lame or unsound Horses.— V Vesico Sudorific is the quickest, safest, and most famous remedy for Splint. Spavin, Ringbone, Sidebone, Capned Hock and Blbovv, Curb, Windgall, Tumours. Weak Legs, &c. Price 2s. 6d. or 55., of Chemists, or post free —GREGORY SG Co.. Temple, Bristol.

IMPORTANT SALE AT THE OLD MUSIC HALL' MARKET PLACE (OVER POST OFFICE), WARRINGTON ‘4I3:4SRS. HICKMAN & SON have received 'IL instructions from a Gentleman who is giving up housekeeping to SELL BY AUCTION, without reserve on THURSDAY NEXT, July 21st, 1904, the whole of the valuable HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, Cottage Pianoforte, Oil Paintings Pictures, and effects,being the contents of four Bedrooms,Drawing Room,Dining Hoorr,Breakfast Room and Kitchen, removed to the above place for convenience of sale. bale to commence at one o'clock prompt. Goods on View on Wednesday hext until six o'clock in the evening, N.B.—The Auctioneers wish to call special attention to the sale. AUCTION OFFICES. LYME-STREET AND ARFLEY-STREET. Te,ephone No. 3341

BY MR. JOHN MAGINN. IMPORTANT TO FURNITURE MAOUFACTURERS, DEALERS. AND HOITSH FURNISHERS. SALE BY AUCTION without reserve, for the benefit of Creditors, re HENRY HOUGH, under deed of assignment- ON WEDNESDAY AND THURSDA Y, JULY 20TH AND 238 T. AT THE ROY AL COURT SALdIiOOKS, RYLANDS STREET. WARRINGTON. R. JOHN MAGI N HAS BEKN INSTRUCTED IT I by Mr.CH LLO N ER, John Dalton- street. Ma =heater, Trustee to the above Estate, to Sell by Auction, without re- serve,onthe above dates,the entire Manufacturera and dealers' Stock of HOUSE FURNITURE,HARDWA.RELBEDSTHADS, BEDDING. CARPETS, AND FLOOR COVERINGS, being the salvage of the Recent Fire at the Shop and Warehouse, 18 and 20, Mersey-street, Warrington. (Goods removed for convenience of sale to the above address,. Only a part of the goods offered for sale are seriously damaged, as the greater part of the stock was stored in separate warehouses to which the fire did not extend, there- fore most of the goods are perfect. The Stook in brief consists as follows :—Dining and area*. ing-room Suites, Bedroom chests of Drawers, pairs of Bed- room Stands, Kitcheu Dressers, Kitchen Tables,. Sidebosxds, Chiffoniers, Bedroom Suites, Hall Stands,. Dining Tables. Kitchen Chairs, Bedroom Chairs, Clocks, Fenders and Fir Irons,. Hearth Rugs and Carpets, Bedsteads and wir Mattresses, Wool Mattresses, Wool Beds, Hair Mattresses Oilcloths and Linoleurns, Wringing Machines, Toilet Ware and Crockery, Wood Belsteads, Children's Cots, Over- mantels, Pier G'asses, Ac., Ac—Several Oil Paintings and Water Odours of local scenery by Drinkwater a number of Bedroom Suites and Stands unpolished, quantity of Timber, a large number of Chair and Table Legs, Carved Panels, Ac., and many other articles too numerous to mention, Stock on view on Tuesday, July 19th. Sale to commence each day at 2 o'clock. For further particulars apply tJ JOHN MAGINN, Royal Court Salerooms, Rylands-street, Warrington. N.B.—ln order to meet the requirememts of buyers of large or small lots, the goods when convenient will be offered singly, leaving the YurJhasers the option of taking any number they may require, and any articles will be put up for sale on either day, at any time they are asked for by intending purchasers.

ROBERT Lows, ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER, ez VALUER Office and balerooms : No. 1, BANK-STEKET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Second-band Fnrniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture. U.. warehoused.

i/m6es anti Kant! an 'ale.

MIOR SALE, two shops (one shut up. could be made one). _l2 stsble, coach-house, loft. splendid house. One best positions Cardiff. —Apply OWNER, 8, Grove lid, Brixton. E-1111381HOLD LAND, in many counties, for Cottage, Shop 1 Ferns or Mansion,Plots from LW each or £2O per acre good roads,payable by instalments,free deeds. Also Houses, shops, Bungalows.—Mr. BRAKE, Farnborough, Hants.

1--)R. SCOTT'S PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER COMPLAINTS, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS HEADACHE, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF APPETITE, DR. SCOUT'S PILLS COSTIVENESS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR, SCOTT'S PILLS MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices le..lid. and 2s. 9d.

ASK YOUR BAKER FOR "VEDA" BREAD, THE MOST DIGESTIBLE, DELICIOUS AND NUTRITIOUS. EVERY LOAF IN A SEALED WRAPPER. AGENTS :- J. 10FT AND SON, 98, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

MCDO WELLS, LIMITED, MASKERY'S COACH WORKS - WARRINGTON AND NORTH WIWI. All kinds of CARRIAGES in Scock, or Built to Orier. REPAIRS and RENOVATIONS carried out, EXPEDITIOTJSLY, ECONOMICALLY, SATISFACTORILY. PATENT NECW CONSTRUCTION BROUGH AM, VERY LIGHT AND STRONG. Every description of MOTOR CAR BODY to order. ESTIMATES AND TESTIMONIALS ON AP.LICATION. TJlephone 409 x, Warrington.

HARGRAVES TOBACCOS. , }TAB. HARGRAVES' CIGARS 70 I IYr 4.119. HARGRAVES' CIGARETTES.) .-' MANUFACTORY: SWAN-BMM. MANCHESTER.

2/6 PEI (}3OHTTLEINRCLIUDA.EDI QUART ...) SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9,4/6 AND 5/3 mu QUART, 118, 2/-, 2/6. 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BROS, WINE MERCH ANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.)

I OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. Latchford Baptist Church. There were large congregations at this church ea Sunday when the anniversary services were held. Mr, C. E. Parker, president of the Free Church Council, gave an address in the morning to the young people,and those who had the training of children. The preacher at the afternoon and evening services was the Rev. J. G. Greenough, M.A., of Dunton Bassett, near Lutter- worth ex-president of the Baptist Union and National Free Church Council. His afternoon text was taken from Romans xv. 13, and Mr. Greenough gave an in- teresting exposition of Paul's gospel of hope and of a message to the present age. In the evening the preacher took for his subject "Esau, that profane person." His sermon consisted of an analysis of the various forms of modern profanity and a plea for fidelity to conscience.. During the services well-rendered anthems were con- tributed by the chair, Mr. Peter Harrison being the organist. The free-will offerings for the day t amounted to £2O. Buckley-street Methodist Free Church. The Sunday school anniversary services were held at this church on Sunday. In the morning and afternoon, a large procession of Sunday scholars took place headed by the P.S.A. Brass Band under the leadership of Mr. A. Taylor. The morning service was conducted by Councillor Brough, who gave a discourse on " Antipas was my faithful martyr. In the afternoon, a musical service was rendered by members of tha Warrington Baptist and Buckley-street choirs (under theleadership of Mr. T. Brough) and the children's choir • (under the leadership of Mr. Albert Trow.) The service was interspersed with solos by Miss Eckersley, whose sweet sopfano voice was ' heard to great advantage in the solo, "Sun of my , soul," and M'r. S. Hassan effectively rendered " Come unto me." Mr. Atkinson was the accompanist. The', chair was occupied by Mr. Ben Few. In the evening ; the service was conducted by the Rev. H. Duunico, who, took for his text " In that day there shall be a fountain. opened to the. house of David,. and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem for sin and uncleanness." The choirs again rendered some pleasing anthems-during the evening set— vice, great praise being due to Mr. A. Trow for his careful training of the children. Miss M. Plinston, A.L.C.M., presided at the organ at all the services. The collections amounted to £5 15s. Bd. Heroes of Shipwreck and Social Wreck. The subject of the Rev. J. rouge's discourse in Wycliffe Congregational Church, on Sunday evening, was "Heroes of shipwreck, and heroes of social wreck." The text was: "Out of weakness were made strong: waxed valiant in fight." Dealing with the recant heroes of shipwreck, the terrible tale of the I sea unfolded at Grimsby was graphically described. Instances were given to show the " resplendent record" and the" magnificent displays of the heroines of the men of the sea " ; and the preacher observed that tin the last resort, when they had to choose between their own in- terests, welfare and actual safety, and those of others, let them say, "Others first." That N' yas the rule of the ways of God. It was the rule of the followers of Jesus Christ, the rule illustrated and formulated by the Great' Example. It would many times involve peril, risk, suffering, even possibly actual loss, but it led to honour and to immortality. The rev, gentleman then asked the congregation to transfer their thoughts to another wonderfully inspiring and instructive scene. It was not a scene of wreck, but, in more senses than one, a magni- ficent scene of salvation. The work of General Booth and the Salvation Army in reaching the masses was described, as well as the recent memorable spectacle in• which the General figured, a spectacle so telling and impres- sive that only one newspaper oP prominence had spoken of it in language of disparagement. The preacher added that there would he a great rush of loyal folk shortly %hen the King came to Liverpool to lay the stone of the new cathedral; it would no doubt be a scene of great interest and excitement, but he would sooner have seen the old General at the Crystal Palace in the midst of the thousands that had been converted to Christ by his soldiers, and many of them raised up from the deepest conceivable depths of social wreckage. Talk of heroes and heroism! Did ever the world see a truer heroism than that not only of the General himself, who wen out unhelped, unsupported to his great career, but also of the multitudes of his Salvation soldiers and lasses, who'had gone to the lowest haunts, to the vilest slums. and the worst of reprobates, down to the very scum of the social sink? They had "plucked brands from the burning," and rescued the drowning souls from the' deeps of sin and misery, and carried Satan's captives- triumphantly out of his very clutches. He (the speaker). had called attention to the matter, because it seemed• to him that Christians of every name, and churches of every order were challenged by General Booth and his army to a new an d finer consecration.

ECEEENNErnerranagnallinalligniall....ll.llloollllllollll.llll.l . _ 44 ' ‘:2.o. •4. . 4 , v %-. Ala Vaal It The most wholesome snel delicious of all summer drinks is "Eiffel Tower" Lemonade. Two gallons can be 4Z)VI I made to perfection from a 4id, bottle. Dr. A. B. Griffiths, -.ram...- the famous food analyst, says:—"lt is impossible to produce Lemonade of a higher standard of excellence." I 7,.; ,e A CIL BOTTLE MAKES TWO GALLONS OF HOME-MADE 1 . -:,fr..... Ir. j/11- • / ---"1"61111111 AWFUL GOOD..

U.W.R. -SPECIAL NOTICE! !

Goddard's- Plate7_ Powder Cleaning Sitver.EleetroPiare.k Soki everywhere II; 2/o s. 4/6.

PASSIVE RESISTERS IN COURT. THREE CASES AT DARESBURY SESSIONS. _ Statements by the Revs. H. Dunnico and J. S. Hughes. --- The Court Room at Daresbury was on Tuesday the scene of passive resistance to the Education Act. Three defendants were summoned for the non-pay- ment of the education rate, namely, Rev. Herbert Dunnico, minister of the Baptist Church, G-olborne- street, Warrington, and living .in Fairfield-road, Stockton Heath; Rev. J. S. Hughes' 16, Bedford-street Stockton Heath, and minister of Hill Cliff° Baptist Church, and Mr. Henry Law,Whitefield-road, Stockton Heath. Mr. Law did not appear, but the Revs. H. Dunnico and J. S. Hughes succeeded in stating some of their objections to the Education Act, despite the attempt which was made to pin them down to legal objections. The magistrates on the bench were Mr. H. Neiid and Col. Ridgway. THE CASE AGAINST MR. DUNNICO. WHY HE REFUSES TO PAY THE RATE. The case against Mr. Dunnico was heard first. He was summoned for the non-payment of a portion of the rate amounting to 6s. 10d. the costs bringing the total amount to 9s. 10d'. Mr. Edwin Bradshaw, assistant overseer for Stockton Heath, said he applied for an order for payment of the amount due. The rates were made on the 22nd October and the sth May. They bad been duly allowed by the magistrates. He had duly demanded the payment of the rates. The Clerk (Mr. Hy. breenall) asked the defendant if he had any legal objection to take. Defendant: I beg to submit in the first place that the summons is not correct, because I am charged with refusing to pay the poor rate or any part thereof. I have already a receipt from the assistant overseer for the greater portion of the rate and in the second place I have not refused to pay it. The portion I have refused to pay is a rate demanded to support sectarian schools under private management. The clerk: That is not a legal objection. You know that perfectly well. Defendant: You have put me to some inconvenience ; in coming here. I claim the same right as other people ' to state very briefly my position. The Clerk: You are entitled to take a legal objec- tion to the payment of the rate. There is only one course for you to take. Defendant : I refuse to pay the rate for the reasons I have stated, namely, for the up-keep and teaching of doctrines with which I differ, and which I believe to 131 pernicious and detrimental to the highest welfare of the nation. I also refuse to pay a rate to aid in the carrying out of an Act which excludes Nonconformists from one half of the schocls in the country. Moreover the act is unconstitutional— Colonel Ridgway: I don't see that it is necessary to hear all that. The Clerk: You must take a legal objection. The Chairman: We are here to carry out the law however much we may have sympathy with you. Defendant: Even on legal grounio I could quote Dicey and Holt (Professor Dicey and Lord Holt) but I do not want to waste the time of the Bench. If I give a legal objection you will still be compelled to levy the rate. I hope, however, you will grant me the indulgence to state my position, because I am in the position of being able to put you to the inconvenience of taking my body, but I don' wish to de so. Colonel Ridgway: We understand what your object- tions are. You are a conscientious objector? Defendant : Yes, sir. Colonel Ridgway: From a legal point of view you have to pay the rate. We all have to do the same. The Clerk (to the Bench) : You simply make the order. Colonel Ridgway: This is only a waste of the Court's time, and your own time. The Clerk (after turning to the Bench) : The order is made. • Defendant: I thank you for your courtesy. I refuse to pay. I have stated my objections. Colonel Ridgway: I quite understand you. • THR CASE OF MR. LAW. The next case was against Mr. Henry Law, Whitefield road, Stockton Heath. The Rev. J. S. Hughes: Mr. Law is sorry he cannot be here to answer for himself. I have promised to appear for him. The Clerk stated that in this case the amount due was 9s. Bd. Mr. Bradshaw gave evidence as to the levying of the rate, ecc. A similar order was made as in the last case. MR. HUGHES ASKS FOR FOUR MINUTES. The Rev. J. Samuel Hughes, 16, Bedford-street, Stockton Heath, and minister of Hill Cliff° Baptist Church, was summoned in respect of Bs. 10d. balance of rate and costs due. The Clerk: Do you admit that? Defendant: Yes, sir. I admit that. Mr. Bradshaw gave evidence proving the debt. The Clerk (to defendant) : Have you any legal ob- jection to take to this rate? Defendant : I have no legal objection, but there are some things that may be legally right that are morally wrong. I have been a ratepayer inithe district for a considerable number of years, rand it is exceedingly grievous to me to have to appear in court in answer to a matter like this. And the circumstances being ex- ceptional. I think that men in our position ought to have some special reason for the position we are taking up. We have that special reason, and if you will per- mit me four minutes by the clock I will tell you those reasons. The Clerk: Oh, no, sir! Defendant: There will be more time wasted in in- terruptions if I am not free from them. The Clerk : There will be no time wasted in inter- ruptions because you have to conform to a court of justice. Defendant: I take exception to the statement on my summons. The Clerk : That won't do. Defendant: The summons states that I have not paid the poor rate or any part thereof. It is absolutely untrue. I have never refused to pay the poor rate. have paid so far as I am aware every penny of it. Colonel Ridgway: I think you might say you are a conscientious objector ? Defendant : I am. Colonel Ridgway: That is enough. Defendant: I think a person in my position ought to be allowed to give exceptional reasons for the course he is taking. The Clerk: No,Mr. Hughes, it is not so. You are in a court of justice and a court of law, and the only thing you cart do is to raise a question of law. You admit the legality of the rate made and therefore your objection is not a legal one because the rate has been duly made and allowed by the magistrates. Colonel Ridgway: I think you have ; ained all you want. You want to appear as a conscientious objector. If you want to say anything else you can hire the Parr Hall, or go into some countryplace, and have a meeting but while in a court of law you must conform to the law. The Clerk: In a court of law you must have a legal objection. • Defendant: I thoroughly understand that, but at the same time, you allow other witnesses, as we have seen here this morning, to travel considerably from the point and I shall not take more than three minutes of your time if free from interruption. The Clerk: You are not entitled to take up the time of the court. Defendant: I can only thank you. Colonel Ridgway : We quite understand your posi tion. Defendant : I object on religious grounds, on the unfairness of the Act-- Colonel Ridgway: Excuse me. Hold a public meet- ing in some public place. Defendant : All right we will have a public meeting. The order for payment of the rate was then made. AN APPLI CAT/ON. A few minutes later Mr. Hughes, addressing the magistrates, said: I appls to have the orders put to- gether on one form. The Clerk: No, I advise the Bench not to do that. Defendant: It is done in some courts. ' The Clerk : Some courts have made one rule, some another. The Assistant Overseer said the overseers had no ob- jection. The Clerk : That alters the matter. Very well then. - • Defendant : We have no wish to be obstreperous. The application was granted.

RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS. __— The fortnightly meeting of this authority was held at, Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. T. Baxter presid- ing. There were also present :—Messrs. J. Douglas, W. M. Morris, and J. W. Temperley (representatives of Runcorn ,the members of the Rural District Council,and Messrs G. F. Ashton (clerk),W.E. Hough(deputy clerk), J. Cook,W. Riley and W. R.de Prez (relieving officers), and J. Cunuah (workhouse master). THE CLERK GOING TO CAMP. The Clerk was granted leave of absence from the next Board meeting as he will be at camp with the Runcorn Volunteers. COMBINATION AND CLASSIFICATION QUESTIONS. In forwarding a resolution passed by the sub-com- mittee appointed by the General Conference Committee of the North-Western Poor Law Conference District, Mr. George Macdonald wrote that the suggestions were that the Lancashire Asylums Board should arrange for the erection of buildings of a plain and inexpensive char- acter for the accommodation of harmless chronic lunatics and imbeciles chargeable to the rates of the County of Lancaster, and that the Cheshire County Council should be approached on the provision of separate asylum accommodation for paupers of the same class charge- able to the Cheshire Unions. The Lancashire Asylums Board had agreed to the proposals, and had decided to submit to the Lunacy Commissioners a scheme for separate asylum accommodation for chronic, harmless insane patients and imbeciles in less expensive buildings than the existing asylums. The resolution asked the Cheshire County Council to follow the example of the Lancashire County Council. THE CHAPLAIN'S HOLIDAYS. The Rev. L. D. Lyon Bennett, chaplain to the Work- house, wrote that he was leaving home for a change, and would not return until August sth. In the mean- time the Sunday services would be taken by the Rev. Joseph Llewellyn, assistant curate of Kirkbey, near Liverpool. ADMIRAL JONES-PARRY AND THE MEDICAL OFFICERS Admiral Jones-Parry gave notice that at the next meeting he would move that when vacancies aruse in the list of medical officers the appointments be subject to annual confirmation ; also that the salary of the medical officer for the Budworth District be reduced from £lOO to £BO. THE COST OF SCHOOL BUILDINGS. Mr. Collier gave notice that at the next meeting he would move that the County Council be requested to reconsider the proportion payable by them towards the cost of building provided schools, and that in fixing the amount they should take into consideration the current rate and ratable value of the parish in which such schools were to be erected. FINANCIAL-THE VACCINATION FEES. Mr. Woodward presented the financial statement which showed that the payments included £92 3s. 9d. for vaccination fees. As compared with the June quarter of last year the amount was a reduction of about £3l. It was ,410 less than the payment for the March quarter of this year. The charge for the main- tenance of lunatics in the County Asylum during the quarter was £3BB 3s. 11d, as compared with £398 Bs. lid. in March. There were cheques for £26 for the main- tenance of children in Pantasaph Orphanage and £7 16s. for the maintenance of two boys at Buckley Hall, Rochdale. The general statement.of accounts showed a balance in hand of £lBl 3s. 2d. The report was adopted. DR. MCDOUGAL'S LEAVE OF ABSENCE. The Clerk was instructed to write to Dr. McDougal asking him in future to inform the Board who would discharge his duties in the event of his absence from Runcorn at any tiine. It was stated that the other medical officers had always made a practice of furnishing this information when they took holidays. • COLONEL WALKER'S VOTE IN PARLIAMENT. In the House of Commons on Monday, during the discussion on the Licensing Bill, Mr. Lloyd George' moved to disallow the vote of the hon. member for Widnes (Colonel Hall Walker) on the ground that the hon. member had a direct personal pecuniary interest in the vote. The amendment related to the distribution of a fund to be raised for compensation for the non- renewal of Licences. By the amendment, the owner of licensed premises would have his compensation money reduced by the amount of the servants' wages for three months, and the compensation given to the licencee. The hon. member for Widnes would be directly affected by the passing of the amend- ment. On 30th April, 1901, on a motion to disallow the vote of Mr. Macartney, who was a director of the London and North-Western Railway Company, the Speaker said it was for the House itself to decide I whether a member voting had a direct pecuniary interest or not. In 1896, a committee sat to consider this ques- tion of members' votes, and Mr. Speaker Peel said, "It was for the House to decide in each individual case before it, whether a member has a direct interest in the vote given." (Opposition cheers.) The present was distinctly a case whicit ought to be left to the House to I decide. (Renewed Opposition cheers.) He moved that the vote be disallowed.—The Chairman declined to accept the motion, stating that a member was entitled to vote on a question of a public and general nature, which incidentally involvedi,the pecuniary interest of a class, including the member.

CROP'S PATENT PIPE. (PATENT: No. 16333.) •••••••••.= This inventi-m effectually prevents any moisture or nicotine either entering the mouth or coming in contact with the tobacco. Any con-lensation which might take place i, immediately dried up by the absorber (E) so that the smoke is not only cool but ' entirely free from acridity caused by dampness. iWholesale of CHARLES CROP and SONS. Brooksby's Walk, Homerton, London, E. Retail of all Tobacconists Price front 1/6.

- - --_ , - ... • ,''..,',C _ • : ‘ , C e 7; ' , - / .7-.; D'• : • :,•,c ' ' i : ',/` "6 ~.., „ • .„,„., ..,••• ..., -,•• .-/fo,L.-.•••• -=-',-.•;-.: ' - - • 0 .:,, ,(7";,• ~ ~....., , ...?„-, '•4o:,;•'' -

ONE £l2 12 NET GRADE ONLY.. OR 2EI 1 0 THE BEST. PREMTE, MONTHLY ILLUSTRATED B I CYCLES PREMIER BOOKLET CYCLE CO. Lci. WITH HELICAL TUBING. POST FREE. COVENTRY.

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S' PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. A RECORD CURE! AN INFALLIBLE REMEDY ! ! 32, Archer-street, Breakfast Creek, Bayswater, Brisbane Queensland London, W. Dear Sir,—Some 15 years ago I had the misfortune Dear Sir,—Sunday night my big toe pained me, on be attacked with Rheumatic Gout. I tried nearly all Monday it was much worse and in the evening I could the doctors here, but they did not do me much good. I scarcely walk. At 6 p.m. worse, for a bottle of your saw your advertisement and obtained some of your Gout Pills, and took two at once. At 9.30 I was much pills, and I can assure you quickly got relief. When I relieved, and could eat my supper. I took another feel any of the pains coming on, two or three pills gen_ before going to bed, and although so hot I got a fair erallY take them away. Many of my friends have used night's rest. I have taken two more pills to-day, and them, and all say they are an infallible remedy. For now, at 6.30, lam alright again. This is a record cure. myself, I say there are none to equal them. Yours truly, Yours truly PHILIP BRANS. S. L. HOVVMAN. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all in- injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. Lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS

SMOKE HEALS WOUNDS. We sometimes hear of lockjaw resulting from running a pin or rusty nail into the hand or foot. If every person were aware of a perfect remedy for such wounds and would apply it, then such reports would cease. The remedy, states an American contemporary, is simple, always at hand, can be applied by anyone, and, what is better, is infallible. It is simply to smoke the wound or any wound that is bruised or inflamed with a woollen cloth. Twenty minutes in the smoke will take the pain out of the worst case of inflammation arising from such a wound. People may sneer at this remedy as much as they please, but when they are afflicted with such wounds let them try it. It is a simple "aseptic "or germ-killer.

THOUSANDS OF PERSONS Testify that Holdroyd's Gravel Pills are a positive cure for Gray Al. Lumbago, and Pains in the Back. Dropsy. Wind, Water Complaints, Diseases of the Kidneys, Gout, Sciatica, and Rheuliatism. Try one box; if not satisfied money returned. is. lid. all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps. Holdroyd's Medical Hall, CleckLeaton, Yorks.

a % o r] a Q/

L 11,...„

THOUSANDS SOLD IN A MONTH. Boots delight every Wearer. BOX CALF, GOLOSH GLAZE. KID LEG, 10/6. Size, Shape and P.O. to A. FUGUE, Oakham Rutland. Used Successfully 34 Years. ll'or Eczema, Burns, Scalds, Ring- worms, Wounds, Sores, aud Skin Eruptions of every kind. IT WILL CURE YOU. Prices 71d., 1/4, and 2/9. Sold by all Chemists, or post free from E. B. WHITEHOI7SE, 114 BEARWOOD RD., SMETHWICK.

o tes ("WADE MARK OINTMENT oitirrt Hotisr. rinnwooo. 11.0.C1K

PEEK, FREAN & CO.'S ".-VANESSA '",(Regd) BISCUITS.

ea s v.olcist el 11"--s CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVINC ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens awl Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes 1/1/. of all Chemists. . EETHAM & SON. Chemists, CULTENHA

FOR THE BLOOD r.S THE LIFE CLARKE'S woRLD-FAmEo BLOOD MIXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who hay received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes an further to say: " It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to ‘ight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising, For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blood Diseases Pimples, and sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. It! is the only real specific for Gout and Hheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testinxonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and lls. each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY ...;;;OOLN. Beware of worthless imitirktions.

The BEST WATCHES are I BENS q N9S" LMAKE."N Unequalled for Accuracy, Durability, and Strength. Buy of the Actual Makers and Save ONE - TIBEIFUD. In Silver Cases. InlB-ct Gold Cases. ?•-_,t• :111r. 44\ (19 : . --- BENSON'S WORLD FAMOUS `LUDGA.TE' ct , \ _ • \ 10, . : i /AS ' \ ' --- ' ' BEST, and STRONGEST, London Made / k \ \ - A t / 44,• itill'''' / \ \---.: Lever TZIVaRtEchE. - QUARTER PLATE English i . ''' '''..., I -,..\ \ ;.:' - Chronometer Balance, all Latest Improvements, I i --, Silver Cases with Crystal Glass. .7 i , ---7&---49 *.i ; .:- Made in Three Sizes, at one Price, £5 ss. , I' `l'' ' ' .4., In Massive 18 ct. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, £l2 i2s. Ladies', £lO 10s. ~: y OR ON " \llll Z-9 V C Ennui t 7 SYSTEM - OF MONTHLY PAYMENTS „ --„,4:-: At same Prices as for CASH. tit" iii,, •..): , IN , 1: '''., ' • '-- - - Pearls, £l.ss. GEM RINGS. Brilliant, Sapphires, R n zt) el .sosr. -'7714 10 000 ! ALWAYS IN STOCK AT MAKERS CASH PRICES. ILLUSTRATED BOOK of Watches, Clocks, 44 yl. ~,•‘74.-, :' Brilliants and Chains, Rings, Brooches, " Imperial " Plate, Sapphires, Z 2. 10s. Cutlery and Bags. POST FREE. Brilliants, £4.45. The Premier Watchmakers IW. ,Ltd., of the World. FACTORY: 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON, LC. .

.. , , . . i- • -, '.... - " . . • .., .. '...Y4 • . ) ' •:•''',:'' : . _... " ''... • t • ;7' ' . • Fir lIIIIIIIMIIIINPGIPIIIIIIIMIIIIIINIII OW PITTS'S GREAT STOCKTAKING SALE NOW ON. .DIM'S HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 15k, . , , . ..-. • •:1 - I k ' •t. -.7 ii.,.,... .11.- 22i, 38i, 50, 'lb. 100, 200, up to 3,000 guineas • 'l'", II 1 i 0, 'l9 ft..- •-•-'-' SPECIALLY AUGMENTED in QUALITY and 1,...4m ... , . , .. 1 t .4._.r1j.it5F71,11-elii QUANTITY of articles for this Sale, far SURPASS ~. ;-,....,„,,.:,..._ immasi i ,_.... 0,10 t i„.....-; .. ;,,,,--.- ... others. Full particulars and PITTS'S FURNISHING GUIDE, containing 800 artistic designs priced Post • 1111•1111111111MMIMINIIIIIIIMPOD 411111111111MMIDO Free. Cash quotations only. Easy Payments ants 10 per cent extra. ._ 1 Nalfl6e.Vown. . p I TATHSA' SI, FS PE C GUINEAI A L B it R G _THIRTY-EIGHT_ _ _ _ .._ .. _A_N_ _1:0 AiN.—DiNiNbi-Kuum is pa3ling too much for furniture 1" includes nice Suite in leather or saddlebags, imposing I ' and is not being Sideboard, massive Dining Table, elaborate Brass Rail thROPERLY FURNISHED Fender and Brasses, Floorcloth or Bordered Carnet, nice design ; Hearthrug, Cornice Pole, and Pair of either. The other halt goes to Curtains. DRAWING-ROOM; Capital Suite in plain 1 PIT T Sillsl or figured velvet tapestry or raddlebags, Centre Table, artistic Cabinet, grand Overrnantel, Carpet. Rug, Fender, and Fire Brasses, Cornice Pole, and Pair of Lace Curtains. BEST BEDROOM; Handsome IPatronised by Royalty, Nobility, &c., andgets T- tSTIC. DURABLE ARTMEeSt at about HALF usual coat. Suite, Polished % alnut, Satin Walnut, or Mahogany AR. fitted with brass handles ; substantial full-sized Brass and Enamelled Bedstead, Wool Overlay, Bolster, and , Two Pillows ; Bordered Carpet, Toilet Service, Cornice You be wise also, and effect Great Saving. Pole, and Pair of Lace Curtains. SECOND BED. Prises Lowest Posse bl 4. ROOM : Suite and other requisite Articles, similar Style— to above. KITCHEN : Set of. Table Chairs, Arm- Pot Possible. Chair, Table, Fender, and Fireirons. Ploorelotb, and I London Road ~.--,,-,--0--------=,,----•-.4 Hearthrug. STAIRS AND LANDING, fitted with Oilcloth, Carpet, Stair Ibis and Byes, Door Nix ts Established 1845. Telephone 5124- Brass Plates, !Lc. This is a splendid lot, thoroughly eammaniomminmasammumo ig reliable. Compare it with any 'l5 guinea lot in th ''' - city. _ . I 'l._yli. 4i I -..i.t.at,;.% I ;1,..4.; ': _l_ . 4-I.if,c...iitai;, • —Ey !tiii.`,- ~IAfrIF-4,;„;111--f,..i.rii.' tile& Ift n ii,70.... ir4t.-As,,;.iLk '!I JO t.,1,, NO FIRM IN THE KINGDOM CAN BEAT US FOR :A.A. ,reli6 -eitir--,,...7 i QUALITY AT OUR LOW PRICES. If L : iiirlt !,.. L,_.,..a . PITTS'S, MANCHESTER. V - ' ./ 11111//affaileaMMONM

K E AT I N C'S POWDER! - Bucs FLEAS MOTHS B _ <;' 4. EE-rLFS P4s - Tins, 3d- 6d.&lb.

ro )IrD p , ( ( R0)11 UST :1!) pOWDlitit Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Custard is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO EMS! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!
