===== 0002601_19040723_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
5 011 g the pre- aere beer' cora; root'

===== 0002601_19040723_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
5 the whe; Ipe° war, 0 g°

heihr ' it- yi of rd9S

rrkgt ogle cou, Of et" ftli'l`7

MPIR FURNISHING CO.. 300 AND 302, 'OK PORT-RD., (1.-ns-M. (Corner of MILTONS teitt4), m ANC 14 HSTAR, ItoblAsuiNs, BBTTRR QUAL:IT Y MRS. and LOWER TERM -L4rl any other house in Manchester, and, above all, the I)4‘Pil ES QUITE OPTIONAL. Mancheiter and surrounding districts tr„;,,,.‘e are thousands of would-be purchamers who ble at the idea of the Hire Purchase System. INATB FRIENDS AND NERVOUS RE. lONS ‘aY avoid th.-Hire System. Wily? pl.,l3'esuse they don't know THE EMPIRE 13,1":01INISHING CO. and their methods of doing torr,`"llB, and that they like tc, treat their cus- til„—e" .8 they would like to be trested ; and Tii,7 DON'T ASK YOU TO SIGN ANY 0 EJRC- kr 1 kELIII AGREEMENT. 44* `it BECAUSE, `7ou are 370t1 meet with an Accident, 6' You lose your situation, r b'•ve any other misfortune, \I PI RE WILL SAY You are unable to pay we don't expect, vu ;"'"v • and in no Case do their customers ever it)g 1151(*t1 the value of the money they have already AND SEE THEM, YOU NEED NOT BUY Cet, --Nues of Terms are sent Post Free.f or

their Re-presentative will call on receipt of Post Ward. 4 0 opt - I R FURNISHING C 0.., -.l4;ft 300, TOCKPORTIROAD. •.`43 9 p.ra. ; Wed n esday.l9 am. to 1 p.m.

A. AND J. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, ."-ND SILVERSM.THS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from, Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD 9.ND WINER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with /tato( Parlianten Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, enina, Marble Ciotti. Pictures, Zee., ac.. always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BAIZ4AINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY, LADIEb' sad GENTLEMEN'S RINGS. SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, &a., Ac We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES LIY FOSI RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLER REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Low _fiC9B in Liverpool for Gold Chains. Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES BRACELETS, !cc. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. M'LAINE'S RICHMOND fREET, LIVERPOOL.

JOHN WALKER AND CO. EXAMINER OFFICE,

BEWSRY-STRERT WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 355 Y. COAL MERCHANTS' TICK 4;TB, Billheads, Memorandums, &a.

EXAMINER OFFICE,

WARRINGTON

TRADE PRINTING of every description.

May be inspected and Estimates obtain ed at the Office, INVOICES for Grocers, Shoemakers, Cloggers Butchers, Bakers, Plumbers, Publicans, &a.

r T 1 -1T "' t ELEPHON E ' O. 000 .

ALL kinds of BOORS BOUND in any style from the simplest!to the moat elaborate. pROSPECTUSES & BALANCE-SIIEKTS. pLACARDS. in Black and Coloured Inks, .t 1 any size or pattern, and on any colour of paper. PRICE Lisrsf Printedid on curd or paper Illus- trated,

...-08. WALKER AND CO„ ,4 EXAMINER 'OFFICE,

JOHN W (1 ALKER AND Co

EXUAIINBE OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

PLACARDS. EXTRA LARGE SIZE OUR speciality.

ADDRESSES. Pamphlets. Secretaries Reports Ice., printed in any size and quantity.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
_.....i11i11i • '..5: ' ',lig., li ~g. .., ' . . ..• ,•,6,

===== 0002601_19040723_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
fElonep

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEAFLI. B. fi A HRIS, 2, KING-STREET, lIAI;LEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET. CHKSTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £l2 to 21.000. ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. PA 11 TI En wishing for temportiry CASH ADVANJES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED TUE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING To ;:isK. VHE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSIBM OF SMALL ItEPAYMONTS EXTENDING 1 OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THis BORROW ER. THE ABSENCE OF ALL FEES. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED, AND THE THANSACTIONs ARE NOT PUBLISHED IN ANY NENsPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SbCRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS IrEOEIVii IMMEDIATE ATTENTION 1 IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative m ill call personally upon applicants an.l complete the transactions at their own homes or places of business. My fair dealirg and reasonable charges are widely known, i and my reputation stands unrivalled.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Ilionen

REVERSIONS.—All classes of Reversions bought ; quick completions ; loans arranged at low rates.—M ortgage sectirities wanted at 3i to 4i per cent. Business T,•anster Agency.—T. SMITH WOR,,LEY, 26 Cooper street, Manchester.

INVBSTMHNT OFFND.—You can hear of one of the RR best opportunities of your life. Has earned over £1,00) per day,net profits for eight vears;will return 7i to 15per cent per annum, and is skfa.-It. NIsEBS, 9,oxford row Leeds.

£5, £7, £lO. £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back FAIR AND HONOURABLE DE kLINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FRHELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER : JOHN H. GOOD WIN. .13.--Established at this 1.4-Iross Twe Its, Years.

£lO, .£l5, £2O, £25, £50.-ADVANCE MADE to ALL PERSONS WORTHY of CREDIT, on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TERMS FOR SHola PERIODS.

NO DE-1,-A-Y-..--Visit- male byour .111'a-n.a-we-r-on—sa-rn-e. clay of application who will grant you the money AT ONCE I satisfactory. NOTE :

THE BRADFORD ADVANCE Cu., • (39, 11 AYEit ICK STREET NEAR THE MARKET PLACE nARL4QTO WN.

..£3 AND UPWARD-i. DONE' FAIL TO A: GIVE ITS A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE Lowwir INTEREST AND LOWlibr RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND.

£3 repayable 1s 6d weekly 220 repayable 7a 6d weekly. £5 „ 2 P 4„ £5O lie 64 „ £lO „ 3.1 64 ~ £lOO „ 39a 63 „ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALING-3 apply in eml- fldence to MATTRICE AND CO.. 31, CAIRO STREET. WARRINGTON. MINAGERESi. 'Kiss COTTSHILL. CASK DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. HOUR% 9 ainto 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTE VDRD TO.

MONEY! MONEY!! MONEY ! !I £5 TO £lOOO, To eaob and everyone a hearty invitation is offered before going elsewhere to call or write to m. in con- fidence and convince yourself that mine is the lowest Interest and lowest rate of repayment in Kngland. The entire charge £5 to repay £5 6s. Od. £lO to repay £l2 O. (Id. £2O „ „ £24 Os, Od. £lO „ £4B Os. Od.

Larger sums proportionAtely. No bona-fl ie anplicition refused. For honourable and straightforward dealing apply at once to J.JHNNINGS Manager(private house),9OkCADIOIY- ST.. WAICRINGTON. No delAy. Strictest pHs- tcy whether buslneis done or not. ()ash deliyerea on day of application. Distance no object.

IMPORTANT ANN •,UNCEMENT TO THE PUBLIC. wR ARE PRRPARED TO GRA'IT SPECIAL TERNTS TO ALL PERSONS BOW-LOWING MONEY FROM US. Do NOT I-4E811%1.TE. BUT WRITE AT ONCE. Wa.;:r OUR MANAGER WILL CALL UPON YOU AND GRANT You THE AnsourrT You REQUIRE. NOTE THE ADDRESS :; LTI E AST ,tTIZEIET , (NE •R THE COUNTY COURT), ST. HELENS. Established the last Century.

t?orsrs. Qvi)arriagrO. Eibt ,'i.tiarit &r

ON SALE, White POMERANIAN PUPPY, four months old otieap;oet dog and good ferreter.—Apply 53,:v 'GAN RD., Hindley, Wigan.

( SALE USHFUL BAY MAHN 14-2, eight year, oid.— Apply to T. HORNBT. Dog and liun, Long Lane, Aughton, near Ormakirk.

HORSKS.—Heavy Town Light Lerry OOHS and PONIHS always fo, s*le. Also Store pigs.—Apply DICKINSoir, Blerehmt, Orrnekirk.

STORH all siz m es, delivered direct fro breeder lii Anglesey. All orders carefully attended to --TAYLOR. Newton-le-Willows.

AN SALM, very smart, bright, bay COB, 14-2, rising 4. ',J onn,, quiet, snd good worker. Also TRAP and HARNHSB, together or separate. Price reasonable.-57, HIGH ST, West, Glossop.

VBSICO SUDORIFIC for lame or unsound Horses.— V Vesico Sudorific is the qulckeet, safest, nd most f.mous remedy for Splint, Spavin, liingbone, Sidebone, Capped Hock and Elbow, Oath, Windgall, Turniurs. Weak Legs, tkc. Price 2s. 6d. or Os., ot Chemists, or post free.—GREGORY CO., Temple, Bristol.

FDR BREBDING.—Must be sold. PECHIGRRE PIGS. five months 31,1. About four score weignt Moth-r twenty score weight. Secon,i lot elllP in six weeks, Also Builder's Handcart and Gr,cer's Hanrkart for 'ale (new), £3 the lot. Stiff Cart and Gears for Sale, £6.—F. NEVIN. 36, Victoria st.. St. Helens.

rilWO-WHERL CAW—seats 1 to 5 passengers comfortably 1 all looking fcrw4rd ; eleg,ait ; complete with 'analog, cushions, mats. &c. ; suit 14 hands cob. Price. 20 guineas ; cost nearly double. Al4o one of two pianos. and some pictures.—Apply Mr. LOCK E, Tudor flou,e, 65, Barlow Moor rd., Didsbury. Manchester.

HAHNBSS. Full size E; is 61. Cob sizes £3 15s Vi Pony size £3 66. Cab or business cart harness £4 10s Strong van harness £4. Farmers' strong cart hrness £3lOB All the above are hand made in our own factories. Heavy cart saddles and breechings £l, C trt b.llybands 3s 6d. Plough pads 2s 21 inches British government I.ackbands and tugs 1086 d. Cart collars 5s iteel harnes with hooks is 6d per pair. Black waterproof cart cover 61t 6in. by 61t 61n. 4s. 6d Men's brown leather British Government navy belts 6d. All goods sent on approval. Illustrated catalogue post tree on application to JARDINE, contractor to H. M. Government, Nottingham.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•- . • • • -.0,,

===== 0002601_19040723_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPPENHALL.

PARISH COUNCIL MEETING.—On Monday evening, a special Parish Council meeting was convened in the schoolroom, when there were present, Mr. J. C. Parr (chairman), Messrs. Avery, Bradford, Ellison, Warbur- ton, Rathbone, Jenkins and Smith. A letter was read by the Chairman from the Clerk to the Runcorn Rural District Council on the question of providing evening classes anti asking that the matter might be submitted to the Parish Council for their opinion thereon, and sug- gesting that it might be prudent to ascertain the views of the School Committee on the same question. The Rector (Rev. Richard Greenall) and the Schoolmaster (Mr. Evans) were both present and gave the Council the benefit of their past experience in connection with evening classes, the former suggesting that woodcarving or cookery classes would be both attractive and useful. Mr. Bradford asked if it would not affect the rates, whereupon Mr. Evans said the rates would not be affected in the least, since the Government defrayed the expenses, and the grants were more than enough to cover the outlay. Mr. Jenkins said he was surprised at the statement made by Mr. Evans, and thought he knew better than his statement indicated. Every half-penny of the money would have to come from the rates and whether the classes cost much or little the rates would suffer pro- portionately. As a representative of the ratepayers he thought that some of the farmers who might have enough to do to make both ends meet, would object very strongly to pay for teaching children how to carve in wood. And to expect the poor ratepayer to contri- bute to such things was not right, and he could not be a party to it. The Runcorn District Council and other bodies had written to the central educational authority complaining of the exces- sively high rate for education. At Stockton Heath, at a similar meeting to that, anything but a readiness was shown to adopt the evening classes,and its consideration had been deferred. He hoped that other rural parishes would act in the same spirit and do their best to keep down the ever-growing rates. He moved "that the opening of the evening classes be not entertained."— This was seconded by Mr. Bradford. Mr, Parr expressed sympathy with Mr. Jenkins in the positio-ft which hehad assumed towards the ratepayers, but thought the extra outlay would be very infinitesimal, but would leave the matter with the Council.—Mr. Avery would like to know whether the expenses would actually come from the rates, and was replied to in the affirmative.—The resolution, being submitted to the meeting, was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
SCENES FROM A MAN'S LIFE.

PROVING THAT BILE BEANS CURE THE WORST CASES OF INDIGESTION. This is the "pith" of an interesting account which will impress every reader with the effectiveness of Chas. Forde's Bile Beans as a cure for indigestion and alliect ailments. The full details were given on oath before a Commissioner. -

===== 0002601_19040723_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
SCENE I.

Thos. Watson, miner, of 10, Victor-street, Cutsyke Castleford, was an unusually strong man and a champion, weight lifter. He began to suffer from indigestion. His strength faded. SCENE 11. In the morning he awakenedwith foul taste iamouth; bad breath. Hands trembled. Didn't want breakfast. At work fell sick, faint, and dizzy. Head ached, and it felt too heavy for his neck. Pains in chest, back,and round waist. Grew weaker and weaker. No food would stop on his stomach. Couldn't workany more. Twelve months went by. Still unable to work. Had got so weak that couldn't walk across kitchen floor without being supported. Gave up hope. Began to take Bile Beans.

SCENE lIL Week by week he improved, and after taking a course of Bile Beans, he was cured of every trace of indiges- tion, was back at work, and was rapidly regaining strength. Cure remaised permanent. Twelve months after being cured, a reporter interviewed him on his cure. "Has your strength been restored?" he asked. For answer Watson picked up two 561 b. weights, and raised them over his head. He thenlifted up one of the weights with one finger, and hoisted it above his head. Moreover, he afterwards held it there until he was photographed. Photograph can be seen. SCENE IV. - -

--- Before a Commissioner for Oaths, Watson made the following sworn statement :-- "1, Thomas Watson, miner, do hereby solemnly and sincerely declare as follows :—That from being a man able to lift up two hundredweight above my head with one arm alone, I was reduced by indigestion and kindred ailments to the weakness of a child, unable to walk without assistance. My health has been fully restored, and my strength renewed, solely through taking Chas. Forde's Bile Beans." To those with indigestion, headache, faintness, pains in back or chest, fulness after eating, wind, constipa- tion, or any liver or stomach disorder, nothing more need be said, except this.—ln purchasing Bile Beans from any chemist, the 2s. 9d. size is most economical. It contains three times Is. I?,d. size. Also don't take substitutes.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

TONTINE CLUB.—In connection with the Padgate Tontine Society a successful main took place the other evening on the green attached to the Padgate Stocks. A social was afterwards held, Mr. J. Willett, of War- rington, presiding. Songs were rendered by Messrs. Greenwood, Fryer, Birtles and several others,after which the prizes were presented to the successful competi- tors. A vote of thanks was passed at the close to the host and hostess for their kind attention. WESLEYAN CHURCH.—The anniversary services in connection with the above church were held on Sunday. The Rev. J. Grange Bennett (Connexional Evangelist) preached in the morning from Isaiah xl. 31, and gave a helpful sermon. The choir rendered the anthem "How lovely is Zion "(G. T. Root), and Mr. G. W. Weaver acted as organist. In the evening the church was crowded. Mr. Bennett's text was taken from Isaiah vi. 5,8, and he delivered a sermon on the effect the "Vision of the Lord" had upon Isaiah. The anthems were ".Come unto Him" (Gounod) and" Rock of Ages." Mr. Brough conducted the singing, and Mr. F. Hickman presided at the organ.

LANCASHIRE HEROES. At its monthly meeting in London on Friday, the Royal Humane Society awarded testimonials to the following persons in Lancashire :—James Moggeridge and Joseph Holt, Woolford, near Bury, for an attempt to save a boy who was drowned in a mill lodgeat Wool- ford ' • Tom Nuttall, grocer. Rochdale, for rescuing a boy from the Rochdale Canal; Thomas Lister, weaver, I3arnoldswick, who, although unable to swim, jumped Into the canal at Salterforth and saved Minnie Brooks ; Joseph Hayes, of Hollinwood, for saving a girl who had fallen into the canal; Robert Lawson Baker, Runcorn, for attempting to save a youth named Johnson Who was bathing in the Ship Canal, on the Bth inst.; Herbert Blair, of Burnley, a private in the 2nd Volunteer Battalion East Lancashire Regiment, for rescuing a private soldier who was being swept away while bathing in the sea at Scarborough; Richard Yates, for saving W. Sumner from death in a disused clay pit at Euxton.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The King and the Workhouse Lad.—The mantle of thoughtful sympathy which adorned Queen Victoria, has evidently fallen upon her son. Many an old soldier who knew that he would never again follow the drums has been cheered, as he lay in the military hospital, by a kind word from the revered late Queen, and we find the same tenderness being displayed by the King on the occasion of his recent visit to Newmarket workhouse. One incident in partimilar has been noted and will long be remembered by the poor folks in that part of Cam- bridgeshire and Suffolk, who are forced by res angusta to seek the hospitality of the Poor Law. A lad was lying in one of the wards suffering from cancer and consumption, and the King—who had probably fdllowed I the example of his royal mother by asking to be told ' of the worst cases—asked him if he could play a mando- line which was near to him. The little fellow, we are told; was too confused to answer, but none know better , than the members of the Royal Family how to set a I diffident person at ease, and His Majesty readily pre- vailed upon him to try what he could do. The boy played the National Anthem' while the King stood bareheaded, and at the close the little musician was delighted to be told that he had played very well. Heiress to Millions.—Few girls in Society have been more sought after than Miss Pauline Astor, whose , engagement to Captain H. Spender-Clay is announced. The present Duke of Manchester was understood at one time to be amongst her devotees, but, for some years past, there was scarcely an eligible party to whom the American Press did not engage the only daughter of Mr. William Waldorf Astor. They have extended the same treatment to Mr. Astor, who, however, goes little into Society, and has been a widowersincelB92. Miss Aston is now in her twenty-fourth year, and was principally chaperoned by Lady Selkirk,but of recent years she has presided over her father's beautiful mansi on at Clieveden, which he purchased from the late Duke of Westminster many years ago. He derives his immense wealth from real estate in New York, but he has long been a British subject, living entirely in this country. There are two sons, but even so, it is expected that Miss Astor will eventually inherit a fortune worth many millions sterling. The Richest Girl in the World.—ln these days, when millions are thought little of, it would be difficult to say who is the richest girl in the worid, but it is believed that Miss Krupp, who, on the death of her father became the chief proprietor of the famous . Krupp Works at Essen, could claim that distinction. The works at Essen alone, employ over 25,000 hands, besides which there are coal and iron-ore mines,steam- ships, and other departments, all of which are con- trolled by a committee of management, but Miss Krupp is said to take a keen interest in the conduct of the I business, and the welfare of the employees, and makes a regular inspection of the works. It would therefore seem that she has inherited some of the capacity for industrial organization, which must have characterised her father, and grandfather, and if so, it will give her an interest and enjoyment in life which are said to be very often wanting amongst the possessors of millions. IWe are all apt to regard as fortunate, the girl who has nothing else to do but play at being a millionaire's ! daughter, but the position no doubt has its drawbacks, and is not altogether to be envied. . Women and Learning.—Fortunately dactors, philoso- phers and critics, have a way of contradicting one !another, and when they tell us we are doing this or that !which is harmful, or in some way outraging the laws of Nature, it is easy to set one attack against another, and cheerfully disregard them all. We may therefore com- fortably leave to others the task of refuting the assertion that the human race is degenerating because girls and women have taken to study, and the higher training, though the suggestion might be sufficiently answered in one word. Yet it was seriously put forward the other day in a paper read before the American Medical Congress. For thousands of years women were denounced for their ignorance and frivolity, but now,it seems,they are equally at fault in seeking the higher paths of culture; however, such contradictions only go to show that in nine times out of ten, common sense is much more precious than the philosophy of the sages. The Visional Powers of Men and Women.—There are some people who appear never to look at you, and yet they can afterwards describe your appearance and details of dress, as correctly as if they had been staring at you all the time. A correspondent in one of the London papers wants to know how this is to be ex- plained, and suggests that women possess this unobserv- able faculty of observation to a much greater extent ;than men. This is probably quite true and might be ' accounted for by the training to which they are , accustomed. A man may stare at anything or anybody, so long as he stops short of actual rudeness, but the same latitude is not allowed to the woman, who has therefore become trained to notice things without appearing to do so. Thus, on meeting a man she wishes to observe, she will probably know more about his appearance than he does about hers even though she may not look at him, as he may de in passing, with . perfect propriety. j Another Colour Craze.—There is a decided fancy at the moment for yellow, trimmed with black. For day ! wear this is an unfortunate contrast, as the effect is ' much too striking for good taste. Those women who , have the courage and complexion to wear a yellow gown ' should keep it all yellow, or trim it with palest green. IThe latter combination however is a dangerous one in the hands of inexperienced modistes, and should only be lentrusted to quite first-rate builders of gowns. An Old World Wrap.—The granny shawl, perfectly square, and folded so that a point comes down the middle of the back, is quite a favourite wrap forsitting out after dinner, either at the sea or on the river. The fabrics employed for these shawls are crepe, silk, cash- mere, and many others suitable for the purpose, and they are almost always finished off with fringe. They are fastened in front, preferably with a big old-fashioned !cameo brooch. Those women, therefore, who possess ! such treasures should search them out,and make use of them while they may. White Muslin and Valenciennes Lace.—There is much enthusiasm among exclusive dressers for the simple white muslin frock, trimmed with Valenciennes lace. Such a toilette sounds inexpensive, but as a matter of fact it is nothing of the kind. There are muslins and muslins, and needless to say the very best only, which runs up to many shillings a yard,is employed. Then the lace must be real, and the amount of work put into such gowns in the way of quaint ruchings, gatherings, and , pleatings, is unprecedented. So the simple muslin frock" represents a total of £lO to £l5, and then there I are its very frequent visits to the cleaners to be reckoned I with. -

Holiday Coats.—Short white pique coats are being worn over any kind of toilette by holiday makers, but especialiy over the dark blue trolleuse skirt, when per- haps it appears at its best. This mode is one which will beappreciated by the girl who finds it impossible to provide a coat to match each skirt, moreover the little pique coat can easily be got up at home, and so save the cleaner's bill. The red serge coat too, with saque back and double breasted front, and ornamented with large mother-of-pearl buttons is also appearing at our holi- day resorts, but this to look well, can only be donned over white or blue skirts.

MAD GE .

..-----..(,.--..• -

SMALLPDX HOSPITAL AS A HOLIDAY HOME' The small-pox hospital recently erected by the Wig- ton Rural District Council in the Cumberland hills is crowded, despite the fact that it was predicted that the building would "never be used." The Wigton Work- house children are spending their summer holidays there —and enjoying themselves too!

===== 0002601_19040723_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHARMING WEST COUNTRY. The GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY COMPANY

have made i

mportant additions to the facilities for travel to

THE CHARMING HILLS AND VALLEYS

SOMERSET A.ND DORSET.

Full particulars can, be obtained free on application to The Superintendent of the Line, Great Western Railway, Paddington Station, London. JAMES C. INGLIS, General Manager.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGALL'S Patent SELF—RAISING FLOUR CAMEZIEZ

===== 0002601_19040723_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GRANDEUR

OF THE ENGLISH AND

BRISTOL CHANNELS.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, July 23 1904.

(C'olyright.)

===== 0002601_19040723_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.'

Voile is a mateiral which ranks very highly in fashionable estimation afid4is of the finest and most transparent description. It is of all colours and is not really very expensive in Itself but, of course, must be made over silk to )rove successful, and this adds to the cost of a voile gown. However, it is one of the most useful toilettes and when trimmed with some pretty lace insertion and plentifully tucked and gauged is very dressy-looking. I saw] a very charming dress of this description, the most delicate shade of pastel green being used over silk of exactly the same shade of colour. It was trimmed by two bands of open silk embroidery through which the silk of the under dress was plainly visible. The bodice had a long yoke extending down the shoulders and across the front and back of the

„ /Nt i 41110 0\ '"r6t4;..z„,x4i /.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
A FASHIONABLE SKIRT.

same silk embroidery, the voile being taste- fully gauged in lines at the lower edge. The style was quite simple, the material being arranged in blouse fashion over the silk lining, from which it was quite separate. Indeed, I find that many girls have 'this year had the silk lining of their best frock made separately from the material and have made the one lining do duty for a muslin frock as well. It is a good plan, and if the lining if kept in thoroughly good repair, the slightest tear being mended at once, and a new frill added whenever there is any sign of the silk cutting, it will wear for the season and serve for both frocks.

The fashionable skirt shown in my first sketch is made according to the smartest of this summer's modes. It is of cream voile over pale pink silk and the full gaugings are skilfully regulated to preserve the outlines of the figure of the wearer down to the knees, where the fulness flows gracefully outward round the feet in soft folds. The lining, which is detached from the voile and mounted on a separate band, is used also to complete a rose pink muslin and lace toilette reserved for warm summer days. This colour of mus- lin is very fashionable and, likewise, extreme- ly becoming and is trimmed with a rather ,coarse make of lace, white valenciennes bcing

1 ..4.14: ° ' O. :IV 7 i . ej ", -,' . , 'b. . *-14‘i&I' 4'i"...",.." , ?fi e.- o-, ----. -,........, ~ , ,isr-•,.,.) ...,„::.•.., ‘, . . , - vg- , ,1 07".; ..%.. .....te 7, , . ...,_/, .....i.I. v ,/ . \4ll\

===== 0002601_19040723_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
A CHARMING HAT.

used to trim white embroidered muslin toilettes. A pink muslin dress completed by a leghorn hat, with a high crown trimmed solely by a wreath of flowers or bands of ribbon is an altogether ideal summer toilette. The hat can be completed if desired by velvet strings, which have a softening effect on any variety of headgear and are becoming to most faces.

In the charming hat illustrated the loose strings are of pale pink tulle tied into a care- less bow under .the chin. The hat is of the variety previously described, with a high crown and is trimmed by a large cluster of pink ;and red roses. It is a very becoming style of headgear and looks equally well seen from the back, where the brim bends down and fits closely to the coiffure. These large cabbage roses are much used on the smartest hats this season and make a trimming at once pretty and becoming, and quite inexpensive. Sometimes some bows of handsome ribbon of a contrasting colour are intermingled with the flowers and a soft faint tone of pale blue looks well interspersed among the pink roses. The muslin sun hat has not altogether disappeared from our midst and a charming sample I saw the other day looked most fascinating crowning the ruddy gold locks of a girl of twenty, the clear white muslin of which it was made being sprinkled over with

'a 41ii, flollll' 0 ":(:: ....• ' •.•we- • ,100 ...t._ , .;ii,t; t-•ittr: . ill tp:4l ,•• 1 41". • '1 p, , - t, I -

===== 0002601_19040723_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
A TTJSSORE GOWN.

fine black dots, and the edges of the full frills finished by narrow white valenciennes lace. A wreath of forget-me-nots and their leaves and buds surrounding the crown, it looked altogether becoming and sweetly pretty. The subject of my last illustration gives the most important part of a dainty tussore silk dress. It is of the peculiar fawn shade with which we are all so familiar and is trimmed with string-coloured silk lace. It is simply made but nothing could be more up- to-date for wear during the next two months. The waist is finished by a soft kid belt ornamented with dull .gold buttons. Tussore silk wears extremely well and is delightfully cool, and is, therefore, used for making blouses for morning wear. It has also the advantage of not being easily soiled, which is most important when one is far separated from their favourite laundry and have to trust their belongings to the far from tender mer- cies of strange workers, who often doom them to destruction. This useful silk can be obtained, I believe, in various colours nowa- days, for the usual tone is not one to be worn by a sallow complexioned woman. Spotted muslins look very cool and fresh and with embroidered linen are favoured highly by the best dressed women. They are generally trimmed with coarse lace or embroidery of some kind.

COQUETTE.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
A CONVICT :LOVER.

BY GORDON STABLES, M.D., R.N., Author of "The Cruise of the Snowbird," "From Pole to Pole," "Every Inch a Sailor," "A Millionaire's Grave," "For Honour, Not for Honours," tk.c.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
L -TO ALL APPEARANCZ STARK AND STIFF.

I was but little past my boyhood when I joined the Royal Navy as junior surgeon, and nine years afterwards, when invalided on half-pay, I was still a young man. The half-pay granted by a grateful country to an officer is not enough to make a millionaire of him, and, as I had thoughts of getting married at some4ime. I began to look about for something to do, hot having as yet adopted literature as a profession. I was glad enough to become the provisional partner to a medical man in the Midlands. This gentleman was considerably over seventy, and beginning to tire of the harder work and drudgery of the profession. The largest share of this, therefore, fell upon me. The dis- trict was a wide one, , and, though I rode the bicycle—a gigantic ordittary—no one in those days would have sent twice for a doctor who had once pulled the bell-handle after dismounting from such a machine. So I had to be content with a cob.

But it was during my practice in this district that I first became acquainted with the heroine, and latterly the hero, of this short and "ower true" tale.

There are, in my opinion, two situations in which a beautiful girl shews to the very best advantage. One is at a dance or ball, the other at home, pouring out the tea. I had seen Lily Morris in both, and more than once, and did not know in which most to admire her. She was, indeed, a lovely child, graceful in bearing, winning in all her ways, and as sweet in voice as in face. At this date I could not make a declaration as to the colour of Lily's eyes, but I believe they were blue. They were large, I know, and very dark. I am sure I was a favourite with Lily, just as I was with her widowed father; and I am sure, too, that I had to guard myself in case of falling in love with her. There was considerable disparity of years, for, while she was still in her teens, I was thirty. But this was not all. Lily was an only child and would be wealthy. It is true that her father was not what is all too boastfully called a member of an old county family, for he had made his money in business; but, like all sailor- men, I was modest, and would scarcely have dared to aspire to the hand of an heiress. Well, at all events, if I had ever harboured any such thought, the trouble was spared me when Dick Stanley came upon the scene. He came like a comet, and shone like a comet. I can compare his coming to nothing else. His introduction to the Morrises took place in a curious way, and one certainly not devoid of romance, though this romance explained itself later on. The county of B—, then, is extremely well wooded, and there are many bits of old forests in it, some of them dark and gloomy enough. It was while driving homewards through one of these, rather late one moonlight summer's evening, that the new squire, as Mr. Morris was called, found him- self suddenly attacked by a foot-pad. The only other occupants of the pony-carriage were Lily her- self—and the boy in buttons who sat behind.

The bright round moon certainly never lit up a more villainous countenance than that of this robber man. It was quite of the orthodox burglar type—the huge mouth, the lowering brows, the small, cruel eyes, and the bull-dog jaws. He held a huge revolver pointed straight at Mr. Morris's head.

"Doss up, squire, and be quick and quiet about it. Hain't got over much time to spend over a little job like this. Stop yer bloomin' row," he shouted to the page-boy, who was making the woods resound with his shrieks. "Stop that row, or I'll quieten you with my meat-chopper!" Poor Lily had fainted. Hardly knowing what he was doing, Mr. Morris was just about to part with his gold watch and purse, when the sounds of a horse's hoofs were heard at some distance. The foot-pad lowered his revolver immediately and listened, then, just as a gentleman on a splendid black steed dashed round the corner, he bolted into the wood and disappeared. Not, however, before two shots were fired at him by the new-corner. He rode right up to the little carriage. "Thank God/." he said, raising his hat, "I am in time. I trust the fellow did not succeed in robbing you." "Praise be to Heaven and you, sir, we are safe in every way. My chief concern is now my daughter." Dick, for it was he, sprang from his horse, and threw the reins over his neck. Then he lifted Lily, who had sunk down, in his arms as if she had been a baby, and placed her on a bank of grass and wild-flowers close beside the road. There was no water near, but he fanned her face, and soon she opened her eyes and looked wildly round. "You are safe and sound, young lady," said Dick. "Here, drink a little of this.'

He held a silver flask to her lips as he spoke, and she sipped a little, and was now able to sit up and talk faintly. Her grey-haired father was kneeling by her side, and as she placed her hand in his he fairly broke down, and the tears ran over his face. But he dashed them aside, as if ashamed of his weakness, and earnestly invited Dick Stanley to accompany them home and remain for the night. Now, bearing in mind all that followed, I am convinced that Dick planned this method of intro- duction, the foot-pad being, of course, one hired for the purpose. I was sent for next day to see Lily, and it was then I made this strange adven- turer's acquaintance, for he had • been prevailed upon to spend a whole week at the Grange. I must confess that I have never seen a hand- somer young fellow since. Tall, and dark as to hair and slight moustache, he was altogether gentlemanly and winning. Most calm, too, and self-possessed. I liked him from the 'first, and so did my friend the squire. But there was something else I noticed before three days had passed. Lily Morris liked him, and lam not sure, indeed, it was not love almost at first sight ; if there be any such complaint, and I think there is.

Dick Stanley's stay was prolonged for weeks, the squire never seemine, to tire of him. He was amusing, and the best of company. He was instructive as well, for, though not over five-and- twenty, he appeared to have travelled everywhere, and his adventures in India and Africa with wild beasts and wilder men were thrilling in the extreme. And, moreover, though he had never been an officer, he had lent his sword and the spears of his servants to fiht among the far-off hills of Afghanistan; and sole told or spoke

" --- of most disastrous chances, Of moving accidents by flood and field, Of hair-breadth 'scapes i' the imminent deadly breach."

No wonder that young and innocent Lily Morris listened entranenl to the story of Dick Stanley's life, or that she

"Gave him for his pains a world of sighs

'Twas pitiful, 'twas wondrous pitiful. She wished she had not heard it, yet she wished That Heaven had made her such a man'." Well, I could see the goal to which events were evidently moving. For she appeared to

"--: love hlin for the dangers he had passed,

And he loved her that she did pity them.l' A great part of each evening was spent by Dick and Lily at the piano, he accompanying her on the violin, for he was a skilled performer. And I know nothing more likely to draw two young hearts together than the sympathy of music. I feel sure that when they played together one beautiful melody after another, preluding each with such simple remarks as: "Do you know this piece ? " or, "Oh, have you seen this?" there was no outer world to them; they were a world to each other, a world to themselves.

Dick nd I became very friendly. He treated me e.,s a confidant, and told me of all his love for Lily, with the greatest frankness. "It was a fearfullove," he said, and I believed him, for he looked almost terrible as he spoke. "I shall propose soon," be added, "and if se refuses me--"

He stopped and gave vent to a little forced hugh, which told me plainly that in the case of such an eventuality he would turn his pistOl rgAinst his own heart. Though a physician and a man of the world; I shuddered a little as he laughed, for I could read in his eyes that he was in earnest. But one evening he came rushing into my study without the fcrmality of knocking. Ile was beaming all over as he held out his hand. • . "Conwratulate me ! " h e cried.

I knew what he meant, and did. Then he threw himself languidly into my our chair, and sighed. "What! sighing, Stanley ° "Alas! aye," he answered. "Dear Lily's fathcs is ailing, and she cannot marry me for at least months to come. Poor child' she wept bitterly m my arms as she told me." "But, my dear Dick," I s&id encouragingly, "the time will soon fly past. You will see her every day—for I suppose you will still keep on The Honeys ? " "Yes, I mean to; and probably I 11l corn!: into my property in about nine months' time." The Honeys was a beautiful villa that Dick rented. Surrounded by lovely gardens it was, and half-buried in trees. And here he lived in con- siderable style for a bachelor. He kept two horses, and they were the admiration of everyone who looked at them, especially when Dick rode one. Like everybody else far and near, I took Dick for granted, and everyone believed every word he said and no one thought of inquiring into his ante- cedents. Among the villagers he was known as Captain Stanley, and he gave the shopkeepers and a wine merchant the most literal orders, and never asked the price of anything. And so matters went on for months.

But Dick kept no company at his own house. Seeing that he was a single man, this was hardly expected; and though no party or dinner was con- sidered complete without the mirthful and enter- taining Captain Stanley I believe 1 myself was the only individual who -dropped into his "den," as he called it, to smoke a cigar and drink a glass of wine, when my day's duties seemed over. "Robert," said Stanley one afternoon to his valet, "this is rather a lonely place we live in, and, as I have a considerable amount of money and jewellery lying about, I don't think we are quite safe with- out a dog." "No, sir," said Robert, pleased to be ad- dressed thus confidingly and graciously by his master.

"Well, Robert, a dog-dealer is coming to see me to-night. His name is Walsh. just shew him straight in here when he calls." "Very good, sir." "He'll be here exactly at eight,. so be about and answer the door yourself." „ . . .

"Certainly, sii certainly." Well, Walsh was assuredly no beauty; but your ordinary dog-dealers seldom are. He was closeted quite a long time with Stanley, and then Robert let him out again. But he called another night, and this time brought a dog, a bad and savage-looking boarhound, that Robert was sadly afraid of. Uneasy, they tell me, lies fhe head that wears a crown. Probably; but Ido not believe that even the German Emperor goes to bed with his crown on his head. Be this as it may, the miser who keeps his wealth in gold and jewels at home, even in a fire-resisting safe, must feel uneapy now and then. But just such a fool was old Screechley. He had been a judge in India, and was reputed to be immensely wealthy. Yet he only kept one housekeeper, an inquisitive old dame who knew far more about him and his doings than he had any idea of. Indeed, it was currently reported that she was feathering her nest off the judge, and was not at all particular where she obtained the feathers. Besides her, there was a man, with whom she was very "pack," who worked in the garden, but did not sleep in the house. The house was called The Poplars, and lay in the woods well back from the road, and about a mile and a half from the Grange. One morning early the gardener came for me in a great hurry. Both the judge and his housekeeper, he told me excitedly, had been murdered, and lay dead on the floor. He had found the door open, and it was evident from the single glance he had taken that the safe had been broken into and ransacked.

I sent Thomas to the police-station at once, and without waiting for breakfast mounted my horse and rode off in all haste to The Poplars. I must say that I felt horribly uneasy, for there was blood on the doorsteps, and a pool of dust-covered blood in the passage as well. And not far away lay the white-haired old judge, to all appearance stark and stiff.

11.-A LOST LOVE-A BLIGHTED LIFE.

"Who," I said to myself, as I stepped gingerly over the threshold, avoiding the ugly dust-covered pool of dark blood, "who has done this dastardly deed ? "

I bent over the judge. -Re was gagged„'ut not dead, for he moaned ..nd looked at me most appealingly. It took considerable force to remove that gag. Then, warning him not to speak, I lifted and carried him to his bed, and, applying restoratives and giving a hypodermic injection, I soon had him fast asleep. The housekeeper, too, was found by me, gagged in another room, and received similar treatment. The policeman *soon arrived, and after sending Thomas to procure a village nurse I prepared to leave for a time. Before doing so, I was apprised of the arrival of a magistrate to take depositions. I shewed my authority now, however, and he had to leave and return in the evening. But by this time my patients were not only out of danger, but able to talk. I gave both of them more brandy, and the shock they had received had no bad results.• _ _

Old Screechley was terribly disconsolate at first, but the sergeant of police assured him that he had already found a clue, and doubted not all his wealth would soon be restored to him.

Then he told the judge his story, of hearing a noise in the next room at midnight; of lighting a candle, and, with pistol in hand, going quietly, fearfully, in; of finding two masked men at the already open safe, with dark lanterns; of firing point-blank at them; of being knocked down immediately after and gagged; then remembering no more. From the blood I had found all about, it was evident enough that one of the burglars had been wounded by the judge's fire, for he himself was intact. When the sergeant of police spoke of having found a clue, I took little heed, thinking he merely said so to quieten and calm the old judge's mind, and it was not until next day that I thought anything more about it. The news spread like wildfire, and that evening I went to see my friend Stanley, to give him my own version of the daring burglary. I found him reclining on the sofa—a most unusual thing with him. But he got up to shake hands with me, and then I noticed that he was not only pale, but that he limped. "I had a fall in the garden," he said, "and wrenched my ankle. No, no; sit down and talk • it is not worth your attention. Tell me all about this housebreaking business." I did so, as I smoked a fragrant cigar, telling him at the finish that the sergeant had got a clue. He laughed lightly as he sipped his wine. "Those fellows always have," he said. I thought nothing more of the policeman's clue for several days. Meanwhile, Stanley had visited the Grange in a carriage, being still too lame to ride. He was going to London for a week on business, he told Mr. Morris.

"And right sorry," said Morris, "shall I be to lose you. The evenings are dark and long now, and mind, Christmas will soon be here; so pray do not stay long away, for we shall all miss you." The parting between poor Lily and Dick was affecting in the extreme—so Dick himself told me, for I accompanied him that night to the station, two servants coming in a village cart with his luggage, which was far from light. "I feel strangely sad to-night," he said to me , "indeed, I feel as if walking in the Valley and in the Shadow of. Death. 0 poor Lily! How she wept! I have never seen such grief before. Doctor, you and I have been friends a long time now. Go often to see her, and try to comfort her. And listen: I am a careless, happy-go-lucky kind of a fellow, and certainly no man of business. Well, bills have been accumulating, and although I have not bothered about them, the tradespeople may now be uneasy. Tell any of 'them you happen to see that I am perfectly safe, and on my return will settle all." I promised, and we parted. Day after day passed, and neither Lily nor I had any letter. So great was the shock to the poor girl that she took to her bed, and I had her a 3 a patient. On the morning after this, I met the sergeant. "No, not much progress yet, sir," he said, "but here is the clue—found beside the safe." A gold sleeve-link of strange formation, studded with emeralds and rubies! I staggered as if shot. "Good God!" I cried, hardly knowing what I said—"the :ink belonas to Captain Stanley!" The sergeant laughed and nodded. "I suspected something of the sort," he said, "and the man who visited him was no dog-dealer, but a burglar. That jewel will be the link in the chain of evidence that will send your clever friend to prison, and probably to penal servitude." confess I was terribly shocked. I could 555 it

all now, or thought I could. Stanley sand be s mere adventurer. He had thought to marry Lily at once, and with her to inherit a fortune. But the marriage deferred, with debts and poverty staring him in the face, and with a love for Lily Ott was greater than that for life itself, he had been tempted, and—fallen.

Mine was something more than mere sorrow, it was grief as deep as I had endured for many a day; for, sinner though he was, there was good in the man, and he had been sorely tempted. Punish- ment °pick and terrible must follow, and I could not harve desired it otherwise, for even we medical men, Who believe that every species of crime is but the outcome of disease innate, admit that it is right the public should be protected. But if I was sorry for Dick Stanley, still more was I grieved for Lily. How welkad she bear it when she knew all? A lost love! A blighted life! Well, I am, and always have been, a student of human nature, and would not, at that time, believe I could err in my diagnosis of anything pertaining to the mind. If the crime were brought home tc Stanley, as it must be, the shock would be a fear- ful one for Lily, but continue to lore a convict she could not. I should send her, and her father too, abroad to Italy, to Egypt; and among new scenes she would form new ties, and in the common nature of things she would slowly forget, and be once more happy, though, perhaps, never the same as before. As for Stanley himself, he had played his game and lost, and,. although he might love Lily to his dying day, he would recognise the fact that he could never be to her as he had once been.

A student of nature, however, is not necessarily a prophet, and I could not even have guessed how things were to turn out.. A week or fortnight passed away, and still no letter from Dick. Did he know, I wondered, that the police were on his track, and would seize, at the post-office, letters in his handwriting? I could not tell ; but greatly surprised indeed was I when, one dark evening near Christmas-time, Dick presented himself at my study. He was pale and very haggard. "All is lost," he said ; "the damning evidence of my guilt is in the hands of the police. I have been in hiding, but have made every reparation in my power, and have sent the plunder, gold and jewels and all, to Scotland Yard. But oh, doctor, I must see Lily!" I tried to dissuade him. _ _

"I must!. I must ! I must!" he almost shrieked in anguish. "I must see my love and confess all. I must see her once, just once, before—" He paused. "Before what, Dick ? " There was a strange look in his eyes, that I could easily interpret, "Before—ldie."

He was so terribly in earnest that I determined te arrange an interview between Lily and her lost lover. But it should take place in my own study. And so it did. I was there a portion of the time, and never, never shall I forget that poor girl's anguish and tears. I heard him confess his crime without a word of extenuation or reserva- tion. I heard him tell her she was free, although he would bear her loved image and loving words even to the dark portals of death itself. I heard her answer as he held her weeping in his arms that she never could forget him, come what may, and that even the knowledge of his crime was far more easy to bear than the grief she had already gone through in thinking lie had been false to her, or had ceased to love her. Then I left them for a while. "I will return in an hour, Stanley," I said, before I closed the door. For I. believed I had a duty to perform. I knew he was armed, and that soon after parting with Lily he meant to die by his own hand. I would save his life. Anything rather than suicide. It ill true I might be too late, only I meant to try. Mounting my horse, I rode as I had seldom, if ever, ridden before, and in ten minutes' time was in the police-office. Yes, the sergeant and an assistant would come at once. Within the hour I was back. Then there was the sad parting., and I almost carried Lily to her carriage, where her maid was waiting. The last sound of the wheels had scarcely died away when I met Stanley . hurrying out into the grounds, his hand in his pistol-pocket. But the deed was never done, for almost immediately he found himself pinioned, a prisoner in the hands of the police.

I was at the trial myself some weeks after this. Stanley confessed all, yet 'nothing could wring from him the name of his accomplice. He had the best of solicitors, and never before had I listened to a more.beautifully eloquent, though sad, sad speech. I know the judge was affected, and among the women in the court hardly was there a dry eye. But justice had to be done, and considering everything, the sentence was a lenient one—two years' imprisonment with hard labour. I shook the convict by the hand, andbade him be of good cheer and make his peace with God. Then I hurried away.

thought it was better that Lily should know all, and from me; and she did. But the bitter- mess of her grief seemed past. A week after this she and her father started for the Riviera, and, throwing up my situation, I accompanied them as a friend and medical attendant. Even after a whole year and a half, however, I looked in vain for symptoms of amelioration in Lily's case. I am sure her thoughts by day and her dreams by night were ever, ever of her convict lover. More months passed by, the case was just the same, for who on earth can fathom the depths of true love in a woman 's breast?

Well, I had still another duty to perform, so one eay I saw Lilly's father alone. "Morris," I said, bluntly, "it is my painful duty to tell you that you must choose 'twixt Lily's marriage with Stanley when released, or her eariy death. •

Morris raised his right arm. "By the Heavens above," he cried, "she shall marry Stanley, were he ten times the convict that he is." So, much to my relief and Lily's joy, it was all settled; and some time after this I saw the convict himself, and told him everything. The unfortunate man wept with joy as he wrung niv hand and thanked rue. They were married two months afterwards at Nice. Squire Morris had already sold his estate in B—, and together we all sailed for New York, where the young people—aye, and the father also —were to begin a new life. But I have never seen a more happy couple than Lily and D'ick when, at long, long last. I said "Farewell," and left thew. .

(1(1 4 .!

'EKTIZY

IJoseph Beswiek, florsemarket Street,

W A HRINGTON. W. SHAW Jun., Top Lookts, Runcorn, JEAVt)NS, 21, Lieorde bt., St. He.ens. R. (XL HA.W..!•ii Bur,et.ugli St., Ormokirk

, t WANTED! RlBBsDp_ss re INe-' A 1 OUR ER 41141117 oti froilleGillentTiinf HiCo 117.0"',A, I oND N Avnts Wante'. Cash or Special Easy. Hire T row ...............- Work Taken. Est, 1879., 111111' Write, vs, ARR. ti 7 SoUTIMARK ....r roof mislseding offer. of A ork on worth'e ii m.cEine°'

===== 0002601_19040723_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENTS OF THE WEEK.

SHOOTING AT BISLEY.

The meeting at Bisley, which has caught 'on so of late years, has more than ever proved itself an enormous success. Not only have the entries this year been splendidly subscribed to in point of numbers but the quality of the shooting has been so excel- lent: and, to crown all, the weather has been simply glorious. The camp is quite imperial in character, and the Colonies are

Widely represented fn all the contests. The Mother Country, however, held her own in the Elcho, which is one of the principal events of the meeting, which is highly Pleasing to the patriotic. Two events which always create a great interest are the diumphrey Cup and the Ashburton Shield.

The former is the annual contest betweett the University Volunteers of Oxford and .cambridge, the shooting battle of the Blues. Ihis year Cambridge won by Bot to 784, Private Mander for the winners making top score with 208. The latter is the Public School Cadet Corps' contest and is always eagerly followed, especially by the lady visitors to the meeting. This year Winchester Avon the shield witn a score of 476, Clifton College being second,l only one point behind,' Charterhouse was third with 467, and Wel- lington and Bradfield, the two chief army schools, bracketed fourth with one point less. The minor contests at! Bisley are legion: but of all the greatest is the King's Prize which !las yet to be shot for. The winner of that IS the hero of the camp and takes first place amongst British marksmen.

(#.........------"::.; Ili'• \s' .)- 1 "a ~,. \i II sii,ri, ,--,_— - ~,. . ~. ‘..s',o. if , , \ . --4 4 .. • x- = ly p ~ lif inii— terriq, , ~ . . .5, , ....., ~ , ,_, _ ......,,,ta„,..0 . ~, 2"P'*- . . , ______.,- -. -d . -".',-,- , -.• 1 , . ~.: , , .„ ,„„ „ , (-..., - ..:_r_, ' i \ ______„..._ , . ~ ~_ I -'#---e, .. ~- - . i --------/ _::.k ~ ,-;, ~.,,,.., , , _ _. __ . ,_ I -----,„`-,-,l' ,-; 1 : ~.',,, , . ___—_-_,, _-___,_. 1 __ _ ._.. 4 :- .4 4 '---- - --_--_----__:_. . . -r- - .-1.-..-- - - --. • ''''' --- - ----2--%.- I

SOME PECULIAR POSITIONS

===== 0002601_19040723_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
RE KING'S NIECE SUFFERING FROM APPENDICITIS

r It was announced last week that Princes Victoria, of Schleswig-Holstein, the eldest daughter of Prince and Princess Christian, bad been operated on for appendicitis at the Prince Christian Victor 'Memorial Home at Windsor. The home is a fine building,

replete with every comfort and all the latest a ppl ances, and is equipped with a splendid nurs- ing staff. It Was by Prin- cess Victoria's "express wish that she was taken there for the operation. The Home was ,erected in mem- ory of her brother, Prince Christian Vi c- tor, who was one of the vic- tims of the oer war, and PRINCESS VICTORIA OF n seems strange SCHLESWIG-HOLSTEI N. that his own f.iisfer should have bean amongst its earliest Inmates. It has been a very anxious time, not onl3,- for the Prince arid Princess Christian, who have been in constant attendance at the bedside, and for the rest of the royal family, with whom Princess Victoria, who is noted for her cheerfulnes and universally popular. With -the late Queen especially Princess Victoria was a particular favourite, and for the last few years of her life was her almost constant com- panion? Fortunately the operation was borne splendidly, and the Princess has made excellent progress ever since, till now she may be pro- nounced out of danger. Princess Victoria is -noted not only for her charities, especialy in and around Windsor, but also for her per- sonal ability. She is amongst other things a clever painter.

,i,! k• ile -g" s. -•-- : ./ (I) • , ' _-----..=. k 0 - , -_,... , tit - .V 2-. ' , ..,\ :1 It 4f...fri .dele...• .7t5 . • '°00414. .. . gillit , .. . :, . ,

===== 0002601_19040723_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF A FAMOUS PRIMA DONNA.

The death of an old London favourite in -Miss Girulia Warwick took place in town last 'week. The famous singer, who belongs to the older generation rather than the present, Passed away at her house in Rathbone Place iZt the early age of forty-seven from failure of the heart. Her own name was JuliaOhren- berg, and she was sister of Arthur Ohren- berg, the well- known concert singer, who died in 1896. Miss Giulia Warwick made her debut as far back as 8 7 2, but strangely enough it was not in the ca- pacity of a vocalist, but in that of a pianist,that she first appeared. However, it was

not long after

===== 0002601_19040723_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
MISS G:

ARWICK. ;

her inifalt con- cert at St. George's Hall that her voio was ,discovered, and she was placed under &..jadame Sainton Dolby and Manuel Garcia. he made her operatic debut in the Carl -!.(osa Company, appearing with great success "Don Giovanni," "The Bohemian Girl," and " Fidelio." Such was her growing Po.Pularity that in 1878 she was invited to Jc.in the Savoy Company in the first of their :Cilbert and Sullivan productions, "The Sorcerer," in which she played Constance. N'ext she played the chief soprano -part in t ellier's "Spectre Knight." after which she returned to the Carl Rosa Company, with 17'74,110m she stayed many years, playing in all Principal operas. It is. some years. since Ps Giulia Warwick left the stage, and in 96 she became a professor of music at Guildhall School of Music, retiring in '1902 to open a music school of her own.

4. - - -•-•.: i" 1i , : 1,--- #l4 1.1-Atiliak . t I;.- JULIA

===== 0002601_19040723_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESIDENT KRUGER.

At-one time ex-President Kruger, the grim, rugged 'Ooni Paul of the Transvaal, was the 13utt of public opinion in this country and the most hated man by Britons all over the vv.orld, but time has assuaged the intense .bitterness of feeling which prevailed, and now .111 his death the country is ready to see the points of an undoubtedly great man a patriot, though to our despite. A Tangible mark of public forgiveness may be 'ad into the fact that consent has been wen ta the burial of his body in the ransvaal, and his sentenc-.• of exile has been .ta.nceiled in his death. Oom Paul was too /1141 a factor in politics to be a desirable

resident in the Transvaal after the war, but now that ill-feeling has subsided it would be ungenerous to refuse him burial in the land he practically made. Ex-President Kruger passed away last Thursday at Clarens near Vevey, in Switzerland. His death was principally the result of senile decay, but it

i .. , ... , .__, ...- • -,........., . ~...„-;":. , . . . . ?iish'i --",-,., .., r, 1 (k.r.„• sy— / /

===== 0002601_19040723_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
EX-PRESIDENT KRUGER.

hastened by an attack of pneumonia, which supervened on Saturday week. Paul Nruger was born at Rustenberg in 1825 and trekked from Cape Colony in 1836, being thus from boyhood one of the pioneers of Orange River Colony and the Transvaal. As a young man he was noted as the fleetest and strongest man of his day, the best shot and the most fervent preacher, and in the field and in the council-chamber he soon rose to the top. It was he who was originator of the Majuba Hill campaign, and he was elected head of the provisional Government in 1881. Two years later he was elected President of the Transvaal, which post he held till Lord Roberts entered Pretoria. It is generally admitted that he acted with considerable restraint in 1896 at the time of the Jameson Raid, but on October iith, 1899, he allowed himself to be carried away by his feelings, when he sent the now famous ultimatum. Just over a year later he left the land he had ruled so long, a broken man, and since then he has been a wanderer. Now he is to find his last resting place once lore back in his old country beside the wife he had to leave behind him.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF SIR REGINALD PALGRAVE.

Avilrinteresting figure of Parliamentary life has pfissed away in the person of Sir Reginald F. D. Palgrave, K.C.8., formerly Chief Clerk of the House of Commons. Sir Reginald, v.ho had been residing at Salisbury since his re irement in 1900, had enjoyed good health until quite re- cently. The de- ceased gentle- man was created K.C.B. in 1392, and was born at 'Westminster in June, 1829, and the son of Sir FrancisPalgrave K.H., Deputy Keeper of the Rolls. His death has created sot- row among the many friends he made during his long career as an official of the House of Com- mons. He en- THE LATE SIR REGINALD tered the Corn PALGRAVE. mittee Office of the House as

far back as 1853 and subsequently mounted every step of the orf cial ladder till he reached the highest poition as Clerk of the House. The position is one of great responsibility as well as of dignity. The Chief Clerk has to advise the Speaker and the Chairman of Committees on the many knotty points of order that are raised from time to time. He must, therefore, be thoroughly familiar, not only with the rules, but with the traditions of the House. These qualifications Sir Re inald Palgrave undoubtedly possessed. He did not achieve the exceptional fame of Sir ErAdne May, but he was an admirable successor to the great authority on Parlia- mentary procedure. Though essentially a student by nature, his unfailing affability made him popular with all classes of persons with whom he was brought in contact. The thorny and crooked path of Parliamentary procedure is made easier for both old and young members through . Sir Reginald's standard works of reference, "Chairman's Handbook," "House of Commons," and his revised edition of "May's Parliamentary Practice." He was 75 years of age.

• If 111101 k 4 r o , r. • - 0 "'l ' e A, 1411 .. % a.. A . f/ 4lei ''' '47' \ / 4. \ \ „, -s;',..:\ , s I \ \ \

===== 0002601_19040723_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE JAP'S ARMY MEDICAL CORPS.

After a •tour of the world Sir Frederick Treves, the King's surgeon, has just re- turned to England. During his travels ,Sir Frederick spent some months in Japan, where he was afforded every facility for observing the army medical organisation. He was struck with the ingenuity of the army medi- cal field equipment which the Japanese have provided for the war. They are the first nation to realise that the medical equipment for a war is not intended for posterity, that it will be obsolete when the war is over, and conse- quently should not be on the lines of the equipment used in the Crimea war, when every- thing was made to last. They have taken the best they could find in England and Germany, and have improved on it. They are not originators, but give them something good and they will produce something better. That is what they have done in the case of medical equipment. At every turn; Sir Frederick states, the neatness and ingenuity of the material was conspicuous—the light, cleverly constructed stretchers, the way they pack their stores, and the completeness of the arrangements. They pack their parcels bettei than any nation on the earth. According tc Sir Frederick th- have no women in flu

PLEASANT _PARAGRAPHS.

THE only ever•lasting people on earth are the shoemakers.

Womior find horseback riding a sort of one- sided p easure. POPEsays "the proper study of mankind is man." That may be, but the popular study of man is woman.

"LOVERS' QUARRELS," said the philosopher, " al.e the t,hain battles that are useful as training for the matrimonial field."

MRS. FERRY—" Are your new neighbours well. ?" Mrs. Terry—"l think they are; the children have such awful manners." A RECENT critique upon " Othello " had the following :—" The Moor, seizing a bolster full of rage and jealousy, smothers her." 1-innitv—" May I kiss you when I get ready to go?" Mabel—"Oh, I'm afraid I shall be so old by that time that you won't care to." "PA, what is the lull before the storm?" asked Tommy, hopefully. "The honeymoon, my boy," replied the stern parent." M ISTRESS : Didn't the ladies who called leave cards?" Bridget: "They wanted to, ma'am, but I told them you had plenty of your own, and better, too." PARADOXES OF LIFE. —She—" Woman is the weaker vessel, as well you know." He—" Then why is it that man is the oftener broke?" IF some men could come out of their graves and read the inscriptions on their tombstones they would think they had got into the wrong graves. THE Rev. Henry Ward Beecher, describing his new organ, says :—" The swell died in delicious suffocation, like one singing under the bedclothes." NEVER be at your place of business when a per- son wants to borrow money of you, because if you are in you will be out, but if you are out you will be in.

CHILD, aged six, on seeing a fine engraving of the Assumption: "Mamma, I think little angels' parents must be very poor, for I notice they never have any clothes on." "EVERY man gets the wife that Heaven intended for Mtn," said the young wife. "If that's true," replied her husband, "it strengthens the theory that men are punished for their sins here on earth !"

A GENUINE POSER.—" Ma, waz you a bride when you had this photograph taken ? " "Yes, Johnny." "Well, ma, if you wuz as pretty as that, what made you go an' marry pa ? " ON THE WAY HOME.—Jimmy: "Didn't you hear the Sunday-school teacher say your conscience is what tells you when you do wrong?" Tommy: " a good thing it don't tell your mother." SOMETHING OUGHT TO BE DONE.—" My dog is almost as intelligent as I am," remarked Squildig. Are you going to have him shot, or will you try to give him away ? " asked M'Swilligen. A PRACTICAL IDEA. —Black : "Suppose we cele- brate our silver wedding next week?" Mrs. Black: "But we have been married only twelve years." "I know that, but we need the silver." BROWN: "I thought you were a vegetarian, but hear you eat mutton." Robinson: "I am not a bigoted vegetarian. I only eat the meat of animals that live on vegetable food." "I SHOULD like to see somebody abduct me," said Mrs. Smith at he breakfast table the other morning. " ! so should I, my dear—so should I," said Mr. Smith, with exceeding earnest- ness.

Tor: "Do you believe that marriage, as a rule, is a failure?" Jack: "Judging from my own experience, I believe it is." Tom: "Why, I didn't know that you had ever been married." Jack: "That's just it—l failed to marry." THE LIMIT OF VANITY. Mamma: " I dot.% t'nk much of dot young man vot's callin' on Re- pecca." Papa: "He's too much shtuck on him- selluf. Vy, dot young fool vould as soon be paid a gompliment as a bill " WORKS BOTH WAYS.—"The first step towards wealth," says an author, "is the choice of a wife." "And the first step to secnring a good wife is the possession of great wealth," says another. Here we have one of those geod rules which work pret- tily both ways. JUDGE: "You have sworn falsely, for the chemists testify that you have poured water into the milk." Milk Peddler: "I have not sworn falsely, your honour. I didn't pour water into the milk, but milk into the water." _

ENCOURAGING.—"I felt so sorry, dear, that I was not at home when you last called on me. You won't make me suffer for it, will you dear? but will come again soon, even if lam away. Your calls always give me such pleasure." His INTENTIONS WERE GOOD.—" Why, Fred- die," exclaimed the mother of a precocious five-year old," aren't you ashamed to call auntie stupid? Go to her at once and tell her you are very sorry." " Auntie," said the little fellow a few moments later, "I'm awfully sorry you are stupid." THE COMPENSATIONS OF LlFE.—Every mother thinks her babe is the prettiest, every crow believes its young is the whitest, and every bicyclist is assured that his wheel is the best in the market. On the whole, there is more satisfaAion in this world than some persons are willing to admit. NOT SAFE.—Some time ago, in the Court of *. certain Scottish burgh, a man was charged with the theft of a pig. The worthy Bailie, in sentenc- ing the prisoner, remarked that pig-stealing in the burgh had lately been too rife, and finished his peroration thus :—" And unless I make an example of you, it's very certain that none of us will be sate."

CLERK : 411 have been in your employ now going on five years, and I am getting he taunt, salary I started with." Proprietor: "1 know it, but every time that I've made up my mind to cut you down or discharge you something has reminded ins of your wife and little ones at home, and so I just couldn't do it. There, my man, you see I have a heart as well as a head." .

On Bank Holi-d-;:,-; tie pretty maiden was poking her lily fingers amongst the seaweed, when a dis- turbed crab fixed her hand. "Oh, Claude !" she screamed to her admirer, who, by-the-by, was a comic writer. "Yes, you are clawed!" he replied, rushing to the rescue; but that wretched pun made tier so " crabby " that, as soon as he had released her from her assailant, she gave him his dismissal there and then. _

"AND ;;;;;;:i;;;band is going away for three months! Dear me! How can you ever stand it to be parted from him so long? Why, my hus- band has never been away from me even for a day since we have been married. Whenever he has to go out of town he always takes me with him." "Indeed! that's very nice of him. How long have you been married?" "Nearly three months," the happy young woman said, with a delicious sigh. ONE day a professor lost all putience with one of his students, and in a rage told him that he had not the sense of a brute. Upon I taring this the student told him he must apilogise. The next morning the professor stood up and said :—.l am called upon to apologise to Mr. —for telling him that he has not the sense of a brute, but I now revoke that and say that he has the sense of a brute.

A SAD LOOKING man went into a drug store. "Can you, give me," he asked, "something that will drive from my mind the thoughts of sorrow and bitter recollections?" The druggist nodded, and put up a little •dose of quinine, and worm- wood, and rhubarb, and Epsom salts and a dash of castor-oil, and gave it to him; and for six months the man couldn't think of anything in the world except new schemes for getting the taste out of his mouth.

HOW HE DISTINGUISII4ED TEIEM.—" Johnny, go to the henhouse and see if there are any eggs. Don't bring the china ones, leave them, but if there are any others bring them." Johnny soon returned with half a-dozen brokun eggs, aud his pinafore soiled. His mother seeing him, said : " Johnny, how did you break the eggs?" Johnny looked at her in. surprise, and said :—" How could I tell if they were china eggs or not until I had tried them? ' IT happened at a restaurant. There was only one vacant seat, and when the quiet, mild-looking clergyman entered he was compelled to take this, opposite a ,fierce individuai, with fiery whiskers and round spectacles. "I hope Ido not intrude," said the clergyman, meekly. Not at, all,".replied the other, savagely; "but perhaps you would not sit theme if you knew who I am. lan the editor of the inter/maw/at 1 Anarchist Dynamitard." "Never mind," said the reverend gentleman, soothingly; "I havelaeen chaplain to a gaol for twenty years

ty ---- • " ,•; • 7 1/ .

===== 0002601_19040723_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR FREDERICK TREVES.

field hospitals. All the attendants are trained men. As soon as wax: began they emptied all the military hospitals in Japan of their men nurses, who went to the front, and trained women took their places. Their surgery is admirable. I saw the Russians who were wounded at Chemulpho and treated by the Japanese surgeons. They have large universities in Japan, and many of their men have been trained in Germany or in the "United States. The Red Cross Society is a marvellous organisation. It has branches all over Japan. It looks after the soldiers on their way to the front, and when the men were going by train to the ports it posted up notices at all level crossings along the rail- ways so that the villagers would know when the trains were due, and would thus be able to give the • men R. good "send off" as they went by. He (Sir Frederick) congratulated the War Office in having 'sent out to Japan a high officer in the Army Medical Service to study the Japanese methods. It was the first time this course has been followed.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Why

does Fels-Naptha return your money if you don't like it? You like it.

t'TesNaptha 39 Wilson street London E C 1

===== 0002601_19040723_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

T in most pleasant form of enterttinment d sring Summer is the Garden Party, with its charmin; a nasements of Lawn Tennis, Crocinet, Badminton, and Lawn Bowls, every requisite for which is made in its greatest perfection oy the famous manufacturers, GEO. G Busscr 3; Co. Ask local Sports Outfitters for their Catalogue. If not procurable, apply to 36 38 Queen Victoria at.. London. Factories— Peckham, London; and Klmswell. Suffolk.

WARRINGTON V. SHFTON.—Warrington sustained their first reverse of the season on Saturday when they visit- ed Seftort Park. Scores :

SEFTON. • WARRINGTON. A. H. Boswell c Bibby b J.W. Bibby bKitchener 17 Lynes 53 P.B.Hawtin c Edwards J. S. Stubbs b Lynes 0 b Kitchener H. Tongue b Wright F. P. Thornhill lbw b ener b Boswell 5

Wright 1 G. H. Übsdell b H. Blease c Duckworth b Kitchener Lynes F. Edwards b Lynes.. J. F. Clegg c Connor b J. Callon b Boswell... 0 Lynes lB W. Richardson St G. A. Chadwick b Lynes 0 Brock b Boswell ... 3 A. H. Davies b Lynes 5 E.A. Connor b Kitch- Kitchener b Lynes 2 ener A. W. Brock not out 3 E. A. Woods c Clegg b Boswell 2 A. Duckworth not out 0 Extras ...

Extras lO

Total 59

Total 204 BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON.

SEFTON.

ORW 0 R W Lynes E. A. Connor T. Wright 7 2 15 2 W. H. Podmore 7121 0 WA.RRINGTON V. SEFTON (SECOND ELEVENS).—The return match was played at Arpley on Saturday. Score:— SEFTON. WARRINGTON. H. P. Lumby run out ... 9 L. R. Connor c Beckett H. L. Owen b Thewlis ... 24 b Barker W. H Davidson bThewlis 15 T.Houghton cDavidson H. S. Barker b Thewlis 4 b Beckett 22 H. S. Brown run out l3 J. Thompson b Vickers 0 J. Harrison b Thompson 73 A. Thewlis c Davidson E. Hall b Thewlls 1 b Vickers A. M. Imlach c Denton b S. Denton c Barker b Thewlis 2 Owen lB N. Vickers c Connor b W. Hind b Owen 9 Thompson F. Imlach c Hampson b b Bectrett ... 15 Thompson F. L. Beckett not ont D. Plinston not out ... 0 F. Plinston did not bat EKtms

Extras

5

Total 167 Total (for 8 wkts) ...131 GRAPPENHALL (ST. WILFRID'S V. WIDNES WHITE Rosx.—At Grappenhall on Saturday. T. Sadler took ten wickets for 30 runs, Hill, T. Barber, and H. Smith also bowling. Score :

WIDNES WHITE ROSE.

GRAPPENFIALL ST. W.

J. Wilcock b Watson lO J. Warburton b Sadler 2 T. Sadler c Evans b W. Sankey c and b Burrows G. Inca c Gifford b R. Ellis cand b Sadler 1 Burrows T. Hewitt c Carter b • Sadler Watson l7 J. Burrows c Teasdale A. Bennett c Carter b b Sadler Warburton H. Smith c Gifford b %V. Carter b Sadler ... 2 Carter 9 A. Evads b Sadler 2 T. Hill c Warburton b W. Watson cs T. Barber Watson T. Barber lbw b Warbur- A. L. KayecT. Barber ton 0 b Sadler 4 F. Teasdale c Warburton H. Edwards not out b Carter 1 A. Barber b Warburton 2 W. Owen not out Extras

Total B7 Total 67 WIDNES WHITE ROSE 2ND V. GRAPPENHALL Sr. WILFRID'S 2ND.—At Widnes on Saturday. Sores :

GRAPPENFIkLL 2ND.

WIDNES W.R. 2ND.

D. Mail st Hudson b

W. Harrison run out... 0

Welling 5 G. Dean b Mottram 0 J. Albinson St Hudson b R. Turton b Mottram 0

Welling 4 W. Biggs c Banks b H. Carter b Welling 0 Mottra.m H. Berry lbw b Welling 8 S. G. Owens ly Mottram 4 H. Wicks run out T. Woodward h Welling 0 J. Hudson c Berry b J. Mottram cF. Haney b - _ Mottmm . _ 23

Joynson - IR. Clarke c Carter b J. Peters b Welling E. Banks c & b Joynson 4 W. Joynson b Mottram 13 J. Smith b Welling H. Rathbone not out 0 T. Lewis b Mottram... 0 Extras

Total 23 Total 62 LYMII V. MOORE AND DARESBURY—At Lymm on Saturday. Score :

MOORE. LYMM. S. Taylor b Lowe 1 D. Trant,om c Foster G. Wright b Lowe 9 b Captain Wyatt l7 W. Antrobus lbw Thorpe 2 W. A. Pollitt c Taylor Rev. C. Smith c and b b Antrobus - l4

Thorpe T. Forster c Burwell b Smith b Forster l3

Thorpe Captain Wyatt not out 18 H. S. Saville c and b J. Smith b Thorpe J. Knight beThorpe G. Basnett la Thorpe 0 R. C. Wilks b Taylor 4 H. Antrobus b Thorpe 0 A...Pollitt b Forster .. 5 C. Kilshaw b Lowe ...

b Taylor J. W. Gibbon not out 0 F. Parris c& b Taylor 3 Extras

Total 5O Total 121 ST. PAUL'S V. HELSBY.—At Helsby on Saturday. Score :

ST. PAUL'S. HELSBY. J. Ward b Shaw 29 H. Shaw c Ward b F. Gardner b Shaw 7 Lawless 0 P. Parkes bW. Wilde ... 0. W. Wilde b Forster S. Mason lbw b W.. A. Cooke c Seed b Wilde 1 Forster W. Lawless b Shaw 5 G. Jackson b Lawless 0 B. Forster c Cowap b E. Hind b Lawless 0 Jackson 3 r. Hind b Lawless 9 J. Bate c T. Hind b J. Fedden b Lawless Jackson l3 H. Wilde c Lawless b J. Barker b Shaw 0 Forster T. Seed c Wilde b Jack- J. Cowap b Lawless son 4 W. Bell c Seed b P. Gardner b Jackson 0 Forster E. Mann not out Extras

Total 76 Total MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, V. ST. CLEMENT'S.— At Howley, on Saturday. Score : ST. CLEMENT'S. MERSEY-STREET.

Strells b Podmore 0 G. Ratter b Aikenhead 3 Aikenhead c Podmore b H. Cross c Strelle b

Hughes b Podmore 4 Hunter b Aikenhead... 12 Spencer b Podmore Anderton b Rutter 9 Podmore b Strelle ... 6 Lee c Foy b Rutter Hatton b Rutter 3 C. Cross b Strelle Taylor)) Rutter 0 J. Cundell b Strelle .* . 5 Bmmhall b Rutter 0 J. Callon c and ,b _

" GUARDIAN " OFFICE, WARRINGTON, V. BE WSE ROA D WESI. E VANS, WARRINGTON.—PIayed on the ground of the former on Saturday. Score :

BEWSEY-ROA.D. - "GUARDIAN "OFFICE. Hayes aurrell b Nichols 1 J. Moss b Foster 9 Wildman c Woodhead b _ W. Massey b Foster : 8

Nichols

5 C. Geldera c Foster b

Whitehouse b Burrell ... 4

Chilton

. 2O

Winstanley b Bqrrell ... 0 C. Burrell c Wild manb

Hall c Liliord b Nichols 1

Hall

Tanner b Nichols Jackson c Kimberley b C. Woodhead hit wkt b Burrell 1 Hayes 1 Forster c Woodhead b H. Lilford c Tanner b

===== 0002601_19040723_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WORKS BOWLING COMPETITION.

"P. & K." WIN THE CUP.

Coptail Crasfi3ld Presents the Trophy.

Nichols 4I Bowls and bowlers have loomed large in local Senior not out . 1 sporting circles this season. The interest in the Chilton b Burrell Crooks b Burrell W. Wright run out O, in the fostering of that interest, the Works Bowling W. Nichols run out 2 Association has played a prominent part. To induce , Extras , 9 Nyorkiiignaen to spend their leisure amid pleasant _ country surroundings and in a way calculated to Total Total 79 bene,fit them physically is indeed a commendable LATCHFORD BAPTISTS V. PEMBERTON ST. CUTH- object. Engineered by capable Offi3iali the Works BERT'S.--Played at Latchford, and resulted in a win for the home team. Latchford batted first, and cow- Association has proved a gratifying success, the com- piled a total of 65, to which the visitors replied with a petition having been entered into with spirit from total of 42. Lester made top score for Latchford, and beginning to, end. Saturday witnessed the final and Huathad the best bowling analysis. Pearson and Knowles No. 1 and Cheshire Lines teams . gave battle for the handsxne trophy presented by Mr. Finlayson. Excitement ran high, and over 400 specta- tors surrounded the King and Queen green. Among tht, company present during the afternoon were WARRINGTON CONSERVATIVE CLUB V. ALTRINCHAM Captain George Crosfield (president of the association), CONSERVATIVE CLUB.--ThiS Mltch was played on Satur- Messrs. A. H. Crosfield, S. Taylor, G. L. Brimelow day at Altrincham, and after a close game the home and., T. .1. Hulse (vice-presidents), gr. Bunch (Pearson team won by 63 points. Score : and Knowles),and Mr. Walker and Mr. Bowers(Cheshire S. D. S. D. ALTRINCH A.M. WARRINGTON. Lines.) The wytther Was delightful, the sun shining W. W. Baker ll 115 J. P. Taylor 0 1 genially from a blue sky. J. Armstrong A. Huxley E. Green T. Nolan T. J. Farrell ll. H. Hughes 4 ' , fully justified the confidence of their supporters and H. Meadows T. Yarwood 7f " Charles Wells ...... 11 , Everyone will be willing to concede that "P. & K." T. Blagburn J. Shaw llll P. Richardson ll 15 and yet so far "last year, for after a plucky fight in the H. Hall W. Turner J. Farrell W. Palmer J. Clarke W. Atherton 2J T. Sutton .... .. .. 11 10 , testants have indulged in, the green was in a " fiery " G. H. Worthington 111 lc J. Hesketh H. Suggett - H Booth 9 9 wood near the Jack. On the whole play was extremely E. Ducker 11) 1- F. Price ll • good, and the spectators were well pleased. To the J. Medcalf R. Nolan 11) „ J. T. Tweedale ll iplayers, who all appeared thoroughly in earnest about J. Yarwood lll " H Crosby j- 3 h • 4 , t , eir games. T. Farrell 9 .} NV J. Wilson 10 11 1 I The first pair to try conclusions were Peter Ball and R. Leaf ll Joseph Ashton if 15 ,J. Monks. The last named is the captain of the railway -- I team, and has played on the King and Queen green, practically all his life. He made a promising start, having a run of four before Ball had a look in. Then i Monks secured two more singles, but Ball warmed to Total 358 Total 295 I his worlq and at the eleventh end the players were level Majority for Altrincham, 63. I with 6 each. Monks forged ahead, and eventually led WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. Iby 12-7. Ball delivered I his wood so well as to gain a I double. Monks retaliated with a single; Ball placed The following matches took place on Saturday oa I another to his credit, but could not improve his posi- the green of the first-named : tion, and Monks triumphed by 15-10. Naturally the JOCKEY. CEMETERY. D. Daniels T. Hackett J. Melton ll R Rothwell 15 team, W. Mee accounting for B. Tomlinson by 15-8. A. Skelmerdine W. Mees T. Davies T. Wells ~ effort, but after notching a couple remained at a stand- G. Higham J. Holbrook 7 achievedmictory by 15-8. I A. Scott T. Bretherton 7 W. Hill .......... .......... 15 There was a keenly fought contest between Torn Ii Davies and C.Jorda.n.the victory being with the Cheshire J. Hall Lines trundler by 15-12. The players were exception- Total l4B Total 130 ally well matched, and although Jordan opened the Majority for Horse and Jockey, 18. scoring, Davies got on even terms at 2-2. After SA.NKEY CHAPEL HOUSE. LIBERAL CLUB. Davies had placed a single on the card, Jordan had a ' W. Longmore l5 R. Kerr /0 run of 6. Davies then got in a single and two doubles, W. Unsworth F. T. Jefferson R. Bedda,rd J. Barton J.E. Jefferson l5 A. Greenhalgh lO Lancashire County player of repute, accounted for J. J. Sparks l5 J. E. Warren 6 Holbrook after an interesting gems. Holbrook made a J. Unswortb. FL Houghton J. Plumpton J. Goulden l5 J. Middleton 5 i The forge captain then carried all before him and left W. Forster - l3l the green triumphant by 15-8. 1 . J. Hardman ran W. Skelhorne very close, in fact he Ilooked very like winning until the later stages. At the fifteenth end, Skelhorne was in arrea•-s to the extent of 13-6; but making the most of his chances he completely turned the tables and was acclaimed victor by 15-13. J. W. Worslev played creditably for "P. & K." and vanquished J. W. Monks by 15-7. Monks fell behind after the sixth end, and did not once catch up. J. Jennings proved too good for:F. Dale, and ran out after 8-7. H. Taylor, for the railway contingent, defeated C. Littlewood after a very tight game. It was really a neck and neck race, and the issue was in doubt until the very last end was decided. The detailed scores are of interest :-0-2, 1-2, 3-2, 3-3, 3-4. 4-4, 5-4, 5-5, 5-7. 6-7, 7-7.9-7, 10-7, 10-9, 12-9, 12-11, 12-13, 12-14, 14-14, 14-15. By a margin of one, G. Highain.a well-known trundler, beat H. Williams. iligham started as if he meant business and led 3-0. Williams was on his mettle, and the players were even at 4,6, 8,11, and 13. Williams : placed a single to his credit, but Higham was fortunate enough to secure a double and the game was his.

Extras

_ . 33

204 154 154

174 121 121

Total 148 Total 133 Majority for Sankey 15.

MATCH AT THE JUNIOR CONSERVATIVECLUB. The Junior Conservative Club players entertained the bowlers connected with Stubbs' file works on .Saturday. After the match, which resulted in favour of the horns team, the visitors were entertained to tea, an excellent repast being served by Mr. Herbert Hayes. Details : CLUB.

STUBBS.

SD. S. D. T. Clayton 8 51 W. Warburton. .1 13 R. Dagnall W. Langley U. J ''' J. Mather 7 G G. Molyneux W. Leigh ll f J. Kenvvright J. H. D3.gaall H. Hayes R. Littlewood ll 1 13 C. Hill J.Lingard 8 f J. Appleton J. Fit linghatn ll 143 T. Jolley J. Kay SO 58

T. Smith had to admit defeatat the hands of R.Roth- well. The winner began indifferently but did not take long to settle down, and when the position was 9-7 in his favour, he did all the scoring. J. Worsiev led throughout against John Smith, and won by 15-7. D. Broruiley's victory over W. Bowering was somewhat of a surprise, as the latter led 8-1. Bromiley;then won all the ends except two,and triumphed by 15-11. The following are the full scores :-2 PEARSO.N' AND KNOWLES NO.I. DIM; FI [RE LINES. Peter Ball lO John Monks (capt.) ... 15 William Mee ' 15 Ben Tomlinson 8 Tom Davies : l2 Charles Jordan l5 George Ball l5 John Holbrook 8 James Hardman... ... ... 13 W. Skelhorne l5 J. W. Worsley l5 J. W Monks 7 James Jenning Charles Littlevvood l4 H. Taylor IHenry Williams l4 George Higham l5 R. Rothvvell J. Worslev 1, William Bowering ll D. Bromiley

126 63 Majority for the Club 51. HAIRDRESSERS' MATCH.

The hairdressers of Warrington and St. Helens had a very enjoyable match last week, when they journeyed to Winwick and tried conclusions on the Hermit Hotel bowling green. ST. HELEN'S. WARRINGTON.

S. D. S. D. T. Smith (capt-) ll 1 7,1 G. Old&ld (capt.) 21 a J. Houghton ll ) W J. Showell ll}l3 J. Hedgecock, sea 5}15. J. Mayers 6 J. Podmore, jun... 5 S.Ray 6l 4 F. Shaw ll F.Jones _ .

S. Halwood llll5 P. Lawless ..... ...•11'1 13 W. Middlehurst - 45 J. Fitzpatrick ll 1_ 3 A. Lamb ...... —....... 11 145 H. G. Powell G. A. Mercer lOl 1.. A. Button ............ 10 1 1 1 W. Robinson J. Barr B. Barr

Total 164 Total 134 Majority for Pearson and Knowles, 30 points. THE SPEECHES. CAPTAIN CROSFIELD PRESENTS THE CUP AND MEDALS.

131 68 111 87 Majority for St. Helens, I.

Mr. A. H. CROSETELD had to leave before the close of the match to present the prizes at the fire brigade tourna- ment. Before takinghis departure he thanked the mem- bers of the association for their Kindness and courtesy in inviting him to be present. He was very glad that they had had such a lovely afternoon for the final. He did not know a pleasanter or a better way of spending such a fine afternoon than by playing bowls. Ever since he took a great interest in the game—and it was going back a long time—he had tried to help it on, and he intended to do so as much ashe could intim future. (Ap- plause.) He had never advocated bowls or billiards or any other game as an end in itself, but always as a means to an end. He hoped the game would so be treated and that it would continue to flourish, and he trusted also that the handicap competition which was due to com- mence on Saturday week would be as great a success as it was last year. If a few little prizes would help it on he expected Mr. Willett would remind him of it. (Laughter and applause.) The match over, Mr. J. Willett, chairman of the corn- mittee,lin asking the President to present the cup 4 remarked that the manner in which the competition had" been conducted throughout had' afforded the officials the greatest possible pleasure. Some time ago it was said that bowling was a rather low game but he thought they had taught the bowling world and those who were antagonistic to thorn that bowlers knew how to conduct themselves when they got on a public green. That afternoon he believed every man had done his lever best to win, and that the victors would give their hand to the vanquished and wish them successs next time. He was pleased to see so many representatives of the various works present. Their President, Mr. Samuel Taylor and a host of other gentlemen were always willing to help in anything that would benefit the working man, and so long as they had their support sport was bound to prosper. They ought to feel proud of such men. (Ap- plause.)

Captain CROSF/ELD in handing the cup to Mr. George) Ball, said he had enjoyed watching the match that after- noon. He thought bowls was a very good game, because they could go on playing it as long as they could walk. They could not keep young in body, but they could keep young in spirit, and a game like bowls enabled them to feel they were young even when they got old. His (Captain-Crosfleld's) old master at school (Mr. Bowen) —than whom there never was a finer man—played foot- ball until he was 65—the day of his death. He used to play with the lads in all weathers and it made a very great impression on them. He (Captain Crosfleld) thought very great credit was clue to their Secretary (Mr. Scarisbrick) and the committee for arranging the competition. (Hear, hear.) It was a versihealthy thing for works to meet like that in friendly rivalry. They wanted to get them into touch: He hoped the two teams would accept his invitation to tea, along with the officials. (Applause.) Mr. BALL, in preceiving the cup, said that last year 1" P. and K." were fortunate enough to compete in the final, but they were beaten. He then ',promised that they would try and go one better this season, and they had managed it. (Applause.) He congratulated the losing team upon the gentlemanly game they had played. They had his sympathy, and he hoped they would be successful next year. (Applause.) Captain CROSFIELD then presented each member of

===== 0002601_19040723_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
A TEETOTAL PUBLICAN.

CURED OF ADVANCED KIDNEY DISEASE BY DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS.

Rutter

-Aikenhead

Kidney Disease, when it reaches the point of causing sudden collapse, as in the case of Mr. Mark Young, I landlord of the Victoria Hotel, Victoria-street, South- wick, Sunderland, is nothing more nor less than poison- ing of the brood. The overworked Kidneys fail to clear the blood, and the blood becomes impure. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have the power of clearing out the poison by making new blood. Mr. Young's case is a good example. "I used to suffer from disease of the Kidneys," he stated, "and I was afraid I should never get well again. Shivering fits were among the symptoms. These used to come on so suddenly and unexpectedly that I was often , attacked when out, and would have to be taken + home in a cab, and put to bed in hot ' blankets to keep me warm. I suffered terribly at times in a way which all those who have suffered from their Kidneys will understand. I was nearly doubled , up with the pain. I slept badly every night, and had to exercise great care in my food. My illness was not aggravated by beer or spirits, as you might think, for although a publican, I am a trict teetotaller. I had been under the care of a doctor for a long time, when I happened to read in a newspaper of a cure by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People; and I immediately decided to try whether they would have any effect on me. They have undoubtedly cured me. "Before Ihad been taking them' for a month I felt a great deal better. My appetite had improved, the pains had disappeared, and in other respects I was quite a changed man. I persevered with the pills, and in a very ___ short time I was quite well again. My friends were Ttal o that I can walk twenty miles without feeling the least CROSFIELDS' ATHLETIC CLUB V. HAYDOCK LODGE • tired. Dr. Williams' *Pink Pills are really a wonderful Result of match played July 16th, 1904, at Haydock. medicine, and I can honestly recommend them to all ,

------ ~ Hewitt e and b Podmore 2 Strelle Chatman not out Hughes l5 A. Mercer not out 0 Extrs 0 Extras

Total - Total 73 ORFORD BARRACKS V. CHESHIRE LINES.—On the ground of the former on Saturday. Score:—

_ CHESHIRE LINES. BARRACKS. J. Duckworth c White b Sgt.Devenport b Duck- Clarke 2l worth 23 T. Dieley b Aldridge 3 L. Corp. Hayward lbw R. Brown b Clarke l2 b Duckworth C. Riley bClarke 0 L.Corp.White c Dieley H. Brown b Clarke 1 b Duckworth A. Naylor b Aldridge ... 3 Sgt. Milward c Jordan E. Dieley b Aldridge ... 0 b Duckworth A. Dieley b Aldridge- 3 C. Sgt. Clarke c and b W. Hill run out , 0 Duckworth S. Heckel c Milward' b Corp. Aldridge not out 35 Clarke H. Jordan not out 5 L. Sgt. Stone, Sgt. Cullerton, Sgt. Major Tarront, and Pte. Kemp did not bat. Extras 6

Extras

, CROSFIELDS. HAYDOCK LODGE. sufferers." _ T. Whitfield c Scott b A,L,cobban b Spensley 3 i Dr. Williams' Medicine Company have permission to Lowe T. H.Ford c Scott b Webb 1 ton b Spensley E. Unsworth c Lowe b F. Roberts b Dargon 7, of all the following ailments: Paralysis, Locomotor Webb 9 A.E.Hughesc&b Dargon 6 Atax.y, Rheumatism, and Sciatica; all diseases arising T. Atherton c Campion M.Campion b Whitfield 9 from Impoverishment of the blood, Serofula, Rickets, b Webb 36 John Lowe b Whitfield 4 Chronic Erysipelas, Consumption of the Bowels W. Brown b Lowe ...... 2 T. Waterhouse not out 2 . and Lungs, Anemia, Pale and Sallow Corn- 1. Dargan c Hughes b E. Webb e Brown b „ Iplexion, General Muscular Weakness, Loss of Webb 0. Dickenson b Webb... 13 W. Nicholls c Ford b ~ t Headache, Neuralgia, Early Decay, Ladies' Weaknesses, J. Dutton b Webb ...... 4 Whitfield u and Hysteria. These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. T. Dixon lbw b Lowe .. 1 T. Scott b Whitfield_ 0 They are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams G. Podmore not out ...... 0 Jos. Lowe b Whitfield 0 Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists, W. Spenseley b Webb ... 0 and by Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, at 2s. 9d. per Extras ............... 5 box, or six boxes for 13s. 9d. Sufferers are invited to write to Dr. Williams' Correspondence Department, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, E.C„ with description of symptoms. Particulars of cures and local testimony can always be supplied. .

Extras

7

Total lll Total Atherton, Dargan and Whitfield batted well, the latter also taking 6 wickets for 3 runs.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

SCALP HUMOURS

Railing, Scaly and Crusted

With Loss of Hair

Speedily Cured by Cuticula Soap and Ointment When Every Other Remedy and Physicians Fail

Warm shampoos with Cuticura Soap and light dressings of Caticura, the great skin cure, at once stop falling hair, remove crusts, scales and dan- druff, soothe irritated, itching surfaces, destroy hair parasites, stimulate the hair follicles, loosen the scalp skin, supply the roots with energy and nour- ishment, and make the hair grow upon a sweet, healthy scalp when all else fails.

Millions of the world's best people use Cuticura Soap, assisted by Cuti- cura Ointment, the great skin cure, for preserving, purifying and beautifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales and dandruff, and the stop- ping of falling hair, for softening, whitening and soothing red, rough and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings and chafings, for annoying irritations and inflammations, or too free or offen- sive perspiration, for ulcerative weak- nesses, and many antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves to women, as well as for all the purposes of the toilet, bath and nursery. Complete treatment for every hu- mour, consisting of Cuticura Soap, to cleanse the skin, Cuticura, Ointment, to heal the skin, and Cuticura Resolvent Pills, to cool and cleanse the blood, may now be had for 4s. 9d. A single set is often sufficient to cure the most torturing, disfiguring, itching, burning and scaly humours, eczemas, rashes and irritations, from infancy to age, when all else fails.

Sold throughout the world. Cnticura Resolvent, 2s. 6c7. (in form of Chocolate Coated Pills, Is. lid. per vial of 60), Ointment, 2.5. M., Soap, is. Depots: London, 27 Charter. house Sq.; Paris, d Rue de Is Paix; Boston, 137 Columbus Ave. Potter Drug & Chem. Corp.. Sole Proprietors. air Send for to Care Every Humour."

the winning team with a handsome gold medal, and each member of the losing team with a gold-centred silver medal. He congratulated Mr. Nionks and his team on the very good fight they had made. Alr. S. TIYLOa said it gave him very great pleasure, as it did last year, o know that the players had conducted themselves as bowlers and gentlemen. (Hear, hear.) He was glad to see working men Come together under such conditions, and he honestly believed that with perseverance and good attention on the part. of the officials, the competition could be made into a very good thing. If they continued to conduct them- selves in the manner they had done they could not help but get the sop7ort of the various works in \\Torrington. It was very kind of Captain Crosliald and his brother to have given their support. They knew thoroughly well what patrons they were to true and good sport. (Applause.) Mr. E. IiNOWLFN, a well-known howling expert said the Warrington Works Competition was a thing that ought to be copied by every town in England. Em- ployers of labour should encourage their workpeople to come out in the open and play a game in which there was plenty of enjoyment and a good deal of skill. Sir John Brunner had made four or five greens in the Wirmington district with the specific object of getting his people out in the open air. It was the practice of the firm when any of their workpeople went under the care of the doctor to pay the bills. Sir John's idea was to get the men in the fresh air so as to have no doctor's bills to pay. By encouraging bowling they were doing in Warrington one of the best things they could for the workingmen. A great deal was talked about temper- ance. If they wanted to get a man temperate and healthy get him out in the fresh air and let hint have a glass of beer over a game of bowls. Without labouring- the point he congratulated them upon the fine gather- ing that afternoon, and the successful ending of their second competition. (Applause.) I\lr. GEORGE WA.LKER, of the Cheshire Lines, said the spirit displayed by both teams was very creditable. His pleasure had been tempered with one little regret, and that. was that the Cheshire Lines had not been able to carry away the cup. They would try and follow Mr. Ball's advice and "go one better " next year. The Pearson and Knowles teq,in had their congratulations. (Applause.) On the proposition of Mr. WILLETT, seconded by Mr. GEORGE BALL, a vote of thanks was accorded to the President.

Captain CROSFIELD, responding, said he thought the separation of the classes—the rich fromithe poor—which was very marked in England, and wits perhaps becoming more so, was a dreadful thing. That was one of the reasons why he was so very keen on the National Ser- vice League, because it would draw the classes together. The rich man would have to serve alongside his poorer brother in the ranks, unless he could show he was fit to be an officer. He was in favour of a national democratic militia on the Swiss lines, which would du everybody all the good in the world, and would help to secure the greatest happiness of the greatest number. That was surely what thoy were aiming at. (Applause). Mr. KNOWLES proposed a vote of thanks to the able Secretary, Mr. F. Scarisbrick. No organimation, he said, could succeed unless they had a good secretary. He was the bed rock of the whole association, and from his (Mr. Knowles's) experience of Mr. Scarisbrick he was sure they could not find a batter man to undertake the duties. He also spoke highly of the services of the officials generally. The motion was heartily passed. The players and officials adjourned to the hotel and partook of tea, after which a number of toasts were honoured and a few congratulatory speeches made. Sow's were rendered by Messrs. George Ball, George Higham, J. Gibbons, A. Boardraan, W. Walker, and Hulse, jun.

unite in recommending Pure Cocoa as a most im- portant article of food.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
ce 9 Cocoa _

is first amongst Food Beverages because of its absolute purity, and free- dom from admixture of

any kind.

"THE LANCET" says: "CADBURY'S is the Standard of Highest Purity at present attainable in regard to Cocoa." "HEALTH" says: " CAD- BURY'S Cocoa is a food alike suitable for building up the growing body and repairing the waste incidental to all the processes of life." "GU Y' S HOSPITAL GAZETTE" says: "CADBURY'S Cocoa is the highest type of a pure Cocoa, most tempting to the palate, and possessing high nutritive power." CADBURY'S-

Absolutely Pure

therefore Best.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
I

j ;

`1; ,

• I 1 it

1'„

..1

===== 0002601_19040723_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
"0-o:amtner ivertes

Ig " WADDINGTON AND M/D-CERSHIRIC illirsvitsza." published every iaturrls— morning. " gARLSCSTOWN AAD virro gXA.AINita, 1. published every Friday afternoon. 'F ag "ST. figraggs Ex &MINIM,' published every Irr;day afternoon. T" " RUNCORN ELLAINND.," published every Friday afternoon. published every Friday afternoon. PR RIP A I i) 4.llTaf %NTS WANTED APA FIT:VI:NTS TO LET ARTICLES LOST ARTICLES FOUND

?ID V FIT? TI3 PCNISN T HOUSES WANTED HOUSES TO '3E Sou) MISCELLANEWS vV ANTS BIDWELL kNEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 . 3d. ... 31. id. ... 6s. Od. 54

===== 0002601_19040723_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
13orneltir Roerbants, et.

WANTED honest GIRL. 14 er 15 for farm.—Address G. F. " Raßminer " Office. Werrinoton.

WANTED,experfeneed GENERAL for July.--APPIT Mn. HOLT, Moorsine, Tonge Moore rd, Bcbßon,Laneashire.

WANTED, good GENER4,,L ; good home. good wage.— Referericee Btinric Belmont,Wilpshlre. nr. Blackburn.

WANTED, a g-oat GENERAL. one used to plain cooking. —ANDERSON'S CENTRAL RESTAURANT, Skipton St.,

Morecambe.

WANTRD, a respectable GRNER &L. References, wages £lB.—Nrs. JAcgsoN, near Barton and Broughton Station, Preston.

AN 'TRD,good Exoerienc-d MINIM L for mall family WEsTonr,4,Fraser road.fligher Crump- tall, Manchester.

WANTEM Good CIBNINIAL, Steady, honest and not afrall of work.—Apply CHESHIRE MIDLAND HOTEL. Male, near Altrine.hans.

RS. SURTRRS, Hftwthora Bsnk Newton-le-Willows, ' WAnts a GRNRRAL SHRVANT, family of three, light washing, references,

\AT ANTHO GtiNfitLAL Sliii.VA.Nl' about 17, three in family, write with reference.—Bira VABLEY, 9 kiarghside rd., Southport.

AGIINOY requires all classes of VT SHILVAN IS at 7 l,FaturvrowriF ST., Farnwortb,Widnes; opposite the Old Chur3b.

VIVANTRD. good GRNRRAL SRRVANT, abont 25; eight in family. No farm work.—Atre, TICKLE. New Hall, Eeariabrick, near Ormakirk.

WANTED, High-class and Plai,, COOKS, Parlour and Housemaids. Generals, private r.nd public.—Mrs. BEATTIE. Chapel street, Preston.

ANTHD GSM:MAL : wash: family three : references: £18: 20 to 30.—Apply by letter. Mrs. Dr. HAROLD BEvISHAW, Brooklands. Cheshire.

lITANTHD. well DOIIiESTIOATBD PERSON, young or middle aged for small fancily, good home, references required-45, LANCASTER ROAD, Preston.

WANTIID. experienced IFIOUSHMAID-WATTRICSS ; three In family ; good wages glyen.—Mrs. HAIGH, Croyland. West Kirby. near Birsenhead.

NV-Minn). COOKS, Parlourmaids. Housemaids Under- maids, Kitobentnaidt. and Laundress for Borth Wales, —Mrs. WitcocK, Cheapside, Lancaster.

ISITARTED. for HOTBLS, WAITRRiSBS, Cooks, Kitchen- maids, Housemaid-Waitresses, and 40 Generals, to wait.—Mrs. PRESTON'S Registry, Blackpool.

HOUSBMAID-WAITRESS, Good references. Y abstainer. Wages £2O. Three maids kept.—Mrs. GREENHALGH, Wall field. Whitefield, Manchester.

„ LL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country or town.public and private.—Call or write Miss HARRISON'S only office). 6,oldbam street, Manchester. Established 1862.

ITUATI ON WANTED by experienced COOK, where kitchen mid and scullery maid are kept ; perman.at or temporary ; good references.—A..idress Miro. 8., Post 01117 e, Kirkby Lonsdale

(100 K-I WANTHD £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitress £lB kJ to £22, Generals £lB to ZZO. Girls £l4, excellent places. No connection with soy other office. —Write to HARRISON'S 6, Oldham street. Manchester.

LACKPOOL.—WANTIRD immediately, several GOOD .I_l SERVANTS fry hotels, boarding and private houtws, schools &c., good wages, state age, experience &c.—Mrs. DEAN, 31, Talbot Rd.. Blackpool.

ALL CLASSES OP SITUATIONS, private and public good homes. ercellent wages ; places in town.country and seaside.—Wrlte to FiAßßlsores OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Ellanteb.

TosAcco —1 mqrt young iady to manage and work up busineaa,—PEAßCE, Tobacconist. Rugby.

WANTRD, labels from the pound tins of Milkmaid Milk, Good price offered.—' 8..' Guest Rd , Barnsley.

QUNLIGHT or LIFKBUOY TOPS WANTHD ; d. doz. Cash by return.—Smrrit's STORgEI. Dedham. Hasea.

SIINL Ili HT, LIFHBUOY TOPS WANTED. Is. per 100; Matchless whole Is. 3d.—TAYLOR, 42,George et., Hull.

WANTRD, to adopt ()hild, any age, entire surrender with premium.-11, HARDINGE RD., Ashford. Rent.

EXCLIPTIONALLY •eliable Man, handy with tools, seeks light employment. SUTER, Warwick row Cottages, Cor,ntry

WANTED, LADIES and GH—NTLE WEN. Business ability. £2 weekly.—Particulars, Sm., 2 stamps, R. PARRY, Ogivy, Usk at., Bargoed.

WANTED, FOR AUGUST Ist, TWENTY WOMEN for bread and butter nutting and waiting on. Good wages And train fare.—Apply PARKER, Mersey, View Frodshans

WANTBD, 50 GOOD NAVVIES.—Good hut accommoda- tion.—Aprly on tha job, JowErr BRoS., Liverpool ferporatbn Waterworks, Beeston Castle, and Delamere, Cheshire.

TOBBING GARDENING WANTED, Warrington district, tl plants supplied at reasonable prices ; many years' experience ; abstainer ; good referent:ea.—JOSEPH MASSEY, 65, Slater it.. Latchford.

CIOACHMAN or GROOM-COACHMAN. 2i years' good V character; age 31, weigh' si stone ; married ; no family ; ride, drive single or pair; disengaged,—A. QUICK, 36, Water Tower-view, Chester.

SSANITARY INsPBCTORS.—L4,DY HHALTEI VISITORS £lOO to £350 ; several hundred vacancies ; 300 successes postal course commencing for Liverpool and Manchester Exams. Fee 256.—Mmicv4. Science Teacher, Sunderland.

1019.11TDIRRS H IP.— Smart Tonne MAN with funds required 1. by Liverpool Manufacturing and Commisaion firm. Good salary and one third of profits. Applicants please state amount of money available.—HAßDY, 49, White- chapel, Liverpool.

SOAP BOMBS, experienced, WANTS]) immediately for tOroad. Must have a thorough knowledge of Mottled Soap. Good salary will be paid to a first class man.— tpply by letter, stating references and qualifications to BENNIE a KITCHEN, 65, Queen Victoria et., London,'E.C.

QMAILT TfiVELLER WANTED IN THIS DISTRICT must be well-known and accustomed to stock feeding, for the sale of the new and concentrated foodstuffs MAKBAR HOP MEALS A.ND OAKbS for horses, cattle.calves. sbeep, pigs and poultry,NOT A CONDIMhNT! BUT A COMPLETE FOOD used only with bran. chops or malt mime or similar ch2ap fillino. Selling like Wildfire! Repeat orders by «very post. Sabisfactory terms to suitable man. Apply by letter only.

BNRMAK LIMITED. HOP FOOD SPECIALISTS, PRYMB STREET MILLS.CHESTER ND.. MANCHESTER.

FURNITURE, PIANOS. STOCKS, Sm. BOUGHT Fun CASH TO ANY AMOUNT, OR ADVANuIiS MADE. HIGHEST PRIORS GIVEN. NO CHARGE FOR INSPECTION. HARTLEY AND CO., 12, MOSS-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

JOHN WALKER & Co., EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY, STREET,

WARRINGTON.

JOHN WALICSR C 0;

'ESOOKBINDURS,

PAPHR RULERS, AC..

PRINTBRS, BOOKBINDERS, PRIN'i ,IRS,

LITHOGRAPHERS, PAPER RULERS, &c., LITHOGRAPHERS,

BOOKI,.NDIIRS,

PAPBR RULBRS, &c.,

Bitimates given for all kinds of work.

I)ELIVSRY and ORDER BOORS Printed Bound. Numbered. and Perforated to Order. -PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, PROGRAMMES FOR DANCES. • PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS.

ACCOUNT BOOKS, &c. NI APE TO ORDER POSTHILS A SPROIALITY.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINER OFFICE

fILKVHLRYB.—Mrs. FLITcnoFT; Primrose Place; terms moderate; APARTAIHNTS ; near sea. tram.

MORRCAMBIi,—APARTMEINTS ; every comfort and attention ; terms molerate.—Mrs. BURY, 23. King at.

E"TBOURriff.—Send post-card for list of all available APARTMENTS.—WaTsoIs,2B, Junction RdAtstbourne.

ORECAMBR.— STRAW'S Royalty RESTAURANT. ..0.1 Opposite General P.O. Oldest established Caterers In Morecambe. Large and email parties catered for, satisfac- tion guaran teed. Moderate privets. Cyclist accommodation. Motdinnen every day.. Apartments.

qfpartments, furnisbtb itlatiOo tit

MOHHCAMBH.—Mrs H. H. ASHWORTH, Hawthorne, Rouse, 10, Alexandra rd.; Bea view. bath; piano.

BLACKPCOL.—Mrs. WHITER VAD and Mill HASTWELL,S9 Albert rd.; 2 mine. from Central Station and Bea ; piano.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
ON rkfS, BtliglitissCs , et.

ri IR! PB BUS INlisS. to be DISPOSBD of at once cheap.— _1 Apply 100. WITTON ST., Northwich.

Oti SALE. the eldest CHIP SHOP in Bury; 3 tenants in 28 years, main street. —l4l, Bovrom ST., Bury.

go be trt.

MO LET, Good Dwelling-house, 48, Parker street.—Applv 1. Woons & BON, Solicitors, Warrington,

JOHN WALKER & CO., EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON. ALL KINDS OF PRINTING FOR CONCERTS TEA PARTIES SOIREES SERMONS BALLS MEETINGS Sic., Sic

A DDREFS or VISITING CARDS Printed from 1. plate or type. II A NDBILLS, in large or small quantities cheap nnd effeetive.

Estimates given for all kinds of work. SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPTION BOOKS Printed, Bound, ,Numbered and Perforated to order.

EXAMINER OFFICE,

fßiaellanous, en zales, dr.

HAY. —ALDERSON BROTHERS. Direct 'nap Or terr. 25. Brasenose raid, Liverpool.

PINTBRS' Old }rocks for de*troying.—B. HARRISON, 43 Alice at., Bermondsey, London, S.K.

CLOTH Suit Lengths, 10s. Bd. free —Pntterns. Dept. S. THE MHz. 87, !dill Hill Road Norwich.

TEA SPOONS, splendid quality, 18 2d. dozen, j.ost paid.- 1. WARDEN, 3 Derby street, Lonlon. W.O.

1)10TURII POST-MUMS on approvai.—G. W. THOMPSON 12 Valinger's road, King's Ly,in, Norfolk.

MAKB PdONBY.—Ten easy and profitable ways, 7d. ; genuine.—SECRETARY, 53 Vassall rd., Brixton.

STAMPS.—Duplicates, single lots,ancl sets. Cheap; appro val.—Rev. STUTTER, Acton Burnell, Shrewebnr.V.

A GIINOY.—Mateh-striking Novelty, silver, free samples II 3d.— PENDANT DEPOT, 92 Freedom rd., Sheffield.

vi_BNUINtI CABINKT PHOTOGRAPHS, ss. dozen; eend k3P 0 —CeszY,SGeyfield, Place., Carnpbeltown, Argyll.

BUTCHER4.—Genuine Trade, 45. main road, nice house, Rent £4O, price £1.40. -CLARK, 84 High st.. Merton.

PRYTORI AL' 0031 PET' PlON.—Special list to finish. Post free, 6d.— 'SoLvo,' 338, Vauxhall Rd. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

QANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers kJ well. " After one dressine I found 135 dead neat morn. ing."—J. BM" HelsthorPe. Leighton. " I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Poison."—C. Coo, Farmer. Bllesatere. destroyed 145 rats with it."--O. Munk. Offord.—Send Is Ed to SANFORD & SON, Sandy, Bed.. Sold by Chemists,

VOR MLR, small YACHT. 24ft. over all.—Aoply, J. GELDART,WaIney Ligbthouse,Barrow-in-Furness.

Q ILK.- Full Dress Length, handsome Silk, pleiged ; Baca- Ai See voucher 53.—FRY, 66, J.ffreys rd., Clapham.

111011HTTY MUSLIN DKICSS "Very Stylish" 108. 6d. Miss SessFonn. Churchill, liaunds, Wellingbcro.

kTAII.IPS.-35 rare varieties, and three high class pictoria Orostcards.3d—SmvTa STAMP Co.,Boscombe,Bournemoutb.

BLOINICS. Send 5s 6d. and get the best black mercerised blouse on the market. MKIITHYR BLOUSE 03,, Merthyr.

11 AN UFACTURERS'

LEARANCES.

ODD LOTS AT SWEEPING DISCOUNTS. REAL BARGAINS

AT "THE SIGN OF THE GLOVE," 25 & 25A. CHURCH-STREET,

LIVERPOOL HENRY MILES

AND COMPANY, SUMMER UrOODS 991 AT 003 TO 4,1 PER CENT, LESS THAN USUAL PRICES. SALE ON MONDAY. SKIL WINDOWS THIS DAY.

GLACE SILK BLOUSES. MERV SILK BLOUSES. SATIN BLOUSES MUSLIN BLOUSES 1) LAINit BLOUSES. CAMBRIC BLOUSES. ALL AT 4s. 111). EACH.

LADIlb' FASHIONABLE BLOUSES, in Glace Silk, 'English Satin, and French Mery dills, beauti- tally gauged ana tucked front, back and sleeves; all trimmed iace in shades of emerald green, petunia. and heliotrope. Worth Bs. 11d. to 12s. 11d. each. Ladies' superior quality JAPANESE SILK BLUEBES,tucked, back, front, and sleeves,trimmed guipure lace and motifs in shades of sky. navy cardinal, nil, pink, and turquoise. Worth 6s. lid. and Bs. lid. each.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL AT GS. 119. EACH.

Ladies' Best Quality, Glace Silk, English Satin and French Merv, SILK BLOUSES, handsomely tucked, gauged and trimmed lace on sleeves, front, and back, Shades of Cardinal, Heliotrope, Electric Sky, Nil, Grey, Brown, Amber, Pink, Rose, Cream, White, and Black.

_ The.e are beautiful gools, worth 12s. 11d. to 15s. 11d. each.

Special Value in Wbite and Cream Japanese SILK BLOUSES, in new designs, at 34.111 d., 49. 11d. and • 6s. 11d. each.

3 ALL AT 1 A 4. 1/4D. EACH. Ladies' Full—size and Fashionable MUSLIN BLOUSFS. large sleeves, trimmed lace ; usually la. llid. each.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
el ALL AT Is. U2D. EACH.

stripes, floral designs, and fashionableninnt sp2ost.s d . each. LADllib' BLOUSES. good quality Print, tiateen, goods in various styles. lvsande l Worth r- self-colours, o2mus b. r r 6. i , de ~

ALL AT 2. 1120. 4. _tin. EACH.

LADI Its' WOOL WiLAINIt BLOUSHS in light and dark grounds, various patterns, all good quality, Worth 4s. lid. each.

ALL AT 66. 111) EACH. Best Quality FRENCH DEL&INE BLOUSES, trimmed lace, beautifully smocked in shower spots on light or dm k grounds. Worth 12s. lid. each. A 3 A_1,14 AT IS. k/40 EACH,

CHILDRICIVS• PRINT BLOUSHS, Rood quality, several sizes, In light and dark patterns. Worth 110. each. MUSLIN SKI TS. PRIN r SKIRTS. SATE KN SKIRTS. SILK SKIRTS. MOIRtIT+ E SKIRTS. WHITE SKIRTS. RE AL BARGAINS IN rKIRTS. ALL AT I.S. O. EACH.

LADIB•V NULL-SIZR CAMBRIC SKIRTS, with three flounces, in several self-shades ; also a few dozen Print Skirts ; all worth Is. 110. each.

ALL AT tz. 116. EACH.

Best quality English print. also MBRUERISEID FAB,(10 bKIRTS in Spots, Stripes and Self- shades full sizes, some Accordian Pleated, and others with two or three frills. Worth 3s. licL each. MUSLIN AND CAMBRIC SKIRTS, beautiful des4gns, trimmed lace tucked.hem-stitched frills, in self-shades or stripes. Worth 2s. llid. to 44.11d.each.

Ototor Cam eptits, dr.

CYCLBS, High Grade, no comparison for price, material finish ; lists free.—AUDLYN. George at., Hedfora.

THE EXAMINEE.

JULY 23 1904.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL AP 2. 116. EACH

Best Quality. SA.TI4-817 SKIRTS, in eheeks.—stripes, spots and self-shades. This season's productions, Well made and full size. Worth 6s. Lid. each.

Superior QuaHtv CAMBRIC SKIRTS, trimmed five rows of lace, self shades, zhoice goods. Worth 6s. Ilc. each.

BARGAINS IN LADIES' BELTS. ALL AT 912.0 EACH.

30 dozen Ladies' Blacir Glace SILK BRUM trimmed black silk buttons at back. Usual price. ls.

BARGAINS IN LADIES' BAGS. ALL AT is. 612 D. EACH.

7 dozen Suede and Leather Wrist and Chatelaine BAGS, in various col- urs. Usual price 2s. Hid. BARGAINS IN LADIES' HOSE. Ho dozen Ladies Black COTTON HOSB, silk finish, fast dye. Two pairs for Is. ; usual price Sid. per pair.

SALE ON MONDAY HENRY MILES

AND COMPANY, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Mr. AUSTEN CHAit- THE SUMMER BERMAN'S studies of MANCKUVRES. his new Tobacco Duty have induced him to offer a rebate to the importers of stripped leaf, threatened with serious loss by tile Budget. The rebate of three halfpence in the pound on their accumulated stocks is expected to reconcile them to the situation, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer is cheerfully prepared to forego some- thing like a quarter of a million of revenue. It is the way out of the mess he ought to have expected to take. But, as Mr. HAROLD Cox points out in the "Westminster Gazette," it is no answer to the outcry of the critics who complain that the protective duty on tobacco is largely increased in ' spite of Mr. BALrouß's pledge that no protective legislation should be submitted to the present Parliament. When that pledge was given the Prime Minister could have known nothing about tobacco duties, and when Mr. AUSTEN CHAMBER- LAIN decided to increase them he - did not trouble his head about the pledge. This is but a fresh instance of the wholly casual relations of this ' Governwent to the issue raised by the joint pro- gramme of Sheffield and Birmingham. Mr. BALFOUR replied in a tone of gentle pain to Sir HENRY CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN'S demand for a day to discuss the vote of censure. He could not understand why people should be so unreason- able as to suppose that anything his colleagues said or did in the present matter must have some bsaring on the moral credit of the Government. There must be a debate of course, but it would be very inconvenient to the transaction of public business at all. He puts it down to the perverse pique with which the Opposition has all along objected to the series of manceuvres by which he and Mr. CHAMBERLAIN have carried the bulk of their party over to Protection. There are still some Unionists who cannot believe that this is the object of Mr. BALFOUR'S policy, and the vote of censure will be moved as one more effort to I enlighten them. But, if they want a clear admis- sion of Mr. BALFOUR'S intentions, they can find it in his journals, which no longer pretend that there is 1 y difference between his sins and Mr. CH4SIBERLAINS. Mr. BALFOUR could not say wh i the discussion of Mr. ARNOLD FOSTER'S pro- posals would be resumed, and it is improbable that they will be heard of again this Session. They represent one of Mr. BALFOUR'S predica- , rnents, and, for the present he is well out of it. Why talk about the Army any more until next year? Why talk about anything ? If there must be any talk, let it be as brief as the closure, or threats of the closure, can make it.

On the appropriation bill there will have to " some full and comprehensive speaking, and gr; BRODRICK is already trying to get Tibet out Of the running of it by announcing that the Britia.b force will be withdrawn as soon as its minion 1° accomplished. The Russian Government has.beea made acquainted with this purpose, and probablY relishes the intimation as !quite in the frontier views of its awn diplomacy in the Far East. expedition which has to fight every step is alwaYs to be withdrawn when its purpose is aecoar plished. That is the etiquette. But at Prr,, sent Colonel YOUNCHUSBAND is on his way "- Lhasa, and how long he may stay there nobodi can have the slightest idea, the Governmens least of all. Mr. BRODRICK says we will n°V annex Tibet, nor establish a Protectorate, Or seek to control the internal affairs of the count' in any way ; but it is manifest that no satisfactorit arrangement can be extorted from the Gra° Lama unless we have control of the internal affair° of Tibet. To keep any such tarrangement,'whaV ever it may be, by force,we shall have to prolong that control. This necessity is inherent with the situation. However, if the Lama persists in refusal to treat, the British Mission will have t°l make so protracted a stay that a Protectorate wil become virtual if not official. These are consider- tions of which Mr. BA.LYOUR would like to sal nothing whatever, and when they are discussed ill the House he will marvel still more at the Per' versity of the politician who will keep on saYing things so inconvenient to the Government, and e° distracting to the course of public business.

The education of the constituency in Liberaol principles proceeds apace. A new venture ba been made this week in the holding of two optle air meetings, and favoured with fine weather, ti'd innovation, so far as local Liberalism is concerve:v was a distinct success: The complaint ags/ the Liberal leaders in the past has been that tPill have not kept the electors abreast of the tin3esbe. political education, but such a charge could not .0 sustained at the present tfme. During the twelve months there has been a robust advocacy Liberal principles and the elector who is 1113; acquainted with thaw, has only himself to blanito The issues on which the next election is like t, be fought were lucidly set forth at the roeeye ings held this week. Home politics discusssd on Tuesday evening, but on the fob° a ing evening Mr. Crostield and Mr. Howes direle their attention to foreign affairs, and had lit'd difficulty in showing the hollowness of the plot' -re the Borough Member that the Conservatives we tt able to manage foreign affairs much batter tr. their Radical opponents. The mad chase to:h'e the Mullah in Somaliland is only a type _f "-va many "little "wars which the Government engaged in without adequate reason and gene °. muddled.

Not unnaturally perhaps, the Labour quotrril cropped up at both the Liberal meetin,s- chairman at Tuesday's gathering (Rev' Dunnico) who has well-known socialistic In, labour sympathies, made some outspoken reie.,"l, ences to the L.R.C. which coincide entirely Wlig the views we ourselves bold and have frootti,"o expressed in this column,. He also is of id- f. opinion that the L.R.C. is not representativo c'd Labour opinion in Warrington, and he addniee that L.R C. candidates were narrower than s°""t Liberals. This is a bold assertion, but is is 13°5 far from the truth. Labour is not likely, it Wit to us, to obtain the best and wisest service frt, candidates pledged to the arbitrary LILO. cons"o tution. Workingmen have as much, if not to hope for from men of Mr. Crosfield's starnr, Liberals with broad democratic views anunA thorough appreciation of the just claims requirements of Trade Unionist organisati°l3l Mr. Wilkinson Haigh, the well-known president (),, the Wiredrawers' Association in Warrington, gay; emphasis to this contention by pointing out ho much Trade Unionists have been indebted t° Liberalism in the past. At the same time, thnng;. a non-party man, he supported Mr. Croefieldang ridiculed the idea of the L.R.C. running date at the present juncrure. a Candi'

In another column will be found a I„,ferl frank and straightforward statement from Irno Crosfield himself. Re deprecates any suggestii;io —which we are sure is quite unnecessary on 0 part—that he has in any way thrust himself ill% the constituency as the Liberal candidatP. open secret that Mr. Crosfield gave the Liberp, Executive an absolutely free hand frfai the first, and they could, if they u-io desired, have adopted a Labour candidate.. 13;ir, they have reasonably and firmly insisted or t- e Crosfield filling the breach, and we are glad - tbs that he himself is fully determined to stand bY. party and not be deterred by" a handful of 1r;120 concilables "in the Labour camp. He puts :le case in a nutshell wheu he charges these men with "looking for a short oki Utopia." There is no short cut, and by f°r',..-11110 a Labour candidate on the constituency el L.R.C. would only be making their jo,ur:lt• towards the ultimate goal longer and more disu'l,- d As Mr. Crosfield further points out, it is ;vile policy to drop the bone for the shadow, ant:hot are very glad that indications all go to show "170 g labour men throughout the town are becoll3,-oirt increasingly alive to this fact. They stand tu "by far more from supporting Mr. Crosfield thaopiop adopting any other attitude at the general elect' which looms so largely on the political horizoo'

(lor Nemesis, in the form of the Warrington :low portion, is already beginning to cast her shillo- over sinful Stockton Heath. It will be resi:the bared that Mr. England and other speakers n:0) parish meeting on the Electric Light Quesk-iof pointed out that it was not to the interes'. Stockton Heath to adopt an olastructivo P°lo, i he against her strong neighbour, Warrington. fighting spirit has cost the district healviill ,in the past, and the inhabitants n il's again have to pay for the Parish Ciooo pugilistic pretensions. For some years Warri"l ; og has looked on with indifference to the gr°„,"elc produce market which is held several times 't,:keton in Victoria-square, Stockton Heath. As so-6-or- Heath has loomed very largely of late in thef,-00 poration's vision, the Markets Committee -no been considering the matter, and in the intervavo of the tradesmen of Warrington, seeing 'theY haaD the power under their own Acts to pret;hel markets within a certain radius of their own' ;jot have decided to have the Stockton Heath Inat,l,Bl closed. We learn on good authority that :jibs have already moved in the matter. This good news to Warrington tradesmen, but ibrost come as a shock to the "Heathens." TheY 'es mind their P's and Q's or tram fares and gas may take an unpleasant upward tendency. ob. Perhaps the most important business :tion mitted for the confirmation of the Edt- the Committee on Monday was that relating wood- appointment of a new head master of the Secrose ary School and Technical Institute and an ine' the of the staff. This latter recommendation wilt% opt outcome of an intimation from the GoverLa. sod Inspector that the school was understaff'"nted that an additional assistant must be aPllP°llo st or the grants might suffer. It is impossi . docii present to calculate the cost of secondarY estage, tion in Warrington as it is still in its initial for' but like elementary education,the tendenoY is evert to increase. The Education Committee, lic'iloars is fully alive to its responsibility to the rateNiess and there is not much likelihood of' to expenditure tieing incurred. The cornmitte." gr. be congratulated upoia the appointment (note, Robson in succession to Mr. Gow as heacill worl‘ Mr. Robson comes with a reputation for g 00", from the Royal Technical Institute at Salforteimeat was second in the running for the aPP°in when Mr. Gow was appointed last year.

to be d Mr. flit of British

3ioe ig 69. beeo obablY roil tier 5. JA-0 11%096 wee er t pre - ray tO 10b°aY 1103e135

jantrY actoll Grand affairs :whaV

nsidev to sal ssed io Per- „lying and so

===== 0002601_19040723_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
"Warrington is a smelly place" we heard some- (3o.e.say disgustedly the other day, and though the criticism touched our town-pride it was beyond refutation. With canals all round, a river through the centre, and Sankey Brook mendering many- Coloured along the western boundary, the ancient borough is certainly " high "at this time of the Year. This much of a nuisance is unavoidable so far as the town authorities are concerned, but there are parts of the town which might be made eeter. On Thursday for instance, the market 81o2ply reeked, though it was practically empty, and considerably more than "thirteen well-defined a.nd different stinks " assailed the nostrils. A little circular tour from the bottom of the "Barley "entry to Corporation-street and back down the other side of the Fish Market provided a complete olfactory education. Presumably, Wed- 13sclay's, tenants had "left a lot o little things behind 'em" which were getting the worse for weal% At any rate every 'ew yards introduced the pedestrian to a new aroma which, even as a novelty, could not be en- dured for more than a moment. Lime-street corner brought salvation. Here an energetic workman Was prettily painting a "pub,' and the homely whiff of" turps" seemed like eau-de-Cologne. We don't want to be rude, but we should likA to suggest that the Markets Committee insists upon a more thorough scavenging and flushing of its Premises during the hot weather.

Constant dropping wears away the stone, but constant complaining has not yet stirred .the re- sponsible public bodies to action respecting the condition of Sankey Brook. During the long spell of hot weather, the foul-smelling stream has been at its worst, and it seems out of all reason that the inhabitants of the neighbourhood should have to tolerate such a nuisance. The Sankey Parish Councillors are now making an effort to bring about an improvement, but they have a big task before them. Chle of the members in particular is convinced that the Warrington Corporation are the worst °fienders, but in order to ascertain something definite, a deputation is to make investigations. Afterwards the District Council, as having control ,0f a large area through which the brook runs, will " pproached. In the past the policy 'las been to shift the burden of responsibility from one authority to another. It is high time that some real attempt was made to deal with the nuisance, and we hope the course which the Sankey repre• aßentatives are pursuing will result in relief to the 401)g-suffering residents. Unfortunately, we can- not help having our doubts.

The British lion has been emitting sundry BaVage growls during the week over what has come to be termed "the Malacca incident," and with very little more provocation he would have linsheathed his claws, It is astonishing how truculent a nation we are. No sooner does some- -000 tread on our mythical but revered lion's tail than we are up in arms. Judging by the tone Of prevalent opinion during the week the people of this country are" jest spiliu' for a fite," to use a Yankeeism. The fact that only two years ago we e.cluandered 20,000 lives and £250,000,000 of money le Subjugating the Boers and introducing Chinese „4abour into their country seems to have "'eau overlooked in the general resentment tgainst the high-banded Russian seizure of the 4-• and 0. steamship Malacca. The national blo taa up in a minute, and we were talking of the 41e.diterranean fleet going here and there and .teing this and that before Russia could say the Lull' equivalent for "Jack Robinson." Fortun- tslY the tension has been relieved. According to 41,euter " The Russian reply to the British pro- ,test agrees that the Malacca shall not be brought ?ef9re a prize court,and undertakes that no similar incident shall occur in future.' So our amour -roPre ih saved. But is it not remarkable how 'eat?, as a nation,we are to put up our fists?

The break-up of the Ministry on the tariff rieetion is unmistakably proceeding at an expe- Rt,9d rate. The emphatic declaration of Lord 'allsbury against any proposal to impose a tax on 4e.°Lria means, of course, that he is totally opposedito rllll6 main plank of the Chamberlain platform. Oa eother hand,botk the Marquis of Lansdowne and 'he Earl of Selborne have formally made corn,non taut% with Mr. Chamberlain by joining the ecutive !Committee of the newly constituted 44:beral-Unionist Council, which exists now for the 13111Vose of prom )ting the policy which, according ° Mr. Chamberlain himself, cannot be carried °ll.t without a tax on corn. As the " Standard toints out, the action taken by the Foreign Secr.o- -q and the find Lord of the Admiralty is in mlrect opposition to the policy of the Government .declared by Mr. Balfour. A situation so corn- Pheated cannot endure much longer.

The 108th anniversary of Burns's death was i4ePt yesterday, not so much by demons into as 'Y private remembrance. Burns sang himself Vie hearts of thousands, and so long as Sntland Lasts so long will his memory be kepr, green. Of ?Uwe's melodies it has been said that they are "the very diamond dust of poetry." If they were diamonds, the lyrics of Burns may be likened to Precious rubies, warm-blooded gems that throb in the hearts of Scottish lads and lasses as much to- !l'haY as they did when they were first appreciated. fake the simple story of "Duncan Gray" as a 1)e. Who would have given a thought to 4'uncan if anyone else save Burns had written Ilibhut him? -What to the world at large would „ave been Maggie, the maid he wooed, and who ost her head" and bade Duncan behave him- 51f p But Burns's Maggie has been the model tc,o)t many Scottish Maggies, allowing the D.incans 4., take themselves off in dudgeon, only to find i,2lit the departures are more than the lass's can c7ar• So the Duncans, unable to he" the death" the Maggies, come back manfully, and they are ouPt,h " crouse and canty." "Ha, ha! the wooing For such wooing s the men and maidens are '''t,fttefut, and when the death-day of " Robbie " ljnes round many a tear of gr aitude is dropped tic'tanboric tilv by loving c on the undying (',nory of the immortal hard of Old Caledonia.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
lAROUR REPRESENTATION IN THE HOUSE

OF COMMONS.

p:rhe Labour Representation Committee this month 4Ys the first cheques in respect of the salaries of £2OO te. _;lnnuna to Messrs. D. J. Shackleton, M.P., A. thZtersoo, M.P.. and Kier Hardie, M.P„ the only th—e members of Parliament who have signed a„?, L.B.c Constitution. Mr. R. Bell, M.P., ),Ir, W.. Crooks. M.P., have not signed the New tie or Bradford Constitution, but it is expected that Lerooks will shortly do so. The L.R.C. had £3,000 t4111,„._ d before paying the first cheques, and it has now `l4cOrae of about .£4,000 a year.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
lIEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF

WARRINGTON.

ENDING JULY 16th, 1904. •Nv, el:),Allring the week, the following births and deaths birt"), tegistered :—Warrington Registration District 54; deaths, 18. The excess of births over deaths The birth-rate was equal to 411. I,oone death-rate from all causes was equal to 131 per I.llids:' against 14.6 the average of the previous 4 weeks .tlo,,,',gainst 18-5 the corresponding period of last year. ueath-rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases n!qual to 1•5 per 1,000, against 41 the average rate Previous 4 weeks and against 2.3 the correspond- le_eried of 1903. ages of mortality were 4 1-5 5-15 13-25 25-65 65—up. Total 3 1 1 7 2 18 Zlion-„,‘Aeaths included-1 from ,scarlet fever. 1 from 4ronlving cough, 1 from influenza, 1 from phthisis, 1 %tili; tubercular diseases, 2 from cancer, 11 from all .1,,r causes. tet140,...a following cases of infectious disease have been during t,'%e :—Scarlet fever, 16 cases, he • ' g - ria 1 case erysipelas 3 cases. 4111:pcta, number of patients in hospital, week ending 16th, 72. 4114 1-°Rol.oGy.—The mean temperture was 66 Fah., 1`11.,„ uerefore 7 deg. higher than the preceding week. ximum temperature 83 F., was recorded on the 40th -118 t., and the minimum temperature 52 F., on the Th just. Itita e .rainfall measured *lO inch. The general direction SE.

J. GUEST GORNALL; Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events. To-day the meetings of S )uth West Lancashire Spiritualist Union will be held at the Warrington Spiritualist Hall. There will be a tea and public meeting in the evening. Addresses and clairvoyance will be given by Mrs. Batie and Mr. Wilkinson, of. Halifax, and Mr. Parr, president of the National Union Services will be held to-morrow and on Monday evening. At Wycliffe Church to-morrow (Sunday, the preachers will be the Rev. J. Yonge in the morning, and the Rev. W. Young, WA, district secretary of the Religious Tract Society, in the evening. The Rev. H. Dunn= will occupy his pulpit to-morrow for the last time until the latter part of September. , An open meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A. Society will be held to-morrow (Sunday) afternoon. Mrs. Yonge will preside and Mrs. Moores will be the speaker. There will be instrumental selections by Master T. Barton and Master Pearce.

The last anniversary in Warrington of the Clergy Widows and Orphans Society and Clergy Daughters' School will be celebrated on Wednesday next. The programme includes : —Subscribers' meeting at 11; service in the Parish Church at 12; luncheon at 1; and concert and prize-giving at 3. An extraordinary general meeting of Parr's Bank Ltd. will be held at the Bank premises, Warrington, on Thursday next. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS INILNERA WATERS.—Advt. Factory-yard Mission. A flower service was held in this mission on Sunday evening. Many beautiful flowers were brought by the members of the congregation and were after- wards distributed among the sick and poor in the district. An earnest address on "Lessons from the flowers" was given by Mr. Taylor, P.C.M. Miss A Place ably presided at the organ.

The Non-Trading Inquiry. The Commissioners appointed to inquire into the trading transactions of the Corporation, officially informed his Worship the Mayor on Thursday that they had that day closed the inquiry. We have no information as to when the report will be published, but it is anticipated that it will be ready shortly.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-63, SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. A Narrow Escape. On Sunday evening the 5.25 car from the Cemetery was passing the top of Greenall-street when a little girl, about three years of age, ran across the streo and fell on the rails. Norton, the driver of the car immediately applied the emergency brake, and the child escaped with only scratches on the back of her hand.

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS in latest art shades.—J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

Ragged School Band of Hope. The 4th annual picnic in connection with the above, took place on Saturday last, when 95 members under the care of Superintendent H. Wright and a host of willing workers, journeyed by train to Frodsham where a most enjoyable time was spent. An ex3el- - tea had been catered for by Mr. John Wright Market Hall, which the members greatly enjoyed

UNDER the CLocx for GOOD BOOTS.—Advt. Warrington Man in Trouble at Leigh. On Saturday, at Leigh, William Whittaker,of War- rington; John Chadwick, and Edward Pender, Grastop, Leigh, were remanded charged with break- ing into Lowton St. .11ary's Station on July oth and stealing 225., a suit of clothes, and a pair of lady's boots. There was a further charge against them of breaking into Howebridge Station on -July 11th and stealing money. Sergeant Collard arrested' Whittaker at Warrington and the others at Leigh. -

„ Warrington Secondary Day School Cycle Excursion.

The above school signalised "Breaking-up Day ." July 15th, by indulging in another outing on wheels. A party of 25 cyclists left the Technical Institute about 1.30 p.m. en route for Knutsford, via Latch- ford. Several of the staff accompanied the scholars. After resting at Knutsford, the journey was con- tinued to Arley, where tea had been arranged for. A couple of hours was profitably spent in the surround- ing country, and the return journey being commenced about 7.30, the school was again reached,shortly be- fore nine, thus terminating a must sucuessful and enjoyable excursion.

A New Deputy County Court Judge. Mr. F. Cuthbert Smith, a well-known Liverpool barrister, who has appeared in a number of local eases, has been recently appointed deputy judge for County Court Circuit, No. 7, which includes Warring- ton. On Thursday, Mr. Cuthbert Smith acted as judge for the first time in Warrington, in the absence of his Honuur Judge Bowen Rowlands, K.C. His Honour is the recorder of Swansea and ojit the occasion of the visit of the King and Queen to tlfat Welsh seaport, on Wednesday, read the address of welcome presented by the Corporation to their Majesties, who attended to cut the first sod of a new dock.

LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS and SEIOES, UNDER, the CLOCK, BRIO GE-STREET.—AdIit.

• The Howley Ward Elections. On Monday next palling will take place to fill the vacancy in Howley Ward occasioned by the elevation of.Councillor John Evans to an aldermanic seat. The candidates nominated are Messrs. Jacob Sankey (C) dairyman, 21, Church-street, and Thomas Chantler (Independent Non-Trader), beerhouse keeper, 92 Mersey-street. Several additional nomination papers have been handed in since Friday, the proposers and seconders being :—.On behalf of Mr. Ch.antler, Mr. Thomas Walsh and Mr. Thomas Pemberton ; Mr. William A. Leslie and Councillor Harroeks ; Mr. Charles Roddy and Mr. Patrick William Roddy ; Mr. William Malone and Mr. Arthur Owen. On behalf of Mr. Sankey, Councillor D wie3 and Mr. William Roberts.

Poor Children's Summer Camp. Looking bronzed and healthy. a detachment of 85 Warrington boys returned to town yesterday morning after a week of unalloyed pleasure at the little Welsh resort of Prestatyn. They owed their holiday to the thoughtfulness and generosity of many towns- people, who are doing their best to make the poor children's summer camp an annual red- letter week for the boys and girls who most need the change. From all accounts, the sojourn under canvas has been most agreeable. Each day some fresh form of recreation has been indulged in, and cricket and even football have been in geat favour. Then the lads have had the advantage of a daily dip in the sea, and on several occasions profit- able rambles have been organized. Prestatyn Moun- tain was climbed on Monday, and on Wednesday Dyseth was visited, the boys being delighted with the beautiful country. A kind-hearted landlady upon whom they called for a drink of water was generous enough to give each of them a bottle of lemonade. It is interesting to note the daily routine : —rise at 7 ,• breakfast, 8,30 ; dinner, 12; tea, 5; supper, 8.15 ; and. bed, 8.45. On Sunday the boys attended their respec- tive places of worship. Yesterday afternoon another contingent of 85 boys departed for Prestatyn in high spirits. Eighty five more will take their places when they return next Friday, and the week following the girls will have a turn. The officers at present in charge of the camp are: Officers-in-charge, Mr. Fred J. Emson ; assistant officers, Messrs. F. H. Aukland, A. Malcolm, G. Dawson, Alec. Chappell and Inspector Hackett. The cook is Mr. McFarlane, of Liverpool, who has had much experience in camp life. Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins and Mr. A. H. Lee have rendered invalnable services as secretary and treasurer respectively.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 23, 1904

Latchford Baptists at Frodsham. On Tuesday, the L itehford Baptist Sunday School had its annual trip to Frodsham, leaving Latchford Station at 9.30 a.m. and returning at 8.20 pan. About 250 scholars and friends made up the party. The weather was superb and a very enjoyable day was spent.

Local Band Success. Another success was achieved by the League of the Cross Band on Saturday. Competing at Bromboro' Pool, near Birkenhead, they carried off the first prize in the open competition against nine other bands. Mr. T. Hynes was the conductor, and the test piece " Recollections of Flotow."

July Fairs. The July cattle fair was held on. Monday on. the vacant land behind the Blue Coat School. Only 52 animals were on sale, and average prices were realized At the horse fair in the same place, on Tuesday, 101 animals were on the ground. The quality was rather better than in previous years. Business, however, was very slow,and only poor prices were forthcoming. The Manchester Ship Canal Bill. _ _ _

The litnchester Ship Canal Bill was considered by a committee ofthe House of Co,n.nans yesterday. The Mayor of the Borough (Alderman Bolton), the Town Clerk and the Borough Surveyor were in attendance on behalf of the Corporation. There was no opposi- tion to the Bill.

Sudden Death. George Happ, a carter in the employ of llessrs. Greenall, Whitley and Company, residing at 231 Liverpool-road,was working at the brewery on Thurs- day afternoon when he fell down and expired almost immediately. League of the Cross Band Success.

It is with pleasure we record another success to the credit of the League of the Cross Band. They competed in an open contest on Saturday last at Bromboro' Pool, at which the following bands attended, viz., Ellesmere Park, Bootle Borough, L:therland Silver, 4th L.V.A., North Ashton, Sea- combo Vies., Heaton Park, Warrington League of the Cross, Birkenhead Shore Road, Waterloo Christ Church. The judge, Mr. Gittens, of Kearsley, awarded the prizes as follows :-Ist, Warrington League of the Cross ; 2nd, L.V.A. ; 3rd, Litherland Silver ; 4th, North Ashton. He awarded the cornet medal to the 4th L.V.A. (Mr. J. W. Green- wood, conductor). This success is further evidence, if any were needed, of the abilities of the League Band. Conductor, Mr. T. Hynes, to whin great credit is due. BaCE BOOTS FOR ALL.—UNDER THE CLOCK.—Advt Cricket League for Wipt Lancashire. A representative meeting of the various cricket clubs in West Lancashire was held at the Patten Arms Hotel on Tuesday evening, to consider the advisability of forming a league for next season. Mr. Emmett (Earlestown) was elected chairman of the meeting. Representatives of the following clubs attended : Warrington, Wigan, Earlestown, Newton-le-Willows, Prescot, St. Helens, St. Helens Recreation, Widnes and Leigh. All of the clubs with the exception of Wigan signified their intention of joining the league, and it is very probable that Wigan will also join. There was a general feeling that the formation of the league would tend to increase interest in the game. After discussion it was resolved to form a league under the title of the West Lancashire League. It was further resolved that the league should be limited to ten clubs in the first league and ten in the second league. A further meeting will be held on the 26th inst. Music in the Park. The League of the Cross Prize Band will play the following programme under the conductorship of Mr. T. FlFnes, in the Park to-morrow (Sunday). Hymn " Alma " arr. by 'P. Hynes; March, " The Southern Cross " C. \V. D abey, (by re pest ; Ist prize North- wich Contest); Selection,"Crispino" Ricci ; Overture, " Prince and Peasant " (Round) ; Cornet Solo, " Ora Pro .Nobis " (Piccolonaini) (Soloist D. Mahoney); Selection, " Recollections iof Flotow " Round, (by re- quest 2nd prize Northwich and Ist prize Bromboro' Pool contests) ; " God save the King." On Wednesday evening at 7.39 the Legh-street Brass Band will occupy the stand, and will render the following programme, Mr. Fred Podrnore conducting: —March, " President " (F. Podrnore), dedicated to Job Swales Esq. ; Morceau, "The Turkish Patrol" (Michaelis) ; Valse, " A string of pearls " (Round) ; Solo, "The village blacksmith " (Weiss), solo eupho- nium, Mr. George Smith; "Wedding march" Mendel- ssohn); part song, "Annie Laurie " ; Grand march, "Powerful" (Carter) ; "God save the King."

ASTC for CIITNI•TINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS AIINERAL WATERS.—Advt. Funeral of Mr. T. H. Jowett. The funeral of Mr. T. H. Jowett, whose death occurred suddenly at U'rmston Station on Wednesday last week, .took place on Sunday at the Warrington Cemetery. An impressive scene took place out side the deceased's late residence,when the Ellesmere-street Sunday school, of which Mr. T. H. Jowett had bsen teacher, sang his favourite hymn, "Father, lead Thy little children early to Thy throne." Mr. T. H. Jowett was borae to the Cemetery by eight of his fellow-work- men, namely, Messrs. C. Furness, Jones, A. Bate, S. Reynolds,Starkey, H. Winstanlity, Gleaye,and B. Hall The chief mourners were Mrs.V. H. Jowett(vvidow),Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Jowett, Mr. and Mr. E. J. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. A.. Jowett, Mr. and Mrs. J. Darbyshire, Mr. and Mrs. H. Bate, Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Owen, Miss Lydia Jowett, Mr. Arthur and Miss Evelyn Jowett, sons and daughters; Misses L. and G. Smith, grand- daughters ; Mr. and Mrs. Jowett, Miss Jowett, Mr. and Mrs. J. Jowett, Mrs. Hamer, Mr. and Mrs. Kershaw (Halifax), brothers and sisters; Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Jowett, Mr. and Mrs. George Jowett,- nephews and nieces ; Mr. W. Bullock, brother-in-law, Miss N. Bullock, niece; Mrs. Gough and Mrs. Alderton (London), sisters-in-law, Mr. J. Gough, nephew. A number of friends also attended, followed by the mem- bers of the Ancient Order of Foresters, and the Ellesmere-street Mission scholars. The service was conducted by the Rev. G. H. Carnson, who delivered a brief address, in which he made a touching reference to Mr. T. H. Jowett's good qualities. After the sing- ing of "Rock of Ages" by the scholars at the grave, T3ro. G. Maybury read the Foresters' service with great feeling. Numerous wreaths were sent from relatives, friends, and neighbours, and a beautiful one from his fellow-workmen, and another from the Sunday school.

Musical Successes. We have to congratulate Mr. J. Kilduff, the manager of the St. Mary's Amateur Dramatic Society, on the success of his daughter, kliss Annie Kilduff, who has qualified for the diploma of Associate of the London College of Music, subject pianoforte playing, at the examination held in Liverpool at the Philharmonic Hall on July 14th.. It may be added that she has passed all degrees leading up to this examination within a period of less than four years, under the tuition of Miss Lily Green, A.L.C.M., 74, Marsehouse-lane, Warrington.—Miss Florence Whit- field, also a pupil of Miss Green, passed successfully in the senior grade, pianoforte playing. Miss Ethel Hibbert, Kendrick-street, successfully passed the final practical examination of the London College of Music, thereby obtaining the diploma of L.L.e.M. FIRE GRATES of every description.—J. S. GAR- LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, .Bridge-street, Warringion.—: Advt.

Bible -Class at Budworth. On Sunday a party of about 40 men, chiefly com- posed of members of the senior class of the Bank Quay Workingmen's Mission, with a few friends, visited Great Budworth to spend a pleasant Sunday evening in response to an invitation from Captain G. Th. Crosfield. The party left Warrington at 3.20, arriving at Great Budworth at 5 o'clock an excellent tea being provided at Mrs. Jackson's Temperance Hotel after which, sacred music was rendered by several of the party. After this they adjourned to the side of the lake where a profitable meeting was held. Captain Crosfield read "Ivan Ivanovitch " from Browning and after pointing out the valuable lessons to be learnt from the poem a very interesting conver- sation on the subject by the members brought the meeting to a close. The party left Great B adworth about 8,30 arriving back shortly after 9.30. The general opinion of those present was that it would be a great blessing to the thousands in our towns if it was arranged so that more services took place out in the open fields.

FIII3LIC BILNEFIT, UNDER the CLOCK for BEST BocTßin LANCASHIRE.—Advt. A Crimean Hero. The King has conferred the medal for meritorious service upon Sergeant-Major J. Nunnerley, late of the D Troop, Lancashire Hussars, and formerly of the 17th Lancers. The recipient of the decoration is a Warrington man, having been born at Wilderspool, and was the seventh son of Mr. Richard Nunnerley, well known in Warrington who was a native of Shropshire, and served in the Yeomanry Cavalry of that county. Of his seven brothers, two joined the Army, a third entered the Navy and some of the others joined the Volunteers. Sergeant- Major Nunnerley served in the Crimean campaign and was one of the gallant'. Six Hundred" who took part in the Balaclaya Charge. On leaving the Army he obtained a situation as stationmaster at Disley, near Buxton, but shortly afterwards, on the imitation of Lord Skelmersdale, becamedrill instructor to the D Troop of the Lancashire HusSars, and took up his residence at Ormskirk, where he now resides. In addition to the medal he has just received, he has been decorated with the Crimean medal with four clasps,the Turkish medal, and the F rench medal and diploma. FOR CLASS AND CHINA of every description try J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 53, Bridge-street. Warrington.—Advt. The War_ Memorial.—Proposed Open-Air

Concert. . A. meeting of the Workingmen's Committee which is assisting to raise funds for the local war memorial was held in the Town Hall on Thursday evening. In the unavoidable absence of Mr. D. Davies, the chair was occupied by Mr. Wadsworth.—Mr. Hannan and Mr. Sinclair attended on behalf of the Warrington. Male Voice Choir and suggested that an open-air con- cert should be given in the Park and collections taken on behalf of the memorial fund.--The suggestion was very favourably received and it was decided to act upon it. The secretary (Mr. Newton) was instructed to write to the Mayor asking his permission to use the Park for an open-air concert on Wednesday, August 10th. In the event of rain it was decided to ask the permission of Major Edelsten to use the Drill Elall.—The Chairman moved that a vote of thanks be tendered to the Warrington Male Voice Choir for their offer, and said he believed the concert would be a great success. The appint- ment of collectors was telt to the next meeting. Mr. Hope (hon. treasurer) announced that the sum stand- ing to the credit of the committee at the bank was ;£B2 16s. 2d. Various sums of money were in the hands of treasurers at several works, and the amount now collected exceeded £lOO. The Borough Treasurer (Mr. Fairhurst) wrote that the sums collected would be advertised in the local payers on the last Saturday in each month.—The Chairman thought the com- mittee might congratulate itself on the satisfactory progress which had been made.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING Of TONICS.-63, SANKE Y-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. Parr's Bank, Limited.

The following is a copy of the report of the directors to be presented at the extraordinary geneial meeting of the company to be held at the bank premises, Winwick-street, Warrington, on Thursday next. The directors, in submitting to the share- holders the balance sheet of the bank at 30th June, 1901, certified by the auditors, have to report that the position and prospects of the business continue to be in every way satisfactory : Including £65,561 13s. Bd. brought for- ward at 31st December, 1903, the net balance of profits, after providing for all bad and doubtful debts, and re- bating the current bills at five per cent, is From thil sum the directors recom- mend :

The payment of a half-year's dividend

at the rate of 19 per

cent. per annum, payable, free of in-

COMO

'tax, on 4th

August £162,307 10 0 The transfer to Bank

Premises Account.. 15,000 0 0

The transfer to Officers' Pension

and Provident Fund . 5,000 0 0

182,307

10 0

Leaving baiance to be carried to next account

A branch of the bank has been opened at Dukifineld, Cheshire.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

PRIMROSE Pregic.—On Saturday afternoon some of the wardens and sub-wardens and their wives and friends had a successful picnic to Oulton Park, the seat of Sir Philip de Grey Egerton. Mr. Dallow had made admir- able arrangements. THE OPEN AIR SERVICES.—The weather having been favourable several of these services have been held on Sunday evenings and have been, on the whole, well attended. They are held under the Big Tree in Red- lane, and at the bottom of the chapel steps on the broad open space. The Rev. J. S. Hughes conducted the service on Sunday evening last, and preached on "How to live," taking as his teat Titus h. 12. Special hymn papers were provided and the hymns were heartily sung. The service lasted rather less than an hour and was evidently enjoyed. WALKING DAY.—Yesterday witnessed the annual children's festival in the village known as Walking Day. The village was gay with flags/and bunting and the beautiful fine weather contributed to the success of the festival. In the early afternoon, the children attended service in St. Thomas's Church, when the Vicar (Rev. H. V. Pigot) officia'ed. Immediately after the service, the children formed in processional order, and formed a charming spectacle as they made a circui- tous tour through the village. The Blue Coat Band headed the procession and the clergy in attendance were the Rev. H. V. Pigot and the Rev. C. A. M. Evans (curate). The infants afterwards adjourned to the Church InstitUte for tea and the older scholars were entertained at the schools. Altogether about 1,000 children were catered for. After tea, an adjournment was made to the Brewery Park where the scholars dis- ported themselves and competed for prizes in athletic contests.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S

1/- TINS

ASSORTED BISCUITS.

CONTAINING 12 KINDS:

OVAL RICH TEA POLO KIEL FINGERS ALEXANDRA HANOVER RAGLAN THIN ARROWROOT CREAM CRACKERS

MEXICAN I MILK OATII WAFERS J CHEESE WAFERS

===== 0002601_19040723_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH AND FUNERAL OF MRS. BIRTLES.

We announce with regret, which will be shared by very Many of our readers, the death of Mrs. Birtles, wife of Mr. Thomas Birtles, photographer, of Legh House Studio, who passed away at her residence, Brant- wood, Fearnhead, on Monday. The deceased lady had had a very brief illness,for it was only on the previous Tuesday that Dr. Joseph was called in. Her condition became so critical that on Wednesday the whole of the family were summoned. There was a slight rally on Sunday, when prayers for her recovery were offered at Christ Church, Padgate, the Parish Church, and Wycliffe Congregational Church. The deceased lady had attended the last-named place of worship. On Monday Mrs. Birtles had a relapse and passed away at 12.30 in the afternoon. For her pleasant and sympathetic disposition, and many good qualities, the deceased lady was held in esteem by a large circle of friends who received the news of her death with profound • regret. She was 68 years of age.—The funeral took place at Hill Cliffe graveyard on Thursday afternoon and was attended by the relatives and a few old friends. A short service was conducted at the house by the Rev.'John Yonge, and the corbSge left for the graveyard at 11.30. The last rites were per- formed by the Rev. John Yonge who was accompanied by the Rev. W. Pollock Hill. vicar of Padgate. On the coffin was placed a beautiful wreath from the members of the family. It consisted of crimson ramblers and roses from the deceased lady's garden. Other wreaths were sent by :—Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Browne, Dorothy and Norman, Mr. and Mrs. L. Birtles, Mr. and Mrs. James C. Bate, Roger and Basil, Mr. and Mrs. J. Foster Jackson. Mr. W. H. Grimsdale (Twickenham), Edith and Mabel Grimsdale, Mildred Jackson, Mr. and Mrs. T. lace, Mrs. Longshavv and family, Rev. J. and Mrs. Yonge, Rev. W. and Mrs. Pollock-Hill, Mr. and Mrs. Roger Bate, Mr. and Mrs. Warwick Brookes (Manchester), Mrs. Peter Leigh and family, Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Howard, Mr. and Mrs. Main- waring and family, Mr. and Mrs. William Gil i and family, Mr. and Mrs. William Richardson, Mr. and Mrs. .Tames Richardson, Mr. and Mrs. John E. Richardson, Mr. and Mrs. John Bennett and family, Mrs. T. Tunstall and family, Mrs. and Miss Shaw Green, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Roberts, Mr. and Mrs. R. Silcock and family: Mr. and Mrs. A. Silcock. Mr. and Mrs. W. Pierpoirit and family, Phyllis and Doris Unsworth, Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Roberts, Mrs. Goulden and family, Mr. and Mrs. James Gandy, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Gandy, Mr. and Mrs. T. Grainger, Mr. and Mrs. Hodgkinson, Miss E. Brown, Mr. R. Garnett, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Mason, Mr. and Mrs. Atkinson, Mr. and Mrs. T. Longton, Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Forshaw, the Misses Partington, Mr. James Whittaker, Sergeant and Mrs. Heath, Sergeant and Mrs. Mellor, Harriet and Alice (maids), George Newton (milk boy).

===== 0002601_19040723_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

===== 0002601_19040723_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIAL SERMONETTES FOR WORKING MEN.

BY JOHN TAYLOR. Author of Search Lights on Land, Labour and Social Problems."

===== 0002601_19040723_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
LEGISLATION WITHOUT MANDATE.

"If you proceed to change the spirit and the method in which the laws are made, depend upon it, you will find a change in the spirit in which the people of the country obey the laws and reverse the Parliament that makes them. If you persist in mak- ing laws without the full and free discussion, which has given the people of this country confidence in the laws,and respect for those who administer them, you will lose that element in our national life which has made us the most law-abiding of people, and has given our institutions a stability possessed by no other."— JOHN MORLEY.

Big majorities, and long terms of office, and aristo- cratic rules, are not the best things that can come to us. We have had nearly nine years of Tory rule, with earls, and dukes, and nobles, holding the highest offices in the State, and what is our condition to-day ? The Government has quarrelled with some of the wisestand best of its supporters, and it has kicked out of office those who had brains and conscience enough to warn it of the errors of its ways. It is with the ut- most difficulty that, the Tory members can be induced to respond to the crack of the party whip, and the Prime Minister has been howled down, and refused a hearing, while the" Mother of Parliaments "has been turned Into a bear garden. And what does the country think of its legislators? Every bye-election pronounces against them, and either elects an opponent, or sends a supporter with a greatly reduced majority. Thousands of our best and most loyal citizens are in open mutiny against some of the laws they have made. The Passive Resisters, not merely refuse to pay their rates, but they "cheerfully submit to the spoiling of their goods" and gladly go to gaol for their conscience sake.

Do you ask me why the Government is so cordially hated, and detested by so many of its best citizens, and why men openly defy the laws that it has passed. It is because they have lost the confidence of the country, and,they are legislating now without any mandate from the electors,and in defiance of the wishes of the people. Every bye-election is a protest against their despotic and tyrannical legislatin, I.—THE TORIES CAME INTO OFFICE BY FALSE

===== 0002601_19040723_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
PRETENCES.

Nine years ago they promised us an era of peace and of do mestic reforms if we wluld vote for them. They said they could form a strong and stable Government, that would command the respect of all other nations, then "wars would cease to the ends of the earth." They told us that the money saved by their peaceful policy would give us old age pensions and find plenty of work for our labourers, and give us decent homes for working mai. How have they kept their promises? Did jihey give us an era of peace? No, they plunged us into thirteen or fourteen wars in nine years, and every one of these wars might have been avoided. Did they give us old age pensions? Well they gave a big pension to the late Duke of Cambridge to bribe him out of the War Office. They gave an enormous grant to Lord Roberts, for soothing our nerves by telling us that the war in South Africa was over, and they gave another big grant to Lord Kitchener for finishing the work that " Bobs " had left undone. They squandered millions of money on the land-owners and the parsons, but they had not a copper to spare for the working men, who had given them their votes because they believed their lying promises. In 1900 we had a khaki election, and the Tories were returned to finish the war, and restore order in South Africa. They told us it was a miners' war, and there would be plenty of employment at high wages for white men in the gold and diamond mines when the country was settled. They promised equal rights for all the people and self-government for every citizen. How have they kept their promises? They handed over the conquered territory to the tender mercies of the Colonial Office, and they sanctioned the importation of thou- sands of Chinese slaves, who earn thirty shillings a month. So the British working man who shed his blood and squandered his money in conquering the territory, is now elbowed out of it, to enable the mine-owners to make enormous dividends out of slave labour.

So you see on two separate occasions the Tories have won elections by lying and false pretences, and they have made a good thing out of their dishonesty. If a poor starving wretch tells you a lie, and gets sixpence or a shilling out of you, because you believed his false- hoods, you can run him in and imprison him for obtain- ing money by false pretences. But we have one law for the big sinners and another for the little sinners. A political trickster who cannot afford to keep a conscience, and who boasts, that he has an open mind, may ' beguile you with pro- mises that he never intends to fulfil. He may lie for all that he is worth and you will make him a Cabinet Minister at a salary of one hundred pounds a week. And when you have put him into office by your votes,he will turn and rend you and defy you to put him out again.

11.-THE PRIME MINISTER HAS BECOME OUR MASTER INSTEAD OF' OUR SERVANT.

The electors in 1900 gave lxim a big majority "to put an end to the war, and to restore order in South Africa," and he is using the majority he got for that task for very different purposes. If he had told us four years ago that he intended to destroy our Schoolßoards and water down our education system, and fling our fiscal system into the melting pot, and increase our taxation, and introduce Chinese slaves into South Africa, and endow the rich brewers, who own tied houses, and gag and muzzle the House of Commons, the country would have voted very differently. All these subjects are burning questions of a highly controversial character, and he ought to have consulted the country about them before he had rushed 'them through his khaki House of Commons. Gladstone and Disraeli never legislated without mandate, and in defi- ance of the wishes of the electors, and they never tampered with the liberties of the House of Commons as Mr. Balfour has done. If he had carried on these games two or three centuries ago, the next House of Commons would have impeached him, and tried him for his life on a charge of treason against the liberties of the people of England. We have had high-handed tyraats of Mr. Balfonr's type before, but our fore- fathers would not stand any of their tyranny. The Duke of Wellington was probably one of the worst Prime Ministers this country ever had. He knew what the people of England did not want so he tried to cram the thing they hated down their throats. They knew what they did want, and he did everything in his power to prevent them from getting it. He so enraged and ex- asperated the people that they mobbed him and spat on him when he went into the streets, and he had to be protected by .a bodyguard of troops. He wanted to plant cannon m Whitehall to overawe the people and shoot them down if they came too near his sacred per- son. But when the next election came and the people had a chance of voting,they made short work of his pre- tensions and banished him from office for ever.

In the days of Charles 1., Lord Strafford and Archbishop Laud defied the wishes of the people till they were arrested and impeached and tried on a charge of "treason against the liberties of the people in those stormy times." Men were hanged and beheaded in those days for far less crimes than he has committed, and if he, had the same liberty-loving people to deal with now, they would impeach him and put an end to his mischievous and aanprous antics. Our Parliamentary rules were originally framed on the supposition that the Prime Ministers would always be the servants of the State and that they would never try to be its masters. It was taken for granted that they would always be honourable men, and that they would resign as soon as they lost the confidence of the nation. It was also expected that they would be men who loved righteousness and hated oppression. So the law declares that any Parliament may be elected for seven years, and at the end of that period it must be dissolved whether it is defeated or not. Bat there is an understanding among all parties in the State that if the Ministry is out-voted and defeated on any Government question it shall resign, and appeal to the people, and if any great measure of reform is proposed., the matter shall first of all be fought out in the con- stituencies.

I Mr. Balfour has not been loyal and true to the tradi- tions of the House of Commons. He has introduced I revolutionary measures like the Education Bill, and his Licensing Bill, and his Chinese Labour ordinance, not only without the knowledge and consent of his con- stituents, but in opposition to the wishes of the majority 'of the people. He has not allowed ample time for the , full discussion of these highly controversial subjects, but he has forced them through the Ilc;use of Commons by the gag, and closure, and coercion. If he thinks he is going to use his khaki •majority to pass unpopular measures like his Licensing and Educa- • tion Bills,and to place them permanently on the Statute Book, he is grievously mistaken. The nation is getting tired of seeing him plundering the taxpayers of this country of millions of pounds every year, and dividing the plunder among his Tory friends and supporters. Sir Henry Campbell Bannerman has already warned him ' that he must not expect the next Liberal Government ,to accept his gagged and closured Acts of Parliament I as Mud settlements of these great questions. Mr. lalfour sticks to office like grim death to a dead nigger. suppose he is waiting to be kicked out. He does not like the thoughts of parting with his hundred pounds a week job,and he does not care to lose his posi- tion and power in the State. And he probably thinks that if he sticks to office a few years longer the nation will forget his dealings with public- ans, and parsons, and pigtails, and lose sight of his high crimes and misdemeanours before the reckoning day. Let him harbour no such delu- sions Some of us have long memories. t.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

Local enthusiasts will hail with satisfaction the decision to form a West Lancashire League. It has long been felt that such an organization was needed to arouse a general interest in the sport in Warrington, and there should be some large gates at Arpley next season. Theaverage spectator likes to know that the opposing teams are fighting for positions in a league. The fact in itself adds infinitely more zest to the games. The West Lancashire League will include many well known elevens in the neighbour- hood, and keen struggles for honours are anticipated. Should the league be successful,—and there is every in- dieation that it will be—Warrington will be able to congratulate themselves upon having played a pro- minent part in its formation. •

Warrington's victorious career received an unpleasant check on Saturday, To Sefton belongs the distinction of having inflicted the first defeat of the season, and, surprising as it may seem, the reverse lacked nothing in completeness. The Warringtonians appeared to be quite off colour, and allowing their opponents to compile 204, could only make 59 in re- sponse. Of course, even the best elevens cannot expect to be always victorious, but ;Warrington have done so surprisingly well that it was disappointing to have to bend the knee to Sefton. The result was all the more acceptable to the Liverpool contingent as they were beaten by Warrington in the opening match of the season. I hope our wielders of the willow will be in better form to-day, and that they will emerge trium: phant from their encounter with Earlestown away.

The Sefton batsmen were in a merry mood, and there was some tall scoring. A. H. Boswell gave a brilliant display and knocked up 56, whilst H. Blease was nearly as good with 51. H. Tongue was responsible for 47. The bowling of Lynes was the most effactive,his capture being 8 wickets for 86 runs.

It was most unusual to see the Warrington side cut up so poorly. In a little over an hour they were all dismissed, Kitchener and Boswell bowling splendidly. Kitchener took 6 wickets for 29 runs, and performed the "h at trick," whilst Boswell eaptured 4 wickets at a cost of 29. ,

The second eleven drew with Sefton at Arpley. Batting first, the visitors compiled 167, the feature of the innings being the vigorous hitting of J. Harrison whose efforts produced 73. Thewlis and J. Thompson did good work with the ball, and took five wickets for 44 runs, and three for 19 respectively. At the call of time, Warrington had lost 8 wickets for 131, L. R. Connor having amassed 54. His hits included nine boundary strokes.

St. Paul's made a successful visit to Helsby, defeat- ing the villagers by 17. J. I,Varl was their top scorer his innings realizing 29. A. Cooke knocked up 16 for Helsby.

Latchford Baptists, thanks in a great measure to the assistance of Lester and Hunt, accounted for Pemberton St. Cutherts. The home team had first turn at the wicket and compiled 65, the visitors being all out for 42

Cheshire Lines suffered a heavy reverse at the hands of Orford Barracks. The military men had an easy task for they got all the railway men out for 52, and then scored 203 for the loss •f only 5 wickets. Their top scorer was Corporal Meade (43 not out), J. Duckworth (21) making the best display for thp losers.

Bewsey-road Wesleyans were in poor form against the " Guardian " printers who achieved the victory by a 46 margin. Geldered(2o) was the most successful bats- man.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

44Congratulations to"P. and K." No. 1! They have played splendidly throughout the season, and richly deserve to win the Finlayson Cup. The final on Saturday was a rare struggle, but Cheshire Lines had to admit defeat. It was with genuine pride that George Ball carried off the trophy on behalf of his excellent team, and he generously expressed the hope that next year the Rail- way men would be triumphant. I can only re-echo the sentiment, for the team made a brave bid for the cup on Saturday. The officials and com- mittee are deserving of a meed of praise for the admir- able arrangements which resulted in the contest passing off without the slightest hitch. A full deqcripticn of the games appears in another column.

There was a jovial gathering at the King and Queen on Thursday evening, when Mr. Fred Clare, the popular landlord, entertained the teams and officials at tea. Afterwards an enjoyable ' smoker" was held, the event of the evening being the presentation of a pipe to George Ball, the captain of the winning twelve. The gift had been subscribed for by the members of the team, and was handed to Mr. Ball by Mr. G. L. Brime- low. The recipient was quite taken by surprise, and modestly assured the company that he had done no more than any other player to bring about the success of "P. and K." Songs were rendered by Messrs. W. Skelhorne, G. Higham, F. Colburn, J. Horsfteld and F. W. Scarisbrick, and the gramaphone selections by Mr. Smallman were much appreciated. A cordial vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Clare for his hospitality. Mr. Samuel Taylor made an admirable chairman.

To-day the match "Winners v. Rest " will be decided and the proceeds are to be given to the Infirmary and Nursing Association. The following team has been selected to represent" the rest" :—George Ball (cap- tain), Thewlis's ; George Holbrook, Rylands's ; Hermon Williams, Firth Company; Arthur Gleave, Whitecross ; James Holland, London and North Western Railway; William Hill, Houghton's; Arthur Shaw, Rylands's; Thomas Ellison, Whitecross ; John Monks, Cheshire Lines ;William Andrews, Orford Tannery; H. Daintith, Smith's Wire Works ; H. Fogg, Stubbs's File works. This is a formidable combination, and George Ball, junior, and his merry men will have tireir work cut out to win.

At a meeting of the Warrington and District League held at the Brooklands on Thursday evening, under the presidency of Mr. G. F. Freeman, the team to repre- sent the league in the return match with the Widnes and Runcorn League was selected exactly the same as in the first engagement. The match will take place at Halton on Thursday next at four o'clock.

-- Two league matches were played on Saturday. Horse and Jockey performed a smart feat in beating Cemetery by 18, and as may be concluded there was great excitement. Some of the games were close, and it is worthy of note that J. Berry, who had accomplished the best individual performance up to Saturday, was beaten by T. Wells by 15-8. The Liberal Club sustained one more defeat, the victprs being Sankey Chapel House. A particularly close contest was that in which E. J. Mitchell and J. Barton figured, Mitchell triumphing by the odd point.

Penketh Park trounced their friends from Sankey on Thursday, winning ten qf the twelve games, and com- piling a majority of 69. ' As the result indicates, there were very few close contests.

The following is the league table up to date : P. W. L. For Agst. Pts. Cemetery Horse and Jockey lO ... 6 ... 4 ...1542 ...1282 ... 12 Bull's Head Chapel House Fearnhead Brooklands Penketh Liberal Club

To-day's league matches are : Bull's Head v. Horse and Jockey. Chapel House V. Cemetery. Liberal Club v. Brooklands. Brooklands v. Penketh Park.

The Liberal Club main for the prizes generously pre- sented by Mr. A. H. Crosfleld will take place on August 6th. The prizes will be distributed at a smoker. to be held at the close of the season, and the donor will be asked to preside.

On the same date the second bowling handicap in connection with the Prince of Wales Lodge of Odd. fellows will take place on the Brooklands green. There is every prospect of a big entry and some capital bowling for the cup and medal presented by Mr. A. H. Crosfleld.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling.

The Warrington Club's run on Saturday was to Hunt's Cross. The weather was glorious;but as many members were away for holidays only fourteen turned out. On arrival tea was served at the Hunt's Cross Hotel, and afterwards the bowling green was placed at the disposal of the party. Several pleasurable games were witnessed. After a pleasant ride,Warrington was reached in good time, and the outing may be classed as one of the most enjoyable of the season.

Nearly a score of members made the journey to. Warburton on Tuesday evening although the weather at the outset was unpromising. The pretty village was reached via Lymru, and bowling was indulged in at the Saracen's Head. The return run was made via Warbur- tonßridge and Manchester Road, the outing having proved most successful.

--- To-day's run is to Davenham,and on Tuesday the des- tination will be Hoo Green.

Prosecutions for "scorching" are Seldom heard at, local courts, but at the County Petty Sessions on Wed- nesday several riders were dealt with for the offence. They were seen going at a furious and reckless rate in Lumber-lane, Collin's Green, and in turning a corner ran on to the footpath. The defendants, whose names were

Walter Moore, John Ball, David Baines and James Smith, were fined ss. and costs.

LIGHTING-UP TI m E.

To-night Sunday Monday 9.17 Tuesday 9.15 Wednesday Thursday Friday

Water Polo.

There were two exciting matches at the Corporation baths last evening. Warrington second met Everton third,and the contest resulted in a draw of one goal each. The first team tried conclusions with Everton second, and at half time were leading by two goals to one. The final result was a victory for Warrington by three goals to two. W. Ashton (2) and A. Ashton were the scorers for Warrington.

The secend round of the works squadron competition was decided. Pearson and Knowles' defeated Fletcher Russell's, Crosfield's accounted for the Co-operative Stores, and Rylands's were victorious over Richmond's.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
EMMMAI

===== 0002601_19040723_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

[Continued from Page 3.] WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

PENKETH PARK v. SANKEY CHAPEL HOUSE These teams met at Penketh on Thursday, the match resulting in victory for the home organization by 69 Scores :

PENKETH PARK. CHAPEL HOUSE. E. Bond . l2 J. Barton J. Bowyer J. Hi gham l5 H. Houghton A. Higham J. Graham l5 J. Sparks J. Atkinson l5 J. E. Jefferson 3 J. Shave (capt.) l5 R Longmore 5 A. Woods l5 H. Beddard 6 J. Wareham 15 J. Plumpton 6 F. Swift H. Bowyer l5 W Unsworth W. Goulden l5 J. Unsworth 9

===== 0002601_19040723_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EDUCATION ACT. The Stockton Heath Passive Resisters.

INTERESTING PROCEEDINGS.

The passive resisters question at Stockton Heath has reached an interesting stage. It will be remem- bered as already reported in our columns that the Revs,H. Dunnico, J. S. Hughes aLd Mr. T. Law were summoned before the magistrates atDaresbury to shew cause &c., why they did ir)t pay their poor rate. As thelpoor] rate included the so-called education rate they stated they had already paid what they ,consid- ered was due from them as citizens for poor rate but declined on conscientious groilnds to pay the propor- tion which they considered was being used under the Education Act, for sectarian religious education. However the magistrates declined to recognise con- scientious objection as a valid objection and made the usual order for payment. That was Act No. 1. The next stage of the proceedings or rather to be correct the next expected proceeding was the seizure of the goods of the passive resisters—as the latter declined to obey the order for payment. But although the mighty law is behind-them, so far, no one can be found to seize the goods. A deadlock has therefore ensued. This is Act No. 2.

Certain of the local authorities say it is not, their province to make the distraint. The police have been asked, but they state it is out of their jurisdiction at present. Various rumours of the reason of the appar- rent deadlock are in circulation in Stockton Heath. One is that no one likes to put an unpleasant proceed- ing in force against such highly respectable and use- ful men as the Revs. H. Dunnico, J. S. Hughes, and Mr. T. Law. Another is, that although these gentle- men are passive resisters on this matter, yet they will be bold enough to express their opinions probably after the sale takes place, and throw some light on the Education Act, and it is stated there are people in Stockton Heath who prefer at present to keep educa- tional matters quiet, as the parishioners may have their eyes opened. In any event arrangements have been made to hold a public meeting in Victoria-square immediately after the sale. But up to the time of writing no one as yet,has made a visit to the residences of the passive resisters. That will be Act No. 3. And rumour further states that when the officials of the law do make a visit, that in one case at least, there will be no goods to seize, as occurred in the Rev. J. F. Matthews' case at Latchford.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON MILK PROSECUTION.

Fails on a • Technical Point.

George Robinson. farmer, Hatton, was summoned at the Warrington Police Court yesterday for having on June 29th sold milk from which 10 per cent. of cream had been abstracted.—Mr. Stanley Wilson deputy town clerk, prosecuted for the Health Committee, and Mr. Brown p defended.

Mr. Wilson said Inspector Flood was on duty in John- street at 7.30 a.m. on the date in question, and saw a boy named Frank Mines, in the employ of the defend- ant, delivering a tankard of milk to a dairy. The inspector purchased a quart of new milk from the lad, and a sample was submitted to the public analyst (Mr. F. G. Ruddock) who certified that 10 per cent of cream had been abstracted.

--Inspector Flood produced the analyst's certificate. Mr. Ruddock stated that he based his opinion that 10 per cent. of cream had been abstracted on the fact that the sample contained only 2.69 per cent, of fat, whereas normal milk contained at least 3 per cent. Witness was cross-examined at length as to why he did not visit the defendant's farm and take further samples in accordance with the suggestion of the Bench in a previous case. He said he did not consider it necessary to visit the farm when the sample he had taken came direct from Mr. Robinson. Mr. Browne then pointed out that the Act said dis- tinctly that the certificate of analysis must be in the form provied in schedule of the statute. According to that schedule the analyst had to insert in the certificate the name of the person submitting the sample. The present certifi- cate was headed "to the Health Committee of the Corporation of Warrington," whereas the sample was submitted by inspector •Flood. Mr. Browne produced certificates given by Dr. Gornall which were addressed to Inspector Flood. He quoted a case in which a conviction had been quashed because the certificate was informal. if the Bench ruled against him he would have no hesitation in advising Mr. Robin- son.to appeal.

The ni,igistrates held that the informality was not sufficient to make the objection fatal. They were will- ing to state a case.

The Deputy Clerk (Mr. E. A. White) intimated that the Bench would like to hear Mr. Wilson with regard to Clause 4of the Act under which proceedings were taken: "In the case of a certificate with regard to milk, butter or any article liable to decomposition, the analyst shall specially report whether any change had taken place in the constitution of the article that would inter- fere with the analysis." He did not see any such report on Mr. Ruddock's certificate.

Mr. Wilson said it had been held in a case where a summons was alleged to be defective in the particulars given, that it was for the justices to decide if the particulars were sufficient. He submitted that the Bench had a discretionary power to admit or reject the certificate. He would point out that the sample was delivered to the analyst on the same day that Inspector Flood took it from the cart, and the analyst's certificate was received the following day. He should think it was hardly necessary to have a certificate that the milk was not sour.

Mr. Browne contended that the point was abso- lutely fatal. The Bench could not override the Act of Parliament.

After the Bench had consulted in private, the Chair- Man said they were of opinion that the form in which the certificate was made out was not a sufficient com- pliance with the instructions, and was fatal tc) the prosecution. It appeared to the magistrates to be a matter of regret that an important case of that kind should have to be dismissed on a technical point. It would have been far better in everybody's interests that it should have been fought out on its merits. Mr. Browne applied for costs. The Chairman intimated that the Bench had already decided not to allow any. Mr. Browne said his client instructed him that he had never touched the milk. He had no separator or apparatus of that kind.

The Earl of Craven is about to stock the waters of his Berkshire estate, Hamstead Marshall, near Newbury, with trout. He is therefore having all the coarse fish removed, and some hundred weights have been taken from the waters, including a mammoth pike weighing about 301bs.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
, HEALTH AND STRENGTH !husband John Concannon who alleged that she was an 7 - --, FIREMEN'S TOURNAMEA i. • ;habitual drunkard and asked for a separation order— Complainant said his wife had been drinking for the Nature's best gifts are those that contribute towards past five years. She was drunk nearly every AT WARRINGTON. health and strength. The active principle of the best night up to Thursday, and was a aanger remedial agents (sarsaparilla, burdock, gentian, lavendee to himself and the children. She had thrown saffron, dandelion, and quinine) constitute Gwilym a bottle ad a jug at him when she could Evans' Quinine Bitters, the most reliable tonic, purely not get money for drink. She was continually pawning Drills, Races and Exhibitions. vegetable. Health has many handmaids, and all depend articles.—lnspector Hackett, N.S.P.C.C., said he had on strength of nerve and musqle. We exact too much I known the woman for the past three years, and she had, --- from these in the daily competitivestruggle for success I been to prison twice for neglecting her children. She in life,and we have to suffer in consequencee--indigestion was an habitual drunkard, and was undoubtedly MESSRS. CROSFIELD AND SONS PRESENT weakness, nervousness, sleeplessness, liver disorders, dangerous to her baby. She was, witness thought,abso- I A CHALLENGE SHIELD. chest affections, and numerous other complaints. Now lutely hopeless. She had already signed the pledge six I all these are successfully combated with; the sus- or eight times.—Complainant alleged that his wife had taming assistance of Gwilym Evans' Quinine run up bills amounting to £3O, but this the defendant! Bitters, the best remedy of the age. It is safe, denied.—A separation order was granted, complainant f Never before have there been so many fire brigades in sure, and permanent in its effect. If you find to pay his wife 3s. per week. I Warrington as was the case on Saturday when the annual pa are almost unable to follow your daily vocation, . tournament in connection with the North-Western FRlDAY.—Before Mr. H. Roberts (in the chair), Coun- district of the National Fire Brigades'Union took place immediately strengthen your constitution by taking a cillors Thornton and Roberts, Messrs. Hepherd, course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. They make ,on the football ground. There are 31 brigades affiliated Burgess, Piling, Jolley and Reynolds. with the district union, and of these no fewer than 18 the weak strong, and give new heart. and "go "to the ILLTREATING A HORSE.—Walter Dobson, butcher, entered the competitions. The brigades commenced to weary toiler. They. revive the spirits and strengthen Knutsford-road, was summoned for having illtreated a arrive in the morning and were easily distinguishable the nerves. By giving tone to the whole constitution horse by working it whilst in an unfit state on July by their helmets, fire boots, tunics, axes and belts. The they ward off fevers and other ailments. No family 13th.—Inspector Gibson, R.S.P.C.A. said the horse was should be without a bottle. An occasional dose, taken Union visited Warrington at the invitation of Messrs. very lame on the off fore leg. Defendant had previously Joseph Crosfleld and Sons, whose brigade is affiliated when a man has felt slightly out of sorts, has prevented been told that it was unfit to be worked.—Defendant with the Fire Brigades' Union. As a further mark of many a long illness. We assert theaboveconfidentially. said the horse appeared to be alright when it set out.— Man is much more subject to the influence of his A .fine of ss. and costs (135.) was inflicted, their appreciation of the work of the Union in peomot- 3, efficiency amongst fire brigades, the firm surroundings than is generally supposed. The ill MONTH FOR ASSAULT.—Bridget Condliffe presented a handsome shield for competition. effects upon the general health of living in close, a Jolley's Court, was summoned for assaulting Michael, I The shield was allocated to the steamer ill-ventilated, and badly-lit homes, offices, or work- Scully, 2, Jolley's Court on July 16th.—There was a shops, are, of course, well known to everyone who cross-summons against Scully for alleged assault.—Mr. 1 dry drill competition and will be known in ! future as " The Crosfield Steamer Challenge Shield." has studied hygiene; while the life-giving effects of Steel appeared for Scully who, he said, was an army i The shield is an artistic piece of work and has been exe- sunlight and fresh air are equally well known. pensioner and had served in South Africa. For a con- : cuted by Messrs.Elkington and Co., of Liverpool. The The same may be said of the results of the various siderable time he had been subjected to annoyance by design illustrates the leading incidents of "Paradise climatic changes. The injurious effects of a prevailing the defendant and had had to complain to the landlord 1 : Lost." In the centre medallion, the angel Raphael re- east wind are evident to all observant persons; and the who ordered defendant to leave. On the date in ques- I cites the details of the" War in heaven "to Adam and I Eve in the Garden of Eden. In the panels to the left depressing influence of an approaching thunderstorm on tion defendant, after using abusive language, deliber- some cle.onstitutions has also been observed by most ately threw a basin at him and inflicted a wound two and right are depicted the rebellion and its consequences; peop inches long over the right eye. Scully was stunnedl l. . -iancing te the Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters may be termed an for the moment and the defendant then struck him in the former the Satanic hosts are advancing assault, and in the latter are hauled from heaven by the insurance policy against "catching cold," for it gives on the back of the head with a quart bottle, and heavenly angels. Above each of these appear the 'stamina and a healthy vitality to resist climatic changes inflicted another very severe wound. Scully became and is a reliable safeguard against colds, chills, and unconscious and was taken to thelnfirmary.—Condliffe eavenlous y hosts, either in array of battle or in attitudes of adoration. and praise. The border is composed of couehs, which frequently happen through the weakness version was that Scully broke in the door of her house symbolical figures, &c., typifying the elements in chaos, of the constitution being unable to resist the effects of and made a rush at her, knocking her on the floor. His .....me and Eternity, the Archangel Michael triumphing the changeableness of the weather. wife then threw a basin at her, but it struck Scully on .over. the prostrate form of Satan, and figures symbol- the head.—The bench dismissed the case against Scully ising sin and death complete the lower portion of the Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters never disappoints when given a fair trial, and no medicine has had so and sent Condliffe to gaol for a month. many imitators,but thepurchaser has the remedy against shield. such deceit in his own hands. Note particularly the During the morning several officers of brigades ac- name" Gwilym Evans "on the label, on the stamp, and cepted an invitation to accompany the directors of on the bottle (a threefold precaution), without which Messrs. Joseph Crosfleld and Sons over the Bank Quay none are genuine. Refuse all others then you will have Soap and Chemical Works. Captain Crosfield,Dr. Markel the satisfaction of benefiting by the unrivalled virtures and Mr. Kingdon accompanied the visitors. of this great tonic. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is ANNUAL MEETING OF THE UNION. sold in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each by chemists and Prior to the tournament, the annual meeting of the patent medicine vendors, or will be sent direct by the Union was held at the Lion Hotel at noon under the proprietors, without any extra charge to any address in presidency of Major R. Cecil Davies (Hoole). the United Kingdom. The Hon. SECRETARY announced that during the Sole Proprietors :—Quinine Bitters presidency year the following brigades had joined the Union : Company, Limited, Llanelly, nouth Wales. Nantwich U.D.C., Crosfields, Winwick Asylum, and Lancaster County Asylum. The CHAIRAIA.N said they could congmtulate them- selves upon the entries which were on the whole an increase upon those received last year as the following figures would show :—Hydrant 22 against 18 last year • "Harrison "hose cart, 22 against 16 ; steamer dry drill', 12 against 13. The other events had filled up very INGENIOUS FRAUD AT WARRINGTON. The story of an ingenious fraud was related to the well. Officer Gallon said he had a pleasant duty to Warrington magistrates on Monday when Edward perform, and that was to present the Crosfield Challenge Smith,a young Ametican who recently joined the army, Shield to the Union. It was the desire of the firm to was charged with having obtained £1 from Catherine further the interests of the fire brigade service as much Taylor, wife of the licencee of the Rope and Anchor as possible. He should be pleased if his own brigade Inn, by false pretences.—The Chief Constable said the could win the shield some day,but he did not think they prisoner and another young recruit from Orford had would be able to do so yet at any rate because the visited the Inn several times as customers. On July present was their first appearance in public, and people Sth prisoner went there alone, apparently in a at first appearances were generally nervous. (Laughter). state of agitation, and told Mrs. Taylor that The Chairman accepted the shield with pleasure on just on the point of going to goal because he could not his comrade had been locked up and fined £1 and was The of the Union, and thanked Messrs. Crostleld for their great generosity. He had no doubt it would be pay the money. The man was, said the prisoner, nearly an incentive to the men to compete for it. He had heartbroken, and if he went to prison his militarycareer much pleasure in proposing that the best thanks of the would be ruined. He asked Mrs. Taylor if she would meeting be accorded to the firm, that the resolution be kindly be the good Samaritan and lend the money. Mrs. recorded on the minutes, and that a copy of it be for- Taylor was touched by this plausible story and lent the warded to Messrs. Crosfield. (Applause). prisoner a sovereign. Prisoner at once took the oppor- tanity of deserting the colours The Vice-Chairman seconded, and said the shield was and next turned up a credit to the Union; it was the finest they had. at Chester where he was arrested as a deserter. Sub- (Applause). sequently a warrant was taken out by Mrs. Taylor and The motion was carried. prisoner was apprehended by Superintendent Monaghan at the barracks. When charged with obtaining the THE TOURNAMENT. money by false pretencee he said "Yes I got the There was an attendance of 2,000 spectators on the -sovereign," but he supplemented this statement with Football Ground to witness the tournament. Owing to another plausible story. He said his comrade the length of the programme it was decided to have had been locked up at Liverpool and he two contests going at the same time. On the popular (prisoner) applied the money to his liberation, side the hydrant drill took place whilst the spectators Subsequently he admitted that the whole story was a on the opposite side were entertained by witnessing the fabrication, as the other man was never in the hands of "Harrison "hose cart challenge shield competition. the police.—Prisoner now offered to refund the money. Both contests were keenly fought, although there was a —The Chief Constable said prisoner was only eighteen monotony attending them, due to the repetition of the years of age, but he had commenced life as though he same drill by a score of brigades. In the hydrant drill, was in a stupendous haste to ruin himself, soul and the conditions were for four men to stand with backs body. He was a native of Philadelphia, and came over to hydrant eight yards away,turn round, run to hydrant, to England on a cattle boat. He became attached as a fix standing pipe, run out three lengths 1 of hose "hanger on" to Col. Cody's show, but ultimately and branch in straight line, then standing at attention. enlisted--The Bench committed the prisoner to gaol There were 23 competing teams, and the Darwen and for a month, Mr. Taylor, P.C.M., intimating that he Brierfield men tied for first place. The drill was then would endeavour to send him home to the States on his repeated and Darwen secured first honours by perform- release. ing the feat in 19 seconds to 19 1-5 seconds by Brierfield. The third prize fell to Birkdale with 22 seconds and the MORE STREET BETTING—" A CATSPAW FOR OTHERS." fourth prize was secured by Southport with 22 2-ssecs. At the Warrington Police Court on Monday, before In the"Harrison"hose cart challenge shield competition, the Mayor and other justices Ernest Kindon, Pier- Lancaster, who were the holders of the shield, again point-street, was summoned fcir'having on July 7th fre- quented and used Pitt-street secured it for another year. Four men had to run the . for betting purposes.—Mr. cart 50 yards to the hydrant and then run out three 60ft. T. S. Steel defended.—The Chief Constable pointed out lengths of hose,with instantaneous couplings and straps; that it was not incumbent upon the prosecution to prove connect the branch, and fix the standpipe and key. that defendant was actually betting, but in this case he Lancaster performed the drill in the smart time of would be able to call a witness who made a bet 29 4-ssecs. An objection was raised on account of their with Kindon. Detectives Meacock and Clough having studs in their boots. The drill was repeated watched defendant for a considerable time going without studs, and the Lancaster men succeeded in up and down Pitt-street and an adjoining beating their previous smart performance by one-fifth passage taking slips and money from between of a second. They therefore became possessors of the twenty-live and thirty persons. He was watched until shield for another year and each competitor was nearly two o'clock in the afternoon, when he ceased awarded a silver medal. Boole A were second, time business and went away. The officers were concealed in 30 2-ssecs.; Altrincham A third, 30 4-ssecs. ; Winwick the neighbourhood on account of complaints of betting received from several ratepayers. On the following day fourth, 31secs.The steamer dry drill competition was unusually long. the same way as the defendant they saw a man in the same place conducting himself in The men comprised each team and the conditions were had been doing on the that they were to dress in firemen's uniform and get Thursday, and they were morally certain that he was the defendant. When Kindon was told that he would steamer to work from dam, connecting hose and suction pipes &c. The Darwen brigade again showed its smart- be reported for the two days he said " I was there on ness in drill competitions and performed the task in the the Thursday right enough, but I was not there on the good time of 59 secs. Southport were second in 1 Friday. I was at the races, and I can prove minute 4 2-5 secs. and Lancaster third in ; 1 minute t." As there was some doubt in the matter, he Mr. Talbot) decided that it would be unfair to put the 6 1-5 secs. The Southport Brigade lodged a protest against Darwen for some informality, but the protest efendant on his defence in respect of Friday.—Detec- was not upheld and Darwen carried off Messrs. Crosfield's ive Meacock said he saw defendant actually receive handsome shield for the first time. slips and money from four men and two women. Al- Not the least interesting portion of the afternoon's gether about thirty men went to him whilst he was in programme were the items provided by the employees the passage. He had no doubt whatever that defendant of Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Limited. There was there on Thursday.—Detective Clough corroborated were many competitors in the hydrant drill for teams —George Earley, a news vendor, said he made a shilling of girls. The girls had to run 5 yards to the hydrant; bet with the defendant on a horse named Cabman. The attach hose and then run out 60 feet of hose. The horse won, and on the following day witness received drill was taken part in by 10 sections of girls, three 4s.2d.winnings from another man who stood in Pitt-st.— girls being in each section. There were no fewer than Mr. Steel said he had so often tried to persuade the Bench four ties for the first and second prizes and eventu- that evidence like that which had been called was not ally the first prize was won in the record sufficient on which to found a conviction for frequenting I time of seven secs. The prizes consisted of 4 gold and and using, that he was afraid it would be useless to go over the old ground again. -There were,however, several Charge Against a Lymm Motorist.—Case 8 silver brooches. Results:-1, Sarah Darbyshire, justices present who had not adjudicated on a case of Dismissed. Eleanor Darbyshire and Louie Phillips, time, 7 sec.; 2, that description before, and he would submit to them John Sutcliffe Hudson, a retired ironmonger residing 7 2-5 sec.; Annie Williams, Ada Williams. and Isabella Lee, time, tables who were forty 3, Jane Stephens, Emily Sharpies, and Emily that the evidence of two cons at Daheim, Statham, Lymm, was charged on remand Smith, time, 7 3-5 sec.; 4, Gertie Hill, Annie Gleave yards away and said they saw the defendant receive money and slips from four men, and the fact that at the Stoke-on-Trent Police Court on Saturday with and Amelia Johnson, time, 8 1-5 sec. There was also a a causing the death .. , aged ___ . of Elizabeth Amnia Emery, hydrant drill competition between the Liverpool and witness swore that he made one bet with the defendant were not sufficient to warrant the Bench in I seven, at Hartshill, on the 13th inst.—Mr. Breton ap_ Warnngton works brigades. the Liverpool men winning by 16 4-5 secs. to 17,3-5 secs.ln addition there were exhibi- convicting the defendant of frequenting and I peered for the defence. Evidence was adduced to show using. Defendant was not an habitual betting ' that on Wednesday morning accused was 'driring tions of life saving drills, such as pompier ladder drill, a man, but had an honest employment. During the summer motor car along the Shelton New-road, Hartshill,when , escape and rescue drill by fire escape, jumping sheet, life lines and canvas shoot. These drills were carried months it was impossible for him to follow that employ- the deceased ran out of a side street into the roadway, out under the superintendence of Chief Officer Gallon. merit, and he had occasionally taken bets.—ln answer to the bench, the Chief Constable said the defendant was about six or seven yards in front of the car. The evt- 1 The most attractive item was reserved until near the a c,atspaw for other bookmakers who had a rich insur- dence as to the speed at which the defendant was close. This was an exhibition of a house on fire. The ance company behind them, and were determined tohis car was contradictory, but the witnesses i " driving , house" was a wooden structure at the further end of " ' . the field, lightly built, and the sides filled in with defy justice, the police, the law and the legislature , agreed that the driver had a clear road before him I bagging and inflammable material. The basement was filled combined.—Mr. Steel: You have no evidence of that. ; until the deceased suddenly emerged from the side with resin wood, and a quantity of paraffin oil was —The Chief Constable said he was prepared to prove it I street, that Mr. Hudson could not see the child I poured on to add to the blaze. Immediately a torch on oath.—The magistrates decided to line the defendant : until she ran into the roadway, and that it I had been applied to the timber, a telephonic £5 and costs. I was impossible for him to avoid the accident.— I message was despatched to the Fire Engine THE ALLEGED VIOLMCT ASSAULT AT Cuorr WATER was Gilbride said that the Coroner's jury I Stationasking for the Brigade, to come,the object being WORKS.—DOCTOR DECLINES TO GIVE EVIDF.NCE.I to test the capabilities of the Warrington Brigade I had returned a verdict of "Accidental death" in this At the Warrington County Petty Sessions on Wed- for turning out promptly. In the short space of four case, and he was satisfied that the matter could not be nesday, Erasmus Barnham, crane driver, Croft, minutes and 55 seconds the horses conveying the was charged with assaulting Patrick Doran, black- : carried any further. He did not think any jury would brigade dashed upl alongside the grand stand to the smith, Croft, on the 27th June.—There was a; convict the accused of manslaughter, and, therefore, cheers of the spectators, and in a few seconds afterwards cross-summons against Doran for assaulting Barn- ,he asked that he might be discharged.—Mr. Breton Mr. Frank Turner, jun., deputy-superintendent, and his ham.—Mr. T. S. Steel appeared for Doran, said if the case had proceeded he should have called a men commenced to play on the building, which was now and Mr. J. W. Knowles represented Barnham.— ' number of witnesses to state that the ear was not i blazing fiercely. Messrs. Crosfield's and the Wilderspool Both men were employed at the new waterworks at I brigades rendered assistance, and in a short space of travelling beyond five or six miles an hour.—The Croft, and on the date in question a dispute arose as to Bench the flames were overcome by the streams of water the working of the crane. Barnham it was alleged, %didthink that blame attached ' time, said they 1 not t any ame 1 that were poured upon the building. The shell of the struck Doran in the face with his Barnham, andafterwards to Mr. Hudson, but they were of opinion that the 1 , 'building was saved but no serious attempt was made to dealt him a severe blow on the head with a spade, in- police were justified in bringing the ease forward. ; save the timber in the basement. The smartness of the flicting a wound which bled profusely. Doran had to be The defendant was then discharged, and Mr. Breton, I Warrington brigade was favourably commented upon, attended by Dr. Sephton and had been unable to follow on his behalf, thanked the police for the consideration and with Messrs.Crosfleld's and the Wilderpool brigades his employment—Dr. Sephton was called, but declined they had shown him. also in an efficient state, there is reason to believe that to give evidence because neither side would es. any, fire in the district can be subdued, if prompt notice guarantee his fees.—The magistrates said he was of it is received. THE QUESTION OF THe: HOUR. perfectly justified in taking this course.—Barnham's The last two items in the programmee were a foot The question •of the hour, despite the assertions o contention was that he acted in self-defence. Corn- race for firemen and a ladder and bucket race, but it statesmen' and leader writers, is the Aliens' Bill,nor plainant and his son set upon him and in order to pro- was now after seven o'clock and the endurance of the the Licensing Bill or even the Russo-Jae War. Public tect himself he tried to strike Doran about the body e , n - ' ' spectators had been exhausted. Accordingly very few interest in these has waned with the appearance of with a spade. Doran "ducked" and received the force . stayed until the finish. The results were of the blow on his head.—After a long hearing the glorious summer, and the realemestion of the hour is (helmet,' tc • h 100 yards firemen's foot race tunic, .. .. with Knowles What to drink? Drinks there are without num- magistrates dismissed the case against Barnham, Mr. belt, axe and fire boots).-1, Loyal, Eccles ;2, Sumpter, her, but what the thirsty palate of the jaded townsman Knowles mi' hdrawing the summons against Doran. , Hoole ;3, Chappell, Winwick Asylum. demands just at present is a drink that is more than ' HUSBA,TD OBTAINS A SEPARATION ORDER.' I simply wet. He wants a long cooling draught of a I Ladder and bucket race (100 yards).—The men had to At the Borough Police Court yesterday, Alice Maud thirst-satisfying beverage—and he gets it in the famous ' run 20 yards, pick up a ladder and bucket of water, run _ Conoannon, 4, Victoria-street, was summoned by her Eiffel Tower Lemonade. Here we have the "King of 80 yards, mount the stage, pour the Water into a hand- , Summer Beverages " ; as wholesome as it is delicious, ump and work it, and then strike a target.-1, Lead- ^ I and as cheap as it is good! Made with Messina. Lemons better, Southport; 2, Cattmll, Hoole; 3, Lowcock, ' the finest flavoured lemons in the world; it is a beverf. Brierfteld. i The apparatus for the competitions was lent by Messrs age as welcome to the West-ender as to the workingman.l Sons,Limited who also made the Joseph C fi Id d S ros e an llt cools, it refreshes, it invigorates, it satisfies. In a I word it is the only possible drink these hot days when t local arrangements for the ourament. One of the firm's I alcoholic drinks and mineral waters serve only to in- steam fire engines was fitted to burn petroleum instead I crease the feeling of fatigue and weariness. Perhape of coal by the Kermode the rapidity The. advantages ob- tained by the change is the rapidity with which steam ; the point which, second to its economy, recommends it - ' most to the bus housewife, is the ease , y with which it• f can be raised; the regular maintenance o the water can be prepared. A 4id. bottle of Eiffel Tower Lemon- head and steam pressure ; the ' entire freedom from • ade will yield 2 gallons of delicious lemonade in a few from the the absolute con- smoke and sparks chimney; . . control over the fire and the rapid starting and stopping minutes which figures out at 32 glasses, costing rather cofn. .. 1 less than one-eighth of a penny per glass. Healthful, o the fire to meet every contingency. .In a hut on the deiicious, refreshing, economical! Who wouldn't drink , . . g . field interesting demonstrations were given of the Eiffel Tower Lemonade? general ability of the Leslie Walker instantaneous

===== 0002601_19040723_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

Warrington Borough Police Court.

Minor Cases.

MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Councillors Thornton, Tinnion, and Wil- kinson, and Messrs. Birettall, Wright, William Roberts,

and Woods. , THE STRANGE CONDUCT OF A GREENGROCER.—DanieI Taylor,Paul-street,was charged with having been drunk whilst in charge of a horse and cart in Arpley-road on July 2nd, add also with a similar offence on June 26th in Paul-street. He was further charged on two infor- mations with having furiously driven 3 horse in Paul- street and Wilderspool-road. He pleaded guilty to all the charges.—The Chief Constable reminded the magis- trates that the defendant was before the Court a fort- night ago, and was then sent to the Union in order that his state of mind might be inquired into. He had had an interview with Dr. Braide, who said the man was suffering from delirium tremens. Therefore he felt constrained to go on with the charges that morning without unduly pressing them, and to leave the matter entirely in their Worships' hands. He might say that the defendant had had some domestic troubles before he began his drinking "bout."—The magistrates fined defendant 10s. and costs (355. in all), or in default of payment 14 days' imprisonment. MISCELLANEOUS.—George Tingle, forgeman, 21, War- burton-street, was fined 7s. for fighting in Kerfoot-street on Julylst.—Annie Pritchard, 7, Garnett's yard, was ordered to pay ss, for having been disorderly in Gar- nett's-yard.--Ellen Price, Dakin's-yard, Church-street, was similarly dealt with for having made use of abusive language on July 12th.—George Drew, 3, Lomax-yard, was summoned for having illtreated a horse by working it in an unfit state on July 11th; and Arthur Lunt, 85, Howley-lane, for causing it to be worked.—lnspector Gibson, R.S.P.C.A., proved the case.—lt was stated that the Animal would be destroyed, and the magistrates, thereupon, ordered Lunt to pay the costs.— Thomas Mitchell,ll, Litherland's-yard,was charged with having assaulted his wife, on June 25th.—The magis- trates thought there were faults on both sides, and ordered defendant to pay the costs (16s. 6d.)—Thomas Farrington, 11, Erwood-street, who made his 16th appearance. was sant to gaol for a month for vagrancy. —Patrick Collins, 13, Arpley-walk, was ordered to pay is. a week towards the cost of the maintenance of his two daughters in an industrial school.—James Fenn, 6, Platt-street, was fined in the costs (12s. 6d.) for having travelled on the London and North-Western Railway from Wigan to Warrington without having paid his fare —Defendant said he had not been to Wigan. and caused some amusement by stating that he did not remember having seen the platform. TUESDAY.—Before Alderman Hutchinson (in the chair), and Messrs. C.. 1. Holmes, C. S. Burgess, and W. J.

Richardson. THEFT.—Abraham Dykes, 5, Richardson's-row,Sankey Bridges, was charged with stealing from a cabin at Messrs. Monks, Hall, and Co's works, between July 16th and 18th, a kettle and a saucepan, of the value of 4d.,the property of the company.—Mr. F. W. Monks, who ap- peared for the company, said he did not wish to press the case.—The magistrates.fined prisonerss., or in de- fault seven days' imprisonment. 'WEDNESDAY.—Before Aldermen Fairclough (in the chair) and Hutchinson, Messrs. H. Roberts, Birchall, Reynolds. F. W. Monks, and Jolley. THREE MONTHS FOR THEFT.—Henry Caffrey, farm labourer. was charged with stealing from the pawnshop of Annie Houghton,Mersey-street, apair of men's boots value ss.lld.—P.C.Dyson met the prisoner carrying the bootsunder hiscoat, and questioned him. Prisoner said he had bought them, but it was discovered that they had been stolen from the shop—Prisoner was sentenced to three months' hard labour. THURSDAY.—Before Messrs. Charles White (in the chair), F. W. Monks, J. R. Young, and W. Roberts. FAMILY DESERTION.—CharIes Melton, last from Don- caster, was charged on a warrant with deserting his wife and two children, leaving them chargeable to the common funds of the Union.—Mr. B. Shearer stated that the wife and children were admitted to the Work- house a fortnight ago. Prisoner had sent no money towards their maintenance, although he was in a position to pay. He had now made an offer to contribute 10s. a week and the costs.—This course was agreed to, and the case was adjourned for a month. ARRESTED ON SUSPICION.—Henry Anderson, a tramp, was charged with being found in possession of a travelling rug and failing to give a satisfactory account of the same.—The Chief Constable asked for a remand until to-day. in order that the police could make inquiries. Prisoner was seen by P.C. Turner in Liver- pool-road, and when asked how he came into possession of the rug, he failed to give satisfactory replies.—The remand was granted.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
EMOTOR NOTES.

fire detector. This useful instrumentconsists of a glass tube, charged with mercury, and a sudden rise of temperature causes the mercury to flow up to a platinum Whilst the recent demonstration at the Crystal Palace wire,which closes an electric current,and instantaneous- ly notifies the precise locality. In order to demonstrate undertaken to show that the puncturing or bursting of its usefulness, the temperature of the hut was suddenly thetyre of a car travelling at high speed does not raised by the burning of newspapers, and the detector necessarily deflect it from its course, were excellent so I immediately gave notification of the sudden rise far as they went and should certainly do much towards in temperature by causing the alarm bell to ring. The restoring public confidence in the pneumatic tyre itr invention has just been patented, and there is reason to must not be forgotten that they were not altogether believe that it will be found of great utility in detect- convincing in-as-much as the drivers were prepared fo lag and locating an outbreak of fire, and were expecting the catastrophe. So long as the During the afternoon iVlessrs.Crosfleld's band played a steering is well under control,no danger need be appre- selection of music. A squad of the St. John Ambu- ! headed, and this was very clearly proved. But, when a I lance Bridgade was also in attendance and gave displays. tyre bursts upon the road, the motorist is usually not MR. A. H. CROSFIEuD PRESENTS THE PRIZES_ expecting such an accident and is not prepared for it. I At the close of a long programme,Mr. A. H. Crosfleld If he were, he would be " nursing " his tyres and trav- elling at a moderate pace with his steering held very I made the presentation of prizes. Surgeon-Major Davies presided. tightly. But, when an accident of this kind happens, it Mr. CROsFIELD, wno was very cordially received, is usually because it has been altogether unexpected,and said he did not suppose, after the very long entertain- the driver has either been holding his steering loosely meat they had had that day, they would thank him for or driving fairly fast with only one hand on the wheel. detaining them more thana minute or two. They knew --- -- that he had been long associated with a business in which The amount of dust raised by the majority of motor it was an old standing joke to say that they always cars constituted one of the greatest objections to their considered themselves n'ext to the clergy, because presence on the roads. Yet in a measure this might be cleanliness came next to godliness. (Laughter and remedied by the manufacturers who, too often, have so applause.) He thought the members of the tire arranged the position of the exhaust pipe that it points brigade might claim that they, at any rate, were on straight downwards upon the road. Carried outwards a level with the most distinguished physicians in the horizontally it would not raise nearly so much dust, country because surely in the one case as in the other and there is absolutely no reason why this should not be they rendered great and noble service in the saving of done. human life, and without exaggeration it was a great , -- and a noble service they had undertaken on behalf of • There has been quite an unfortunate crop of the people of the country at large. (Hear, hear.) He accidents lately, owing entirely to cars running back- must not blow the trumpet of his co-directors or of wards on a steel) hill. Usually, it has been found on the firm, but if example was better than precept they examination that one brake is out of order and the had at least tried to further matters in that direction in other is not sufficiently strong to hold the heavy their own concern in Warrington. (Hear, hear.) They vehicle on so steep an incline. Directly the driver feels knew the old saying that "a stitch in time saves nine"; his car moving backwards, despite the application of and he could not but think it would be a very good the brakes, he must drop the sprag. The change-speed thing if all through the country the larger employers lever, too, should be quickly put into the lowest for- of labour would, without trusting to what was ' ward speed notch. A leather lined brake is apt to supplied by corporations, have their own fire brigades, become charred and burnt if used too long at a stretch, because they who were so much better versed than he a fact which accounts for brakes suddenly falling was in these matters knew very well that a fire taken although, to the best of the driver's knowledge, they in time, just when it was starting on the premises, were in good working condition when he started out might be checked, whereas if they waited ten or fifteen upon his run. minutes there might be a huge conflagration burning a ! Metal to metal brakes are by far the best, and those -- big factory to the around and throwing many people I out of work and into misery. (Applause.) These were applied to the rear wheels should be fitted with some facts which must appeal to all sections of the community, arrangement for holding the car very firmly when the ' and he was, therefore, really rejoiced to see that they wheels are revolving in the reverse direction. With the • had had such a grand gathering to witness the splendid 12 h.p. Decauville, for instance,the vrbeels are absolutely , exhibition the Union had been good enough to give locked when the emergency brake is applied and the car them that afternoon. Ha had now great pleasure in dis- is being reversed. The action is forcible in the cus- tributing the prizes. (Applauste.) tomary manner; but, it becomes doubly so when the The prizes were then distributed, car is running backwards. And this is as it should be. On the motion of Surgeon-Major HARmsoN,seconded A ratchet arrangement is one of the simplest, and at the by Chief-Officer NEWTON, of Macclesfield, a hearty vote same time is perfectly efficacious, and it is a pity that of thanks was accorded to Mr. Crosileld for his it isnot compulsory by law to have emergency brakes services, so made that will hold, either by ratchet or otherwise Mr. CROSFIELD acknowledged the compliment, and absolutely dead sure when the car is travelling back- proposed a vote of thanks to Major Davies for presid- wards. mg, and the motion was carried with acclamation. SPEECHES AT THE DINNER. The Council dined together in the evening, after the conclusion of the competitions, in the Assembly Rooms at the Lion Hotel. The catering of Mr. Lee gave every satisfaction.

Considerable interest is already being taken in the "team " race which is being organised by the redoubt- able Motor Cycling Club. Although it is not intended that this shall be run Until sometime towards the end of August, applications are coming in for full particu- lars. The event should prove one of the most interest- ing of the season.

Major Davies who presided, asked the Council to drink to the health of Chief Officer Gallon, who, he said, had pone to a great deal of trouble to ensure the success of the day's proceedings. They sincerely thanked him for what he had done, and hoped he would long continue his services to the Union. (Applause). In reply Mr. Gallon said it was a pleasure to him to know that the visit to Warrington had been such a pronounced success. He must ad- mit that his "boys " had worked very hard, but the success which had been achieved was chiefly due to Mr. Shaw, the hon. secretary. (Applause). He had only been the instrument in that gentleman's hands. To him was due the praise. If the Council were satisfied, he was,and he thought the directors of Messrs. Crosfield were. He thanked them very sincerely for the kind manner in which his toast had been received. (Applause.) Mr. NEWTON (treasurer), in very complimentary terms, proposed The Visiting Friends," coupled with the name of Captain George R. Crosfield. Captain CROSFIELD, in reply, said his regret was that. Dr. Markel was unable to be present, because it was due to his initiation and that of their energetic captain (Mr. Gallon) that his firm had taken the keenest interest in the competitions. He could assure them that his firm were fully alive to the very great advantages of large firms having their own fire brigades because it was in the first few moments that brigades, could be saved. While he did not say it was not necessary to have Corporation brigades, if they had an organization on the spot it could enormously help the Corporation brigade. (Hear, hear, and applause.) That was pretty evident. They had had a capital display that afternoon and the audience was most appreciative.He could assure the members of the Council that his firm would continue to take the greatest interest in the Union, which they thought was a most excellent institution and was doing a great amount of good throughout the country. He wished it success and anything Messrs. Crosfield and Sons could do as the years went on would be gladly done. (Applause.) The health of the Chairman tvas drunk, and the pro- ceedings terminated.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VOLUNTEER ENCAMPMENT.

Departure To-Day.

SUNDAY'S SERVICE AT ST. PAUL'S CHURCH

This evening the local Volunteer Battalion will leave Warrington for Perham Downs, Salisbury Plain, for the annual encampment. The advance party and transport section, numbering about fifty, made the long journey at midnight on Tuesday, and will now have made all arrangements for the reception of the main body. The officers in charge of the detachment were :—Major B. Fairclough, Captain Avery,. Lieutenant Ridgway, and Captain and Quarter-Master A. F. G. Potter. At 10.15 this morning the Mounted Infantry Company cooks, cyclists and officers' grooms, to the number of 100, under the direction of Captain Haslam, will depart for camp. The remainder of the battalion will parade at 6.15 this evening, and will proceed by two trains from Central Station to Salisbury Plain. Fitst train, Lieut. Colonel F. A. Edelsten, Captain and Adjutant A. F. Bundock, Sergt.Major J. Rawlinson, Regimental Staff, Band, A. B. C. D. E. Companies. Second train, Major J. D. Fairclough, Sergt-Instructors Allardice and Cleaver, F. G. H. 1. Companies, and odd details. G. Company will meet the battalion at the Drill Hall at 6 p.m. Dress for all parties Will be :—to carry carbines, non-commissioned officers and men marching order, with valises and forage caps. Helmet will not be taken to camp.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

LOCAL MINING SUCCESSES.

In the recent Science and Art, examinations held by the Board of Education, we find than Mr. Percy Ormand of Torisholme, Earlestown. student of the Mining and Technical College, Wigan, has obtained a first class in the Honours Stage of Mining, and has been awarded a bronze medal.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THEFT AT WARRINGTON.

At Warrington County Petty Sessions on Wednesday, Laurence Dunn was fined 20s. and costs or fourteen days for stealing a coat and two pairs of spectacles, the property of William Henry Wilkinson, licensee of the Queen Anne public-house, Golborne. SUDDEN DEATH OF DR. HANDYSIDE. EARLESTOWN.

_ On Monday about one o'clock Dr. Handyside of Earlestown died very suddenly at the age of 62 years. The deceased gentleman was for many years the London and North-Western Railway Company's local surgeon, and was also medical officer for several Friendly Societies. He was a prominent Conservative, and interested himself greatly in the lectures promoted by the Newton-in-Makerfteld Lectures Committee, and his sudden demise has caused a great shock in the district. The funeral took place on Thursday afternoon, the interment being at the cemetery. There was a very large attendance of friends and relatives, and several gentlemen in the district sent their carriages. Numerous wreaths were also sent, these being conveyed to the cemetery in a special carriage.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
SURPRISING REPORTS

FROM DIFFERENT PARTS OF ENGLAND OF CURES BY DODD'S KIDNEY PILLS.

Surprising reports continue to come from various parts of England of cures of different diseases by Dodd's Kidney Pills. The similarity of symptons in these different ailments indicate that they are all the result of bad kidney action and consequently can be treated by a purely kidney remedy such as Dodd's Kidney Pills claim to be.

At any rate, the latest report comes from Yorks, and appears to be well authenticated. It is that of Miss Ruth Calvert of Church-road, Goathland, Yorks. She, itappears, suffered for three years from Dropsy, Heart Disease, and Lumbago. That she is now in greatly im- proved health is assumed, and she herself gives all toe credit to Dodd's Kidney Pills. The young lady is quoted as saying : " For over three years I suffered from Dropsy and Heart Disease with Lumbago in my back. I was atten- ded by doctors and went to the hospital, but they did me no good. I was in this condition when I heard of Dodd's Kidney Pills and resolved to give them a trial, and I must say the result was. surprising. They have done me a great deal of good, giving me great relief from the first. lam sure anyone who suffers as I did should not hesitate to take Dodd's Kidney Pills."

===== 0002601_19040723_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CHAMBERLAIN_ AND "A TRUE

LABOUR PARTY."

The new organization known as the " Conservative I Labour Party " having been brought to the notice of . Mr. Chamberlain, the following letter on the subject has been received by the organising secretary "40. Prince's Gardens, S.W. , July 15, 1904. . " Sir,—l am directed by Mr. Chamberlain to acknow- ledge the receipt of your letter , of the 13th, and to say that he is fully persuaded that the great bulk of British , working men have no sympathy whatever with the SERVICE AT ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. Little Englander views which are sometimes expresse4 A new departure was made this year in the holding of in their name. A true lAbour party must be Imperial- a service for the volunteers at St. Paul's Church on ist and patriotic, and he is glad to know that you are Sunday afternoon. Hitherto it has been the custom to taking steps to prevent the misrepresentation of the proceed to the Parish Church on the Sunday morning ' opinions of the working men. previous to the departure for camp. The Rev W. , The jut rests of Labour are more intimately concerned Bracecamp is the chaplain to the battalion and he con- with Mr. Chamberlain's proposals for tariff reform than ducted the service which was very largely attended. those of any other class, and he has full confidence in Nearly 400 Volunteers paraded under the command of the shrewdness and good sense of the people at large in Colonel Edelsten, the other officers present being : dealing with a question which affects so closely their Captain and Adjutant A. F. Bundock, Majors J. B. employment and general condition.-1 am, sir, Fairclough and 8., Fairclough, Captains George R. , yours J. Wilson. Crosfleld, R. Smith, H. G. Roberts, C. L. Williamson, P. obediently, "To Mi. Frank Pearneley,397, Bolton N. Avery ; Lieutenants H. Owen, R. Roberts, and F. R. Road, Pendleton, Salford." Monks; Captain and Quartermaster A. F. G. Potter, Sergeant-Major J. Adams and Sergeant-Major Rawlinson. In the course of an address, the THE "BANANA KING." Rev. W. Bracecamp asked why so few were willing to Among the most generous donors to the new Liver- deny themselves, to put themselves to a great. deal of pool Calhedral Fund (writes "A Liverpool reader of ' expense to protect the general public, because that was M.A.P.") is Sir Alfred L. Jones, the merchant prince, what it meant? Our system, he was afraid, was who has given £lO,OOO to the building fund of our largest not what it ought to be. Why should the volunteers cathedral. Without any exaggeration, the title of present do duty for the other part of the congregation? "Banana King" may be given to Sir Alfred. He rescued There were many men who were quite indifferent about the Canaries from destitution by his recognition the matter, and others who would say: "We are not of the potentialities of banana culture. He induced likely to he attacked in Engl , nd, and therefore, what is the indolent natives to cultivate the fruit, he the use of being soldiers?' He hoped, however, that organised the trade in them, and shipped them to the time was not far distant when an Act of Parliament England, and, furthermore, he created a taste for the would be passed to compel them—perhaps he ought not fruit when they reached here. His trouble and energy to use that word too strongly—but to mduce some of and expenditure met with the success that distinguished them to take their share of responsibility in the matter. all Sir Alfred's undertakings, and now the banana is the Having advocated the claims of the National Service most generally consumed fruit in this country, and the League, the preacher said it would be a good thing if boats of the Elder-Dempster Company, of which Sir they could turn men out of the back streets and send Alfred is the head iind Ileart, brings 30,000 bunches into them into training. It would be the best thing that Liverpool every week. It is an open Liverpool secret could possibly happen. .Why was there so much sin that Sir Alfred has adopted the succulent fruit to his and wickedness amongst them? Because men own purposes,and given it a significant personal value. stood at the street co-iners, and did no work in A dish of fruit is always to be found on his particular. If they went into training what a splendid office table, and to be asked to take a banana thing it would be! It would provide a nation with a is an intimation that an interview is at an end. "Have great reserve to support the general army and navy, and you had a banana ?" is a jocular question often asked guarantee the security of the British Isles. They had of the caller who has been closeted with the great been secure in the past, but it did not follow that they merchant. Few have the temerity to refuse Sir Alfred's were always to be secure. In the late war, battalion polite invitation "to have a banana;" but I knew one after battalion was taken away from our shores, and man who bad a big business deal on hand who declined little strength was left behind. He hoped, therefore, the hospitality. When Sir Alfred intimated by offering the country would soon become alive to its resPonsi- a banana that he did not wish to discuss the matter any bilities. There were some who had already done so, but further, "No, Sir Alfred," remarked the visitor, "we he wished others to help them. If 'those who were have not reached the banana stage yet," and he pro- eligible were made to serve the League in case of danger, ceeded with his negotiations. a splendid army would be provided, so that they would 4.- be strong enough to go on for ever. God grant that The Master of the Newmarket Workhouse, which the they who were soldiers and believed in the need for Kin visited last week, on Wednesday received a hamper national defence would not stay one single hand, but do sentgby command of the King, and containing half a all they could to strengthen the voluntary system. And ound of tobacco for each adult male inmate of the those who were not soldiers, it was time they joined the pworkhouse, one pound of sweets for each woman, and a ranks. He hoped that as the result of the parade that. afternoon they would stir themselves up to be true men, At Hodbarrow Mines, Minot% on Wednesday, the sea box of chocolates for each child. soldiers of the King, and of the King of kings. was finally shut off from a large area enclosed by the A collection, realizing nearly w £6, was made in aid of new sea wall. At dead low water, in the presence of the Infirmary and District Nursing Association. , the directors and representatives of Messrs. John Aird ..1 and Co., contractors, and Coode, Son, and Matthews, engineers, the sluice gates, four in number, were shut down. This wall has been a gigantic undertaking, and is a mile and a quarter in length, and effectually pro- tects the workings of the mines from the inroads of the sea. The mine is the richest in hematite ore in the world, andvast deposits which have been proved to exist can now be raised.

1 PASSIVE RESISTERS LOSE THEIR VOTES.

Fifty-six passive resisters, chiefly leading Churchmen, have been struck of the voters' list at Scarborough for the non-payment of outstanding amount of rates.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

WARRINGTON CO-OPERATIVE apOCIETY. Another Successful Quarter.

Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. , At the meeting of this society on SundaY, lut;ietl Lewis presided. He had been connected with the stole he said, for over ten years, and that was the first blot; he had been induced to occupy the position. In dch'rers so he knew he would have the sympathy of the bret the Mr. Lewis proceeded to make a few observations ono words "Honour thy father and thy mother." It tbe regrettable, he said to see young men brought t° to police court in order to compel them to contributeto the maintenance of their parents. Another sad fe3,hicb of the times was the disrespectful manner in " o many young people spoke of father and oto If they could get young people to think a littlen:bie of their parents and less of places that were it would be better for the young people thernselvef'd Bro. Chas,Booth,P.G.W.P., of Manchester,of the Solici to Temperance delivered an address in which he referrestert some of his experiences in the slums of Manch:hie' The causes which led up to the extreme povertY icO existed were intemperance and gambling.—The se.tc), was also taken part in by Mr. Farrar (hon. secrets • Mr. Smiley and Mr. Healey.

Mr. T. Birchall presided at the quarterly meeting of the Warrington Equitable Industrial Co-operative Society Limited, held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey- street, on Monday evening. The attendance included Mr. W. Jeffrey, Mr. A. H. Rathbone (managing secretary), and Mr. W. Ford (cashier). THE CHAIRMAN AND THE QUARTER'S PROGRESS. The CHAIRMAN said he must plead guilty to having the same old story to tell,namely, that of uninterrupted progress. It was very satisfactory, quarter after quarter year after year, to find that they were still going ahead Their sales during the past quarter were a little over £2OO more than during the previous quarter, or nearly £4.000 more than they were for the corresponding quarter last year. (Elear, hear.) With reference to the Winwick-street premises, the builders were getting the foundations in, and they would soon have their Winwick-street property complete. All the other branches were in a favourable and satisfactory condition and the same held good with regard to the outside world of co-operation. He saw from the balance sheets at Oldham and other plases that there was still the same • story of progress. Since they last met in that room I Ellesmere Street Wesleyan Mission. hejand other members of the committee had the plea- I sure and advantage of attending what the press Very successful anniversary services were .P and others characterized as one of the great in this place of worship on Sunday in connection gr; events of the year, namely, the Co-operative the Sunday school. The preacher for the day weDvis ' Congress at Stratford. He considered the last congress Robins, of Southport (formerly of the "joyful '''rvi4l to have been the most helpful and inspiring he had Evangelistie Car). At 9.15 the scholars and wytreeto, ever attended. The inaugural address was delivered by assembled at the Mission, and paraded the 5.0 g A a Warrington man, Mr. Owen Greening, who left War- of the nei4hbourhood singing hymns and extend; oy rington when he was quite young. He still retained hearty invitation to all, whether Wesleyans of ° .heio• his old affection for the place, and told him (Mr. other creed,to spend some portion of the day wia Birchall) that some day he would pay a visit to the At half past ten a service was held in the Missllilial; .1 "" town and look at the house in which he was born in very fair congregation assembled, Mr. Robins Piragh;', Church-street. (Applause.) He believed Mr. Greening a much appreciated sermon from the text, " was a cousin of Mr. Linnteus Greening. The turnover on my ways and turned my feet unto Thy testunlBooo of the Co-operative Societies of Great Britain last (Ps. 119.59 th verse). The choir sang the anthem .cis, year amounted to £89,000,000, as much if not rather the beautiful gates," and at this, as at all the 01100 more than the, whole exports of Great Britain selection of junior scholars rendered a couple of filribe when co-operative societies started 50 years ago. in a manner which called for the highest praise. :•01751, He locked for great things from the movement. The afternoon a musical service was held, presided °' fou productive side was growing steadily, and when it had Mr. J. Povey. Mr. Robins gave a short address're tb° thoroughly taken root he looked forward to the time Miss Plinston,Miss Eckersley and Mr. Roberts we„,isio when the great difficulty between capital and labour soloists, Miss Plinston, A.L.C.M.,acting as aceoinuris tb° would be solved in a way that would be satisfactory to The anthems "How excellent" and "The eart'ervie° both sides. , Lord's" were sung by the choir.—At the evening 50t1 COMMITTEE BUSINESS. the Mission Hall was crowded, and again the uec„seXr At a meeting of the committee a circular was sub- of a larger building was experienced. The pr-esiU mitted asking for a contribution to the fund for the took for his text "Now Jehoshaphat had ri„choiroo' erection of a memorial to the local soldiers who fell in abundance and joined affinity with Ahab (4 ,oalig the South African war.—After some discussion it was 18c. Iv.). He advised his hearers, especially tb thel resolved that two guineas be given. Mr- Ford attended people present, to be careful as to what compaipas to and gave an account of the recent burglary at his house kept, ft to what examples they followed, 813: l'31(e„ and the attempt on the stores. The committee com- what Principle upon which they based their live' to;i1h; plimented him upon his presence of mind and prompt, Christ as. your friend, he said ; join in no unride.rfn yoll` action which prevented what might have Proved a serious upon which you cannot ask His blessing, give robbery. i life to use as He wills; then will you experie°o the The minutes were confirmed. true joy of a life well spent in trying to lea woo THE BALANCE SHEET. world better than you found it.—The anthel 300 The committee presented their 174th quarterly report "Jesus of Nazareth," and "When I survey," anll t" and balance sheet for the quarter ending June 30th. I Plinston and Mr. Seddon were the soloists. At A whiC4 The sales for the quarter amounted to £36.703 9s. id., I services sympathetic reference was made to the losetf, being £3,967 Is. Bd. more than the corresponding period the school has sustained by the death of Mr. T. d'',loce, last year. Steps were now being taken to extend the one of the oldest workers in connection with thp:ill'sto, Winwick-street branch premises, with the intention of and at the close of the evening service Miss r'vesiug separating the provision department from the grocery I A.L.C.lll.,played the Dead Marnh.—On MondaY oThe to meet the growing demand upon these departments. I Mr. Robins delivered an instructive lectiny 0° wiag, The improvement would add much to the comfort of advantage of disadvantages," and succeeded insiroul all, by using the life of Joseph as an illustration, h"of The report was adopted. of our darkest days were the foreshadowings ELECTION OF COMMITTEE MEN. greatest blessings. In accordance with the rules, three committee men— Messrs. Edward Williams, Charles Hibbert and Thomas Wadsworth—retired, but the meeting re-elected them. Mr. J. W. Bouchier retired from the committee as he was unable to fulfil the conditions laid down in the rules, and the vacancy will be filled at the next meeting.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
PASSIVE RESISTANCE.

Rev. H. Dunnico Explains His

Appearance Before the Magistrates. At Golborne-street Baptist Church on Sunday even- ing the Rev. H. Dunnico preached to a crowded con- gregation on "Why I appeared before the magistrates." Basing his remarks on Acts v. 29, "We ought to obey God rather than man," the preacher said that on the Tues- day previous he had appeared for the first time in his life before the magistrates. His appearance there had been severely criticized, and even some of his friends did not altogether agree with the policy of passive resist- ance. He was entirely agreed with them that to resist the law was a dangerous thing to do under normal circumstances, and the man who did resist it at any time ought to be able to give the highest and the holiest reason for so doing. It was because he had those reasons he ha resisted, and it was in order that those reasons might be more widely known that he had chosen that particular sub- ject. He had decided to speak upon that subject under a strong sense of public duty and conscientious com- pulsion, and in the second place he was simply express- ing his own personal opinion. The majority present he knew, would agree with him, but svme would not. With the latter he must agree to differ, and he would respect their convictions as he trusted they would res- pect his. Why had he appeared before the magistrates? -According to his summons because he had" refused to pay his poor rate or any portion thereof." That was distinctly untrue. He had paid his poor rate—every penny of it ; what he had refused to pay was a rate levied for the support of sectarian schools mder private management, schools which avowedly existed for the purpose of teaching dogmas and doctrines which in his opinion were pernicious and detrimental to the highest welfare not only of the children, but of the nation, doctrines against which their very existence as Nonconformists was a standing and an historic protest. He was opposed to this Education Act as an education - alist, as a citizen,and because he was bitterly opposed to such a violation of English constitutional law as this Act committed; but it was not on those grounds that he was a passive resister. If it were merely a bad piece of legislation, which it certainly was, then they would work and hope for the dawn of a day when it should be repealed, but it was because this Act invaded the realm of conscience that they adopted the policy of civil disobedience. There lay the cause of the whole question. The Nonconformist who did one single thing to assist the carrying out of this act was unworthy of his profession and signed the death warrant of religious liberty. The speaker gave a lengthy account of the history of elementary education in this country,and repudiated 'the claims put forth by the church to be the pioneers in the movement and said that the Church as a church had never seen known to lift hand or foot in the interest of popular education except for clerical ends ;in fact the clergy had been the consistent oppon- ents of all progress. The pioneer of elementary educa- tion was Joseph Lancaster, a Quaker, who founded what I were now known as British schools in the face of the ' most strenuous opposition of the clergy. Mr. amide, then dwelt at some length with the injustice done to the children, the teachers and the parents, and gave several illustrations in support of his contentions. In conclusion, he stated that they were accused of being mock-martyrs, fanatics and other complimentary names, but such accusations did not trouble a man who simply desired to obey the dictates of conscience. There was nothing to be ashamed of in civil disobedience. It was , the heroic resistance of law breakers that had won the liberties of the present day, and such a weapon was as old as human progress. He did not fear the result of this battle, they had not sought it, but they were glad that it had commenced. They would win far more than they had ever had before—full religious equality, and a truly national system of education freed for ever from I the fatal interference of the priest.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

THE LEADING FOOD BEVERAGE.

due Don't overate your powers of endurance. Take tog precautions and face the world with tile cornfor_p assurance that you will be able to stand the str:er. What you really need to do this effectually is,a, beitod age at once refreshing, pleasant to the paiale,loocl strengthening to both mind and body. Such beverage is Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa. It has made hif,;il many a home which otherwise to-day would havt3 isr wretched, and the ultimate effects of which it possible to foresee. For breakfast, dinner, suPPer, fj deed at any hour of the twenty-four—Dr. ,Tibbl°l tbe Cocoa will be found light and refreshing; it loos way among all beverages, and nothing can equal it'

===== 0002601_19040723_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON'S ATMOSPHERE. The Impending Removal of the Clergy Daughters' School.

On Tuesday, in the Chancery Division, Mr. Farwell heard a petition in the matter of the. _ o°l Daughters' School at Warrington for a declaratioli 00. it was cousistant with the object of the ech°° charity that the schovl should be removed fr°'-' qD rington to Darley Dale. #,Lte‘• Mr. Upjohn, K.C., for the petitioners since the school was established at Warrieg„ the forties the to had grown very much. 10°', trict was densely populated, and the school wass-rriol‘J. surrounded by works. The atmosphere Ncals, jo and disagreeable, and epidemics had broken school in recent years. Complaints were Ira" etVi. parents, and four-fifths of them had presented a PsebOici, to the committee of management to remove the t It could not possibly be continued in. the presie,.lleboll73l, ing, and it was thought that to pull down ana school at Warrington would be a waste of rn°,lciPsro- selling the existing school the petitioners arl;nciP,,t that they would get between £7,000 and .£8,0009 perty could be acquired in Darley Dale that NO° 0 about £12,000. i;oerelle Petitioners asked for power to raise the 44' between these two sums on mortgage. His Lordship granted the petition.

CITY OF BRADFORD EXHIBITION' .00 hibl of The arrival of the millionth visitor to the o'olool on Wednesday was naturally celebrated as i.l.ti refre,a• importance. In anticipation of the figure bell, pe""tc• on Tuesday or Wednesday, the Chairman of tol'polrol tive (Mr. W. C. Lupton) had invited a large e°ool° till take luncheon with him in the Cartwright Hall. On Tuesday night 3,600 visitor's %tit ab"tbe required to make up the necessary numher,enjoSs;ote one o'clock on Wednesday the person who ores 'O5 distinction of having turned the attendance bis,_i'ci, the seventh figure walked through the gates,. bresbVior Mr. Arthur Fitch, of Park Grange, i'vitcholch Skipton, who had come with Mrs. a day's pleasure at the exhibition. frroughd to was informed, immediately after passing noite p.,4 gate, of his unexpected distinction and sv,a,S, piPt°ofr attend the luncheon as the chief guest of 1'1" 00 Abe pretty medal commemorating the occasiou„,t ox or sented to him, his health was made the sulnrds e tio chief toast, and Mrs. Fitch and he were aftersvibitio?dii ducted over the various features of the Esho raPtitri• favoured visitors. The success which 111151iSre brought the attendance up to this high fig- •see•-t o, buted to the assiduous attention paid by the' .roes oot to the provision of great variety of enterttil witotiog the best and most novel kind. No day Pasqinstrs..ea' its distinctive feature of attraction. As 1 be I'o4 the novelty of the entertainment offered it re,,s;codY of tioned that for Saturday in this week ColonP'clispls9o, been engaged to travel from London to give a'n for s9tole, his man lifting war kites, which carry a ,In an alitleicio ing and reconnoituing purposes to as as 1,600 feet and take up instruments for roget6oroi° TANNING COMPANY'S TurP.—The annual trip in con- : observations to a height of 14,000 feet. nection with the Tanning Company was held last Satur- day. A large number of employees and their wives, i availed themselves themselves of the opportunity offered them of 1 visiting the pretty seaside town of Southport. An early i SOMETHING DIFFERENT IN start was was made, and the weather being of the finest, the ; various places of amusement were much patronised and ; DINNER SWEETS. , be enjoyed. The party arrivee home in good time after a most enjoyable day. sweets polseli ST. MARY'S CHURCII.—The above Church was 1 Something different in after-dinner na; bic honoured by a visit from the Lord Bishop of the Diocese ddd bconsulting Brow s W het prepare ay after ay y on Sunday last. There was naturally a large congrega- recipe book "Summer Dishes." The ~r_e-csiPuech'ee,': tion, assuch an event is very rare. The Bishop con- have been prepared by skilled cooks,are..iy,„,,,,Sr,Woiry ducted the evening service, assisted by the Vicar, the ful dishes as "Creamy Custard," "Blanc-,%iunc"k , • 40104 Rev. J. R. Jones, M.A. The discourse was preached "Natural Fruit Jellies," " Fruit Juice T_ poison id, a!4 from the text. "The Lord our God., he will prosper us Jelly," and the celebrated "Brown 0,. it Ws 1 in serving AcirCo therefore, we his servants will arise and build The Mange," with full. instructions _ ~.... r_ , _ _ Bishop described the work of building the new Cathedral kinds of stewed fruit. The basis 01,81,1,"7„ate0t,,c0t0 and impressed upon his hearers, the necessity of all sweet milk, fruit, and Brown 8: Poison to ' all ePPlkVrit° playing their proper part in the work. The collection paisleP Flour. The booklet is sent by return aken was in aid of the building fund, and realized the sending id. stamp to Brown & Polson, tuhstantial sum of £lO. for it now—you may forget it to-morrow.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
~s.

ti

tEE}

raw Prop tile, bea 'lt.' with ai itrary, `).411g tot, un It'erati r pebr! largE fil7berla' Ish he coin ell he If.jr"(l ari thee gi4 it

Iran ',trial:4 TR I' , of 1%14 sch Sat to Wei 6ive ketit • ttit 4°ffel fter,eased ta° t" a pl d'er pr.,3 not tvel)'ssals 4 44 Pre 4 eXplpa,'

===== 0002601_19040723_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
.........d.‘...n''''''.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
_._____-----....

HES.

. the veile_ first t.rTie In cloiltr, he brethre" ions on L.44° r." it "be ;ht to tribute sad 00.37 I inrasoctilblee; little 112°.reie tioetw nes arriselve° of the Sons referred danchestec rtYlikice 7e vi Che ser secretsrP

do° Take • 3°Laf or_ip„tia, ,he StrSr- s a alate ' 0 h a O 4 aade have °7lO. it is lir vi, bbles leads t oil it*

jostice r. leg thilA •atioP, ohoolor rool

, to oteenii • 311 b mse 5' st tJ Aie he soi;tiiP" xit i-teb°l3f sticirvro' 0, fill".o.° could

differ"e°

isOP po .613 101 , s heeep SP°llvdoe' pa 01:711 wit- is Popo

===== 0002601_19040723_art0081.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
CHAMBERLAIN JUMBLE.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
POLITICAL HOTCH-POTCH.

lIIIEFERENCE TO PROTECTION.

I Most striking feature of Mr. Chamber- Proposals is the extraordinary jumble Thet. they present to the political student. otic pear no evidence of having been thought 'colitwith any clear and definite aim. On the boijarY, they have all the appearance of coNg. hurriedly put together, without any illeration of their conflicting purposes or vert,4l4;te results. This confusion has arisen Ch;.. largely owing to the fact that Mr. hiTh herlain had miscalculated his influence whe,eountry. There seems little doubt that pate`Vle first launched his proposals he antici- froth%an immediate and favourable response Lae country. When the country declined it he plunged still further. eraljsm ltl- Scheme was originally a great Imperial p,,,q sacrifice for the sake of Empire. The to Were to have their food taxed in order gve additional profits to the Colonial keht r• It is true there were certain Ind uce- hot +,,s effered in the shape of Old-Age Pensions; lhor,;:tere was no doubt about the mcrifice, the frot,i'al'ed cost of living, which must follow Nrji“ a Preference to the Colonies. In the 4 Part of his campaign Mr. Chamberlain Proi,,ll°t in any way hide the fact that his sver7sals must make living dearer. He was 411 d PrePared to go into the workman's cottage 'lPlain the matter.

• e d Tl, - and UnErnited Retaiiation. ▪ next propozal was one of Retaliation to t• litst those foreign .countries who objected Nle Colonies giving a preference to the Ntaill•ee of the United Kingdom. The case for fierriliatinn originated with the dispute between i„ahY and Canada. It is not necessary to tilEtt'" details now, but it is sufficient to say tlioriti'vl!en Canada ceased to give Germany the ;favoured - nation treatment Germany ehae`-' in the same coin. This, in Mr. ofkllillberlain's opinion, was an unpardonable 1)1442 on the part of Germany. It did not aftercrt that Canada was well able t look towt, Berself ; it did not matter that Canada thhnt Punish Germany far more effectively thin Vrermany could damage Canada; the only Akitig that mattered in Mr. Chamberlain's vaiwl was that Germany had retaliated on "Ser:l4B.• Therefore, said the then Colonial -tt '"arY we ought to retaliate on Germany. osaias not a very wise or businesslike pro- tit. Canada was in no need of piotection. Nvc,lt suited Mr. Chamberlain's Imperial `lioti,h" to try and represent Canada as the tltcire !of Germany's hatred of the British important, however, to remember that NtaT '3 time Mr. Chamberlain's policy of Vati .t• ion only concerned the Colonies; there no idea of retaliating upon foreign ,At es in the interests of our own trade. '4,nis time British trade had a small part in arnberlain's proposals; it was every- or Empire.

int rests (ht • th 41:TALLY, however, it dawned upon Mr. alaiberlai that the plea for sacrifice fol. 41Pir• 411.1,; e was not popular. So, instead of tire 1,41 g that "Preference" was necessary for liVfoPire, he began to urge that Protection IVeoessary for British trade. The original of Of sacrifice, food. taxes, And increased cost died away. Instead, we had elaborato sais for giving cheaper tea and tobacco 14, '':ace of taxed bread and meat. He gave 1414111te calculations of how the domestic *tkget of the workman could be balanced lt,/ltill,tea and tobacco were cheap while bread 41g 'eat were dear. The net result, accord- ,c' Mr. Chamberlain, was that the work- Wife would save half a farthing a week. Of Z,i3r, the proposals of Retaliation on behalf Mitille Colonies broadened out into general oav-latien against any country which might 111: Prohibitive duties upon British goods. even this was not the end. Wh„, -- e'lesate Protection. httl:4Z month or so after he had proposed to theanee the housekeeping account by giving !is ewe!) tea and tobacco, Mr. Chamberlain dis- tlf hsred that to do so would take a large sum °trolley out of the national Exchequer. In bt to make up the money that would thus ost, Mr. Chamberlain proposed to put a 1141,,,i1P0rt manufactured articles. He seems to cloill" forgotten entirely the fact that by so of thg be was once more upsetting the balance auv, e housekeeping account! This now stood, still stands, as follows: To be taxed. Taxes taken off. Bread Sugar Flour Tea Meat Tobacco. 14.13 airy Produce i 'lanufactured Articles. kat,-8, needless to. explain that a tax upon 4tti Tactured articles means a tax upon every Itear or use. Such taxation is ing less than wholesale Protection. From tbq Point Mr. Chamberlain threw away all ,otaint, and boldly advocated Protection as policy in itself. One of the many iisgo Mr. Chamberlain has never remembered Yotigat his scheme is self-destructive. That rodeannot have preference for the Colonial kt 4:leer and protection for the home producer Ne: Same time. That you cannot retaliate op -is You are willing to take off duties '144 °reign produce as well as impose them. kive that if you take off duties you cannot 111, veither preference or protection. The fact Chamberlain's political hotch-potch has so hurriedly concocted that he has never 't';itc„lt,illie to consider whether its various -tuents would agree.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THOUSANDS SOLD IN A MONTH. Boots delight every Wearer. Box CkLF, GOLOSH GLAZE.

KID LEG, 10/b. Size, Shape and P.O. to

A. FLICIDE, -Oakhant Rutland.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
• _ ••- . _

THE EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

A BRIEF MONTHLY MEETING. New Secondary School Head Master.

THE TRAINING OF PUPIL TEACHERS.

Less than half an hoursufficed to transactthe business at the Warrington Educhtion Committee's meeting on Monday evening. 'Mr. F. Monks, J.P., presided, and there were also present : Revs. Morley Stevenson, John Yonge and Father Wilson, Alderman Bennett, Alderman Pierpoint, Councillors Burton, Wilkinson, James Eyans, Dodds, Ellison, S. Davies, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, G. Walker, E. Plinston, J. D. Buckton, R. T. Fairclough, J. F. Smith, J. Upson, J. Bibby, and C. H. Unsworth, with J. Moore Murray (director of educa- tion), and J. Fairhurst (accountant). A PLEA AGAINST "EXTRAVAGANCE." HANDSOMELY BOUND VOLUMES OF "PROCEEDINGS."

The Finance Committee recommended the appoint- ment of Mr. Richard Price as committee and minute clerk (in place of Mr. E. Haigh promoted) at a com- mencing salary of 17s. 6d. per week. Accounts totalling £3,467 9s. 6d. were passed for payment. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY moved, and Councillor DODDS seconded the adoption of the minutes. The Rev. JOHN YONGE said there was one matter which, in the absence of Mr. May, he would like to call attention to. He was sure Mr. May would have done so if he had been present, because he was a very earnest opponent of all extravagance in matters of finance. He (Mr, Yonge) honed he would not be misunderstood or considered ungrateful to their friend the Director of Education for the very handsome present he recently sent to him and, he supposed, to every mem- ber of the committee in the shape of a very handsomely bound volume, emblazoned with the coat of arms of the borough, with gilt letters on the back. He con- sidered the volume to be a great ornament to his book- shelf, but he ventured to suggest that when they came to reflect, the minutes of the committee hardly deserved such a rich binding, and it was hardly necessary that they should be sent to the members in that form,seeing that all received copies every month and could keep them for reference. He believed the cort of the books bound in half-calf with gilt lettering would be about thirty or forty half crowns. Considering the outcry which had been raised so much lately against Corporation extravagance, he suggested that plain dloth binding would meet the requirements in the future. Alderman PIERPOINT remarked that the bound volumes of the Education Committee's proceedings were exact replicas of those issued by the Town Council. Rev.JoHN YONGE : That makes it so much worse. Alderman PIERPOINT said it was an advantage to have bound copies of the proceedings of the Council, as it enabled members to refer back for years when important questions arose. He did not consider it was extrava- gance to have the books, and he was sorry that Mr. Yonge thought the committee had been extravagant. The Rev. JOHN YONGE : I don't think it is the committee. Alderman PIERPOINT thought the committee was of sufficient importance to have well-bound volumes. The Rev. JOHN YONGE : I throw out the suggestion that plain clothe would suit the purpose equally well. Alderman PIERPOINT : The Town Council must get their's altered first. They have set the example, and we are entitled to follow. The minutes were confirmed.

THE NEW HEADMASTER FOR THE SECONDARY SCHOOL. INCREASE OF STAFF. THE TRAINING OF PUPIL TEACHERS.

At a meeting of the School Management Committee the committee confirmed the arrangements for the various evening classes to be held during the coming session. They were published in detail in last Saturday's "Examiner." A sub-committee presented a report on the work of the Pupil Teachers' Centre which appeared in last week's Examiner." At a meeting on July 13th, it was resolved, that the following teachers be. appointed to the Secondary school and Technical Institute at the salary mentioned in each case; the engagements to date from times to be hereafter fixed, and to be determinable, in the case of the head master, by three months', and in the cases of the assistant teachers, by one month's notice to expire on the last day of any calendar month, given by or to the Committee, viz :—(a) head master, Mr. Ernest S. A. Robson, £250 per annum; (b) assistant master, Mr. William Donaghy, £l2O per annum; (c) assistant mistresses, Miss Mary L. Mitchell, Miss Edith Wilkin- son, £llO per annum in each case. At this stage the Chairman read a telegram from the Rev. Morley Stevenson stating that he had missed a train at Wigan and would be late. Mr. UPSON moved the adoption of the minutes. Allud- ing to the decision to employ an additional assistant at the Secondary school, he pointed out that the Inspector told the committee that they must st,aff the school so that each teacher should not have more that twenty- five pupils. That would work out rather economically than otherwise, because only a certainnumber of pupils could be taken ,in the physics and chemistry rooms at one time, and if the teachers had classes of thirty or more, only part of each class could be taken at once If each teacher had Oventy-five pupils, it would enable him or her to teach the whole of the class at one time. The Inspector also intimated in very broad terms that unless the appointment was made he, as representative of the Board of Education, would make the punishment fit the crime, and recommend a lower grant. A head- master had now been appointed in place of Mr. Gow. Mr. Robson was one of the selected candidates for the post twelve months ago when Mr. Gow received the appointment. On the present occasion he was selected from nearly a hundred applicants, and in the opinion of the committee he was the most suitable man.

Mr. JOLLEY seconded. The Rev. Moßim' STEVENSON had now arrived and gave a full explanation of the minutes. With regard to the discontinuance of the Parochial Evening Schools he pointed out that the great object of the com- mittee was to plant evening schools all over the town, so that there might be a school conveni- ent for each district. It was of no use to have them too thickly together, and at the end of the town where the Parochial schools were situated there was, perhaps, an over-abundance of evening schools. The consequence was that the attendances were not as good as they could wish, and it was felt that the schools with the smallest attendance should be discontinued. The com- mittee were making an effort not only to teach such subjects as would be thoroughly useful in the evening schools, but also to introduce occasionally lectures upon subjects of interest, so as to entice scholars to come, as well as to instruct them. Alluding to the warning to teachers in regard to the marking of the registers at the 'evening classes, the rev, gentleman said they all knew how extremely important it was that the registers should be accurately marked and a very large fine in the grant was the outcome or penalty of any neglect. He was sorry to say that during the last session there were certain irregularities connected with the registration. He did not for a moment impute anything except just a little heedlessness, but the matter was so important that the co-nmittee felt it their duty to call attention to it rather strongly. With regard to the Secondary school, it might seem to some members that the increase of staff was making very considerable strides, but he would like to point out that the matter did not rest with the committee but with the regulations. The inspector made it very clear that he would not sanction a larger class in a school of that character than twenty- five for a teacher. Whether that was reasonable or not was a matter of opinion, perhaps, but it was in accord- ance with the regulations, and if they did not comply with them they were liable to lose the grants. The committee would see that the application for increase of staff from the managersnf the Ladies' School of Industry was not acceded to because the staff was up to the requirements which the committee had laid down. The staffing of the schools was a very difficult question which, he believed, they would have to apply themselves tr, in the future, but at the present time the committee were going upon the plan of trying to staff every school in the town up to a certain standard before they made any further increase. With reference to the pupil teachers' centre, be was sure they would all feel very glad that the new instructions had swept away the old form of secondary school, so that they did not speak now of a school a or b, and at the same time they had introduced a larger amount of direct English instruction into the curriculum and a, smaller amount of scientific instruction. The conimit.r tee did not of course, undervalue the scientific instruc- tion for a moment, but there was no doubt,he thought in the opinion of most good judges, that the amount of time given to scientific instruction under the old regulations was excessive, and it was impossible to give that grounding in English subjects which was so extremely necessary for those who were to be the teachers of the future. The inspec- tors were very strong indeed in expressing their opin- ion that the pupil teachers should receive their school practice in the very best schools.and of course the com- mittee would all see that if a boy or a girl was going to be a teacher,it was essential that he or she should be at once got into the best methods. It would be an in- vidious task for the committee to have to say which were the best schools, so they had asked the inspectors to name those schools which they preferred the pupil teachers to be placed in. That would con- siderably add to the work of the head teachers in the schools, and make their office even more responsible than it was now. In the opinion of the committee the work should be recognized by some small addition to their income. Mr. Upson had, he understood, alluded to the appointment of Mr. Robson as headmaster of the Secondary school and Technical Institute, and he had no doubt he had done so in terms of high commenda- tion, and in that belief he (Mr. Stevenson) would like to support all he had said. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Robson was second for the post last year, and he thought the

committee could not do better than welcome him in Mr. Gow's place. The minutes were approved.

THE OVERCROWDED STATE OF THE SCHOOLS. At a meeting of the School Attendance Committee, a letter, dated the 14th June, from the managers of the Hamilton-street National school, asking, in reply to the letter sent to them in accordance with the decision of the committee at their last meeting with reference to the overcrowded state of that school, for an inter- view with the committee, was submitted, together with a letter, dated the 27th June, from the Board of Educa- tion, enquiring whether the committee are yet in a position to forward to the Board their proposals with a view to relieving the pressure upon the accommoda- tion of this school. A copy of the communication sent to the Board of Education, in reply to this last mentioded letter, was also submitted, and it was decided that a copy of this letter be sent to the managers of the Hamilton-street school, with an intimation, that, before doing anything further in the matter, the committee propose to amait the reply of the Board. Councillor EmasoN, in moving the confirmation of the minutes, said he believed the difficulty of over- crowding at Hamilton-street school had been temporarily overcome. The Board of Education had written stating that they would recognise the school this year on the understanding that steps were taken to meet the diffi- culty of overcrowding. Councillor DAVIES seconded. The minutes were passed without further comment. THE PROPOSED NEW SCHOOLS.

The Sites and Buildings Committee recommended that the following tenders for the painting and decora- ting of the undermentioned schools be accepted, viz : St. Ann's National, Messrs. Allen and Sons £3O; St. Peter's (John street,)lVlessrs. W. J. Shaw and Sons, £9; St. Mary's, Latchford, Mr. W. Winstanley, £l2 155.; Warrington Parochial (boys), Mr. George Hoult, £2O; Warrington Parochial (Infants), Mr. W. Winstanlay £ll 15s. 6d.; Wycliffe British, Mr. W. Winstanley £32 16s. 6d. _ _

Mr. R. T. FAIRCLOUGH moved the confirmation of the minutes. In referring to the tenders for painting and decorating ha said the work was now in hand and would be completed during the holidays. Councillor JAMES EVANS seconded. . _

Mr. PLINSTON asked for information with reference to the building of new schools. He thought it was a matter on which they might have a little more informa- tion. Almost all the schools were overcrowded and there had been a good deal of sickness among children. He believed much of the sickness was due to lack of proper accommodation. Resolutions had been sent to the Sites and Buildings Committee by the School Attend- ance Committee, but no information had been forthcom- ing as to what was being done to meet the difficulty. Councillor BURTON inquired whether the lowest tenders had been accepted in all cases for painting. Mr. FAIRCLOUGH replied in the affirmative. In answer to Mr. Plinston's question, Mr. Fairclough said the committee had inspected seven or eight different sites. At the last meeting of the committee it was decided to purchase two sites. It was rather a delicate matter to discuss at present, and he did not propose to say anything further, because it might tie the hands of the committee in purchasing land. He might say, how- ever, that the committee were quite alive to the fact that new schools were wanted and they were trying to purchase the land in an economical manner. Mr. PLINSTON said he was perfectly satisfied with the explanation. The minutes were then passed. FOUNDATION MANAGERS APPOINTED.

At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee, notifications of the following foundation managers under the final orders were made namely :—Heathside Schools, the Rev. W. Braceeamp, and Messrs. L. W. Reynolds, A. J. Jolley and J. H. Smethurst; Latchford National Schools, the Rev. G. C. Briggs, and Messrs. J. Bernard, John Fairclough and James Lowe; Sacred Heart Schools, tbe Revs. M. Ryan, J. McGrath and A. D'Arcy, and Mr. John Gibbins ; St. Peter's, the Rev. B. Percival, Coun- cillor Roberts, and Messrs. J.Bamforth and Peter Edgar. —lt was reported that owing to the death of Mr. James Bolton, Mr. William Eckersley, of Latchford, had been appointed a foundation manager of the St. James' schools.—lt was resolved that Mr. George Walker be appointed a representative manager in the place of Mr. J. H. Fisher, resigned, for the Warrington Parochial School.—A report of the special sub-committee appointed with reference to the transfer of St. George's Mission and the Latchfora National Schools was submitted and approved. On the motion of the CHAIRMAN, seconded by Mr PLINsToN, the minutes were approved and the com- mittee rose.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
SANKEY PARISH COUNCIL.

The Pollution of Sankey Brook.

A meeting of the Great Sankey Parish Council was held on Monday evening. Mr. G. Thompson presided, and there were also present :--Mr. G. Higgs, Mr. W. Taylor, Mr. W. Furness, Mr. H. Fairclough, Mr. F. T. Jefferson. with the; clerk, (Mr. Smith) .

===== 0002601_19040723_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER SUPPLY EXTENSION.

The Chairman said at the last meeting of the Rural District Council he proposed a resolution urging. the necessity of improving the water supply to Mr. Taylor's farm. The work was taken in hand at once by the Cor- poration, and he thought they would all admit that it had been done very promptly. Mr. Taylor was very well satisfied with the work that had been done.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REPAIRING OF BUTTERMILK BRIDGE.

The Clerk said he had received a letter from Mr. Higgs, stating that he desired to call attention to the bridge over Sankey Brook, which was in a very bad state of repair. Mr. Higgs said since he wrote the letter the bridge had been temporarily repaired. He said temporarily because the bridge had not been repaired sufficiently substantial. The least the Rural District Council could do would be to repair their portion of the bridge equally as well as thelCorporation had done their part (Hear, hear). the bridge was certainly in a very dangerous condition, and a child from 6to 10 years of age could very easily have tumbled into the brook and been drowned. He was not at all satisfied with the way the Rural Council had repaired their portion of the bridge. The Chairman said he called the attention of the Dis- trict Council to the matter at the last meeting and stated that the repair of the bridge had not been done to his satisfactionor the satisfaction of the people in theneighbourhood. The Surveyor said the work had not been finished He (the chairman) was nearly tripped on the bridge. Mr. Higgs said the rail had been put right but the pathway of the bridge was in need of repair. If a man caught his foot in the hoop-iron he would be thrown on his face. Some of the steps had been worn away and required replacing. The Chairman observed that when he called attention to the matter at the Rural District Council meeting, the Chairman of the Main Roads Committee said they would try to arrange with the Corporation to have an iron bridge put down in place of the present one. There was no doubt the state of the bridge was a very serious matter' and if anything happened, the District Council would be liable. However, he thought they could take it for granted that the matter would be attended to and that there would be no further cause of complaint. Mr. Fairclough : The bridge wants a new bottom putting in. That is unless they decide to put down a new bridge. The Clerk thought that neither the Warrington Cor- poration nor the District Council knew how much the bridge was used. At least 1,000 people went over it every, Sunday night. And now the school children were on holiday it would be heavier still. Mr. HIGGS said it was the fact of the children being on holiday that made him anxious about the matter. The bridge was a disgrace to the district. He proposed that the Clerk write to the District Council saying they were pleased to hear that they were about to approach the Corporation with the idea of having an iron Bridge put down, as the present one was so 'danger- ous that it was absolutely necessary that something should be done.

Mr. Furness seconded the proposition, and it was carried.

THE POLLUTION OF SANKEY BROOK.

ARE THE CORPORATION THE CHIEF OFFENDERS? Mr. JEFFERSON remarked that people in the neigh- bourhood were complaining very much about the stench from Sankey Brook that was emitted both morning and evening. Those who had to pass over the bridge as often as he did would find that the brook was in an abominable state, and something ought to be done to purify it. The least they could do was to write to the Disttict Council and ask them to take the matter up. He would move a resolution to that effect, as he thought it was getting a perfect nuisance. After the recent thunderstorm, the stench was abominable. The CHAIRMAN said he also brought this question before the District Council and told them that the stench was very bad indeed. The other members of the Council then took the matter up,and Messrs. Mortimer and Company, tanners, who appeared to be the greatest offenders, were served with a notice to abate the nuis- ance. Mr. Furnesg thought the Warrington Corporation were by far the chief offenders. He did not know whether it was common knowledge that the secrage from the Winwickend of Warrington was turned into the brook practically crude, and it was that—neutralized slightly by the matters turned into the brook from the gas works—which caused the offence as much as any- thing else. The whole of the sewage from the Winwick end, from Watkin-street was turned into the brook. The Clerk did not think it was common knowledge.

Mr. Jefferson said furtherimildine operations were being carried on in Orford Avenue and thesewage would be sent in the brook. If something was not done it would get worse. Mr. Furness said he would second the resolution. He was of the opinion that the Corporation were the worst offenders, and it was within memory that the father of the present Medical Officer had called the attention of the Health Committee to it time after time, and told them that something ought to be done to minimize the offensive character of tke effluvia turned into, the brook. He (Mr. Furness) would move that a deputation should in-

===== 0002601_19040723_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
, - i . . _'-'-,,, _ s',A --''' • . - -.--- i. i C r, ••..- .',,.., I; , ..3 P., 7 X ,/'

===== 0002601_19040723_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0 \c-.4-1° )

===== 0002601_19040723_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
CROP'S PAT E NT PIPE.

(PATE WT No. z 6333.) This invention effectually prevents any moisture or nicotine either entering the mouth or coining in cootact with the tobacco. Any coniensation which might take place is immediately drie,i up by the absorber (E) so that the smoke is not only cool but entirely free front acridity caused by dampness.

IWholesale of I

CHARLES CROP and SONS, Brooksby's Walk, Homerton, London E.

Retail of all Tobacconists

Price from I/6.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
S THE

===== 0002601_19040723_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
THB NIIVI FILBNOH HBMBDY,

riiHRIMPION. This successful and highly popular remedy, as employed in the Continental Hospitals bv[(lord t.ostan, Jobert Velpeau, and ott err.. surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity ot the blood, spots, blotabes, tsins and swelling of the joints, kidney,bledder and urinary visease-stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rbeumatism,goutoleeplessneso,icre oue and physical exhaus- tion, etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Dios. 1, 2 and 3 according to diseases Mr vaich intended. Pull particulars sand stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to

MR R. JOHNSON 43. Hournm)-BQuARR. LONDON.

Sent • Elastic Trusses Free 014: on trial. Pay when cured. Dr. Brook, rupture plaster cure. Never before offered for sale to those who are rup- tured. mention paper. Hernia Cure Co, 2, Frederick Crescent, Brixton, London. S.W

===== 0002601_19040723_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

4

, i.'. '•'&-'

C

H

"Vt: • • k•

44,11 v: 1.

I

L

A t; t

14 •

IRSTART RELIEF, RAPID :CURE.

GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

AN INFALLIBLE REMEDY ! ! Breakfast Creek, Brisbane Queensland Dear Sir,—Some 15 years ago I had the misfortune be attacked with Rheumatic Gout. I tried nearly all the doctors here, but they did not do me much good. I saw your advertisement and obtained some of your pills, and I can assure you quickly got relief. When I feel any of the pains coming on, two or three pills gen- erally take them away. Many of my friends have used them, and all say thqy are an infallible remedy. For myself, I say there ate none to equal them. Yours truly S. L. HOWMAN. EADE'S GOUT PILLS

Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all in- jurious matter, andare highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor 1 GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. if

EUMATIC PILLS.

'‘):A.t: 1r AV c V o*f,, .7

rr 1.1" ".

rEMIIMNIMINNIM=MIIMMNIMI

===== 0002601_19040723_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
• :„

Possess the following qualities in a high degree : They STRENGTHEN the STOMACH They REGULATE the BOWELS They PURIFY and ENRICH the BLOOD They give TONE to the whole NERVOUS SYSTE BEECHAM'S PILLS tnuot darreugpof 117:nveergaletaoirjlemetalllo beneficent and sure.

S__-_---lIIIIIIIIIM MD lIIIIIMBIaII. II INall toe ''own . 1' p IT'ATHSASLFS PE GUINEAC E A L BTAREIGIRAITNY- EDT-al-Ili:G. RAONOMD is paYing too much for furniture ' includes nice Suite in leather or saddlebags, imposing and is not being . sideboard. massive Dining Table, elaborate Brass Rail I PROPERLY FURNISHED Fender and Brasbes, Floorcinth or Bordered Carpet. . nice design ; Hearthrug, Cornice Pole, and Pair of either. The other half goes to . . , Curtains. DRAWING-ROOM: Capital Suite in plain or figured velvet tapestry or saddlebags, Centre Table, PITT s'si artistic Cabinet, grand Overmantel, Carpet, Rug, Fender, and Fire Brasses, Cornice Pole, and Pair . 1 Lace Curtains. BEST BECDROOM ; Handsome Patronised by Royalty, Nobility, &c., and gets uite, Polished in alnut, Satin, Walnut, or Mahogany, I ARTISTIC, DURABLE ARTICLES • at about HALF usual cost. You be wise also, and Effect Great Saving. Best Possible. Lowest Possible. . _ fitted with brass handles; substantial full-sized Brass And Enamelled Bedstead, Wool Overlay, Bolster, and , Two Pillows ; Bordered Carpet, Toilet Service, Cornice Pole, and Pair of Lace Curtains. SECOND BED. hOOM : Suite and other requisite Articles, similar Style— Prices— to above. Kt rCIIIIN i Set of Table Chairs, Arm- chair, Table, Fender, and Fireirons. Floorclotb, and London Road -.:. ---------A Established MIS. I 1,-?-7::--...---- -----is Heartbrug. STAIRS' AND LANDING, fitted with Oilcloth, Carpet, stair itois and Eyes, D tor Ha ts Telephone 1134. Brass Plates, So. This is a splendit lot, thoroughly reliable. Compare it with ally 73 guinea lot in th _ ---•wminaliel city.

PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM AND DADO :MOULDINGS.

linglish and Foreign Picture Frames. Rvery requisite for the trade. Regilding d Speciality. Largest stock of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTRRN BC,OK. 163 pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. IMPORTER OF GLASS. GLASS STOCK LISTS FREE ON APPLICATION.

H. MORELL, 177 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON, W.C. Warehouses : 11, 12 and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street, (in the rear). ¶Jeleçraphio Address: —l' Rabbitry, London." TF.lpp •.• . ..n rat

' I

WASHING AT HOME. BRADFORD.. " VOWEL XL.' W....thg• Wll=Sga& and Mangling eachtnos SAVE TiME, SAVE LABOUR, and SAVE THE CLOTHES. *".".• Catalerwe, Asa free dm siolleatios. THOMAS BRADFORD & 00, I4i, arid 142, If IGH tioLrioita, Lomauri ; VicTazui AVENUE. DICANSGATE, MANCHESTER; 13116, BOLD-KEW?, LIVAIIOOL ; CRESCENT IRON WC-AIES, SAETOLIE.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
They will restore you to health if you give them a chance.

BEECHAM'S PILLS have ever enjoyed the confidence of Ladies for the ailments peculiar to their sex.

Sold Everywhere In Boxes, price is. 'lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. 068 Pills), with full directions.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
I

Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOHN WALItEVI & CO., at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bew.-sy-street, and published by them at the same place,and also at The Examiner Offices,Victoria-road, WIDNES; $2, George-street, Sr. HELENS; 3, Market; street, EARLESTOWN; Church--street RUNCORN, Jtai• 23RD 1904.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, ,

===== 0002601_19040723_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
LITERS TO THE EDITOR.'

i4CifICE-r3 GEDW ENTS.

Authors of letters intended for publication must mall oases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on one side onlg of the paper andisent in, if possible,not later than Thursday.

Howley Ward Vacancy. Sir,-1 have much pleasure in supporting the candi- dature of Arr. Jacob Sankey in the Howley Ward. As one who desires to see party politics eliminated from municipal affairs, I regret that he has consented to con- test the election as the nominee of a political party. However, he has assured me that he is opposed to every form of illegal and immoral trading, that he is a deter- mined advocate of economy, and that he is prepared to aupport every proposal which tends to promote the physical and moral well-being of the community. The qualifications of his opponentare unknown to me, except in so far that he is a member of a" trade "already represented in the public life .of our town, out of all proportion to its legitimate claims,and a "trade" which openly and avowedly asserts that all other interests are subordinate and subservient to its own. For these reasons amongst many others I appeal to all who have the well-being of our tovvnat heart to support by every legitimate means the candidature of Mr. Sankey.—Sincerely yours, HERBERT DIDSICICO.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Baptist Church, Warrington. - The Rev. Herbert Dunnico's Mode of

Controversy.

Sir,—Miss Marie Corelli writing in the ' Bystander ', has been attacking "the dignitaries of the Church," and one phrase in her article would, I think, be of great use to the Rev. Herbert Duanico, if he would only read it. "They (the clergy) are chosen out and solemnly ordained to be the friends,• lovers and guides of humanity—rot to be selfish pedants, quarrelsome quidnuncs, and bigoted despots." Of the Rev. Herbert Dunnico's modes of controirersy very little can be-said to the writer's credit. I have, think, read .neaily all his letters on the many different subjects which he thinks it his duty to write upon, and very rare are ths exceptions in which he has written in a Christ4ike spirit. In his letter of Saturday last on the Social Problemhe talks of" lamentable ignorance," "narrow-minded, inconsistent and incorrect statements" in a manner that would lead people to believe that he was the only person who could possibly be right. A friend of mine once entered into what he intended to be a friendly controversy with the Rev. Herbert Dunnico on.the Education Question and just to show the unchristianlike manner in which the rev, gentleman conducts a controversy I will give just a few phrases. Just notice the Ohristianlike sarcasm.

" The letter certainly reflects great credit on the writer and his knowledge of scripture (sic) ought to have obtained for him holy orders ere this." '" It would bel an irreparable 'loss to the com- munity that such a genius (sic) should be left to blush unseen and waste his sweetness (sic) on the desert air."

Please observe the (sic) dear reader. My opinion of Mr. Donnie%) is (I might be wrong I hope I am) that he wants to make a name for himself. He must get to the front.He will be anything—a Liberal a Socialist, a Passive Resister, a law breaker in fact anything. Mr. Dunnico, take my advice, drop it all. never milid the political situation foiin this irreligious age the policy of neither side will fit in with the sermon on the Mount. Yours Scc. A. A.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Stockton Heath V. Warrington.

The Widening of Old London-road, &c. Sir,—As I anticipated, Mr. Westbrook on making careful investigation found that he was in error in stat- ing in his first letter that the width of Old London-road was to be 50 feet wide, to the extent of at least one- third in the length of it. With regard to the width of 50 feet near the Mulberry Tree he is quite correct, but in mentioning the width of 55 feet he omitted to say that the road opposite the Red Lion was practically that width before any negotiations were entered into at all. His first contention therefore to quote his own letter "That the Parish Council obtained terms so far as regards road width gave the Stockton Heath people a road 50 feet wide instead of one 45 feet wide" falls to the ground. Mr. Westbrook I also notice quotes legal authorities in support of his contention as to the rights of the Parish Council in the matter, but I hope he will excuse me from looking up law reports and books to see whether there are not opinions to the contrary. Life is altogether too short to do that. For my own part I am quite content to accept the Town Clerk's opinion 'On the whole subject viz. 'That a Parish Council has no locas stand; under the Light Railway Acts and also that the arrangements for the widening of Old London-road were made with the County Council." I need only say that the adoption of a policy of " sweet reasonableness" will be found to pay Stockton Heath best in the long run. So far the latter policy has only resulted in checking enterprises and busi- nesses, &c., which would be of benefit to the district— though they will come despite all opposition,—viz., the light railways, the electric light new schools, etc. Unfortunately, however, that is not the only feature in the matter, for I hear well grounded rumours of the adoption of a retaliatory policy on the part of Warring- ton in the shape of increased tram fares, the closing of their schools to the children of Stockton Heath, ant also the stoppage of the open market near the Mulberry I Tree. As have stated before, and do so again, Stock- ton Heath is not yet in such a position as she can afford to throw the gauntlet down to Warrington. It is a suicidal policy.—Yours faithfully, E. ENGLAND.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
The Representation of Warrington. Mr. A.H. Crosfield and the Labour Party.

---Sir,—The question put to rue at the Liberal meeting held yesterday as to who is to be candidate for the Progressive party is one which, for reasons which I am sure your _readers will understand, I should prefer to avoid discussing. But perhaps it is as well to say a few words about it, because the very fact of this question being addressed to me may lead to some misapprehen- sion on the matter. May -I therefore just remind our friend who put it, and perhaps others of your readers, tlist the choice of a candidate for the Progressive party rests, and always has rested, with that party itself expressing its will through a General Council and the Executive Committee selected by that Council. I feel sure that my friends on the Executive, and many other responsible members of the Liberal party will endorse what I said last night as to my not having tried to thrust myself forward as candidate. I did not do so at the last election, nor when last year the question of a prospective candidate was udder consideration; I simply left my- self in the hands of the Executive. I had many and long discussions at the time with our friends as to the advisability of adoptinga Labour candidate, and it was only in deference to the opinions they then very emphat- ically expressed that I consented to take the very honourable and also responsible position of prospective candidate. As things stand I intend to be guided by the advice of those who after all fpresent nineteen twentieths of the progressive forces in Warrington, if not a good deal more, and I shall certainly not fail my friends at a critical time, or be deterred in the work that lies before us next autumn and winter at the bid- ding of a mere handful of irreconcilables. I have never at any time exerted myself to prevent the adoption of a first rate Labour candidate, such a man for instance as Mr. Burt or Mr. Fenwick, or Mr. Broadhurst, or Mr. Crooks, men of that sort whose principles and sound judgment would unite the Progres- sive forces in the town in a way that no extreme Socialist could possibly unite them. On the other hand since the Liberal Executive did me the great honour to bring forward my name as Progres- sive candidate, I may say during discussions with many of the leaders of the great trade organisations in the town, I have been happy to find that they approved of the selection, and I may add that if I did not feel that one had. the confidence and support both of these gentle- men and of those they represent, I would not for one moment think of consenting to fill the position of pros- pective candidate. But it is a very deep gratification to me to know from them that I have a large measure of their confidence and support, and given that, Liberal friends of mine may be very sure that I shall not flinch and that when the time comes I shall be willing and proud to accept the position as candidate and make the best fight I can. At that time I hope we shall find that all members of the Progressive party will display, as Mr. Howes urged both last night and on Tuesday night "unity and enthusiasm." If unfortunately a small minority is inclined to fly off at a tangent, and instead of working for what is practical and feasible spend their time in looking for a short cut to Utopia, may I respectfully remind diem that it has long been found a bad policy to drop the bone for the shadow, and, to quote another homely adage, that the vast majority of Progressives, both of the working class and of the middle class in Warrington have not the slightest inten- tion of allowing "The tail to wag the dog."—Yours _ A. H. CROSFIELD.

Barremman, Hoylake, July 21st, 1904. P.S. Of course I use the word "Socialist" in a very different sense to that in which Sir William Harcourt used it a few years since when in a half jocular way he said that nowadays we are all Socialists. The distinc- tion is obvious.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
The Social Problem.

Sir,—Again I ask for your kind indulgence for a short space to reply to Mr. Dunnico. Firstly, I wish to ask wherein I show an arrogant and flippant manner? Is it arrogance then for a citizen to use the liberty open to all, to ask an honest minister, straightforward questions through an honest newspaper? And which questions he very honestly evades, and in place of an answer throws out a few Christian-like epithets, as well becomes a Christian minister. And as to flippancy, that is untrue. I have too deep a sense of the sacredness of our cause,

Application for Discharge. Before Deputy-Judge Cuthbert Smith, at the War. rington County Court on Thursday, Mr. Madden,barrister (instructed by Mr. Arthur Browne), applied on behalf of Mr. H. R. Ezard, formerly a builder and carrying on business in Padgate and district, for his discharge from bankruptcy. Mr. Dibb (official receiver) presented a report on the applicant's bankruptcy. The receiving order was made against Mr. Ezard, on his own petition, the Official Receiver said, in July 1899. The unsecured liabilities were £4,399, but his total liabilities were £27,000. The assets to meet the unsecured liabilities were expected to produce £2,023, but as a matter of fact they only realised £42 3s. 4d., the difference between the two amounts Wit.' accounted for by the bankrupt having over-estimated the various property equities. No dividend was, paid to the unsecured creditors. In commenting upon Mr. Ezard's bankruptcy, the Official Receiver said the bankrupt had been guilty of " rash and hazardous" speculation. Starting with £5O capital, he built in the 'course of a few years. 198 houses involving a liability of £27,000. He did not keep proper books of account and in one speculation in land at Ellesmere he spent £5OO in filling up before he was able to use it. Mr. Madden said after alapse of five years he appeared for the discharge of the bankrupt. He would dismiss from his mind the adjectives which the Official Re- ceiver had used in his report in which he spoke of "wil- ful Ignorance and extravagantand wild speculation." Mr. Dibb: lam only using the words of the Act of Parliament. Mr. Madden: Therefore they have no significance. (Laughter.) His Honour : The words used are "rash and hazard- ous "speculation. Mr. Madden said he was not complaining. The bank- rupt was the sonnf a builder who made some money and retired. The applicant had been with Johnson's, of Liverpool for about five years when he started business on his own account. He had very little money of his own. Whilst doing some work at Pad.gate he met with a man who prompted him to go into these building speculations, and it was the refusal of this man to advance him £BOO that caused him to be- come bankrupt at the last moment. As far as the bank- rupt was concerned,he was led into building speculations Thevall knew perfectly well what the game was in re- gard to buildings. The question was whether the bankrupt in this case was a fit and proper person to recommence business. He was led into these building transactions by Mr. Henry Thornton. He did not know the man. He originally c,atne to build two housesat Pad. gate and while there he met Mr. Thornton, who appeared as a mortgagee for £12,090. Mr. Thornton said "I will litulvou all tha mance/ vaa wiat." In this ,vty Mr. Ezard built something like 126 houses. Under the impression that he was to receive a further loan of £BOO, Mr. Ezard signed a deed at the offices of Mr. Thornton's solicitors, but instead of obtaining the money he received a letter stating that it was a collateral security. Mr. Ezard, continued Mr. Madden, should have taken steps to have set aside the deed. The trustee of the estate thought something of the kind ought to have been done, and the opinion of counsel was taken as to setting the deed aside. His Honour said counsel's opinion was against taking any action. Mr. Madden said it was then too late to take action. Proceeding, he went into details as to the transaction, and said Mr. E6trd ty ta prepared to go into the !sox aryl swear as to the correctness of his statement. Ceunsel proceeded to oontend that there was a large equity in the properties erected which the mortgagees had got the benefit of. Mortgagees never lent the full amount of the property and Mr. Ezard estimated that there was an equity of £2.009 which kad gone to the mortgagees. If the prepertiea had beer' sold and realised their value, ha clat?niel there would have been a large margin to this estate. Was this man entitled to a discharge? He would ask his honortr to look elm the position of a speculative builder as being different from that of a man engaged ma commer- cial undertaking or in a .1:Ion business. In the two last named businesses, the man was not so much the victim of those who were engaged in the swim with him. Most, men would admit that building was a hazardous game, In this ease the mortgagees had got their money. The Oficial Receiver: All the mortgagees have not got their money. His flonortr: Presnming they have got their money, I don't see how it affects the question. Mr. Madden said there was no suggestion that the bankrupt was not a hard-working man or that he lived extravagantly. The Oficial Receiver stated in his report that the debtor gave every assistance he possibly could. He (Mr. Madden) therefore asked with some confidence that Mr. Ezard might be granted his discharge. Mr. Dibb said he could not answer Mr. IVladden's observations.No doubt Mr. Madden had said what he had been instructed to say, but he (Mr. Dibb) did not wish to unduly press the matter against the bankrupt. He did not say that the bankrupt had defrauded ma serious sense at all. With regard to the term "rash and hazardous" speculation. when they considered that the bankrupt had no means, it was a most injudicious thing for him to embark in these large speculations without seeing that he was protecting his creditors as he ought to have done. Even if the application were granted, there must, be a suspension for two years. It was to the debtor's credit that he had waited five years before coming to the Court and asking for his discharge. His Honour said he was sure Mr. Madden arrl his client wonld be glad to hear the remarks of the Oficial Receiver because he (His Honour) thought Mr. Dibb had put the matter very. fairly. But assuming that the bankrupt could prove every word Mr. Madden had said,he did not think it offered very much excise. it was the old story; of the Garden of Eden: someone else told me to do it and I did it. It was the way In which he did it, that a judge'had to look at it in deal- ing with the bankruptcy laws. When one considered that a man with £5O caaital started on building speculations and erected 198 houses incurring a liability of £27,000, anyone who said that it was not rash and that it was not hazardous, seemed to him to be saying that which could not be substantiated. The important thing in this case was that after he was led into this speculative building he did not keep proper accounts, and the unfortunate result must follow. There ' was certainly reckless speculation in spending £5OO In tilling up land at Ellesmere before he could use it for buildine purposes. He found that the offences set out by the Official Receiver were proved. But in view of the fact that the bankrupt had waited five years be- fore making that application, he thought he would meet the circumstances of the case, especially after what the Official Receiver had said, by granting the bankrupt his discharge,after a suspension of three years.

Mr. CROSFIELD, who was loudlylcheered on rising to speak, said it was his privilege that evening, to address he thought for the first time an open-air Meeting,at any rite in that part of the town. It was a little difficult for anyone to address a political meeting at the present time, because as he heard Mr. Morley say the other night, they, as a party, had rather too much stock-in- trade. (Hear, hear and laughter.) The enormities of the Government—and he said it deliberately, and not merely as a platform gibe—had been so great that one scarcely knew where to make a start. What they had seen during the last few years, perhaps, illustrated better than anything he had known, a familiar saying that they used to hear from their old friend Mr. IVlcMinnies,that " if you give a Tory Government rope enough and time enough, they are sure to hang them- selves." (Laughterand cheers.) And certainly the ex- perience of the last few years had been so bad and had so disgusted the majority of responsible sensible citizens that he thought the old saying of Mr. McMinnies came home forcibly to them. It rather re- minded him of a story of Edwin Waugh's, which, said thespeaker, he had no doubt was Familiar to most of those present. It Was about a couple who went from Lancashire for a holiday—a sea trip to Ireland. The weather happened to be rather rough, and he (the speaker) dared say they knew what excursion steamers were like when the weather happened to be bad. After a couple of hours, the couple became very seedy. The old lady was on deck and her good husband was below, and she sent word that if her husband wanted to see her in this world he had better come and come quickly. The old fellow happened to be rather worse than his wife and he sent word back "Nah, nab. Ize not coming. She's had her own road all her life and she shall have it now, and if hoo is for deeing boo must dee, for ize not be long after her." (Loud laughter.) It was di ficult to make a wise selection of -the subjects to discuss, but between now and the great fight before them they intended to have everyone of these serious questions thrashed out, not by himself but by other public speakers not the least of whom was on the platform that evening. (Cheers.) On the following evening he hoped to be able to say something about the foreign policy because the Tory member for Warrington had laid great stress on the fact that foreign affairs at any rate were better conducted under a Conservative Government than under a Liberal Government. (A Voice: "Bosh.") That night, however, he would say nothing about foreign affairs, but very briefly recapitulate the main questions that they had to consider as they affected the home- steads in England. There was one question which was inextricably mixed up with the foreign conduct of affairs, and which bore upon labour iluestions at home. He had spent a great dell of time in investigating the whole of THE paocEEDrNGSIx SOITTIf A.F RTC %.

before, during and since the war, and he did not sup- pose there was any question which had exercised the minds of artisans of Warrin.gton and England more than the abominable re-actionary attempt to introduce Chinese labour into South Africa. That had a bearing on the question of the foreign policy, because he was sure they would all recollect only too well how they were asked not merely to support the war when it was commenced, but to encourage the commencement of a war which was to be a miner's war and to establish a great white man's country in the Transvaal and the Free State. in that connection the matter had a bear- ing on the foreign policy, but from a simple point of view everyone could understand that if they were going to have a large amount of cheap Chinese labour• introduced into the country, where with proper conditions and pay they could get plenty of labour on the spot, if they did that they were either going to have the white men superseded or else his standard of life dragged down to the conditions which obtained when Chinese labour was in force. That was a question which most deeply exercisedithe minds of all respectable artisans, whether in Sonth Africa or in England. (Ileac, hear.) Another question which had greatly exercised the minds of

TRADES UNIONISTS

all through the country. and noon which he had had much discussion with Trades Unionists, was the pure freedom. which Trade Unionists had to unite and com- bine in defence of their legitimate rights—a matter upon which he felt very strongly. He had had some experience of combination, and in his case innocent combination amongst capitalists, because it was now 16 years since he was voted into the secretaryship of an association of employers of labour, and which was not an unimportant association in this country. They had united to prevent the fierceness of competition driving prices down below cost. It would be very intricate for him to explain the work of the association and also out of place. The association had operate 4 for the benefit of the whole trade, and as it had prevented undue com- petition and the squeezing out of some of the weaker firms it had operated for the benefit of the workingmen themselves. (Hear, hear.) Did they think that holding those views he would stand before diem claiming for the class to which he belonged rights which he did not think ought to be conceded to working men in the same way before the law? (Cheers.) That was a very simple issue. They had some complicated issues to deal with, but that was not one of them. It was asimple proposi- tion, and he thought every one of them must be annoyed that he vote of Warrington the other day was cast against the principle for which Mr. Shackleton had con- tended in the Bill. He did not believe there was a working man present who more thoroughly felt than he did the justice and necessity of conceding and safe-guard- ing the same rights for the working class in that respect which were enjoyed by the employers of labour. It was a matter of justice,and he assured his Conservative friends it was one of the things which tended to thebeace and good government of this country in the long run. (Hear hear.) All his life he had been taught to take a pride n seeing the gradual and orderly progre3s of the work-, trig classes and the gradual raising of the standard of life which they saw in England, and, he was thankful to say, better in this country than in any other country in the world. That, with progressive Liberals, he held to be a matter of paramount importance. (Cheers.) There was nothing in the country so important unless it were the wiping out of, perhaps, the deepest blot on the civilization of modern ti nes, a blot that was described as the submerged tenth, of the three or four miliions of people who were in the lowest social scale. He had argued at many meetings in siVarrington that before they talked about dealing thoroughly and radically with the BETTER. HOUSING OF TFIF, PEOPLE

Ithey would be obliged to deaf -radically and effectively with the whole system of the land laws. (Hear, hear.) They might do something at housing without it, but they would only be tinkering, and that brought another question to his mind. Whether in the years to come, when this wretched Tory reaction had ceased, and when they went in for a long sell of orogressive govern- ment. whether they had to deal with the critical ques- 'tion of the land laws or tried to repeal an abominable piece of legislation being forced through the House now against the interests of the whole of the people, whether they dealt with the licensing question or the land question, they would most assuredly be brought face to face with thatl solid, dill, selfish opposition they had to meet with, whenever a Liberal Govern- ment came into pqw3r. and then their work was either emasculated or destroyed by the House of Lords. It was one of the last words Glad-

===== 0002601_19040723_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
is., the endeavour toameliorate the suffering of work- ,g humanity ever to deserve such a frivolous reproach. Dunnico also accuses me of being illogical. Well, I have never studied the hard and fast rules of logic it Is true—although somewhat fond of the science—so that a lesson front a University student in the game would be a treat I would not miss on any account, but he must show my illogic in its bearings on my first letter, and real contention which was: That having publicly, in the Theatre, and Co-operative Hall, etc., declared ' himself to be a Socialist, why do we afterwards find him strenuously working in the Liberal cause? I ask again, is it possible to be a true Socialist and true Liberal at the same time? Is it logical? (And then to throw the stone of inconsistency at another). In reply to the questions Mr. Dunnico shirks the point and goes off .to a eulogy on Christian teaching—saying that I omitted the word Christian. Well, if a sample of Mr. Dunnico's good logic consists in his imagining it possible for people to consider a Christian minister in the light of a non-Christian Socialist then give me my ignorance and illogic which pronounce such an impossibility. Does Mr. Dunnico infer that he considers Socialists as non-Christian ? a point I referred to last week but which he ingeniously ' slides over. If so he is greatly mistaken, and in spite of his logic it does not follow that because a man is a Socialist he must necessarily be a non-Christian,any more than it follows that a non-thfistian must be a Socialist. I wonder if Mr. Dunnico is helping the aims of the non- Christians in the Liberal party? Analysed—what an illogical position. Oh yes, there are Christians amongst the Socialists. Only the other day one of the highest ladies of our land—a Christian, and earnest Socialist— Lady Warwick, was asked ifshe would become a member of the British Institute of Social Service with which this same Social Service League is affiliated, but she courteously refused owing to the demands upon her time by other duties. And these are her own words "In joining with those who, with a self-sacrifice,Christian in the highest sense are working to build up the great labour movement which is slowly but surely bringing a message of hope to the victims of an unjust social system." Perhaps now Mr. Dunnico will believe that there are Christians amongst the Socialists. One more point, then I will trespass no longer. In last week's issue Mr. Dunnico accuses me of inconsistency. He may take my good wishes how he likes, but that as a reproach from hint is rich. Thanks, I do not fit the cap on, sir, but leave it to be worn by members of the Warrington Liberal Executive Committee, who pander for popularity to Socialist audiences. Will Mr. Dunnico now oblige with a bit more of his hard hitting—lam not very much afraid —and tell me wherein lies my bad logic, narrowminded- ness and above all" ignorance of the principles of the party of which I profess to be a member." A lefinition of Socialism or of the principles of the Labour party, by a Liberal opponent will be interesting and of immense value to the party at this very critical time for then we shall be able

"Tae see oorsels as ithers see us, It will free mony a blunder free as _ _ _ _

And foolish notion." As Mr. Dunnico has taken the initiative in hurling accusations perhaps he will not mind my following his noble example. I have proved him to beillogical. I have proved him to be inconsistent anti, since his Socialism is only fit for the few" who profess and call themselves Christians," perhaps also I have proved him nazrowminded. Our Socialism goes beyond that. It is just as broad as the earth, as great as the human family, and its foundations are justice and equity.— Very sincerely, P. B.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
A LOCAL BUILDER'S BANKRUPTCY.

The Examiner, Saturday, July 23, 1904

stone left with them when he told them that the present state of things could not go on, nor could it. They would have to face the question of the House of Lords, and when they came to fight their battle he hoped it was not going to be an ephemeral bit of enthusiasm. They would do no good with a couple of years of progressive legislation. They needed a general union of all the progressive forces and, as Sir John Brunner said to him the other day, 'one thing this country wants now is about 20 ,years of solid strong Radical Clovern- ment." (Cheers,. Some of his friends told him (Mr. Crostield) that he was a bit knagwinded,and he admitted that in Warrington a politician ought to be chary about that. In connection with that he might tell them a story of a man well-known in Warrington,a man of great ability, whose son was also a man of great ability. He heartily wishedhe was on their side. He was sure he would not mind him telling the story about his father. It was a little incident that happened in the House, and they knew that however clever, able, and eloquent a man might be the members were inclined to poke fun at him sometimes. This happened in the early seventies when, as they knew, after the great Midlothian campaign the Liberals had their knives into" Dizzy," and in the House of Commons "Dizzy" was attacked very severely and as he thought very deservedly. On one occasion, -the late Mr. Peter Rylands gave Disraeli a very .warm time of it, but he thought he went on a little bit too long, and he was not sure that he did not interfere with the dinner hour. (Laughter). The members did not like that, and so when Mr. Rylands had exceeded the limit a slip of paper was passed down the front Opposi- tion Bench and this was _ what was on it.—

Preposterous Peter, prithee cut it short; That" Dizzy" doeth what he didn't ouht We know, but still, life would be sweeter With ten Disraeli's than one Peter ! (Loud laughter and cheers.) The Rev. HERBERT DowNrco, who arrived later, took the chair and addressed the meeting. He apologised for his late arrival, and proceeded to express the hope that the workingmen of Warrington would not degrade their manhood and disgrace their town and blot the lives of their wives and children by selling their votes for a pint of beer. (Hear, hear.) If he were contesting the Borough he should describe himself as a labour candi- date, not a labour representation candidate—because the Labour Representation Committee's candidates were narrower than some Liberals. He preferred men of the class of John Burns, Will Crooks and Shackleton. (Applause.) Who were the Labour Representation Committee in Warrington? It could be proved that they did not represent one-tenth of the labour in the town. Whom, then, did they represent? They repre- sented nobody adequately, except the Independent Labour Party. Let them have a Labour Representation Committee by all means. He believed in it and he would be a member of it, but if they were to have a Labour Representation Committee, then in all common sense and all goodness let it be a Labour Representa- tion Committee representative of labour. (Hear, hear.) There were many great questions now in the public mind. First, the iniquitous Education Act. Then there was Protection ; not Mr. Chamberlain's Protection, but the protection of the working man. (Hear, hear. That must be attended to. (Hear, hear.) The land question was another highly important matter and was at the root of almost all other 'questions, and in addition there was the question of preferential tariffs, which he hoped would receive its death knell at the next election. (Cheers.) He had read Mr. Crosfield's speeches, and there was not a single matter affecting the general welfare of the workingmari within the limit of practical politics, that he was not as sound upon as the most pronounced Labour man or Radical in the House of Commons. Therefore if the workingmen of the country would only consider these great questions in the light of civic righteousness instead of as Tories, Liberals or Labour men, then he would have no fear of the result. (Cheers.) Mr. Crosfield was their captain and they asked him to take a broad and firm stand on every progressive question. They did not wish him to pander to his friends or hi l foes, because for every man who ran away because of that, six men would join him. (Hear,hear.)Whether Mr.Crosfleld won or lost the election he would then have the glad consciousness of knowing that he had fought an honourable battle and struck a blow in defence of those principles which alone could make a nation great. (Cheers.) THE GOVERNMENT'S MISMANAGEMENT. MR. PIERPOINT AS A WHOLE HOGGER.

to place Warrington on the list with the other progres- sive towns of the country, and once more show that the workingmen had as much consideration for their own homes as the men in other districts who had already revolted against Tory rule. (Cheers.) Several members of the audience then asked questions which were answered by Mr. Howes. Councillor MAGINN proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman and speakers, and said the large and interested gathering was a proof that political spirit had improved in Warrington. The Government were doubted, mistrusted and despised even by their own electors. In Mr. Crosfleld they had a man who would do all in his power to represent the workingmen of Warrington honestly. The motion was carried with enthusiasm.

In responding the CHAIRMAN said the only way to win the election was for every workingman to do his best in his sphere of life to try and spread the principles they as Liberals were fighting for and to do his utmost to secure the return of Mr. Crosfield. When the election came, he hoped they would not let Warrington stand disgraced by having a retrogressive member, but that the town would take its stand among the progressives and add the mystic letters M.P. to Mr.Crosfleld's name. (Cheers.) Mr. CROSFIELD also acknowledged Cue compliment,and said they had had a splendid meeting. It was most creditable that such a grand gathering had assembled on such a beautiful evening, and it was very encouraging to those who for the last twenty years had tried to keep the Liberal end up, when things were not looking quite as cheerful as they were now, and when they had not the good chance which they now had of bringing War- rington into line with the most advanced and progressive towns in the country. lie devoutly hoped they would not make any mistake next time, but that they would do what they had set themselves oat to do. (Caeers).

===== 0002601_19040723_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL OPEN-AIR MEETINGS.

MR. A H. GROSFIELD ON QUESTIONS

OF THE DAY.

His Attitude Towards Labour.

STIRRING ADDRESSES BY MR. JOSEPH HOWES.

Further evidence of Liberal activity in Warringtdn has beer. forthmning this week. In order to keep the political questions of the day before the minds of the workers, two splendid open-air meetings have been held. The audiences ltave been very large and enthusiastic, and the addresses by Mr. A. H. Crosfiejd and Mr. Joseph Howes have been listened to with deep interest. The meetings mark a new venture in local Liberalism, and should serve a useful purpose in educating the constituency. On Tuesday evening there was an encouraging gathering at Bridge Foot, and on the following evening a large crowd assembled on the open space opposite St. Paul's Church. Perhaps the most interesting matter alluded to, from a local stand- point, was the attitude of the Labour Representation Committee,and a question by a member of the audience drew from Mr. Crosfield an explanation of his position. Hr. Grosfield's remarks are fully reported below.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY'S MEETING AT BRIDGE FOOT.

The Issues on which the Election will

be Fought.

Tuesday evening's meeting at Bridge-foot was at the outset presided over by Alderman Pierpoint. Later,the Rev. Herbert Dunnico took the chair and delivered an address in which he alluded to the Labour party's posi- tion. There were also present on the platform :—Mossrs. A. H. Croattold, Joseph Howes, C. Jackson Holmes, and Councillor Magian. Excellent arrangements had been made by Mr. J. Clayton (Liberal agent), and his energetic assistants, Messrs. Frank Plumpton and J. Howes, jun. Alderman Pierpoint briefly called upon Mr. Crosfield to address the meeting.

SPEECH BY MR. A. H. CROSTIELD. CHINESE LABOUR. HOUSING. TRADES UNIONISM.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. HOWE 3 then addressed the meeting. They could not occupy their time much better on a pleasant summer evening,he said, than in meeting together in the open air and considering the way in which the present Government had mismanaged our national affairs.(Hear, hear.) There was never a time more than the present when me' of all shades of opinion should bring their common sense to bear upon the questions of the day and take a firm stand. Great changes-had taken place since the Tory Government came into power eight years ago. Look at the condition of the country then and now. They came into power when the national exchequer was full to overflowing and now, after only eight years, it was empty and the bottom knocked out. (Laughter.) When the Tories had any doles tp give they went along to the Dukes, but when they had taxes to put on they came to the labourers. Therefore any man who voted for a Tory candidate was practically kissing the foot that had kicked him—and would kick him again. (Cheer.) We did not hear much about old age pensions now. (Laughter.) But as Liberals they must keep that question alive, and bring about the day when out of the imperial exchequer provision should be made for dis- abled workers after a certain period. (Hear, hear.) There was a great deal of poverty in the country they knew only too well. Why was it? Because of Government mismanage- ment and that was due to the apathy of the people. Home legislation had been scandalously neglected by the present Government. No one was satisfied. The Education Act had caused chaos and confusion. We wanted to link the a.b.c. class with the university. (Hear, hear.) We wanted education and not creed. (Hear, hear.) Then there was the licensing question. The very fact that the Government dare not have it dis- cussed proved that it ought never to have been intro- duced. It was a bill to compensate the worst part of "the trade "—the least deserving part of " the trade." It was proposed to throw huge sums of money, into the laps of the rich brewers. Every man who was a tenant in a tied house would be a victim under the bill and the rich brewer would get the plum. The bill provided that out of national funds hngh sums of money should be given to the brewers. He supposed that statement would be contested and it would be pointed out that the money was not to come out of national , funds but out of the brewers own pockets. It was proposed to tax licences, and the Government had as much right to tax a licence as it had to tax any other form of property in the country. If it was right I to tax the people's tea it was right to tax the brewers' monopoly. But when the Government 'took a tax it became national property and belonged to the nation, and the Government proposed to tax licences and give the taxes back as compensation. Then why did they not give them the tea tax back as compensation ? (Laugh- ter and cheers.) Why tax the licences at all? Merely to throw money to the brewers. Even a section of the Trade—the tied house holders—were revolting against the 1311 because it took from them to give to the already rich brewer. The Government was going to make a monopoly of the trade. They knew they could not depend upon the members of trades unions for support because they had made it impossible for Mr. Shackleton's Bill to be introduced. (Hear,hear-) They knew they could not depend upon the poor tax- payer because they had pulled down the purchasing power by taxing the necessaries of life; and they were trying to make friends with the brewers in order that they would use their influence on the polling day. (Hear. hear.) Mr. Howes proceeded to refer to the landing of Chinese labourers in South Africa. some or whom, he said, escaped and were arrested. 'nes, were now to grow wealthy on a shilling a day. (Laughter.) We did not fight for the glory of the country but for the ' degradation of its working classes. We did not fight to find fields for the workers, hut to load into the pockets of a gang of alien foreigners, heaps of money which they never ought to possess. Better for us, that gold and diamonds had never been found in South Africa. Radicalism, continued the speaker, did not teach them to pull anybody down, but it demanded the right to lift a lot of people up. They wanted to put the lever of better legislation under the lower strata of society and give them a lift. For that purpose they came to such a town as this and said : "Surely when all the country is revolting against Tory doings, Warrington will not lag behind." (A voice: ."It will not"). They had a memberwho in political parlance was known as a whole-hogger. Every abomination perpetrated by the Government he seemed Inclined to support. He was going in all bad ways politically. While they had nothing to say against him personally, they had much to say against him as a politician. While they desired to say nothing against him individually they had lots to say against the methods in which he was supposed to repre- sent a great and important town like this. The Liberals brought before them a candadate with practical com- mon sevse, and commercial knowledge, a man who knew that the source of the country's wealth sprung from commerce, manufacturer and industrial activity, a man who knew that the source of our wealth could only be properly handled, preserved, and conserved by men who understood the requirements of the nation, who had strength of intellect and warmth of heart to attempt to solve the problems, a man who believed that the taxa- tion of ground values would be more economical, more financially sound and truly patriotic, than the taxing or bread and tea, and who stood in favour of the removal of the taxes from food and the providing of the revenue from the wealthy sources to which he (Mr. Howes) had referred, a man who sympathised with the toilers, who understood the requirements of the country and was not afraid of being called a "Little Englander" in his endeavour to improve the condition of England. A man of that kind they had no hesitation,in bringing before the electors. If the fight was to result in a victory it was necessary that they should take for their motto "Unity and enthusiasm." All the progressive forces must work together. Let them cease using hard words against any section or any individual of any section. Every man who was not a Tory, who ;was not retrograde and was not in favour of stagnation, every man who felt it was time that this iniquitous Government should be brought to an end, should put his shoulder to the next man's shoulder, and they should stand together in a solid rank. He hoped at the next election they would win such a victory that they would be able

===== 0002601_19040723_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETING AT BEWSEY.

Mr. Crosfield and the Local Labour

Party.

A large crowd assembled on the open space opposite St. Paul's Church for Wednesday evening's meeting, Councillor James Evans presided, and was supported on the platform by Messrs. A. H. Crosdeld. Joseph Howes, C. E. Parker, C. J. Holmes, and W. Furness.

The CHAIRMAN said they were entering upon what he hoped would be a very successful campaign, resulting in a win at the election. (Hear, hear.) He did not think the present was a time when Liberals, either advanced!or otherwise, could afford division. (Hear, hear.) All broadminded Liberals should put their backs into the work inorder that they might place in power a Government that would carry out the wishes of the people. Again and again they ha l blamed Conservative Governments of the past for not doing things, but they might very fittingly charge the present Government with doing what they were never sent to power to do and what they never had the expressed opinion and authority of the nation for doing. The great principles, of Liberalism were by no means played out. They had not yet been fully played in." (Laughter.) What Liberals wanted to do, was to advance still further on the old lines. They wanted many measures of reform. From what source were they to obtain them? These re- forms were to come from the same kind of men and the same code of principles which had brought us the prosperity and success of the last fifty years.(Applause.) MR. CROSFIELD AND TORY FO_REIGN POLICY.

A REPLY TO VIE Bow:mail MEMBER.

Mr. A. ff. CELOSFIELD, who was enthusiastically re- ceived, said he had the honour of speaking to a very attentive and considerate audience on Tuesday evening, and he was afraid he occupied a good deal too much time. They had on the platform that night otherspeakers, who, he knew, were competent to instruct them much better than he, and he saw one or two gentlemen close to,that he would also like to see upon the platform and to hear upon some of the great questions that concerned them so deeply. On Tuesday evening he said that with their favour he would like to say a word or two on some of those foreign questions that concerned them indirectly almost as much as the home questions that they were specially interested in, and more particularly because the member for this borough had more or less

CHALLENGED THE WHOLE PROGRESSIVE PARTY in saying that at any rate the Conservative party was better qualified than they (the progessives) to deal with foreign questions. He would not trouble them by going very much into detail, but he wanted to recapitulate some of the wars in which we had squandered our resources during the long reign of Toryism which at last was coming to an end. (Hear, hear.) lie would like to ask them to consider what some of those wars had meant, and to say a word or two upon the whole question of war and how they as Liberals regarded it. Let him remind them of the expenditure of £10.000,000 or more which was incurred when we embarked on that very foolish campaign— •

THE CHITRAL EXPEDITION'.

===== 0002601_19040723_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
They knew that in the Resebery cabinet it was an open secret that there were unfortunate differences, but he was sure they must all consider it very significant that upon that question of all questions in that cabinet there was absolute unanimity as to the totally un- necessary character of the Chitral expedition. He re- membered well at the time it was compared to a man in a fortress in the old days when they were surrounded by moats, who built a bridge or a causeway halfway across his moat to meet the enemy, and if he talked for an hour he c )uld not give them a better illustration of the folly and the waste of that Chitral expedition. They must remember whose pockets those ten millions of expenditure had to come from. The industrial classes of the country who provided the revenue had to pay for those things. He would take next the

ABSURD ATTEMPT TO HUNT OUT VIE MAD IVIULLAEI. He would only say one word upon that—and it had often been said and was very true—that it was a question who were the maddest people, the Mullah or the poorly who ran after him. (Laughter.) Alluding to

THE EXPEDITION TO THIBET, Mr. Crosfield said he happened to know that even amongst the forward party of the military school of India—who very naturally, and if they would properly had plenty of fight in them—there was very little attempt to defend that wretched expedition, and he did not think there would be many of the Liberal party who were going to sanction or approve a waste of our resources on expeditions of that kind. He had left the greatest war in our times to the last, but if any of the audience had done him the honour to read the long letters in which he had endeavoured carefully to investi- gate the causes and the origin of THAT TERRIBLE CAMPAIGN IN SOUTH AFRICA, they would know that he held that there, quite as much as in those minor wars, judicious, thoughtful and wise statesmanship might easily have prevented if not all, at any rate an enormous amount of the waste of blood and treasure and the untold misery that the war had caused. They could depend upon it that the enormous expendi- ture in South Africa had affected them and their indus- tries at home. (Hear, hear.) It reacted upon British trade, and he thought it would make their hearts bleed if he told them what he had heard from eye witnesses of the Transvaal and the Orange Free State, where those unfortunate little nationalities representing a Popula- tion no larger than that of Salford were crushed out in that sad and terrible war. They would remember before that war came about, how they were told that they were going to fight the battle of the miners. [lad it been a miners' war, or was it, after all, a mine owners' war? (Hear, hear.) They could not have forgotton how they were told that they were going to develop a great white man's country. Now they had heard. and , they had all been stirred by the idea, that after the legagy that Wilberforce handed down and which had made England's name one of the very safeguards against slavery, they were going to have introduced in that country

===== 0002601_19040723_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
MOST SERVILE KIND OF CHISTESE LAMOUR.

He did not think thatany thoughtful workingman could be gulled or deluded over such a question, or fail to perceive that either the Chinese labourer was going to displace the white man or else he was going to crag down the conditions of white labour to something like those that obtained amongst the Chinese. He had been in America once or twice and he knew that of all the problems which that country had to deal with—and there were many difficult problems there—there was not one that was more serious and more ominous than what was called the negro question. (Hear, hear.) Black labour was introduced for the purpose of slavery from Africa into America. The blacks had been emancipated, but the mutual hatred and contempt which so largely existed between them and the white population of America was one of the most serious problems •that country had to deal with to-day. Were they quite sure that in years to come this reckless Govern- ment that stuck at nothing and considered nothing, would not have given them a very unfor- tunate legacy, if they had yellow and white labour mixed together under the conditions that obtainedat present in South Africa? He had ventured to speak strongly against the wars, little and big, which had been incurred since the Government came into power. They knew it was a,very old, old story—the inclination of the Conservative party to distract attention from reforms and progrees at home by a foreign policy of aggrandisement and excitement. He thought history was repeating itself in this long 'reign of the Tory party. He did not wish anyone pre- sent or anyone who might be kind enough to read his remarks to suppose that ha was or ever had been a peace at any price man, because he was not. (Hear, hear). There were WARS WITTCH WERE JUST AND NECESSARY. The most terrible war in modern times was that great conflict in America between north and south. He did not think people always realized what those four years of war cost America, but he might tell them that dur- ing that fearful civil war one million white men were killed on the field of battle, and that represented one half of the total number of lives lost during the Napoleon campaigns. He did not suppose anyone pre- sent would deny nevcrtheless that that great struggle bad to be fought out. That was a lust and necessary war. He had alluded to the great Napoleon. Every- body knew that Europe was bound to resist that man of marvellous ability and most unscrupulous character. He had to be beaten. That was another conflict that *aS just and necessary. If they sent back

===== 0002601_19040723_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
in our own history, and took the conflict of old Crom- well against Charles the First, supposing we had not purpose of getting votes at the last two elections. They fought for oar liberties in those days, red they think had to emancipate this important borough from tha Tory position which it occupied. They must dismiss the course of English history would show quite the'same the present member and brine, in a progressive represen- free untrammelled development of character,liberty and tatiie on the floor of the ['Luse of Commons to give responsibility which was one of the proud heritages of our force to the will and aspirations of the people. If they race? Therefore he by no means pleaded guilty to the did not do that the present position of the workers charge that some people sought to thrust upon them of must become worse and it would deserve to become being peace at any price men and little Englanders. ' Nothing of the sort! He valued the empire as much worse. (Cheers.) as aaybody—(hear, hear)—but he said distinctly and THE REPRESENTATION OF WARRINGTON. emphatically that we had got enough. It was suficient Mr. WRIonT asked whether Mr. Dunnico did not for us to develop the enormous territories we had got. make a.statemeat that even yet Mr. Crosfield was pre- If they considered what was taking place in the pared to stand dowd if a suitable Labour candidate was Far East ind the weakness that the Russian empire found: was showing with her enormous expansiost, he thought The CGAIRMAN said that was not so. Mr. they might begin to consider whether instead of Crosfield made the statement some time ago strengthening the empire we were not going to weaken that his sympathies were so far with labour ourselves if we tried to embrace within our territory that if a suitable broad-minded Labour candidate were every swamp and desert on the face of the globe. Dr. put before the constituency he would be prepared to Johnson said that moderation was the finest word in the stand out of the way if the majority of the party were English language, and as an imperial race we must learn in favour of that course. (Cheers.) The Liberal how to be moderate in our strength and strong in our organisation had been rather slow in adopting its candi- moderation. (Hear, hear.) We had done enough at date on this occasion, but having chosen Mr. Crosfield expansion; let us now attend to development. We no and entered the arena it was now too late to withdraw. longer needed to extend our Empire; though they as (Hear, hear.) He had not one single word to say Liberals were equally resolved with their Conservative against the Labour part y,but on the other hand he gave friends toldefend it. (Hear,hear.) Speaking of Imperial them credit for honesty of purpose. The Liberal party in defence he was in the House of Commons the other day Warrington stood for practically the whole of theLabour - when they were discussing the question of our party's programme. (Hear, hear.) The time had gone armaments,and he must say it struck him that there was by for division. It was time for cohesion and co-opera- a great air of unreality about it all, because he could tion, and for getting as much as possible of the Labour assure his hearers that the members were debating the party's programme through the next Parliament. question of the army and navy for two mortal hours (Cheers.) without one solitary reference to Mr. C. E. PARKER proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. THE AUXILIARY FORCES Crosfield and Mr. Howes. The question which had been which were the healthiest and the most natural and the put, and which the Chairman had dealt with, was one best defence we could have for our hoatesteads.He felt of great interest, but he did not think the best place to very strongly on that matter. He had given some time take it up was at a meeting of that kind. The best way and thought to it of late, and he was certain that while to consider a difficult question of that kind in regard we required tha two power navy—they were all agreed to the two branches of the progressive party—if he upon that—and well fortified coaling stations abroad, might call them so—would be to quietly discuss the while we required a very small but well equipped question between representatives of the twO organiza- regular army to police the empire, we should depend tions. (Hear, hear.) The Liberal party had done what mainly for our second line of defence at home upon a they could in that direction with the object of bringing well equipped and properly encouraged auxiliary force, together representatives of the two organizations and We wanted to help not to hinder them. having a conference on the question. (Hear, hear.) (Elear,hear.) We had never given them a fair chance, Unfortunately, the other side did not show a like dis- and he was astounded to hear that debate prolonged se position. He did not blame them at all for he had seen far without a solitary reference to them. The mill- from the very beginning—and said so at the time—that tary programme had not been fully developed— from the situation of the other party it was really they hadnot even the courage of their opinions impossible for them to meet. But he thought they —but the comparative discouragement which would agree with him that if it were possible for had been given to the volunteers seemed to representatives of the two branches of the progres- be absolutely and entirely upon the wrong lines, and he sive party to meet together and quietly discuss the hoped that if the Liberal party had anything to say in question they would very likely bring about an amicable- the future on the matter in Warrington that they would settlement. (Hear, hear.) It could be done in that way entirely reverse this policy.(Hear,hear.),lt was often said a good deal better than by discussing it on an occasion that inability to deal with foreign affairs was the weak like the present. (Hear, hear.) He trusted Mr. Cros- place in the Liberal party's policy. He denied it field would favourably consider the invitation sent to entirely. He was quite certain that him from the Liberal party and see his way to accede AS A FOREIGN MINISTER to it. (Hear, hear.) Lord aoseberY was quite the ablest man they had in Mr. WILKINSON Hiarox, in seconding the vote, said the Kingdom at present. (Hear, hear.) As for the he stood there as a trades unionist of 33 years' standing. present Government, apart from everything else, it It was owing to a LiberalGoverarnent that the right of was perfectly obvious, as Mr. Lloyd George said in the combination and the right of meeting together were House the other day that "The country is perfectly conceded. There was now a danger of their funds being sick of thera,and they are sick of their work and sick of placed in jeopardy. Because the railwaymen dared to each other. (Laughter.) When people got into that maintain their rights they were pursued in the law condition he thought it was just as well to give them a courts and judgment went against them. The Denaby holiday. (Laughter.) They did not seem inclined to miners suffered in the same Is• i ... ['his state of things take one at present. They wont on, and certainly for must not continue. The present member for the' extraordinary procedure he thought he could Borough was giving his support to it because Mr.- fairly say that they had broken all records. Shackleton'staill. which intended to remedy the state of (Hear, hear.) One was lost in amazement at it things, was out-voted in the House of Commons, and Mr. Pierpoint was one who voted against it. (Hear, al?, and it reminded him a bit of the country umpire who was called upon to officiate in a hear.) In Mr. Crosfield they had a candidate who was cricket match where a very smart professional was prepared to remedy the present state of affairs in regard keeping wicket. This man at the wicket, as quick to trades union funds. He (Mr. Haigh).did not belong as mustard, made an extremely clever catch and he to either political parEy, but he formed one of a depute- roared out at the umpire How's that ?" ,He rather tion that waited upon Mr. Crosfleld to ascertain his " startled the country umpire who could only reply views on the question. No one was more sorry than he "W -wonderful !" (Loud laughter). He (Mr. Crosfield) (Mr. Haigh) that the present division existed in the thought like the umpire that when theysaw the precious labour ranks, but it would be absurd on his part to fall', performance that was " in with the Labour Representation Committee for the only say "Wonderful. As far as they were concerned simple reason that he did not think they had a hundred going on just now, they could _ to ono chance of returning a candidate (Cheers). He in Warrington, they did not mind whether the Govern ment dissolved now or later. Whenever the time came believed that they would be able to return Mr. Cros- for them to fight their battle again, they would be of field at the head of the poll (Hear, good cheer. (Applause). On some occasions in the bye- there for a purpose (Cheers) hear). They were gone history of the Liberal party they had had to fight MR. CROSFIELD AND HIS POSITION. for one noble cause, and even that had been suficient to touch the conscience and rouse the enthusiasm of THE QUESTION OF A LABOUR CANDIDATE. the nation and lead them on to victory.(Hear,hear.)Now Mr. CROSFIELD, in acknowledging the vote of thanks- they saw that not on onelquestion alone but on fully said he only wanted to say one word to Mr. Wright six questions they had noble causes to fight for, which because he (Mr. Crosfield) would not like him to think would deeply affect the future welfare of the nation, that he wished in any way to shirk replying or to (Cheers.) They were willing to face their opponents, appear in the least degree afraid of replying.— and they would face them fairly and squarely prepared A VOICE : Don't be afraid of him. to argue out the great causes from start to finish. Mr. CROSFIELD : You may be sure of that. (Hear,. (Loud cheers.) Politics in Warrington had not been hear.) The only reason I hesitated entering upon the inn very healthy condition during the last twenty years, question in reply to Mr. Wright's remark was this, I at all events from a Progressive point of view, but all have not only myself -to consider. (Hear, hear.) that was changed now. The work before them was think it is only right and fair now that this question so has came and so vitally important' that it was enough toas came up,to say what I can say honestly,that I ha v inspire every one of them to give the Progressive party really not in the least degree endeavoured to push my a powerful—and he (Mr. Crosfield) would venture to claims. (Cheers.) I should be very conceited if I did. so, add—a prolonged backing. (Cheers.) They did not because -I do not feel I have any want to be supported merely for a year or two. There claims at all. ("•No, no.") When first the question was a great deal of thoroughly bad work to be undone of a labour candidate came to the front, my political friends know perfectly well that I expressed the great- and cleared away before they could do all the work that was waiting for them. That was *hat Mr. Chamberlain est willingness to stand aside, and to do more : I said I would do my best to support a Labour candidate if we was counting on—that when the Liberal party came into power that astute politician would be able to had one in Warrington who was a man of really high- discredit them by teason of the very wreckage standing and with whose views we were really honestly for which he himself was not a little responsible. and thoroughly in sympathy. (Hear, hear). I would (Hear, hear.) But they had got education now. The support him with what energy I possessed, and as far as artizans of a town like this could read and think, and - I could afford it, a little cash as well. (Cheers,) I suP- judge for themselves, and although they might have pose that would be about 18 months ago. I been to some extent led away during that fatal summer assure you I begged of my political friends, of 1899 when war fever was in the air—always a solely to consider the interests of the constitu- difficult time for democracies—he did not believe ency—solely to consider how this great con- they were going to be led away again. He stituency could best be won from Toryism (Cheers) thought that astute electioneerer, that American boss— If they were convinced that we should do better to because that was what the great wirepuller of Birming- adopt some Labour candidate I should have been the ham really was—would fail to lead the country very last man to raise a difficulty or stand in the way. astray in matters that so vitally concerned the (Hear, hear). I may have keen political instincts and some natural ambition, and lam not ashamed of welfare of every family and every workman in it- the land. Though powerf ally opposed to Mr. Chamber- (hear, hear)—but I certainly would never carry it to lain they could recognise and admire both his courage and lengths like that, and I may tell you that was exactly his energy, but on the other hand his past history, how the matter was broached eighteen months ago. showed that he had neither the wisdom, the pruielee Since then a great deal has happened (Hears the deep insight into men and affairs, and, he was sorry hear). We have entered upon a very serious toadd, the scrupulous honour and high character in re- undertaking and I should be false to hundreds gard to his methods which constituted what was highest and thousands of my friends in Warrington if I was and best in British state,s ninihip. Taay might give him to offer to act at the bidding of this man or the other credit for sincerity in his present undertaking, but none man when a proposition was brought to the fore. I the less the Progressives of this country knew their man think the official Liberal party and the Labour Repre- and were not to be led away by him. "Forewarned was sentation Committee and all sections of the progressive forces ought to consider what is best for our party. farearmed "and they knew that he counted for success in the future on his attempts to discredit the Govern_ and I assure you—although it is getting late in the day —if you only come to the conclusion that we can best- meat that succeeded the present Government, owing to the enormously difficult tasks that would be win our battle by choosing a Labour candidate or any imposed upon it. "Don't let him succeed," other candidate, leave me out like a shot. (Cries of said Mr. Crosfield. "They talk of the swing "No, no.") The moment lam satisfied that the feeling of the pendulum. It has had a long swing one way of the majority is that way— and we want it to' have a very long awing the other A VOICE : We don't want any 4,000 majorities. way. (Hear, hear.) I will quote in conclusion what Another VOICE : We want Mr. McMinaies' majority. Sir John Brunner said to me . the other day : (Cheers and hear, hear). Those who have at heart the real good of this country Mr. CROSFIELD: I must say one has a duty to one's friends and to the party as a whole. (Hat., hear.) those who are genuine and not sham patriots, should really do their best to pat into power a sound rogres- On the other hand, neither now nor at:any other time do' I wish from a personal or selfish point of view to act in sive 'Government, and keep it there for twenty years ti, come.'" (Cheers). any way that would be opposed to-the interests of the ANOTHER SPEECH BY MR. HOWES. Party as a whole. (Cheers.) It is a delicatelmatter for THE FOREIGN POLICY OF THE GOVERNMENT. me to refer to, but frankly I must leave mgself entirely Mr. HowEs, who had a hearty reception, pointed out in the hands of the party who can best judge how we that the spending power of a sovereign was no two shil- are to make the best fight. But please don't think lain w hugs less than when the Liberals left office,owing to the taking up some shabby, narrow minded and selfish attitude, because I should be very much ashamed of taxes imposed by the present Government. Was this Government worth two shillings a week more to the doing any action of that kind, which I know my father working man? (Laughter.) This reduction of the pur- would have scorned. (Cheers.) * chasing,lpower of the people made it difficult to meetithe Mr. HowEs also replied and the Meeting terminated. requirements of the family and reacted adversely on the home trade of the country. Dealing with the foreign P policy of the Government, he said they bad broken their word with the people of Chitral and they had thrown away our trading rights in Madagascar and Siam. It was a Tory Government that was respon- sible for the Berlin treaty under which we guaranteed zo protect the Armenians against the Kurd and Circassian soldiers. What had they done to put a stop to the atrocities? When the late Lord Salisbury was ques- tioned on the matter he said we could not interfere

Will of the Late Mr. E. A. Wallington. Mr. Edmund Alfred Wallington, iron and steel merchant of Sutton, and formerly of Latchford, and a member of the Runcorn Board of Guardians and of the Rural District Council, who died at his residence, Sutton, Preston Brook, Cheshire, on May 2nd last, left estate valued at £4103 is. 3d. gross.

_ __— because our ships could not go over the hills. (Laughter). His lordship knew that when he made the treaty, and if he knew he could not keep his word, why did he sign the treaty? There was only one policy to deal with the Turk and that was the "bag and baggage" policy of Mr. Gladstone. (Cheers.) Referring to the South African war, he criticised the Government's mis- management of it, and said we knew now what we went to war for. (Hear, hear.) It was a war to make the rich, richer and the poor, poorer (Hear, hear). Discussing the attitude of the Tory party towards trades unionism,Mr. Howes said the whole history of trades unionism was a condemnation of the Tory party. There was a combination of em- ployers long before there was any combination of the workers, and men were imprisonel in the old days for combining together and doing what was perfectly legal today. There was now a deep laid conspiracy to de- prive the workers of the advantages of their toil and to further pull down the purchasing power of their wages and make their battle more difficult in the future than in the past. (Hear, hear). Unfortunately, the member for this Borough was a member of that con- spiracy, perhaps not knowingly. Mr. Pierpoint was a "whole hogger." No doubt he thought that the bad which was being done would result in good at some future time. (Laughter.) In referring to some af the problems confronting them, Mr. Howes referred to the necessity of dealing with the land question and the House of Lords. A Liberal Government in office was never in power. They had to depend upon the enthusiasm of the outside people to fight their battle successfully against the House of Lords, which existed to prop up the interests of the landlords and monopolists. Mr. Chamberlain asked the workers of this country to make sacrifices by giving Colonial preferences and enhancing the price of food. The workers of this country had passed through the days of protection and could speak from experience. When tariffs were high their wages were low. That was the state of things in every continental country to-day under protection. It was said that wages would increase under a system of preferential tariffs, but if the Government wanted to prove their sincerity in this matter let tnem pass a law compelling employers to pay the increased wages. (Hear, hear.) It was said that the Government could not do it; then let them not do the other by imposing a preferential tariff. (Cheers.) Old age pensions were played with for th

A powerfully built navvy, from Belfast, was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment at Scarborough ort Wednesday for a murderous assault upon Constable Temple. The Recorder highly complimented Emily* Watson, the wife of a painter, who pluckily went to the assistance of Temple after be had been felled by the prisoner and lay unconscious.

Among those who have intimated their intention to be present at the reception and conversazione at the National Liberal Club on Wednesday next are Earl Spencer, Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, Sir William. and Lady liarconrt, the Earl of Crewe. the Earl and Countess of Aberdeen. Mr. and Mrs. Asquith, Mr, and Mrs. Bryce, Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Gladstone, Lord and Lady Burghclere, and Sir John Hibbert.

===== 0002601_19040723_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
P. S. A. WARRI NG T 0 N. " TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AFTERNOON. JULY 24. OPEN MEETING AT 3 O'CLOCK. PRESIDENT: MRS. YONG& SPEAKER MRS. MOORES, VIOLIN SOLO; MisTUR T. BARTON. ORGAN SOLO: MASTER PE ARCH. COLLECTION FOR P. S. A. FUNDS. HEARIN WELCOME TO ALL! B 0 L D STREET WESLEYAN CHLRCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JULY 24th. At 10.33 Rev. W. YOUNG, 8.A.. District Secretary of the itell¢ious Track Society At 6.30 Rev. W. C. J. NEVILLE. All welcome. Hymn Books provideJ.

MACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY AtlciEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly, adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 20S. GOLD INLAY 40S. MACDONALDS, ST. lIELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS.I to 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCEPX. ATTENDANCE DAILY: 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY/9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

WSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JULY 24t13. At 10-30. Mr. A. WILDF!. At 6-3,1. Her. JOHN GUNNFILL. All welcome Hymn Books provided.

tAPTIST rILIURCH. GOL3ORNE-STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JULY 24tn. REV. HERBERT DUNNICO. Morning. 10.45. Evening, 6.30. HFARTY WELCOME. tItdOUNNICO atli not oczupg, the pulpit again until the oeptember-

SPIRITUALIsT HALL, SANKEY sTREEr tAtitARRINGTON.—TO-DAY. MEETINGS of the S.W Neb. 45HIRE UNION. PUBLIC TEA at 6 o. clock, 6d by Public Meeting at 7.15( Addresses, Clairvoyance, &c.. NV. BATIE and Mr. WILKINSON, of Halifax; Mr. ku President of the National Union, Sze. Music i•ke voted. 114 PORROW (Sunday) at 2.30 and 6.20, MONDAY at 8. E. TETLOW, Inspirational. Psychometrist oko• 1,448,,T ANNIVERSARY IN WARRINGTON OF THE AtieLBRGY WIDOWS AND 'ORPHANS' SOCIETY CLERGY DAUGHTEIiS' SCHIOL. 1.1 WEDNESDAY, JULY 27TH, 1904. ,\ THE PATEoxAor ori THE LORD BISHOPS OF e 'IER, MANCHESTER AND LIVERPOOL. ,tiTtine,,ORIBERT MEETING at CLERGY DAUGHTERS' at 11 under the PRESIDENCY OF BEGIN ALD "LL, ESQUIRE. l'telek'VENE SERVICE in the PARISH CHURCH at 12. Rev. H. B. Blogg, M.A... Vicar of Frodsham. LUN koa CHEON AT THE TRAINING COLLEGE at 1. r4iscon 3 a• qtr,'lsßT AND PRIZE GIVING at CLERGY LitITERS' SCHOOL at 3. OF BRADFORD 14XHIBITION.—ENDLES9 Sipo. VARIETY OF INTERESTING FEATURES. -SATIONAL ENGAGEMENT FOR TWO WEEKS, SOORDAY. JULY 23 To FRIDAY, AUGUST 5, THE GREATEST NOVELTY OF THE AGE. COLONEL S. F. CODY TiWITH HIS WONDERFUL MAN-LIFTING WAR KITES. the, Latest Step in the Conquest of the Air. Ascents from ILl.Zzhibition Grounds Daily. D'BIRATIO4 or SCOUTING AND RECONNOITRING. 1117'11,tio Naval Spectacle (Russo-Japanese War), Soma! etl l 8• All the Famous Military Bands. Crystal Maze l 'ea Of Illusions, Baby Incubator. Illuminated with count- wi'ite;!,i ta,ry Lamps, and Electric Arc Lamps, Fireworks. as.ute, /to., &c. ii•ft'T, Is. ; after 6 o'clock, 6d. • Children 6d. Saturday, sPE ial facilities inquire at Tourist offices. BANK r4I IT1) —NOTICE is HKREBY Otiir'iLVEN. that RII EXTRAORDI NARY GENERAL of this Company will be held at the Bank lt Winwick st.. Warrington, on Thursday, the 28th '4q -""4. at cwelve o'clock noon. for the purpose of declar- 14,%lividend to be payable on the 4th Augost, and conduct- Ordinary Business of the Company. The Transfer 28 Will be closed from Wednesday 20th July, to Thurs- th July, both days inclusive. By order, Hart}, I R. W. WHALLEY, General Manager. 'sth -°•omew Lane, London, 13.0. 1904. [I) '4 COM 11 ITT lint of the 11EG1;44/11,421TAL ;44/11,421TAL INSTITUTE at ORFORD BARRACKS, Dp!„"ItiTON, are prepared to receive tenders for the 7,lLiOf MIER, MINERAL WATERS. GROCERIES, !‘4/4L'ar VHG 404. Period () six Pr TABI Be, TIREAD, CONFECTIONERY, -e..CIGARS, TOBACCO &c., FISH AND SUNDRIES, months commencing the let August, tkt., n.) Inforrnation as to conditions, of contract, quantities he obtained on applicati us to the President. tluVlication for the special tender form may be made to Cl lent, Regimental Institutes an,"nrrrittee do not bind themselves to accept the lowest tender, W. E. S. TYLER. Major, President Regimental Institute, \ 41' 6th, 1904 Warrington. GLANDS' SAILINGS TO GREENOCK '1)11 AND GLASGOW. 41rn INCH'S LOUISE OR OTHER STEAMER. N.. LivRRPOO L From GLASGOW `"Ft o.c _ k Berths No. 24.-28. North_ Side 3 `," 28th 10 p.m. Sat. July 23rd 2 p.m. '6.45 p.m. 'tibr,-u'Y. 30th 6 p.m. Thurs. July 28th 2 p.m. *5.25 P.m. sitr`.?' lancing stage) Mon. Aug let 2 p.m. *6.45 p.m. °ln from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). Wl5l reduced through tickets from Warrington, b OR," etc. "tfaET PARRS //ROM LIVERPOoL :—Oabin, Slnle, us. ; for two m-mths),l6s. 6d. Steeraue,Sincle, 5s 6d. 44%. SCIAL RETURN TICKETS.—OtiIid for 10 days). Cabin ; Steerage Bs. Sci. 14 M. LANGLANDs AND SONS, CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER. OIIGFORD PLACE. LIVERPO OL.

WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. GOLD AND bILVER WATCHES, DIAMOND AND OTHER RINGS, CHAINS, BROOCHES, PINS, STUDS. LINKS, and all other Articles of Jewellery practically GIVEN AWAY At the Prices Marked in the Window. Call and see for yourselves before going elsewhere. --- SPECIAL OFFER.-22ct. Gold Wedding Rings sold by weight. All shapes and sizes at 6/9 PER PRIVATE ;VITITTINri-ARYCIOr" ? 6/9 A Large Stock of Clocks, Bronzes, Forks, and Spoons, Cutlery. &c. by best makers,:at giving-away prices. RUBENS, JEWELLER, Bc-' 4, DIAIWBESTER STREEF, LIVERrOOL. -- NOTE.—MONEY Advanced on all kinds of Valuables Lowest Rates of Interest.

BLACKNIAIL, SLAIN I)ER, LIBEL OR DIVORCE American System.—ALLEN GAUNT BOWEN & CO.. PRIVATE ENQUIRY AGENTS. 21, DICKINSON STREET, MANOHEtiTER.

lf RS. JOWit TT and FAMILY desire to KXPRES II THEIR THANK 9 to the many friends for their kind nese and sympathy in their sad bereavement. Marsh House Lane, Warrington.

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years Application to he made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

TTRIP TO PARIS AUGUST 6TH, 5 DAYS .£4 105; Hotel and Drives Included. August 12th, Scotland.— Particulars from MR. FIiLIX MILLS, 163, Lee Street, Oldham. Stamp.

T L. HAWTHORN, JOINER AND BUILDER, PJ • 1, LOVELY LANE, WARRINGTON. FUNERALS FURNISHED. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO,

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per az, COVERLETTE I TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURE Punt 3/6 Ei.CH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (CAE STATION), LIVERPOOL. _

QTOCK-TAKING SAL E.—COST UM STAN DS Li from ss. 6d. each. Tailors' CLOTH BLOCK from 10s. 10d. doz. STOOK BOXBS from 10.. doz. BRASS SHOP WINDOW FITTINGS at manufacturers prices.—T. TATHi. 20, BROWNLOW HILL. LIVBRPOOL. BO YS YOU WANT BOOTS I'm offering Sixty I WANT TRADE Styles in Box Calf and Glace Kis, at Bs. 6d. a Ers GET TOGETHR E L time. ARTHUR EVANS. PosTAL f 55, ALDRRSGATIs SI. LONDON. DEPARTMENTS) 5, LONDON ROAD, LIVIIRPOOL.

,s 1 ,117 ER POOL AND NOT WALES. R4GULA,II DAILY SAILINGS (Sunday included) oilatial saloon steamer" La Marguerite " or other steamer 10,45 leaving Prince's Landing Stage daily, a,•rfl, for Llandudno, Benutnaris, Bangor and Menai hridgedallowin. four hours ashore at Llandudno, and due 'ack about 7 30 p.m. 11•5 Brraa SAILINGS. q an. every Saturdny and Sunday, extra sailing s by St. ?.30 'wino to Llandudno due back 8 p.m. P•RI., Fridays Saturdays, and Mondays, for Llandudno, fietumaris, Bangor, and M..nai Bridge. Afternoon ki,Rxouraions for Llandudno. °Dam Sundays by "Snowdon" for Llandudno and Menai Straits with Afternoon Excursion Bookings Llandudno and back. BANK HOLIDAY, Tat August. Tudno, at 9.15 a•fn• for Llandudn't and Holyhead. Iltrquerite at 10.45 a.m. for Llandudno and Menai )Btraits. (V all further information, apply to the Liverpool and Vales Steamship Company,Ltd. T G. Brew,Secretary, st., Liverpool. Guide 3d. post free. finds at North Wales, Hotel and Boat, from 21s. vtt egnpnwil Booking Pr Cheshire Lines leaving Warrington la.M. on week days and 9.45 a.m. on Sundays. Also N.W. Railway at 8-25 a.m. on week days and 8-36

MUNICIPAL BYE-ELECTION. TO TIIE ELECTORS OF HOWLRY WARD. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, At the request of a large number of ratepayers. I have consented to allow myself to be nominated as an inde- Pendent candidate at the b 3 erelection in this ward. I have always been of opinion that it was a mistake to let politils interfere with raunicipal affairs. and I welcomed the advent of the Non-trading Association, if only to kill the compact between the political parties. If they have done so they deserve the thanks of the town, irrespective of our opinions concerning their general policy, but personally,l think that they have justified their existence. They have scotched softe ridiculous schemes, they have exposed serious irregularities in connection with a slack Contract, and in many ways have enabled us to know more of the inner workings of ths Town Council than / formerly. As a large Ratepayer I have watched with interest the members of the Town Council embark upon the various costly public undertakings these last few years, and I consider that they have been guilty of lavish ex- penditure. The rrention of new Police Buildings at a cost of about £30,000 was a scandalous waste of public money, and if properly applied that sum was sufficient for that purpose and also the widening of Warrington Bridge. The continued high rates and their probable increase Is a serious matter to all concerned. They are detri— mental to the best interests of the town, a tax upon its trade and prosperity, and a cutting down of estimates as was recently done in Manchester would perhaps solve the question. I am 'not an advocate of false economy because I believe in efficiency, but when th 3 rates are increasing by leaps anti bounds it is time to economise some way. I am strongly opposed to increasing of salaries of already well paid officials of the Corporation by the ridiculous figure of £5O or £lOO at a time as was done recently, and respectfully suggest if any it creases are necessary that for a change the Council should commence at the other end of the social ladder. They have workmen in their employ who are not over paid. Some perform thankless duties for what is practically a bare living wage. I be- lieve in, and shall always support the payment of the standard rate of wags., both to workmen in the employ of the Corporation and also on contracts give,. by them. I am a strong supporter of the principle of Non-Trading. How can you expect purity or efficiency in municipal life if you allow members of the Council to use their positions in any way to gratify their personal gains The highest experts on municipal law have condemned the system. It is immoral ann leads to corruption and it should be declared illegal. In conclusion if you honour me with your confidence, I shall do my utmost for the ward of whieh I am a resi- dent. I would always oppose extravagance and am confident that you would never reget electing me to the honourable position as one of the representatives of Howley Ward in the Town Council. I am, Ladles and Gentlemen. 'Your obedient servant, THOS. CHANTLER, 92, Mersey Street; Warrington.

ALILAN LINE.—To CANADA, UNITED STATES. RIVER PLATR, ANT) INDIA. SAILINGS FROM LIVRRPOOL. "IN r)17113, line under Government contract for the hoi, eof f3anadian mans). 0 ARt ~k 4 AN Quebec and Montreal July 28 ',Pt A.TIA, St. John's N.F., and Hallfax...July 30 4ilitot. etiLCUTTA Calcutta... Aug 2 11h4,A.N Quebec and Montreal Aug 4 ON 'AN St J,hns NF Halifax and Phi!... Aug 6 bsiNa „" RATICS—To Canada. Saloon from £l4. Secondly B.; Third Class £3 Quebec, £4 Halifax. To India, IZor nd £27 lot. rarticulars apply to ALLAYP. 103,Learlenhalt Street and IR. James-street. Liverpoo'

WEEK'S HOLIDAY IN IRELAND FOR 3SP. NCLUDRS SALOON ON STRAMT4II (TI) AND 4,4 FROM LIVRRPOOL), Class Rail, 14 miles drive along the County Coast, giving an elaborate View of the Famous IrneMountains. also Board and Lodgings in let oth I, Hotel. FILER PASS given to Foreman and 1)%41 Capable of organising oarties of ten. Further lah,culars on implication to HARPS/L. NELWPORT- LIVHRPOOL.

FIRST GRADE PREMIER CYCLES AT 12 GUINEAS ARE THE WORLD'S BEST VALUE. J. S. GARLAND INVITES INSPECTION AT THE SHOWROOMS. 51, 53. & 55, BRIDGE STREET. WARRINGTON. SEVERAL LADIES' AND GENTS SECOND-HAND CYCLES FROM 50s. EACH,

B. W ADS WO RTH, SOLE AGENT FOR THE WORLD-FAMED PIANOS OF JOHN BROADWOOD & SONS. ADDRESS: 59, SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON. GEDDESS DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Publil. Sold by all Grocers and Drtigglsts,l‘ Oanlstes 6d., 10d., aad Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON. LTD WARRINGTON ESTABLISHRD 1833.

SUMMER HOLIDAYS. AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHERS SHOULD PAY A VISIT TO THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT. LARGEST STOCK OF NEW AND SECOND-HAND CAMERAS AND SCIENTIFIC INoTRITHENTS ETC., IN MANCHESTER. SECOND-HAND LIST NOW READY POST FREE. THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71, OXFORD ROAD (NEAR ALL SAINTS) MANCHESTER.

ir AIAGBEL" RAZORS ARE TEE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE 35., 4s. f6D., AND 56.: 6D. J. Q. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

R. CLAMP & SON, PORTMANTEAU, BAG. AND TRUNK MANUFACTURERS. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS from 245. Od. to 505. GLADSTONE BAGS (Heal Cow Hide) from 16s. ad. to 70s. BRIEF BAGS WATERPROOF HOLD-ALLS from 12s. 6d. to 30s. Buy direct from the makers and save 25 per cent. 37, 39, 41, DALE STREET, AND 12, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.— MUNICIPAL BYE-ELFECTION, 1934. TO THE BURGHS MIS OF HOWLEY WARD. LADTES AND GENTLIMEN,— Having been unanimously selected by the Conserva- tive Ward Committee and at the request ol a large num- ber of personal friends.l have again consented to contest the Ward in the Conservative interest at the forthcoming Municipal Election, caused by the elevation of John Evans. Esq., one of your late and esteemed represen- tatives, to be an Alderman of the Borough. Being a large ratepayer and having resided amongst you for 36 years, I can justly claim to know tbe require- ments of this large and important ward. As a determined Advocate of economy I view with regret the ever-increasing Salaries paid to the exception- ally large staff of Officials which we at present employ. especially considering the high rates we have to pay and the heavy financial embarrassment with which the town is already overburdened. If elected. I should support a fair wage clause for the benefit of the workingmen in all Corporation Contracts. In conclusion, if on this occasion you houour me by electing me to the Town Council, I can assure you tlaat anything which may be brought forward for the better- ment of the Town and of the Howley Ward in particular shall have my meat cordial and emphatic support. Thanking you for past favours and once again trusting you will honour me by recording your votes on my behalf as early as convenient on Monday next. I beg to remain. Ladies and Gentlemen, Yours obediently. JACOB SANKEY. 21, Church-street, Warrington, July 18th, 1904.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTBR &LBO ILLLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTRR ALBS. WHBATLBY'S HOP BITTBRS. WHBATLIIY'S GINGBR BRIM. To be had In CASK or BOTTLIIS from B. CUNNINGHAM' tiVINWICH ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINBRAL WATBRS En Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 178. NTORBS. OWBN STRBBT.

FOR YOUR HOLIDAYS. CHOICE MILD IMPORTED CIGARS. PRICES PER Jroo OA.RRIAGE PAID. Planters (full size) Durbar 4 (medium size) l2/- Whiffs (small size) - EDMONDS & HARDING, CIGAR IMPORTHRS, 137, FENCHURCH STREHT, LOND3N, E.C.

--- EXTERNAL TREATMENT.—SIMPLE, SAFE CERTAIN. NO HUMBUG, NO BUNKUM. GUARANTEED THE MOST WONDERcUL SPEC! FOR HUMAN SUFFERING EVER PLACED ;BEFORE THE PUBLIC. VITA-LEO CONQUERS Pain, Sickness, and Suffering. Restores and Preserves Health. Prolongs Life. AN IDEAI EMBROCATION FOR ATHLETES. VITA-LEO OINTMENT CURES Ba Legs, Ulcers, Sores, Wounds, Eczema, and other Skin Diseases. Blood Poison, Piles. Fistula, ece. POST FREE : VITA-LEO Is. 3d., Is. 9d., and 2s. 9d ; OINTMENT, 7d. and is. Id. Direct from Manufacturers, lUSSARD AND CO., 180 GREAT 134ITAIN STREET, DUBLIN. Pamphlet on Disease, Cause, Prevention and Cure" free PLEASE MENTION THIS PAPER.

"AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES." J. AND D UTTON 16, 18, & 20, SA.NKEY STREET, WARRINGTON, ARE NOW OFFERING DURING THEIR SUMMER SALE THVIR ENTIRM STOCK AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. A TIME OF PEAT, SUBSTANTIAL BARGAINS."

MOH HOUSE STUDIO, WARRINGTON. M . BIRTLES BEGS TO THANK HIS NUMEROUS PATRONS FOR THE KIND SUPPORT RECEIVED DURING A PERIOD OF NEARLY THIRTY YEARS IN BUSINESS, AND BEGS TO INFORM THEM THAT HE HAS BUILT AND OPENED A NEW STUDIO AT LEGH HOUSE, WHICH WILL BE FOUND EQUAL TO ANY PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO IN THE KINGDOM FOR HIGH-CLASS PHOTOGRAPHY. APPOINTMENTS WILL OBLIGE.

J. M. GREENHALGH & Co., ARE NOW SHOWING A CHOICE SELECTION OF -UP-TO-DATE BED-ROOM FURNITURE RANGING IN PRICE FROM £l2 AND UPWARDS. ALSO SMART AND UP-TO-DATE LINES IN ALL 'BRASS & BRASS & IRON BEDSTEADS AT PItICES RANGING FROM 14s. 6. AND UPWARDS. 1.38 & 140, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON,

ED WIN PRYOR AND SON • 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, Pi EWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER W NICHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY OF EVERT DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PHU CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old aold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Motley advance on Jewellety, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, lc.. to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy gunranteed. Parcels by post, will receive pnirupt attention. TELEPHONE. 2061.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD jEFFREYSI 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVER! 00i4, IFRAMn MAKER AND FILINT SELLER. A Lsrge Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable(for Wedding and Birthday Presents, Schcol Prizes, Ac. Terms Moderate. A. FINS COLLBOTION OF PIIOXOGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures In the Continental Galleries.;

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE I THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVESING SHOE-- IMMENSE dVARIF.TY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

THIS IS AN AGE OF SMARTNESS. THE EFFORT OF THE "MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT IS TO PRODUCE SOMETHING SMART IN CLOTHING FOR ALL CLASSES. THEY RESPECTFULLY SUBMIT IT TO YOUR JUDGMENT. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT', s & io, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

OR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BERN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE BOOY TO WOMANKIND. Ttviy are the best known Remedy,for Amomin, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meats, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9,1 d, Is lf,d, 2s 91, 4s 6d, and us, May be had from Qh.-nists end Patent Medicine Vendors eyorywhere, Pr frim the Prorrietor. Only Address : 3J9. PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON W.

HODGKINSON, LTD. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE OF HIGH-CLASS DRAPERY, PREVIOUS TO RENIOVAL :INTO NEW PREMISES. BARGAINS TO ULEAR THE STOCKS IN EVERY DEPARTMENT. 34, 44, 46, & 48 BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

S. FERNLEY. 71, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINUTON WATCHES. CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

ROBERT LOW 3. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, tlc VALUER Office and balerooms : No, I, BA.NK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPaores, No. 55. CASE ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Second-hand Fnrnitnre and other Goods conetantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture, eco.. warehoused,

T. CLARKE, " EXAMINRR" OFFIOR, RARLESTOWN, Has always in stock A GOOD AiSORIMENT of FANCY GOODS, ALBUMS (Photo and postcard) also PURSRS &e., nd Stationery in general. Agent for the Wesleyan and aeneral Assurance Society. NOTE THE ADDRESS, 33. MARKET STREET. RABLESTOWN.

Li WHY GROW EJALD ? YOU CAN GROW HAIR BY USING ANTINOPIA. OY CHRMISTS. OR POST FREE 28. 6D., FROM SEABY:Sr Ck). 21, RAILWAY APPROACH, LONDON BRIDGE.

ADVANCKS £3 TO £SOO.—DON'T PAY FEKS As those Offices who ask for feßs,will only pooket your fee and refuse tha advance. NO FEES OF ANY KIND CHARGED. NO iiJfITIIH REQITIRED. NO /UMW r- ABLE APPLICATION refusal. NO FINNS IF UNABLE to pay for a few weeks through Illness or heing out of work. HONEST and STRAIGHFOriWAUD doalings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranzed to Suit applicants. Apply and be aonvinled to the—Manager, J. CALVERT. CLAUGHTONICHAMBERS,I, CLAUGHTON TRHET opposite Dr. Knowles) ST. HELENS.

LOANS GRANT/3D DAILY, ANY DISTANCE, FROM £5 r o Xl,OOO FOR ANY IMMEDIATE WANT, BUSINESS OR PRIVATE, also for purchasing or starting new business, on simple promissory note. No fines. All applications immediately attended to. Apply in confld• ence, personally or by letter, to THE STANDARD LOAN CO., 4, PARKER STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL TERMS TO FARMERS. HEAD OFFICE : 9. CORPORATION ST., MANCHESTER

NO PRELIMINARY FEISS CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL scats (NOT LESS THAN £10), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the last 29 years the total amount lent by the undersigned EXCEEDED .E 1,250,000 He has received hundreds of unsol(cited letters of thanks, and has annually, for the past eight ylars. issued selec- tions from these in pamphlets, of which more than 300,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied free of charge, on application, either personally or by letter, to : GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

_ MONEY LENT PRIvATELY. TO £l,OOO. TO FARMERS, TIZADHIt EN, PROFK4SIONAL Gurtrui.- MEN, HOTEL AND LODGING-HOUSE KEEPERS, and to all Responsible Houselabldera Worthy of Credit, upon Note of Hand Alone, in any part of England or Wales. Loan £5 To Reply £5 15 0 2. £lO £ll 10 0 £2O £23 0 0 £3O £5410 0 £5O £5710 0 1 £lOO OP £ll5 0 0 Larger amounts in p °portion. Extra Charges made in cases considered necessary. Special Terms Arranged to suit Borrowers' Own Convenience. Letters immediately answered. Prospectus free on apolloat,on Call or write in strict canfid- ence to ,the NA 10 NAL LOAN SOCIETY, 41, CORPORA TION ST., MANCHESTER. (Regi4terect Office'.

DVANCES FROM X 5 UPWARDS. PERSONS WANTING TEMPORARY CASH ADVANCES SHOULD NOTE THE ADVANTAGES OFFERED AT THIS OFFICE. (1) THE DESPTCH WITH WHICH ADVANCES ARCO MT ETRD. (2) TEE SIMPLICITY OF PROMISSORY NOTE. (3) THE REASONABLE RATE OF INTERIM CHARGED. (4) NO FINES FOR ARREARS. (5) REPAYMENTS ARRANGED TO SUIT CON VENIENCE OF BORROWERS. (6) NO BONDSMEN OR SURETIE REQUIRED. (7) ALL BUSINESS STRICTLY PRIVATE. no NO APPLICATION FEES. APPLY PERSONALLY OR BY LETTER. S. A UERBACH. 1 23. MOUNT PLEASANT. LIVERPOOT,

NOTHING FITS YOU SO WELL FOR THE BURDEN AND HEAT OF THE DAY as 9 4=z If you have not tried it Buy a new 6d Tin, You will get 25 cups out of it and enjoy every cup. BEST & GOES FARTHEST.

THE BOLD & ATTRACTIVE COASTS OF DEVON AND CORNWALL

THE ROMANTIC EXMOOR AND RUGGED DARTMOOR.

,h I, , ace the liiNest - Aue im - i-, Biaish Cigars ola aina.ble 1 ,) 4 lIV . jo tt \ V \ ir- ' 2D ) t if: / etock 7 - . TRY THE ... 7."•-... , for 1 4- - (:.[.. CKA,, /Am 5 IC r-- , FOR ‘ ,-;r11,71 _ \ boxol • . , ...,.,,, Azi - ~,-.... -, ~__-7.--.7„i,--, , 01 (.....5_- ...,:,!1.-_-_,144:-.4...;_•."--- - - h-, ~,,....,,--,••-•,« -; AVISS 151Z05. E° Cov ,4

• u ~ w-5....-4te .... ~. E ~....,......„4„, • it..„, 1:,..4.,,,...6 i. ..,. _., , _ _ . -,---7,5------ ._-.-.::•7.-- -... ?r A, ,c.4,' lv-i:444,;;,....•.0 , ' ,- ? 1 ,‘ ..,;%v - . \ ~.. -A- ... ,-,,- , );.• N ~,, , c‹, \„„..., , $.. `• . --,t,. H Id ' r., , - - .C L AS-5 - - ' CA,R DE N HO, • E„::: - 63 • LONG ACRE -LARGEST CLASS HOSE IN THEiNOVL-o.'

ONE, TWO, OR THREE', according to age and constitution, may be taken of DR. kilf7qo'S BILIOUS & LIVER PILLS (Guaranteed without Mercury) These Pills have been prescribed by Medical men for over zoo years, are still ahead of all Liver Pills; gentle in their action, restore tone to the general system, and are the safest and most reliable family medicine for all ages, and absolutely cure the symptoms of Torpid Liver, such as UNPLEASANT BREATH—WIND GIDDINESS DEPRESSED SPIRITS INDIGESTION BACKACHE—SPASMS—ROUpH TONGUE—ACIDITY AND CONSTIPATION—and stimulate the Liver itself to con- tinued healthy action. Sold everywhere-IM, 2/9 and 4'6 per box.

TENNENTips T •LAGER BEER.. GUARANTEED BRIGHT et FREE FROM SEDIMENT: To be obtained from M. WALKER & SONS LTD., Warringtoir and of all Grocers and Wine Merchants. Matured in Cold Storage for months before being bottled: See that Every Bottle has the Red T Label. to, Lancelots Hey, Liverpool. WELLPARK BREWERY, GLASGOW' go-Pau ILLIYSTRATIVCATALoetIs. WhoOssale to Prim, Cycles. Motors. Accessories. 4500 new ititani.•it aecond-hand machines actually in stock. Cycles from 30/-, RBA. Erery ."11141M- ; k Sadie's machines. Never Accessory, WO 0 suck bargains offered Frames, Tyres, b. Send for List. - , Wheels, rek At Agents wanted 41 ..----.. illpr ac., Half- wS v.. 1' A\ ..,,,--F: price ea tliaNn 1.,:g.5rent- kere 0 S • ___../ NOP —Warrilow & Co.. Weston-super-Mare • --.

- •_ ••-... ~.....2;,....%44 ....,.••• .--1,.,,,,,44..._h,,,7,1!,;,. -.. ' ' . - Cost 1/ S.Nigie 10/- - Wood-Milne ra Prevent Fatigue aNteldr7oJuabrieatnhde , Life of your Boot 3 . Revolving ...., . Heels Craator , • •.•-•..........r----•.---.....—.—. Ccmfort• ei'..= ' u"..."'—.."-- Smarter . ............a.. = ....—.----- Appearance. ----- EASILY FIXED. .------"'-- ==-------....----===',._ -------"' • ' Will stand 12 months' ordinary wear. ....,,,,,•.t...,, :== ...........'''—' None genuine ___,------= —I .tinoleols.ratnEvne,L .............. ...... ....—.....-- 1110 e. Sold every- SPECIALQUALI . where

GRITGHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS. Registered No 40.376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN at WHEN STARCHED. Used in the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. Once tried, always wanted. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKEN preittest boon ever offered to the Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish tostarchedLinen.Laces,eto It does not stick to gab:ler-web-like materials. SOld everywhere in Packets at Id., 3d.. and 6d.. each. PREPARED ONLY BY T. eßiTenLeir. Chemist, BL74eKslJit,- 7, Whiter Ps treet. London. MX.

Don't soil your ironing I by using poor starch— foreign starch—starch that no maker risks his name or reputation on. Starch can't be too good to properly finis 4 the labour spent in washing and ironing. It pays to get the best lin starch. COLMAN'S STARCH is as good as COLMAN'S MUSTARD.

')/ IG 4C"a" Ot!:"

I PEEK, FREAN & CO.'S "PAT-A-CAKE (Regd, BISCUITS.

TIRED MIEN. Da When you are tired of taking mysterious prescriptions's A Weary of wearing Electrio Belts, write tome. and I will seal you a Book, which shows how every man, young and 017 may be quickly and thoroughly cured of NERVOUSNO3'. EXHAUSTION, VARIOUCELE, and DEBILITY, front 094. cause whatever, WITHOUT STOM&CH MEDIC:NO, vo ELECTRICITY. Hundreds of cures. Book sent sealed.Pli free, for two stamos.—A. J. LEIGH, 92 and 93,Great Etlleto, St., London. W.O. Over seventeen years' successful ress_.... --- Aik W ---------lor is wonderful water prooter'j'.. tp BOOTS 1 HARNESS. tens and preserves the Dales, Pleasant odour allow pciwa ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITION HIGOSW'I di obe AWARDS. f POI Tins zd.. 6d., lc 8.216 0, _.„.! Makers, Saddlers fronftio:;e4 .57. c. Mann/actor; East P.. London. _------------

-- PUT OS f 4 i CC Z .4 KEARSLEY'SIOOWRS.RE WIDOW. ~, ;* ELCH S - _ , tiel:.waarr.tmleindiu.:a. rs,dne all mtALE 11:-.Ls ri approval of the Meoical Profession. Beware of 10u.,,,,,..71,nver5, The only genuine and original are in White Paper "' r;,. 2fl. Boxes is lfd and 2s 9d of all chemists, or by Post. sireei. and 2s. 10d. Makers. 0 and G KEsaaf.mr, 17, riorttiL,oo Westminster. [Note White Wrapper.] Sold in the Uow ttiren; ,mren col ormtphude cnutrie. ofnaetyLirbracil...vieltiloatrog;:

Those most Competent to Judge

Rporos, oarbina COtabo.

A LDHRLHY BDGIL—TTIORNILEIr. Tea Rooms, Morley /I Hall lane. Picnic Parties catered for. Accommo- dation for Cyclists.

CIIICCINTA. —Good STABLING for VISITORS' HOußs and good Room for Motor-cars. Note the address.— BIIYNHIR ARMS, Criccieth. - IOLRBSTONI4.—FOSTBR'S TBMPRRANCH HOTEL and .112 Boarding Bstablishment ; unique accommodation for vieitors ; near sea and country.

ATLOCK BATH.—Mrs. FOWLER. Ashfield, Waterloo rd., extensive grounds; charming views; Board, Apartments ; terms moderate. GREAT YARMOUTH.—REGEXT Bnehnutu HOUSE. 63 Marine Parade, facing Britannia Pier ; cycle accom- modation; sea water baths; stamp.

LLSWATHR.—PATTHROALE HOTICL, Ullswater, Pen rith ; stands in Its own groun,is ; facing lake; terms moderate.—Misses HUDSON, Proprietresses.

SOUTHPORT.—HOME for INVALIDS; medical, surgical, chronic and convalescent patients received ; south aspect. —Apply aurguirTENDENT. 42. Avondale ro4d.

QUMMHR HOLIDAYS. Special Terms. Borrowdale Hotel, Derwentwater, Keswick. Delightful situation ; good table; every home comfort—Apply MANAGERESS.

T LANDUDNO.—" Lynslade " BOARDING lISTABLIitf- MENT. Neville Crescent, centre of grand promenade ; highly recommended; terms moderate—Mr,. PowELL. ABRRYSTWYTH (near).—For families and tourists ; fine scenery; bracing air; fi.hlng, etc. ; moderate terms.—Apply JENKINS, Ty mawr Hotel, Taly bout, Glandovr y,

CHESTER.—WHITE BEAR }TuTEL and concert room, Lower Bridge St, best accommodation for visitors. Parties catered for ; gooi beds and livery 5t5b1e5.- 11,!SMITH, proprietor. BLACKPOOL.—CRESCENT PRIVATE ROTEL, The Park, facing sea. Table d'Hote 13 p.m. (small tables). Excellent cuisine. Tel. 117. Telegrams—" Creectnt, Black- pool."—Apply Miss WILSON. Manageress.

LANGOLL4N.—Tynywern Boarding Bstablichment Ex- tensive alterations replete with every comfort,- half mile from town; exhilarating elevAtion ; HOLYHE•D ROAD; fishing, horse, trap; from 289. per week ss. 6d. per day. DOUGLA.B.—OHALMBIL'S YORK BOARDING RSTAB- LISHMBNT, central for all amusements ; first-class table; home comforta,terms strictly moderate; sperial terms for parties.-5, Castle terrace, Promenade, Douglas. 1.0. M.

I 111URCH STRWITON.—HoImwood Boarding House and V APARTNIBICTS. High-class; good T.nnis Court; standing in own grounds; close to noted Golf Links. Tariff, —Apply Mrs. HARRIS, Holmwood, Church Stretton, Salop.

MILBETWOOD.—Bracing and Bestful.—QUßßN'S PRIV- ATR HOTRI4 Restaurant. and Boarding House; opposite Railway Station and Steamers ; home comforts . good catering ; moderate charges ; dinner da11y,11.45 t 02.30 picnic parties catered for ; electric light"; terms from ss. ; week-ends 10s. 6d. C.T.C.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 10 LUDGATE HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. - --- A BRRVBTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most r:omfortable Family Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Boom and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms from 21 guineas per week, or 9s. per day according to Bedroom. Bed, brank- fast and attendance from ss. lable WHote at 6.37, o'clock For TARIFFS An., apply to W. H. PALMER. PROPRIETOR.

itpartnuntllfurnuttb 340u0e5 ett.

DU AI BLIN.—APARTHNTS with or without Board, moder- ate for visitors, central.-21(rs. JOHN SEYMOUR, 58, Beeles street.

DORT BRIN ; Riverdale Flouse.—APAßTilßSTi. near station, shore. and golf links ; terms moderate.— Mrs. T. GALE. LACKPOOL.—tio.nely APART MBNT:4, near Central Station and pier.—Mrs. C. GILLHAMt 45 Livingstone rd, off Hornby rd.

COMFORTABLIR APARTMENTS; one sitting, two bed- rooms (three beds).—Mrs. MORPHET, Main Bt., Dent, Yorkshire.

BLACKPOOL—Comfortable APARTMECNTs near Station; ls. per day or 41. with board.—Apply Mrs. YLTE2I, 28, qwainson it.

BLACKPOOL.—Min KEW HAvr and Mrs. RDOM, 65 Palatine road, Comfortable APARTMENTS. Piano. Terms moderate.

FAUD! HOUSB.—Sitting and bedroom; near moore ; healthy locality ; 4i miles Harrogate.—FALsaAw, North Rigton, Leeds.

BLACKPOOL.—APART3II4ISITI close to sea, stations, amusements ; beds Es.for two ; bo,rd 4s. 6d. day mob PALMER. 93. Albert rd.

OMR FROM HOMR Comfortable APARTMRNTS dose to sea and Station, Terms moderrite.—Miss RICE ; 7. Edward Henry Street. Rhyl.

BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS, public or private; central; near Bea and trams.—Mrs. PALMER, 23. Dale st. From Ardwick. Manchester.

SOUTH PORT.—Comfortable APARTIIHNTS ; good Beds. moderate terms; two minutes' watk from pier.—The Misses ASH WORTH. 35, Bold it.

BLACKPOOL.—OLAREMONT PARK. 180 Warbreck rd. Fine sea view. Well furnished. Three bedrooms, August, September. Terms low.

C-- OLWYN BAY, North WaIes.—APARTMBNTS; sea view; Rood cooking. Terms moderate.—Mrs. fdoknam, Floville. Grove Park, Colwyn Bay.

I[.)LACKPOOL.—?drs. FoGG Glasgon House,Foxball Equare. _LI Homely, Comfortable A.PARThiltliTd, ls. per day. Close to Sea. Private Apartments.

QUPBRIOR APARTMENT, at Farrnboase in healthy and 1.3 bracing country; fine scenery.—Mrs. THoRLEY, House, Dalton, Parbold. near Southport.

VISITORS to London will find clean, country APART- IIHNTS, good bed.; terms moderate; near Angel.- 116, LIVERPOOL RD., Islington. London.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. HARTLEY, Emerald House. 80. ALBERT RD., (late of b 2, Palgttine-road and formerly o Bolton). Apartments public & private.

EA3lSBY.—Hartshill, Mooragh Piomerade.—Superior PRIVATE APARTMENTS; l'oating and bathing from door ; terms moderate.—Mrs. W. WALCH.

FARIdHOUSB APARTMENTS,two sitting, four bedrooms; piano; near station ; high situation, near Ullswater.— Miss WALKER. Newbiggin Hill, Penrith.

QCARBOROUGH.—APARTBIRNTS ; 2 sitting-rooms, 7 bedrooms, bathroom, pianos ; pleasant, healthy situa- tion.—Mrs. SERGEANT, 61, Garfield road.

BLACKPOOL.—Visitors will find Comfortable ACCOIII- MODATIOII at Mrs. FRED ARMITAGE'S, 73 Albert rd., near Central station; good beds, good °coking.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APAHTMONTS, terms moderate. bath, piano, accommodation for Cyclists.— Mrs. RIGG, 25, Keswick road, near Central Station.

Ail. r RIIIOtiIiTHSHIRIi. Farmhouse APART3IENTS, two sitting, five bedrooms. 21 miles from Towyn Station; free fishing ; moderate.—Apply JONES, Glanrafon, rowyn.

I ONDON.—Vieltors will find Comfortable APecril:Mlial'S _LJ at Mrs. EUERBY'S, 80. Downham Road, Klngsland, N. (late of Bradford).Bed, meat breakfast,2e. 6d. Recommended

IVEW BRlGHTON.—kpartmeuts or Board-Residence 11 every convenience; cl)se to station, electric etre, shor e and tower. Terms moderate.-39, GROWN/Wit Rosh. BLACKPOOL. —Comfortable APARTMENTS, public and private ' • bath and piano • trams pass the door; five minutes walk from Talbot-road StatIon.—MARCHSM, 113, New rd.

BLACKPO OL.—PLBASANT home-like APARTNIBNTS, is. per day and night Inclusive Board 41. 6d. per day it required. Bath ; piano; near sea.—Mrs. GREENE. 37, Bgerton rd., North.

1 CARBORO UGH. WEL L-F URNI SHED, Convenient HOUbH, In pleasant part; piano, bath-room. w.e., garden ; on minute from trams.—Apply OCCUPIER, 2, West Park Villas, Scarborough. It NGLESEY, CEMAES BAY, 'Rose Cottage, Furnished /I._ APARTMENTS, June, July, August, and September, three sitting rooms,teven bedrooms, one minute's walk from shore.— Mrs. J. S. RVANS.

QOO LAND: Innellan. Firth of tiIyde.—COMFORTABLII L) APARTMHNTS. with attendance. at [Mundial], beau- tifully situated in extensive grounds and near golf course. Apply Mrs. KAT.

L'o') LANDRINDOD WHLLS, the beauty spot of Centrai 1-4 Wales. Visitors' List, post free, lid. ; Guide, lid post free. Apartments recommended.—ti. GRIFF ITH Caxton House, Llandrindocl Wells.

AXE DlSTRlCT.—Buttermere !FURNISHED COTTAGE Ti TO LEI' by week or month, one sitting-room; two bedrooms (three beds). Terms moderate.—Apply Mrs. B EIGG, Crag House, Buttermere, CoekerKnonth.

MORBOAMBR, W. 13.— Visitors will find comfortable homelly APARTMI3NTB. with or without board, at reasonable terms, with Mrs. JEtotitioss, Stanley House, 26, Clarendon-road; one minute from Pier and Alhambra.

A PARTMIINTS or BOARD, one minute from shore.—Mrs. LI JOE CHALMERS, 3,Nutford Place, Castle Mona Avenue, Douglas, 1.0. M.

CLIOUTHPORT.—Mrs. FOSTER. 8, Wesley Street ; home LY from home ; electric light ; near stations and pier Terme moderate.

DLACKPOOL.—RettabIe APARTMENTS or Board; ex. eellent sea view.—Mrs. JAMES, 12, St. Chad's road Promenade, S.S,

4,2OARBOROUGH . —Comfortab'e APARTMENTS. one 1..7 minute from station; near sea and spa.—Apply, 11, BELLE VUE TERRACE. ST. ANNES-ON-THR-SEA.—Mrs. Loup, 72. St. Andrew's rd., South; Public and Private tiPARTMENTS ; highly recommended.

BLACKPOOL.—kire. GODDARD, 16. LIVINGSTONE RD., (central). Homely APARTMENTS is. per night, with board 4s. 6d. per day inclusive.

PWLLHELL—Comfortable APARTMENTS, one minute- to promenade and beach ; golf and tennis.—Miss C. HUGHES, Lys Madoc, West End.

7til ORISCAMBIL— EiPARTMENTS ; Close to West End ..I.VI Pier, Promenade; bath ; piano; cycle acOOmmodation. —Mrs. SHARPLEEIi 65, Albert Road.

I\TEW BRIGHTON.—MRS. DA.WiON, Egerton Villa, 1.11 Egerton it.. Comfort • ble A.PAR't MENTS, near Ferry, and New Promenade. Terme moderate. HARROGATE.—TO 'LET, SITTING and BEDROOM, with piano ; terms moderate; comfortable ; central.— BIELBY, 15, Regent terrace, Liarrogate. ABRRYSTWYTH.—APMITENT'I, pleasantly situated H near sea and station ; home somforts.—Mrs. LEA (late of Midlands), Binswood, Llanhada,rn ro.

BICKPOOL —Mrs. GE.PRGE H. Coutsots, 1.,, Kirby-rd., neer Manchester Hotel, sea, and new Promenade. APARTMRSTS with or without board.

DLACKPOOL.—Mrs. CRABTREE, 93 Egerton rd.. North Shore, APARTMENTS. Pub!ic or Private with or. without board Piano, every home comfort.

MORBOAMBR, W.B.—Mrs. B. SIMPSON, Hungerford House, 33, Westminster rd.—APAfiTMBNTS and Boarding; bath and piano; nice open view.

QT. ANNIS—ON-4R A.—Comfortable Private APART MRNTS. sitting and two bedrooms ; 3 mine. station terms 401., incluaive.-10, SPRINGFIELD-RD. BLACKPOOL —Superior APARTHRNTS ; home corn- forte ; minute from sea; piano ; terms strictly moder- ate.-1, KIRBY ROAD, near Manchester Hotel.

BLACKPOOL.-CRABTREE'S, 9, Yates street. Dickson Road, North Shore, near sea. Public and Private APARTMENTS. Terms moderate, Home Comforts.

A BERYSTWYTti.—Furnished APARTMENTS, three minutea' walk from lea; terms moderate.—Apply Mrs. HUMPHREYS, 2, Cbalybeate at., Aberystwyth.

A BER lESTWYTH.—Comfortable APARTVIHNTS (pial,o) ll_ half minute from new promenade and castle; moderate terms.—Mrs. PRICE, Seafleld House, Rheidol Terrace.

BLACKPOO L. Comfortable A PART M HNTS ; three minutes walk [tom Central Station and ,ea Near all amusements. Piano.—Mrs. T GIB9ON, 39, Chapel at. PIiNMAHNUAIVR.—APARTMHNTS ; 2 sitting rooms 1 and 4 bedrooms (6 beds) ; 6ea and mountain within easy distance; home comforts—Apply Mrs. T. ROBERTS, Bradford House, Penmaenan.

BLACKPOOL. Well-established 00HPA Y-HOUSE BUSINESS for DISPOSAL; inspection invited.-43, TYLDESLEY RD.

MORBCAMBR.-6plendid GHNHBAL and FANCY DR 4PRHY BUSIN KBB. Prosperous Company House. Furnished Houses. Auctioneer's Business at Kendal.---JoHN HOLLAND, Morecambe.

IlAillatt"ecruSpSßß/iBd3aUnarcrlS wFaOteßr. Doing DISPOSAL goos splendidly e tnrd% y Good home part, Reasons for leaving.—Apply 227, ABWrow blliw ROAD, Beswick, Manchester.

SWHItTS, MINERALS, 10ES.—Best business thorough- fare adjoining sea front; no opposition: handeornsly fitted shop, house accommodation; low rent, taking £l3 weekly; closed Sundays : price only £250; specially so t- able for ladies, only wanti seeing. No agents.—" atENUINfi," I,Z;Peltiam street. Hastings.

TO PARTIES WANTING A SOUND BUSINESS IN LIVERPOOL. RROWN AND CO. 1., ACCOUNTANTS. TRANSFER BUSINESS AGENTS AND VALUERS. BSTABLISHED 1875. WILL BUY, SELL, OR VALUE ANY ()LASS OF BUSINESS, STOCKS. OR MACHINEHY, WILL FIND YOU A PARTNER WITH g 5 - TO £5OOO, _ NO SALE, NO CHARGE. • SOUTH JOHN STR HET, LIVERPOOL.

&baree STOCKS AND SHARES, M. SANDS AND CO., CAMOMILE STREET CHAMBERS, LONDON, '1 C. FORTNIGHTLY ACCOUNTS OPRNED ON FAVOURABLE TERMS.

Altbiral.

WITHOUT STOMACHIC DOSlNG.—Cbronic I{czerna and Ringworm Cured; remedies 13d.-I'. HARRIS, See., 119 Hanover et., Sheffield.

QTRRILITY in women; its causes and curative treatment. CI By a lat. Senior Pbysician to a Hospital for women. Brew Pdition just published post free 31.8 d.—SHELLEY & Co. LTD.,3B, Gracechurcb at., London.

LIXPERIRNORD Male and Female NURSES at a. .1!..1 moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NußaEs Imairtr- TION, Hope House, Slope-street. Liverpool. Telephone MN Royal. Telegraphic Address " Nurses."

HHALTH PILL 9 (non mercurial), cure most human ail- ments, especially Rheumatism. Finest tonic known. Price 2e. Rd., and 65. 3d., per box, post free.—lltlAhm, Sunnymede, Balmoral Rd., Norbre3k, Blackpool.

RTIBUMATOID ARTHRlTlS.—Rheumatlem, Rheumatoid Arthritis and Rheumatic Gout speedily Cured. Mar- vellous new discoveries. Splendid results 1-13Auma- GOULD, Rheumatic I Specialist, Queen swood-road, Moseley, Birmingham. Advice and Testimonials Free.

GOUT, RHEUMATISM. A STOUNDING Discovery at last. An absolute sure for CI. Gout. Rheumatism, and Rheumatic Gout. Gill's (lout and Rheumatic Pills, Is. ltd. per box, post free, and of all leading Chemists.—Send two stamps for free sample to THOMAS GILL & Co.. 4 Duke st., Acielphl, London.

25, CATHERINE iTIIHEIT, 6 Rooms 4s. 31. per week. PENKETH.—GOOD HOUSES WITH GARDENS, 3s. 9d. per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. WARRINGTON.—Large SHOP in principal positions in main streets, Rents £2OO. £l5O. £lOO and £93 a year IVY LODGE.PROGRALL LANE rent £45 a year on lease. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent. No. 1 Bank-stroet War- rington. Telephone—No 65.

rpo LET.—HOUSE and SHOP, Parker st.—Aoply WOODS I AND Sox, Horeemarket at., Warrington.

itFIELD TO LET for Picnic or school parties ; splendid view of country ; close to station ; reasonable terms.— Apply SUMPTER, Elton. near Ice, near Chester.

WALTON-ON-NA ZE.--HOUSE TO LET, 9 rooms, close to Station, overlooking pier, highest point; rent £25, worth £35.--EARKER, 15, Bessborough Gard ene, Westminster.

WARHHOUSR and YARD with Stabling To Let in Bewsey et. (lately occupied by Joseph Woodward, Builder) • also railway arch.—Apply SMETHURST, Old Foundry, 'Werrington.

QhND 15 stamps for Handsome P4ir of Plush Banjos.— 1,/ ANDREWS' 13Azkall, Stapleton road, Bristol. DBTEOTIVES.-- Inquiries, Investigations.—. Consult HAMILTON. 171 High st Kensington. London.

ARTISTIC PRINTING 0.-100 Cards, Memos, Invoices, ls 3d. Samples free.-4, Ma'ham rd., London.

CIAST-OFF-CLO MING. Beginners supplied. Splendid £3 bales, large profits.-BAINE'a Wardrobe Stores ,Scarborough. riIiRMAN Taught Free to those taking our French Course. —MizcaLEY'ri C4,rrespondence College, King's Lynn.

"1r ATRIMONIAL POST." sealed 5d., with circular 9d.; .1.,1 distance immaterial.—SDlTOß, 10, Trafalgar Build- ings, London, W.C.

rr/OT different and unique ways of increasinz your income. 1 Whole or spare time.—Partioulars, P.O. Is. SECRhTARY 1 Bryntirion et., Dowleis.

ii-2(GNS AND LBTTRItS of every description m4de to order 13 by R. R. LATHAM, Glass Decorator and Signmaker, 89, Renshaw et , Liverpool.

f NUSHD BABY LINEN.—AII neces..ary articles for immediate use, ss. 01. paid.—Mrs. TUBNEB, 20 Market square, Tunstall. Staff.

IAKB WALK, Sacred. Dance, romic Sentimental Music, X..) 7 copies, Is. Poet-card for list, I,OOO.—CALVERTON, 41 High it., South. Dunstable.

BARgAIN ! Real Silver Watches.ladies or gents.los. 6d each, warrantod ; key wind or keyless,—JoßNsex & Co., 47, Oxford Rd., ISclmonton.

CIitIOKET bats. 3s. 6d. each; men's all cane, cane and k) rubber, 45. 6d. each ; youth's, 35., 25. 6d. ; stock soiled, unused.-786, OLD KENT RD., LOncl3n.

10AT rod BLOUSH HANGERS, Keep the sboulders in k_.) shape. Three for 5d., six for 94.. twelve for is. 4th Post free.—Miss's Fancy Stores Truro.

_ IVBN AWAY with each catalogue of our pretty Costume Skirts a 2s. copy of music. bend a postmd,,that's all. —MANN it Co., Marst,all'. Mills, Leeds. 11DARCRLS o good, smart left-off Clothing, Frocks, Co., Dunes. Silk and other Blouses, Petticoats, 28.6 d. ss. upwards—WEST. 34, Graveney lid., Tooting. QMOKB GRADY'S DBFBNIAIR TOBACCO" It does not 1,7 burn the tongu,,." Sold everywhere in packets with coupon Wholesale.—GNADY, King at., Wigan. ' RAZORS.—Best hollow-ground, 3s. 6d. each ; pair. In case. 7s. 6d. free. Handsome pocket knife given with every order.-11. ELLIOTT, 58 nest Bank lane. Sheffield. Qs. lid LADIRS'DRICSS LRNGTHS in Voiles Flakes Serge. LA Cashmeres, ke.. from 3/11 per 6 yards. Carriag,e paid Patterns H. MIDDLETON A Do., Dept. N., Bradford. COPYING AND WRlTlNG,—Remunerative Home work. no c.nvassing or outdoor work attached. z-t4mped en- velopelto E. JOYCE, 54, t-omerset St., Cathay. Bristol.

y ARGH assortment of nes and Second-band Leather Suit I_4 Oases, Cabin Trunks, Portrnant«hus, and B4gs to be sold cheap —WENTER, 107 Charing Oross rd., London.

MA .ON.Yr rictl,nf.ttroadeuerteiovne given any Lady otrtaGmepastle- TA HR A man NTeAGENCY. 10 OWL Cris:rid street Bi;mlr4gham.

LIOWL COHN. 7. 6d 10. 6d, 12 61. 2401bs ; Pig Food, 7a 6d 1. and Poultry Meal, Ba. and 10s., per 2001b1.—RocitE 4,ND Co., 15, Goree piazzas Liverpool. %I ention paper.

KlifiP YOUR CHILD'S HID .LKAN and free from Nits with Sandbrook's InNllible Pomade. Post free, ; money returned if not, as stared.-448 KINGSLAID •

'iIGARS.--50 Good 3d. Cigars, 6s post free. 50 Good smaller, 3s. 6d. post I tee. Claikfliii CIES. itb box Virginia Cigarettes about 160, 3s. 4d.—BARTHOLOMEW Clear Importer, Gravesend.

FRlth BOOKIACT for Married People, send stamp for postage Complete Guide for Husband or w ife, each, pJet free.—Wm. CLARICE, 13D Beaconsfield Buildings, Bingfield it., London. N.

BA DING PIAI9O MUSIC made easy by Professor Hans Wagner's system of notation. Send le. tor piece of music and particulars.— INTERNATIONAL MUSIC CO., 7 Bury St., Bloomsbury. Londoa.

B"tITIFUL Rnlargements, life-size, well finished. and ountel ready for framing post free on recPipt of photo and 7s. 6d. —CusupEs FousTER, 88 Heneage it., Grimsby. (Mention paper.) A STROLOGY.—Test Horoscope of Character, Business, CI Marriage, Health. and Changes.—Send birth date, is.. and stamped envelop., ' VENUS (N), 4. Stranton Terrace, Fulwell road, Sunderland. MPROVE YOUR POSITION.—' Rules for Success ' (pam- phlet). P.O le. post free. Rules applicable to every class of situation Will make von earn pounds more.— CRANFIFLD, 24, Trinity at., Cardiff. NfiTTING. N ETTI NG. Rabbit Nets, Football'aoal Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Nets Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description. THOMAS domesom's, Net Warehouse Corporption-street, Manchester.

4‘KLBICIS, 0 " removes Dirt, .rease, Stins, &et. from hands like magic; unlike Pumice Stone or Sand, it leaves the skin smooth, white, an' delicAely p rfumed.— Writ e to-day and send three stamps for a 6d. box from Sevo Co . la, Green Lanes. ..toke Newington N., London

rillo BB 'Ol D.—Farnwortn. near widnes.—The extensive Works, lately used bv the Lancashire MAnure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Lent with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. NoikrsG, 16 Fenwiek-street. Liverpool.

4,-;I_AVIC YOUR HAY AND CI atN,—Dixon's Steel and Iron 1.7 Barns are econo -nical, durAble, quickly erected. storm proof, give protection against fire, can Pe cheaply removed ; save their cost in few years; thousands in use. prims reduced; 3 yearly payments if desired. —lseAc Dixox, Windsor Iron- works, Edge Hill. Liverpool. - - y OOK I You have all helped to pay for them before.— ife Guards' Military K uee Boots, smart appearance. 7s• 6d. per pair; Naval Knee Hoots, very strong, 6s. 6d. per Pair ; Bluchers, ss. 6d. per pair ; any siz. ; carriage paid. Lash returned if not approved of.—HENRY J. GAesosr Government Contractor, Rye.

PRENOII MODEL PATTE.Ifif CUTICING ASSOCI4,TION, 7, Baker it., W.—Dress Curtinc and Making taught rapidly on the special system of the well-known fitter, Madame Astier. Private and cl-iss lessons. L raining class for fitters. Ladies' own material cut and prepared. Patterns sold in stock sizes or to measurements. On fit of mode, patterns supplied to dressrnalers. Prospectus free.

A BOON TO DAILY RAIL WAY TRAVRLLIIRS.—YearIy LI Season Tickets, with which the boiler can travel by any train, or any Railway—may he had for a Reduced Weekly Payment; or for a lee' Monthly or Quarterly Pay• ment than those charled by the Railway Companies. —All information from the MUTUAL SRASIN TICKET AGENCY. 6, Lever street, Manchester.

ioR SALE, PORTABLB qIrFICH on Wheels fitted (leeks, 12 drawers, gas fittings complete. itanhooe gig rubber Tyres all latest improvements. Double, single and tandem Harness, saddles. bridles, night and show head halters, rugs and hoods, zinc mangers, all practically new, also quantity of Disinfectants and Veterinary Medicines.—Appiy RYMER & Co., 16 Brasenose rd.. Bootle.

ClONSBRVATOlHNS,greenhouses,frames, 21 oz greenhouse V) glass, studios, shedsotc. Intending purchasers can ob- tain the best for quality, designs, and cheapness from H. Hoheox, Manufacturer. Tyldesley. List and estimates free. State wants.

J3ARGELINS.—BUSINHSS, TOURING or SPORTING SUIT, made to measure 15s. 9d., warraated all wool, best finish, perfect fit and style guaranteed or money returned; sketch and patterns sent. —CHARLES SEYMOUR, Chapel Walks, Manchester.

IHINA AND EARTHENWARE. Cheapest in the trade Seconds crates from £2. Every assortment China, Gilt Seconds Is. dozen. Hawkers, Marketmen and Shop- keepers should write at once for free Price Lfst,.—NoßMA.Cor ART POTTERY, 11ept• 14, Normacot Works, Longton, Staffs.

S. Carriage paid YOUR PHOTO ENLARGED, end e.) mounted on best plate-sunk mount measuring 201 n., by 16In , and/ finished by the new end beautiful airbrush process (real gems of art) see testimonials Original returned uninjured. Rend photo with postal-note for 5e., to the "CROWN" PROTO-TINLAAGING CO 59, and 61, Kelvinside Avenue. Glasgow. -- MISCELLANEOUS. —Naval Pensioners, Hotel Keepers. &e. Resl Navy Flannel. is. id. per yard ; serge 16.3 d; Blankets, 15s. peir ; patterns free. Al quality silver-plated officers mess goods. Teaspoonr, 9s. per doz. ; Desserts. 125.; Table. 21e. . Dessert Forks, 12e. ; Table. 15e.; Cheese Knives 12s , Table. if. ; sample spoon on receipt 9d- ; list free.— BARRR,Pawnbroker, Queen et., Portsmouth. Betel). 1828.

11415ctlianeou5, on oalts, cit. TOSIAH PHU, successful water finder. Thurlb -- t./ 7, Bourne, Lincolnshire, is a

/11.00 D RAINWATIP, CAKS, all sizes at low prices.— kfi- A ppIyiGILBEHT & JOHN GwEENALT,Ltd. The Distillery. Warrington.

QUIT LENGTHS, marvellous value, Bs. 6d., us:, Is. 6d. &C.; also Trouserings, patterns free.—J. HLRPER woollen Merchant Gledholt, Huddersfield

CREMIST 4 WIDOW will supply her husbands GENUINE RECIPES for agricultural, medicinal, toilet and house- hold purposes, 6d. each.—Address Mn. timmi. 82, Comptou Cresce t, Leeds.

nOPFBIt AND TIM, " VBNIUNTIS brand, Buy from lJ Mincing lane Markets, 71bs pure roasted Coffee sent against P.O. Si, 6d. Tea all qualities. Price list.—Woon, 9, Mincing lane, London

LACB 013 irre INS direct from the maker, 28. 6d., 31. 61.. 48. 6d., a pair, white or e.earn. Two pairs Handsome Bedroom Curtains sent earriure paid for 38. 11d.—THE WAREHOUSE. 9, Market Place, Minefield.

D.SECUItitS Complete PRINTING OUTFIT, or 2 letter e) monogram (self-Inking) boxed; 7d. secure.; 7 year date. Bnergetie sgents wanted. commission good.—RICCAHD 195 Old Christchurch road. Bournemouth,

Witses anb /AO on 'ale.

1530 R SAL% two shops (one shut up. could be made one). J. st,ble, coach-hou.e, loft, splendid house. One best positions Cardiff. —Apply OWNER, 8, Grove Rd, Brixton.

VitIZSHOLD LAND, in many counties, for Cottage, Shop Farm or idansion,Plots from LW each,or £2O per acre good roads.payable by instalments,free deeds. Also Houses, nhops, Bungalows.—Mr. BRAKE, Farnborough, Hants.

T ADY'S high glade BICYCLE free wheel and Bowdon -ILI brake. to be sold cheap.—To be seen at 157. WARGRAVE ROAD, liarlestown.

Gl L H iNT'S RAHIG, Suit youth about 17; good 355. condition ; accessories ; may be inapected.-28, PERcT STREET, Warrington,

ENTS Pneumatic Safety, splendid order. free wheel, VT rim brake. Only 455. Approval.—HOLLOWAY, 268, Portobello rd., London West.

I.4,INIDLESS Wired Cycle Outer Covers, Bankrupt stock, 124 gis. 9d each. tate size. Warranted new goods,—lt. SoPP, 5, Harcourt at., Accrington Burnley.

DON'T BUY CHRAP CYOLBS. BUY CYOLBS CHRAP T offer you New Revolution Cycles, Mic rometer free-wheel, X 2 Crabbe rim—brakes, Clipper tyres, Perry chain, best work and finish throughout, fully guaranteed for Two Years, listed 8. cash price nett, si guineas, to clear off this season's stock at the greatly reduced price of £5 17s. Bd, Better Value has never been offered. Approval willlngl3. PEARCY, ALBBRT ST., RUGBY.

Aftarbniern, etc. _ OSAL% large quantity of girders, go3d bins slates Timber, saylignts. coping, etc., now at St. Helen, Cheap for quick sale,—Apply JOSEPH CORP Limited,Canters- bury-street, Blackburn. Tel. 303.

pATENT OF FIC H. MANCHESTER 88TABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DA.VIES & SON have ba-t more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment and possess practical knowledge of the cottontwooller and iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d, 'Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. 9EORGE DAVIES, C.E., /t SON, P.1.P.A., M.S.A 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod, 13 Grierson and Co.), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade, In addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, Pr'iey and Tooth Block Patterns ac., Lelooglng to the late Henry Wren and Co., London•road Iron Works, Manchester, ane, are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and i kirds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and eulley Patterns on application. N.T„ No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address: " Ormerod Grierson. Manchester."

THE EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISEgENTS APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET liol/SES TOCBE BOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEoLIB WANTS ARTICLES Forum MiscELLANEOUB BALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 64

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS UNEQTJALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER DR. SCOTT'S PILLS COMPLAINTS, HEADACHE, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR.. SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SCOTT'S PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices ls..lid. and 2s. 9d.

ASK YOUR BAKER FOR "VEDA" BREAD, THE MOST DIGESTIBLE. DELICIOUS AND NUTRITIOUS. EVERY LOAF IN A SEALED WRAPPER. AGENTS J. 10FT AND SON, 98, BRIDGE STREET. WARRINGTON.

MCDO WELLS, LIMITED, MASKERY'S COACH WORKS. WARRINGTON AND NORTH W ICH. All kinds of CARRIAGES in *hock, or Built to Orier. REPAIRS and RENOVATIONS carried out. EXPEDITIOUSLY, ECONOMICALLY, SATISFACToRILY. PATENT NEW CONSTRUCTION BROUGH AM, VERY LIGHT AND STRONG. Every description of MOTOR CAR BODY to order. ESTIMATES AND TESTIMONIALS AP.LICsTION. Talephone 409 x, Warrington.

HARGRAVES TOBACCOS. ) )STAB. HARGRAVES' CIGARS 70 YEARS. HARGIRAVES' CIGARETTES./ MANUFACTORY: SWAN-STRIIRT. MANCEIRSTIIR.

2/6 PER QUART SCOTCH. AND IRISH WHISKEY ALSO 12 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 118, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON 131103, WINS MERCHANTS, 20, ReaSSIIA ritEt4:lo, LIVIPOOL, (2 Minutes from Oaura'al and Lima Stzeot Stations.)

Goddard's- Powder for Cleaning SilverElectroPlaiek olci everywhere if: 2/6 & 4k).

. _ „.„„0.1.,,...., . rai 0 li: * '7, , , • ' . ' I#4l ' r::'% ' e...._ ,- . ~,, 5.,.1 t,„. a- -,..,.. •r e , 1 V4:r .fb ila i;- ,C 'CR. ''' .4. )",. •-, ° .., -:( ',-- ' 0 • .c. ,441....;,A‘ , , -.. . r,,, 1 -,...-.A. ‘..-, 1,1: • --, .. - :, ,' I% , e,co.---- . ~..„ , . Kr- , ts, , —.• milii...."--- /) . ' - The finest Messina Lemons • 1 IP* .- are used in the manufacture of Eiffel '‘ Tower Lemonade. You can neither ..kt. t\ w. ,„0( ...= , • it,..,',/, ' i - make nor buy another beverage that ~..' tastes so good or quenches thirst so well. . , ' A 4:id. BOTTLE MAKES 2 GALLONS OF HOME-MADE ---_—_- • ,-! - .. .7-_,- ~., • 4 i '::,- . •,;4 42* s*,. '.. A., _ i ~. ••••-- ..„. -,.„. x. ~..., ~, ••... ..-7...- I ~ , , • r ,'" , •.,• :.- t. • : . .

INDIGESTION CREATES DISEASE IN MANY FORMS. St IVlrs. Catherine Cassidy, 34, Diamond reet, Wallsend, near Newcastle, :ight frote on February 12, 1904: "Some t years ago I sent you a testimonial le merits of Mother Seigel's Syrup, 1:;"leh cured me of dropsy. 'Three hattles of the medicine cured me ; I 417 e had good health ever.since." MOTHER sEIGELis SYRUP RG,eorge Robinson, of Rawcliffe, efe'Cl-, Yorks., says: "I was laid up ven weeks with acute dyspepsia u the diseases that are part and ~,,areel of it. That was fifteen years atra* I tried Mother Seigel's Syrup, h in a few weeks I was in sound _ealth. I am now, February 25, 1,904, 44 Wen as a man could wish to be.' WILL CURE IT. 1/14 & 2/6 per Bottle.

ONE £l2 12 NET GRADE ONLY.. • OR £1 1 0 THE BEST. pREMIER MONTHLY ILLUSTRATED JD cyCLEs PREMIER BOOKLET CYCLE CO. Ld. WITH HELICAL TUBING, POST FREE. COVENTRY.

Agent :—J. S. GARLAND,BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

JEWsBuRy & BROWN'S (MANCHESTER) Mineral Waters. BY APPOINTMENT OF El I\ G EL WAI I VII

.„. .. 12 0 r •,:;*„...,,.. ,-,...,,tcw,„1.,..,.. ,ii.; .....,..,..,„7...,.....,,,,....1.: .......„36.„. ... . ;..„..., ‘;,. ?., is t.,- -,, -.. c .., , ': . em. -,. 'ct ,: 4- ,`'Z' • ..., ' 2 %2 - 4'...4fa. , ''''''`'' ,-, • • I ^4l,s, 44-‘,. k- • i -7e•-• 4 , • ."--9-.P. ,i (r""--n...""ik '...:---"--' relg iT..9 • i-....--re-12''.1 _ .. `l,•;:••ararb..../..L.--.....,-,...-, . --,--- 1 __...... .------.. —••-z..„, ...„......----- ._=_ ."--5-N _____ ........ t w: ...pa'.... , 4....4,4.-..,;.,,,5,•••4. .. -i. • . 4,-.• • ..;, e „, _...4, .7,0,,, v,..4 ~, ~,e; .7: . . : E , 0:. _ ...:ts, Tr 11:p , 4k • , -0 'S US A , .._ . .,. ~ -,,.. ‘,, /411 Tik: -- ~,iiik-, ...„...,.,-...-...,, ...%.,...4,- . ....AN.,,,,X•`-,., ••4;.:v5,,......"4-......,-.0,A., - - ...,..-....• -. , - -.'.. • •:. • .•• :•,. c• "', •• , Universal Cookery GOLD Royal Albert Hall, & Food Exhibition, MEDAL April, 1904. lakCe3o-0-Clab eiVaMeth %teX112,3,0 DR. ANDREW WILSON. HIGHEST AWARD. "Cambridge Lemonade is well known to "After a series of careful tests, the Jurors me, and I can thoroughly recommend it as a tiwarde9c.ld the GI Mel to t.Cambrit.:.,, most agreeable beverage. It is prepared from l'e Extlaigtion, swl?ieh isUrndeer Ilse di.l4l.ll3gutia ste.:i selected Lemons, and contains no added acid. patronage of KM. the King."— Cambridge Lemonade cannot be surpassed." April 30, 1904. Grocers' Journal. 1;d. per Bottle, sufficient to make 2 Gallons. CHIVERS & SONS, Ltd., HISTON, CAMBRIDGE. FIRST ENGLISH FRUIT GROWERS' JAM FACTORI .

spect the spot from which the nuisance originated and I ENGLISHMEN IN _TROUBLE. then wait upon the District Council to speak to them honsands of Bnglishmenisre in pain and trouble every on the matter. day thtough Backache, Lumbago. Gravel, Kidney Di- carried Mr. Taylor 3esonded the proposition and it was geese. Dropsy, Wind, Water Complaints. All these . Messrs. Furness and Jefferson were selected as the will find a positive care in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. deputation. Money returned if not satisfied. Is lid, all chemists. THE COUNTY RATE BASIS. Post. free 12 stamps —HoLDRorD'S, Medical Hall, The Clerk reported upon the county rate basis, and Cleckbeaton, Yorks. stated that he attended before the committee at Liver- poal with reference to the assessment of the parish. It was there resolved that the new gross assessment should be £12,790, being an increase of £460 on the valuation at present in their books. One item of interest was that the schools had been put tp on the valuation from £8 10s. to £l4. Previously the county had only paid on that £8 10s., but now the Rate Committee had raised the amount they would require to be paid on the extra figure. He might explain that the increase in the valuation of the district was generally put down at half what it was estimated would be the extra value in the next fouror five years. Thus,if it was thought that £4OO worth of property, etc., would be built in that time they would put the assessment up £2OO. Since the last valuation in 1899 the parish had increased in value by £2,000, so that although they could not expect the parish to go on at anything like that rate, the commit- tee had not put very much on them. What the Council had to Consider was whether they would appeal against the amount put on them if they thought it too much. He might add that Mr. Dodds was a member of the committee and complimented him upon the moderate assessment the committee had put on. It was decided to take no steps in the matter, the amount being con- sidered reasonabl,. SCHOOL MANAGERS. The Clerk reported that he had received a letter from Mr. Clarke, the clerk to the District Education Authority, stating that the names submitted by the Parish counAl had been approved, with the exception that Mr. J. Fulton Smith was appointed one of the school managers instead of Mr. Furness. The Chairman said he regretted Mr. Furness's name had been taken off the list. Mr. Higgs : We can do nothing in the matter. We only had to suggest names. The Clerk: That is so. This was all the business of public interest. SUICIDE WITH A BANKING ACCOUNT OF £400,000. Miss Bertha Dolbeer, who jumped from an upper window of the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel in New York, on July 8, leaves by her Will nearly £400,000 to her cousin, Miss Warren. Miss Warren, who had been deceased's companion for some years, was the only witness of the suicide. NO TIP FOR THE WAITER. The other day, after dining at a restaurant in the Strand, a gentleman from New York paid his bill, and was about to leave, When he was arrested by a signifi- cant cough from the attendant menial. "That does not include the waiter, sir," he said. " Ah," said the man after a moment's thought, " but I didn't eat the waiter !" How IS IT THAT "CLARKS'S BLOOD IVIIxTURE has obtained such great popularity "is a question which bast perpiewed many. The answer is. that it is unquestionably the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill has brought to Mgt*. Thousands of wonderful cures have been effected by it. For Scrofula. Scurvy, Houma, Skin, and Blood Diaftwea. Hod Legs, Pimples and Sores of all hinds. the effsOes marveHous. Sold everywhere at as 9d per bottle swage of warkhices imitations and substitutes.—Advt. 2. CLARICIeS B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in eithe sex, all acquired or constitutional discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel fond Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Hstablished upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4., 6d each, of all chemists aud Patent Mediline Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln.— Advt. FLORILINE I—FOR THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, bards It the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay. and gives to t h teeth a peculiar pearly 'whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 28. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar for the Floriline " Powder," of all chemists and Perfumers,— Advt. VALUABLE IDIECovERY TcR THE HAIE.—If your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR HENEwxs, for it will positively restore, in every ease, grey or white hair to its original colour. It make. the hair charmingly beautiful, as well aal promoting the kirawtn, Price 31. ..-;.er bottle. To tioTHERS. WINSLOW's Soothing dyrup nas oeen used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their 0611- oren while teething.with perfect success. It will relieve the roor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and rodtwes natural quiea sleep, by relieving the child from tam n and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." all Chemists is. ltd per bottle.—Advt

MAKE SKIN as SOFT as / VELVET ~ • R CTIIOVPS all ' ROUGHNESS, REDNESS, HEAT, AO' IRRITATION, TANtand KEEPS THE SKIN SOFT, SMOOTH, and WHITE ALL THE YEAR ROUND. Deli9htfull9 COOLINC REFRESHING , durln.9 the summer Bottles, 1/9. and 2/6 each M. BEET HAM Se SON, Cheltenham.

• TOWL E S _ - 70 BE HAD OF ALL CHEMISTS IN BOXES //I:, 2/.9, 0R440R SEVT ANYWHERE ON RECEIPT OF /5330 R STAMPS BY EITOWLE& C.: 64.710 NC ROW NOTTMCHAM

ek'N 4 A. %, : - --,,,, Used Successfully 34 Years. For Eczema, Burns, Scalds. Ring- worms, Wounds, Sores, aud Skin IR A DE. till MAR 4, Eruptions of every kind. IT WILL CURE YOU. OINTMENT - Prices 7id., lai, and 2/9. ',seri i Tr '10) ::, 1 Sold by all Chemists, or post free from Ei EAP V• 100 0, E. B. WHITEHOUSE. .41VICh Z 93 BEARWOOD RD., SMETHWICK.

PEEK, FREAN & CO.'S "-VANESSA "=,(Regd.) BISCUITS.

v%"ts "44 r Ittk • ge, :trio • .‘"t4WoRcESTER

Ihe Incorporated Thames Nautical Training College H.M.S. "WORCESTER." Off Greenhithe, Kent. :clucates Boys for Officers Ito the Merchant Service. Naval Cadetships granted annually and appointments to R.N.R. pply W. M. BULLIVANT. Hon. Sec qa. Mark Lane, London. E.C.

'BLAIR'S, GOUT ANDi RHEUMATIC' _,PILLI.I A LOTION MAY TEMPORARILY SOOTHE,BUT A BLAIR's GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILL goes to the root of the ngschief, and is really the only true remedy for • Gout, Rheumatism, Sciatica, and Lumbago. All Chemists and Stores at Is. lid. and 2s.9(l.per box.

J' WATCHES AND :I' i' LONG GOLD CHAINS mi,, FOR LADIES .. ~, IP, . ~ . GOLD fl ,e/7. ' ---- -_-_-_ • '.': ~----.--:,"- - '.- 1' 0 1,;;;)t,'43•V:... '''-* WATCH-. ,.• .t• I ii.fr 7( (04;?) -,,1 dn.,,,....tr,,,,,,,,,,,,..„4.. ;.,•`,N., :3-. 11,'0 ?,-, 1 .I'r.lc77'''''r.'46-'%'"41..177f;' ;'' in case ~ P-. la :-.=--; to 11, 1.. ~,4. Irr 'a :i •-, ~ ftellik. .4,' .• , • .-,..---../ t, 1 1 ,4'(t- 76 1., • z2-4,,;114,'`ti,, i.,, complete ';\ -. . ..--1,,Q '",,„-f.4.t-,---", 4 y 4v, ", ,) „5 • N.,, , , -•_•,••••„,-._ , front4,,' . i 0 1 , 0 ' ' ''. -' - ,-- . • MlO. - Ladies' Lever Watch in 18-et. ; F. .=c3 Gold Cases, Gilt Dial. C. 5. , 0 ib elf) 'A' Ladies' Lever Watch in 18-et. i* F. 5 Gold Hunting, or Half Hunting -..... .1 Cases. El . 10s. MANY OTHER DESIGNS .:5 TO ..£5O. !..!, Ir. 4110 , ' ,c, ( • ---- ----:) t '-i-A` •••' t,./.:FVY 04..._1 Ir.,______,:l,i!:lPU!"":l .1,14 (:-DijsTfleiltli.,,, 7 er'f'it`.V er"(A46' - '•;....m...,P' - .... 0., 0.) 1 7 -E3 Ruby c .. ..r Saprbire Brilliants, £l5. Sapphires, or Rubies, tba' 112, ' r.a and Brlliants, . 22.10. and Brilliants, Z 6 , • W.) *. Can he parchaseo on. " Cbe attics " System of t $.t...7.) moNTHLY PAYMENTS at the same prices as for Cash. gri V (c.L57-72,L.47- ,1/4 .... cw„.....___..,......; _..,, Single-stone Brilliant, Rubies, or Diamond Rings, Brilliants, Pearls, £1 . 55- Sapphires, £2 .15s. from £2 . ss. £l2. ILLUSTRATED BOOK of Watches, Clocks, Chains, Rings, Brooches, Bracelets, "Imperial" Plate, Cutlery, Bags, Suit Cases, &c. Sent Post Free. J. .',-i.i. BENSON, Ltd., _ The Premier Watchmakers. FSatcetaormy : 62 & 645 LUDGATE HILL, LONDON.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S PILLS A RECORD CURE! 32, Archer-street, Bayswater, London, W. Dear Sir,—Sunday night my big toe pained me, on Monday it was much worse and in the evening I could scarcely walk. At 6 p.m. fsent for a bottle of your Gout Pills, and took two at once. At 9.30 I was much relieved, and could eat my supper. I took another before going to bed, and although so hot I got a fair night's rest. I have takentwo more pills to-day, and now, at 6.30, lam alright again. This is a record cure. Yours truly, PHILTP BRANS. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT & R

• • • %Is z 1111111•111111111111101111111101110111111=0 1111111.1.11111.1.11.1111111111.21=MMEN PITTh'S GREAT STOCKTAKING SALN • NOV 9 ON. rilliA# 1 pITTS'S 110LISES OF FITEMITURE at .1.5.}. a -.7} t 221, 381, EO, 7b, 100, 200, up to 3,301 guineas -,PICCIALLY AUGbiIiNTAD in QUALITY and 11,117.,... A • v L- 'f;.ll.lli-r--0:i QUANTITY of articles for this Sale, far SURPASS _ imam.others. Full particulars and PITTb'S FURNISHING- - - titIII)K, containing 809 artistic designs, priced, Post Free. Cash quotations only. Easy Payments 10 per cut extra.

" I s,kr FIDL 7.; .7A• e • 4... • '

V - AID Alai

NO FIRM IN THE KINGDOM CAN BEAT tl3 FOR QUALITY AT OUR LOW PRIORS. PITTS'S, MANOKR3TRR.

• 'K EAT I. N C, S • .PO W D E R: . : BUGS U :41:11_,•::-.4*. !9. FLE ' ••-„Ne Z' MOTHS - r • • -4:. Er.~*.41:1•:,t.: • - at; • ,s. B 3 IL %-r• • :- • _ • ' Tins, 3d. 6d. & 1/.

:31 ro,Dis rD !rip Cuser,A POWDBEL Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Custard is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO ECUS ! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

JOHN WALKER & CO. B EWSEF STREF‘ . WARRINGTOY IRCULtAyRpeS nndtohte t hne ettets wt QPECIAL facilities rAiRWIIRTKISNG all kinds of , 0 otarktymlaellslirpom moder E XAMINER PRINTING WORKS
