===== 0002601_19040227_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
club Mr. ebate 1 for 7aeti-

===== 0002601_19040227_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
)e. at to 4 rday can

)rjo, unie oad,

===== 0002601_19040227_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
.AAN■

BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY. FOUNDED MIRCH 7nr, 1804. (WARRINGTON AUXILIARY). CEN'TENARY SERVICES AN MEETING. CENTENARY SUNDAY, MARCH 6TH, 1934. SERVICES :-

HOLY TRINITY In-10.—Ven. Archdeacon Madden (Liverpool) 6-30,—Rev. B. C. B. Carleton, M.A. ST. PAUL'S 6-30,—Rev. W. Bracecamp

ST. ANN'S 10-30,—Rev. J. Davies 2-30,--(Young People) Rev, J. Davies 6-30,—Rev. D. Kerrin ST. PRIER'S 11-30,- Rev. D. R. James 6-30,—Rev. R. Percival ST. JAMBS', LATCHFORD 10-30. 6-30,--H. P. Firth, M.A. CHRIST CHURCH LATCHFORD. 10.30, 6.3o.—Rev. G. C. Briggs, M.A. GREAT SANKEY 10-30. 6-30,—Rev. J. R., Jones BOLD-STREET (WE9LEYAN) 10-30,—Rev. R. Wilkins Rees ' 6-30.—Rev. G. H. Caruson BEWSBY-ROAD (WPSLEYAN) 10-50,—Rev. W. 0. J. Neville 6-30.—Rev. R. Wilkins Rees SANKEY BRIDGES (WESLEYAN) 10-30,—Mr, T. Prince 6-C, —Mr. A. Perkins LATCHFORD (WESLEYAN) 10-30.—Rev. J. Gunnell 6-30,—Mr. P. Stringer PENKETH (WESLEYAN) 10-30.—Rev. G. IL Carmen 6-0 ,—Rev. J. Gunnell PADGATH (WEILEYAN)' 10-30,—Mr. C. Yose 6-0 .—Rev. W. C. J. Neville WYCLIFFE CHURCH 10-30, 6-30,—Rev. 3, Yonge CAIRO-STREET 10-45, 6-30,—Rev. C. Harvey Cook ST. JOHN'S WINWICK-STHRET 10-30. 6-30.—Ret. J. D. Milne, 8.D., GOLBORNE-sTRHET 10-45, 6-30,—Rev. Herbert Dunnico LATCHFORD WASH-LANE 1,930, 6-o,—Rev. J. F. Matthews HILL CLIFF'S 10-30, 2-30, 6-o,—Rev. J. S. Hughes LEGH-STREET 10 30, 6-30.-11ev. J. Gariham Reed. N 33, Offertories at most or all services will be made special for the Centenary Fund. GRAND CENTENARY MEETING TN THE PARR HALL MONDAY, MARCH 21. 1904. CHAIRMAN; JOHN FAIROLOUGH Esq., J.P. SPEAKERS: The LORD BISHOP of Liverpool, REV. JOHN WATSON, D.D., of Liverpool (lan Maclaren) and local clergy, Ministers and others.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
23 Linen Drapery '24 Margarine 25 Marmalade & Preserves 26 Mineral Waters 27 Men's & Boys' Suits 23 Necessaries 29 01ls and Warr 30 Paints 31 Paint Brushes 32 Provisions 33 Provender 34 Smaltwares 35 Soap and Soda 36 Socks and Stockings 37 Tobacco and Snuff 38 Tinned Beef and Milk 39 Timber 40 Tea 41 Tinware 42 Tuning & Repairing Pianos 43 woollen Drapery 44 Wines and Spirits 45 Swede Turnips. forms, which can be obtained

TRADE PRINTING of every description.

May be Inspected and Estlmates obtained at the 0 ffice , EXAMINER OFFICE,

EXTERNAL TREATMENT.-SAFE AND CERfAIN.

VITA-LEO

" A: MARVELLOUS REMEDY."

CONQUERS -.l3f:in,- Sickness, and Suffering. Restores and Preserves Health. Prolongs Life. VITA-LEO OINTMENT

CURBS Ulcers, Sores, wounds, Eczema, and other Skin Diseases, Bad Lege, Blood PoiFon, Piles, Fistula, &c. VITA-LEO REMEDIES

place within the reach of the poor a power over disease unequalled by anything else that wealth can purchase. POST FREE : VITA-LEO is. 3d., is. 9d., and 2s. 9d; OINTMENT, 7d. and is. id. Direct from Manufacturers, IaSSARD AND CO. IEO GREAT BhITAIN STREET. DUBLIN.

Pamphl;l'-on—‘7Disease, Cause, Prevention and Cure" free.

PLEASE MENTION THIS PIPER.

DDREFS or VISITING CARDS Printed from ii plate or type. JOHN WALKER AND CO. WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19040227_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
iflottrp

MONEY LENT DAILY FROM £3 TO £5OO, To Shopkeepers, Farmers, Market laardeaers, Hotel Keepers, Tradesmen, and to all' responsible Householders worthy of credit (male or female), upon borrower's Note of Hand alone, with or without sureties, Amount borrowed and Interest combined cart be renaid as follows : . _

£3, Note of Han-d,-1../3.;r;;;1L.----iis Note of Hand, 5/- week £5. „ 2/- „ £5O ~ 10/- „ £lO, „ , 3/- .. £lO3 ~20/- Larger amounts in proportion. Monthly or Qoarterly Pay- ments taken ; other terms can be arranged. Capital can remain at interest only. Interest lower than any other lender In the district. All transactions strictly private, and straightforward business dealings guaranteed, No bona-fide application refused. Distance no objeet. No publicity. No delay. Prompt attention to all inquiries, either personally or by letter, absolutely free of charge. Intending borrowers should write or call for terms of application, and compare our terms. Apply to any of the following addresses : MUTUAL ADVANCE AND INVESTMENT SOCIETY, 82, MILL-STREET, CREWE ; 19. QUEEN-STREET, WREXHAM; and 31, CHEETHAM HILL-ROAD, MAN- CHESTER. Registe ed Offices

JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountlnqs ot all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold ,hain..

.iirerally Seleafecr atiacx Of ',tn.:, BROOCHES. BRACELETS. &c. GOLD and SILVER WATCRES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to snit all pockets.

Ai'LAINE'S RICHMOND FREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
Abiten

ONEY ! MONEY ! ! MONEY ! !! £5 TO £lOOO, LI To each and everyone a hearty invitation is offerel before going elsewhere to call or write to mg In con- fidence and canvince yourself that mine is the lowest interest and lowest rate of repayment In Ragland. The entire charge £5 to repay £5 6s. Od. £lO to repay £l2 Os. Od. £2O „ „ £24 Os. Od. £4O „•£43 Os. al. Larger sums proportionately. No boua-llie application refused, For honourable and straightforward dealing apply at once to J.JHNNINGS Manager(prirate house),9,ICADE ST.. WARRINGTON. Na delay. Strictest privacy whether business clone or not. Cash defiveren on day of application. Distance no object.

UN I 0 N CREDIT BANK, LI‘IITED Estat.iished 1838. Registered Capital, £llO,OOO. HEAD OFFICE: 38, RENSHLw-STREET. LIVERPOOL. Advances made from £5 to £5,000 upon personal security. Deeds, Shares, Policies,Reversions. Annuities. Scc. £lO Repayable ss. weekly. Entire interest...£9 14s. 9d. £5O „ 20s. ~„ £3 8. Od. ~ £lOO „ 408. „ ~ 11 £6 15s. (Id. Other sums proportionately. Bills discounted. Also ad- vances for fixed periods. SHARES bought and sold for customers—Further particulars on applicition, personally or by letter. Tel. 2438 Royal (Liverpool). RICHARD DAVIES, Manager.

VRONI £3 AND UPWARDS. DONT FAIL TO A: GIVE ITS A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable is 6d weekly £2O repayable 7s 64 weekly. „ 23 Od „ £53 „ 17s 6d £lO „ 3e 64 ~ £lO3 For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply in con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO.. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGERESS, Miss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. HOURS, 9 am to 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTE \WED TO.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. fiiDVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. title Householders, on their own lecurity, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay to.ick. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS, EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN R. GOOD WIN. .B.—Establishad at this Addmss Twenty Yoars.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from Rl3 to £l.OOO. ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. ID AR TI E wishing for temporary CASH ADVANORS should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD— ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING, OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROWER. THE ABSENCE OF ALL FEES. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED, AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED IN ANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative mill call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions at their own homes or places of business. My fair dealirg and reasonable charges are widely known, and my reputation stands unrivalled.

LOANS GRANTED DAILY, ANY DISTANCE,IFROM T 0 Xl4OOO FOR ANY IMMEDIATE WANT, 8U81N,19 OR PRIVATE, also for purchasing or starting new business, on simple promissory note. No fines. All applications immediately attended to. Apply fn confid- ence, personally or by letter, to THE STANDARD LOAN 00., 4, PARKER STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL TERMS TO FARMERS. HEAD OFFICE: 9, CORPORATION ST., MANCHESTER.

£lO, £l5, £2O, £25, £SO.—ADVANCES MADE to ALL PERSONS WORTHY of CREDIT. on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL THIOI3 FOR SHORT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit math by our Manager on same thy of application who will grant you the money AT ONCE if satisfactory, NOTE:

THE BRADFORD ADVANCE CU., 691 HAYDOCK SrREET NEAR THE MARKEr PLACE EARLESTOWI.7.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
SEMI

===== 0002601_19040227_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
_ CAI3O-STREET CHAPEL. and evening oongrega-ti-on. Morning songregations were, as a rule, composed of people who had had the advantages a education, and very often they thought Annual Sermons and Congregatioaal aft omnsucwhigh Paye matigsettrotthoimins:Vta gTrell'etae:; Tea Meeting. the minister could not expect the same submissive human sympathy from a morning congregation that he would find in an evening one. With that difference he There were large congregations at Cairo-street (Mr. Monks) did not know but what a morning congre- Unitarian Chapel on Sunday when the annual sermons I gation was quite as much in sympathy with the were preached by the pastor, the Rev. Charles Harvey I minister as that at the evening service. Cook. Local Unitarians are justly proud of the history I Mr. T. BIRCHALL said that when they thought of the of the chapel, and at the morning service Mr. Cook men who had done their duty at Cairo-street so nobly dwelt upon the early days of the denomination in in the past, it gave them courage to go on. The grand- Warrington. It is now 232 years since King Charles eat thing in all his life was his connection with , that grante4 a licence, allowing Unitarians to worship inthe chapel, and he hoped it might be so with them (his old Court House in this town, and Mr. Cook's discourse hearers). He appealed to the young men to work en- was based upon that document which is still preserved. thusiastically. Their gospel was one that people needed The congregational tea meeting was held in the but unless they showed themselves faithful and in schoolroom on Monday evening,the attendance number- earnest, tke people would never accept it. jag over 200. A meeting followed,Mr. J. Rymer Young An enjoyable ;musical programme was submitted by presiding. There were else present on the platform the Miss Edith Birchen, Mr. Whitehouse, and Mr. Harry Rev. C. Harvey Cook, Messrs. F. Monks, F. W. Monks, I Bennett. The aCcompanists were Miss Birchen, Mrs. T. Birchall, C. A. Pemberton, and J. Hill. I Whitehouse and Miss Pemberton. The CHAIRMAN said the past year had been a some- I A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the chairman what eventful one in their history. It had been a year and artistes. of going out and coming in. There was the time when ' they had not one at their head to guide the affairs of the chapel. During that interregnum things became a little lax, and energy flagged, when they had no con- spicuous example to foster it. Necessarily a state of slacluiess supervened, which resulted in the chapel and its various institutions suffering. Still everything was now improving in a most satisfactory manner. He (the speaker) was full of hope as to the future of that con gregation. In oonolusion, Mr. Young said there was- one question he would like to bring before them, and that was the abominable noise they had to submit to in Cairo-street during the service. They were aware that near many places of worship in Warrington the roads were paved with wood much to the benefit and comfort of the congregation. (Hear,hear.) He hoped the com- mittee would see its way clear to approach the Town Council with a view to having Cairo-street paved with wood. (Applause.) On the motion of Mr. F. W. MONKS, seconded by Mr. KNOWLES it was decided to use the Essex Hall Hymnal at the Sunday services, and the committee was authorized to purchase the requisite number. Mr.PEMßEßTON,superintendent of the Sunday school reported that the number of scholars on. the books up to the 27th September last, was 119 girls and 131 boys, making a total of 250 scholars. Although the school suffered in the early part of the year when the pastorate was vacant, it was now in a flourishing state. The debating society formed last year,had been attendedwith success and had proved a means of bringing members of the congregation into closer touch with the school. In Mr. Cook they had a very good minister,who entered very actively into the work of the school and had infused new life into the various organizations. He had now passed the stage of a new minister and was looked upon as an old friend by most of the members of the church. (Applause.) The REV. C. HARVEY COOK said he wished first of all to tender his sincere thanks and appreciation to all the workers who carried forward so earnestly, and with such deep interest, the various organizations of the church. He also thanked the congregation for its larger attendance at both the morning and evening services. Hedid not look upon that as a tribute to the power of his preaching orhis way of conducting the services, but he took it that the congregations attended because they found the services helpful,giving them the peace of God which fell like a benediction, as one sometimes felt the peace steal into one's heart, on wandering by the calm sea shore. They had been four months together; they had had four months of each other, four months he might thiy on behalf of himself, and his wife and children, of delight, fonr months of mutual discovery and four months which he fervently hoped might be a presage of all the future. (Applause.) The tacit understanding which was con- tained in the ,sking by a Church of a minister to accept its pastorate was that the congregation would attend public worship. Without fulsomeness or adulation he oould say that the members of that church did attend public worship. He wished, however, that a few more could find it convenient to come on Sunday mornings. In conclusion he said the superintendent's hands would be'strengthened considerably in the work of the school if two additional teachers could be obtained. Mr. F. MONKS addressed the gathering. In regard to attendance at chapel on Sunday morning it depended more upon the will than upon anything else. If young people wonld attend the service he was quite certain they could do it without any inconvenience, and with very much profit to themselves. Cairo-street congrega- tion had shown a great deal of sympathy and consideration to all its ministers. Mr. Cook would find that they recognized his right to his own opinions, and he could express them with the utmost freedom. They did, however, expect their minister to give them the best and highest thought he possessed. There always had been a difference between a morning

===== 0002601_19040227_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR D jr CAKES McDOUGALL'S Patent SELF-RAISING FLOUR_ The Exaimiiil ...cbbuitActy, February 27 1904.

(Cw)yright.)

"Look, Margit! " exclaimed Erica, her merry mood contrasting strangely with my own 'sober one. "Look what Mr. Thorne has given me! Did you ever look upon such lovely flowers? I saw them almost before I saw him, and he knows that he could not have brought me a more pleasing gift than he has done, for I couldn't wait until he offered it to me before I seized my treasures. I shall put the best of them in my herbarium, and there I shall always be able to look at them." "Mr. Thorne is very kind, I am sure," I said coldly, offering him a limp hand to shake. "How do you do, Mr. Thorne? Allow me to congratu- l-te you upon the success of your gardener's skill. Ally poor efforts can never hope to produce any such blooms as you have at command." Only fancy me trying to ape the stiff, artificial 'snguage of a woman of the world! Our visitor might well look astonished at seeing me assume a role for which I was so radically unfitted. But the momentary glance which I levelled at his face revealed something else to me. For the first time since I had known him, I saw Mr. Thorne's face disfigured by anger; but I could hardly, after the recent bitter lesson I had had, be vain enough to suppose that my coldness was responsible for his annoyance, and, in any case, Erica's smiles would soon restore his good humour. Indeed, I soon began to think that he could not have been very angry after all, and the winsome couple were so merry during the rest of the evening that not a shadow of doubt remained.

How happy they looked! And how handsome he was! Handsome enough even for my beautiful sister, whom I at last was compelled to regard as a woman, not as the child she had hitherto seemed to be.

Even Aunt Elspeth noticed how devoted they were to each other, and she bent over to whisper to me how she was that dear Erica was likely to have such a suitable husband. After this the whole world became grey for me, and the &apses of gold have been few and far between until lately. But time passed swiftly for 7.lrica, and there came a day when all the village was gay with the news of her forthcoming marriage with Mr. Thorne. Very much to the surprise of everybody, it was announced that the yomag couple would live akroad. But if anyone imagined that this would be a trouble to me they were mistaken. All I craved for was to get the wedding over, and to lose sight of both my loved ones until my burstins, heart had had time to overcome the terrible pain that oppressed it. Erica was wild with delight at the prospect of seeing the world, and of meeting with the homage which she confidently expected to receive from society. At first it was balm to me to listen to her joyous rhapsodies. But by-and-bye I became aware of a new source of anxiety and wonderment. Erica lost none of her delight in the constant discussions concerning the future which were per- petually to the fore. But it was impossible to ignore the fact that the ma.i was gradually becoin- ing secondary in importance to the gifts he 'could bestow upon her. Her fickle temperament had re- asserted itself, and it became apparent that wealth and position would suffice for her, even though unaccompanied by the love of which she had boasted so exultantly only a few months ago. That which she had then spoken of as nothing short of worship was, in point of fact, merely the glow, of gratified vanity at the idea of having won a lover who was coveted by nearly all the girls she knew. Then it was that I began to tremble for Hector's happiness, and I prayed that he might never be iisillusioned. Yet sometimes I feared that he guessed the truth already, for his spirits were less buoyant than before the engagement, and I Are shan once caught him looking at me with a 2eproachful sadness in his eyes which puzzled me exceedingly.

The wellare of these two was my principal object in life, and the bare suspicion that this object might fail to be fulfilled was enough to make my heart ache worse than ever it had done before.

But why should Hector look at me so reproach- fully? He surely could not imagine that I was to blame for any falling off there might be in the sincerity of Erica' g dffection fore her affianced husband! Of course, he had no idea of my own great love for 'him, and he was never likely to blow that I had placed his and Erica's happiness on a much higher plane of regard than my own. But, even though he was ignorant on these points, it was inconceivable that he should have found a grievance of any sort against me, and I puzzled vainly over the problem of trying to discover the origin of his displeasure with me. Nor did time seem to mend matters, for the nearer the wedding-day approached the more gloomy and reserved did Hector become with me, though, to all appearances, he was just the same bright, sociable being,with everybody else that he had always been, and his lovely bride could not complain of any lack of lavish attention on his tart.

[THE END. 1

--he wedding preparations' went on apace, and ~t least one individual was satisfied with them, for neither expense nor trouble was spared to make it the prettiest ceremony that had ever taken place in our village, and the grand doings we were having were the talk of the surrounding neigh- bourhood.

Burin.. the whole of the preparations I was kept too busily employed to have time to allow my own feelings to assert themselves very strongly. But sometimes I felt as if my fortitude could not endure much longer; and I prayed constantly for strength from above, to enable me to pass through the ordeal of seeing the love which I had once believed to be mine lavished upon a comparative child, who was already shewing, in many little ways, that she did not know how to value the inestimable treasure she had won so easily.

At last the wedding was over, and the bride and bridegroom were almost ready to leave us. Erica went upstairs to chancre her bridal robe for a travelling dress, and I was about to follow her when Hector stopped me with a peremptory gesture that compelled instant obedience. "I must have a few words with you in private, Margit," he said. "This may be the last oppor- tunity I shall have, and what I have to say to you will not bear keeping." Now that the moment of parting was so near I could scarcely speak for emotion, and I silently led the way to my own little summer-house in the f:arden, where we were not likely to be interrupted. "Marcrit," said Hector moodily, and the pas- offilonate "love which shone from his eyes made me shrink away from him, in startled fear of what was coming, "Your plans have been beautifully laid, and they have succeeded perfectly. You lured me on to love you, and then met me with chilling coldness as soon as vulgar gossip coupled my name with that of your sister. Good God, woman! Is your heart made of stone, that you could thus play with a man's most sacred emotions? Was it nothing to you that your tardily-shewn dislike was fain to blast my life for ever? So long as your doll of a sister realised her ambition, you were satisfied, and you left no means unused that could make it seem dishonourable for me to reject the love that was thrown at me, but which I did not covet. Your plans have been successful. I have married Erica, for it was all one to me what became of me, so long as I could not win your love. Even though scorned by you, I have had the melan- choly satisfaction of serving you, since it was solely to gratify your wishes that I married the one being for whose happiness you seem to feel any solicitude. But take care how you use your fatal beauty to break another man's heart as you have broken mine!"

As Hector thus pulled the scales from my eyes and sheived me the utter uselessness of the sacrifice I had made for Erica's sake, the light seemed to die out of the sky, and I felt as if my soul itself were leaving me. Some of the agony I endured ..at have shewn itself on my face, for the expres- L:re on that of Hector's suddenly changed, and he 4;ttgered forward, almost prostrated by the so• ivjohtnin revelation which had. come to,him also. "God help us both!" he moaned. "Too late! Too late!"

Then, imprinting one passionate kiss upon my anguished face, he left me, with only one hope in life—that Erica might never learn the terrible truth.

Twelve months passed by, and during all this tune I never received one letter from Hector. Erica, on the contrary, was always sending me a chatty bit of news of some sort. Her whole life seemed to be spent in the pursuit of pleasure, and it must be confessed that in her case the pursuit was not in vain. Every letter that reached me was full of worldly, frivolous gossip, and there was never the slightest sign that Erica had. any cause to regret her marriage. • Her husband was wealthy, and indulgent to a fault. Eery whim of hers was' gratified without demur, and the couple flitted from one Continental resort to another, their movements being apparently guided by no stronger motives than those which actuhte a 'butterfly as it flits from flower to flower. "And the funny part of it is." wrote Erica, "that -Hector seems Vo be far too dull, and gloomy to enjoy any of the gaieties that come in our direc- tion, though he is never bad-tempered, and he lets me have my own way in everything; nor does a single wish of mine remain ungratified. It is

lucky for me, however, that lam of a cheerful i temperament, and that I know how to amuse myself. Otherwise I should most likely be very dull indeed, for Hector is too prosy for words. Give him a book and a pipe, and he will amuse himself with them for a whole evening without troubling himself about anything further. I had no idea his tastes were so quiet, and it is all the nicer of him to be so indulgent to me, for it must be a bit of a bore to him to be kept always on the move."

The few deductions which I was able to make from these letters helped to reconcile me partially to the unfortunate train of circumstances which had resulted in the mistake which Hector and I had both made.

Whatever he anC ingot suffer, 11 was evident that Erica had everything she desired, and that, in this respect at least, the sacrifice I had made was certainly not a vain one. It did not matter to her that Hector did not love her for love, as I under- stood it, was by no means necessary for her happi- ness.

believe that a great many men, when brought face to face with such a revelation as had come to him on his 'wedding morniAg, would have done something desperate. But he was taking things so quietly as to make me hope that his disappointment was very much less keen than my own. As for me, I had all my life schooled myself to subvert my own interests to those of others, and the consciousness of having succeeded in doing so was always a source of subdued happiness in itself. When several months had rolled by, I ceased to expect any communications from Hector himself; and it was with a flutter of alarm that I opened a telegram which hailed from Interlaken, whence Erica's last letter had been dated.

"What can be the matter ? " I asked myself. "Mica promised me a letter by this mail, in which I was to hear all about an Alpine excursion in which she and Hector were going to take part. Surely there cannot have been an accident!" This foreboding struck me as soon as I opened the.telegram, and the few words it contained were more than sufficient to c'onfirm my fears. "There has been an accident," I read, "and we both need you at once. Start immediately." The telegram was signed "Thorne," but there was nothing to indicate whether it came from Erica or from Hector, and it was impossible for me to tell which of the two had been injured in the accident.' Yet it was evident that they were both still alive, and I could only pray that such injuries as they had received would not prove very serious, after all.

Soon after the departure of my sister and her husband for the Continent I had received a cheque- book from the latter, with instructions to draw at any time upon his banker, to the extent of at least two hundred pounds per annum. But I had not cared to avail myself of this liberality, and I had as yet not drawn a penny from the bank. No,w, however, there was no reason why I should allow my pride to prevent me from using the funds at my disposal, for I was too poor to undertake a Conti- nental journey at my own expense, and it was quite certain that, even if this, had not been the case, Hector would naturally have expected to be allowed to spare my purse as much as possible under the mrcumsttmces.

I made arrairgeraents for the comfort of Aunt Elspeth during my absence, but how I reached Interlaken I can hardly remember, though I shall never forget the terrible shock I received when Hector himself came to meet me at the station. I knew then, before I was told in so many words, that I was too late, and that my beautiful, wayward 3ister was one of the victims who are sacrificed every year to the love- of adventure. The full details of that dreadful time are too painful for me to dwell upon, and I am not sure that Hector's troubles were not enhanced, instead af being diminished, by my arrival on the scene, for the Shock of Erica's death had such an effect upon me that I was worse than useless as a 3onsoler.

Yet through the chastened vista of years lam %lways able to feel glad that my darling was never permitted to know that she was the innocent means af bringing trouble to Hector and me. And lam quite sure that, if her spirit is permitted to revisit is, she will approve of the quiet happiness which aas come to us at last, after years of waiting; for ;here are no misunderstandings now betweei . my sear husband and me.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
A. PAGE FROM A WOMAN'S LIFE.

BY MRS. GEORGE CORBETT, Author of "The Adventures of an Ugly Girl," "The Star of Yukon," "A Mere M asquerader, " &e.

"Margit, I'm the very happiest girl that ever lived! "

I looked up in pleased interest as these words were addressed to me, and my gaze dwelt lovingly on the sparkling face and dainty little figure of the speaker. Erica had always seemed to me to be the fairest and sweetest picture that Nature could produce, and ever since our dying mother had com- mended her to my special care I had guarded her against the faintest I reath of trouble or anxiety. We two girls were all in all to each other, I and there were those among our friends who predicted that my indulgent treatment of my sister, who was my junior by six ,vears, would make her spoil* and selfish. But laughed at their pessimistic prognostications, and took ever-increasing delight in the sunny, joyous temperament of the being whom I had never permitted to feel the want of a mother's love.

Of late, however, a new element had entered my life, an element of such delightful, such enchant- ing possibilities that I held my very breath in prospective rapture as I tried to picture what a woman's life must be like when spent in the con- stant companionship of Hector Thorne. I was sitting in the orchard, my eyes dewy with blissful reverie, and my mind full of gratitude to Heaven for giving me the love that my heart had craved for, when Erica burst in upon me with the words that proclaimed a happiness as great as my own.

"Why, my darling," I said, "are you any happier dear, eor than usual?" su:31lll?y old sobersides! Of course I am! I have always been ihappy, but now—oh, Margit! Can't you guess ? " "No, I don't think I can, unless— Tell me, is there a lover in the case ? "

"To be sure there is! Hasn't there always been a lover in the case for at least three years now— ever since I was sixteen, in fact ? " "Yes, but a real lover—one whom you can love in return, in all seriousness ? " Somehow, though there was so little difference in our ages, I had always regarded Erica as a com- parative child, and had never deemed her numerous flirtations worth serious consideration. So I was certainly not prepared for the shock which pre- sently came to me.

"Aargi—t,-"--s-a-4 Erica, suddenly dropping her voice to a whisper, am almost frightened at the feeling that now possesses me, for it seems to me that love is too tame a word for it. It is wOrship. It is adoration!"

I looked in Erica's face in startled surprise, and hoped fervently that her love had not been mis- bestowed. But not the faintest suspicion of the terrible truth had as yet crossed my mind. "And he ?" I asked anxiously. "Does he love you? And is he worthy of your love ? " For answer she laughed merrily, for the doubt expressed in my questions seemed to her to be amusingly out of place. "Comie, dear," I urged. "Why don't you answer me? "

"Well," she replied, "to question his worthiness seems too absurd, for he is an acknowledged prince among such men as we have hitherto met. And of his love for me are there not proofs every day? Doesn't he fairly haunt the house I live in? Isn't he always paying me pretty compliments? Hasn't he bought me all sorts of dainty presents? And are not nearly all the girls in the village jealous because the handsomest and richest man in the neighbourhood cares for no society but mine ? " Each one of this string of questions dealt a death-blow at the happiness I had believed to be within my grasp. Each one increased the dread of coming misery which caused my limbs to shake under me, and my very heart seemed to stand still as I gasped out: "Child, don't I torture me so! Whom do you mean ? "

"Why, Whom should I mean but Hector Thorne ? " was the counter-query, given in the hurt tone of a child that takes naught but its own feelings into consideration. "You surely cannot have any objections to urge against him ? ' Objections! Great Heaven, what objections could I urge against the man with whom I had hoped to spend the rest of my life? But what a mad, vain fool I had been, to dream that I, whom no man had ever before sought in love, could have been the one to inspire that sentiment in the breast of Hector Thorne, the most perfect man I had ever met in my life! Happily, I had not betrayed myself to him—at least I hoped not—and Erica must never, never know that I had coveted the happiness which was destined for her. _ _

Ey a supreme effort I recovered the self-command of which despairing emotion had robbed me for a second, and I answered Erica's challenge so quietly as to surprise even myself. "He is, I believe, all that a,woman could wish for in a husband, and you know that lam never likely to object to anything that is necessary to your happiness. But—but—l never thought of Mr. Thorne as your lover, dear. . He is so much older than you!" • "He is only thirty, and he doesn't look anything like as old as you do, although you are younger than he is. But you are quite old-maidish already, and perhaps that accounts for it." "Yes, perhaps that accounts for it, I echoed, with such a dull, numbing pain at my heart as I had never felt before. "And you are quite sure that he loves you ?" "Of course I am! For what else but love of me could he come here so often? "

Ah! what else indeed! Who, or what, was I that I should have imagined it possible for such a man as Hector Thorne to be in love with me? Erica had put the case on its proper footing when with unconsciously cruel frankness she ignored the remotest likelihood of any attraction at Inglenook beyond herself. Poor old Great-aunt Elspeth, who came to live with us before mother died, spent the major part of her time in bed, leaving all the responsibilities of housekeeping to me, and, as Erica demonstrated to me, I was braver and quieter than is usual with women who have only numbered twenty-five summers. No doubt the heavy cares with which I was saddled when but early in my teens had some- thing to do with this premature seriousness of mine. Still, the fact remained that girls of my own age had always seemed to look upon me as predestined to old-maidism, and until lately I had never had reason to suppose that any man had thought of me except'as the staid elder sister of th. pride of the village. And now, God help me! Was all my happines, to be shattered at one blow? Had I really been deceiving myself when I imagined that Hector Thorne, who had only known us three months, had reversed the usual order of things, and that he had merely rega-rded Erica as the lovely, childlike sister of Margit Braham ? , Surely, my vanity could not lead me so far astray as that! And yet, alas! when I came to analyse the situation with a clearer vision, did I not realise that he was always merriest when Erica was by, and that she was invariably the recipient of the many little presents he had brought to Inglenook? Poor blind fool that I had been, not to see it all sooner! But it was not yet too late to save my pride and self-respect. Not a soul should ever know that the one love of my life had been wasted upon a man whose warmest sentiment for me was pity at my prospective old-maidish loneliness. So far as my sister was concerned, my duty was clear. Whatever befell me, she must always be happy. So, seeing how she loved this man, I would do all in my power to bring about a realisation of the happiness she coveted. That evening, Hector paid us his usual visit, and for the first time since I had known him I felt afraid to look him fairly in the face. Indeed, I would have taken refuge in my own room, if I had had time to do so. But Erica, having seen him coming, had hastened smilingly to the door '— meet him, and I had no chance to escape him without making my avoidance of him, more pointc,— and noticeable than I cared to allow to be the case.

"Erica is bringhig him straight here," I said to myself, feeling the blush‘of anticipated humiliation rise to my cheeks as I heard his well-known foot- step approaching the .little parlour which over- looked our beautiful garden. "There is nothing for it but to face out the meeting, and try to dis- abuse his mind of any suspicion .that I, staid, old- maidish Margit Braham, have allowed my vanity to cheat me so lunch. He shall certainly not go home this evening under a wrong impression, for, if necessary, I can make myself positively disagree- Able to him."

Having thus mapped out my future treatment cf Erica's rover, I set about carrying out my plan of campaign with such promptitude that I was able to greet Mr. Thorne with quite commendable coldness.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLDIER'S NOVEL SUICIDE.

Mail advices from Tonkin bring an account of a curi- ous case of suicide. A soldier in the French Colonial Regiment tied a rope to the last wagon on a goods train, made a running noose in the end, and put his head in the noose when the train started. The first stopping place was ten miles distant, when the remains of the man scarcely enough to identify him, were found at the end of the rope.

PREFERRED DEATH TO PENAL SERVITUDE. An extraordinary incident was witnessed at Glasgow Circuit Court on Tuesday, when a Russian-Pole named George Totnassewich pleaded guilty to stabbing with a long-bladed shoemaker's knife, a girl and two men,all Poles, in a house on the south side of Glasgow. Accused, it was explained was in love with the girl,who had repeatedly refused to marry him. On the night in question, mad with drink, he stabbed the girl in a fit of jealousy, afterwards wounding two men who interfered. The lives of the girl and men were despaired of for several days. Lord ,INloncr.teff imposed sentence of twelve years, when prisoner said he preferred to die.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN 'LEAGUE MATTERS

A meeting of the Northern Union League Comm ittee was held at the grosvenor Hotel, Manchester, on Tues- day evening, Mr. J. Platt (Oldham) occupying the chair. The Broughton Rangers Reserve v. Pendlebury match down to be played on Eiebruary 20, was postponed to April 9th. Other postponed matches were ordered to be played off on the following dates :—Wigan v. Huddersfield, February 24th; Runcorn v. Keighley, Marck 2nd; Broughton Rangers "A " v. Warrington "A," March 19th. In the case of the Holbeck v. Lancaster match— which lasted sixty-six minutes instead of seventy minutes; through bad weather—the committee ordered that the match should stand good. • The Lancaster Club having been found guilty of a breach of rule 15, page 110, the committee ordered the Lancaster v. St. Helens, which the former club won on December 25th, to be replayed. Other business included fines, registrations, suspen- sions, and players struck off the various clubs' lists.

1,000 Tons increase!

Ten Hundred Tons!

Only think what this means when it represents the actual increase over last year in the sale of

' Provost' Oats,

the finest Porridge-making food in the world. It means thou- sands of additional eaters of 'Provost' Oats, and hundreds of thousands more plates of Provost' Oats Porridge than were ever eaten before. What more eloquent testimony could there be to the superior quality of these Oats. They stand high above all others in goodness and merit. The finest , • - in flavour. The woody fibre so often found in other Oats is entirely eliminated.

R. ROBINSON & SONS, ANNAN, N. B.

Try our "Blue Bell" Flaked Rice, it makes dainty puddings in five minutes. Simply drench the flakes in boiling water and cook in an oven ior five minutes.

3cl. Per Packet.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORD ON RHEUMATISM. How Bile Beans Cure It.

First, what is it? It begins with a dull aching feeling in an arm, a leg, or in the back. When you rest and then move suddenly it hurts terribly. Sitting in a dry, warm room, you perhaps don't feel it. Go into a damp or cold place—back it comes. To-day is fine—you're free. To-morrow wet—it grips you again. Then the limb gets stiff. If it's rheumatism in the hand, the fingers hurt when straightened. If it's in the arms or legs, you feel afraid to move them. If you don't move them, they get more stiff. Sometimes so stiff that they won't bend. That's why so many walk with sticks! One day you feel it in one place another day in another. It's an acid in the blood. That's how it travels from limb to limb and place to place. Bile Beans purify the blood from this acid. That's how they drive rheumatisra out. Mr. Michael Greville, proprietor of the Farmer's Hotel, South Esplanade, Guernsey, says': "Some years ago I caught a chill,which brought on rheumatism The pains were very severe, and while they continued I was unable to attend to business or do work of any kind. The achin,g was all over my body, and I was so racked with pain that any movement, painful at all times, was agonising while the attacks were upon me. Rheumatism reduced my whole system, and other ail- ments crept in. On a friend's advice I tried Chas. Forde's Bile Beans. They quickly improved me, and by degrees cured me. It is now two years sinoe I last felt a trace of rheumatism, so the cures which Bile Beans effect are permanent." Bile Beans also cure liver complaints, indigestion, constipation, piles, all female ailments, headache,debil- ity, and rheumatism. Of all medicine vendors at is lid or large family size at 2s 9d (containing 3 times is 3id size). Post free on receipt of prices from the Bile Bean Co., Red Cross street, London, E. C.

TWO MEN BURIED ALIVE. INSUFFICIENT TIMBERING AND INADEQUATE SUPERVISION. The inquest on John William Platt, married, aged twenty-four, of 76, Hardshaw-street,and Thomas Grundy, single, aged twenty-three, of Raiaford-road, St. Helens, occupied a very con derable time on Monday at St. Helens Town Hall. v. H. L. Riley represented Platt's relatives, and Mr. E. Pence the colliery company. The men were daywagemen working in the Ravenhead Pit of the St. Helens Collieries for H. Critehley, con- tractor. On Thttrsday night they were buried under a tremendous fall of roof and killed.— Thomas Halliwell, shot-lighter, said he visited the men once, by direction of the under-manager, at a quarter to six. He believed the men had been visited at 3 p.m. Platt was the leading hand. He found the roof knocked safe. There was plenty of timber thirty yards from the men. The men had roofed down nearly two yards, and there was no timber for half a yard between the old part and the new, so that they would be two yards under the roof where it was not timbered.—By Mr. Riley : He could not stop to see the men put up a bar becausehe had other work to do.—The Coroner asked if it was not witness's duty to stop and see it done.— Witness said he told the men to do it.—Mr. Peace said it was a matter of discretion.—H. Critchley, contrac- tor, said the men were both competent to roof down. He told them to keep the place well timbered.—Mr. Matthews, Government Inspector, said the fall was extensive, and was caused by two slips. He thought there was not sufficient timbering done.—The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death," but gave the opinion that there was insufficient timbering and inade- quate supervison of the men.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

St. Peter's Church.

A meces service in conneotion with St. Elphin's, St. Paul's, and St. Peter's Churches, was held in St. Peter' . Church on Sunday afternoon, when the Rev. G. Vale Owen, curate of Orford, delivered an interesting address on the love of Gods Sacred solos were ably rendered by Mr. E. H. Pearce, A.L.C.M. There was a large con- gregation, and the service throughout was of a very a interesting and impressive character.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

The meeting in connection with this society on Sunday was presided over by Mr. George Colley, who spoke upon the gambling evil. He urged his hearers to shun betting, as they would smallpox. If they could not all become wealthy, he said, they could at least all become honourable.—Mr. A. Barbury, of Oldham. delivered an address, in which he drew some useful lessons from the captivity and ultimate delivery of the laraelites. He spoke upon the, value of national hope- fulness, and asked his hearers to play the part of true men. Mr. Pearce efficiently sang two solos entitled " 0 Blessed Redeemer" and "Through the Darkness."— Mr. B. Farrar (the hon. secretary) said the society would this month complete its tenth year of existence. The membership had reached 559 which was slightly lower than last year. Mr. Farrar proceeded to refer to the approaching eleventh anniversary and asked the mem- bers to make it a red letter day and to endeavour to make the society a greater sphere of usefulness.—The service was also taken part in by Mr. J. Simcock and Mr. W. Beswick.

The Rev. H. Ifinudeo and the Eastern Pea

"The Eastern Peril: A warning to the West" was the subject of the Rev. H. Dunnico's discourse in the Baptist Church, Golborne-street. on Sunday evening. The rev, gentleman, did not hesitate to say that unless the people of the West fulfilled their obligations to the East,rere long it would be too late, and they would reap a terrible recompense. Alluding to the war between Japan and Russia he said that if the latter won one result of victory would be that she would firmly establish herself in Manchuria and control the whole of China, controlling China, Russia would control all Asia and before we were aware of it the Russo-Eastern peril would be upon Europe. He (the preacher) hated war as much as auy one, but now that the war had broken out his sympathies as a Christian were with Japan and the rev, gentleman explained why, adding that though Russia was nominally Christian it would not bear for a moment eomparison with Japan. Some interesting information was given as to the strength of China, and Mr. Dunnieo said he had it on reliable authority that if that country wore organized as Japan was she could muster an army of not less that 80,000,000 men. Before sue* a force European armies would he swept away. In conclusion, the preacher said that to each nation God had given a mission and the mission of England was the evangelization of the Asiatic races. As a nation we had done nothing to morally uplift the people of China, but we had done much to demoralize and degrade them. Chins had given many valuable things tro us; now we had an unparalleled opportunity of repaying her. A selfish nation would perish just as surely as a selfish man and a nation that existed solely to gain wealth and man, would be destroyed ; but a nation founded on devotion to God and founded in obedience to Him could not be other than great. Let all narrow imperialism and greed of Em- pi," perish; give him a people high in principle and devoted to God, then whether we were great or small the name of England wevild never-perish and we should have our place in the final establishment of the Kingdom of God upon the earth.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
The Rev. J. F. Matthews and the Bribery Case. The Yellow Labour Question.

Preaching at Latchford Baptist Church on Sunday morning, the Rev. J. F. Matthews said there were two matters of more than ordinary importance he would ask the congregation to think about. Locally a case had been before the Courts, and a burgess of the town had been fined for bribery. The gentleman concerned had taken no mital part in the non-municipal trading agitation, and had, he believed been himself the agent for exposing some of the rotten methods that had marked our municipal life. Yet. singular as it might seem, he himself had now been convicted of what Judge Bigham described as "Contemptible bribery." No doubt that, together with his probable disfranchisement, would be sufficiently hard punishment. He mentioned the case for the double purpose (a) of directing attention to the low morals of public life in Warring- ton. There was no doubt the case just alluded to was by no means exceptional, but what must be said of the quality of the ideals held by many who would seek to serve the Commonwealth? What must be said of the poverty of many who sought the suffrages of their fellow citizens? (b) what was even worse seemed to be in the fact that there were people willing to be bought for a glass of beer, ora bit of money, people so vulgar,and with such a low conception of public morality that they were willing to sell their votes, and then boat of having done so. If in the one case to bribe, was a contemptible thing,to be bribbed was just as des- picable. The action in the case of a Christian man was almost unpardonable, but in the case of an unthinking, callous body of vote's, was scarcely less so. Surely it was time that the public sentiment demanded a higher ethical ideal on the part of its would-be servants land recognized, when it was forthcoming, a generous, unstinted, and unselfish devotion to the highest inter- ests of municipal life. The second matter was of terrible importance. He referred to the last reaction- ary work of this reactionary Government, in sanctioning the importation of yellow labour i into South Africa. Early t! last century millions of money were spent by this country in free- ing the slaves of the West Indies, and now, at the bidding of gold-grabbers, land-grabber, and hypocriti- cal diamond lords, the reimposition, of fetters upon an alien race was to be attempted. Did anyone seriously believe that the proposed safeguards were any safe- guards at all 7 The men who were most concerned to bring in slavery once again were the very men who hated white labour because it was too dear, and because white men wanted to have a voice in the affairs of South Africa. What had the workers in this country to say to this policy of pros- pective slavery? And what would. Wa rrington, Widnes, and St. Helens have to say to its "ho voted with the Government? We wore told that we went to South Africa to secure industrial and political freedom for the white man, and now the white man was to have no chance at all. The lust for gold was the death of all conscience. It was well that the wickedness of the wicked should come to an end, and. who knew but this last act in an ugly tragedy might bring about the down- fall and ruin of the villains. All well-wishers of South Africa would at least hope that "freedom" wc uld and that the reign of the mine-owner and slave- driver would speedily be brought to naug,ht.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
"Canada's Capabilities."

A lantern lecture on:the above subject was delivered in Wycliffe Memorial Building on Monday evening, under the auspices of the 1 oung People's Society, by Mr. W. Beecher Smith, secretary of the Manchester Y.M.C.A. The Rev. John Yonge presided. Mr. Smith recently paid a visit to Canada in connection with the Young Men's Emigration Advice Society, which he said was established not for the purpose of persuading young men to emigeate, but to give advice upon the following points to any, who, with the con- sent of their parents or guardians, had decided upon emigration: (1) The best means of finding employ- ment on the land. (2) The present pros- pects in the towns and cities of Canada for suitable energetic young men seeking commercial situations. (3) The best mode of transit. (4). The necessary outfit, cost of passage, &c. (5) To help with introductions to personal friends and Young Men's Christian Associations in Canada and elsewhere. (6) To give such practical help as shall surround, With good influences, and kind friends, young men carrying letters from this society. The lecturer stated that the society had already done much good work in this direction. The lecturer took his audience on an imaginary journey across Canada, describing all the interesting places en route, and pointing out the capabilities of certain districts.—Mr. Beecher Smith was heartily thauked forlis lecture, and in responding, acknowledged the assistance of the lanternist (Mr. Watson).

===== 0002601_19040227_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
Robbed his Parents.

A thirteen-year-old youth named Willi am Chester, son of John Edward Chester, of Woolston, Warring- ton, was, at Newton-le-Willowm, on Thursday, charged with stealing 45., his parents' money. The lad was sent with the cash to pay an in stalment on the pur- chase of a sewing machine, bu t decamped, and was arrested in Liverpool. He was ordered to receive six strokes with the birch-rcd.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
Fels- Naptha

The greatest labour - saving

device for washing.

The greatest clothes - saving

device in washing.

No copper fire; no boiling; half rubbing; go by the book.

Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson street London E C

===== 0002601_19040227_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
1/6 GARDEN SEEDS 1/6 One ounce each of Impertai Cribbs.,,, end lion,flam Park liero llelf ()mice each Select Carrot, Burly Turnip. tii (Farly And Late' Savoy and Sadist). One Pack et each Parsnip, Lettim., Marrow, Cucumber, Parsley, Leek,. end 4 Packets choice .Flower ceeols.—Post Free Is. 8.1. GILBELTBoN 4t toss, Egremont, Cumberland.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
050 - , ~4:4 4 Or tt•

===== 0002601_19040227_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
cc uis COLDS

.. BRIPOR4 THE LIGH TAR

HOLLOW'S PILLS.

(Note tt e Na me). For INDIGRSTION and all Stomach and Liver Complaints. Ask your Chemiet for them, or Post free le. &2s 9d. per box, of J. & HOLY NW, 10 CLITHE tiOF LONDON

ti;;'

I,' ' , --.. F \ )....... F !‘ 4 , , _ , , L.-- .. .(,,,.. „, 09 ) ADrrnr.e ,•,, 7,1 i„f cl PIARKI/4.Wii lir v:‘,.....,04;11? (- y la, 1 ~.0 P t;,c-,--rovt-.-r i .. -i, '' i 9 . . 4 ILeAIS COMPOUND MEN ~ i - 4 ,CF LINSEED ANISEED Fs PAI,:i . '3, . • •:' , • • i " INSEED COMPOUND" 40 • Is a reliable old English home 1 1 remedy. It softens hard phlegm. , ipermitting it to be expectorated without Arai; soothing the membranes and allaying the irritation so commonly ex- perienced. There is nothing to equal it. Of all Chemists at home aud abroad. Refuse the lt, many substitutes offered. Price, 9d.. lilt, 21. --- - - YOU BLOW 'T OUT," - E . a,C6% .., ii, RC,, CLAPHAM, ' - - 1

===== 0002601_19040227_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
ri3 ~ 'f ; 4 4

Nth That Every Wcman

===== 0002601_19040227_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Desires ta • now

About Sanative ariiisep- tii: Cleartshig

Mid about the Care of the Skin, Scalp, Hair aid Hands

Too much stress cannot be placed OD the great value of Cuticura Soap, Oint- ment and Resolvent in the antiseptic cleansing of the mucous surfaces, and of the blood and circulating fluids, thus affording pure, sweet and economical local and constitutional treatment for 'weakening ulcerations, inflammations, Itchings, irritations, relaxations, dis- placements, pains and irregularities pe- culiar to females. Hence the Cuticura remedies have a wonderful influence in restoring health, strength and beauty to weary women, who have been pre- maturely aged and invalided by these distressing ailments, as well as such sympathetic afflictions as anemia, chlo- rosis, hysteria and nervousness. Women from the very first have fully appreciated the purity and sweetness, the power to afford immediate relief, the certainty of speedy and permanent cure, the absolute safety and great economy which have made the Cuticura remedies the standard humour remedies of the civilized world. Millions of women use Cuticura Soap, assisted by Cuticura Ointment, for pre- - serving, purifying and beautifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening and soothing red, rough and sore hands, for annoying irritations and ulcerative weaknesses, and for many sanative, an- tiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves, as well as for all the pur- poses of the toilet, bath and nursery. Sold throughout the world. Cutiaura Resolvent 2i. 6d. (1:1 form of Chocolate Coated Pills, Is. lid. per vial of 60). Ointment, 2s. 6d., Soap, Is. Depots: London. 27 Charter. house Sq. i Paris, S Rued. Is Pau ; Boston, 127 Columbus Ave. Potter Drug & Chem. Corp., Sole Proprietors. es- Send for" A Book for Women." THOUSANDS OF PERSONS

Testify that Holdroyd's Gravel Pills are a positive cure for Gravel. Lumbsgo, and Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind, Water Complaints, Diseases of the Kidneys, Gout, Sciatica, and Rheumatism. Try one box ;if not satisfied money returned. is, lid. all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps. Holdroyd's Medical Hall, Clecklmaton, Yorks.

Ukt ?AI 0,611 W tz_e4_ 11.2.1?...1 for Ladies. - LL 7.5

FIIIINCEI ; SUPStt3fiIDIN4 BITTICH APPLR. PIL 00JRIAO, PEINNTROTtL, 410. Priaa 43.6 d. poet free. Obtainable only from MARTIN, CUT-MIST, SOUTH MPTON

===== 0002601_19040227_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Tst 4 K • -*=-4?:kr,r, liar' ' .rtig., ...., tipy = "'" L• 1 filrg i , Ii , -1.-. • . :::: G '52 ' ''.. !!.: •.,`- -4 • - -$..te.,. " ' ••''' "" r.:. _ ' ; r ~, ~,,...4.,.. . ...; AP.4k- A, •-•

awarded Certificaie of Merit for the cure of all irrogulati- des, amensia, and all femile complaints. They have the aPproTal of the medical Profession. Beware of Imitations. The only genuine and original are in White Paper Wrappers Boxes Is Ild and 2s 9d of all chemists, or by post, is. 2d. and 28. 10d. Makers, 0 and G liEsasx. KY, 17, North street, Westminster. [Note White Wrapper.]

4 ' A

===== 0002601_19040227_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY NOT EAT PANCAKES OFTENER?

e: A *yr L. *4ol)'

ro PANCAKE POWER 1 RICH for 9 _IA, P, ...,4P PAN CAKES .xtv 2 Ei 0 EGOS REQUIRED. HO RISK-NO TRGUSI E. q A CHILD CAN USE IT. SOLE 4 SUTCLIFFE & BINGHAM, LTD., •,,,A NI.NuFR.• , " KKoVAH" WORKS. MANCHEST CR.

FO R

===== 0002601_19040227_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COST OF EDUCATION.

ESTIMATES APPROVED BY THE WARRINGTON COMMITTEE.

The Director's Salary —lncrcase Opposed.

Important business was discussed at the monthly meeting of the Warrington Education Committee held at the Town Hall on Monday evening, the estimates for the ensuing year being submitted by the Finance Com- mittee. Mr. F. Monks presided and there were also present :—the Revs. Morley Stevenson, E. J. Willcocks John Yonge, and Father Wilson, Aldermen Bennett Pierpoint, Sutton, and Smethurst, Councillors Tinnion Maginn, James Evans, and Lord, Col. J. D. Buckton Messrs. A. J. Jolley, T. May, E. Plinston, R. T. Fair- dough, W. Bibby, J. Upson, G. Walker, and C. H; Unsworth, with Mr. J. Moore Murray (director), Mr. J. Fairhurst (borough treazurer),and Dr. J. Guest Gornall (medical officer of health.)

===== 0002601_19040227_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BOROUGH TREASURER'S SALARY.

The DIRECTOR read a letter from the Town Clerk stating that he sailed the attention of the Finance and Estate Committee to the resolution on the Education Committee's agenda requesting the Council to consider the desirability of ißcreasing the Borough Treasurer's salary as the accounting offlcer of the Education Com- mittee. The Finance Committee directed him to point out that in their opinion the Education Committee were better qualified for dealing with the proposed increase, inasmuch as they were acquainted with the work which the Borough Treasurer performed for them, and before the Council could deal with the matter they would have to ask for a report from the Education Committee. Under the circum- stances the Finance Committee thought that the Edu- cation Committee skould consider the matter and make a recommendation to the Council.

The CITAIRMAN said he thought the matter might be referred back to the Finance Sub-committee for their considaration and report. lie moved that that be done.

Councillor TINN7OI:4 secondel.

Alderman BILAINETT : It won't, I suppose, seriously affect the estlmates,bnt itmay mean some modification of the figures. The CHAIRMAN: A very small modification. The proposition was agreed to. UNIVERSITY EXTENSION.

Mr. Nom WI to, general secretary to the society for Urivereity Extension in Lirsrpool and district, wrote on behalf of the Execuave Committee of tha society asking tbs Education Committee to nominate a reptesentative of tie committee and a renresentaave of each of the sub-comm itteee, to serve on ~be Cothicil of the societ,y. The leter ezplained that the Esecotive Committee had charge of thewaole wcrk cf organiza- tion, and was elected from the Council at its annual geaeral rneiging in May. From a copy of last year's report, which was enclosed, it would be seen that SOM3 beginving bad been made of tne mak of bringing the Univerßity into the teal v:ce of cootiriailitiss ly;n; within reach of its natural imheie of ioduence. The range of that sorvice bad been moch in.cieased nring the current season, in particular :n connection with the irsinictioa and training of teachers. It was in tt—tt and several other ways that the orghnizatioo of the society might Ire increasingly utilized in the future over a wide area.

It was poi—n-Cei out that the Director reprasented the committee on tnq Marchestec Society, and the com- mittee ag-tesd to nominate hint as tbs:r represen-; ative on the Liverpool organizsction. Tne sub-committees will also submit nom

THE ANNUAL MEE2ING.

The CHAIRMAY Sad thiq, RS Ap...1 Is. he dae fixed for the avant loee.tn. of ens coroal,.tee, was Good Friday. ba moved teaAl..e meting be held on Wedne.3- day, Ma,cb O. Alderman PIdIIP3IN"2 seconded the rectoa wnlch was era red.

THE ESTIMATES. AN EDUCATION RATE CF 10:n.

Estimates of the income end exprudiiiire of tlo Var,06.3 sub-commi;,tesa for ne elsu:eg yea... Wore &ft, mitted by tbe Erw..oe Comm*li.tee PS fOII.OiNS

SCHOOL ATTENOANCuiI COngT.T2I3E

Expencliture.—Orlicers' salarles, £96 Is.; nn:Sorals, ,Cl 4 .135.; industr;sl schoola, &c. ; medical certificates, £45; continioncies, £22; total, A',199. Receipts.--Pareat 1 Collbributiors to industrial schools, &c.. £42 18s. Eszimaiad deficiency.-1,158 Bs. SCiiOOL M WAGE LviriT COMM IT'AUF

===== 0002601_19040227_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGHER ED UC AT LON.

Expenditure.—Teachers' salaries: Secendary Day School, £1,138; School Of Art, 317.07; Technimil JUN; i- tate, £1,014 75.; Evening Continuation Scnools, £650 135.; books and stationery, £335; apparatus and ture, £260; evening school prires, £135; return of examination fees, £0; expenses of exemint.tions, £6O; expenses of lectures, £45; scholarsuips, £300; total, £4,285. _ _

Iteceipts.—Gramtst £2,366; fees, £642; sale of material, .C 146 admissigin to lectures, .£l5. ,Estimated deficiency, £1,116.

ELE ENTARY ED UCATILON

Expenditure.—Teach era' salaries, day schools. 21,C 17 Bs. 6d. ; teachers' saltines, cooksrs, £202 • boots and stationery, £1,190 • a.pparatua and farniLure, £950 ; winding clocks, £2O; chy school prizes, £130; insLruc- tion in drill, £5O; total, £26,639 89.,6d. _

Receipts.—Grants, annval, £12,342; fee, £6,016 ;laid £6,100. Fees, £1 693 ; sale of books and materials, £3OO.

Estimated deqe!ency, £ll3 Bs. Cd. FINANCE COMMITTEE.

Expenditure.—Offices' salaries. £1,173 10s. care- takers' sllaries, £1,773 us.; coal, coke, Grid firewood, £470; cleaaing materials, LPO; cleaning windows,lo9; rates and taxes, £72; insurance, £25; gas alid electricity £450 ;rent, £154; printing and stationery, £300; admr- tising, £100; petty club £2OO ; alteraovn to and fur- nishing of new office, E`AO ; caretaker of new office,Ls2; telephone (subscription), £10; subsczipaors to varioas societies, £3; legal expenses includirig Government stamps for agreements), £5O: reuayment cf principal and interest on Technical Institute loans, £B9O is. lid. repayment of principal and interest on loan to provide working balance, .E 925 ; total, £7,057 2s. 11e. Receipts.--Tn respect of cleaning, lighting and heat- ing of schools during use by managers, £lOO. Estimated deficiency, £C,957 2s. 11d.

„ SITES AND BUILDINGS COMMITTEE. Expenditure :—Repairs, £2CO; fair wear and taar, £350; cost of preparing clans, £l2O ; interest on prob- able loan for 511e3 and buildings for elementary schools, £175; total, £845. SUMMARY OF THE FOREGOING ESTIMATES. Exp're. Receipts. Def. s. d. £ s. d. s. School Management 30924 8 6 29625 0 0 1299 8 6 School Attendance, 1199 6 0 42 18 0 1156 8 0 Sites and

Buildings 845 0 0 ---- 845 0 0 Finance 7057 211 100 0 0 6957 211

40025 17 5 29767 18 0 10257 19 5 Amount required from the Borough Fund ,210,257 19s. sd.

The Finance Committee also submitted the follow- ing recommendations :—The committee proceeded to consider the salary of the Director, and the r.emenera- tion to be paid to the Borough Treasurer and the Borough Surveyor for the services rendered by them to the committee, in accordance with the instructions of the Education Committee at their meeting on the 18th January, 1904.—1 n view of the fact that the Town Council had, in the interval, increased the salary of the Borough Surveyor by £lOO par annum, the committee did not deem it necessary to make any recommendation with regard to that officer.—After some discussion it was resolved that the increment of the Directot's salary on the Ist April, 1904, and annually thereafter, be £5O instead of £2s,until the maximum be reached.— That, in view of the great additional rcsponsibility placed upon the Borough Treasurer as ascounting officer of the Education Committee, the Council be requested to consider the desirability of increasing his salary. MR. A. J. JOLLEY'S EXPLANATION.

In rroving the adoption cf the minutes and estimates, Mr. A. J. JOLLEY said the resolution with reference to the Dirostor's salary represented the opirion of the committee—though not the unanimous opinion. There was a slight difference, laid a division was taken, but the difference of opinion was only whether the increase should have been greater than was now receirmenci3d. If the resolution were passed the Directcr's salary for Lhe year commencing April let would be £375 and annual inorements of £5O would ifollow. The maximum of £5OO would not be reached for three years.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
No Breakfast Table complete Without

ei p " ,

C; RATE F L-CO FORT;

34* ill-- I Pi. 'eV -

The Most Nutritious and Economical.

In regard to the estimates, very great care had been exercised in their preparation. The first draft was pre- pared by the Director and the Borough Treasurer, and after that he (Mr. Jolley) and the Director spent several hours going through the figures again, and to some extent reyising them. Subsequently each sub- committee dealt with its own section, and finally the Finance Sub-committee went through them. That evening the completion of that process of evolution was in the hands of the committee, and he hoped they would express their approval of the estimates. There ware, of course, some elements of uncertainty, and the fact that they had not yet had a full year's work in any department—and in some departments only an irregular fraction of a year—made an accurate esti- mate difficult. The heaviest item of expenditure— salaries of teachers—was worked out in acecrdance with the scales and regulations which that committee as a whole had already approved. The principal stain on the receipts side—Government grants—would,unless some unforeseen change in the methods of assessing and paying them was made, probably work out pretty closely by the end of tire year. There was an element of uncertainty due to the fact that grants earned in one financial year were sometimes paid, or partly paid, in another. The salient fact was that the deficiency represented a rate of 101 d. as against 10d. last year. It was desirable to remember that of the 102ci. in the 2,22 d. represented the cost of duties de- volving on the Corporation prior to the Act of 1902 in connection with technical instruction and school attendance work, wnilsi; Bd. represented the expendi- ture due to the operation oZ the Education Act. With reference to the School Manage.nent Committee's estimates under Higher Education, he might say that the Secondary school had only been open for a part of the caerent year. Certain changes aimed at securing the highest attainalle measure of useihrinese from the Technical Institute, and drawing a larger number of youths and g:rls into the evening schools had been made this season as compared with last. The results had justified the action oi the committee, and it was proposed during the coming financial. year to continue the development on similar lines. That pointed to an increase of anneal expenditure of about £7OO, which sum, it was estimated, would be more than recouped by the inoresed grcnta. Under elementary edacadon an increase was made in the item " apparatus , and furniture " of aieout £5OO, an eatimcte ' which, he thought, was certainly not too large On the L1C0328 side; the item. "fees, £1,698," was what they estimated taey would have received during the current year under the existing arrangements. He would like it to be distinctly understood that any pro- posal to reduce fees, or to hand over an increased portion of them to the managers of fee-charging echools during the corning financial year, would increase the deficiency, and 83 involve an addition to ,the rates. Personally, he was strongly of opinion that the exist- ing errangements in respect of fees should continue in force for at leaet another year, bht it was, of course open to anyone holding a contraey ooitlion to propose a reduction of it, or the deletion of that item, mid a farther increase of the rates by Id. or 2d.. as the case might be. He hoped the committee would approve of the estimat3, which was based on the assumption that the existing systain would remain in operation for another year. Broadly speeking, the Octlr3S in the Finance Com- mittee's estimate showed tnat cleaning heating and Eghting cost about ss. per annum per 'awl.] of the aver- age attendance. The item for "repayment of principal and interest on loan to provide working balance "was in accordance with the sanction granted eto the local authority, and but for which last year's rate would have been 61d. higher than it was. There was nothing calling , for special mention in the Sites and Buildinks Com- mittee's estimates, except to say that the estimate for fair wear and tear was an exceedingly modest one. As would be seen from the summary, the total expenditure was estimated at £40,025 17s. 5d., and of that the teachers' salaries alone were by far the biggest item. The total receipts amounted fto £29,625, the Govern- ment grants, of course, being the main item. If they worked out all the figures they would find that of the total CO3G of education to Wan ington,about one-quarter fell on tfie rates, eleven-sixteenths on Imperial taxes, and one-sixteenth was made up .1 fees rind sundries. He moved the confirmation of the minutes and the estimates.

Alderman PIERPOUT secouded. THE DIRECTOR'S SALARv.

Councillor LORD asked if Mr. Alnemy made any application for an increase of the inc:ements of -pis salary? The CHAIRMAN : If you read the minutes of the lasi; meeting you a-11111nd the.'e*was a resolution passed by this committee asking the Finance Committee to discuss the question and report.

Councillor-Lor o : That does not exactly answer my question. I sborld like to knovv if he has made any application. Th 9 CHAIRMAN: I eon.% know that he has.

Councillor Loan: I must move an amendment that tbe resolution relating to tile iTicease be deleted.

COUnCiiioC JAMES t-VANS seconded.

Mr. PLIINSTON considezed some reasons should be given for the moving of the amendment. Neither the proposer nor the seconder had given any. so he would give one or two reasons why be supported the amend- ment. It was withia his recollection that eight months ago a very long debate took. place with reference to the then suggested increase It was defea.ted, and a further resolution was moved that Mr. Murray should have annual increments of £25. Now, if the Chairman of the Finance Commiti;ee had given any reason why the rate of increase then ap- proved should be altered they might have bad some- thing to work upon that night. But IVIr. Jolley had been perfectly satisfied to leave the matter entirely alone. He (Mr. Plioston) ws second to none in biz admlration of Mr. Murray, hut he maintained'that the present wasnot an opportune time to give aa‘increase of salary., espec'ally looking at the fact that they we-e face to iace with a heavy year. They woaid he bound to build new schools, whether they liked it or not, and that was an imporant Lem. Also, there were Voe very heavy rates of the borough; emtremely bad trade, and ratepayers struggling to get an existence. Therefore, he saki the time was not °ppm Lane. Jf it were pro- posed to give fifty men Is. aweek extra wage's the COW- MiLtS3 woold at once ray that the time was not oppor- tene. He rercainly opposed lire incrzase, as it was not r;e'ht without some very good reason, to fritter away the money of the ratepayer. Mr. MAY sad he was pre3rnt at a meeting to discnes Secondary Edvcation ntYhich the Director stoke, end it seamed to him cs he listened to M. Mur..ay that he was tt.e only person present who realized the wants' of the bo:ough. The CIitAIRMWS : I think you might keep to the amendment. We have nothing to do with wartt was said at fie other meeting,

Mr. MAT: lan speaking of th3Director's salary and I want to justify rn7 vote. Althow;li Lois is an iu- opporture tims to incase the salary. .1 think Mr. Murray is a most use:al Lud e&cellent di (actor of edu- cation.

Replying to th 3 discussion, Mr. Jolley said the pcints ra!sad by Mr.Plinston were rot germane to the question at issue. It was not a questicn of rais;ng a lot of salaries inoiscriniinately. it was a quesdon of payinc, market Iralue for labour, and he supposed the Educaion Committee, the Town Council, and every reasonably-minded Engl;slantan. did iiot want to pay less or more than the market prim Everyone who had paid attention to the state of the market in tl:at depirt- Trent, and bad paid close att3ntion to i,ae work 0 their Director, woula agree that there was no ofEcial in England of equal ability holding such a pos:tion, who was not receiving a substant:allF higner salary. He had hoped tbat the resolution would have gone through without opposition. The aniendment seemed to him to convey a .reflection on an °Metal. who had served them most admirably, and discharged his duties in a thoroughly conscieutioas manner. The voting wasas follows : TOR Tag AM 3 DMENT. AGAINST. Alderman Smethurst Alderman Sutton

Councillor Lord • Pterppint „ Evans CouLillor Timnon Mr. Plinston „ Maginn M. May Rev. N. Wrison „ M. Steveason „ E. J. Willcocks „ J. Yeage Mr. F. Monks „ Jolley „ Upson „ Bibby „ Unsworth „ Fultm Ensifl.h „ R. T. Faieclough Colong Buckton —5. —l6. The increase of salary was therefcre sanctioned. THE COST OF GYMNASTIC INSTRUCTION.

Councillor TINNION pointed out that in the School Management Committee's estimates £5O had been put down for instruction in drill. He thought that was not sufficient, as it did not at all adequately represent the amount spent. A wider aspect of the question which would have to be faced was that at present gymnastic instruction was being given to the children attending only five oftwenty-three schaels.TheGynanaKum Commit tea had drawn up a report,and itwould be brought up at some later date. At any rate, in the new provided schools, they might make provision for drill grounds. As Chairman of the Gymnasium Committee, hs was not willing to allow £5O to be put down, when the amount would be at least £225. He moved that £.225 be put down in place of. £5O. Alderman SMETHURST seconded. Mr. JoLLEv: I have no hesitation whatever in accept- ing that. Alderman PIERPOINT concurred, and said ,he would like to point out that every schoolmaster in Germany was able to put his school through theproparamornltof drill. The question of military drill, he considered, might be very properly taken up by the elementary school teachers themselves. It would be a pleasing rather than an onerous duty.

A VOICE: Jt is done already. Mr. UPSON took exception to a remark that the only egicient drill W2S given at the Gymnasium. It .was quit 6 true, perhaps, that they did not have exactly the same kind of drill. For one reason they had not the apparatus. - Councillor Ti:cmoN : Therefore. It is not egicient.

Mr. UPSON : It does not follow that the -gymnastic

system of drill is the best. Continuing, Mr. Upson said he believed all the teachers in the town—or nearly all —had undergone a course of drill. Some of them were sergeants in the volunteers ;others had taken courses of drill under sergeant-instructors at the Barracks ; and others had attended classes at the ,Gymnasium. They were compelled by the code to teach th 3 childrea drill on two occasions each week. They were inspected in the drill given, and he did not think the drill was com- plained of by the inspectors. To his mind, the drill at many schools was better than gymnastic drill. If that committee would provide then with apparatus they tcould make the drill quite as efficient as that given at ha Gymnasium.

Alderman BENNETr said Mr. Upson admitted there was a deficiency in regard to apparatus. The matter was of such v.tal importance to the welfare of the young people, that ecen if it involved a still further addition to the estimates, he did not think they ought to stint the schools in that respect. Not only should the utmost attention be given to ordinary drill, but the children should aiso be taught how to SiVtlll. Tihe Rev. Father WILSON said he could speak in erffire corrob&ration oP. what Mr. Upson had said, as the drill given by the teachers was entirely eacient and in his opinioa, more suitable to the children than gym- nastic drill.

Colonel BUCKT3N said he eutirely approved of the amendment, as he thought all the things which came under the head of education should be properly accounted, so that the town would know what education really cost. The increasing of the sum' as suggested by Councillor Tinnion, did not increese the cost on the rates, but was merely transferring the cost from one department to another. He agreed with Alderman Bennett as to children being taught how to swim and, if possible, to ride.

Mr. R. r. FAIRCLOUGH rernark:,d that at Church- straet school they had plenty of room, and the drill was, he thought, fairly efficient. Ho thought they might put down £lOO for drill instruction, and £lOO for proyaling apparatus for the schools, instead of £225 as one item.

Councillor TINNION hoped Mr. Fairclough was not under the impression that the whole cost of the drill for the children of Warrington would be £2OO. Tf they were to take all the schools it would reach £7OO or £BOO a year.

The 15zioscroa said he believed most of the schsols which required apparat,us had been supplied by the committee or the managers. Some schools did not require any. Taking it as a whole he thought tbey had got what was required. The amendment was then carried, Mr. May dissenting.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. MAY AND "FREE SPEECH."

Mr. MAY said he wished to propose an amendment Oat the estimates be referred ha*, in order that a comparative statement couid be prepared howing LE e cos.; of the va, ions itnns as against last y.ear. He asked Mr. Jol.lby the following quesCuns, which he had p;•epared in w:: Ling :- 1. WU a detailed s:Atemeat of the actual cost of edrcatiou be sabrn:ited.,,o the comai..6ee :Lae: the close of the Baauciat year, on the 31st Ma,ch, 1901.? 2. Ha‘.e the iuceeases in the estimates for ceconeary eucitoi,amouatug to £2,200, ')een ant-Anil v sat,.ctiored by th;s committee, or a..e they baiad upon the anLicina. .Lions of tbe saU-co lam it;se as to the vow:11ot secoaciaci education?

3. Has any provision been made in the estimates for additional elementary school accorcru3datlon iu Latch- ford and School Brow? 4. What is the reason of the great variation in the estimates of the annual g,ant from £8,400 in 1903 and £12,342 this year? Mr. iVIA.v added that the estimates had increased £5,000 over ia,st year. It seenud o him . that they had forbitsd the riht of free speech in the committee. Aide man Ptiftc.'olST : The right of free speech has never been questioned, We are prepared to all, heve for an hoctr and give Mr. Hay all tne free sneeci he wa4s. rue CILITRIAA!,.7 : Free speech has never been cheaed hers. What we waat is to zeep t.) sue punt. Mr. -NrAy raid that he knew uctbing whatever of the grounds on which the minutes of the Finale° Commi;,Les were bassi He e. d not know the times of tbsir mee,ingi, so Oat, he could not have an opportunity of a:,:..euding i be .:v;sbed. It was an iusuq, to h's intelligence to ask Fin to come there and voi,e ontbose minutes, whicsh ccntaired an itena of "general, £175," which be had desc,-ibed on prsvions occasions as " secrei- service money." (Langlf:n"). There was no seconder of the amendment which felt to the found. Alc/e"m9.o BENN'ETT caid he suppcsed.the reason why compard,ive staement was not Oven, was because the year had not ex 13 iced. As he was not a member of the Firance Committee Mr. May had no oppottonity o,'.‘ knowing Oce why and whereore for all items and expenditure and it would be helpful i he could nave the approximate figures for last year. The CUAIRMAN : Ii is onen to any member of the commit Lee o make inquiries at the office and he will obtain al inf..tmation that it is ponible to give him. Aldsrmen PiERPOTNT thought ;be addition to de rates was a verynnodes.:, one w...en tney conGi4ered that the whole of Us e.lacatica of Warrington was now being carried on for such a sam. (flear,near.) Certainly there was not much room no cavil..

At a later s-,atte of the meeting Mr. Jolley replied to Mr. May's _ questicns. As to quest7ou No. 1 he had not the slbtest objectionto supply:.ng tbe state‘neat when the time arrived. The accounts would have to be produced for purposes or. audit andani ratepayer could Inspec them. He did not know what No. 2 question meant. The cost of secanda.v eciacation had not increased £2,200, and the sums which bad been. nu:: down il—st evening were w-na.t the committee estiteated won..d be the cost during the coming year. The only addi:-:on to the evoenditure alread7 sanctioned was that of one additional' teacher who had been pracicaitv ordered by tha depaz:„ment. As to question'No. 3 his arswer was: " Cez Oinly net. We pay for the new schools out, of loans, not rates." As to que:.,i,ion N. 41Mr. raclied that the figires were hopelesBly misleading.. The first estimai,es of £3,000 were for a secti9n of the year, whereas the p-e- -sent es:imates were 0r a full year. These egrres would allow for about 200 more children being hi aer- age attendance than was the case daring the past year.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DUTIES OF CARETAKERS.

At a mee(;ing oi be Finance Commit a letter was subroi...,ed from the mlnfigees of e Wsrring,..on B.ish soboonimaig tha they were preparA co accept ti_e proposa7s sahrilt ted. to tbem.:)v the Di:ec:or, in acecad- acce wish toe decision of Cita Con,a.:tuee at, tb,?:r meet ag o.a the 14th December with re.".eterce (;) olcsan- :n,.-. (to.' of tin infalt3 epar6.nerts O In Calo-3treet and 'Ph3w!is-st,eet, and w'nicli were as followe, viz :

C A IRO STREET

(a). that the caretaker carry out the duties of school kseoefas ref foit tile list of dudes or school keepezMhe EdocatlonCommitcee to pay the Trusi;eas,as tbeir proportion of die amoLot of his wr.;es, the sum: of 213 par annam ; and (h). that .the Educ9Con Com- nyittee pay the Trastkes the allTll of £6 par annum in risneci; of. the coal, cul.e and burgy used far tLe ele- mentary schoo! : per anion a 3 their urcportion of the cost of lighting the pteurises ; and the whole of the water rate.

T fT ENV S' ET.

(a) that the Managers ooain from the Worklngmen's Missik-a permission to appos:nt a school keeper for the elementary school only, who will be prepared to carry out the duties or a sthool keeper asset forth in he of dates ; tha Coe cppointwat b 3 effoi•ed to the wife or -Coe presa.a., caretaker. ad that she La pad, salary at t',...krate of .C2t3 per annam by tLe Edaca.ion Com- mi:.tea. for the work.

Th 9 Rev. JOHN YONGA contended .that the manper in which tbe question had been dealt with was e-cactly the reve-se to tile manner ia whlch the question of a carstai,ar at Wycli7e had been dealt NN d'd not raise this matter in any cavilling spirit, lert be would be asked how it was that People's Collep had been treatol in a different manner from Wycliffe School. Mr. A. J. JOL:EY replied that toe manag.zrs et.id rent for the Cairo-street bd!din2,c. The comlitiens under wh'ch they worked was quite fferen.; flani any oiler selool in the towa. Ceariciller JA.MES EVANS said it WriS nct 33 much the port whether the building was rented or net as io wl+etber the comreittee suould control all the cure- takers. He understood it was laid down at the first that eery ca,etal:er was supposed to be a servant of the coznmittee wad that the committse WU to find the money.

Mr. JaLLEV said Om cernmittee would control the caret:4,3-s during Coe titre the school was used fcr school potyoses. _ . _ _ _ _

Counllr EVANS understood it had been laid down that there should be no duel position. That was male a yary strong p)iat in the irneal stages of the work of the committee.

Mr. JOLLEY : In the other cases vv.3 had the control and could ray 7'...)at should cr should not be done. in th:3 case we cannot.

Mr. R. T. FAIRCIOUGH : You must either rent the schools or build new ones.

The mioutes were approved. THE COOKERY CLASSES.

Mr. UPSON said a few nionths ago a teso4ution was pasr.ed that a cookery school should be opened at anothec centre to afford facilities ta children who could

===== 0002601_19040227_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
BRONCHITIS AND ASTHMA. SUFFERED SIX YEARS. CURED BY VENDS LIGHTNING COUGH CURE.

Mrs. MARTIN HILL, The Hew, Shifnal,Salop, writes : "I have had what the doctor called bronchial asthma, and he said I wo,ild rever be cured, but thanks be to God and Veno's Lightning Cough Cure I am better now titan I have been for six years. I can lie down and have a good tighc,'s rest, which seems a God-send to me. I had tried everything that people told me of but nothing did me\a bit of good. During the Winter I had to sit in a chair for months at a time because of the shortness of breath. All. that has gone now and I am looking very well.

VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE is the purest, safest, and most eflicient remedy procurable for con uhs, colds, chronic bronchitis, asthma, catarrh, weak lungs, and children's coughs. Price 91d., Is. 11d. and 2s. Od., at chemists and drug stores.

not, attend the classes at the Technical School. Were not the estimates too small to allow of this proposal being carried into effect? Mr. A. J. JOLLEY said the matter need not affect the estimates. If the committee spent more on the classes they would receive more in grants. scaooL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE. REVISED SCALE FOR CERTIFICATED ASSISTANT TEACIIERS.

The School Management Committee recommended that the scale of salaries adopted by the committee at their meeting on the 14th May be amended, so that (a) in applying the scale for certificated assistant teachers to new appointments, every five years of approved ser- vice as a certificated teacher be eounted as one year of service under this committee for the purpose of fixing the commencing salary'; and that this do apply to all teachers appointed since the Ist April, 1903 ; and (b) ir applying the scale for teachers who become certificated whilst in the service of the committee, every five yearst of approved service as an assistart teacher in a school or schools in the Borough be counted as one year of service under this committee for the purpose of fixing the commencing salary as a certificated teacher. With reference to the annual increases of salazy due to assistant teachers, the Director was instructed to com- municate with the managers of the schools, asking them to furnish the committee with a report as to the service of each teacher entitled to an increase. A report having been presented as to the classes held for acting teachers, the Director was requested to write to those teachers who had neither joined the classes nor answered the communication sent to them in accordance with the decision of the committee at their meeting on the sth November last, asking for an ex- planation of their non-attendance at the classes. The committee considered the annual reports of the Board of Educationon the various elementary schools, and noticing tbat. in raany, the various comments were clue to the lack of school accommodation, it was resolved, tbat this Committee urge upon the Sites and Buildings Committee the necessity of proceeding imreedately with the provision of further school accommodation.

The committee also recommended that the following scale of salaries be adopted:— Under 150 scholars in average attendance, men, mini- mum £l5O, maximum £175 ; women, minimum £lOO, maximum £l2O.

F”om 151 to 200 in average attendance, men,minimum £l5O. maximum £200; women, minimum £i 05,maximitin £l3O.

From 201 to 250 in average attendance, menaiainirnum £ll5, maYimum £225; women minimum £llO, maxi- mum £l4O.

From 251 to 300 in averageattenda.nce, mem,matimum £2OO, maximum £250; women, minimum £ll5, maxi- mum ,£l5O.

From 301 to 400 in average attenclance,men. minimum £225, maximum: £275; women minimum £l2O, maximum 21.60.

From 401 to 500 ia average attaaciance, men, miui- mu m £250, maximum £300; women, miaimum £l3O maximum.£l7o.

Over 53t in average attendance to be fixed by filo committee as required.

The salariee of headmasters, in each else, will be in- creased by £5 annually for the first four years, and then by 21_13 until the maximum is reached. The salaries of head mistresses, in each case will be increased by £5 annually. The Ray. MORCZY STEVEN3ON. in moving the adop- tion of the minutes, referred to the proposed alteration in the scale of salaries foreertitlrsatedassistant teachers The &sleet, he said, was partly to remove an iniusase and partly to increase the supply of teachers, which was sorely needed. Pat briety the scheme was tisis: If a teacher under the old plan, applied for a situation at Wareington, although he or she might have had some years of experience and be a valuable teacher, yet he or she bad to begin at the bottom of the ladder, just the same ale teacher at the commencement of his or her career. That did not seem to be just. An expeeienced teacher was worth mote than an inexperienced teacher, and the arraegement previously in existence. seriously impeded the flow of teachers in the town.. Several experienced teaehere applied for sitnatione, and seemed very preTising. All went well until they said "What are you going to give us for our past years' experience ?" We said " Nothi ! " Then they wished us "Good-bye." The insufficient sepply of teachers in the town was very serious. At tbe present time they were 25 teechers short of the required /Limber. That would give some idea of the great need of increasing the supply. With regard to the second port:on of the resolution, the committee thought also that was a fair and just amendment. -It was in favour of those who had become cettificated whilst in the employrneat of the committee. The com- mittee thought that their years of service es uncertcated teachers ought not to pass without some reco,goition. Some of the tetehees who were now trying vary heed—and be hoped successfully—to gain the Government certificate had been doing good service in the town for a great namher of yeare, and ie would seem hard rot to ra3KO some recognition of the years of service theyhad given. It was proposed that every five years of service should count as else year in the increase of their salaries. The resolution urging upon the Sites and Buildings Committee the nacess.tv of proceeding immediately with the provision of I:hither school accommodation, was an innocent looking one, but he would like to eraphaeize the importance of it. , They WO:9 receiving almost every day, certainly every week, complaints from the Board of Educaion, and from the inspector of the crowded character of their schools—the accommodation of the schools being exceeded. It was true that they required several more schools in the borough, and that was a need which had existed not fey months hut yeare,and it placed the com- mittee in a very difficult position. On the one hand they were seolded hecaose they crowded the schools, and on the otherhand, if they retooled to admit children the questies was asked "I want to knew why Mary Jane has been excluded." Thsy were between the devil and the deep sea; he would not say which was which —(laaghter;—laut they thought that, being between that unpleasant alternative it was wetter to jump into the water, and consequently they crowded the schools rather than cee the children In the streets. They I wanted to bring to bear on the Sites and Buildings ' Committee all the pressure they could to induce them to get to work as stuickly as possible, as the need was very piessirg. It was not at all imerobahle that if steps were not taken soon they might be mulcted in the loss of the Government grant. With reference to the resolution relating to the salaries of head teaehers,Mr. Stevenson explained that it had been drawn up with the greatest possible care. and, compared with the scale in other towns, it would be found to compare favourably wick them. The scale was not extravagant, and he did not think it was unjust. He called it a fair sale, but it ought to meet with the easeful consideration of the committee before it Ras passed. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY seconded b, motion for the con- firmatien of the minutes. Mr. MAY emphasized vshat had been said in regard to the provision of additional elementary school accom- modation. But the committee were putting the cart before the horse, as they were proeiding secondary education before they bad adequately met the reeds of elerneetary education. The ratepayers were not pro- perly considered, inasmuch as it was not for the School Management Committee to dictate to the representatives of the ratepayers as to how much should be spent on this or that. He was so:1y they were se inadequately represented as to allow a sub-committee to dictate— The CHAIRMAN :I don't:think you ought to make such a remark, as thete are 22 members of this committee on the School Management Committee. I protest, against such ramarirs as yours being made with refer- ence to any committee. - - - -

Mr. M klr: I propose with reference to ti.e resolution that Mr. John Upson and the Diract3r b 3 appointed to vis:t the Publishers' Exhibition at 2ortsfnuath during Easter week, that no deputation be sent. I do not want to send a deputation to an exhibition at tile rat,epayers' expense. _ _

The CITA/R:IILN : Any one sezend ? , Thera was no rvly. The CITA TRMAN : It falls to the ground. The minutes were then agreed to. NEGLIGENT PARENTS BEFORE THE BENCH. "THE MAGISTRU`gS NOT DO(Net THEIR DUTY."

Mr. RmszToN. in the abience of Councillor Ellison. moved the confirm. 'en of. the re'nates of the School Attecdance Committee. The Cemmittee, be said were not quite sat:sfied w:th the relay% of ;he prosecutions before the magistrates. The CBWI sent before the magistrates Ice:* all of a very bad descriptior. and the magistrai,cA ware not eoing their daty. The Committee was quite as anxions as the Scheel Maregemen't; Com- mittee that EC:IOJ3S gbCfold b 3 built as rapidly as possible. There was a pre3sing need for further accom- modati6n, and the difficalty of gett: lg children admit- ted cropped up week after week. The comnsunic!a.Jou r3ceived wlth reference to St. Ann's school was an imnortant one, but until the reply of the managers was received he would net comment upon it. Mr. MAY seconded and the minutes were carried. THE MAYOR AND SCHOOL ACCOMMODATION. The MAYOR moved the confirmation of the minutes of the Sites and Buildings Committee, and alluded to a letter that had been submitted from Mr. Richards(H.M. Inspector), intimating his willingness to visit the schools with the members of the committee. His Wor- ship said that the visits had been made, and the com- mittee did their best to attend upon the Inspector. With reference to the resolution of the School Manage- ment Committee urging upon the Sitc,s and Buildings Committee the necessity ofproceeding immediately with the provision of further school accommodation he wished to say that the Matter had been discussed, and that they were doing their best to carry out the request The Town Clerk and Borough Surveyor had been in- structed to look out for sites in every possible part of the town. They believed they had secured one site in Winvvick road—the site of the Old Pottery. That course was being taken in every part of the town.

Councillor JAMES EVANS sended. Mr. C. H. UNSWORTH asked for information with reference to an item of £l2O for preparinr, plans. The MAYOR explained that the commital ordered the Borough Surveyor to prepare plans of all the schools

===== 0002601_19040227_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
nwAIPZIRE

===== 0002601_19040227_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
in the town, in consequence of the alterations that had been made in some since the plans were prepared and also in view of the committee's position with reference to fair wear and tsar. The work could not be done in the Borough Surveyor's office, and it had to be spread out amongst the other architects of the town; and the sum named by Mr. Unsworth was the cost incurred. Mr. UNSWORTH : lam quite satisfied. The minutes were passed and the committee then rose.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TO BECOME A MILLIONAIRE.

There areas many recipes for the performance of this trick as there are for the making of cakes. "Practice all the virtues," says one. "Deny yourself," advises another; "fight against every instinct of your nature which costs either money or time; work and save ; aid when you are very old and about to die you shaLl have the gratification of being envied for your res." Another man who has amassed more than a million by trade and is still under fifty, says : " Never manu- facture anything; buy cheaply. sell dearly, and give no credit." A Ohioago millionaire attributes his success to his habit of regarding every man as a thief until he has proof of his honesty—a cynical perversion of- the older and more charitable plan of regarding every man as honest until he proves himself the reverse. Clearly,the wise ones who would teach us how to become million- aires are very numerous and no two of them tender the same advice.

All these teachers may be right, though it is more probable that all of them are wrong. But one thing is sure—no man ever yet became a millionaire as a result of following advice,however good that advice might be. Another thing equally certain is that no dyspeptic has ever been known to acquire a fortune; his headache, wearieess, and depression make it impossible. It would ssem, therefore, that a good first step towards success is investment in a bottle of Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, and so insure freedom from indigestion. "For sixteen years I suffered from indigestion, at times so severely that I could not work." Thus writes Mr. Joseph IVlullens, of the Post Office, Tatsfield, Sarrey, on 16th October, 1903. Mr. Mullens continues : "Whatever I ate was sure to cause me great pain. I was much troubled with violent head- aches and dizziness. Asif this were not enough foe MO to endure, I suffered from frequent attacks of billowi- ness, which badly affected my sight. Some medicine proscribed for me by a doctor having failed to do me any good, I was induced to tev Mother Seigel's Syrup, and very soon found relief. The pain after eating, the headache, aad dizziness all left me. Soon I could enjoy my food as I had not done for yeirs, and a very few battles were sufficient to make me as well as ever I was in my life. Iswould not on any abcount be ,without some of the Syrup at band in case of need." Many people are pravented from acquiring wealth only by HI-health, while some who acquire it lose their health in its pursuit, and so derive no benefit from their success. The remedy is to act as Mr. Miallens did.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

FREE TRADE AND PROTECTION—A public debate will take place on Monday evening in the Providence school- room the subject arising out of the above being "Would Mr. Chamberlain's proposals benefit the working class or otherwise ?"—Mr. McDermott will endeavour to prove that they will do so, and he is expected to be supported in this idea, by Messrs. H. E. Hughes. H. J. Westbrook and others, whilst Mr. E. Lloyd Jones will on the other hand endeavours to show the fallacy of such ideas and will be supported by Messrs J. Sherburn, E. England, J. Brown and others. The chair will be taken.at 7.30 by Mr. J. H. Clarke the chairman of the Parish Council.

WEDDING AT HILL CLIFFE.—A wedding took place on Thursday morning at Hill Cliffe Chapel, the.parties being Mr. Wilson Astbury, formerly of Warrington, but now of Bolton, and Miss Annie Arnold, the third daughter of the late Mr. William Arnold, master monu- mental mason of Stockton Heath.—The best man was Mr. B. S. Newcombe and the chief bridesmaid Miss Evelyn Arnold the youngest sister of the bride. The Rev. J. S. Hughes, who happens to be the brother-in- aw of the happy bride, officiated at the ceremony. EBENEZER WESLEYAN CHAPEL.—Theannual tea party and distribution of prizes in connection with the Sun- day school was held on • Thursday evening. About 70 eat down to tea, the tables being presided over by Mesdames Moss, Proud, Summerfleld,and Berry,assisted by the Misses E. Proud, A. and Strange. The Revs. G. H. Carnson and Joseph Howard. An entertainment was afterwards held, the Rev. J. Howard presiding. Mr. H. Brereton (secretary) presented his annual report which showed that the school was in a flourishing state. The Chairman delivered an address in which he made special reference to the excellent report,and spoke words of encouragement to the parents and scholars. Mr. S. B. Stringer (superintendent of the school) also addressed the gathering on Sunday school work, and Mr. A. Lamplugh gave a brief review of the history of Methodism in Warrington. Fify-one prizes were distributed by the Rev. Jos. Howard, and after- wards Mr. S. Moss alluded to the encouraging pros- pects of Methodism in Stockton Heatia.—Songs were very creditably rendered by Mrs. Hodgson, and Miss M. Evaes, and the choir sang "The Glory Land" with good effect.—Miss Elsie Miller presided at the organ. A vote of thanks were accorded to the Chairman and all who had assisted.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

SACRED HEART CATHOLIC CLUB v. WIDNES ST. MARY'S.

This return match was played at the rooms of the former, and endedin a win for St. Mary's by 27 points. Scores : SACRED HEART. ST. MARY'S. P. George lOO R. Fox 57 J. GI bbins T. Corless P. Whelan A. Jones lOO F. McKinley H. Paton 62 J. Dwyer lOO B.Crank J. Rossitter C. Mounfield BB R. Baker lOO H. Walsh 92 J. Sunderland H. Murray lOO J. Crowe 95

977 1,004 LATCHFORD BAPTIST INSTITUTE v. ST. HILDA'S. At Latchford. Scores :

LATCHFORD. ST. HILDA'S. A. Fletcher 62 J. Grounds T. Dixon 75 J. Pevitt 2B J. H. Buckley J. B. Wilkinson 75 H. Critchley 29 H. Rathbone 5B F. Griffiths 75 J- Albinson 54 T. Roberts 75 E. Cliff 75 E. Leigh 57 P. Williams J. Wilkinson

... 608 499 At St. Hilda's. Scores : ST. HILDA'S. LATCHFORD. J. Tongue 43 A. Fletcher F. Leigh E. Norbury J. Griffiths H. Critchley H. Drummond 75 A. Albinson 57 T. Roberts J. Grounds

481 Majority for Latchford on two games 191. _ _

Sir Leslie Stephen's "An —Agnostic's Apology," which has gone through several expensive editions, is now being issued unabridged by Messrs. Watts and Co., as one of the R.P.A. Sixpenny Reprints. The same pub- lishers are also adding to tke R.P.A. Extra Series" New Light on Old Problems," by Mr. John Wilson, M.A. Each reprint has a striking portrait of the author on the cover. Among other new works from the same press are "The Bible Untrustworthy," by Mr. Walter Jekyll, M.A., being a reply to the Bible League; and "The tiammurabi Code and Sinaitic Legislation,"by Mr. Chilperio Edwards..

===== 0002601_19040227_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
40, ' (i 7 ' * ' ';' 7-1. n •,...,'„:'„ ~11.:,, ~, , ,:., .. ~,_,, ...___ L „„ :, ~,, ~,e,,,,,,,,,, ~,..! ~, .-. - ~ t,f4 0 1 9 (,<L,'- S -: ,J, 1 r,l ~,-,i '. .4 Y. ' '...'..:0; ' ' .!J ". "../ kJ L.,.,

eV" 77) 3 (7•4 AI 9 §L,,Vk\\ALet- " 6

===== 0002601_19040227_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

===== 0002601_19040227_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
PASSIVE RESISTANCE.

Lecture at Wycliffe Memorial Buildings.

Eleven passive resisters will, it is expected, be sum- moned before the Warrington magistrates next month. On Wednesday evening a well-attended meeting was held in Wycliffe Memorial Hall, when the Rev. J. S. Hughes delivered a lecture on" Passive. Resisters : Past and present." Mr. N. Bairn ford, president of the War- rington Citizens' League, presided, and in the course of a brief speech, said that passive resistance to-day needed no apology. It had come to stay until its work was done, and already there were signs of success. In spite of the letters from the Archbishops down to curates and assistant curates, from North, 'East, South and West, they were going along swimingly, and there was no danger of their being swamped. Already about 11,000 summonses had been issued, and six resisters had gone to prison. The REV. J. S. HUGHES then delivered the lecture which has been prepared by "The Crusader." It dealt with passive resistance, as displayed at various periods of our national history. It was pointed out, wrongly imagined in some quarters that such a method of pro- test was peculiar to the pursent day. As a matter of fact, the Christians of AMlostic times suffered by the spoiling of their goods and, indeed, rejoiced that they were counted worthy to suffer such a shame. A critic of the movement now in progress was recently roused to mirth on the occasion of the sale by auction of a kettle and alrabbit hutch. To an outsider, there might seem to be only a kettle, only a rabbit hutch. To the resister, and to all who understood the protest,there was an important and vital principle involved ; and the goods were but mere symbols of treasures of far higher value and worth. Behind the chattels of the resister there was the enraged conscience. John Hampden was doubtless ridiculed because he resisted the payment of a paltry twenty shillings as ship-money. George Fox objected to the taking of a mere oath because his con- science forbade him; and thousands of martyrs had suffered by flame and sword, preferring death to recantation, though it involved but the utterance of a single word. The lecturer then proceeded to briefly sketch the lives of men who might be called "passive resisters" of the past, commencing with the refusal of the barons, with Wycliffe and the Commons, to pay tribute demanded from England by Pope Urban the Fifth. The bold stand was decisive; and from that time no demand was ever again made by the Pope for tribute from the realm of England. Coming to the pre- sent day, it was stated that the Education Act of 1902 provided for the destruction of one of the ehief safe- guards of the nation's liberty; that was, the full repre- sentative control of publicly-provided funds. It undermined the primary right of man in society to the free use of his own conscience in the things which '- pertained to religion. Again, it felled at one stroke the strong'and well-constructed education ediflce,vvhieh had taken the State more than a quarter of a century to erect; but, worst of all, the Government undertook this prodigious work of reaction and ruin without any request from the nation, and simply because it had at its disposal the heavy war battalions enlisted at the last General Election. Under the new Act Nonconformists would have to pay for the maintenance of 11,000 denominational schools in which dogmatic teaching was given, which was directly contrary to th ir sincere and conscientious belief, and against which their very Nonconformity was a standing protest. In seven thousand parishes, Nonconformist parents would be compelled to send their children to, and contribute to the support of, a school where the children were taught to despise the religion of their parents. Sixteen thousand head teacherships would be absolutely closed to Noncon- formists by means of religious" tests," although all the teachers were now public servants of the State. This was a distinct bribe held dazzlingly before the eyes of young Nonconformists to forsake the faith of their fathers, and so gain much-coveted promotion. In eleven thousand schools Nonconformist teachers would not even be appointed to subordinate posts except by special favour.

The lecture was illustrated with lantern views. At the close the Rev. J. S. HUGHES said he had received a letter from the Rev. John Yonge expressing regret that owing to an engagement at Pemberton he could not be present. He wanted it to be known that he was in full sympathy with the movement. He objected very much to anyone entertaining the idea that he was opposed be prcssive resistance, and it was only the position in which he was placed that precluded him from taking:an active part in it. He (the speaker) was-sure their friends would be glad of that eapression, for'Mr.Yonge had ever been in the van-guard for religious liberty.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
A WONDERFUL STORY.

Arany women will read with pleasure and profit the story of Miss L. Williams, Hill Cottage, Cwmyoy Lower, Abergavenny. Miss Williams certainly is in a position to advise her suffering sisters, and her experi- ence should be a guide to all who have similar troubles. "I had for a long time been troubled with Palpitation of the Heart, and T was also subject to Headache Dizziness, Parched dry Throat, bad taste in the mouth and furred tongue. A was greatly troubled with pains across my back, lots of memory, fainting fits, and I used to be so tired and languid that I could do nothing, and the least excitement set my heart palpitating violently. I took Dodd's Kidney Pills, and they so•ri put me right, aid though I have tried various medicines, these Pills were the only remedy that did me any good. They completely cured rue,and I can recommend them." There is really no leason why any woman should con- tinue to suffer, for Dodd's Kidney Pills will cure all such cases, and they are for sale wherever medicine is sold.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
PERKETIL

BAND CONCERT.--The people of Penketh have come to expect something special in connection with the concerts promoted by the Penketh Tannery Prize Band, and it is pleasing to note that they are rarely dis- appointed. The gathering on Friday night last, despite the extremely wet weather, was a very large one, and testified to the popularity of the concerts of the Band Committee. The programme opened with a well exe- cutea selection by the band. "Recollectidns of Flotow," and this was followed by a song by Mr. F. Fieldhouse"Soldier's Song" which was well received. Mr. W. Rimmer of Southport, the well known bands- man, favoured the audience with two cornet solos 'Carnival de Venice," and "Click, Clack polka." He was accompanied by Miss Rimmer on the pianoforte, and his very artistic performance was greatly appreciated. Miss Arline Harrison, is possessed of a captivating manner,as well as a very clear and sweet voice, and was quickly on good terms with the audience. Encores were demanded for her two songs "Love's Ransom," and " Love the Pedlar." A novel feature in this neigh- bourhood was the performance of Mr. W. Whittaker, whose two whistling solos "Stars and Stripes," and "Under the Double Eagle," were very popular, and he received a well earned encore. Mr. F. Fieldhouse's other song " The Toreador," was rendered with vigour and effect, and another selection by the band" Aria Bolero," was a well executed effort. Special mention should be made of the quartette, of bandsmen, namely, Messrs. F. Glover, H. Glover, A. Bowyer, and H. Plumpton, who rendered the difficult piece" Ii Trove- tore,' in a very efficient manner. Mr. W. Higham was in charge of this item. No concert, in the opinion of Penketh audiences, is complete without a humourist, and the selection of Mr. Arthur Bearle, to fill this role, wasa good one, and he earned repeated encores for his very funny turns. Mr. W. Kendrick officiated as accom- panist throughout.

Touches ti:

UNDS.

'' i' .1..T,t".,; . ' e•-•,,7,-;,-,.-..,;:i-_,;4-,..,!.'37'0,,, l' l', --,..... Lf‘ ', •••ft., is

===== 0002601_19040227_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NIEMEN

===== 0002601_19040227_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
, ;' A:Lk ppoip_

"tb,

I

===== 0002601_19040227_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
tht " o:anuner ssoertes

WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINEE." published every Saturds— morning. T" EARI.ESTOWN A.ND NEWTON EX A. AMER, published every Friday afternoon. rrEIE "ST. HELENE EXAMINER,' published every -L Friday afternoon.

rap: "RUNCORN ExLnuNza,"!•publiehed every Friday afternoon.

rplE TIDNHEI EXAIitIrEB.," published every Friday afternoon.

PREP AID ADVERTISEMENT AP ARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES' WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEIUS 0/ANTS ARTICLES FUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Week.

Three Weeks.

Six Weeks.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
words.

18 27 sg 45 S 4

===== 0002601_19040227_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
DomeOtt Otrbants. etr

WANTED, GENERAL SERVAN I'. and to gait at table, also youth under 20 —BRIDGE HOTEL, Bedford.

WANTED HOUBS-PARLOURMAID • three in family. wages £lB.--Mrs. CoLT.D9,6. Waterloo Road, Chester. A ily ANTED a General SERVANT.smaII family, plain conk- ing. no chiliren.—Mrs. WRIGHT, Restrigg, Hoy lake. WANTI-CD a good small family,pNin cooking. small wash.-Vre. ADDOCK3,Langton Rd,Newßrighton

WANTED good GENTCRAL.—AopIy-stating age. WRROS and references. to 9, KEIGICLEY RD, Colne. Lancashire

AITITIT Mi TCD d3le-AgedAßß Servant. WOMAN.—Applv J, teoN,Ragle and Child.Bispham, near Ormskirk.

WANTRD, at once 0001C-GRNRRAL, age 27; good. reference required.-68 HIGH LANs. Choriton-cum- Hardy, Manchester.

ANTED. GENHR AL SERVANT, one able to do small W vragb 86e. —Apply Mrs:HARRIS Cycle Depot, Grange road, West Kirby,

jAIANIED. goon i GENERAL SERVANT, plain cooking • no washing.-173, WITHINGTON B OAD, W hat ley Range, Manchester.

WANTED OOOK-414413RAL at once ; one Rho can cook, two in f %mily ; housemaid. kept.—Apply Mrs. PicltEursci, Rainhill.

AILTANTHD, COOK-GRNIMAL ; family 3 ; Housemaid- V Waitress kept ; £18; refereuce.—Pdt's WILLMER, The Butts House, Rochdale.

WANTIM Younz GRNBRA.L with goorl r.ference •, three in family : no children ; country girl preferred.-17, CrMBERLAND ROAD, Sonthport.

HOUSEMAlD:together family 3, Cook general CIOOK and ‘-) girls and Housemaids wanted.—MßS. CLARKE'S Registry, Edgeley, Stockport.

_ WANTI3I3 A 0.1071411A1, ElititVA.NT ; age 20 to 30 years to undertake all duti.s for family of two,—Apply Mrs Cholev. BP.INDLU Windsor road. ,

ViANTED, Willing, active GIRL (17-20) to train es Gener,l. Private family of three, £3 103.—Mrs. CVNLIFFE,6 Oxford road, Blackpool.

WANT, several young COOK-GRNRR 4.LS and other private servants ; good wages . state particulars. DEAN, 31, Talbot road, Blackpool. AVANTRD GIRL about lc-la vearpi for housework. Family three. Two lady helps kept.— Mrs, ELTON, 34 Oak Road, Withington,Maneheater. ANTED. a good GRNBRA.L for a family of two; able VT to cook, wash and Iron; age about 30.—Apply HILL CREST, Lower Walton, Warrington.

wANTED strong GENERAL SERVANT ; help glvrn. Write age. wares reqalrel, anl reference, to Mrs. MITCHELL, 21. Park lane, Bradford.

WANTI4I3, 30 Gook-Generals. Honsernald-Waitressns £2O to £36; also 20 Generals PRE9TON'3 REoisTRY, Charles-strePt, Blackpool.

WARTFIO. an experienced NURSE (younc), for bahy and little girl aged six.. -Apply Mrs. HUMBER, Myer - congh Helm, St. Armes road East. St. Annes.

IWANTED for Eth March, HOLT SEMAID-W AITRRSS ; two In family ; good references required.—Mrs. F., 21 Lancaster road, Btrkdale, Southport. --

WANTBD respectable CIHNBRAL for small family; able to wash; good wages to suitablr. person.—Apply Mrs. GRIFFITHS, 5, Hamilton square, Birkenhead.

WANTBD r,tronv GIRL about 18 or 17 to assist in house- work. One from the country preferred. Reference. Address 6 UPPER GEORGE STREET, Tyldeslev.

BLACKPOOL and District Hotel Agency, want several experienced Hotel Servants for Baster season and permanent, —Apo/77 31, TILBIT ROAD, Blackpool.

COOK-GRNBRATS, Kitchenmsids, and Generals Wanted; good references indispensab'e. MRS. FARNWORTII, 60. Bark street. Bolton. Lancashire. Stamp for reply. - . .

ATANTRD General SERVANT. exnerienced, to undertake all duties, sin family. very small wash. Wages £l6. Apply by letter Mrs. LEACH. 61 Botanic road. Liverpool.

ANTFID. immediatelv GEIVCRALS, goasernalds Lvindrv-maids ; grond sitnAtiona for crirls not expert- ence4.—THE OXTON REGIeTTSV, York Place, Birkenhead!.

QVCRVANTS WANTED, Cooks, Housemaids, and Gen Praia. k 7 exeellent situations now vac.nt.—Apply MISS Bnommtr. Empress Chambers, Church Street, Blackpool.

WA.NTRO, resoect)bla GIRL, out 16. for Housework ; four in family ;no young nhildran ; a good home; reference required —Arply MEECH, 41, B trker et., Oldham. LL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country or town public and private.—calt or write Miss HUIRISON'S (only office). 6,oldbam street, Manche3ter. Established 1862

WANTRD for March 2nd or 14th or earlier, a Good GENRRAL, family three, no washing, wages £l6 to £20.--Mrs. GRANDY, 'Springfield, Heywood, nr Manchester.

WANTRD GHNIMAL able to wash ; Yo "also unq Girl to train as Housemaid, must be strong ; referencs; required. Apply Miss FEiRENSIDP, 589, Stretford road, Manchester.

WANTED GENHE AT, small family.—Apply, in first instance, by letter only. 'Wing age, experience and wages, to Mrs. HUMPHREYS, 28, Richmond Grove West- Longsight, Manchester.

WANTED GRVBRAL and Efonsemaid for couple, Two izener,lB nsPd to bar. Girl 18, for house and shop. 30 servants wanted, beet plsces.—Write WHARTMCS. 19. Stretford read, Manchester.

ALL CLASSES OF MIT ATIONS, private and public, good home.. ercellent Wafire places in town,countrv. and seaside.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street. Manchester.

LADY accustomed to a gond house seeks post as thoroughly domesticated good LOOK; needlewoman ; trustworthy and reliable ; highest references.-25, ADDISON ROAD, Garstanct road, Preston.

_ COORS, Waitresses, S.wingrnaids, Housemaids, Nurses, Kitchentnisids, Uncierhnusernaids, Betweenmaids, Generals, good ch,racte-s indisnAnsable.—BgiTFlELD, Victoria Registry, 26 Victoria street, Manchester.

C"IC4 WANTRD £2O to £24. Housemaid Waitress £lB to £22, Generals £lB to £2O. Girls P. 14, excellent places. No connection with any other office. —Write to HARxisoN'S 6, Oldham street, Manchester. _ __......

WANTRD. immediately, all CIAS9H3 of superior STIR- VINT4. Good reliable situations. Cooks, House- maid-Waitresses, Kitchen-maids. and superior Generals.— Mrs. READ'S Select Registry, Rusholme, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
ii/ouses anb tanb on ale.

*UDR SALE. 118, Eastbourne road. Birkdale. Small Bijou 12 Detached residence.all conveniences.—Apply 56, CLARE- MONT-ROAD, BirkdFde, Southport.

QEITHRAL sound payinj house and shoo properties for salb k-/ &leap in Manchester and suburbs.—Applv to Messrs. MORLEY CLARKE AND PENDLEToN, Civil Bngineers and Architect', Cleveland Buildincrs 94. Market st., Manchester.

rpwo HOtJS. N 0... 244 and 24b, Alexandra road, South- port ; leasehold, 59 years to run ; rental £llO ; price moderate. Add reas Mrs. Mc °massif , 28, Croxteth- grove. Liverpool.

FDR IA.LII, MODI4RN HOUSB, No. 39, Westtymrne road, Birk.%le, cmtaining large hall, thres entertaining seven bed rooms. large billiard-room ; sea view ; near golf inks.—Apply Rlmmas and LEWIS, Warwick at., Southport.

rro BB SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive J_ Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards at Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. HONING, 'AB Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

A BSOLUTBLY SOUND but very cheap PROPBRTIKS for immediate SA.LH for cash : A grand Block of 'Flats, W.C. district. producing nearly £330 a year profit for 62 years,will be sold outright for £l5OO, paying nearly 23 per cent., without a mortgage or charge of any kind; the cheapest lot h Londln. Splendid Block of Weeklies, at Peckham, proinning about 1550 a year clear, for 71 years; pries £3,500 right out ; no mortgage. Cheap Bstate at Canning Town; about £3O clear, for 73 years to run ; price £425 right out; will allow £230 at 5 per cent. per annum if desired. House, R.C. district, prolucing about £45 per annum clear, for 77 years; price £195, right out. Two Houses at Match% Vale. producing about £l5O a year clear; price £295 right out; no mortgage. Buyers call or write 4 George street, opposite Gower street Metropolitan Kly. Station, or Telephone 396 King's Cross.

apartment 4 furnober "IlloTtOtl etc

300r5e5, arriagegc at

lIGHT Two-wheeled VAN on AL t, splendid condition.— HGNEYFORD. Greetby Hill, Ormski rk.

ON SALE CHESNUT PONY, 12 hands, tine action. 7 years —GASKELL, 338. Wigan Head, Brynn, near Wigan.

RALLI OAR(Windover)for sale cheap;can be seen any day GRADWELL & WAREFIELD,Brook rd,Gorton,Manchester.

'TAN NOR SALB,light, and easy running, roomy on crank' V axle; excellent coadltion.—T. W. Duminfar, Tarp or ley. Cheshire.

HORSH, 17 hands, gears and Lurry almost new, To be seen working, £43.-4, MARGARET STREET, West Gorton. Manchester.

Q INGLE BROUGHAM, London make ; rubber tyres 0 brake luggage basket, Icc ; price 250, cost £170.--178 WinirsGrom ROAD, Whalley Range. Manchester.

CIARRIAGEIS.-100 new and second-hand, of every die- cription. at lowest prices.—GRANT. carriage builder, 259, Oxford road, near Owens College, Manchester. Established 1870.

VORRWOMAN WANTBD. for Wash-house.—Apply STEAM 1: LAUNDRY, W ilderepool.

EXPERIENOHD MILLINER Wanted.—Apply SIMTHS Sankey otret. W.rrington.

TIiAMSMAN WANTED; must he a gold plouglimaum sw cottage close to work.—Apply B. LITTLER, Hapsford, near Helsby, Warringlon.

Pu AkiTED a married man as I'ICANISMA.C4, Cottage and Garden on ?firm. Apply JOHN RICHARDSON, Farmer Knowsley near Frescot.

A GENTS WANTED; Kyl-Kol, 6d. packet saves ton of CI coal; one agent's profit one week £lO 10s. ; you can do WB.-0. A. Houvr, Doncaster.

gr,o be let. .

TTLRT, 15, FOLLY LXNR.--Avolv WowsAND ON Solicitors, Horsemarket stre.t. Warrington.

rpo LET. BUTCHER'S and GROCER'S SHOPS, with good _leonntry honses.—Rcwortmn.24,Tvldeslev road, Blackpool

TILEETWOOD.—HOUSE and SHOP TO LET, with con 12 fectioner's bake-oven, in Radcliffe road.—Apply M. S. GAIYLTER, Belmont, Fleetwood.

TO BUILUlittS.—LAnd bi ler, tor buildin purposes In and adj-ining Viet wall Old roarl.Latchfor and near tram terminus and new works. Far plans and furthet particulars apply to Messrs. R9BERT DAVIES & Co., Solicitors. Warrington.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
ifievionwiMiiilni%lll

The Examiner, Saturday, February 27, 1904.

ICsrellanous, On g'ale, err.

I_l AY.—ALDERcoN BRoTHERC, Direct Importera, 25 Brasenose road, Liverpool.

;iiiiiisttlianous, oaleg, tie.

ft PICTORIAL FAIRY BOOKS 6d poet free; A. 27A, Swan tl Street. London, S. R.

H R UMATIS Ni.—Physician's Prescription, P.O. BROWN, 8, Upcerne road, London. S.W.

IiIIINTING.-250 Memos, Billheads, or Cards. 2s. 3d.; 1_ samples free —RYLEY, Printer. Wimbourne.

rAPANIIISH INVISIBLK INK. Complete with developer 7d. Post free.—M. ByttNr,s3,Brunswiek Place,London N.

JOHN WALKER & CO., EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY, STREET,

W ARRINGTON, POSTERS A SPECIALITY

I=Fr.D,

===== 0002601_19040227_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
BUY, Quinine pessaries, Rubber goods, Surgical appliance of YEARCE, Chemist, Exeter. Lists free.

TION'T cut your nails, but use our Nail Files, 9d. dozen. —SHARAtiag, 148 Old street, London.

FFRIiE TO ALL.—Write for patterns, 655. suits for 259. 6d. —WOOD dr Co., 43, Grace street, Leedi.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
P.ItOFITABLB Turf information daily, six messages, 10s. P.O.—BROWN, 8 Upcerne road, London, S.W.

MUSIC, Battle March of Delhi, post free, 4d., LINSTEAD, 105, Thorpedale road, Flusbury park, London.

TAMPS, half catalogue, and discouut, bargains. Coßec- k) Lions bought.—Tnomas, II Kelross Road, London.

I)APIlit and BAGS.—Prlnters and Stationers should write, 1. CROCKER, Newhall street, Birmingham,for prices, &c.

PPRINTB BAGEL-31s. cwt.; splendid quality; cash with D order —liEwasvms PRINTING Co., Newhaven, dussex

VDU INDIGESTION try NUVIGNA try sample bottle, 12 is. lid.—Homo SUPPLY Comperry,47,Fleet-st., London.

I IERTAIN CORN CURE.—Wittiout plaster,lotion or emetic k..) post free, 18.—W. P. BIRCH, 13 Grace Hill, Folkstone.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Alates hp Zurtion.

3tottig, pionras, ,isuartital (tab

VoultrP, eggs, ?Übe Stark dr.

[L,GGS.—Pure-bred BLA.OK SIINOROAS 49, a sitting ; in- epectioninvited,—Runmax, Mose Side, near Lytham.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

"OANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers well. " After ons dressine I found 133 dead next morn- ing."—J. Buss, Helethorpe, Leighton. " I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Poison."-0. Coot, Farmer, Ellesmere. " I destroyed 145 rats with it."--11. WILSON, OffOrd.—Send ls 2d to SANFORD & SONS, Sandy St,Beds. old by Chemists,

===== 0002601_19040227_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
gototko, ZuotntositO. etc.

TO BE SOLD, goo.l FISH, CHIP, and TRIPE BUSINESS. 1_ —Apply 122 a, DARLINGTON STREET, RSSt, Wigan.

SWHETS, Minerals, Ice Crearn.TobAeco,Cigare, Toys &e. A bargain.—T,ALLEN,6s,Conran St. Ilarpurhey Manchester

HANDBILLS, in large or small quantities cheap and effective. SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPTION BOOKS Printed. Bounl, Numbered and Perforated to order.

EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

miiMmonsialtwlt.too..

Oburatton.

KNIGHTSVILLE LADIES COLLEGE, Brookley, London. Student required ; Examinations ; woderate fees.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

FEBRUARY 27th 1904.

- A message from St. METHODS OF Petersburg has in- BARBARISM. formed the world that the To Deum had been sung at the Winter Palace in gratitude for the "Great Russian victory " at Port Arthur. Oatside of Russia nobody believes in great Russian victories. Admiral ALEXEIEFF is clearly not in- toxicated with joy over his very modest achieve- ments. In the face of the triumphant telegrams which announced the destruction of four Japanese battleships and two transports, the admiral does not know ho has destroyed anything except the four old merchantmen with which the Japanese tried to block the entrance of the haibour. They were sent there in order that they might be sank, and if the adventure has failed it is because they were not sunk in the right place. That is the whole extent of the "great Russian victory." Admiral ALEXEIEFF says three of his cruisers were recalled from pursuing the enemy that they might clear away the floating wreckage, and yet the: Russian telegrams talk as if the Russian fleet had steamed out and the Japanese fleet had run away. The fact is that the Japanese torpedo boats withdrew at their leisure. Even now, it is possible that the wreckage which has to be cleared away may prove to be exactly what the Japanese intended to leave behind. Admiral ALEXEIEFF says they /also left some "floating mines," and as the Russian ships have a knack of blowing themselves up with their own mines, they may be equally successful with the others. It is plain that Admiral TOGO can do nearly all he pleases at Port Arthur. For the purposes of sea power it is practically useless to Russis, and the Japanese Admiral can sail away for some little job elsewhere without any fear that the battered ships in the harbour will be fit for anything serious in his absence. The Vladivostok squadron, after sinking a Japanese merchantman, prudently returned to the shelter of the shore batteries. Whatever the Russian Army may do not a single cargo of supplies will react them by sea The coarse of events does not give us a favourable impression of Russian capacity— naval, military, or civil. Could any thing be more annoying than Admiral ALRXEIEFF'S pro- clamation to the Manchurians? Manchuria is a Chinese province, China is neutral in the present war. Therefore proclaims the Admiral, all Chinese officials in Manchuria, "instead of hinder- ing, must assist the Russian Army." The people are to be held responsible for tile safety of the railway and the telegraph lines, and extermin- ated without mercy if they "give evi- dence of hatred" to the Russian troops. And this monstrous order to a population which is not legally subject to the CZAR is issued in the name of a Government, which just had the effrontery to denounce Japan for violat- ing the laws of civilised nations. Here is a Power, which calls itself civilised, threatening to repeat the massacre of Blagovestchenck, where 12,000 Chinese men,women and children were deliberately murdered by the savage Cossacks of the peaceful CZA.R. There does not seem much prospect that Admiral ALEXEIEFF will harm the Japanese,but he can always have the glory of butchering the Chinese peasantry who refuse to defend the Russian Rail- way. His proclamation is only one more symptom of the chaos that reigns in the governing class of Russia, for it is not likely that the St. Petersburg Foreign Office when it addressed to the Powers the protest against the action of Japan in Korea had the slightest idea that they would be made still more grotesque by the lawless frenzy OfALEXEIEFF in Manchuria. The world now sees Russia as she really is, and is not going to cherish any more illusions about her strength or her capacity for civilization.

Mr. A. H. Crosfield practically opened his elec- tion campaign on Thursday evening when he de- livered a thoughtful and statesmanlike speech to the members of the Liseral Club. From now henceforth the work of organising the forces of the party and consolidating the rank and file of the Liberal electoran will proceed without intermission. Next week Mr. Cros- field will entertain the workers for the great bazaar to be held in October next, while on the 9th of March he will be present at a Liberal demonstration in Parr Hall to be address- ed by Mr. Howes, of the National Reform Union, and probably Sir John Brunner. In the mean- time it is important and interesting to note that Mr. Alexander Wilkie has declined the overtures of the Labour Representation Committee and definitely decided not to contest the Borough in the Labour interest. Very unwisely, in our view, and with small prospect of success, the Committee has decided to again approach the headquarters of Labour in London with a view to securing a Labour candi- date for Warrington. It is only a month or two sines we dealt fully with the question of Labour representation and pointed out the folly of the Labour Representation Committee in forcing a three cornered contest in 'Warrington, by which they stood to gain nothing and lose practically all they had, for there is 110 question that, as we stated on December 12th, in Mr. Crosfield they will find a man who is prepared to go a very long way with them towards the goal they desire to reach." In the course of his speech on Thursday evening Mr. Crosfield made the gratifying announcement that he had conferred with some of the most responsible and able Trades Union leaders in the town, with the result that they saw their way to work shoulder to shoulder with him in defence of all the legitimate de- mands of Trades Unions. Mr.Crosfield also declared his intention of giving Mr. Shackleton's Bill his whole-hearted support, so that there is no reason why he should not be looked upon almost as much a Labour as a Liberal candidate. This new and definite declaration of policy on Mr. Crosfield's part will do much to strengthen his position and render the misguided efforts of the Labour Repre- sentation Committee still more unnecessary and futile.

Some of the great Tory jugglers were occupying the boards at Parr Hall on Thursday evening and displaying their little tricks to a more or less admiring multitude. They had prepared a special programme for workingmen, who were invited by poster and placard, if they wanted fall employ- ment and good wages, to visit Parr Hall and "learn how." Whether they were any wiser after the event is open to doubt, for, specious and plausible as the arguments of the forensic jug- glers were, there was nevertheless an undercurrent of feeling in the minds of the workers that the new panacea for all the industrial evils might not be so effective in practice as it was made to appear in theory. Distrust of the Government—of Joseph and his brethi en,—has permeated the ranks even of the most loyal "true blues." They do not like the signs of the times and there was con- sequently a lack of real enthusiasm during Thurs- day evening's performance. Even an imposing platform of Primrose Leaguegrande dames did not inspire the necessary confidence, and many a listener probably wondered how many of these good ladies were dependent upon vested interests in some form or other. As friends of the workingmen they did not somehow appear to the best advantage.

We are glad to note that Mr. R. Pierpoint has made his position in regard to the fiscal question quite clear by declaring himself a follower of Mr. Chamberlain, and a " whole. hogger.' By doing so he leaves himself no loophole for escape, and the probabilities are that when the general election comes round he will regret not having hedged a little, as so many Conservative candi- dates are doing. To be associated with an unpopular and discredited cause is not an en- viable position to be in but it is one we can see Mr. Pierpoint occupying in the near future. There is nothing in the local member's speech of Thurs- tiay evening to indicate that he is at all conversant with the merits or demeiits of Free Trade. The nature of his arguments shows rather that he is bitten with the grand imperial idea of " Free Trade within the Empire" and stern seclusion from the rest of the commercial world, for he talks in round resonant generalities of the " Unity of the Empire," and " Preference to the Colonies," at the same time assuring his hearers that Mr. Chamberlain's proposals would not "affect by one farthing for the worse the food bill of any man in this country." Are we to take Mr. Pierpoint's zpse diit on this point ? Emphatically No ! Why, Mr Cnamberlain himself admits that the cost of living under his scheme will be greater, but he takes care to add that work and wages will in- crease in proportion, which, however, at the same time he fails to prove. How is it that Mr. Pier- point goes so far as to deny the possibility of any enhanced price of food when Mr. Chamberlain admits the contrary? Apparently our member is another of Joseph's brethren "in a hole." If the workingmen of Warrington are prepared to swallow statements of this kind then they are more easily gulled than we could have imagined. The probabilities are otherwise. One constituency after another is seeing the hollowness of the Chamberlain phantasy and we do not believe that Warrington will go to the poll with its eyes closed when the times comes.

Sir Howard Vincent painted the picture of our c‘nnmercial position very black indeed—in fact his audience must have involuntarily congratulated themselves on being able to eke out an existence at all. He could speak on behalf of his own con- stituents, he said. "For many weeks past,upwards of three thousand penniless families in Shaffield had been dependent on public subscription and philanthropy for one meal a day." All due to the blighting effect of Free Trade, of course. Let us look backward a little, the process is instructive. Protectionists and "Fair Traders" want to impose a tax on the importation of wheat in the interests of agriculture. In 1815, the nation had a bitter experience of this kind of Protection, for in that year a Corn Law was enacted and remained in operation until 1846. During these thirty years the landlords thrived and the people starved. Sheffield had 20,000 and Leeds had 30,000 people dependent on the rates, while whole families were compelled to live on bran. How does the • gallant Colonel reconcile these facts with his present pro- posals? In 1904 under Free Trade, there is not a man, woman or child who is not better off than he or she would have been under the old system which was called Protection, and which we are advised to return to. With such facts as these before them it will b 3 a difficult matter for "whole- hoggers ".such as Colonel Sir Howard Vincent and Mr. R. Pierpoint, M.P., to induce people to vote for putting a duty on foreign wheat i.e., levying a bread tax, or to support any such reactionary proposals as those which have originated in the fertile brain of the ex-Colonial Secretary.

There is one thing we can honestly congratulate Sir Howard Vincent upon, and that is his courage in boldly supporting the Proposed introduction of Chinese Labour into South Africa. He tells us it is absolutely necessary that labour " at present unobtainable should be introduced into South Africa for the development of her natural resources." The italics are ours. ; We could laugh, were the issues not so grave and full of peril and shame for this coßntry. Sir Howard complains bitterly of the aliens—the scum of the earth—invading thi country and driving English workmen out of ern ' ployrnent.With the same breath he approves of the introduction of yellow labour, under cunditions tantamount to slavery itself, into a British colony after we have spent 250 millions of pounds and sacrificed thousands of lives with the ostensible aim of relieving the oppressed Outlander. What a ghastly farce it all is ! Tommy Atkins will turn in his grave when he hears the soft tread of the heathen Chinee on the land he gave life itself to make free. This crowning infamy has sure y sounded the death knell of an iniquitous govern ment which has all along kow-towed to the " pe3 iferous cosmopolitans" of the Rand.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
sely, ;pect to r Lodi- two 'boar the rig_ a

)osing Id not nay a these rested of the -o the

aving candi- h an Ln en-

A our act his ulated stance a con-

)wards 'afield n and to the Let us uctive.

impose terests bitter in that led in

years tarved. people 3 were gallant at pro- s not a han he lysteni we are these whole- Int and ;o vote tying a. ionary in the

===== 0002601_19040227_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Speaking of Conservative demonstrations, we Tecollect a time—not very far back—when the •Junior Consarvatives of Warrington were glorying in the prospect of a visit from Mr. Winston Churchill, M.P. We are still anxiously awaiting the appearance of this militant young politician •on a Parr Hall platform. At the present juncture his views on the fiscal question would be of 'particular interest to a Warrington audience, and the Junior Conservatives would be doing a useful service in making immediate arrangements for the fulfilment of the engagement. Perhaps Lord Hugh Cecil could be induced to accompany Mr. Churchill. Whether their ideas on bad trade and its remedy would accord with those so confi- dently put forward by Sir Howard Vincent and Mr. Robert Piernoint,is, of course,another matter. 'Sir Howard Vincent may, however, be more effectively answered in his own constituency, if Mr. Churchill contests the Central division of Sheffield.

Four candidates have entered the lists for the appointment of two elective auditors. Politics in this election are eschewed, but for many years the auditors elected were connected with the two political parties and the honours were equally divided. This arrangement was upset a year ago on the resignation of Mr. John Harrison who has been so long identified with the Liberal party. He Was succeeded: by Mr. Laurence Bolton, who had the support of the Non-Trading Association, hnd the Liberals were left without a representative auditor. This year there is another innovation. The Labor party have brought forward a candi- date in Mr. James Ball, who goes to the poll in company with three professional accountants. There appears to be an impression that an unpro- f.essionalman like Mr.Ball,who by the way is a clerk in the employ of the Cheshire Lines Committee, Would prove a useful change from the approved type. It is a somewhat singular fact that the revelations which have been made by elective auditors at Manchester, Liverpool, and Stockport, have all been made by non-professional gentlemen.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Personal. Mr. Charles Elijah Place, son of Mr. Elijah Place, Markets -inspector and inspector of weights and measures, has successfully passed the examination recently held by the Board of Trade in accordance With section 11, of the Weights and Measures Act, 1889, and in due course will receive the certificate of qualification. Mr. C. E. Place has been an assistant markets' inspector and assistant inspector of weights and medsures at Warrington, since October, 1901. FIRE GRATES of every description.—J. S. GAR- LAND, Furnishing . Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, 'Bridge-street, Warrmgion.—Advt. Madame Clara Butt's Visit. Madame Clara Butt, Mr. Kennerley Rumford, and a party of distinguished artistes will give a concert in the Parr Hall on Thursday, March 10th.

St. Ann's Vicarage: On Saturday afternoon next, th 3 Bishop of Liver- pool will unveil the Queen Victoria memorial tablet in the new St. Ann's Vicarage, Orford Avenue. For full particulars see Advt.

The Bewsey Ward Vacancy. At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee, on Monday afternoon, the Town Clerk reported that he had received a copy of the c)nviction of Mr. Samuel Gough at Liverpool Assizes on a charge of bribery and thatMr.Gough had ceased to be a member of the Council. There was no discussion. We under 'stand that any two burgesses in the ward can ask for the vacancy to be filled up. Address to Men. At the Parish Church la3t evening, the Ven- Archdeacon Madden delivered an address to men on ' The marks of the Jesus," pointing out that although Christians were not now called upon to suffer perse- cution for religion, they could bear the marks of Christ, such as purity and temperance, in their charac- ters—Next Friday evening the Rev. John Wakeford will speak on "Man in his completeness."

Contract for a Local Tobacconist. Messrs. T. Sudlow and Company, wholesale and retail cigar merchants, Winwick-street, Warrington, have succeeded in obtaining the contract for tobacco, cigars and cigarettes required at Orford Barracks; the heddquarters of the 8-40th regimental district. The contract was previously held by a London firm.

- ASK for CUNNDIGHA.M'S HIGH-CLASS MINERA. WATERS.—Advt.

Fall From a Window. An accident, which might have resulted seriously, befel Mrs. Julia Huxley, a widow, residing at 142, Knutsford-road, at one o'clock on Wednesday after- noon. She was cleaning a bedroom window at the back of the house when she became faint, and fell a distance of 12 feet into the yard. Dr. Smith was called in and found her to be suffering from a fractured Wrist and shock. She is progressing satisfactorily. BacE BOOTS FOR ALL.—UNDER THE CLOCK.—Advt Local Labour Matters. A. meeting of the Labour Representation Committee was held in Bold-street Wesleyan schools on Thurs- day evening, Mr. T. Plumb presiding in the absence of 'Councillor Stott (president). Having discussed the question of the borough elective auditorship, the committee passed a resolution endorsiin the candidature of Mr. James Ball and pledging itself to use every legitimate meansto secure Ills return. The committee urges all trade unionists to give Mr. Ball their support.—There was a long discussion on the forthcoming bye-election in Bewsey Ward, occasioned by the unseating of Councillor Gough, and eventually the matter was referred to the Executive Committee, who will report as to the advisa- bility of contesting the seat. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS VIDIERAL WATERS.—AdVt. Fire Brigade's Trying Experience. Fighting the flames is at all times an arduous task, 13nt, the Warrington Fire Brigade had a parti- cularly trying experience during the fierce gale which raged on Sunday night. At 10.35 a telephonic message was received that a fire had broken out on the premises of Mr. James Hepherd, Boundary Farm, Woolston. The brigade turned out in charge of Deputy-superintendent F. H. Turner and pro- ceeded with all haste to the scene of the fire, which is three! miles from Warrington. A thirty-ton stack of hay was well alight, and it was feared that the sparks would ignite an adjoining sack. /A good supply of water Nva obtained from a brook and the firemen got to work with two power- fill jets and the steamer" Major." Fortunately they succeeded in cmfining the fire to the one stack. After about two hours' work, the pumps of the engine be- Caine choked and this necessitated a stoppage or some considerable time. The wind was %plowing a hurricane, and to add to the r9,,'scomfort of the firemen, rain and sleet fell heavily. -uhe stack was completely destroyed, and the damage, ,v,bich is covered by insurance, is estimated at• MO. brigade returned to Warrington at ten o'clock on alcllday morning, aud the deputy-superintendent told our representative that during the whole of his twenty Years experience he had never before been called to 11 fire on such a night.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Death of Mr. Richard Toft. We regret to record the death of Mr. Richard Toft, tobacconist, Horsemarket-street and Sankey-street, who passed away on Saturday morning at the age of 74 years. The deceased gentleman had been suffer- ing from bronchitis for a considerable time, but the end came very suddenly. He had carried on the business of a tobacconist for about forty years, and was esteemed and respected by a very large circle of friends. He was a worshipper at St. Paul's Church, and the Vicar (Rev. W. Bracecamp) made a fitting allusion to his death, at Sunday evening's service. The funeral took place at the Cemetery on Tuesday afternoon, the Rev. W. Bracecamp officiating. A large gathering of relatives and friends witnessed the last rites including Mr. Harold Toft (grandson). Mr. E. Aukland, Mr. E. Aukland, jun., Mr. F. Aukland, Alderman Smethurst, Mr. A. Jolley, and Mr. Denham. A large number of floral tributes were placed over the • grave.

FOR CLASS AND CHrNA. of every description try J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. The Late Mr. Thomas Tunstall.

At a meeting of the managers of the Warrington Savings Bank, held on Saturday, reference was made to the painfully sudden death of Air. Thomas Tunstall, head of the firm of Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Company, chartered accountants, and actuary at the bank. It was decided to forward a letter of condol- ence with Mrs. Tunstall and family in their bereave- ment.—The Rev. W. Bracecamp made a fitting allusion to the late Mr. Tunstall in his ser- mon at St. Paul's Church on Sunday evening. They had, he said, lost a man that Warrington could' ill afford to lose. Men of Mr. Tunstall's stamp and character were, he was sorry to say, rare. He was an exemplary business man, and, those who worked with him in that capacity would miss his advice and wisdom. He was a gool Churchman, and his attend- ance and ' usefulness at St. Paul's would be long remembered.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS and SHOES, UNDER the CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—ACIII"-- Band of Hope Entertainment. _ _ _

The members of the Ragged School Band of Hope gave a successful entertainment under the auspices of Buckley Street Band of Hope on Monday evening. The feature of the programme was the energy displayed by the children who should make good temperance workers. Temperance melodies were sung by- a party of girls and Miss M. A. Tichard. A humorous recita- tion was well rendered by Miss L. Potts and Miss P. Wainwright. Mr. Wright delighted all with two humorous songs entitled " She was" and" An awful little scrub." Mr. Johnson rendered a flute sllo. Three dialogues by the children and adults completed the entertainment. Mr. Owen acted as accompanist, and Mr. A. Jennings fulfilled the duties of chairman. A vote of thanks was accorded to the visitors, on the motion of Mr. H. Woolley, seconded by Mr. Shaw. P

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-63, SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt.

Memorial Service at the Spiritualist Hall. At the Spiritualists' Hall, Sankey-street, on Sunday evening a memorial service to the late Mr. Pemberton who for a number of years had been a prominent member and worker in connection with the society was held. There was a crowded attendance. The service was taken by Mr. J. B. Tetlow, of Manchester, a late fellow worker of Mr. Pemberton's. The Presi, dent of the society, Mr. W. E. Stout, paid a personal tribute to their departed friend. Mr. Tetlow also referred to his long acquaintance with Mr. Isemberton stating that he was present 25 years ago, at the open- ing of the first Spiritualist Lyceum at Blackburn, of which Mr. Pemberton was founder. He spoke of Mr. Pemberton's mediumship, and stated that during the many years he had used it, it had proved to be a benefit in many cases physically, and in all cases mentally. and spiritually. On the motion of the President, seconded and supported respectively by Mr. Nightingale and Mr. J. Foster, sea., the audience rose in silence and passed a vote of sympathy witll the bereaved family. Some of Mr. Pemberton'. favourite hymns were sung, and the organist, Mr. J Booth, played the " Dead Mari." BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS in latest art shades.—J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Presentation to a Workman. There was an interesting little ceremony at the works of Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Ltd., Bank Quay, at noon on Saturday, when Mr. Robert Fitzgerald, an employe who is afflicted with paralysis, was presented with a self-propelling chair, subscribed for by his fellow-workmen.—Captain G. R. Crosfield made the presentation, and expressed sympathy with Mr. Fitzgerald in his misfortune. It would be a source of very great happiness to him to know that his comrades all through the works had contributed towards the chair, with the greatest heartiness and goodwill.—Mr. T. Rigby returned thanks on behalf of Mr. Fitzgerald, and pointed out that the presentation was first suggested at the annual meeting of the sick club. Thirty men were appointed to solicit subscrip- tions from the employes, and the result was that £25 7s. 2d. was• contributed. The cost of the chair was 19 guineas and it was intended to erect a shed in which it could be placed, and to provide other little requisites.—On the proposition of Mr. Kendrick, seconded by Mr. Randles, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Captain Crosfield.—ln responding,Captain Crosfield said that so lona as comrades would come forward and help one who was in misfortune there was not much wrong with the English workman.

H. M. ASHTON'S- LIE% ToisTro is the KING or TONICS.-63. SA.NKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. The Farmer's Claim for Compensation. A meeting in connection with the Cheshire Milk Producers Association was held at the Warrington Corn Exehange, on Wednesday, Mr. Thomas Baxter, of Dutton Hall, presiding over a good attendance of farmers. Mr. James Sadler, secretary of the associa- tion, delivered an address on "The compulsory slaughter of tuberculous cattle and the farmer's claim for compensation." He alluded to the bill which the Manchester Corporation were trying to get through Parliament,which would empower them to slaughter cows affected with tuberculous udder, without compen- sating the farmers. A. deputation from that Associa- tion had waited upon the Corporation and requested them to insert a clause in the Bill that farmers should be compensated for the slaughter of cattle. He con- tended that no authority should have the power to demand the slaughter of a beast in the public interest unless provision was made for the payment of com- pensation. The adulteration of milk in Cheshire had got to such a low point, that itWas now almost extinct. This he attributed to the fact that the Cheshire farmers sent out genuine milk. Mr. Sadler advocated the claims of the Association; and appealed to non- members to join it.

UNDER the CLOCK for GOOD BOOTS.—Advt. Memorial to Fallen Soldiers. Warrington is to have a fitting memorial to the men of the South Lancashire Regiment (Line, Militia, and Volunteers) who fell in the South African campaign. The first list of subscriptions to this object, which must appeal forcibly to the townspeople, appears in another column. In a circular issued by the Mayor, on behalf of the Executive Committee, it is stated: "The form of the proposed memoridl has not been definitely settled, for much will depend won the amount collected; but it has been suggested that the memorial might take the form of a portrait statue of the late Lieutenant-Colonel MacCarthy O'Leary, who lost his life while gallantly leading his men in the final charge on Pieter's Hill, and, which charge i cleared the way for the relief of Ladysmith. It s proposed to place tablets on the base of the memorial recording by battalions the names of those who died on service during the War. The Memorial will be erected in a public place in War- rington, the County home of the Regiment. Towards the sum of £1,500 which it is estimated will be required to carry out the wishes of the Committee, the officers and men of the South Lancashire Regi- ment have subscribed over MK Subscriptions may be paid into any of the Banks, to the Hon. Treasurer, Mr. John Fairhurst, Municipal Offices, Sankey-street; or to any member of the Committee." A print of the picture by W. B. Wollen, R. 1., of "The South Lanca- shires Storming the Boer Trenches at Pieter's Hill," printed on good paper, will be presented to all sub- scribers of 2s. 6d. and upwards. A print of the picture and a copy of a booklet entitled The South Lancashire Regiment in the South African War," containing a portrait of the late Lieut.-Col. W. MacCarthy O'Leary, and several other illustrations, will be presented to subscribers of ss. and upwards. A print of the picture, with wide margin suitable for framing, and a copy of the booklet will be presented to all subscribers of V. is. and upwards.—A public meeting will be held at the Town Hall on Thursday evening for the purpose of appointing an auxiliary or workingmen's committee to raise funds. -

PUBLIC BENEFIT. UNDER the CLOCK for BES BOCT i in LA.NCASHIRE.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, February 27, 1904 MR.CROSFIELD SPEAKS OUT.

!County Council Elections. • There will be no contests for County Council seats in the Warrington district. Yesterday was the last day for receiving nominations, and Mr. Roger C. Parr was returned unopposed for the Appleton Division, and Mr. J. W. Knowles for Winwick. Socialists, and the Fiscal Question. Mr. Fred Bramley, of Bradford, delivered a lecture at the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, last evening, under the auspices of the 1.L.P., on "Socialism and the Fiscal Question." He weighed the arguments of Mr. Chamberlain and the Free Traders and said that Socialists were neither Protectionists nor Free Traders in the orthodox sense. Their contention was that an attempt should be made to break down internal monopolies and the restriction of industrial progress. —To-morrow (Sunday) evening Mr. Bramley will lecture on "The Ethics of Socialism," and the Rev. H. Dunnico will preside. Presentations to Conservatives. . • Last evening a smoking concert was held at the Junior Conservative Club, Mr.. E. Draper presiding over a large gathering. The principal event was the presentation of a silver tea and coffee service, eight day clock, smoker's companion, and an illuminated address, to Mr. W. L. Williams (chairman of the club), on the occasion of his marriage. ,Mrs. Pierpoint made the presentation on behalf of the committee and mem- bers. The prizes gained in the recent billiard handi- cap were presented by Lady Greenall, Mr. Stangl being the winner of the Parr Challenge Cup. Sir Gilbert Greenall, Mr. R. Pierpoint, M.P., and other prominent Conservatives were present. Lecture on "Electricity." At the Old Academy last evening a very interesting lecture on " Electricity " was delivered by Mr, W. H. Grimsdale, who made special reference to the development of electricity in Warrington during the past three years. He described the methods employed in the production of electricity, and gave a number of experiments. Mr. F. W. Monks presided, and pointed out that at present keen competition was going on between, electricity, the motor steam engine (including the steam turbine) and the gas engine. It was difficult at the moment to say which was likely to win but personally he thought the gas engine might be looked upon as likely to come out on the top and that with a properly arranged and constructed gas plant, driving suitable engines, electricity could be produced at a lower cost per unit than they were able to produce it at Niagara with water turbines. Distribution of Billiard Prizes. At the Conservative Club on Wednesday evening the last round in the billiard handicap was played,Mr. W. Davies defeating Alderman Francornb. Afterwards Mr. E. Draper distributed the prizes as follows W. Davies marble clock; 2, Alderman Francomb, fruit stand; 3, C. Oldfield, fish carvers ; 4, R. Tickle, cigarette case ; T. Horrobin, sen, umbrella and pipe ; W. Kay, silver tea pot; F. Aukland, tray; R. Straw, cruet ; W. Mynekyme, biscuit jar ; W. H. Podmore, copper kettle; J. Ashton, umbrella; T. Perks, barometer; W. Lsngshaw, case of carvers; Thomas Horrobin, jun., jam dish; W. E. Baylin, match box; and F. Ward, butter cooler, Consolation prizes :—l, J. Thompson, barometer; 2, George Smith, teapot; 3, H. Hughes, cue and case; 4, Sergeant Major Rawlinsoir, pipe.; H. Watkins, spirit flask ; J. Hesketh, pipe; and E. Fowler, box of cigars. The Work of Warrington Artists. Two further additions will shortly be made to the collection of pictures by Warrington artists in the local art gallery. At a meeting of the General Pur- poses Committee held on Monday, it was decided to purchase two landscapes by Mr. James Charles, the son of a Warrington tradesman. Mr. Charles is an Associate of the French Academy and has gained a high reputation as an artist. The pictures which have just been purchased are two of the finest examples of his work in landscape painting. One is entitled "The Picnic," in which the members of his family are seen disport- ing themselves in an orchard. The other picture gives an excellent cattle scene, with a fine sky over- head as a distinguishing feature.—lt is intended to hold an exhibition of Hr. Charles's work in the art gallery at an early date. Warrington Choirs at Widnes. At Widnes Eisteddfod on Thursday the item in which :the greatest interest centred was the Choral Competition, by. unaccompanied male-voice choirs of not more than 35 voices, for a gold medal presented by Messrs. Oldaelds, Limited. The piece selected was Adam's "Comrade's Song of Hops," and the entrants were the Warrington Apollo, conductor, Mr. Harry Bsrrey ; the Widaes Apollo, conductor, Mr. Samuel Pope; the Warrington Male-voice, conductor, Mr. Nesbitt; the Liverpool Welsh, conductor, Mr. David Roberts; and the South Liverpo A., conductor, Mr. P. T. Jones. Mr. E. H. Harding, Mus. I3ac., of Bangor, the musical adjudicator, announced the result as follows :—Widnes Apollo, 95' Warrington Apollo' 94 ; Warrington Male Voice, 91; Liverpool Welsh, 90; and Smith Liverpool, 87. The investiture by the Mapr of Mr. Samuel Pope, whose baton had led the Widnesians to victory, csncluled the festival.

party question, ' and I hope it won't become one. I allude to the proposals of the

NATIONAL SERIVCE LEAGUE. This project raises many issues which we have not time to discuss to-night,but there can be no doubt that a hundred days military training for a man, besides qualifying him for the defence of his country and his home in time of need, would be of physical benefit to him. (Cheers.) ' Turning for a moment to another aspect of the ques- tion it is equally clear that a powerful well equipped auxiliary force is the most economical way of defend- ing these shores against the possibility of invasion. (Hear hear.) I have had many talks with my brother here on the matter and he knows how I have clung and for the matter of that, still cling to a solution on voluntary lines. But I must frankly confess that the difficulties in the way of it are very great indeed. Only to men- tion one ef them, it is unfair to handicap a just and patriotic employer of labour, who will allow his managers, clerks, foremen and artisans—a fair propor- tion of them—to attend camp for the stipulated time where he competes with his less public spirited neighbour who will have nothing to do with it. What is a still more serious difficulty, is the danger of employ& who wish to serve their country being cold shouldered Or penalised, on one pretext or another " sacked " by employers who resent their absence while on military drill. If you will look into this very urgent problem you will find the difficulties of a solution on voluntary Hines are very serious. For my part I still keep an open mind, though I am taking steps to get the best opinions one can in various quarters. (Hear hear). Then in these busy days there are also other matters for us to think of. There has been some strange and to me in- comprehensible mistake with reference to my attitude Iro wards

===== 0002601_19040227_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTIVE AUDITORSHIP.

Next Taasplay's Election.

Polling will take place at the Gymnasium on Tuesday next for the election of two auditors for the Borough. There are four candidates. These are :—Mr. Edwin Bradshaw and Mr. Joseph Rigby Williams, chartered accountants, Mr. Laurence Bolton, accountant, and Mr. James Ball, clerk. Mr. Bolton is supported by the Non-Trading Association, and Mr. Ball is brought for- ward by the Labour party. The nominations of Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. Williarns,and Mr. Bolton were published last week. A further nom- ination paper was handed in on Monday on behalf of Mr. Edwin Bradshaw. The addresses to the electors of Mr. Bradshaw and Mr. Williams will be found in our advertising columns. James Ball, clerk, 127 Marsh House lane, is proposed by Fred Stott, seconded by Edward Edwardson, and assented to by Arthur T. Alcock, Nathan Cooke,Oswald Buckley, Joseph Robert Edge, Edward Malone, William Armitage, Abraham Warburton, and William Pooke. In a second paper he is proposed by John Upson, seconded by John Francis Matthews, and assentedto by Joseph Podrnore jun., William Hayes, E. H. Hackett, W. Stringfellow, Thomas Wright. Torii Jones, William Henry Bell, George T. Brown. In a third paper he is proposed by Joseph Podmore.se,,onded by Edward Pickavance and assented to by E. G. Hughes William J.Hackett. G. E. Greaves, William Wright, E. Piellavance, jun., F. Brown, C. Eccles and S. W. Jeffery, Polling will commence on Tuesday at 8 a.m and will close at 8 p.m. The only polling station will be at the Gymnasium. 'There will be six:separate polling booths.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTH BIRMINGHAM ELECTION.

RESULT OF THE POLL

Polling took place in South Birmingham yesterday for the election of a Parliamentary representative to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Mr. Powell Williams. Lord Morpeth was the Unionist and Mr. J. Hirst Hollowell the Liberal Candidate. The result was dedlared as follows:

Lord Morpeth (U.) Mr. Hirst Hollowell (L.)

Unionist majority At the last general election, and also at a by-election in 1895, Mr. Powell Williams was returned unopposed. There were contests at the general elections of 1892 and 1895, when the figures were:—

1892. Powell Williams (L.U.) 5,193 W. J. Lancaster (C.)

Unionist maiority 1895.

Powell Williams (LIJ.). 4,837 W. Priestman (L.), 1,257

Unionist majority

===== 0002601_19040227_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ORIGINAL

CRAWFORD'S

" POLO -

SOLD EVERY VirFIERE.

A PERFECT C )COANUT BISCUIT.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
MIS POSITION WITH REGARD TO LABOUR.

Meeting at the Liberal Club.

Mr. A. H. Crosfield attended a meeting at the Liberal Club on Thursday evening for the purpose of pre- senting the prizes to the successful competitors in the recent billiard handicap. Before doing so, Mr. Crosfield delivered a vigorous address on the political topics of the hour. Rarely has he been found in better form and his direct pronouncement on the labour movement was greatly appreciated. Mr. Councillor Tinnion presided and he was accompanied on the platform by Mr. Alderman Pierpoint, Captain Cros- field, Councillor Wilkinson, Messrs. C. Jackson Holmes, J. Harrison, J. Worrall, J. T. Locker W. Furness, T. Pemberton, and others. In the course of a few introductory remarks, the Chairman observed that the: present time was one in which Liberals and Progressives should meet together and kill,as far as they could,the reactionary measures of the present Government. (Hear, hear.)

===== 0002601_19040227_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
SPEECH BY MR. A. H. CROSFIELD.

Mr. A. H. CROSFIELD, who bad a hearty reception, said: "I have to thank you in the first place for ask- ing me to perform this pleasant little duty—the dis- tribution of prizes. It is a duty I have had the plea- sure of taking part in many a time—(hea,r, hear)—and on these occasions we have generally had a little talk about billiards and also about bowls. You know that I handle a cue myself sometimes—(hear, hear)—in fact a good many of our family have rather a bent that way. (Hear, hear.) There is an amusing little anecdote in connection with billiards which I may have mentioned to you before, which occurred before my time. It takes us back to the great days of reform \iwhen Cobden and Bright were fighting shoulder to shoulder. My Uncle George was a keen politician and a good deal in touch with them both and they used to come sometimes to Walton Lea. One evening after they had finished discussing politics Richard Cobden and my unclehad a set to at billiards and my Uncle gave him a good hammering. But Cobden turned the tables on him all the same by quietly remarking " Ah, Crosfield, what a deal of time you must have wasted on this game ! " (Laughter.) Well lam very glad indeed to hear from my friend Mr. Pember- ton that the billiard handicap has been such a thorough success, and I am sure every one in this room knows how much the great success of this club in recent years is due to his constant energy and activity. (Cheers).

===== 0002601_19040227_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ADVANTAGES OF RECREATION.

I have sometimes given you a disquisition on bowls, at which I'm a duffer, but in which I take a great interest. I shall not devote much time to sports now, for reasons I shall give you in a moMent, but I may just say what I think I have said before in this club that I have never advocated the healthy recreation that you get in your outdoor game of bowls in the summer, and billiards in the winter, nor any other kind of sport, merely as an end in itself. (Hear, hear.) I do advocate these things, though for the sake of the health, the physique, and the enjoyment of thousands of workingmen in the town: (Cheers) and because I think English games have had not a little to do with the formation of English charac- ter. The friendly contests in our playgrounds equip us for the sterner battle of life; teach us to hit out straight from the shoulder if need be, but never below the belt. (Hear, hear.) I have in my pocket now a letter from apolitical opponent, but a very good friend of mine—(hear, hear,) Mr, Edward Taylor, who tells me that the bowling league of Warrington is to be revived and recognised. It includes every important bowling cliff) in the town, and I am glad to know it includes this club too Mr. Chairman. And so what Mr. Taylor calls this fine healthy sport is to be further en- couraged by the revival of this league and lam very, glad of it. (Cheers.).Of course we all know there is a happy!mean in everything and games may be overdone, but I am thankful to know that so many of our fellow- townsmen get their recreations in the summer in this way, and I think they are a good deal better off playing a game like bowls or billiards than wasting time,—if I may say so—in reading the pink halfpenny paper and "spotting "—I believe they call it spottinz (laughter) the winners, and I am afraid occasionally backing losers. (Renewed laughter and cheers.)

===== 0002601_19040227_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POLITICAL SITUATION REVIEWED.

Now at these friendly gatherings it has been custom- ary to take stock of the political situation, and the Chairman has invited me to do so, but that is not what I propose to do to-night. I rather wish we had a tele- phone to another hall in the town, or rather a mega- phone. It would be interesting to hear what is being said there because a little daylight might be thrown on the difficulties of this great controversy, and though I rather fear it will scarcely be illuminated or elucidated by what we shall hear from that distinguished speaker Sir 'Howard Vincent. Now as I say, lam not going to speak at any length on Free Trade. We have had some eloquentand powerful speeches in Warrington by Mr. Howes—(hear, hear)—who very truly said the next election was net to be fought on Free Trade alone. If it had been fought on Free Trade and nothing else, that in itself is sufficient to rally every thinking working- man who feels a proper sense of responsibility and duty to the progressive cause, and to induce every man to take an active share in the work. (Hear, hear.) I advise you to read the speeches made to-night. in Parr Hall and just see if you!can get an answer to the questions that we have put time after time—questions which have never been answered either by any of the Conservative or so called Unionist leaders, or any of the minor luminaries of our opponents who are spread- ing their protectionist propaganda. They are putting out, bills promising more employment. (Laughter.) That is one of the very points on which we want enlightenment. It is admitted that if you place a pro- tectionist duty on any article, the duty is almost entirely paid by the consumer. (Hear, hear.) It has been shown perfectly plainly that there will be an increased cost in not only food but all essential articles, as well as in little luxuries consumed by the people, and we know that the home market is some seven or eight times greater in bulk of the export tracle.Therefore if by inereasrng the cost of articles you

REIRICE THE PURCHASING POWER- OF A SOVEREIGN to say seventeen shillings amongst the 42 million in- habitants of this county you get a reduced consumption and if you get a reduzed connumption, there is less manufactured and less demand for labour. (Hear, hear.) What we ask is are employers going to be able to increase the wages of their employes when the de- mand for labour is reduced? That is an all important point. It has not been answored because it cannot be answered. (Hear, hear.) Another question on which i great stress will be laid s

EDUC AT (ON.

I was talking the other day to Praessor Lodge, whose 'departure from the North of England to the Midlands we all regret. You know he is an eminent man of science, but naturally and properly impartial in 'politics. I had been condemning the Government's education policy. "Well" he replied, "have you got your own scheme cut and dried as an alternative?'' No gentlemen, but thereare one or two points on which we Liberals have made up our minds and on which we shall insist when we come to revise this bungle and mess which the Government have made of the matter. (Hear, hear.) We shall also sweep away the scandalous anachronism of tests. (Cheers). They are entirely out of date and it really is monstrous that more than half the population of the country should be debarred from the honorable profession of teachers in schools through narrow sectarian tests. It is of course equally unfair that the honourable and coveted position ofhea,d- master in a school should be closed to a large number of people for the same reason. (Hear, hear.) All this is not only injustice but dead loss to the whole nation because people who have the strength of character and principle to resist sectarian tests are often the very people who would be most efficient and valuable as teachers. There is a third matter which I have been glad to see brought forward of late, and that is the

===== 0002601_19040227_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
TAXATION OF LAND VALUES.

(Hear, hear.) Sir Henry Campbell Bannerman has recently urged this very forcibly, so has Mr. Asquith and Sir Edward Grey, Mr. Charles Trevelyan and a good many others. Well we have talked about this taxation of land values and ground rents for a good many years, and we shall now have to tackle it in real earnest. (Cheers). We are not advocates. no fair minded Englishman can be an advocate for spoliation. What we want is not spoliation but justice—(hear, hear)— and in the name of justice I submit that a revision of our system of land taxation which has been pressing for many years, is now more pressing and urgent than ever because of the great, the enormous increase of our national expenditure. When the Liberals get into power a few months or it may be a few weeks hence

===== 0002601_19040227_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
ECONOMY

will have to be, on of the first questions taken in hand. There are many other questions we know of pressinr, importance which ought to be dealt with. One of the very first is Old Age Pensions, which Mr. Chamberlain has dangled so long before the electorate. But we have got to find the money for it, and economy alone will not do that. No, we shall have to tap fresh sources of revenue, and the most important of these is the tax- ationof land values. (Cheers.) This is essential for purposes of revenue, but it is still more important from the point of view of the physique of the nation, because until this reform is passed it will be practically impossible for us to in out the terribly overcrowded centres of population in our great cities. (Hear, hear.) I have read something on this question of the housing of the poor, and it seems to me that until we have dealt with this, reform by the taxation of land values all attempts to solve the housing problem will be so much tinkering. We do not want to banish workmen into lonely country, but we do want to get them away from their work of an evening into suburban surroundings, where life will be healthier and pleasanter and better for all concerned. (Hear, hear.) I am glad that you recognise the importance of that from the point of view of the physique of the nation. There is another ques- tion that has refereme to our physique on which I meant to say a word or two this evening. It is not a

===== 0002601_19040227_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. SHACKLETON'S DILL.

and I am very anxious to take this opportunity of cor- recting once and for all any misapprehension on that point. lam thoroughly in sympathy with Mr. Shackl- eton's Bill. (Hear, hear.) During the last fortnight I have had the very great privilege and advantage of meeting some of the most responsible and able leaders of Trades Unionism in Warrington. and f told these gentlemen what I tell you know, that I recognise as fully as any man here the necessity for proper organi- sation of labour—(hear, hear)—directed to maintain a proper standard of life and to secure a fair share of the result of industry and commerce—(hear, hear)—and I will venture to say further that I hope and believe that if the leaders of these important societies, with some of whom I have spent so many hours lately, were with us to-night they would tell you that they and I very well see our way to working shoulder to shoulder in the defence of all the legitimate objects of Trade Unonism. (Loud cheers.) The revision of the law as it stands now is a matter that touches the interests of the workingman very closely indeed • and there is another matter to which Jam going to allude which I also feel pretty certain will touch them to the quick. It is per- haps the most re-actionary proceeding of a Government, which I notice in this morning's paper Dr. Guiness Rogers describes as the most re-actionary he has ever known in all his long life. (Hear, hear.) By the way gentlemen, in passing, the "Westminster Gazette," or rather Mr. F. C. 4. hits off the position very happily in yesterday's paper. Some of you may have seen his most amusing picture. (Hear, hear.) The sphinx in Egypt is looking at Joseph who has left Westminster to take some well earned recreation, and the sphinx says, "Can you tell me the difference between yourself and the Joseph who ,came here some thousands of years ago ?" Joe looks puzzled for a bit, and then says "No, I'll give it up. "Well," says the sphinx, "That Joseph's brethren put him into a hole; you've put your brethren into one." (Laughter.)

CHINESE LABOUR. Gentlemen, the matter to which I was going to allude is one which I think will prove the proverbial last straw that will break the elentorate's back. You will remember a very few years since the sacrifices you were asked to make on behalf of the oppressed Outlander. Oppressed was the wrong word: There were serious grievances but on the whole he had not such bad time it, and while earning a pound a day in the mines was on the whole perhaps better off than any other miner in the world. Gentlemen, I am not going to revive old differences about the war. We may" bury that hatchet "now, though it is impossible to ignore its ruinous consequences. But there is one question that everyone without distinction is now likely to ask and that is whether we spent two hundred, and fifty millions of money, sacrificed the lives of twenty thousand British soldiers, yes and the lives of twenty thousand women and children who suffered agony and miserable deaths in the Transvaal in order that after all Chinese labour is to be imported to do the work that ought to be done by British subjects. (Cheers). After qnoting extracts from the speeches of Sir Henry Fowler and Mr. John Barns, Mr. Crosfield added: All I can say is that after the lies that have been concocted during the last ten years by these magnates on the Rand, and their truly unscrupulous deception of the British public, I for one shall take with a mighty big grain of salt any tales they send to England for home consumption, or as likely as not manufacture them on the spot here. (Hear, hear.) [have mentioned some of the chief objects we shall have to fight for when the time comes, and it may come very soon indeed. Whather it be in a few weeks or a few months it is not possible that a Government so utterly dis- credited canhold together much longer. The debate both on the Chinese labour ftnestion and on Free Trade has damaged them fatally. (Elear, hear.) It is all very well for members of Parliament to come down to War- rington to expound Protectionist doctrines, whieh so far as this country is concerned were exploded sixty years ago. They may stump on the platform when they have it to themselves, but what sort of figure did they cut when Free Traders and Protectionists met each other face to face in the HOLM of Commons the other day in the most brilliant debate there has been for years. (Hear, hear.) Gentlemen they cut no figure at all

• THEY SIMPLY SCUTTLED AWAY from the Protectionist position and sought shelter under a meaningless formula. Well recognising how politic- ally demoralised our opponants are, workingmen friends of mine—and I am proud to say that many of the best' friends I have in Warrington are workingmen—(cheers) they corhe to me from time to time complaining that our party is handicapped because our organiza- tion is inferior to the organization of the Conservative party. V Gentlemen in reply to that I would first respsetf ally observe that personally I never accepted responsibility for the working of the Party machine because I already have my hands very I full without that. Secondly if there is any ground for these complaints, the shortcomings of our organisation are to some extent and partially dim to the fact that the money bags are most of them on the other side. (Laughter.) In the third place even if there are any little defects in

OUR ORGANISATION to be repaired, does not the remedy after all lie chiefly in your own hands. (Hear, hear.) Is not this a time when every Captain and every Secretary in the wards should feel the weight of responsibility upon him rest- ing on ,his !individual efforts between now and the election. (Hear, hear.) We were talking just now of auxiliary forces; why not auxiliary political forces. (Hear, hear.) We want a little more public spirited work and if we get this backing our victory *ill be an absolute certainty (A voice : 1830). We have a still greater cause VO fight for than in the year 1880 my friend speaks of—a cause thlt may well draw to the Progressive Party every man vriL. a shred of Liberalism and love of progress in him welding us all together in one solid phalanx, from th'e Liberal Unionist at one end to the extreme Radical at the other end of the party. (Cheers). The justice of our °lase is overwhelming, and that is why I think at this juncture we may fairly and respect- fully put it t 9 the intelligent artisans of our town, who have at heart glod of the country, the maintenanee of their standard of life, the welfare of their families, the education of their children. I thirk we may fairly ask them to give us a hearty.vigorous British support that we may win for our noble cause a great and lasting victory. (Loud cheers.)

===== 0002601_19040227_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PRIZE LIST.

Mr. Crosfield then distributed the prizes. The follow- ing is a list of prizes :- 1. Clock and bronzes, J. Sankey. 2. Gold albert, C. Jordan. 3. Barometer, I, Shaw. 4. Square cruet, W. Patrick. 5. Cruet, J. Halliwell. 6. Wedgwood biscuit jar, H. Heyes. 7. Fruit dish, J. Groome. 8. Case of Carvers, S. J. Beaman. 9. Tea-pot, W. Whittaker. 10. Breakfast cruet, J. Rudd. 11. Pickle jar, J. Shaw. 12. Oik biscuit barrel, Sergeant F'. Sweeney. 13. Case of carvers, W. Ford. 14. Butter dish, W. Birch. 15. Jam dish, E. Somerville. 16. Match box, J. Toole.

During the evening, a short musical programme was submitted. Mr. J. Rabbitt's fine tenor voice was heard to advantage in several songs and he was loudly encored Mr. F. Fieldhouse was, also in good voice; and in re- sponding to a recall for his vigorous rendering of" The Soldier's Song," he gave "Reign Edward Reign." The instrumental portion of the programme was well sus- tained by Messrs. Ray, Balmford and Kendrick, who contributed two instrumental trios. Mr. Balmford also played with taste and expression a solo on the cello. The accompaniments were played by Mr. Kendrick. The humour of the evening was supplied by Mr. W. Dowling whose humorous songs were received with favour.

ALDERMAN PIERPOINT ASKS FOR A LIBERAL RALLY.

Alderman PrEuPortirr, in proposing a vote of thanks to Mr. A. H. Crostleld and the artistes who had assisted said it was a matter of very great pleasure to him to find himself in the old Liberal Club of Warrington. (Hear, hear.) Still it was a matter of regret to him that he missed so many of those old Liberal friends of his that he was in the habit of meeting there, years ago. That was one of the penalties of growing old. There were still some of those friends left who ought to have been there, but who were not, and he was living in hopes that before the next general election they would have the pleasure of welcoming them again, and have their hearty co-operation in the great work that was before them. (Hear, hear.) He

had listened with great pleasure to the remarks of Mr. Arthur Crosfield—a speech which in his (Alderman Pierpoint's) opinion marked a great epoch in his charac- ter. So far as he was able to judge it was one of the best and most statesmanlike speeches that Mr. Crosfield had ever made—(hear, hear)—and they were all able to congratulate him upon the progress that he was evidently making in addressing large public audiences. If they were fortunate enough—as he hoped they would be—to vote for Mr. Crosfield as their candidate at the next election, Mr. Crosfield would be able to reproduce to a larger Liberal audience some of the salient points of his address that night. (Hear, hear.) He (Alderman Pier- point) had known all the Crosflelds for a great number of years. He had not the pleasure of knowing Mr. Arthur Crosfield's grandfather but he had the privilege of remembering the great reputation he had as an earnest worker for Liberalism of the old days. They all knew the good work which Mr. Crosfield's father and his uncle had done for Liberalism in Warrington. The great strength and backbone of the Liberal party lay in the members of the Crosfield family and it was a matter of congratulation to him to find that they had still representatives of the Crosfield family who were pre- pared to do what they could to further the principles of Liberalism. (Applause.) The meeting which was being held that night in Parr Hall was one which he ventured to say was held on behalf of vested interests—(hear, hear)—vested interests existing at the present time or vested interests which they wished to promulgate. He only wished that the megaphone could have transmitted the speech of Mr. Crosfield to Parr Hall. (Hear, hear). He thought it would have controverted everything that the Tory party was saying. Vested interests were all very well but they would find, as a rule, that they militated against the great mass of the people of this country. tHear, hear). Wherever they heard of a vested interest they should look upon it with eyes of suspicion. He would ask them to form their own opinion and he believed they would come to a different conclusion from that which the Tory party wished them to arrive at. Referring to the prospects of the Liberal party, Alderman Pierpoint said it was io use having a few figureheads doing what they could. It was like beating the air unless the leaders were backed up by a large and enthusiastic body of workers on behalf of the cause for which they were fighting. The Liberal party in Warrington appeared to him to have gone to pieces and it would take a great effort on the part of each member of the Liberal party to bring about that cohesion and strength which was so necessary for suc- cess. If there were some who . could not contribute money they could at any rate work and use their influ- ence. He had always held that Warrington could be, won—and ought to be won—for Liberalism. (Applause.) The Liberal party was fighting for the greater good of the greater number, and if they remembered that it was part of their duty to take part in the struggle which that involved. At the last election the results were lament- able. They were very much what he anticipated The forces on that occasion were all against them, but at the next election the forces would be operating in their favour. It only required them to take occasion by the hand, to put their shoulder to the wheel, and to be true to their own interests, and they would have no difficulty in bringing about that condition of things politically in Warrington, that he had hoped for and worked for during many years. (Applause.) He would do whatever he would on behalf of the Liberal party as willingly as he did when he was younger. (Hear, hear and applause.) If his words could have any effect upon the younger members of the party he would be glad. He hoped they would, by their assistance do the best they could to help in the furtherance of Liberalism. He need not say anything to that meeting in favour of Mr. Arthur Crosfield. He was the right man in the right place. (Hear, hear.) As Mr. Crosfield's father was the backbone of the Liberal party in his (Alderman Pier- point's) younger days so he looked upon Mr. Arthur Crosfield as the backbone of the Liberal party to-day. If Mr. Crosfield was willing to take off his coat in this political battle, the least they could do was to take off their coats also. (Hear, hear.) The Liberal party he was assured wouldhave a majority at the next election. Many of the old friends of the Conservative party were against their own party. He did not look upon the last majority in Warrington as a true index of the relative strength of the two parties. The normal majority in his opinion, was 600, and all they had to do was to convert 400 waverers to the Liberal party in order to be victors on the next occasion. The declaration Mr. Crosfield had made with reference to the labour party had given him great pleasure and satisfaction. He hoped those remarks would be read in the newspapers for he felt they would have a great moral effect upon the political atmosphere of Warrington. (Applause.) The CHAIRMAN, in seconding the vote of thanks said there were some members of the Liberal party who thought the force of Liberalism in Warrington was somewhat spent. He did not agree with that. They were not working ostentatiously but he c auld assure them they were working quietly and effectively. (Hear hear.) Mr. Crosfield had been doing a great deal of good work for Liberalism during the last few months, and had met the leaders of the various sections of the various labour organisations in Warrington. They found themselves in line on practically all points affecting labour. They had, perhaps, not done as much public work as they would like, but as Mr. Crosfield said, the money-bags were on the other side. It was proposed to hold a meeting on the 9th of March, at which addresses would be delivered by Sir John Brunner and Mr. A. Howes, whose recent addresses on the fiscal question were so greatly appreciated. The Chairman proceeded to refer to the healthy condition of the Liberal Club and contended that it ought to be a very strong force on behalf of Liberalism. He did not know of a political club that would compare more favourably with it and he was of opinion that if the members put their shoulders to the political wheel in the ensuing election they would win'a great grand triumph as they did in 1880. (Applause.) A vote was carried with acclamation.

Mr. A. H. CROSFIELD briefly acknowledged the com- pliment. He congratulated Mr. Pemberton on having got together such a galaxy of musical talent.Theadmir- able music had been a pleasure to listen to. He thought Warrington was by no means behind hand in musical talent—(hear, hear)—and he most heartily endorsed what his Majesty the King had said as to the civilising effects of music upon the English nation and the way in which music brought all classes of the community in touch with each other. He would like to thank the pre- vious speakers for the strong and direct appeal they had made to the members of the club and to the solid phalanx of respectable artisans, with whom after all the destiny of the party really Jay. They had a great cause to fight for, and they must fight for it not only with energy but with prudence. (Hear, hear.) The proceedings; which had been of a very happy character, terminated with a vote of than to the Chairman, on the proposition of Mr. WORRA.LL.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR HOWARD VINCENT AT WARRINGTON.

TORIES TALK ON PROTECTION AND YELLOW LABOUR.

MR. PIERP3INT A" WII3LE-HO3ER."

Warrington Conservatives held a big domonstra- tion in the Parr Hall on Thursday evening, when Col. Sir Howard Vincent, the member for Central Sheffield delivered an address in support of the Protectionist proposals. Another of the principal speakers was Sir Henry Seton-Karr,M.P.(St.Helens) and Mr. Robert Pier- point, the borough member,again took the opportunity of declaring himself in favour of Mr, Chamberlain's policy. The hall was well-filled. Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., presiding. Immediately behind him was a bevy of ladies, including Lady Greenall and Mrs. R. Pier- point, and the local leaders of Conservatism mustered in strong force. Amongst those on the platform were Alderman Sutton, Francomb, Smethurst, and Hutchin- son Councillor John Roberts, the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton, Messrs. W. P. Rylands, J. E. Seeker, C. S. Burgess, W. E. Atkin, Vere B. Davies, E. Draper, C. Tinsley, J. Tinsley and Dr. Bower (Stretton). The CHAIRMAN announced the recsipt of letters of apology for non-attendance from Mr. J. Charlton Parr, Sir Peter Walker, Colonel Hall Walker, M.P., Colonel Pilkington, M.P.,and Mr. John Wuite. It was particu- larly disappointing to Mr. White not to be able to attend, as for the past twenty years be had been a con- vinced Fair Trader. _

At the outset, Sir HOWARD VINCENT referred to his associations with the late Sir Gilbert Greenall who, he said, was a model of an English gentleman—(applause) —a model of an English sportsman,and all that a repre- sentative of the British people should be. It had been the hope of many of the Chairman's friends that the time would come when he would pose his candidature before a constitnency—(applause)—and follow in his father's political footsteps,as he had followed in his foot- steps in many other directions. Continuing, the speaker said he came there as a business man, and as the repre- sentative of business men for the last twenty years in the House of Commons, to lay a business matter before the meeting. This was not to him a political matter. Attention was first directed to this question in the House of Commons in 1880 by Mr. Wheelhouse, but the real author of the Fair Trade movement was Mr. Ritchie, the late Chancellor of the Exchequer, who on the 24th of March, 1882, moved for the appointment of a Select Committee to inquire into the effects which the tariffs in force in foreign countries had upon British commerce. He did not agree with those who said we had made no progress in our condition during the last fifty years, for if it were so we should indeed be in a sorry condition. But we must sorrowfully admit there were many causes at work and many conditions of affairs in our midst which must cause thoughtful men food for serious and earnest reflection. Did he speak on behalf of his own constituents ? Yes. At the pre- sent time, and for many weeks past, upwards of 3,00 families in Sheffield had been dependent upon puslic Isubscription and philanthropy for one meal a day.

IWe had made progress during the last fifty years, but that progress had not been equal to the pro- gress of many other nations, and notably the ! United States of America, under an entirely j different system. The progress under our system of free imports which we had made during the first •thirty or forty years, down to 1870 or 1874, was largely 1 because we were comparatively at peace. The real industrial life of Europe within our own time dated from 1872 and the conclusion of peace between France and Germany. We had seen the unification of Germany and,after the great Civil War, the union of North and South America, when the States established Free Trade amongst themselves and a high tariff against the world. So soon was the effect felt that Mr. Ritchie within ten years had to direct the attention of the House of Commons to the state of affairs. The question was entirely one for the people and not for:the capitalist classes. It was true that wages had risen considerably—by reason of the action of protec- tionist associations, for what was a trade union but a protectionist association ? The distress of which we heard was not confined to Lancashire and Yorkshire. It existed in most large towns, and more partizularly in London. The "Labour Gazette " showed that among trade-unionists alone there were last month 36,767 unemployed, and if that was the condition of things among skilled workmen such as trade unionists, they knew that the number of unskilled workmen was sure to be far greater. There were last month 376,000 persons in receipt of out-door relief, and in the year 1903 261,36:3 of our own flesh and blood had to emigrate from England, and the great majority to a foreign country—where their labour would be protected—des- pairing of finding a livelihood in the old land. At the same time there came to London and other congested centres of population 70,000 to 80,000 of the scum of the earth, to fill our prisons and to drive English workmen out of their employment.—(Hear, hear.) Warrington was noted for its many industries, and the glass industry was once flourishing here. The iron and steel industries were amongst the principal trades. In what condition did they find the great majority of trades ? The fall in our exports in the ten years 1891-1900 compared with the previous ten years had been of no lessen amount than 137 million sterling. In the latter period there was a yearly average excess of imports over exports of 145 millions. He need not refer to the cotton industry. They all knew, far better than he did, the condition in which it was, and they would not be surprised to hear there was a fall of 60 millions in the ten years 1891 to 1900 in the export of cotton manufactures, compared with the exports of the pre- vious ten years. Their political opponents had ex- pressed opinions on the condition in which we found ourselves. Mr. Lloyd-George said Mr. Chamberlain was right" in so far as he said that things were not well in this country." It behoved men of all political parties, Sir H. Vincent said, to endeavour to find a remedy for this condition of affairs. The policy he ad- vocated was that of uniting our Empire with those who were anxious to treat with us, rather than give advantages and preferences in our own markets to foreigners who would not treat with us upon fair and equitable terms. Sir Howard Vincent quoted figures to show the increase of British exports to Canada since a preferential tariff was given In conclusion he alluded to the Chinese labour ques- tion. The United States of America, he said, found it absolutely necessary for the construction of the great rail-road system which had led to such extraordinary prosperity in the country, to employ Chinese labour. He would never consent to the uncontrolled immigra- tion of Chinese or any other labour into South Africa or any part of the dominion. It was absolutely necessary in the local opinion and in the opinion of impartial judges that labour which was at present unobtainable should be introduced in South Africa for the develop- ment of her natural resources. The Kaffir races had been aceustomed to do hard manual work below the ground, which the white man was not able to perform. They were now unwilling and unable to undertake the work in sufficient numbers and the conditions in the gold mines were such as to render it extremely difficult, if not impossible, for the white men to work there/They wanted to remove the oppression which existed in the white labour market in South Africa in order that the industries which were capable of givinc, full employ.- , ment might be developed. Therefore the local authori- ties, supported by the great mass of local opinion, had determined, under proper safeguards, to try the experi- ment of inviting for a limited period, the immigration of Chinese labourers. Under such conditions, the . majority of the House of Commons was of opinion that we ought not to run counter to local opinion. Mr. PIERPOINT, M.P., moved a vote of thanks to Sir Howard Vincent, and also "That this meeting is of opinion that the time has came when the fiscal policy of the United Kingdom must be reconsidered in order to secure reciprocal. treatment from foreign nations, ana the binding more closely together of the Empire by the establishment oi mutual preferences between the mother country and her children beyond the seas." The fiscal policy was, he said, above all, a question for ' the workingmen. There could be no doubt that the state of trade was not in a satisfactory condition. The tariffs in the United States, Germany, France, and other countries had been erected not simply to gain revenue, but, especially in some countries, absolutely with the almost-acknowledged ob ject of killing our markets and getting our trade. The Government's policy would provide us with a weapon with which to fight. As -it was now, the Government came before these other countries with its hands tied behind its back, unable to do anything but to negotiate—for it had nothing to offer; all its tariffs were gone. That was the policy of the Government'. For himself he looked to what he bel:eved to be a higher policy still. He was not looking entirely for the benefit of this kingdom—though that was the first that everyone who had a connection with English politics had to do —but he looked for the welfare and the unity of the empire. While supporting the policy of the Government to the fullest extent, he thought there was a man who was, as he had called himself, a " missionary of empire," whose proposals deserved consideration. He spoke, of course, of Mr, Chamberlain—(applause)—who offered them a system of taxation which would not, he was certain, affect by one farthing for the worse the food bill of any man in this country, but would give us an opportunity of giving the preference to the colonies which they asked for, and they vvould give us a preference in return. If, by a re-arrangement of our own tariffs, we could break down the tariff walls of foreign countries against us, he thought we would have done a great thing towards making foz the happiness of the great masses of the people of this country and the unity and strength of the empire. He would not be afraid to ask them to make a sacrifice for such an object, but he apprehended there would be no sacrifice whatever necessary. Mr. Chamberlain had not put forward any scheme which needed to be considered a hard, cut and dried scheme, but had merely sketched out a plan for consideration • and for working out into some definite plan which might ultimately benefit the kingdom and the empire. It was a great object, worthy of one of our greatest statesmen. He thought they wereright in thinking that Mr. Chamberlain was a man whom they would not be, at all events,foolish in follow- ing, because he was not only a statesman but a real business man. We were going to hold out before very long, he hoped, the familiar, friendly hand to our colonial brethren, in the hope that, *e would get not only a nation practic- ally self-supporting, but a nation capable of holding its own, whether it be in the field of commerce or in the field of warfare' against the whole world. The colonies must come to us; we must go to the colonies. We could not remain simply a little kingdom, but we tmust be the heart of a mighty empire. (Applause.) . __

s Sir H. SETON KARR, M.P., seconded. Mr. W. P. RYLANDS supported the resolution and spoke on the fiscal question from the point of view of the manufacturer. The position of English trade, he said, was indeed critical, owing to the unfair competi- tion to which we were subjected from American and German manufacturers. Among all the manufacturers. there was a unanimity of complaint that they had great difficulty in making both ends meet. It had been said that the fiscal question was a labour question, and he would endeavour to show that it was solely and only a labour question. The selling price of an article was made up of wages, rent, and the profit derived by the manu- facturer. Rents, of course, could not be done away with, and profits were things which the mannf tcturers • had for some time been accustomed to give up, and therefore could not be diminished in any way. If the manufacturers happened to be unable to make ends meet, there were two courses which they could adopt. They must either shut up shops and throw th%ir em- ployees out of work, or they must reduce the wages paid to the employees until they were in such a position as to be able to compete with th 6 foreigners. The throwing of men out of employment and the reduction in their wages necessarily meant a reduction in the standard of living, and although the standard of living in England was higher than it was in almost any country in the world, no one would suggest for a moment that it should be reduced. Therefore the two alternatives he had named were very undesirable. A third alterna- tive, which rested with the working classes, was that they should insist upon the Government instituting some measure of tariff reform. (Applause.) The resolution was put to the meeting and carried. In acknowledging the vote of thanks, Sir HOWARD VINCENT said he was very pleased so see Mr. Rylands who was a son of an old political opponent of his, on the platform, and to hear that he had the courage of his convictions. He could congratulate Mr. Pierpoint upon representing a constituency which was so active and intelligent. In that audience there would be many, perhaps, whose views did not coincide with those ex- pounded by the speakers, and he must thank them for the courtesy they had shown, and for their kindness in giving the speakers a fair hearing. (Applause.) The Chairman was thanked for presiding on the pro- position of Alderman SUTTON, seconded by Mr. J. FITLTON SMITH.

ELASTIC STOCKINGS, KNEE OAPs, ! &C. —Par Varicos Veins and al cases ;of Weakness and Swelling of the Leg Sprains, &c. Theyare porous,light in texture, and inex Pensive and are drawnon like an ordinary stocking.—Prices 4s 61, 7s 63, and lOs 63, each. Postage free.—WHITE AND WRIGHT. Surgical Instrument and Truss, 1111kers. 93, Renbhaw traat Liverpool.—Ad'

===== 0002601_19040227_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- "itowlollll

===== 0002601_19040227_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
NOW IS THE TIME. cohabited with the defendant. She said defendant -- came home on Saturday night drank, and turned her and Do you enjoy perfect, health? If not,why not? The her six children out of the house. It was bitterly cold 'simplest way for man to secure immunity from disease and rain was falling. They sought shelter in an empty is to follow, as far as practicable, the laws of nature, house, out defendant drove them out.—P.C. Clough and if illness overtakes him, to take as remedies only proved the second charge, and defendant was sent to such preparations as are supplied by nature. The only goal for fourteen days with hard labour. natural remedies are vegetables and the chief vegetable DISORDERLY BOYS.—The following boys were on remedy of the present age is vegetables, Evans' Quinine the evidence of P.C. Woods, fined 2s. 6d. each for Bitters, the Vegetable Tonic. making a loud and unseemly noise in Plumpton-street OWILYM EVANS' QUINDTE BITTERS. on the 13th last :—Samuel Rancook, Thomas Campbell, Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is a Preparation now John Kirkham, Thomas Farrington, and Henry Carter, extensively taken throughout the country by patients; all of Plumpton-street, and John Pritchard, 13, Bond- • stinting from debility, nervousness, and general ex- street. haustion, and if any valise be attached to human testi- TUESDAY—More Alderman Sutton (in tbe chair) and many the efficacy of this medicine is established. Its Mr. J. Rvaler Young. claims have been tested and proved by the medical A SON'S DESGRA.CEFUL 63NDUCT.—Peter Taylor, jun., profesaion and others, and corroborated by the written 5, Water•street, was charged with having been drunk testimonials of eminent men. ; and disorderly in Crown-street, the previous Afternoon. OUGHT TO BE IN EVERY HOUSE. I P.C. Stewart said prisoner's father came to him and Cawilym Evans' Quinine Bitters contains not only a ask3d him to eject prisoner from a marine steno in suitable quanbity of quinine in each dose, but the active Crown-street. He did so and prisoner, who was help- principles of the following well-known herbs—sarsapar- 'Lardy drunk commenced to use filthy language. He was illa, saffron, gentian, lavender, burdock, and dandelion. remo pad to the Police Statien in acab.—Supermtendent At this season of the year no one should be without Monaghan said prisoner made his 7th appearance. lie Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the Best Remedy of the recently served a month for threatening his father, war) Age for various ailments. was a highly respectable man, but could do no good OWILYM EVANS' QUININF. BITTERS, with the prisoner.—Taylor was fined 103. and costs with Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is recommended for , the option of 14 days' imp isonment.—Mary Broderick, indigestion in its different forms, such as sick head- :of 40, Dallam-lane, was fined a like amount for having aches, heartburn, cramp, flatulency, sense of fulness and been drunk and disorderly. oppression after eating, drowsiness, and pains in the ' DRUNK IN CHARGE.—Thomas Briers, 2, Garner-street, region of the heart. It is, without exception, the best was charged with having been drunk in charge remedy for depression of spirits and melancholia. Being of a horse and cart at Bridge Foot on Monday afteenoon a vegeba,ble "Pick-me-up,' it is strongly recommended —Evidence ia support of the charge was given by P.C. for nervous diseases, stash as undue anxiety, despond- Hayes and a tramcar checker named Michael Flannety. ency, fainting fits, neuralgia, and nerve pains generally —A fine of ss. and costs was imposed. STRONGLY RECOMMENDED. BEGGING.—Thomas Murray, a strangeapleaded piny Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters has successfully treated to having begged aims in Rylands-street the previous (after all other known preparations had failed) severe night.—He was fined ss.a.nd costs. cases of affections of he chest, such as comalon colds, , HURSDA.Y—Before Messrs. C. White (in the cbair) and bronchitis,asthmatic colds,shortness of areath,influenza. J. R. Young. and Alderman Francomb. etc. It purifies and enriches the blood. It is a healthy REFRACTORY PAUPER.—Ernest William Holden. an and safe tonic. Should be taken by all who are deli- inmate of.the Workhouse, was charged with neglecting cate,as it strengthens the system and promotes good ta perform a task sat him on theprsvious day—Prisoner health. People suffering great weakness, either after it was stated, leased to pick 3 lbs of oakum, telling an illness, or through long confinement in ill-ventilated the porter to send for a" Bobby," as he(prisoner)would r00m.4, or any other cause, find Gwilym Evaos' Quinine receive better treatment in gaol. The magistrates Ben- Bitters most valuableas a great strength reviver. tenced Holden to 21 days' imprisonment. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. THEFT FROM TELE MARKET.—Mary Edwards. a Gwilym Evans' Quiniae Bitters is sold everywhere in woman of respect:sole appearance, was charged with bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each or will be sent,on receipt stealing three tsa clotns and a pocket handkerchief, of of stamps, carriage free, direct from the Sole Pro- the value of Is. f:orn the stall of Mendel Yarra, a Man- prietors :—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, chaster draper, in the Warrington market place.— Limited, Lianelly, South Wales. Prisoner concealed the articles in a muff, but was BBNV &RE OF TMITATIONS, observed by Constables Clough and Whittaker, who took When you ask for Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, see her into oustody.—There VMS nothing against her pre- hat you get it, with the name "Gwilym Evans" on the viously, and she was fined ss. and costs. abel, on the stamp, and on the bottle, without which FRlDAY.—Before Mr. H. Roberts (in the chair), Alder- one is genuine. man Smethurst, Councillors Roberts and Thornton, and Mr. J. Hepherd. Thew BY BOYS.—Two small boys named Thomas Brown, 15, Albert Terrace, and Henry Machell, Howley Farm. ware charged with stealing a quantity of lead and scrap lean, of the value of 3s 6d, from the Corporation waterworks yard at Howley on Saturday last. The Chief Constable iron the lads were caught removing the lead i and scrap n a barrow. They managed for the time being to escape, but information was given to the police, and Detective Meacock apprehended them. Prisoners were before the Court in November for damaging a fence.—They were now sentenced to ten strokes of the birch.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
DAINTINESS AN) DI3ESTIBILITY.

Daintiae33a,l di-,,?s.;.')il;ty are tbe two e3sErit7al.3 of good ptst-f. Toe.se q.”,1e3 caa be eas:ly. se.-...a--7ed if a &null. o? B.owa & Polsod3 new ..a.3i1154 powo?r caien " Pdtsev Floor" is adeed. to Oie oed:. lary flour (0le: Jart : to eigat or twelve) beakre raaleag I,lola oni:i;Jag all yeas., or pottder. "Pa;sley Floor " is also a geeF,i; 'lop to plum podding 3, idiondlials, and all heaNy 30.13 i pllCia;agS, f.. 3 it p "swats soddenes3 odd magas Lim ood. mo-s ez.i1,17 d:e, le. S411;11,71/, ore?.d niaoe wi;ti B.own & Polsoti's " Pals:ey Floor" is d'gesircie even when DOW. Bay a 'id. pa, et I.roin your vocer foci. try it. 6 cooking If you a-e not 134i,e;;,pleod wit% it. you: g occ NV:I rea.ad yoar moaey a L7OWII Polsoa's expease.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON 1111311L1.10 CORPS. Successful Concert hi the Parr Hall.

The funds of the War -ington Corps of the St. John Ambulance Brigade will receive substantial assistance from the proceeds of a co2ceet held in the Parr Hall on Satarday evening. Tee concert had been arranged by the members of the corps, and the attendance, consider- ing the large nu über of concerts which have been held in thatown recantly, was highly sat'sfactory, and in itself an evideac3 of the appreciation of the Warring- ton public of the work of ' the corps wh;ca Captain Waving bas done so much to popalarise. The prograrnme was provided entirely by local artistes and the audience was so generous in its bestowal of favours as to recall each one of them. Mr. Jona R tbleitt, whose local reouiatioa was con- siderably enhanced by his performance in the opera given by the Musical Society, "Toa Yeomen of the Guard," was prime favourite, and received two recalls. He was not in tue best :orm, his voice being somewhat thick, but he gave such a vigorous interpretation of "Mona" as to demand a recall, and in complying he sang "Bid me to love." At a later step, he was agaia encored ;or his singing of "I'll sing thee songs of Araby." Mrs. C. Garton Stone sang "Corona- tion," with violin obligato by MrS..W. B. Roberts, but I she did herself greater justice in "It Bacio," for her fine rendering of which she was deservedly recalled. She complied with " Zutalar Zee," a song in which the :artiste bzoeght out all the piquant points of th 3 story. Miss Nellie Anderton, in her first elort sang Yosti's "Goodbye," in which an affectionate fare- well is given to the depart,ag summer. A critical audience might be disposed to consider thus song as a rttle unseasouable on a wet. February night, and more disposed to welcoine a refrain. to the cowing summer. Be tels as it may, Miss Anderion gave a very creditable rendering of the song and in responding to a recall she sang" Sweet Jane," winch, litt us hope, wi be a little sweeter—and dryer—than toe last. in the second half, Miss Aaderton sang" Serenade" (Schubert) and Awake "(Pelissiera),whica taken together form rather a long ii,em. Mr. J. B. Poole's bass voice•was heard to great advantage in the "Bedouin hove Soar," and on beinz encored he gave the ever-popular "The Village Blacksmith," with great effect. The four vocalists were afterwards heard together in a quartette in the well-known piece from the " Mikado"—"Brightly dawns our Wedding Day." Toe only instrumental item was a pianoforte solo by Mrs. W. B. Roberts, who played with such marked ability and refinement of expression, as to call forth loud applause from the audience and a recall. Mrs. Roberts also dis- charged the onerous duties of accompanist A feature of the evening's entertainment was the singing of the Apollo Male Voice Prize Choir. The choir' is unable to muster its fall strength on Saturday evenings, but no fewer than 36 were present on the platform and their singing was of a high quality. One of the prettiest pieces was the part song " Lovely Maiden," wnilst of the heavier choruses, tbe most adequately sung was "Spartan Heroes." In this dramatic chores, Mr. C. H.Hoult's tenor voice was keard to advantage in the solo part. Mr. T. Brough conducted the choir with his usual ability, and Mr. Trow accompanied two of the choruses on the piano. There were two encores. The hut-at:ter of the evening was supplied by Mr. Victor Roberts. Some of his humour was not of a very refined character, and the song "Woman," could hardly be conside,ed as com- plimentary to the fair sex. Nevertheless it is only fair to say that his ends were appreciated by the audience and he was recalled.

Played et Old Law. The ground was very soft and heavy. Salford were supecior forward, and r.,shed the fi,st poct'oa of tale game. Lomas k:ci,ed a goal from a penalty k:ck. Tn the second ha:? Civil crossed the Saliord /:ne twice, it failed to sem,. Oldham were beaten forward rrost of tne time. Result—Salfoal, 1 goal; Oldham, n'i. BRADFORD v. WIGAN.' At Park-avenie. Braiford, before 7,000 spectators. In the 117sc half. Bradfo-d literally ran away with their NEGLECT OF CHILDREN. opponents, tiles being scored -.)y Dunhavin and Mosby, Siavan helping himself to three, whilst Eage7a Licked I two goals. In the second belt, Upton added an uoirn- At Widnes, on Thursday, John Cawley, of no fixed I I proved try, 'Eagers and Mosey failing at geol. At the abode, was charged with neglecting his two children. close Wigan pressed. Result—Bradiord, 2 goals 7 tries He is a widower, and his modus operandi was to place the children in lodgings for a few months, not to pay i, any money, and then take them away. One old woman (25 poins); Wigan, ril. kept him and his children for four months on his HULL KINGSTON ROVERS v. LEIGH. promising to pay 14s. per week, during which she only At hull, befsze 4,000 snectators. The Rovers started received 375. He was sent to gaol for a month. and, altheugh they had the best of the game, NORLEY RESIDENT'S SAD END. they could not score until close on half-time, when Carmichael placed a penalty goal. In the second half, The body of Joseph Chrimes aged 51 years, Cow-lane, Norley, of independent means, was found suspended the teams devoted their energies to finding touch, and Vona a beam in the back kitchen of his house on Sun- the game coasequenlly lacked interest. Genley scored day morning. For some time the deceased had been after brilliant passing, Johnson failing, and just on time under the care of Dr. Smith,Weaverham,suffering from Bennett scored a second try. Result—Leigh, 2 tries ; nervous prostration. He had never, however, been Rovers, 1 goal. heard to threaten to take his life. His brother, Samuel HUNSLET v. KEIGHLEY. Chrimes, went to him on Sunday morning, at 9 15, and At Hunslet. In the opening half Ilunslet had matter!' practically their own way, and in tarn Hannah (twice) took him some breakfast. He only drank some tea. He and Walter Goldthorpe scored. Goals were also kicked by the brothers Goldthorpe. At half-time Hunslet led did not coknplain, nor look in any way unusual. Shortly before ten o'clock the house was visited by Annie Chrimes,niece,who had been looking after the deceased by 15 points to nil. Afterwards Burnell got over for , during his illness,and on opening the back door she was Huuslet, Wilson placing a goal. Result—Hunslet 4 ;. horrified to find her uncle hanging from a beam, goals, 4 tries 20 points) ; Keighley, nil - - - SON DROWNED BEFORE HIS FATHER'S EYES. I LANCASHIRE COMBINATION. An exciting and tragic accident occurred on the river : Mersey at Runcorn on Saturday afternoon, by which a ! yeung man named Henry Parr, of Halton-rcad,Runcorn, lost his life. Parr was Mate to his father on the sail- ing flat Emily, belonging to Mr. Harrison, of Runcorn. The eraft, with a cargo of sulphur ore, was coming up the river on the flood tide when she was carried against one of the abutments of Runcorn Bridge. Young Parr was thrown into the water by the violence of the im- pact, and the flat received such damage that she imme- diately began to sink. The father got into a punt and went to his son's rescue, but just as he reached him the young man threw up his arms and sank. The flat drifted to the Ship Canal bank at Old Quay

WARRINGTON "4" y. STINTON "A."

There was only a small attendance to witness thi match at Wilderspool. rain falling heavily throughout the afternoon. Warrington had by far the best of the game, and in the first halt tries were scored by-Short and Falthurs'L, Knight failing at goal. Kenyon did good work, and he obtained the ball from the scrimmage and kicked into the open to enable Short to open the scoring. After the interval Swift and Gallop got over for the home team and Davies kicked agoal. Towards the close Swinton placed a try to their credit, but it was not improved upon. Final :--Warrington "A," one goal four tries (14 points), Swinton "A," one try (3 points.)

===== 0002601_19040227_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

THE INEFFECTUAL BLACK LIST.

Warrington's on] y black-lister. John Wilfred Del oo ze' was charged at the Borough Police Court on Monday with obtaining drink from the Alexandra Vaults, Scot- land-road, on Saturday night, and also with making use of obscene language—P.C. Clough stated that be and P.C. Stewart found the prisoner in the taproom at the Alexandra Vaults, having a glass of beer. The landlady admitted having served him,but said se did not know he was on the black-list. On being spoken to, prisoner used bad language, and added that he would have more beer if ha liked. In the street he again used filthy langnago.—The Chief Constable said that when prisoner was placed on the black- list i January, 1903, a duplicate of his photograph was forwarded to every licencee. Since then, however, the licence of the Alexandra Vaults had changed hands. and the photograph was evidently not considered a transferable fixture. It was a scandalous shame that prisoner should go about trying to obtain drink. He VMS the only black-lister they had in War- rington; and the only black-Ester he (Mr. Talbot) wantesl.—The Mayor: I am aftaid we shall never makeangels with the black-list.—The Chief Constable ' said prisoner made his 31th appearance, and licensed ' victuallers needed protecting against him. The War- rington bench very properly discouraged the use of the I black-list, because he (Mr. Talbot) thought everybody wasagreed that itwas ineffectual. Prisoner was fined 295. and costs for obtaining drink and ss. and costs for using obscene language. "WA NTED " I LONDON.—SERIOTIS CHARGE. A young man named Charles Owen Trill appeared in the dock at the Wa.rrington Police Court on Thursday morning. The Chief Constable explained that on Wed- nesday afternoon the police received an intima;,ion by telegram from the Metropolitan Police, that a man of prisoner's name was wanted in London on a charge of obtaining £5O by means of false pretences. Sergeant Williamson and Dei,ective Barlow went in F:earch of the prisoner and found him at a house' in Price-street. He was taken to the police station and made no ddmor. In his possession friey found between 1,48 and .1;19 in cash Th 3 London police had now telegraphed that an officer from Scotland Yard would come to WerrinAton for the prisoner that day, and he (sr. Talbot) asked the magis- trates to make a formal order for prisoner to be handed over to the Metropolitan force.—The Bench made the necessary order.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington 3orough Mize E3'lrt.

Minor Cases.

MoNoa.v.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Aldermen' Smethurst and F.-anew:ll'o, Councillor Thornton, and Messrs. Birchall and Wright. RESULT OF LilaNr TeEATM ENT.—James Lowndes, Chorley-street, was charged with baying been drunk whilst in charge of a horse and trap at 13,idge Foot at 8.50 on Saturday evening.—William Hardy, Chorley- street, was charged with having been drank and incap- able at the same time and pLsce.—The Chief Constable remarked that Hardy was hefore the Court on the pre- vious Friday. " " he added "is the wurst of treating them too wall. Tbey come twice a week."— After hearing tits evidence of P.C. Brows the magis- trates fined prisoners ;Is• and costs each. POLICEMAN Ass MILTED.—ThOMAS Lewis, 7,Plumpton street, was charged with baying been drunk and disor- derly in Plumatois street on Sunday morning and with assaulting P. C. Elughes.—?risot%r was creasing a turbance in the street. and when his brother was trying to induce him to go into the house, he struck the ()leer in the mouth, loosening several teeth, and also butted -him several times. Whilst Burrows was struggling with the man he was, he alleged, struck by prisoner's sister— Prisoner was fined ss, and costs for drunkenness, and 10s and costs for the assault. TURNED INTO THE STREET.—James Orford, 40,Hind- street,was summoned for haviag committed a breach oF the peace by being disorderly in Gaskell street, on Sun- day morning, the 14th inst. He was further charged with making use of obscene language in Church-street a little later the same day.—P.C. Gibbs said no was in Manchester-road whel Le heard screams and cries of " Murder." Upon going into Gasi:ell-4reet he saw de- fendant dragging a girl about. He took the defendant away from the child, and afterwards saw a woman, who

For A delicious Cold Ni" ohtt drink combining 0

and. flavor with great sustenance, forti- fying the system , is

against Dfir •Jortags. found in

_ 4 , , .. . ~ , 4 (.7) ! ?j) 4... f ocoa ot 4Ths4jj hithepthadoz

"It contains all the health- giving properties of the cocoa bean in the most nourishing,appeti sing and easily digested form."—Health. 'A Perfect Refreshing, Stimulating, Food,

Invigorating.

Beverage.'

"The stimulating and nourishing properties of CADBURY'S Cocoa cannot be too highly appreciated . . . a cup behre retiring to rest will be found especially beneficial in inducing sleep.'" -Gentlewoman

477: (Lj S ErlOCCia Absciastely Purr), Besz:7igße.g-'S,W• -WWCF,Fr

r .- 1

===== 0002601_19040227_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON v. SWINTON.

Played at Swiaton on Saturday in bad weather, rain falling continuously. The ground was a parZect quagmire, but a very well contested game was witnessed by 4,000 peopie. Mr. J. Priestley was referee, and the teams lined on:: as follows:

Warrington—Hallam, full back; Fish, Isherwood, Dickenson, and Harris, threequarters ; Bate and Hocken- ball, half bacts • Boardman, Edmundson, bunt, Naylor, Jolley, Cooke, Harmer, and Thomas, forwards. Swmton—Di Ion; Gartrell, Traynor (captain), Well I work, and Burrows Molyneux and Williamson; Evans Barnett, Preston, Cheetham, Smiph, Simister, Pomfret, and Co etirup. Preston started for the home side and Warrington at once got a footing in the home half. Mr. Priestley was very severe on the scrummage rules, and Warrington had a penalty in front of the goal very early on. Fish I took Oa kick but lifted as much mull as leather. Swinton then rushed to the opposite end, Preston having an abortive shotat the Warrington goal. Hallam was coroered, and from a scrum close in the ball was thrown to Burrows who knocked on with a glorious I opening. Warrington quickly drove the Blues back and commenced a warm actack. Fine passing between Bate Hockenhall, Dickenson and Isherwood, broke down at the latter who made a mad of his transfer to Fish. The wingman would certainly have scored. Bate kicked across and Burrowshad dificuLy in saving from Ha-ris. At length Moiyneux cs..-ried play to the opposite end by clever touch-work and Hallam was finally collared. Swinton were not allowed to besorne dangerous how- ever,And just before half-time Warrington orercame the Swinton defence, only to be recalled for a pass for ward. _ _

Dickenson restarted and Warrington immediately swarmed rouad the home goal. Smart passing saw Harris held at the corner. Swinton made a brief incur- sion into the Warrington hal:. Traynor being safely held. Hockenhall pot Warringtou on the attack again with a magnificent dribble, aud more good conbination gave Hauls possession. Efe ran to the corner and passed inside to Hocxenball who got over, but was re- called for "pass forward." Warrington kept up a hot attack for a long time, and the escape of the Blues was milaculous. li-rris again dashed for the corner and seemed a certain scorer, but Chorley downed him finely. Bate scrambled over on h's kbees but the poia, would not pass. Then Fish made a floe shot at goal wh'eh just failed. A breakaway by Wallwork took Swinton into the Warrington half for the second time only, but the stay was brier. Hockenhall charged Molyneux's kick and Cborley was lucky enough to save on the line. Play oontinued in Warrington's favour bin there was no score, aud the game ended in a pointless draw. HALIFAX v. RUNCORN.

This match at Halifax was witnessed' .by about 6,000 spects.tors. Farmer started the game for the visitors who were quickly placed on the defence. Moriev beat the opposition clbverl-j, and passed far out to Wedge- wood, who got over, but he had stepped into touch. Haliax kept up the pressure, and Little kicked a fine paaalty goal. The home forwards took the ball over the line ia a body, bob it went dead before any of the.' could ground it. Rancom staved o 2 further attack,and then took play to the other end; where a fine round of passing by Jolley, Rithardson, and Picts ended in Batterwo7th scaring a clever try. Farmer faiied at goal. Haiifax took up the attack again, and Gledhiil getting possession near the line classeci over, and Wedgewood kicked a goal. There was no further score up to half-time. Halifax started the secoud half in promising fashion Morley and Spencer passed and re-passed to each ether in fruit of the top stand, the final pass beir.g to Spencer, who showed a fine turn of speed, and scored a br.:liant try. Little failed at goal. The home team kept the upper hand, and Joe Riley kicked towards the pavilion corner of the field. and Richardson raced up to make the ba'l dead, Olt Spencer fell upon the ball before him, and scored his second try, the kick at goal by Wedgewood being unsuccessful. • Rlchardson. twisted his fooi; in trying to prev3nt the try, and took no farther part in tee game. Result :—Halifax 2 goals and 3 tries (13 poin:;s), Runcorn I try (3 points.) Teams : Hatifa%...—Little, back ; Wedgewood, Joe Riley, Williams, and Spencer, three-quari:er backs ; Morley and Gledaili, half backs ; Bartle, Balmer, Mallinson, Moron, Swinbank, • Naylor, Jack Riley, and Winskill, fo fwaetis.

Rancom.—S. Hougt:Gon, back ; Moran' Pr te ;ce, Betr- wort.:l, and Warder, three-quarter backs; Jolley and Weaftrdson, balf-baclks ; S. Walker, A. Richardson, C. Houghon, D'xon, Fartrer,Dobson, Moali.on, and Wash.- illirn,_ lot wards._ _ _

Ree.-ee, Mr. F. Kennedy, Broughton Rangers. Touch judges, Mes Ks. W. W. Tayßh-, Humlet, and G. Wilson, Maaniugham.

WIDNES v. BATLEY.

Playel at Widnes, before 1,000 spectators. Widnes won the toss, and. Settle started for Batleya,Aainst wind and rain. At the outset W;dues pressed, and a cross- k7ck by Ike Taylor gave WaArug an opportunity, but Watt:e Davies cleared to half-way. Bogg then started passing movement, and after Oakland and Wattle hac'l handled ;he ball, the latter kicked past Tilley, and following lip smartly, score. The same player iailed at goal. Oa rastarJng Widnes returned to the attack. Wilt Davies intercepted a past.ing movement, and ba.d a clear aeld oefore him. He kicked, however,and Douglas saved a few yards from the Eno. Half-time-score— Batley 1 try (3 points), Widnes nil. Th 3 onening 13;.8;b% of the second ball were very exciJng. Wldees got down to tbeir opponents' line, and wade desperate efforts to effect an ent:ance, Dcoglas kicked over, and the ball went dead. Bacley were penrilised in tneir own "2.5 ml Alf.- Ta,y7or placed a goal. Followin; this, a forward movement by Batley changed the venue, and Bogg sta -tad sever passing movements, but they came to nought. Widnes we... 0 penalised, and Wattie Davies bad a shot at goal, but the ball felt short. Res-a I t :—Gatley 1 try (3 points), Widnes 1 goal (2 points). Teams : Widnes—Tiley, ; Wailing, I. Taylor, Peacock, and Hughes, tb..aa-quarte.• backs; Douglas and A. TaylDr, lialf backs; Aspey, S. Aspir, Ciris, Coch- ran', Leysnon.Webster, McCabe, and Mc Donald,forwards. Batley—Atkinson, hack; Will Davies, Goode'', &Ay, and Wattle Davies, three-quarter hacks; Oakland and Be3g, hal.' backs • Spurr, Fozzard, Clayton, Thomas, ips, Judge. Hodgson; and Settle, forwards. Referee, Mr. F. Renton (hunslet). Touch judges, Messrs. J. Crsham (St. Helens) and T. L. Brimelow (Salford),

, BROUGHTON' RANGERS v. HULL. At Broughi,on, in wet weather, before 4,000 people The home side cpiim ouk;nlayed Hull, who were beaten fon ward. in the first half Wiison and W. James scored for the Ran.2;ers, while in toe second half the visitors'. Pee cossad ;.:y James, Trotter, Winskill, awl Widdeson. WorOington kicked five goals. Resent : Erougaten Rangers, 5 goals 6 tries (28 points) ; Hun, HUDDOR,SFIELD V. LEEDS 4

At Huddersfield, b9oia) 6,000 people.— In the first half of tae game, Jeriaius scored a try, on vcb;ch Uttle- wood imwoced. Litilevrood a 1.%) placed a goal from a peually. Ta the secoud half both s'Lles tried hard to sca:e, Grace crossin,, the Eno. LLdercood failed at goal. Lai-ad scored ror Huddersfield. Jenkins szored for T4desvood to coaveri;. Result :—Leeds,ls points; Huddersfield, 3 points. _ OLDETAM v. SALFORD.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
VENTS OF THE WEEK.

In order to be nearer to the seat of war, the Mikado of Japan has moved his Court from Tokio to Kioto, which was the capital before the revolution of 1868. The ancient gold and silver bullion from the Imperial Treasury, and belonging to the old Daimios or feudal nobles, has been deposited with the Bank of Japan to form a reserve. Both Russia and Japan have instituted rigid press censorship. The little Power in this respect has followed the lead of her adversary, and certainly she must fight her big antagonist with the latter's own weapons, though, of course, the winning side is always first to relax these restrictions, having a preponder- ance of good news to tell. Assuming that Japan continues • as victoriously as she has begun, it follows that the best accounts will come through that source. This is the opinion of an official at the Eastern Telegraph Company in Moorgate Street. "Anything," he said, "coming from Japan or Korea must be genuine, even if it is cut about. It has been passed by the Government. The sway of the censorship ceases at Shanghai, where our lines begin. Correspondents contriving to get to Shanghai with their choicest stories will find an uninterrupted communication with their newspapers in London. \ There are two cables between Japan and Russia, and the ends have been sealed. I *should not be surprised if the Japanese have cut the cables, after dragging for them with grapnels. Their exact locality is easily found, being distinctly indicated An the charts."

KIOTO, WHENCE THE MIKADO HAS REMOVED HIS COURT. THE MIKADO FOLLOWS THE WA/0

===== 0002601_19040227_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
A GREAT AMERICAN

No man has been more prominently or intimately connected with recent American polities than Senator Hanna, whose death occurred recently in his sixty-seventh year. He was, perhaps, the greatest figure of all the politlicians in the States, though never actually Presi- dent, and he was chief wire- puller to the Republican party. It was principally due to him that his great friend, the late President McKinley, was elected to 'the head office of the Republic, and it has several times been rumoured during the last year that he might even stand for the Presidency himself at the THE LATE SENATOR HANNA. expiration of

Pre-sidentßoose- velt's term. Death, however, has settled that question and removed his strong per- sonality from the sphere of American politics. Born in 1837, he was educated ,at the Western Reserve University and entered upon his business career as partner in a wholesale grocery house, but at the age of thirty he blossomed out upon a far wider scale, and in due course became president of several large companies and corporations, including M. Hanna and Co., coal merchants, the National Union Bank, the Cleveland City Railway Company, 'and the Chapin Mining Company, growing to be one of the wealthiest' men in the States. Then he took up politics, where, as remarked above, he became the chief force in the Republican party, eeater even than the President himself, who owed his very nomination to him. He entered the U.S. Senate in 1897 upon the nomination of Governor Bushnell, and has since been twice re-elected. His death will bring about many alterations in the party organisation of thy Republicans.

A POPULAR PEER.

There were few more popular men than Lord Alington, who died at the end of last week, and he was popular with all ranks from the King downwards. In fact, he was the first of His Majesty's subjects to have the honour of entertaining him after his Accession. Though seventy-nine years of age, until the last year or so, Lord Alington was a hale, hearty man, spare in figure and upright in carriage, young beyond his years. Indeed it was only in 1892 that he married as his second wife Mr. " Bunny " Leigh's sister in the same year that his beautiful daughter married ,Lord Cadogan's eldest son and became Lady Chelsea. Not only was he

THE LATE LORD ALINGTON AND HIS SUCCESSOR.

a notable figure in Society and on a race- .course, but he w,as a most generous landlord, and everyone upon his estate at Crichel, in Dorset, is deeply in mourning for his loss. Crichel is one of the. show places of England and is famous for its " white farm," which was the first Lady Alington's hobby and has always been preserved. One notable point about the estate is that Lord Alington, who• was very fond of birds, would not alTow a gun to be fired! But the turf was his chief hobby, and ,to it he was passionately devoted from his boyhood, when he used to run horses under all sorts of assumed names to avoid the parential anger. His open connection with racing dates from 1849, and his famous partnership with Sir Frederic lohnstone, "the Old Firm," as they were called, began in 1868. Two Derbies fell to them, in addition to many famous successes, and they trained for many years with John Porter at Kingsclere. Lord Alington is succeeded by his son, Mr. Humphrey Sturt, M.P. for East Dorset and this will entail a bye- election.

, , ' .. • ' -- % •!..........--- , d ...., 4 \ I. J. ' \ 1 • \,A \ ; ,

a • ----**\....'"------- ' '7' .Z.•C‘i•-.4.' , ) - t:"'s #'l4-Y''' ~....... r '. c tl.hr . ..,1 • >;) . lk ......-41/4 ;10, , - - , .. _c J ~.. -, , Ar ..... . . ~.,. - WI, , , ,; , ...,,-.t.„.,0 : \ , . \N . ,:. , \NtAr / , -,. .... ~:,....., 1

===== 0002601_19040227_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST HIPPODROME SENSATION.

The latest sensation at the London Hippo- drome is described in the programme as The Donatellis—The Living Cycling Arena." There are two Donatellis. Before they per- form their great feat, they do other surpris- ing things with a bicycle. One Donatelli fixes a pair of horizontal bars to his shoul- ders, and, thus equipped, rides his bicycle. While he is going round the ring, the other Donatelli jumps up and gives a display of his skill on the horizontal bars. For the performance of the great feat the more passive of the two Donatellis prepares him- self by putting a light frame on his shoulders. Four short rods protrude above The shoulders and these rods fit into four sockets under the

===== 0002601_19040227_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LIVING CYCLE ARENA.

cycling track that Donatelli is to bear. The track is carried, into the ring by some dozen men, and it certainly appears to be a very weighty piece of apparatus. When it is properly fixed on the shoulders of one Donatelli, the other one leaps up on to his bicycle in the track. Then someone shouts "Go," the audience are very quiet, the band stops, and the rider Donatelli flies round and round the track on his bicycle. He goes so fast that everyone's attention is drawn to him, and people forget that the track is being held all the time on the shoulders of one man. However, when the performance is finished the audience realise its danger and difficulty, and applaud ac- cordingly. It is certainly a very wonderful feat, and one which we believe has never before been attempted.

, / I H : .1 .1 ,e7\ms%w\m'Amoor • 11,..q.-zi0,p,,,,, ~,. —l,3uNxi,., 1 ~ wyl,friy-. 1 . '----'l'• ''',.l. , 11 ' " 'PA ,-.41,-,.'- 1 -,,,,11:',eti',7,,,',:41111*.(::'''':'14.1:' i::.-I\—.:l.'.til‘:::•.;—.:ll.'-*':. -!1-1:: '1.:..1.---/111:'.."-'14:11:11.:' .!:::".-''.• g ''. ' I f;'''' : ''''''''' ,Z ,'', 0 ' s. '. L! , .1.- 11 VI 101 . li 1 1 4 ~_ "? , ' .;:. ' ' 17,ifiii 1 . '.z '' i ' . I' i 11 f ' I 1111011111161 Q 1: & • 46 JP

===== 0002601_19040227_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW MID-HERTS MEMBER

It is unlikely that, when Mr. Vicary Gibbs acted as agent for the British Government in the acquirement of the Chili warships re- cently on sale, he 'realised that it would cost him his seat in Parliament. However, having made a personal profit upon the transaction, he was forced by the rules of the House to resign and offer him- self to his con- stituents for re- election, and St. Albans, despite its Conservative traditions and cathedral asso- ciations, e- jected him in favour •of a Radical and a Nonconformist. This was due to no personal motives, but to a desire for a completechange and the election MR. BAMFORD SLACK, Mr was fought mainly upon the question of the Education Bill. The new member for Mid-Herts is Mr. John Bamford Slack, the well-known Queen Vic- toria Street solicitor, who was born at Rip- ley in Derbyshire on July 11th, 1857, so he is still quite a young man politically. He practised as a solicitor for some years in the Midlands and first entered politics by seeking election for the borough of Ilkeston on the Derbyshire County Council. He was always closely connected with all Methodist and temperance movements, and, upon coming to London in 1889, Mr. Bamford Slack not only continued his practice as a lawyer, but also kept up a close connection with both these causes. He is, also, a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society, the Zoological Society, and the Bioliographical Society, and he is considered an authority on old books. His hobby is mountaineering, and he was edu- cated at London University, of which he is a B.A.

k, It• A tr-gife;--74 ' la :(.4-'7 , 4. .H i .il.„ fi 14 1

===== 0002601_19040227_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
A RYE RELIC.

From Rye in Sussex comes an interesting appeal for subscriptions. 'lt emanates from the Vicar and Churchwardens of that cele- brated Cinque Port, which was in its day the " Spithead " of the country, affording harbour to as many as a hundred ships at a time. The appeal is directed especially to archologists, antiquarians, and all interested in Church work, and its object is to raise 1,20.0 to buy up the old monastery chapel for the use of the church. It stands on Conduit Hill, which leads out of the High Street, and although a very quaint and in- teresting old building, it is, however, com- paratively modern in relation to other parts of the town, as it only dates from Henry VIII.'s, reign, whilst they go back two and three hundred years further still. It was originally the home of the Augustine Friars until th d tablishment, but in 1572 it

===== 0002601_19040227_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
LE OLD RYE MONASTERY

saw a complete change, when it was ,taken possession of by Huguenots who fled after the massacre of St. Bartholomew's Day, and were reinforced in the following century by others exiled, by the Edict of Nantes. • Since then it has had many vi.cissitudes, and been put to many uses. This erstwhile monastery chapel has served as barracks for the soldiers quartered in the town, a theatre, a malt- house, a storehouse, a wool warehouse, and, last of all. as a " Salvation. y " meeting house. Thus, from its strange and romantic history, religious and secular, its restoration and final acquirements should appeal to all classes specially approached.

A rrn

leir lises., _____,...-- -----. ..-7.----z------,--- " , A... .137's XillitlaltiTliiVil jJ . . ..o% .... "--. .- , 10" - - 11 • . {. 1 L • -4_, „ .13 ijl TH-

===== 0002601_19040227_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPURE BLOOD.

The blood is the fountain of life. It is impossible for good health to exist where impure blood is found. Think for one moment, each separate drop of blood finds its way into every portion of the body many times a day. Should it be impure it is carrying disease into such important organs as the kidney, liver, stomach or lungs. "Skin eruptions and sores broke out upon me," says Mrs. Florence Barker, 13, Plevna-street, Hunslet, Leeds. "They were worse at the back of my neck, where boils and breaking-out kept me in constant misery. All manner of troubles grew out of this. Headaches, kidney troubles, and back- ache were among them. At last, when I was bent with pain, t Nrmented with running sores and boils, qnd constantly giddy and dizzy, a friend told me of Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills. A trial soon proved their worth, for quickly by their aid I was restored to perfect health." Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills, a per- fect blood purifier, cure liver and kidney complaints, biliousness, indigestion, constipation, piles, dyspepsia, female ailments, eczema, pimples, and blotches. Sold by leading chemists and stores, price is. -lid. per bottle or on receipt of price from The W. H. Comstock Co., Ltd., 21, Varringdon Avenue, London, E.C. FREE SAMPLE. Mention this paper and enclose id. stamp for postage.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLARY.

Annual District Lodge Session.

The annual session of the South-West Lancashire Dis- trict Lodge of the 1.0.G.T., was held on Saturday in the Wesley Hall,Soho-street, Liverpool. Bro. the)Rev. J. A. Lee, D.C.T. (Liverpool) presided over a large attendance of representatives and visitors from the various parts of the district, which extends from South- port to Warrington, and from Liverpool to Leigh. A large number of distinguished visitors were received from West Cheshire, India, North Stafford, and Malta. Thirty-eight candidates were admitted into D.L. degree. The reports of the D,C.T. and the D. Sec. (Bro. Morris Jones, Liverpool) showed that although there was a decrease on the year's working, there was an increase of 10 on the last quarter. Activity was shown in the various lodges. The cause of the decrease in some of the lodges seemed to be the depression in trade. The Earlestown, Warrington and other country lodges seemed to be suffering from this cause, especially Warrington where the lodge although reporting a decrease of 12 on the quarter and 20 on the year, never worked harder in their existence. (Hear. bear-) The D. Sec. urged that more public work should be taken part in. He said the Executive would arrange during the coming year, a good series of demonstrations and church parades, weather permitting. (Laughter.) The report of Bro. G. B. Walker, D. Treasurer showed a balance in hand of £8 is. 9d. Bro.E. Newman,D.S.J.T.(Earlestown)gave an interest jag report of the work among the juveniles and appealed for more help from the adult members of the order. There was a decrease of members on the quarter. Bro. G. S. Schofield, D.E.S., reported on the electoral work of the district which was quite up to the usual standard of efficiency. The report contained a very strong anti-compensation resolution which was enthusi- astically received. .

wirrhe reports of the• Foreign Correspondent,Registrarlof Templar Institute, Grand Lodrzs collector and Orphan- age collector showed interest being taken in all these departments except the Templar Institute. The reports were all accepted with thanks to the officers.

A petition was read from the Tvldesley lodge, asking to be transferred to the South East Lancashire Dis- trict. This was granted subject to the approval of the Grand Lodge.

The eleciiou of the representatives to Grand Lodge resulted in the election of Bros. J. A. Lee. G. B. Walker, R. D. Pettarson (Liverpool), E. Newman (Earlestown), and Sister Duncan (Liverpool). The result of the election of officers was as follows: —D.C.T., Bro. the Rev. J. A. Lee (Liverpool); D. Coun- cillor, Bro. R. D. Petterson (Liverpool); D.S.J.T., Bro. E. Newman (Eawlestown) ; D E.S. Bro. Rycroft (Liverpool); D. Sec., Bro. Morris Jones (Liverpool) ; D. ',Treas., Bro. G. B. Walker (Liverpool) ; D.V.T., Sister Rycroft (Liverpool); D. Chaplain, Bro. Oliver (Liverpool); D. Marshall, Bro. J. Parr (Leigh) • D.A. Sec., Bro. F. S. Jones (Liverpool; D. Guard., lire. J. Sheath (Warrington). The officers were installed by Bro. Dunning, P.D.C.T. (West Cheshire) and the session closed at about 10 o'clock, having lasted from 2 o'clock with an hour's interval for tea.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE " SANIT AS COMPANY, LIMITED.

The annual general meeting of the " Sanitas "Com- pany, Limited, was held on Wednesday, February 24th, at their Limehouse Works, under the presidency of Mr. C. 'P. Kingzett, F.1.C., F.C.S. The Chairman congratu- lated the shareholders upon the continued prosperity'of the business, notwithstanding the generally depressed state of trade tbrougboat the country and the bad weather which bad been very adverse to their interests. In particular, be directed attention to the "Pine- Oxygen" Treatment of Consumption and Lung and Throat Affections which had been elaborated by the Company' and he ant;eipated a growing trade in the sale of "Sanitas "Oil and" Sanitas " Fumigators and Inhalers, which appliances are associated with that treatment. It was pointed out that this treatment of consumption is inexpensive and is within the reach of the very poor as well as the rich, while it does not necessitate residenee abroad and obviates the rigours of the so-called open-air cure. Reference was also made to a new Antiseptic Dentifrice the Comppy had recently placed on the market known as Zanol." Turning to the accounts of the Company, after making provision for bad and doubtful debts, repairs to plant and machinery, and advertising, a final dividend and bonus of 4 per cent. was declared (making a total dis- tribution of 7i per cent. for the year), the sum of .£5OO was carried to depreciation, £1,500 to reserve, and a balance of £2,227 forward to 1904.

THE EARLESTOWN BURGLARY.—ANOTHER ARREST. On Thursdavat the Ness ton-la-Willows Police-court. Robert Kirkliaro, of Southport, was charged with having received thirteen, watches, three rings, arida set of gold studs. which had been stolen several weeks ago from Mr. Callander's pawnshop, Maft.et-street Earles town. Two Southport men named Reynolds and Moran have already been committed for trial for being con- cerned in the burglary. Li giving evidence to justify a remand, Polies-constable Butler, who received prisoner from the Southport police, s‘ated that when charged prisoner adynitLed receiving four of the watches, but was not aware that they had been stolen. Kirkham was remanded in cusiody until Saturday.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
F A.TAL _l3 URNS,

On Tuesday night Emma Wilde, twenty-five years of age, wife of James Wilde, Canal-street, Runcora, cited from the effects of bcins received on October 21thlast. The woman bad set her clothing onfire by attempt:ng to extinguish some lighted paper, and rec3ived sekious injuries and shock.

, I Twenty-five Centuries ago. 1 As far back as 480 B.C. mustard was known and highly valued—as a medi- cine, and each person made his own supply. To-day we use it as condiment; it gives to most dishes the admirable appetising touch that makes eating such real joy—and most people now the world over use Colman's Mustard. ii 44-VAP 1 ii 4 ! A7,,' - ' , ..,., A ti fg ri • la . ~, , ~ A _ ^ i

, THE SETTLEMENT OF WESTERN CANADA. The favourable reports from persons who have settled and are farming in the Canadian West have assisted in removing questions of doubt as to the fertility and productiveness of the land upon which the British people are invited to locate. These, together with the unexampled success which has followed the efforts of the farmers of that country, should, and widoubtedly will, result in a vast number of those who feel that their conditions are not as satisfactory as they should be—selecting Canada as offering the best opportunities for future success in life. The Government of Canada continues its offer of a free grant of 160 acres of land to every man over 18 years of age. Over 32,000 persons, representing considerably over 100,000 people, have taken advantage of this offer of the Government within the past 12 months, representing an area settled upon of 5,000,000 acres of hurl. Although the Government has already made free grants to actual settlers to the extent of about 12,000,000 acres, there is yet an area many times as great, and of soil as rich and productive, ! still to be had. The land is simply in its virgin state ' waiting caltivation. Those who contemplate taking advantage of these free lands, either immediately on their arrival in Canada or after a year or so spent on a ifarm gaining practical experience before going out,‘are advised taplace themselves in communication with Mr. W. T. R. Preston, Canadian Emigration Mee, 11 and 11 Charing Cross, London, and there obtain reliable in- formation as to the best method to follow. 46

===== 0002601_19040227_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
COTTON VERSUS SUGAR GROWING.

Mr. George Hughes, a well known West Indian chemist has introduced a process by means of which the pith of the sugar cane is converted into a meal containing 75 per cent. of digestible matter, which has the remarkable property of being able to absorb over five times its own weight of Molasses. It can then be shipped in bags to any part of the world as a cattle food, and mixes readily with the other animal foods. This "IVlolascut " as it is called has proved a great success in Argentine where it has been in use for come time past. It improves the digestion weight and general condition of the animals, and its manufacture has created a new industry ia the West Indies and other sugar growing countries.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
,4 2 '1,711-177A1-7'',- `-'llaa'

~„E%o_7lZi

BE HAD OF ALL CHEMISTS.IN LOXES //14. 2/9k ?41OR SEAIT ANYWHERE ON RECEIPT OF 15.3 it ORBS simPs Br E.T.TOWLE C.IaLOII7; ROW 1107TINCIIAM.

*44.,

FOR THE BLOOD r.S THE LIFE CLARKE'S wow-Fp ED

= TC - OR

===== 0002601_19040227_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
BUD MIXTURE

THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS.

a "We have seen hosts of letters from people who ha.. received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and c1e0.4. the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimotl7i from the _Family Doctor, which goeaan further to say: "Ii ;0 the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought ‘ight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend ' o our subscribers and thepublic generally."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, fro.° whatever cause arising. For ScrotulaoSourvy, Eczema, and Blood Diseases, Pimples,,andlSores of all kinds, its effoo'd s,re marv3llous. It is the only real specific for Gout ii°c; Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood 01'...0 bones. Thousands oVestimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. o'n, lie. each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Por4 prictors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES Dliv COMPANY 1::COLN. Beware of worthless imitiAioas•

4, Thom "eulars v i_eoc( of this" the rnsfaiel _ 1

od. all tha e°ncent It is hi is refre the hoc

===== 0002601_19040227_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,•••

I

===== 0002601_19040227_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

anirh, e Royal Visit to Ireland and Scotland.—The King sp;l Queen are to visit both Ireland and Scotland in the mwng% No definite dates have been settled, but their , jestiea will probably arrive in Dublin'at the end of 41yeril, and will stay for ten or twelve days in Ireland. ire his 9yal visit to Scotlfind will follow,and it is hoped 0 17. ; Majesty will be able to attend a great Scottish "t tri)i tdhi teir . eer review to be held at Edinburgh in May. oYnr7d r Palace has now been put into proper con- e residence, but whether the King will stay b. 42 is uncertain. As a rule his _Majesty likes nothing than paying informal visits at the great country I:01'8es, and it is probable that he will be the guest of Q rd and Lady Derby at Knowsley for the forthcoming brand National at Aintree. The immense park and the dutiful pile of buildings make Knowsley one of the ZiSt country seats in the Kingdom. Some of the celtdiUgs Oate from the reign of Henry VII., and for thil'uries each succeeding Earl of Derby seems to have .Ought it a duty to leave the home of his ancestors Agger than he found it. A.Fatuous Country Seat.—Crichel, the seat of the late g Alington is not a show place; but it is one of the nest country houses in the South of England, and has "Aztte, rtained many Royal visitors. George IV., and Queen Ruelaide frequently stayed there, and the King and reen were, on several occasions the guests of the late ;Vrci Alington Crichel. The famous "white farm" a""ere• on which horses, cattle, fowls, pigeons, dogs, Sze., all white, was established by the first Lady Alington. :L.Ue late Lord Alington was a great racing man as well "" a fine old country gentlemen of the best type, and he elairned descent from Sir Hildebrand de Alington, tr,pLuder Marshal to the Conqueror. 'n° Legend of Glamis Castle.—The late Earl of Strath- _uloce devoted much of his time to breeding cattle, and IT he lived a quiet and pleasant life for eighty years, !t Cannot be said that he was worried to death by the terrible secret which is associated with Glamis Castle. I.9mewhere in the Castle, there is a secret chamber, the Land whereabouts of which are known only, to the El, his heir, and the factor of the estate. The 1120 st awful terrors are associated with the weird secret, awful that no woman has ever known the story. One • the most tragic incidents in Scottish history is also °olated with the family and took place in 1537. aTigY Glarnis being left a widows had married again, 8, together with her son,Lord Glamis and her husband juae was condemned for comspiracy against the life of GP" V. of Scotland, "by poison or witchcraft." Lady b,,nis was burned at the stake, on Castle Hill, Edin- ans"Pl• and her husband in endeavouring to escape was 17aned to pieces on the rocks below the Castle. The was respited and afterwards restored, when it was l• oevered that the whole story was a fabrication. or Romantic Heirloom.—Lord Herries, who also comes fat.La race famous in Scottish history, and is now the hei p tTr-in-law of the Duke of Norfolk, has a prized oo— in which has a happier history. This is an ancient 7.a faded servant maid's cloak, and of all the ancestral eilerures at Everingham Park, it is the most honoured th carefully preserved. Its history is associated with 17j.,-flith Earl of Nithsdale, who joined the Suarts in and was taken prisoner at Preston, lodged at the wer of London, and condemned to death. On the nY before that fixed for his execution, his wife gained Zoes-s to him in the Tower, and disguising him as a wircvaant maid with a cloak and hood, he managed to theei° unchallenged. It is this very 'cloak and hood Thes,e„o carefully preserved at Everingham House. in pari4:4arsing Profession.—An attempt is ma de nurs„,,Liataent to establish the State registration of ere ar, aad of private nursing homes. Both proposals " eeting with opposition, and many of the nurses b.'_.4l to regard them as derogatory to their dignity. root doctors have to qualify and pass examinations bo- rn, they are allowed to practise, and why should not ✓ 'see ?—The well-being of the nursing profession peettilY necessitates some such rule, as at present, any d rs" Can call herself a trained nurse, and many is fact o So., who possess no qualification for attendance on th eh" die Sick. Sick. The proposal that there should be some test .; standard of capability would appear to present ad- "T'tages both to the nursing profession and to the Pliblic in general. t The Advantages of Ambidexterity.—Many peoplehave bought that the teaching of children to depend more Pon the right hand than upon the left, is wrong. From inie immemorial it has been the custom to train up Children in this way, but at many schools the obvious advantage of ambidexterity is at last being recognised, and the children are taught to use both hands and both eyes in equal proportion. To all but a very few, an accident to the right hand prevents them following the ordinary avocations of life, and as two heads are better than one, so also are two hands the one equally well- trained and able as the other. 'Some scientists have held the view that the so-called left-handed person is In some way mentally defective, but, instead of this teing true it is believed that ambidextrous training has both mental and physical advantages, as it givee exer- elBe in equal degree to both sides of the brain. ▪ ihe Pleated Skirt.—lt is undoubtedly a great mis- reit • line to be broad and dumpy, as the fashions are variably adapted for the tall and graceful woman. :tii gis is the case with the short skirt, which tends to Phaeise the dumpiness of the plump woman, and the Pleated skirt, which promises to be all the vogue this BPting, adds still more to her bunchy appearance. Some ;?..f this effect however, may be reduced by running ":„,,Pc's round the inside of the skirt, down to the knees irl.oh will keep the pleats flat, and close fitting. For -16 ahort and stout too, the skirt should only barely be the ground. For the tall and slim it may be shorter rtci for such in statnre,nothing looks nicer than a well- tiug pleated skirt, displaying neat ankles and dai fll''l 11Y shod feet. Collars and Sleeves.—Collars—high, transparent, and 'lted somewhat in the Medioe fashion—which stand b..'" away at the back of the neck and leave the throat ers hi front, are in high favour for semi-transparent t 'liner or theatre blouses, so also are the very high l'ausParent, all-round collars,but the latter though chic ?I) Id becoming, are, however well manipulated,anything ojenfortable wear. Another pretty old world re- taal is the ruffle or pleating of chiffon at the back of t llE'ck• This should reach to just below the ears,and .he blouse should be cut slightly—very slightly—square vilfront. A dog collar of pearls, or the now modish "'vet band, finishes the neck. With regard to sleeves in:odistes are pushine the fulness more and more to just !ow the elbow. It is difficult to fix upon a period en sleeves were—taken altogether—more unbecoming ,Kall they are at the present time,and there seems little all a ee of matters improving during the spring and I °Miner. In the lighter fabrics, however, they have a Zs clumsy appearance, than when built in heavier —aterials and with this ray of comfort we must rest nontent. a_Taseels and Buttons.—The craze for tassels has evi- t.ently been revived again, for the majority of the new liPl'ing toilettes are showing this form or omamenta- tit?. There are tassels in gold and silver, oxidised 'll;:etis• also tassels of silk, braid, cord, and even beads. tule dressmaker, however will do well, when such he,.." ,mines as fringe, buttons, and tassels, are placed in Um' 'ands to use -them sparingly. The usual fault of wterir is to be lavish and somewhat plaster her IT;'IN, thus giving it away as "home made." The buttons eovg.reater favours among leading dressmakers are those II "'red in velvet or cloth, and embroidered with the rflest beads. Any girl with a taste for this description `t)i work can thus cover a set for herself, which any ressmaker or tailor will accept. MADGE.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
"I REALLY MUST USE VI-COCOA."

Thousands of men and women, after reading the par- tvie.ulars published respecting the merits of Dr. Tibbles' 7.°J'eaa have been induced to become regular drinkers :I,: 'ids Popular fond beverage. But many have said te "f"e.ruselves, "I really must use Vi-Cocoa," and have ailed to do so. Why? There is no more agreeable :11„el,in"Pensive cocoa on the market. A Gd. packet or ",°Q. or ls. 6d .;tin is value indeed, for Vi-Cocoa does all th •. at it is claimed to do, and there is no so-called c°ll.contrated or foreign cocoa in the world to equal it. :sellighlY nutritious, imparts stamina to the system 'e'reshing to the weary brain worker, and recuperates he body after physical fatigue. •

===== 0002601_19040227_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.

We may rest assured that the rulers the world of dress are now busy evolving novelties with which to relieve the recent monotony of the modes, and that in a few weeks our eyes will be gladdened by the debut of the early spring fashions. In the mean- time, however, we must rest content with things as they are; and, indeed, we have little cause for complaint when we review the present style of dress which, although rather elaborate, is exceedingly becoming and artis- tic. The prudent-minded of us will seize the opportunity offered by the best firms of reduced terms during the silly season and. trusting that Madame La Mode will not in- dulge in anything very startling in the next few months, will order a tweed or serge gown which, if simply made but perfect as to cut and fit, will be found invaluable throughout the ensuing months. I always counsel my friends, and especially those whose dress allowance is limited, to deny themselves the many tempting offers of soiled model gowns greatly reduced in price that are on view at

‘04,11.-:' • ' ..,.,. f. I ! 7 * .. : , I, I, . .li . f , , , oi iff.oluo _ •1 1!

===== 0002601_19040227_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEAT COATJ

the recent sales, advising instead a neat cloth serge or tweed costume made by a really good firm, such as can be obtained during this month at the reasonable price of two guineas and upwards. A well-fitted navy blue serge or black cloth costume of not too heavy a make ought with a little renovating and pressing to stand wear for- a whole year. The neat coat sketched is suited also for wear off and on for the next season. It is made of smooth-surfaced but non-spotting and unshrinkable navy blue cloth,, with the capes and stole ends piped with scarlet silk. Many of the seams are also treated in the same manner, and a further finish is given by the ornamental buttons.. This style is smart and simple and suited for a girl of six upwards. The hat which completes the costume is of navy blue felt with a red velvet bow under the brim and a long ostrich feather curling round the crown and over, the brim at the back. There are many very pretty tones of brown in

,•.'-,.;\ --'i 4fx,"aii ' 9 —l. # . . ' —.-7-" -••=e"D. ~,,1_,,.,,., , , \\\,,. • t -,.• T.:N..."...., , (7 i , ,1)\,.,, i, _ _ \ ..,.. \_-/,' .. i ik'''' . . ..„: / , • I I ' ,

===== 0002601_19040227_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
A DINNER BLOUSEJ

which the coat would look very well, for, at present, brown is perhaps the most fashion- able colour. Some of the most fashionable shades might almost be termed bronze, and some of them merge into curious greens, which are certainly novel if not particularly pretty. A contrasting note of bright colour is generally introduced on these dull-toned toilettes; and the most popular as well as the most becoming is cherry, which, so it is whis- pered, will increase in favour as the spring advances. It is certainly a most pleasing colour, and is equally becoming to the fair and the dark complexioned. On the Continent those who dine out do not affect the decollete toilettes worn in this country, but prefer a style of dress which though equally smart exposes the wearer less to the disastrous consequences of a chill. A pretty blouse worn at a dinner in one of the best restaurants by an equally charming Parisienne was made in the style shown in my. second sketch. The material employed was cerise pleated crepe de chine over silk, trimmed with bands of handsome silk embroidery. The neck is cut slightly square to show the dainty throat, while the long semi-transparent

..... - ..: 4 • i • ,(...t., . ' 'Z • ,)- ~ . . . . wit_ die ' ,kx /:1/4.':'''' A.. ,( ..,v, ..,.A

===== 0002601_19040227_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
A USEFUL HATS

sleeves are caught at the wrists into a band of the embroidery. The full frill in front is edged with a narrow ruching of chiffon to match, and the full bodice is drawn in at the wrist by a folded band of velvet. The result is exceedingly chic, and the blouse has the advantage of looking smart with any skirt, although for preference I should advise, if possible, a skirt to match the colour of the blouse as faithfully as possible. If not, then black should be worn, but at present the correct thing, especially for restaurant or theatre wear, is to have the costume of one scheme of colour, bodice and skirt harmonis- ing._

-The useful hat sketched is of a style which is particularly becoming to a round plump face. It is made of white furry-surfaced felt with a large feather porn-porn to match. The brim, however, does not lend itself easily to the wearing o; a veil and, therefore, the com- plexion of the wearer must be able to with- stand criticism, and be sufficiently flawless to obviate the necessity of a transparent veil. The weather of late has been so exceedingly unpleasant that it is a bold woman who ven- tures out of doors without a veil of some sort as one's hair gets so quickly damp and out of curl and, therefore, dishevelled. The new fashion of wearing the veil purled round the brim of the hat and hanging out from the face is certainly advancing in popularity, and one sees some of the smartest women favouring this method,' Very terrible, however, are the results we turned out by a prentice ham', • --- COQUETTEJ

===== 0002601_19040227_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

A Mortuary Require 4

p66A

The monthly meeting of this Council was held a Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. G. Pilling (vice chairman) presiding. There were also present : Messrs. C. E. Linalter, T. Wright, J. Moseley Williams, A. G. Guest, J. Mounfteld, T. Baxter: C. Roylance, J. Spruce, J. L Jones, J. B. Chadwick, T. Antwiss, J. Edwards, T. Darlington, A. Greenway, J. Nickson, with Dr. Adams (medical officer of ihealth), Messrs. W. E. Hough (deputy clerk), W. Farrington (inspector of nuisances), .1 .Swinton and W. Diggle (surveyors).

===== 0002601_19040227_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON SEWERAGE SCHEME

It was reported that at a meeting of the Weston Parochial Committee, Mr. J. Diggle, the engineer for the proposed sewerage scheme dealt fully with the plans, and it was . resolved that a recommendation he made to the District Council that the scheme as prepared be adopted, and that appli- cation be made to the Local Government Board for sanction to borrow £2,500 for the work. It was further resolved that the Manchester Ship Canal Company be required to provide the Rural Council with a perpetual right to discharge sewage from the parish of Weston through the culvert at Folly Brook or to construct and provide such outfall as may be necessary for the dis- charge of such sewage into the river Mersey. The Clerk reported that he had received a tender for an installation oflelectric light in the parish for street light ingipurposes. The matter was referred to the Lighting Committee. The minutes were confirmed, and the Council agreed to make application to the Local Government Board for sanction to borrow £2,500. STOCKTON HEATH'S REPRESENTATION. The Deputy-clerk produced an order from the Cheshire County Council increasing the representation of Stockton Heath on the District Council from one to two members. The order comes into force after April 15th. A MORTUARY WANTED AT WESTON.

-- Mr. R. Dobson, coroner, wrote stating that he had recently held an inquest at Weston Point on a body on which a post-mortem examination had to be made. The body had to be removed to a stable of a public house. Dr. McDougall, who conducted the examin- tigii pointed out in Court the absence of proper pro- viVion for dead bodies. A mortuary properly fitted for the holding of dead bodies was a matter of urgent necessity. Mr. Wright said the question came before the Coun- cil two years ago, and it was considered rather unfair that Weston alone should be put to the expense of pro- viding a mortuary. It was suggested that a boat should be used for the purpose so that it would be available when bodies were recovered at various places in the district. The Weaver Navigation Trustees were ap- proached, but the matter fell to the ground. Mr. Clarke : Is it the duty of the District Council to provide a mortuary? The Deputy-Clerk: It is quite optional with the Council whether they provide a mortuary or not, but they have power to do so. Mr. Linaker said there had been many cases of drown- ing in the Weaver at Frodsham Bridge and the same difficulty existed there as at Weston. He was in favour of a floating mortuary which would serve the whole district.

The Deputy-Clerk said he understood the difficulty was in regard to the mooring of the boat. Mr. Linaltibr : There is plenty of room in the Weaver rear Frodsham Bridge. It was decided to again approach the Weaver Trustees forwarding them a copy of the Coroner's letter and a report of the inquest.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT.

Dr. Adams reported that one case of scarlet fever at Grappenhall and another at Stockton Heath had been notified Grappenhall schoo., which had recently been closed owing to an outbreak of measles, had now re-opened, but, as he was informed that the attend- ance was very meagre, he had requested that further information should be supplied. He received a tele- graphio intimation that a case of smallpox had been discovered at Helsby. but on examination he found that the patient was suffering from chicken-pox. Several ether cases of chicken-pox had been notified. The report was adopted. ELECTRICITY POWER AND GAS BILL.

It was resolved that the seal of the Council be affixed to a resolution supporting the Cheshire Electricity Power and Gas Bill, the object of which is to provide a cheap supply of. electricity and power gas for the purpose of heating and power.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WATER SUPPLY.

The seal of the Council was affixed to agreements with the Liverpool Corporation for the supply of water to Dutton and Preston-o'-th'-Hill and to twenty-six house's at Norley.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ISOLATION HOSPITAL.

The following tenders for the erection of an isolation hospital at Dutton were submitted :—A. K. Irving and Sons, Southport, £6,730; S. Butterworth and Sons, Blackpool, £6,800; Samuel Warburton, Miles Platting, Manchester, £6,500; Nixon and Sons, Runcorn, £7,510; Mr. Appleton, Northwich, £7,475 ; Moore Brothers, Rawtenstall, £6,668 10s. ; White and Sons, • Liverpool, £7,307 3s. 2d.; Marshall and Sons, Ashton-under-Lyne, £5,980 ; Joseph Dolan, War- rington, £6,505; Hughes and Stirling, Liverpool, £6,439; Beokett and Company, Hartford, £7,243 10s.: Dryland and Preston, Manchester, £6,438 2s. 6d.; Robert Neill and. Sous, Manchester, £6,465 ; John Tinmine, 8ury,£7,462 ; Harry Fairclough, Warrington, £6,073 ; Gerrard and Sons, Manchester (no suai stated) ; Robert Hall, Bury, £6,222. The Chairman said the architect's estimate for the work was £6,830. After some discussion the tender of Messrs. Marshall and Sons, Ashton-under-Lyne, was accepted.

THE DUTTON AND PRESTON-6'-TH-HILL; WATERWORKS. Tenders for construction of the Dutton and Preston- o'-th-Hill waterworks wore received as follows : Josiah Dale, Northwich, Ist section of piping £494 3s. 7d. 2nd section, £320• E. A. Ewart, VATarrinuton (1), £523 is. 2d., (2) £285 Bs. ed.; Simonds, Wrexham, (1) £549 19s. 3d., (2) £330 Os. ld.•, Webster and Winstanley, Wigan (1), £6ll 95.•, (2), £371 10s. 9d._; Jackman, Chncley (1), £5BO 4s. 6d.. (2) £342 6s. 6d. • Gourney of !Award (1), £1,650 (2 , £1,100; Farrell, Blackpool, (1), £892 (2), £515 16s. 6d.•, Bennie and Thompson, War- rington (1) £469 19s. 10d. (2), £269 us. 9d.; Jowett &others, Burscougb, (1) £513 38. 6d. (2), £296 17s. Messrs. Bennie and Thompson's tender was accepted.

CLERK OF WORKS REQUIRED. It Was decided to advertise for a clerk of works to superintend the erection of the Isolation Hospital.

YINA'SC E.

Mr. Wright reported -ii;;:i.aTthe last meeting there was a debit balance of £67 14s. Bd. The receipts dur- ing the month amounted to £1156 Bs. 11d., an& the cheques drawn that day to £857 3s. 6d., leaving a balance in hand of 4.231 16s. 9d.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
BRIBERY AT ELECTIONS.

Offender Sent to Gaol at Grimsby.

Thomas Melvin, fish merchant's manager; Henry Brown, club steward; and William Andrew s, tobacco- nist, were indicted at Lincoln Assizes on Monday for bribery at the Grimsby municipal bye-election on Sep- tember 22nd last. -

Mr. Bounor prosecuted on behalf of the Public Prosecutor, and Mr. Walker defended. The case against Melvin was taken first. Mr. Bonnor stating that defendant was alleged to have given several voters one shilling each to vote for Pettit, who was duly returned by a large majority, with the result that the second candidate, Mr. C. W. Barker, instituted a petition for bribery, which was heard at 'Grimsby in December and resulted in Pettit being unseated. •. A number of witnesses gave evidence as to the receipt of a shilling from Melvin, but all of them displayed a unanimity in being certain that Melvin never mentioned the name of any particular candidate. Some amuse- ment was caused by the fact that one of the witnesses was an elderly widow named Otley, her husband being an extown councillor. She bad received a shilling, but was positive Pettit's name was never suggested to her, though she knew perfectly well whom Melvin was working for. She went with "other ladies" in the trap to the polling booth. The charges against Brown and Andrews, though less in the number of cases, were substantially of a similar nature, Brown having, it was alleged, paid a shilling to voters at the Social club, and Andrews a like amount to voters whilst conveying them to the polling booth. Melvin having been found guilty,Mr. Justice Bucknill said that to line him would be a ,farce. The charges 'mei') extremely serious, and as the judges desired to put a stop to bribery at elections Melvin would be sentenced to one month in the second division as a warning that future offenders, if found out, might expect to be more severely dealt with. ' Brown and Andrews were discharged, the judge sug- gesting that no evidenceshould be offered.

CLARKE'S ID 41 Plta..o are warrau:.., LO cure, iu sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges !min tt).e Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains In the hack. Free from illercurv. Established upwards of 31) yerrs. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of. all Chemists and Patent Meolcimi Vendor. throuv.h- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Linco!n and Midland Counties Drugpompany. Lincoln.—

FLORILINE I—roll TB L URETB AND BREATB.--MOTOUFaIy eleenses the teeth from all parasites or impurities. harden anis, prevents tartar. stops decay. and giVEN LO the recti a peculiar pcarly whiteness and a delightful 'fragrant* to the breath. Price '?.s. Ed. for the liquid, or is. pet jar for the 3floriline " Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers. del; VALUABLE DMCOVEBY FOR THE ciArlL—lt your hair is tt,rning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAlti REIBYMEN, for it will positively restore, in every case, Vrey or vot‘ite hair to its original colour. It makes the hair chermiogly es wed as promoting the growth. Price 3s 6d per hitt ie. 4d.t. To ltterrnf BF..—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing'Syrup has bek,!d used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their :hildren v.hile teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the peortufferer immediately. It is pleasant to take ; and produces Dal Lraliartet sleep, ny relieving the child from paio and the little eberuh awakes " as bright as a button.",..,C. all Memel* a lid per bottle. •Advt

===== 0002601_19040227_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
TIRED majEisr.

When you are tired of taking mysterious prescriptions,and weary of wearing Electri•3 Belts, write tome, and I will send you a Book, which shows how every man, young and old, may be quickly and thoroughly cured of NERVOLISNESS. EXHAUSTION, VARICOCELE, and DEBILITY, ftom any cause whatever, WITHOUT STOMACH MEDIC:NE, or ELECTRICITY. Hundreds of cures. Book sent sealed,post free, for two stamps.—A. J. LEIGH, 92 and 93,Great Russell St., London, W.C. Over seventeen years' successful results.

res is a wonderful water proofer for IS BOOTS 8: HARNESS. Sot- Da. tans and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow polish. fag with blacking. riOl- 0 !via:DAL EXHIBITION HIGHEST AVirt4tDS. bbin v"li ,• Tins 2d., 6d., I. 6.216 of Boot i," Makers, Saddler:, Itonmoneers 6.c. Mann/actor', Ea.o,,Thellatch Lonaon. ,

===== 0002601_19040227_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
• r,

DIAL SIDE—SPRING ;T $374j s

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

liegietered No• 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used in the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. o!_l_ge tried, always wantd,, MAKW' D Lf-ttEN LIKENEVC boon ever offered to the Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish tosf.asehedLinen,Lacea,eto It does not stick to spider-web-like materials. BM everywhere in Packets at id., 3d.. and 6d.. each.

k!. The greatest

===== 0002601_19040227_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
IPTIEPARED ONLY BY

T. cement-Ey, Chemist, 131.75CKBEERN. 7, Whiter -rr treet, London, 8.0.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
HARDYS BROMPTON CONSUMPTION ex COUGH:-tSPECIFIC-

For Coughs, Colds aad Lang Complaints. Gives instant relief and ea.

tam n bare. rieasant to take. Highly reoommenueu by the medical profeasion. Prepared by GEO HARDY, late of the Brampton Hospital. Price Is lid, 2s 9d,4s 6d, 11.. of all Chemists, or lost free. RA.RDY'e DROmpTON 00170 H LozaNGEs, (the genuine), in boxes only, (never sold loose.) Bash lozenge stamped Hardy., Price is lid. Depot: 6, Civity,s Inn road, .W.C. (Bsablished nearly a century at Brompton.)

===== 0002601_19040227_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NRW FRRNCH RIIMEDY.

MERAPI()N This suocessful and highly • Popular remedy, as em- ployod in the Continental Hospitals by Rieord Rostanjobert Velpenu, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots,blotches, pains and swelling of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary disease-strietnr discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheumatism,gout sleeplessness.nervous and physical exhaustion,etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2 and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars sendlstampel addressed envelope for pamphlet to

. . MR. R. JOHNSON 43, HOLFORD-13QUARU,', LONDo

===== 0002601_19040227_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
• y WATCHES AND LONG GOLD CHARS

* * ° ,), ~-.1 .4 citi 2 p,, 01 , h., c 2 and a l ‘4' *i d-, . .pphiro , zr.;2,105. an _ Can be purchasea on "Cbc 'C,itties " System o 0., ;,,,A,•-_, DIONTFILY PAYMENTS at the same prices as for 6

Dial,

MANY OTHER DESIGNi

Brilliants, £l5

e, '417 .6' ‹,./IP`

Pearls, £1 ss.

Brilliant, Rubies, or Sapphires, £2. 15s.

igle-stom iamond Rings, from £2 . ss.

Brilliants, £l2.

ILLUSTRATED BOOK of Watches, Clocks, Chains, Rings, Brooches, Bracelets, "Imperial" Plate, Cutlery, Bags, Suit Cases, &c. Sent Post Free.

* ,O. . FOR LADIES ~, '',o.. f ...i , \ _ tr, ---- ----------4-'' - - N .:2te41,146. GOLD (4.3 _ ~ i),7-,, -;----7---311 i • 0 TT / . .._,,,,,, IVATC_ • 4:4:..- il'.2//, , ',...r: ~ ; ', 1-7 -11,k011.-*N' AND / ,01t.'"" • --7.:i-,1,., '*" 4_-, ( '.* cil .0 I .''''.,,,;-.--.7,A1 a r :ii C:: --41: "I'"'" ' t r',* * ' ~., H;J,: , : , , 1 -V..,: , . , , , (41 7' -4 # 1 . ...*4 complete , 'te,., • . ~:'. „.,:v1 g ki. I ..., , o E. ti \l/4.4:W £lO. ''':------,--' - Ladies' Lever Watch in 18-ct. Ladies' Lever Watch in 18-ct. i 5 el ' - Gold Cases, Gilt .p,- Gold llunting, or Half Hunting " o Cases, 7 . 10s. Est TO —,-'-,-..-' 50. 2,„ ,1 ."1:.;,i4--:!4-• ,!;r: f!! %. .4 N es 4 0 rilliant apphires, or Rubies, tb Brilliants, £6. to • - Pi ii 44 , ' Syste lf :S r ices as I !ash. , lail•M - - ---- ,7.41, 41r.1,--MOi il 11, til,_..! .weit) ' ' •‘9'41.1r 017 Sin' le . . ~..,.. <,,-/-,k,..4.....: - 4 -_ .r.: Di: illiants

Ruby. or Sr.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
J.

W. *-.:;ENSON,

Ltd.,

The Premier Watchmakers, Factory:Seaa 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL; LONDON.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

A! .40N.

zhAli

• .4 ;

C

••

..;; • t.ti.

?Ar.,l

:

I

tr't c*:

a)

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE.

GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

EADE'S TILLS.

AN INFALLIBLE REMEDY ! ! Breakfaat Oreek, Brisbane Queensland Dear Sir,—Some 15 years ago I had the misfortune to be attacked with Rheumatic Gout. I tried nearly all the doctors here, but they did not do me muoh good. I saw your advertisement and obtained some of your pills, and I ean.assure you quickly got relief. When I feel any of the pains wining on, two or three pills gen- erally take them away. Many of cay friends have used them, and all say they are an infallible remedy. For myself, I say there are none to equal them. Yours truly S. L. HOWMA.N. EADE'S GOUT PILLS

PICTURE FRAME,

Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all in- jurious matter, midst%) highly rentor tive. Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is lid and 28 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADIti, 2.32, Goswell road, London. HEUMATIC PILLS.

ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

imgest stock

finglish and Foreign Picture Frame-a. Every requisite for the trade. Regildlqg a Sperdelity. of blotil,llngs in the Kingdom. Send for PVlTttitiNT f3k,OK. P-Igee• With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps

IMPORIIOt OF (LAS.

GLASS ETOCK FlC:it ON APPLICATION'.

H. MORELL, 177 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON, we. Warehouses : 11, 12 and 13, Nears Yard, and 41, Neal Street, (in the reit). Telegraphic Addre.: —'• Rabbitry, Lotici,on." Telephone 6135 Central

WEAK, TIRED AND NERVOUS MIEN

a Valuable Descriptive Pamphlet, explaining how all Nervous and Organic Derangements can be successfully tt4eated without the use. of STOMACH MEDMINES OR ELECTRICITY. The Method is easy and pleasant, and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. The Pamphlet is revised, and in pro- gress with the most advanced researches in the subject, tooerber with hundreds of RECENT TESTIMONIALS showing suc- cessful cures. Sent in a plain sealed envelope free of charge. THE ISAARSTON Co., 59 & 60, CHANCERY LANE. LONDON.

Established over 35 years

MERRYWEATHER ON WATER SUPPLY AND

ihoutd send for „ • - 'At ) • - \AN \‘:•\

A , - 4

~... Q , r',.-1 ~ r,....„ ~„,, T,-4i T., r ' , , t i * n,..7 ' - • i.)44‘ -•". 'l' ' -.415P.1'4::7k4W.4i1tZA 'W,'i.'' ..i.a.,i'es`Vstl,"",; '-''',' 4j,e.g11-Zwl •'.s.'''',','sJ 2, v - '4%. v.`, . A1i...i0=1',5 1,--, - --• ~,.. ~ ___^, •, _ -4-v s , • . • .

===== 0002601_19040227_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRE PROTECTION

of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Ropert on EXISTING Arrangements.

WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS:

MERRYWEATEER & SONS, ‘3, LONG ACRE, LONDON, EC.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
4 . P;'

Possess the following qualities in a high degree :

They STRENGTHEN the STOMACH They REGULATE the BOWELS They PURIFY and ENRICH the BLOOD They give TONE to the whole NERVOUS SYSTEM. n no drug of mineral or metallic BEECHAM'S PILLS cmoil,lotiain, but are purely vegetable, mild. beneficent 'and sure.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
They will restore you to health if you give them a chance.

BEECHAM'S PILLS have ever enjoyed tho confidence o Ladies for the ailments peculiar to their sex.

Sold Everywhere in Boxes, price is. 114. (56 pills) and 28. 9d. (168 Pi:is) with full directions.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
5

• (7.

, 3- t fi.) q`

~.,:. ~-,,,,i • ,ili .: 0 ei,:_,4

1 1 ::. , W P, --1 .:i A 'A ~: ~ i 1 -.., k•

===== 0002601_19040227_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
1,."1 , t ' ; t •• 1 i

===== 0002601_19040227_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. I NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paper and sent in, if possible,not later than Thursday.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Sir Howard Vincent, and Chinese Labour.

Sir,—Just at the point in his speech, where he intro- duced the subject of Chinese labour in South Africa, Sir Howard did me the great honbur, this (Thursday) evening, of pickingup from the Chairman's table a copy of my little pamphlet, entitled "One-sided Free-Trade v. Protection,' and, with very kindly grace, he gave explanatory details to show that I had failed to grasp some of tire factors in this problem of "yellow labour." It has occurred to me that many among the audience might perchance infer—from Sir Howard's introductory observations—that I had touched upon this question of Chinese labour, ha course of the pamphlet (a reprint of one out of a series of eight fiscal letters written by me, a while ago), so I 'am burning a little midnight oil to make it quite clear that I have—until now—never pub- lished a line about this importation of Chinese into South Africa. The fiscal articles were written some months ago, before Mr. Chamberlain's campaign, and, of course,prior to this subjeot of Chinese labour coming forward as a public question. As a matter of fact, I was speaking and writing as a Fair-trader, over twenty years ago, and my little pamphlet, and my other recent contributions to the press, were chiefly reproductions of material I had been accumulating during a long period of time. As some of your readers may be interested in hearing how it happened Sir Howard prefaced his remarks, as to Chinese labour by an allusion to my views on the subject, I will briefly outline the circumstances Those who this evening heard the gallant Colonel eordially inviting correspondence from any one who was in doubt upon points connected with the great public questions of the moment, will understand that Sir Howard,like most other really great men, is very approachable, and,knowing his reputation on this point, and also having been for many years a warm admirer of his frank outspokenness, I took the liberty of writing him a few days ago, submitting views strongly opposed to the introduction, into South Africa, of what I then considered as" slave labour." There were whispers iu the town,that Sir Howard was to be " tackled " upon this awkward question, so, pos- sibly, my letter may have done a useful public service, for he entered—more fully than perhaps he otherwise might have done—into !the very heart of the problem tonight, giving us practical details which he had acquired on the spot. Whether my letter had anything to do with it or not, we must give Sir Howard great credit for his generalship in" grasping the nettle,' and, by anticipatory tactics, weakening any opposition party that might have come to Parr Hall,in the hope of creat- ing a scene in regard to a matter af South African policy upon which, undoubtedly, there is just now much public comment—md probably among Conservatives quite as much as among Liberals. Sir Howard -Vincent has won the grand and good name of being one of the Bayards of British politics—a knight without fear and without reproach, chivalrous, truthful, kindly a keen, bat perfectly fair, lighter ; therefdre, when he assures us, from his own pertonal knowledge (and he has visited, in turn, every British possession, and studied most of our Imperial problems on the spot) that Chinese labour is, for a time at any rate, an absolutely indisponsable condition of South African progress, I think we may safely dismiss any doubts or fears we may have individually held, as to the wisdom of the policy. Yours, &c., H. P. HUGHES. Fairfield road, Stockton Heath, 25th February, 1901.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
CRIPPLED GIRLS' FLORAL

EXHIBITION.

A Deserving Work.

The Parr Hall will be the scene of an interesting floral exhibition next week, and Warringtonians will be afforded an opportunity of aiding a most deserving institution—the Watercress and Flower Girls' Christian Mission. Briefly stated, the object of the mission is to train destitute, crippled girls' who think themselves of no use and helpless, to become self-supporting. Girls are received from all parts of the country, and the very beautiful flowers which will be shown at the exhibition are the work of the inmates of the Industrial Homes. The founder and superintendent of the institution is Mr. John A. Groom, who has entered into the work heart and soul. Whilst yet in his teens, he became convinced that something ought to be done for the slum children of London, and especially for those crippbd and afflicted children who were perambulated in the streets by cruel guardians for the purpose of securing alms. At length he waited on the Earl of Shaftesbury and laid the whole matter before him. "Gather as many of these poor creatures together as you can," said the Earl " Get all the girls and children. I will come and see them, and talk with them,and by God's blessing will help them." Mr. Groom did as requested and the Earl listened to the children's tales of sorrow, heroism, suffering and crime. Visibly affected,the Earl said,'Ve will help you if you yourselves will help us to help you." This was the -beginning of the Watercress and Flbwer Girls' Christian Mission' and from that time tne work has rapidly increased. At the homes, the mission workers house the crippled and friendless children, and teach them to make artificial flowers. Thus the girls become not only independent, but receive as pocket money any earnings which remain after paying the weekly cost of board and lodgings. A department has been opened for renovating flowers which would otherwise be dis- carded by ladies as useless. The work is deserving of every support from all classes of the community,and we hope the exhibition, which will be opened on Monday afternoon by the Mayor and Mayoress and continue until Saturday evening, will be a great success. A con- tingent of crippled girls will be in attendance, and visitors to the hall will then be able to see the ac,tual process of artificial horticulture. Music will be supplied by Miss Polly Houghton (soprano), Mr. L. Pownall (bass), Mr. Tom Boothroyd (violinist), Mr. A. Trow (pianist), and the members of Mr. Tom Boothroyd's orchestra. There will be no charge for admission.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
BIBLE SOCIETY CENTENARY. The Celebration on March 6th.

March 6th next is Bible Sunday, and this year the hundredth anniversary of the British and Foreign Bible Society will be celebrated on that day. We commend the following letter from the local secretaries to the attention of our readers. Sir,—May we be permitted to draw the attention of your readers to the advertisement in this paper of the approaching celebration in this district of the hundredth anniversary of the British and Foreign Bible Society. It will be noted that in a large number of churches and chapels arrangements have been signi- fied of intentions to take part in the celebration on Bible Sunday which is March 6th. We trust that it may yet be possible for others to make similar arrangements, and if they will kindly let us know, their services can be inserted in next Saturday's paper. Your readers generally may be interested in knowing that this great Christian Institution during the century of its existence has been the means of circulating 185,000,000 copies of the Bible. It has issued the Bible in 370 languages. It has 7,875 auxiliaries and branches. Its expenditure in 1903, for the year was £254,000. Its entire outlay during its existence has been over £14,000,000. The Society sells copies of Bible, New Testament, and separate books, at nominal prices which the poorest can pay. It has issued 8,000,000 copies of the Penny New Testament, and issues the whole Bible for sixpence. It is desired by this Centenary Celebration to raise a fund of a quarter of a million sterling to meet important claims from all quarters of the world. Further it may be stated that the Centenary Sunday mill be observed all over the United King- dom and in various parts of the Christian world. Their Majesties the King and Queen have intimated their intention of being present on that day in St. Paul's Cathedral, London:when the sermon will be preached by the Archbishop of Canterbury. The Lord Mayor and Sheriffs of London will attend the service in state. Corporations of nearly all the Cities and Towns of this country will attend similar services, and we trust that this fact may find recognition by the Mayor and Corporation of Warrington. We invite co-operation on this great occasion on the part of Christians of all Denominations who desire the world wide circulation of Holy Scrip- ture.—Yours faithfully, E. C. E. CARLETON, JOHN YONGE, S. P. SILCOCK. (Secretaries). February 25th, 1901.

Two girls, who had a skipping rope twisted round their waists, ran from some children with whom they had been playing in Gooch-street, Birmingham, .on Thursday night. In crossing the road one fell in front of a waggon, dragging the other down with her. One child was killed on the spot. The other had both legs broken.

At the funeral at Dover, on Thursday, of Mr. Thomas Longley, the King's heaviest subject, it took ten strong men to carry the coffin, which was of such dimensions that it had to be let through the window, the door being too narrow.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
Rugby Football.

By " &Mist."

Warricgton failed to win again last Saturday, but they accomplished a good performance in drawing at Swinton under circumstances the reverse of favourt able. It may not be quite true but Warrington are- generally regarded by their supporters as a fair- weather team. Certainly a dry day and firm turf are more to Warrington's advantage than they would be to some teams. But on Saturday though rain fell incess- antly and the ground was inches deep in mud the wirepullers” gave a display worthy of their palnii- est days. In fact they only need to combine as well every week to secure honours of the sort which generally contrive to elude their grasp. Swinton were outplayed at every point, and nothing but luck pure and unadulterated prevented them being beaten by a handsome margin. The form of the visitors quite surprised the crowd,whoprobably anticipated a couple of points at Warrington's expense. Instead they were glad when the final arrived and the Blues were safely in possession of one point.

Some referees would have been inclined to declare the match off, so bad were the conditions for serious football, but Mr. Priestley evidently preferred to get the fixture over. Nobody anticipated anything but a scramble, yet strange to say, the game was really well worth watching. There was more open football by far than one sees in many an encounter where there is no excuse for keeping the ball close. Warrington, in particular, did some excellent passing and running only to fail at the critical moment, often by ill-luck. Twice for instance a pass forward resulted in the scorer being brought back, while Harris was checked by Chorley no less than three times right at the corner when it seemed a guinea to a gooseberry on him getting in. The impossibility of doubling on the miry surface probably had a lot to do with Harris's failure to get through, but I should never have believed that he could have been so effectually checked on the verge of the line by any full-back three times in succession had I not been there to see.

For once in a way the Warrington forwards dis- tinguished themselves. Though the Blues appeared to. have the bigger men Warrington always had a slight pull in the scrummage, and this resulted in the backs being kept going. Both Hockenhall and Bate lost no time in slinging the heavy ball to 'the three- quarters once they saw that the quartette could easily out-manouvre the opposition. Bate sent some particularly good passes—necessarily slow on this occasion—while Hockenhall seemed to be everywhere. His defensive work and spoiling tactics were of great service to Warrington. Fish was perhaps the worst of the Warrington backs, for he seemed quite out of his element in the mud and moisture which abounded. Sprinting was out of the question and more than once he had to resort to a punt owing to the shocking foot-hold. Still he would have won the match in the first five minutes had not Isherwood mulled a lovely pass near the line. The captain did good work afterwards which atoned somewhat for the blunder. Both full backs shone on the defence and had a good deal to do with the score- sheet remaining blank to the end.

Dave Traynpr made a re-appearance in first-class football, but I could detect no indications of his ever being much use to the Blues' third line. He was too slow to be effective, and on Saturday when the ball came his way, he generally found that Isherwood or Dickenson came with it. Opposite Harris was a lengthy wing man known to fame (?) as Martin Burrows, and a regular muff he proved. Possibly there is enough football in him to make a scrummager, but nothing else. He was outclassed by his opponent, who proved a thorn in the side of the Blues.

I During the week 'Broughton Rangers have beaten Keighley 7-0, and Wigan have defeated Huddersfield 10-2.

The League tabre up-to-date,:is as follows : For. Against. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. Pts Hunslet 26...18... 7... 1...37 37-185...15 21-93...37 Salford 25...17... 6... 2...43 59-263...11 20-82...36 Bradford Leeds 23 ..16... 4... 3...20 38-154...10 18-74...35 Br'ghton R 25...16... 6... 3...23 61-229...21 18-95...35 Oldham 23...15... 9... 2...23 38-166-11 15-67...32 Warrington 24...12... 9... 2...21 33-141...15 21-93...27 Hull K't'n R 26...12...12... 2...19 27-119...14 31-121. 26 Halifax 25...11...11... 3...18 18— 90...19 1892...25 Swinton Runcorn ... 24...10...13... 1-26 25-127...28 38-170..21 Wigan Leigh Batley 26 7..16. 3..15 19— 87...40 45-215..17 Hull Widnes 26. 6..16. 4..15 15— 75...25 51-203..16 Keighley ...24... 5...14... 5...24 11— 81...34 48-212..15 Huddersfild 25... 6...19... 0...12 30-114...35 51-223..12

My suggestions last week with regard to experi- ments in the WA division of the first fifteen have aroused considerable interest, and I am indebted to a number of correspondents for kindly giving me their views. Counter-suggestions are volunteered in some cases, and altogether there is plenty of matter for careful consideration, the importance of which is en- hanced by the near approach of the cup-ties. It is necessary that the Warrington attack should be strengthened, and perhaps some of the suggestions given below may help the Clnanaittee in effecting the desired improvement.

" WELL-VASH ER " writes:—" The football notes of 'Ovalist,' at all times interesting,were especially SO in last Saturday's issue by reason of the daring proposals therein contained. Those proposals were to play Fish centre three-quarter and Thomas half- back. In my opinion bothpropositions are worthy of serious consideration. Warrington has this season played six half-backs and yet the position is unsatisfactorily filled. Thomas has displayed skill speed, and resource in open field work which entitle bim to a trial at half-back. Salford, when Lomas was admittedly the finest half-back in Lancashire, did not hesitate to play him centre threequarter. So let Warrington Committee 'take their courage ml both hands' and try Thomas at half. At the worst it is but one more to the list of experiments, but it may be the strengthening of Warrington's weakest spot. Changes in the third line might not be necessary with capable half backs. Still the change of Fish to the centre position is worthy of trial. It has been intensely irritating to spectators to see a player with the abilities of Fish simply unable to get the ball. Jack is one who can make his own play and granted he handles the ball oftener there is more than an even chance the scoring would be larger. As one anxious for the welfare of the W.F.C., I should like to see your proposals acted upon."

" SPECTATOR " says :—" I was very pleased to see your remarks re the changes in the Warrington team. I think it is time our genial captain had a rest to get in trim for the cup ties. With regard to putting Thomas in the half-back position I partly agree with you, but it would certainly lessen the weight of the pack. The Committee have not been so wide awake as they might have been in the search for players. or we would not have had so many defeats in Yorkshire.'

" MEMBER " writes: "I think your suggestion in last week's Examiner is a very good one, and the asking for opinions and ideas is one that should meet with a good response, as the Warrington fol- lowers are most loyal to the Primrose and Blue,and the Football Committee are, I believe, ready to consider any ideas that may be put forward in the right spirit. An experiment I should like to see made is to put Isherwood at half with Davies, bring Fish centre and Kenyon wing. By this 'you have a treble advantage : (1) You still maintain the order of playing,that is Isherwood would play next to Fish. (2) The introducing of our be.st reserve without impairing the defence. (3) You put someone at the base who is not without initiative which is undoubtedly what is required in the War- rington team. I wish the movement so admirably suggested every success."

===== 0002601_19040227_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, February 27, 1904

have, and I, tb.erefore, think your suggestion, if adopted, would prove extremely successful. As regards the halves Thomas might, or might not, make a good half back, but what is the use of robbing one position to strengthen another? The forwards have of late demonstrated that they are not over strong (or do not care to work) and a man like Thomas can ill be spared. Perhaps if we have patience the strong half back dream will be realised when we shall awake to the fact that ths strong threequarter line is no more."

"G. W. " writes ;—" I quite 'agree with what you say in reference to the three-quarters, but so far as half backs are concerned I am not so sure. Thomas would no doubt make a good half back, but who is to take his place in the forwards? We are short of clever men there as it is. I should also like to comment on the way the reserve half backs are chosen. Half backs and three-quarters are changed about, and played first in one position and then the other, which ram sure is bad policy. I refer more particularlyto flockenhall and Mahoney Now, again, what about our scoring ability or rather lack of it, when pressing on our opponents' line? The fault here, to my mind, lies in not getting the ball out to the wings quickly enough. I think if the three-quarters would stand well back, and the half back pass out quickly without attempting to move a yard, our wing men would score oftener in these cases ; other teams can do it. What about the Oldham match when we were pressing continu- ally, and getting possession, and still could not score ! It is all very well for the half back to try to beat his own man, but give the wing man the ball, and plenty of room to beat his man, instead of running him on the touch line first, and I am con- vin9ed we shall get more fun for our money."

Warrington will have an opportunity of avenging one of this season's defeats to-day, when Hull Kingston Rovers are due at Wilderspool. The Rovers' ground was visited an October 31st, when the home team were going ahead strongly, and Warrington were un- fortunate in sustaining defeat by a penalty goal to nothing. Since those days the Rovers have come down the ladder of fame somewhat and now hold a position inferior to Warrington in the League table. They should be conquered by a handsome margin to-day if current form is anything to go by.

The home team will be the same as at Swinton, with the exception that Fairhurst, the old original "Silver," comes into the forwards in place of Lunt, while Davies takes Bate's position behind the scrum. He will be at liberty again after to-day. The team therefore is: Hallam, full back; Fish, Isher- wood, Dickenson, and Harris, three-quarters; Bate and Hockenhall, half-backs ;Boardman, Thomas, Cook, Edmondson, Fairhurst, Naylor, Jolley and Harmer, forwards.

At a meeting of the Lancashire County Union Com- mittee on Tuesday evening the following players were awarded county caps :—F. Baxter (Rochdale Hornets), A. S. Boardman (Warrington), and H. Buckler (Salford). It wits resolved that championship medals be presented to the president and the whole of the players who had taken part in the championship tourney.

A Northern Union County match was played at Birkenhead on Wednesday between Cheshire and Durham and Northumberland. The teams proved well matched and it was only in the second half that Cheshire secured a lead of 8 points to four.

she first heard of Dr. Peter Stuart's Celebrated Skin Soap eighteen months ago. She tried it, and her skin almost immediately became rough and dry and spotty. (Laughter.) She dropped its use at once. Amy Winterbottom, a widow, of Birkdale, said she tried the soap, because it had the name of Dr. Peter Stuart on it; she thought she would risk it. (Laughter.) The first application, last February, irritated herskin ; the second application was followed by:a.blotchall over her face,like nettle rash.(Laughter.) After that she sent the soap down to the servants in the kitchen. (Loud laughter.) Cross-examined by Mr. Stuart Brown (for the defend- ants), witness admitted that, to some extent, shd had experimented with soaps, and some irritated her, as well as the defendants' soap. Only Old Castile and Brown Windsor agreed with her. (Laughter). By 'Mr. Taylor (for plaintiff): She tried the "Peer- less Erasmic ' soap, also sold by defendants' but could not use it; it would not enter the skin. (Laughter). Mr Stuart Brown: What has that to do with the present case ? Let us try one soap at a time. (Laughter). Mr. Taylor: It has a great deal to do with the case, because these two soaps. with different names, are practically one anl the same. THE CASE FOR THE DEFENCE.

Mr. Pickford, in opening-the—defer-Cce,-;;ICI the case divided itself into two ~,Lparts. First, did the plaintiff authorise the use of his name? and secondly, did he authorise the use of his name upon the soap now being sold, or were the defendants selling under his name a different and inferior soap? He (counsel) grieved to do it, but he had to ask the jury to say that the account of the matter given by Dr. Stuart was absolutely untrue, as shown by his own d,eolaration and the deelarations of other people which were used by him in his application for registration as the prescriber of the soap. There was no shadow of doubt that plaintiff knew that Crosfield's intended to sell the snap. If \lr. iViazzini Stuatt's evidence was cor- rect, there must have been absolute, downright, solid lies. Although all connected vvith Dr. Stuart knew that his honour was deeply hurt,and that his life was a misery the extraordinary thing was that the way they went to •assist him was not to get his name off the soap, but to ask for payment for keeping it on. Proceeding, counsel argued that after the defendants had submitted an analysis of the soap, in 1893, it was found satisfactory, and the matter was dropped for five years. He asked the jury to say that plaintiff knew all along that the soap was being sold, and to disbelieve his brother's evidence that plaintiff did not know about the renewed application for royalty in 1898. The whole thing had been a ques- tion of royalty, and when that was pointed out in 1898 to plaintiff's solicitors,the statement was not challenged and the matter was dropped again till 1903. The second part of the case was not whether the soap now sold was an ideal soap, but whether it was a libel to couple plaintiff's name with it. Upon that he would call medical, chemical, and other evidence to show that the article was good and ,satisfactory, and that, with the exception of some infinitesimal changes in manufacture, was the same as that recommended by the plaintiff twenty years ago, and ablelutely the same as indicated in the analysis in 1893._ ____

===== 0002601_19040227_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
POOR BUT HAPPY. A PEEP IN THE RAGGED SCHOOL ML PARR ENTERTAINS 403 CHILDREN

The rafters of the Ragged School resounded with the merry mirth of over 400 poor but happy children on Wednesday evening on the occasion of a treat pro- vided by Mr. J. Charlton Parr. Mr. and Mrs. Parr were present, and their hearts must have been cheered by the happiness which they saw around them as the result of their generosity. Seated on wooiden benches, and packed closely together, were some 400 youngsters dipping into paper bags and withdrawing slices of bread and butter and cakes of various descriptions. In front of them were long tables bearing tins and cups, into which a number of vol- untary workers were pouring hot tea. In many a Warrington home such fare would not be considered much of a treat, but the delight depicted on the faces of the young recipients who were assembled in the Ragged School, seemed to indicate that such treats did not come their way very often andlthat the best must be made of the present opportunity. The depression in trade has caused acute distress in certain quarters of the town and some of the poorest children are amongst the chief sufferers. Many of them repair to the Ragged School for warmth and shelter in the evening, and here they meet with kindly-natured and sympathetic teachers who endeavour to influence them for good and train them in the way they should go. That these efforts are appreciated is proved by the willingness with which many of the children as they grow older, lend a helping hand in the work of the Ragged School. Of the many workers who were to be seen attending to the wants of the little ones on Wednesday evening, the great majority were young people who a few years ago were themselves young scholars in the school. They have been found situations in the town and are endeavouring to rise above the undesirable conditions in which their early years were spent. Mr. Parr's guests on Wednesday evening were for the most part ill-clad. Here and there, a collar was to be seen but cuffs and collars are rare at the Ragged School. The majority wore clothing, not exactly ragged, but ill-fitting, suggesting that it had been made for someone else, and after serving its purpose, had been given away as a cast-off. It was refreshing to see that the children came with clean hands and faces. However poor they may be there is no excuse for dirt and the officers endeavour to inculcate habits of cleanliness. They have not yet been successful in inducing the Water Committee to give them a supply, of water, so that the children may have a good "tub- bing," but this will come, we imagine bye and bye At the close of the repast, Mr. Skelland, the veteran superintendent, blew a whistle and there was instant attention. It was evident that discipline is not a negligible quantity at the Ragged School. At the superintendent's suggestion ,hearty cheers were raised for Mr. and Mrs. Parr, and none who heard those cheers could deny that there is a great deal of latent lung power among the children of the poor. They afterwards adjourned to the room upstairs where ithey had further opportunities of developing it at a. I magic lantern entertainment. Photos of local cele- I brides were shown on the screen and they were cheered in a measure proportionate to the children's knowledge of them as patrons of the Ragged School. In looking round the premises one cannot fail 0 be struck with their adaptability for the purposes to which they have been put. An upper floor has been put in and there is now an excellent room for meet- i• ings upstairs. The lower portion is used for smaller '• meetings, and there is a servicable kitchen, and care_ takers living rooms in close proximity. What wa I formerly the Registrar's office is now used as a coma Imittee room, and immediately above there is a room- ' which would make an excellent reading room, but lack of funds has, up to the present, prevented it from being used for such a purpose. This I old County Court building has not yet I lost all its dinginess. The old gas brackets give I but a fitful glimmer, and the window frames are of I such an antiquated type as to require immediate atten- tion. The Committee are desirous of completely renovating the premises. Up to the present they have been concerned in paiiing for the building. The ;whole of the cost, upwards of ,Sl,OOO has been raised, chiefly through the instrumentality of the drum and fife band, and the committee are now in possession of a building, standing on freehold land, the entire cost of which has been paid. Efforts are now being put forth for renovating the building. The walls- are very dirty and require cleaning. Then the lighting needs attention, and a suggestion has been made to introduce electric light. The necessary alterations will involve .an expenditure of £2OO, in addition to the usual expenses of the school, and it is believed that the money will be hrthcoming if the work is undertaken in earnest. It is the desire of the committee to make the school a greater centre for religious and social purposes than hitherto. There is no reason why the Ragged School should not become the acknowledged institution of the town for giving a helping hand to poor children who cannot help themselves. J. H.

"ONE OF THE DERVISHES" writes :—" While there can be no doubt as to Isherwood's all-round abilities as a footballer I, along with others' have, of late, looked in vain for those brilliant dashes which are so characteristic of his play when in form, and it is quite apparent he is getting, as you say, overworked; and not only in his own Interest, but in view of the heavy work which the fast approaching cup-ties may involve.l think he should not hesitate to stand down if required. In that case A builder's labourer, named George Bliley was killed the Committee could not do better than adopt your on Thursday by falling from the top-of Rochester Cathe- suggestion of placing Fish as centre with Kenyon dral. Bailey was in the employ of the contractors for wing, and this would not only materially the reconstruction of the tower, and was assisting to improve the speed and dash of the three-quarter erect the scaffolding, when a rope he was fixing, and line, but would give the latter a chance of display- upon which his weight was thrown, suddenly snapped in ing his abilities in first-class company at home. Not two, and precipitated him to the ground. Death was only so but playing along with Fish must tend to almost instantaneous. Bailey leaves a• wife and four bring out and improve the good qualities he may children.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
A Damns GRIEVANGE

ACTION AGAINST MESSRS JOSEPH CR3SFIELD AND SONS, LIMITED. Dr. Pater Stuart's Skin Soap. DAMAGES ONE FARTHING.

At the Liverpool Assizes on Slturday Mr. Justice Jell and a special jury began the hearing of an action in which the plaintiff is Dr. Peter Stuart, of Rodney- street, Liverpool, and the defendants are Messrs. Joseph Crosffeld and Sons, Limited, soap manufac- turers, Warrington. The action was brought,according to the pleadings, to prevent the defendants from selling a soap manufactured by them as the plaintiff's soap and as recommended by the plaintiff, and also from issuing' a circular which the plaintiff said was libellous. The de- fence was that the plaintiff had allowed the defendants so to manufacture and sell the soap for a series of years without any attempt to prevent them. It was further denied that the circular is libellous. Mr. Taylor, ICC., and Mr.M'Conkey were counsel for the.plaintiff,and Mr. Pickford, K.C., and Mr. Steuart Brown for the defendants. _ _ _ _ _ _

Taylor said that though the plaintiff claimed damages it was not that he wanted to make any money out of the matter, but he sought to obtain an injunc- tion to stop allibel by the issue of certain pamphlets or circulars. In the medical profession one. of the rules obServed was that a practitioner mast not allow him- self to be advertised, so that his professional brethren might say that he was seeking in that way to increase his practice as against those with whom he was in com- petition. Such conduct would be regarded as disgrace- ful. For some years the defendants had been manufac- turing and selling in boxes a soap which was described as " Dr. Peter Stuart's celebrated skin soap, prepared by Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Warrington." It was stated on the boxes that the soap was guaranteed pure and neutral, eminently suitable for delicate and senti- tive skins, and soothing, refreshing, and invigorating. In 1902 a leaflet was inserted in the boxes, headed "Dr. Peter Stuart's skin soap," and stating that the soap was specially prepared from the prescription of a well-known skin specialist. Counsel said he should endeavour to show that in fact the soap was one of the least beneficial soaps for delicate and sensitive skins.lt appeared that in 1882 William Welsby, who was in the employ of Joseph Crosfleld and Sons (the defendant company's predecessor), was a patient of the plaintiff's, and after a conversation with the doctor Welsby said he believed he could produce a good skin soap. Some' time afterwards hd brought some samples to the plaintiff, and the defendants alleged that a verbal arrangement was come to between the doctor and Virelsby whereby the doctor agreed to recommend the soan to his patient 3. From 1831 until 1896 the plaintiff did not know what the defendants were doing with the soap in a commercial sense, but , defendants said that they had been making it up to the present time. In 1893 the use of the plaintiff's name in connection with the soap was brought to the notice of the plain- tiff's brother, who thereupon wrote to the defendants without the plaintiff's authority, suggesting that they should pay the plaintiff a royalty. There was also a letter written to the def)ndants by the plaintiff's wife, but so far as the plaintiff was concerned there was no demand for royalty and he did not receive a penny, but he complained to the defendants of the loss of reputa- tion and the nuisance of being applied to for supplies of the soap. An analysis of the soap recently showed that it contained an undue amount of • caustic soda, which irritated the skin. Whatever might have been the original transaction, plaintiff maintained that the soap now being sold by.defeniants as Dr. Peter Stuart's skin soap was certainly not a soap which he prescribed, recommended, and guaranteed. The plaintiff in evidence, denied that he arranged with the man Welsby about the use of his (Dr. Stuart's) name in cpnneetion with the soap. As a result of the use of his name and the soap being sold at retail shops his life became a burden, because people were constantly thinking it was his soap. Amongst the medical pro- fession it was also a matter of common adverse com- ment.

Mr. Pickford pointed out that the circulars were not used after March, 1903. _

The plaintiff gave further evidence as to having the soap analysed, and said that the soap was quite contrary to his ideas.

Cross-examined by Mr. Pickford, on Monday, plaintiff said he was positive he did not ask Welsby, defendants' foreman, in 1882 to make the soap. Counsel pointed out that in a declaration when applying to get his name registered for this trade mark, plaintiff had said that he suggested to Welsby that his firm should make a soap which would be a medical soap in the proper sense of the term. The plaintiff said he should never have thought of suggesting such a thing without it being put to him first. Pressed, however, he said," I probably must have suggested it." Mr. Pickford said the declara- tion was made in March, 1903, and plaintiff gave his reason for suggesting that Crosfield's should make a soap. Asked if he gave Welsby a receipt, plaintiff said he practically told him what the soap was to contain. Witness understood that he was to be supplied with as much of the soap as he required, but he did not think Crosfield's were, going to sell the soap. Plaintiff denied having referred people to Crosfield's in order that they might get the soap, but his attention was called to a declaration of a tradesman named Shaw, in which it was stated that plaintiff in 1893 told Shaw that Cros- field's were the original makers, and that they were the people to applyto for it. Witness said he did not remember the circumstances, but if it was in the declaration it must be true. He did not know that the soap was being sold with his name on it. He never gave permission, and never suspected that they would go on making it, because it was made specially for plaintiff, and him only. Mr. Pickford again called attention to a declaration in which plaintiff said, "IA a few years—four orsix— after the commencement of the manufacture the sale ceased as far as I know." Asked if he did not know whether the sale was going on until this time plaintiff replied that he did not know. By his Lordship: He did not know that the sale began tolhis knowledge, and he did not understand the word" cease " in the declaration.

Lordship:His Are you going to repudiate what you have sworn as a conscientious declaration under an Act of Parliament ?—No, my lord. _ .

His Lordship: You belong to an educated profes- sion:and are not like a person who does not understand, By Mr. Pickford : When he stated in a declaration that he believed that Messrs. Crosfleld had ceased mak- ing the soap, plaintiff said he referred to the original soap. Witness specially objected to his name on a soap which he had not prescribed, and he also objected to his name on the soap he recommended because it was to be made for him alone, and because if it bacarne public he ran the risk of losing his degrees. When ha referred Shaw to Crosfleld's he thought Shaw would be told the soap had died out. He made application for registration in connection with certain brands of soap, not for trade purposes, but to prevent the use of his name by other people. He denied having in 1898 in- structed his brother to ask Messrs. Crosfleldfor a royalty, and said that the declaration of Welsby that he (plain- tiff) gave permission for the name to be used was false. He did not see a letter from Mr. John Crosfield stating "that the name Dr. Peter Stuart was adoped by the firm many years ago, and that the long period, some 20 years, for which they had, with Dr. Stuart's knowledge, used the name, entitled them to do so."

Mazzini Stuart, brother of the plaintiff, deposed that in 1893 plaintiff asked witness to get his name off the soap, and he applied a,t)3olutely on his own authority to Gros&lds fora royalty. By Mr. Pickford :—Witness admitted that when he wrote to Crosflelds in 1898 to the effect that he was acting under his brother's instructions, it was "a busi- ness lie." (Laughter). His Lordship said he was sorry to hear the laughter, for he could never understand why a lie should be told in business lady more than in anything else. In reply to Mr. Pickford, witness afterwards said that he thought his brother told him in 1898 to get rid of plaintiff's name off the soap. Plaintiff left the matter entirely in witness's hands, and he thought by obtaining a royalty or acknowledgment it would be a step towards getting his brother's name off the soap. William White Murray, soap manufacturer, gave evi- dence as to the sale of" Dr. Peter Stuart's soap " dur- ing the time he was traveller for Messrs. Crosfield. His Lordship said that if the soap was bad soap, it was, of course, objectionable to have the plaintiff's name coupled with it; but if the soap was not bad and was substantially what it was originally when sanctioned he should think there would be no libel.

Ernest Richard Royston, patent agent, Liverpool,' deposed to the plaintiff consulting him with a view to putting a stop to the soap. Witness explained the steps he took in regard to the registration. Alfred Smeatham, analytical chemist, spoke as to analysing a piece of "Dr. Peter Stuart's Soap" in March, 1903. It was most decidedly not what he would call a skin soap, and was undoubtedly not suitable for delicate and sensitive skins. .

_ Dr. Stopford Taylor. skin specialist, of Liverpool, said he would not call the soap in question a skin soap; it would have an injurious effect on the skin, and in regard to young children would have a scalding effect on them. If an article was advertised under the name of a medical man his professional brethren looked down on him, and if he continued to have his name adver- tisei the medical council would strike his name off the register as having bean guilty of infamous conduct in a , Professional respect. Apart from the medical council it would do a medical man great harm to have his name advertised in connection witha soap which was a bad one. Other evidence of a similar character was given by Dr. F. H. Barendt, Dr. Thos. Stevenson, Dr. Edward Mahoney, Dr. Watson, and Dr. W. Hepworth. Mrs. Stuart, wife of the plaintiff, said that, with regard to a letter she wrote to the defendants' patent agent in 1898, with reference to royalties on the soap. she wrote that when her husband was in America, and when he returned she did not mention it to him. By Mr. Pickford : She never wanted a royalty. The witnesses *ailed for the plaintiff on Tuesday were people who had used the soap. Gertrude Lane, a refined looking young woman, slid

===== 0002601_19040227_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
"AS ADVETITISED."

Evidenc3 W:l4 then WiVe.rl-61:i11-8—Ciefence by Mr. Nor- man Tait, the well-known analytical chemist, Mr. Jon Buchanan, of Lever Bros., Mr. J. Allan, of Hodgson and Simpson (Wakefield), and Dr. Leslie Roberts, physician to the skin department of the Liverpool Royal Infirm- ary. They had all analysed the soap, and certified it to be as advertised-_a good toilet soap,soothing,emollient, and harmless. There was a certain amount of cocoa-nut oil in the soap, but was free of caustic soda.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. MARKEL CROSS-EXAMINED.

Karl Emile Markel,chemist, and a managing director of the defendant firm, deposed that he used the "Dr Peter Stuart's soap" in 1886 and 1897, and the present soap was practically the same. He could not swear to any knowledge of the composition of the soap until 1893. Since that year no alteration had been made ex- cept the small changes necessary to meet the difference in the quality of the other materials used. The soap was not injurious, and no complaints of injury had been received. The firm did not allow any toilet soap- to go out that showed the slightest trace of free caustic sodi. T'aey could not carry on their business if they applied the test of Mr. Smetham, becauseno soap could be made without a small quantity of carbonate of soda, which was very different from caustic soda. The amount of caustic, if any, develoßed by this soap in washing was infinitesimal;' whether it was caustic or not was debateable; and if it was caustic it was developed more in other soaps. Cross-examined: Witness said that cocoanut oil re- quired more caustic soda than any other oil, but the more was put in the more difficult it was to dissociate it when treated with water.

Hive you ever manufactured Pears' soap? Witness (to his lordship) : Is that a fair question, my lord ? _

Well, I will put it another way. Have you ever manufactured soap without cocoanut oil in it ?—We have never made a toilet soap yet without cocoanut oil in it. Mr. Taylor proposed ;to read the various items in a " charge " for a" boil" of soap, sod began—" Eight tons of Australian mutton, second quality " Witness objected that it was scarcely fair to reveal trade secrets.

Have you ever manufactured Vinolia soap ?—No. Is it a good toilet soap ?—Yes, but not so good as Dr. Peter Stuart's celebrated soap. (Loud laughter.) Dr. Joseph Adams (Warrington) testified to the value of the defendants' soap. He had prescribed it for two patients, James Alfred Sutton and Miss Eliza Hodges both suffarers from eczerna,whom it had done great good. The patients were called and corroborated.

Charles Frederick Haffam, a director of-ti Ce. defendant company, said that before the five years ended Decem- ber, 1902, at least 400,000 tablets of Dr. Peter Stuart's soap had been sold; probably more. Owing to the plaintiff's complaint they had destroyed 3,000 of the leaflets and were prepared to stop the issue of more. Cross-examined: Witness said the sales of Dr. Stuart's soap for the last six years averaged about two tons every four months; they were less before that date. Other evidence was to the effect that the soap had been sold in Liverpool since 1884, and that it began to be boomed in 1893 ; also that it had been used for shaving without complaint. One witness said his baby had not been washed with any other soap. (Laughter.) Mr. Taylor: A good commercial baby, I should say. (Laughter.) A buyer in defendants' employ stated that the best. or Cochin, cocoanut oil was used in this soap, and that was some pounds per ton dearer than ordinary cocoanut oil, palm oil, or tallow. Dr. Markel (recalled) said that the ordinary and not the "peerless ' Erasmic Soap had the same base as the "Peter Stuart Soap," and cheap material was not used in its manufacture. _ _ _ _

ThiS-COlWZilihe evidence for the defence. The Verdict—One Farthing Damages. On Wednesday Mr. Pickford, K.C., in his address to the jury for the defence, said that his clients would not have been materially affected if they had taken the plaintiff's name off the soap, but it would be a hardship to the retailers, who had spent time, trouble, and money in establishing a business in this soap. If Dr. Stuart had said that this was an indiscretion of his earlier professional life, it was quite conceivable that the defendants would have taken a favourable view of his request. They had not been approached in that way, but, on the contrary, he said in effect that they had stolen his name, and that the soap was deleterious ; and no self-respecting firm could have acceded to a demand launched in that way. Mr. Taylor, K. C. in his reply, complained of the use made of Mrs. Stuart's letter as unfair, and as hitting below the belt, in order to keep up dividends from plaintiff's name Iwithout 'any conside ration, and said that the least said about the honour of the firm the better. There was one great blot on the foundation of the case. Welsby was not an agent of the defendants, but a foreman boiler, and he asked the jury to say that the loose conversation which plaintiff had with him in 1883 was not a binding business transaction. No record was taken of the matter, there was no pecuniary con- , sideration ; and yet the case was that plaintiff had sold the use of his name and had even given Welsby a dis- cretion to alter the character of the soap at any time las he liked. Whatever might be the jury's view of Mr. Mazzini Stuart's letters to the defendants asking for a royalty, the net result was that plaintiff objected to the use of his name, so that there was no assent by conduct. The present soap was not the soap assented to by the plaintiff, and there was no evidence to the contrary, although there must have been plenty of people who knew the composition of the original article. Counsel contended that it had been made out that his was not a skin soap; that it was not made from the plaintiff's prescription or description; that no competent medical man could recommend it for delicate and sensitive skins; and that the published description of the soap was defamatory of the plaintiff. His Lordship, in summing up, stated that in the face of the evidence it was difficult to believe that the plaintiff did not authorise the public use of his name in connection with the soap in 1884. As to the question of libel, the jury would probably find whether what was complained of was libellous or not according to whether they believed that the present soap was deleterious or not; and they would also have to say whether the libel was true or not. They might think that there was libel, and that the merest nominal damages would cover it, but if they thought the plaintiff's reputation had been seriously attacked without any fault of his, it would them become a question of substantial damages. The jury answered the eight questions put to them by the judge as follows :- 1. Did the plaintiff authorise the public use of his name in connection with the soap manufactured in 1884 ?—Yes. 2. Is the soap now being sold substantially the same as that manufactured in 1884 ?—Yes. 3. Is the soap now being sold so deleterious to the skin that no competent skin specialist would recom- mend it ?—No. 4. Are the words printed on the soap and boxes a libel on the plaintiff ?—No. 5. Are they true ?—Yes. 6. Was the leaflet (which alleged that the soap was made from plaintiff's "prescription ") a libel on plain- tiff ? Yes.

7. Was it true ?—No. 8. If either or both are libels on plaintiff what damages ?-0 ne farthing. Judgment was reserved.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIAL SERMONETTES FOR WORKING MEN,

LALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

BY JOHN TAYLOR. Author of "Search Lights on Land, Labour, and Social Problems."

===== 0002601_19040227_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
LAND AND LABOUR PROBLEMS IN LIVERPOOL.

"The common growth of Mother Earth Suffices me—her tears, her mirth— Her humblest mirth and tears."

-WORDSWORTH.

As I rambled through the busy streets of Liverpool the other day, dodging its electric cars at every turn, and running the risk of getting killed at every crossing, I had visions of the Liverpool of long ago, I saw it in its infancy, when it was but a series of marshes and mud puddles, inhabited only by seagulls and wild birds. Then I saw it in its childhood, when it was a fishing village, with a few whitewashed, thatched houses, and a frowning castle,that was the house of its proud manorial lord. Then it grew into a town with docks,and quays,and warehouses, and the story of its growth is one of the romances of civilisation. vil nif I.—YOU CAN NEVER MAKE LAND VALUABLE TILL YOU CAN PERSUADE LABOUR TO SETTLE UPON IT. •

Six or seven centuries ago both sides of the Mersey were huge rabbit warrens, and swamps, and forests. A few straggling huts and rude cottages were to be met with occasionally, but the men who lived there spent their time in hunting and fishing, and the land for miles round was uncultivated. It was outside the pale of civilisation, and nobody would buy it at any price. The poverty of Liverpool in the Middle Ages was proverbial. You meet with evidence of it on every page of its history. In 1229 Henry 111 " granted a charter, and made it a free borough and guild merchant," and for all this honour and glory, and pomp and state, he naturally expected some revenue from its crown lands. But he only got a beggarly ten pounds a year for ail the land in the place. Will anyone tell me what the rlhtal of that same land is to-day? You can multiply that ten pounds by ten thousands of pounds and then you will notexpress the land values of Liverpool. What made these wild wastes and lonely marshes and sandhills so valuable? Human labour and enterprise. If millions of able-bodied men and women had not conspired to build Liverpool, it would have been a rabbit warren ind a valley of desolation to this day. I ' n 1283 all the! land at Woodside only produced a rental of forty shillings a year. Those rents were hardly worth the risk and trouble of collecting, for the Cheshire shore in those days was reckoned part of "Wild Wales," and it was a safe hiding place for those outlaws who had outrun the constable. Any landlord who risked his life in those swamps and forests, squeez- ing rents out of unwilling tenants, would richly deserve the forty shillings when he got them. Plague and pestilence, and famine and civil war, had much to answer for in those stormy times; And yet in the piping times of peace the average workman had not much to complain about. He might be a Christian on less than a pound a week. Houses were cheap in those days, and rents were low. During the reign of Queen Elizabeth a good .house in Castle-street was sold for ten pounds, and another was let for four shillings a year, or a trifle under a penny a week. What glorious times those were for working men. Wheat was only a shilling a bushel, and the aver- age labourer earned fourpence a day! So thht by working only one day a week he could earn a peck of wheat and a week's rent of house. Where is the man that could do that now? _

I know some workmen who have to work half the week to pay rents and rates, and taxes, and on Thursday morningl they begin to work for their own bread and cheese. In those far-off times working men did not get much money,but they got a good deal of money's worth, in the shape of material comforts. When they did get a bit of money they stowed it away in some hiding place, and lay low and said nothing. In 1626 Charles I. imposed his illegal tax of ship- money, and his tax collectors squeezed out of the na- tion every penny they could. They bled the good peo- ple of Bristol to the tune of a thousand pounds and they managed to get a hundred pounds out of the citizens of Chester, but with all their squeezing they only got a paltry twenty five pounds out of "poor Liverpool." The Liverpool people of those days were either very poor, or they knew how to stick to a bit of money when they got it.. i In 1700 there was another census in Liverpool taken, showing a population of only 5,714 souls. There were sixty small ships belonging to the port,but their united tonnage was only 4,000 tons. The whole fleet put together could not carry as much as one of our modern sailing ships, and the rateable value of all the houses, lands, and docks in the town was only .223,440. If you capitalise this at thirty years' purchase, you will find the whole show was worth only £703,000 two centuries ago. Now I think I have produced evidence enough to prove that as long as Liverpool was small, and had hardly any inhabitants in it, the land values were but trifling, and kings and manorial lords tried in vain to bring prosperity to the place. The fact is, towns and cities, like men and women, rise and fall, or grow and decay, in obedience to certain well-known laws of nature that we cannot control. If you dry up the supply of labour,and divorce men from the soil,you will bring stagnation and death to the fairest spot on earth. If you turn into any given spot a stream of human energy that must spend itself to keep itself alive you will always increase the land values of that particular spot, and you will work some mighty social revolu- tions.

IL-LIVERPOOL POURED ALL ITS ENERGIES INTO THE SHIPPING TRADE.

Two hundred years ago there was a boom. in the slave trade. Our West Indian planters were hard up for cheap labour for their sugar and coffee and cotton plantations, and they were willing to pay a big price for able-bodied niggers and ask no questions. In 1709 the men of Liverpool fitted up a small thirty-ton sloop and sent her with a well- armed crew to the West Coast of Africa on a slave- raiding expedition. She captured heaps of niggers,and sold them as slaves, and fairly coined money for her owners This traffic in human flesh and blood caught on, and in less than fifty years there were more than sixty ships earning this blood money. When George 111. was king we were at war with all the world, and we had not a navy equal to the task we set ourselves, so we granted kletters of marque to any bold buccaneer or cut-throat pirate who cared to ask us. We covered the seas with these licensed pirates, and Liverpool grew enormously rich by these ventures. Privateering and slave-hunting are not exactly orthodox Christian employments, but they are quite as honest as land-grabbing, and nearly all the fortunes made in Liverpool in those days came through 'these three channels. When ships were multiplied and fortunes were made by a few lucky voyages, new docks, and wharves, and quays, and warehouses had to be built to accommodate the growing trade. All these things required land, and then the wily land grabbers had their innings. The people of Liverpool never took kindly to these social parasites, and some rich stories are told of the rows and ructions that took place about this eternal land question. The monks of Whalley begged some land on the Cheshire side, and built a priory at Birken- head. They improved the shining hour by setting up a ferry boat of their own and building waiting rooms on both sides df the river. But the men of Liverpool would not have the bread taken out of their mouths after this fashion, so they rose in their wrath and demolished the shelter-houses, and mobbed the ferry- men and cut their boats adrift, and played the very mischief with all and sundry. In 1672 Lord Molyneaux, the ancestor of Lord Sefton, bought a piece of Crown land near Parliament-fields for i £450. It s worth to-day over £lOO,OOO a year. When he had got his new possession he began to build a fine house on the common land outside his own domain to assert his manorial rights. But the men of Liverpool raised a serious row about that new house. They chivied his workmen off, and pulled it down to its foun- dations, and scattered his building materials to the four winds. Lord Molyneaux was glad to make his peace with them by leasing a thousand acres of sand hills that were not his for a thousand years to the Cor- poration for thirty pounds a year. These sand hills are now the most valuable parts of the city, and they yield a rental of over half a million a year, that goes to the relief of the rates instead of into Lord Sefton's pocket There was a resettlement of this lease in 1700, and in 1777 the reversion of the lease was conveyed absolutely. to the Corporation.

Lord Derby '..riser in his generation than Lord Sefton. He did not attempt to steal the land on which Liverpool stands. He bought it for an old song, and refused to sell it, except under compulsion, and then only at famine prices. In 1710 he bought the whole of Moore's estate, which consisted of thousands of acres of freehold land in thirteen towns hips, but chiefly in Bank-hall, Bootle, Kirkdale, and Liverpool, for £12.000 The price seems ridiculously low now, but I have no doubt it was as much as it was worth at the time. The new era of commercial prosperity, and the big boom in trade, set in just after Lord Derby had bought Moore's estate, and, as he had cornered all the available land, he could sell it at his own price or hold it for a rise. He sold to the township of Kirk dale a strip of river frontage, about a thousand yards in length, for £17,500. He also sold 270,000 square yards of land for the first dock at Bootle for £90,000, and nearly the whole of that land was reclaimed from the sea, at the expense of the Bootle ratepayers.

. -- By the time you have mastered these facts you will believe me when I say that Moore's estate to-day is worth as many pounds as it was worth farthings when Lord Derby bought it. lII.—LAND VALUES HAVE RISEN IN CONSE- QUENCE OF THIS INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION. Every new ship that was built in the port, increased the demand for dock and quay and warehouse accom-

Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOHN WALKER. & CO., at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewp3y-street, and published by them at the same place,and also at The Examiner Offices,Victoria-road, WIDNES; 32, George-street, ST. HELENS; 3, Market- street, EARLESTOWN; Church-street, RUNCORN, FEB. 27TH 1904.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
modation, and these could not be provided till the claims of the landowner had been satisfied.. Every new workman who brought his labour into the town had to be housed and fed somewhere, so. cottages and workmen's dwellings had to be built by thousands, and the landowner reaped a nice harvest out of these. Every new road, and street, and highway and railway swallowed up more land and poured more goldfinto the:land grabbers' pocket. In 1700 the population .of the whole town was only 5,714, all told. In 1901 it was 684,947, so Liverpool has about one hundred and twenty times as many people in it as it had two centuries ago as the result of this great industrial revival.

Take another test. In 1700 its rateable value was £23,440. Its ratable value is now over four millions. So that it is worth about one hundred and seventy times as much now as it was two centuries ago, and its rate- able value is rapidly and steadily increasing, because the same causes are still at work.

I have shown you how Liverpool attracted to itself a mighty stream of human energy that built its docks, .and wharves, and warehouses, and transformed its sand- hills into streets and highways. This stream of energy naturally overflowed, and worked miracles at Birkenhead ! and Bootle, and all the towns in the immediate neigh- bourhood.

The rateable value of the borough of Birkenhead is now £508,500. If you capitalise this at thirty years' purchase you have property worth .£15255,000 to-day instead of the forty shilling freehold in the days of King Edward I.

80-otle in 1861 had only a population of 6,500, but in 1891. it had 53,544 residents, and its rateable value last year was £477,397. If you capitalise this at thirty years' purchase you find that the community has created property worth £14,321,910, instead of the barren, lonely sandhills of half a century ago. The rateable value of the three boroughs is more than five millions,. and this represents a capital value of £150,000,000. This vast unearned increment has been created by the labour, and the wisdom, and the energy of the com- munity, and the rich land-owners, who have pocketed the plunder, have not contributed one penny out of their rents to the improvement of their own property. I have given you this interesting object lesson because I want to show you where the working man comes in, and how he fares. He finds the labour in return for his wages, but he also contributes five or six shillings in the pound on his rental to thelratessthat are spent in making these great improvements. The city is made beautiful largely at his expense, and then his rents and rates go up because- his surroundings have been improved by this outlay. The only man who comes off well in this deal is the ground landlord, who simply hoards his land, as a miser hoards his gold. It costs him nothing to keep his barren building land, because we do not make him pay rates and taxes for it. So we have a few millionaires who have grown rich beyond the dreams of avarice out of public improvements of this kind. They are hoard- ing land till it has reached famine prices, while millions of theirneighbours have not land enough to dig their own graves. Some day we shall have wit enough to tax all land values—whether land is in use or not—and we shall compel the land-owner to sell it for public improvements at something like the price at which it is assessed. We shall not submit to legalised robbery and blackmailing for ever. But it takes John Bull a long time to cut his wisdom teeth, or to get a new idea into his head. When he thinks for himself, and finds how sweetly he is being swindled every, day, there Will be ructions. And when he begins to kick over the traces and raise a row, may I be there to see.

SEARCHING FOR A CANDIDATE. Warrington Labour Party's Disappointment. _— -- Mr. Alexander Wilkie, of Newcastle-on-Tyne will not contest Warrington in the labour interest at the, next general election. The fact was made known at a meeting of the Labonr Representation Committee, held in Bold-street schools on Thursday evening under the presidency of Mr. T. Plumb. Mr. 0. Buckley (secre- tary) read the following letter from the Executive Committee of the Associated Shipwrights' Society : Dear Sir, • Your letters re Warrington, and the report or representatives, have been repeatedly befoce our committees. Therefore, viewing the whole ques- tion, our committees regret they are unable to advise our general secretary, Mr. A. Wilkie, in his present position, to contest Warrington.— Yours faithfully, THOS. SWAN, Executive Chair- man. A letter was also read from Mr. Henderson, M.P., regretting the decision of Mr. Wilkie's executive. He can, he states, well understand the disapppintment of the Warrington Committee, after waiting so long, and promises to do his utmost to enable them to find another candidate. The meeting passed the following resolution : Having heard the reply from the Executive. Committee of the Shipwrights' Society, re Mr. Wilkie's candidature for Warrington, this com- mittee instructs the secretary to apply to the headquarters of the Labour Representation Com- mittee for the provision of a suitable labour can- didate for this borough.

===== 0002601_19040227_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
HARRIERS.

WARRINGTON ATHLETIC CLUB. In miserable weather on Saturday last tho Warring ton Athletic Club along with twenty eight other clubs was competing in the Junior Cross Country Champion- ship at Haydock Park. In this race C. J. Straw once- more provedhis abilities as a long distance runner by beating a field of 250 runners and winning easily, By being the second local man to finish James Hall proved himself no mean performer in this his first champion- ship race his position being fifteenth. On counting up thepoints it was found that Warrington were just beaten for third place. Sutton being first, Hallam- shire and Wibsey Park, (two Yorkshire Clubs) being second:and third Warrington being in the same position as last year (fourth).

===== 0002601_19040227_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
B. W ADSWORTH, SOLE AGENT FOR THE WORLD-PAMED PIANOS OF JOHN BROAD WOOD & SONS. ADDRESS: 59, SANKEY-ST.. WAiIiRINGTON.

FRED BRAMLE'Y will lecture on "THE ETHICS OF SOCIALISM." TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), FEBRUARY 26ys. 111 TEE CO-OPERATIVR HALL, SANKEY-STREET, AT 8 P.M. .._-.7..........____PHA1PMAN : REV. W. MINNIOn.

A CHOICE CIGARETTE SIMLOGIPS SPECIAL SILK-CUT CIGARETTES. GUARANTEED HAND-MADE FR TA PURE VIRGINI& TON LCCO . 8D PER OUNZI,E. 2s. 6D. PER QUARTER-POUND BOX. T . L UDLOW AND CO, •CIGAR MERCHANTS BETWEEN PARR'S BANK AND CENTRAL STATION, WARRINGTON.

WSEY ROAD W HSLEYAN WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) FttBRUARY 28th. At 10.30. Mr. J. UPSON. At MP. Rev. JOHN,GUNNELL. All welcome. Hymn books nroviderl.

VLECTION OF BOKOUGII AUDITORS.—TO 1_:.1 THE BURGESSES OF VIE COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,— The Election of Auditors will take place on Tues- day, the let March next. In again offering my services I trust you will renew the confidence you have placed in me for the past three years. I will endeavour in return to discharge the duties to your satisfaction. Yours faithfully, Egynt-street, Warrington, hDWIN BRADSHAW. 24th Feb., 1904.

_ OLBORNE STREET BAPTIST C HURU WARRINGTON. T O-MORRO W (SUNDAY). FE RRUARY 28th. Rev. HERBERT DUNNICO. Preach in the Royal Court Theatre. Doors open 6.10 _ 630 prompt. Hymn Books provided. Children uot admitted. Working-men land women heartily welcome.

EOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHLRCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) FEBRUARY 28th. At 10.30 Rev. Mr. W. LIGHT. At 6.30 Rev. R. WILKINS REES. An welcome. Hymn Books provider].

BOROUGH .(JDITOR.—TO THE ELECTO RS OF THE COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTO N. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,— At the request of several ratepayers I have consented to come forward as a candidate for the position of one of your Auditors, and in doing so I may say I am not the nominee of any club or party. lam a Memner of the Institute of Chartered Account- ants in England and Wales, and as such I come before you from a professional point of view. This is my native town; therefore I am no stranger. and I think well known to many of you. Trusting for your support on the election day, on Tuesday, the Ist of March, at the Gymnasium, I have the honour to remain Ladies and Gentlemen, Yours very faithfully. JOSEPH RIGBY WILLIA.MS. 40, Sankey street, Warriagton, 22nd February, 1904.

WARRINGTON CHURCH SOCIETY.-SPECIAL ADDRESS TO MEN OPLY. ON FRIDAY NEXT. MAR= 4TH, AT BP. M., TEE PARISH CHURCH. BY THE REV. JOR/q . - WAKEFORD (VICAR OF ST. MARGLRET'S, ANFIELT) ON "MAN IN HIS COMPLETENESS." 'at, SEATS FREE. SERVICE OWE HOUR ONLY. WORKING MEN SPRCIALLY INVITED.

BOROUGH OF WARRINGrON' INCORPOR- ATBD PERMANENT BUILDING sociErr. THE ANNUAL MEETING WILL BE HELD AT MY OFFICE, LEGH STREET, WARRINGTON, ON WEDNESDAY EVENING, MARCH 2mn, 1904, AT 7 O'CLOCK, WHEN THE DIVIDENDS WILL BE PAID. THOMAS SUTTON. Manager.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON MEMORIAL TO THE SOUTH lANCA.SHIKE REGIMENT. I have been requested to call a PUBLIC MEETING for the ri),„"e of appointing an AUXILIARY or WORKING . S COMMITTEE to raise funds for the proposed ..ternorial to the South Lancashire Regiment. Itherefore convene a public meeting to be held at the T„,°27,N HALL, on THIIRSD A.Y NEXf, the 3rd March, at —g'46 Pan. for appointing such a Cornmittel. WILLIAM BOLTON, Mayor. Town Hall, Warrington, 26th FAbruary, 1934.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WAFNINGTON.— EDUCATION COM VITTEE. ADMISSION EXAMINATION FOR -PUPIL TEACHERS. The Board of Education will hold an EXAMINATION on SATURDAY. MAY 14TH, 1904, to enable candidates to qualify for engagements as pupil teachers. The examination Is open for boys and girls who will be sixteen years of age on or before August Ist, 1904. Pupil teachers are paid, Boys £25 in the first year and £3O in the second, and Girls £l5 and £2O respectively. ADMISSION EXAMINATION FOR PREPANATORY PUPIL TEACHERS. The Board of Education will hold an examination on Sat- urday, May 14th, 1904, to enable candidades to qualify for engagements as Preparatory Pupil Teachers. The examina- tion is open to boys and girls who will be afteen years of age on or before August Ist, 1904. Th 9 successful candi- dates will attend the preparatory Pupil Teachers' Classes for one year. They will not be required to pay fees nor for their books, and will receive a scholarship of £5, Both examinations are open to Boys and Girls from Private Secondary, or Elementary schools. There are several vacancies in the schools in the Borough, and intending candidates can obtain on or before Friday April Bth. the syllabus of examination and further informa- tion from the undersigned. J. MOORE MURRAY, M.Sc. Secretary and Director of Education.

WYCLIFFE CHURCH., BE virSEY-'3TR/r ET TO-MORROW (SUNG AY) EVENING. FEB. 28TR, ibr REV. JOHN YONGE. A SOLEMN PROTEST BRITISH THE REVIVAL OF SLAVERY IN THE ZRITISH ro MINIONS. N.B.—lt is proposed by Govern- tnent to import Chinese labourers into South Africa to 'work in the Gold and Diamond fields, on conditions of virtual slavery Will British Christians, and British Work- ing Men • allow this proposal to succeed ? SERVICE AT 6 30. UqUAL OFFERTORY.

MTARRINGTON PERM ANENT BENEFIf BUILDING SOCIETY. isttigOTlCE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the ANNUAL „lIETING of SHAREHOLDERS will be held in CAIRO— RE T SCHOOL on WEDNESDA.Y EVENING. THE 9mi orl&ROH at S o'clock. As the Secretary is not in possession a complete list of a sdresses of the members, those not e lying alance sheets by Wednesday the 2nd March, may °taill same by personal application or by a letter addressed to A. H. OLIVE; Secretary, 6, li— Kvi•eet. warrington.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. MEMORIAL to the SOUTH LANCASHIRE REGI- MENT (Line Militia and Volunteers) for their Services in South Africa. The Executive Committee appeal for subscriptions to the proposed Memorial to the South Lancashire Regiment. Subscriptions may be paid into any of the Local Banks or to the Borough Treasurer at Bank House. WILLIAM BOLTON, Mayor and Chairman of the Executive Committee, Town Hall, Warrington, 26th February, 1904. LISR OF SUBSCRIPTIONS. Led Officers and men of Ist South Lancashire Regi- ment (Ist instalment). Sir Peter C. Walker Bart Col. J. Reid Walker, J. P. Col. W. Hall Walker, M. P. 25 0 0 Rev. Canon Penrhyn Henry Roberts, J. P. Capt. A. F. Bunduck (2nd subscription) J. B. Aitken 1 1 0 Arthur E. Boardman . R. T. Harding R. G. Henshall William Houghton 1 1 0 M. B. Kierman John Lee 1 1 0 Joseph Twist') ••• 1 1 0 Rev. Neville Wilson 1 1 0 ' J. Lyon Whittle.. 1 1 0 Arthur Waring and Co. Ltd 1 1 0 Joseph Rigby Williams Thomes S. Steel .. .. 010 6 Stanley Wilson Amounts under 10s 1 0 0 Total 400 3 6

ST. ANN'S PARISH, W A.RRINGTO -11 E UNVEILING OF TEIE QUEEN VICTORIA MEMORIAL TABLET IN THE NEW VICARAGR BY THE IlatlT REV. THE LORD BISHOP OF LIVERPOOL, Om SATURDAY MARCH sTif. ORDER OF PROCEEDINGS : nn, Church past 3 p.m.—Service, Address by the 2- '"°ll°P. Collection for Memorial Fund. At The Vicarage :—At the Close of the Service, The Pro- cession (The Bishop, Clergy, Church Officers, Choir, Congregation, Sunday School,) will proceed to the Vicarage. THE BISHOP WILL UNVEIL THE TABLET. 3' At The Schools :—After the Unveiling, Light Refresh- itients will be provided. YOUR PRESENCE AND SUPPORT ARE CORDIALLY INVITED. VIE EVENT OF THE SEASON! THIS IS UNDOUBTEDLY THE FINEST CONCERT-PARTY HEARD IN WARRINGTON FOR MANY YEARS. ULARA BUTT. PARR HALL PARR HALL C L -4A RA BUTT. WARRINGTON WARRINGTON

AND GRAND CONCERT PARTY. KENNERLY RUMFORD. THURSDAY TRURSDAY KENN liItLY RUMFoRD. MARC a 10TH MARCH 10TH EY—SPECIAL REQUMT I.ADAME CLARA BUTT WILL SING "A BID ;4', WITH ME," WITR OttliAl4 OBLIGATO. TICKETB,I/-, 1/6, 2/-, 2/6, (3/-, 4/, 5/-. RESERVED) AT PEARSON'S, 10. BOLD ST.—TEL. 370 Y. 1_) PEARso NT STRONGLY ALA ISES EARLY BOOKING.

BLIND AND CRIPPLED GIRLS' INDUSTRIAL HOMES. IS CONNECTION WITH THE WATERCRESS AND FLOWER GIRLS' MISSION, Founder and Superintendent, Offices, JOHN A. GROOM, Rag., Feliforde-st., Olerkenwell,E.C. AT THE PARR HALL, WARRINGTON, FOR SIX DAYS. FEB. 20TH, MARCH Isr, 2ND, 3RD, 4TH, sth, 1904 -171 GR FLORAL LORAL EXHIBITION BY JOHN A. GROOM'S CRIPPLED GIRLS. THE EXHIBITION WILL BE OPENED ON MONDAY. FEBRUARY 29Tii, AT 3 P.M., BY HIS WORSHIP THE MAYOR AND THE MAYORESS. TIME OF OPENING EACH SUCCEEDING DAY, 11 A.M. TO 9.30 P.M. A CONTINGENT OF CRIPPLED GIRLS WILL BE PRESENT MAKING FLOWERS. VOCAL & INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC EACH AFTE RNOON SOLOIST 3 : Miss FOLLY HOUGHTON, MR. EDWARD PO &NALL. Mn. TOM BOOTHROYD. ACCOMPANIST: Ma. ALBERT TROW, MR. TOM BOOTHROYD'S GRAND ORCHESTRA EACH EVENING. ADMISSION FREE. MANAGER, MR. CHAci. BOYOE, _

DEMONSTR kTION OF THERHOPHOR-' WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2ND., AT 12 A.M. & 3 P.M. THE DEMONSTRATION WILL TAKE PLACE iAT THE SHOWROOMS OF J. S. GARLAND, 51, 33, & 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. AND ALL INTERESTED IN THIS WONDERFUL INVENTION ARE INVITED TO BE PRESENT. ri HERMOPHOR ' IS A HIGHLY IrdPORTANT INVENTION, SHOWING HOW TO GENERATE AND RETAIN HEAT F)1/ MEDICAL, HOUSEHOLD AND OTHER PURPOSES, WITHOUT FIRE, FLAME, OR COMBUSTION NOF ANY DESCRIPTION. 51, 53, & 55, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

A WEEK'S HOLIDAY IN IRELAND FOR 395. 6D. INCLUDES SALOON ON STRAMER (TO AND FROM LIVERPOOL), 3rd Class Rail, 14 miles drive along the County ..I:),:iwn Coast, giving an elaborate View of the Famous mnurne Mountains. also Board and Lodgings In let Olass Hotel. FILER PASS given to Foreman and others capable of organising parties of ten. Further Particulars on anplication to HARPRE, NEWPORT- STRUT. LIVERPOOL.

ALLAN LINFI.—TO CANADA, UNITED STATES. RIVER PLATE. AND INDIA. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. PARISIAN Halifax N.S. Mar. 3 ~„13ARDINIAN Halifax N.S. Mar. 5 . eIT " Halifax and St. John N.B Mar. 10 X OP LUCKNOW Monte Video, Buenos Ayres and lON/AN Rosario Mar. 12 00R A Halifax N.S. Mar. 17 RATES—To Canada, Saloon from Ell. Secondl 10s.; Third Class £5 lOs. To India, £37 10s.and .1 103. toPno: fum particulars apply to ALTAN's. 103,Leadentiall Street a,et t. Liverpool. —29

MACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NE W SCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly, adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 20S. GOLD INLAY 40S. AC DON ALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CFIURCH-ST, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYs, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT Mn. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNP,SDAYS.I to 7.30 LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY , ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

DRIVATM DETECTIVF, AGENCY, ALFRED •B. HOPLEY, Central Buildings, North 'John Street, Liverpool. conducts inquiries of all kinds personally and confidentially. Agents in the U. S. A. and Canada.

TRE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months" notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

QIIOP AND WINDOW FITTINGS FOR ALL L 3 TRADES(brass or bronzed);Tallors' Blocks and Dummies; Dressmakers' Boxes and Stands.—J. YATES. Wholesale and Retail Manufacturer 21 Brownlnw hill, Liverpool.

EXPERIBN CED Male and Female NURSES et a moment's notice for all cases.--Applv rILTIVIES Isisnru- TION, Hope House, Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 2570 Royal. Telegraphic Address " Nurses.".

HAIR COMBINGS undo up 2/- per OZ. COVERT:I3I'TH 1 TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR PRAMBS, PURRS/6 FROM 3/6 E AIR. eca. H T S BROWN, 3, LERCH ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

WANTED TO BUY, Old Gold and Silver, Fel ye Teeth, Jewellery, Old C/hina, Coins, Pictures, Furni- ture, Ladies', and Gentlemen's, or Children's left-off Cloth- ing. &c. High ptice given; Parties waited upon any distance or cash retnrned for parcels on acceptance.—Address J. CALLAGHAN. 65. Islington, Liverpool.

00UNTY BOROUG R OF W ARRIN GTON.— EDUCIATION COMMITTRII. TENDER FOR PRINTING-. Tenders are invited for the printing required to be done during the period ending 31st March, 1905, Forms of Tender which must be returned by the 12th, prox may be obtained from the undersigned. J. MOORR MURRAY, Director. Rducation Office, 20th Feb., 1901.

T ANCASHIRE COUNTY ASYLUM, WINWICK IJ WA.RRINGTON.—The Visiting Committee INVITE TENDERS for the supply of the undermentioned goods, &c. 1 Ale and Stout 2 Attendants' Suits 3 Boots. Shoes. & Slippers 4 Butcher's Meat 5 Brushes 6 Cattle Cake and Meal 7 Calico & General Drapery 8 Coffee and Chicory 9 Crockery 10 Cloth Caps 11 Clothing 12 Chickens &c. 13 Flour and Oatmeal 14 Fish 15 Funerals 16 German Yeast 17 Glass, English 18 Grains 19 Groceries 20 Haberdashery 21 India Rubber Goods 22 Leather, Grindery and bhocmakers'Sundries Tenders must be made on from the undersigned. Samples of the goods, which have to be according to the Asylum samples. can be seen at the Asylum between 9 a.m. and 12 noon • and 2 and 4 p.m. on the following days, viz.— February 29th. March 1,2, 3, and 4. Tenders must be delivered at the Asylnm not later than 9 a.m. on Thursday. the-171h March. The committee do not bind themselves to accept the low. set or any tender. By Order, HENRY ELLIS, Clerk and Steward. . 24th, February, 1904.

RUNCORN UNION—CONTRACTS FOR PRO- VISIONS AND SUr.PLIES for the HALF-YEAR ENDING OCTOBER Ist. 194. The GUARDIANS of the POOR of the RUNCORN UNION are desirous of recsiving TENDERS from parties willing to CONTRACT for the supply of NEW MILK BUTTERMILK, FRESH Bri•TER, and 'FRESH EGGS (for Twelve Months), FLOUR, OATMEAL, GROCERIES, PEAS, CHEESE, kLT BUTTER ; 000 LIVER and PARAFFIN OIL; QUININE; GOOD BEEF, to consist of vein nieces intact and Flat Ribs with Bone, one round weekly not to exceed 251b5., and 501133. per week of the Best Butcher's Meat for the Officers, and sides of Mutton; BREAD,HOME- CURED BACON, POTATOES, WHEAT STRAW; DRAPERY, and CLOTHING; Men's, Woraen's.' Boys' and Girls SHOES of various sizes, as per samples to be seen at the Workhouse, Dutton. and Shoe Mending; HOUSE COAL (Colliery to be named); GOOD DEAL COFFINS, specifying size, and including plate with name, age,and date of death, to he delivered in the Union when and where required ; COKB ; CARTING at per mile; FUNERALS at per Funeral. Parties Tendering for the supply of the abott,-mentioned Goods will be required to deliver the same at the Workhouse free of cost to the Guardians, how and when required Tenders to be accompanied with samples (except Drapery Goods) as far as practicable. The Guardians do not bind themselves to aceept the Lowest or any Tender. Persons desirous of tendering must apply by letter to my office, in Runcorn, for a printed Form of Tender (and none other can be ent.rtaineri), where a Schedule of the various articles required and further particulars may be obtained. Sealed Tenders addressed to the Guardians. to be forwarded to the Clerk's Office. Runcorn, nn or before Monday, tha 7th day of March, 1904. endorsed "'Tender for-" The Tenders will be opened and considered at a Meeting of the Guardians to be held in the Board Room, Dutton, on the Bth day of March, 19C4, at 2 p.m. Parties whose tenders are accepted must enter into a written contract, and be prepared to enter into a Bond with two Sureties, if required by the Gmrdians. By order of the Board, GEO. F. ASHTON, Clerk to the Guardians. Runcorn. rd February 104.

1 THE IT, THE EMPIRE I—flE EMPIRIt EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE FURNISHING 'CO.; EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE 300 AND 302, EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE STOCKPORT ROAD. BM PI RE TH. r"'A 0-on -M. MANCHESTER, Business THE EMri., hours: a.m: to 9 p.m. • Saturday 10 EMPIRE THE p.m.: Wednesday ). p.m. THE EMPIRE Why envy your neighbour's borne? EMPIRE THE THE We will make your home cosy enough EMPIRE with WELL-MADE FURNITURE EMPIRE THE THE on our EMPIRE • EMPIRE THE ',EASY PAYMENT SYSTEM THE EMPIRE at strictly CASH PRICES, which is the "PI" THE reason of our THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE GREAT SUCCESS. THE EMPIRE Intendinv Purchasers would do well to EMPIRE THE INTSPRCP OUR STOCK AND THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE JUDGE FOR THEMSELVES. THE EMPIRE General terms. which can be altered. EMPIRE THE Terms: THE EMPIRE Worth. Monthly EMPIRE THE £lO ' 101. rHE EMPIRE £l5 Tits. EMPIRE THE £2O l6s. THE EMPIRE £3O 2ls, EMPIRE TILT ot £5O 3os. THE EMP' RR Or weekly payments in EMPIRE TH l•C proportion. THE EMPIRE No security and only small deposit. EMPIRE THE Transactions private. Goods sent free. THE EMPIRE Catalogues sent post free. Cars pass EMPIRE THE the door, and the conductor will set you THE EMPIRE down "by request "at EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE, THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THR Corner of Milton Street. , THE EMPIRE We pay return railway fare to eac° EMPIRE THE purchase: from districts whe: 1 thi° THE EMPIRE (paper is circulated,) EMPIRE

HARGRAVES TOBACCOS. STAB. TTARGRAVES' OIGARS 70 1.11, v_l YEARS. HARGRAVES' OIGAREITES. AJ MANUFACTORY: WV AN-9rRIRT. MANCHRSTRR.

T I_V_LAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF ,PERFECT SHEFFIELD MAKE WARRANTED, POST FREE is., 4s. 60., AND ss. 6D. J. t. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. STRINGS, .of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN YROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAK RR AND REPAIRER. (Pupil of G. A. Chanot) 57, RENSHAW-STRRIGT (corner of Benson-street), LIVERPOOL.

2. 6D. COLLECTION OF SEEDS. i THE VERY BEST QUALITY. T Will Send, Post Free, One Ounce each of Hollow Crown 1 Parsnip, White Spanish Onion, Selected Carrot, Packet each of Radish, Turnip, Cabbage, Lettuce, Giant Sprouts, Sayoy,Kale, Brox°li, Autumn Giant Cauliflower, Beet, Leek, Marrow. Celery, Cucumber, Tomato, Six Packets Flower Seeds. Good, Reliable Seeds. Illustrated Catalogue Free, G. F. ALDER, SEEDSMAN. STROUD, GLOS.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOP. MORRELL'S IN K S (UNDER ROYAL :PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITS 'JP. ALWAYS FLUID NEVER FADE! had wholesale from SAM N. GREEN, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, 'BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOU E IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOE' IMMENSE dVARIETY. UNDER THE. CLOCK.

31" ANNUAL SALE. • OF ALL SURPLUS STOCK. WINTER OVERCOATS AND stars. FOR MEN, YOUTHS AND BOYS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION, TO CLEAR, WE MAKE AN ;EXCEPTIONAL REDUCTION FROM Lis. TO 10s, IN THE .2. THERE WILL BE SOME BIG BARGAINS ALL ROUND, AND WORTH AN EARLY INSPECTION. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 & To, HORSEMARKET STREET.

J. M. GREENHALGH & CO., CABINET MAKERS, UPHOLSTERERS & DECORATORS, .t3B & 140, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, E!.3EG TO INFORM THE PUBLIC TEAT THEY WILL HAVE ON S tIOW DURING NEXT WEEK A VERY FINE SELECTION OF DINING-ROOM, DRA WING-ROO vi AND BED-ROOM FLTRNITURE, SUITES RANGING FROM .E 9 UPWARDS. INSPECTION CORDIALL I INVITED.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAMII MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Lerge Assortment of Framed Pictures. sultabletfor Wedding and Birthday Preeents, School Prizes, ko. Terms Moderate. A FlNti COLLECTION OF PIIO i'OGRAPRB for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures In the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 1221 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBUOKERS, ej EWEL :MS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WA.ICHES. '(DY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS PRICES Old gold and Silver Antlques,llDiarnonds etc., bought or taken In exchange. Mot:ey advance on Jeweller y, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, ac., to any amount at low rates cf.intereat ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

EDDESS DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered tc. the Pnblll. Sold by all Grocers and Drufaists,t‘ ganistes 6d.., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDIIS AN'D SON. LTD WARRINGTON RSTABLISHIM 1833.

WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. GOLD AND isILVER WATCHES, DIAMOND AND OTHER RINGS, CHAINS, BROOCHES, PINS, STUDS. LINKS, and all other Articles of Jewellery practically GIVEN AWAY At the Prices Marked in the Window. Call and see for yourselves before going elsewhere. --- SPECIAL OFFER.-22ct. Gold Wedding Rings sold by weight. All shapes and sizes at 6/9 PER PDRWIVIATE rIITIITINGP- ARYOOMM.ORE ? 6/9 A Large Stock of Clocks, Bronzes, Forks. and Spoons, Cutlery. &c. by best makers, at giving-away prices. M. RUBENS, JEWELLER, 80. 4, MANCHESTER SPREE 11, LIVERTOOL. -- NOTE.—MONBY Advanced on all kinds of Valuables Lowest Rates of Interest.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. INVALUABLE FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA AND ALL KINDRED AILMENTS. This ohi and tr!ed :remedy has stood the test of two generations. REFUSE to be put of with a SUR iTITUT the ORIGINAL can be had of ALL CHEMISTS if b,ou let it be 'seen that you are: not weak enough to aczept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE IS TRH NAME.: is. in., 2s. 9d., 4e. 6n., THEsPRICES.

NEURALGIA, TOOTH ACH E. NERVOUS HEADACHE, NERVE TWITCHING, (ttc. Sr.fest, quickest. most Permanent Cure. Not injurious to the system. RUGLi'S (Neuralgia and Toothache) POWDERS. Prepared by a qualifiert and experienced family chemist. BOX. 10 POWDERS. 7id. From Chemists and Stores, or post free, from RUGG & CO., 101, Leadenhall Street, London, P.C. Sample Powder free.

SPECIAL NOTICE. To FAR YIERz:, GARDENERS, &c., COMPOUND MANURES. No. 1 SPECIAL: CONTAINING NITROGEN 2'69 EQUAL TO AMMONIA TRIBASIC PHOSPHATE LIME PRICE £3 15s. PER TON No! 2 COMPOUND: USUAL MAR PRICE £2 10s. PER TON. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY To JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN STREET, WARRINGTON, Telephone No. 222. Telegrams, Toole," Warrington.

39e, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. 'Ass A. CONNAH (late with J. ATKINSON). begs to state that she Is now showing a nice assortment of the LATEST STYLES AND SHAPES IN SPRINiv NOVELTIES. A Visit of Inspection Invited.

BOYS YOU WANT BOOTS I'm off.rlng Sixty I WANT TRADE Styles In Box Calf and Glace KIO at 8.. 6d. a LET'S GET TOGETHER time. ARTHUR EVANS. POSTAL 555, ALDSRSGATIt ST., LONDON. DEPARTMENTS 1 5, LONDON ROAD. LIVBRPOOL.

PHONOGRAPH, GRAPFIOPHONES AND GRAMOPH DNES. THE CITY DEPOT FOR THE EDISON. COLUMBIA AND GRAMOPHONE7CO'B. PHONOGRAPHS AND RBOORDS. A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK op RECORDS.I THE AMATEUR PHOTOG4APHEIC DEPOT, 71, OXFORD-ROAD (NEAR ALL SAINTS), MANCHESTER.

ACCIDENTS OF ALG RINDS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. ACCIDENT 84 DISEASE, Small Pox, Scarlet Fever Typhoid, Diphtheria, Appendicitis &c. BURGLARY & FIDELITY INSURANCI: RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,600,000 64, OnRNHILL, LONDON% A. VIAN. Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented idistricts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr, W.H. RlGBEY,Nesscliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latchford St Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Hay dock Mr. J. BILLINGEThe Willows Sandbach Mr. F.I. FINLOW Rookery Bridge Farnworth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON,Moorfid House

T. CLARKE, "EXAMINER' "OPFIDE, EARLERTOWN, Has always in stock a GOOD ASSORTMENT of FANCY GOODS, ALBUMS (Photo and postcard) also PURSES &c., and Stationery in general. Agent for Diaries, 19)4. by different Publishers. Your patronage wll be much appreciated. NOTE THE ADDRESS, 33. MARKET STREET. EARLESTOWN.

NO 'PIM NO FINRiI I NO PUBLICITY I I AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY 'in St TRICTBST PRIVACY to all respectable House- holders, Tradespeople. Farmers, and all ersons worthy of credit, without sureties or bondsmen, "on biennia promis- sory note only," at reasonable interest and easy repayments to suit all classes. Distance no object. Call or write in confidence to THB CHESHI RR AnVANCB CO., 13. Legh-street, Sankey-street, Warrington ; also at IS, Greenwood-street, Altrincham. Head Office: 59,Brunswick- street, Hightown, Manchester. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

IMPORTANT ANN i)UNCRMENT TO THE PUBLIC. WE ARE PREPARED TO GRANT SPECIAL TERMS TO ALL PERSONS BORROWING MONEY FROM US. Do NOT PEAITATE. BUT WRITE AT ONCE. WHEN OUR MANAGER WILL CALL UPON You AND GRANT You THE AMOUNT You REQUIRE. NOTE THE ADDRESS': 1 EAST STREET (NEAR THE COUNTY COURT), ST. HELENS. Established the last Century.

AIWANCES £3 TO £SOO.—DON'T PAY FEgs As those Offices who ask for fees,will only pocket your fee and refuse the advance.. NO FEES OF ANY KIND CHARGED. NO SUR 4TIIN REQUIRED. NO RESPRC T- ABLE APPLICATION refused. NO FINES IF UNABLE to pay for a few weeks through illness or being out of work. HONEST and STRAIGHFORWARD dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to suit applicants. Apply and be convln^ei to the—Manager, J. CALVERT, CLAUGHTON'CHAMBERS,I. °LAUGHTON STREET (opposite Dr. Knowles) ST. HELENS.

ADVANCES FROM £5 UPWARDS. PERSONS WANTING TEMPORARY CASH ADVANCES SHOULD NOTE THE ADVANTAGES OFFERED AT THIS OFFICE. (1) THE DESPATCH WITH WHICH ADVANCES ARE COMPLETED. (2) THE SIMPLICITY OF PROMISSORY NOTE, (3) THE REASONABLE RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED. (4) NO FINES FOR ARREARS. (5) REPAYMENTS ARRANGED TO SUIT CON- VENIENCE OF BORROWERS. (6) NO BONDSMEN OR SURETIES REQUIRED. (7) ALL BUSINESS STRICTLY PRIVATE. (8) NO APPLICATION FEES. APPLY PERSONALLY OR BY LETTER. S. AUERBA.CH. 123, MOUNT PLEASANT. LIVERPOOL.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY In large or small sums (not less than £10), payable by instalments, or as may be mutually arranged, ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, • And with or without sureties. The undersigned has been ESTABLISHRD UPWARDS OF THIRTY VMS, and ha• formed a very large connec- tion. During the last 20 yea", .lone the total amount lent by him EXCEEDED .£1.250,006 He nab received HUNDRRDS OF UNSOLICY.TRD LETTERS OF THANKS and has annually, for the past seven years, issued selections from these in pamphlets, of which nearly 400,009 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for Advances, or any Information de- sired, will be supplied FREE OF CHARGE, on application, either personallyor by letter, to : GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20 RENNTEDY-STRIT.ET,MANCriEiTTR

Cocca yciu with its rich, pure, natural flavor perfectly developed. A Cocoa alike fresh and refreshing. A Cecoz. Tic% infozd vahte; one that not only builds up the system, but gives strength and vigor for the day's work. ki Val 11 I geea If you have not tried it, Buy a new 6d Tin, You will get 23 cups out of it and enjoy every cup. Bezt re Goes Farthest.

1 , dy A spoonful Cl. 1O E. . ~.- G4,z, -,.. _:-;; 1 '''''' "4.7..,,5, ~ • tl' ' W r;2") t' :,,;,)11. ',,...--) r 3 the Nip uari ke 1 4a-1 :7 ir,,, :- \,. , ..L gravy, ,s, %.,t), 1147 .e..e,"‘ 06'').71A rrAaty.!..A.-.3,-D "P 11:- ? e 5.,,, 0 cfp ~,,. de,4 .74 11 43' VITT 3,11 r''' gi kla .„a.` v,-,o .... 1).. Li, AL..a....i. ,t. ~..,...4 o c / ou 2 . "Tell the C00k.17 ,

9 rri„r, s n DANDELION & QUININE LivE 7:3A27. LL FOR BILE, WIHO, IHIGESTION, Headache, Furred Tongue, Sickness, Giddiness, loss of Appetite, Heartburn, Shoulder Pains, Constipa- tion, and all Liver and Stomach Complaints. DR. KING'S PILLS. GUARANTEED WITHOUT MERCURY, still keep ahead of all others as a Liver Remedy, and , are unequalled as a Family Pill. Sold everywhere, is. Ad., as. gd. and 4s. 6d. per box. Solely manufactured by J. RORKE & CO., 132 York Rd., Lambeth, London.

,Every Genuine 1,904 6 s BICYCLE Bears this Trade Mark. .4) One Grade Only—the But. •\+,‘ ' , £l2 12s. Net, or is £1 Is. Monthly. 0 Booldet Post Free on application to Premier Cycle Co. (Limited), Covemry. AGENTS EVERYWHERE. TRADE MARK.

' •ig T -.., 4, 44,„:, 4. . , The Universal _Disinfectant. Fi THE ONLY DISINFECTANT - k Fit for Household Use. r f FRAGRANT, NON-POISONOUS, ' DOES NOT STAIN. c: " SANITAS PP is used at most HOSPITALS, • • and by most BOARDS OF HEALTH. ,- Pamphlet Free on Application. i..! FLUID, SOAP POWDER, POWDER, FUMIGATORS, SOAPS, FLOOR POLISH, EMBROCATION, SULPHUR CANDLES, dc., dm THE " SANITAS " CO. , Ltd., Bethnal Green, LON DON.

WASHING AT HOME. BRADFORD'S "VOWEL XLS" Washing, Iffrbagls& and Mangling Machines SAVE TIME, SAVE LABOUR, and SAVE THE CLOTHES. Write for Catalogue, ISost free on afilSheation. THOMAS BRADFORD St CO., 140, 141, and 142, HIGH HOLBORN, LONDON; VICTORIA AVENUE. DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER; 130, BOLD-STREW? LIVERPOOL ; CRESCENT IRON WOREB, SALFORD.,

DR. DE ROOS COMPOUND RENAL PILLS Arejustly celebrated all over tau world as the most safe and tyre sly remedy tor Pains in the Back, (ravel, Lumbago bout, Rheumatism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other ;Deposits, Stone in the Blander, Discharges, and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organ. generally. Maly complaints, supposed to be nervous, otted arise study Horn owntaministiou of the Wood with certain impurities which should hive been curled off uy use aidneys. Avery paelin.ge bears toe hroverumeut st-tinp, with WO words, " WIS.LTAI Dlll itt,oos, LONDLoN,' thereon, or order of his Majesty's Awn. Commissioners. erice Is. qd. and as. 9d. at all Medinine flatlet's, or post free front PrJprietor tiolLord House, Lioitord-square, London, W.C.

VILE P:-.) X INI Cr IR rig S CHIIRLE.S WOLF'S NOT GUINEA GOLD WEDDING RINGS A HANDSOME PRESENT, GIVEN to every pur- chaser of a ring. Engagement Rings a Speciality. WALTHAM, ELGIN, & ENGLISH ' LEVER WATCHES. For Jewellery of every description the public will: benefit by visiting, CHARLES WOLF Wholesale Jeweller, 10, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL.

i e:Milrigle ilt Farks74sl ..4,,.., PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY, ETC. --,- ..e6 FOLLONV OTHERS GOOD EXAMPLE Vs -_-_—_ _ ---------- AND FURNISH 0 0, 6( .." ovregrl .4:, pli 1“..,,, 1 air - --,„, ...r •-• , iitZ, . do , t, ; e. ~ ,4-: ' Established 1845. stt,a MANCHESTER. I loil Who have received hundreds of ellunsolicited testimonials. ett PltTErnf3g FURNISHING DeGsllglnDsEpriccoet el , Post Free. Cash Quotations Only. cli, a 1 ; Easy Payments 10 per cent Extra. Ir. LONDON ROAD & GAYTHORN. K...........,,..__, ,

I,4DVULL MANY A FLOWER IS BORN TO , L.' BLUSH UNSEEN, AND WASTE ITS SWEETNESS ON THE DESERT AIR," sang the poet Gray; but a trades- man nowadays must not endeavour to emulate modesti violets' example, or he may quickly blush when seen in the workhouse through so elf acing himself. Rather ought he to. stand boldly forth like a flaming poppy In a field of corn, and thus become the cynosure of all eyes both near and far. pars DO NOT OMIT TO REMIND YOU Or -L. THEIR PRESENCE. No, we are constantly putting forward points for prudent people to pander over. We do not intend you to forget that ours are the Largest Furnishing Premises and Stock, that there is £50,000 worth on view,tlaat' our Sbow Windows, 300 feet long form the grandest display,, and that our proprietor is the Doyen of the Furnishing trade with a record of 58 years. Most remarkable of all, however,. is the WONDERFUL VALUE we offer, due to our large TRANSACTION and sound business methods, DlTrs's ARE PERSISTENTLY PRAISED BY 1 THEIR PATRONS. Almost every poit brings some- thing similar to the following:—" Plymouth-street, Lower Broughton, November 30th, 1903. Dear Sir,—l wish to. thank you very much for your kindness and patience with regard to our payments, and also to express our ENTIRE' SATISFACTION with all the goods that we have had frOm ycu, and I shall have great pleasure in recOmmending yoa for a RELIABLE FIRM to deal with.—Yours truly,—." PITTS'S PLEASE THH', PUBLIC PRESS ALSO. We could fill this newspaper with favOurable notices. Here is one from the " Blackpool Times " of December 12th. 1903 : " Pitts's, the fuinlshers, have been established nearly 60 years. and each year their reputation has grown as scientific furnishers and reputable business people. Send for their catalogue, and if you are going to buy furnitura you will do well to pay them a visit before deciding." pins'S MARVELLOU'.-: HOUSES OF TUBE at ltf. 221. 281, 38, 50, 75, 100, 200, up to 2.0)0 guineas represent the HIGHEST STANDARD OF EXCEL- LENCE PROCURABLE AT THE PRIOR. Their SUPESH MERIT has gained the UNIVERSAL . APPROVAL of the most astute buyers. Full particulars free. SAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTER. LONDON ROAD (trdwick and Longsight Cars), GAYTHORN (all City Road Care pass doors).

r 7, , rm kritt s . k.,..„. , i 40 lak6v. P CC43 , - , 4.... ..va ..... Z... 4 .-:„..iof powinmm Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. EgIRD'S Custard is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. flO ECC.3 ! NO RISK I tiO TZIOUSLEI

CORNWALL. ENGLAND'S IDEAL WINTMR, HEALTH AND PLEASURE RESORT. WHY IN ORDER TO AVOID THE COLD AND FOGS, I:TOUR THE TROVE/Ai AND /3)EFENSE OF A LONG FOREIGN JOURNEY? WHEN THE GREAT WESTERN R AIL WAY CAN !TAKE YOU IN A paw HOURS TO THE DELIGHTFUL CORNISH RIVIERA. WRITE TO THE SUPERINTENDENT OF THE LINE, PADDINGTON STATION, LONDON, W., IFOR INTERESTING AND 0011PREHRNbIVE ILLUSTRATED BOOKLET FREE. CONTENT 3 :—CORVWALL AND ITS WINTER CLIMATE ; THE COL' NISH RIVIERA, AND WHAT 10 SEE THERE'; SCILLY ISLANDS IN WI-NTER. WITH IrULL INFORMATION AS TO TRAIN AND MOTOE CAR SaiMe,“ ; FARES: PAQIAL TOUR TICKETS; AND A HANDY MAP. JAMES C. INGLI, General Manager.

CIOISIVORTABLB well Furnished A emus!, II NTS close to Promenade and Woods. Terms very moderate.—Mrs. MARFELL, Abergele road, Colwyn Bay.

BRIGHTON--Lady's House, furnished, excellent position £2. Shops and Villas, £'46 to £95. —YOUNG HOLBECIC ANDSADLER, Auctioneers, Brighton. Mortgages wanted).

LIGHT SINGLE BROUGHAM, suitable for a doctor, and also an excellent American Rubber-tyred Buggy; both In first-rate conditions.—Apply G. E. MosEs, 19, Old Hall street Liverpool.

UoNrit/INIiSS OARS, two 'Craps, Fast Uart on I- Springs, Hawking Cart, cheap Uig and Lorry, almost new, in bare wood, about 9i cwt.—WINNARD, Wheelwright, Higher bee. near Wigan.

TIORSIiS" LOIN CLOTHS, best and strongest in tne market, 461 n. long by 38in. wide, waterproof, on navy canvas, and weigh 4th. I wilt send one post free for 38. From H. J. Gessow, Government contractor, Rye.

IOMPLETH TURNOUT.—This is a chance seldom met k..) with. Thick set short-legged Welsh van Mare, 15 hands; good action and very fast mover; quiet and good worker ; Light Lurry with patent axles, brass caps, size 9 feet long by 5 feet wile ; weight about 9cwt. ; brass-mounted Harness aud Lurry, almost new, Wheel Hay Outter, nearly new. No reasonable offer refused, or will separate,—Apply FIREWOOD YARD, 62 Gloucester [lace, off Lowhill, Liverpool Old Swan Trams pass.

O_lG HARNBSS. Full size £4 2s 6.. Cob sizes £3 153. k..X Pony size £3 6s. Cab or business cart harness £4 108. Strong van harness £4. Farmers' strong cart la ,mess 23103. All the above are hand msde in our own factories. Heavy cart :saddles and breecbings £l, Cart bellybands 3s 6d. Plough pads 2s , 2f inch,' British government isackban and tugs 10s 6d. Cart collars 5s steel hames with hooks is 6d per rair. Black waterproof cart cover 6ft 6in. by 61t 61n. 4s 6d. Ken's brown leather British Government navy belts 6d. All goods sent on approval. Illustrated catalogue post free on application to JARDINE, contractor to H. M. Government, Nottingham.

TO FIRMERS AND OfHERS.—BEFORE YOU PUR- CHASE CRT AND PLOUGH HARNESS SEND TO J. FRY & CO. FOR PRICES. WHOLESALE SADDLERS TO THE LIVERPOOL CORPORATION 124, DALE STREET LIVERPOOL. You CAN SAVE 20 PER CENT

r7it artteti. SUNLIGHT TOPS WANTED, 9d 100. TAYLOR, 42. George street, Hull

I TAX.—RECLA NATION AS3O.-14, QUEEN 1 VICTORIA STREET, London. B.C. A GENTS wanted everywhere, either am—Write A. 8.. /1. POLISH CO., 42 Mount Pleasant, Liverpool. A GENTS WANTED.—Sbeffield Cutlery &c. Good c0m- ...-1. mission, M. A. STNET 13%. Crookes, Sheffield.

CLIWANSEA and NANTGARAI China and Cambrian Ware 13 wanted.—ALEX. DUNCAN, Glenholme, Fenarth. VVANTRD, Sunlight Lifebuoy Wrappers (Tops) Id. doz. given.—H nt. 217 Every atreet. Nelson, Lancashire. OLD ARTIF ICIAL TEETH BOUGHT, full value or cffer by posting to Messrs. BRUCh, 49, Myddelton street, London, 8.0.

MILK, WANTIID a good refrigerated dairy for 12 months State price, DANY BANK DAIRY (Jo, Atherton, near Manchester,

WANTIID to take a B&BY FROM BIRTH as own, good premium required. —Mrs. GOULDEN, Princess Park, Barnton, Northwich.

QUNLIGHT and LIFIQUOY SOAP WHAPP KM, lid 0 per doz. given.—W. Lucks AND Sons, 119, Church street, Preston.

WANTED good BARMAN. fAlso steady stableman, Give full particulars. Stamp for repIy.—MANAGER. 2, Queen Street. Heighlev.

lATANTHD 51A LL COUNTRY COT-PAGEL must have V two bedrooms ; acre or two of land.—Mrs. HARVEY, 56, Padgate lane, Warrington. VVANTFD DAIRY OF MILK ' • standard quality.delivered at Southport.—Apply to JEFFREY WAREING, 31, Bouladary street. Southport.

A RT —Work at Home, tinting prints, postcards ; easily acquired; good prices.—Adriressed envelope ART Co., 6, Great James straet, London, W.C.

T ADY CANVASSERS required (all districts) for a new JLJ high-class art pr 'Auction in miniature.—Apply STEPHENS AND BRELSFORD, 6, North at, Miller at. Manchester.

2 PIM CENT. —This can be earned on any sum quickly. eipNo agentq.—D, Box 1684. 0/0 &JARROW & THATCHER. West street, Camh-idwe Lontion, W.C.

WANTED. a OOPY of THE " WARRING TON EXAMINgit " for September 3rd, 189/. Half-a- Crown offered.—Apply at The " Examiner " Offile. War- rington.

A LL who are ENGAGED in the Engineering, Building end allied Tradss. requiring positions. write (stamped envelope for repIy).—INDUSTRIAL EMPLOY:III3NT BUREAU, 121, Oldhsm-street Manchester.

WANTBD WATSON'S MATCHLI3S, NUBOLIO Sparkla Wrappers. Is. 100. Sunlight 10d. 100 CoOPICR, 5, Guildford road, Martyrs Field, Canterbury.

- _ AGENT WANTED, to sell Is. fan ey line to householders ; splendid money maker for smart canvasser send seven stamps for sample. —VIKING MANUFACTURING CO., Mary Ann street, Birmingham.

RP—PHIISONS of Either Sex IRRQUIRRD for a simnie Profess of tinting prints, postcards, at home, easily acqnirwl, good pricms.— Particular., address.—Amr Co., 6 Great James Street, London. s.v.C.

AGENT RFQUIRICD for Widnes, Sankey, Runcorn, and r% Warrington; one for each town; for Progressive Insurance Co. Also Spare Time Menpalary and commission. —Apply 42 PARKER STREET. WarrlßßtOrt. -

30s. WEEKLY may be Masily Earned in Spare Time, by either sex; work can be done evenings; entails'no outlay ; full particulars on Tee ipt of addressed envelope.— MANAGER, 68, Lime-street. Liverpool. (Nifention paper.)

A GRNT3 INQUIRED by a firm of General carriers in 11 London for delivery of goods and parcels; preference given to those having horses and vans. Address by letter to W. R. c/o J. W. Vicims, 5. Nicholas Lane. London, 14. C.

SANTTARY INSPHOTORS.—LADY HEALTH VISITORS: £lO3 to £350 ; several hundred vacancies; 300 ucce is ea . postal coure commencing for Liverpool and Manchester Exams. Fee 25s.—MUSHEN5, Science Teacner, Sunderland. - IeIRM-WORKERS WANTED. Lucrative tnitabie employ- ment. Canadinn Government gun rant ee, Fare £7. Advice free. Avoid unauthorised agencies.—Apply immedil ately AUTHORISED AGENT," Shipping and Tourist Office W atergate. street. (Mester.

FURNITURE. PIANOS. STOCKS, &c.. BOUGHT FoR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT, OR ADV‘NuES MADE. HIGHEST PRICES GIVIPT. NO CHARGE FOR INSPECTION. HARTLEY AND CO., 12, MOSS-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

PENKETH.—Cottages 48 Ocl., 38. 91. and Bs. Bd. per week OFFICES MARKET STREET. APpIV ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War, rlngton. Telephone—No 55.

rim LET, nicest COTTAGE in Croft, w.e. water laid on, I_ garden —Apply STANT EY SMITH, Heath House, Croft, near Warrington.

TE o B LET, London and North-Western Hotel, Runcorn; reasonable terms ; ingoing yalustion.—Apply GREENALL & CO.. LTD., Wilderspool Brewery, Warrington,

DUbINESS GENTLEMEN having taken house in Parker Street womld let part to respectable Widow or Elderly Couple ; rent low to suitable applicant. —Apply 42, PARKER STREET, Warrington.

50 GENUINE Scotch Tweed Suit Lengths, 10s.. cost double,patterns free.--VElTHER,Cheapaide,Bradford. PLANS.—Working Drawings to 't inch scale. Cottages, Bungalows sped:lay ; from 10s.—ANsELL, Architect, Billericay.

VOR BALIi,-23C0 APPtitheRIATION in Leigh Model" _lf Building Society. —Apply Alxscow. Rotate Agent, L ar- ington street, Wigan.

WHOOPING COMM.—No cure no pay. Send post- card to DETICIN, 18E Alfred road Sparkhill Birming- ham for his rap Id cure. EVOLVING RUBBER HEELS, Ladies' 30., Get, ts' bid.; lA. postage Id.; cueapest heel in the world.—Lsnuik AND MCCONNAL LTD., Cambridge.

GB HNH °USES. Must be sold before quarter-day. Great R sacrifice; good living to be made. —HARRISON, Rose Cottage, Northenden road, bale. TPIARGAIN.—PoIished Fretwork, Musical House, first class worknrmship, and 30 tunes, 358., approval.—H. OAR- SIDE, 82, Middleton road, Oldham. rraYRES.— Outer Covers, fit Dunlop and Clincher wheels _L all sizes; approval ; guaranteed; 7s. 6d. each. —EMPIRE RUBBER Co., 12, Boughton, Chester.

SPRING CLNA.N with Ozo without Brushes, Soap, or Labour. Sample bottle, Is., from the Ozo Co.— URooicEs, Sheffit•id. Agents wanted. AD Y will sacrifice 2 Fancy DRESS RINGS Is. 6d. each, LA or 2s. 6d. the two. Also pretty charm, only is,—Mrs. JERAM, 2 Alford road, Erith, Kent.

QURGICAL A.PPLIA.NCHS AND SPEOIALITI MS.—List 1.) and four splendid samples.ls. P.O.—RYDEB, 87 Shaftes- bury avenue, London. Agents wanted.

WITHOUT bTOMACHIC DOSlNG.—Chronie EOZOMA and RINGWORM Cured. Remedies 13d.—F. HARRIS, See„ 119 Hanover street, Sheffiald.

FRU& —Sample of a positive cure for Constipation. Torpid Liver, all female ailments.—Write ROSEN, 40, St. Ann's Chambers. Ludgate Hill, London.

TO FARMERS AND LANDOWNERS.—CREOSOTED I FENCING, best quality, cheap ; write for prices.—W. S. Esssox AND Co., 134, Deansgate, Manchester.

BABGAlN3.—Remnant Parcels, Tweeds and Serges. for Suits and Costumes, tc. Any lengths. pacts. sent,— Write BaooKLYN, Church road, Moseley, Worcestershire.

2 a Post free, Ladles' Stylish Steel-tube Umbrella. s. k/ D. Every purchaser presented with pretty lace- trimmed Handkerchief —SLADE. Draper. Mortlake, S.W.

p di post free,-2,503 Pairs Laes' smart Walking 23. 6D. Pixies, perfectly new. All sizes. Astounding yalue.—.—Simorse, Boot Factor, 7, Temple Street, Oxford.

LLALINEC THRRISS, Hdna May. Mabel Love, use Mark- selwyns extraordinary Retanaphthol Soaps. Three shilling tablets, 2s. 64. Salaried representative required.— RUSSELL COMPANY', Tottenham.

500 .7.ll,Nesui RfrileeAL4BG, 4.cp. DeacLha.drie:rciDuriesess Itsi.negase.h post bargains; satisfaction or money returned.—DlßECT SUPPLE Co., 502. Eccieshall road, Skeffield.

pARENTS should buy the clip toe-piece for their boys' and girls' boots ; they prolong the wear cf boots for months, and the cost is only 11. START, Cumber - gate, Peterbnrouph. Wholeeale only.

a Post free Marvellous Value. Pair Black or Grey 2S. IJD. Corsets. Three large Hemstitched Handker- chiefs, 1 doz.n Torchon Lace, a lace-trimmed Handkerchief presented free.—SL.LDE, Draper, Mortlake. SPORTING DUCKLING.—Set of six unique Picture Post Cards, clever drawings by Rountree brilliant colouring, very artistic, post free le. ld.—The British Show Card and Poster Company, 37 Sr/ow-aux, London, 8.0.

rpo PROPERTY OWNERS and those interegted in Pro- 1. you like to know bow you can effect a big saying on repair expenses ? Then write now for particulars. Mention paper.—HARRIS, 4, Mill Lane, Cardiff.

GOOD MORNING! don't forget to write to-day for Illus- trated Leaflets of most useful articles in daily use by all. Post free. Mention this paper.—Yours very truly, THE OTTAWA PRESS, 125, Antill Road, Bow, London.

WATERPROOF COVBRS, same material and pliable as railway sheete,l2ft. by 91t. 12s. ' • 151 t. by 9ft , 15s, ; and any size at is, per sg, yard. with lashes ; Cash re- turned If not approved.—HEnnv J. GASSoN, Rye. 1- 00K !-4,C00 Pairs New Military Bluchers; eewn very L best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size, post free for ss. 6d. per pair; money returned if not approved of. —H. J. (lesson, Government Contractor, Rye. VICTTING. ETTING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, .1.11 Ring Nets, Purse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.TnOmeS Jonneon's, Net Warehouse Corporetion-street, Manchester.

pAUM WORK.— Unique offer, lovely silks, no rubbish, selection beautiful silk squares, is. 6cl. ' • parcel ot Crazy silks, Is. 3d. ; best crewels, 6d dozen skeins.—Mre. BUTLER, 18 Hartland road. West Kilburn, London.

DRVRRSIONS.—AII classes of Reversions bought; quick I k completions ; loans arranged at low rates. Mortgage securities wanted at 31 to 4 per cent. Business Transfer A.Frenev.—T. SMITH WoRSELEY, 26, Cooper St. Manchester.

HANDSOME Case of •iilver-mounted C arver s and Steel, 63. 6d. ; 8 silver-plated teaspoons, and 4 ditto table- spoons, new condia n ss. 6d., or will accept 10s. 6d. for the lot.—Mrs. BuTiam, 13, Hartland rold, West Kil- burn, London.

.HIDDEN TRRASURIV—New piper giving solutions to Puzzles. 200 Prizes to first subscribers. Sent regu- larly post free for quarter ending May 31st, only 2s. 6d. Postal order. Remit now. ' HIDDEN TREASURE' Office, 3, Quein's Road, Reading.

RVOLVING- RUBBBR MOM PADS keep the heels IJ always level. Assorted sizes, 6s. 6d. ver doz. pairs- Gents, assorted. Is. 6d. ; ladies, ss. 6d. ; sample pair 93. unclose stamp for list. —RUBBER GOODS SUPPLY Co., Nelson street, Blackburn, Lancashire.

B IG LOAF instead of a Slice of Bread; Canada's offer to all persons desiring to improve their circumstances. Satif faction guaranteed. No fees required.—You are invited to enclose envelope for relable information to NORTHERN EMIGRATION AGENCY, 16, Leinster Gardens. Runcorn.

TTNHHARD OF MTH:R.—An extremely handsome case kJ of Cutlery. Crayford ivory handlas ; 6 table, 6 che.se, carver, fork, and steel, Sheffield mak., In handsome silk and plush-lined case, 255., unsoiled. Serviceable four-bottled cut-glass cruet, eleetro-plated, 55. 6d.—PARKER, 17, The Avenue, West Baling, London.

LIBST and Cheapest MANURIt for Farm and Garden, and I effectual remedy for fly, slug, etc„ Native Guano, prise 70s. per ton, in bags ; 2 ton lots, carriage paid ; lowt. bag paid to any station in vingland for ss.—Write for twenty- eighth year's testimonial, NATIVE GUANO CO., LTD., 29, New Bridge street, London, 8.0

EIDNIIIND B. DAKIN. St. Paul's Buildings, Sheffield, V.. 1 earnestly solicits your patronage on behalf of English, Industry.—Razors, is., lr. 94., 25., 2s. 61., and 3s. each SCISSORS NAIL or BUTTONROLE,Is. 3d.pair ; CUTTING OUT or EMBROIDERY, ls. 3d., is. 61., 18. 91. and 2s. pair; FISHERNIAN'S SCISSORS (useful present), is. 6d. pair; LADIES' POCKET KNIVES, 1., 31., 1.. 9.1., 2s. and Is. 6d. each.

QALE I SALE SALE! THREE GREAT BkIIGAINS. IJ Handsome 18et. Rold-oaneti bangle, with padlock, set turquoise stones, worth Cs. 6d.; sale price, 2s. 3d. Also beautiful gold-cased necklet and pendant, worth Ts. Pd.; sale price 3s. 6d. Also lovely ladies' gold-cased watch-chain, 50 inches long, worth ss. 6d.; sale price. is. 3d. Cash returned if not approved.—Address W. FELL, 50 High street, Macclesfield.

TABLE OU:LEFIY of Sheffield Illanufpcture. "Will give 1 you satisfaction 1" DESSERT SPOONS OR FORKS 3s. 3d half-dozen ;TABLE FORKS or SPOON', 4s. 6d. half- dozen ; TEA SPOONS 3s. dozen, Is. 91. half-dozen ; DESSERT KNIVES. 3s. 6,1. 4s. and 6s. half-dozen; TABLE KNIVES, 4s. 65., 6s. 6d. and Bs. half-dozen. Pl.ase order white or dark handles. IVORY TABLII K NIVls. 258,, 30s. and 355. dozen; IVORY DESSERT KNIVES, 20s. 225. 64. and 255. dozen. Any of the above carriage paid on receipt of your Postal oider.—BroduND B.DLICIN, Bt. Paul's Buildings,Norfolk street, Sheffield.

A S LABOUR is an FCSSRNTIAL of LIFE So his a MARKHT of ENGLISH LABOUR WORKMAN'S USICFUL, KNTIFqt Is. and Is. 6d. each; WORKMAN'S EXTRA STRONG KNIPH, 2s. and 2s. 6d, each; WORK- MAN'S LOOK-KNIVES,' blade. 2s. and 23. 6d, each; GENT'S POOKET-KNIVES, is 3d., is. 93.,25., 2s. 6d. and 333. 61. each ; SMOKI3R'S. KNIVHS 4s. 64., ssAnd Os. each ; LAM Rs' FANCY KNIVES, 4. ss. and 7s. 6d. each ; SPORTSMAN'S KNIVRS 2s. 6d.; 3r. and 4s. each; BOYS KNIVES is.. is. 3d., is. 9d.. 2s. 6d. Ac. each; DESK KNIVES (for office use) 6d. and Is. each. Postal orders.— EDMUND B. DAMN, St. Paul's Buildings, Norfolk street, Sheffield.

FOR SALE weekly, Butter, Rue, Sausages, REEVE, Old Weston, Hunts.

iNDIGHSTION to.. n Positive CURIt ; stamped envelope, --‘• MEDICAL " care Corporation,47 Fleet street, London. 12 PIECES SILVE,t STSHL TA.13L13 V 9 ; forks, tea dessert spoons, is. 3d.—Now, Merchant, Glen field, Leicester,

BOOT TaBIBs solid, Pointed or round toesALadies or Gents, 2s. 7d. per pair,post free, LAURIE tMCONNLL, LTD, Cambridge.

ARMY BOOT 9s band, sewn us pair. All warranted genuine. ARMY BOOT AND CLOTHING STORE New Street, Jersey.

(VD. P. 0., PROPHRTEO RHA.DIN + from Photo; stamped envelope,—PsrciErom ETRIST. 95. Westmorland road, Newcastle-on-Ty no.

WORLD'S Best, Gents Box Calf Derby Be. 1.1 d., post tree cash returned if not as represeatet —iattßlE MCCONSAL, LTD, Cambridge.

111) VOLVING RUBBIM RERLS, Ladies 3id. Gents 51d. _Ltd Postage Id, Cheapest lied in the Viiorld,—Leulux & MCCONNAL, LTD„ Cambridge.

ASTROLOGY, Advice on Marriage, Health, ohances,&c. Send P.O. Is. to PROFESSOR Ahus, 31, Cardigan Crescent, Kirkstall road, Leeds.

Q TAMPS.—British awl Foreign stamps bought and ex- kJ changed, A. L. V. JENKINS & Co. Importers, Warrnambool, Victoria, Australia. ADIBS Glace 1 Bar Ward Shoes, Rubber Top piece 2s. _Li Any size. Post rree.—Lwsui & MDCoNNAL, LTD, Fitzroy Street, Cambridge.

Q MINS AND LETTERS of every dPscription made to kJ order by IC. R. LATHAM, Glass Decorator aid Siga- maker, 89, henshaw street, Liverpool.

I 1 00 FANCY Picture Cards sent post free. Is. Postal order; sphenoid for Post-cards—B. FIEDLE R AND Co., Printers, 6outhfields, London, S.W. 7%/r, Y Marvellous Paraffin Purifier gives your lamp a 1.V.1 brilliant white flame free from smoke or smell; per packet Ed.—STRANGE, Hamwortlay, Poole. JOB, 300 real sheepskin Rugs, white 6ft., lined, 10s. 6d.; P./ unlined, 9s. 61. ;no more when sold out. Worth 21s. Special-88. Mii,nsLtY PARK,London, N.

USlC.—Tnirteen Songs, mAudoiine or pianoforte pieces for Is.—Send P.O. and stamp for Is. Id. to FINCH, la, Leipsie road, S.R. Muse per return.

SU IT LENGTHS, rnArveltous value, Bs. 6d., lie., P.a. 6d., &C.; also Trousarings, patterns free.—J. HARPER, Woollen Merchant, Gledholt, Huddersfield.

NADIAN FAHMERS SUCCESS. Purest butter at X.) ball-cost, Fortune to Farme,s, 1) drymen, genuine la 6d. Howae, 21, Adelaide Street, Norwich.

fro ABIATHUR PH OTOGULAPHIMS.—Negatives re- l.. touched and varnished, fine work. Write for prices.— RICHARD HARRigorr, 42, Whalley road, Ancrington.

HRUMATIS Si Gout, Lumbago, Cause Cure emedies- _LL Interesting Book and Advice Free, Immediately post. card, ARONS, 27, Manchester-road, Blackpool.

QEBDS FOR THE GARDEN. Is you are wanting seed 0 of best quality at lowest possible price send for Cata- logue post free.—Kms, Seedsnia.i, St, Helens.

PROFITABLii RACING.—Good Profits made W,ekly by following a thoroughly Straightforward System, 2s, post free.—Trfomes, 193. Kings Cross mid. London.

D'OYLEY R CENTES, 6 for le., post free; 2 of each size (3, 4, and 5 Inch), round, octagan, or scalloped, lks pre- ferred.—BaowN AND Co., 12, Parker street, Liverpool.

POTATO and Cook Shop FITrINGS, every variety V Champion Ranges. Potat) Peelers, Shy on Wheels 116 page List free.— MA81391. S. Poland street, Manchester. CHRAP FIS FRIERS supplied with all kinds frying fish H Fishmongers with kits, good quality, mixed; lowest prices, cash with order, JAS. LE'TiEN, Pontoon, Grimsby. ARGE assortment or.. New and Second-hand Leather Suit I Cases, Cabin Trunks, Portmanteaus, and Bags to be sold cheap. —WESTER, 107 Charing Cross Road. London.

CUSHION RUl3Blik MOMS keep the heels always level, sates 50 Lau Cent, sample pair 9cl. Send stamp for Iist.—RUBBER GOODS Co., Nelson et., Blackburn, Lanes.

Do' woaßY.—Correot competition solutions." Weekly Dispatch," "fit-Bits," "Pearson'a " ; send P.O. Is. - PARKSHAW, 28 Victoria Mansions, Willesden Green, London.

Sl3O OND- AN D PIANO £3 10e.. American Organ, 15 stops, superb tone, only En 55., Bargain. Excellen, upright Iron Grand Pian9, £l5 58.—MAs3res 53A. stand- iehgate, Wigan.

f INCOLN HANDICA.P.—GenuIne reliable Information. 1.4 Horse doinz splendid prparation. Beware of half trained cats' meat Post 2s. 6d., WlLLissis, 88, Maynard road, Ws.lthamstow. FRER.—To every twelfth purchaser of our Frilled Cushion Cases 12 stafrps, Cuff Links 9 stamps, Cigarette Ca.d 15 stamps, we send two articles.—Address " VALUE," 18, Rutland road, Ilford, Rssex,

D. SECURES Complete PRINTING OUTFIT. or 2 letter el monogram (self-inking) boxed; 7d. secures 7 year dater. Energetic sgents wanted, commission good.—RICCARD BROS., 195 Old Christchurch .oad. Bournemouth,

STBRILITY in women ; its causes and curative treatment By a late Senior Physiciau to a Hospital for women, A New Bdition just published, post free 3s Bd. London - BHELLKY & 130. LTD, 38, Gracechurch-street.

CONFBOTIONHEIY and Biscuits, Cheapest Sweets, Stamped addressed envelope only, for price list, to G. J. BL.YDE, Cheapest Wholesale Confectioner, 267, New Cross road, London, S.E. Bstablished over 25 years,

1)0 YOU WANT TO CRT RICH? If so send 3 stamps for partieula..s of a new method open to all, however limited their means ; references to successful people. —A. ILICEMAN, 20, Preston road, Queen's Park, Bedford. BO OT S.—Solid Leather Navvy Tights Es. 6d., Postman's Boots 6s. 6d., Blutchers 51. ; all goods carriage' paid ; money returned if goods not approved.—ALEC BAIBD, Wholesale Merchants, 10, Duff street, Poplar, London.

NOTE HHADINGS,—Pound packet of good Note Paper with your address printed on each sheet. Any colour ink. Post free, is. 6d. Hnvelopes to match, 6d. per hun- dred.—G. GRIFFITHs, Printer, Llandrindol Wells, Wales.

GUN, DOUBLR BELICEOHLO-vDBR, 12 bore, central fire. steel barrels, top lever and rebounding hammers. splendid killing gun, scarcely soiled ; to sell quickly accept 455.; approval parcels post.—GUN, 17, Buxton-road. Mortlake, Surrey.

RHEUMATOID ARTHRlTli.—Rheumatism, Rheumatoid Arthritis and Rheumatic Gout speedily Cured. Mar- vellous new discoveries. Splendid results !—BARlstei- GOULD, hh,umatie Specialist, Queenswood-road, Birming- ham. Advice and Testimonials Free.

A DVERTIbING (Combined and Productive).—Advertise- -11 ments inserted in 60 good provincial newspapers, with guaranteed circulations, giving unrivallei, publicity. from 4s. 6d. Prospectus and testimonials free. —Address, " NEWS- PAPER CORPORATION," 47, Fleet street. London. R.C. 3a PACKETS Choicest Flower Seeds. Best varieties-. V Post free P.O. Is. lid. ; or 12 packets superfine vege- tab,e seeds, as Beet. Onion, Sprows, Cabbage &c.. and 15 packets fhwer seeds post free P.O. is. lid. —.RELIABLE SEED STORES, Department J., 75 Camberwell Grove,London,

To TAILORS AND MERCHANTS ONLY.—Our new _L Winter Patterns of Tweeds. Coatings, Overcoats, Rain- proofs Ace, are now ready. Newest Styles and Best Value in the Trade. Patterns Free. Parcels Carriage Paid.—Apply early to A OLIPEUNT and Co., Manufacturers and Merchant 133 Trongate, Glasgow.

iflarbmerm etc. TNIMRDIATTL—For Sale, Patent FIREWOOD OHOPPINf MACHINE; exceptional price to an immediate pur- chaser; capacity ',,030 bundles per hour.--Full particulars from BARRONEe Engineer/I, LeioeSter.

G ARDNJfII GAS AND )IL HNGINSS show highest economy and give no trouble, From to 50 Horse Power; Lathes and Machine Tools of all kinds. Works fitted cOmpIete.—GARDNER DEPOT, Cleveland Square, Liverpool

I:ATENT OFFIC a ANC-Ifni-I%Ft EaTentaatism IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES it SON hay° ha 4 more than 110 years' personal erperienceln connection with this Establish- ment, andpossess practical knowledtze of the notton,woollei and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreizn Patent LAWS,' price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.R., ft 5011, u.s.A 4. BT. ANN'S SQUARB,MANCHESTRIS.

ST. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMI IND (late Orneroci, Grierson and Co.), Hultne. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchased all Wheel, Pr'Ny and Tooth Block Patterns &C., telonging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London•road Iron Works, Manehe3ter, are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,ana f kir ds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and Vulley Patterns on application. ig.T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address : " Orrnerod Grlerson, Manchester."

SUTTON'S SALE ROOM, LEGE( STREET, WARRINGTON, IMPORTANT SALE OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, LIBRARY OF BOOK OIL PAIN fINGS, PROOF AND OTHER ENGRAVINGS, OOTTAG-11l PIANOFORTE. BRONZES, ORNAMENTS, AC., (ELEMoVED FRoM BEWSEY OLD HALL TO ABoVE ROOMS FOR O)NVENLENCE OF SALE,) MESSRS. T. SUTTON AND SONS have been favoured with instructions frim the trustees of the late William Reid, Esq., to SELL BY AUCTION at the above Sale Rooms on TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY NEXT. MARCH laT and 2s, 194, the Excellent Surplus, Modern and Antique VCR NIIURE, PIC CURES, BRO NZ ES, BOOKS, Ac., Together with a Consignment of Superior Furniture removed from a Residence at Lynam for conveni- ence of Sale as follows : ON TUESDAY, IsT MARCH. PICTURES—About 70 Framed Pictures including Oil Paintings, Proof and other Engravings, Nuuerous Coiouraa Prints, Ac, LIBRARY OF BOOKS—About 50/0 volumes. WEDNESDAY, 2rsia MARCH. FURNITURE AND EFFECTS—Genuine Antique Buffet Oabinet with carved panels and frieze, Antique Oak Linen Chest with beautifully carved panels, dated 1719,a 6 feet Walnut Sideboard, Walnut screw extending Dining Table, Dining Room Suite of 10 single and 2 carving chairs in corduroy velvet, a 5 feet Dinner Waggon fitted with leaf elides. Three large Gas Cooking Stoves, Iron Safe 42 inches high, Pawnbroker's Safe, fitted with drawers. ticc., an 8 day Grandfather's Clock, with brass dial in oak case, carved- oak Bookcase, mahogany open recess Bookcase, carved rosewood Cheffonier, large mahogany z-ideboar,i, with raised mirror back on carved cabriole legs. Garde-v in, a 9 feet walnut open Book- case. Empire Clock under shade, mahogany enclosed Cheff onier, carved oak Kneehole pedestal Writing fable, with 9 drawers, Chimney Glass in gilt frame, painted Wash- stands and Dreesinz Tables, fumed oak Sideboard, revolving Book Stand, Tapestry and Axminster Carpets, Wringing and Washing Machine, large deal Ta ble and miscellaneous items. Sale to commence each day at 2 o'islock p.m. prompt. On Iview on Monday, Ft-bruary 29th, 1904. No Catalogues.

ROBERT LOW'il. ESTATE AGENT. AUOTIONERR, & VALUER Office and Salerooms : No, 1, BA.N.K-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHorrE, No. M. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and 8( cond-band Furniture and other Goode constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture, &c., warehoused,

LONDON VISITORS.—Queen's Private Hotel, 7, Queen Square, Bloomsbury, Central, Maximum comfort, minimum expense.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS 34 TO 10 MINI/ITR HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, BUSTON EQUARIC. HONE COMPORTS, CLEANIINEE3S AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

ri RAND Sable-and-White Pedigree COLLIE Mon IT Grinner) ; will be sold cheap.—Tom MILLAR, Bridge House, Shrewsbury.

FOWL CORN, 7s 6d, 10s 6d, 12 61, 2401bs ; Pig Food, 7s 6d per 2001bs.—RocHE AND Co., 15, Goree piazzVii, Liver- pool. Mention paper.

QITTINGS OF EGGS 45., Buff and Black Orpingtons, Andalusians, Micaoress, Langshans, and Indian Game, all prize strains —liycnorr, Cambridge.

1I SILVER WYANDoTTES have laid regularly since al/ . October; eggs from Palace and Dairy winning strain, 4s. and 7s. per dozln.—WILLIAm Itssuorf.Borrowash,Derby

POULTRY MRAL.—We are now making special Meals for coming winter at 8s: and 10s. per 2Jolbs., sacks !nein- ded.—ltocnE AND Co., 15, Goree-piazzas, Liverpool. (Men + ion paper,)

9,01,41 C, Egg-producing Pills. Invaluable for keeping Poultry in grand condition, ensuring Health, Eggs, Profits all year rouna, is. boxes free.—lfivfwei, 52, New Kent road, London.

VGGS FOR SITTING; Orpingtons, RRocks, Wyandottes. Minorcas, Leghorns, &c 3s 6d per doz ; guaranteed fertile, Chickens, Ducklings 8s per dozen.-14. WHITTAX,CE, 270, Rochdale road, Oldham.

HORSES, CATTLE & POULTRY need Spring medicines as much as you do. Why neglect them ? Try Hutchins Pure Vegetable Cattle and Poultry Tonl3. It never fails. Trial box, 12 packets, post free, ls.—H. THOMAS & Co., Chingforcl. London, N.H. Agents wantel. 14144 S FOR HATC RlNG.—Barred Rocks, Buff Orping tons, Silver-laced Wyandottes, and Aylesbury Ducks all selected exhibition stock of highest possible laying quali- ties ;3s, 6d. per 13 Eggs; guaranteed fertile.—QßAY. Meadow House, Bromborcugh, Birkenhead.

WILCOX'S POULTRY SHOO produces more eggs,keeps fowls healthy. prevents gapes and cramp in chickens; tins 6d and is post free 84 and is 3d. Try Wilcox's special Game and Poultry Meals 18s and 16s per cwt. Wholesale Agents Wanted.—A. & F. Witoox, Sandyford, Stone,Staffordshire.

oLOG BUSINESS to be disposed of, established 1833, lovoing Vb.—Apply to J. UNDERwoop, Church street, Whitby.

TELSON. —Fish and Chip Potato pusitittss ; good post- I'll tion ; low rent ; easy iugoing ; failing health.-44, BRACEWELL STREET. SPLENDID SHOP and BUSINESS on Sale; Horse Shoer arid General S. free.—Apply WHITTLE, Stnith, Hindley Green, near Wigan.

TOBACCONIST'S BUPINESS for disposal, Old established I Cheap rent. Best Street, £lsD.—NELsox, 47, St. Stephens Street, Norwich

eIREIiNGROORRY and FRUIT BUSINRSS for Sale, in the beautiful Peaat de resort, ODIwYn Y ; splendid position,— Aadress X„ 23, Parkfield avenue, Birkenhead.

BLetOKYoOL. —Good 2:141.85. triti.Trx IlUdLtiliSb for Die- pose!, ten years' c)nnection ; with good house attached. —Apply Owner. S. BERRY, Reads road, Corner Centre Drive, BlaCkpool.

HAIRDICHSSING, Umbrelln, and Grinding Business for Sale, genuine ; present tenant 16 years ; reasons for leaving other business.—Apply on the premises, W. Loraam 23, Har2reaveB street, Haslingden.

I) Emma. IPRO RR R TAIL T DR.—Splendid Fish it Chips and Tripe Shops for sale. Best known shops in Manchester; will prove business.—Apply RDWARDB TRIPE WORKS, Brook Road, Gorton, Manchester.

FOR DI3PO9AL, Ladies' and Children's OUTFITTING Bußinem ; good opening for millinery or dressmaking ; double-fronted shop, main thoroughfare.-9pply Mrs.Waan, 32, Higher Market street, Farnworth, near Bolton.

TO PARTIE3 WANTING A SOUND BUSINESS IN LIVERPOOL. 13 " " AN D C 0 ACCOUNTANT. TRA. SNSPER BUSINESS ACLENTS AND VALUERS. TCS,TABLISHED 1875. WILL BUY, SELL, OR VALUE ANY (LASS OF BUSINESS, STOCKS. OR MACHINERY, WILL FIND YOU A PARTNER WITH £5 TO £5OOO, NO SALE, NO CHARGE. SOUTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ROCHE S HERBAL EMBROOATION. HooPiNa COUGH The celebrated cffectual HOOPING COUGH cure without interna HOOPING COUGH medicine. HOOPING COUGH per boaliltieChertigets Ilvnrhiocr,B4. 01e BRONCHITIS Agents: W. EDWARDS & SoN, 157, Queen Victoria CROUP Street, London. ) ROCH E'S HERBAL EIBROCATION.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE A BOON TO WOMANKIND. They are the best known Remedy for Ausemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 90. is lid, 2s 91. ' 4s 6(1, and Ils. May be had from Chemists and ' Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the Prorrietor. Only Address : 3)9, PORTOBELLO-ROAD. NOTTING HILL, LONDON W.

KNIGHTSVILLB LADIES' COLLEGE, BEOCKLEi LONDON,—Kindergarten Student required; i.repara- tion Tor Froebel Examinations. Moderate fees.

UNIVE_Ru s ScCETBYsFuleb-1001ORDLIN, GS Os cUaro odLPFOORKTB•oysA. MOST W. HENDERSON, M.A., Principal,

S— - ASAPH GRAMMAR SCHOOL, N. WALBS. PUBLIC BOARDING SCHOOL. Well equipped. Laboratory, Workshop. Healthy, picturesque situation. Near Cathe- dral. Bracing air. Individual attention. Preparation for university, professional. and commercial exams.—B. MAINER, M.A., B.Sc., head master. VIOLIN.—NEW METHOD BY bILVCIK, tutor of Kubelik and Koolau. For terms apply Mr. T. BOOTHROYD'S VIOLIN, MANDOLINE, ZITHP:R, BANJO, AND GUITAR STUDIO, 9, SU/CZ-ST/MT, WARRINGTON.

cIOUTHPORT MODERN SCLIOOL. SC kRISBRICK / NEW-ROAD. One of the LARGEST PRIVATE SCHOOLS in the North of England. CAPT. J. C. UNDERWOOD, A.O P.. F.R.G.S.. Head Master.

VAIRHAVEN HIGH. SCH.OOL FOR GLII t" near St. Annes-on—Sea.Bracing position,seaside,extensive accommt tion fligh-claes Modern Educatian. Staff Includes Residen., B.A. Mistress. and nine Certificated Teachers Bxams. successes. Printsfoal : SII arAtc N.

MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.0.M., Professor of Music,Orga.nist and Olfbirmaster of St. Paul's (Jhureh. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT. MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three—manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LIVELY-LINE Warrington.

TOWLE'S OHLORODYNE Renowned for COUGHB, TOWLE'S C Consumptiom HLORODYNE BRONCHITIS, Asthma, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE ILIFLURNZA., Spasms, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE 24 doses for 2s. r-11,..TRus11 AM. IMITATIONS AND SUB- STITUTICS, See that A. P. TO sVLS anA SON is printed on each bottle.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER COMPLAINTS, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS HEADACHE, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS INDIO-ESTION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, 1)R. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SCOIT'S PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFIC&CIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices Is. lid. and 29. 9d.

THE EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISEAENTS APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES To7BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS BALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 64

NEW SPRING GOODS. W• T. WlLLwis IS NOW SHOWING EARLY SPRING NOVRLTIR9, IN C OATS, DRESS FABRICS, MILLINERY, &c. &c. 74, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

2/6 PER IM.PERI AL QuAttr (BOTTLES INCLUDED.) SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY ALSO A.T 3/-, 3/9,4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUIRT, 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BRO 3, wiNa MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Ststions.)

FOOTBALL. 111118 appearance of th‘t unigne little "Diary and Com, panion " issued by GBO. G. BUSSBY CO.. for the see of Cricketers (which may be obtained from Spor ts Dealers, Booksellers, or Railway Bookstalls for 6d.), reminds usof the coming season, in anticipation of which GEO. G. BUSSES' & Co., have prepared a record" stock of Bats. Wears told thAt the timber they hold for Bat making alone exoeeds 1,000 tons. " Glorious Criaket follows the British Flag everywhere." (1) TflE NORTAERN UNION. FIRST' DIVISION.

--------------------- ' ----------------_____ -- , ,----_ i,iii::no...% i1i......'"... ilits-- T. l. ~..:__, 5::.1.4% .7---- ;tu,ie-"":y:4!is/--;-7--"--',4\'.k.L:r...c: ' -------------_ ..„ ..„ . ..„ __„,, -- - - :7- -- 1 ' --."---- _ ___,----'-' ,'A 4' 14'; ' -- - , • ' -: 4'44 i• ' ' _ .----2:- ~,_._:.-----__--014------- ----------,------.-----. '--;:=32lllllnirt'''ri. fielfP' g -6—"--T—Mlllllirisi .0111111111.4,14., . 'at` -----'''----,-----.7-.W- ~.,-,-,.- - • ......,,,,„,,.. - •7: - , - •=7'':"."'''.-'44mik---'' '' " - - ."11111 ' . . 771-it-j---__ .. -----___7---_ e- . --_-_-_,1,),44,01,--- 1-"'"iftniiiie'' ti---- '' . ~...,....:„... 4... , ..,.., ~., x ...., allimmteiwii , • 11 I .^,,_,.., • . orka wirittiliv.,, * t.— A•A ',1,--4:: -. , lt- i -..:'. , ~. 11: ." • - t'- -• , _ . _, , „. , ....... .......„,.... ....,,.. ... ;,..1, . . ... , _, . I . ---. . :3 ,- v,- : ,- , . _ , : . A • - - ' - . JIG"' ....._-..., --.---- ----7"-------' - ' - - - .........• -°-----------------------=-------- --- - - ,"--" . % 4 . • -. ..: . - ' -. . -IP ,11, - 47, t. __________-_-=-_____,-- ---•--- __._._...-.--..::z.z......... .....„..„-......;, ...: _. g i • - a'' '. * '''-.#.-IC-----'----- -•-• - - v:‘, „....., , ...'f=.......,, 4.D.,.........._______ •••......., *".....5. "411-0-•-•-------"'-"...."-___• ..--------. ,1,-.. ~...• 4.1.C.0 ................. . , .........''':::.........,....... -,.... .....

JEWSBURY BROWTS Soda Water', Lemonade, Ginger Ale, Potash Watt2r, Ginp.er Beer, Seitzer Water By Appointment to the KING. MANIC El 'PST P R.

IL

A PRESENT TO EMERY PURCHASER. •ite to-day for patterns on approval, post free to : WRAY & CO. (Dept. A), National SAk Wlrehcase, MACCL-SSFIELD.

7F YOU 1' '7EII , TO LIVE TO A GOOD OLD AGE AND HAVE GOOD BEALT if OU must keep your lungs right. Sufferers front ASTHMA , BRONCHITIS, CONSUMPTION, and all chest complaints should send for our book, BREATH OF LIFE.' For all suffering from SORV THROAT, QUItiSY, MUMPS, our 'HYGIENIC THROAT INVIGORATOR' (2/9) is invaluable. Full particulars of above FREE on application to: THE HYGIENIC HEALTH CO., rREVELYAN BUILDINGS, CORPORATION STREET, MANCHESTER.

Is the most Casumen sustaining Food on earth. COMPLETELY REMOVES INDIGESTION, CON- STIPATION, UNIQUE for AN/11, FEVERS, GOUT, CONSUMPTION, DIAF`ITES, RHEUMA- TISM and INFLUENZA. Write for free sample of CASUMEN, with LANCET report a- full particulars. ilb post free .s.—PRIDEAUX'S 1 s- CO., MOT- OOMPH. DORSET : or through Chemists, Stores. etc.

N C for KEATiNUS LOZEMGES EALY ME WORST CCLIGH. One elves relief. An increa.sing sale of over 80 years is n certain test of their value. Sold In 13id. tins everywhere.

3.,. e 41( rtlitr,;6** it />C)C, ~. CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVIPG ALL PAIN AND THROBBING ANO SOON GORES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard callosities 011 tb,/ soles of the feet. If you suffer try a box, you wio never regret it. Boxes 1/li. of all Chemists. BEETHAtd & soti. chantiats, OHELTEINk _.--

- - • .of SPRING - ....4 , .rz,-....- For careful cut, popular pat- i - -- - --- tern,and faultless finikh, John ~... ,' Noble's new garments for ' • Ladies' Spring Wear have : never been equalled at the low ' ft • Prices quoted. Witness this— : es, % '''.-•i t'i . , ir., f - * Lathemes 0 or% . ostu u , 4. ~,„.e, Carriage 6d. extra. :, A. , Model 2269.—Ta110r-cut , .„ ~.' , COAT,setni-iltting back, lot- eat pointed shoulder cat,. I,', trimmed fancy braid. Stylish , il.. tall SKIRT, inverted pleat -; -,7,------,' back,side fastening and pock- ...; i ry• , at. In Zibeline, Vicuna Twill, / ' ; or famous J.N. Cheviot '-- Serge. Colours: Wedgwood, , :1 .,.., Rose, Slate, Reseda, Brown, / Myrtle, Grey, Ruby, Fawn, ?/..,. 131T311,1814176Y, ZnidnrVit!itz,2l, . c..` ~,,- 28, 28 ins ; Skirt (front), 88, 40, ~.. A / / , 42 ins. Special sizes, 2/6 ex. ' 4*. .., (Skirt alone, 5/6. Car. sd. / / , ii/ // extra). Money refunded d / / failing satisfaction. j ,An immense variety of 1, l', Costumes, Coats, &c., d, ri:4ls/ Sp Ce ~,,,-;„ / shown in ring ta. t .., z ,/ - Logue' sent Posh Free. - , Write to-day. 2, i •"4; g% #. M 4.0,1, i , zA. ...0.111,4) ta r• i ,q.. i-; ...., ILEA!, 111:1r . ' w ,11, ' • ,":1.0.., .-"lViit:.,l ,I‘,. ',ZVI .... 4 - ' Si. t'e .A,Faiii,)

'' '''',4%, 1-,,e00.4W144%,". ", •.. -•4,4 -...;. ...,..., ~,.:,,, -0- ~,..4 , • ...,,,,,„ ..- • ~, ~. dz0v...,,,,„,,,,rA, 4,.' :;'•/,'";-- " - '), .:.-f..7:7'lti . : ''''''''tL . '-- .:.:' )':" i 7. ' ' ' - •4 . , ''' •::: 4,,,,iw54:4 ;*94o4„Wilte.",i; . , ' e • "1' • li NY ' ; .-A•, V <, ,VIVe~:{AY. '- % .. '4, ~ V'-' 1 ,'N ' 1 ',. _ `• , `', , , ; . , t ITC 7 IFS) Eg4TAit7 'TM 41e). L.1.W.1.,,e" a.....13:a .. ,› . 77 t" r-7-1 7es 99, lb 17/A , TUI T:.,r,'L by: -. T tilhiL ilig TI Vti 013 LO. re tZI • Qt-=, , <-' •,- -, . ' ,4.4 LW, Iniee.lion ins-Saingly ‹-- --" 0 a a isy ,722 forilms of 0 ,i , ...., ~.,....,., ...,..,......, ~... ),:•:,..I.Tyi i , r (1 -17'. ,F • _ , _.....= .- f , , ~..,,• --.../..,.. ~. .. ..,, AV ~. ' I:fs • . , 4 . .:: • ' " , ‹: ? `...'.=.•;,; . -"f , e .:40,. t , :r..,,.:,,,‘i-i , ~,,_ '.-;- E. .) > The CIEVER-FAiLitiG AiiTISEPTIC & GERMICIDE SOAP1:1:;41 : .-. For Clothes, Bedding, Floors, Furniture, Paint, Oilcloth, Drains, &c. In' the Bathroom, Nursery, -, Cellar, and Kitchen. For Plates, Pots, Pans, &c. . > 1 zit SAVE HEALTH. SAVE LIFE. SAVE WRAPPERS. 1.- . , Sold everywhere by Grocers, Oilmen, Stores, 6,c. • , ~,,,.. - !'Arl.s.lf,'''' (311 Fes 17..Q171,11' priZr 86t [hren _, on, k-- l'A , ..1.3 o,r i - 1,-4 , , ~.,,,,,. c 0 LI Lu ' -xL,,:y L, „J , :-t..:?, • 19 v 47g0 Ps- 11,700-Valige . 4. - - 51 , T‘,..?. ' s:s It for Soap Wrappers. Cash prizes as high as iioo each. Thousands 44. of Watches, Cycles, Sewing Machines, Timepieces, Dress Lengths, and other Articles. Collect the wrappers of Nubolic Soap and send them to the address below. Wrappers of Watson's Matchless Cleanser and Sparkla may be used by competitors for the pries. Full particulars accompany each tablet of the three soaps. • ,- -- JOSEPH WATSON & SONS LTD., WHITEHALL SOAP WORKS, LEEDS. I, .... ~,:..-.. • ,x.: '3, i. -p-, .1 1-4-:-:!..!,..e,. . a--,' .- -,..,..,-,,ri-A.,, itt:44, ' '‘ , • - ' ,`}.-` -.'• -‘,• .- ', ''. ". ' •''' . ' ' --.•.15.,..,?t1. -S. .. . -;--4 .: , -',,,,,,, - • • .-, -, - - 4.• ~-,4•;..- %: kV . v.:',4.-4---•N. , 4 k

A COO* FAMILY MEI:10'11E CHEST3 1 7 T ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might V V improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used but COCKLE'S PILLS as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes SD well, may be set down as the best. —Observer. ................loa ..7,44...- s, • . 7 ..,, . 4, FREE FROM MERCURY. 4....,, -...,... ~., 7-:: .T 1 tiLleu,„,,,, r - el; onorf 4 OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. , ,1.. ILLS. ~. For BILE, LIVER ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c. . .e, ~ _ , -, --- 7' 2ilf, 2,,i,„ 4', :•.i,v. '''. -'.., i';', . • %Ai .-ke.vreisit:* -,ptcitie • 12,7., ~.,,,_,-'ee ' pi" - t.l , ~-,,,/ . , ~.,, laikt,' ,- ‘.• . - ii -..,, • X" ,it • % •*F. 1 1 _ 7,4,,. 0 1#5.10110 0

1 Constructed in accordance with physiological principles, give no undue pressure, but yield to the movements of the body, and the side supports are UNBREAKABLE. • Modelled in different shapes to suit various types of figures, they yield a most graceful and rounded appearance. . 1 ICES: 3/11% to '2O/6. Obtainable froin(the principal Drapers and Ladies' Outfitters, but if any difficulty - in procuring, write for name of nearest agent. ~.,„/stst on having the J.B. Side-Spring Corset—The Best. PATENT C SDE SPR I I - ING PATENT SIDE - SPRING CORS ~ CO., .-„.SE ,rr '1 7-i t6r, PAT:ENT s CO R ET Fi FOR TIE A-LTH ! COMFORT! ELEGANCE! I. FOR HEALTH! CO .IIFORT ! ELEGANCE! t IMPORTANT.—he wear of every J.B. Corset is absolutely guaranteed by i'l i J. S. BLAIR, GREAT ANCOATS STREET MANCHESTER.

\ . •1.. , , , ..___,_37_ r IL j or , 0,10)0e ity awa s eVeryliviiiing \A7 keP ti . _______„_:„....„...................... . . _ .4.4..__,..._ ... __ ..,,......AAf4 „,......,,,.,„„0z...,...3 .„... 4. .... V .. I\ • ‘ ,t 1 4 , ' R€.p..g. krVr, iil, 0 p )-{ I,' -- . l -1-1/ 0 . '-' '-' 4,- • bi ei / ' , ' ...;", ,teq;*- 4 ~. , '----'_ C .3.'„' , -•._,..,'- -. . ' , - - a, ~,•fil›. 1 ~, ..s. 44,_ . _ - --=).:40-- Ettakang Net., Land • „..-----5..7—,= . , 0, / , ....,........!--- . ' '4'" • " s , / - .- ` e ''' ~.. ........--,--,------7._ , ,c,s, ~"irztl/4-"1, Ihrraci,ing. I ''' ),((.,,a)_A-,-", , -4 • - ' '-'iCtY/A/1. Healthy, CAlm.te-1,0.,. offifi.L._ -zi... ,---i. . ..•,. -Th --,-..„, <7, .0...-..- ~ . "N, -, ---...• • VAreliV (((f LighlTa=zes 4/ if -.-, 11, . li „ Z 0 ' -.-- '- - -.- ---'-' - ---- ',, f *w.•266-4_ (Free-Schools /-,A-- - ------"--,-- '--- ...,, 4,v•--..-...--.,- . ,- "2i- ;5_ f , ..t.ci.---4-a?- iv- 0"'...7,- ~... • -._ ,o 1 400, • ~ 3 - No, /3. , . ,t; d__' . _ LA 2.1/4 PY LI Ikk r-v ,44 1 otatr-X.:skt;;AA, 4:,../...2..; —._ - ----''*--• . ~,,- ~...ruelmi --,44 , • • •.. -. ... -4,, ~...:,... s ,4--- -- Carrie l' ~....v,. _ , "." 1.-.4.tm r r.... ....b.'• • `•••• 4.3.'1' L (S) %,. 4, 174-11=4177. IF.A..M.MS CD:L7 160 .atC/RdEi..S. For latest official Haps, Pamphlets and full particulars, gratis, apply to Mr. W. T. R. PRESTON, COMMISSIONER OF EMIGRATION, 11-12, CARING CROSS, LONDON, S.W., or Mr. A. F. JURY, OLD CASTLE BUILDINGS, LIVERPOOL

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S PILLS. A RECORD CURB ! 32, Archer-street, Bayswater, London, W. Dear Sir,—Sanday night my big toe pained me, on Monday it was much worse, and in the evening I could scarcely walk. At 6 p.m. I sent for a bottle of your Gout Pills, and took two at once. At 9.30 I was much relieved, and could eat my supper. I took another before going to bed, and although so hot I got a fair night's rest. I have taken two more pills to-day, and now, at 6.30, lam alright again. This is a record cure. Yours truly. PHILIP BRANS. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. led. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT & R

STOCKTON HEATH. -- - [Continued from page 3.] IMPROVEMENTS IN THE VILL A.GE.—The proposed erection of two shops with cocoa rooms with club and billiard rooms at the corner of Old London-road and Victoria Square has • naturally aroused considerable interest in Stockton Heath. We have made further inquiries in the matter and we find that the proposed buildings will be somewhat unique in character as it is intended that there will be an arcade to each of the two shops. The buildings will be somewhat pretty design and undoubtedly owing to their close proximity to the proposed tramway terminus in Victoria-square the Cocoa Rooms should prove to ba quite a boon to visitors. The owner we understand is Mr. Peers- Egerton-Warburton, and the contractor Mr. C. W. Davenport.

F OR FIRST-CLASS PMIVATE. DENTISTRY TEETH. Appointments nanrrnaeonegsecryatat rtmy be TEETH. AU consultations free. T w TEETH Bach patient informed required, w and the it TEETH. Gold and other fillings at mo4erate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendauus. TEETH. P.,niess Exotfrac Nitronags harireto by t•te niL• TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 13,00010010ns weekly. Ekon. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY BE.A.M.P M. IVIADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS ...GEORGE-ST R ET MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON S E Y-STR 1 WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. RnAMORN, 31. BRIDGFrSTR MET THURSDAY, .2 to 5. N0RTHW1CH......14, APPLEMARKET•STREETI FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

Deaths. TAYLOR—February 25th, at his residence 7, Paul street, Warrington, William Taylor, Builder. No Flowers.
