===== 0002601_19041022_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
A. AND J.M 'LAIN E, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS. AND SILVERSMITHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITFHAFI4L, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Chnrcl,reet, Lord-titeet, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every descriptiOn. OLD GOLD lIND SILVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with i.otot airliamen Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble CRWis, Pictures, an., itc., always on Sale. We are now offering some Spec:al BATicIAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLEItY. LADIES and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS. SCARP PINS, BROOCHF.J, etc- Bcts We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES TIY YOST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPP.,,RS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds. Skilfully and P mptly done. Low _ aces in 11ver:5°01 for Gold Chains.

Caref ullyJelectea Stock of GOLD BROOCHES BRACELETS, Itc. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. • LADE' S RICHMOND fREET. LIVERPOOL.

- ALLAN LINE.-TO CANADA, UNITED STATE RIVER PLATE, AND INDIA. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. (The only line under Government contract for the npnvevance of Canadian Mails). ROSARIAN Monte Video & Buenos Avres...Oct. 26 PARISIAN Quebec and Montreal - Oct. 27 CLUNDA St. John's N.F. and Halifax Nov. I CITY OF VIENNA...Bombay and Kurachl Nov. I TUNISIAN Quebec and Montreal OCEAN RATES—To Canada, Saloon from £l4. Secondly Cabin, £7 10s.:Third Class £3. To India £37 10s. and 27 101. For full particulars apply to ALLAN'S. 103,Leadenhal Street ndon, 8.C., and 19. James-street. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES• COLLEGE, URMSTON, NEAR MANCHESTER. _ --

HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. PRINCIPALS: Mrs. E. ELLIDGR. Trained Certificated Teacher. Registered Column B Teachers' Register ; Miss M. HOLLAND, London Trained Kindergarten Teacher. Full staff of Resident English and Foreign Mistresses, and Visit- ing Professors. Pupils prepared for Oxford and Cambridge Local and Music Examinations. FEES MODERATE. PROSPECTUS and REFERENCESion APPLICATION.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVE AND ENJOY LIFE.

AS FRRR FROM PAINS, ACHRS. SICRNRSS, AND DANGRR AS MAN CAN HOPR TO ATTAIN. USE

VITA-LEO

" A MARVELLOUS REMEDY."

RXTIIRNAL !TREATMENT. Simple, safe, and certain Guaranteed the most marvellous specific for human ills ever placed before the public. AN IDEAL EMBROCATION FOR ATHLETES. VITA-LEO OINTMENT

CURES Ulcers, Sores, Wounds, Eczema, and other Skin Diseases, Bad Legs, Blood Poison. Piles. Fistula, .tc. CURBS WHEN ALL ELSE FAIL,. BY POST : VITA-LEO 15. 34., is. 9d., and 25. sa ; OINTMENT, 7d. and le. Id. Direct from Manufacturers, HASSARD AND CO., 180. GREAT 1314ITAIN STREET. DUBLIN. Pamphlet on " Disease, Oause, Prevention and Cure" Free

PRINTERS, LITHOGRAPHERS, BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULERS, ac.. SPECIAL facilities for PRINTING all kinds of EDUCATIONAL WORKS. PLACARDS. in Black and Coloured Inks, to ..y size or pat`,ern, and on any color of paper.

JOHN WALKER AND CO.

JOHN WALKER & CO EXAMINER OFFICE,

WARRINGTON!

===== 0002601_19041022_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
CONCERTS TEA PARTIES SOIREES SERMONS BALLS MEETINGS &c., isc; e.JOHY WALKER & CO.

INVOICHS for Grocers, Shoemakers, Cl ogger Butchers, Bakers, Plumbers, Publicans, &e.

HANDBILLS, in large or small quantities cheap and:effective. Bstimates given for all kinds of work.

EXAMINER OFFICE,

BEWBBY-SIREET W RRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
G-

EDDESS DANDELION COFFEE

The best and cheapest ever offered tc, the Pnbll:. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists,( anistes 6d., 100.., and Is. Ed. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON. LTD WARRINGTOB ESTABLISHED 1833.

B. W ADSWORTH,

===== 0002601_19041022_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLE AGENT FOR THE

WORLD-FAMED PIANOS OF

JOHN BROADWOOD & SONS. ADDRESS: 59. SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON M tiS. THOS. CLARKE WILL CARRY ON THE BUSINESS OF

STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT AT THE " EXAMINER" OFFICE,

33, MARKET STREET, EARLESTOWN,

As before, and sincerely hopes to receive the same patronage as bestowed on her late husband for upwards of 40 yeats.

TO PHOTOGRAPBERi AND OTHERS HAVE A LARGE SELECTION OF

SECOND HAND KODAKS

AND THER FIRM CAMERAS BF ALL THE LEADING MAKERS. ALSO 57 HALF PLATE CAMERA SETS COMPLETE FROM 28e. 6D. TO £3. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. AMATEUR • PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT. 71, OXFORD ROAD MANCHESTER.

itpartuttnts,furtttobtb f?otiots etr.

riiWO ni,e Rooms, good locality, low rent. partly furnished. ,I. 143, DORCHkBTER RD., Weymouth,.

OCTOBER HOLIDAY.—Try Llandrindod Wells (L.N.W.R bracing air, corrective Waters, fine scenery. —Apart) ments, ALBION HOUSE.

r YTHAM.-0051FORTABLI3 Sitting and Bedroo m with I_4 borne comforts. for winter months ; piano; terms moderate.-52. WESTE9-9TREIT

-DEDNOOM and USE of SITTINCI-ROOM WANTED for I/ two lady assistante.—dtate terms to Box B. "Examiner " Office, Warrington.

LIURNISHED HOUSE or Apartments. Four sitting and 1: ten bedrooms. Terms moderate. —Mrs. JoxEs,CarEligln House, West-end Parade, Pwllbeli,

B- RIGHTON.—LADY'S HOUSE, FURNI:stiliD, excellent position, £2; Shops; Villas, £26-£9s.—YouxG, 1101. BECK & :SADLER. Brighton. (Mortgages wanted).

ZLIGHT SUPERVISION, cheerful friendly home offered—. Eiperienced care, bright companionship. Every com- fort and attention, Highest references. Moderate terms.— REGISTRAR, Harpenden. Herts.

J ODGINGS WANTBD with or without board, clean LI comfortable and economical for young man; Stockton Heath or neighbourhood.—Addresa " SrLvAsus " Examiner Office; Warrington.

lottls, pparos,_ Boartitio egtab.

I[ILLAHNHY.—HOTHL billittOPOCE. High class .1%. Temperance. Magnificent scenery. Terms moderate,

QOUTHPORT.-sleyan BOARDING ROUSH. 9,Promen ade ; ouperiot rooms ; lea view ; board from 51. ; batL, pianoe.—DEAMPNESe.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HGTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL. ALSO AT 70 A 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HONE COM.ORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE,

ABER IrST WITH. HE BELLE VU E HOTEL, FACING TEE SEA.

One of the cheapest and most .:tomfortable Family Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee /loom and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms from 2f guineas per week, or 9s. per day, aclording to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from 6s. 'able d'Hote at 6.3) o'clock For TARIFFS ecc., apply to W. H. PALMER. PROPRIETOR.

llonsts, garriageo, Zthe gitork srr

ON SALE. two Litters of PIGS 9 and 11 weeks old.— eilsruSoCK. Opposite Queen's Hotel Leyland, Nr Preston.

GOLDFISII, Twelve (alive) sent any distance for 11.— GAY'S ROYAL FISHERIEB,WnterIoo Bridge rd.London,S.H

ON SALM, First Class BROUGHAM and PH—ARTON.— Apply CHARLES LANCASTER, Springfield Lodge, Upper Chorlton road, Manchester.

[AN SALE, TOY POMBRANI&N PUPPIES : also Black I/ Pomeranian Bitch; 18 months old.--Apply 14. YOUNG- ST., Preston, loincashire.

lAIIGH WHITH PlGS,eligible for Herd Book ;two grand _LJ litters ; reasonable.—For prices and peligrees,—Appl)- GLASSFoRD. Tabley Hlll. Kantaford.

iIHORTHORIST COWS and Young Bulls tor Sale; cow .- calving early and good milkers; entered in herd book. Apply J. LAwsow, Wesharn. Kirkham.

VOR ALM, BAY MARE (useful). quiet and,good work r in all gears. Also ten load Regent seed potatoes.— Apply J. LEWD, Stanny Brook. Crowton. Northwich.

OVEPNESS CAR (New) by Huxley and Co., Whitchurcb. oak colour suit 12 to 13 hands pony, price £l2 lOs ; also Siamese phaeton suit 15 to 16 hands, cheap, can be seen at THE MEws, Aigburth Vale, Aigburth. Liverpool.

lIORSKb' LOIN CLOTHS.—Best and strongest in the market ; 461 n. lon zby 381n,wide. Waterproof on stout navy convas. and weighs 4th. I will seod one post free for 3s. Cash returned it not approved.—HY.J.CiaSsoN, Rye.

ITHSICO SUlitilllFlC for lame or unsound Horses.- 7 Vesico Sudorific is the quickest, safest, and most famous remedy for We,,k Joints, Sprained Sinews, Diseased Bone, Puffy Swellings, and all ailments, causing lameness. price 2s. 6d. or Os., of Chemists, or post tree —UBEGORY & Co. Temple, Bristol.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
Matt) i fiery, etc.

B---- ATES'S GAS and IML ENGINIiS, successfully exhibited at all important shows ; hundreds in use; quick de- livery; all sizes.—W.J.BATEs 1 Co.,Lry.,Oenton.Man,thester

O N SALR, CART WSIC}HING MtCHINki by Kitchen %arrlngton, to weigh 5 tons, nearly new. Also weigh, bridge, by Stead, Manchester ; cheap. —NICHOLOoN, 91, Moor rd,. Orrell, Wigan.

O N SALB, Combined PLANING, SAWING, and MOULD ING MACHIN N. to plane foul sides at one operation circular and band saw with 10 saws, and large quantity of cutters.-51, ASH WORTH STREET, Rochdale.

BOILICRB.—FOR SALB,two Babcock and Wilcox STRAM BOILERS, in perfect condition; very nearly new total heating surface of each boiler 1.42 srm-6 feet ; each boiler is composed of nine sections each section being of eight best-quality steel tubes 41n. diameter. 16ft. long ; the steam and water drums are 481 n. diameter, 21ft. 41ri. long, made ot half-inch mild steel plates ; working steam pressure 150Ib. per square inch ; together with all fittings complete. —CUNLIFFE. Mill at., Ancoats, Manchester.

PATENT OF PlOll. Si A.NOIISSTER BaT.A.BLISHED pi 1835. Messrs. GEORGIE DAVI/38 & SON have ha • more than 43. years' personal experiencein connection with this Estaixisti— ment arid posses practi,al kno wiedse of the ootton,wnollesi and iron _manufactures.

" Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price la. 91301G1 DAVIBS, C. 8., & SON, F.1.P.A., -

4. BT. ANN'S SQUARB.MANCHHSTBN.

- QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS. LIMITS]) (late Ortnerod, Li Grierson and Co.), Hu!me. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, Priley and Tooth Block Patterns ac., telooglng to the late Henry Wren and Co., London•road Iron Works, Manchester, an., are in a position to Supply CASrINGS, Millwright And a klr is of Engineering Work promptly.—Cat&logues Wheels and runny Patterns on application. N.T., No. 219, Manchester: Te legraplile address: " Ormerod Grit 1. Manchester'.

otrson

JOHN ‘ITALKSH & CO : BOOKBINDRHS, PAPHR RULIMS. &C..

ACCOUNT BOOKS, &c 11 ADE TO ORDER

===== 0002601_19041022_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
I\IIcDOUGALLB 13athrlt SELF-RAISING FLOUR mARYLTTB, ASTR The Examiner, Saturday, October 22, 1904.

It pays you to buy the best, & the best of all cocoas

And &eñ. t&A'ii said to hermit : "She Is tnar per- ticulai:" 'However, whe sent into the drawing-room some bit 'cakes of her own making, and when she removed the things found them untouched. "My!" she tMd. I hope 'nits ain't ill. No, miss would have been better off if she had been ill; something

worse had happened to her—a look back into the past. Somehow the Mavnards were always talking of her—Frank to ran down, the elders to palliate. It was Lily who first noticed that on these occasions Colonel Albert always listened, but never joined in. It was to Mrs. Maynard that he said one day, when, after a discussion about their neighbour, the chil- dren had gone out: "I suppose she is very lonely." "I can't helo thinking. Colonel, that she has had some disappointment. What age should you take her for?" "Oh. she isn't more than thirty-five," said he, decidedly—"l mean—one has to allow—she dresses not like most ladies of her age. And thirty-five," he went on musingly, "that is really nothing—some women are quite young--" "If they are fairly happy," said Mrs. Maynard.

"She isn't happy?" aia he quickly. "I think only lonely women get into what the children call those frumpy ways, and lonely people are never very happy. I don't like Frank speaking of her as he does, because she is really very good'. I visit a little myself, and all the poor people are fond of her." "I should imagine that." "I didn't know you had noticed her enough to judge." "Well—l—you see the children talk of her so much, and of course it's rather hard for a woman." "What is? oh, living alone." - "Exactly," said Colonel Albert. "I didn't quite take your meaning," said Mrs. Maynard, and then the subject dropped. The Colonel, when he went up to his room that night, stood at his window looking out for a long time, not on to the Maynards' garden, but towards Miss Chichester's. which wasn't as large nor as pretty. No doubt after his Indian exile one old-fashioned English garden was as charming as another. Miss Chichester's fidgets seemed to have subsided when one evening Colonel Albert, the children being out, volunteered to carry a message for Mrs. Maynmd to one of the cottages. Mrs. Williams received him respectfully. "I won't come in," he said, "I see you have a visitor." For in the gathering dusk be could see a lady sitting by the fire. "Oh, never mind, sir," said Mrs. Williams, "it's only Miss Chichester—she often conies and sits with me." The Colonel had already crossed the thresholl„ and he said, mechanically: "011, indeed, very kind," and bowed to the lady sitting on the hearth, in her straight-cut dark gown and bonnet close to her head, and her hands, gown, her thread gloves, folded in her lap. Mrs. Williams was so busy dust- ing a chair for the Colonel that she never noticed the warm colour that came up into Miss Chichester's face as she bent her head in response to the Colonel's salutation.

"The evenings de close in now, sir," said the good woman; "it's dark in here, ain't it?" which gave Colonel Albert time to recover himself, and to give his message, and make some ordinary remarks, and listen without impatience to Mrs. Williams's volubility. But all the time he was thinking sadly and bitterly, "How she is changed! What a fool I have been!" till Miss Chichester, who had said scarcely anything, rose. •

"I think I must be goinlz, Mrs. Williams," she raid; "it is getting very dark." The Colonel started up. "You must let me see you home, "he said, and agAin the flush came into her face, fainter this time.

"Yes, miss." said Mrs. Williams, "you don't like being out in the dusk alone, and, of course, it ain't fit for laaies." Miss Chichester shook hands with the woman, and went out, without a word to Colonel Albert or even a look at him, as he stood at the door waiting. But he followed her out into the lane, and Mrs. Williams, as she looked after them, said to herself: ",There. I wouldn't have thought she'd let him go along of her. Many's the time she's said to me that she don't think it proper for ladies to be walking about with gentlemen at dark. But there, she ain't that young." Outside, in the soft deepening dusk, Colonel Albert walked by. the old maid's side, and said not a word, as if ho had been born dumb. Then, sud- denly. he drew her hand on to his arm, and, perhaps because he felt it tremble, there was that sudden rush of emotion in his heart that forced his lips to open. "Maggie," be said, tenderly.

Then they both stood still, and she looked up at him—young again, transformed, as if time had reversed itself' and been as kind to her as the summer breeze that had played with the hair on her forehead and twisted it into ripples. It was fifteen pears ago—there were the arching trees, and the summer scents, and the warm breeze; and he was holding her hands and telling her he love.' her, and she was blushing, and trembling, and lifting sweet, soft eyes. She wasn't staid and prim and eccentric; he hadn't shut out all love and hardened himself, and suffered thirst and heat and cold and wounds, and thonght of shadowy lanes and cool dusk. Yes, that had been the dream—the creeping years and the bitter changes; this was the reality. He was smoothing the brown hair, just streaked with silver here and there—it hada% been in that old time, fifteen long years ago—and her tears were gathering and falling; she hadn't shed tears much for many a year. Somehow they had seemed dried up, and what need has a lonely old maid to cry? She might be crying all day for the matter of that, if only for the pain always in her heart. They found words at last; they came from him first—a sad "Maggie, how you have suffered! It was all nip; fault"—and from her a quick: "On, no—mine, too—l was proud—unforgiving." And neither asked the other: "Do you love me still?" Did they not know it ? "We are not so old—either of us," Colonel Albert said; "there are years before us yet, though I have lost fifteen years.' "You have lost them!"

"Could you come to me and say, Forgive ' P That was my place. But the years drifted on. and I tried to forget—to think you had never cared— that you had forgotten. Somehow I never could forget—the old memories came surging up when I thought they had been effaced, So, Maggie, if you can forgive my wrong, my silence—if you can trust me enough to give me the chance to retrieve what I have done—to make the years before you happier than those that have gone--" -

"Do you know what you are saying?" she asked. "Can we close up the gap of years like that? we are friends again—but look at me. I am thirty-five by age—how old by narrowing myself down to my own grief, and growing dull and eccentric? You, a man, have had other interests—l, a woman, atot forced to work, have had leisure to be hedged round with little habits and fads that made up my life. I might be happy—but you!" "You will grow young again when you are happy •—you will always be young to me," he said, earnestly. "Do you know how little-minded and selfish a man can get who lives to old age without any ties? We misunderstood each other miserably —were foolish and proud; don't let us ruin all our lives as we have ruined our youth." Then he passed his arm round the slim waist of this old maid—who did not seem shocked by the impropriety. She looked almost pretty with her down-dropped eyes and colour coming and going A smile broke over her face at last—"l think you'll be sorry," she said. The children came in before the Colonel did that evening; but lie appeared shortly afterwards, and entered as usual into the family chaff and fun. He told it all very simply when he and his old friend and Mrs. Maynard were alone. He said he and Maggie had had a quarrel—lie did not go further i into t than that—and lie had gone out to India. It had been his fault; lie would lay no blame on her, though of course they knew it takes two to make a quarrel. Stil:, they could see that if each had been wrong it must be the man who makes the mode, and Colonel Albert hadn't done that. . The Maynards called on Miss Chichester the next day, and they got very friendly with her, finding that beneath all the excrescences of old maidisth she was gentle and unselfish. Lily and the Colonel between them coaxed her into fashionable gowns and curled hair. Nobody . knew, however, how charming she could look till they saw her in her madding-gown, and-her eyes shining so softly under the rings of hair on her forehead. Lily was the only bridesmaid, and was almost as happy as this bride. . come and see us, Frank?" said Maggie, just before they were to start,,for the Highlands; "I owe you reparation, you know. You shall run wild if you like. Lily and Frank went together to the lovely placo Colonel Albert had bought. Ho didn't leave the Service, of course, but xlienever he could was a-. • this country house. 7• It's delightful," Lily reporteq to her mother, when she got hack; "you wouldn't know her for the same person ; she's a bit precise some things, but she seems to have got all thos,! angles rubbed off. I don't believe she likes a chair. cover awry, but she let Frank romp about as 11.4 liked." "And he ?" said M ijor May narl. • "Oh, lie langli: at her. He's nicer than ever—% fairly hugged him w got tte.re. I always like peoph! who hare had a lot of trouble, they are F.ll gwacit. avid 5... ilist bow Maggie is."

===== 0002601_19041022_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
ou erits

~ . ~,,:' • ... . , .• '4-'3 ,r '' .„-.. --, .;: . '''' • c rk` '4ll. le , '....::, ‘... )11 f_'t -4.

Try it.

It is a pure soluble cocoa with a delicious natural flavour which you cannot fail to enjoy.

'Pure and unmixed."—The Lancet. "Perfect in flavour. Pure and well prepared." —British Medical Journal. "A perfect beverage, combining Strength, Purity and Solubility."—Medical Annual.

BEST & GOES FARTHEST.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

RURCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. .

I The Empress Dowager of Russia.—Many members of 1 the household at the Danish Court have remarked the great change that has taken place in the appearance of , the Empress Dowager of Russia since her last visit to Denmark. Then her hair was dark, but is now grey, The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural whilst her features have become more marked with lines District Council was held at Dutton Workhouse on , and her eyes have lost their lustre. This ageing of the Tuesday. Mr. Pilling presided and there were also Empress was doubtless the more noticeable when she present: Messrs. A. R. Norman, T. Baxter, T. Wright, I was recently seen in company with Queen Alexandra, C. E. Linaker. C. E. Linaker jun., C. Roylance, J, who still retains her youthful appearance and buoyancy Hallows, J. Bolshaw, J. Pilling, Admiral Jones Parry jof spirits. Moreover her Majesty the Queen always J. L. Jones, J. Billington, T. Antwis, J. Broom, H. M- dresses in an attractive style, but the Empress wears Davies, J. Mounfield,J. T. Collier, J. Whitley J. Spruce, only black, and never more than one or two ornaments T. Eves, 3. H. Davies, J. W. Whitley, J. Smith, E of jewellery. Like our own Queen, the Empress Dowager Bretherton and W. Chrimes, together with Messrs. ; has always taken the greatest interest in the people of Ashton (clerk), Hough (assistant clerk), Farrington her ado_pted country and has naturally shared the general (inspector) and Dr. Adams (medical officer). anxiety in Russia with regard to the disastrous war with SURVEYOR'S SALARY. !Japan in which the Russians have suffered so many Mr. W. Diggle having made an application for an ' humiliating defeats. increase in salary, it was decided to leave the matter in Miss Nightingale's Jubilee.—Miss Florence Nightin- the hands of the committee which had been appointed to gale has this week been the recipient of many con- consider the duties of the officers of the committee. gratulations upon the Jubilee of the work which has THE ISOLATION HOSPITAL. endeared her name to the people of every civilised At a meeting of the Hospital Committee it was country. It was on the 21st October fifty years ago decided to adopt the sunbeam system of acetylene that she departed for the Crimea, and made heroic lighting for the isolation hospital. It was further efforts for the relief of the sick and wounded soldiers. decided to purchase a disinfector from the Cherry Tree It was not only her own untiring labours in this cause, Machine Company, and to have it installed at the but her gift of inspiring others that was the means of hospital, at a total cost of £133. bringing about a new era in the history of war. Miss :MEDICAL SUPERVISION. Nightingale has lived a retired life for very many years, Mr. Collier gave notice that at the next meeting of but she has never ceased in her endeavours to promote the Council he would move that upon the receipt of the work under the Red Cross, and it is a happy circumstance notification of an infectious disease, the medical officer that she should still retain fair health and be able to should visit the case within a specified time. He did contemplate the great strides this movement has made so not with the idea of disparaging their medical officer, in the past half century. but under the present system in some cases as much as A Famous Authoress.—That well-known writer of five days elapsed between the notification of a case and fiction—Miss Braddon (Mrs. Maxwell)—has just passed the visit of the medical officer of health. her sixty-seventh biithday, and. has almost as many THE HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT. novels as years to her name since she published her first Dr. Adams reported that during the month the follow- great success, "Lady Audley's Secret." That and her ing cases of infectious disease had been reported.— second venture, "Aurora Floyd," quickly made her one Diphtheria, one case each at Weston Point, Preston of the most popular novelists of the Victorian reign, Brook, Helsby, and Antrobus, and two cases of scarlet and there are few indeed who have not been interested fever at Antrobus and Norley. in some of the many charming books that have appeared from her clever and versatile pen. Some Successful Women Writers in Society.— Amongst the latest to join the ranks of literary peer- esses is the Marchioness of Tullibardine who is engaged upon a history of that famous regiment, the Black Watch. The Duchess of Sutherland who has already made some well-known additions to Mudie's list of current fiction, is shortly bringing out a new novel. Both she and the Duchess of Leeds have a real literary taste which appeals to the reading public on its merits. So also has Lady Wawrick, who however has not yet at- tempted fiction, nor has Lady Juene, though it is said that a novel will shortly appear from her pen. No list of successful women writers in Society would be com- plete which does not include Mrs. Cornwallis West, Lady Colin Campbell, and Mrs. Alfred Lytleton. who is writing a novel, and also a new play in collaboration with Lady Betty Balfour. Among the writers of a less ambitious kind might be mentioned the Countess of Jersey, Lady Cromartie, and Lady Pembroke, one of the sisters of the Duchess of Leeds. Why not try a No-tip League ?—The great success which has attended the opening of a " no-tip " restaurant in London, has induced some sanguine people to believe in the possibility of abolishing the "tipping " system, as it exists in hotels, restaurants, on the railways, and among servants generally. It vrould be an ideal reform if it could be effected, for of late years tips to servants have grown tol such an extent as to become a serious item when visiting friends or venturing to stay away from home. Only a very few strong-minded people—women mostly—dare to stand out against it, and it is to be feared that tipping has become so much the recognised thing that it will never be put down to any appreciable extent. Vet it is an entirely underhand proceeding, the product of a desire on the part of those with the longer purse, to get the better of those less well-to-do. One way to fight against such a system would be the formation of a " No-tip League." but it would have to be very influentially supported before people would care to venture into hotels or res- taurants, wearing a badge which, to the waiters, maids, boots, and others, would be very much like a red rag to a bull.

Canine Parties.—Pet animals were never more fathion- . able than now, and there are no extremes to which some ; Society women will not go in pampering their bejewelled favourite. Tn America—the land of fads and fanatics—we read of fashionable dog parties taking place. The dogs are invited by costly cards bearing their names, and those of their owners. When they arrive on the appointed day, they. are conducted to the banquet and their masters and mistresses etand behind , and wait upon their pets. Whether the dogs enjoy this ceremonious style of banquet or not, their owners seem to think it delightfully funny, and it seems likely that canine parties will become all the rage in the select &clay circles of New York. A Prevalent Frand.—The letter of the Secretary of the Drapers' Chamber of Trade, draws attention to a class of fraud which has long been prevalent,and has no doubt brought a satisfactory harvest to the people who practice it. 'I he mode us operandi is to distribute hand- bills,which it is stated will be called for,containing a cata- logue af goods at ridiculously low prices. Shortly after- wards a traveller calls, and receives orders for some of these bargains, stating that he will not take the money, but payment can be made when the goods are delivered. The unsuspecting housewife, thinking to receive some i goods at a sixth or so of their value, s then persuaded to purchase other material which • the man produces. This she pays for, only to find that inferior goods have been palmed off upon her at exhcrbitant prices, and that the "bargains "never arrive. A Dangerous Fashion.—Several cases of blood- poisoning have occurred lately through the wearing of bright red stockings, which, together with red belts, underskirts,and headgear, are having a great vogue just now. The wearers of highly coloured hosiery always run a considerable risk, as should the colour permeate the skin, through a scratch, or cut, blood-poisoning is the probable result. Therefore it would appear more sensible to leave this mode severely alone, and content ourselves with the black hosiery that is warranted fast, dye, and simply sewn with scarlet. Stoles and Muffs.—The newest stoles will afford ample warmth, coming as they do to a point behind which extends almost to the waist, forming a cape on the shoulders and completely covering the chest, from whence they narrow off and fall well below the knees, finishing in a cluster of " In greyand lock squirrel, also caracul—which is the least costly of all the skins that can rank as "real fur"—these new "stoles" are within the poslibility of the moderately stocked purse, and are to be preferred to the more or less successful imitations of the costly furs. Muffs are i very large, the "pillow" shape, which s long, deep, and flat, being first in favour. Severity in Tailor-made Costurnes.—Leadi ng Viennese and Parisian tailors are building their bodices after the style of the habit coat. These they, are heavily braid- ing, and finishing with sharp points in front. Heavily- braided and much-gored skirts, clearing the ground, accompany these new bodices, and no other toilette could possibly be more becoming to a woman possessed _ of a good figure.

MADGE.

FAILURES IN ENGLAND AND WALES.—Acentding to " Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the total number of failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday. October 14th, was 188, viz. :—New Bankruptcy proceedings published in the London Gazette, 86: Deeds of arrangement registered 102. The respective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were: Bankruptcies, 103; Deeds of arrangement. 89—Total 192; being a net increase in Bankruptcies of 225. and a net increase in deeds of arrangement in 1904 to date, of 453.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
Fortnightly Meeting.

FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.

The autumn modes are no longer in an in definite stage but are now firmly established, and for the next four or five months we will see an evolution and elaboration of the fashions which new prevail. These are merely a modification 14 all that best pleased the leaders of the world of dress during the summer months. There is still everywhere a decided leaning towards picturesqueness of attire both for indoor, and street wear, and while coats and skirts are rather more simple and cut more strictly on the lines of the tailor-made," proper evening and afternoon gowns are distinguished by an increase of elaboration and a profuseness of trimming. In regard to the selection of a dress or coat and skirt costume for street wear I would cer- tainly advise that those whose means are not sufficient to allow of a dress of this kind made to order should instead select as smart. as

possible ready-made garments definitely deciding the amount they can afford to lay out before starting on a shopping expedition. There are some who prefer to buy the re- quisite amount of cloth, lining, buttons, etc., themselves and have the dress made up at home or by a dressmaker. This, however, is rarely successful, for there is a cut and a finish which is necessary for the success of an out- door costume which is somehow only achieved by a skilled cutter and tailor whose business it has always been to turn out a certain descrip- tion of work. _ _ _

The cosy coat sketched would not look at all smart if it were riot fashioned by an ex- perienced hand. It is a delightful wrap for a cold afternoon or evening as the box cloth of which it is made is heavy and warm and is rendered all the more so by a lining of tar! an- patterned satin. The collar, revers, and deep. cuffs are of fur, and the coat is of the fashion- able three-quarter double-breasted sac shape. Made in fawn, with sable brown collar, etc., it looks very smart, while a putty tone with black fur trimmings and a gaily hued lining looks modish. Face cloth could be used if a less weighty coat is preferred. Box cloth, however, wears splendidly though it is rather more expensive. One can often use up an old half worn fur cape or coat for making the collar and revers on a new coat or cloak, leav- ing out any very worn or rubbed portions. In this way a garment can be made to look twice as valuable and an old and unfashionable fur made to do duty in another form.

This year there are many imitation fur coats which are exceedingly pret They are made

A PICTURE EAT.

out of plush treated in various ways chid the imitation of the real skin is in many instances simply marvellous, while the price is equally moderate. These are very useful for wear with different skirts.

The lovely picture hat shown in my second sketch is made of a large soft flappy black felt of a satiny surface curved and wired into shape and trimmed with 'handsome curling ostrich feathers, while black chiffon strings are tied in a smart little bow at the left side. A black velvet bow caught with a buckle in the centre covers the bandeau which gives the hat an upward tilt at the front. The crown. which is broad and flat, is finished byl a narrow black velvet band, but it is in the shaping of the hat that the secret of its success lien. A hat like this would do a wholtwinter's wear for best and is sufficiently dre.s;.for restaur- ant or theatre wear, although for the latter purpose a small hat or toque is more sensible and comfortable both for one's self and those who sit behind. ,Managers of most theatres prefer, of course, .that hats should be left in the cloak rooms, but it is not always necessary to do so, neither is it always advisable as in the crush of leaving one's clothes and hata get crushed. Besides it is always a difficulty almost insurmountable to get within reason- able distance of a looking-glass and one has to trust to chance in the arrangement of a hat or toque at,,the right angle. Therefore I advise a

tfit ~.e::,;•• t's..:. , .... i .4g gi 0 • // f.?, , i ..,..„4.1 tt . ! //,'• ) ~,z

A COSY COAT

t y . . ----, 7:„.........t.,4,..t.„ 7".• 'r 4s 1 400000 e,„ _ * a.c..,-,•,,K. , Ab „....,, ••••• ~,,,,_4-„,,,,,,,„ r. ''' ,*--..,'"---,•4 .. ~""....*•'_lt.:::- '' '- • ' it' I/ 4'0,,i- • ' 's „,...7.7 „-- , , Oig.. , I i;i.:*>•?',- . ,5.,„:4,4>: • t,t•tili -...:. • ~.14"--- • . N'tk .• •).:,..,-:), • ..., !,4) , 'l,4i,wilit ...._ ••'-.::1` : .4., %.),.. ... , :2: •..,.'4 r.,', ' 8.-: I'. An' • " • K•Ili 1,-.-..,- 7, • -.,,,,.. 4*, -,,,...**,1, •• , , -••.: • , '1•••!' --/- • ...* -

j k• • r .1 -r W'll6lllr-4'

===== 0002601_19041022_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY HAT.

simple style of headgear which goes easily On. Still, the picture hat is often to be seen. in such circumstances and looks very charming when expressed all in black and worn with a white or pale coloured gown. Another style of hat is illustrated in my last sketch. The style is much simpler and there- fore more suited for morning wear. It is made of a furry surfaced felt or beaver in a soft shade of fawn and is trimmed by a twist of petunia coloured velvet , and a couple of magpie tinted birds at one side. The effect is very stylish. A black hat of the same style trimmed in a similar fashion and in the same colours would go very tastefully with a black cloth costume. A great deal of ribbon is being used on this season's hats, and there are not perhaps so many whole birds as formerly, but choux of (ribbon or large close bunches of flowers take their .place in many instances. For fiats, 'however, such as I have sketched,l there is nothing so smart looking as a bird or! some wings. Satin and velvet ribbons are' arranged in quillings and ruchings round the low, flat, widec rowns of some of the most fashionable hats, while others again have smartly arranged bows of fanciful patterned ribbons through which one or two quills are thrust.

Co4avErriV

===== 0002601_19041022_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
(Comiright. A REGULAR OLD MAID.

By MARIE MAITLAND.

"Odious old fidget! I don't wonder she never got married."

"Why, Frank, how spiteful!" said Lily, looking up from her drawing. "What has poor Miss Chichester done now?"

"Poor, indeed!" said Frank, at the unchivalrous age of fourteen; "she's a regular old fidget! She's al ways worrying about something. First, I chase her cat; then my rabbits get over the hedge and nibble her rotten old cabbages; then she complained because Tom and I, played cricket on the laurel path, and the balls might—only might—break her greenhouse windows—an old nuisance :ike that ought to live in a desert."

"She isn't old," said Lily, indignantly. "She is—she looks forty." "That isn't old, and she doesn't look forty. Boys are such duffers. She wears her hair plainly, and she looks pale and worn, and you can't see the difference. The hair is awfully pretty—all ripply, if she would only not wear it so primly; and I think her eyes are sweet." "Oh, what bosh! she's a beastly old worry."

"For shame, Frank!" "What's the matter?" said Mrs. Maynard, open- ing the dining-room door. "Lily, you look—well, angry—and Frank—" "Frank will go on about poor Miss Chichester, mother."

"Now, mother," cried the boy, running up to the universal authority, "isn't she forty?" "Forty? Dear me, no—you've got to take five years off her for her hair and dress," said the mother, highly amused. "You don't mean to say you've been discussing a lady's age? I thought you wanted to be like Colonel Albert ?"

"Oh, well," said Frank, disconcerted. For he had always made a model of his father's brother officer, whom he had heard of so much, but never seen, and in his own boyish mind Colonel Albert was a hero and an idol, equal to the doughty knights and magnanimous pirates of his tale-books. And he knew that the last thing such a chivalrous personage as Colonel Albert (so the children had always called him) would do would be to run a tilt against a woman, however uninteresting. His mother had compassion on the boy's discom- fiture, and said: "I came to tell you about that very Colonel of ours. He's coming to stay with us. His regiment arrived from India last week, and your father telegraphed to him to come. Fifteen years away! It's a long time. Frank, you must go to the station with your father to meet the Colonel." The Colonel, who had become famous in the May- nard household, arrived in time for dinner. He was tall and bronzed, and a soldier all over, and got such a warm welcome that he seemed at a loss what to say. He made great friends with the children, Frank being full of admiration for the

man who had a real sword, and had killed people with it.

"You'll come and see my rabbits to-morrow?" said the boy, when he was going to bed. ‘I shall be delighted," said Colonel Albert, and ha was dragged off next morning after breakfast and shewn the patches of garden belonging to the 3hildren,where nothing would grow, and the rabbits that everybody attended to save Frank: "You've got a nice place here, Maynard," said Colonel Albert, who was known in the service as Colonel Esselmont. "Jolly big compound—l men garden." "Time you settled down in some such place," said the Major, wlio had sauntered out after his friend. "Are you not tired of India?" "No " the Colonel looked away over the trees while he answered—"and what should I do in a place like this?" "Find a wife," said Maynard, laughing.

"What, at my age?" "My dear fellow, what nonsense! You've only just turned forty, and upon my word you've worn better than I'd have expected in that climate. You haven't as many grey hairs as I have," looking critically at the other's dark hair, which certainly 3hewed very little change of colour for a man who had led a hard life in a trying climate. "But then you've had an easy life—plenty of money, no 'brats Like these to plague your life out."

Colonel Albert here laid his hand almost uncon- 3ciously on Tom's fair head, that young gentleman Lifting big, round, wondering eyes to the soldier's face. Children feel so quickly—perhaps Master Tom had a vague idea of something beyond a caress in that touch. .

"No," said the Colonel, "I've had only myself to think of—if that keeps a man young. Well, Frank, are those all the rabbits? "

"There's the black one," said Tom; "it's trying to get into Fidget's garden—l'll get it." "Fidget!" said Colonel Albert, whereat Frank poured out his woes, and the Colonel laughed. Lily exclaimed: "Hush, there she is!

She was walking in her garden—this ogre of Frank's—and yet she. wasn't much like an ogre. She had probably never been exactly pretty, but she had rather fine grey eyes and wavy hair, which she spoilt by folding away in prim braids. She was not tall, but she had a slight figure, clothed in a gown not quite in the fashion, and falling too stiffly. A huge brown hat, of the snrt called "basin," was Dn her head; and whether she were forty or, as Mrs. Maynard averred, five years younger, she had acquired the indefinable old maid air. They all looked towards her; Frank muttered "Old cat!" and the Colonel turned away—of course he had only glanced at her; but he went up the garden as if he had forgotten all about the black rabbit he was to have seen. Lily was going after him. when Miss Chichester's voice over the hedge arrested her.

"Miss Maynard!" "Good morning, Miss Chichester," said Lily. "I think your rabbit is in my garden," said Miss Chichester, severely; "if your little brother will come round properly to the gate he shall have him." "Oh, thank you," said Lily, smothering a laugh. tell Tom," and she ran off, coming sharp upon Colonel Albert, who hadn't got as far on his way as he should have done.

"Did you hear her?" said she; "isn't Frank half right ? " And then she noticed that he was looking ;tern, with knitted brows, and she said quickly: -Oh, I bvg your pardon," thinking she had vexed ni m.

"What for, my child?" he said, smiling. "Well, go and send Tom round to the gate; I daresay she is a little precise," with a good deal of hesitation. When Lily had left him he sat down on a bench ri_‘ar, and remained very still, as people do who hold themselves together with an effort. Presently he became aware of little feet pattering along the path, and up came Tom with his hands full of flowers. She gave them to me," he said, and Colonel Albert tifted the little fellow on his knee. "Who gave chein to you?" he said, in that tender way he had with children.

Tom couldn't say "Chichester"; he nodded his nead towards her garden, and said 'She." Then the Colonel took the lovely bunch, all fresh and dewy, in his hand—holding the child close meanwhile. "I mustn't beg for one, must I?" be said, "since they were given to you." - -

"011, yes," said Tom, who was pleased at the tribute to his. flowers; "I'll 'find you one," and being a generous child he picked two of the loveliest roses in the bunch. The wondering look came again into, his eyes when Colonel Albert kissed him.

Miss Chichester's maid soon informed her mis- tress that there was a grand soldier staying next door; she had heard he was someone very important in India. Probably she thought he had conquered an army in his own person. _

"I think I saw him in their garden," said Ali3S Chichester, "a tall man, not very young." "Yes, miss, out he's a handsome gentleman," said the domestic. "Shall I bring in tea,_ miss ?"

Miss Chichester glanced at the clock on the mantelpiece, a clock that never committed the impropriety of being wrong. "It wants five minutes to five," said she; "at five you can bring the tea. [like punctuality. Susan.,,

===== 0002601_19041022_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CHAMBER OF COMMERCE. The Stag Bridge Lay-By.

The principal item under discussion at a meeting of the Council of the Warrington Chamber of Commerce which was held on Monday, was the utilizing of the lay-by with the Manchester Ship Canal, at Walton, for the purposes of local traffic. The opinion was generally expressed that by utilizing the lay-by it might be advantageous for Warrington manufacturers to have their goods for abroad shipped at Walton.—lt was decided to write to the Ship Canal Company for further information, and that if the facilities offered by the company were of such a character as to commend them- selves to the Council, a special general meeting of the Chamber should be called in order to lay the matter before them.

PROPOSED LECTURE. The SECRETARY (Alderman Bennett) reported that he hoped to arrange for an early lecture by Mr. Thomas H. Barker, the secretary of the Liverpool Chamber, on the Trans-Siberian railway. THE ASSOCIATED CHAMBERS. Alderman BENNEW reported that he attended the autumnal meetings of the Associated Chambers in Man- chester, accompanied by the Vice-President (Mr. J. Fulton Smith) Mr. John Fairclough and Mr. T. E. Gibson. Resolutions were carried approving of the recent Anglo-French agreement ; supporting an arbitra- tion treaty with the United States ; in favour of the development of our present system of technical and commercial education; of the nationalization of canals; of the adoption of the recommendations of the joint committee of the Lords and Commons on municipal trading; of the further reform of the patent laws; of providing untaxed alcohol for manufacturing purposes; for the repeal of the sugar tax, of the abolition of light dues; of the concession of one vote to every limited company • of improving the position, status and influ- ence of 'Chambers of Commerce and of many other im- portant commercial topics. The delegates were sump- tuously entertained by the Manchester Chamber, and among the excursions organised for their enjoyment was a visit to the works of Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, in which, through the kindness of the firm, they were accompanied by a large number of the mem- bers of the NVirrington Chamber. The meeting was well attended and was tinder the chairmanship of Mr. C. E. Parker.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
A LIVERPOOL POLISHER'S PERIL ----- Zam-Buk Cures Poisoned and Ulcerated Arms.

Very few of those housewives who admire the beauti- ful work of the French polisher think of the physical suffering which has sometimes to be endured so as to give such a finish to the furniture. The chemicals used have frequently a serious effect upon the man's hands and arms, and in a recent Liverpool case, blood poisoning and ulceration was the result. The victim was Mr. Joseph H. Jones, of 2' Raglan-terrace. Alma-street, Everton, Liverpool, and he has given an account of his sufferings, and of his cure by using Zam-Buk, to a Liverpool reporter: "About seven or eight years ago," said Mr. Jones. "my fingers got covered with blisters in consequence of a strong polish Iliad been using. These blisters became very irritable,and in a short time developed into ulcers, which caused me to seek medical aid. For several years I was taking medicine, but I never seemed to properly recover. Shortly after Christmas the affection spread to my arms and legs, and I was quite unable to work. I had to lay up. My fingers were swollen, stiff, and were all out of shape, whilst my arms had to be bandaged twice a day, and I was helpless as a child. My wife had to wash, dress, and feed me, and I settled down as a confirmed invalid. "About this time my wife had been using Zam-Buk successfully for her chapped hands, and she prevailed on me to give it a trial. I did so, with a result that can only be described as magical. With absolute truth, may say that from the first my hands and arms com- menced to improve, and at the end of a fortnight I was completely cured. The swellings had gone,the stiffness vanished and the sore places were all healed up. I at tri- bute this entirely to the soothing, antiseptic and cura- tive powers of Zam-Buk,and when I think of the nights of sleeplessness I have suffered, of the agony I endured, my cure seems incredible." Zam-Buk is invaluable for poisoned wounds, festering sores, ulcers, eczema, piles, psoriasis, boils, pimples, sores, rash, bad legs, cuts, bruises, burns, scalds, cb.afings, itch, cramp, stiff joints, raw chins, black-heads, scalp ; irritation, sore heads, aching feet, weak ankles, sprains, stiffness, swollen knees, inflamed patches, and sunburn. Price Is. I,ld. per box, or 2s. 9d. large size (2s. 9d. box contains nearly four times the is. ; of all chemists,• or post free for same prices eirect from the Zam-Buk Co., 4, Red Cross-street, London, E.C.

Mr. Hall Caine's novel, The Prodigal Son," i4to be published by Mr. Heinemann on November Ist, and the author's enormous popularity all over the world is best proved by the fact that it will he issued simultaneously in eight different languages, while translations in six further languages are in preparation.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
And Colonel Albert and Maggie had driven homa after seeing their young guests off. Happily the Colonel never used a mrlisip which left one hand free for Maggie's to lie in. lie had su much lost tialf3 make up, he would say. ;TUE END.]

===== 0002601_19041022_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

SHE: "Why did you lose your temper so unfor tunately at that game of cards ? " Ho: "It was the only thing left I had to lose." SPEAKER: "My fellow-citizens, I am speaking for the benefit of posterity." Voice from the Audience: "And if you don't finish soon they'll be here."

MOTHER (drilling Teddy for his first party) : "And now, darling, what is a greedy boy?" Teddy: "A boy who wants everything I want." MISTRESS (writing a letter for one of the ser- vants who was unable to write) : "Anything more, Mary ? " Mary: "Oh, please say excuse any mistakes." "JANE," said a man looking for his razor-case, "I have places where I keep my things, and you ought to know all of them." "Yes," she said, "I ought to know where you keep your late hours." LITTLE Boy: "Mamma, the cat has eaten that seed I gave to the canary bird this morn- ing." Mamma: "Cats don't eat bird seed. You must be mistaken." Little Boy "No, ma, it was in the bird."

" WHAT are that young man's intentions?" asked the anxious parent. "Really, father," replied the dutiful daughter, "I cannot say. I confess that when he calls I am often in the dark." THE builder of a church, on returning thanks for the toast of his health, which had been proposed, remarked: "I fancy I am more fitted for the scaffold than for public speaking." MAGISTRATE "If you were there for no dis- honest purpose why were you in your stockinged feet?" Burglar: "I heard there was sickness in the family, your worship." ".Tins dog, madame, would be cheap at one hundred pounds." "I would take him, but I .am afraid my husband might object." "Madame, you can get another husband much easier than a dog like that." GEORGE : "Now that we are engaged, dearest, may I have just one kiss before your mother returns ? " Dearest: "Well —remember, just one, 'George; but mamma won't return for two hours."

"Wily did you leave your last place?" asked the woman who was engaging a servant. • "Why did your last girl leave you?" was the prompt retort.

"How lucky for poor Dick's children that his relatives are all so wealthy!" "Why what have they done for them ?" "Got 'em all into orphan asylums." _ _

"So she rejected you did she?" Your proposal did't please her?" "Well, I can hardly say it didn't please her. I thought she'd never stop laughing." "WHAT is a synonym?" asked a teacher. "Please sir," said a lad, "it's a word you can use in place of another if you don't know how to spell the other one."

PENELOPE—" I her. that you became engaged to him the second time you saw him." Marie— " Yes ; but I assure you that I was not to blame for the delay." "Win' are Irishmen always laying bare the wrongs of their country ? " asked someone in the House. "Because they want them redressed," thundered Major O'Gorman. " TnAT mob scene was handled with splendid effect," said the critic. "Oh yes," replied the manager. "You see, we hire the villain's creditors to go on in that scene."

'Mum MORE So.—Mrs. Von Blumer : "I don't think there is anything worse than to ask one's husband for money, do you ?" Mrs. Witherby : "Oh, yes, there is. To have him refuse it." "Mv memory is getting bad." "Is that so." "Yes. When a man acts friendly with me I'm scared to death. I can't remember whether I owe him money or lie owes me." "A PILGRIM," said a boy at an examination is a man who travels from place to place." "I do that," said the inspector, "am I a pilgrim?" The answer came, "No sir; a pilgrim is a good man. CLARA : "My friend Mr. Spooner, who caught a, glimpse of you. yesterday said he would give any- thing to kiss you. Shall I bring him round to- night ?" Maud: "No, send him round." "WHAT did the poor man say when he was uccused of taking the cattle?" inquired the tourist. "Time right thing, stranger," responded Amber Pete. "What was it?" "I'll be hanged." CITY MAN (angrily) : "Look here! You war- ranted this horse to be entirely without faults, and now I find that he is blind ! ' Horse Dealer (cheerily) : "Wa-al, blindness ain't a fault; it's an affliction."

Mits. BECKY: "Dear, oh, dear! my cold's getting worse and worse. I'm getting so I can't talk. I wonder what I'd better do ? " Mr. Becky (absently) : "For goodness' sake, don't do any- thing." "The trouble with this tooth," said the dentist probing it with a long, slender instrument ; "is that the nerve is dying." "It seems to me, doctor," groaned the victim, "you ought to treat the dying with a little more respect." His OBJECT. —Mrs. Von Blumer : "lam getting so I care less and less for people in the aggregate. That afternoon tea was a great bore." Mr. Von Blumer ; "Then what did you go for ?" Mrs. Von Blumer : " I wanted to see who was there."

"I'VE called to tell you, sir, that the photo- graphs you took of us the other day are not at all satisfactory. Why, my husband looks like an ape." "Well, madam, you should have thought of that before you had him taken."

" Ir-you eat any more of that pudding, Tommy, you will see the bogie man to-night." Tommy (after a moment's thought) : "Well, give me some more. I might as well settle my mind about the truth of the story once for all." GRANDPAR : "Don't be afraid, Willie ; the tiger is about to be fed. That's what makes him, jump and roar so." Willie (easily) : "Oh, I ain't afraid of him, grandpa; papa's the same when his meals ain't ready."

SUE: What is the correct translation of the motto of that lovely ring you gave me ?" He: " 'Faithful to the last." ' She :-"'The last !' How horrid! And you've always told me before that I was the very first!"

HIS MAJESTY'S NATURAL HISTORY.—" A man with a bill !" announced the Court chamberlain. The kin,' was startled. "He must be a bird rs exclaimed his majesty, thinking of the rigorous measures he had taken to prevent creditors approaching the royal person.

- A SOLID RECEIPT. —First VeteranAotor : "Well, how goes it? (404 engagement, 1 suppose—good pay ? ' Second Veteran Actor. "Well, old friend, you know how these things are. Salary, properly speaking, I don't get, but- I eat the whole of an enormous beefsteak in the second act."

MISTRESS: "Get dinner to-day on the gasoline stove, Jane." .Jane: "Please, ma'm, I tried yesterday, but the stove went out." Mistress: "Try again, then." Jane: "Yes, ma'm ; but it's not conic back yet. It went out through the roof."

A HIGH Church stranger, calling at a village church early one inorning, inquired: "Have you Matins in this church ?" " Oh, no, sir," said the rustic verger, "oilcloth right up to the chancel." _ . .

"ARE there any marks by which he can be identified?" asked the police superintendent pre- paratory to telegraphing. "No,' said the father of the boy who liad rim away from home to fight Indians, " but there will be when I get hold of him again." AN HElnLoom.—Brace "Among my dearest treasures is the watch' my father carried when he was a young man." Bagley : "Would you mind letting me see it ?" Brace: " Certainly not, but it is temporarily in the possession of my_er— father's brother." _

TIME.—" Can you tell me what time it is, my boy?" said a gentleman to an urchin he met in a country lane. "Twelve o'clock, sir." " H'm, said the Stranger, "I should have thought it was more than that." "It never is more than that here, sir," replied the child. "It always begins again at one.' A COUNCII.T.OR in a Midland town, acting as chairman at an entertainment, announced: "ow we shall have recited to us that soul-stirring piece, The leg end of Horatius.' " The same councillor had occasion to cross the Channel; the passage was stormy. In giving his experience to a friend, he declared : "I did feel thankful when once more I got my feet on •,erra cotta."

===== 0002601_19041022_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
Boxes 1/1i tham & S

M. Bee

.411Zeakt, - (r• /„.0 - -t-- - , • • -14117.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
of all Chemists. on, Chemists, Cheltensav

RUBBER HEEL PAD A. reAl goori acts, Article Every Pair Guarauteeti• Ladies' 41d., Gents.' 60., Per Pall'. Pa3tage Free. Qiqta,t irl Um* Qu3ntitte%. Laurie & Manual, Ltd,. Rubber Heel Spe,thtli,

===== 0002601_19041022_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENTS OF THE WEEK.

DUKE OF CONNAIIGIFT IN A MOTOR SMASH.

The Duke of Connaught has had a narrow •escape from death in a. motor car accident which happened whilst His Royal Highness was travelling from Edinburgh to Gosford House, in East Lothian. It appears His Royal Highness had been making an inspec- tion of the garrisons in Scotland in his capacity of Inspector-General of the Forces, and he was on his way to join the Duchess and the Princesses of Connaught at Gosford House, East Lothian, the seat of the Earl of Wemyss, when the accident happened. He was attended by Major Murray, his aide-de-camp, and accompanied by Captain McLaren, aide-de-camp to General Sir Charles Tucker, Commander of the Forces in Scot-

1 ~.., -1(. . _ .• „..,.. ...... , ..„....___.... kh. --,.„.„..,. 44,7-----• . • ;, • ~.e_ ..._,_ , ...,........_„...„,.............,,..„........_-_.,,„.: -, ~ \ \ '......' . s'----------6 -• e 1.2- t- --

===== 0002601_19041022_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
'TEE DUKE OF CONNAUGHT.

land. Including the chauffeur (Mr. Hendry, manager of the Scottish Automobile Club), there were four occupants of the car, which was followed by another containing members of His Royal Highness's suite. The road is a broad one with a fine , surface, and ad- mirably adapted for motoring. All went well with the party till they had reached a point between Piershill Cavalry Barracks and the suburban seaside resort of Portobello. Here a large country cart suddenly loomed up in the darkness. The Duke's motor had just swung past one of the tram cars which run between Edinburgh and Portobello, and the chauffeur had no time to pull up. The motor was going at a moderate speed at the time. The cart had no lights and furthermore was loaded with wood, which projected over the One side of the car dashed into the cart and was torn away. It Ivas the side on which the Duke of Connaught was sitting, and His Royal Highness was thrown into the road, where he was picked up bleeding and insensible. Fortunately, the second car soon made its .appearance and the Duke was taken back to Edinburgh with all possible speed. During the short ride his Royal Highness rallied somewhat, and was able to walk from the car across the broad pavement into the hotel. - Here he was attended to by Professor Annandale and Sir John Chiene, and is now progressing satisfactorily.

sides.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR IN THE :FAR EAST.

After the usual period of waiting and recuperation, to which the onlookers of the West have become quite accustomed, another battle has been fought in the Far East, and it has been the most important of the war. At the beginning of the .week the news began to filter through that General Kuro- patkin had suddenly made a complete change in his plans and had assumed the offensive, acting presumably under orders from St. Petersburg with a view to relieving Port Arthur. Later on this unexpected advance to the attack was confirmed, and the Treatest battle of the war took place round "Yentai, resulting in one gigantic Russian ,defeat An along the line. The Tsar's order had been to fight to the last man, which snakes the moral effect of the defeat all the -worse. Indeed, it was a crushing blow to Russia's prestige and her military strength. Kuropatkin's plan appears to have been to turn the Japanese right and overwhdlin Kuroki's army while he held Oyama, No.;lzu, .and Oku in check, but the result has been ,the reverse, as the Russian left has been lutflanked by -Kuroki. It was a masterly

MARSHAL OYAMA. GENERAL OKLI GENERAL KUROKI

stroke of strategy on Oyama's part, and places the whole of she Russian army in a very unpleasant and somewhat ludicrous predicament. The Japanese left and central armies in their turn worked their way across the Shaho River and pressed the enemy towards the Hunho River while they were trying to retreat to Mu&den by the Fushan road. The losses have undoubtedly been enormous, though not so much so; it would appear, on the Japanese side. The Russians are reported to have had 80,000 men killed and wounded, and it is certain that, taking both sides together, over too,ooo men have been put out of action: In addition, the Russians have lost a hundred guns in their retreat. This engagement promises to rank as the biggest battle of modern times, and it is hoped in diplomatic circles that it may have more far-reaching effects than appear on the surface. Mean- while, the ,fight round Port Arthur goes On with great keenness on both sides, and constant bombardment is reported, but the fall of the fortress appears no nearer.

\......,.. . ' fr....,--4, - ( • , -.• i - .--,-suw .4 • - ' ---,---.. • ' \ ~ _ \ .0"-." 4.0.44,, 'lir nii.. , -I ) 1 .4. )tik _ .. , , • ....753 . Ll•--'-••••=-=___----- ' ' '9)' ' \\:""---- - .1_ ..."-:."-":"-----s. _ 4

===== 0002601_19041022_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BONMARTINI TRIAL.

Italy is at the moment giving its whole attention to the sensational Bonmartini trial, and the details of this extraordinary case have been taken up by• the press of th , _ _ whole world, giving it ig seldom attached

Further, the de- cision of Signor

Enrico Ferri: the world - famed

jurist and au-

thoritv

criminology, to

appear for the

defence and to

plead that the

Prisoners should

he treated as

mental patients

criminals adds a peculiar interest

in the case, and

if his plea holds good it will have THE ALLEGED MURDER IN a world-wide ITALY-COUNTESS BONMAR- effect upon a TINI, ONE OF THE ACCUSED. certain class of murder trials, especially 'on the Continent. In this country, too, the subject of hereditary influences upon crime has of late come greatly to the front. The Principal defendant is the Countess Theodolin- da Bonmartini, who stands arraigned upon the charge of having murdered her husband, and with her are joined her lover, Dr. Secchi, her brother, Tullio Murri, a barrister, Dr. Pio Naldi, who is said to have been suborned to strike the actual blow, and one or two Minor conspirators. The married life of the Count and Countess Bonmartini was a most unhappy one, and after two estrangements a Plot, according to the police, was hatched to Put the Count out of the way. He was found dead in his bedroom one morning, inurdered it seemed by a woman who had visited him there during the night, and this /441iMawacgauaLinly _accepted until tho

gh ol e •of Italy was suddenly convulsea by tae denouncement of Tulip Murri by his father, Professor Murri, of Bologna. The police then took up the case afresh with the result that they have collected an immense mass of evidence and over four hundred witnesses. •

.e an importance which to a criminal trial. • 1"..,! t ' 1< • X

===== 0002601_19041022_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF THE KING; OF SAXONY.

The death of the King of Saxony followed hard upon his appointment of his son to the regency, as it was only last week that he handed over the reins of government owing to ill health. On Saturday morning he died of heart failure at Pilluitz Castle, near Dresden, where he was born seventy-three years ago. It would be idle to deny that he was popular amongst his own people, as he was far too autocratic: and their estimate of him is summed 'up in their nickname of the "Economical King." Re- cently, when a new Court Theatre was required at Dresden to preserve the traditions of three hundred yea's, the late King was unwilling to bear the expense of it and, as a compromise, arranged to borrow the money from Herr Lingner, the millionaire dentifrice manufacturer, at nominal interest. The Government, however, intervened and can- celled the undignified loan. The late King George's chief claim to fame rests on his exploits as a cavalry leader in the war between Austria and Prussia and the Franco-

THE LATE KING. HIS SUCCESSOR. German war. The Crown Prince, now King Frederick Augustus 111., is on the other hand, universally popular; and great sympathy has been expressed for him in his late matrimonial troubles. Two years ago, it will be remembered, the Crown Princess Louise eloped with M. Giron, causing a public scan- dal throughout Europe. At the kite King's command the Crown•'Prince divorced her in Dresden; but it is commonly reported that he is still in love with her and is anxious to re-marry her, blaming her surroundings at the tiaxon Court rather than herself. That, how- ever, is now hardly probable. The new King is thirty-nine years of age and was married thirteen years ago:

===== 0002601_19041022_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR JOHN COCKBURN.

Death always keeps politics simmering, and it is seldom that the country is not in- terested in some bye-election or other. At present there is more than one on the political tapis, but the one which is arousing the most interest is the West Monmouth vacancy. This is so for two reasons -,- one the importance attaching to the late representa- tive, Sir William Harcourt, and the other the interest sur- rounding the candidate with whom the Tariff Reformers are attacking this stronghold of Liberalism. Al- though new to politics in this country, Sir ,John Cockburn is an old hand .at the game, and has in his time been a Premier, though still comparatively a young man. In himself he is a striking personality .and a strong candidate of rather unor- thodox views so far as actual party ques- tions are concerned. His principal hobby is the question of Old Age -Pensions, which he has seen established around him in Australia and New Zealand, and his pet aversion in politics is the Deceased Wife's Sisters' Bill, which raises the question of the legitimacy of so many Colonials in the Mother Country, though acknowledged by the law of their own land. Like most Colonials, he is unfettered by the usual conventions of politics, and his debut under our British system is therefore being watched with con- siderable interest by both rivals and sup- porters. Born at CroSbie, near Duns in 'Scotland, fifty-four years ago Sir Johp Cock- burn was educated in London and took the degree of Doctor of Medicine at the London University, gaining the, gold medal of his year. But a roving instinct sent him abroad, and he soon entered the sphere of politics in South Australia. In the course of eighteen years he held all the principal offices in that colony, rising in due course to the Premiership. Then he returned home to represent South Australia in England as Agent for the Colony. Since he resigned the post three years ago his desire has been to enter politics in this country, and this week he takes the first step in the West Mon- mouth contest.

TEE CONSERVATIVE CANDI- DATE FOR WEST MONMOUTH.

,) , 1— ~ (ye!' - „ 410 ,// Irr" t

===== 0002601_19041022_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
RUMOURED RETIREMENT OF LORD MILNER.

Considerable excitement was occasioned in London last week by the announcement that Lord Milner was about to retire, and eventually the Colonial Office was drawn into an official denial. However, neither the rumour nor the denial threw much light upon the situation, and the publication of the re- tirement as an actual fact may be ascribed to journalistic keenness. It has for a long time been an open secret that Lord Miler will not stay in S longer than is

LORD MILER.

absolutely necessary. He is in himself not a particularly strong man physically, and the strain of the last five or six years would have been enough to break the health of the most robust man in the world. On the other hand, Lord Milne' will not quit his post until the time is ripe for him to leave and he feels that his work has been brought to such a success- ful point that he can hand it over with a dear conscience to his successor. He is too thorough and conscientious a man to wish to shirk anything even at the expense of his own health: and the public may be certain that nothing short of a breakdown will bring him home again before he has. arrived at the proper point of pacification in South Africa. It IS generally stated that he will remain until he has established self-government. but • it is more likely that the institu- tion of a new constitution will fall to the lot of his successor. Probably the return of Lord Milner will not be long delayed now: but that is all that can be said at present. Lord Balfour of Burleigh, Sir Edward Ward, and Sir Arthur Law/ey are all mentioned pa jikely 4iwmainikltheit tian MRCS

, 7.....thAfrica .:, ItC4 1. , i X-. /I - _• • - ' :- / 7 ,'-'":-.!.-;•- 1 ?''', ' . - • ' _-:•!..... -:\ i !,..., . ,/,• \ ~,, 1 \•?,,,:;„, ' , -.,, di7 ' '''• • ' ' k‘ /' // _ ~. "' • ' • ' ' . - . '.• -- s\N ~..:, __ , ...,. '''// \ •.,-.,\:,,, , NA/of,, , A ' '1,1" . "N.. . N

===== 0002601_19041022_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

FOOTBALLBRS will be glad to know that. the world famed manufacturers, Gro. G. BUSSET k CO., of London: turn out Balls, which for quality, uniformity, and durability ,are unique. These balls will be distinguished by the appear- ance thereon of their well-kn Own trade mark. Ask the local eiports Dealer for G. G. B. & Co.'. Price List. If not pro-. curable, apply to 36 & 38 Queen Victoria at.. London. Factory —Peoaham, 8.8. (63).

===== 0002601_19041022_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES (A) v. SWINTON (A).

At Widnes. In the first hilf, Cox scored for Swinton and Barber for Widnes, both goal kicks failing. In the second portion, Greenwood notcned for Swinton as the result of a bout of passing. After Bennett had kicked a penalty goal, Cockram obtained a try, and later the same player added two more points. Barber aug- mented another try. Final :—Widnes (A), 2 goals 3 tries ; Swinton (A), 2 tries.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION.

NORTHERN LEAGUE.

First Division.

OLDHA.NI v. WARRINGTON.

• The first meeting of the season between Oldham and Warrington took place at Watersheddings on Saturday. Warrington were short of Hallam and Harris, for whom Knight and Short played, while Oldham had to substi- tute Tyson for S. Lees at c‘ntre.The weather was bright and tracing, and under the circumstances it was rather surprising to find not more than 5,000 spectators assembled to welcome the .usually popular Warringtonians. Per- haps the severe defeat of the Oldham team at Salford the week before had discouraged their somewhat fickle supporters. Warrington were accompanied by about 200 enthusiasts per special train from the Central. Mr. J. Smith (Widnes) was the referee and the teams lined out as follows :

Warrington—Knight, full back ; Fish, Isherwood., Dickenson, and Short, threequarters ; Davies and Hocken- , hall, half-hacks; Preston, Boardman, Thomas, Belton, Shugars, Cook, Jolley, and Naylor, forwards. ; Oldham—R. L. Thomas, full back; Spottiswoode, Civil, Tyson and Cash, threequarters ; A. Lees and Lawton, halves; Vowles, Frater, Ferguson, Owens, Wilkinson. Kelly, Ellis, and D. Thomas, forwards. Oldham won the toss and Dickenson set the ball in motion against a strong breeze which blew from end to i end. The opening stages were uneventful and play settled at centre after good punting by R. L. Thomas. Here A. Lees made a mark and Ferguson took a shot at goal from the half-way line. Aided by the breeze the ball sailed high over the bar, and Oldham were two points up. Play livened up and Lawton broke cleverly away from the scrum only to be grassed by Thomas near the quarter. Warrington were soon under the ban of the referee and Ferguson took an easy penalty kick but was wide of the mark. Smart punting by D. Davies changed the venue, and then Oldham came back strongly Short only just securing the ball near the line after a race with Tyson. Dickenson broke up the passing of , the attackers and found touch neatly near centre. War- rington continued to have the worst of matters for a time but easily kept Oldham at bay. The forwards played strongly and gradually gained ground. Hocken- hall and Fish combined in a speedy dribble and R. L. Thomas was exceedingly lucky to stop the ball with his legs when the line appeared at Warrington's mercy. The visitors now shewed their quality in some fine combination, and Fish made a great effort, only Thomas's fine tackling saving a try a yard from the line. With high pressure still being main- tained Warrington were penalised—a fate that befel them repeatedly at crucial moments. Knight mulled the rival full-back's kick, and Oldham got to centre again. Lawton was conspicuous and gave Spottiswoode a good pass, the latter doubling inside and falling a victim to the ever-reliable Isherwood. Warrington were holding an adyantage forward, and frequently drove the home team into their own quarters. Oldham became very dangerous again through Lawton,Cash and Fergus- son who carried play right to the line. Civil next received and dashed for the line, only to be hurt by Isherwood in a vigorous tackle. He was dazed for some moments, but before Warrington could clear he received another pass and ran in splendidly near the posts,Fergu- son failing at goal. Half-time came a moment later with Oldham leading by 5 points to nil. On resuming, Civil was absent for ten minutes Ferguson going back, and Thomas coming into the centre. Warrington soon showed aggressive tactics,and beautiful passing ended in Fish being thrown in touch. Civil resumed with play at midfield, and Oldham at once got the upper hand. Spottiswoode evaded Fish and then raced past Knight to score at the corner, thus putting Warrington 8 points in arrear. A moment later he again got away, but this time Knight was safe and the right-winger landed in touch somewhat heavily. This was Oldham's last attack,for Warrington displayed fine form and carried play right to the line, Fish failing by a yard to get over. A tremendous assault on the home line followed, Hockenhall dodging in under the posts only to lose the ball on the verge of the line—very hard luck. In all departments Warrington were now showing superiority and Board- man got over in a rush, the try being disallowed amid groans from the Warrington supporters. Still the visitors pegged away though Boardman had retired with a damaged hand. Dickenson received from Hockenhall and threw wide to Fish, who romped over brilliantly, but failed at goal. There were still five minutes, and Hockenhall electrified the crowd with a beautiful effort which carried him over near the goal. Two points only required for a draw! Fish placed the ball carefully but .iaiissed a simple shot, and Oldham had won by 8 points to 6. They were a lucky side, and Warrington received general sympathy. Five minutes more would prob- ably have turned the scale.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN v. WAKEFIELD TRINITY.

Played at Runcorn, before 2,000 spectators. Moran turned out for Runcorn. The Runcorn men proved the cleverer team in the loose, and tries were scored by Butterworth and Price, the latter kicking two goals. ttesult—Runcorn, 2 goals 2 tries; Wakefield, nil.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
SWINTON v. WIDNES.

Played at Swinton, before 2,000 spectators. Widnes had the best of matters in the first half, and Tilley placed a penalty goal. On resuming, Swinton made the pace, and tries were registered by Gartrill and Wallwork but neither of these were improved upon. M'Cabe of Widnes, was ordered off for rough play. Result— Swinton 2' tries; Widnes 1 goal.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS V. HUNSLET.

Played at St. Helens. In the first half play was very animated, and Traynor scored for St. Helens; while Smith scored for Hunslet, no goal being kicked. There was a keen struggle in the second half. Jackson got over for Hunslet, no goal being kicked. Smith added another try. Result—Hunslet, 3 tries; St. Helens, one try.

No Breakfast Table complete without

===== 0002601_19041022_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
EPPS'S

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

COO • A

The Most Nutritious and Economical.

BROUGHTON RANGERS r. HULL

At Broughton, in fine weather, before 7,000 people. With the wind in their favour. Broughton attacked strongly, and in the first half Harry Wilson and Hogg twice scored. Harris also kicked a goal. On resuming play was of a more even character. Hogg nearly got over for the Rangers, and Thompson for Hull. Result: Broughton Rangers, 1 goal 4 tries (14 points) ; nil.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
BRADFORD v. HALIFAX.

At Park-avenue, Bradford, before 12,000 spectators. The start was delayed 15 minutes. The game was barely ten minutes old when Dunbavin scored an unimproved try. From a mark Little kicked a goal, and play con- tinued even to half-time. On resuming, Eagers scored a fine try, Mosby failing. Little kicked a goal from a penalty. The game became rough, and in the closing stages Bradford pressed, but could not score. Result : Bradford, 2 tries (6 points); Halifax, 2 goals (4 paints).

===== 0002601_19041022_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
LEEDS v. LEIGH.

Played at Headingley, before 8,000 spectators. In the opening half Leeds were the only scorers, Stead going over, and Littlewood kicking a goal. Half- time —Leeds, 5 points; Leigh, nil. Afterwards Tho mas, Ward and Llewellyn scored tries, from two of which goals were added. A Leigh player was ordered off. Result—Leeds, 18 points; Leigh, nil.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
WIGAN v. SALFORD.

At Central Park, Wigan, before 14,000 spectators. Play opened in a sensational manner, Allan scoring from a long pass by Lomas. The goal kick failed. Wigan then attacked, but passed badly. Hector and Lomas made unsuccessful attempts et goal. Lytham eventually scored, Mason failing. Lomas kick ed a penalty goal. Parry added a try, the kick failing. R esult—Salford, 8 points: Wigan, 3 points. HULL KINGSTON ROVERS v. BATLEY.

At Hull, before 5,000 spectators. Barry scored twice and Madley converted one try and also kicked a goal from a mark. Batley were baaly beaten, and at half- time the Rovers led by ten points to nil. The second half was rather tame in comparison with the first, Batley being most aggressive. Result—Rovers, 2 goals 2 tries (10 points); Batley, nil.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

WARRINGTON "A" v. OLDHAAI "A."

There was a good attendance at Wilderspool on Saturday to witness this match. As Knight had journeyed to Oldham to take Hallam's place in the first team, Berry appeared for the first time as full-back. Warrington had the best of play in the opening stages and Barnes experienced hard luck in being pulled up twice when a score seemed imminent. Oldham made a rush into the Warrington half, but Berry by a.good run relieved the pressure. The visitors, however, played in determined style and after fine passing Sellars scored at the corner. A good attempt was made at gaol but the ball went just outside. Soon afterwards a mistake by Berry allowed Sellars to again get over somewhat easily. The goal kick was abortive. Oldham were penalized under their own goal-post, and Barnes kicked an easy goal for Warrington. Half-time:—Oldham "A" 6 points, Warrington "A' 2 points. The second half was keenly contested, and Warring- ton assuming the aggressive, Watkins dribbled over and scored near the post from a cross kick by Berry. Barnes kicked a goal. Davies of Warrington, was sent off the field for some informality. Final : Warrington "A" 7 points, Oldham "A" 6 points. SALFORD (A) V. WIGAN (A).

At Salford. Wigan st arted, and at once Sharrocks kicked a penalty goal. The game fluctuated consider- ably, and ultimately Norris equalised. On call of the interval Sharrocks kicked a second goal. In the second half the game was roughly contested, several men being injured, Simm of Wigan, and Harker, of Salford,leaving the field. Ralphs and Harris scored tries for the visitors both of which were agumented by Sharrocks. Final: —Wigan (A), 4 goal 2 tries (14 points) : Salford (A), 1 goal (2 points). ROCHDALE HORNETS v. BROU GHTON RANGERS.

At Rochdale. The Rangers pressed throughout the first half. Bentley obtained two splendid tries and Shaw and Hampson also scored. Hampson dropped a capital goal and Worthington converted two tries. Half-time :--Rangers, 16 points ; Hornets, nil. The Rangers again pressed in the second period, but the only try registered was another hy Bentley. Final : Broughton Rangers,2 goals 5 tries,Rochdale Hornets nil. LEIGH (A) v. CEIADDERTON.

At Leigh, before a good attendance. In the first half each side attacked in turn, Neville and Lees having hard lines for. their respective sides. The interval arrived without any score. Resuming, Leigh pressed, anl Neville scored, Dunbavin improving. Lees then kicked a penalty goal. Afterwards Chadderton fell to pieces, and O'Brien, Smith, and Neville added tries, Dunbavin improving two. Final :—Leigh (A), 18 points; Chadderton, 2 points.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVER CHILL!

And What it Led to.

ANOTHER BILE BEAN TRIUMPH

A chill on the liver is a common ailment at this season, in our terribly trying climate. It may be brought on by getting one's feet wet, by going out insufficiently clad., by living in a damp house, or even by sleeping in a damp bed. However caused, no ailment could be more dangerous. Liver chill is to several most serious ailments what the fuse is to the dynamite charge —a starting point for very serious consequences. Miss Fanny Elizabeth Adlam, of New-street, Winter- bourne, Stoke, sustained a chill on the liver, and it brought on several serious complications. She says : "I lost all my colour, I became weak and listless and could take no interest in anything. I consulted a doctor, who having examined me, said I was suffering from a chill on the liver. He prescribed for me, bat his medicines did not do me a bit of good. "I then went to Salisbury Infirmary, where I was treated as an out-patient, but though I attended for nearly three months, I got no better and almost gave up hope of ever being well again. The pains I suffered in my head were dreadful, and to eat was torture because of indigestion. If I even stooped down I felt sick, and my head felt as if it would split open. For months I was like this, and at last had to take to my bed. The neighbours all said I was 'going home,' and I certainly looked like it. _ _

"I tried almost everything I heard 'of but all to no Purpose, till one day a friend of mine sent me a box of Charles Forde's Bile Beans. I began to take them, and soon perceived an improvement in my condition. My colour returned, and I began to enjoy my food—some- thing I hadnot done for two years. My breathing got better, and, in fact, I felt stronger altogether. I con- tinued with the Bile Beans, and they have completely cured me. lam 'fully convinced that I should not Ma alive now but for Bile Beans, and I shall never cease to recommend them to all with whom I come in contact. They saved my life." Bile Beans are acertain cure for indigestion, debility, biliousness, constipation, piles, nervousness, antemia, female ailments, weakness colds, chills, neuralgia, rheumatism, pains in the back, sleeplessness, loss of appetite, liver complaint, headache, flatulence, pimples, and skin eruptions. Of all chemists, or post free from the Bile Bean Co., Red Cross-street, London, E.C., for Is. lid. or 2s. 9d. per box (2s. 9d. box contains three times is. 1?„d. size). Bile Beans are sold only in boxes, never loose.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

SOUTH MANCHESTER v. STOCKTON HEATH.

This match was played 3.t South Manchester. Stockton Heath made two changes in the team which was de- feated by Huyton, H. Kirkconnel going centre forward, and Eric Fairclotth playing centre half. The game was very fast, and Stockton Heath were soon attacking, Richardson finishing a good movement by scoring from close quarters. For a long time give-and-take play was the order. At length Bond beat all opposition only to miss the ball when taking his final shot. For the rest of this half things were very level, but Stockton managed to obtain a second goal, Bond scoring from a difficult position. Half-time: Stockton Heath, two: South Manchester, nil. From the restart, the Stockton halves were kept busy, and aftertwo unsuccessful shots at goal, Le Roy scored with a shot that just dropped underneath the cross bar. Following a good hit by L. Fairclough, the Stockton forwards got going again, and W. Richardson and H. Kirkconnel both scored before the end. Final: Stockton Heath, four; South Man- chester, one.

STOCKTON HEATH 2ND v. SOUTH MANCHESTER 2ND..

This match was played at Gr9.ppenhall-road, and ended in a win for the home side by 1-0.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Fels-Naptha

Moneyback goes with thrift.

Fels-Naptha : no copper fire; no boiling; half rubbing; half damage to clothes; half mending; two or three times the money and comfort, so far as clothes are concerned.

Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson street London E C

===== 0002601_19041022_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
(Corwright.)

===== 0002601_19041022_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
fHE ONE HOPE.

BY RAILTON WEST,

Luthor of "The Marquis's Double," "Muriel's Marriage," "Cleverly Tracked," "A Daring Scheme," "Worth Her Weight in Gold," &c.

A man and a girl were slowly pacing up and down a shady avenue, too intent on what appeared to be a discussion of importance to heed the rain- drops pattering through the thick foliage overhead. "After six years of waiting," the girl was saying, "to give him up just when he has come over hoping to be married in a few weeks' time. It seems so horribly mean, Denis; I can't do it. If only he were still in Africa it would not be so bad, but, as it is--" "Our two lives must be sacrificed," the young fellow put in quickly. "I wish you did not care so much and I could bear all the pain," she said with a sigh. "Oh, he must have comet" her tone changing to one of consternation as she caught sight, through a gap in the trees, of a dog-cart being driven rapidly away from the front door. Denis Calvert caught her two hands in his.

I "Then make my excuses to your mother, dear, I and I will make my escape by the side gate. I can't face Atherton yet. Amabel, promise me if there is the least chance of your being released that you will not let any false sentiment stand in the , way of our happiness." "How can you ask ? " she answered, reproach- fully. "You know well enough how hard it is for me to go through with this. He wrung her hands in silence, sprang over the low hedge separating the end of the avenue from the field beyond, and was gone before she realised what the parting meant. A moment later she was summoned to meet Lucas Atherton, the man who had just arrived from Natal to make her his wife. Sixteen when she first 'met him, seventeen the day he had persuaded her mother to allow the engage- ment between them. His prospects were good when he had bade her farewell some weeks after, but things had not turned out as he expected. Year after year had passed and Amabel Wyngtte was Amabel Wyngate still, with but little probability of soon changing her name. Prudent relatives shook their beads and said Mrs. Wyngate was mad to have allowed the engagement, but Amabel, an only child, had never been thwarted by her sunny- tempered, easy-going, widowed mother. "She will have all the money at my death, and I can afford to make her an allowance until then, so why should not the child marry a poor man if she loves him," was all the reply that could ever be extracted from Mrs. Wyngate by the friends who ventured to remonstrate.

"If she loves him." That was the problem Amabel had felt unable to solve to her satisfaction when, eighteen months ago, her lover had paid a flying visit to England. Two days together, then a wire came summoning him back in hot haste, his partner being dangerously ill. But short as had been the stay it was long enough to have aroused a feeling of uneasiness in the girl's mind. Could the good-natured but rough-mannered man be really the Lucas Atherton her girlish fancy had invested with qualities which he, plain-spoken, honed, straightforward fellow would never have dreamt of applying to himself. Had he been longer with her he would quickly have discovered the change in her feelings and released her from her promise. As it was he left, never doubting but that, like himself, her great desire was to put a speedy end to the weary time of waiting. And now the end had come, and they met, he all eager- ness, all impatience to call her his own; she with the knowledge she no longer loved him. "My little girl, if you knew what this means to me," he whispered, when the first greetings were over, not noticing in the joy of holding her once more in his arms how she shrank from his caresses. "Why, my pet, your dress is quite wet, and your hair too," stroking it with reverent touch. "What have you been doing to yourself?" • If I told him "Saying a last good-bye to his friend Denis, the man I love," what would he say? she thought, and turned off the question with a laughing rejoinder of having been under the trees which were so thick she had not noticed the rain.

"Sure proof you need someone to look after you, little girl." The term of endearment she had thought so sweet at seventeen jarred upon her now. "Well, as I said in my last letter, that can be as soon as ever you like. lam not due for another nine weeks, so the plan I thought of was this— working backwards, three weeks for the voyage, three weeks honeymooning, three weeks for getting clothes and things. •How does that division strike you, eh ? " She shivered involuntarily. "I could not possibly be ready in three weeks, but if we made the voyage the honeymoon you would still be there to date, Luc."

"How good it is to hear the old name from your dear lips," he exclaimed, rapturously. "Of course, my feeling is the sooner we are married the better. But you must arrange what suits you best, darling. BY the way, vhat is your mother going to do? She will miss you awfully. I declare I feel a perfect brute taking You away; but we must per- suade her to come out soon on a long visit, for the voyage is really nothing. I would say come back with us, but after being separated all these years to be quite by our two selves will be such happi- ness. Amy, I believe you have caught a chill running about in the rain, you careless little puss, you are trembling all over. "Nonsense," she retorted, lightly. "It has turned colder to-day, and you know I always did feel the cold. But about mother. I am afraid she will miss me, though she is very good about it, and says now that my cousin, Frances Batchelor, has agreed to take my place she shall be perfectly happy." "Ah, yes, Frances Batchelor. Yea have often mentioned her in your letters. You and she are great chums, are you not? I'd say ask her, too, for as long as she liked to stay, but though I've worked my hardest I'm far from a rich man yet. I wish to goodness, for your sake, that I was better off."

"Don't worry about that. I really don't mind in the least," she answered, thankful to be able to say with perfect truth something to please him. He drew her to him, calling her his brave, loyal little girl; praising her for her faith in him, her constancy, till she could have cried from the strain of hiding what it cost her to listen to the words of love.

"By the way," he said, at length. "Do you ever see anything of my old chum, Denis Calvert? You have not mentioned him in any of your letters lately." She nerved herself to answer unconcernedly, and to her relief he found soon after that he must leave to catch the train which would take him on to his father's house some miles away.

"The poor old man will have been expecting me ages ago, he said. "But 1 felt I must see you before anyone else. Let me have one good look at you, Amy, to make sure it is not a dream this time. Often when I have been resting, tired out with a long day's work, I have shut my eyes and fancied you were before me. I seemed to see you so clearly; your grey eyes, pretty oval face, with its soft colour, and lovely sunny-tinted hair. But all the dreaming does not come up to the reality, sweetheart. The dad always has cut up rough about me, you know, and never cared for me as he did for my brother Matt. Poor chap, I used to think what a pity it was that he, the clever one, was killed in that accident, and I, with not half his brains, escaped. But since you love me I am thankful I did escape. It has been hard to bear the governor's harsh words and taunts at my non- success, yet with you to work for nothing has been a hardship. Your love has been .my one hope through all these six years, darling, my one hope. And with those words ringing in her ears Amabel was left alone.

He would be back the next day, he told her, but for the present she was free, free to try and reason down the fierce revolt that had seized upon her. She must get away from the house. Any moment her mother might come in, anxious to hear what Luc proposed doing—if the wedding-day was fixed, and which day she would have to sail. Snatching up a cloak, for it was still raining heavily, she fled to the further end of the garden and took refuge in a:tutnble-down summer-house never used by anyone but herself or her cousin Frances, and it was here some time after that Frances found her, sobbing her heart out, cold, wet and miserable. "Let me be, France. I dare not see mother yet. She would guess something is the matter, and be hurt if I could not explain." "Aunt is in the drawing-room with old Miss Calvert," returned her. cousin. "The old dame always stays a good hour while her fat horses have a rest in the stables, so you are safe for that time at least. Besides. von can't stay out here in the

, - and aant quite sure you ought not to let things gt 'al an instant longer than you can help, so tht looner we talk matters over the better. lam more experienced than you, and may find a way out of ;hedifflculty."

Too wretched to resist Amabel allowed herself tc 3e carried off.

i "I suppose this all came about while I was in Switzerland this winter ? " Frances began when she had administered to her cousin's creature comforts, snd been told in despairing tones that it certainly . would' be a relief to discuss the case in point. I "Before that. I found out I did not care for Luc as I used to do that time he was over for mm :•,ouple of days, but it was not until I met Denis that--"

i "You found out you loved someone else," put in Miss Bachelor, drily. "Why did not you write to Luc and tell him so ? "

"Because until last week, the day we were both nearly drowned on the river, I had no idea Denis Isared for me. He would not let me suspect, for nothing would induce him to be disloyal to Luc, but when that boat upset and he feared he could not Salle me, the words slipped out almost without his knowing. I could not say I did not love him. He risked his life for mine, France. But for him I should suit be here now."

"Yes, I know," replied the other, with a shudder. "He has behaved nobly in every way, for it's harder for a man to suffer in silence, week after week, than do a gallant deed on the spur of the moment. You must put him out of the ques- tion, tlitugh, just at present, and think of what is to be done about Luc."

"There is only one thing to be done : I must marry him." "And spoil three lives ? " "What else can I do? He says that my love has been the one hope that has carried him through these six years of hardships. His great regret ii that he has not been atle even yet to provide a home worthy of me, and that I shall have to what he calls rough it a bit.' Denis is rich, so if I break off the engagement, now what can Luc think but that I have thrown him over for the sake of the position Denis offers me? He will say directly: You never found out you did not care for me till a man well off came across your path.' I had not met Denis when Luc was over here last, you see. If it were not for the money it would be easier, but as it is, what will everyone think of me ? " Miss Batchelor suppressed the reply that rose to her lips: "The world will say you have acted wisely.' Amabel had led a peaceful, sheltered life, and was not well acquainted with the world and its ways. Frances, early thrown on her own resources, was old for her twenty-seven years. "You will say," Amabel went on; "that I ought to have written whether Denis had spoken or not, but Luc was so fond of me and I thought I might make him" happy even if I. were not happy myself." "A fallacy, my dear. A man soon finds out if a woman has ceased to care, and then—Heaven help them both! You are undoubtedly in a most uncomfortable position between your two lovers. Still, my advice is—tell Luc the plain truth. He will be terribly cut up, poor fellow, but better the bitter awakening now than later on when you are bound together for life." There was silence for a minute, then Amabel said: "What about mother? She does not 'suspect anything is. wrong, I am sure."

"Aunt will be torn asunder between sorrow for Luc and joy at keeping you near her • but when the first surprise is over, joy will win the day." "I can't feel yet that it would be the right thing to do," sighed the girl, wearily. "It seems so mean."

Frances talked to her long and earnestly until she made her promise that at any rate Luc should be told the main facts of the case. Then, if he still held her to her word---. "But he won't, or I am very much mistaken in my man," Miss Batchelor concluded. "There goes Miss Calvert's carriage. Run and tell aunt everything, so that when the poor fellow comes to-morrow she will have had time to think over how best to brr.e.. the news."

"Don't cry so, Amy, my darling. It's not your fault, not one bit. I ought never to have let you engage yourself to me when you were too young to know what love really meant." Luc Atherton had been told, and, as Mrs. Wyngate confided to her niece, had taken the news beautifully, and seemed only anxious to make it easy for Amabel. Indeed, so calm did he seem that she began to wonder whether, after all, he did care for the child as much as they had all thought. Frances, understanding the nature of the inant better than did her placid-tempered aunt, guessed how hard was the struggle against self that was going on in the adjacent room. It was long before Amabel could be comforted, long before she would let him leave her. Now that the moment of final parting had come she realised clearly the true worth that lurked beneath the rough exterior of the man she could not love. Well for her that she did not see him when, alone at last, he dropped the mask held so rigidly between her and his suffering. "Denis is a good sort. He will make her happy, dear little girl he muttered, brokenly, when spent with the long struggle he began to turn his thoughts to the future. "As for me. If my country ever needs me I am ready to serve her.' And when that hour came, as it did a year later, Luc Atherton was one of the first to join the ranks. He was no lover of the Boers, knowing facts too well from his long sojourn amongst them. There was no one to work for now, so if they looted the home he had taken such pride to get together, what. did it matter? Ile would give up all, fight for the right, and at least sell his life dearly. The highly-prized cross would have been his had he lived to receive it. for lie saved his commanding officer's life, and helped many a wounded comrade from the thick of the fight; but the hardest bought victory had been long before when he sacrificed the one hope of his life for love of the girl dearer to him than life itself. IT:TE END. 1

===== 0002601_19041022_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE TEMPERANCE SOCIETY. How to Accomplish Temperance Reform. REV. JOHN YONGE'S SUGGESTIONS. IP,

..........; The opening meeting for the session of the Wycliffe Temperance Society was characterized by an interesting address by the president of the society, the Rev. John Yonge on the means to be adopted to bring about temperance reform. There was, unfortunately, only a small attendance at the meeting. .S Mr. B. FARRAR presided and at the outset remarked that he thought there should be a temperance society connected with every church in the town. The need for ' temperance societies and bands of hope was as great at the present time as ever it was. In fact the need was if anything the greater as though temperance principles were undoubtedly becoming more general the advance of those principles was not nearly so great as was the case 30 or 40 years ago. Mr. Farrar went on to say that drink brought a curse into thousands of English homes and it was their duty as ,temperance men and women to combat the evil by being ever ready to back up their principles and to bear testimony to the good arising from temperance. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. JOHN YONGE regretted the smallness of the attendance, but thought this was due largely to the many counter-attractions in the town. Amongst the adult members of Wycliffe Church there had not, he was sorry to say, been that earnest interest in temperance which the cause deserved, and that combined with the exceptional reasons which existed against there being a large gathering, he thought, was responsible for the smallness of the attendance, a smallness which he hoped would not be repeated in the future meetings of the Society. Some 25 years ago Sir John Bright strongly advocated temperance, and said appeals should be made to all members of Christian Churches in the hope of creating a strong public opinion amongst thoughtful and religious persons in favour of temperance, and to afford to the nation a great example of abstinence from the use of articles which were so seldom useful and so often pernicious. Since those remarks were uttered there had been a great increase in the interest shown by Churches in the temperance movement, and in the practice of total abstinence. Amongst Con- gregational ministers had this been especially noticed and to the same extent must the interest shown by Congregational people be increased or else it was the case of a large amount of love's labour being' lost. Since Mr. Bright so strongly advocated total abstinence his advice with regard to the Churches had been so widely followed that temperance sermons were regularly preached, and Temperance Sunday found a permanent , place in our calendar. Personally he did rot feel that ITemperance Sunday was as useful as might be supposed for the obvious reason that the sermons that day were addressed to persons who did not practice temperance and from his personal experience he found that those persons whom they most desired to influence took the opportunity on Temperance Sunday of staying at home, or else of attending somewhere where they did not think they could be shouted at. Advertising the preaching of temperance sermons was not likely to draw to any church a congregation com- posed, or even partly composed of those persons who needed reforming in that direction, and he was sure that it would be better for ministers to take their congregations by surprise and to preach a temperance sermon when such a sermon was least expected. There were four good reasons why Christian Chiarches should have temperance assoviations in their midst. First for

===== 0002601_19041022_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
SCALP HUMOURS

Itching; Scaly and Crusted

===== 0002601_19041022_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
With Loss of Hair

Speedily Cured by Cuticura Soap and Ointment When Every Other Remedy and Physicians Fail

Warm shampoos with Cuticura Soap and light dressings of Caticura, the great skin cure, at once stop falling hair, remove crusts, scales and dan- druff, soothe irritated, itching surfaces, destroy hair parasites, stimulate the hair follicles, loosen the scalp skin, supply the roots with energy and nour- ishment, and make the hair grow upon a sweet, healthy scalp when all else fails.

Millions of the world's best people use Cuticura Soap, assisted by Cuti- cura Ointment, the great skin cure, for preserving, purifying and beautifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales and dandruff, and the stop- ping of falling hair, for softening, whitening and soothing red, rough and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings and chafings, for annoying irritations and inflammations, or too free or offen- sive perspiration, for ulcerative weak- nesses, and many antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves to women, as well as for all the purposes of the toilet, bath and nursery. Complete treatment for every hu- mour, consisting of Cuticura Soap, to cleanse the skin, Cuticura Ointment, to heal the skin, and Cuticura Resolvent Pills, to cool and cleanse the blood, may now be had for 4s. 9cl. A single set is often sufficient to cure the most torturing, disfiguring, itching, burning and scaly humours, eczemas, rashes and irritations, from infancy to age, when all else falls.

Sold throughout the world. Cuticura Resolvent, 2s. 6d. (in form of Chocolate Coated Pills, ls. lid. per vial of 60 ), Ointment, 2.5. 6d.. Soap, is. Depots: London. 27 Charter. house Sq.; Paris, 6 Rue de Is Paix: Boston. 137 Colum but Ave. Potter Drag a Chem. Corp.. Sole Proprietors. Send fox" How to Care Everyillumoar."

the inculcation of the practice of total abstinence ; secondly, for the confirmation of the habit : thirdly, for the encouragement and promotion of legislation both local and national in furtherance of temperance; and fourthly for the salvation of persons from the evils of drink. The inculcation should begin with the children and that could only be accomplished by means of hard work and at the risk of considerabl3 personal incon- venience and the sacrifice of time. The motive of total abstinence could be taught to the children in the schools by the delivering of scientific lectures by com- petent teachers. That had been attempted and far more was being done year by year. But there still remained. the fact that many Government Inspectors were not friendly to it and that the Board of Education was exceedingly unsympathetic and did not give theproposal its approbation. Apart, however, from the education in schools on the evils of intemperance, more in that direction could be done at their temperance meetings by the giving of scientific lectures on the subject. In that direction they could do a great deal of good. At any rate he thought it was worth trying, as he must confess that as years went by he doubted more and more whether they could find people who could,amid the counter attractions attend the ordinary temperance entertainments. More- over he did not think the temperance entertainment of the present day was strong enough to do any permanent good, though that was, of course, their object. With regard to the second point they wanted more anti-liquor legislation. One of the very valuable services done by the Wycliffe Society, in the past was to keep them in touch with any projects which would have the effect of furthering the progress of the sale of intoxicating liquors. They acted as a sort of vigilance committee and kept their eyes and ears open for all applications for new licences or for the transfer of an old license to a new neighbourhood.Any Christian church which feared to declare itself an enemy of the drink traffic was unworthy of its name, and they at Wycliffe never feared that it should be known that they were always on the side of public welfare and were not to be terrorised by the power of the trade. They did not desire to be offensive but they were determined to be firm and fearless in their opposition to the drink traffic. Happily, and it was to them a matter for congratula- tion,the whole trend of legislation in Warrington during recent years had been in favour of restricting rather than advancing the drink traffic. When they considered that in Warrington they had such a large number of brewers who supported their charitable in- stitutions it was, he thought, a matter for congratula- tion that they had not more licensed houses than was the case, as they often found in towns where brewere were large ratepayers the town had to pay for having in its midst gentlemen, some of whom he must admit were generous benefactors and philanthropists. Had not the Government stepped in with the Brewers Relief and Endowment Bill, known as the Licensing Act of 1903, they would have been able to do more in the future than they had done in the past. It was their duty to see that the next Government so undermined the act that the interest of the people would be safeguarded and placed before the interests of the omnipotent brewers. That act had afforded us the miserable spectacle of the bishop supporting the brewers and of clergyman supporting the brewer because they were afraid to endanger the subscriptions which they received as the result of the drink traffic. In Warring- ton they would probably have noticed that clergymen on just coming to the town were somewhat outspoken on the subject, but had later received certain hints which had caused them to considerably moderate their tone. They must see that what was objectionable in the recent Act -was obliterated, and that in its place new legislation was introduced which would advance the interests of temperance. That could only be done by personal self-sacrifice, by individual effort, and by earnest, kindly and neighbourly influences, and yet it could be done if they as temperance people would only take the duty upon themselves, and never miss an oppor- tunity to do something to further the cause which they had so much at heart.

During the proceedings songs were ably rendered by Miss L. Travis and Mr. B.Hibbert. Miss Hibbert acted as accompanist.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
CIRCULATION OF BANK NOTES.

lhe general public don't know much about the circu- lation of bank notes. What is chiefly impressed upon most of us concerning bank notes is, that in the course of their circulation they all too seldom find their way into our pocket books; and that on the rare occasions when this happens their circulation is not long delayed, and they are soon upon their travels again. In America (where they are used much more than in our country), worn-out bank notes are made into car wheels, and in that form enter ..ipon another, though different, career of circulation.

The tendency of everything is to wear out—bank notes, coins, clothes, our livers, kidneys, and what not Truly we can think of no exception. The ultimate fate of aft things is wreck,. _

"For fully twenty years I was what may be called a physical wreck." These ominous words are the beginn- ing of a letter written by Mrs. Elizabeth Shirt, on 10th of August, 1900, to the proprietors of Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. "in all that time I was never free from indigestion and bronchitis," continues Mrs. Shirt. 'Even in the best summer weather my breathing was bad, and as soon as the cold and wet of winter set in I was laid up altogether. "in December, 1897, the influenza gripped tight hold of me, and for some days my condition was critical. At last after a stiff fight I recovered from the influenza ; but it left me weak and exhausted, with the bronchitis worse than before. Sometimes I had to gasp like a fish out of water, and was so wheezy that my breathing could be heard all over the house. Then a hard dry cough fastened upon me, and shook my body through and through. So violent was it that I used to get black in the face, while beads of perspiration rolled off me. My sleep was so broken, and I ate so little, that a mere walk across the room tired me more than a walk of miles had formerly done. "A doctor attended me for a long while'and did his best; but when at last I was sure his medicine was do- ing me no good, I ceased to use it and began to take Mother Seigers Syrup. I was better from the first bottle, and went on taking the Syrup and improving until I was completely cured." Mrs. Shirt still lives where she lived in 1900—at 12, Hibbert Street, New Town, New Mills, near Stockport. Writing again on June 14th, 1904, Mrs. Shirt, says : "My health continues excellent. The medicine that saved my life has also proved very beneficial in every case where I have recommended it." It has sent sailing . again on Life's ocean many a human craft wrongly sup- posed to have been a hopeless wreck.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_19041022_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3 t • IL, ' • ),

===== 0002601_19041022_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

.:11:1

===== 0002601_19041022_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
(Lir "es:miner Arras

r•• WiRELINGTON AND MID-CHICSIIIRS litv.tiorcn." published every Saturn.— morning. FINE " gLat,gsrovrm AND gIIVITOI4 ft.& Malta , published every Friday afternoon. r "ST. q MEANS &X AMINFEEt,' published every Friday afternoon. -raz " RuNcourr AM/NR," published every k. Friday afternoon. THE "WIDNES Eassituics," published every & Friday afternoon. Filw,PAto AP kRTMENTS WANTED APARTNitNTS TO LET Eke TICLES LOST ,iTICLES RoUND

ADVFARTISF:NIKN T HoUBES WANTED HOUSES To BE SOLD MISCELLANEOUS WANTS MISCELLANEOUS SALES

DomOtt gotrbants, dr.

46'MALL FAMILY RIELQUIRE GENERAL, or useful help. Apply SPRING BANK, (near station), Irlam.

WANTRD a TIRSt"BOTABLH GIRL, Rood character.— Arply Mrs. MASSEY, Warket,Warrington. VANTED Rood General SICRVANT references required.— TV Mrs. JOHN HATTorr, butcher, Bolth's Hill. Lymtn.

VC ANTED a good SHRVART from 16 to 1,1 years old.— Y Apply Mrs. GUEST. 167, Firs Lane. Leigh, Lancashire

wANTED a Strong Respectable GIRL, age 14 to 16 for house work.—Mrs MoRRIS. London House. Tyldesley.

I,IIP ANTED Experienced GENERAL ' Good Wages.—Apply V Mrs ARMSTRONG, Broweide. Greetby Hill, Ormekirk.

W ANTED, good GENERAL; small family; state age, wages, tc--NORTHCOTE, !Charlotte at., Cheadle, _

L'heshire.

wANTBD. strong, respeetasale GIRL for nAlktiouse ; age 16 to 20.—Apply 7, TINTERN sT. Westminster rd..

Liverpool.

RS. FERON, 11, DURHAM RD.. Seaforth. requires Cooks 1,1 Generils, Housemaids, Nurses at once. No fees until suited.

• ANTRD, respectable trustworthy GIRL, for house- VTwotk, 15 to 16.-4 pply, Mr. H ALSALL, riolly Farm, Blowlek. Southport.

GENERAL !disengaged), age 21 ; two years' references ; I.IOUSBMAID, six years' references.—Mrs. BownEN, 20, Pepper at.. Chester.

NvANTBD young GENERAL SERVANT, 16 to 18; no washing ; no children; references.-11, BRowNevILLE RD., Heaton Chapel, Stockport.

wANTBD, SITUATION as PLAIN COOK or Working Housekeeper to single gentiernan.—S. D., I, Beech- terrace, Stamford Park rd., Altrincham.

WANTED COOK and HOUSEMAID from 25 to 35 years for one Lady no washing good wages.—A. CHLDWICK 52, Harris-sVeet.. Rochdale. Lancashire.

. , WANTRD good PLAIN COOKS and Cook-eenerals, no washing. Housemaids and Nurses at liberty.—Mrs. CUTLER'S Registry, Booth St., Ashton-under-Lyne.

NVANTED Experienced GENERAL. 23 to 40, good character required; family three, grown up ; 05-217 —Mrs. SUNDFRLAND, Moorside, Markland 11111 Lane. Bolton

- A LL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country o town,publie and private.—Call or write MISS HARRISON' only office), 6,oldham street, Manchester. Established 1862

%IRS. READ Require' superior SERVANTS, every .1.11. capacity ; good, reliable places, town and country, Estab. 24 years.—SEgEar REGISTRY. Rusbolme, Manchester.

F.S. REGISTRY.—WANTED, Domestic Servants. XT. especially Cook-Generals. and Housemaids ; good -references essential.—Uply. LADY SUPERINTENDENT, 13 Starkie st.. Preston.

QOOHS WANTBD £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitress £lB to £22. Generals £lB to £2O. Girls £l4, excellent places. No connection with any other office.—Write to HARRISON'S 6, Oldham street. Manchester.

WANTSD Situation as HOUSBIMPBR (30). farm- house ; children no objection; butter. cheese, poultry; nine years' experience; good refetence.—C M.. Birkwood FArm, Crofton.llWakefield.

lATANTED. LAUNDRESS, sober and indnatriour, board and wages Eli; yearly. Assistance aiven.—Apply stating age and referenc. in SUPERINTENDENT. Farm School. Newton-le-Willows, Lancashire.

WANTED. eighteen miles from Manchester. a clean active person as thoroughly good PLAIN COOK must be an early riser; waehing put out.—Apply Mrs Heath-Hill.Stacksteads. Lancashire.

ALL CLASSES OF SITUATIONS. private and publics good homes, excellent wages; places in town,country. and seaside.—Write IO HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street. Manchester.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
A: antrD.

QHOEMAKIsRS.—WANTED. a good Stitchman. Apply kJ 95, HIGH ST.. Newton-le-Willows.

BUTCHERS.—G. T. MURRAY buys me4t cloths; good price given.--113. Green lane. Liverpool. R.

NVANTED, large English APPLES, any quantity (cheap) —Birs. HALL, 1, New Cross Street, Present.

A GENTS wanted to push good paving lines; genuine; ts particulars free.—S. ARGENT. Yiewsley, Middlesex.

T ADY would adopt little girl,- rAlined parents, premium 1.1 required.—BlSHOP. 3, Wellington Parade. Gloucester.

XTESTLE'S MILK LABELS WANTED, 3d. per dozen 1.11 given. Cash by return.—G. HEYs, 14, Coleridge it.. Blackburn.

A GENTS WANTED Immediately; ss. per week and over il easily earned In spare time.—NtrrTALL, 20. Castle Hill. Sheffield.

4,14PAR13 TIME.-15s. guaranteed weekly. Particulars 0 Is. id. (returnable).—C. LAYTON, accountantl 3, Park Terrace. Swindon.

- ILqKuanDtiAtlyßnloßSoZeet. WANTED, msouir mbeary street, well-cooled; lledlialsanariVI l Heath, Birmingham.

WANTED. WORKMAN. o net be a good cutter of hay; cottage on farm.—Apply to RICHARD RAINFORD, Altcar, near Liverpool.

30S. WBICKLY.—Barn this by addressing envelopes, &e. rroposal. addressed envelope.—WicsoLLs,lo,Feather- stone Buildings. London. W.C.

AXIDDLII-AGSD MAN abstainer. WANTS PLAC H as iv./ inside man, odd man or boots good references.—B,2l, Basil St., Heaton Norris, Stockport.

WANIBD. British Colonial King's Head Stamps above id. value; also King's (MOO, all used, for cash. MORANT. Grove House, Ringwood, Hants

NTESTLES MILK LABELS lib size. 3kd per Doz. Ilb, 2i 111 Sunlipbt and Lifebnov Wrappers (Tops) Is. 4d per 10 —Stnorso, UT, Harwood Street Blackburn.

• 1 fS. TO £2 Weekly earned in Spare Time.—Bend stamped addressed envelope for particulars to A. FlELnirra, 236. Bamford rd , Heywood. Lancashire.

AGENTS WANTED. for sale of British Widows Pension Tea; exceptionally liberal terms; benefit in 26 weeks.— For particulars apply 26. CATHEDRAL ST., Manchester.

WBRKLY.— Earn this by Addressing Envelopes, Ao. at home.—Send addressed envelope for particular 140ATir (Dept. 52) ST. JOHN'S, Elm road, Mortlake. London

A GENTS WANTED.—Send sid, for sample pair revolving 111. RUBBER HEELS and pair of up-to-date CUFF- HOLDERS; profits 100 per eenf--HARRISON. Windham it., Blankburn.

P°STAGE STAMPS•—Wanted to Purchase Rnglish Officia Stamps and Old Collections. Rnglish and Foreign.kond price given: no deaIers.—COT•LECTOR. 58, Granville Park' Lewisham, London..

eIiARCOAL for BOWLING GREENS and Tennis Courts. —Agent Waneed ; liberal commission to energetic traveller.—Apply PROWN'A CHIRCoAL Womts; Paul at., -Vauxhall rd.. Liverpool.

DOULTRYMAN and MARKET GARDENER.—Yonng IL an accustomed to gardening. desires situation as Pupil ; character ; relerence.—Apply ANWYL, Victoria avenue, Rhal.

4)D. DOZEN given for SUNLIGHT LIFEBUOY VINOLIA: ...;,/ lad. Matchless, Perfection, Pink Carbolic ; collectors lots biught ; wire or write. Winner of £lOO from Watson's Competition .—WRITE, Blackfriar's rd., Soutbsea.;

FURNITURE, PIANOS, STOCKS, &c.. BOUGHT FuR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT. OR ADVANuES MADE. HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN. NO CHARGE FOR INSPECTION. El ARTLEY ANT) CO„ 12, MOSS-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
Co be Zet.

-25, CATI, /RINE STRRET, 6 Rooms 4s. 3d. per week. PRNKIV.; t.—GOOD HOLISM WITH GARDRNS, 38. 9d, per teek, also Cottages 38. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. IVY lODGR.VROGHALL LANR.rent £45 a year on lease WELLFIRLD STRIIRT, corner of Mill Lane, go od house ,

rent 6s. . HORStMARKET STREHT, near Market Gate, double fronted Shoo. . Apply OBERT Lowic, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War• rington. Telephone—No 66.

-------- rro LET 17, FOLLY L&,—Apply Woons lc Sox 1 Solicitors. Horeetnark et Street, Warrington.

rIOTTAGB (furnished or unfurnished) TO LBT.—Beautiful situation near sea and tram. AU conveniences.-7. NyTTEB RD.. Cleveleys. Blackpool.

,CIHRADLII HALL.—TMs Commodious Residence contain- ing four entertaining rooms (one 60ft. by 30ft.). twelve bedrooms ; six acres of well laid-out grounds ; rent. £l5O per nnum.—itiAAC NISLD & Sox. 19, Cqapel Walks,anCbeStr

T—J. THOOLEN, THE EXPORT NURSERIES, C./ • HEHMSTBDIC, HAAELB.M. HOLLAND. Has the honour to announce that he offers Hyacinths, first size, named, in several sorts, 14s. 4d. ; Hyscinths.mixed 7s. 4d.; Crocus, mixed, first size Is.; Crocus. second size, 71. ; Tulips 2t.; Snowdrops, elwess, is. 6d,; Anemones. mixed, 11. 2d. ; Anemones, white Is 2d.; Spanish Iris, Bd. &ilia, Merles. 2s. ; Narciss, single, mixad, is. 4d Trumpets. mixed, 2s. 6d.; Ixias. 6d.; Sparaxis, 7d. ; Ran uncu 1 u s Is. ; all per 100 ; 25 at price per 100 rate. Orders of above 10s. free to destination. Ask for illustrated prise list. Cash with order. Hetablished 1884. ,

PLACARDS, EXTRA LARGE SIZ OUR speciality. ADDRESSES, Pamphlets. Secretaries Report Ice., printed in any size and quantity. RULES PRINTED and BOUND for Oidfellow Foresters, Druids, Shepherds' Sick, Burials an Trade Societies.

SICK, RECEIPT. and SUBSCRIPTION BOOKS Printed. BonndANumbered and Perforated to order. TRADE PRINTING of every description. EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Otiatltanous, en ftale, dr.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
-VIVI AND CHIP SHOP FITTINGS complete. Collar, I: Muzzle, Whip and Chain, for large dog.-3. Corn:HILL STREET, Crewe.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Illisretiantoug, nAntits, ett.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Voultrp, Ogcl6,

TOR SALL about 200 PIGBONS.—Smirs, Gambler J. terrace, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
aqotar ears, eptlts, etc

GOOD sound BICYCLE for Sale. Reversible for Lady or Gent. £4.—A. HOUGHTON, 3. Bridge StTeet.Barlestown.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 22, 1904.

sinits bp clurtion.

COUGHS,

make the most thoughtful ratepayer despair of ever coming to an absolute and satisfying conclu- sion on the trading question. But we counsel our townsmen to mentally weigh, scrutinise, and com- pare the reports, and then, we venture to think, they will be able to settle once and for all in which direction their judgment must be cast. For the present, so late was it when copies of both reports were to hand, we decline to attempt any compre- hensive or detailed examination either of the specific charges made by the Non-Trading Com- missioners, or the defensive and extenuatory statements of the Corporation representatives.

It is interesting, and not unprofitable, although our judgment for the time being is suspended, to put side-by-side some of the conclusions which each trio of Commissioners publishes in the respective reports. We will call the Non-Trading version by Messrs. S. Norbury Williams, John ;Pemberton, and Adam Horrocks, No. 1, and that of the Council nominees,Messrs. Wilkinson,James Evans, and A: Peacock, No. 2. Perpend : No. 1.

No. 2.

"That the trading, both "We point out that not direct and indirect, which a single definite charge of had been alleged at the any kind has been made public meetings, . . . . against an individual mem- has been amply proved." ber or official of the Cor- " The persistent ignor- poration throughout the ance ' of the officials, the Inquiry." . . . boycotting of the Inquiry In all the trading by men who should have transactions which have known better and who occurred between Limited ought to have rendered us Companies and the Cor- assistance, and the luke- poration (in which Cora- warmness of our Council ,panies and members of the colleagues, have all corn- Corporation have been blued to make this Inquiry interested) there is no a very difficult matter. We evidence whatever of any- therefore congratulate the thing which could be burgesses that we have considered of an illegal been able to bring out as or immoral character. In many facts as are to be no single instance has any found in the 6,600 para- evidence been adduced to graphs of the evidence, and prove that any member or we conclude with the ex- official of the Corporation pression of our earnest who was a shareholder in hope that for the future any of the Companies re- the work of the borough ferred to, has in any way may be carried on by its whatever attempted to municipal representatives make use of his position in with a single eye for the an improper manner or has good of the town, and that abused the confidence self-seeking may not again placed in him by the Bur- show itself as it has done gesses." . . . "We in the past, with such have perused and con- serious results to the good sidered the Report of the name of Warrington." three Council Commis- sioners, who preceded us, which we consider is a fair and honest report, and with the finding of which we fully concur." . . . "We have pleasure in re- cording our testimony to the fact that the Officials of the Corporation have rendered all the assistance they could in the conduct of the Inquiry and we are satisfied that the business of the Corporation has been throughout conducted in an able, efficient, and honourable manner."

The above quotations provide a little comedy in contradiction, such as " Truth " would revel in. They are also the very definite findings of men whom, we are to presume, speak from honest con- viction. But it is impossible, in the nature of things, that both verdicts 'can be rigiit. Which is the on to be generally accepted ? That is a grave question which the ratepayers alone can and mus:, decide. There appears to us, however, to be this distinction between the two reports. That of the Non-Traders i. very materially and solidly substantiated ipy evidence in many respects of the clearest char • acter, while the final opinions of the Council Com- missioners bear the appearance of being somewhat hastily formed and somewhat recklessly expressed. For instance, iu No. 2 quotation, these gentlemen say "we would point out that not a single definite charge of any kind has been made against an individual member or official of the Corporation throughout the Inquiry." Their three prede- cessors, also appointed by the Council, in their report themselves named five mem- ' bers or ex-members of the Council whose conduct they classed as "irregular "—and yet Messrs. Wilkinson, Evans, and Peacock say of this previous report that they fully concur with its finding. How are these statements to be reconciled? We do not profess to know, but we think they detracti considerably from the weight and judicial character of the report in question.

The news of the revival of trade is very good hearing. It is a fact that there is an improvement in the business of the Stock Exchange, and this is an index to the whole book of commercial suc- cess. Reference to individual trades seems to bear out the promise. The universal providers in town are doing even better than the proximity of winter would lead one to expect. The beginning of a new season naturally produces quickened activity, but the improvement goes beyond that. There is,apparently,m the significant phrase of the markets,a loosening of money all round. The Stock Exchange portents are advertising better things for, at any rate,the concluding months of the year, and that, with a better agricultural year an.' a better has conspired to render prospects industrial gener tone, has more cheering. A Regent street costumier has lately been receiving again, is an unfailing moving If this is overdue indication that accounts,m 0 andr more mtohnaety, t so, smaller shopkeepers are no less sure to feel the benefit. The outlook in the weaving trade is brighter, and on the whole tradesmen may look for improved returns this Christmas and New Year—as compared with those of last winter. Wholesale and retail merchants are reporting things brisker than for some years past. We have , had the bitter complaint of the lean years. The note to-day is more sanguine, and if the hopeful expressions one hears in various quarters are real- ised, a fillip to trade will be experienced in nearly every direction.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

OCTOBER 22nd, 1904.

"THE hopes in Sc. Peters- THE BALTIC burg that General Kußo- FLEET. PATKIN would be able to

resume the offensive after all, and even break through the Japanese cantre, have been speedily dashed. They had no foundation except the mishaps which befel a Japanese force of less than 5,000 men, which was isolated from its supports,and compelled to abandon a few guns. It is significant that even when enveloped by a whole Russian division this column was able to cut its way out. "Our adversary is of an exceptional kind," says the " Novoe Vremya" candidly. "No European nation has had to stand before such soldiers. On the other hand, the Japanese have no reason to under-rate their adversaries. They have totally frustrated KITROPATKI N's plans, but they have not overcome the spirit of his troops. After ten days of the most determined fighting ever seen, the Japanese line is fifteen miles nearer Mukden ; but the Russians shew no sign of abandoning the city. It is probable that there will be a pause now, such as followed the battle of Liao-yang. Both sides are weary, and the tremendous waste of ammunition has to be repaired. It is difficult to understand how there can be a single Russian or Japanese cartridge left How the armies are provisioned is also a puzzle Evidently the country cannot support them; and if it be true that one pressing reason for KUROPATKIN'S unsuccessful advance was the lack of food, he must be suffering a good deal more on this score than the Japanese. They have perfect facilities for rapid transit; he has only the single line of railway from Europe. Reinforcements come to him that way,but how are they to be fed? It is possible that he may yet be starved out of Manchuria rather than driven out.

It looks as if the Baltic Fleet had positively weighed anchor for its voyage to the Far East ; and the whole world watches this strange adven- ture with wonder, not unmixed with sympathy As far as we can make out, the Fleet is to be dependent for its coaling chiefly upon German steamers, which are to perform this office without any breach of what the Kaiser supposes to be neutrality. What view the Japanese take of this singular arrangement we do not know; but we can imagine a situation in which the process of coaling at sea will be rudely interrupted by emissaries of de wakeful Togo. The appearance of these unfriendly strangers might give the German colliers time to clear off the scene, or it might not. If a misdirected shell or a wandering tor- pedo should send a German steamer to the bottom, what would the discerning KAISER say? Would he upbraid Japan in the War Lord's most emphatic style of eloquence, or would he admit that German merchantmen carrying munitions of war to a belligerent must run the risk of destruc- tion ? In view of the War Lord's uncertain tem- perament, all this is pure speculation. But it is quite plain that he has the strongest desire to see the Baltic Fleet reach the Far East,and destroy the Japanese naval power. The chances of this enter- prise are not brilliant. The voyage, even if it be comparatively smooth and uneventful, will take nearly four months; and it is improbable that before the end of that time Kuropatkin will either have relieved Port Arthur or recaptured it from the Japanese. There is a suggestion that when Port Arthur is occupied by Japan we shall give up Wei-hai-wei, and that the KAISER will seize it as he seized Kian-chau. Wei-hai-wei is of no particular use to us; but we are not likely to give Germany the opportunity of utilisiug it to threaten Japan.

To-day will be .a day of sensation in Warringtog for the long-awaited and eagerly-anticipated final reports by the Commissioners of the Non-Tradinn Association and the recently appointed additional Commissioners of the Corporation on the great Inquiry which has extended over twelve months, are made public. Nothing in municipal affairs can well exceed the gravity of the allegations with which they deal, and we earnestly hope that the ratepayers of Warrington will bring calm, dispassionate, and deliberate judgment to bear on the subject matter of th ese two reports. The task of :ultimately arriving at a sound verdict is rendered especially difficult by the fact that both in substance and detail the reports are diametrically opposed to each other. This is sufficient in itself almost, to

Polyglot Society. Dr. Ormandy gave a very interesting paper on Wednesday on "The Unity of Matter in the World and in the Universe." After introducing the subject in German, the lecturer proceeded in English for the benefit of the non-German .section, and explained in a very lucid manner the various means of proving the uniformity of matter, and the great part which the spectroscope has p . played det9rmunng the identity of gases. A few simple experiments :were useful in driving home the subject, and in the discussion which followed further light was given by Dr. Markel and other members. The next paper by Dr. Ormandy is already being looked forward to with much interest. ASK fGr CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH.CLASb IqnsTERAL WATERS.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Crowded Out. Owing to the enormous 'pressure on our alp ce duo to the publication of the Inquiry reports, we have been compelled to hold over several items of news, including the first annual dinner in connection with the Warrington Bowling League.

Accidents. On Thursday afternoon a youth named Harold Perkins, residing in Bostock-street, Warrington, received severe burns about the face and hands whilst following his employment at Messrs. Monks, Hall, and Co.'s ironworks. He was putting some paraffin on a furnace, when it blazed up and inflicted the burns.-- A little boy named Thomas Kelly, aged seven years, residing in Edward-street, was run over in Froghall- lane on Thursday and was severely injured. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLA.SS MINIMA WATERS.—Advt. Wycliffe Y.P.S. _ _

The weekly meeting of Wycliffe Young People's Society was held on Monday evening, the Rev. John Yonge presiding. An able and interesting paper on "Employment for women" was submitted by Miss , Emily Brown who alluded at some length to the , domestic servant problem, and suggested that freer ' conditions of work would be an encouragement to more girls to enter service. Dealing with the employ- ment of females as clerks, &c., she expressed the view that when women proved themselves capable of doing men's work they should be paid at the same rate.—An interesting debate followed and Miss Brown was thanked for her paper. Social Service League and Labour Repre- sentation. The opening debate in conn ection with the newly. formed Social Service League t ook place last evening the Rev. H. Dunnico presiding.: The subject under dis- cussion was whether or not the League should see affiliation with the Labour Representation Com- mittee, and after arguments on both sides it was re- solved by a good majority that "Seeing that the Labour Representation Committee is not a trade union society and that the committee is in such an tin settled state we do not seek affiliation." Presentation to a Local Journalist. Mr. Joseph Hawthorn, who has just severed a connection extending from boyhood with the staff o this journal to take up an appointment on the "Liver pool Mercury," was on Saturday evening the recipien of a solid silver cigarette case, suitably inscribed from his Warrington colleaaues. Mr. H. Isherwoo made the presentation in well chosen terms and pai a deserving tribute to the ability which Mr. Hawthor has brought to bear in the discharge of his dutie and to his amicable relationship with his fellow pressmen. Other members of the company endorse Mr. Isheiwood's remarks, and Mr. Hawthorn mad a suitably reply. GREAT SALE OF BOOTS AND SHOES now 011 UNDER THE CLOCK.—Advt. St. John's Literary and Social Society. The usual fortnightly meeting of this Society was held in St. John's schoolroom on Tuesday evening, the President, Mr. P. 11. Brown, occupying the chair. The Rev. J. L. Milne, M.A., 8.D., gave an address entitled "A half-hour with the Dictionary." Mr. Milne said the remark "as dry as a dictionary " was one very commonly heard, but he had not think it was a correct one, and those making it must not have consulted a good dictionary, or if they had they must have done so carelessly. A good dictionary was the most inter- esting and instructive book they could have on their shelves. Mr. Milne went on to show at length how by studying:the dictionary words with their derivations and original meanings much valuable and interesting information is obtained of past times, and of social life &c. He dealt with the many languages from which our words have been derived, indicating how we continue to add new words to our dictionary. Some discussion afterwards took place on the address and the lecturer was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. The next meeting of the Society will be held on Tuesday, November Ist., when there will be mis- cellaneous debates. Passive Resisters' Sale. Another stage in the Warrington Passive Resisters movement was reached on Monday afternoon when the third sale of goods seized in default of the payment of the Education rate, was conducted by Mr. Robert Lowe. Hitherto it has been the practice to hold the sales in the Market Place, but this year the goods were sold together with the goods seized for the ' non-payment of rates in general. The names of the resisters, together with the amount of the rate required were :—Mr. Wm. Clatworthy, 21, Lovely-lane, 7s. 4d.; the Rev. W. j. Roberts, 30, Parker-street, 6s. id. ; Mr. Norman Balmford, 15, Museum-street, 10s. 6d. ; Miss Emma J. Fieldhouse, Bridge-street, us. 6d. ; Mr. Edward Howard, 192, Padgate-lane, ss. 6d.; the Rev. J. L. Milne, 33, Orford-road, 78. 6d.; Mr. William Gallop, 69, Buttermarket-street, 10s. ; Mr. William Mayer, 33, Froghall-lane, ss. 6d.; Mr. Thomas Dale, 76, Priestley-street, is. 4d. There was a large attend- ance of bidders and for several of the lots there was some spirited competition. Six of the lots were bought in, while two, a silver watch and a gold ring were to outside purchasers. A pair of silver candlesticks, the property of Mr. William Clatworthy went to Mr. Curngan, of Altrincham, but were re-purchased by Mr. Clatworthy's agent who returned to Mr. Carrigan the amount of his purchase money together with 58. for his bargain. Town Council Business. The final meeting of the Town Council for the pre- sent municipal year will be held at the Town Hall on Tuesday evening when the report of the Commis- sioners who have conducted the trading inquiry will be presenied.—At a meeting of the Electricity and Tramways Committee a letter was submitted from Councillor Stott asking if fitters' work on the repair- ing of cars was being done by labourers who received sixpence per hour—The manager submitted correspondence on the matter and the com- mittee approved his action.—On the suggestion of Councillor Peacock it was decided to run workmen's cars on the Longford route after 5 p.m.— At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee correspondence with respect to the widening of Warrington Bridge, which appeared in our last issue, was read—The committee after carefully considering Messrs. Fairclough's offer and Mr. J. J. Webster's report thereon, regret that Messrs. Fairdough's pro- posal is not feasible.—Councillor Stott will move that the provision of an open-air swimming bath for the Orford•Ward recreation ground be considered and that the Council adopt a contract penalty clause to the effect that as a penalty for the first offence, the Council shall not consider any tender submitted by the offending contractor for a period of one year from I the date of the contract having been broken; for a second offence the penalty shall be two years, and for a third offence, no tender for any work shall in future be considered by the Council from that Contractor. Alderman Sutton will move a vote of thanks to the Mayor.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TSNIC is the KING OF TONICS.-63, SANKEY STREET, Warrington.—Advt. Police Sports.—A Record Financial Result. A meeting of the Police Athletic Club was held at the Police Buildings on Friday, 14th instant, Sergeant Smith, the senior Sergeant, occupying the chair. The hon. secretary, Sergeant Evans, presented his report on the recent Police Sports, and the hon. treasurer, Inspector Taylor, produced the balance sheet in con- nection with the same. The sp9rts(as already reported in our columns) were an unqualified success, and the hon. treasurer's statement, read at the meeting, showed Ithat financially they established a record, the nett sum realised being no less than £73 4s. as against £3l 16s. 6d. last year, though it must be remembered that in 1903 the sports meeting had to be postponed owing to unfavourable weather. Of the total sum realised on the present occasion, £36 .12s. has been handed over to the funds of the WarrTgton Infirmary, and £lB 6s. to the District Nursing . Association, each institution receiving more than twice as much as it received last year. At the meeting a hearty and unanimous vote of thanks was. passed to the Chief Constable, the committee, officials and ticket sellers, who all worked together most energetically to bring about such a satisfactory result. The Chairman also voiced the feeling of all present when he said that the police owed a debt of gratitude to the public of War- rington who continued to so loyally support their efforts in connection with the annul sports fixture. not a little of the success of which, as he aptly observed, being due to the fact that the function took place on the tradesmen's half-holiday, when the temporarily leisured townspeople took a lively interest in the Police Athletic Gathering. All the acting officials were re-elected, and the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to Sergeant Smith for his conduct in the chair.

vu FzBASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS in latest art ti bade s.—J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Peter's Sale of Work. The sale of work in connection with St. Peter's Church was re-opened on Saturday. The proceeds for the three days, which were in aid of parochial organizations, amounted to ±,..106 59. 4d. Stabbing Affair. At Cheshire Quarter Sessions on Monday, Den'S Byrne of Lymm, for stabbing David Ashley twice after being struck with a poker during a public-house row, was sentenced to three months' imprisonment. Sankey Harriers and A.C. The above club had a good muster last Saturday. Starting from the Black Horse the pack proceeded across Burtonwood and Bold, returning through Penketh, with a break from Sankey Chapel House The turnout was captained by Joseph Riley. All the runners are in go d. form, and some good results are anticipated this season. GREAT SALE OF BOOTS ,IND SHOEt, HOW' on UNDER THE CLOCK.—Advt.

Daresbury Vicar's Resignation. General regret is felt in the Daresbury parish at the inpending departure of the Rev. F. Clifton-Smith who during his three years' residence in the district as the Vicar of All Saints Church, has made himself very popular. A few days ago, Mrs. Park Yates, of lace Hall, near Chester, offered Mr. Smith the living of St. James's, lace, and he has accepted it, intending to commence duties there in about three months. Concert in Aid of a Cripple. A concert was held in the schoolroom, Croft, on Saturday, the object of which was to raise funds to send James Allen, a cripple boy resident in the village, to Blantyre to be treated by Mr. Rae. The concert was largely attended, Mr. Cawthorne presid- ing. An excellent programme was submitted and as the result of the venture a sum sufficient for the pur- pose in view was realized. FOR CLASS AND CHINA of every description try i. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street. Warrinaton.—Advt. Licensing Changes. At the Warrington Police Court on Wednesday Councillor Rogers applied for temporary authority, to sell at the King and Queen Hotel, Padgate-lane,in of Frederick Clare. The anplication was granted; At the same Court Mr. S. Beamont was granted temporary authority to sell at the General Wolfe Inn in lieu of Councillor Rogers. New Cheshire Magistrates. At the Cheshire Quarter Sessions on Wednesday, the following qualified as magistrates : Mr. John M. Frost, Upton-by-Chester ; Mr. J. W. Macfie, Rowton Mr. J. U. Hodgson, Higher Bebington •, Mr. E. 11...a.P' lett, Winsford ; Mr. C. E. Davenport, Nantwich LAT.' T. D. Timmins, Frodsham ; Mr. John Littler, Beni; corn; Mr. H. J. Houghton, Wallasey: Mr. C. BE" Norley ; and Mr. Joseph Hoult, Thornton• Hough. GREAT SALE OF BOOTS AND SHOES ROW oott UNDER THE CLOCK.—Advt.

The Wesleyan Church for Stockton Heath. We learn that it has been decided to erect a new Wesleyan Church on the site of the present church ie Walton-road, Stockton Heath. The matter of the erection of the building has been exercising the raiodcei of the trustees and congregation for some years an it has been felt that the present building was inede" quate for their requirements and they have only beea waiting for the opportune moment which they consider has now arrived.—lt is reported that the new build- ing will be of a handsome nature as it is intended to meet the needs of the people and also to make the same worthy of the Wesleyan cause in the district. Trinitarian Bible Society. The annual meeting of the Warrington Auxiliari of this society was held at Academy-street Chapel ~°l2" Wednesday evening. The chair was taken by Henry Eyes, of Appleton, who presided over a large audience. Mr. Albert Wright, the local hon. secre" tary, presented a most encouraging report announciag, more than 84 subscribers. The receipts lee; year amounted to £l6 Bs. 7d. (which includeu, 15s. collected at the annual meeting in 1903./ The collection on Wednesday amounted to .F.,4 12s. 3d. and it was hoped that a similar increase would be seen in the total amount sent up in March next. Dr- Bullinger gave an address on The word of God, ltfes truth and its power," giving many interesting Pre° of the one, and many blessed illustrations of the latter' Mr. William and Mr. Joseph Twiss and Mr. R. Storey also took part in the meeting. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the RISC, 0! TONICS. I 63. SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—A"l". , Warrington Conservatives. I Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., presided over a naeetiq lof the Council of the Warringtim Conservative Assoc'. ation which was held on Monday night. On the Imotion of Alderman Francomb, seconded by Mr. J. T- Boardman, Mr. John White was re-elected cliairmaa of the Council for the ensuing year. Mr. White briefly replied, and said he believed they were on the eve of a general election, and he was not one Ache would desert his post at a time when there was a figl?t before them. Therefore, he wanted to place 11 services once more at the disposal of the party ant' that election was safely over and safely woe' (Applause.) On the motion of Alderman Smethurst, seconded by Mr. William Jolley, Alderman Francomb, was re-elected vice-chairman. On the motion ar Councillor Hulse, seconded by Mr. W. E. Fowler, the Finance and General Purposes Committee were re- elected, with the addition of the name of Mr. Sol Greenall. FIRE GRATES of every description.—J. S. GAB' • LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 559 Bridee-street,Warrinei.n—Advi. Drowned In Latchford Locks. An inquest was conducted at the Dog and pert' Grappenhall, on Tuesday by Mr. H. C. Yates, coroner' touching the death of Patrick Kenny, aged 23, ,rfer°l labourer, Martinscroft, who was drowned in the Daelr chester Ship Canal on Sunday night.—The evidence showed that deceased and two friends went to GraPPen; hall on Sunday and after having had some drink 3 the Church Inn they set out for home about ten o'clock. They proceeded to Latchford and deceased stated that he was going return to Grappenhall. His friends left him and crossed the smaller lock when they heard a splasa Deceas3d had evidently decided to follow them 33 s had missed his footing. The lock-master, Jainie Marshall, also heard the splash and immediatei switched on the electric lights, but could not se anyone in the water. Grappling and diving (Wel tions were commenced, but the body was not recover until 12.30 on Monday afternoon. There was no picion of foul play.—A verdict of "Accidental death was returned. GREAT SALE OF BOOTS AND SHOES now 013 UNDER THE CLOCK.—AdVt. Workingmen's Mission, Bank Quay. The members of the young ladies class, togethoer with a few friends, assembled in the above scnoolrce on Tuesday evening, at the invitation of the teaelvlf, of the class(Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Tanner.) The to the number of about 60, sat down to a substani!al tea, to which full justice was done. After tea asec);r, evening was held, Mr. T. Dale occupying the ..,,chte Instrumental selections were rendered by Miss v Miss Tilling, and Messrs. Vane, Osborne and Atkine°by A few selections on the gramophone (kindly lento° Mr. H. Foden) caused much amusement. . ial remainder of the evening was spent in a convir:to manner, and a pleasant entertainment was brougia" a close by the singing of the National Antheol• novel feature of the social was that each lady atteafor ing presented some, article, to be put on one sidie,i l the Sale of Work which it is intended to hal"daa February or March next year, in aid of the neir ars- - fund. A goodly number of useful and ornacaer articles were got together as a result of the tneet'il'

===== 0002601_19041022_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Parr Hall Services. The service will be held as usual to-morrow 0'7°113 when Mr. Dunnico will preach upon the subject. of man a machine "? The soloist will be Mr. Iludie Liverpool.

Baptist Church, Latchford. • tile The anniversary services in connection scith „del' pt Bi ist Church, Latchford. were held on Stl- 0 Pen the preacher was the Rev. J. C. Elder, of Mii,ltiong hurch, Acton Bridge. Mr. Elder, besides preas,%o's morning and evening, gave an address at the chill'r son Baptist service in the afternoon, over which Mr. S. Albuirlie presided. The church was full in the evening. ve't, choir sang an anthem at each service, Mr. ' Harrison presiding at the organ.

: o 0 The body of a man was found on Wednesday mg-4.-.0:1 the line near Headingley Station, on the North-Eas':di Railway. The head was severed from the 13`.10.. apparently by a passing train, though under what cirguries stances has not as yet been ascertained. On inclitiodY being made by the police, it was found that was that of John Matthews (41), a stockcutter, reslaL" aFountain Grove, Kirkstall.

THE INQUIRY REPORT OF COUNS. J. WILKINSON, JAMES EVANS AND A. PEACOCK. i;ompiete Divergence from the Non- Traders' Report and Upholding of the Corporation.

Late last evening we received a copy of the report of Councillors Wilkinson, James Evans and A. Peacock, who were present at the last 13 sittings of the Commission on behalf of the Corporation. We are unable to give it in full,but the following account contains the most essential parts. After quoting• from the Municipal Corporations Act, the report continues : Town. Hall, Warrington, September, 1904.

DEAR MR. MAYOR, In accordance with the terms of our appointment, we have in conjunction with the representatives of the Non-Trading Association duly enquired into all the matters referred to us. We have carefully perused and considered the whole of the shorthand notes taken daring the sittings held by our predecessors from the 22nd September, 1903 to the 21st July, 1904,as set out in the printed minutes with which we have been furnished. Since our appointment there have been 13 sittings of the Commissioners and the evidence tendered has been fully reported, making the total number of sittings held 69. We consider that the whole of the shorthand motes are of sufficient importance to v,arrant the ex- pense of re-printing, and the ratepayers being supplied with copies at a nominal charge. The list of shareholders referred to shows that tha number and value of shares held by members of the Council past and present (with one exception) are infinitesimal compared with the capital of such Com- panies. The list also shows five Officials of the Council hold or have held shares in five Companies trading with the Council. The total capital of these Companies is ,e 1,130,000 and the total value of shares .heldby Orhcials £2,100, which is less than one-fifth of one per cent. It may be interesting to know that the total capital of the Companies as shown by the return prepared 'from the Registers at Somerset House was £11,708,001, and the value of shares held by members of the Council and Officials in such Companies £134,019, which is equal to one and one-seventh per cent. A perusal of the shorthand notes taken both prior to our appointment and since, proves emphatically that whilst several gentlemen have been severely and in our opinion unjustly attacked, the main object of those who promoted the recent agitation has been directed -principally against one Company. The following statement prepared by Mr. C. W. Davenport shows the value of materials supplied by the Warrington Slate Co. Ltd. to him as Contractor for works carried out for the Corporation during the seven _years covered by the Inquiry : Materials supplied Contract by the Price. Warrington Slate Co Ltd. £ s.. d. Electric Light Station New Police Buildings New Technical Schools 13,649 1,778 0 0 Delph-lane Pumping Station 9,271 1,829 0 0 High Warren Reservoir 6,748 52 0 0 Sanatorium, Sankey

76,202 11,983 10 0 The following particulars were supplied by Mr. J. B Johnson the Contractor for plastering, &c., in connec .tion with tha undermentioned buildings : Materials supplied by • the Warrington Slate Co. Ltd. £ s. d. Electric Light Station 75 10 5 Police Buildings Hill Warren Reservoir 670 14 4 Sanatorium

2845 3 11

The above figures were supplied by Mr. J. B. Johnson on the terms and conditions set out in the following letter. (A copy of this letter is included in the report), The amount paid to the Warrington Slate Co. Ltd. by the Contractor for the Delph-lane Waterworks I •Extensions was an. By the addition of an estimated I -sum of say £2OO paid to the Company by various Con- tractors on the above works we find that the indirect-1 trading done by the Warrington Slate Co. Ltd. with the Corporation on the above contracts was £13.677 •13s. 11d. The total amount paid to the Contractors to date on the above Works according to the statement prepared by the Borough Treasurer is £93,103 13s. 10d. No further evidence has been laid before the Com- missioners relating to the amount of indirect trading by any of the Limited Liability Companies in which members or officials of the Council were interested with respect to other contracts of the Corporation. A suggestion WAS made that as Mayor's Auditor, Ex- Councillor A. J. Jolley and Mr. Alderman Bennett had illegally received payment of the same fees for audit- ing the corporate accounts as were paid to the Elective Auditors. WA find this suggestion without foundation and untrue, the Town Clerk advising that the payment of such fees is perfectly legal. We naturally thought that after the statements and allegations which were made by the agitators previous to the Inquiry, and by Mr. Councillor Dodds in par- ticular, that the gentlemen appointed by the Non-Trad- ing Association would have been prepared with some definite data to work upon. This, to our surprise! was , not the case, not only did they refuse to give any infor- mation, to the Commissioners as to the names of persons willing to come forward to substantiate the statements made by them and others from time to time, but they took no steps so far as we can see to secure evidence in support of such allegations. We would point out that not a single definite charge of any kind has been made against an individual member or official of the Corporation throughout the Inquiry. Adve- rtisements were inserted on several occasions in the local newspapers, inviting evidence and asking for statements in writing to be sent to the Commissioners, but without -any response. An attempt has been made to show, that Ex-Coun- cillor William Roberts has beeu guilty of' immoral' trading with the Corporation becauie he was the paid Secretary of a Limited Company trading with the Cor- poration to the extent of say £lOO a year; yet we find the firm of which Mr. Councillor Dodds is the paid Secretary doing trade with the Corporation to the ex- tent of say £5,000 a year. We are unable to see how one case di ff ers from the other. If it is wrong in one case it is wrong in the other, but we are advised there is nothing illegal, and in our opinion nothing improper in either case. We now propose to deal exclusively with matters aris- ing since our appointment. The greater part of the time of the last 13 sittings was spent in questioning officials and searching Specific- ations, Bills of Quantities and Tenders in order to find out if any and what indirect trading had been done by members of the Council and Officials of the Corporation. No evidence was brought forward to prove that there bad been any illegal or 'immoral" trading by members of the Council or officials. We decline to believe that a single ratepayer with the welfare of the town at heart would agree for one moment that our local merchants should not quote, in open competition, for articles manufactured in the town, because a particular Company happened to have a Shareholder or paid Secretary who was a member of the Council. If such a contention could be upheld it would be the means of depriving our local workingmen of employment: whilst the legality of such a transaction is beyond all doubt. The following is an example of what would be immoral if the opinion of some individuals was accepted: —A obtains a contract from the Corporation and sub- lets a portion of the work to B, who in turn purchases some of his material in the ordinary course of business from C, a Limited Liability Company which has a Shareholder a member of the Council. We leave to the 'common sense of the Council and the Ratepayers the answer to this remarkable piece of sophistry. A suggestion was made and an attempt to prove it by hearsay evidence that the tenders for the construction of the Tramway permanent way in 1901 were improperly opened by the then Mayor. No evidence was brought forward to substantiate the allegations but on the con- trary it was proved that the tenders were dealt with in a straightforward manner. The following are the facts as proved by evidence in connection with this matter : At a meeting of the Tramways Committee held on the 13th March, 1901, at which eight out of a possible tfn members were present, the Town Clerk reminded the Committee that the tenders would be in before the next ordinary meeting. The Committee appointed the Chairman (Mr. Henry Roberts) and the Deputy-Chair- man (Mr. F. W. Monks) as a Sub-Committee to open and initial the tenders, and instructed the Town Clerk to forward them afterwards to Messrs. Preece and Cardew for report. The tenders had to be delivered before 12 o'clock on the 27th March, 1901, in accordance with terms of the advertisement. Arrangements were made for the Sub-Committee to meet at the Town Hall on this day about 5 o,clock. The Chairman attended, but the Deputy-Chairman telephoned to the Town Clerk stating that he could not attend, and requesting the Chairman to proceed in his absence. The tenders were opened and initialed by the Chairman in thepresence of the Town Clerk and his Chief Clerk (Mr. Spinks) who immediately parcelled up the tenders and despatched -them by rail to Messrs. Preece and Cardew. (A schedule of tenders for Tramway Work is here put in by Messrs. Preece and Cardew). We would point out that when Mr. Councillor Dodds appeared before the Commissioners on the 6th June last he stated that he could give evidence with respect to the conversation with Mr. Ewart relating to the question of tramway rails which would be corroborated

Iby a member of the Council. The evidence referred to ' was never corroborated; on the contrary it was abso- lutely denied, Jl9 &town by the following letter : Vernon Street, Warrington, ' June 23, 1904.

Dear Sir. I have read the print of evidence given by Mr. J Dodds before the Municipal Trading Committee. The statements made by Mr. Dodds in reference to my con- versation with him on the journey to Liverpool are not consistent with facts. I can only describe it as a garbled "version, in many respectslfalse, and on the whole unreliable. Such a statement,being the recollec- tion of a conversation which took place over two years ago, should never have been made. Yours truly, J. A. EWART.

The most offensive insinuation in this matter,namely, that the then Mayor used information derived by him from the tenders which he opened and initialled, for the purpose of obtaining business in connection with the supply of rails for the tramways, is shown to be absolutely baseless by the fact that the tender did not contain the name of the Company from whom Mr. Ewart intended to obtain his rails.

The question of the supply of fuel to the Electricity 'Works has been fully inquired into. (A statement is here put in by Mr. Matthias, the Electrical Engineer, giving details of coal contracts.) The report goes on: It will be observed from the above figures that the greater part of this fuel was supplied by Messrs. ThrntchleySt td. of Notting- ham, and Messrs. J. Pendlebury C0.,d0., of Warrington, and that the bulk of it was purchased without comply- ing with the Standing Order, which requires that when- ever an expenditure of £2O and upwards is involved tenders shall be invited by advertisement in the local newspapers. Evidence was given as to the difficulty in using ordinary fuel with the particular boilers in use at the works; and that during the greater part of the period covered by the above return the Engineer (Mr. (4rimsdale) was experimenting with the object of ascertaining the most suitable fuel. The following is theconclnding naragraph of the report of Mr. Grims- dale to the Cammittee, and dated 19th November, 1902 :

From the above figures there can be no doubt that the Nottingham coal has given the best results, both as to cost and cleanliness. With water-tube boilers it is advisable' even at a slightly increased cost per kilowat hour to use clean coal, as :with a dirty coal and one that clinkers badly the firing doors are opened for long periods when clinkering, admitting cold air to the tubes, causing them to eool on one side, resulting in distortion and fre- quent re-tubing We are of opinion that the action of the Committee throughout was in the best interests of the Corporation; and that there is no evidence of anything of an improper character in connection with these transactions In all the trading transactions which have occurred between Limited Companies and the Corporation (in which Companies' and members of.the Corporation have been interested) there is no evidence whatever of any- thing which could be considered of an illegal or immoral character. In no single instance has any evi- dence been adduced to prove that any member or official of the Corporation who was a shareholder in any of the Companies referred to, has in any way whatever attempted to make use of his position in an improper manner or has abused the confidence placed in him by the Burgesses. We have perused and considered the report of the three Council Commissioners who preceded us which we consider is a fair and honest report and with the finding of which we fully concur. It is to be regretted that as a direct result of the unfounded personal charges of corruption Warrington has been deprived of the services of gentlemen who for many years have done good work for the town and who for reasons whichare more or less obvious have been the special subject of attack during the recent agitation We have pleasure in recording our testimony to the pact that the Olicials of the Corporation have rendered all the assistance they could in the conduct of the Inquiry and we are satisfied that the business of the Corporation has been throughout conducted in an able, efficient and honourable manner.

We are, dear Mr. Mayor, yours faithfully, (Signed) JOHN WILKINSON, ARTEIUR PEACOCK, JAMES EVANS.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE GONDOLIERS."

SUCCESSFUL PERFORMANCES BY MEMBERS OF THE MUSICAL SOCIETY.

Whea the curtain was ruag dowa ou the first pro- duction of "The Gondoliers" by members of the Warrington Musical Society in Parr Hall on Tuesday, it was to the accompaniment of the appreciative acclaims of a crowded audience. Success had crowned the efforts of the entertainers, and the ear-haunting melodies and spicy humour of one of the most popular of the Gilbert-Sullivan collaborations had given manifest pleasure and amusement. A stranger would probably have been surprised to learn that it is but twelve months since the opera company made its first public appearance. Its formation mlrked an entirely new departure in tke history of the Musical Society and of local amateur musical productions. For years the musical society has itself with commendable zeal concentrated its efforts on the interpretation of classical works, but owing to lack of general supp t a financial deficit gave rise to anxiety. Some of the bolder spirits conceived the idea of catering for the popular taste by producing an opera in the hone 9f placing the society on a sounder footing. The public response was equal to the rosiest expectations, and the complete success which attended the performances of The Yeomen of the Chard " is still fresh in the minds of Warringtonians. It was only in accord with the generally expressed wish, that a second operatic venture was embarked upon, and the choice of "The Gondoliers" Proved most poplar, albeit it was an ambitious one. The',, work bristles with so many difficulties for both chorus and principals that many amateurs might hesitate to attempt to surmount them, but to the credit of the opera company be it said that they entered whole-heartedly into the rehearsals, and Tuesday found them quite prepated for the raising of the curtain. From beginning to end the performances have gone with a delightful swing, and recalls have been the order of each evening. The enthusiasm evinced testified eloquently to the favour which amateur opera has already found in Warrtngton, and must in itself have been fall compensation to those who have played so prominent a part in realizing the project. With a charming setting of Italian and Spanish scenery The Gondoliers" is sparkling and tuneful, and an adequate production calls for sustained vivacity as its first essential. It is truly Gilbertian in concep- tion. Imagine a kingdom under the joint sway of two monarchs who, governing on the lines that "all shall equal be," are full of gratitude to their retainers for allowing them double rations, and think it only proper that they should make themselves useful about the Pal.ace by running errands for Ministers of State! Equally unconventional is the distinguished Duke who has suffered himself to be turned into a limited com- pany and "floated at a premium." The opera story binges upon the marriage in infancy of the real King of Barataria, who, through a revolutionary crisis, has been brought up in obscurity unaware both of his claim to the throne and of the fact that he has been united in wedlock when a babe. Of course, there is a pretty entanglement, but the fertile brain and facile pen of the librettist find a happy solution and the finale is realised under conditions of unalloyed bliss. The opera has hardly the variety of incident and certainly not the scope for dramatic powers that "The Yeomen of the Guard" affords, but to compare the two is somewhat unsatisfactory as the works are strikingly different in character. " The Gondoliers " is purely comic and as such abounds in eccentri- cities and sprightly whimsicalities which find ready , acceptance with the audience. The words, which have the true Gilbertian stamp, are wedded to bright and happily-conceived music, but as may be readily I imagined it is by no means easy for concert soloists to accustom themselves to rendering the catchy and in many cases rapidly-moving numbers which have a telling effect. The principals addressed themselves with confidence to the task, and the result was most highly creditable. In order that the reader may see at a glance upon whom the major part of the work devolved, we give below the dramatis personae The Duke of Plaza-Toro (a Grandee of Spain), Mr. C. P. Gough. Luiz (his Attendant), Mr. J. E. Hannan. Don Alhambra Del Bolero (the Grand Inquisitor), Mr. J. W. Bibby. Marco Palmieri, Mr. J. Rabbitt ; Giuseppe Palmieri, Mr. Fred Fieldhouse ; Antonio, Mr. W. Moores; Francesco, Mr. J. Parkinson; Giorgio, Mr. 3. T. Knowles; Annibale, Mr. J. H. Fisher, (Venetian Gondoliers). The Duchess of Plazo-Toro, Miss Emily D. Jeans. Casilda (her Daughter), Miss Arline Harrison. Gianetta, Mrs. Arthur Booth; Tessa, Miss Mabel Henshall ; Fiametta, Miss A. Daunt; Vittoria, Miss M. W. Collin ; Giulia, Miss Willcocks, (Contadine). Inez, (the King's Foster Mother), Miss Willcocks. It will be noticed that most of the leading characters found a place in the cast of last year, but 'Miss Arline Harrison and Mr. J. E. Hannan made their debuts as principals. Before the first opera, there was naturally much speculation as to how performers who were figur- ing for the first time in such important roles would acquit themselves. The laurels then gained inspired the public with every confidence that justice would be done

o "The Gondoliers." Nor were expectations belied, for there was a unanimity of opinion that the parts were )f siagularly uniform excellence and could hardly have be 3n better placed. When the uprising curtain had !isaloSed a brilliant scene on the Piazetta, Venice, the Lis 3111 Aly had not long to wait for a foretaste of the fascia tams; things th it were to rivet their attention throughout the evening. The buoyant gondoliers hiving ,ninglei with the gay company of contadine, the sang and chorus For the merriest fellows are we" was soon in progress with rare zest. Mr. W. Moores was a rollicking Antonio and his bright singing of this little I solo part combined with clever dancing and a lively chorus called forth an encore. But it was the advent of Marco and Giuseppe—the "two for whom in duty every maid in Venice sighs "—that roused enthusiasm to a higher pitch and the attentions lavished on these favourites by their fair admirers on the stage must have been embarrassing. Mr. J. Rabbitt is to be congratu- lated upon a triumph as Marco. He realised to the full the possibilities of a part brimful of gaiety and gallantry. As vocalist and actor he excelled himself, and his powerful and rich voice, used to the best advantage, moved the audience to enthusiastic acknowledgments. His soulful rendering of "Take a pair of sparkling eyes" in the second act was quite the crowning song of each evening, and the assembly would not be satisfixi without two repetitions of the last verse. Mr. Fred Fieldhouse made a dashing Giuseppe and he was thoroughly at home in both singing and acting the part. His singing especially was effective, although at times his enunciation was not quite clear. Giuseppe's chief effort was the song "Rising early in the morning "descriptive of the arduous day's work of a republican monarch, and considering the length and difficulty of this number, his interpretation was most creditable—so tuuch so that later in the week he was invariably encored. The sparkling duet "We're called Gondolieri " by Marco and Giuseppe found good scope for sweetly blending the voices of the Gondoliers. There was a pretty and animated scene when Marco and Giuseppe, securely blind-folded, chose their brides from the group of contadine, this novel way 'of " letting impartial Fate select their mates," creating no little hilarity. The choice of Gianetta and Tessa was received with great applause for the two ladies who achieved such high honours in last year's opera were again at this moment brought into prominence. The renewal of the acquaintance, in the operatic realm, was a happy one, and all who wit- nessed the performance were loud in their praises of the vocal and histrionic talents of these two favoured of the contadine. Mrs. Arthur Booth greatly enhanced her reputation, infusing just the life and crispness into her portrayal of Gianetta which such a charming part requires. She also made the most of the dramatic side, and the pleading song " Kind sir, you cannot have the heart our lives to part" was given with such exquisite feeling as to be encored at every performance. Her beautifully sweet and flexible voice was here heard at its best, and when the concluding words were reached the rounds of applause that broke forth were seen to be no empty compliment. Miss Mabel Henshall, as Tessa, was vivacity personified. In her case actions conveyed almost as much meaning as words, and from the very first she was a favourite with the audience. There was an irresistible piquancy about her singing and acting which could hardly have been improved upon. Her most successful song was of course "When a merry maiden marries" and so admirably did she treat this number that t'.ere was a emphatic recall each evening. The quartettes by the I four leading characters we have mentioned were delight- I ful features of the opera. Particularly bright and tuneful was the one ending with the lines "Oh! 'tis a glorious thing I ween to be a regular Royal Queen." Thearocalists entered thoroughly into the spirit of the thing, and brisk vocalisation allied with droll actions at once stamped the effort as a great success. The cry of "encore!" was loud and persistent at each perform- ance and had to be responded to. Anlitem decidedly unique of its kind was the quartette "In a contempla- tive fashion." It was laughable in the extreme to see how the calm and sedate method of disentangling the knot developed into a heated wrangle, and having regard to the peculiar technical difficulties attending the in- terpretation of this quartette the fact that it was often encored is a striking testimonial to the excellence of its interpretation A comical character indeed was the Duke_ of Plaza-Toro who despite straitened. I , circumstances laid claim to enormous social in- fluence, and Mr. C. P. Gough who scored such a success last year was thoroughly at home with the part. He was a paragon of dignity and deportment, and his triumphal entry in the second act with the Duchess and Casilda. attired in gorgeous raiment and carrying a huge bouquet was most effective. The orchestra struck up martial music, there was an imposing proces- sion of heralds and halberdiers, and as a spectacle this feature took the fancy of the audience immensely, and each evening there was enthusiastic applause. The Duke's song "In enterprise of martial kind," in which he recounts his valiant deeds in the field, went with a fine swing, although the words were not always quite dis- tinct, and during the week this number has been more than once encored. Miss Emily D. Jeans comported herself with fitting hauteur as the Duchess and showed herself to be possessed of a fine contralto voice by her interpretation of "On the day when I was wedded," which last evening received a well-merited encore. She was associated with the Duke in the duet "Small titles and orders " which as a piquant recital of congenial means of adding to one's income was a great hit. Miss Arline Harrison won unstinted praise as Casilda, the Duke's daughter, and her debut in opera must be re- garded as most promising. She acted with an easy grace moderated by a pleasing self-command, and charmed the audience with her tasteful and expressive singing. The deeply sentimental scene with Luiz, after the Duke's startling disclosure of her marriage in babyhood, was one of the prettiest and most interesting features of the first act. Mr. J. E. Hannan also created a favourable impression as Luiz— at first the dutiful " suite "and afterwards king—and although his voice and style do not constitute him quite an ideal lover, he aquitted himself with much credit. The duet "There was a time" in which Casilda and Liz were alliedavas a gear of harmony,and rounds of applause rewarded the vocalists. The charm- ing gavotte commencing "I am a courtier grave and seri- ous" was encoredat each performance. The courtly way in which the Duke,in conjunction with the Duchess and Casilda, sought to instruct the mcnarchs to "combine a pose imperious with a demeanour nobly bland" was quite a treat', and the closing stately dance provided a charming spectacle. Mr. J. W. Bibby achieved a no table success in the rote of Don Alhambra del Bolero, for which both his fine voice and dignified bearing admir- ably fitted him. His dignity, however, was never oppressive, and even when expressing mild dissent from republican ideas, there was always a sly twinkle in his eyes and a quiet humour in his dialogue. It was indeed amusing to see how the Grand Inquisitorial sternness was relaxed when assailed by the fascinations of Gianetta and Tessa. The Inquisitor also sang with a hearty robustness which found general favour, and he was encored for spirited renderings of," I stole the prince" and" There lived a king," every word being clearly heard. Miss Willcocks ably impersonated Inez, the king's foster-mother, who amid breathless suspense makes the announcement fraught with such import to the main participants in the opera. The other minor characters , were in the capable hands of Miss A. Daunt, Miss M.W. Collins, Mr. Parkinson, Mr. Knowles and others and all did justice to their parts. One could, not fail to be impressed by the spirited rendering of the choruses, all of which indicated a most careful training and patient study. The voices were nicely balanced, the attack was strong, and there was almost always that attention to light and shade which forms so essential a part of an adequate interpre- tation. In the finale to the first act the volume of sound was particularly fine, and the smartness of" se, here we are, at the risk of our lives," when the con- tadine broke in upon the seclusion of the palace was really admirable. But the most beautiful and ani- mated scene of the opera was undoubtedly witnessed amid the picturesque surroundings of the palace of Barataria, when gondoliers and contadine entered into the delirious gaiety of the Cachucha dance. The brilliant costumes of the rapidly moving dancers, the vane- coloured ribbons attached to inspiriting castenets waved aloft, and the lively, swinging music, all com- bined to produce a climax which took the house by , storm. Thrice was "the reckless delight of that wildest of dances " engaged in, and on each occasion the onlookers evinced their approbation by enthusiastic plaudits. With a grand chorus involving a modified repetition of the dance Warrington's second amateur opera—which we hope will be /the forerunner of a long series—came to an animated close. The interest throughout was unflagging, and each evening the principals were called before the curtain to receive a deserved ovation. There were also vigorous calls for the stage-manager and conductor, and they too had a great reception on responding. On Wednesday evening a magnificent basket of flowers was presented to Miss Arline Harrison, on Thursday a splendid bouquet to Miss Mabel Henshall, and last evening there was be- stowed upon Mrs. Arthur Booth an embarrassing wealth of floral tributes—a huge basket of flowers and two lovely bouquets. All the principals are to be complimented upon the admirable restraint and self- command which characterised their performances after the first night, the result being that every humorous point and every quip and crank was brought home to the audience in quite a professional sort of away. The orchestraselected from the society's members was we understand, entirely amateur in its composition. It rendered most capable and loyal service, for like the vocalists the various instrumentalists had devoted them- selves assidugusly to the work of preparation,and it was no doubt gratifying to all concerned to know that they contributed in a most essential measure to the happy consummation. The overture and several introductory passages—notably the one which heralded the approach of the Ducal party—were given in rousing style,and the tasteful accompaniment of the many quieter numbers was much appreciated, although the" wood-wind" and the "brass " were not perhaps always quite in tune with the strings. Mr. F. EL Crossley wielded the baton with customary skill. He has throughout taken the deepest interest in the production of the opera ancl he is to be complimented upon having piloted the company through the many musical intricacies of" The Gondoliers." The society had been fortunate in again securing the services of Mr. E. Thornley-Dodge as stage manager and dramatic instructor. The performance itself was the best testimony to the tact and ability which he had brought to bear in the discharge' of his onerous duties, and a large share of the credit for the

splendid success of the opera will b ..ungrudgingiSi accorded to him.

I Mr. J. Newcombe was an indefatigable hon. secretary ' and treasurer. There were packed houses on Wednesday, Thursday, arid Frilay evenings, and judging from the demand for seats the hall will again be filled to its utmost capacity this evening. The souvenir programme has commanded a ready sale. It contains a summary of the music and story of the opera and is embellished with excellent photographs of the principal characters and of the officials, Mr. F. H. Crossley, Mr. E. Thornley-Dodge and Mr. J. Newco mbe.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Rugby Football.

(By " Ovalist.")

Salford. This was a severe blow to the colliers, who had fancied themselves quite invincible at home, and deprived them of the joint-leadership of the League. Leeds easily accounted for Leigh and are now at the head of affairs, with a clear margin of 2 points. Oldham, Hunslet, and Wigan are all on the same mark. Runcorn continued their improved form and took down the wakefield men by 10 points to nil.

The League table up-to-date is as follows :- -For— —Against—

P. W. L. D. G. T Pts. G. T. Pts. Pts. Leeds Oldham Hunslet Wigan 7... 5... 2... 0... 4 11— 41... 7 5 29-10 Bro't'n R 7... 4._ 2... 1... 6 14— 54... 9 4 30... 9 Bradford 7... 4... 2... 1.., 3 12— 42... 8 10— 46... 9 Swinton 7... 4... 3... 0... 5 11— 43... 8 7 37... 8 Salford Hull 7 4. 3. 0. 5 8— 34... 9 11— 51... 8 Warr'gt'n 7... 3... 3... 1... 7 12— 50... 4 8— 32... 7 Halifax Runcorn Hull K.R 8... 3... 5... D... 9 7 39... 4 9 35... 6 Widnes Batley: 7... 2... 5... 0...11 9 49...13 14— 68... 4 Wakefield 7... 2... 5... 0...10 3 29... 9 11— 51... 4 Leigh St. Helens 7... 1... 6... 0...11 8— 46...0 25 97... 2

Misfortune c3rtainly dogl Warrington's foot- steps on Satarday. Thoug'i d3feated at Oldham. they had all the best of the gyna and with the slightest bit of lick would have WJCI comfortably. Under another referee—xith all die respect to %%J. Smith —it is conceivable that the result might have been different, and most of those people from Warrington who witnessed the game would go further than this. But Ido not believe in blaming the referee when a team loses,evea though he may have appeared unjust. Nevertheless gr. Smith's refereeing has had singularly unfortunate results for; Warrington on those occasions recently when he has officiated. Llst Saturday, when- ever Warrington got on, the attack in the first half of the game, and indeed up to threequarter time, the invariable result was a penalty. The players may have been in the wrong but it is remarkable that in so open and pleasant a game only one side should come under the ban of the referee, and then usually when attacking. If the faults had been apparent nothing could be said, but in nine cases out of ten no one but gr. Smith had any idea why a penalty was given. There is no question that if the game had gone on with less interruptions from the whistle, Warrington would have obtained a substantial lead. As it was they scored as many tries as their opponents, and in addition they claim that one m.)ra at least should have been allowed.

Warrington" " had a most exciting match with the Oldham reserves, and just managed to scramble home one point ahead—a ;pod performance seeing that Knight and Short were absentees. The Warring- ton lads are as yet undefeated, but I fear the record will gat bestuurched to-day. They are triers, how- ever, and Wigan " A " will have to go all the way.

The combinatioa table to-date is : P. W. L. D. G. T. Pts. G. T. Pts. Pts. Wigan (A).. 5... 5... 0... 0...18 33-135... 4 2 14...10 Chadderton. 5... 4... 1... 0...10 12— 56... 4 7 29... 8 W'gton (A) 3... 3... 0... 0... a 7 31... 0 7 21... 6 B'gh'n R(A) 4... 3... 1... 0... 5 18— 62... 2 2 10... 6 Leigh (A)... 4... 2... 2... 0... 4 9 35... 4 5 23... 4 Runcorn(A) 4... 2... 2... 0... 1 7 23... 4 7 29... 4 Widnes (A). 4... 2... 2... 0... 4 5 23... 7 14— 56... 4 St.H. (A)... 6... 2... 4... 0... 5 10— 40... 9 19— 75... 4 Oldham (A) 4... 1... 3..: 0... 5 12— 46... 5 6 28... 2 Salford (A) 4... 1... 3... 0... 2 5 19...11 12— 58... 2 Swinton(A) 4... 1... 3... 0... 0 5 15... 5 13— 49... 2 R'd'leH.(A) 5... 0... 5... 0... 1 1— 5...14 24-100... 0

One of the most exciting matches of the season is down for decision at Wilderspool to-day. Wigan were here twice last season and succumbed each time, but they are as confident as ever of beating Warrington on their native heath. I can't imagine them doing anything of the kind, though they are admittedly a strong side, in the light of Warrington's form at Old. ham. In any case with a representative team up Warrington should prove the conquerors. Last week the Wiganers had 15,000 spectators, and a good num- ber of them are sure to follow the team to-day.

Tt-e game was one of the best I have seen. Oldham are a side which goes in for scientific football and abhors spoiling tactics, and with Warrington operating on similar lines there was an abundance of open play. When a scrummage was formed in mid- field you would see both sets of backs lined out at the proper angle behind the pack. and not lying up level with the halves in order to scnother one another. The result was a display which would have done credit to Rugby football under any Union. It was a contest of strength, speed and strategy and honours were just slightly on the side of the losers. They were only beaten by a goal kick and long before the close of the game they were completely overplaying the home team in every department. The Oldham crowd was very thankful indeed when the game ended, for a side never look-3d more like collapsing than their own at this stage.

Though Boardmaa's damaged hand will keep him out of the Warringtou team, they should be strong enough in the pack. It is expected that Harris will turn out to-day, and a warm welcome certainly awaits him. Morrison will come into the forwards.

The full side is :—Hallam, full back; FA, Isher- wood, Dickenson and Harris, three-quarters; I Davies and Hockenhall, half-backs; Preston, Shugars,Belton, Thomas, Cooke, Jolley, Naylor, and Morrison,forwards.

It. was distinctly surprising to find Warrington lasting so much better than Oldham. The latter possess a doughty set of forwards, but they were played to a standstill in the last 2) minutes, and the backs had a very streaky time. Warrington ap- peared to come into form almost at a pump. For half the game they were ordinarily good, but never looked like getting the upper hand. Then all at once they settled down to brilliant football and quite outclassed the opposition which was morally beaten repeatedly. Though the spoils remained with the homesters, still it is exceedingly gratifying to look back upon the excellence of Warrington's dis- play. Their perform-mce augurs well for some of the matches nearly at hand.

Association Football. WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. The following are the Warrington and District League tables up-to-date : Goats

FIRST DIVISION.

P. W. L. D. For ATist Pts. Warrington Albions Stockton Heath Lymm Crostields Warrington St. Mary's 3 1 2 0 0 2 2 Earlestown Y.M.C.A. Thelwall 4 0 3 1 1 2 1 Orford Btrracks

The expectation that Warrington would be able to put a full team in the field was not realised. Harris found that his:leg would not bear the strain, while Hallam also stood down through injuries received in the County trial match. These vacancies resulted in Short and Knight coming into the team, which was not much weakened by the changes. Perhaps a rest will do Hallam good. He has not shown his best form yet.

There was a strong breeze blowing on the Water- sheddings heights, and Oldham had first advantage of it. Consequently Warrington had to fall back early on, but they were hardly prepared for the goal which Ferguson kicked from cantre in the first three minutes. A. Lees had marked and I, personally, was not much concerned when Ferguson placed for a go il-kick. It is not often a punch from half-way is successful, but this was one of the exceptions. The ball would have sailed over the bar had it been 20 yards further away. It was a fine kick and one could have admired Ferguson's prowess had he not tried again about half a dozen times and been nowhere near the mark. "There was an elephant of luck " about the first kick as the humorist says. Anyhow it won the match, for plor Warrington were just a goal behind at the end. They held their own very well up to the interval and looked like crossing over with only 2 points against them, when Civil dashed over splendidly from a pass near the line and made the figures into 5-0.

There seemed less breeze on changing ends, and Warrington were sometime finding their feet. Oldham made a great effort for ten minutes daring which time Spottiswood eluded Fish and Knight and scored. Either man ought to have stopped him but both failed, and another bir, nail was." driven in" the Warrington coffin. They soon kicked the lid off, however, and proved very lively corpses. Oldham nevbr had another "earthly," for Warrington took possession of the game completely, and the home defence was severely tested. Fish was tackled a yard short once more, and Hockenhall appeared to ground the ball under the cross bar on another occasion, while Boardman undoubtedly beat R. L. Thomas for possession and dropped on the ball. Neither effort passed muster with the referee, and Boardman's reward was nothing but a split hand which caused his retirement from the game. Not even this accumulation of misfortune daunted War- rington and they tried every move possible. At last Fish took a long pass and raced through the home backs, but the try was too far out to be converted. Only about five minutes remained and excitement bubbled all round. Oldham were again beaten back and Hockenhall dodged over brilliantly within five yards of the posts. A. goal was wanted to draw and Fish was the kicker! We Warringtonians felc more than hopeful. He could't miss it, surely? Hurrah! No—the flag has not been raised. Hard lines, only ! And it was— very hard lines. The whistle sounded immediately, and Warrington came away the losing but not the beaten side.

I have already indicated that Warrington played a vastly improved game in the second half. The forwards were splendid and in thoroughly beating the home eight they accomplished a big performance. Hockenhall supplemented their efforts with some brilliant play, while Davies was not far behind. The palm must, however, go to the dark-haired lad. The threequarters were equally good, though Short still shows a want of experience and nerve. He has pluck, but he is not a good substitute for Harris. Knight did very well in the rear and one can almost forgive him missing Spottiswood, except that the slip lost the game. On the Oldham side Joe Lawton was in grand fettle, and A. Lees played very steadily, but as a pair they were hardly up to the Warrington halves. Civil and Spottiswood were the best of a smart lot of three- quarters, while R. L. Thomas was good up to half time. Thereafter he fell away, but the pressure on him was tremendous.

The most surprising result of Saturday's games was the defeat of Wigan on their own ground by

CRAWFORD'S

OVAL RICH TEA

BISCUITS.

(In b. Packets Etc.)

THE " CRAWFORD 1 QUALITY.

SECOND DIVISION. Stockton Heath Res Albion Res. Latchford Christ Church Crosdelds Res. 3 2 0 1 2 0 5 Widnes St. Ambrose Warrington Central St. Barnabas 62 3 1 9 11 5 Vulcan A.F.C. 52 3 0 9 11 4 Penketh 4 1 2 1 5 9 3 St. Mary's Res 6 1 4 1 6 11 3 *Warrington St. Paul's 5 1 2 2 10 13 2 Daresbury 5 0 3 2 4 8 2 Widnes St. Paul's 3 0 2 1 2 6 1 * Two points deducted for playing ineligible man.

RESULTS FOR SATURDAY 15TH OCTOBF:R. Crosilelds 4, St. Mary's 1. Lymm 3, Earlestown Y.M.C.A. 1. Albion 3, Thelwall 0. St. Mary's reserve,!, Warrington St. Paul's 2. Central 1, Christ Church 3. Daresbury 0, Widnes St. Ambrose 1. Stockton Heath reserve 2, St. Barnabas 1. WidneslSt. Paul's 1, Albion reserve 3. I\I.4.TCHES FOR SA.TURDA.Y, 22ND OCTOBER. Earlestown Y.M.C.A. v. Orford Barracks, referee, J. Lloyd.. . _

Warrington St. Mary's v. Stockton Heath, referee T. Worrall. Luchford Britannia v. Crosfields,referee T. P.Forbes. Warrington St. Paul's v. Warrington Central referee, F. Clegg. Vulcan v. St. Mary's reserve referee W. H. Crowther. Stockton Heath Reserves, v. Christ Church, referee, H. Singleton. Penketh v. St. Baruabas, referee, J. Mather. Albion Reserves v. Daresbury, referee, J. Walker. Widnes St. Ambrose v. Widnes St. Paul's, referee, C. T. Cox.

In connection with the Warrington Albions Associa- tion Football Club a supper was given at the Feathers Hotel, Bridge-street Warrington on Tuesday, when 50 members and supporters sat down to an excellent hot-pot provided by Mr. and Mrs. Hellen. Among those present were Mr. George Bowman (president) Councilor T. Ashcroft (vice-president). After supper the following programme was gone through :—Toast, "King, Queen and Royal Family" proposed by Mr. G. Bowman (president). Song, "Alice where art thou " Mr. J. Jones ; bone selections, Mr. J. Parry ; toast" Town and Trade of Warrington," proposed by Mr. J. Newton and Conncilior T. Ashcroft responded; song, " The dear old home," Miss Boyd; humorous song, Mr. Auckland; toast "President, Patrons, Committee, and supporters of the Albions A.F.C," proposed by Mr. J. Newton, and the President (Mr. (1. Bowman) and Mr. J. J. Pritchard responded ; song" I've brought the coal," Mr. Dumbell. Mr. Bowman the chairman, in the course of his remarks said nothing cOuld have given him greater pleasure than to be amongst them that night. It was the first time he had. had the pleasure of meeting the Albion players and supporprs in a body and he hoped that they would keep to the top of the Warrington and District League where they were at the present time. When Mr. Bowman concluded, the company sang " For He's a jolly good fellow." Councillor T, Ashcroft proposed a vote of thanks to the Host and Hostess (Mr. and Mrs. Hellen) for the way in which they had catered for them. After this the singing of "Old Lang Syne "brought a m3st successful gather- ing to a close,

Hockey. [By R.G.P.] On Saturday Stockton Heath visited South *Alan- chester, and were victorious by no less than 4 goals to 1. Although we had hopes of victory, yet this was a result that was unlooked for. The South Manchester ground was not in very good condition, and though the present Stockton Heath ground may be rough, yet it certainly-is much better than the South playing pitch.

L. Fairclough won the toss and selected to face the sun. The first half was even, with Stockton doing slightly more attacking. At half-time the score was 2-0. W. Richardson and C. H. Bond having eath obtained a goal. The second goal should have beet saved, but Bond must be praised for scoring; from a very difficult position. In the second half Stockton Heath obtained two more, and South Manchester scored one.

Although the score is so pronounced, the teams were evenly matched, and up to three-quarter time it looked as if South Manchester would at the worst make a draw. But here a great chance took place,and the Stockton Heath forwards seeming to grasp the nature of the position, played with greater energy, and for the rest of the game kept their opponents busily engaged, clear ing the ball from their circle. As it was W. Richardson and H. Kirkconnel managed to score further goals.

Taken on a whole the best team won, but had . the Manchester backs been as good as their forwards we venture to say •South Manchester would again have come out on top.

The Stockton Heath Club have several good half-back this year, as instanced by Eric Fairclough coming into the Ist team as twelfth man, and playing f. game second to none on the field. Why don't the halves try and make openings for their forwards? This is where Huyton's great strength lay. The forwards were shaky, but what

• granted money to bury their dead, and to pray for their souls. All these •guilds were socialistic, in the sense that they aimed at a community of interests for them- The following teams T•-•etcted to play against selves, and the members of their own guilds. But they Bankfield to-day Ist (at home). R. S. Pierpoint (goal) were intensely Protectionist, and selfish, in hunting E. Fairclough and E. E. Woods (backs) J. Richardson, down and persecuting all who were outside their E. Fairclough and J. G. Hatton, halves: C. H. Bond S. brotherhood. Baxter, H. Kirkconnel,W. Richardson,and R. Fairclough lI.—THE LATER GUILDS HAD TO FACE SOME (forwards). Bully off 3 o'clock. Referee Mr. Bellamy, DIFFICULT SOCIAL PROBLEMS. 2nd (away) H. Kertland (goal) P. B. Hawtin and R. I They had not only to manage unskilled and dishonest Pierpoint (backs), J. Houghton, H. Smith, A. Hodgkin- workmen, and ignorant and unruly apprentices, but they son halves):( A. Ferguson, Howard, R. Pierpoint, had to deal with monopolists, who tried to corner the Longdin (W. L.) Skelton (forwards). Train leaves labour market, and buy up their raw material, and they Central Station 1.50. I had to resist the tyranny of kings, and manorial lords. You can take it from me that they had not their,troubles to seek, and theydid not always take the wisest way out of their difficulties, but they did some noble and useful work for the benefit of the workingmen of those days, and they showed us the way to some valuable and far-reaching reforms.l I think I can give you the best idea of their con- stitution and work, by taking a few representative Craft Guildsas object lessons,and giving youa few samples of their rules and regulations. The "Clothiers and Clothworkers' Guild" at Reading included clothiers, clothworkers, dyers, weavers, shuttlemakers, clothdrawers, and ashburners. The first four branches of workmen I have named, paid two pounds each on admission to the guild, and the remainder paid only ten shillings each. Among their rules it is decreed that "no member shall do any work for any customer who is indebted to another brother of the craft." This is a capital idea for the men of our own times, and if we could boycott everybody till they had paid for their clothes, some fine people would soon have to go about in the costume of Father Adam, and Mother Eve, when they had a wardrobe of leaves. In order to prevent the growth of monopolies in any branch of their trade they decreed that "no clothier should weave in his own house cloth for another clothier, under a penalty of six shillings and eightpence for each offence.' Any member using or occupying in his house more than two broad looms was fined ten shillings for each loom. Mr. Aldworth, an ex-Mayor of the town, was by special permission allowed to have four looms. Any weaver proved false in conveying away or detaining yarn or cloth was for ever disfranchised, and he had no claim against the guild. One of their difficulties was the limitation of the rights of the Kings subjects,in the interests of their own craft If a Guild Merchant, who did not belong to their brotherhood,opened a shop in any town, they could only boycot him and persuade the people to have no dealings with him. 'But when they sought further favours from the King, they inserted a clause in their new charter, giving them power to control the shops that sold the goods, as well as the workshops whereithey were made. Under the pretence of searching for dishonest and fraudulent wares, they could enter a shop any time, and makes things very unpleasant for their rivals. • The Tailors' Guild at Newcastle-on-Tyne, in 1536, put a stiff price on outsiders who wanted to4rade there. It decreed that "any person born a subject of the King, and free of Newcastle, may est up a shop, on payment of forty pounds, with a pound of wax and a pot of oil on his admittance, and he must pay eightpence a year to the Miracle Play, and thirteenpence to our Lady Light." Forty pounds was a large sum in those days, and it was a prohibitive price to pay for the privilege of com- peting with the Newcastle traders. One of the rules of this guild says that "no tailor shall work after eight o'clock at night on Saturdays, or OQ Sundays, or vigils or feast days, ' and it discourages night work because the men would not be able to see what they were doing and they might turn out some bad work. The Guild of Cordwainers and Shoemakers at Exeter in 1387 decreed that" every master shall be answerable for his own servants." If you know anything about the doings of the "Prentice Boys " of the Middle Ages you will 71,dmit that this is a large order. It means that the master shall not only keep them in order and make them work while they are in his liouse,but he shall answer for their sins when they are on the rampage in the streets at night. Ale was wonderfully cheap, and they got plenty of it, and as there were neither policemen nor constables to interfere with their mafficking, they a high old time. They were such a terror to peace- able citizens that Corporations decreed that they should "wear their master's badge on their caps or on their coats, that they might be identified and punished. Another rule of this guild decrees that the master and wardens shall search all workshops and houses in the city for badly made boots. If they are made of bad material, or spoiled in the making, they are to be confiscated, and the owner shall be fined, half the pro- ceeds to be paid to the corporation and the other half t) the guild. No craftsman could keep a shop unless he were a freeman of the city and a member of the guild, and he was never allowed to have more than three workmen and one apprentice in his employ. When any apprentice had served his time and paid his fine and been made a freeman, he had to give a silver spoon to the guild, and provide a good breakfast for an the members of his guild. I have no doubt this was the origin of what are called "footings " in our factories and workshops in our own day. lII.—ALL THE CRAFT GUILDS HAD RULES TO REMIND MEN OF THEIR OBLIGATIONS TO THE CHURCH.

can be expected, when a:different centre turns out every match?

S. Baxter and E. E. Woods will be absentees from the Ist, and R. and E. Pierpoint will fill the vacancies. The 2nd will be minas D. Skelton, A. Ferguson, R. and E. Pierpoint, so that they will travel with a weakened eleven. The first will win fairly easily, but the second may ccinae off second best, seeing they are short of some of their best men.

The-following,' are the results of some of last week's matches, played on the ground of the first-named : Eccles 11, Moss Side 0. Flixton 3, Latchford 4. Sale 3, Altrincham 0. Bowdon 4, Bebington 4. Timperlev 1, New Brighton Wanderers 2. Alderley.Edge_ 3, K_ersal 0. •

Oxton 2:, BrOOklitnds 0. Stockton Heath 2nd 1. South Manchester 2nd 0. South Mlinchester 1, Stockton Heath 4. Whalley 5, Preston 4. Kersal 2nd 5, Alderley Edge 2nd 0.

{ The butchers and the victuallers imposed heavy fines 'on any brother who killed or dressed any meat during Lent without a special license from the Abbot or the Mayor. The barbers and hairdressers imposed heavy fines oh their brethren for shaving or hair-cutting on Sundays. In towns where'fairs were held three orifour times a year on Sundays, any barber might exercise his calling while the fair lasted. One rule insists that no bull baiting or bear baiting shall be allowed during service at Church. This rule was so frequently broken in some cases that a fine of one shilling each was inflicted on every house- holder in the neighbourhood of the sports. It looks uncommonly like punishing the innocent for the sins of the guilty, but I have no doubt those who had to pay would make it hot for the sportsmen next time. But the great day of the year was the Guild Feast. It began in the morning with mass at Church. The members marched in ptocession' and answered to their names. Those who were, absent from that service were fined, unless they were too ill to attend, or were on the King's service, or were twenty miles away from home. After service they adjourned to the Guild Hall, where the feast was spread. The tables groaned under the load of beef, and mutton, and fish, and fo.wls, and all manner of good things. The beer was carried round in buckets and pails, and every man helped himself to as much as he could put oat of sight. No fines were imposed for absence from that free feed so far as I can make out, but stiff penalties were imposed on those who became quarrelsome, when the feasting and fuddling was over. The rest of the day was spent with mummers and strolling players, and music, and dancing, and miracle plays. The guild feasts were the origin of our modem club feasts, and wakes, and village holidays. The " rushbearings " in Lancashire were a survival of the times when men carried rushes to the church once a year. and strewed them on the floor to warm the feet of the worshippers. My father used to tell a characteristic story of those good oldtimes. He says that when he was a very little boy he used to go to the Parish Church with his grand- mother. When the wakes were overand the church floor was strewn knee deep with rushes he used to carry her footstool, because she had a mortal fear of the mice that made their home there. One Sunday morning, instead of going to sleep under a dry sermon, he amused himself in looking for mice. Presently one of them climbed the footstool, and sat there admiring his grandmother's dress. Fortunately for the peace of that church s e never saw it, but he sprang off Ais seat and made a bold bid to catch it. The beadle followed him with his whip, and lashed him so smartly with it that he gave up mouse hunting and took to crying. How the guilds were plundered and suppressed after the dissolution of the monasteries by Henry VIII. T must tell you some other day.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
Angling.

The local clubs have now practically concluded their season's engagements so far as matches are concerned. This season has been by far the most suc- cessful of any recorded during the past few years. Not only have coarse fish provided any amount of sport locally, but the fishing acquired in the Bridgewater Canal has given an impetus to local angling affairs that has been much needed, in that anglers have generally seen the advantage of taking the opportunity of joining some club or other and thus becoming entitled to many privileges not otherwise obtained. Fishing is now con- fined more to individual efforts the capture of specimen fish engaging the attention of those who still continue the pursuit of sport amongst the various classes of fresh water fish.

By far the most importtnt event de3idbd last week end was that of the open contest fished under the auspices of the Broadheath and District Angling Society. The event was decided at Broadheath and 115 competitors took out numbers, and fishing commenced punctually at 3.15. The sport yielded was very fair, considering that only sizeable fish ware eligible for weighing. Result :-Ist, R. Grayson, junr., Salford, 13ozs. sdrs. : 2nd, %V. Goodwin, Pendleton, 12ozs. Bdrs. ; 3rd, R. Melling, Wigan, llozs. 13drs. ; 4th, J. Littler, Broadheath, llozs. 3drs. ; sth, J. Jones, Broadheath, llozs. ldr. ; 6th, F. Watson, Broadheath, Bozs. 15drs. ; 7th, W. Bate, Warrington, 80zs. lldrs. ; Bth, A. Pettitt, Broadheath, 7ozs. 15drs. ; 9th, St. Thomas, Warrington 7ozs. 3drs.; 10th, J. Shepherd, Warrington, 6ozs. 15drs. ' 11th, R. Dearden, Hulme, 6ozs. -7drs. .Altogether; 37 competitors registered their catches, and the largest roach was one of 9ozs. 6drs. by J. Jones. A capable committee, drawn from the Broadheath club and superintended by Jr. G. E. Manby, the secretary, controlled the match and every satisfaction was given. The weighing operations were conducted by Messrs. P. Knight, Pred. J. Emson, and A. Range, whilst Mr. J. T. Bates, of Salford &Hoisted as referee. The prizes were distributed at the Cheshire Cheese Inn, Broadheath, immediately after the conclusion of the contest.

Local waters were fairlf well patronised last week- end. Sport was only moderate, however. The Bridge- water Canal yielded a few roach, the largest being taken by a youngster, Alf Miller, at Grappenhall. The fish scaled 12oz. 12drs. audgeon gave a fair amount of sport. The Old Quay did not provide much sport. At odd times, mostly during the week, the roctch and pike have bitten well in the Old River at Lymm, whilst the river Bollin continues to yield a few decent course fish in the lower lengths. Fish of small proportions have proved the order of things from the river Weaver. Some good pike fishing has been spoken of as having been obtained in private waters in Cheshire.

An open fishing competition will be decided in the waters of the Bridgewk.ter Canal at Lymin to-day Satur- day, the committee having control making the Bridge- water Arms their centre and where the draw will take place not later than 2.30 p.m. This early hour is neces- sitated owing to darkness coming on now so soon. The entrance fee is Is. and non-licence holders will be required to pay a bank fee of 3d. in addition. The contest will be fished under the Worsley Fishery Board rules.

An open contest will also be fished at London Bridge to-day, the proceeds to be devoted to a very deserving cause. The Perseverance A.S. are making all arrange- ments.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
Water Polo.

The Warrington team journeyed to Northwich on Tuesday on the occasion of the annual gala at the Salt centre, ant played an interesting match with the local team. The result was a draw of three goals each. In a squadron race the visitors' representatives defeated the hitherto unbeaten Verdin S.C. by four lengths. The Warrington squadron was composed as follows : Walter, Arthur and Charles Azhton, J. Peers, W. Sutton It. Allen and T. Pemberton.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIGHTS RESERVEDI.

SOCIAL SERMONETTES FOR WORKING MEN.

BY JOHN TAYLOR. Author of '6 Search Lights on Land, Labour

and Social Problems." CRAFT GUILDS.

"Craft Guilds were associations of handicraftsmen, (ir artisans, and were separate from the Merchant Guild. If a town was large enough, each craft or manufacture had a guild of its own, though in smaller towns members of various crafts would form only one guilds."—Gibbin's "Industrial History of England." The Craft Guilds were the forerunners of our modern trade unions, and some of them are of great antiquity. The Goldsmith's Guild dates back to the time of the Saxons, and it claimed to have possessed land before the Norman Conquest. The London weavers are mentioned as a Craft Guild, about the year 1100, and many other artisans, and craftsmen of different trades, petitioned our. Plantaganet Kings for charters to enable them to manage their own affairs. Of course these privileges had to be bought; and paid for, because the kings of those days never, gave some- thing for nothing, and they were very chary about limiting their own power, and parting with any of their prerogatives. Some of thd old guild charters throw a flood of light on those medieval workshops, and enable us to see how the craftsmen of those days settled their industrial problems. I.—ORIGINALLY EACH GUILD RAGULATED

ITS OWN TRADE. Nearly all the petitions of charters complained of in- competent and dishonest workmen, who brought dis- credit on their fellows, and who plundered the public, and they prayed for power to weed them out of their ranks.

At first the real work of the Guild was done by a small executive committee of leading men in any particular industry, who were elected to look after the interests of the members, and promote the prosperity of their own craft. Their fundamental principle was that "a member should work not only for his own private advantage, but for the reputation of his fellow- craftsmen, and the good of his trade." The" Bristol Tailors' Guild" complain that 'the craft of tailors in their honourable town is greatly slandered by ribald and dishonest persons, not skilled in the art of clothing, and not belonging to the business." These men spoil the work, and steal the cloth entrusted to them, to the great slander of the town and craft, and to the great damage of the people. So it ordered its masters and wardens to visit every tailor's workshop in the town, and examine and judge the quality of the work. Any misfit or badly- made garment must be confiscated, and the value equally divided between the guild and the corporation. The tailor who spoiled it should recompense the owner of the cloth, and pay all fines and expenses, "so he shall be better advised to cut Well and efficiently the cloth that is unto him delivered to cut." No man of the craft shall be received into the fran- chise or freedom of the guild, "unless he be able, and of good condition, and of good name, and full perfect in his craft." The master and wardens must examine him, and present him to the Mayor of the town as an able, skilful, and honest workman. He must pay his fines and fees, and he must carry on his trade in an open place, where his work can be inspected, and not in chambers,or in corners. He can have no apprentice, or assistant,till he is enfranchised.

As these Craft Guilds increased and multiplied, they elected a master and two or three wardens every year, to punish bad work, and to secure a supply of compe- tent workmen, and to suppress the production of wares by irresponsible persons who were not members of the craft. They also exercised moral control over the members, and fined or expelled all who were guilty of fraud or felony; and in addition to this social police work, they provided against sickness or accident, and

===== 0002601_19041022_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ELECTIONS.

Nominations up to Date. .

Present indications are that the November elections will be much quieter than was at first anticipated. The only:Non-Trading andidate to take the field is as yet Mr. William Benson, and he will oppose Councillor Ellison's I return for Latchford Ward. t is the object of the Non-Trading Association not so much to run candidates of their own and create a separate party in the Council as to aid the return of men of whatever party who share the Association's views on the trading question. We are informed that Mr. James Skelland has been approached by many burgesses of Bewsey Ward with a view to his entering the lists against Councillor Rogers, and he is consider- ing the matter. At a meeting on Wednesday the Trades and Labour Council decided to write to all candidates for election asking whether if elected they would support the adoption of the penalty clause drafted by the Trades and Labour Council, and the retention of the clauses adopted by the Town Council at the September meeting. There will be an interesting contest in St. John's Ward where Mr. J. Fulton Smith will oppose Councillor Thornton. Monday afternoon at five o'clock is the latest hour at which nominations can be received. Up to last evening the following gentlemen had been nominated : TOWN HALL WARD: Mr. W. J. Forshaw ST. AUSTIN'S WARD: Councillor Burton WHITECROSS WARD: Mr. Walter Brough. ORFORD WARD: Mr. John Wilkinson. ST. JOHN'S WARD: Mr. J. Fulton Smith. HOWLEY WARD : Mr. Samuel Davies. BEWSEY WARD: Mr. Wm. Rogers. At a meeting of the Liberal Committee of Latchford Ward last evening Councillor Ellison was thanked for his past services and again invited to become the candidate. He promised to stand. Three nomination papers have been signed on behalf of Mr. William Clegg. of Buttermarket-street, for Howley Ward, in opposition to Councillor S. Davies. We learn that the Liberals of Town Hall Ward have decided to nominate a candidate in opposition to Coun- cillor Forshaw and two names are under consideration.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I, ... :, , .„ _ ,

===== 0002601_19041022_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
j

- I 'r.

i • i . i• ' • • .t? - , 1 ' • 1 i 1 1 . 1 - 141 ~ 11. g I j .11 :-, 11 , ;. ~,. ? t I . 4 • 4 4 .. !„ 1 1 ' „I." , . I- . i •i ' -•'i '''''a • , • 4 , , I . .; ; • I s i • 1 ‘! --•,,i ••, .‘,. . I '4; .1,-... , t t ' J . A , i .1 tit },l 1 i : st , , , .. . _ .. • •., ~ ..,• ,ii 0 I ' ,e) . 1 , . , = ' i 1 1 ,f 1 i .1; i , .i.,1. 1,1;11, J. 4 i •„ ' 1 . , i I, , ' , tti , .3t c.., oz i I • ' .o.` ' 11 ' • t. • . .

===== 0002601_19041022_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BENEFITS OF SCIENCE.

It is seldom that any discovery of science is such as will benefit all classes of people. Some of the greatest discoveries of the age, while they have proved directly beneficial to thousands, have also, at least for a time, injured other thousands. Even some of the best medi- cinal preparations, however much they may do to remove one class of disease, or suit some constitutions, at the same time either deepen the hold of another disease, or leave it entirely untouched, or if they benefit one class of patients, they may injure another. Now the great need of the age is some scientifically arranged preparation which will cope effectually with the pre- valent diseases of this country, which will be certain to do good when fairly tried, which will be equally adopted to the needs of the merchant and the workman, the professional man, and he who wins his bread by the sweat of his brow, the student, the clerk, the factory hand, the miner, and the roadside labourer. It should be, too, such a pre paration as contains no injurious ingredients, and which may be taken with impunity by the weakly child, or the delicate lady, as well as by the stronger constituted man. Such a discovery would deserve to be called The Perfection of Medicinal Preparations, and would indeed be an Invaluable Boon to Suffering Humanity. Now this much needed boon has been found, has been tried, has been proved, and wherever proved, it has been found satisfactory. We refer to Gwilym' Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic, which when once tried, has been always recommended, and has proved successful when all other medicine has failed to give relief, and we may say further, that it has proved per- manently beneficial, when other preparations at best gave only temporary relief. It is strongly recommended as The Best Remedy of the Age for Indigestion in its different forms, such as Sick Headache, Pains in the Side, Giddiness, Loss of Appetite, also for Nervousness and Nervous Disorders, Sleeplessness, Neuralgia, Low Spirits, and all kinds of Weakness. It has often proved very beneficial to persons suffering from great Weakness, either after an illness, long con fineinent to ill-ventilated rooms or any othe cause. it strikes at the source of the Disease, removing the cause of the illness, and strengthens those parts of the system which have been weakened by it, and therefore most liable to colds and other ailments. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters being purely vegetable, it is a Natural Tonic, and suited to all ages at all seasons of the year. It is everywhere acknowledged to be a powerful aid in restoring the body to a healthy state when deranged by disease. If you suspect that your health is beginning to fail, brace up your nerves, and fortify your constitution by now a course of this excellent Tonic, which is sold everywhere in bottles 2s. 9d. and 45. 6d. each, but should any difficulty be experienced in procuring, it, the Proprietors will forward same for the above prices, carriage free. Avoid Imitations. When purchasing,see the name, ‘Gwilyui Evans," on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. Sol!' Proprietors: Quinine Bitters Manufac- uring Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE tHE MAGISTRATES.

SHOCKING WARRINGTON HOME. Some shocking revelations were made at the Warring ton Police Court on Monday, when Kate Riley, 14 Leicester-street, was summoned for causing a nuisance by allowing her house to be in a filthy condition.— Inspector Flood explained that the reason the woman was summoned instead of her husband, was that she was responsible for the existence of the nuisance.—Miss Hoyle, nuisance inspector, stated that she visited the defendant's house on the Bth August and found it to be in a filthy condition. She gave instructions that it must be thoroughly cleansed. She paid several later visits and finding no improvement was made reported the matter to the Medical Officer of Health. The walls and the contents of the house were covered with dirt. William and Kate Riley were then summoned at the instance of the N.S.P.C.C., for neglecting their lour children.--Mr. A. Browne prosecuted, and stated that although the husban4 was summoned it was the wife who was to blame for the neglect. Inspector Hackett visited the house on the 22nd June and found it to be in a shockingly dirty condition. The children were also dirty and verminous. The baby was in such a dreadful condition that one object of the prosecution was to get it in to the unionhospital where it could receive medical attention. If that was a case in which their worships thought the woman should go to prison he suggested she should be sent in the second division so that the child could go with her and while in gaol be medically attended. Mr. Browne pointed out that the woman received from her husband and son 365. per week with which to carry on the house.— Inspector Hackett gave evidence in support of Mr Browne's statement. He pointed out that there was very little furniture in the house and that what little there was,was in a filthy condition. On one occasion when he visited the house he found a quantity of partly rotten vegetable 'refuse lying in the back kitchen.— Kate Riley who pleaded guilty to both charges WaS sent to goal for two months in the seeond division.— Upon William Riley promising to have the house cleaned at once the charge against him was withdrawn. —The magistrates made an order for the defendants' six year old son to,be sent to the Workhouse hospital.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

Minor Cases.

MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Aldermen Smethurst and Francomb, Councillors Thornton and Tinnion, and Messrs. T. Birchall, G. Paling, J. W. Hayward, and S. Wright. LODGING HOUSE KEEPER ASSAULTED. Martin Ireland was charged with assaulting Mary Rogerson, lodging-house keeper, Ship Yard.—Mr. A. Browne, who prosecuted, stated that the prisoner lodged in a house kept by Mrs. Rogerson in Cropper's Brow. On Sunday, the 9th inst. contrary to the lodging-house regulations he went to bed in the afternoon. Mrs. Rogerson was informed of this and she went and told him to getup. He did so and while going downstairs used obscene language. Mrs Rogerson thereupon ordered him out of the house when he struck her a violent blow under the heart. She went to look for the police and during her absence prisoner left the house. Since the blow she had been attended by Dr. Liston. Her ribs were injured and she had suffered very severely from the blow, being 'unable next morning to go upstairs without assistance. —Defendant stated that he was defending himself when he struck Mrs. Rogerson.—A fine of 10s. and costs, together with advocate's and doctor's fees, was in- flicted. BEGGING.—John O'Brien, last from Wigan,was sent so goal for seven days, for begging in Horsemarket-at. on Saturday night.—P.C. Baxendale proved the case. ASSAULT Os THE POLlCE.—Thoma,s Green, last from Chester, was charged with being drunk and disorderly and also with assaulting P.C. Tolley, on Saturday night. —P.C. Jolley said he had occasion to arrest Green for his disorderly conduct, when he struck him several times in the face.—The Chief Constable remarked that prisoner was one of the begging tramps with which the country was infested.—Prisoner: And you are another of them.—Prisouer was fined 10s. and costs (11 Is. in all) or in default 14 days' imprisonment with hard labour. "LAWYER" BECKET AGAlN.—Alfred, or " Lawyer " Beckett made his 16th appearance in the Warrington Police Court, ona charge of fighting on the 9th Oct.— He was fined ss.and costs or in default 14 days' imprison- ment with hard labour.

FRlDAY.—Before Mr. Hepherd (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Councillors John Roberts and Wilkinson, and Messrs. A. J. Jolley, G. Pining, and S. W.

Reynolds. CRUELTY TO A HORSE.—John Priestner, farmer, Appleton, was fined in the costs (s. 6d.) for causing a horse to b 3 worked in an unfit condition.—lnspector Gibson, of the R.S.P.C.A., stated that the horse in question was very lame;and was suffering from ringbone of long standing. When he saw it, it was attached to a light dog cart.—Defendant promised not to lock the animal again.

. Fare Driving : Cabby Inside. At Lymm the other day the unusual spectacle was to be seen of a hansom cabby sitting inside his vehicle, while his farelattired in the driver's livery, tooled the som.—The sequel to this was heard at Lymm on Wednesday, when Ezra Briers, of the Farmers' Arms, Heatley, was fined £4 14s. 6d. including costs for selling drink to a drunken person, viz., Charles Bromley, architect and gentleman :of independent means of Warrington, who was fined 18s. for being drunk in charge of a cab.—A police officer saw Bromley on the hansom, reins in one hand and a glass of beer in the other. He was wearing the cabby's coat and hat, the latter bashed in, and his face was smirched with- mud. On seeing the constable he drove off with the cabman inside, both being drunk. The vehicle swayed about the ,road; and the drive ended at Lymm, where the police had been notified.—For the defence it was denied that Bromley was drunk. rhe cabman had been up all night and was tired, and his fare for fun put on his livery and, smudging his face to avoid recognition drove the h.. Isom.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM GAS REVENUES. An Inquiry and Some Allegations.

Mr. Edmund Pearse Burd, Local Government Board Inspector, held an inquiry at the Lymin Urban Council offices on Tuesday morning into the application of the Urban District Council for the issue of a provisional order to enable them to carry to the district fund all or part of the ,profit arisinr, from their gas undertaking. Mr. Ridgway represented b the Council and Mr. A. Browne appeared on behalf of a large number of gas consumers. Those present included a deputation from the Tradesmen's Association: Doctors Brabazon and Lunt Messrs. W. G. Groves, F. 0. Moston, G. Hoult, and G. Gregson, J. Mullard (clerk to the Council), and others.

Mr. Ridgway stated that when the gas works were taken over in 1872 the price of gas was 6s. Bd. per 1,000 feet, and to-day it was 3s. 3d., though it was 3s. 6d. up to September. For cooking purposes the price was 2s. 9d. The Clerk of the Council had been to a great deal of trouble in obtaining the price of gas charged by other district councils, corporations, and companies with the same output as Lymm, and out of twenty cases there were only two lower than Lymm. The Council must always keep the rates in mind and their intention was to devote such surplus as the Local Government Board might decide might be appropriated from the gas profits to the relief of the rates. Mr. Mullard stated that the profits on the gas under- taking in 1900 were £294 17s. 9d., and in 1904 (all the instalments having then been paid) they were £674. There were 12 miles of mains. He did not know that there was great opposition .to the application in Lymm. There were several gentle-nen highly rated stated to be in opposition to it. Replying to Mr. Browne, Mr. Mullard said a three- penny reduction in the price of gas would mean a loss of profit of £l7O. The future profits would be £5OO per annum. All the amount of the gas works loan of £lO,OOO had come out of the gas consumers and not the ratepayers as ratepayers. Mr. Browne: I think there has been some attempt by the Council to use some of the money, without having power, for the isolation hospital ?—Certainly not. Mr. Browne: Well, where is the mom*,; that is what we want to know ?—ln the hands of the Council,

The Inspector: What about this £2,000 profit? Where is it? _ _ _ .

Mr. Mullard : Partly in the bank and partly due from general account. The Inspector: Then is your district fund over- drawn ?—Yes. _ _

. _ As a matter of fact you have applied some of the gas profits ?—Yes. How much is there now in actual cash in the bank?- 2745 and £1,451 is due from the general account. Mr. Browne: Is the object of the application to pay for the Isolation Hospital ?—I cannot say, but the hospital will have to be paid for. Money might be used for that. When we get the money we will not have the domineering of the Local Government Board, and avoid the necessity and expense of applying for borrowing powers. Mr. Brown.e : Exactly, you want to evade the Local Government Board.

- - Mr. W. G. Groves also gave evidence in support of the application, and said, in answer to Mr. Ridgway, that this application was made with the best intention of benefiting the district and was on the unanimous decision of the Cluncil. Mr. Browne said it was evident on the face of it that the Council had been acting illegally for some time— (" No" from Mr. Wellford and Mr. Moston)—by using gas profits for the general fund instead of money which ought to have been 'obtained directly from the rate- payers. They had only got £754 in the bank from a gas account of £2,000, s Inch showed clearly that £1,400 had gone for general purposes. The true reason of the application was that the Council found themselves in a complete hole and did not know how to get the £1,400 back again without exposing themselves, not only to the ratepayers in general, but to the Local Government Board. He submitted that the Council had not been carrying out their Act, because it said that any surplus should be used for the extension of the works, mains, £c. They had paid the whole of the money they had borrowed to purchase the gas works out of what they had got from the gas consumers, and now, when they had no more to pay, they wanted to take the' surplus profits and use them for the benefit of the ratepayers at large. Mr. Ridgway said the Council had acted in a strictly proper way, and would continue to do so. They were seeking what would result in the greatest good, for the greatest number. On the motion of Mr. Groves, seconded by Mr. Browne, the Inspector was cordially thanked for his courtesy, and the inquiry closed. 'A CONSUMERS AND THE COUNCIL'S APPLICA.TION.

A meeting of the gas consumers was held on Monday evening in the Plough Hotel Assembly Room to con- sider the application of the Urban District Council with respect to the disposal of the gas profits. Mr. A. Watkin presided over a fair attendance. Mr. Watkin at the outset explained the nature of the ' Council's proposals, and went on to say that it was sug- gested that the Council were applying for these new powers with the object of paying the cost of the land and building for the new isolation hospital. Neither he nor any of his friends would object to paying their share for the isolation hospital. but was it fair that the consumers of gas alone should have to pay for it? ("No.") Let everybody pay their share—it was for the ratepayers as a whole. It was certainly not right to make the money entirely out of the gas consumers. (Hear, hear.) Mr. E. R.ansome moved: "That this public meeting called together by the Lymm Tradesmen's Association, desires to record its strong sense of disapprobation of the manner in which the Urban District Council pro- poses to deal with the surplus gas profits, and is of the opinion that the Council's first duty, in view of such surplus and the present high price of gas, is to reduce the price to consumers to 2s. and 2s. 6d. per 1,000 cubic feet for cooking and lighting respectively, with a corresponding reduction on the price charged through slot meters, and that this reduction should come into force before the appropriation of the surplus to other purposes is considered." Mr. A. B. Boumphrey seconded. An amendment moved by Mr. Br.earley that the Council be supported in their application was not seconded, and Mr. Ransome's proposition was carried

===== 0002601_19041022_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
"I OWE MY LIFE TO THEM" What a Lady Says of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

"After my confinement, my blood beeline poisoned, and ulcers broke out all over me. I felt weak and ill, and could not eat or sleep. I often spat up blood." Mrs. "Messh9.m. 78, Annerley-street, Earle road, Liver- pool, thus described the pitiable state from which she was rescued by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They were able to save her because they make new blood ; and they cure a number of other diseases in the same way. This lady's case was a severe one. She said " The doctors ordered me to the hospital. I re- maim wo months and thought I was cured, but

ed there t

the complaintreturned N .A*-:..:::',;:f and I had to stay in bed ~,...,t- , ~10:10,0- ~‹,- ,15::.-f;i1. for eight months. I was /1 ' ..-' -114f‘f,l'il,91-ay"...:2i.,, nothing but skin and I 3.,_, T bone. Thedoctor gave ~..--r` t,. ,• ~,,-„5r.„7„,,, , the. mou, as e„hpo.sfititaahgal,ganhnwtd,ae iamnttsci ~.,...,____, _ .",.. . __ ~..,- i,. cured, but in three ~..' '4 months I was ill again, ''''..--"-- •"-‘,”/ ' and I was told that ' .. , ... ~.. there was . really no • hope." It was not ordinary i--: \_;---------- -- __,...//-' '3dicine which Mrs, essham needed. It +,- '/ '.---',' ---;""'' •\\ • new blood. She 1/41,,,, \,, .s how Dr. Williams' ' . /,' '- r -/... ,' , , i.,:\,i,,':, k Pink gave it her:— . /tity/' lit 'lO, I, i •r!.:,;1"01,\ "The doctor told me l', ..filric,:\O\ I,i r was in a consumption g husband then sug- • v... 1 1 fi ' . 3lrs. Meeshant gestel Dr. Williams' whose life was saeedby Pink Pills. Daring Dr. I,Villiaws' Pink Pills the second box I no- ticed a decided improvement. When four or five boxes had gone, I felt very much stronger, could eat and sleep better, and was in less pain. Seeing that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills were doing mg_. such good, I, of course, kept on with them. The ulcers gradually dis- appeared. In a few weeks after the first dose of the pills I was able to eat and sleep and to do my work. •I feel as strong and as well as ever, and there is no doubt that I owe my life to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People." These pills cure many different diseases because they cure the causes of disease: they make blood. Anmmia, consumption, fits, gout, heart disease, indigestion kidney disease, locomotor ataxy, paralysis, rheumatism, St. Vitus' dance, and all those miseries which women silently suffer, are cured by them. Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Holborn-viaduct, London, send a box post free for 2s. 9d.—six for 13s. 9d.; but they can be had at all medicine shops provided the purchaser insists on seeing Dr. Williams' name on the wrapper.

f:.

was tel!

===== 0002601_19041022_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

The members of the Horse and Jockey Bowling Club; . concluded a successful season on Saturday, when they I decided theifinal rounds of their closing main. Some 1 close games were witnessed and ultimately the winners were declared as follows :-1, Thomas Hackett, sen. 12, John Hall; 3, James Lockett; 4, Thomas Shaw; 5, I D. Daniels; 6, William Mees ; 7 W. Holloway; 8, 1 B. Marshall; 9, Richard Edgington ; Joseph Holbrook, j Thomas Bretherton, John Holbrook, Thomas Davies, I George Higham, James Hardman, John Bolton, John Sudlow, William Atherton. Consolation winners :-1, William Hankinson ; 2, Thomas Harrison ; 3, Richard Parr ; 4, M. Tobin ; 5,H. Lockett; 6,:William Daintith ; 7, A. Abbott. ; 8, Thomas Wells; 9, A. Scott.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 22, 1904.

WARRINGTON EDUCATE 1 COMMITTEE.

BiSIII3SS of the Next Meeting.

The monthly rue3ting of the Eincation Committee will be held at the Town Ei tll 01 Nionday evening when the following among other bniiness will come up for consideration :

===== 0002601_19041022_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
A LOAN RE tUfRED.

At a meeting of the Financial Committee it was re- solved that the sum of £246 be paid to the treasurer and accounting officer of the committee in respect of salaries, printing and stationary, and other office expenses,incurred on behalf of the Education Com- mittee, for the year ending the 31st Nlarch 1905 ; that the Surveyor be instructed to obtain estimates for the additional lavatory accommodation and alterations required at the Technical Institute; alga; that the Town Council be requested to make application to the Local Government Board for consent to the raising of a loan to cover the cost of the additional lavatory accommodation and alterations required at the Technical Institute, in addition to the tom alreldy to be applied for in reip3ct of the ani mit outstanding for the build- ing and furnishing of the Technical Institute. That the Education Committee be recommended to appoint &Ir. Charles E. Parker as a member of the Finance Committee in the place of Ar. Edwin J. Guest, resigned. The question of appointing a succe3sor on the com- mittee in pima of Mr. Codncilior Dadds, resigned, has been deferred. SCHOOL MANAGENIE.NT COXIVIT CEE.

At a meeting of this com:nittes coasent was given to the appointment of Mr. Maurice J. Glover as certificated assistant master in the boys' department of the Warrington Parochial school,at a commencing salary at the rate of £95 per annum. It was further resolved that, subject to the approval of the in imagers of the school, Miss Mary J. loose be appointed certificated assistant mistress in the mixed deptrtment of the Wycliffe British school, at a co.nrnenzing salary at the rate of £9O per annum.

A notificaiion having been submitted from the Town Clerk that the transfer of the St. George's Mission Infants' school has been completed, and that the school is therefo.e,now a Council school, it was resolved that, for the present, the School NI anagernent Committee be, constituted the managers of the school, and that con- sideration of the a mointment of a separate body of managers be deferrei until the neat meeting of the committee.

Miss Elizabeth Cooke was appointed an assistant mistress at tha Warrington British Evening Continua- tion school at a s ilary at the rate of ss. pr evening, together with a b Inas of 3s. 61. for every student in her class making 75 per cent. of the possible number of attendances.

A letter having been submitted from the Town Clerk, forwarding a copy of the resolution passel by the Fire Engine Committee calling attention to the want of appliances for fire extinguishing at the Technical In- stitute, it was resolved, that the Superintendent of the Fire Brigade be asked for his suggestions for remedying the deficiency. The committee decided that, subject to the consent of the Board of Education, no: more than 15 free places be granted in elch Evening Cantinuation school, the places to be given to deserving children on the recommendation of the Superintendent of the school, but only in cases where actual application is made, the final decision resting with the committee. It was resolved that Mr. Thomas Hughes be temporarily appointed teacher of Plumbing at the Technical Insti- tute at a salary at the rate of £42 for the session, and that Mr. Alfred N. Legge be appointed assistant short- hand teacher at a salary at the rate of ss. per evening. —That subject to his work being satisfactoray reported upon by the head master of the school at the end of the present year, Mr. Ernest Hanna, 8.A., be anpointed assistant master at the Secondary school and Technical Institute, at a commencing salary at the rate of £l2O per annum • that the salaries of the under-mentioned teachers at Secondary school and Technical Insti- tute, who have completed their first year of service under the committee, be increased as follows :—Mr. Richard EL Albery, M. Sc., physics master, from £l4O to £145; Mr. Henry 0. Armstrong, manual instructor, from £llO to £lls.—lt was decided that Miss Annie F. Wallington be appointed assistant cookery mistress at the Technical Institute, at a salary at the rate of £l5 15s. for the session.

The question of converting a shed at the rear of the Technical Institute, which had formerly bean used as an office for the Clerk of Works, and which had been pur- chased by the committee into a • place for the students attending the evening classes to leave their bicycles was considered, and it was decided that an estimate be obtained for the carrying out of the work. Andrew Malcolm was appointed assistant at Heathside EveningiSchool at asalary at the rite of ss.per evening, together wito a bonus of 3s. 6d. for every student in his class making 75 per cent. of the possible number of attendance; - _

The Chairman reported that a sub-committee had, in accordance with a resolution of the committee met the managers of the Fairfield National school, and, as a result of the conference, certain suggestions had been made to the managers with reference to the re-organisation of the uppsr girls' and girls' depart- ments of that school, which are being now carefully considered by them.

That Mr. W. H. Pennington was appointed teacher of the plumbing classes at the Technical Institute, at a salary at the rate of 14s. per evening for the session It NVA3 resolved that, owing to the large number of entries, an extra class be arranged at the Technical Institute in dressmaking and also, that a class be established in millinery, and that Nfrs. Dobson be engaged to teach these extra classes at a total salary at the rate of 10s. per evening for each subject for the session.

At a meeting on October 13th a letter was submitted from the Superintendent of the Fire Brigade with refer- ence to the alleged want of appliances for fire extinguishing at the Secondary school, and it was resolved that the Director be instructed to obtain an estimate for the supply of the necessary hose piping from the Secondary school to the hydrant which is at present fixed in Museum-street, and also an estimate for the removing of this hydrant nearer to the rear of the Secondary school.

The Di;ector reported that the" Monks "scholarship holder, Annie M. Gill, had completed her twelve months' study at the Secondary school, and that her conduct and progress had been satisfactory, and it was resolved, that if Mr. F. W. Monks is still desirous of offering the scholarship, it be renewed to Annie M. Gill for a further period of twelve months. It was decided to make arrangements for a course of University Extension Lectures to be delivered during the winter session.

An application was submitted from Mr. Richard H. Albery, physics master at the Secondary school and Technical Institute, asking for re-consideration of the resolution passed at the last meeting, increasing his salary from 1.40 to £145, and it was resolved that the salary be increased from £l4O to £l5O per annum, such increase to take effect from the 15th September, 1904, and that the question of his salary be again considered at the expiratton of a further period of twelve months.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPLAINT OF OVERCROWDING.

A letter was submitted to the School Attendance Committee from the managers of the Sacred Heart (R.C.) school, complaining of the overcrowded state of the mixed department of that school, and in view of the fact that provision had already been made for the sitting accommodation of that department to be in- creased by some 26 places,the director was instructed to intimate to the managers of the school, in reply, that this and a re-organisation of the classes ,wonld probably meet the present pressure upon the ao commodation of the school.

THE " BOLTON " Sc HOOLS.”

At a meeting of the Sites and Buildings Committee itiwas resolved, that an advertisement be issued invit- ing architects, practising within the County Borough of Warrington, to furnish competitive designs for the new " Bolton" schools to be erected in Latchford. Draft conditions for the competition, together with in- structions to the architects sending in designs were considered, and,after various alterations had been made, were approvectand adopted. It, was resolved that the site for the proposed new " Bolton" schools be pur- chased outright.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

POACHER CONVICTED AT RUNCORN.

At Runcorn on Monday, a poacher named Charles Stubbs, of Cligton, was summoned for trespassing in search of gams on the Aston Hall estate of Mr. A. Hervey Talbot J.P. The evidence of two gamekeepers, Peter *Lockett, jun., and W. Read, showed that on the 6th inst. a trap, containing a hen pheasant, was found in the birch wood at Sutton. A watch was set and on Saturday morning, the Bth, the defendant came along the railway embankment put his arm through the fence, and picked up the pheasant. The keepers appeared, and the defendant dropped the pheasant. The defendant sworn said he was on the railway embank- ment searching for mushrooms, and he did not kno w anything about the pheasant.—The defendant was fined 40s. and costs 10s. 6d., or a month's hard labour. He went to gaol. ALLEGED HOUSE-BREA.KING AT WIDNES.

At Viiiiines. oa Monday, Frei Ford, of no fixed abode, was sent to the Liverpool Assizes for trial on a charge of breakin,, and entering the dwelling-house, 55, Bulk street, and stealing a gold watch, two silver brooches, ss. in copper, and is. 4d. from the slot gas meter, the property of Ellen Morris, on Thursday morning. —On Friday morning prisoner was arrested on a charge of being drunk., and upon a search being made the articles were found in his possession. The police had previously received a leport of the robbery, but could not trace the thief. The house was securely locked by Mrs. Morris on Wednesday night, prisoner gaining access to the place by breaking the window. SMART SENTENCE FOR THEFT.

At the Cheshire Quarter Sessions on Monday Enoch Rollinson' sixty-two, boatman, for stealing wearing apparel at Runcorn, was sentenced to twelve months' hard laboar. It was stated he had served one term of twenty years' penal servitude.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH PARIS 4 CYJNCIL.

Til3 Sligg3Stei R3giStratiOl narigeS.

The Penketh Parish Counlil met in th 3 Wesleyan School on Monda,y evening, uader the presidency of Dr. Murray. Taere were also present Messrs. J. G, Within- shaw, W. liolgkinson, R. ttoutledga, Ashcroft, Ditch- field and E. Foster (clerk).

===== 0002601_19041022_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
31A.f.“STRATEi WAN rED

The Clerk said he had received n 3 reply from Lord Darby or from the me.nt3er for the division regarding the dearth of mtgistrates. lie hat however, received areply from Mr. Rolland Oxen, the agent for the mem- ber, who wrote under date of September 19 acknowledg- ing the receipt of the letter, aril statin; thbt he had forwarded it to Celonel Richird Pilkin;ton,Nl.P. Since then no further communication hid been received.

Mr. Withinshav4, movel thtt the Clerk write again to Colonel Pilkington, re:ninling him n of the former letter.

Mr. Ashcroft seaonded.

In reply to a question, Dr. Murray said that the nearest magistrate to Penketh was Mr. Thomas Halton at Sankey, but he only held that position by virtue of his office as chairman of the District Council. If he resigned that position, he would cetse to be a magis- trate. There were no other mtgistratei in Lancashire nearer than Newton. THE REGBTRAR OF DERTH'i AND DE kTHS.--PROPOSAL TO CLOSE THE PENKE CFI STA.TION REJECTED. _

The Clerk read the folloming letter from Mr. J. C. Sutton, clerk to the Bo irl of Guardians :—ln a letter received from the Re2istrar General, he states that the Registrar of births and deaths for Sankey sub-district applies to be allowed to disc,intinae attendance at the Penketh station, on the ground that so little registra- tion is actually accomplished on his visits. Taking the Burtonwood and Penketh stations in conjunction, the Registrar states that he has made as many as seven suc- cessive attendances without any result, while it is a common occurrence te visit the stations' three or four times in succession withoutany registration being done. The Guardians are askel for their observations on the question of their abandonment of Penketh Station, which appe as to be within a mile and a half from the head office. Prior, however, to furnishing such observa- tions, the Guardians wish for an expression of opinion on the subject from your Parish Cunt:mil. A further . letter on the same subject from Mr. J. Smith, the registrar, W. 13 ratd as follows : —I understand that the Guardians have referred ,the question of the registrar's sub-stition to your Parish Council. I trust that your Coan3il win fa., nimbly cinsider my request to b 3 alloyed to disco dim the attendances at the Penketh sah-station. I desire to state that on only five occasions o it of the past 2.9 weeks has anyme attended there to register. Tae other cases have been registered at my Sankey o U 33, waere I am in attendance at stated times for three days a week. I believe that you will agree that my r-quest tinier the circumstances is only reasima'ole as, apart fro ri the visits, the use of the room has Cost M 3 nearly three times the a notint I have received for atte iling at P 311 cstli. Might Ibe per- mitted to suggest as an alternative that a fee of Gd. (half the prescribed fee) be charged to those who desire me to attend and register at their houses. The Chairman said Mr. S nith got Is. for every regis- tration he in vie.

Air. Ashcroft : I thin'c that with th 3 p )pulitioh there is in Penketh, we (melt nit to b 3 deprival of facilities in registration. Wear, hear). • The Chairman: I wish 111 r. S nith would go more in- to detail and let us kno.v how many .registrations he takes from Penketh.

11)igkin3on : Wiile I hive a good deal of symoathy for At. Smith, I would point out that we are acting for the whole of Penketh, and I don't think it would be Tight to close the 01113 e. Withinshaw : I don't think it is very well known in -Penketh where the sun-station !s. Wr. Rnutleig3 : I think the tim3 b 3 alterl. The station is open Iron one to two o'olozk on nesdays. Mr. flodgkinson: Tait is a very awkward time for workpeople and will perhaps account why so few can attend.

Mr. Ashcroft agreed that a more awkward time could not have been chosen.

It NV.1,9 eventually clacidei, on the motion of Mr. Withlnshaw, seconded by Mr. Hodgkinson, that the sub- station be continued but that the hours be altered to a time between 6 o'clock and 8 o'clock on any night except Friday or Saturday.

LIGHTING QUESTION. Th 9 al tithl th Slid the lamp in Greystone-road suggested by the Coancil Fluid be ere:.lted shortly, together with that requested by the Sankey Parish Council. The Corporation would not take the main right through, from the Sankey end to the Penketh end. It would have been much better if they had done so.

A general discussion took place with regard to the lighting of Penketh, during the course of which the Chairman said that only thirteen people in He tth-road desired gas, so that at present the lighting of that road would have to be left in abeyanze. It was decided to ask for a return of the cost of lighting for Penketh before any further action was taken.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCOUNTS.

The Chairman produced the following accounts :- 12s. 6d. from Mr. J. Woodward for repairing the foun- tain • £2 13s. 61. from Mr. Robson, for painting the pivilion and fountain, £1 12s. Gd. from Nlessrs. Skelton for the see-saw on the recreation ground. On the motion of Mr. Withinshaw, seconded by Mr. Ditchaeld, the accounts were ordered to be paid, and a precept for £5 was served on the overseers, on the motion of Mr. Withinshaw. seconded by Mr. Ashcroft, and this concluded the business.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
FREEDOM!

By Ona Win Balievas in It.

"License th3y mean when they cry liberty."

—Milton.

"Whit is most n3cessary to our present conditions of life would probably evolve if Nature were left a fair field. Genius is a sulerfluity of brain. . . . It is an aclideut, and c innot b 3 directly proincel. It can however, be stifl9l by ov3r regalation, and by so:lti things as compolsary eduAtioo or compulsory military service. . . . Compulsory education has been fre- quently alluded to in thes3 pages, It will be enough to say that the forcible stu fling of facts in the head of an ill-fed child is har nfal, aid also that the stereotyoal form of St ate elac allot' is opposed to the law of progress, which is variety. In addition to this, compulsion is always,wrong. . . . ." "Another part Casa of physic al deterioration not alluded to at the Cambridg3 meeting of the British Association is the Workmen's Composition Act. Since this piece of compolsory rob'33ry, as pointed out in the "Liberty Review." employers have been afraid of employing married men with families. Hence married men have a diliculty at times, in finding employment, and their children are in consequence less well nourished, the children themselves being forbiddin by law to earn money in school hours. Anothenpart cause is the substitution of compulsoryldrill, compulsory gymnastics, and com- pulsory swimming for the free vent of various faculties in games, labour, or inclinations of an artistic or in- ventive nature. Actions that are pleasurable prove beneficial to the owner's general organism. 'Happiness is the most powerful of tonics.' Swimming, however, at certain times—say after some unripe fruit—may be very injurious, and yet the only recognised excuse is a doctor's certificate. Drill and gymnastics are repul- sive to certain natures, and are therefore harmful. Something such natures liked and took to of their own accord, especially if it earned money, would he in every way better and more serviceable. Then, too, the vari- ous sanitary arrangements and building by-laws prevent the erection of small cottages and cause overcrowd- ing [!] In fact, it is not too much to say that quite half of the national deterioration is the direct result of legislation and mischievous meddling. The forms of life and the conditions of life may be less healthy than formerly. Do not let us add less freedom as an additional evil. As a great bishop said, England free•is preferable to England sober. Freedom is preferable to over-regulation and over-sanitation. If we have get to go to'the wall, let us go to the wall our own way." "The true remedy for national insipidity is not forced military service, but the abolition of the workhouse and all such leprous institutions, the freedom of the people to:spend the money they earn as they like, the abolition of the State schools, and freedom for chil- dren to go to work as st,on as they desire to go." ," Compulsory service, too, would rob the profession of arms of its facination for the true soldier, and we I should lose the strongest weapon against the ambitious schemes of the universal arbitrationist, and the inter- national labour restrictionist."

The above extracts are not, as might be supposed,the inventions of a supporter of compulsory service to prove to what fatuous depths people can sink in their adoration of what they imagine to be freedom. They are genuine excrepts from two articles in the September number of the Liberty Review. We see hear the ravings of that type og mind which loathes and abhors dis- cipline, and law and order, even if it be for the protec- tion of defenceless women and children. In the name of freedom 'children should be allowed to work any number of hours that a drunken parent, or a ruthless employer, can impose upon their weakness! The ruffian and the hooligan should be allowed to indulge, without let or hindrance, in all the" inclinations of an artistic or inventive nature ! " For "actions that are pleasur- able prove beneficial to the owner's general organism." How happy then, the young scoundrel who can kick or batter some woman or old man in the street! Let us not interfere with this free development of " an inventive nature "let us rather nurture the artistic instinct which finds vent in such pleasing forms. Swimming, too, we are told, is "at certain times—say after some unripe fruit—very injurious." Let no child therefore. be compelled to learn to swim. Let him rather be drowned freely, and in his own way, when occasion arises. And if any man be so foolish as to try to save him,, why, obviously he is trying to compel him to live, and so will deserve to be drowned with him—

thus exemplifying in a very beautiful manner the way Nature avenges any interference with the sanctity of individual liberty. Drill and gymnastics,' we are interested to hear, "are repulsive to certain natures, and are therefore harmless "—aote the "there- fore." So, we believe, are soap and water, air, decency, truthfulness, self-restraint, and all the qualities which distinguish man from the beast. But, in the sacred name of liberty, let us see that no compulsion is used to secure the safety and comfort of the community, and at least decency and cleanliness, from such natures ; for "compulsion is aLways wrong." I We are grateful to the "Liberty Review" for pub- lishing these articles. Particularly are we pleased to find compulsory: education and compulsory rqilitary service damned in the same breath. Diem is much hope in this circumstance, which bears out our contention in another column, that the same forces which opposed compulsory education, and which have now, with the exception of a few lunatics, recognised the inestimable boon it has conferred upon the nation, are those watch now oppose compulsory military training, which is but the completion of civic education. We note, too, with gratitude, the conviction of one of the writers we have quoted, that compulsory service is the natural rout to universal arbitratiou—and should therefore be resisted. We had not thought to find this gleam of wisdom amid so much rubbish. But, fas et ah hoste, doceri—And we recommend this startlingly frank confirmation of our views, expressed elsewhere, to the notice of the Trades Unions and to all lovers of peace.—Prom the "National Service Journal."

===== 0002601_19041022_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly ine3ting of the Runcorn Board of Guardians waR held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, when there were pre3ent M.essrs. A. R. Nortna.n (chairman), T. Baxter, T. Wright C. E. Liniker,Williaui Nforris S. Taylor, J. W. Timperley, T. Lee, J. Douglas, C. E. Cinaker, jun., C. Roylance, J. Hallows, J. Bolshaw, J. Pilling, Admiral Jones-Parry, J. L. Jones, J. Billinge, T. Antwis, J. Broome, H. M. Davies, J. Mountield, J. B. CAlier, J. Whitley, .T. Spruce, T. Eyes, J. Ff. Davies, J. Whitlow, J. Smith, E. Bretherton and W. Chimes, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (deputy clerk), J. Cunnah (master), T. Cooke, S. Riley, and W. R. DePrez (relieving ()facers). .

OFFICERS' SLRtES. CONTRIBUTIONS BY COUNTY COUNCILS.

The Clerk to the South Stoneham Union wrote call- ing attention to the provisions of the Local Govern- ment Act, 1838, section 26, sub-section 1, providing for the grant by the County Council of an annual sum for the costs of the officers of the Union which, until Parliament otherwise determined, was such sum as the Local Government Board, certified to have been ex- panded for the financial year ending the 25th March, 1888. The increase of population and work with the Union had led to increased salaries, now more than £4OOO in excess of the amount paid in 1888, while the grant remained unaltered and it is urged that a revision of the scale of payment should be brought about and ar further revision made every five years. They asked for the co-operation of other Unions in this matter. Mr. Patin; moved that the Board support the Stone- ham Union in their application to the Local Govern- ment Board for the revision of contributions by County Councils to the salaries of Union officials. Mr. Antrobns seconded and the motion was carried.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
MEDIC AL. OFFICER'S ABSENCE.

Dr. E. M.cDoagall wrote stating that he would be away from Runcorn for a short time and that his partner Dr. 13,amtor would undertake the duties of parochial medical officers, in conjunction with Dr. Carruthers, medical officer of health, during his absence.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
VALUATION BILL.

The Clerk read a letter from the secretary to the Conference of representatives of Boards of Guardians and Union Assessment Committees announcing, as the result of the conference, in opposi- tion to the Valuation Bill 1901, the Bill had not been proceeded with. It was deemed desirable that an adjourned conference should be held, at which the palicy of Boards of Guardians and Union Assess- ment Committees with respect to the reform of Valua- tion Law, should be carefully and fully considered and determined upon. The adjourned conference would be an important one and should be attended by representa- tives from all parts of England and Wales. The Chairman explained that the original Bill which it was proposed to introduce into the House of Commons had been dropped, and that no. new Bill had been re-introduced. He therefore thought it rather premature for them to do anything, as the next Bill might be entirely different from what was originally proposed. Mr. Pilling pointed out that the idea of the second Confereace was that the Boards of Guardians and Assess- ment Committees should draw up a Bill which, he was led to believe, if brought forward would receive atten- tion.

Hr. Baxter was unanimously appointed es a delegate from the Board to the adjourned conference.

APPOINTMENT OF A COOK.

Miss Ellen Caldwell was unanimously. appointed the Workhouse cook at a salary of £35 per annum with rations, washing &c.

NORTH WESTERN POOR LAW CONFERENCE.

Messrs, J. Mountield, 5.1. Roylance, and the clerk, delegates to the North Western Poor Law Conference, presented their report. They stated that the president in his opening address gave interesting statistics on pauperism and stated that there was an increase of persons in receipt of relief throughout England and Wales as compared with last year of 22,895. The Com- mittee appointed at the Law Conference to consider the question of combination and classification of work- houses submitted a report on the progress they had made. Papers were read on the position of Poor Law Unions and Guardians as affected by recent legislation on the position of poor law in relation to the fallen and on the advantage of training ships for poorlaw boys. Mr. Mounfield remarked that the Runcorn Union was the only union in Cheshire or Lancashire which was able to report a decrease in pauperism during the last year. (Hear, hear.) The report was adopted. THE EDUCATION OF THE CHILDREN. MR. NORMAN AND THE DUTIES OF THE BOARD. Mr. Spruce reported that the Pantasaph Orphanage Committee had visited the Orphanage and found every- thing in order. They were very pleased at the appear- ance of the children and surroundings. One thing which struck him was that a number of girls in the institution appeared capable of earning their own living and if they had been in the workhouse would have been put out to service. He thought the matter should be looked into and he did not think it fair or right that girls should be kept in the orphanage when they were old enough to go out to service. Mr. Collier said he was pleased to note the facilities which were afforded the girls of getting excellent situations in after life as a result of the admirable training in the Institution, many of the former scholars now occuping very good positions. Mr. Baxter remarked that the orphanage deserved support as there was no doubt it was doing a. good work in taking children out of the gutter and giving them an opportunity of learning a trade, but he must say he did not see any great improvement upon what was be- ing done for the children in the Workhouse. He thought the latter children were as well cared for in every way as they were in Mao Orphanage. Still the Orphanage was doing a great deal of good by taking children from the Workhouse, and the streets and edu- cating them. Mr. Roylance pointed out that a number of girls in the Orphanage paid their own expenses. He did not think there were any girls from their Union who remained in the Orphanage when they were old enough to work. Those who remained in the Orphanage after a certain age were children who were placed there and paid for by their parents. Mr. Collier reported upon the visit of the Buckley Hall Orphanage Committee to the Buckley Hall Orphan- age. In that Orphanage, he said, the boys received an excellent education which gave them a chance of occu- pying good positions in after life. He looked forward to the day when the Protestant children in the Work- house would enjoy the same advantages as the Roman , Catholic children. Sometimes the shoe was on the other foot, but in that particular instance it was the Protestant children who were at a disadvantage in not being allowed to go to such excellent institutions, (Hear, hear.) The Chairman remarked that when it was decided to send some of their children to the Buckley Hall and Pantasaph Ophanages it was thought that there were no such homes to which they could send Protestant children. They had however since found that there were Protestant orphanage's and he hoped they would soon get all their children into such institutions. (Hear, hear.) Seeing they were practically the parents of the children and responsible for their welfare he thought they should begin to work up to a high a standard as was possible. (Hear, hear) While he sympathised with the workingman who had to educate his own child and also contribute to the educa- tion of the children in the Union he felt that they were compelled to do all they could to give the workhouse children a good start in life by giving them a good education. (Hear, hear.) They would be very much to blame if they fixed the standard of living in the work- house on the lines of the standard of the poorest cottager. The same thing applied to the education of the children. Irk many respects the Runcorn Union was in the front in matters of progression but he thought they were behindhand in their education and training of the children. They must remember that it was their: duty to do all they could to relieve the children of the stain of pauperism. There was another'point which Mr. Spruce and Mr. Baxter lost sight of which was that it was their duty to lift the children into a higher plane , of life, and give them a chance of occupying good , , positions in after life. _ . -

Mr. Hallows said no one cared for children more than he did but he did not think it right that they should keep the children when they should be out working. The Chairman said he would be surprised to learn that they were paying for children who were old enough to work. He thought however that until the clerk had obtained information on the subject discussion would be premature.

15 BUNS FOR A ID. You can make 15 delicious Almond, Lemon, or Vanilla Buns from a id. pkt. of Eiffel Tower Bun Flour for a total cost of 3id.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILDREN'S COUGHS.

A WEIOLE FAMILY CURED BY VEND'S LIGEITNING COUGH CURE.

Mr. A. I)EICTEI, Waolesale Fish Merchant, LOWI3 s- to ft, writes —"My: children have suffered from bronchitis and bad colds at this time of the year for several', years, but, thanks to VENG'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE they are much better and we very seldom hear them cough now. I might also say I had my little boy aged three years bid with croup, but, thanks to your Cough Cure he soon ree9vered. It is pleasant to know- there is something t& cure troublesome coughs and croup in children."

VENO'S LIGRTNING CMTCIR CURE is absolutely the most ea :lent re nyly procurible for children' s coughs It cures waloning cough avid croup rapidly, strengthen. the luags awl mikes children less susceptibl e to colds. Sold eyerywh3re by Cas 'lists at 91d., is. I*l., and 2s. 9d.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERESTING LOCAL BIRO RACE.: Warrington and District Homing Society's Work.

With a viem t 3 affording fanciers an opportunity of te3ting nay late bred birds in their pmsession, the me nbers of the above-named Society, very ably assisted by the members of the Warrington Working- men's Flying Club, promoted al "Any age birds open rase" to be flown from Gloucester on Saturday, Sep- tember 17th 1901. All birds flying to lofts within a radius of five miles from Market Gate were eligible for competition with the result that 501 entries were forth- coming. All entrance fees less expenses incurred in carrying out the race, were given in prizes, and the amount realised was £5. In addition to this no less than 21 special prizes, together of the value of several pounds, were given by members and friends. This wa% considered exceedingly satisfactory seeing that everything was arranged within a few days and that the race was not advertised. All birds home was the' order of the day, and as will be seen from the appended result the competition was remarkably keen. Result :-Ist gold centre silver medal, J. T. Bate ; 2nd, ten shillings special, and a pair of stock birds, E. Bothwell ; 3rd, ten shillings special, J. Marsh ;4th, five shillings 'special,' E. Burrows; .sth, box of cigars and a pair of young birds, Messrs. Yates and Marsh; 6th, seven arid sixpence special, and pair of young birds, J. Burns; 7th, five shillings special,and one young bi d. T. Isherwood; Bth, five shillings special, and pair of young birds, T. Isherwood; 9th, Members' Consolation prize of a pair of birds, and three scores of beans and peas, H. Bracegirdle ; 10th. five shillings special, H. Craven ; 11th, five shillings special, Crank; 12th, one cwt of grit, Smarr.; 13th, one young bird, W. Healey; 14th, bottle of special whiskey. Clayton and Son; 15th, bottle of special whiskey, McCollom. The winning volocities were as follow, Bate 1409 ; Bothwell 1407.8; Marsh 1407-7; Burrows 1405; Yates and Marsh 1404 ; Burns 1401 ; Isherwood 1399 ; Isherwood 1399 ; Brace- girdle 1398; Craven 1391; Crank 1393 ; Smart 1392; Healey 1391; Clayton and Son 1390; and McCollorn, 1390.

On Thursday, of last week, a smoking concert was arranged at the "Norton Arms Hotel, for the purpose of distributing the prizes to the successful competitors, and 8011119 fifty members furl friends put in an appear- ance. Mr. Baxter (President of the Warrington and District Homing Society) presidel, and with a few appropriate remarks handed the prizes to the various winners. Afessrs. Martindale, Grounds, Rothwell, Craven, Horsfall, Y ites, and others, contributed to the entertainment, the first-named gentleman delighting the company with his rendering of "The Diver," and several other grand efforts. Tae usual toasts were given, and the evening want merrily oi, until all too soon the hour oreleven arrived and the meeting closed.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Motorist Fined.

At Shap Police— Court, on Monday, Thomas R. Garton, of Stockton Heath, Warrington, was charged with driving a motor car, on the 31st ult., without giving sufficient warning of his approach; he was also charged with driving negligently.—Dr. T. H. Gibson, Orton, a magistrate for Westmorland, said he was driving with three friends from Tebay to Orton, when the defendant's car dashed past him without any warning being given. The doctor's pointer dog, which was a short distance in front, was run over by the car and injured. Defendant admitted to witness that he was going eighteen miles an hour, but said he had no occasion to stop for a dog.— Defendant said he driving from Kendal to Appleby with Mr. Joseph Jenningi, Warrington, and they sounded the horn before rounding the bend. The car was under perfect contrll. Afterwards he told Dr. Gibson that he could not be held responsible for a dog, and if it was a valuable one it should have been undor proper control. Dr. Gibson said, "We have made one man pay £3O at Shap for running over a, dog, and we shah make you pay the same." De fendant added that he steered the car so that the body passed over the dog. He did not see that he should have tried to avoid the dog as to have done so would' have endangered the lives of the occupants of the car. Had a child been in the roadway he would have taken the risk.—The bench said they concluded the defendant did not sound hislorn, and so was guilty of negligence. He was certainly guilty of improper driving, because there was a steep incline. For negligently driving the de- fendant would be fined £2 and costs, and his licence would be endorsed. The other charges would be dismissed.

The defence of Kleptomania was made in the case of Ann Buckley, who pleaded guilty, and was bound over at Oldham on a charge of stealing toys from a penny bazaar." It was stated that her home was crowded with similar useless articles.

Vice-Admiral Douglas has hoisted his flag on H.M.S. Victory as commander-in-Chief at Portsmouth. The Colossus fired a salute of sixteen guns, to which the Hercules replied with eleven. Rear-Admiral Henderson has transferred his flag to the Asia.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

A Contract Question. The monthly meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held in the Board-room at the Work- house on Wednesday, Mr. A. Brooks presiding. There were also present :—Mrs. Clay, Mrs. Wilkinson, Miss Broadbent, the Rev. Father Mercer, Dr.3lurrav,Messrs. A. J. Jolley, W. Houghton, S. Davies, T. H. ...khcroft, J. Billinge,J. W. Knowles, G. Mather, M. W. Seton, G. Thompson. J. Turton, T. Ritchie, P. Longton, J. C. Sutton (clerk), J. F. Awbery (master), A. Wright (superintentent of Padgate Schools).

COMPLAINT FROM A. TENDERING FIRM. The CLERK submitted a letter from Messrs. T. Allel and Sons asking why the contract for painting and decorating the new relieving offices at Earlestown was given to Messrs. Monks and Fowler, of Earlestown es they (Messrs. Allen tendered to do the work for £3 less - As they were quite at a loss to account for the Board's action they would be glad if the matter could be inquired into. Mr. ASFICROFT thought the Board ought to have se explanation from the Earlestown Guardians about the acceptance of a tender for .£35 in preference to one of £32 by Messrs. Allen, who were a really good firm. He considered it was a great mistake to have left the selec- tion in the hands of the Earlestown Guardians. ought to have come before the Board.

h e CLERK: The tender was accepted by this Board. Mr. ASHCROFT : It was left in the hands of the Earlestown Guardians to recommend the acceptance of a tender.

Mr. KNOWLES: We shan't have to trust them again' Mr. THOMPSON enquired whether certain firms- were asked to tender or whether the contract was. advertised- Mr. B[LLINGE said the sub-committee; which was almost too wise to err--(laughter)--examined all the tenders very carefully and they decided not to accept the lowest or the highest but to unanimouslY recommend the acceptance of Messrs Menke and Fowler's tender at £.35. Ho was-delighted to inform the Board that the work was in progress and they hoped it would be satisfactorily completed at an early date. In answer to Mr. Thompson, several leading firms in the district were asked to give estimates for the work. The CHAIRMAN asked whether all the firms tendered on the same specification. Mr.. BILLINGE replied in the affirmative. Mr. THOMPSoN said that when the Board asked certain firms to tencilr they considered those firms would carry out the contracts in a proper manner. When Messrs. Allen offered to do the work cheaper it was a large item..

Mr. KNOWLES : Move an amendment. Mr. THOMPSON : I would not like to do that. Mr. KNOWLES : Can't you propose a vote of censure on the Earlestown Guardians? (Laughter) Mr. RITCHIE did not think there was anything radically wrong with the Earlestown Guardians' action• They did not accept the highest or lowest tender. TheY were between two stools so they selected the reedinni• Rev. Father MERCER: And sat on the ficriur. (Laughter).

s MT:KNOWLES: You were encouraging local industrY• Mr. RITCHIE pointed out that Messrs. Monks and Fowler were an old-established firm. The matter then dropped. A SKELETON WANTED. At a meeting of the House Committee on September 30th, an application having been received from the Superintendent Nurse for an increase of salary, it was resolved to recommend to the Board the following additional increases :—.£s immediate advance, £5 Michaelmas 1905, .£.3 Michaelmas 1906. Dr. Braide su?- mitted the following requirements to aid him in his lectures for probationers :—Articulated skeleton, mannikin, splints, and six diagrams. A letter of com- plaint was received from a tradesman in reference to the recently accepted tenders, and the same was ordered to lie upon the table. At a meeting on October 6th,the resignation of Probationer Nurse Mather was accepted, and the matron was authorised to fill the vacancy. Mr. JOLLEY moved the confirmation of the minutes. Mrs. CLAY seconded.

Mr. KNOWLES asked whether the committee had anY idea of the cost of the articles that Dr.Braide required. lie -thought tenders might have been invited froel surgical instrument makers and the lowest selected. Mr. MATHER said it was thought the cost would be about £lO. They might arrange to get a skeleton frofl2 Port Arthur. (Laughter.) Mr. KNOWLES suggested that the item should be re- ferred back and quotations obtained. Mr. JOLLEY said the committee did not pretend to have any special knowledge of surgical apparatus and the simplest plan would be to leave the matter in the hands of the master and doctor, feeling confident that they would purchase the articles on as reasonable terail as could be made.

Dr. MURRA.Y said it would be difficult to obtain tenders.

Mr. KNOWLES said he did not like the method of

• The minutes were approved. RATEABLE AND ASSESSABLE VALUES. The CLERK produced an:order from the Local Govern- ment Board under the Local Government Act 1888 certifying the proportion under section 24 as follows —County of Lancaster £202,825; Warrington CountY Borough £251,203. He also laid before the Board the basis for the new County rate or assessment for the county of Lancaster (before appeals. The increase,s are as follew :—Warrington Union (County), rateable value stands at £183,840, raised to £215,584, increase, £31,744; the assessable value, £169,032, raised £200,992, increase, £31,960; County Borough 01. Warrington, rateable value £226.064. raised t i ° £274,014, increase £47,980 ; assessable, £224,920, raised to £273,100, increase £48,180. Totals for the Union as fixed in October, 1899, rateable, £409,904, raised to £489,628, increase £79,724' assessable £393,952 raised to £474,092, increase £80,140. Totals for the whole county as fixed October 1899, rateable, £22,914,692 raised to £25,910,35* increase £2,995,662, assessable, £22,364,960, raised t° £35,369,932, increase £3,004,972. The CLERK said the increase for the county was almost sure to affect the calls. THE REGISTRATION DUTIES, The CLERK reporzed that he wrote to Burtonwood and Great Sankey Parish Councils with refer ence to the request of the registrar of births and deaths for the Sankey sub-district t° be allowed to discontinue attendance at his Peak&th station and to reduce the number of his attendances &" Burtenweed on the ground that so little registrati° was actually accomplished on his visits to those stations. The Burtenwood Council had forwarded & recommendation to the Board that the arrangements already in existence be not altered. a Dr. MURRAY said the Penketh Council had decl,-e that they did not wish the station to be given up, but they suggested that the registrar should attend in the evening instead of during the day. The CLERK said the question was whether tile Penketh people should be bound to go to Sankey. Dr. MURRAY: They think not. The CHAIRMAN said the registrar knew what the duties were when he received the appointment. If a% some future time business became brisk at Penketh he had to re-open the station at Penketh he won't' want his salary raising. The CLERK: He is paid according to the number of cases.

The Board accepted the recommendation of the Burtonwood and Penketh Councils.

It. Fit IhN ISE

EY" tat tri on ha

dc gc di to

Jei cu he sp cu

Cu in ex

A wide in-off into a top pocket. Red ball on a Spot inches from the side cushion, and 56# ißehes from the top cushion. Cue ball at the ex- treme end of the D. This in-off is on with side only with crystalate balls, though not with ivory

_ Diagram 18 shows a wide top pocket in-oft the red ball being situated on a spot which is 221 inches from the side cushion and 564 inches from the top cushion and the cue ball at the extreme end of the D. As in the previous example the in-off can be got with crystalate balls by means of a medium-pace stroke with plenty of running side. With ivory.balls such a stroke would not be possible, and in such a position the only way to get the in.-off would be by .means of a forcing stroke.

Long in-offs of this nature (when they can hl got by the use of side without having to resort to a forcing stroke) should be played with plenty of drag, and aim should be taken just a little fuller than half-ball to allow for the pull of the nap after the drag on the cue ball has been ex htn sted. The in-off shown on diagram 17 is an extreme case of what is possible with crystalate balls. Generally speaking, it would not be an easy stroke to play, as in all long slow strokes it i, somewhat difficult to estimate the combined effect of side and nap before the object ball li reached. To have made the in-off on diagram 1€ a little less wide would have made the stroke comparatively easy with crystalate balls, but it might then have been just on with ivory balls. To sum up, therefore, many a shot that is absolutely not on with ivory balls as a half ball stroke with side is quite possible with composi- tion balls, and many others that are only just on with ivory balls are comparatively easy with composition balls. Transmitted Side. ""'"1

The question as to whether it is pozisible to impart side to an object ball is a very vexed one with many amateurs, but it is an un- doubted fact, well known to professionals and good class amateurs, that under certain con- ditions side imparted to a cue ball is transmitted to the object ball, though of course in a very ranch reduced degree. Many players are, how- ever, under the impression that the amount of side which may be transmitted to an object ball, though very much lees than that imparted to the cue ball, is still a considerable quantity. This view of the question is, however, quite in- correct, for the amount of side which a cue ball by itself can transmit to an object ball can never be more than a minute quantity, and that this is ao I hope to prove conclusively. In the first place (as is well-known' side on a ball is another term for spin and when a ball carries a lot of side this spin or rotation is very marked indeed, and even when a ball carries only a comparatively small amount of side a certain amount Of spin is quite notice- able if the ball be travelling slowly and often the spin on the ball can be watched until it gradu- ally becomes exhausted and stops altogether altheugh the ball is still tr=eiVelling along the table.

Now,, were it possible to impan; a considerable amount of side to an Object ball, a certain amount of spin should be observable on an ob- ject ball whenever it was struck by a side-laden cue ball. What player, however, can say that he has ever seen an object ball rotafing with spin simply. as the result of being struck by a cue ball carrying a lot of side (an object ball may sometimes spin in a very noticeable mannet if it has been caught between the other two balk and squeezed out after having been practically held in a vice for a fractional part of a second, but this is of course an exceptional case and has no bearing whatever on. the question of transmitted side). As is well known the effect ,ol' side on a cue ball is most clearly shown when the ball strikes a cushion at a right angle and therefore it clearly follows that the easiest way to measure the amount of side that it is possible to impart to a cue ball, is to cause the object ball to hit a cushion at right angles after being struck by a cue ball carrying aide. The best method of play- ing such a stroke is to place a red and a white ball exactly on the baulk line, and a few inches apart as shown on Diagram 19.

A test for transmitted side. If two balls be Dlacei on the baulk line, and the cue ball be Alayed dead full on to the object ball so that tile latter travels exactly on the line, right hand side on the cue ball will impart slight left hand side to the .object ball and left hand side, slight right hand side.

Strike the cue ball with as much side as pos- sible, and play quite full on to the red (the baulk line will be a guide as to whether the ob- ject ball has been struck absolutely full or not). If the stroke be played from the left side of the table and the cue ball be struck with plenty of /ight hand side, the red ball will (provided it has been struck so truly that it keeps exactly on the baulk line all the way to the cushion) after striking .ithe cushion, rebound slightly out of baulk mare or less as shown by the continuous hue on the diagram. If instead the. cue—ball be r stuck with plenty of left.hand side (still-cilaying from the left side of the table), the red ball, pro- vided of course that it has been truly struck, will 'bound from the cushion slightly into baulk.

/ • -

DIAGRAM 19. 'll 1 71 r A i i I 1 I I I 1 1 ; --------......- 1 I ij., )...

===== 0002601_19041022_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
"I REALLY MUST-I.'USE VI-COCOA."

Thousands of man and women, after reading the par- ticulars published respecting the merits of Dr. Tibbles Vi-Cocoa,havebeen induced to become regular drinkers of this popular food beverage. But many have said to themselves, "I really m Ist use Vi-Cocoa," and have failed to do so. Why? There is no more agreeable and inexpensive cocoa on the market. A 6d. packet or a 9d. or is. Gd. tin is value indeed. for Vi-Cocoa does all that it is claimed to do, and there is no so-called concentrated or foreign cocoa in the world to equal it. It is highlY nutritious, imparts stamina to the system, is refreshing to the weary brain-worker, and recuperates the bodl fter physical fatigue.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
HARVEST FESTIVALS.

ST. PAUL'S CHURCH.

The thanksgiving services werecontinued in the above church on Sunday, and throughout the day were well attended. in the morning the preacher was the Rev. D. Morton, vicar of St. Paul's, Widnes, and in the evening the vicar occupied the pulpit. A well attended child- ren's servied in the afternoon was addressed by the Rev. T. W. Barber. At the men's service in the afternoon the Rev. R. H. Bowen addressed a large congregation. The collections for the whole of the services were on behalf of the endowment fund and arlized altogether £36 3s. 4d.

HILL CLIFFE BAPTIST CHAPEL. For the thanksgiving services which were held on Sunday, the interior of the above chapel had been beautifully decorated, and presented an exceptionally pleasing appearance. Those responsible for the work and to whom great credit is due were :—Mesdames Hughes, Dodd, T. F. Moss, Williams, King, Englands James Strange, jun., and V4ilkinson, and the Misses, Mather, Hallas, Jones, England, Anslow, Worrall, More ton, Dodd, Hall, M. Boucbierl and Bell, together with Messrs. Joseph Moss, sen., T. F. Moss, A. Arnold, W. Wheeler, G. S. and B. Moss. and James Strange, jun. Throughout the day the services were well attended, the congregations in the afternoon and evening being particularly large. The Pastor (the Rev. J. S. Hughes) occupied the pulpit in the morning and evening, deliver- ing interesting addresses on each occasion. The after- noon service wasalmost entirely choral, and consisted of the rendering of the cantata" A Daughter of Moab" by the members of the Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church Choir. The principals were the Misses A. Bridge (Ruth), A. Woodland, A. Mansell, L. Stronach, of Earlestown (Naomi), and L. Snelling (Orpah), Mr. J. H. Corrin and Mr. E. H. Pearce (Boaz); conductor, Mr. A. Spruce, and organist, Mr. F. Podmore, MI.U.M. and their singing of the parts allotted to them was exceedingly good. The whol e choir sang splendidly their efforts being highly appreciated*by the audience. Special harvest hymns were sung throughout the day, Mr. James Strange' jun., and IMr. J. Miller officiating as organists. On Monday evenicg a fruit social was held in the schoolroom, when there was again a good attendance. The refreshments and fruit were served by Mesdames Hughes, . F. Moss, and Wilkinson, and the Misses Mather, Williams,"ones, England, Dodd, and Worrall. Mr. James Strang jun., and Miss Bell favoured the company with songs. The sale of fruit and vegetables, of which there vvas a large quantity, proceeded under the direction of Mr. Birch, of Moore. Thanks were accorded to all who had helped to make the festival so great a success. The proceeds amounted to nearly 211 WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.

The harvest thanksgiving services in connection with the above church were held on Sunday, the preacher both morning and evening being the Rev. John Yonge. In the morning he took for his subject "The feast of harvest" and in the evening" Our Lord's text at the harvest festival." During the course of his evening address he remarked that in 1897 some very remarkable discoveries were made in the east by some very learned investigators, who were searching among ancient ruins. They found among a pile of rubbish some stained and tattered papyrus, which had written upon it some sentences purporting to be records of some sayings of Jesus. Again, it February, 1903 some more documents of a similar kind bad been unearthed. But among those precious discoveries, all of which, like the new ones, were of the greatest possible interest, there was one in particular, which, viewed by the side of their present text, became ino.t remarkably striking and impressive. It ran thus: "Jesus says, 'I stood in the middle of the world and in flesh, I was seen of them, and I found all drunken, and no one thirsty among them. And my soul grieves over the sons of men because they are' blind in their heart and they do not see.'" They could certainly not decide whether that was the record of an actual saying by our Lord, but their atten- tion was especially drawn to it by the report of Dr. I Horton's recent Sunday evening's lecture to working men, of which he made those recently discovered words his text. Dr. Horton had remarked that while it was of course, impossible, to say whether these words were actually spoken by Jesus when he was upon earth, it did not seem impossible to say that they were spoken by Him at the present day. Their text that night presented the Lord Jesus as appealing to human souls who were thirsting for what this earth could not give. "If any man thirst let him come to Me and drink." But that new word of Jesus presented Him as grieving in His soul, because although He had stood in the middle of the world, and in flesh had been seen by men, yet they were not thirsting for the reall true eternal good. "He found no one thirsty among them." There were none who longed for the life that was true, none who cared supremely for the things of God, none who had any desire for the Infinite and the Eternal. Why, and how was this? "Because," said Jesus, "He found all drenken,"—intoxicated. with thel passing and the perishable, caring only for what this world could give, its gains, its Ambitions its pleasures. It seemed as if to the old penetrating eye of Jesus the greater part of mankind was given up to the temporal. Those who were success- ful in the pursuit, were indulging in nothing but the enjoyment of their gain, and those who had failed were still following after, with the insatiable passion of desire, all alike absorbed by the present, none caring or heeding about the future. "He found all drunken and no one thirsty among them." That newly-found word, which claimed to have been sometime uttered by Him, found only too palpable corroboration in common life to-day. He (the preachex) did not desire them to point to its only too frequent literal fulfilment. That was patent and universal enough, but there were many forms of intoxication,all of which were evil, and were keeping multitudes away from God. There was the intoxication of worldly ambition. Men were lost to everything which did not make for wealth. orplace or power. They would do anything or everything to achieve those obiects. They bent all their energy to them, gave all their thought, their ?lent, and their time to them. The passion for those thins made them utterly oblivious of all that was high and noble and spiritual. There was the intoxication of pleasure. Did they not see it on every hand ?—men basting afte excitements, after ever now sensations, going from one kind of excitement to another, always on the rush, here there, and everywhere. No time •for thought about life's Divine purpose. no desire to render service to men less favoured than themselves, n 1 care for an-ythinr except for the selfish, i!nd the transient, and the perishable. Dr. Horton. in his lecture, illustrated that, and among others, told of being a fellow traveller recently with a gentleman who began to talk to him about the game of golf. He expressed his extraordinary devotion to it, saying that golf was a game which made, a man neglect his health, his wife, his business, and his religion.lf that assertion had any considerable truth in it, and doubtless other recreations might be similarly spoken of, what did it mean? It meant that even educated, intelligent and religions people did sometimes become possessed of their pleasures. Things which were inno- cent and commendable in themselves came to exercise a tyranny over men. They became intoxicated with them. and had awakened in them a thirst which, ver demanded increasing draughts of the same intoxicant, until men could become lost to all worthy objects in life. During the day special anthems were rendered by the choir at the morning service Stainer's composition Ye shall dwell in the Land "and in the evening "Sing to the Lord of Harvest "(Barnby), and" The eyes of all wait upon Thee " (Elvey) being sung. Mr W. H. Payton presided at the organ. The collections, which were on behalf of the maintenance finid amounted to £23.

HANDICRAFT EXHIBITION AT MANCHESTER. The Clarion Guild of Handicraft Exhibition to be opened at. the Athemeum, Manchester, on October 28 by the Lord Mayor of Manchester, and on subsequent days by such well-known social reformers as the Duchess of Sutherland, the Countess of Warwick, Mr. Walter Crane, and Mr. Robert Blatchford, affords striking evidence of the growth of the Arts and Crafts movement in this country. Forn3ed three years ago, through the medium of the "Clarion " newspaper, the Clarion Guild has now extended largely, having branches in London, Liverpool. Manchester, Birmingham, Leeds, Newcastle, Bristol, Chester, and other large centres. Each branch works independently. but a joint Annual Exhibition is held of the work of all the branches. At the present exhibition, in addition to the work of the members, exhibits h ye been received from many of the first craftsmen in the country, as well as interesting and valuable examples of old work, so that it will form a collection not only interesting but of high educa- tional value.

ELASTIC STOCKINGS, KNEE CAPS, &C.—For ViiriCOS Veins and all eases of Weakness and Swelling of the Lee, Sprains. &c. They are porous, light in texture, and inexpensive and are drawn on like an ordinary stocking.—Priees 4s. 6d.. 7s. 6d. and 10s, 6d. each. Postage free.—WHITE & WRIGHT, Surgical Instrument and Trusq Makers, 98, Renshaw-street. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 22, 1904.

J

===== 0002601_19041022_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
LICENSED VICTUALLERS' DEFENCE LEAGUE.

Meeting at Warrington.

The half-yearly meeting of the No. 3 district of the Licensed Victuallers' National Defence League was held at the Lion Hotel, Warrington, on Wednesday, representatives attending from Ashton-under -Lyne, Barrow-in-Furness, Birkenhead, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Bury, Chester, Crewe, Darwen, Dukin- field, Lancaster, Liverpool, Manchester, Macclesfield, Morecambe, Northwich, Oldham, Ormskirk, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge,Stockport, St. Helens, Warrington and Wigan. Alderman A. W. Siddall, J.P., of Ashton-under-Lyne, presided and the officials present included Councillor Isaac Turner, of Liverpool (vice-chairman), Councillor John Ingle, of Manchester (hon. treasurer), and Mr. Fred W. Cooper, of Manchester, (secretary).

HONOUR FOR ALDERMAN EVANS. The meeting passed a vote of condolence with the relatives of the late Mr. William Broadbent,of Oldham, who was an active member of the committee.

Voting then took place for the election of a represen- tative on the Council of the League in place of the late Mr. Broadbent. The result was as follows :—Alderman Evans, Warrington, 729; Mr. H. Rowley, Oldham, 715; Mr. McLeevy, Birkenhead, 215; Mr. Marshall Bardsley, Dukinfleld, 211; Mr. J. H. Knott, Bolton, 205. Alderman EVANS briefly returned thanks for the honour conferred upon him. Mr. HENRY ROWLEY, president of tha Oldham Licensed Victuallers' Association, and Mr. James Pax- ton, of Wigan, were elected members of the committee.

THE LICENSING ACT.

The CHAIRMAN said that at the last meeting of the District he expressed the hope that the Licensing Bill would be such a one as they might support, and that it would contain clauses dealing fairly with the mem- bers of the trade and giving adequate compensation to all persons interested in licensed property and to licencees for the loss of their licences through no fault of their own. He was pleased to say that his hopes had been fulfilled to a very great extent. Although the Bill when it was introduced did not exactly satisfy the trade, it had, through the tact and perseverance of the Licensed Victuallers' Joint Parliamentary Committee during the Parliamentary proceedings, been altered in many respects to their reasonable satisfaction. The tax on spirits which was put Oh in 1890 still con- tinued to be paid and produced £440,000 per annum. The tax imposed on beer and spirits as a war tax during the South African campaign was also still being paid thereby crippling the trade to a very serious extent. The new Licensing Act contained the high-sounding word compensation, but the money had to be found by the trade—they were, in fact, compensating themselves with their own money. That made a third tax imposed upon the trade. The time limit suggested during the progress of the Bill would have been ridiculous had it been passed. Suppose a clause had been inserted limit- ing the time to fourteen years it would not only have been unfair, but it would have been another method of robbing those connected with the trade. The Bill had now become an Act of Parliament, and it was the duties of the members of the League tb asssst in carrying out its provisions. If in the course of time it was found there was any injustice to thPm, there was no doubt that on a proper representation being made Parliament would be willing to rectify it.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
LONG PULL CONDEMNED,

The Preston and District Licensed Victuallers' Asso- ciation asked the district for an expression of opinion on the "long pull" system, and the Rochdale and Dis- trict Association asked the meeting to use its influence against the practice of giving "three-halfpenny pints" which had recently become prevalent in that town. Mr. RUSHWORTH, of Rochdale, asked the meeting to pass a resolution denouncing the sale of cheap beer and drawing the attention of magistrates to the matter. Councillor TURNER thought that in view of the altered conditions brought about by the Licensing Act it would be a very dangerous thing to approach the justices. The meeting adopted a resolution protesting against the long pull and cutting in prices and asking affiliated societies to do their utmost to prices, the practices.

THE ADMINISTRATION OF THE NEW ACT.

Councillor TURNER alluded to the remarks of Sir Horatio Lloyd at the Cheshire Quarter Sessions with reference to "setting the house in order" for the 'incoming of the new Act. The Act was almost a skeleton until it was clothed by the rules governing its administration which had to be arranged by the Home Secretary. He. thought repre- sentations should be made to the Home Secretary asking him to inform the trade at as early a date as possible what kind of rules would be adopted. He (Councillor Turner), did not see why one district simply because it had a different licencing policy from another should be allowed to form a separate area. Mr. McLEEvv, of birkenhead, thought every associa- tion should petition the Chancellor Of the Exchequer to relieve the trade of the war tax of 6d. per gallon on spirits and Is. per bartel on beer. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman, Alderman Evans, who proposed it, expressing regret that the Mayor was unable to welcome the delegates to Warrington.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY.

Piano for the Workhouse Inmates.

The quarterly meeting of the Warrington Co-opera- tive Society was held in the Co-operative Hall, Sanke,- street, on Tuesday evening, Mr. Birchen presiding over a large attendance.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. S. GOUGH THREATENS LITIGATION.

Mr. RATHBONE reported that Mr. S. Gough had written threatening to take proceedings against the Society if they persisted in the erection of the addi- tional buildings at their Winwick-street branch. Mr. Gough contended that the extention of the premises was an infringement of the light and air of the back portion of his property. He also contended that it in- fringed the light and air of a number of cottages. Mr. Rathbone pointed out that with regard to the cottages the windows did not face the Society's premises but faced Mr. Gough 's own premises. Mr. Rathbone further reported that the matter had been taken up with Mr. Gough but that nothing futher had transpired.

THE QUARTER'S PROGRESS.

The quarterly balance sheet showed that as com- pared with the corresponding quarter of last year tho sales had increased by £2,000. Mr. BIRCHALL remarked that the sales during certain weeks in the quarter were the largest on record in con- nection with the society. The balance sheet was adopted. PIANO PRESENTED TO WORKHOUSE INMATES..

Mr. RAntuo:cr...reic,Or-t-ed that the committee had re- ceived a request from Mrs. Clay, a lady member of the Warrington Board of Guardians that the Society should present a piano to the inmates of the Warrington workhouse. Mrs. Clay pointed out that a musical in- strument was greatly needed. Mr. BIRCHALL remarked that the commiteee felt that the provision of a piano as suggested would supply a long felt want and would do a great deal towards the brightening of tho lives of the inmates of the Work- house. - -

Mr. W. J. SHAw endorsed Mr. Birchall's remarks,and on the question being put to the meeting it was unani- mously decided to purchase a piano for presentation to the inmates of the Workhouse.

ELECTION OF COMMITTEE MAN.

Mr. Malone-;;;;bia-larg; majority elected to fill the vacancy on the committee caused by the resignation of Mr. J. W. Bouchier.

Mr. F. MONKS. whose presence was heartily welcomed alluded to the completion orMr. Rathbone's 40th year of service to the society, and said be would like to add his testimony to the value of his services during that time. The committee of the society were like a Board of Directors, and were of great value, but unless they were backed up by a capable manager they would be of little value. He had known Mr. Rathbone for a con- siderable number of years, and he had never met anyone who possessed a greater sense of integrity and upright- ness,or one whose character would beam a closer investi- gation. He suggested that, as Mr. Ratbbone bad com- pleted 40 years of service to the society, his work should be recognized in a substantial manner.

Mr. HAIGH proposed that the matter of the proposed testimonial be left in the hands of the committee. This was seconded and heartily carried. _

Mr. RATHRONE thanked the meeting for their kind- ness, but expressed a hope that the question of the testi- monial would be left over until he had actually severed his connection with the society. He felt he could not continue in office many years longer.

-- -

Church Sunday School Teachers' Association. The quarterly meeting of the Warrington and Dis- trict Church Sunday School Teachers' Association was held in St. Peter's School, John-street, on Monday evening. The Rev. B. Percival presided over a large attendance of tetrchers. A paper was read 14y Mr. T. E. Gibson upon the position of teachers in church,and a suggested phase of their work was given. The leading idea suggested by Mr. Gibson was that -necially selected and recognized teachers should take charge of young people, after passing the classes held by the clergy for preparing for 'confirmation ; and also for the banding together of the adult members of the Church. This, the speaker contended, would en- able a much larger use to be made of the laity in con- nection with the Church, would tend to retain those who had been confirmed in communion with the Church, and also assist in providing a larger body of lay workers. The Rector, and the Revs. E. C. E. Carleton, James, Davies and others, most favourably commented upon Mr. Gibson's paper for which he was thanked.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
el)

WARRINGTON MANUFACTURER FAVOURS GARDEN CITIES.

linoler the heading " Day to Day in Liverpool " the following notes appear in Wednesday's " Liverpool Mercury ":—Mr. A. H. 'Lee, who was present on the platform at the P.S.A. demonstration in the Philhar- monic Hall, the other evening, is a Warrington manu- facturer, who escapes each evening from the smoke of that busy manufacturing town for the more salubrious air in West Kirby, where his home is situated. Mr. Lee's father is a leading commercial man in Manchester and at one time sat in the House of Commons in the Liberal interest as one of the members for Southamp- ton. Politics do not seem to have the same attraction for the son: but he is deeply interested in religious and philanthropic movements. At Warrington, Mr. A. H. Lee has taken a prominent part in establishing a local branch of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, while he was the first to provide poor boys with a fortnight's holiday at the seaside. He introduced the tapestry industry into Warrington. Following in the wake of the Morris school, his productions are characterised by a harmonious blending of colours, besides being artistic in design. Mr. Lee views with a favourable eye 'the Garden City movement. As a result the people of Warrington are hoping that this enthusiasm will not lead him to transfer his manufactory to any other centre, however beautiful its boulevards and surroundings. If Mr. Lee thinks well to remove his factory, he would find a welcome for such an enterprise either in Liverpool or in Birkenhead. At Aintree, he would find a neighbour of like mine in Mr. NV. P. Hartley.

LABKI3'.3 B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in sex, all aoquirecl or constitutiunal discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s, 6d eaeh, of all chemists aud Patent Mecipine Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln.— Ad Vt.

FLoiRILINE I—FOR THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all paraaitea or impurittes. hbrdena the gums, prevents tartar, slops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar peuly •Rhitenees and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or le per jar for the Floriline " Powder," of all chemists cud Perfumer., Ad vt.

VALUABLE DIECOVERY VCR THE ITAIR.—If your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair harmingly beautiful, as well .13 promoting tht srowtn. for 39. " 7.. Pr bottle.

To ItIoTHEns. _ars. INistsLow's soothing dyrup nas peen used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their chil then while teething.with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural quiet cleep. by relieving the child from ;sin and the little cherub awakes .1 as bright as a button." 11 Chemists Is. lfd per bottle.—Advt.

yoIT MUST KNOW GAUTIER'S PILLS. composed kJ of Apiol Tansy, Pennyroyal, and Steel haGULATB THR SYSTRM. Invaluable for all disorrters f the fernalel ccnstitution. Post free mi., 2s. 3d. and 4e. 6d. per box. Mention this paper. bole Agents, BALDWIN & - Chemists (Tept.e4Co) 9. Electric Parade, Holloway, London.

0111111111111

FITZROY HEEL PAD.

Guaranteed. Best Quality Revolving Heels obtainable at the low prices of LADIES, 4id., GENTS, Wid., per pair, post free. LAURIE S. McCONNAL, Ltd. Rubber Heel Specialists, CAMBRIDGE.

°amino Testimonials on application.

ouivol

MADE IN ENGLAND.

The "ECLIPSE" POITNTA/S & STYLOGRALPHICI PENS Eclipse all others. Fountain Pen aa Screw Section, Twin Peed, with Silver Spiral and 14-cf. Gold Nib, onlv 4s. ed. STICLOGRAPHIC Pax, Perfect Flow, 2s. 3d; Each in 1305 with Filler complete. Money returned if satiefaction in not giros:- Send Postal Order to F. POOCK, Whyke Road. CJiicboster.

R 0 Y iHE Fri _ ! _ . .HEEt. PAD ~/ -

OEM

===== 0002601_19041022_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
_ SO - pRINATE .—From with your own s 116 MAS CARD_ PER DOZ.

• . Printed with lons own Wording. Name and Address. SIMPLE BOOS SENT for selection—which is returnable. THOMAS BROTHERS & CO..THC PRINTERS.

EVERTOR ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Taken

A disease neglected inevitably means health lost. No one can afford to be ill. Sickness is costly, painful and dangerous. When you commence to feel run down, give Nature a friendly lift. Help it to throw off the impurities that clog the system. There is nothing like

time

•

!JEI

C

A

H

• "4"

pek ;11 **." ' .i,

P

I

L

S

to put the Bowels in good working order, to repair the Liver, to improve the Digestion and banish Headache and Insomnia. A few doses will make you feel like yourself. Beecham's Pills will do this. They prove all they claim. They save time, worry and expense.

save

dangerous

ills.

Sold Everywhere in Boxes, price le. lid. (36 pit

Is). and 2s. 9d. (168 pills).

PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM

AND DADO MOULDINGS.

English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regi!ding A Speciality. Largest stook ot Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTHRN BCOK. 160 pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. IMPORTER OF GLASS. GLASS STOCK LISTS FREE ON APPLICATION.

H. MORELL, 17 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, Lotiooti, w.c. • Warehouses: 11, 12:and 13, Bears Yard, and 41, Beal Street, (in the rear). Telegraphio Address:—" Rabbitry, .--ch.=.• Telephone 6135 Central

,EY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No• 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used In the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. Once tried, always wanted, MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW, _

he greatest boon ever offered to the Laundress for imparting an Ivory Finish tostarchedLinen.Laces,etc It does not stick to rpider-web-llke materials. S old everywhere in Packets at Id., 3d.. and 6d.. each.

I

• ,•! , , Ji.

CRITCHL OP 21, fisj 'll5 'ft).- "...eater

===== 0002601_19041022_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPARED ONLY BY

T. eRiTeRLEY, Chemist. i3I.7WICHCIRN. 7, Whiter.,,. treet, London, 16. U.

Awarded Certiticate,of fderit for the cure of ail irregulari- ties, anaemia, and all tem.le complaints. They have the approvai of the Medical Profession. Beware of Imitations, The only genuine and original are in IVltzte Paper Wrapper?, Boxes ls lid and 25 9d of all chemists, or by post, is. 21. and 8. 10d. Makers, C and G KELRSLEY, 42, W‘terloo Boad2London S.B.,(late of 17, North street, Westminster). Note White Wrapper.] Sold in the Colonies,

KEATINGSs LozENGEs EASILY CURE THE WORST COUGH. One gives relief. An increasing sale of over So years is a certain test of their value. Sold in Tins Mid. each.

....... • Is Wonderful water prooter tor ales tens OalUBd plresilerAveNe" t hSeS. D Plrasant odour allow polish- ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITION HIGHEST AWAIIDS. Cabbin Tins ad.. bd., t'• 6.315 of Boot Makers, Saddiers, Ironntoneer: &c. Mannlactory East Dul-snth London.

KEARSLETSICOYEARS.RENTATION WIDOW WELC+I'S FEMALE PILLS.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR THE BLOOD :S THE LIFE

CLA.RKE'S woRLoAmEo

===== 0002601_19041022_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
BLOOD MIXTURE

THOUSANDS OF TNSTIMONIALS.

'We have seen hosts of letters from people who nay received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood frozn all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes an further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought tc ‘ight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend It o our subscribers and the public generally."

I Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for It removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and I Is. each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro-' rietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG ONIPANT La::::OLN. Beware of worthless imitiation!.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
-

rai*t • • I lug- \

L

===== 0002601_19041022_art0106.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
71:

===== 0002601_19041022_art0107.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19041022_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NOtinaT' ADING

Review of the evidence by Mr. S. Norbury Wifflanis

Councillors Pemberton and Horrocks.

Direct and Indirect Trading detailed

and condemned.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
REMARKABLE DISCLOSURES.

with the Corporation during the period covered by the The report of the three Commissioners appointed by inquiry the Municipal Non-Tracing Association to inquire into all trading between past and present members of the Council or officials of the Corporation with the Corporation, either direct or indirect, was presented to His Worship the nayor yesterday. Its production 1 has involved an enormous amount of labotir and no time has been lost in completing the report so that it might be placed before the ratepayers. We append herewith an almost verbatim account of the report which runs as follows :

£ s . c:>. Arpley Chemical Co. ........... —..... 7 7 11 Artingstall and Co. BO 7 4 'Buckley and Co. 'Castle Rubber Co 30919 9 Collins Green Colliery Co. "Crosfield and Sons Fairclough and Sons Firth Co. Fletcher, Russell, and Co 1,717 16 9 greening and Sons 474 0 6 .G. and J. Greensll , 4 711 .liesketh and Son - 671 310 Hodgkinsons 2l 16 3 Hough & !italic) Ingram 605 18 10 Longford Wire Co. Mackie & Co. 7lOO 8 5 Monks, Hall, & Co. 'Observer Printing Co. 574 4 2 Pearson & Knowles Coal & Iron Co 34666 0 7 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter Co. 2615 16 .5 Skeltons Waring & Co. 7 10 8 Warrington Slate Co. 'Warrington Catriage Co 42 7 3 Warrington and District 'Bill- costing Co. 'Warrington and .District Electric Light and Power Co. Warrington Express Billposting Co 43 0 8 Warrington Fish and Game Co 3l 15 11 Warrington Syndicate Warrington Cafe Alderman J. Shaw Green.

Gearre e la EN,— HEREWITH WE BEG TO PRESENT OUR REPORT. The Inquiry which has just been conchuled has been the outcome of a series of public meetings held in Warrington, -each of which has been very largely attended. At these meetings, and in communication to the Press, demands were repeatedly made for an inquiry into the whole of the trading which had been carried on between members of the Town Council or the companies with which they were associated, and the Council itself. Sound public policy has always dictated that there should be no personal interest accruing to public repre- sentatives as a result 'of 'their membership of public bodies. The House of Commons, in reference to the conduct of its own members, is scrupulously particular in this zegard, and the Municipal Corporations' Act of 1835, and the amended Act of 1882, have specifically enacted that trading, or the receiving of profit by mem- bers of Corporations, -shall render such members in- eligible to hold office. It is true that the Act of 1882 contains clauses which enact, amougst otherthings, that trading with limited liability companies shall not disqualify members of Borough Councils holding-shares in such companies; but the people of Warrington have been convinced that 'the trading carried on for years between the Council smLcompanies in which a number of its members are largely intere,sted,although it may not have been illegal has been so extensive and systematic, and has so seriously demorafised public life there, that the present Inquiry has been Tendered absolutely necessary. At the public meetings to which reference hat already been made, the speakers have referred time after time to the trading which has been carried on between limited liability companies ill the town and the Cor- poration itself. In the course of these meetings, ten or more of such companies have been specifically named. The members of the Town Coencil connected with such companies have also been named, and it is largely asn result of these etatements that this Inquiry wasi de- manded. For months the Town Council steadily and repeatedly opposed the bedding of the inquirv, and it was only by force of outside public opinion thitt the Council was 'driven to assent to such an inquiry., Ultimately it consented to the appointment of three members of the Council and of three members of the Non-Trading Association who should act as Comnfissioners and hold the Inquiry. After certain preliminaries, the terms of the inquiry 'were settled as 'follows : ' That an Inquiry beheldieto all Trading by past and present members of the Council, or officials of the Corporation, with -the Corporation, either direct or indirect, through limited companies, cr officials of such companies, or as contractors or sub-con- tractors,cr any dealings or transactions of any kind whatever between members of the Town Council or officials of the Corporation and the Corporation. That the period of Inquiry shall be from the Ist April. 18P6, to 31st March, 1903." Under these conditions the Commissioners have held ,69 sittings, extending from September 16,1203, to Sep- tember 5, 1904. The three Council Commissioners— Messrs. T. Birchall, J.P., A. J. Jolley, J.P., and L. Greening—were members of the Inquiry Committee up -to the 56th Sitting, held en July 21,1903,and on the 29th July these tksee gentlemen:waned their Report. In our opinion there were at that time so many points that had not been fully inquired into, that the action of our colleagues, in closing the Inquiry, was a matter of great surprise to us. We were and are emphatically .of opinion -that this action on the part of our colleagues was, to say the least, premature. To prove that it was so, we need only point to their very meagre report. Our definiteinstructions were to inquire Into the Trad- ing, both direct and 'indirect, and yet in the Report published on the 29th of ffnly by our three colleagues, no allusion is made to that most serious item of indirect trading on the part of many individuals and companies who have been engaged in •It. This was one half, and probably the more important half, of our work, and yet our colleagues make no reference to it in their Report. On this point, of course, we dissent from their Report. We forwarded a protest to the Mayor of the Borough against this sudden, unexpected, and we may almost say, unpardonable closing of the Inquiry. The matter was then laid by His Worship before the Council, and the Council decided unanimously that the Inquiry should be continued. Our three colleagues refused to take any further part in the Inquiry, and three new Commissioners—Councillors James Evans, Arthur Peacock, and John Wilkinson, J.l).—were appointed in tkeir stead. These gentleman have sat with us during the 'last 13 sittings. 'The points which we have to report as coming out, in our opinion, most definitely are these :- 1) That the trading, both direct and indirect, which had been alleged at the public meetings in ques- tion, has been amply proved. We include in this Report a list of the persons and the companies with whom we find that this trading has been carried on. We are convinced, from the evidence that has been laid before us, that this network of trading has demoralised the municipal government of the town. The opinions and acts of both officials and members of the Corpora- tion have, as a consequence of it, become-loose and unsatisfactory, and a condition of things has been pro-j duced which has been of infinite harm to Warrington,' and which, if it prevailed on the same scale throughout the boroughs of the country, would render municipal government a byword and a scandal. (2) We have to complain—and to complain most seriously—that the burgesses who knew most, about the trading which has been carried on, many of whom ha-I themselves been engaged in it, and upon whom we have called to give' us evidence, have, almost without exception, reneged to hlp us. This we con- sider a most serious phase of this Inquiry. The help of those who knew most has been steadily withheld from us, and as a result we have found it most difficult to ascertain anything more than a small portion of the facts which would have been brought out, had the assistance in queetion been rendered to us. This fact, we &milder, shows a lamentable absence of public spirit, and reflects great discredit upon all the persons concerned. (3) The ignorance of the officials, as shown throughout their examinations, isastounding. Had this been a Corporation Inquiry, and had the officials been instructed to state all they knew, there is no doubt that they could have given full information. But in our case, such is the condition of affairs in Warrington, and such, in our opinion, is the repugnance of the Council as a whole to this Inquiry, that it has been most difficult to extract information from the gentle- men in question. The part played by them in this Inquiry is, in our judgment, a discredit to them. We have appended extracts from their evidence in order to show the "ignorance" of which we complain. We agree with the finding of our three colleagues in the five specific cases upon which they have reported, and we find that the following members of the Council and officials have traded either directly or indirectly with the Corporation within the seven years embraced in our instructions : List of Members of Town Council and Officials of the Corporation, from April let, 1896, to March 31st, 1903, who were shareholders in limited companies trading with the Corporation : Bennett, Arthur Bolton, William Brough, Walter Burton, Thomas Cannell, James Crosfield. John Davies, Percy Fairclough. James Forshaw, W. J. Francomb. R. W. Gomel', J. H. Gornall, J. G. Green, J. Shaw Greenall, Edward Greening, Linmeus Haddock, W.:I Many of the cases are trivial, and are-included here solely for the purpose of carrying out our instructions; but we have dealt at length, in the body of our Report, with such cases as appear to us serious, and to call for the condemnation of the burgesses of Warrington. We hear add a list of the Limited Companies in which members or officials of the Town Council were interested with the amount of the transactions of each Company

117 15 6

We find that this gentleman (since dead) was a share- holder in, and also secretary of Jolla Buckley and Co., Ltd., carting contractors, which did business with the Corporation in each of the seven years in question. We find that in the two years 1898-9-1900-1 there was no competition for the business which was given to them. The seven years' trading amounted to £5,430. We have no evidence as to why there was no competition, but we hold-strongly that it was contrary to the best interests of the town that a prominent member of the: Corporation should be a considerable shareholder in and the secretary of a business concern trading so largely with the Corporation of which he was a member, and, , for along period, chairman of its Finance Committee. Mr. Green was also a director of the Warrington and District Billposting Company, Ltd., in which Aldeeman Sutton was also a shareholder. This latter company likewise did business with the Corporation during each of the seven years. We further find that Mr. Shaw Green received £lO 10s. on July 21st, 1900, for negotia- tions carried on by him in reference to an exchange of land with the Corporation, and, what makes the case worse, we find that Mr. Green was Deputy-Chairman of the Committee on whose behalf the negotiations were carried on, and.from which he received this payment. The Committee had appointed Mr. Green along with Mr. Robert Davies, solicitor, to negotiate. This sum was paid to him by a cheque of the Corporation. This transaction we regard as reprehensible. No official ought to have been a party to it, and no member of the Corporation ought to have agreed to the cheque being issued. - - - -

Heaton, Robert Holmes, C. J. Jolley, Alf red Jolley, A. J.

Monk , F. W.

Parr, J. C.

Pemberton John Roberts, F. it. Roberts, Henry Roberts, John Roberts, William Skelton, W. P. Smethurst James Sutton, Thomas H. Wright, .1. E.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
------- Warrington and District Electric Light and

Power Company, Ltd.

We find that Alderman Francomb, Dr. J. Cannon (since dead), and Councillor Alfred Jolley were share- holders in this company, and that all of them were members of Committees of the Council which gaste orders to the company. We find further that Alderman Francomb was Chairman of the Water Committee and at the same time also managing director of this Electric Light Company. Amongst other items we find that, in violation of the Council's Standing, Order, an order of the value of over £6OO was given without advertisement, by the Water Committee to this Electric Light Company. The total trade done by the Corporation with.the company in five years was £2,154• Within the seven months immediately preceding. the commencement of the agitation the company obtained orders for Corporation work amounting to not less than £2,000. Seven contracts were obtained within two months. In 1902 Aid. Francomb held 267 shares in this company. Dr. Cannell „ 50 f ff Coun. A. Jolley,, 100 f ft We invited Alderman Francomb to give evidence. He declined. In our opinion it is most reprehensible that Alderman Fnuicomb, the managing director of this Company, should himself, as chairman of the Corpora- tion, pass and actually sign the invoice of his own

===== 0002601_19041022_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
company. Alderman Francomb and the Silk Case.

- -- In the year 1900 Mr. Richard Silk was a clerk in the employ of Alderman Franc,omb, and between August and December the Corporation paid to Silk sums of about £521 for cannel supplied to the Gas Committee. A Committee was appointed by the Town Council on May 24th. 1901. to inquire into the circumstances under which those payments were made. This Committee received the evidence of several witnesses, and after- wards reported that Silk was during the whole period a servant of Alderman Francomb, and that the cheques paid to Silk by the Corporation for this cannel were afterwards endorsed by him and paid into Francomb's bank account. We have seen those cheques. We have asked Messrs. Francomb and Silk to appear before us. Both of them have refused to come. Mr. Haddock, the gas manager, was found by this committee to have given a verbal order for this coal without the knowledge of the Gas Committee. We called Mr. Haddock, who gave us the following -striking evidence :- 2256 Mr. Williams: Can You explain briefly as to the coal that was received through Mr. Richard Silk. Who gave the order for that stuff ? A. I did. 2257 Q. Did you give it to Richard Silk? A. No. 2258 Q. To whom did you give the order? A. To Mr. Fmncomb. 2259 Q. He was a member of the Council? A. Yes but it was not given to him. He said he was not 'doing business; he had transferred his business. I asked that question. I said we could not give him the order if he came as an Alderman, and he said he had transferred his business to Silk. It is some cannel. :they might have it or they might not. Sometimes you can get it and sometimes you cannot. It was just at the time we were short of cannel. They had bad a failure in the colliery we were dealing with—Turner's Colliery. They had had some falling 'in of the shaft and we could not get our cannel from them, and we were very glad to have an opportunity of taking an odd lot. 2260 Q. Tell me how this came about? A. You have the shorthand notes taken at the time. 2261 Q. But they are not full enough for our satisfaction. A. It is such a long time since, I ' have a difficulty in remembering exactly. 3262 Q. Alderman Francomb cams to you aid mentioned this stuff? A. Yes. 2263 Q. And told you this stuff was in existence and he could let you have it? A. Yes. 2264. Q. And you knew he was Alderman Fran- comb ? A. Certainly. 2265 Q. Was this coal or cannel from J. and R. Stone. Wa that it? A. Yes. 2266 Q. Were they the colliery people? A. Yes. 2267 Q. At the time Alderman Francomb solicited the order for this coal did he sayanything to you that it would have to come in somebody else's name? A. No. T asked him the question. I said we could not deal with him for it directly, and he said he had no interest in it whatever. He had transferredhis business to Silk, and Silk would do the business. He had merely asked 'on Silk's behalf. 2268 Mr. Pemberton: That vvas after you pointed it out? A. After I mentioned it. 2269 Mr. Williams: He practically said to you, "I am simply canvassing for a man named Silk"? A. Yes. 2270 Mr. Pemberton: After Mr. Haddock had pointed out he could not trade, being an Alderman. 2271 Mr. Williams: You thought the transac- tion was perfectly square and straight? A. The transaction from our point of view was very straight. because we got the cannel at our own price. 2272 Q. You got the stuff you wanted? A. We got it when we wanted it. and we were to fix the price at what we thought it was worth after we had tried it. There was no price mentioned and no quantity mentioned. We had the option of taking what might turn up or leaving it, and after trying a little, to say what it was worth, and they would invoice it at whatever I thought was the right price for it. 2273 Q. Did you not think it singular that an Alderman of the Corporation should come to you for an order for coal? Did it not strike you as

===== 0002601_19041022_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 22, 1904.

'being out of the 'proper order of things? A. I registeted Pebruary 25th, 1901-597 shares were taken architect." Two local makers supplied sample loads, mentioned that to htna. up. Clettatillor F. R. Roberts held 50, and was a direc- and Mr. Cooper's firm afterwards learned that their 2274 Q. That would at once strike you. A. Oh tor. ite was also the solicitor to the company. The bricks had been approved. Within a week of sending Tes• ~. ' trading began within a few weeks of the formation of in their sample, two representatives of the Warrington 2275 Mr. Pemberton : He put it to Alderman the company. The secretary of the company was Mr. Slate Company went to Woolston to see Mr. Daniel i Vrancomb when he came and asked for the order. , John E. Davies, brother-in-law of Councillor F. R. Cooper. He was not at his works, having gone to a 0276 Mr. Eirchall : Francomb had hed the busi- Roberts and Alderman Henry Roberts. ! funeral. The two gentlemen found him, and proceeded ness arid had sold it, and wanted to push it on. ' Hough & Maile, Ltd. . Ito the Rope and Anchor, Woolston, where the three had 2277 Mr. Pemberton : Mr. Haddock says he , la conversation in a private room behind the bar. The representatives of the Warrington Siete Company cfffered it. and he said, "We cannot trade with you 1 This company was registered on October 26th. 1901. because Yu are an Alderman of the Borough," and i The capital was £2,000: Of this amount only 1,432 informed Mr. Cooper that their firm were in he said. ' I have sold it to Mr. Silk." 1 shares were taken up to April, 1902. Of this number a position to place with him an order for 2278 The Witness: I think all the evidence cart , Councillor F. R. Roberts held 400. He was a director. 500,000 bricks for the Warrington Police Buildings be preduced. it was fresh in -my 'tilted at the time. j The company traded with the Corporation. The provided he would allow them a commission of Is. per It was a long time ago. ' secretary of this company and Mr. F. R. Roberts were 1,000. Mr. Cooper did not then give them a decision,as 22.79 Mr. Williams: All we want to get is that requested to give evidence. They, like so many others, he desired to consult his brother. About two days later it was Alderman Francomb who had approached you I made no reply to our invitation. We had intended to he called on Mr. Gordon Roberts at the office of the for this order for this stuff ? A. Yes. ! examine themas to the illeged transfer of the shares of Wavrington Slate Company,and'offered to allow them 6d. In •crar judgment this action on the part of Alderman ; Mr. F. R. Roberts to Mr. Hough and Mr. Maile. This per I,ooo.Mr.G.Roberts said it was not worth the trouble Francorab was of a sufficiently serious character to • was an important matter, but we are unable to give any, of putting it through their books • " it we could not justify his colleagues in asking him to leave the Coun- details as the witnesses did not att end. [lt will be allow is. Per 1,000, which was little enough, we could cil. It is to the last degree demoralisine to all Parties remembered that the two gentlemen who had attended not get the order." A few days afterthe interview with concerned that members of the Council should" busy, 'at the office of the company and requested to see the Mr. Gordon Roberts, Mr. Cooper waited upon Mr. themselves to secure orders for themselves, their ser- list of shareholders were, contrary to law, refused.] [ Davenport, and offered the bricks at 245. He states vents, or their friends from offieials of the Corporation . of which they are members. Alderraan Francomb was The Warrington Slate Company, Ltd. that Mr. Davenport says," if they come through the I Slate Company,it is all right." His original quotation also a shareholder in the 'Castle Rubber Company, Ltd., Mr. Henry Roberts, who was until November, 1902, to Mr. Davenport was 255. If he had known he would which traded with the Corporation. He held about an alderman, and was Mayor in the two years 1899 and : have had to allow this is. commission to the Warrington one ninth of the paid-up shares of the company. The 1900, held in this company, according to the latest re- , Slate Company, he, Mr. Cooper, asserts he would have , rading amounted to 2310. turn, 887 £lO shares out of a total of 1,725 issued. Mr. i quoted 265. The end of the negotiations was that Alderman Robert Heaton. Roberts was the managing director during the seven Messrs. Cooper did not get the order for bricks. We years. Among the shareholders we also finetbat a eon- find that Greengate (St. Helens) bricks were used in- We find that the late Aldermen Robert Heaton siderable number of shares are held by Mrs. Roberts, stead ; that they cost from 3s. to 4s.per 1,000 more than , traded both directly a.nd indirectly with the Corpora- land by Henry Gordon Roberts, Richard MoMinnies Messrs. Coopers' and we have it on the evidence of tion. We caetnot state the exact amount of the indirect I Roberts, and 'Ethel Carter Roberts, his children. The Councillor Wilkinson that the sole agent in Warring- trading, but We find the amount of trading during the ' company continuously traded both directly and in- ton for these Greengate bricks was the Warrington seven Tears standing in the names of William Helton directly with the Corporation during the period under Slate Company. From this evidence it appears to us (his brother) and G.T. Heaton (his nephew) was £1,987. review. The direct trading has amounted to £16,659. that although the Warrington Slate Company did not Evidence was given us that, to discharge accounts de- It has been impossible for us to ascertain the amount receive the commission they asked from Messrs. livered in the name of William Heaton, cheques were of indirect trading, seeing that Mr. Henry Roberts has Cooper, who lost the order, they ultimately secured the paid to Alderman Robert Heaton's account, an in refer- refused to come before us, and the officials have shown order for the brick manufacturers whom they repre- d ence to this point Mr. A. J. Jolley stated "It is a a remarkable ignorance on the subject, Mr. Roberts sented, and we presume they received their commission matter of common knowledge." In this case we are in wrote us that he was willing to answer questions in from the latter firm. agreement with our three colleagues, so that all six are writing, but seeing that the transactions of the coin- I At the time these interviews took place, Alderman unanimous. We find-also that Alderman Heaton was a pany are so complicated and so numerous, we were of Henry Roberts and his family held the majority of the shareholder in the Warrington Express Billposting opinion that only by personal attendance, where there shares of the %,"arrington Slate Company ,• within a few Company,. Ltd., which traded with the Corporation could be cross-examination, would it be possible to months of the above-named interviews he became Mayor iri each of the seven years in question. arrive at a satisfactory conclusion as to the volume ,of Warrington,and the Greengate bricks in question were .Alderman James Smethurst. of indirect trading done. It has evidently been • supplied to the work during almost the whole period of very large, and we find that there is scarcely one work , his Mayoralty. In our opinion, this state of things is This gentleman was elected a member of the Coun- carried out by the Corporation in recent years to which greatly to be deprecated. We consider that no member cil on • ovember Ist, 1891, and has been a member con- the Warrington Slate Company has not supplied a great of a Council, much less a Mayor, should be directly or tinuously up to the present day. According to the share of the materials. From the evidence which we indirectly concerned in supplying materials to works evidence of Mr. Haddock, gasworks manager, he have been able to gather from various sources, we are which are in process while he is a member of the more than ever convinced of the demoralising effect ', Council. The practice is so thoroughly demoralising, has been -engaged in" direct and indirect trading with the Corporation Gas Committee from 1891 upon both officials and councillors of the introduction , that both members of the Council and officials should, until the transfer of the business to his son which is. of direct and indirect trading with limited companies in 'in the case of all public bodies, discountenance and statedto "have taken place four years ago. He had I which Corporation members are interested. We are , denounce the practice, and the men who are parties always a running account with the Gas Department, and aware that the law permits it, although the same law ,to it. must also have done a considerable business through Mr. enacts that the same trading shall not be carried on with I So difficult is it to obtain evidence in cases such as John Chorlev. whose trade with the Corporation in the private firms in which members of Councils are inter- this, that we recommend the burgesses of Warrington sell years'has amounted to £2,893135. sd. How much ested. As shown very clearly in Warrington, this is a to carefully peruse the evidence of Mr. dove; and to ne of this stun was for Smetb.urst's goods we -cannot distinction without a difference, and the result has been give it their close consideration. say, as l'lr. Chorley has not even sent a reply to our most lamentable: We would call special attention to . WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY—BRICKS. two req iests mede to him to come and give evidence, the case of the Tramway Contract executed by Mr. J. A. Alderm in Smethurst himself has declined to come. Ewart, and to the steps taken by this Company to This is a case in which there has been almost continuous become sub-contractors at a time when Mr. Henry illegal 'trading openly carried on for many years. (At Roberts, its managing director, was Mayor of the thisepaint Mr Haddock's evidence before the commission Borough and Chairman of the Tramways Committee, 1 is quoted.) and himself opened the tenders,no other member of the ' The Commissioners add "We find that Alderman Council being present. This case appears to us Smethurst was a shareholder in the following Cora- a most glaring instance of the evil effects which panties: N. Greening and Sons, Ltd. ; Observer Print- are brought about when members of a Corporation are 1 tag and Publishing Compe.ny, Ltd.; Skelton's Ltd.; and allowed to dabble in and indirectly to profit by the Richmond Gas Stove and Meter Company, Ltd.; the works executed by their Corporation. We have last named having done business to the extent of appended a list of 15 large contracts recently let by the 22,615 :during the year. Council, along with the contractors' names and amounts Alderman Thomas H. Sutton. expended:— We agree with our three colleagues in their Report on this case. We have found a number of items of improper trading in his own name, as well as several in the name of his son, Mr. J. H. Sutton (including one for £B5 worth of furniture). We find that Aldermen Sutton is a shareholder in the Warrington and District Billposting Company, Ltd.,and that (Siall,Z with two others) he holds shares in the Observer Printing and Publishing Company, Ltd., both of which companies have traded with the Council, the latter to the extent of £574. " Alderman F. W. Monks. According to the figures contained in the Corporation books, the total trade done with Messrs. Monks Hall, and Co., Ltd., was'only £9 12s. 9d. in the seven years We called Mr. Haddock, the gas manage; 'before 'us, and inquired of him on this point. We • append passages from this evidence :- 6088 Mr. Pemberton: You have bought a great many tubes, Mr. Haddock, have you not ? A. Yes, we have bought tubes from Caldwell's. 6089 Q. Who are the makers? Hall, and Co. 6090 Q. Was not Mr. Monks a member of this Council? A. Yes, he was a member of the Council; but I do not know that that has anything to do with it.' 6091 Q. That is what we call indirect trading. We do not want you to give us any opinion, but to tell us, as far as you know, of any goods that have been brought directly or indirectly into your department in that way? A. Ido not remember any. We know they have come from Mr. Monks because they have been delivered by their lurries. 6092 Mr. Williams: In Mr. Monks' own lurries? A. Yes. 6093 Mr. Pemberton: That is, as far as you know? A. Of course in that case of Mr. Monks it is, but whether he is a member of the firm Ido not know. 6094 Mr. Williams: At any rate that you have seen. You knew, first of all, that Mr. Alderman Monks was a member of the Council, and you have seen his carts? A. No, not that I have seen his. 6095 Q. Yes, the carts of Monks, Hall, and Co. go into your works with tubes? A. Yes. 6133 Mr. Peacock: How long have you been buying tubes for the Corporation? A. Ido not know when we began to buy. Soon after Monks and Hall commenced to make, because they quoted a lower price than the ring price at the time; we bought odd lengths just to satisfy our require- ments; but we kept on with Russell's. From these passages it would appear that the figure given above (£9 12s. 9d.) isibut a very small portion of the trading done by Messrs. Monks, Hall, and Co. It is evident that the amount done indirectly with Messrs. Monks was a serious item, but we are unable to state it in figures. We find that the total trade done by tfie Corporation with Messrs. Caldwells in the seven years was £8,562, but what exact portion of this was supplied by Messrs. Monks we are unable to report. We are of opinion that the fact that Messrs. Monks sent their goods on their own carts direct into the Corporation Gasworks, and that the officials were aware that Alder- man Monks was a member of the Corporation, presents emost unsatisfactory and demoralising condition of things. It is, in our view, contrary to sound public policy that materials of any sort should be supplied to Corporations by firms in which members of the Corporation are largely interested, seeing that those who have to receive and "pass " the goods are practically their own servants, and natur- ally would find it the difficult to refuse or reject.the materials s ipplied oy those whom they regard as their " masters."

We have carefully investigated nine specific cases in which a large quantity of bricks has been required in works carried out for the Corporation. We have beep surprised to find that, in each of these cases, although various other bricks have been definitely specified bik five architects and four officials, the invariable result has b3en that the bricks actually used have been those known as Greengate, for which the Warrington Slate Company,Ltd., are the sole agents in Warrington. We do not profess to be able to explain this remarkable change, but would impress on the ratepayers the advisability of their carefully perusing the whole of the evidence. They will then be able to grasp more clearly how this matter has worked. We have evidence that in one case alone, where four tendering firms were asked to give their prices for local bricks and for Greengate bricks respectively, it was found that they would charge for Greengate bricks £375, £3OO, £390, and £430 more than their price for common or local bricks. Seeing that this marked difference in price exists, and that Greengate are so much more expensive, we have to report that we have not been able to satisfy ourselves as to where the money has come from to pay the difference in the numerous cases where Greengate bricks have been substituted for the cheaper qualities. We had great difficulty in ascertaining who were the agents for these Greengate bricks. The officials seemed entirely ignorant on the subject, and the answer to the question was at last supplied, to our surprise by one of our colleagues. The following passage is taken from the evidence of Mr. Longdin. 5820 Mr. Pemberton: No one wishes you to do that Mr. Longdin. There are thousands of Green- gate bricks used in Warrington are there not? A. Yes. 5821 Q. Do you know who has the agency for them? A. Ido not. 5822 Q. Do you know who generally supplies them, then? A. No, I cannot say as ,to that. 5823 Q. Could you get them from Clare and Ridgway's? A. Ido not know whether you could or not. 5824 Mr. Evans You have had no direct orders yourself? A. No. 5825 Mr. Pemberton: It is not within your knowledge to say who is the agent for Greengate bricks in Warrington? A. No, it is not. 5826 Q. You have been here all these years- -27 years, I think you said—and rat you do not know who is the agent in Warrington for these bricks? A. No, Tdo not. 5827 Mr. Wilkinson: Will you ask me that question, Mr. Pemberton? 5828 Mr. Pemberton: No, I shall not. 5829 Mr. Wilkinson: Because I can tell you at once. It is the Warrington Slate Company. 5830 Mr. A. Peacock: I did not know that. I know that they are agents here, but I could not say what for, and yet I have bought bricks a great many times. 5831 Mr. Pemberton: There are half-a-dozen bricks in St. Helens that no person living could tell one from the other. They are made from the same material. 5832 Mr. Williams: Well, now, we have this information from Mr. Wilkinson that the sole agency in Warrington for the Greengate bricks is the Warrington Slate Company. 5833 Mr. Wilkinson: Yes, the Warrington Slate Company. Every little boy in Warrington knows that. 5834 Mr. A. Peacock : Ido not think you should keep asking Mr. Longdin as to whether his mind is clear on these points over and over again. 5835 Mr. Williams: Mr. Wilkinson says that every little boy in Warrington knows this condition of things exists, and yet Mr. Longdin, a Corpora- tion official, who has been here in this town for 27 years, says that he does not know. , 5836 Mr. Wilkinsou : Well, but why waste time upon a point like this? It has nothing whatever to do with the Inquiry. WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY.—TRAMWAYS SUB-CONTRACTORS.

s. d. Hospital Pavilion—H. Fairclough 4340 0 0 Hospital Administrativr Block—H Fairclough Electricity Station and Central Sanitary Depot—C. W. Davenport 20975 0 0 Delph-lane Pumping Station—C. W. Davenport 8616 p 1 Filter Beds and House, Appleton— Bennie and Thompson 8674 17 2 Hill Warren Reservoir—C. W Davenport Winwick Reservoir—George Bell 18503 8 3 Well Sinking and Adit Driving at Winwick—George Lawson 28287 0 0 Police Buildings—C. W. Davenport 27606 7 9 Technical Institute—C. W. Daven- p9rt _

13638 5 0

Sankey Sanatorium—C. %V. Daven- port _ _ 5018 10 3

Cr Sheds—Jos..Dolan 2334 11 0 Alterations to Gas Offices—F. W Wright . _ . _ _

998 0 0

A. Monks,

Exteniion of Baths—Jos. Dolan ... 4020 2 3 Tramways—Bennie and Thompson 16857 14 6 These figures do not include all the amounts expended on tramways. The total of the 15 contracts named amounts to £171,476. In every one of these cases the. Warrington Slate Company, as sub-contractors, supplied materials in large quantities. It is impossible to state the amount, owing to the reluctance of all concerned to give us informa- tion, and to the amazing " ignorance ' of the offi.cials. We give later on a number of instances showing how this information has had to be positively dragged out of these gentlemen. WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY—CEMENT.

In further illustration of the difficulty experienced by us in arriving at correct figures of sub-contracting, we may instance a case in which we requested Mr. C. W. Davenport to give us the value of materials supplied to him on six of his large contracts. This gentleman sent us the particulars, one of the cases reading thus,:—

HILL WARREN RESERVOIR : Total of the Contract £6748 0 0 Materials for this Contract sup- plied by Warrington Slate Co. £52 10 0 Having accidentally learnt that Mr. J. B. Johnson, of Liverpool, was a sub-contractor on this work, we in- vited him to give evidence, and were surprised to learn from him that, in addition to the £52 10s. received by the Warrington Slate Campany from the contractor (Mr. Davenport) he had himself paid the Slate Com- pany for cement alone, supplied to him as one of the sub-contractors upon this job, the sum of £670 14s. 4d. Another typical cement case is that of Mr. James; Lawson, the contractor for the well-sinking and adit- driving at Delph-lane. We heard of him, again by pure accident, and then wrote requesting him to attend and-give evidence "in reference to sub-contracts arising out of your contracts with the Warrington Corporation. He did not attend, but wrote as follows : • Water Works, Croft, Near Warrington. May 4th, 1904. To the Commissioners, Trading Inquiry, Town Hall, Warrington. Gentlemen,—l have yours of the 3rd instant, and in reply to same beg to say there are no sub- contracts in connection with the works here.— Yows truly, JA BIES LAWSON. We wrote again to this gentleman, and he replied thus : Water Works, Cioft, Near Warrington. May 6th, 1904. The Commissioners, Trading Inquiry, Town Hall, Warrington. Gentlemen,—l have yours of the sth inst. The amount paid to the Warrington Slate Company for materials is .£649.—Yours truly, JAMES LAWSON.

The officials were unable to supply us with *the names of the firms who supplied the materials for Messrs. Bennie and Thompson's contract for tramways per- manent way, so, after repeated attempts, we obtained the address of Mr. F. R. Marsh, who was clerk of works on this contract. Writing from Gibraltar on June 20th, 1904, he gives us the following particulars. Bennie & Thompson's contract: Rails: The Leeds Steel Works. Setts: Warrington Slate Company. Cement : Warrington Slate Company. Gravel: Warrington Slate Company. WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY—POLICE STATION—SANITARY FITTINGS.

How :many more of these cases there may be, and what the amount involved in them,it is quite impossible for its to say. - • ---

WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY.--DELPH LANE

iffkPING STATION.

We examined Mr. Deas as to this work, and his evidence was as follows:- 5229 Mr. Pemberton: Who supplied the goods that went on to the jobs? A. Any of the goods? If you come to that, on that job I believe it was

This is a very interesting case, for a right understand- ing of which a perusal of the full and voluminous evidence is necessary. Seven firms tendered, including the Warrington Slate Company, but the tender of the latter company is dated three days later than the date fixed for sending in the tenders ; but in spite of this fact it was not disqualified. Among those who tendered were—

£ s. d. Doulton & Co., London The Warrington Slate Co. (Messrs. Twyford's goods) 290 13 6 Twyford's, Ltd., Hanley

and three firms which quoted lower prices than the above. _

From the minutes of the Watch Committee of June 20th, 1902, we learn that it was resolved that a portion of the contract should be given to Messrs. Doulton & Co. and the remainder to Messrs. Twyford ; but as a matter of fact the order for the latter portion was given, not to Twyford's, but to the Warrington Slate Com- pany, and the architects certified to the Borough Treasurer that the sum of £l6l us. 9d. was due to this company. We append for perusal the following extracts from the evidence of Mr. S. Wilson, deputy town clerk :- 5681 Mr; Williams: Very well, can you explain this letter : Warrington Slate Company, Ltd, Warrington, June 17th, 1902.

Chas. A. Hindle, Esq., 11, Bridge-street, Manchester. Dear Sir.—ln reference to the commission due to the builder on Twyford's goods supplied to the new Police Buildings, we undertake to be respon- sible for this amount, and to pay same to the builder or to credit his account as he may desire. Will you, therefore, kindly pass the full amount of the account as agreed to this morning, and send on cheque accordingly. Thanking you in anticipation, we beg to remain, Yours faithfully, W. HAYES. For the Warrington Slate Company, Ltd. Can you, Mr. Wilson, 9xplain this letter in any way? 5682 The Deputy Town Clerk: No, I cannot. 5683 Mr. Williams: The Warrington Slate Company undertake to pay commission on Twyford's goods. You cannot, you say, explain it ? 5684 The Deputy Town Clerk: No, I don't know anything about that matter. It is a question entirely between the contractor and the architect. In another letter, which is included in the report, Mr. C. A. Hindle says :

===== 0002601_19041022_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
the Slate Company that !implied the material.

5230 Q. The w7hole of die stuff? A. Yes. 5231 Q. The Warrington Slate Company sup- plied bricks, cement, lime, and everything A. I do not know about lime—they would have the lime too. 5232 Q. Were there any other sub-contractors who supplied material there? A. No, none there. WARRINGTON SLATE CONIPANY.—WINWICK RESERVOIR. Mr. Dees also gave this evidence :- 5303 Q. Who was the contractor there (Winwick Reservoir) ? A. George Bell, of Westminster, was the contractor. 5304 Q. Do you know who supplied the stuff for that? A. I believe it was the Slate Company. We may add that the contract for this reservoir amounted to £18,503.

, W VIIRINGTON SLATE COMPANY.-GASWORKS EXTENSIONS.

Mr. Haddock says :- 6112 Q. Where did you get the bricks from? A. vrom the Slate Company and others. 6113 Q. You bought your own lime? A. Some- times we bought from the Slste Company. 6120 Q. You rould not know anything about the cement? A. The cement came from the Slate Company, I think. 6124 Q. What makes you think it did? A. Because most of the stuff, I think, came from there. 6125 Q. He got most of the stuff from the Slate Company? A. I believe so. , WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY—MR. D. COOPER.

We would call special attention to the evidence of Mr. Daniel Cooper, brick manufacturer, of Woolston. Seeing how difficult we have found it to obtain direct evidence, we tender our thanks to this gentleman for his public spirit in appearing beforeus. The case, briefly stated, was this: in 1899, the Corporation were about to erect police buildings on a larger scale. Mr. C. W. Davenport, of Stockton Heath, was the contrac- tor. He wrote to Mr. Cooper's firm (the Exors. of J. Cooper) asking them to supply a sample load of bricks, which they did. According to the specification the bricks were tp be" hard burned, true square, • machine- made comdon bricks, Din, by 44in. by 3in., from an approved maker, equal to sample to be first approved by

===== 0002601_19041022_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
Hesketh & Sons, Ltd.

This is a company whose business is that of painters and decorators. Its capital is £5,000. Councillors Walter Itrough, William Roberts, and F. R. Roberts were shareholders before the meetings were held in Parr Hall, but after their holdings had been publicly stated they all disposed of their shares as shown by the evi- dence. The company was registered in November, 1900 and within one year it did £647 of trade. The following evidence of Mr. W. Roberts shows the connection of 'Messrs. Win. Roberts and F. R. Roberts with two companies :- 2002 Mr. Williams: Was your brother the secretary of the Fish and Game Company? No; I was. 2003 Q, Was there any remuneration in connec- tion with that office? A: Small. 2004 Q. A small remuneration? A. Yes, but nothing in proportion to the time that was given to it. 2005 Q. Yo': were the paid secretary? A. Yes. 2006 Q. And your brother was the legal adviser? A. Yes. 2007 Q, The solicitor to the company? A. Yes. 2003 Q. Were you an official of Hesketa & Ltd.? A. I was. 2009 Q. Were you the secretary of that? A. Yes, secretary. 2010 Q. Also paid; I suppose? A. Yes; a small salary. (Al Q. And your brother, F. R. Roberts, was again solicitor? A. At the formation of the company. There has been no legal work since. We find that this company obtained the order from the Corporation for painting the Town Hall, although their tender was £3O higher than thpt of Mr. F'. J. Dell. The amount of the tender was £231 ss. We also find that the invoice (May, 1901) for the painting of the rown Hall amounted to £4OO 55., that the total amount of all invoices, including extras, totalled up to £497 14s, 9d. The order for painting Parr Hall was also given to this company although there were two lower tenders.

Warrington Fish and Game Company, Ltd.

Of this company, Councillors William Roberts and F. R. golferts and Alderman Henry Roberts were share- holders. Messrs. W. and F. R. Roberts were direc tors. The company traded with the Corporation, and we find that Alderman H. Roberts, a shareholder in the company signed as chairman of the Health Committee,on behalf of the Corporation, one of its invoices. We have already pointed out how very pernicious is this practice of act- ing in two capacities ; in fact, in being both seller and buyer. This company began to trade with the Corpora- tion five months after its registration, but the trading ceased on larch 29th, 1901 Councillor W. Roberts was the paid secretary of the company, and Councillor F. R. Roberts was its solicitor. The trading teas with the Hospitals, and was necessarily on a small scale.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
H. Ingram, Ltd.

• During the two yelrs 1901-3, the Corporation pcy- ments to this company were £605. The company was

===== 0002601_19041022_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
"The request for direct payment first came from the maker's agents—the Slate Company. We refused to entertain this unless Mr. Davenport made such request in writing—this he did. Both parties became responsible, and thus relieved your Committee from responsibility. It did not affect the amount, or in any other way concern Clients or Architects. C. A. H." WARRINGTON SLATE COIVIPANY.—MR. EWART'S

===== 0002601_19041022_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
CONTRACT.

As indicating the serious laxity which obtained in the general administration of the affairs of the Borough at the time of the public unrest which culminated in the outbreak of the agitation in 1901, the history of the occurences which led up to the letting of the Tramways Permanent Way Contrast is of the gravest import,and lurid light is thereby cast upon the conduct of some of the parties then responsible for the government of Warrington. The contract, was for the laying of the permanent way for the first section of the Warrington Tramways, and was ultimately let to Mr. J. A. Ewart. In the printed notices sent to the firms who proposed to tender, the following clause was included: (3) The names of the manufacturers of any portion of the material not made by the firm tendering must be given; also the names of the quarry from which it is proposed to obtain the paving setts." In another printed form supplied to the firms tendering, appears the following clause (also numbered 3) : "The names of the manu- facturers of any portion of the works not made by the firm tendering must be given." The tenders were to be delivered at or before 12 o'clock noon on Wednesday March 27th, 1901. Ten tenders were received,and they were opened by the then Mayor, Alderman lienyy Roberts, as is proved by the following letter from the Town Clerk to Messrs, Preece and Cardew, dated March 37th, 1901:

WarrinAton Tramways. Dear Sirs,—l have dispatched by the London and North-western Railway this afternoon all the tenders and plans received by me. The tenders have been opened and initialled by the Mayor in accordance with the Standing Orders of the Council. Yours faithfully, (Signed) J. LYON WII4TTLE. Mr. Henry Roberts has denied that he opened these tenders (in his letter to the Commissioners dated June 23rd last), but the above letter of the Town Clerk is conclusive on the point. Mr. Roberts not only opened the tenders, but he was the only member of the Com- mittee or of the Council who was present when they were opened. A short time afterwards a detailed account of the occurrences connected with the opening of the tenders was given by Mr. J. A. Ewart to Coun- cillor %V. J. Forshaw and Mr. James Dodds, who together heard his narrative in the railway train between War- rington and Liverpool. Mr. Ewart has been invited to attend before the Commissioners and give evidence in regard to his then grievances, and generally, but he has deqlined to do so. Under the eircumstances, and in view of the seriousness of the allegations which Mr. Ewart made to him and Councillor Forshaw, Mr. Dodds, on pressure from Messrs. Birchall and Greening, members of this Com- mission, consented to attend before the Commission and repeat what Mr. Ewart had stated. Before attend- ing, Mr. Dodds called by appointment upon Councillor Forshaw, accompanied by a witness (a member of this Commission), and read to Councillor Forshaw the evid- ence (in regard to the Ewart contract) which he pro- posed to give. Councillor Forshaw confirmed the statements as read by Mr. Dodds (in the presence of a member of this Commission). He accepted from Mr. Dodds a press copy of this statement, and undertook, if called upon, to confirm Mr. Dodds' evidence. There- upon Mr. Dodds attended the next meeting of the Com- missioners, and gave the evidence as confirmed by Councillor Forshaw. In consequence of the serious nature of Mr. Ewart 's charges as made to Messrs. Dodds and Forshaw, it was decided that a copy of the evidence of Mr. Dodds should be sent to Mr. Ewart. and to three of the gentlemen named by Mr. Ewart, namely, ex-Aldermen F. W. Monks and Henry Roberts (who had both before declined to attend and give evidence), and Mr. H. G. Roberts, with an invitation to each of them to favour the Commissioners with any comments they might desire to make. They all replied by letter, and more or less denied the accuracy of the statement of Mr. Ewart as related by Mr. Dodds. On receipt of their replies, copies of the same were sent to Mr. Dodds, together with a copy, for , the first time, of his own evidence. From the latter he I discovered that he had by inadvertence wrongly given the date of an important letter written by the Warring- ton Slate Company, and shown to him in the railway train by Mr. Ewart. Apart from this error, which did not affect Mr. Ewart's st9.tement, Mr. Dodds, in a rejoinder dated the 6th July, 1904, adhered to every detail of his evidence. Copies of this rejoinder were sent to Mr. Ewart, Mr. F. W. Monks, and Mr. H. Roberts, with the remarkable effect that, although every attempt had been made to discredit Mr. Dodds, the net result has been to completely establish every essential link in the chain of his evidence, which is shortly : (1) That on March 27th, 1901, Mr. Henry Boberts, whilst the Mayor and an Alderman of the Borough, opened the tenders for the Tramways Permanent Way, no other member of the Committee or Council being present. We cannot find any recorded minute authoris-

ing such opening. (2) That on March 28th, 1901 (the next day), the Warrington Slate Company, Ltd., wrote a letter to Walter Scott, Ltd., Leeds Steel Works, Leeds. who had tendered as sub-tenderers, to Mr. Ewart and several other of the chief tendering contractors, five days before, asking for their very best merchant terms for steel rails to specification, the quantity tevired being about 750 tons,and these being for the Warrington Cor- poration Tramways. (3) That on March 30th, 1901, three days after the opening of the Tramways tender by his father, Mr. Gordon Roberts waited upon Mr. Ewart, as he himself says, by appointment. According to his letter to the Commissioners, dated June 23rd, 1904, the Slate Com- pany had furnished, some weeks before, quotations for various materials to Mr. Ewart and a number of other intending contractors, and his interview of March 30th, 1901, had reference to these quotations. From Mr. Ewart's statement to Messrs. Dodds and Forshaw, the object of the visit of Mr. Gordon Roberts to Mr. Ewart (who did not then know the tenders had been opened, nor that his tender was the lowest) was to induce Mr. Ewart to substitute the materials of the Slate Company for those of the firms whose names and goods Mr.. Ewart had included in his tender as required by the terms of the Corporation specification under which he had tendered. It appears to your Commissioners that unless Mr. Gordon Roberts knew that Mr. Ewart had not included the name of the Slate Company nor their goods in his tender, he could not possibly have any other object in waiting upon Mr. Ewart than that stated by the latter. Your Commissioners need not _point out the gravity of these facts. That the Mayor, whose son, Mr. Gordon Roberts, has admitted that the Warrington Slate Com- pany were among the sub-tenderers, should have opened these tenders, and that he should have opened them when no other member of the Council or of the res- ponsible Committee was present, was highly improper. That while as Mayor of the town, and Chairman of the Committee, he was in honour bound to rigidly protect, each of the tendering contractors and their sub-tender- ers as against each of the remaining contractors and sub-contractors, his company should the very next day after that on which he had opened the tenders, be writ- ing to the sub-tenderers of several of the tenderers, with a view to his own and his firm's advantage, was most reprehensible. That in addition to all this, his son. Mr. Gordon Roberts, should, two days later, by his own admission, be interviewing Mr. Ewart (who did not then knew the tenders had been opened or that his tender was the lowest) with the object of securing for the Slate Company the subtitution of their materials for those of other firms namesi by Mr. Ewart in his tender, is so serious, in our opinion, as to be absolutely indefensible. The whole of the proceedings in connec- tion with this Ewart contract are such as nothing can excuse.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
Councillor W. J. Forshaw.

This gentleman affords a striking and regrettable in- stance of the difficulties we have met with from the beginning in obtaining evidence. Mr. Forshaw was present when a very important statement was made by Mr. J. A. Ewart, contractor. Mr. Dodds was also present and duly committed to writing his recollections of the whole conversation. This document was read by Mr. Dodds to Mr. Forshaw in the presence of Mr. Forshaw and Mr. Norbury Williams. Mr. Forshaw stated that the document was an entirely correct report of Mr. Ewart's statement, and that he would certainly attend and give evidence in corroboration if called on to do so. The Commissioners four times invited his attendance. Four dates were consecutively fixed, June 16th end July 4th, 7th, and 14th. On each occasion he failed to appear, and the Commission- ers having no power to compel any person to attend, had regretfully to relinquish the attempt to secure his evidence. It must be remembered that Mr. Ewart also had previously refused to come and give evidence. In ordinary Fircumstances your three Commissioners would have given up the case as hopeless, but by an unexpected and surprising turn of events we have been able, from the evidence of un- expected persons, to verify all the salient points in Mr. Ewart's statements. What we have to say as to Coun- cillor Forshaw's part in this case is that he has (after admitting the correctness of the report of Mr. Ewart's statement, and promising to give evidence upon it) shown a deplorable lack of public spirit, and has, by his persistent failure to attend, done what he could to prevent your Commissioners from arriving at the truth in this very important branch of the case. in spite of his failure they have, however, been able to obtain sufficient evidence to satisfy them that the Ewart tatement was perfectly correct.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
"Ignorance " of Officials. •

The continuation of the report from this point under the above heading consists very largely of quotations in extenso from the evidence given by various officials before different sittings of the Commissioners. The names of the officials so interrogated and quoted are Messrs. W. S. Haddock, gas engineer, F. V. L. Matthias electrical engineer, James Dens, water engineer, Thomas Longdin, borough surveyor, T. Fletcher, clerk of works and J. Lyon Whittle, town clerk. Readers of the " Examiner " who desire further in- formation on this matter can refer to the printed

minutes of proceedings which are now to be obtained front the Corporation.

Payments to Mayors' Auditors.

We have ascertained that during the seven years' period Alderman Arthur Bennett held this office for five years and Mr. A. J. Jolley (ex-Councilor) for two years, and that both these gentlemen received for their services a sum of about .230 per year irom the- Corporation of which they were members. Here follows the evidence of Alderman Bennett and the Town Clerk and the Report then proceeds : A printed document was furnished to us by the Deputy Town Clerk containing the names of sixty-four Corporations from whom information had been obtained as to their procedure of this matter of paying Mayors' auditors, and we find that in ten of these cases they were paid. But we also find that no Court has yet declared' the practice legal, and we are strongly of opinion that it should cease in Warrington. No mem- ber of a Council should, on any pretext, make a prat out of his membership of the oouncil. The Municipal Corporations' Act has clearly enacted this, and no counsel's opinion can override the law. It is a thoroughly bad practice, and ought, in our opinion, never again to be permitted.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Pearson & Knowles, Ltd

We consider it to be due to the Ex-Mayor (Mr. Charlton Parr), and to Mr. James Dodds, as well as to the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company, Ltd., that we should record our disapproval of the inclus ion, without an explanation of the name of that firm in the scheduled list of companies which traded with the Cor- poration during the seven years covered by the Inquiry as having supplied goods during that period, to the extent of £34.660 9s. 7d. We also disapprove of the starring, by our three first colleagues, of the names of Mr. Parr and Mr. Dodds, in connection with such trad- ing, without it having been at the same time stated— FIRST, IN REGARD TO Mn. PARR: (a) That he was never an elected member of the Town Council. ' (b.) That he was petitioneji to become Mayor largely as a result of the Non-trading Movement, and tor displace a well-known Trader. (c) That he was a member of the Council for only 10 months of the Inquiry period of seven years. 'cl) That of the Pearson and Knowles capital of £1,000,000 (one million) he held only £lOO. AND SECOND, IN REGARD TO Mn.DODDS : _ _ _ _ _ _

(a) That he was not a shareholder in Pearson and Knowles or in any other trading company, whilst a member of the Council. (b) That, though an official of Pearson and Knowles, ' he never "as a past or present member of the Council or official of the Corporation traded with the Corporation, either direct or indirect, through limited companies or officials of such companies, or as a contractor or sub-contractor," and that there were never any dealings or transactions of any kind between him as a member of the Town Council or official of the Corporation and the Corporation. (c) That he was a member of the Council during only five months of the Inquiry period of seven years. Clearly Mr. Dodds is entirely outside any connection whatever 'with any trading as defined by the resolutions governing the Inquiry, and his namn I.erefore been wrongly and, as we think, want only included in the starred list accompanying the report of Messrs. Birchall Greening and Jolley. Further, in view of the special circumstances under which Mr. Parr entered the Coun- cil, we consider that not only the trading of the Pearson and Knowles Company daring the short re- spective parts of the seven years that Mr. Parr and Mr. Dodds were members of the Council, but the whole of the trading of tht, seven years (in other words, every penny of the scheduled £34,9.60 9s. 7d.) represented fair and honourable business.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Conclusion.

Our task. however imperfectly performed,is now com- pleted. The cost of the Inquiry,up to this day. is about £470. The people of Warrington will he called upon to pay this money. Some of them may consider it a large outlay. But we believe that the best of the bur- gesses, those who love the town most, and are most jealous for its good name, will consider this expendi- ture a right and wise one,. The inquiry will, we trust,. result in removing from Warrington the shadow which has rested upon it. For the evidence has proved that the trading which was alleged three years ago, was actually carried on; it has been demonstrated that the formation of limited companies, which at that time were springing up like mushrooms, has been checked; and the experience of those who have been sent to the Council in order to- stop the illicit trading is, that it has ceased to exist. These facts are ample compensation tons for the labour bestowed on this Inquiry, which has refuted the state- ments persistently made by a small section of the. burgesses that the allegations of the Non-Traders were "absolutely untrue and without foundation." The per; sistent " ignorance" of the officials, the boycotting the Inquiry by men who should have known better and. who ought to have rendered us assistance, and the lukewarmness of our Council colleagues, have all cora- bined to make this Inquiry a very difficult matter. We' therefore congratulate the burgesses that we have beell able to bring out as ninny facts as are to be found in the 6,600 paragraphs of the evidence, and we concludet with the expression of our earnest hope that for the future, the work of the borough may be carried on by its municipal representatives with a sir gle eye for the good of the town, and that self-seeking may not again show itself as it has done in the past, with such serious results to the good name of Warrington. We are, Gentlemen, Your faithful servants, ADAM HORROCKS. JOHN PEMBERTON. S. NORBURY WILLIAMS. • Warrington, 20th October. 1904.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Matter intended for publication must be/written ow one side only of the paper and sent in, if possible, not later than Thursday. [H. P. HUGHES, C. LEE, AND L. W. E.—The great pressure on our space this week has.cotnpelled us reluct- antly, to omit your letters.—ED. "Ex."ll

===== 0002601_19041022_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
The Unemployed.—Mr. Crosfield and Some Mis-statements,

Sir.—There are some notes in last Saturday's issue of one of your contemporaries where my name is mentioned in connection with certain passages (quoted from a Tory journal) as if I was responsible for them. Lest this should cause any misunderstanding,will you kindlY allow me to say in your columns that I read these passages with the deepest regret, and that I entirely disagree with them. Sad and weary faces there are, too many of them, just now, while slack trade swelJs. the ranks of the unemployed. But it is as well to remember that this lack of employment is largely due - to the reckless and senseless foreign policy of the last nine or ten years, a policy which, squandering the .resources of the nation, piling up debt, disorganising' finance and heavily increasing taxation, has seriously damaged trade. One can but deeply pity the unfortunate. men, women and children who are the sufferers,and take care we do not make matters worse by raising (a. 4 I unfortunately too many influential people in Warring-- ton are seeking to raise) the cost to them of the bare. necessaries of life.—Yours

' A. H. CROSFIELD. Warrington, October 21st, 1904.

===== 0002601_19041022_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
An Offer to " Republican."

Sir,—l was disappointed on Saturday last when I gcr my "Examiner" to find that "Republican" had decided to retire from the list of anonymous writers after se, short a life. lam very sorry he has done so for I had hoped that we might have continued a most interesting and friendly controversy had the Editor allowed OP After reading" Republican's" first letter I came to the conclusion that at last a writer had come forward to denounce the Education Act who would act straight and deal with the Act as a controversialist should, but I must say that I was sorry to sce that he had become; so personal in Saturday's letter as to refer to myseh and other writers as being "lamentably ignorant." I won't at present reply to "Republican's " letter seeing that he does not intend to reply, as it would net be fair on my part, but T will make an offer to hisl (with your permission, Mr. Editor) to continue the- controversy, the conditions being :- 1. That we will not attack each other personally,but will keep to the subject of the controversy. 2. That our letters be published in the same issue of the "Examiner," the following week we reply t'Y each other's letters, and annex any questions which care to ask, and the answers to those questions wiw close the controversy. 3. That we will ignore any other letters that might' be written to the press touching on our controversy'. 4. That we try to conduct the controversyas an ideal one, so that at the end we shall come out good friends,' although our views may be different. If "Republican" would care to add any more condit- ions, I shall be pleased to consider them. Trusting, Mr. Editor,vou will see your way clear to- favour this controversy (If "Republican" is willing) believe rue to be faithfully yours,

" CHURCHINIAN."

Warrington.—Printed and published by Jorts VVALEcitr-- & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works BeNc—sy-street, and published by them at the sam place,and also at The Examine Offices,Victoria-roAd, WIDNES: 32, George-street, Sr. lig EN,: :3, Market' street, EARtar.srows; Chilrell-street R UNCO RN, Oct. 22nd, 1904.

===== 0002601_19041022_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
E IFSEY ROAD W ESLEYAN CUURCH TOMORROW (SUNDAY) OCTOBER 23rd. At 10.30 Rev. G. H. ciumgoN. At 6.30 Rev. T. DRING, (of Didsbury COlieZe) EVENING SrBJECT : "The Mission of the Living Christ." All welcome. Hymn Books proviled. B —‘) Lo STREET WESLEY CHLRCB WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) OCTOBER 23rd. At. 1'.33 A STUDENT. At 6.31 Rev. G. H. Ces RNSON. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

CITY OF BRADFORn XHIBITION.—ENDLESS VARLETS OF INTIRREBTING FEATURES. Art Section. Industrial Sectinn. Textile Section and Women's Section. Somali Village (first time in England) Naval Spectacle (Russo-Japanese War.) Palace of Illusions • Crystal Maze. Baby Incubator Institute. Captive Balloon. All the best Military and Orchestral Bands. Organ Recitals. Water Chute. Illuminated Fountains. Tens of thousands. of Fairy Lamps, etc. All daT, is.; after 6 o'clock, 6d.; Children 6d, Wurday. Ed. For special faoilities inquire at Tourist offices.

ATACDONALD'zi HIGH-CLASS eATENIT' ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly, adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 20S. GOLD INLAY 40S. MACDONALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS. 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYB.I to 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH!,ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M. MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO S P.M.

CAIRO gTREEtT CHAPEL, WARRINGTON. TOMORROW (SUNDAY), OCTOBER 23nn. SPECIAL SH:RMONS. PREACHER :- IHE REV. L. JENKINS JONES. J.P., L.C.C. MAYOR OF WOOLWICH. MORNING 10.45. EVENING 6.3(. ALL SEATS FREE. ON MONDAY, OCTOBER 24Tit. Di ,inp -;CHOOLROOM, CAIRO bTREET, AT 730 P.m.. MR. JONES WILL LECTURE ON A UNITARIAN'S VIEW OF 'GOD AND MY NEIGHBOUR' CHAIRMAN: F MONKS ESQ. J.P. ADMISSION (INCLUDING REFRESHMENTS) 3D EACH AiSERIFS OF 12 POPULAR L7crums ON THE THROP.Y. C')NSPRPCNON AND MANAGEMENT OP MOT 'IRS AND MOTOR Vi4HICLE-1 will be given by Dr. ORMANDY on THURSO %YS, 2.31 to 3.30 p in. in the ASSEMBLY ROOM at Messrs. JO-'. CROSFITiLD & SONS' WORM. g+ The lectures are intended for all interes'ed in Automobiles and will be illustrated with diagrams and actual parts. The course commences on NOVEMBER 3-d. Single Lecture 21. The Course 15s. Special Terms for Chauffeurs on application. JOS. CROSFIELD & SONS. LTD., Bank Quay. We rrington.

)lEMORIAL TO THE SOUTH LANCASHIRE REGIMENT. (LINE. MILITIA, AND VOLUNTEERS), f\or their Services during the War in South Africa. The Workingmen's Committee have pleasure in announcing that a GRAND CONCERT, in aid of the above will be held in the PARR HALL on SATURDAY, STH NOVEMBER NEXT. Tickets now on Sale. ADmlssrox :—Popular Prices : 2s. (Reserved), Is., and 6d. Reserved Seats may be booked and Tickets obtained at the Rate Office. Bank House; Sankey street; or from any Member of the Committee, CHAS. J. NEWTON. Hon. Sec. _ HOLT TRINITY SCHOOL. MUSEUM-STREET WARRINGTON. WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 2ND, A CONCERT IN AID OF HOLY TRINITY GIRLS FRIENDLY SOCIETY SICK FUND, WILL BE HELD IN THE ABOVE SCHOOL. SOLOISTS :—Mrs. RA.LPR JOHNSoN, Miss M A.BEL HENSHALL, Miss DAUNT, Miss ETHEL ROBEBTi, Miss RTHEL WHITTLE. SOLO VIOLIN: Mrs. W. B. ROBERTS. Comic : Mr: VICTOR ROBERTS. Selections from San Toy, Geish., Country Girl, with Chorus, by special nermission of G. Edwards, Esq., Dalses Theatre, London. Coon songs, &c. To commence at 8 o'clock Tickets ONE SHILLING; Back Seats. SIXPENCE, to be had at 41 and 45, WILSON-PATTEN STREET.

NAME-PLATr.S IN GILDED A. L:-S OR ENGRAVED BRASS Enamelled Letter. and Tablets Letters in Glass, Metal or Wood. Motor Number,. BAXENDALIt'S. MILLER STREET. MANCHESTER. HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTE I TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURR FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. 5/6 T 8 BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

A.LF. HALE, Baritone Vocalist (pupil of Mr. Ditchbu n, Manchester CAthedral). CONCERTS, AT HOMES. SMOKERS, Sic.—Adnress 697, Knutsford id., Warrington.

SPECTACLES. PERRY'S PEBBLE SPECTACLES PERRY & CO., OPNCIANS AND ELECTRICIAN-4, 5, SEYMOUR ST. (Near London Road), LIVRRPOOL. Eyesight testing Rooms for the accurate fitting of Spectacles. Clients visited at their own homes on receipt Of post card. Send for our Booklet.

VAT ARRINGTON DRAMATIC SOCIETY. PARR HALL, NOVEMBER 9TH, 10TH, 11TH, AND 12TH. FOUR GRAND PERFORMANCES OF THE SCREAMING FARCE. "FACING THE MUSIC." PRECEDED EACH EVENING BY THE ONE ACT PLAY "UNDER THE OLD NAME." PROCEEDS IN AID OF THE WARRINGTON INFIRMARY. FULL PARTICULARS NEM WhEK. J. W. BULLEN, Hon. Sec

NIISS ETHPIL SPINES HAS RESUMED HER , DANCINa CLASSES at Tort's Assembly Rooms, Bridge Street. WEDNESDAY EVENING THURSDAY EVENING SATURDAY MORNING 10.30 A M. For PROSPECTUS apply to 4. SALISBURY STREET. WARRINGTON.

( 'AOUNTY BOKOUGLI OF WARRINGTON N NOTICE IS MiI:MY GIVEN that that portion Ji Battersby-lane lying between Hopwood-street on the South and Hamilton-street on the North, will be closed for vehicular traffio from Midnight Saturday 22nd October 1904, until Midnight Monday 24th October 1904. By order THOMAS LONGDIN, Borough tingineer and Surveyor. Town Hall, 30th September 1904.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. PUBLi(.3 mgutsG OP RATEPAYERS OPPOSED T) ALL TRA.DING EITHER DIRECT OR INDIRROr between members of the Council and the Dortnretion will he held in the • PARR HALL, ON MONO 11' NEM', OCC )13ER `7.4ra S. N 'R3URY WFALIIA.NIS: ESQ.. WILL SPEAK nN THE INQUIRY REPO r irs open 7.15, Ohtir te be teken at 7.45 by JAMES DODDi, BiQ„ WHO WILL be supported by ROBERT CA.WRROI7. 143 Q., M.P. Councillors P‘mberton, Horrocks. Lori and Alfred Hulme, 2sq. ADMISSION FREE.

(MIESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL.—A Number V) of DOMBSTIC SCHOLARSHIPS are offered for :..om- petition. These Scholarships are to provide instruction in Cookery, Dressmaking, Laundry work. Sick Nursing, etc., and are ten Ole for 10 weeks at the Dairy Institute,Worleston commencing on Monday, November 23rd 1904. Application Forms can be obtained from the undersigned, to whom they should be returned not later than November Ist next. RICHARD. P. WARD. Director of Bducation, City Road, Chester. CHESHIRE couNrY COUNCIL APPOINTMENT OF DISTRICT MAIN ROADS SURVEYOR. TBE.do an Committee of this Dwri. lind i3ridgeg C ,uricil Wpared i 0 receive APPLICATIONS Fr m moidates, not exceeding 45 11 ars of age, for the office of DISTRICT SURVEYOR of the Main R a!s in the Wirral or No. 1 District of th's County, and which at present contains 121 miles of Main Roads repairable by the Council. The salary attaching to the office is £2OO per annum, to include all travelling expenses except when attending meetings of the Committee. Particulars of the duties to be performed nod the terms of appointment, etc., can be ot taioed trorn the undersigned at kis office in Chester, to wlono applica- tions, stating age, qualifications, and copies of not more than three recent testimonials, are to be sent, so that the same may be received on Monday, the 24th day of 0 .:tober instant. Ganvassing will disqualify for appointment, but candidates may, V. they so desire, send printed copies of thrir application and testimonials to the members of the Committee, whose names and addresses can be obtained from the undersigned. REGINALD POTTS. Clerk of the County Council. Chester, 10th October, 1904.

WARRINGTON PARISH CHURCH. TEIF. SALE OF WORK CONNECTED with the PARISH CHURCH RESTORATION and IMPROVE- MENT FUND will be held IN FAIRFIEI D SCHOOLS. On THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY. OCTOBER 27th, 28th. and 29th, from 3 p.m. to 10 p.m. Season Tickets, is. 6d. ; Thursday, 3to 5 p.m. Is. : 5 to 10 p.m. 6d. ; Friday, 3 to 10 p.m. 6d. ; Saturday, 3 to 5 p.m. 6d. ; Er to 1) p.m. 3d. £250 is required to extinguish the Debt on the Restoration Fund. over £2,000 has already been given. The sale will be Opened A t 3 p.m. each day. On IhursclaY Oct. 27th, by The Hon. RUMOR & ELIZABETH WILSO N- PATTEN. On Friday, Oct. 28th. by LADY GREENALL On Saturday. Oct. 29th. by MRS. W. P. RYLANDS. ENTBRTAINMENIS :—An admirable little Farce will be acted at 3 p.m. on Thursday evening, by Mrs. Morl,y Stevenson, Members of the Tralring College Staff and Mr. Rrnest Atkin, entitled •• A Man of Ideas " On FRIDAY Mr. F. DARBY has arranged a CONCERT at 8 p m. ZMISS TURNER'S MANDOr,INT4 BAND will play on Friday at 4.30 p.m. On SATURDAY at 8 p.m. Miss Tirnewell and Miss Bell (Training College Staff) are most kindly acting a Short Play. The help of all friends is greatly desired both in tarnishing the Stalls and attending the Sale. Mrs. Willis, The Rectory ; Mrs. James Craik, Green Bank; Mrs. Samuel Taylor. Manchester road ; and Ladies connected with the Par:sh, will be glad to receive Contributions. Miss Cicely Willis and Miss Brookes will also gratefully welcome any help towards the Re reshment Stall, and Flawers,Frnit and Produce will much assist the Undertaking F. W. WILLIS, Rector. JAMES CRAM. } SAMUEL TAYLOR Churchwardens.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. ATANDOLINES, GUIrARS, BANJOS. 1,1 STRINGS of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Minot). 57, RENSHAW-STREET (Corner of Benson-ttreet), LIVERPOOL.

riOUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. POPULAR HEALTH LIVTURBS. The tiret of a series of three Lectures on popular Health Subjects will be given IN THR PARR 'HALL ON WEDNESDAY. NEXT OCTOBER 26TH. Subject : " Infectious Disease. . Their Causes and th-jr Prevention " by Professor Wm. R. Smith, M.D..' D.Sc., (Edin.), President of the Roy 11 Intirmary ot Public Health. The Chair will be taken by Mr. Alderman Sutton at Eight o'clock. Lectures will be Illustrated by limelight views. Prices of admission : Each lecture id. Course tickets for three lectures (including syllabus), 4d. Reserve tickets for the course, which are strictly limited in number, 3s. each. Seats may be booked and tickets obtained at the Mu iicipal Offices, Sinkey-street, or from J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk and Secretary

HARGRAVES TOBACCOS. ESTAB. HARGRAVES' CIGARS 71 YEARS, HARGRAVES' CIGARETTES. MANUFACTORY SWAN-SIRERT, MANCHESIAIR.

riOUNT I' BOROUGH OF WARRINGToS.— N I The Sanitary Works Committee invite TENDERS for the supply of LOCO GALVANIZF,D STEEL ASH BINS, in accordance with particulars and specifications, to be obtained at the office of the Cleansing Superintendent, Central Sani- tary Depot, Howley. The contractor whose tender is accepted shall pay all persons engaged or employed by him the rate of wages and shall observe tbe hours of labour and conditions of employ- ment as defined by the Standing Orde,s of the Council, a copy of which may also be obtained from the Cleansing Superintendent, Central Sanitary Dept, Howley. Tenders in securely fastened envelopes, endorsed " 'lender for Ash Bins.- and addressed " The Chairman Sanitary Works Committee, Town Hall, Warrington." to be delivered not later than 10 a.m. on Tuesday, November Ist, 1904. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Hall, Warrington, 20th October, 1904.

( TV BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.— TO PAINTERS. The FINANCE AND ESTATES COMMITTEE of the Couacil of the Counts Borough of Warrington is PRE- PARED TO RECEIVE TENDERS FOR TRH PAINTING Op VARIOUS CORPORATION PROPERTIES. Specifications ant. all further information may be obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor, Town Hall, on and after Friday next the 28th inst.at which place tenders must bM delivered bsfore 12 o'clock on Saturday the 12th day of November 1904. The cintractor whose tender is accepted shall pay all Persons engaged or employed by him the rate of wages and shall observe the hours of labour and conditinS of employ- nlent as dethed by the stamding orders of the Council a copy of which may also be obtained from the undersigned. The lowest or any teader not necessarily accepted. THOMAS LONGDIN, Borough Engineer and Surveyor. Borough Engineer and Surveyor's Office. Oct. 21st, 1904.

PUBLIC NOTICE. IT HAVING COME 10 THE KNOWLEDGE OF MR. JOSEPH BANKi, Ladies' and Gents' Outfitter of No. 62 Horsemarket street, Warrington. THAT CERTAIN RUMOURS:ARK BEING CIRCULATED in the TOWN AND DISTRICT detrimental to his Business, THIS IS TO GIVE NOTICE that such STATEMENTS are TOTALLY UNTRUE AND WITHOUT FOUNDATION. Anyone repeating the said untrue statementa after this date will subject himself to legal proceedings. Information leading to the detec- tion of anyone circulating untrue reports respecting Mr. Banks or his business will be thankfully received by THOMAS S. STEEL, Solicitor. Mill street Chambers. Warrington. October sth, 1904.

S. FERNLEY, LTD., 71, BRIDGE ST REET, WARRINGTON WATCHES. CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

bMOKE sUDLOW'S "OLD BOY'S " TOBACCO. COOL 1,13 'LASTING. SD. PER OUNCE; is. 7. PER iLB. TIN; Fs. PER LB. T. S (MOW & CO.. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15, WIN WICK ST., WARRINGTON. TELEFHNNE 414 Y.

Is Air .I.U.AGBEL" RAZORS ARE TEE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE 35., 4s. 6D., AND ss. BD. J. G. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKE. GOLD AND bILVER WATCHES, DIAMOND AND OTHER RINGS, CHAINS, BROOCHES, PINS, STUDS. LINKS, and all other Articles of Jewellery practically GIVEN AWAY. At the Prices Marked in the Window. Call and see for yourselves before going elsewhere. --- SPECIAL OFFER.-22ct. Gold Wedding Rings sold 'by weight. All shapes and sizes at 6/9 PER DWT. WHY PAY MORE ? 6/9 PRIVATE FITTING-ROOM. A Large Stock of Clocks. Bronzes, Forks. and Spoon a. utlery. Ac. by best makers,iat giving-away prices. J. RI'QIIINS, JEWELLER. Bir '2, MANCHESTER srREEr, LIVERFOOL. -- aors.—MONEY Advanced on all kinds of Valuables Lowest Rates of Interest.

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, MiMICIDSI OffiCSS, WftrrinztOti. ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS. EMPLOYERS LIABILITY. ACCIDENT & DISEASE Small Pox, Scarlet Fever, Typhoid, Diphtheria, Appendicitis Ac. BURGLARY it FIDELITY INSURANC.I RAILWAY PASSENGERS' Cl ./i.SSURANCE Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,600,000 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented , ciistricts. AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr, W.H. RlGBEY,Nesscliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latehford St Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Bay dock Mr. J. BILLINGRThe Willows Eandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW Rookery Bridge Varnworth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSONAGeriId House

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, INVALUABLE FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA AM) ALL KINDRED AILMENTS. This cid and tried remedy has 'stood the test of two generations. REFU:FE to put off with a SUBSTITUTE. The ORIGINAL can be had of ALL -CHEMISTS if you let it be seen that you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE IS THE Ic.11:11; 2s. 9D., 4s, SD., TEIE PRICFi.

iSburatton. QANDBACH SCHOOL, CHESHIRE.—Moderate U J Fees. Illustrated Prospectus from Headmaster.

IJNIVERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT. A mon SITCCEISTITL BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOYS. W. lIIINDERSON, M.A., Principal,

miss EVIEL 'HIBBERT L.L.C.M.—FTPILS RECEIVED FOR THE PIANOFORTE. TERMS MODERATE. 21, KENDRICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

OXFORD Horn SCHOOL, ST. ANNES-ON-THE-SEA. —BOYS Prepared for the Public Schools. Thorough grounding andincliviJualteaching. New, speciAlly designed buildings. Michaelmas term begins September 21st. Principal J. F. BRINDLE. B.A. (Oxon).

Oar:SHIRR—WINCH AM HALL, Lostock Gralam. NJ HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Large Mansion and Playing Fields. Excellent Resident Staff. Great successes recent Examinations. 50 Certificates gained last Term. AUTUMN TERM begins Tuesday September 20. Prospectus, references, views, from Miss PARKES, Principal.

ST. ASAPH GRAMMAR SCHOOL, N. WALES. PUBLIC BOARDING SCHOOL. Well equipped. Laboratory, Workshop. Healthy, picturesque situation. Near Cathe- dral. Bracing air. Individual attention. Preparation for university, professional. Ft nd commercial exams.--B. MAINE, M.A., B.Sc., head master.

QOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL, SCARISB RICK L NEW-ROAD. One Qf the LARGEST PRIVATE SCHOOLS in the Nortb of Bnßland. CAPT. J. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P., F.R.G.S.. Head Master.

MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Musio,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTRR- ;)INT. MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by Pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' prantloe.—For terms apply 134. LO.VELY-LANE Warrington.

WE BEG TO ANNOUNCE THAT WE ARE NOW SHOWING ALL THE L kTEST NO IN MILLINERY, MANTLES, COSTUMES, DRESS MATERIALS, &c., J. AND W. DUTTON DRAPERS AND HOUSE ,FURNISHERS, 16, 18, & 20, SANKEY STREET, WAR RIN GTON.

FOR FURNISHING :IRONMONGERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION TRY J. S. GARLAND, 5 1 53, & 559 9 BRIDGE STREET WARRINGTON. SPECIAL DEPARTMENTS FOR THE FOLLOWING KITCHEN RANGES, FIREGRATES, CHIMNEY PIECES AND TILES. WOOD MANTELS IN OAK, MAHOGANY, WALNUT Scr. FURNISHING IRONMONGERY IN ALL ITS BRANCHES. GLASS, CHINA, EARTHENWARE, AND KITCHEN UTEN SILS. CUTLERY, SILVER AND ELECTRO PLATE, ALSO BRASS AND CCPPRE.IWARE. Suitable for Presents. LARGE STOCKS. INSPECTION INVITED. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.

SKELTON'S LIMITED. HORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE STILL ON £5,000 WORTH OF STOCK MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE BIG REDUCTIONS IN EVERY LINE A SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY FOR BARGAINS.

1904-5. AUTUMN AND WINTER STYLES IN MEN'S OVERCOATS AND SUITS. IN YOUTHS' iOVERCOATS AND SUITS. IN BOYS' OVERCOATS AND SUITS. A Nice Variety:in LITTLE BOYS' FANCY OVERCOATS in SHOWERPROOF MATERIALS and LATEST STYLES. M.C.D. READY FOR WEAR OVERCOATS. OR M.C.D. MADE TO MEASURE. OVERCOATS. ALL M.C.D. FROM SHOWERPROOF OVERCOATS. CLOTHS. M.C.D. LARGEST VARIETY OVERCOATS. OF M.C.D. PATTERNS TO BE - 0 VERCOATz. SEEN ANYWHERE. M.C.D. KZ to 35/- OVERCOATS. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 & io, HORSEMARKET STREET. •

GIGANTIC SALE NOW ON. UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. FIRST SALE FOR SIXTEEN YEARS BARGAINS FOR EVERYBODY.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 1" LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER W4ICHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE. AND JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 10 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Mousy advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &c., to any amount at low rates cf interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2051.

ESTABLISHED 1638. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERI-COL, PRAMH MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Dirge Assortment of Framer! Pictures, suitable for Vielllne and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &o. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PIIOIOGRAPH.3 ICY Orystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continenial Er/diaries.

6 6 WAHOO" THE MARVEL OF iiii- TWENTIRTH CHNTURY.I nixes The wonderful Wahoo Rinßworm Cure ... Is. I.ld & 29. The marvellous cure for ficzern% ls. 14. & 2s. Waboo Bitctric Rheumatic Cure ... Is. Niedicina Is. 11d. 9, Wahoo for the Hair. A Renowned Hair Restorer Is. Of all Chemists or of the WAHOO MBDICINA CO., LTD.,HARLESDIIN, LONDON

OR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TOPE BOON TO WOMANKIND. They/are the beat known Remedyfor Anemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9id, is lid, 2s 9d, 45 6d, and Ils, May he had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the Prorrietor. Only Address : 3J9. PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL. LONDON W.

mo rsiOECIETToy :,1131YK tifnaOtUeSrilleyS.R—ciNoLionntlrenst—sZoPßlETAßY 91 DIXON STREET, WARRING') ON.—CASH ACCOMMODATION £3 to £5OO. Interest 48. in the £4. Any distanee.—Apply, MANAGER.

It EVERSIONS.—AII classes of Reversions bought; quick completions ; loans arranged at low rates. Mortgage securities wanted at to 41 per cent. Business Transfer Agency.—T. SMITH WoRsLET, 26, Cooper St., MAnchester .

TNVBSTMENT OFFRFIRD.—You can hear of one of te best opportunities of your life. His etrne4 over per day,net profits for eight vears; will return 74 to 15per ce- per annum, and is safe.—li. NIREB9, 9,oxford row, Le ed

TOHN FLETCHER is prepared to advance £5 to e../ £1,030 day of application,to all bona fide applicants, on promissory note only. Cash advanced on deeds, shares, or any kind of collateral security. Most reasonable terms to suit borrowers. Town or country. All transactions strictly private. Letters promptly answered—JOHN FLETCHER, Market Buildings, 17.Thornas et., Shudehill, Manchester.

- 1 SOUND Investment for this county. Wanted e..,k/ E-L. a Gentleman to take over the Sale Selling rights of a great invention About £lsu required. experi- ence not necessary ; at least £l5O clear income yearly, and no risk. Dionev secured.—Apply THE BEDFORD MANUFAC- TURLiG Co , 111, Westminiter Bridge to,. London.

JYOU REQUIRIS INFOSMATION concerning Conti nental Premium Bonds, apply to the Contlaentat Premium Bonds C )mpanv, who arrange Cash Advances on fully paid Premium Bonis ; rasonable interest on terms to be arranged. Bonds purchased. Combination of Bonds for sale by easy instalments, at tiurrent Market Prices on Con- tinental Bourses, inclusive of brokerage and small charge for interest.-THE CONTINENTAL PREMIUM Bon s Co., 31 West Sunniside.SunderlandAelegrame " Premium Sunderland.

NO FEES ! NO FINES ! NO PUBLICITY ! ! XQ AND UPWARDS ADVANCI:D DAILY e) in STRICTEST PRIVACY to all respectable House holders, Tradespeople, Farmers, and all persons worthy of Credit, without sureties or bondsmen, "on simple promis- sory note only," at reasonable interest and easy repayments to snit pllclasses. Distance no object. Call or write in confidence to THE CHESHIRE ADVANCE CO., 25, Cairo- street, Sankey-street, Warrington ; also at 16, Greenwood street, Altrincham. Head Office : 59, Brunswick street, Hightown, Manchester. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

ADVANCES £3 TO £500.-DuN'T PAY PE ItS As those Offices who ask for fees,will only pocket your fee and refuse tha advance. NO FEES OF ANY KIND CHARGED. NO SURETIES REQUIRED. NO RESPIIC T- ABLE APPLICATION refused. NO FINES IF UNABLE to pay for a few weeks through illness or being out of work. HONEST and STRAIGHFOPIWARD dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to Suit applicants. Apply and be convinced to the—Manager, J. CALVERT, CLAUGHTON CHAMBERS,I, CLAUGHTON TRSET opposite Dr. Knowles) ST. II BUMS.

--- -- LOANS GRANTED DAILY, ANY 'DISTANCE, ,PROM ,t 5 TO XllOOO FOR ANT IMMEDIATE WANT, BUSINESS OR PRIVATE, also for purchasing or starting new business, on simple promissory note. No fines. All applications immediately attended to. Apply in confid- ence, personally or by letter, to THE STANDARD LOAN CO., 4, PARKER STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL TERMS TO FARMERS. HEAD OFFICE: 9, CORPORATION ST., MANCHESrER

_ NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL sums (NOT LESS THAN £10), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the last 20 years the totalfsmount lent3by the undersigned EXCEEDED £1,250,000! He has received hundreds of unsolicited letters of thanks, and has annually, for the past eight years, issued selec- tions from these in pamphlets, of whi,th more than 300,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses. terms for advances, or any information desires, will be supplied, free of chirge, on application, either personallylsr by letter, to : GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, 'MANCHE iTER. BSTABLISHED 1870.

£5, £7, £lO. £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN. FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respeot• able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN R. GOOD WIN. .B.—Establisbed at this kddress, Twenty Years.

ka £lO, £l5, £2O, £2.5, £.SO.—ADVANcE oct/ MADE to ALL PERSONS WORTHY of CREDIT, on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TERMS FOR SHORT PERIODS. BO DELAY. Visit made by our Manager on same day of application who will grant you the money AT ONCE I satisfactory. NOTE : THE BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., 694 H AMUCK STREET NEAR TEA. MARKET PLACE RARLERTO WA. _ _

FROM £3 AND UPWARDS. DONT FAIL TO GIVE US A CALL AND COII7VINCB YOURSELVES' THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATS OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable Is 6d weekly £2O repayable 7s 6cl weekly £5 ~ 2s 04 ~ £5O 17e 6d £lO 3s 6cl „ £lOO 39. 64 ~ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply in con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO„ 31, CAIRO STREET WARM NGTON. MANAGEHION, Miss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. Home, 9 ato to 9 pm, N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTENIDED TO. MONEY! MONEY !!-MuNta ! !! £5 To 2-16-00, To each and everyone a hearty invitation is offered before going elsewhere to call or write to me in con- fidence and convince yourself that mine is the lowest interest and lowest rate of repayment in England. The entire charge £5 to repay £5 6s. Od. £lO to repay £l2 Os. 04. £2O .. £24 Os. 04. £4O „ £4B Os. Oct. Larger sums proportionately. No bona-11 ie applicition refused. For honourable and straightforward dealing apply at once to 'JENNINGS Manager(private house),9,ACADE MY- ST.. WARRINGTON. No delay. Strictest privacy whether business done or not. Cash delivered on day of application. Distance no object.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY. £5 TO £llOOO. TO FARMERS, TRADESY EN, PROFESSIONAL GENTLE- MEN, HOTEL AND LODGING-HOUSE KEEPERS, and to all Responsible Householders Worthy of Credit, upon Note of Hand Alone, in any part of England or Wales. Loan £5 To Repay £5 15 0 ~ £lO ~ £ll 10 0 „ £2O ~ £23 0 0 ~ £33 „ £3410 0 .9 £5O ~ £5710 0 01 100 ~ £ll5 0 0 Larger amounts in p•oportion. Extra Charges made in cases considered necessary. Special Terms Arranged to suit Borrowers' Own Convenience. Letters immediately answered. Prospectus free on apulloat on. Call or write in strict confid- ence to the NATIONAL LOAN SOCIETY, 41, CORPORA TION ST.. MANCHESTER. (Registered Office'.

ISsUABLISHED OVISR FORTY YilAttc.. • B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from .£lO to £l.OOO. ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. DAY:TIE:I wishing for temporary CASH ADVANORS should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SHALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THIS BORROWER. THE ABSENCE OF ALL FEES. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAXER UNLESS AGREED, AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTEKTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative ill call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions a their own homes or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are, widely known, and my reputation stands unrivalled

, KEENORA • ~... CAKE fl,er , .. A . 1....0U . .. 4. --- i•i Kc f ... ' ENORA " Cak4 Flour k 4 1,, ma es *lie shop 'cake a ~ thing of :Yoe na,t; it is , '—'l' 1, LAKE ', pasiei• and, cheap r now a aOUTZ to make better cikes at gi ' home. ICEENORA" ~ , ........0...,..,.. i.,, ,i Cake Flour anpeals not . only to tto frugal house- uvrßeoot. •~, wife, but to all who like purE,L., cL,I dainty and digestible J. C ................. cakes to eat. It ple -, ase3 at Once, that 1 is why we offer -.44:( 'P'.6l- ',Att4"V:l4, `-',.. , Free -lb. Samples •• • - to anyone sending us •, their whims and 2d. to cover the postage. Add - 1)\ . ,itei The " KEENORA " CO., . 4 3 3 Sir Thomas St., 0 . '.-;'1: 4.',-- ----:_---/ —3... LIVERPOOL. 1 's- '

_ TENNENT9s, LAGER BEER.. GUARANTEED BRIGHT & FREE FROM SEDIVIENT. To be obtained from M. WALKER & SONS LTD., Warrington and of all Grocers and Wine Merchants. Matured in Cold Storage for months before being bottled. See that Every Bottle has the Red T Label. 59, Lancelots Hey, Liverpool. WELLPARK BREWERY, GLASGOW THE BEST FAMILY MEDICINE. KAYE'S WORDSELL'S PILLS Are a certain cure for Indigestion, Billousr.ess. Hesdaoh 5 Dyspepsia. Constipation, Liver and Kidney Complaints.la• For Ladies of all ages they are invairable. Of all Chemists, is. Id, 25. 9d., and 4s. 6d. per boa or. post free on receipt of stamps to DEPOT, 13, St. George Street. Norwich. TOOTH-ACHE CURED INSTANTLY BY BUNTSaves ER'S Ilz&notion. Slee pleas Nights Prevent el. Neuralgic Headaches and all Nerve Pains removed by SUMER'S NERVINE }IRVINE. All Chemists, ls. or post free on receipt of stamps to - DEPOT, 13. St. George Street, Norwich.

ONE, TWO, OR THREE, according to age and constitution, • may be taken of D. ICING'S BILIOUS & LIVER PILLS (Guaranteed without Mercury) These Pills have been prescribed by Medical men for over too years, are still ahead of all Liver Pills; gentle in their action, restore tone to the general system, and are the safest and most reliable family medicine for all ages, and absolutely cure the symptoms of Torpid Liver, such as UNPLEASANT BREATH—WIND . GIDDINESS DEPRESSED SPIRITS INDIGESTION —. BACKACHE—SPASMS—ROUGH TONGUE—ACIDITY AND CONSTIPATION—and stimulate the Liver itself to con- tinued healthy action. Sold everywhere-1/1h 2/9 and 4/6 per box. BACKACHE ( HOLDROYD'S GRAVEL PILU, are a positive cure for Backache, Lumbago, Sciatica Dropsy, Gout, end Rheumatism. Try one box. Mr. J. Ryan, Manchester, writes: "One Box did me far more than a ton of other remedies........ IJI all Chemists, or post free, 12 , stamps, HOLDROYD'S MEDICAL HALL, , CLECKHEATON, YORKS. CURED , )

. ~ I - -- ;. 'il l - A . i . • :.-..., I -,: e 47. 4', i; 4,... ...... ....., .4. . . . , . 41, x;._-_ . ...... .....;., , Ves ! we :-17, . 1 No 1 1 24, PITTS'S -: ' General Furnishers, LONDON ROAD, , MANCHESTER. . We are proceeding a:. quickly - as possible with the Complete Furnishing Order you and . ' your intended husband favored us with. Von may rely upon OUR BEST ATTENTION. 4 , :. .

Are you there?

Fll TS'S . ifiENOWNED HOUSES of: FURNITURI3 at 151. 221. 281, 331, 51 70. i 00, 200,up to 4,000 guineas have been pronounaed y practical people the pinnacle of perfection at he price. Indeed, they are the top of admiration, heir high artistic and intrinsic merits, their eauty and valua are apparent to casual inspelbion, , hich closer examination and wear only confirm.. ull particulars, ILLUSCILkTI4O FLTILIISGI AG 111 I1U(DB, containing 800 designs, and showing at a ' lance HOW TO SANS 5/ per cent. p )st frii. Cash quotations only. Ratty payments 19 per cent extra. rr, s'6 MODEL FURNISITED ROUSE seven rooms, IWRHYTHING PiiiiirliOTLY .; 7YHW, for 2011 guineas. and also Tiff IiTHICA V PECIMH6I FUHNliiiiiD ROOMS at 7, 13,20. f ,33, 50, 65, 75, 100, 125. Sc!. i guineas each are veri. [table 3ye-openers. Hveryone about to furnish 'ought to see them, as nothing similar can be found elsewhere.

Photos and Details free. Manchester. I MIIMMINIMMIIIIIIII ; • 9 ee Tas t " CURES when all other Remedies fag IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIVIINC ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC AND SOON cuRE3 The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens an 4 Removes all hard callo-ities on soles of the for,. If you suffer try a box, you scil' never regret it.

te7i 414 f ,4 do, (Tr

EVERYTHING as it should be PRACTICAL from a Practical Man FOOTBALLS— t Bound. Sound, and Durable The Football King, 9/6 Used England v. Scotland (5 times) W..... : • English Cup Final (6 times), every event in the world of Football. Theeague Ball 8/6 P/, ,1!..`-, Centre-Half „ ... . 7/6 1'4,.., / Klynker „ ........... 6/6 i ; t . ;., ..1 Junior League„ .... .. IV- • . ' .1 KNICKERS— S , Wide-fitting but not Baggy. • Navy or White, 1/6,1/11, 2/6, 3/6 I ilize SHIRTS— Well mi, Sewn and Comfortable Flannelette, 2/3, 25/. per doz. , x. .. Matting Cloth, 2/9, 30/- per doz. ce#, Untearable, 3/6, 40/- per doz 7 ,i, Jr ' 'BOOTS- - ' With Permanent Toes, on Good _ • Lasts, Easy yet Tight-fitting. Scot 10/6 Junior League l9 League lO/6 Don 6/- S. C 7/9 Marvel 5/- SHIN aukspariod, 1/6,2/0 HOCKEY STICKS, ' Bulger Pattern. BAGS-3/6, 4/0,5/0, 7/6 Lane. Witch -7/6 GOAL NIETS-30/-, 35/-, 411/- Cork Grip 6/- HOCKEY BALLS— Special 5/- 3/6, 4/6, 5/. , Klynker 4/6 BOXING GLOVES—Per Set of 4 410. , • Gold Cape 6/6 8/9, 11/6, 14/6 I -i.,.:,,, , , 1.0 C IRE. , LORD-. ST FREE - k . LIVERPOOLCI4

B. AY.—ALDERSON BROTHERS, irect Importers, 25. Brasenose road. Liverpool. QBNTLIIMAff, Blind 5 years, now sees to read anything Particulars free.—LEGGETT, aim, Wiabech.

FOUR TRACTION TRUCKS. near Reading. price £27 each; £BO the lot.—Apply WINXWORTH, Ipswich. - PIPBS (2,000 ft. of 4in. c.st iron flanged) for RUB.— SAMUEL STRINGER, Metal Merchant, Accrington,

•RUNSOKIV Pure Ship Tobacco,•2 oz. 9d., or 2e. Bd. per lvtlf-pound, post free.—FRAEIER Sex. 64, Hamilton Bt., Greenock. - _ E1_1.,000 IrnFelOosUeß3lll YEARS. 3d.—STANLEY. .f or nfo F r k gambling. rd Dalston, N.B.

41 MATRIMONIAL POST.'' sealed sd. with circular 9d. ; distance irnmaterial.—EDlTOß, 10. Trafalgar Build- ngs, London, W.C.

HAL—A quantity of choice over-yeared Clover, Sanfoin and Mixed Hay for sale.—Apply J. BIRD, Banharn Attleborougb, Norfolk.

D ECORDS EXTRAORDINARY —lndestructible records it exchanged. 3d. each, carriage paid.—PowELL, 9 Claremont at., Lincoln. DICTORIAL POSTCARDS.-36 coloured views of lovely Wales, all d.fferent. Is. postal order.—J. IL DAVIEI IF, Norfolk it., Swansea.

GRANDFATHEKB CLOCKS. Six magnificent specimens, all mahogany. Chime and ordinary.--WILLIAM ThiwORTB, 14, King it., Blackburn.

ATOTHRS' LlSTS.—Advertiser can assist contractors with V these lists on reasonable terms. Linotype, small pica. —GRIFFITH, Printer. Llandrindod.

FA.RII IMPLEMENTS, Chaff-cutters, Pulpers, Cake Breakers /tc. Cash or easy payments. Lists free.— ROSE, Laburnum Street, Wolverhampton.

fIitILDREN'S Heads cleared of Nits and Lice by Tonkin's V Triumph Pomade. Large box 6d- :post free.—MARY S. ToNiarr, 24 Kent Avenue, Ashford. Kent.

A MUSING PHOTO-POSTCARDS Ac. (Heal Photos) CI Samples lc Catalogue of Novelties 3 stamps. IBEMONG ER, Stationer. Ilkeston. Derbyshire.

RBLIABLit and Valuable Advice to intending investors in the States or Canada, by editor of prominent American newspaper.—lxvicsron, 19 Stonewall Lancaster.

SUITINGb, 2s. to 6s. 60.; Trouserings, ls. 3d. to 3s. 6d., Co tume Cloths, ls. 3d. to 4s. 6d. per yard. Any length ut; patterns free.—WRIGRT Co., Old Hill, Staffs.

SMOKB GRADY'S DBFBNDISR TOBACCO" It does not burn the tongue." Sold everywhere in packets with coupon "Tholesale.—GßADY. King at., Wigan. I ARGB assortment of new and Second-hand Leather Suit _1 .4 Cases, Cabin Trunks. Portmanteaus. and Bags to be sold cheap.—WENTEN. 101 Charing Cross rd., London. I) RIVARD ?-2s. 6d. brings Gildine Albert and Keyless 1-U Watch free. No conditions, simply to advertise. This offer for 6 days only. —SIM= 13. Salisbury et., Belfast.

_ - - LIVERY HOUSEWIFE should use our ' Excelsior ' Knife -1.11 and Fork-cleaner. Saves time and labour. Sent post free Bd. Agents wanted.—TAYLOß 179, Nelson rd.,Hornsey.

DATCHWORK AND CRAZYWORR, 100 pieces Silks and 1 Velvets, Is. 3d. post free ; good Bed of Flocks from 6s. 6d., carriage paid.—Dept. 8., TWEEDALE It, '343., Be!field Flock Works, Rochdale.

S. FOR 10,000 HANDBILLS (Dewy 8 vo). Well printed tP Customer rites"w your handbills are wonderful value" send for specimens.—B. WHITWORTH HIRD, LTD., Adver- tising Specialists, Norwich. ,

I F you back Horses, you want Winners.—Our Is. overs J night letters, and 2s. 6d. morning wires, give unequalled satisfaction to clients everywhere.—WlNSOME Co., Hyde Park Corner, Ipswich.

NO PdORB BROKBN MANTLlPS.—Crossiey's Incan- descent Metal Mantles (Platinum), practically un- breakable, 70-candle-power; 6d. poet free. —ANGLo- FOREIGN TRADING Co., 9 Bedcroso at., Liverpool.

SPIWIAL OFFER TO ADVERTISIC.—The Edna Hair curler (patent). No beat. wires, irons, or pins. Ulm price, is. Poet free 7d.. for short time Otily.—B DNA MANU FACTURING Co., 171, Queen Victoria st., B.C.

f`lllliliblt OF JOHN-o'-GAUNT.—Delicious and appetiz- ki lug, Ricb. Creamy, mild or strong. A speciality for Hotel and Restaurant proprietor.. 31 bs. P. 0., ; 3s. ; 6 lb., ss. 9d., Carr. paid.—F. H. SuotPsox, Lancaster.

N_ IRTTING. N RTTING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Nets, sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.Tuomes Joatisont's, Net Warehouse 38 Corporrtion-street, Manchester.

O SALB, DRSIRABLIt RESIDIMUBS at LAICH- kJ FORD ; beautiful situation. southerly aspect; modern In every respect ; convenient for trams.—Particulars F. W. WRIGHT, Builder, 27, St. Mary's et., Warrington.

A RMY BLUCHERS, Army Bluchers, 4,000 pairs of new 11. sewn Bluchers, very best leather soles. Will send 1 pair, any size, post free for se. 6d. Cash returned if not approved of.—H. J. GessoN, Government Contractor, Rye. BULBS on approval, carriage paid. Flowering size Crocus. Iris, 9d. ; Snowdrops,lxias, Ranunculus, is., Tulips. Narciss. Anemones, Free.las, Stars , Alliums,ls. 6d. Hyaeintt,s, 6s. 100.-1114 am F.R.H.5.,(60) West Bromwich.

ADIBS shluld wear, for comfort, durability, and value 1.4 British-manufactured Black Llama Cashmere Stock, ings. In *lenders and women's sizes. 3 pairs carriage free 3. 9d . LLAMA HOGIERY COURANT, 9,Fore StreetAvenue,B.C.

POUNDS of Genuine Tooth Powder to be 80.000 sold as an advertisement at Is. per lb..equal to about 12 boxes at 4i. and 6d. Hundreds sold daily.— Ktaxxo Biwa., 3, Southville.Wandsworth Rd., Londow, S W.

SPROIAL ADVERTISING OFFER. Your advt. placed in 50 good provincial papers (2 lines) fcr 2s. 9d. 3 weeks 51. 9d.; or 4 lines one week ss. 63.. 3 weeks Ils. 6d. List of papers post free.—B WHITWoRTH HIRD, LTD., Advertise ng Specialists, Norwich.

PPHONOGBAPHS GIVBN ABSOLUTBLY FRIIII. Write for Lists. We are the largest and cheapest factors of Pianos, Musical Instruments, Talking Machines, Bm.. in the Midlands. Records exchanged, shaved and new tunes 6d.— CLAYPOLE & COLEY, Stamford.

11DULBS.-25 Hyacinths, 70 Tulips, 90 Daffodils, 125 Iris, 0 110 Crocus, 40 Ixias, and 40 Sparaxis, in ell 600 bulbs delivered free on rail, 54., or is. sample of 100 Assorted sent packing free for Is. U-oi.—IMPERIA: SUPPLY STORES, k 5 Crampton st., Walworth, London.

WATCH BARGAIN, Marvellous Offer, Genuine Lever Watch. 51. only ; warranted; absolutely reliable timekeeper ;money returned if unsatisfactory. Ladies' size Watch, 7a. 6d.. postage and registration, 3d. extra.—F. L. HEY4ATE, Rushden, Northampton. - - CIGARETTE6.—The genuine EGYPTIAN hand-made, of MICH. PALOMBA Co.. of the Royal Cigareette Fac- tory, Cairo, Egypt, are pronounced The World's Grandest Cigarettes.'—Of all Tobacconists, or the Sole Importers WICKER AND OW, 10. CalluM sr., LOILCIOR. E C.

1111DARIINTS t Dr. Allen's Breathing Tube, used a few minutes daily develcps chest several inches. If your boys and girls used it they would be free from Ooughs.Colds, and Lung Complaints, Is. 6d. pest free. —lNlstrAgEn. 44 Wray Crescent,London, N. Winter's Coming I Think I Act _- AMERICAN HAIR STAIN —Best possible preparation for imparting to the hair in cleanly and permanent manner any shade of natural brown, light or dark, One liquid, free from silver or lead, Post free ls., trial bottle 6d —Sole agent, W. PERRINS, Warwick rd., Olton, Birmingham

ripo BB SOI. D.—Farnworth. near Widnes.—The extensive 1 Works. lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Lanl, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. 171o4xixo, 16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

MPORTBD MRXICAN CIGARS.—La Pruebas, Conchae I Fine. usual 3d. size, box of 100 (carriage paid), 12s. 6d. ; La Pruebas, Regalia Reporter°, box of 50, 9s. 6d., post paid; RI Destino. Rejslia Londres, box of 50, 61. 9d. ; 100, 13e. poet paid 3d. per box extra.—B. M. WITHERS, 59, Bull St., Birmingham.

LT 00K You hive all helped to pay for them before.— Life Guards' Military Knee Boots, smart appearance. Ts. 6d. per pair; Naval Knee Boots, very strong, 6s. 6d. per pair ; Bluchers, ss. 6d. per pair ; any size ; carriage paid. Cash returned if not approved of.—HENRY T. GASSoN Government Contractor. Rye.

r ADIRS ! Sensational offer of Bankrupt's Stock. A pair IA of 7 inch best steel scissors for is. Cannot be pur- chased retail under 2s, each. Money returned if not approved. 100 gross must be cleared. This opportunity will not occur again.—Write, enclosing Postal Order for ls., TRUSTEE, 74, Coleman it., London.

CONQUEST SOAP I WASH AND BROCERD. A VOID Drugs which undermine the constitution. Our .11, Anti-fat soap is the only preparation that is absolutely safe to use; slow in actibn,sure result. Large tablet in plain wrapper on receipt of Is. Itd. Dept. A. RELDAS & CO., 17, GRAND ARCADE. LEEDS.

TIIPUY an ENGLISH WATCH for hard wear. Hall-marked D silver case (very stout). Open face. Keyless English Lever watch for men. Briquet Spring. screw jewelled, com- pensated, and guaranteed for ten years. Reduced price 455. Money returned if not approved.—RontNeoN BROS.. Watch- makers, 5 Hampstead rd. Tottenham Court rd. London, N.W. StriMP C*LLECTORS SECURE THIS OFFER! Grand is. Variety Parcel Free ! Free ! i To all sending for our revised Catalogue we will present the following parcel ; 100 stamps. Including Indian. Native States, Senegal, Cape, Victoria, Deccan, Costa Hike (surcharged), Djibouti, &O. &a., a packet of stamp mounts, a perforation goage. and a set of three North Borneo. The whole parcel fre?. bend two penny stamps for postage.—KlNG BRoe., Limited, Bilston. Please mention paper.

CITY OF BELFAST. GLASS BOTTLE WORKS, SITUATE STRANMILLIS ROAD, FOR SALE. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, as a Going Concern, at the REAL PROPERTY MART, 47, ARTHUR STREET, Belfast, on FRIDAY ISEXT,the 28th day of October, 1904, at One o'clolk. rfliE GLASS BOTTLE WORKS OF DAVID 1 WRIGHT & CO. LIMITED. now in Liquidation, situate on the STRANMILLIE ROAD, in the City of Belfast, comprising— One New Lancashire Steam Boiler, 18 x6l feet ; one 6-hole Melting Glass Furnace, one 8-hole Siemens New-form Glass Melting Furnace, with Annealing Kline; St ires, Ware- house. and Offices, all in good repair, and erected on a two acre lot, held on Lease for 10.000 years, at the yearly rent of £lOO. The Purchaser will be entitled to the Goola ill of the business, together with the Plant (exclusive of Horses Vans. and Harness, which he will have the option of pur- chasing), but will be required to take over, at an agreed valuation, the Stock-in- frade. which is all of a saleable description. The Company has been doing an extensive trade, and has a large local demand. These are the only works of Vie kind in the North of Ireland. 'or further particulars, apply to JOHN M'CULLOUGH & BURNS, Kingscourt, Wellington Place, Belfast, Chartered Account Ante • or to C. 8.; J. BLACK. Donegall Square North, Solicitors. THuS. E. M'CONNELL, Auctioneer, 47, Arthur at.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, t VALUER Office and Salerooms: No. 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE New and Second-band Fnrnitil re and ot tier Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited urnitut e. warehoused.

NEW LEG MUTTON GUN CASE 35. New Greenheart Trout Rod 10,1 ft. highly finished 75. 6d.—MILLER, Caxton House, Rhyl.

-VOR SALE, good SAFE, by John Port, Manchester; 30in 12 by 241 n. by 31in. outside measurement; £B.—Apply PLATFOLD MILL, Leigh.

MIOLAS, CONCERTINAS. EDEOPEIONES.—New stock /12A for winter.—Write for price to J. ISHERWOOD, Bootbstown, near Manchester. PIIONOGRAPH (Edison), fantail reproducer, brass born ; 25 Edison Records; very cheap.--E. NIGHTINGALE, 140, St. George's-road, Preston.

‘,ECOND-HAND BIiEHCEILOADIIRS, by good makers, • very cheap ; Cartridges from 6s. per 100.—WILLIAm RICHARDS, Gunmaker, 44. Fisbergate, Preston.

CIHESHIRE APPLES aud PEARS; 301 b.„ best cooking k..) or eating Apples, carriage paid. 21, 9d.; 141bs choice Petro, 28.—T. LIGHTFOOT, Kelsall, near Chester. - -- PICTORIAL POSTCARDS.—Large Varieties. Wholesale Constant change of stock ; all latest novelties— NOVELTY POSTCARD Co., 41a, Prestcot Street. Liverpool.

TOR SALE, FIVE FREEHOLD HOUSES, No. R to 10, 12 Hart's-court, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Apply to THOMAS JOHNSON, Spring-bank, Pemberton, nesr Wigan.

BUST Developed.—Lady will send, for le. postal, persorlp- tion of remedy which enlarged bust six inches ; harm less inexpensive.—Miss W. ELGAR. 18 Roundhayst..Leels.

WATER! WATER ! ! How to procure a supply of good water ; consult the Diviner, he finds the head of the Sprlng.—STocirrox, Expert Water Finder, The Rake, Rastbam, Cheshire. TAPANISSR ORIENTAL HEARTHIP7GSI. Grand Designs 0 Size 72z36, 4s. 3d. each. 84x46. 7s. 6d. each. Oriental Carpets 12s. 6d. Marvellous VaIue.—MENRIETTA, 93, Grays Inn Buildings. Rosebery Avenue, London.

500 PIiONOGRAPEIb COMPLETE. with reproducer 6 Records,up to date. Selections,3larvellous Value. Cash Price. 12s. 6d. Easy pvments arranged. —HENRIETTA, 93, Grays Inn Buildings,Rosebery Avenue, London.

I)lCTURES.—Bankruptcy Stock of High-class PICTURE .1 (18 in. by 10i.) on Canvxs Paper, in colours. as painted by noted artists ; equal in appearance to any Oil Paintings ; will forward samole set of 8 for 2s. 6d. free, or 16 for 4s. 6d. On approval.—Wm. SLACK, 34,Stockport Rd., Manchester.

CAUTION. You are ruining your nerves and digestion by drinking ordinary injurious tea. Taylor's Tonic Tea is free from all harmful effects, and is strongly recommendod and used by the Medical Profession. Sample lb. packet post free upon re3eipt of 6d. in stamos.—TAYLOR'S TONIC Tvs. Co., LTD., 244. High Holborn, London. W.C.

A GREAT PHYSICIAN says it is dangerous for old fa_ young and frail persons. to sleep in a temperature under 50 Fahrenheit. and 40. for the strong. Therefore the EMPIRE THERMOMETER is a boon to all. It properly registers. lasts a lifetime, and makes an ideal ornament. Send only 9d.—LARDENT'B, AIIIIer'S Hill. Deptford, London,

VOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.—EDISON STANDARD 1 PHONOGRAPH with large horn stand, recorder, record shaver, sixty records and ten blanks, and record carrying case. £8 10..; Mann's No. 5 B Green Bone Cutter, £1 105.; Hearson ICO Egg Incubator, complete, ft 4 10s. Greenwood's " Bedford" 100 Egg Incubator. complete, £3 10s. ; Perfection 100 Egg Incubator, compiete, £4 ; two Greenwooe's 100 chick *wirers, complete, £3. Will accept £2O for lot to clear, or exchange Bone Cotter, fittel for power with oil engine, or typewriter and cash:—Apply ROOKS & TOMLINSON, Milton Poultry Farm, Gargrave. via Leeds.

FOUND DEAD. —IANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers ki well. "After one dressing I found 136 dead neat morn ing."-3. BLISS, lielsthorpe, Leighton. " I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Poison."—C. CooK, Farmer. Ellesmere. " I stroyed 145 rats with it "-0 ViriLsov. Oro.4.—ian d Is 23 SANFORD & SON. Sandy, Reels. Sold by Chemist.

D&RK DORKING COCKURELS FOR SALE; big, healthy birds ; prize-winning strain; prices from 51. to 208.—Hurrren, Overton Lodge, Ludlow.

WANTED, 20 White LEGHORN PULLETS, also 20 Plymouth Bock Pullets, April 1904 hatched,— HARDSOUGH FARM, lidenfield. Manchester.

IsT"IANRUNNICRS.—Three Duck and a Drake, young 1 pure-bred (Ur. Sibson's strain). Ireland, Brighton Villa, Melling Mount. Melling, near Ormskirk,

73 bd. 108 bd, 12 6d. 2401 be ; Pig Food, 7s 6d and Poultry !deal, Be. and 108., per 2001135.—RocHE AND Co., 15, Gores piazzaa, Liverpool. Attention paper.

gototko, ZuOtneoeo, eft. A CEEB OLLIVIER 3,5 CO., Stockbrokers, Coventrei CI House, south Place. 8.C., transact all. Stock Exchange business for Investment and Speculation according to the Rules of the London Stock Exchange.

ItbiaL TAROPSY is a terrible Complaint which the Doctor says J. he Can't Cure.—Send 2s. 6d. and try Gordon's Famous 81003 Purifier and Dropsy Cure, never kn own to fail.— 30 6 BURY NEW RD., Salford.

12XPBRIBNCED !dale and —Female NURSRS at - LI moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES IssTim Tim Hope House, Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 257^ Royal. Telegraphic Address •` Nurses." STRRILR MARRIAGB ; its causes and curative treatment. A new edition just published. By a late Senior Physician Lc) a Hospital tor women. Post free 3s. Bd.—SHELLEY & CO. TD.,38, Liracechurch at., London.

66 VZO," the MARVELLOUS healer. Immediately heal _LA burns, scalds, cuts, wounds, chilblains, chapped hauds,eczema, neuralgia and all inflamed surfaces. Exquisite preparation, soothing pain and irritation, powerful anti septic. Clean nothing greasy, no band Age required. In Bottles 70., is. id., 2s. 9d. Post free from THE Ezo COM wry. b2a. Bridles mith Gate, Nottingham.

24 10S. OILY.—LADY'S TRAILER. with C springs, at half cost; body and wheels.in good condition.— ATKINS, 32, Oloorgate st., London.

MOTOR CAR on HIRE, with driver, four-seated Beeston Humber Car ; 1904 pattern.—Terms on application to T. M. BROADBENT, The H 0111,4, Latchford. -14,1Da SALK a double seated Trailer, very strong (for Motor 1' Cycle), was specially built at a cost of £25, fitted with cushions, plated handrail, pneumatic tyres, price £9 10s.— CLARKE & CO., Motor Engineers, Doncaster. 26 (.S. GENTS SWIFT,no‘v departure hub,free wheel kJ backpedalling and front rim brakes; everything complete; practically new ; satisfaction guaranteed ; inspection invited.-28, PERCY STREET, Warrington.

BRONCHITIS, TAKE ONLY COUGHS, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE. ASTHMA, ABHOR SUBSTITUTES. COUG CONSUNIPTIOR

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER COMPLAINTS, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS HEADACHE, DR. scorrs PILLS INDIGESTION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SCOTT'S PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR: SCOTT'S PILLS MEDICINE. 1 In a green square package. Prices ls..lid. and 2s. 9d.

SO ONE SHOULD BUY A CARPET. A CURTAIN OR A PIECE OF FURNITURE, WITHOUT INSPECTING GOODALL'S SHOWROOMS, KING STREET, MANCHESTER. AXMINSTER CARPETS 4s. 3D. PER YARD. LACE CURTAINS 3s. 9D. PER PAIR. CARRIAGE PAID TO ANT RAILWAY STATION.

ASK YOUR BAKER FOR kr 'y V EDA" I3READ, THE MOST DIGESTIBLE, DELICIOUS AND NUTRITI DU& EVERY LOAF IN A SEALED WRAPPER. AGENTS :- J. OFT AND SON, 98, BRIDGE STREET. WARRINGTON.

REAV Y GAS BILLS. FOR 2s• 6D. PER QUARTER You CAN HAVE THE "SHAW" SENSITIVE GAS CONTROLLER, WHICH WILL REDUCE YOUR GAS BILL FROM 10 TO 40 PER CENT. No TROUBLE. LIST FREE. J. SHAW, 49, DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER.

PER/6 u DAE DL) QUART SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9. 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, I/8, 2/-, 2/6. 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BROS. wINE MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.) EARLY AUTUMN NOVELTIES. W. T. WILLIAMS 16 NOW SHOWING A SMART COLLECTION OF COATS, FURS, SKIRTS, -BLOUSES, MILLINERY, &c., &c. PRICES MODERATE. SEE WINDOWS IN SANKEY SC. & LEGE!, Eq., WARRINGTON

-- COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.- TRADING INQUIRY. A COMPLETE REPRINT OF THE PROCEEDINGS of tin above Inquiry MAY BE OBTAINED, PRICE is. BACH. on or after Monday next, the 24th inst., at the Borough Treasurer's Office, Municipal Offices, Sankey-street. J. LYON WHITTLE!, Town Clerk. Town Hall, Warrinean,

Goddard Plate ..: 4 'Powaet• raw. Cleaning SilverEleCtro Pitife&g Pid everywhere lb 2/6 & 416.

MOTOR NOTES. A contemporary declares that, with the introduction of fast traffic upon country roads, it should now be made compulsory on the part of local authorities to remove I all trees and hedges where they obstruct a clear vie* of the cross-roads. This would indeed be a wise precau- tion, for, where both roads are main thoroughfares, a driver using either is apt to consider he has, if not a precedence, at least an equal right to cross without warning, and too frequently demonstrates this supposed right by .taking his vehicle across without perceptibly slackening his pace at all. --- A prudent person always makes a rule to slow down upon approaching cross roads, for the very reason that approaching cross traffic cannot always be discerned, owing to the presence of trees or tall hedges. at the angle. If this were invariably done by all users of the roads—motorists as well as horse-drivers—there would be fewer accidents and narrow escapes to be recorded from what is now fruitful cause. At the same time, the compulsory removal of any growth obstructing a dear view at such points would be an excellent step and we should much like to see it enforced. --- A very important consideration in the purchase of a new car is the matter of its petrol consumption. To in- dicate how much this may vary, we may mention that two cars of different and very well-known makes, but each sold as a 10 h.p. and both being fitted with a twin- cylinder motor, vary as much as ten to twelve miles on a gallon, the one running eighteen miles on this quan- tity, and the other averaging a steady twenty-eight to thirty on the same. These figures apply in each in- stance to the vehicles when carrying a full load. Such a difference, is, of course, a tremendous one, and would make a very striking contrast in the petrol bills for each car for a year, assuming that they were run over approximately: the same distances and the same kind of roads. A good driver will use far less spirit than one who has never troubled to study the engine's needs from an intelligent standpoint; but the best driving in the world could not get a car to run an additional ten, or even five miles on a gallon to the distance she will average under ordinarily fair driving conditions. -- Strong protest is being made against the growing practice of substituting a motor horn for a bell on a pedal-bicycle. Some writers assert that this is only I done to scare pedestrians who move much more quickly for the" raucous tootling" of the former than they will for the persuasive tinkling of the latter ; whilst others argue that, in congested traffic and noisy thoroughfares, such horns are really necessary, as the sound of a bell—at any rate, of a clear one—does not " carry " sufficiently to be of any material use. -- There is certainly considerable force in the latter argument, but, at the same time, one prefers to have some definite instrument reserved to indicate the approach of what is the fastest traffic on the road, and now that the great majority of motor cars are so much quieter than used to be the case, the "audible warning" by bell or otherwise, required by law is really necessary in order to give due notice of the approach of a motor car. Perhaps the solution of tLe difficulty will be found to lie with the "Tally-ho" musical horn patented by Mr. Moffat Ford and designed to be used solely upon motor cars Indeed this can hardly be adapted to a bicycle, for it would be a puzzle to decide upon the right spot for the accommodation of the air-container. Therefore, the best way will be to leave the " raucous" horn to the motor cyclist, and let the motor-carists delight themselves with Mr. Ford's tuneful "Tally-Ho !"—which is certainly a wonderZul improvement upon the gener- ally accepted "otherwise" demanded by law.

For Colds Bronchitis Winter Coughs Angler's Emulsion quickly over- comes an ordinary "cold." It im- mediately relieves the dry, hacking cough, and allays the sense of con- striction and rawness in the throat and chest. For those who are subject to Bronchitis or winter cough it is an especial boon; it always affords relief and frequently effects a complete cure. Pleasant to take, it promotes appetite, aids digestion, and improves nutrition. If you send 3d. for postage, and menti3a this paper, we will send you a free sample. Angler Emulsion (PITROLIIUM WITH HYPOPHOSPHITIES). Of Chemists, Vti, 2/9 and 4 6 ; or post free from :"ANGIER CHEMICAL CO., LD., 32 SNOW HILL, LONDON.

„ BILLIARDS. THE STROKES OF THE GAME. BY IFLI4C) JUNTX. [COPYRIGHT.] VIII. SlDE.—continued. Last week I gave a diagram showiug, a wide a-off into a centre pocket which could be made ritk cryetalate balls as a half-ball stroke with sienty of side, but which was not possible by the tee of side only when playing with ivory balls. DIAGRAM 18.

With the very greatest amount of side that it is possible to impart to the cue ball, the red ball after travelling along the baulk line, will 're- bound only-Tery slightly indeed to the right or the left of-,the line, thus clearly proving how Little side has been transmitted to it. If, whilst one player is trying this experimental stroke, an- other player stand at the opposite side of the table, he will be quite unable to detect even a trace of spin on the red ball. Of course, just a minute trace of side on a ball will affect its re- bound when it strikes& cushion at a right angle. (To be Continued.) Mr. Riso Levi will be pleased to answer in these columns all questions relative to tho article appearing weekly. and as far possible any questions on other points in connection with the game of Billiards. Envelopes should be marked "Billiard."

EWSBURY,3:I3ROWNS ORIENTAL TOOTH PFISTE The Original & Only Genuine. Pots 1/6&2/6. Tubes 1/:*

go. TOOTH C ,ftr PIMPARED sr il R.Y at let '74te1„,0 WIC K '7ES Tr.ltS" 4.1

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID _CURE. OF OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY BY EADE'S PILLS EADE'S PILLS. _- A RECORD CURE! AN INFALLIBLE REMEDY ! ! - 32, Archer-street, Breakfast Creek, Bayswater, Brisbane Queensland London, W. . Dear Sir,—Some 15 years ago I had the misfortune Dear Sir,—Sunday night my big toe pained me, on be attacked with Rheumatic Gout. I tried nearly all Monday it was much worse, and in the evening I could the doctors here, but they did not do me much good. I scarcely walk. At 6 p.m. I sent for a bottle of your saw your advertisement and obtained some of your Gout Pills, and took two at once. At 9.30 1 was much pills, and I can assure you quickly got relief. When I relieved, and could eat my supper. I took another feel any of the pains coming on, two or three pills gen- before going to bed, and although so hot I got a fair erally take them away. Many of my friends have used night's rest. I have taken two more pills to-day, and them, and all say they are an infallible remedy. For now, at 6.30, I am alriglit again. This is a record cure. myself, I say there are none to equal them. Yours truly, Yours truly PHILIP BRANS. S. L. HOWMAN. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectlyj safe in their action, eliminate all in- injurious matter, and are highly restorative. urious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. 14d. and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, is WI and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS _ A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, W ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used but COCKLE'S PILLS as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best. —Observer. eoeKLE,s FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTIBILIOUS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PILLS. For BILE LIVER ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, ecc.

CRIP HOW TO GET A I 'PROVOST' Porringer FOR NOTHING. I A Remarkable Offer.

A 2-pint Porringer for 30 2-Ib. Coupons, or 2/- Cash. ' A 3-pint Porringer for 50 2-Ib. Coupons, or 2/6 „ A 5-pint Porringer for 75 2-Ib. Coupons, or 3:- „ A 6-pint Porringer for 100 2-Ib. Coupons, or 3 '6 4/ Those sending cash have the amount rejimded on i forwarding coupons as stated. et- .1 THERE IS A COUPON ON EVERY PACKET. (rIC -- ? • -,,•:Tf, ~...e,t%'-',! ,/ /‘ . A -Provost- Porringer is not an w,O ,•.,,:•,....t 14. / / ordinary pan, but a beautifully enamelled : • ~ 47 ~, ~( ....s. double pan, the inner pan enamelled in .01111re-411.-.r. - - , pure white, the outer pan in deep Ii •-:----..--- - _i ‘., and not only is it a porringer, but a"Mtl I Vag' I• 01 it can be used for all general . , _ --- _ --T,-- j cooking purposes. , 'lli i' I I , ,-- ---__ --=--- ---------- ~. I' : -."------7---- ------ --------- 1 . g P lIWV OsT 5 i c.:=:...-..-.-.-.-...------- . _ ~..10 . 7--Z--_ls=';'. ~_____ _Agit: „---------------------------=---- -------,-..,...5.,. . are the finest selected Scotch Oats, the ~ ,7 ~.. - -----7---,___=__,.____—'''_,_lsfgrl best in the world. Infinitely superior to •-., :-.-vz-v, . ""----- -- --.--. --------- ._=-_.ff,..,.....„0,... American or other Foreign Oats. -------,--_- 7.7"--- - —r-ir-TiS;--05. 7-- ---_____,__:---z--_-:_-__.—..a.zii.4(l,-', R. Robinson & Sons, Annan, LB. '.. Try our "Blue Bell" Flaked Rice, it makes dainty puddings in five minutes. Simply drench the flakes in boiling waterand wok in an oven , for five minutes. 3d. a packet. •

LTURNBULL'S GUARANTEED PURE CANE MOLASSES STOCK FOODS. BEST ANI, CHEAPEST, ONLY IES PEP, Tos. is advisable, lien possible, to .order in lots of 2 tons to get benefit of the minimum railway rates. ARTHUR F. TURNBULL, 30 MARK LANE, LONDON, E.G.

iffP4 TROUVRS ,Fat MILLION. ,• 3/6 par pair, carriage paid. SGOO pairs to 1)1 sacrificed at 3, 6 per pair. Men's GOori Strong Dark Tweeds. Send • wdst and leg measure. l'ish with order. _ . SPENCER BROTHERS (Dept. 4), Wholesale Tnl rs. EAICLSFIEI D, S.W.

THE BEST I'. r LESS WATCH AT £5. BENsoN,sLonadoenfia BANK', In Silver Cases. Keyless, Three-quarter Plate ENGLISH t((01)),,s' 44 c LEVER WATCH, Chronometer Balance, all latest improvements, Crystal Glass Cases, in Silver, £5, or in strong 18-ct. Gold Cases, £l5. OR AT THE SAME PRICE ',...iir• ..,,., ' '-‘...ri ON " zbr ziuttz 2 2 SYSTEM OF ,i',l, P / *, 1 , ' ‘A MONTHLY PAYMENTS ,t . , A , N.. \ \ , ac....i... At CASH Prices. 1 1 ‘ , h WATCHES and JEWELLERY sent Free at in.— , -- l', our risk, to all parts of the world for Cash I. .. il 1 or P. 0.0. I Testimonials Ir. i , Old Watches & Jewellery taken in Exchange. 1, • ~ hi , 1 1 from Wearers . in all parts of the • ••:--••,,' GOLD CHAINS (London Hall-Marked), 0 World. £3 to £2O. 41'1) 10,000 t' RINGS ‘llW''''''i ~ : 0.. '1 4 . Most Superb Stock. , --/ , ,- ~ Pearls & Rubies, 28/- AT MAKERS' CASH PRICES. SAYING Brilliant, Rubiles, or BUYERS ONE THIRD. Sapphires iireihil •ar 0, \,,, (----- ....AP) ILLUSTRATED BOOK of Watches from3ss. , Clocks, Chains, Rings, Brooches, "Imperial" Plate, Cutlery and Bags, POST FREE. ‘., Brilliants and Silver English _Levers, London Made, Ruby or Sapphire, from £3 10s. single-stone Z 2 .Ios. Diamond Rings 04,4 J. W. BENSON , 4:.,,ediVapj,,, THE STEAM FACTORY— LTD., -••-• ' 62 cf 4 64, LUDGATE HILL I Brilliants, £l5. LONDON, B.C. Brilliants, £4. 4s.

TIRED MEN. When you are tired of taking mysterious prescriptions,and weary of wearing lilectril Belts, write tome, and I will send you a Book, which shows bow every roan, young and old, may he quickly and thoroughly cured of NERVOUSNEiS. EXHAUSTION, VARICOCRLE, and DEBILITY, from any cause whatever. WITHOUT STOMACH MEDICINE, or ELECTRICITY. Hundreds of cures. Book sent sealed,pcst free, for two stamos.—A. J. LEIGH, 92 and 93,Great Russell St., London, W.C. Over seventeen years' successful results.

)11r I P, rib \ , low • GUST D pOIITDI2II Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Custsarcl is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO ECUS ! NO RISK I NO TROUBLE!

MERRYWEATHER ON WATER SUPPLY AND FIRE PROTECTION of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements. WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS: MERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACNE, LONDON, W.C. WASHING AT HOME. IIIiAbIORIPII " VOWEL ELS° Wallida& WANOWO wad Igaagliag Sasklass SAYS TIME, SAYS LABOUR, and SAVE THE CLOTHES. Writs ler Cagahorest, toil Ave ow miiistion. THOMAS IBRADFORD sigil l4l, VA.I:3I....THIaLH:cLAZNit jit•L".., Vic"ala LavisiPOOL I RON Iry

HOE'S SAUCE Hoe's Sauce as a relish is all that can be desired. Delight- fully appetising, and wholesome beyond question.
