===== 0002601_19040130_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
LONDON AND NORTH WRSTERN RAILWAY. IMPROVFM PASSENGER TRAIN SERVICE FROM AND TO WARRINGTON.___

COMMENCING FEBRUARY 18T, 1904. The following alterations will be made in the week day service of trains from and to Warrington : TRH 8.9.8 a.m.' WARRINGTON TO OVRR it WHARTON, 'will leave at 8.10a,m., call at Moore in addition to present Stoppages and connect at Hartford with tbe 8.0 a.m. Break- fast Car ixpress, Liverpool to London, due Huston 12.0 noon. This ,0111 also give a connection to Birmingham (New street), arriving at 10.30 a.m. THR 7.20 am.. MANCHRSTRR (LONDON ROAD) TO WARRINGTON. will leave at 7 10 a m. and arrive Warring- ton 8.2 a.m. affording a conn.cilort with the 8.10 a.m. from Warrington to Birmingham and London. A NH q EXPRE4S 'TRAIN, in connection with the 2.0 p.m Express from Glasgow (Central) and Edinburgh (Princes street), will leave Wigan at 7.1 p.m. and arrive Warrliigton 7.18 p.m. The 7.20 p.m. W.rrin ton to Sandbach. and 7.5 P 01., Warrington to Manchester (London road), will each leave at 7.25 p.m , so as to connect with this new serviee from Scotland. THE 2.20 p.m.. WARRINGTON TO LYMM. which now runs on Saturdays only, will run daily and be extended to Broadheath calling at all intermediate stations. A NEW TRAIN WILL LRAVR BROAD HEATH at 3.15 P.m. for WARRINGTON and WIDNES calling at all inter- mediate statione.

THH 12.33 P.m . WARRINGTON to LYMM, which is vow extended to Broaciheath on Saturdays, will run to Broadheath daily. TM; 2.5 p.m., LYMM to WARRINGTON. Which now starts from Broad.,eath on Saturdays only at 1.50 p.m., will start from that station at 1.50 p.m. daily. Ruston Station, London, FREDBRICIE HARRISON, January,fl9o4. MG eneral Manager.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
;.;

ONE PIINNY

No 1294

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- -1- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BoROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

INVALUABLE FOR

COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, A STHMA, NEURALGIA

AND ALL KINDRED AILMENTS..

This oh 0 and tried :remedy has stood the test of two generations.

REFUSE to be put off with a SUBSTITUT the ORIGINAL can be had of ALL CHEMISTS if you let it be 'seen that you are not weak enough to accept an imitation.

3,5171:512181iMp-ririfipTiTi&w:ii L-7-.

46. 6D., TEEsPRICES.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
=EN

===== 0002601_19040130_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY, J/4.IqUIRY 30, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
THE THE EMPIRE THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE FURNISHING CO., EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE 300 AND 302, EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE STOCKPORT ROAD. EMPIRE TH.R..... C-on -M. MANCHESTER, Business THE EMPIRE hours: 9.a.m: to 9 p.m.; Saturday 10 EMPIRE THE THE p,m, ; Wednesday 1 p.m. EMPIRE Why envy ycur neighbour's home? EMPIRE THE We will make your home cosy enough Ttf E EMPIRE with WELL-MADE FURNITURE EMPIRE THE THE OD Our EMPIRE EMPIRE THE EASY PAYMENT SYSTEM THE EMPIRE at strictly CASH PRICES, which is the EMPIRE THE reason of our THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE GREAT SUCCESS. THE EMPIRE Intending Purchasers would do well tl "Pr" THE INSPFCr OUR STOCK AND THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE JUDOE FOR TTIEMSELVES. THE EMPIRE General terms, which can to altered. EMPIRE THE Terms: THE EMPIRE Worth. Monthly EMPIRE THE £lO ICI. THE EMPIRE £l5 l4s. EMPIRE THE £2O l6s. , THE EMPIRE £3O 24s, EMPIRE THE £,50 3os. THE EMPIRE Or weekly payments in EMPIRE THE proportion. THE EMPIRE No security and only small deposit. EMPIRE THE Transactions private. Goods sent free. THE EMPIRE Catalogues sent post free. Cars pass EMPIRE THE the door, and the conductor will set you THE EMPIRE down "by request " at EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE, THE EMPIRE EMPIRE Corner of Milton Street. THE THE EMPIRE We pay return railway fare to each EMPIRE THE purchase! from districts whet 1 tibil THE EMPIRE (paper is circulated.) $ 1 EiMPIRIE

===== 0002601_19040130_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR. MORRELL'S IN K oft

(UNDER ROYAL „PATRONAGE.)

IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES

WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID NEVER FADE! bad wbolesale from

SAM N. t REED. MARKET PLACE, REIRGTON

GUINNE§S'S DUBLIN STOUT.

il-ASS'S MILD LID BITTER ALES ALLSOPI"S MILD IND BITTER ALES. WHEATLBY'S HOP BITTERB. WHEATLBY'S GINGBR BEER. To be bad In CASH or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICH ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGII CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWEN STREET.

FOR MORE THAN .TWENTY YEARS

THOUSANDS ()F LADIES -11-AVIIMIIitiVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S 'FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE A

===== 0002601_19040130_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOS TO WO MAN KIN D.

Tbey'are the best known Remedy for Anaemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9id, Is lid, 24 9d, 4s 6d, and Ils, May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the Proprietor. Only Address: 3,39, PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTINGHILL.

.)DON' W.

*zy :Yosr }I 7% per Quarter 6s 6d per annum ;:per Quarter credit;

LOANS GRANTHD DAILY, ANY DISTaNCEOPROM

£5 TO 14000

• FOR ANY IMMEDIATE WANT, BUSIN,S9 OR PRIVATE, also for purchasing or staring new business, on simple promissory note. No fines. All applications immediately attended to. APPIY in confid- ence, personally or by letter, to THE STANDAIID LOAN CO., 4, PARKER STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL TERMS TO FAEMERS. u WS HEAD OFFICE : 9, CO/ FC FA') ICI'S' 1, T.,

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVAT

I)ENTISTRY.

' rtVend. ATPointmeats maaaeasary bat may be arrangbri_

TT

TEETH.

TEETH. TKETH. TEETH.

TEETH.

1 !consultations free.

Hach patient inforrred beforehand of work required.

Sold and other lllHnita at :node:ate °barges.

An M.D., also Lady Attendants.

Painiais Extraction as hitherto by the aid of Nitrous Oxide.

:faker to Deactsss of 10.000 gallons weekly. nacre. of the late

J. H. PARKINSON

(Morns? ay BIlm.)

MANCEIESTR'R-..._46, MOSLEY-STR3RT

(Telephone len),

MR. lIADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS —___... -GEORGE-STREUT MONDAI, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6-p.m

wAItRINGIv)NT SANK EY-STREI7 WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN BRIDGE-STRIVIT THURSDAY. 2 to 5.

NORTHWICH- 14, APPLF,M.ARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

T. CLARK E,

" EXAMINER" °MOE, RELRLRSTOWN, Has always in stock a GOOD ASSORIMENT of FANCY GOODS, ALBUMS (Photo and postcard) also PURSES &c., and Stationery In general. Agent for Diarres, 1934. by different Publishers. Your patronage win be much appreciated. NOTE THE ADDRESS, 33, MARKET STREET, HARLIISTOWN.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
Alfioneg

MONEY! MONEY ! ! MONEY ! !! £5 TO £lOOO. To each and everyone a heArty invitation is offered before going elsewhere to call or write to me in con- fidence and convince yourself that mine is the lowest interest and lowest rate of repayment in Hngisnd. The entire charge £5 to repay £5 6s. Od. £lO to repay £l2 Os. Od. £2O „ £24 Os, Od. £4O „ £4B Os. Od Larger sums proportionately. No *b ona-fide application refused. For honourable and straightforward dealing apply at once to J. JRNNINGS (private house), 9, ACADRSIY-ST„ WARRINGTON. No delay. Strictest privacy whether business done or not. Cash delivered on day of application. Distance no objec4;

VROM £3 AND UPWARDS'. DON I' FAIL TO i 1..: GIVE ITS A CALL AND CONVINCE- YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable is 6d weekly £2O repayable 7s 64 weekly. £5 „ 2504 „ £5O „ 178 6d „ £lO ~ Is 61 ~ £lOO ~ 39s 63 „ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEA TANGS aply in cm- fidence to MAURICE AND CO.. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MINkGERIESS, Miss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. HOURS, 9 am to 9 ,pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTE‘IDED TO.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
A.DVANCRS FROM £5 UPWARDS.

PERSONS WANTING TEMPORARY CASH ADVANCES SHOULD NOTE THE ADVANIAGRS OPPI3RED AT

THIS OFFIC S.

(1) THE DESPATCH WITH WHICH ADVANCES ARS COMPLETED. (2) THE SIMPLICITY OF PROMISSORY NOTE. (3) THE REASONABLE RITE OF INTEREST CHARGED.

(4) NO FINES FOR ARREARS.. (5) REPAYMENTS ARRANGED TO SUIT CON- VENIENCE OF BORROwERS. (6) NO BONDSMEN OR SURETIES REQUIRED. (7) ALL BUSINESS STRICTLY PRIVATE. (8) NO APPLICATION FEES.

APPLY PERSONALLY OR BY LETTER. S. AUERBACH.

123, MOUNT' PT.P,ASANT. LIVP.IRPOOI4

AIONEY LENT DAILY FROM £3 TO £SOU. To Shopkeepers. Farmers, Market Gardeaers. Hotel Keepers. Tradesmen, and to ail; responsible Householders worthy of credit (male or female), upon borrower's Note of Hand alone, with or without sureties, Amount borrowed and interest combined can be reald as follows :

£3, Note of Hand, 1/3 week £25 Note of Hand, 5/- week £5, ~ 2/- „ £5O 9 1 10/. 1 0 210, ~ 3/- ~ £10) ~ 20/- Larger amounts in proportion. Mouthly or Qnarterly Pay- ments taken ; other terms can be arranged. Capital can remain at interest only. Interest lower than any other lender in the district. Al! transactions strictly nrlvabe. and straightforward business dealings guaranteed. No bona-fide application refused. Pistance no object. No publicity. No delay. Prompt attention to all inquiries, either personally or by letter, ahsolutely free of charge. Intending borrowers should write or call for terms ot application. and compare our terms. Apply to any of the following addresses : MUTUAL ADVANCE AND 'INVESTMENT SOCIETY, 82, MILL-STREET, CREWE ; 19, QUEEN-STREET, WREXHAM; and 31, CHEETHAM HILL-ROAD, MAN-. CHESTER. Registered Offices

===== 0002601_19040130_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
Pottqess anb ?Laub on (aie.

FOR SALE, 6 Weekly Flouses ,98 yeara' Lease: let at 10a.. situate Sydenham. Particulars.-126. CATFORD HILL, S.E.

BLACKPOOL—ON SALE, HOUSE, North Shore, too bedrooms, two entertaining rooals, wach-bouse,pantry mortgave arrangel.-44. CARSHALTON ROAD

TWO HOUSES, Not. 24a and 24b, Alexandra rond, Sontb- .l. port; leasehold, 59 years to run ; rental £llO ; price moderate.—Addreas Mrs. McoßossAN, 28, Crorteth- grove, Liverpool.

FOR cALR,OI.) %EN HOUSS, No. 39, Westbourne mad, Birkdale, containing large hall, three entertaining seven bed rooms, large billiard-room ; sea view ; near golf links—Apply RIMMER and LEWIS, Warwick et., Southport.

rpo BE 501.D.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensh e 1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freeh9ld Lani, with Biding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. ilouwiG, .16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

-Eloa SALE, Large Modern HOUSE (33, Pilkington road. 1 Southport), containing two entertaining-rooms, eight bed-rooms, and usual conveniences ; five minutes' walk from railway stalion and twa m nutes from trams ; price £925, ralued at £looo.—Apply 60, SCARISBRICIE New road, Southport.

EICHCUTOR'S I:lALH.—Pair double-fronted Semi-detached Villas, Liverpool suburb, well let, rentals £2B each, tenants paying rates ; no chief rent ; price £135, subject to mortgage of £6OO at 4 per cent. Speculators or investors : 30 Freehold Houses (subject to chief), near Shiel Park, Liver- pool, id. tram to city ; rents after chief, £356 18s. ; price £2,500 £2.600 can remain at 4i per cent.—A.IITHUR WADE AND SONO, 38, Lloyd street, Manchester.

A BSOLUTELY SOUND but very cheap PROPERTIES for immediate SALE for cash

A grand Block of late, W.O district. —Producing nearly £390 a year profit for 62 years,will be sold outright for £l5OO, paying nearly 20 per cent., without a mortgage or charge of any kind; the cheapest lot in Londm. Splendid Block of Weeklies, at Peckham, produoing about £550 a 3 ear clear, for 71 years; price £3,500 right out ; no mortgage.

Clilt; Estate at Canning Town : about £3O clear, for 73 years to run ; price £425 right out; will allow £2OU at 5 per cent, per annum if desired. House, 8.0. district, produning about £45 per annum clear, for 77 years ; price £l5, right our Two Houses at Maida Vale, producing about £l5O a year clear; price £295 right out; no mortgage. Buyers call or write 4 George street, opposite Gower street Metropolitan Ely. dtation, or Telephone 35 King's Cross.

CIRCULARS 'n thti neatest stylr, from moder type, and of the best workmanship. ...Dilly WALKER AND CO„ "EXAMINER" OFFICE.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

L

===== 0002601_19040130_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r-

===== 0002601_19040130_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'ii

===== 0002601_19040130_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
2 FOR DEALNIMS AIN CAKES McDOUGALL'S Pategt SELF-RAISING FLOUP. The Examiner Saturday, January 30, 1904.

a pickaxe. A brisk tramp of about fifteen minutes brought us to the spot; we climbed over the crumbling walls, and dropped in among the long rustling grass. The desolation and dreariness of the place were beyond expression, nor was there any-

thing in the hum of awaking life in the great city beyond the Ajmeer Gate to neutralise the profound sense of loneliness which came over one on entering the wild, overgrown garden. Hideous bald-headed vultures wrangled with weird screams for fragments .of carrion, and clouds of flies, humming like locusts, hovered over the putrid carcase of a jackal,

or the body of a famished dog. In the growing

light I perceived four shadowy figures stealthily approaching, like ghouls gliding through the long growth: these were Rameer's assistants. I took a brief survey of the garden, which probably covered about two acres, in the form of a quadrangle, with the temple ruins in the centre. Rameer pointed out to me the spot in which he had discovered the little golden image: it was in one of the further corners of the place. I foresaw plenty of work in clearing away the dense tangle-weed, which we might easily have got rid of by the simple expedient of burning it, but that the flames would have probably attracted attention, and this I was naturally most anxious to avoid. I had every hope that by working quietly we should be unobserved, as not a dozen people a day passed in the direction of the lonely spot. The four Hindus approached, salaaming most obsequiously, and having rapidly made up my mind as to the best. method of beginning our search, I set them to worr They laboured vigorously, frequently pausing to refresh themselves out of leathern bottles, and the forenoon was still young by the time they had cleared the temple garden of its jungle- like growth. I then set them to dig deep trench the whole width of the enclosure, starting close up against the northern wall, my notion being to work along from this, and turn up all the soil as we went. The ground was of a loose, sandy nature, and readily yielded to the spade. Our first find was nothing of great value, certainly—neither gold nor jewels, but a fossilised camel, pressed as flat as a board. Our next discovery, made some dozen feet further on, was of a more interesting character, consisting of a long-necked porcelain jar, sealed at the mouth. "It is heavy," said Rameer, passing it to me, his eyes flashing with excitement • "it contains gold, sahib." I took an axe, my own heart beating high with expectation, and shivered the rate into a thousand splinters. Immediately out flew a mass of silver coins. All the natives set up a shrill peculiar cry of delight. I picked up one of the pieces; it was about the size of a rupee, but thicker, of a dull leaden colour, and bore the date 1399, together with an Oriental inscription I could not understand.

I afterwards discovered them to be pieces of the

period of Tamerlane, who, on this very spot, slew about 120,000 people at the close of the fourteenth century. The value of this discovery was not very great, to be sure, but it was "first blood," and acted as an encouragement. Rameer and the four blacks fell to work with renewed vigour, making

the sparks fly freely from their flashing shovels. The sun was beginning to get frightfully hot, but in our excitement we scarcely heeded the fierce rays.

I collected the scattered coins, and tied them up in my handkerchief.

I was thoroughly persuaded by this time that a large treasure was indeed concealed somewhere within the precincts of this sacred garden, and an idea presently taking possession of me, I strolled across to the ruined temple, and entered it. The place was miserably dilapidated, roofless, and the walls full of yawning chasms; the floor was carpeted with dust two inches deep, in which I perceived innumerable footprints, both of men and beasts. .1 scraped clear a small space with the sole of my boot, and saw that the floor of the place consisted of fine glazed tiles. Wishing to inspect one of these more closely, I opened the cartridge extractor in my big sporting knife, and inserted it between the chinks, which were fairly wide and flush up with dust. And now a marvellous thing happened. My knife slipped, and instead of dislodging the tile [the cartridge extractor ripped through the dirt in the crevice, causing it to spurt out. Amongst the debris I had thus disturbed there rolled at my feet, like several drops of blood upon the dust, a number of 'rubies! For a moment or two I discredited my eyesight —I could not realise this staggering revelation of the existence of a hidden treasure, which, for aught I could yet tell, was to be counted in millions. I fell upon my knees and began mechani- cally to collect the gems, putting them into my pocket one by one. None of them was very large, nor of great value, but then, if the floor of the

temple Were paved with jewels like this we might

indeed find some noble prizes amongst them. • stepped to the door and beckoned to Rameer and his attendants. They all came running towards me. "This is where we must seek the real treasure of the Guadrama Temple," said I, pointing to the floor. "See!" I pulled out the handful of rubies and displayed them. Loud were the exclamations of wonder and admiration, particularly from Rameer. "The floor is cemented with these," said ~ in Hindustani. "One hundred rupees a day to each man of you if you work well. We must turn up every tile."

They fell to with a will, stimulated by my offer of reward; besides, the ruined temple served as a shelter from the fiery rays of the sun, and rendered work tolerable. e first of all laid bare the whole surface ot

yellow soil that lay beneath the tiled floor of the temple, and then I bade the natives begin digging. I fear I should weary you, besides exceeding the limits at my disposal, if I were to recount in full, step by step, the story of our excavation of the floor .of that ancient sacred ruin. The task of discovery cccupied us for five days, and go fearful was I lest we should be observed and interrupted in our exploration, that as fast as the natives finished digging in one spot of the floor I caused them to re-lay the tiles and scatter the dust over them,' so that in case we were disturbed the place would wear its natural appearance, and people would not readily guess what we were about. Well, then, among the first things our research brought to light were a number of stone coffins, con- taining the embalmed bodies of Hindus, all in a perfect state of preservation, although they rapidly crumbled away into little heaps of dust upon being exposed to the air. But these coffins contained What was of more interest to us than mummies. In each one we discovered money and jewels in vary- ing quantities, and in the aggregate .amounting to a great treasure indeed. This, however, was by no means the whole of our noble prize. Amongst the dust which lay immediately beneath the tiles I collected as Many loose -precious stones as would have filled a pint measure. Many toys and images, all of them wrought in pure gold, and encrusted with gems, did we also bring to light, and one, in particular, was a fine model of an elephant, as heavy as a man could lift, with two large diamonds for its eyes, and its trunk, tail, and tusks literally zarnished with rubies and meralds. Of gold and silver money we found such a surprising quantity that we absolutely grew weary a collecting the coins. You may suppose that it would be a matter of no trifling difficulty to dispose of a great treasure like

this without exciting suspicion, but in a country like India such is not the case. The money-changers of the Chandree-Chouk, although they drive keener 1 argains than the most hardened Jew, are always • ager to barter in these goods, and by distributing (.ur valuable possessions among a 'number of the haggling 13rahmins I succeeded in realising, I dare :ay, fully two-thirds of the entire value of the treasure. This yielded us a sum of nearly half-a- -li:illicit rupees, which at the then exchange rate of Indian currency came to about £50,000. We divided 0,000 rupees amongst • the faithful natives, and Itameer and myself made equal shares of the r( minder. , A month later, very much to the sur- prise of my friends in Delhi, I resigned my position iu India, and returned to England [THE END.]

===== 0002601_19040130_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
(copyriy,,.) THE TREASURE OF THE TEMPLE.

BY HERBERT RUSSELL,

Author of "True Blue," "The Burning Sea," "The 'Longshoreman," "Elmira," "The Mystery ,of Vilitelat;y Island," &c.

It was the very height of the hot season in Delhi, and the great Oriental city lay parched and panting. I leant back in a bamboo chair upon the verandah of my bungalow, languidly puffing at a cheroot; the hour was about five o'clock in the afternoon,and although the sun was drawing towards the horizon, the earth seemed to literally palpitate with the heat which radiated from it. This was my first hot season in India; I had come out about four months pre-viously as private secretary to a high political officer, and the slow process of grilling, to which I had been subjected ever since, was but little to my liking. My native servant, or syce, came stealthily to the pea French window, made me a profound salaam, and stood motionless, surveying me with his dusky glittering eyes.

"What is it, Rameer ?" said I. "May the dog of a servant speak some words to the sahib ?'.

"He may,' said I, sufficiently used by this time to the extravagant form of Eastern address to be easily able to preserve my gravity. He thrust his arm into the girdle of his robe, and pulled out a small yellow object, which he placed in my hands. It was a miniature model of a Chinese pagoda, and the very moment I felt its weight I made no doubt that it was pure gold. "Where did you get this thing, Rameer ?" said I, turning it about.

"I got it by digging in the grounds of the old ivadrama Temple, sahib." This was a wild, lonely spot, about a mile outside the walls of Delhi, and amid the ruins of the ancient city of Fezorabad. The temple was a dilapi- dated mosque, standing in the midst of a dank and weedy tract; few people ever, ventured there, unless it was some wretched pariah or starving fakir seeking shelter in the crumbling ruins, for, no doubt, the long wavering grass harboured many a deadly cobra and puff adder. "In the grounds of the old Guadrama Temple, eh?" said I, viewing the tall Hindu curiously. "And pray what might have set -on investigating in that spot?" "I will conceal naught from the sahib, as with him I can do everything; without him, nothing. Lately there called here a Lud2nash (priest), begging for alms. I fear these people, and so I brought him into the house, and gave him of victuals and drink. I fed him well on the sahib's bounty; I gave him pice out of my own pocket. As he was leaving he stopped, put his bony hand on my arm, drew me aside, and said: Hearken, faithful son of Siva, for you are the only one who has given me of charity this burning day, and I sadly need it, for lam grown old, and people have no longer 'faith in my reading of the planets. For whereas I am poor and my astrology tells me that I cannot live much longer, and you have given me alms, therefore will I tell you a priceless secret, which is written in no book,nor engraven upon any heart. Despise not what I tell you now, but take a spade; go, dig well in the grounds of the Guadrama Temple, and with patience you shall find riches beyond compute.' When he was gone I thought much over what he said, knowing him to be one who could divine secrets it is given to very few to read; so in the shadows of evening last night I took my spade, and dug as he bade me, and—the sahib knows the rest."

I confess I was a good deal astonished by this narrative, borne out as the truth of it was by the little golden image I held in my hand. And yet, on reflection, the thing was not so remarkable after all, seeing that it is well known to all people acquainted with India that the soil in the neigh- bourhood of the ancient cities literally teems with buried wealth. Down to within quite recent times a hole in the earth was the only bank of the rich Hindu. That Rameer should have taken me into his confidence was, to my mind, very strange; though there was truth in his remark that the secret would be of little use to him without the co-operation of one in a position to help him in using his know- ledge, and to protect him against the suspicion which must naturally fasten upon a native in his pondition at any sudden, unintelligible acquisition of treasure. I asked him why he had given his secret into my hands, and he answered, with true Eastern servility, that it would have been unworthy of his caste to keep it dark from the sahib, whose salt gave him life. Well, it was but right that I should act fairly by the honest syce, who thus put me into full possession of a secret which indeed might prove valueless, but which was equally likely to turn out priceless. So I proposed to him that we should work together in the matter; that I should obtain permission to explore the deserted temple garden, and provide all the necessary implements and labour; and that we should participate in equal shares in any treasure we might discover. Rameer seemed highly delighted by the suggestion, and acquiesced in it with eager- ness. I asked him whether he could undertake to find some natives who were thoroughly to be trusted, to dig up the grounds, and with his bland smile he answered: "Oh, yes, he would find plenty in the Subzee-Mundee who would eat of his chupattees, and in that Hindu fashion swear eternal faithfulness to-him."

My first business, of course, was to arm myself with the necessary permission, so that we might not be molested during the coUrse of our researches, for the Guadrama Temple was Government property. However,l anticipated no difficulty upon this score, as the Crown Commissioner was personally known to me, and the thing was trifling enough to ask as a favour. Indeed, that same evening, after dinner, I strolled across to his bungalow, near the Residency, and finding him at home, made as though I had come for a smoke and a chat. I artfully introduced the subject which was the real purport of my visit, and told him, with an air of feigned reluctance, as though I were ashamed of my superstitious weak- ness, that I had a dream of treasuie buried in the temple bagh, and that although I expected he would laugh at me, I nevertheless wished for his permis- sion to explore the wilderness, to ascertain whether there was any truth in the presentiment of my slumber. He chaffed me a little, in a good- humoured way, but said I was quite at liberty to dig up the whole place if I chose. "especially," he added, "as you will be doing a distinct service in the gratification of your whim, by clearing the pestilential place of its snake-haunted growth." This was all I wanted, saving one thing more, to which I readily gained a laughing assent: the per- mission to keep anything in the shape of treasure which our researches might bring to light. I bade my friend good night, promising to let him know "whether I got the value of a farthing's worth of silver spoons "to reward me for my pains. On my return home Rameer informed me that he had secured the services of four natives of his own caste in whom he could repose absolute confidence, and that they would be in readiness to commence operations at dawn on the morrow. I proposed making a very early start upon the following day, for when the sun had got to the height of an hour or two above the horizon the °heat would be insufferable, and we should most likely be obliged to knock off work. I slept but little that night, thanks to the mosquitoes, and the excitement, which I am free to confess worked like a subdued fever in my blood, at thought of the treasure which I fully believed we should dis- cover in• the ancient ' garden of the Guadrama Temple. Rameer called me about four o'clock, just as the first greenish streaks of dawn were beginning to shew upon the eastern gloom. I sprang up and rapidly completed my toilet, taking care to put on knee-high riding boots for fear of trampling upon a snake, and, after a hasty breakfast, I set off in company with my syce for the ruins of the temple. He had stripped himself of everything save'a loin-cloth and a loose-fitting turban, and over his shoulder he carried a couple of shovels an

===== 0002601_19040130_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS, The Medical Officer's Salary Increased.

A meeting of this Boar I was held in the Board Room at the Workhouse on Wednesday morning. Mr. A. Brookes presided, and there were also present: Mrs. Clay, Rev. Father Wilson, Rev. T. R. Matthews, Dr. Murray, Messrs. J. W. Knowles (vice-chairman), A. J. Jolley, G. Pilling, T. H. Ashcroft, S. Davies, J. Payton T. Halton, G. Mather, J. Billinge, J. Turton, P. Longton, William Houghton, R. Forshaw A. Jolley, T. Ritchie, J. C. Sutton (clerk), J. F. Awbery (master), A. Wright (superintendent Padgate Schools.) . _ _

A TAILOR'S SITPER,&NUATION. Mrs. Woodhouse, foster mother at the Padgilte Cottage Homes having become incapable of discharging her duties with efficiency by reasor of permanent infirmity of body and in consequence thereof her office having become vacant, and the office of tailor having also become vacant, owing to their joint appointment and the Schools Committee having recommended that four years be added to the length of service of Mr. and Mrs. Woodhouse respectively under the poor laws, for the purposes of superannuation allowance, it was pro- posed by Mr. ASHCROFT that the addition of four years to such length of service be approved, and that the Clerk apply for the sanction of the Local Government Board to same.

Mrs. CLAY seconded the proposition. • Mr. J. W. KNOWLES asked how long Mr. Woodhouse had been in the employ of the Board. Mr. WOODHOUSE: Ten years. In answer to further questions, Mr. WOODHOUSE said he was entitled at the present time to a pension of is. 4d. but if four years of service were added it would increase the pension to about 10s. a week. Mr. J. W. KNOWLES said he ventured to say that very few tailors would have been prepared to give an employe, who had been with them ten years, a pension for life. He did not think they were elected to give awarthe ratepayers' money. There were many who had worked for private traders for many years who paver got a pension. As Guardians they were only entitled to act according to law and give that sum which the law directe.f. It was not within the reason- able scope of ,their duties to ask for the length of ser- vice of any officer to be increased and to make an ex- ception in this case. Beyond the pension which the length of service allowed, he did not think they were entitled to go. Mr. WILLIAM HouotrroNsaid the Schools Committee discussed the matter in a ery exhaustive way and they were unanimously of opinion that the application for a longer term of service be made. A great factor in assisting the committee to make the recommen- dation was the accident which Mrs. ' Woodhouse sustained whilst in their employandikvhich had disabled one of her hands. Another point was that the Board was so troubled with frivolous officers that when they got officers like Mr. and Mrs.Woodhouse, who did their work in such an exemplary and unobstrusive manner, it WM an incentive to others when the committee re- cognised it.

_ Sir. A. J. JOLLEY said the Board could not give an additional four years7pension without the corn mand of the Local Governnient Board. The Local Government Board was not in the habit of sanctioning additional years of service except for some very special qualifications. Unless some years were added to the service of Mr. and Mrs. Woodhouse the pension would be less than ten shillings a week and in that case it was quite possible that the Board would be asked for some out-relief to make the pension sufficient for them to live upon. The CLERK said the accident which Mrs. Woodhouse had sustained was an important point to put before the Board in considering the application. Mrs. CLAY said Mrs. Woodhouse had been a great sufferer for moßths.

The resolution was carried unanimously. DR. BRAIDE'S SALARY INCREASED.

THE QUESTION' OF A RESIDENT MEDICAL OFFICER. The House Committee reported that the application for an increase of salary was considered, and after con- siderable discussion, Mr. Billinge moved cold Mr. Alf Jolleyseconded that the salary be increased £5O. Mr. Brookes proposed as an amendment that a sub-com- mittee be appointed to thoroughly investigate the whole Question of the medical and nursing arrangements now in existence with a view of ascertaining whether it would not be desirable to place these arrangements on a different footing by the institution of a resident medical officer. Mr. Mather seconded. For theamend- meat fiva voted, for the increase five. The Chairman (Mr. Pilling) gave a casting vote for the increase of salary by £5O. Mr. GEORGE PILLING, in moving the confirmation of the minutes, made sympathetic reference to the illness of Mr. Greenway, who for a.period of 40 years has been the tailor at the Workhouse. Referring to the pro- posed increase of Dr. Braide's salary he contended that the medical officer was one of the worst paid officials of the Union.

Mr. ICNowLEs : What is his salary? Mr. PILLING : The salary is £lOO. That is all he gets for his snvices as medical officer of the house. Dr. Braide, continued Mr. Pilling, sometimes visited the house three or four times a day. He came every morn- ing and in special cases he was bound to come at any hour of the day or night. Mr. KNOWLES : His salary works out at about ss. a day.

Mr. PILLING : Yes. I calculate it at about half-a farthing per head in the house. Continuing, he said since Dr. Braide commenced the duties, the number of patients had almost !doubled: On the male side of the hospital there were 105 patients and the number was increasing every week. The wards on the female side of the hospital were also full. The Master had been instructed to purchase new beds as required and every- one must be convinced of the additional work which had been thrown on the doctor in recent years. When the application of Dr. Braide was read the Clerk ad- mitted that the statements made by the doctor were correct.

Mr. KNOWLES : Has he to visit each patient every day? Mr. PILLING : The head nurse selects all the special cases which need his attention, and he attends to them. There are some patients who require the doctor's atten- tion every morning. Mr. A. JOLLEY seconded the adoption a the minutes.

Mr. A. J. JOLLEY said he would certainly move an amendment. The position the Guardians were placed in was not a very pleasant one. It was neither easy nor sltisfactory for a layman to criticise in public a professional man, and he would endeavour to refrain from embarking on such criticism. He must say, how- ever, that he did not associate himself with the lauda- tory observations which had fallen from the Chairman. The amendment he (Mr. A. J. Jolley) had drafted read as follows, and he thought it would com- mend itself to the majority of the Guardians : "That the minute recommending an increase of Dr. Braide's salary be not confirmed but that a special com- mittee be appointed to consider the duties and emolu- ments of his various offices under the Guardians, to inquire into the medical and nursing arrangements of the Workhouse, and to take such action as they may deem necessary to enable them to report promptly and fully thereon." Proceeding, Mr. A. J. Jolley said the first interests they had to consider were those of the sick poor. In the second place, ranked the interests of the ratepayers, and in the third plqce, the interests of the medical officer. If the Guardians accepted the amendment he ventured to think that no injustice would be done to the medical officer but that while his interests were being considered the interests of the sick poor and the interestsla the ratepayers would receive careful attention. They could not consider the duties assigned to the medical officer as though they were included in a sort of water-tight compartment, and speak exclusively of his duties at the Workhouse. Dr. Braids held two or three offices under the Guardians. If Dr. Braide's remuneration as medical officer was being considered, his duties and emoluments connected with his various offices ought to be considered at the same time. He was not now putting the amendment forward for the purpose of suggesting a resident medical officer. That was an aspect of the case which required careful consideration. Ho had an open mind on the subject and most assuredly he would not have put the amendment forward had it not been for the suggestion to make so substantial an increase in the salary of the medical officer. •Mr GEORGE MATHER seconded the amendment. _ _ _ _ _ _

Mr. KNOWLES said that although Mr. A. J. Jolley so daintily touched the question of having a resident medical officer no doubt it showed that that was the object in view. Personally he was opposed to the appointment of a resident medical officer. He knew places where such an appointment did not work well. Friction arose between the Master and the resident ',medical officer as to whether the master was master or whether the resid- ent medical office' was to take upon himself some of the master's authority. It was much better to have a medical officer from the outside who could visit the house daily and be within easy reach on the 'telephone in case of emergency. It was well-known that doctors throughout the country were sadly underpaid for the services they rendered. They found Dr. Braide giving his serviees as medical officer of the house for ss. 6d. a day, if they counted seven days a week. It seemed a very small fee indeed. A reconstruction of the present scheme would mean great expense to the ratepayers. If a resident medical officer were appointed his salary would certainly grow, his drug bill would also grow, and many other things, including the cost of mainten- ance would grow. He was of opinion that an increase off£so to the Medical Officer's salary would in the long tun be a benefit to the ratepayers. Mr. R. FORSHAW :I didn t understand it was a question of appointing a resident medical officer. Mr. KNowt,Es T didn't say iG was. Mr. FORSHAW Paid he should support the amendment because he was in favour of the matter being thoroughly investigated. If the Board had a report on the sub- ject the members would be in a better position to decide upon it. Mr. J. BILLINGE cont4nded that the committee was quite unanimous that Dr. Braide was entitled to an increased remuneration, although some thought that an inquiry should be made into the question. He believed the members of the committee were of opinion that in giving this rsubstantial advance, Dr. Braide would be compensated for the loss of salary he had sustained during the last 11 years by being underpaid for the

duties he had performed. From his past experience of the treatment of recommendations of the Officers' Com- mittee he did not think the Board would take any notice of any report which would be presented. He would also like to point out that the salary of the Medical Officer did not come out of the poor rate. Rev. Father AVELsos' facetiously observed that Mr. Billinge seemed to have broken out into poetry— (laughter)—and in doing so he had taken full advantage of poetic licence. (Laughter.) The first licence he had taken was in stating that the committee were unanimous that some increase of salary ought to be made to Dr. Braide. He (Father Wilson) was present and he felt perfectly certain that no observations were made on that point at all, whatever their opinions might be. Then he could not follow Mr. Billinge with regard to what he said about compensating Dr. Btaide. He could not recollect that anything was said at the meeting or that the matter was discussed. It had been said that to change the appointment from that of an outdoor medical officer to a resident medical officer. implied growth of expense for requirements and main- tenance expenses. The Board did not know that this would be the end when the £5O were added. He could not assent to the suggestion that this proposed increase was compensation for some past loss and under-pay- ment. He would not consent to be associated with a committee or any Board that had deliberately kept an officer employed at such a salary as later on demanded compensation in order to do hiniljustice. (Hear, hear.) Thelquestion was one for inquiry and the present was a juncture when an inquiry might con- veniently be made. A careful inquiry would be an element in the settlement of the question as to the economy of one system or the 'other. The Board was constantly changing the probationer nurses and the reason was that they could not have professional and technical training at the Workhouse Hospital or get the necessary qualifications. The question was quit° open, and he had not expressed any opinion, notwith- standing the merits of the case. _ _

Mr. S. Davies s'F-tid-13-e—h-4-no hesitation in voting for the proposed increase of salary. Dr. Braide's duties had very greatly increased and the doctor had been very modest indeed in not asking for an advance at an earlier date. If someone had moved a lesser sum than L'so he would have preferred to support it. Mr. MATHER asked whether in case a resident medical officer were appointed at some future time and Dr. Braide deprived of the duties, he would be entitled to compensation for loss of salary? The CLERK said it would depend upon circumstances that he could not enter into now.

Mr. WILLIAM HOUGHTON thought Dr. Braide had been sadly underpaid, considering the increased duties. Their medical officer had to give the best hours of the clay to the Workhouse inmates and the duties were not of the most agreeable character. The doctor was also liable to be rung up at any hour for an urgent ease. The CHAIRMAN pointed out that the amendment at the most simply postponed the matter. The only differ- ence so far as he could see was that those who were supporting the resolution were afraid that at the inquiry something might come out.

Mr. Pfauld: No. no don't accept that. The CHAIRMAN (continuing) said something might come out that might not help the supporters of the resolution in getting the resolution passed. (" No No.") If in the best interests of the house, the committee reported that the present arrangements were not satis- factory, he thought the amendment would have fully justified itself. If the committee on the other hand, reported that everything was satisfactory, he would be very pleased to support the resolution of the committee. Mr. ASHCROFT: Hadn't we an inquiry two or three years ago. The CHAIRMAN : We hada Local Government Board inquiry, which was hardly creditable. Mr. AsHcitorr said he was referring to a committee specially formed when the new hospital was built, It was then mentioned that the Board could not get a resident medical officer under £2OO, and that there would not be sufficient work for him.

Mr. A. J. JOLLEY, on rising to make an explanation, pointed out that he made a suggestion to the House Com- mittee at the time the vaccination appointments were under consideration, that without adding anything to the cost, they might have appointed a resident medical officer who could have carried out those duties. Mr. PILLING, in reply, complained that the last remarks of Mr. A. J. Jolley were not of the nature of a personal explanation. He was sorry to see any ill. feeling displayed, because he did not know of a more reasonable application than that before them. He knew- of a Union which had appointed a resident medical oflicer,and the drug account went up in one year £7OO. On a vote being taken seven voted for the amend- ment. Thirteen voted in favour of the committee's recommendation.

The CLERK said that on a question of salary there must be a clear majority of the whole board. If they wished he would place the matter on the agenda for the next meeting. Mr.PILLING then moved that the Clerk apply to the Local Government Board for the additional salary. Mr. DAVIES seconded and the resolution was carried. _ _ THE DIVISION OF RELIEVING DISTRICTS. _

Mr. BILLLNGE moved: "that the Clerk be instructed to apply to the Local Government Board for an order to alter the numbers 2 and 3 relief districts by transfer of the townships of Houghton Middleton, and Arbury —Southworth with Croft and Wiriwick with Hulme from the number 2 district (Mr. Bowes, R. 0.) to the number 3 district (Mr. Aukland, R. 0.) The resolution was carried. SUPERANNUATION.

The CLERK pointed out that by the transfer of duties of the late School Attendance Committee to the County Authority. liability of the Guardians to payments for superannuation to the late officers of the committee has ceased and the officers are entitled to receive back the past deductions made from their salaries as school attendance officers. The Board then rose.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EDUCATION OF CHILDREN. Passive Inefficients." REPORT BY MR. J. FULTON SMITH.

At the annual meeting of the iVarrington Chamber Of Commerce on Monday, Mr. J. Fulton Smith presented a report, as the representative of the Chamber on the Warrington Education Committee. The Education Act of 1902, he said, came into opera- tion in the county borough on the Ist of April last year, when a committee was constituted by the Town Council of several of its members, in conjunction with representatives from various bodies; including this Chamber of Commerce, and the authority thus consti- tuted was empowered to take over the control and management of all the schools in the borough. The consideration of the exist- ing scholastic arrangements revealed the fact that those methods were totally inadequate and non-effective for educating and training the children of this town to the best advantage. The schools generally are imper- fectly adapted or equipped for teaching purposes. The buildings are defective in constructionand accommoda- tion, and there is a great want of light, ventilation and other conditions necessary to the health and comfort of those engaged in them. The appliances, apparatus, books, are either wanting or obsolete and unsuitable for present day demands. The first duty confronting the committee was to reorganize the schools, and to set up a higher standard of qualification and efficiency in the leaching staff—a slow process requiring much care and tact in dealing with those concerned, and in smooth- ing the way for unqualified assistants to become qualified and capable instructors. This unsatisfactory state of matters operated against the headmasters, hampering them in the most valuable part of their work, their time being taken up with details whichassistants, had they been properly trained, should have undertaken. The more advanced scholars suffered in consequence, as they were deprived of that personal influence andsupervision of the headmasters so essential to those about to leave school. There is a large work- ing class population whose earnings do not reach more than 20s. per week, and to such it is a matter of moment that their children should leave school as early as possible to become wage-earners, and contribute to the support of the family. The boys themselves are eager to get away from what they consider the thraldom *of school life to the illusory idea of freedom and inde- pendence. And so it comes about that exemption from school attendance is claimed as soon as the requisite number of attendances are made, although the boys and girls may not be able to pass the third or fourth standard. They may be styled "passive ineffici- eats," whose intelligence has not been awakened to a liking for any desire to improve their knowledge. Apprenticeship to trade begins at or before 14 years of age, and takes many a boy from school, although his parents may be able and willing to continue his school- ing beyond that age. At fourteen a boy is begin- ning to realise and to understand the value of his lessons, and the perceptive and retentive powers of the mind quickly develop. Those responsible in trade , societies for this regulation regarding entrance would do well to consider the effect of insist- ing upon the hard and fast rule in regard to age. An intelligent boy who enters a works at fourteen years of age is for a space'of, two years or so chiefly occupied in being little better than an errand boy, during which time there is great risk of his for- getting what has been taught him, and of losing the taste for further study. (Hear, hear.) Now, of the 1,000 children who leave the IVarrington schools annually, a very large proportion belong to the two classes referred to, who will become the foremen, artizans and workers of the future. An urgent duty devolves upon the Education Committee and teachers alike to remedy this weak spot in the educational system, and lessen the number of inefficients who are to pass into our workshops. It follows that the Chamber of Commerce, representing employer of labour, should be concernec' and have something to say in the educating and preparing of the youth of the town for business pursuits. Manufacturers and tradesmen bear a considerable share of the burden of

===== 0002601_19040130_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
local rates. It is only reasonable, therefore, for them to expect that more intelligence and aptitude to learn should be found in those seeking employment, and it ought to be within the province of this chamber to co- operate with the Education Committee in determining the character and scope of instruction best suited for handicrafts or a commercial career. As a suggestion may T commend to the serious consideration of the Chamber of Commerce that negotiations with) the Education Committee shouldjbe opened up for the inter- change of opinions and experiences of the aver- age boy from the scholastic as well as from the practical business point of View? If we are to have more efficiency, more appreciative and initiative ability, in our places of business and trade the foundation must be laid in the elementary schools bythoroughness in teaching the primary subjects of reading, writing, arithmetic and geography. The w)rk in connection with the elementary schools has up till now mainly taken up the attention of the committee, and it remains with them to proceed with a scheme for secondary education as required by the new Act. The responsibility of planning out a scheme has been thrown upon the local committees throughout the country, but no principle for guidance has been laid down by the Government. The Warrington Committee recently con- sidered and approved of dwell-thought-out scheme, drawn up by the Director of Education, as applicable to the borough, and a conference was held last week to con- sider the same along with a deputation from the Board of Education. The scheme is intended to bring about closer continuity in scholastic methods, and to adopt them with special reference to the requirements of this important manufacturing centre. It will, however, be proceeded with gradually, as those needs become better understood, and when it is ascertained how far the existing higher schools for boys and girls can be incor- porated and co-ordinated. The scheme is put forward and the efforts of the Education Committee are directed towards the solution of the problem of national educa- tion, that is to provide and secure to every boy and girl a fair chance to obtain the best education their abilities demand, irrespective of their position in life." (Applause.)

CHILDREN'S COUGHS. Mrs. RALLIS, the great authority on Children's Diseases, strongly recommends VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE.

Mrs. ADA S. BALLIN, 5, Agar Street, London,Editor of Womanhood, writes VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE is an exceedingly successful remedy. It is very pleasant to take, and the relief it gives is very rapid. The preparation is perfectly safe for children." Mrs. HAGUE, Ratcliffe Crescent, Lockwood, near Huddersfield, writes :—" My little boy suffered from hgarseness and bronchitis. We all thought he never would be cured or speak plain again. After taking VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE he was able to speak plain. I have never seen anything to act so quickly." Ask for VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE at Chemists and Drug Stores. Price 9Ad., is. LW., and 2s. 9d. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT SANKEY.

ST. MARY'S CHuactr.—The annual parochial tea party csncert, and dance took place in the Sunday schools the other evening. About 250 persons sat down to tea, which had been prepared by the wives of the wardens and sidesmen. For those not desirous of dancing a good concert, which was held in one of the smaller rooms, had been arranged, each item being warmly appreciated. The following ladies and gentlemen kindly contributed to the programme: The Misses White, Warren, E. Jeans, Gilbert B. Davies, D. Clarke, A. Atherton, J. Cook, A. Jones, Rev. J. R. Jones, Messrs. Whittaker, Worrall, and Dr. Batchan. Mr. H. A. Roberts was the humorist, and delighted the audience with his funny songs and patter. Miss M. Standish accompanied. Dancing commenced at eighto'clook and,wasikept up till 12.30 a,m., to music supplied by Messrs. J. and W. Ray.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
LONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY ENTERPRISE.

Local Advantages.

A reference to our advertising columns will show that the London and North-Western Railway Company have at last given Warrington a service which will enable the trading public to go to London and back the same day, after allowing nearly six hours in town for busi- ness. This is an achievement which will be greatly appreciated, as it means practically that in respect of a London service Warrington is now put on a footing of equality' with either Manchester or Liverpool. The service, it will be observed, is not only given to War- rington but residents at suburban stations—such as Broadheath, Lymm. Thelwall, Latchford, Moore, Acton Bridge, and other places—will also enjoy the privilege as the connecting trains have been altered so as to allow of their joining the Liverpool and London break- fast car express at Hartford. We are also glad to observe that better facilities are being given to the Midland counties. For many years past loud complaints have been made inconsequence of there not being a service that would enable passengers to get to say Birmingham before mid-day without starting at an unreasonably early hour in the morning. There will be no further cause for grumbling in this respect as the alterations proxide for passengers from all the places named getting to Stafford, Wolverhanipton and Birmingham before 10.30 a.m. with connections to all the important stations in South Staffordshire. The additional trains that have been arranged on the low-level line between Warring- ton, Lymm, Broadheath etc will, doubtless, be of great convenience to the residents of that district, but there is still wanting an improved afternoon service into Metnrhester, and we hope that in pointing this, fact out the accommodation will be forthcoming sooner or later. We note with much pleasure that the service from Scotland to Warrington in connection with the2p.m from Edinburgh and Glasgow will also be materially improved by the running of a new fast train from Wigan at 7 o'clock in the evening, thereby preventing passengers being subjected to a stopping train south of Wigan with the unpleasant change of trains at Newton- le-Willows' rs and for the convenience of passengers residing at Latchford and all intermediate stations up to Broadheath, the low level connecting train has been altered so as to cover the arrival of .passengers from Stotland, a similar convenience being also given to passengers for Acton Bridge. There has been a long- standing grievance in regard to the Belfast boat train, which leaves London at 5.35 p.m., not calling at War- rington, and we are pleased to hear that this is receiv- ing the serhitts consideration of the authorities, and it is to be hoped that before long it will be our pleasure to announce that this boon will have been conceded— or if not this, something equivalent. The arrangements in connection with the goods traffic have also been largely re-organised. The public can now rely upon delivery of goods the following day at most important centres, including such distant places as London and Glasgow. Through trucks have been I put on the service between many other places of importance, and altogether the facilities for the prompt conveyance of merchandise has been greatly improved.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
HARRIERS.

WARM OTON v. SUTTON.

IFOn Saturday Warrington harriers ran their inter-club race with Sutton Harriers from the Glassmakers' Arms Sutton, Trail was laid over about 6 miles of heavy country, and after an absence of forty minutes, C. Straw the junior champion, appeared in sight. He was fol- lowed by J. Hall, his club mate, who was about a quar- ter of a mile ahead of the rest of the field. The remainder followed in close order, and on counting up it was found that Sutton had won by three points. The following were the positions :—Sutton: Bradshaw, 3 ; Colville, 4; Morris, 5 ; lace, 6; Robertshaw, 8 ; total. 26. Warrington.: Strrw, 1 ; Hall, 2; Mather, 7,; Barlow 9 ; Berry 10: total 29. Warrington are now training for the coining Cross- country championship, when they hope to improve on last year's position. (fourth).

S

-% etms

CURES when all other Remedies fail

===== 0002601_19040130_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC

REUEVIPC ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC AND SOON CURES

The Worst Corns and Bunions.

It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on tilF). soles of the feet. It you suffer try a box, you will never regret it.

Boxes 1/11,. of all Chemists. BEEMAN & SON, Chemists, C4Elri:44l

===== 0002601_19040130_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
OR I: . .;

Much That Every Woman

Desires to Know

===== 0002601_19040130_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
About Sanative Antisep- tic Cleansing

km! Abut Curing Ulcerative Pains and Weaknesses.

Too much stress cannot be placed on the great value of Cuticura Soap, Oint- ment and Pills in the antiseptic cleans- ing of the mucous surfaces and of the blood and circulating fluids, thus affording pure, sweet and economical local and constitutional treatment for weakening discharges, ulcerations, in- flammations, itchings, irritations, relax- ations, displacements, pains and irregu- larities peculiar to females. Hence the Cuticura remedies have a wonderful influence in restoring health, strength and beauty to weary women, who have been prematurely aged and in- valided by these distressing ailments, • as well as such sympathetic afflictions as anzemia, chlorosis, hysteria, nervous- ness and debility. Women from the very first have fully • appreciated the purity and sweetness, the power to afford immediate relief, the certainty of speedy and permanent cure, the absolute safety and great economy which have made the Cuticura Soap, Ointment and. Pills the standard skin cures and humour remedies of the civilized world.

Millions of the world's best people use Cuticura Soap, assisted by Cuticura Ointment, for preserving, purifying and beautifying the skin, for cleansing. the scalp of crusts, scales and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening and soothing red, rough and sore hands, for annoying irritations, inflammations and ulcera- tive weaknesses, and for many sana- tive, antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves, as well as for all the purposes of the toilet, bath and nursery.

oft•g

===== 0002601_19040130_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
75

FOR

ill tai is a reJ remedy.

;h horn, nhler-

..,ens h. phlegm, permitting it to be e ctorated without ;train. soothing the mem, .nes and allaying the irritation so commonly ex- perienced. There is nothing to equal it. 01 all Chemists at home and abroad. lie/use th many substitutes offered. Price, 9id...1/li, 29.

,0

USE - CZ) ' 46 •*--. LINSEED Of • 7AARDKECOMPOUND 4 ('y 2. 01. M2l= X 111 r 4KAVS COMPOUND ESSEN( .A 7...0F LINSEED ANISEED ETS r, 0 ,sn INSEED COMPOUND" liable old Engli It soft- 'lard Ixpet abra

===== 0002601_19040130_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
. _.... * . _ . . . . ___ ______._ _ _ . _ __ __ - - - -----7---- - --' _ _ ---__ -_----___ . _ __ 7._ _ _ • --- - - ___ _ ____ _ __ ...-_ - , .__ _ _ __ _ . . _-....... -_,......,-..z...,......, ___ ---------- __---

UGHS&COLDS

EVENTS OF THE WEEK.

m 4111

THE EMPEROR OF KOREA

AND El OM TVE C PTTAL.

those days, and at the age of

nine he was put

to work in the

pits. After go- ing through the various grades

of a minei's life he made his

way to the neighbouring

county of Dui:

ham, -v;here for many years he

Worked

hewer. He was first heard of as

a militant trades unionist

at Marley Hill,

in the know-

GATESHEAD'S NEW MEMBER.

Mr. John Johnson, the new Liberal mem- ber for Gateshead, was born in the little Northumbrian hamlet of Wapping, in the parish of Benton, and received such education as then fell in the way of miners' children in the village school. There was no corn- pulsory school attendance in

near Stanley, MR. JOHN JOHNSON, M.P. and soon grew

ledge of his fellows, for during the years oi his arduous service underground he had not been idle in seeking for mental improvement. Refraining from the many outdoor pleasures which engage .so much of the attention of the colliers in the north and elsewhere, he gave himself up to more intellectual courses, and was soon ahead of the majority of his fellows in mental pursuits. So it was that in the early struggles of the union Mr. Johnson was a powerful speaker, a fearless advocate of the rights of the miners. When by the death of the late Mr. Crawford, a vacancy arose in the places of the agents he was elected treasurer and agent to the Dur- ham Miners' Association. Nine years later they elected him their financial secretary, the post he now fills. He has also been honoured with the confidence of the electors by being returned as a member of the County Council. Mr. Johnson is a member of a Primitive Methodist body, he was former- ly a Sunday school superintendant and a class leader, and has now for twenty-five years been a local preacher. One of his brothers is a well-known minister of the denomination, the Rev. Mathew Johnson, of: Hetton, co. Durham.

...-- - ----------- ----Z-------..,--- _ ----i-------_---------7- _,:-.:^l- __.......„...+". ,- -7..-----..---- -.-*-.-...- -- - --.--- - -_____........_____. •••••-•- - - -..-- -____._...._..._._..- _---------------------=------ _ ._ . . . ~ _ C , _ . •__________-__—_—_______ _..,..- 4...., . iZ----------,-..----- ,___=. f a . i • ----‘ -41k,1r • ''— -- —Agg / vs ...... .1... r.. / ~.. S. ':... -111 i - ligiUMPUOill. -----, • I r t / • - --- - - -- - ". . . ----- c ---garil \ ' ' ' ll' '-'•' '=l - / P. ' ' 7\SI----- „ .4110, liiiiiiit 010- ~ lI.Ti: MA& --__ .. t‘ kliitli Ail . i • qil 1110

Zt ‘).\\ •: -.-/ „ 17. ,

===== 0002601_19040130_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
KOREA AND MANCHURIA.

From day to day for the last three months the great question has been "peace or war ? " but the negotiations have, owing to the pro- crastination of diplomacy, dragged on week after week. The attitude of Russia and Japan has been that of two wrestlers feinting at each other, looking .for an opening or a sign of weakness, and waiting to close. Japan, cer- tainly, has shown none, and, if the yielding comes, it will undoubtedly be from Russia, who is keeping the whole of Europe on ten- terhooks, preaching peace whilst preparing for war. In the East itself she is forced to be more or less passive in case of giving offence or committing any hostile action, which might easily precipitate war, especially in the pre- sent state of Japanese temper. So ruffled is the latter. and at such a pitch of tension is the feeling of the country, that it is feared peace would, even with full concessions, be none too popular, and unquestionably a strong hatred of Russia has been aroused through- out the length and breadth of the tight little island. The Russian fleet in the main ap- pears to be hemmed in in Vladivostock, which it dare not leave for fear of bringing things to a head; and thus, if war breaks out, Japan has an initial advantage by sea. On i land t. lopks as though the fighting would centre itself in Kotea, and both countries are making their preparations round this "Tom Tiddler's " ground of the East. Korea itself appears to be in a state of ferment, if not actual revolt. Korea stands where Japan stood many years ago before the "young Japan" party inaugurated the progressive measures, which have brought it to such a pitch of modernity and perfect organisation. Korea, however, is even more dilletante, even more the land of the lotus-eater. The high- caste Korean, none more than the Emperor, abhors hurry and bustle, and is the personi- fication of a well-bred inertia and laziness,

ONE OF THE MASSIVE STONE BRIDGES ON THE MANCHURIAN LINE AND THE TYPE OF ENGINE IN USE.

which go so far as to disdain the least effort. Even when riding, he prefers a man at each ler, to assist him! Eating, sleeping, doing nothing, waited on hand and foot, he passes a life of utter indolence, and he loathes and dreads any bother and fuss. Anything which will upset the even tenour of his way is ab- horrent, and war and rumours of war he hates. To be let alone, that is his sole ambition. He wlslips to play no part in politics, and the pre- sent prominence of his native land in the international game of diplomacy is distasteful to him. If anyone insists upon taking Korea under his wing, protecting and developing it, the Korean would prefer Japan; but, above all, he would prefer to he left alone to work out his own salvation in his own way. But both Powers are closing in upon this land of the lotus in view, of eventualities, and there appears to be a serious rising, if not an insur- rection, against the Government. The pro- gressive leaders are gaining more power, and in the south there are serious riots against the official tax - gatherers. Several thousand• Koreans have been called to arms in a sud- den access of energy, and Seoul, the capital, has the eyes of the whole world focussed upon it to its intense disgust. The Seoul-Fusan railway is being pushed on as fast as pos- sible under Japanese .auspices, and Major- General Ijichi, of the Japanese Army, has arrived in the. Korean capital. Advices irom Chefoo announce that Russian troops are slowly moving upon the Korean frontier in readiness in case of eventualities, training to Haichen and proceeding on foot to the Man- churian tide of the Yalu. Their security of tenure is very fragile as the last fifteen hundred odd lines of the single railway is not only infested by hostile tribes, but has according to report been mined by the Chinese in the Newehang district. In event of war General Kuropatkin will command the Russian troops and land forces, and, of course, Admiral Alexieff will be supreme at sea. 'lt is now definitely stated that a Chinese protec- torate over l‘lanchuria is absolutely insisted upon by Japan as the first clause of a peace- ful settlement. 'Meanwhile, poor indolent Korea is shaking in its shoes and wishing it were all over.

imommeommanyimparmigiviipir fitwilio _ - • 4 II - 42 IA

===== 0002601_19040130_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SOMALILAND V.C. HERO.

The act of courage for which the Victoria Cross has been conferred on Captain and Brevet-Major J. E. ,Gough, of the Rifle Bii- gade, is one of the most conspicuous acts of bravery yet seen in Somaliland. During the action at Daratoleir on the 22nd of April last, Major Gough assisted . C a p- tains Walker and Rolland in carrying back the late Captain Bruce, who had been mortally wounded, and preventing that officer from fall- ing into the hands of the enemy. Cap tains , Walker and Rol- land have al- ready been awarded t h e Victoria Cross for-their gallan-

try on this occa-

siojn, but, Major CAPTAIN AND BREVET-MAJOR Gough, who was J.• E. GOUGH, ,V.C. in command of the column, made no mention of his own conduct, which has only recently been,, brought to notice. The war correspondent, the late Mr. W. T. Maud, described the gallant part played by Major Gough, but his despatch • was censored by that officer, who passed everything in it except mention of himself. Subsequently, when his despatches were no longer subject to Major Gough's censorship, Air. Maud ,sent the full facts. Maio, Gough has also .been gazetted Brevet-Licutenant- Colonel.

w _ e,—

===== 0002601_19040130_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY AND CANAL COMBINED.

The latest and, perhaps, the most anoma- .ous use to which electrical power has beat put is instanced at the Teltow Canal, near Berlin, where the boats and barges are now towed by this means. It seems strange, at first sight, to have a railway to drag canal boats, but the idea is eminently practicable. The carrying capacity of the canal is con- siderably increased, as the system in use is zapable of drawing greater loads at a faster pace than the obsolete method, while it is

THE NEW ELECTRIC TOWING ENGINE.

Claimed to be cheaper, as the expense•caused by damage to the banks and bottom of the water-way is reduced to a minimum. Before deciding on the system to be used the Teltow L-anal administration offered prizes, which were keenly competed for by twenty invent- ors. In the system selected the power is obtained from a specially - built generating station, the current being conveyed by over- aead wires.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WEST COUNTRY CENTENARIAN.

Whatever may be said in disparagement of our climate, somehow it seems on the whole to be pretty healthy. That is to say, the death rate is not particularly high, and we manage to produce as many centenarians and old people as other countries. ' Take as an example the grand old Admiral who

died last week and was at

ninty-f o u r. as

fine - and hale

a specimen of an old English gentleman, full of energy and

activity, as one could wish to

see. On the

day of his funeral Mrs.

Bremridge, the

famous -centen-

arian of the West country, celebrated her

103rd birthday

at-Sidmoutli MRS. BREMRIDGE. amidst her large

circle of friends. Earlier in the ,week she had been slightly ailing and had given a certain amount of anxiety to her relatives: but, as her birth- day came round, she threw off her passing indisposition by the aid of her strong con- stitution, and on Thursday she was well enough to receive and appreciate the many presents and messages of congratulation which arrived at Spring Gardens. Amongst the former was one from Queen Alexandra, which was highly appreciated: and this Mrs. Bremridge acknowledged in her own hand- writing. porn in 1801, when King George 111. was on the throne, she is, as she has full possession of her faculties able clearly to remember the battle of Waterloo and the , great sensations of the day, when " Boney's " landing was feared in the West country, She was the daughter of a Barnstaple solicitor, and in 1824 married Mr. Bremridge, whc twice represented her native place in Parlia- ment. Her married life lasted just (wet fifty years, and she celebrated her golden wedding in 1874. She is one of the fe\N, people living who can clearly remember foul coronations. Now, despite her age, het memory is unimpaired, and she is able tc take part and interest in the affairs of every- day life: and er conversation is noticeabl( for its charm. Truly Mrs. Bremridge is a wonderful old lady !

krolll---* Fr; "V / \ \\

===== 0002601_19040130_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION.

FIRST DIVISION.

KEIGHLEY v. WARRINGTON.

Fully 3,000 persons witnessed this match at Keighley. The home side had to face the slope at the outset, and with one or two exceptions they were kept on the stretch resisting the determined inroads of the power- ful Warrington team. In these movements, Hockenhall, Kenyon, Dickenson, and Isherwood took prominent parts, and but for really superb defence on Keighley's part, A. Pearson being conspicuous, a decisive lead must have been won in the early stages. Then Keigh- ley, helped by Crocker and Myers' well-known move- ments, changed the venue, .and Pearson served by Jagger would have scored a try had not the ball slipped from his grasp in grounding, and half-time arrived with the score sheet blank.

The second half found Keighley early in tro üble, but they soon became invaders. E. Parson aryl Myers were both temporarily hurt, but resumegand Myers a moment later served his companion, who nearly got over. Myers essayed a drop, which was too low, and then A. Pearson intercepted a visitor's pass outside the quarter-line and dropped a goal. From this point it was clear the home side had taken the measure of their opponents, and Crocker, Myers, and Jagger were among the busiest. Walker landed a penalty goal from near the centre, and this left Keighley winners by 2 goals (4 points) to Warrington nil. Teams : Keighley.—Walker, back; Jagger, Hardman A. Pear- son and Hardwick, three-quarter backs ; Myers and Crocker, half backs ; Holden. Fearnley, Dawson, Gell- ings, E. Pearson, Tempest, Kilby and Tillotson, for- m ards.

Warrington.—Hallam, back; Kenyon, Tsherwood, Dickenson and Hodkenhall, three-quarter backs; Bate and Davies, half backs; Boardman, Morrison, Swift, Thomas, Edmondson, Lunt, Jolley, and Naylor,forwards. Referee—Mr. J. H. Smith: touch judges—Messrs. J. Newsome (Dewsbury) aril G.,F. Dickenson (Halifax.)

===== 0002601_19040130_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES v. RUNCORN.

Played at Widnes, before 3,000 spectators. Runcorn started, and Tilley returned to half way. For a time Runcorn forwards got possession, and several ,passing bouts almost ended in a score. The game then under- went a change, and Widnes had the best of matters, Runcorn being kept continually on their own lines. From a scrummage under the post the v isitors were penalised, and Tilley placed a goal. Just before the interval Lally had a drop at goal, but the ball hit the upright, and bounded back into the field of play. Half- time score—Widnes 1 goal (2 points), Runcorn nil. Early in the second half Widnes showed their superiority, and Barber a..d Wailing put in some dash- ing runs. Runcorn were penalised for off-side, and Tilley placed a second goal. The Widnes right wing intercepted a passing movement, and running strongly got to within a few yards of the line when he was collared. Towards the close Wailing evaded several of his opponents, and pissed to Peacock but that player was brought down on the line, Res ult—Widnes 2 goals (4 points) Runcorn nil. b Lek; Barber, Hughes, Peacock, end Wailing, three-quarters: Lalley and Douglas, half- backs; G. Aspey, S. Aspey, Lynch, McCabe, Curtis, Webster, McDonald, and Cockram, forwards. R unco rn.—Harri son, back; Jones, Butterworth, Warder, and Flannagan, tihree-quarters ; Jolley and J. Richardson, half-backs; Walker, Moulton, Farmer, Richardson, Tomlinson, Washburn, Dobson, and Houghton, forwards. Referee, Mr. J. Priestley (S ilford) ; touch judges, Messrs. R. Yeates (Salford) and G. Naylor (Wigan).

===== 0002601_19040130_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
OLDHAM v. BRADFORD

Played at Oldham. Both te Llll3 ware at full strength. Decan scored an unimproved try for Bradford, and Ferguson kicked a penalty goal for Oldham. In the second hair Kelly (Oldham) was sent off for roughness. Mosby kicked a penalty goal for Bradford. Barker (Bradford) was ordered off for roughness. The game was very rough throughout. Result—Bradford 5 points; Oldham, 2 points.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
HUNSLET v. SALFORD.

At Hunslet. before 9,090 people. In the first half Albert and Waiter Goldthorpe scored tries for Hunslet, one of which was converted, and Walter Goldthorpe also kickeda penalty goal. He repeated the perform- ance in the second half, while Lomas kicked a penalty goal for Salford, who were quite outclassed. Result— Huuslet, 3 goals 2 tries; Salford, 1 goal.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
BATLEY v. HULL.

At Batley. The home side immediately attacked, and good combination resulted in Wattle Davies getting possession,and scoring in the corner. The same man failed at goal. On change o.f ends, Raley were leading by a try to nil. The hone tea:n still attacked, and by an individual effort Wattle Davies scored. The same player shortly after dropped a goal. Result—Batley. 8 points; Hull, nil.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
BROUGHTON RANGERS V. SIVTNTON.

At Broughton, in ilni weather, before 12.090 people. The Rangers,.who started, had much the best of play, and Wilson scored twice and Hogg once. In the second half the home side again asserted their superiority, and Hogg (twice), W. James, and Wilson each scored tries. W. James landed a goal. Result—Btoughton Rangers, 1 goal 7 tries (23 points); Swinton, nil.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
HALIFAX v. HUDDERSFIELD.

At Halifax for Rigg's benefit. The home team pressed, Langhorn scoring. Little kicked the goal. Play ruled fast and even, both ends being visited. For obstruction Huddersfield were warded a try, Mosley failing. No further score up to half-time. Keen play was the order in the second half, Halifax pressing severely. Little eventually kicked a penalty. Williams scored after good passing, Little improving. Halifax pressed till the finish. Result—Halifax, :3 goals 2 tries; Huddersfield, 1 try.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

WARRINGTON "A" Y. PENDL EDIT Mr.—Warrington "A" had an easy task on Saturday, when Pendlebury were the visitors to Wilderspool. The visitors started operations but the Warrington men goon made inroads into their opponents' quarter' Evans scoring after a few minutes' play. Knight failed at goal. There were several good but unsuccessful attempts at scoring, Short being pushed into touch on two•occasions when he ha:.chauces of getting over. The visitors were penalized and Knight kicked a splendid goal from a difficult position. Re- ceiving the iall from Evans, Jordon raced over and Knight added the extra points. Duckworth obtained possession and on being tackled passed to Harmer who scored between the posts. Knight kicked a goal. At half time the score was : Warrington three goals three tries (15 points), Pendlebury nil. Soon after the re- start Jordan made a fine effort but was tackled on the line and the referee ordered a scrimmage. Soon afterwards Short scored a try which was not improved upon. A lixtrticularly fine dribble was com- menced by Short, but he overran the ball When a score seemed imminent. Warrington. continued to attack, and Forster ran over in fine style, Knight failing at goal. Later the latter player kicked a penalty goal, and also converted a try, scored by Fillinghain. Final :—Warringtona " A," five goals, six tries (28 points) ; Pendlebury, nil.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GENERAL ELECTION.

It is coming. If not thii yew, next ; if not not year, the year after. Of course there will be lively times. General elec- tions are always lively. But this particular general election thit is hurrying up is going to be the hardest fought within the memory of living Englishmen. Poor John Bull ! He will be pulled right and pulled left. He will be thruit forward and held backward. He will •be tcld that his greatest achievements lie in the future. It. will be dinned into his ears that his star has for ever set and that all is over with him. Tim Free rPooders will pat his capacious. stomach, and advise hint to continue to fill it with foreign produce at cheap rates. The Tariff Reformer will hold before his eyes pictures of closed factories and processions of starving workmen, at the same time asking him what he intends to do about it. Verily, the turmoil will be great.

But amid all tile pother about food, and the best way of providing it for John Bull's little family of forty I millions Odd, no politician' will utter a word about its proper digestion,though food derives all its value from that. That task will fall upon the proprietors of Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup,a sure cure for indiges-• ition and biliousness, made from fruits, roots and herbs. Ifor thirty-five, years the principal family medicine in use throughout the world.l • I"First nty appetite failefl and I could eat nothing with relish," writes Mrs. Middleton, of 14, Slades I Green Lane, Erith, Kent, on the 13th October, 193. 'Then food lcogan to cause ITI3 pain, waier increased to such an extent that at last I became afraid to eat. My ' stomach had lost the power to digest. My energy gradually left me. Every day I found myself more I languid and unlit for work. The least exeftion tired I me, and generally I was so drowsy that I could have I gone to sleep at any moment. T was attended by no i fewer than three doctors, but not one of them succeeded in relieving me. Though I left off solid I foOd and lived entirely on fluids I got no better. At /aft.l had to take to my bed, where I remained for nearl a year. Then I became an inmate of the Sea- man's Hospital at Greenwich, but derived_ no benefit from my stay there for nineteen weeks. As a last re- source I tried what Seigel's Syrup Could do for me and was much ralievoi by the first bottle. After that my , progress was stealy and continuous, until T was soon quite well again. ielieve that Mother Seigel's Syrup saved my life." The suffering is great when honest folks find it diffi- cult to obtain food, but not so great as the sufferings of those who, having it, are unable to digest it.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
DOES EUROPE E \IST?

BY G. K. CHEST.ERTON.

When controversies have been going on for a long time they tend to become so hot and confused that any cause is misstated both by its opponents and by its supporters. I do not mean merely that any cause and the merits of any cause tend to be exaggerated by the lovers of that cause. Of course the lovers of the cause exaggerate it, like all lovers. I mean that they tend to forget what it is. This is peculiarly so .with the old Liberal policy regarding the relations of Turkey and Europe. Liberals and Conservatives alike too often talk as if Mr. Gladstone's horror at the Bulgarian massacres had been humanitarian and nothing else, as if lig had been indignant at the slaughter of so many Christians for Turkish policy, as he might have been indignant at the slaughter of so many birds for ladies' hats. He had this indignation because he was a healthy and complete man, capable of indignation. Some people are not capable of it. A large number of modern strong men and Empire-builders view destruc- tion with the colossal calm of Napoleon, for the simple reason that they have not the animal spirits to be angry. Mr. Gladstone ond the old Liberal statesmen possessed this quality, and therefore no doubt they were angry about the mere physical agony and the mere physical waste of life in the perennial Turkish problem. But it is altogether wrong to suppose that they thought only, or even primarily, of this. It is altogether to miss the point to talk as if Mr. Gladstone and his party opposed any pact with, or concession to, Turkey from a mere disgust at the sight of blood. I repeat that they were not indifferent to this, and that if our imperial moderns are indifferent to it, it is not by any means because they are more virile. They are simply specimens of a type common in all high civilisations • and they like to have a good deal of blood all round them because they have very little inside. But all this was only an emotional aspect of the matter. Liberalism opposed pacts with, or concessions to Turkey because it had a certain philosophy of European politics. The real root of Mr. Gladstone's politics was something larger even than his particular protest; it was that he held a certain •view of Europe. He believed a rather curious thing about Europe; a thing that amid the general discussion, on the subject would very seldom be admitted. He believed that it existed. When our living Imperialists use the word Europe, it is much to be feared that they generally mean the whole of Europe except England. Allowance must be made.for their subtle anti-patriotic bias; but the fault of the matter is very evident. The modern politician will always prefer the thing which is defined and ticketed to the thing which is pervasive and vague. Believing himself to be a practical man he will believe in nothing he cannot see, which is one of the most unpractical maxims there are, as anyone may find by blowing the gas out. And this indifference to the thing which is without ocular boundaries constitutes the greatest difficulty we have in persuading our politicians to deal seriously with the case of the Turks in Europe. If you asked a modern -)olitician of the type devoted to what is •J strangely called efficiency, whether there was such a thing as Germany, he would answer that of course there was. It had such and such boundaries, such and such treaties; its flag, he would say, is so and so, its constitution written in such and such a book. Surely there can be no question about the existence of 'a thing which is thus defined in rigid utterances, presented by ascertained rituals, which is traced in histories, which is marked in maps. But suppose that you asked that politician another question. Suppose you say: "And do you know that there is in the world another thing older and more anonymous than this old and anonymous Germany, darker and more mysterious than this dark and 'mysterious Germany, larger and more indeterminate than this large indeterminate Germany, more living and more immortal than this living and immortal Germany ? It has no boundaries; it has no laws; it is powerful, but has not a single regiment; it is august, but no man has ever seen its banner; it has neither judge nor gibbet, but it is obeyed. Do you know that there is a thing called Europe ? ' if you say this to him he will say that you are talking mysticism. Perhaps you are, for mysticism is the same as common sense; they are two forms of the same one thing, the' thing which pedants cannot understand. It is by spiritual atmospheres, and by these alone, that we do all the practical things of life. Everybody knows, at any rate, that it is by mere mystical atmospheres that one decides to engage a housemaid. The same kind of common sense which leads one to know without any logical proof, that one housemaid is good and another bad, is perfectly capable of telling its this simple thing—that Europe exists. That is to say, there is a real community by which we live and to which we owe allegiance, which is the community which would in old days have been called Christendom, and to which we now have to give the older pagan name of Europe. I need not multiply examples of the practical solidarity of that Europe. We all know perfectly well that if a brilliant ethical. thinker appeared tlimorrow morning in Russia we should in a short time have heard of him. We all know that if a brilliant ethical thinker appeared tc-morrow morning in China (as he very likely may and very likely has) we should not hear of him. We all know that as the various nations of Europe once competed in the Crusades they now compete in scientific' gunnery, and that suggestions come from all parts of Europe in one common European atmosphere. We all know that., physical science, itself the newest of the forces, has only confirmed in its practice the old com- munity of Europe in the study of the Latin grammar. For Latin is still the lihytta communi.,, although this great tongue, whiCh was once employed for the definition of God, is now employed for the definition of microbes. The man who fancies that the civilisations of England and France and Germany and Italy and Russia do exist, but that the civilisation of Europe does not exist., is committing the most colossal blunder that a man can commit— he is preferring the thhigs that are seen which are temporal to the things which are not seen which are eternal. There are, as I say, many arguments, ranging from republicanism-to beer, ranging from Dante to dynamite, by which one might te prepared to prove the reality and unity of Europe. But the best of all the arguments is the simplest. It is the fact that into this European unity there has by an historical accident intruded a very small wedge or outpost of r.notlier c iii at on ; that outpost has suoceeden Itl:ettitig it:sell treated as a European' 1 ..t‘4o 44 11.1, European privileges: ard ' ifs-. or

outpost has succeeded in making itself more of a problem in our continent than all the gigantic nations of that gigantic continent put together.

-The real point about the old Liberal policy In the Near East is not that it was humanf. tarian politics, but that it was philosophical politics. It had this profoundly sensible realisation of a European civilisation against which the Turk militated. He militated against it when he was a Turkish brigand; but he would have militated against it quite as much if he had been a Turkish angel. What Mr. Gladstone believed was that certain ideas and moralities lie behind political facts and problems. He believed, for instance, that no European people can be pei manently cured of ;+,, hoh;t nf it:,eif as a people. 'iv nether tie was rigit. in the Doer affair, he was not acti:.:_ .iy as a moralist or a dreamer. The force • f.ind the Majuba settlement was not magnanimity, it was nationalism. Its originator believed in nationality, not merely because it was an ideal to be set against the brutal facts of conquest or commerce. He believed in it because he thought it was much more of a fact than conquest or commerce, a much older fact, a much fresher fact, a much more dangerous fact. He was not in these matters an opportunist, because he did not think oppor- tunism practical. That is to say, he was peculiarly a philosophical politician. What was true of him in the smaller and more doubtful case of the Transvaal, was true of him in the larger and more generally accepted difficulty of the Near East. It Is again to miss the point altogether to say that he wished for an alliance of Christians against Turks instead of the old Palmerston policy of an alliance with Turks against Christians, merely because he had a sensitive conscience, and thought massacres wicked. He wished it because he thought that again he was on the side of the eternal common sense against the temporary common sense. An Oriental civilisa- tion, an Oriental philosophy, an Oriental view of life, was planted in Europe as a European power, schemed with Etiropean diplomatists, fenced itself with European armaments, dotted its city with European hotels. And it kept within it, century after century, the sacred fire of a non-European ideal, the holy secret of a totally Asiatic faith and a totally Asiatic cruelty. The rationalistic politician of modern Imperialism says: "This is a European Power; let us treat with it, let us take account of it, let us bargain with its diplomatists, let us use its guns." The philosophical politician says: "This is not a European Power; it may be as good as we, it may be better than we, but it is not of us. Every convenience you arrange with it, every advantage you gain through it, is only putting off the evil day of an essential antagonism You are doing something. much more coarse and common than merely opposing justice; you are putting your money on the wrong horse.°

===== 0002601_19040130_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
"NOTHING CHEAPER OR BETTER THAN

VI-COCOA."

Thousands of men and women say this. Experience has told them that a 6d. packet or 9d. or Is. 6d. tin of Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa is the best value in the world. Experience also tells them that Vi-Cocoa affects beneficially both the old and the young, and possesses properties equally valuable to the weary brain worker and to the man Or woman whose labours are more par- ticularly manual. In fact there is no cocoa like Vi-Cocoa, and if you have not tried it the Proprietors will willingly send you a dainty sample tin free upon receipt of a post card addre'ssed to 00, Bunhill Row, London, E..C.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
A MINISTER'S INDIGESTION.

Cured by Bile Beans.

When a minister speaks for a medicine depend upon it it's good. When he tries it it's better. When it has cured him it's best of all. A well-known Baptist minister in Lincolnshire has proved that for indigestion and allied ailments Bile Beans are absolutely unequalled. They cured him; and in gratitude he penned the letter printed below. Indigestion, by the way, is a disease which is so varied in its if symptoms that scores of people have it and don't know it. They only know they're feeling bad. There is a loss of appetite, frequent belching of wind, sometimes pain, not only in the stomach but round the heart. At other times the sufferer is ravenously hungry, but a heavy meal, although enjoyed, brings on acute pain. Some- times there is dizziness ; at others specks before the eyes. Pain in the left arm is another symptom of this strange disease. Bile Beans cure it by toning up the whole digestive system. The Rev. J. Lindsey, the minister referred to above, writes:—

Donington, Spalding.

To The Bile Bean Co.

Dear Sirs, I beg to add my testimony to the benefit I have derived from the use of your Bile Beans. Some short time ago I was a sufferer from indigestion, which brought on severe pain. My doctor prescribed for me, and I was shut up in my room for three weeks, but nothing seemed to give me relief. I then determined to try Chas. Forde's Bile Beans, having seen the ad- vertisements in the papers that they were invaluable for indigestion and liver disorders. So T sent for a box from the chemist, and to my surprise—for I had always looked with a little doubt upon advertised remedies—when I had taken only a few doses I felt great relief. I con- tinued taking the Beans until I was completely cured, and there has been no return of the ailment. I can now eat and enjoy a hearty meal as well as fanyone, and I owe my present good health entirely to Bile Beans. Yours faithfully. (Rev.) JOSEPH LINDSEY. Bile beans are the product of the latest scientific discovery. This is why they succeed when older and imperfect " remedies" fail. O'btainhble from all medi- cine vendors or post free from the Bile Bean Co.. Red Cross-street, London, E.C., upon receipt of prices, is. 144., or 2s. 9d. for family size, containing three times- Is. lid. box.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON'S TREASURE HUNT.

Extraordinary Street Scenes.

Hunting for hidden treasure has become quite a common ocdupation of late, and no one seemed astonished on Saturday night when Warrington suc- cumbed to the craze. Extraordinary, not to say amus- ing street scenes followed the publication of the "clues." In an incredibly short time it was noised abroad that a medallion entitling the finder to £25 was hidden near the cannons at Arpley. Crowds of people were soon hurrying to the spot. There were men, womenand children—nearly all bent upon the one object of enriching themselves, but as far as we can hear, no one succeeded in unearthing the treasure. Of course there was a certain number of unconcerned observers who came merely to enjoy the fun. The hunters followed the newspaper directions with all seriousness, "Thirty paces forward, and ten to the right ! " one would hear ' them exclaim, and then the distances would be carefully I measured out. This task completed, knives and other implements were brought into requisition and the searchers did not relinquish their efforts until they had left unmistakable evidences of their energy on the surface of the road. Every nook and corner in the vicinity was explored. We heard of one smartly-dressed individual who decided that a grid was the most likely hiding place. Handing his coat to a small boy, he rolled up his shirt sleeves and engaged in a fruitless search in the mud. Some young fellows peered into the cannon mouths but'received no reward for their pains. The lights from numerous lamps and candles le2t a further novelty to the scene. In addition to the disappointment of going empty away, the searchers had to endure the chaff of spectators who viewed the hunt from windows on the station premises. The damage to the road could not be allowed to go on unchecked and information being sent to the Chief Constable, a number of officers were specially told to prevent any further mischief. Until early on Sunday morning search parties were at work and during the day. other people renewed the hunt. Policemen patrolled the neighbourhood and kept the crowd well in hand. The Chief Constable took further precautions on Monday by issuing the following notice :

POLICE WARNING

"Whereas acts of damage have been committed in this town and other districts by persons in search of hidden medallions (said to entitle the' finders to money from the owners of a certain news- paper),the said form of destructive nuisance being now commonly known asa " treasure hunt," this is to give notice that the district of Warrington affected by this craze is for the present under con- stant police supervision, special o.flicers being told off to keep a continuous night and day watch upon the neighbourhood. The police will promptly arrest any person detected in the act of damaging any public or private property, and thepenalty of such acts is at the discretion of the magistrates, imprisonment without the option of a file. The advertising paper distinctly points out that destru- tive conduct,' far from being necessary would be wasteful effort, in the endeavour to find the ob- jects said to be concealed." THE LIABILITY OF THE INSTIGATORS.

At Manchester, on Wednesday, Mr. Yates, the sti- pendiary, in infiictin fines on a number of persons charged with committing damage to highways in search for hidden treasure. said in his judgment under the Highway Act, any person damaging the surface of the highway was liable to a penalty, and by Jervis's Act every person aiding, abetting, counselling, or procuring the commission of the offence by Others was liable to summary conviction. He would have.. no hesitatiGn in convicting newspaper proprietors. .

===== 0002601_19040130_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
------- ...............

===== 0002601_19040130_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
I What do they do

with those Spoons?

Of course they can be used like any ordinary spoon, but to realise their true value try them on porridge made from

' Provost '

Oats,

and you will say you never tasted anything more delicious in your life. The spoons are worthy of the porridge, and the porridge is worthy of the spoons. Any purchaser of 'Provost' Oats can get one of these elegant Silver - plated Spoons by sending in Coupons as directed. A Coupon is on every packet.

In America they grow Oats but the quality is far inferior to the Scotch Oats, of which Provost' Oats is the pick. There are none better.

R. ROBINSON & SONS,

ANNAN, N. B.

Try our -" Blue Bell" Flaked Rice, it malZes dainty puddings in five minutes. Simply drench the flakes in boiling water and cook in an oven for five minutes.

3d one pound packet.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Baptist Church, Colborne-street. On Sunday afternoon a united meeting of the Sunday school and Bible class was held, when the annual prizes for regular attendance were distributed to the scholars of the Sunday school and the half-yearly prize distri- bution to the Bible class in connection with the Book Fund, took place. The prizes consisted of Bibles, hymn books and other volumes, in all,over one hundred hand- some books being presented. The Pastor spoke a few words, and the Secretaries gave short reports on the year's work. Musical selections were admirably ren- dered.—ln the evening the Pastor preached from the text, "Thoujart not far from the kingdom," at the outset explaining that "The Kingdom of God" meant the kingdom within, God taking possession and control of the life. The character and attitude of the young man ' addressed by Christ in the text were studied, and while commending many points the Pastor uttered a warning against being near the kingdom and yet outside. Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church. At this Church on Sunday special sermons were preached by the Rev. John S. Simon, governor of Dids- bury College. There was a fair congregation at the morning service, when Mr. Simon showed how St. Jude was gravely concerned at the creeping in of ungodliness amongst his fellow apostles, how near he felt the approach of the second coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and how his desire was for them to keep more strictly , to the holy faith, once for all delivered to the Saints— the great central belief in the atonement of Jesus Christ. The anthem "0 worship the King," was creditably rendered by the choir. The evening service was well attended, when Mr. Simon preachetl eloquently on the subject of Jesus Christ drawing disciples by the way, illustrating three different types of men who, being drawn by the attractiveness of Christ, felt they could follow Him anywhere. Mr. Simon showed how the followers of Christ must be prepared at the commence- ment, for a series of self-sacrifices,ln giving up habits that could not agree with the Christian life. The choir ably rendered the anthem "Sun of my soul." The 'collections amounted to Rll Os. 9d. Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.—Open Meeting. A very large congregation assembled in Wycliffe Congregational Church on Sunday afternoon on Ow occasion of an open meeting in connection with the P.S.A. Society. The President (Rev. John Yonge) pre- 'sided and briefly introduced Mr. W. Beecher Smith, of the Y.M.C.A.. Manchester, who delivered the address Mr. Smith, who had recently returned from a visit to Canada, spoke of some of the lessons to be learned from his experiences. He based his remarks on the text "The sea is His and He made it.. His hands formed the dry land." In referring to the sea as a great separator of families and of kindred, the speaker reminded his hearers of the Fatherhood of God, whose love for man- kind was illimitable and knew no physical boundaries. The Apollo Male Voice Choir sang with marked pre- cision and ability three pieces entitled "The Crusaders," "The Pilgrim's Chorus" and "The long day closes." "The Pilgrim's Chorus." which was sung with organ accompaniment, was especially well sung, the organ giving tone and effect to the whole. Mr. George took the solo part and Mr. Payton, Mus. Bac., presided at. the organ. Mr. T. Brough conducted the choir in his usually able manner. The New Vicar of St. James', Latchford. The Rev. H. B. Firth, the newly-appointed Vicar of St. James', Latctiford, was on Monday evening the recipient of a token of esteem from the congregation at Runcorn Parish Church, where he had been senior curate for nearly ten years. The gift was presented to him at the annual congregational party and entertain- ment and took the form of a handsome gold hunter watch and chain. The watch bears the following inscrip- tion:—" To the Rev. Herbert Boisneau Firth,M.A., vicar of St. James' Latchford. A token of affectionate esteem from Runcorn, his first and only curacy, where his work for nearly ten years has endeared him tc;:the parishioners. January 2,ith, 1904." The Vicar (Rev. Canon Wood) eulogised Mr. Firth's work in the parish and Mrs. Wood made the presentation. In the course of his reply, the Rot. H. B. Firth, who had a very hearty. reception, said they would like to know that he had had the kindest and heartiest reception at Latchford. (Applause.) It had been painful to sever his connection with Runcorn, but he could assure them that he had gone among a warm hearted people and already had a good number of new friends about him. They had in St. James' parish a girls' friendly society, a mothers' meeting, and nearly all the organizations he had been accustomed to so that he hadthe same sort or work, and he supposed this was the case everywhere, though places were different. He again thanked them very much for the present, and he could assure them no possession would be dearer to him than that which had come from his old friends in Runcorn. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19040130_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i--"*"'"7",,

===== 0002601_19040130_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,*-• • 1

===== 0002601_19040130_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
I

.44 .. -- , 'i ' , , 1 i ,

.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt. "o:amnia pvertes

rig ," WARRINGTON AIM MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER." published every Saturds.— morning. T" " EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. T." "Sr. HELENS EXAMmsa," published every Friday afternoon. T" "Rutccourz EXAMINER,": publi9hed every Friday afternoon. T" " ' VIDNES EXAMIE VR," published every Friday afternoon.

PREPAID ADVERTISERE NT AP 'FITMENTS WANTED HOUSES: WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELIANEOIIB W ANTS One

ARTICLES FOUND

MISCELLANEOUS SALES

' Three Biz Weeks. Weeks. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ls. 10d. ... 38. Od.

Words. 18 27 36 45 54

... Es. 6d: ... 4s. Od. ... 38. ld. ... ss. Od. ... 38. 84. ... 6s. Od.

WANTHD, good, strong, GEINIMAL at once--Apply Aire. SCEILE, Ifighfield, Sale.

IBAY.—ALDERsoic BROTHERS, Direct Importers. 25, Brasenose road, Liverpool.

NBURALGIA. Why suffer unnecessarily. Invaluable remedy le.—B. WYLIE, Copley, Halifax.

64-101104.RSONS and POVERTY " ; price 2d., from DAVID .1. Woods, 55, Hartley street, Belfast.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
ManteD.

A GIiNTS WARTBD. for linqniry Oftioe.—Apply REGEN " HA RDT, 74 Graoechurch street, London. B.C.

WANITD Good THAMSMAN. cottage on farrn.—Apply to Tnomsa TowsaErtn, Mawdealey, Rufford Station.

EXPIIRIRNORO MAN wants situation in single-banded bread bakery.—Write 104, FARNWORTH 9TREET, Widnes.

EVERY MAN wl.l3,ncr to increase his income, send stamp for Particulars.—" VEBITA.I3," 41, Isleeon road, Fins- bury Park, London, N.

ANTBD, .AGRNOIRS for Articles haying quick ssle, large windows for show purposes.—W. SIMPSON, Forham rout Whitley Dm

===== 0002601_19040130_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
A MINTS WANTRD ; Kyl-Kol, 6d. packet saves ton of lA. coal; one agent's profit one week £lO 10s. ; you can do this.-0. A. HOULT, Doncaster.

ART —Work at Home, tinting prints, postcards ; easily acquired; good prices.—Addressed envelope ART Co., 6, Great James street, Loudon, W.C.

WANTHD, LAD just left school to learn business, sdstry and poulterer's ; smell premium.--'' DAIRY," care "Corporation," 47, Fleet-street, London.

QUNLIGHT 13011 P WILAPPERS.—Send all you have saved by Parcel Post to G. E Cooxic, Grocer, Burgess Hilt who will return you Is. ner 100 for them.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
HOMH WOKK. Ham money with the quickest. simplest and latest improved Harrison Knitter, lists free.- 48 —ll2. UPPER BRooR STREET, Manchester.

itPIES desirous -of earning £1 weekly privately with sewing machine send stamped addressed envelope. This is genuine.—SHAW, 87a, Westgate. Br.dfurd.

DYEING ANO CLRANING.—Agents wanted ; genuine offer to shopkeepers and dressmakers ; liberal commis- don; no risks.—Write MANAGER, Dye Works, North Wa'sham.

NVANTED to Adopt. by a restmotable couole, a Mother- lass or Orphan Girl; will be well treated and have good home: about 13 years.-1, Az.314 Oorrivar, Leyland lane, Leyland.

WANTED, a thoroughly experienced FOREMAN for large sulphuric acid plant. State Kir, former experi- -ence and wages expected.—Address Box R.T., "Examiner" Office, Warrington.

;„1 RT —PEESONS of Hither Sex 1111QUIRRD for a simple Pro-ess of tinting prints, postcards. at home, easily acanirPri, good prices.—Particulara, address.—AßT Co.. 6 Great dames Street, London. W.C.

A,TILICHOUSI4, WANTED e steady younz MAN as Cow- man. Must be a genuine good milker. No other n.ed apply.-- Apply GEORGE 00ULTHWAITR, 10 Lily road, off Linacre road. Litheriand, Liyerp. 01.

46 riIIAMBHRLAIN " : 141. life and career to date.— Traveller Wanted for this district ; £l5O per year and commission to *liftable applicant.—The GRESHAM PUB- LISHING COMP•NY, 19. Islington, Liverpool.

AGRNTS WANTIIO. London and provinces, to represent leading West-end credit firm, supplying ladies', gentle- men's. clothing, bootS, &c., on ere* terms.—Address MANAGER, 541 134tterafm. Park road. London, B,W,

&Ig ITARY INSPROTO RS .—LADY HBALTH VISITORS! £lOO to £350 ; several hundred vacancies; 300 successes. postal courie commencing for Liverpool and Manchester Rxmns. Fee 258.—MusHENs, Science Teacner, Sunderland.

CHAMBBRI.AIN.—An influential man with a knowledge of Fiscal matters wanted at once to represent an important uno.ertaking supporting Mr. Chamberlain.— Apply in the flrgt inettnee by b-tter with full ovticulars to " PRO- TECTIVE " C,IO F. A. ROBERTS, Ogden Chambers, 97, Bridge- street, Manchester.

REQUINBD AT ONOR, SMART MAN of gentlemanly appearance. to solicit orders In this district ; no experi- ence required. but a tactful, persevering and energetic m n, di.engaged prefe,red. Permanency to the right applicant. Remuneration by arrangement.—Apply in first instance, g•ving full particulars of past and present employment to TIEN GRE9HA M PUBLISH MO. COMPANY, 34, Southampton street Strand, London, W.C.

FURNITURE. PIANOS. STOCKS, &c.. BOUGHT FuR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT, OR ADVAN‘AIS MADE. HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN. NO CHARGYJ FOR INSPECTION. HAETLEY AND CO.. 12, MOSS-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
AllatigHern, etc.

ATIDRN ROLLBR about 21- cwt.; state price.—S T BEFALEY Mill lane, Bold. Widnes.

A 19n. HORIZONTAL lINGINF.2ft, stroke, rope-driven „ft 3m. Cameron Pump; Stone Saw Frame, 9ft. Sin, by 41t. complete; Thirty Lancashire and Cornish Boilers,— H. Birkdale.

MMEDIATIC—For Sale, Patent FIREWOOD CHOPPING, MACHINE; exceptional price to an immediate pur- chaser ; eapacilv h,OOO bundles per hour.—Full particulars from BAR/ONS' Engineers, Leicester.

F" SALE.—Most economical Engine on market ; avail- able expansion."ompound surface condemise... Indicator, 37 horse power ; good reason for selling; price EIOO,—MABY, 5 Anerley Street. Battersea Park Road.

CLARDNBR GAS AND /IL RINIGINHS show highest kJi economy and rive no trouble, From to 50 Horse Power ; Lathes and Machine Tools of all kinds. Works fitted complete.—GAßDNEß DEPoT, Cleveland Square, Liverpool

( I WM/MULISH BOILRR (new), 2ft. 21n. high x 141 n. k 3 diameter and 18ft. of 41n. piping. expansion jnints. cistern and amok. pipe, 70s. ; also Garlen Lights 61t. x 4ft. glazed 21oz. glass at 9d each ; Greenhouse 1 ?ft. x Bfr. Including 21oz. glass and sta2ing complete, £5 151, all carriage pai6.—D. HORRoCKS, Tyldesley.

MIOUR HOUSB VICRTICAL BNc4INN on Sale. cylinder .I.' 6in diarneter.length of stroke 10 in.,governor and pump attached ; Vertical Boiler, 8 ft. 6 in. Mel, 3 ft. sin diam eter two cross tuhes, insured with Vulcan 00, for 65 lbs. work- ing pressure ; both engine and boiler are in first-llass condi- tion. —Apply to JorVel BATTERsBY, teamowner, 183, Derby cond, Bootle.

pATENT OFF lOW. fIANORIISTBEI Exrlntisqzn IN 1836. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha-4 more than 45 years' personal exprlrienceit, connection with this Establish.- mentandposiesspractli?al knowledge of the aotton,wooller and iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 61. "Colonial and Foreign Pateat LaWs,' price is. fIEORGE D4VIEIS, 014, Y SON. P-I-P-k-, M-S-A 4. ST. ANN'S SCPIATIR.MATICH'FISTBII.

QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS. LI VIITi4D (late Ormerod. 0 Grierson and Co.), Hu!me. Manchester, have the Largest Issortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchased all Wheel, Poley and Tooth Block Patterns Lic., Lelonging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London' road Iron Works, Maneheiter, an, are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,anti. :a!! kir is of Engineering Work promptly.—Cataingues of Wheels and Pulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address " Ormerod Grierson. Manchester."

===== 0002601_19040130_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
IPtorks, Zotntogeo. tit.

lu °TIM or BOARDING HOUSli,good investment required ILL —WALLACE, 68, Ctuirlwood street, London.

F"'. OHIP. and PRAS Bnsiness. with Gas Engine.- 12, CROOK sTREcr, Radcliffe, near Manchester.

RONMONGBRY BUSINIII93 to be Disposed of, at valua tion.—Apply P,P6RRY, Mouton Green, Manchester. NT, &MON. —Fish and Chip Potato BUSINRSS ; good posi-, tion ; low rent ; easy ingoing ; failing health.-44, BRACEWELL STREET.

IDABY LINBN and FANCY DRAPBEY BUSINESS for Disposal. Illness cause of leaving.—Apply R.BREARLY. 70 Katherine street. Ashton-under-Lyne

iIIiALTI4Y SCUT/LOG, - For dale, dtdam Circular daw ?dill combined with Coal. Coke, Wood business,favour- dble lease. —Particulars G., c/o Quick, Newsagent, Russell street, Po mouth.

ON SA L 4, Good HAY AND !STRAW BUdINNSO, Wood Building, two storey ahed.two stalled stable. let 31. per week; gas engine. fitted up for chopping, good connection, no opposition, 50 yards front goods station, 2k miles from Rochdale, £l2o.—Thomas CLEGG, Newhey. near Rochdale.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
TO PARTINS WANTING A SOUND BUSINBSEI IN - LIVIIRPOOL.

11 Ro wrr -- -I -1- D C 0 . , -..P AOCOUNTANTS. TRANSFER BUSINESS AGENTS.

AND VALUERS. HISTABLIBEED 1875. WILL BUY, SELL, OR VALUE ANT CLASS OP BUSINESS, STOCKS. OR MACHIREINT, WILL PIED lOU A PARTNER WITH

kt TO £5OOO, NO S&LS, NO CHARGE. 34, SOUTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSB TO LBT-17 Bridge street, Barlestown, contain- ing 6 bedrooms, sitting-room, Parlour, kitchen and scullery, 3 large cellars. and two large rooms suitable for clubs committee rooms &.—Apply to OR CLARKE, 146, Haydock street, Barlestown.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19040130_art0059.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'afar; •

===== 0002601_19040130_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
aEo be Xtt.

FIIO LBT. BUTCHER'S and GROCER'S SHOPS. with good loountry housee.—SCHOFIELD. Z4,Tyldesley road,Blackpool.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
liiisrelfanous, en oaks', at

l'ilisreilattous, en tates, rte.

The Examiner, Saturday, January 30, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
MD ILES. Sp'endld receipt, Post Free, one Shilling, Ayres, firtslingfield, Cambs.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

'O4„ANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers well. "After one dressing I found 138 dead next morn- ing."—J. BMA. Helstborpe. Leighton. "I killed 200 rats witb Sanford's Poison."—O. Coox. Farther. Ellesmere. .. destroyed 145 rats With it."—O. Mums, Offord.—Send 1s 24 to SANFORD & SONS. Sandy 5t.8.0.. old by Chemist.,

===== 0002601_19040130_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Votary, eggs, Ulf. stork dr.

F t,iALB. small Terrier Bitch, suitable for lady's pet.— if GoODF, Ditton Priors, near Bridgnorth.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
-IDOWL CORN. 73 6d. lOs 63, 12 63, 2401bs ; Pig Food, is 6d I per 200153.—RocuE 2,.5n Co., 15, Gores piazzas Liver- pool. Mention paper.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
enturation.

ifiatrtmottp.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
PARTMIt NTS To B I,IIT, two rooms (Acing the Park 4-1.. bath, &e.-133 SANKEY tiTRKET, Warringtoll.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

JA.NUARY ZOth 1904.

THE tragic end of THE MORA.L .OF Mr. WHITAKER WHITAKER WRIGHT. WRIGHT has excited sympathy, but it has not olosctired the moral of his career. He was a speculator on the largest scale, who resorted to fraud when threatened by disaster. He hood- winked honourable men like Lord DUFFERIN and Lord Lace, and he persuaded himself, apparently, that false balance-sheets are wcll within the code of commercial morality. It is not at all difficult to believe that the man was sincere when he said in court that he had done only what ninety-nine out of a hundred directors of companies would have done in his place. It is incredible that they would have done any- thing of the kind; but a financier of the WHITAKER WRIGHT stamp would naturally argue quite gravely that he was employing a temporary deception for the good of his shareholders, and all would have been well if the luck had not gone against him. He looked upon the fraudulent balance-sheet as a piece of strategy, justified by the rules of the game. To find himself arraigned as a criminal filled WHITAKER WRIGHT with a genuine I surprise. In 'his own eyes he was simply unfortun- ate, like NAPOLEON after Moscow. Moreover, it was plain that the confidence of his attitude was largely inspired by the stranle procedure of the Law Officers of the Crown. The Attorney-General ,

had declined to institute a public prosecution. The Solicitor-General had scoffed at the idea that a man could be successfully prosecuted for issuing a false balance-sheet. It was left to unofficia people like Mr. ARNOLD WHITE, who has suffered for his zeal, to bring the culprit to justice. There was a long struggle over the extradition question in America. Unremitting effort and great ex- pense were needed before this man could be put upon his trial, and before it could be shewn that Sir ROBERT FINLAY and Sir EDWARD CARSON were entirely mistaken in their construction of the law. This is a matter which demands the serious attention of Parliament. If the judgment of the Law Officers had been acquiesced in there would have been no prosecution, and it would have been tacitly admitted that a financier may forge a balance-sheet with impunity. Of course the Law Officers did not welcome such a conclusion. They simply held that the statute was defective, and although they talked of further legislation, there was a poor prospect of its being amended. Every- body knows that legislation which enforces the personal responsibility of company &rectors is sornehew very difficult to get. But it turns out that the statute was perfectly effective for the punishment of 'WHITAKER WRIGHT'S offence. There was never any doubt about it in the minds 'of judge and jury. Mr. Justice BIGHAM gave the I plainest direction, and he jury had no difficulty in following it. They rejected the suggestion that the fraudulent balance-sheet was no more than the tactical dressing of the shop window. They established a precedent of the greatest possible value in the regulation of company finance. But why was not this useful result brought about by the Public Prosecutor? What is the good of that official if his hands are to be tied by the extraordinary timidity of the Attorney-General and the Solicitor- General ? How was it that they knew so little about the statute they professed to in,erprat ? These are questions which call for debate in the House of Commons. There are friends of the Government in the Press who are disposed to be reticent- on this subject; but nothing could be more admirably direct than the candour of the Times : "There has been a mistake somewhere ; and it would be only seemly for the Governmea Ito recoup fully to the prosecutors all costs which they have incurred—not forgetting the public ser- vices in this matter of Mr. FLowza.—in bringing to justice a culprit of a kind that, under our laws, fortune generally favours." In future fortune, we hope, will have a different bias ;. but for that no thanks will be due to the Law Officers of the Crown.

THE meeting of MR. CHAMBERLAIN'S Parliament nex t CALCULATION, week will not find the Ministerial party in such exuberant spirits as their journals would have US believe. Many Unionists who are quite pre- pared to vote against any Amendment to the Address ate plunged in despondency. They admit that Mr. CHAMBERLAIN has captured the party organisation ; but th9.t seems to be poor comfort.s Wnat is the use of a policy which works the mica if it does not impress the country? There was a time when the average party man on the Unionist side thought that everything was going hopefully for the new tactics. They seemed to have done pretty well at Lewisham and Dulwich. But Norwich and Gateshead dispelle this dream ; and now the average Unionist has a gloomy misgiving that Mr. CHAMBERLAIN is lead- ing the bulk of his party into the wilderness, where their sojourn will be indefinitely prolonged. The attitude of the Unionist Free Traders is pro- voking some of Mr.CHAmBERLAIN's friends to such threats as Mr. WALTER LONG has employed against Sir JOHN DICKSON-PoYNDEn.At Liverpool, on the other hand, there is a desperate effort to make a compromise between the two sections of the party, the CHAMBERLAIN stalwarts under- taking not to oppose candidates who will pledge themselves to Mr. BALFOUR'S Fiscal policy. A compromise, however, to be effe2tive should be equilateral ; but the Unionist Free Traders who observe what Lord HUGH CECIL calls a benevolent neutrality towards Mr. BALFOUR'S policy will not extend that benevolence to Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. The Prime Minister seems to be calculating that the generalities of his " Economic Notes " will serve to stave off curiosity snout the working of Retaliation. Mr. WINaTON CHURCHILL already wants to know on what occasions Mr. BALFOUR proposes to retaliate, against what country, and by what procedure. Will Parliament be consulted in ev3ry case, or will the Government act by Order in Council ? To such questions it is highly im- probable that Mr. CHURCHILL will get any answer next week. Mr. BALFOUR will say that his policy is before the country id principle, and that he is not obliged to dismiss the details in the presen Parliament, which will not be asked to deal with the question of Fiscal reform.

On the surface this is plausible; but it is quite out of keeping with public opinion. It is very well for Mr. BALFOUR to postpone the whole subject and to invite the House of Commons to consider other things. But at every by-election the Fiscal issue predominates, and refuses to be postponed. While he electors are returning heavy majorities against Protection in any shape or form, it will be slightly absurd for Mr. BALFOUR, to pretend that nothing of the kind is going on, and that the public mind is absorbed in the Ministerial pro - gramme for the session. It :is this consideration which strengthens the doubt in Unionist circles whether the life of this rarliament can be prolonged after the Budget. Some Minis- terialists anticipate a dissolution in May. They argue that the situation is too artificial to last through the session, and that it is likely to be ended by Mr. CHAMBERLAIN himself. He must see that delay makes the Ministerial position worse, and that the longer the inevitable defeat at the polls is postponed the more crushing it will be. His calculation is that the Liberals will come in with a not too commanding majority, and tha their internal difficulties will break up the new Ministry in two years. There is no unwillingness on our side to give Mr. CHAMBEELAIN the oppor- tunity of testing his prediction. If these are hi real views, we have at least the felicity of agreein s with him that the Unionist Government has lost all moral hold upon the country, and that the sooner it takes its beating at the General Election the better.

A very heavy Council agenda has been issued for next Tuesday's meeting, and we fear both public and press are fated to endure a protracted sitting. There is a lot of very important and i interesting business,much of t concerning schemei which are already in hand or on the carpet. The latter will probably claim most attention, for it seems this month as if the Town Council was going to rectify deficiencies all round, and at the

same time increase the remuneration of its officials Tha bridge scheme—or rather a bridge scheme— oorns largely before us. Councillor Magian will propose the preparation of plans for a 6Xt. iron single span bridge across the river at Howley. With such undertaking we are in entire sympathy. A similar project has been talked about for years, but it has never taken practical shape. The need,of direct communication between the east end of the town and Cheshire has been severely felt as the town has increased, and it is getting time something was done. Apart from the convenience of a bridge here, the scheme would result in the opening out of a lot of valuable land which is at present inaccessible, and we imagine the pro- spective increase in ratable value from develop- ments hereabouts will form Councillor Maginn's main argument. We are glad to find him on surer ground than he was a month ago. A sub-committee has also been formed to consider and report upon the widening of Warrington Bridge. The Open Spaces Committee has likewise been very busy,and a report, published elsewhere, shows that the pro- vision of " lungs " for the town is occupying serious attention. Schemes for the laying out on the most approved lines, of open spaces in Orford, Howley, and Latchford Wards are given in detail with the estimated cost. A bold step l!as been taken, too, by the Town Hall Committee, which recommends that the Council Chamber be enlarged, additional committee rooms and offices be pro- vided, together with a new public entrance to the Council Chamber. There are sufficient projects here to provide a full-dress debate, but they by no means fill the 48 pages which comprise this month's : agenda. Our municipal managers are in fur a busy time.

While there is so much mono), being spent on public improvements and so much more likely to be required it is a consolation to know that the assets of the Corporation are increasing. Three perch and a blackbird have been presented to the acquarium and the aviary respectively during the present month, and a special resolution has been passed by the Parks Committee acknowledging these valuable gifts. We have something sub- stantial to set against the Borough debt after all!

The unemployed problem is causing some trouble, and various attempts are being made to solve the difficulty. As a result of 'Alderman Pierpoint's efforts, a room has been set apart at the Gymnasium as a registration office for tile new Labour Bureau, to be open two days a week. This is a step the wisdom and value of which should soon be proved by results. The General Purposes Committee has appointed a sub-committee to consider and report upon the question of the unemployed. Councillor Stott has gone further and in a special resolution he urges the Corporation to proceed with some of the contemplated street improvements or any other work, in order to provide employment for the present out-of-work Warr; ngtonians.

• An interesting statement from Mr. Cecil F, Parr can always be relied upon at the annual meet- ing of Parr's Bank Limited—one of the soundest concerns in the country. With a declared dividend of 19 per cent and a bocus of one per ceHt behind him Mr. Parr has tittle reason to be pessimistic, and he does not, in the course of his speech on Thursday, review the commerce of the country in any gloomy light. He has, however, much te say that is good and profitable reading. The condition of the money market he clearly attributes to the heavy war ex- penditure and ever-irnpendinY new Government loans, and at the same time ho prudently advises retrenchment all round. "Governments," he says " both home and abroad, must be content to pay their way without embarking on fresh issues. . . . . Municipalities, also must defer their schemes for benefiting or impoverishing their ratepayers." These are weighty words from an authoritative source, and merit the deepest con- sideration. Mr. Parr made special reference to the disabilities under which thecotton trade is labouring, and' heartily commended the home- grown cotton idea. "As long as America pro- duces 80 per cent. of the cotton supply, so long would we be at the mercy of speculators,and the only course was to make ourselves independent of the American supply." This was his comment on the question which, perhaps, more vitally con- cerns the prosperity of Lancashire than any other. We are sure Mr.Parrs' pronouncement on this and other important topics will be welcomed in the commercial world. Finally it is our pleasure to congratulate Parr's Bank, Limited, on the; exc lent report and balance sheet adopted so una mously by the shareholders of the company.

One has but to glance at the comprehensive and carefully prepared report of our Chief Constable Upon crime and police work in the Borough to be assured of the responsible and onerous duties Which are so efficiently performed by the local police force. Year by year, as the Chief Constable points out, the police responsibilities are aug- mented by the passing of new statutes or local bye-laws which open up new fields of labour for the Chief Constable and his staff. Rece-A develop- ments may be taken as cases in point. The Motor R9gistration Act and the local byelaws under the Employment of Children Act have cast additional work upon the law's executive officers whose hand- sorne:headquart.-rs in Arpley-street have been so often the subject of remark.lf the police work con- tinues to increase in the same ratio as it has done recently there will be little room for criticism on the score of excessive accommodation. At present the staff is below the average strength, and the tramways undertaking has put additional pressure upon the limited resources of the staff without any corresponding relief in the way of additional... officers. The subject is one which already de mands the attention of the Watch Committee.

It is satisfactory to learn from the statistical returns that the timber of indictable offences committed in the Borough has decreased from 131 in 1902 to 123 in 1903, and that the apprehen— sions for non-indictable offences show an even more marked decline. Whereas there were 547 appre- hensions in 1902, last year there were only 463. The number of summonses issued also point in the same direction. There may be many contributory causes to this satisfactory decline in crin‘e. The South African war and the home- coming of soldiers and militiamen to Orford Barracks may have helped to swell the figures of 1902, but an even more potent factor seems to be the state of trade. The fact that a decline in trade synchronises with less crime in the Borough seems to point to the conclusion that a reduced wages list has the saving grace of keeping some people out of trouble. At, any rate this is the opinion of our energetic Chief Constable who makes the following observation :—" Variations in the state of trade would seem to influence the rise and fall of these statistics, at least as power- fully any other factor.". We should be glad to think that the fall in this year's statistics is a permanent improvement.

" Now what about glass ?" asked Mr. Chamber- lain at Liverpool. The glass bottle industry is one of the worst organised in the country, and itimay be admitted at once that foreign competition has severely affected it. Still the trade is far horn be- ing extinguished, and there are many indications that despite the ample supplies of cheap raw material enjoyed by the German and Belgian bottlemakers the British manufacturers could hold their own were the industry placed on a sound basis. A paragraph in the Times with reference to the St. Helens bottle industry indicates that the trade is on the eve of an improvement. Works which have not been employed since October are being started on full time, and within the next few days "all the workmen will be given full em- ployment."

Ebenezer Church Band of Hope. On Monday evening, the above Band of Hope was visited by the Ellesmetre-street Mission Choir who gave a capital rendering of "Dick's Fairy." Mr_ Barlow gave the connective readings. A vote of thanks proposed by Councillor Thornton, seconded. by Mr. J. W. Roberts was unanimously carried.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
llorsse. arriagrfse Scr

I

===== 0002601_19040130_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
Coming Events. The Rev. Principal Bowser, :NI A. will preach at Golborne street Baptist church to-morrow (Sunday) " Whitaker Wright :A lesson and a warning" will be the subject of the Rev. John Yonge's sermon at Wycliffe church to-morrow (Sunday) evening. 'Under the auspices of the Liberal Association. public meetings to discuss the fiscal question will be held at Brick-street school on Monday evening and at the Workingmen's Mission school, Thewlis-street on Tuesday evening. Mr. W. A. Wilson will be the speaker. The annual tea party and entertainment in con- nection with St. Paul's Church will be held in the Parr Hall, on Monday, February Bth. Mr. Tom Boothroyd's orchestra and other artistes will give a concert in aid of the District Nursing Association at the Parr Hall next Saturday evening, (February 6th). Under the auspices of the Literary and Philoso- phical Society. Professor M. E, Sadler, M.A.,L.L.D., of the Manchester Victoria University will deliver a lecture on" Secondary Education "in the Qo-opera- tive Hall, Cairo-street, on Tuesday, the 9th inst. The seventh annual ball in connection with the Warrington Market Tenants' Association will be held in the Parr Hall next Thursday evening. The second subscription concert of the season in connection with the Musical Society will be held at the Parr Hall on Wednesday, February 10th Dr. Elgar's "King Olaf" will be preented. The annual ball in aid of the Infirmary and Dis- pensary will be held at the Lion Hotel on Thursday, February 11th. The revival of " Grimaldi " on Monday, Tuesday, and Wediesday next, by the St. Mary's Dramatic Society promises to be a grand success. The tickets seem to be in the bands of willing workers in the -cause of charity, and we trust that the Infirmary funds may receive material benefit.

Personal. Mr. W. B. Forshaw, son of Councillor W. J. For- shaw, solicitor, Warrington, has .passed the inter- mediate law examination in the first class. Local Failure. A receiving order has been made in the Warrington County Court on the debtor's own petition against George Henry Hoult, trading as George Hoult, of 7, King-street Warrington, painter and plumber. He has been adjudicated bankrupt.

I .O.G.T. Temperance Mission Lodge. The weekly session of the above lodge was held on Wednesday in Ebenezer Church, Buttermarket-street. Bro. F. Merlin, C.T., presided. Sister A. LittlewOod was recommended'as S.J.T., and Sister G-. Hughes 'as A.S.J.T. The election of District Lodge representa- tives resulted in Bros. Bate and Walmesley being appointed. The programme for the evening was 'Ritual and Constitution instruction," and Bros. J. Sheath and Merlin providel an instructive and interesting evening.

Sir John Brunner and the Miners' Eight Hours Bill. Speaking on Monday night at Winnington, North- 'inch, Sir John Brunner, :11.P.. said he had been asked to ballot for the Miners' Eight Hours' Bill on the .opening of Parliament. He was doubtful whether Parliament was morally justified in interfering with the labour of grown men, and he certainly objected to begin with colliers, who only worked about 'five days weekly. There were thousands of people -working seven days weekly and twelve hours daily, and, if a bill was brought in to make that illegal he would agitate for it with all his power. The Miners'Bill was too inelastic and too arbitary for his support.

The Influence of Journalism. The Fairfield Literary and Debating Society held their usual fortnightly meeting on Monday evening at the Fairfield schools. In the absence of the Presi- dent (the Rev. A. S. Cameron) Mr. R. G. Brandreth was unanimously voted to the chair. The subject for discussion was" Journalism." In a very able speech Mr. F. Webster cited various reasons and arguments to show that journalism influenced the government of a country. The opposition was taken by Mr. L. Wood, who was of the opinion that though journalism might influence certain individuals, the , influence was not sufficient to affect the government of our country. An interesting discussion brought a pleasant meeting to a close.

Looking after Deserters. Before the • stipendiary, Mr. W. J. Stewart, at the Liverpool Police Court, .on Thursday Arthur Caines, twenty-one years of age, was charged with being an absentee from the 4th King's (Liver- pool Regiment), at Warrington, and also with obtain- ing food and lodgings by false pretences from Ann Jeffries, 40, Aubrey-street. It was stated that prisoner went to the address named and asked for lodgings. She gave him a room, and he stated that the military authorities in Warrington would pay her, he having been sent to look after deserter's. Becoming suspicious, she gave information at Rupert-lane, and prisoner was arrested.ln reply to the charges,he said, "I am an absentee, and I intended to pay.' He was remanded on the first charge, and bound over on the second.

Persistence and originality. Originality is not generally a marked feature of letters addressed to public bodies and the worthy district Coun.cillors of Runcorn could not forbear a smile on Tuesday when the clerk submitted the fol- lowing epistle from Mr. E. Gleave, estate agent &c, of Northwich, with respect to the sewage at Moore : ." Have you ever read in the gospel of a woman, who by her continual coming; so wearied the judge that .she got her request? Ihave been writing to you and your predecessor as to this matter for six years, and 'unless you want a further instalment of letters pray let the matter have attention. It really is a disgrace that sewage should be allowed to be such a nuisance in a civilized country in the twentieth century. I think I certainly can claim that lam a successor of Job for patience, but please do not provoke me to rebellion.—The Clerk .said a com- mittee bad held a number of meetings to discuss the matter, but they had generally ended by passing a resolution to let the matter rest for the present.—lt was decided to elect Mr. J. L. Jones a member of the Moore Sewage Committee in place of the late Mr. Peter Gleave and that a further meeting be held to discuss the subject, in order that " we.tax not the patience of Job the second"--as the chairman (Mr. S. Woodward) put it.

Wycliffe Sunday School. • The annual tea-meeting in connection with the above-named Sunday school, took place on Monday (evening. Tea was provided at six o'clock at which a large number of scholars sat down, the tables being presided over by the teachers of the respective classes. An entertainment 'was afterwards provided by the ,scholars, the proceedings being presided over by the pastor, (Rev. John longe). He was accompanied on the platform by the Rev. Harry Wall, Mr. G-. Wallington, Mr. W. Brown, Mr. W. Beswick 'and Mr. E. Pickavance jun. Solos were successfully sung by Misses Dora Payton, Dora Wallington, A.vice Beswick and Alice Griffiths. The last named artiste, in response to an encore, sang ' Queen of the Earth." Mr. T. F. Wallington dis- .charged the duties of accompanist. Recitations were .given by several of the scholars. A pianoforte solo ,was contributed by Ruby Witts. The Wycliffe Juvenile choir, under the leadership of Mr. W. Brown, sang two part songs in a creditable manner. A flute and clarionette duet by Messrs. W. Ford and Mr. Cooke, was well received. Mr. Harry Hill greatly -amused the audience,by one of his humorous sketches. Fifty-eight prizes were distributed by the pastor to the. -scholars who had been regular attenders during the past year. An interesting feature of the proceedings was thel presentation of a handsome marble timepiece to Mr. G. Wallington who has recently vacated the position of superintendent, and also a silvet case to '‘fr. W. Brown, his successor in that position, in recognition of his services as secretary of the Sunday *school. In making the presentation Mr. IV. Beswick alluded to the long and devoted services of the recipi- ents of the gifts to the school. The gifts were acknow- ledged in a suitable manner by Mr. Wallington and Mr. Brown. The proceedings were brought to a close by a dialogue by members of the upper classes.—On Tuesday evening the infants held their annual tea which passed off successfully.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

DARING ROBBERY AT WIDNES. A daring robbery took place at the Hammer Nvd Pin- cers public house, Hough Green' Widnes. The robbers were successful in decamping with about £5O in money and notes, a gold repeater watch, and other jewellery, worth in all about £lOO. It is possible the thieves walked upstairs from the bar or effected an entry through a bedroom window. RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The Runcorn Guardians at their interim meeting on Tuesday discussed a resolution moved by Mr. A. R. Norman that in future meetings of the Board should be held at 1.30 instead of at 2 o'clock. It was decided to adhere to the present arrangement in regard to the Board meeting, but to hold the committee meetings later. _

THE ALLEGED STABBING AT RUNCORN. At Runcorn, on Monday, Thomas M`Donald, aged fifteen, of Mill-street, was brought up on remand charged with having inflicted grievous bodily harm upon his sister, Ilion, by stabbing her in the eye with a knife. SuintendentEnnion said the girl was in the hospital, and unfit to appear. The prisoner was remanded for a week.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSAULT BY A POLE.

At Widnes, on Thursday, Vincent Ajuckes, Well ing ton- street. was charged with assaulting Joe Alishowski by throwing a piece of slag at his face, severely cutting his lip. Alishowski stated that he went to see his friends and upon going home he saw Ajuckes on the other side of the road. He did not speak to him. Defendant, hurried on after him, and when close to him threw the stone which caused the wound. A fine of 205., 3s. doctor's fee, and 2s. 6d. for the interpreter was imposed or one month in default.

SAD DROWNING CASE AT WIDNES.-A GALLANT RESCUE. _ _

Mr. -Coroner Brighouse held an inquest on Monday at the Widnes Accident Hospital on the body of a boy named Frederick John Pervin' aged six years, who was drowned in the Mersey on Saturday afternoon. The facts as reported to the police were that several boys were playing football on the higher terrace of the Promenade, when the ball was kicked .over the fence into the river. Deceased and another boy, named Baker, were with clasped hands, stretching out to .reach it, when they fell in.— William Wright, 59, James-street, stated that he was working on the new transporter bridge on Saturday afternoon, when, at about half-past three, he heard screams. He saw Baker in the water, and, diving in, brought him to the side. He then tried to find Pervin, who had drifted away with the strong tide, but failed. His body was recovered an hour afterwards on a sand- bank by James Wilkinson.—The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death."—The Coroner stated to Wright that Baker would have lost his life but for his , courageous conduct, and he would bring it under I the notice of the Royal Humane Society.— The Coroner : How many lives have you saved before— Wright : About three.—Have you ever been rewarded before ?—No.—Not even a" Thank you "?—No.—The Coroner: When you have lived as long as I have you j will find this world full of base ingulitude.—The jury also added a rider sympathising withlWe parents of de- ceased, and also endorsing the coroner's expression respecting Wright.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

S'AiALLPDX VICTIMS. Another of the patients in the St. Helens Smallpox Hospital, a man named Newcomb, died on Thursday. Deceased was a single man, and was formerly employed at the lead works. Later in the day a fresh case was discovered, a woman being removed to hospital. LABOUR MEETING AT ST. HELENS. A meeting was held at Thatto Heath, St. Helens, On Wednesday night, to support Mr. T. Glover,the adopted Labour candidate for St. Helens. Mr. George Houghton presided.—Mr, Glover, after dealing with the Work- men's Compensation Act, referred to Mr. Chamberlain's scheme. He said that if tariffs were imposed prices would be increased all round, wages would be brought aow., and rain would follow for the workers of this country.—A resolution pledging the meeting's support to the candidate was passed. MURDEROUS ATTACK ON A WIFE.—ST. HELENS MAN

===== 0002601_19040130_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
AND HIS RAZORS.

The St. Helens magistrates on Wednesday, after hearing the evidence in a charge of threatening his wife brought against Josiah Isherwood, a middle-aged man, decided that a new summons for aggravated assault should he laid.—Mrs. Isherwood said they had been married about twenty-nine years, and her husband had broken the home up eight times. Five months ago she got a separation order, and on Saturday night her hus- band came to 100, Junction-lane, where she was lodging, and tried by threats to induce her to promise to live with him. A constable was sent for, and he went away. An hour later she went into the back yard, and her husband was there in the dark. He asked her if she was determined not to live with him, and she said she was. He then slid, "Tha has not to live long on this earth, then." He rushed at her, and took her by the hair of the head. She saw the blade of a knife in his hand, and after a struggle she fainted.—Mrs. Guest, next-door neighbour, said that when complainant screamed "Murder!" prisoner said, "11l make you scream,l will finish you and then myself, and we will travel our journey together."—Police- constable Littler said he arrested the man later. Ahen he was kicking at a door in Hunter-street. He had two razors in his possession. Prisoner said he was changing his lodgings, and that was the reason he had the razors in his pocket.—He pleaded in a whining tone that he was too drunk to know what he was doing.— The magistrates said the prisoner had no excuse. The police-books sh4wed a record of violence, and Isher- wood was sent to gaol for six month, the chairman re- marking that it was a mercy that he was not being charged with wilful murder.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

EXIMESTOWN HOTELS BROKEN INTO. Two hotels at Earlestown were broken into early on Sunday morning. From the Ship Hotel 15s in copper was taken. Several bottles of whisky were carried away from the Swan Hotel. CHILD BURNT TO DEATH. James Fairclough, aged ewo years, of Ebenezer-street Haydock, died on Wednesday in the local accident hospital from burns received on Saturday afternoon' while playing at home near a lire.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TARIFF LEAGUE GOMMISSION.I

Sir Jo'n Branner's Criticism.

A communication issued by the Tariff League Com.: mission states that much progress has been made with the preliminary work. Meetings have been held of the special committees formed to consider the manner in which the steel and iron trades, the engineering and machinery trades, and the textile trades could be best dealt with. The general form of inquiry for manufac- turers is being sent out this week. It is expected that the examination of witnesses will begin on February 10, the iron and steel trade being taken first. Speaking on Thursday 'night at Weaverham, North- wich, Sir John Brunner,M.P., said that not one of Mr. Chamberlain's hundred Commissioners represented the consumer. All were manufacturers. He knew many of them, and, without being disrespectful, he might say that they were all on the make. They never wasted their time. (Laughter.) As a child he remembered the Bread riots, and he prayed God the English people would never again submit to such a system as then existed. German workers were fed on food which greatly reduced their efficiency—he had seen the ghastly procession of wprn-out horses enter that country for human consumption. None save manufacturers bene- fited by the legalised pocket-picking called Protection.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CRICKET CLUB. Fixtures for Next Season.

It may seem a far cry to the cricket season but al- ready Mr. W. H. Podmore, the match secretary of the Warrington Cricket club, has drawn up a list of fixtures Matches have been arranged with several new organiza- tions, Levenshulme, Sale, Preston, and Wigan taking the place of Newton, Heaton Mersey,Northern, and Cheadle Hulme. It is also proposed to play a match with local clubs so that the organization may get into touch with promising players. The following is a com- plete list of the fixtures : FIRST TEAM. SECOND TEAM. April 9 Opening day April 16 Sefton H 16 Sefton' A 23 S. Manchester...H 23 S. Manchester ...A 30 Bolton H 30 Bolton A. May May 7 Bootle A 7 Bootle H 14 Wi.an A 14 Wigan H 21 St, Helens H 21 ' St. Helens A 26 Preston A 28 Ashton-u.-Lyne A 28 Ashton-n-Lyne ...H June ' June 4 St. Helens A 4 St. Helens H 11 Sale H 11 Sale k. 13 Manchester A 18 Earlestown 11 18 Earlestown A 25 Bolton A 25 Bolton H July July 2 Levenshulme ...H 2 Levenshulme A 9 S. Manchester. A 9 S. Manchester H 14 Wigan H 16 Sefton A 16 Sefton H 23 Earlestown As 23 Earlestown H 30 Manchester H August August 6 Bootle H 6 Bootle A 13 Ashton-u.-Lyne H 13 Ashton-u-Lyn e A 20 27 Sale A. 27 Sale H September September 3 Preston H 3 Preston A

===== 0002601_19040130_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 30, 1904

The Tramways Managership. It having been decided on the termination of Mr. Grimsdale's appointment as electrical engineer, and tramways manager, to separate the two offices, Mr. F. V. L. Mathias has been appointed electrical engineer, and Mr. J. Worrell, of New Brighton, tram- ways manager. Mr. Mathias was formerly chief assistant to Mr. Grimsdale, and Mr: Worrell was, for some years, manager of the Warrington Carriage Company. • . Death of a Publican. Mr. James Barlow, the licensee of the Coach and Horses Hotel, Market-square, Chester, died suddenly on Saturday morning. Deceased had been in indiffer- ent health for some months, but as late as Friday he was able to undertake a walk of four miles, and went to bed in good spirits. On Saturday morning he was taken ill and passed away rather unexpectedly about 9.30. The immediate cause of death was hemorrhage of the brain. Deceased was a native of Walton, near Warrington, and came to Chester some 26 years ago to take over the Coach and Horses Hotel. He was well known in the City, although never prominently identified with public affairs. He was a member of the local Licensed Victuallers' Association, and was 62 years of age. St. James' Annual- Tea Party. Success attended the annual congregational tea party in connection with St. James' Church which was held in the schoolroom on Tuesday evening. About 350 sat down to a capital tea, ladies of the congreuation presiding at the tables. A concert arranged by Mr. Davies, the church organist followed. A vote of thanks was heartily accorded to the numerous helpers who had made the tea party so successful. The rest of the evening was passed in a pleasant manner: The infants' room formed a con- venient place for the display of admirable lantern slides, illustrative of life in Japan, manipulated by Mr. Houghton, whilst the large, schoolroom was well- filled with a number of young people who indulged in dancing with zest. Emmanuel Church Tea •Party. The annual congregational tea party in connection with Emmanuel (Reformed) Church, 80ld-street, was held in the schoolroom over Arpley Station on Thurs- day evening. About 150 sat down to tea, the follow- ing ladies assisting at the tables: Mesdames Norman, Matthews H. Gandy, E. Allen, Armstrong, F. Lloyd and Ditclikeld, Misses Allen and Lees. An enjoyable entertainment was afterwards held. The Rev. W. H. Taylor, of Eccles, presided and said the large attend- ance was very encouraging to the church officers. He spoke of the necessity forthe Reformed Church in Warrington and :extended a hearty invitation to anyone who did not attend a place of worship to come' to Emmanuel Church. An interesting and varied programme was submitted and all the artistes had a cordial reception. . Selections were rendered by Miss Turner's band, and the Star Quartette party (Messrs. Grounds, J. Lloyd, Unsworth, and Woollacott) acquitted themselves creditably. Songs were contri- buted by Miss Bridge, Miss Jenks, Mr. Greenough and Mr. Woollacotti and Mr. A. H. Lloyd was responsible for some capital Lancashire sketches. The part songs "Children's home." "Happy eyes," and "When twilight falls " were well interpreted by the choir. Mr. Norman of St. Helens, ably sustained the humorous part of le entertainment. A vote of thanks to the chairman, artistes, and lady helpers concluded a successful gathering. St. John's Literary and Social Society. The members of this society held their weekly , meeting in St. John's schoolroom on Monday evening last, when they had a joint debate with the Latchford Baptist Debating Society, a , strong c)ntingent of which was present, along with the president, the Rev. J. F. Matthews. The Rev. J: L. Milne, B. D., of St. John's occupied the chair and welcomed the Lateliford friends. The subject of debate was "Should this country adhere to Free Trade ?" Mr. Wilkinson of Latchford, opened for the affirmative with a highly interesting paper. He referred to the origin of Protection, and drew attention to the greatly improved position of the workers of the present -day compared with that of the period pre- vious to the adoption of Free Trade. He was seconded by Mr. D. R. Hodge, of St. John's who said the real test of a country's prosperity was the condition of its eon:mon people. In this connection he argued that in Britain the masses were much better off than was the ease in any of the great preteeted countries, and quoted interesting statistics in support of his 'con- tention. The leader' on the negative side prop3sed practically an adoption of the suggestions of Mr. Chamberlain,—Free Trade within the British Empire and protection against "dumping," and the free admission of goods which are the product of °hes, p foreign labour. There was a large attendance of the members of both societies, but littl i time remained for discussion after the leaders had explained themselves. The meeting was, however, of a strongly Free Trade tone, and on a vote being taken 31 supported the affirmative while only 3 voted for the negative. Poor Children's Treat. Though several weeks later than usual, this year's treat to the poor children of the toma is none Vas) lass acceptable. The prevalence of infections disease made it necessary to postpone the event from the usual date, and a new departure is the holding of separate entertainments for boys and girls. 'Last evening about 650 girls enjoyed themselves to their hearts' content at the Drill Hall, and to-day the boys will have their innings. The arrangements, as usual, have been in the hands of a strong committee, and special praise is due to Mr. Henry Taylor, P.C.M., and Mr. W. H. • J.. Jenkins who have discharged the duties of secretary and treasurer, res- pectively. The tickets had been distributed to the deserving children through the head teachers at the day schools. There was a happy scene at the brightly decorated Drill Hall when the girls sat down to tea. Of course, they did full justice to the abandance of meat pies, Eccles cakes, buns -and tea placed before them. Their wants. were assiduously attended to by the following ladies.: The 'Mayoress (Mrs. Bolton), Mesdames Richardson, Bracecamp, James Fairclough,Forshaw, Taylor, Monro, Ferguson,Ewart, Clegg and Parkinson, the Misses Bolton, Margaret and Bessie Pierpoint, Boweock, Amy Pierpoint, Ewart s.nd Clegg. Others who rendered assistance, besides the officials,included Inspector Hackett, of the N.S.P.C.C., and Mr. James Skelland. After tea there was an enter- tainment which delighted the youngsters. The comic lantern slides exhibited by Mr. Taylor caused great merriment, and other items which helped to pleas- antly pass the time were ventriloquial entertainments by Mr. A. Grounds, and ccnjuring by Mr. Foster, of Earlestown.' As each child left the hall she received a packet of sweets and an orange. Hearty thanks were accorded to all who had contributed to the success of the gathering. Burns' Celebration at Warrington. . Monday was the 'anniversary of the birth of Scotland's national poet, Robert Burns, and on Wednesday evening last the members of the Warrington Caledonian Association held their annual "Burns' Night" at the Lien Hotel. The function took the form of a hot-pot supper, which was purveyed by Mr. Lee in a way which left nothing to be desired. The President of 'the Association, Mr. Jamesrloaro, Latchford, occupied the chair, and their were also present : Dr. Ferguson, Vice-president; Mr. Alder- man Francomb, Messrs. J. Fulton Smith, T. Mav, J. Watson, E. Bindloss, T. S.- Steel, and others. After supper the Chairman gave the usual loyal toasts which were duly honoured. He next proposed shortly "The imniortal memory of Robert Burns." He (the chairman) said, they grieved for Burns' shortcomings —that he had them they all knew— they sympathised with his' misfortunes, but they were thankful for his wonderful talents and superlative poetic genius. His fame had travelled to the ends of the earth. Let them that night feel proud of their great countryman; whose name during the week was being honoured in every country under the sun where civilization, patriotic sentiment, admiration of talent, or loyalty was obe found. The toast wee drunk in solemn silence. Mr. J. Hunter opened the evening's musical programme with the song "There was a lad was born in Kyle," Mr. J. L. Davenport followed with "Jessie the Flower of Dunblane," while Mr. Fieldhouse gave "The Young Rovalist."—The Chairmaif proposed the toast of "Old friends in Scotland.—.llr. Thomas May, in an interesting speech, introduced the toast of "The land 0' cakes.' He said Burns drew his inspiration from many sources, -as did all great powers. He (Burns) made frequent and fond allusions to the homely Scottish fare, the oat cakes, barley meal, bannocks, etc. Mr. J. Fulton Smith proposed "The land we live in," which was responded to by Mr. E. Bindloss. During the evening Mr. Hallard treated the company to two highly amusing humorous items. Mr. Ireland sang " Mary" and received a well-deserved encore, Mr. J. Grounds acted as accompanist, and the pro- gramme of songs, etc., was, as usual, in the hands of Mr. J. L. Davenport, who, along with the other gentle- men named, delighted the assembled Scots and their friends with some fine old favourites during the even ing. At eleven o'clock the proceedings terminated with the singing of "Auld Lang Syne."

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

Trade policy yields the highest wages for the least work I fancy our working men will stick to it. These returns also prove that, low as wages were in France or Germany, or Belgium some years ago, they have not increased so fast as the higher wages of British work- men have risen during the same period. And they prove also that the British workman can get more for his money than his European competitors. Need I sample any more " facts " from Joseph's basket? There is small choice in rotten apples, and every one of his facts will crumble to pieces on exam- ination. But why does he keep on telling such awful crammer s day after day? And how did he acquire his marvellous talent for misrepresBnting plain and palpable facts? He reminds me of a good railway story. A couple of navvies, who had beert boozing pretty freely, got into the carriage and began to use language that was pretty strong and highly seasoned. A quiet-looking parson in the corner began to fidget and get uneasy, and the other passengers looked down their noses and blushed now and then. But these navvies took no notice of the gathering storm. They were deeply interested in their own affairs, and they used some magnificent swear words that are not to be found in any dictionary. At last one of them let fall a peculiarly sulphurous oath that moved the poor parson to say, My good man, will you kindly tell us wherever you learned such language as that ?" With a look of mingled pity and contempt the navvy said, "Lam it, mesthur? Lam it? Yo canno lam that. It's a gift." Joseph has had a wonderful gift for deceiving other people ever since he nicknamed himself a statesman. Now he is doing his level best to deceive himself. And I am inclined to think he is succeeding very well.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIAL SERMONETTES

• FOR WORKING MEN,

BY JOHN TAYLOR. Author of "Search Lights on Cant Labour, and Social Problems."

CHANI3ERLAIN'S FISCAL FACTS.

"Deceit is the false road to happiness And all the joys we travel to through vice, Like fairy banquets, vanish when we touch them."

For the past six months or more Mr. Chamberlain has been stumping the country, like a quack doctor at a fair, trying to persuade us that we have got all the ailments and diseases in the world, and we shall soon be dead and done if we do not swallow his infallible pills. Now. whenever any peripatetic quack manifests a, good deal of interest in my health, and tries to per- suade me that it is about time I ordered my coffin, and insists on dosing me with his physic, I begin to inquire about his motives. And I usually find that his chief concern is not to prolong my life, or promote my wel- fare, but to relieve me of some of my spare cash and transfer it to his own pocket. And take the trouble to examine his statements, analyse his nostrums, I am bound to admit that as a rule he is an accomplished liar and a gay deceiver. After my experience of quackery and deception, you will not expect me to buy a pig in a poke, or take any man's random statements as eternal verities, without investigating them for myself. So if you please we will dip our hands into Joseph's fiscal basket and examine his wares. He comes from Birmingham, and all is not gold that glitters there. I.—THE FIRST " FACE " I PICIC UP CONCERNS

OUR EXPORTS.

The burden of Joseph's complaint is that we are not j sending stuff enough out of the country. He does notl measure the nation's wealth by its ability to feed, and clothe, anti educate its own people, but by its power to feed, and clothe, and help the foreigner. Thig is a queer kind of patriotism any-way. I have falways been under the impression that the more a man has coming in, and the better off he is ; and that saving is better than soending. But our modern fiscal reformers tell me that I must drop these antiqua- ted and foolish notions. I must measure a man's wealth by what he spends and not by whathe earns. The more he parts with, and better off he must be. The less he has coming in, and the richer and happier will he be. Now, if you measure John Bull's prosperity by this idiotic and fallacious test, you must admit he is in a bad way, for his imports are still greater than his ex- ports, and he is growing rich, in spite of all the efforts of the Patriotic Party to impoverish him. But the modern Jeremiah asks us to believe that our trade with roreign countries is not increasing, and that other nations are not buying from us as mnch as they used to buy. He tells us that during the last twenty , or thirty years "our general. our export trade has re- mained practically stagnant." Now, this statement is ' either true or false, and there should be no difficulty in settling it. The Board of Trade returns show that in. 1870 our exports were valued at £199,587,000 and in 1900 they were £282,004,000. A very simple stun in arithinstic will show that during those thirty years our exports had increased more than £83,000,000, or more -than forty per cent. If Joseph calls this" stagnation " he has either played ducks and drakes with his arithmetic, or he does not know the meaning of the words he uses, or he is deliberately try- , ing to deceive us.

IL—THE SECOND "FACT" HAS TO DO WITH THE EXPORT OF BRITISH MANUFACTURES. Now, lam not patriotic enough to rejoice when all the best things we manufacture are shipped off to foreign lands. I would rather see them all absorbed, and used by my own country. men. If our working men would spend less money in boozing and backing horses, and more in feeding and clothing their wives and children, we should be able to use and wear,and enjoy the products of our own looms and factories, and we should have less to export to foreign countries. The weeping prophet from Birmingham believes that it is a good thing for, this country that we are weaving blankets and rugs for naked niggers in Africa,and print- ing calico for John Chinaman, and he tells us that we are doing less foreign trade now than we were doing a few years ago. He says that "during the last thirty years our exports of British manufactured goods have actually declined." Now, let me pin hint down to this plain and definite statement, and then you can judge the value of his "facts." Theißoard of Trade returns prove that in 1870 we exported manufactured goods from this country valued at £182,400.000, and in 1900 these exports had risen to £225,200,00). A simple sum insubtracbion will prove that during these thirty 'years our exports had enormously increased, and in 1900 we sold goods to for- eign nations worth £42,800,000 more than we sold them thirty years before. But Joseph asks us to believe that this is not a rise at all, and you can prove anything with figures. If we would save ourselves from committing rank blasphemy, we are to believe that" our exports of manufactures have actually declined" because he says so. I wish somebody would make him a present of a diationary that Ire may get to know what such words as " stagnant " and " declined " really mean. And while they are about it they might send him to some elementary school, where he could be taught the difference between simple addition and simple subtrac- tion. He has been getting nearly one hundred pounds a week out of a grateful country for the last seven or eight years, and after all these advantages he should not air his ignorance after this fashion.

lII.—THE THIRD " FACT " DELLS wura oua EXPORTS TO PROTECTED COUNTRIES.

Joseph has got the silly notion into his head that you can do any mortal thing with money and tariffs ; and that is just where he makes his mistake. He says that other nations can build tariffs all round you, till you can do no trade with them at all. But it is not true. Tariffs are not bludgeons to kno3k your enemies down. They are boomerangs that recoil on the fool that uses them, and they do more harm to him than to anybody else.

Now let me ask you to examine the following state- ment very carefully, because it is a good example of the methods that are being employed to swindle and dupe the men who never think for themselves. Mr. Chamberlain says that "countries which have Protection have taken from us very much less during the last thirty years than they took before," and he asks us to believe that they will continue to increase their Pro- tective tariffs till they have destroyed our trade with them altogether. He Says that "Russia, Germany, France, the United States, and other protected coun- tries have their own markets plus ours, and we cannot , touch any one of their markets."

Now, Ihis is a very artful statement to make, and it is a very awkward argument to handle, because it is founded on a double-barrelled falsehood, and then a false argum9nt is built on this rotten foundation. It is not true that or exports to protected countries are less now than they were thirty years ago. The very opposite of this is true, for other couptries have taken from us more thau they used to take. The lbard of Trade returns prove that Protectionist countries bought .C 94,521,000 worth of our goods in the year 1870. In 1900, which is thirty years later, they bought £115,147,000 worth of our wares. How could they "have taken from us very much less than they took before," when they paid us £20,616,000 more for the goods? And it is not true that "we cannot touch any one of . .

their markets" in protected countries. We 'do touch them, and we sell many million pounds worth of our goods to them in spite of their tariffs. In the year 1902 I we exported manufactured goods to the United States worth £20,800,009. In the same year we sold to Germany manufactured articles worth £17,000,000. France bought £10,500,000 worth, Russia bought £6,500,000 worth, and Belgium bought £4,700,000 worth. If you add these figures together you will find that five Protectionist countries. in spite of their high tariffs, bought £62,200,000 worth of our manufactures. And yet Joseph has the "cheek" to say that "we cannot touch any one of their markets." Now let us for a mament suppose that both these lies had been truths. Suppose the foreigner had bought less of us than he used to do. That would only have proved that he had less to sell to us, for the unlucky fore igner can take no more from us than he has to offer us in exchange. If John Chinaman's tea, and silk, and rice crops were seriously reduced, he would have to take so much less of our calico, and hardware, and cutlery. When a nation becomes so poor that it has nothing to export, it will very soon have nothing. to import, because nobody will give something far nothing. No tariff wall will ever prevent one nation from taking imports in exchange for its own exports, until the tariff has so impoverished the pe•ple that they are too pool to export anythinc at all. As long as human nature is what it is, men will willingly part with what they do not need, in exchange for something that they do need. If every nation in the world, except England, had a high tariff to exclude her goods, England,as a Free Trader, would go on selling to them, so long as they remained rich enough to have anything ta sell to her, IV.—"THE FOURTH FACT" HAS 10 DO WITH THE CONDITION OF THE WORKING MAN IN PROTECTIONIST COUNTRIES.

Joseph says that " workmen in Protectionist countries Are improving their circumstances faster than workmen in England." Now, in order to answer this very cir- cumstantial lie I should have to quote a mass of interesting figures from the blue books and the Board of Trade returns. I have neither time nor space to quote them in Viis article, butt may perhaps deal with them another day.

These returns clearly prove that wages in Great Britain are the highest in Europe, and that the hours of labour are the shortest, and so long as our Free

===== 0002601_19040130_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL

The Warburton Bridge Tolls.

The monthly meeting of this Council was held at Bewsey Cha,mbers on Wednesday afternoon, Mr. T. Halton presiding. There were also present :—Messrs. Brooks, Ball, Mather, Knowles, Forehaw, Houghton, Longton,lwith Dr. Sephton (medicalofficer of health) Messrs.J. C. Sutton (clerk),S. Sutton (deputy clerk), F. Kerfoot (inspector of nuisances), B. S. Newcombe (sur- veyor), and H. H. Burnage (assistant surveyor).

TIIE WATER SUPPLY. The Council ordered its seal to be affixed to an agree- ment with the Corporation for the supply of water, and use of hydrants in the townships of Burtonwood, Sankey, Penketh, Houghton, Poulton-with-Pearnhead. Southworth and Winvrick, at a cost of £4O per annum

THE REMOVAL OF SMALL-PDX PATIENTS. The CLERK reported that as instructed by the Council he wrote to the Town Clerk complaining that small-pox patients were conveyed along Back Lane, Sankey, to the Sanatorium instead of along the main road. He had received a reply stating that the Heald} Committee lad given instructions for the patients to be conveyed along Liverpool-road.

RECOMMENDATIONS FROM PADGATE. The CLERK to the Poulton Parish Council wrote re- questing the Council to erect a gas lamp at the Ches- hire Lines:Committee's goods entrqnce in Green-lane.At present the road was so badly righted that there had been narrow escapes of accidents. The Council was also asked if it could see its way to dispense with the placing of large stones on the main roads as the Parish Council considered them dangerous7and a serious im- pediment to traffic. The use of a steam roller in form- ing the roads had obviated the _necessity for the large stones.

The Council considered the large stones were indis- pensable and declined to interfere with the present system. The Roads Committee was requested to con- sider the advisability of providing a new lamp.

PENKETH -L AM PLIGHTEit'S WAGES:

On the recommendation Of the Penketh Parish Council Lt was decided to advance the wages of• the village [amp-lighter by 2s. 6d. per week. Trifl 00UNCICS BYELAWS.

As the Council contemplate revising their byelaws at an early date the Clerk was instructed at a recent meet- ing to obtain copies of the latest model byelaws drawn up by the Local Government Board. Mr. Sutton now reported that he had received the model byelaws and if the Council decided to make alterations the necessary forms would be forwarded in order that the suggestions could be submitted to the Board for their approval. He (Mr. Sutton) suggested that the officials should re- port upon the matter. The Council would either be re-elected or f,ro out of office in a few weeks and he thought no serious movement should be made in the direction of new byelaws until after the elections.

Mr. KNOWLES thought it was desirable that the Council should have byelaws dealing with the licensing of dancing rooms, &c. Dr. SEPHTON said it would be necessary for the Council to obtain urban powers before they could deal with that matter. Mr. KNowr.us said the Council would probably be able to adopt a section giving them power to deal with fffensive trades. They could then deal with the Long- ord nuisance.

The officials were instructed to report as suggested by the Clerk.

HF.A.LT/I OF TFIE DISTRICT. LONGFORD DEPOT NUISANCE.

Dr. SEPFITONj reported that during the month there had been 22 births and 21 deaths. The death rate was 227 per 1,000 against 36, the average for the past three months, and 30 the rate for the corresponding month last year. Thirteen deaths occurred in Winwick Asylum and there had been a death from smallpox at Sankey sanatorium. Exclusive of these the death rate for the district proper was 7.5. Since the last meeting ihe visited Longford dept along with the inspector and found extensive alterations were being made. They would take several weeks to complete but when finished would abate the nuisance so *long complained of. At present the stench was as great as ever.

Mr. Mather moved the adoption of the report and said he thought great credit was due to the Meigical Officer and Inspector for the healthy state of the dis- trict.

Mr. KIiOWLES: I suppose these experiments are going on. . . _

- The INSPECTOR: Not only experiments, bat the improvements. _ . _

kr. KNOWLES : How long will they take lire they are finished? Dr. SEPRTON: I think they will take thre.e months.

The report was adopted. • The INSPECTOR reported that the alteratioas at the Longford Depot were being proceodedlwith.A condensing tower had been built, but the tank had not been put up. Tenders had bean advertised for the construction of the reservoir. It was proposed to dry the treated refuse before discharging it. This would considerably im- prove matters. On the 9th inst he received a letter from !qr.-Knowles complaining of the font smells at Long- ford. He visited the place the same day and found that the nuisance arose in consequence of the discharginr of the refuse on the floorafter it had been boiled. This process the Corporation intended doing away with. Mr. KNOWLLS said that at the time he wrote the letter the stench made him unwell' for two or three days,: It was so strong that he could " taste it on his • lips "until he had had a wash. The INSPECTOR: The stench is very bad, but I think the alterations are_proceeding very satisfactorily. Mr. MA.THER : I can taste it, even so far away as my house. _ .

Nir. HOUGHTON: Taking the two examples here, it musthave a very nourishing efTe3t. (Laughter). The report was adopted. WARBURTON BRIDGE.

The SURVEYOR said he had received letters from the Rev. E. P. Wnethered, Hollinfare, complaining of the Ship Canal Company having,addel new charges to the list of tolls.. Conseinently he visited the bridge and found the new charges to be as follows :—Bicycle id; Motor Cycle to carry one 6d ; Motor Cycle to carry two is. ; Motor Car' 2s. 61 Under the Act the com- pany had the power to levy these tolls. Mr. . BROOKS suggested that the Lancashire County Council should be approached with a view to the Lan- cashire and Cheshire County Councils joining hands and taking over the Warburton-road. The nearest bridges connecting Lancashire and Cheshire were Warrington bridge and Barton bridge and he thought that, being on the fringe of one of the most thickly populated districts in the world, it was something of a scandal that two portions of the community should be divided for such long dis- tances, and that it should be left to private enterprise to provide a bridge. in this case private enterprise did not find proper means, as the heavier traffic could not cross the bridge for which tolls were charged If the County Councils took over the road there would be no necessity for the bridge to remain, as the stream was silting up, and he suggested that it could be filled up entirely. • Mr. Hotmirrox thought tile Canal Company would be glad to get rid of the responsibility attaching to the bridge, as the tolls received were not sufficient to pay for the maintenance of the road.

The SURVEYORWaS instructed to make inquiries from the County Surveyor as to the best course for the Coun- cil to adopt.

COUNTY COUNCIL GRANTS:

The SURVEYOR intimated that the County Main Roads and Bridges Committee would shortly be con- sidering the maintenance of main roads,and applications for special grants for improvements on both main and secondary roads. If the members would let him know improvements desired he would prepare and submit plansand estimates and include such applications to the County.

Over 100 persons assembled at a social party at the Plicenit Bowling Club's Pavilion, Heywood, on Wed- nesday evening to celebrate the 82na birthday of Mr. William Healey, the veteran Lancashire bowler, who for upwards of 30 years has been president of the bowling club at Heywood. Mr. Healey, who is the father of County Alderman John Healey, Councillor William Healey, J.P. (ex-Mayor of Heywood), and Councillor David Healey, is still hale and hearty, and was present at last night's gathering in the company of his wife. Mr. and Mrs. William Healey, senior, are reputed to be the oldest married couple in Hey- wood—both being octogenarians.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FREE CHURCHES OF WARRINGTON.

Interesting Gathering.

PROPOSED FREE CHURCH HALL AT WIN WICK.

Under the auspices of the Warrington Council of the Evangelical Free Churches, a pleasant social gathering was held in Bold-street schoolroom on Thursday even- ing. There was a representative attendance, amongst those present being: Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Parker, Mrs. Garnett, Rev. John Yonge, Rev. G. H. Carnson and Mrs. Carnson, Rev. R. Wilkins Rees and Mrs. Rees, Rev. J. S. Hughes, and Mrs. Hughes, Rev. John Gunnell, Rev. J. F. Matthews, Rev. Harry Wall, Councillor James Evans, Mr. and Mrs. NV. Winstanley, Mr. and Mrs. Harris, Mr. and Mrs. J. Griffiths, Mr. and Mrs. T. Prince, Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Dunn, Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Dunn, Mr. and Mrs. J. Bailey. Mrs. George Weaver Mrs. J. Fairhurst,Mrs. W. F. Wilkinson,Messrs. A. Perkins, S. B. Stringer W. Hickman, NV. Clegg, W. Beswick, G. Bailey, F. Stringer, J. Wadsworth, E. Eng- land, Coop, Barlow and Edwards. The hall had been decorated for the occasion with curtains, flags &c., and presented an attractive appearance. The PRESIDENT Mir. Parker) extended a hearty wel- come to all present. He observed that he heard some- one speaking of the different churches the other day and the remark was made that the Roman atholic Church, looked down upon the Church of Englano., and the Church of England lookedjdown upon the tVesleyans, and the Wesleyans looked down upon the Primitives, and the Primitives looked down upon the Salvation Army, and the Salvation Army looked down upon the whole lot of them. (Laughter.) They wanted to change that feeling and to realise their unity—(hear, hear)— and that social gathering was to aid in its accomplish- ments.

A short mu.ical programme arranged by Mr. W. H. Payton, Mus. l3ae., was submitted and addresses were delivered. During an interval for social converse re- freshments were handed round. The following ladies assisted: Mesdames Carnson, J. S.. Hughes, A. H. Dunn, Fairhurst, G. Weaver, W. J. Dunn, Wilkinson, Miles, Lawton and J. Adams, Misses Carnson, Evans, Burrows, Weaver, Knowles, Porritt, Dann, Corney and England. The SECRETARY (Rev. J. F. Matthews) referred to the excellent arrangements made by the ladies, and pro- ceededto speak of the work of the Free Church Council. He pleaded for greater interest to be taken by the Churches connected with it in all that concerned its welfare. If the Council had a largerand more generous support from the churches concerned,it would be able to undertake far higher service than it had done, and he was prepared to prophesy that in the future the Free Church Council would be more greatly honoured than in days gone by. (Hear, hear.) The PRESIDENT said he wished he could in the few moments he could claim the attention of the Free churchmen of Warrington carry them in thought back to the genesis of the Free Churches. Hel thought they lost a great deal by not going back often enough to the great events which had to do with the formation of the great battles and the great principles which were fought for by their fathers. (Hear hear). Because of this he fancied many of them were inclined somewhat to look upon the Free Churches as a sort of second rate institution that had done their work and did not differ greatly from other religious institutions. He did not know that there was any better antidote to this *feeling than to go back to the times [that] were gone by and read and learn and enter into the spirit and the conditions which gave the Free Churches birth. He would have liked if there had been time, to tell them of the men who separated themselves from the Church of. their fathers for the sake of a purer worship and a suppler faith, and in do- ing so had to endure privation, persecution, the Joss of property, health and even life itself. Free Churchmen had need to be reminded of the period in English history when it was a crime to have a Bible, treason to meet together to pray to God and to sing a vesper hymn. They had need to keep fresh their recollection of the times when Pym and Hampden bearded tyranny and when Russell and Sydney dreamed of freedom. (Hear, hear.) It was well that they should ever and again enter into fellowship with the makers of the Free Churches. Such men as Henry Barrowe, John Greenwood, and John Perry— men who stood in the forefront of the battle for freedom 'against politicaliand ecclesiastical tyranny, and who in the end sealed their testimony with their blood and conquered death by dying. (Hear, hear.) He should have liked too, if he had had opportunity and the necessary gifts to carry them in thought into the heart and spirit of the great conflict for religious liberty in which the Free Churches were born .and cradled. He would that he had the power to stir their pulses and quicken their zeal by setting before them the conflicts that their fathers waged and the victories that their 1 fathers won. (Applause.) He should like to introduce them to the early Free Churchmen— those men of massive thought, burning word tktid herQic I action; men whose exit from the world was frequently by means of the scaffold or by the ascending flame at the stake. He would like to speak of Milton ancief Bunyan who by their writings gave to puritanism its noblest literary expression. He read the other day a charming description of Bunyan in prison from the pen of Morley Puushon, which he ventured to read because it was so much in harmony with his present purpose. Mr. Parker proceeded to read the extract referred to and said the mental power of such 1 men as Punshon helped them to realise the great heritage they had in the Free Church history. Reference was made to the sufferings of one John

Haydn who was imprisoned for holdirig..a conventicle —sufferinrys endured for the sake of truth and the prin- ciples wach Free Churchmen enjoyed. It would be a pleasing theme if he sketched out the different parts that the several churches took in those great struggles; of the Part played by the Independents who were perhaps the first in the field, of the Baptists, Presbyterians, Quakers anA Unitarians. (Hear, hear.) As a Wesleyan he felt a little disappointment that he could not include them in the list, for he was sure some of them felt as though they would like to have had a hand with Cromwell 's Ironsidas at Marston Moor. (Hear, hear.) They had to remember that when the invigorating blast of persecution had passed away that even the Free Churches as time went on ,passed into a state of coldness and lethargy when wickedness was rampant in the land. Then it was that the Methodists played their part, when little John Wesley heralded the second reformation, helped as he was by the silver-tonged George Whitfield and eloquent Charles Wesley. (Applause). Ile did not wish to point back to the old times and the old struggles merely to make them proud of their beginnings but rather with the idea that the same spirit which worked upon their fathers might lauence them and help them to play the man. He wanted them to remember that the hill-tops of their history were bathed in a glory that could never pass away, and he wished the Free Churchmen ,of War rington to play the man for their Godand theirconntry Rev. G. H. CARNsos pointed out that his name had been in the Christian ministry in the Independent line for 150 year ba7,k, without a break. (Hear. hoar.) He would be vary sorry to live on the recollection of it, but still there was a little insniration in it. As Free Churchmen, he said, they would have to stand by the, Bible as their forefathers did. Some people seemed tci think it was done for, and said it was criticised away. It was not, so far as he was con-!erned—(hear, hear)— and he hoped .Free Churchmen were going to stand by it. (Applause.) Then they must also be determined to maintain the sniritual life of the churches. He was delighted to find the Free Churches coming closer to- gether. He could remember the day when the Wesleyans would not allow a Baptist to occupy a Methodist pulpit, but the old lines of demarkttion were gradually dying away. There was no reason why the Free Churches should bee those definite characteristics for which they stood, whilst drawing closer together for mutual help and sympathy. He would be glad to see the ladies

_ taking a more direct interes-t in the work of the Free Church Council. He believed they ought to take a firmer stand on the Temperance question. That day Mr. Yonge and himself had been to see Tan Maclaren at

Liverpool. When he heard they came from Warrington Tan 'Maclaren said "WaTrington is full of beer is it not?" (Laughter.) The interests of "the trade" in the town were so wide-spread that the minister was a very bold man indeed who dared to speak out. The Free Churches ought to band themselves together on this question and stand firmly side by side and let the individual be sunk. (Hear,- hear.) There were enough men in the Free Churches to remove this stigma cast on Warrington if they were determined that it should be done. (Hear, hear.) They wanted a good mouthpiece on this ones- tion and at present they were rather short of it. Then there was the Education question, which was a burning one to all members of the Free Churches. Some people complained that Free Churchmen did not. want the Bible in the schools. Tt was the catechism they wanted ruling ent of the schools. (Hear, hear.) They did not want the Bible—the highest classic in the land—to be ruled out. They wanted it in,but the clerics said if theßible is -to be there, there must be a man to expound it. The B ible was able to do its own work if they would only let it have a fair chance. (Hear, hear.) Rev. JOHN YONG E said he was exceerlingly pleased to see so numerousa company present. He was beginn- ingto think that the day so far as he was personally con- cerned had been one of the most successful days of the year. As Mr. Carnson had,hinted, they had been to see an Maclaren with the object of getting him to corn e to Warrington and he was very pleased to say they had succeeded. (Hear, hear and applause.) Dr. Watson had declined the invitation twice before, but as the result of an interview that morning he had consented to come to Warrington on the 21st of March next on the occa- sion of the Centenary meeting of the British and Foreign Bible Society. (Hear, hear.) The Bishop of Liverpool and Dr. John Watson (Tan Maclaren) would speak. He hoped evangelical Christians of all demoninations would attend the meeting and make it agreat suocess. The question had often been asked "What is the Free Church Council doing ?" He would not trouble them with a list of its achievements, but a large amount of quiet work had been accomplished which had told upon the religious life of the town (Hear hear). The council

wouldido a great deal more if they could only induce al/ Free Churchmen to take a personal interest in its work. He wished to refer to al scheme which was on foot at Winwick. They were doubtless aware that the Lancashire Asylums' Board had erected an ' asylum at Winwick for the accommodation of 2000 inmates, and for the proper manage- ment of that vast number of unfortunate and un- happy individuals there was a stait of officers and servants of something like 500 persons, male and female. A considerable number of officers and servants- were Nonconformists, and any who desired Free Church privileges had to go either to Warringtnn or Newton- le-Willows, a distance of between two and three miles. The Rev. C. H. Hocken, who Was formerly the Secretary of the Council—and very ably he discharged the duties —received a letter from a gentleman in Bristol, point- ing out that there was no Nonconformist place of wor- ship or school in the whole parish of Winwick,and suggest- ingthat if the Free Church Council would take the matter in hand and erect a Free Church hall,undenominational in character, and under the control of the Free Church Council, he would give a handsome donation. A con- ference had been held at Winwick, and a movement in the direction indicated had been set on foot. The gentleman who made the offer was Mr. Oatley, the architect for the new asylum, and he had been generous enough to give them £lOO towards the cost. The Council had been in negotiation with the Warrington Corporation and had secured a site of ground leased from the Waterworks Committee of the Corporation. The rental was £3 10s. and they were now paying rent. A design had been furnished by the architect named I 6m and it was proposed to erect a building which would accommodate some 300 persons at an estimated cost of £6OO. Already £2OO had been promised to- wards the cost and it was necessary that steps should be taken to raise the remainder so that building operations could be commenced and the hall opened for public worship before the autumn of the coming year. In addition to Mr. Oatley's donation, subscriptions had been promised by Mr. Parker £25, Mr. A. H. Crosfield £25, Mr. Armitage £25, Mr. John Griffiths £5, Mrs. Evans, Haydock £5, and some smaller donations. He was very anxious that every church represented at that meeting should make a collection on behalf of the scheme. If the movement were taken up with unanimity by the Free Churches he believed it would be carried throttgh to a successful issue. (Hear, bear.) The CHAJRMAN said the scheme was laid upon them as Free Churchmen as a solemn duty, and it would be a great testing point as to the worth of the unity that they had been speaking about. It wasnot a great thing to accomplish if the burden was evenly distributed. During the evening, vocal items were contributed by Miss May Bouchier, Mr. A. Cotterill and Mr. N. Cook. The ins6rumental items consisted of violin solos by Miss B. Bouchier, and pianoforte solos by Master Pierce, who also accompanied.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
PARR'S BANK, LIMITED.

Annual Meeting —Mr. Cecil F. Parr on the Year's Commun.

The thirty-ninth annual meeting of this bank was held in London on Thursday, Mr. Cecil F. Parr, pre- siding. The report recommended a dividend for the past half-year at the rate of 19 per cent. per annum,and a bonus of 1 per cent. The Chairman, in moving the adoption of the report, said that he thought few of them would have been sorry to turn their backs on the year 1903. The weather • alone was enough to depress all of them, and unfortunately, it depressed their greatest national industvy—agrieulture—and caused, he was afraid, very severe loss. Other employments and in- dustries which more or less depended on sunshine had also suffered. He was glad to say, however, that this depression had not extended to the company's profits, for these Were much the same as usual. Where they had suffered, in common with every other institution of the kind, had been from a cause which no prudence on the directors' part could avert. They had had to provide a large sum for the depreciation on their Consols by writing them down to 85. It had been asked on more than one occasion why so much should be carried forward from time to time. He thought that that policy had at last been amply justified now, for out of the sum of £107,000 which they had carried forward they had been able to meet this great extrane- ous call on their funds, and yet carry forward this year the substantial sum of £65,000. Many people were still apparently exercised by the low price of Consols. The explanation was really a simple one. Ccnsols were affected by the laws of supply and demand precisely like any other commodity, and the price of Consols would go up when the demand overtook;the supply,and not before. The demand was not ,likely, he feared, to improve in the near future. ,‘ The rate of interest was now only 2J per cent. instead of 21 per cent. Then, again, owing tv the war, the amount of Consols relatively was larger; and in addition to the Consols there were several Government securi- ties, such as the National War Loan and Ex- chewer Bonds, width, while equally safe, gave a bettet yield to the investor, and naturally were more sought after. These latter securities, like the fresh issues of Consols, were largely taken by the professional opera- tors. Some of these were still waiting an opportunity to unload their stocks on the genuine investor,and the genuine investor had not yet appeared to any great ex- tent. was impossible for the market to regain its elasticity so long as it was weighed down by the ever- impending new loans. The qnly remedy WM retrench,. ment all round. Governments, both home and colonial" must be content for some time to come to pay their way without embarking on fresh issues, except those to which they were actually committed. Municipalities, also must defer their schemes _

for benefitting-or impoverishing their -ra.e.paye-issTa; they knew, the bank was largely interested in cotton, and the violent fluctuations in the price of raw cotton, owing partly to the conflicting calculations as to the amount of the crop, but far more to the market manipu- lations by speculators on this side, he was sorry to say, as well as in America, caused general disorganisation and severe loss. In wages alone it had been computed that over £2,000,000 had already been lost, and short time, meaning more loss, had now generally been adop- ted. As long as America produced 80 per cent, of the cotton supply, so long would they be at the mercy of speculators, .and the only course was to make themselves independent of the American supply. He was glad to say thatlthe efforts of the British Cotton Growing Association and others had resulted in successful experiments being carried out in various of our colonies and other parts of the world. Of course, the production of sufficient cotton to make much impression on the world's supply must take some years, but he was glad to see that a British cotton grow- ing company had already been formed. It was, how- ever, necessary that private efforts should be supple- mented by Government assistance in the shape of railways for transport in the colonies, and he hoped prompt recognition of this would be shown by the Colonial Office. After alluding to the necessity for the reduction of the rate of interest in the Post Office Savings Bank, the chairman went on to refer to the inadequacy of bank reserves. One suggestion for cur- ing this was the publication of balances in the hands of the bank. They would then know how far the joint stock banks relied on themselves and on the re- serves of the Bank of England and conversely to what -extent the Bank of Englq,nd relied on the joint stock banks. Banks however, ,Itere not the worst offenders. It *astolbe deplored that the Government did not set a better example. The Government were the largest bankers in thit country, having nearly £150,000,000 in their 'hands fre_tifpNle,positors to the Post Office Savings Bank, and veWllll.eltkept not a single ounce of gold against it. /n Alclusion, the chairman said,with regard to the fiscal controv4sy, that they all should do their best to examine the question for themselves, and also to prevent it from being overwhelmed in the mire of party politics.

Tlie-adoption of the report was seconded by Mr. E. W. Nix, and unanimously t greed to. The retiring directors and , auditors were alse unani- mously re-elected.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
PEN KETH.

WESLEYAN MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIA.TION.— A very interesting meeting of the above was held art Wednesday night in the Wesleyan School. The Secre- tary (Mr. E. W. Clarke) presided, and there was a good muster of the members. A new feature was introduced and was a great success, and this should be repeated in forthcoming meetings. "Five Minute Papers," by the members, on the subjects of their own choosing, was the idea, and the evening was well filled up by several interesting short papers. The following ladies and gentlemen took part :—Mrs. R. Garnett, Mrs. Bell, Mrs. Clarke, Messrs. C. E. Parker, A. 0. Clay, W. Moores, T. Birch, H. J. Mainley, and J. Midwood.—Arrangements for the lecture next Wednesday by Mr. Towers, of Widnes, were made and the National Anthem brought the meeting to a close. ST. MARY'S INSTITUTE.—On Monday night the members of the above were entertained to a lantern exhibition in their headquarters, the Infants School. Mr. James Woodward was in charge of the apparatus, and the lovely scenes of North Wales and differentparts of this country were much appreciatdd. Several humorous slides were also shown, and at the close Mr. Woodward was cordially thanked for his services. ST. MARY'S SUNDAY SCHOOL.—The annual scholars treatof the Sankey and Penketh Sunday schools, was held in the Sankey Sunday school on Thursday last. The scholars were entertained to a substantial tea, and afterwards a concert was gone through. followed by an impromptu dance, the scholars thoroughly enjoying themselves during the evening.

BLACKBURN TRAM LOSSES. An official statement of the working of the Blackburn trams during the nine months ended December last, states that the loss amounted to £2,144. The receipts inczeased from £32,832 to £34,177. This brings the, total loss on the tram undertaking to £24,640.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_19040130_art0086.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1,

===== 0002601_19040130_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
AN EXPLANATORY CATECHISM.

1. TVhat is Giallo)." Emits' Quinine Bitters ?

AR excellent vegetable Remedy, prepared in the most skilful and scientific manner, and containing the active principles of those plants generally acknowledged to be the best remedial agents, and to possess the most heal- ing and curative properties. It is now extensivelyused in many countries, and everywhere acknowledged as the Best Tonic Remedy known.

2. What does it contain.?

Quinine and the active principles of the following well-known herbs: Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Lavender, Burdock, and Dandelion, scientifically pre- pared, and in such happy proportions as to form a Tonic Bitters positively unequalled.

3. What is its action,

assists atm promotes Digestion, strengthens t Nerves and Muscles, purifies the Blood, enlivens the Spirits, and removes all Obstructions and Impurities in Ihe Human Body. It gives tone to the whole system. ' t strengthens and fortifies those parts which have been -weakened by Disease, and are consequently more liable to Colds and unhealthful influences. It has gained the Highest Recommendations as the Best Family Medicine and a remedy for every kind of Weakness.

4. What Diseases is it specially recommendea for 7

Influenza, and the after effec attack of Influenza, Indigestion, Chest Affect Diseases of the Liver in all their various forms, Neuralgia and all Nervous Disorders, Depression of Spirits, General Weakness, Loss of Appetite, Sleeplessness.

Must patients confine themselves within doors when using it

No; the working man need not abstain from his labour; the mother from her household duties, or the child be kept from school while using it.

6. Is there any difficulty in procuring it?

There need be none, as it can be obtained of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, or will be forwarded direct by the Proprietors, carriage free, on receipt of stamps. It is sold in bottles 2s. 9S.and 4s. 6d. each. Beware of Imitations. See the name " Gwilym Evans" on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. Sole Proprietors: Quiniae Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelli, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

CHARGE AGAINST A WARRINGTON CLERK.-CASE DISMISSED. .

Edward Tueson, a clerk, of Higher Walton' Warring- ton, was charged at a special sitting of the Guildhall, Nottingham, on Monday with stealing a live tame rabbit, value £lO, the prciperty of Messrs. T. Gillett and Son, of Winds Or-terrace, Banbury, about October 4th or sth, 1902, and with receiving the rabbit well knowing it to have been stolen. Mr. Scatliff (of Messrs. Scatliff and Hunt, London), appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. T. S. Steel (of Warrington) defended.—There was a crowded Court.—The case for the prosecution was that at an exhibition held in Nottingham on the 3rd and 4th October, 1902, fessrs. Gillett and Son exhibited a Dutch tortoise-shell rabbit in a certain class and were awarded first prize. On the evening of the second day of the show the rabbit was missed from the pen. The rabbit, it was alleged, was exhibited several times by the defendant who, on being questioned, denied that it was the same rabbit. Subsequently the animal died, aud its body was sent to London, where it was recog- nised by a mark upon its foot—Defendant had given several different accounts of how he came by it.—A large number of witnesses were called to give evidence of identification. The preserved body of the rabbit was produced in Court. and bore all the distinctive featuros of the rabbit exhibited in Nottingham by the prosecu- tors.—Mr. Steel submitted that his client had no case toanswer. The case had taken up a long time,but it was a matter of serious importance to his client. The defendant was a young man of Food character, and held an important position as clerk in the Water Engineer's Department of the Warrington Corporation. The charge of stealing the rabbit was wholly unfounded, not a tittle of evidence having been given that he was even at the Nottingham show of 1902 when the rabbit was alleged to have been stolen. The only matter that could be considered was that of receiving the rabbit, well knowing it to have been stolen, and the,re was no evidence but possession, and the possession was not sufficiently recent. It had been held that after the lapse of many months a person could not b& called upon to account for the manner in which the property came into his possession: Mr. Steel cited two cases m which it had been held, by Mr. Justice Maule in the one case, and by Baron Channel! in the other, that where the possession was not sufficiently recent the prisoner was not to be tint on his defence, there being no other evidence than possession. In this case,assuming the evidence of identification was complete which he submitted was not, there was nothing beyond possession, and the case ought to be dismissed. Other cases were submitted, and he (Mr. Steel) strongly urged that tlie defendant ought not to be put on his defence. Sliould the Bench decide against !aim on the Doinc, raised, the defendant had a perfect antwer to t.he charge. but he did not wish to occupy their time further the case having taken so long. After a short deliberation the bench dismissed the case on the ground that the evidence of identification in December, 1902' was not sufficiently strong to warrant a conviction.—Mr. Steel thanked the Bench for the atten- tion they had given to the case.—The Chairman said it h-td taken a long time, but had been ably conducted on both sidds. OFFENCES AGAINST THE FACTORY ACT.—WARRINGTON EMPLOYERS FINED.

Yesterday at the Warrington Police Court, the White- cross Company, Limited, Milner-street, were summoned for ewloying a boy named John Riley after six o'clock in tht evening on January Bth.—Mr. Steel appear gl for the defendants.—Mr. A. Lewis, chief Factory InspEctor for the district,,, prosecuted and said the legal period of employment for persons under eighteen was from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. On the date in question the boy Riley was found working at 7.5 p.m. It appeared that he (lid not commence work at gix in the 'morning but had been placed on the night 'shift. in one branch of the works the defendants were entitled to employ boys on the day and night shifts during alternate weeks, but that rule did not apply to the section in which Riley was engaged. The firm was fined for a similar offence on April 7th.—Mr. Steel said an sne regretted these irregularities'more than the direc- tors of the company, and he was sure the magistrates would appreciate the difficulty the firm had in carrying the Act out to the letter. Men were employed on piece work, and they employed the boys. The com- pany had taken every precaution to prevent boys under the statutory age going into the works .and they appointed a watchnian for that purpose. .On

SE HE

R

is ever watchful of the health of her children whose physical and mental development . . receive her constant c,-re

the date in question the watchman was ill and the man who took his place was not sufficiently well acquainted with the duties to prevent the irregularity.—A fine of £1 rand costs was imposed.—Thomas H. Houghton, wheelwright, 472, Knutsford-road, was summoned for employing three young persons without medical certifi- cates of fitness.—Mr. Lewis said Henry Bowden, aged 14, had been employed 13 months: John Ford, aged 14, for 19 months; and Joseph Marshall, aged 15, for 13 months, but defendant had made no attempt to comply with the provision of the Act that within seven working days of the first employment, a certificate of fitness should be obtained from the certifying surgeon for the district.—Bridget Cunningham, mineral water manu- facturer, Winwick road, was fined 2s Gd and costs for employingia boy named William Brown without a certificate.

RE T 4

===== 0002601_19040130_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
. , . . . f - 4.t . COCOa

is a most valuable beverage for the young, and does splendid service in building up the constitution. "HEALTH" says : " It builds up muscle and bodily vigour with a steady action that renders it a most accept- able and reliable beverage." DR. ANDREW WILSON says : "Cocoa in itself is an excellent and nutritious food, and should be consumed in a pelf ectly pure state." The "LANCET' says:—

"CADBURv's is the Standard of Highest Purity." s

,S

ABSOLUTELY PURE THEREFORE BEST.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

Minor Cases.

MONDAY.—Before Mr. Birchall (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Councillor Thornton, Messrs. Hayward and Wright. A WARNING TO LOOSE CHA RACTERS.—SeveraI women were sent to gaol for indecent conduct in the streets.— The Chief Constable desired it to be known that the police were making special efforts to rid the town of such characters and officers in plain clothes had been specially told off for that purpose.—The magistrates signified their intention of assisting the police in their crusade.

A "PERIODICAL BLOOMER."—Margaret Burke, 16 Ship-yard, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Arnold's-yard, Haydock-street, at 1.35 on Sunday morning. The Chief Constable: "She is another of our periodical bloomers, having bloomed thirty-five times." (Laughter.)—Prisoner was sent to prison for fourteen days with hard labour. BOYS IN TRouBLEAFive boys named Joseph Grey, 62, Lythgoes-lane; Samuel Beckett, 21, Turner-street; William Barker, 36, Lythgoes-lane ; Thomas Birchall, 40, Haydock-street ; and Harry Dix, 37,Winwick-street, were summoned for having made a loud and unseemly noise in Winwick-street, on the 15th inst.—PC. Hughes said the lads were throwing stones at doors.—Each defendant was fined 2s. 6d. " LAW YER " BECKETT AGAIN.—On the evidence of P.C. Hewitt a youth named Alfred Beckett, commonly known as "Lawyer" Beckett,. was fined ss. for having used obscene language in Scotland-road on Saturday night. He was further charged with having committed a breach of the peace by fighting on the night of Sep- tember 24th. It appeared that prisoner has been summoned to appear in answer to the above charge in September last, but failed to do so.—P.C. Newey proved the case, and Beckett was bound over in the sum of £5 to keep the peace. THIRTY-THIRD APPEA RANCE.—Mary Broderick, 40, Dallari-lane, was bound over in a surety of £5 to keep the peace for six months for disorderly behaviour in Dallam-lane on the 16th inst. This was her 33rd appearance. BURNING AN EFFIGY.—James Parry, 41, Greenall- street, was summoned for committing a breach of the peace by acting in a disorderly manner hi Ellesmere- street on January 18th.—The evidence showed that on the date named a large crowd engaged in a hostile demonstration against a woman named Sarah Haddock, 49, Greenall-street. An effigy composed of straw and. clothing was set on fire and defandant, who had previ- ously been annoying Mrs. Haddock, . threw it into the yard of her residence. It set fire to the rollers of a wringing machine and damaged them.- -The Chief Constable safd he had received several complaints about the disgraceful scene that was enacted by the crowd, and their Worships had in time gone by signified their intention of putting such things to an end. He (the Chief Constable). had had very good assistance from the magistrates in the past, and he again asked them to help him to maintain order. Defendant was bound over in the sum of £5 to keep the peace for six months, and also ordered to pay the costs.

TUESDAY.—Before Dr. Fox (in the chair), Alderman Hutchinson and Mr. Young.

DESERTED IN SOUTH AFRICA.—Samuel Clifford was charged with being a deserter from the Ist Battalion of the West Riding Regiment, on service in South Africa, since 1901.—Police-Constable Whalley stated that he was on duty in Bridge-street on Monday morning when he noticed the prisoner,who'was wearing a pair of mili- tary boots, and walked In military style. He went to him and asked him if he had been a soldier, and he said he had, but had finished his time. Witness then asked prisoner, to show his discharge papers, and as he could not produce them or give any satisfactory explanation be was taken into custody. On the way down to the Police Station prisoner admitted that he had deserted from the West Ridings while they were in South Africa. —He was remanded to await a military escort, the Con- stable being recommended for the usual award.

WEDNESDAY—Before Mr. Birchall (in the chair), Alderma.n Hutchinson, and Mr. Geddes.

Two 'MONTHS FOR THEFT.—ThORIRS McCall, of no settled abode, was sentenced to two months' hard labour for stealing four pairs of corduroy trousers, of the value of £l, the property of Thomas Bowe, Horsemarket etreet.—P.C. Corbett met the prisoner carrying the trousers and on making inquiries found they had been stolen from outside Mr. Bowe's shop.

THURSDAY.—Before Mr. C. White (in 6e chair), and Mr. J. R. Young. A MILITIAMAN'S ESCAPADE.---Joseph McCormick, a militiaman sLationed at Orford Barracks. -.,as charged with breaking and entering the premises of Patrick Mulee; grocer and provision dealer, 45, Fairclough's Avenue, at 11.25 the previous night, with intent to steal.—Superintendent Monaghan said prosecutor and his family retired to bed about ten o'clock and an hour later prosecutor heard the breaking of glass at the rear of. the premises. On going downstairs he found the prisoner lying on the kitchen floor bleeding from wounds on the face and hands. He lifted him up and asked him how he had got there. Prisoner stated that six men had thrown him through the window. It was however found that the catch of the window had been broken and sufficient glass had been smashed to admit a man to the house. A brush had been taken from the rear of the premises and it was suspected that prisoner broke the window with it. As the man had been at Warrington only three weeks and was unable to give satisfactory accounts of himself, he (the Superintendent) asked for a remand for a week.—Prisoner was renianded accordingly.

FRlDAY.—Before .the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Councillors Roberts and Thornton, Messrs. H. Roberts and Hepherd. EXPENSIVE RAILWAY JOURNEY.—WiIIiam Holden, Si, Church-street, Dukinfleld, was summoned for travel- ling on the London and North-Western Railway on January 2nd without paying the fare.—Mr. Fenna pro- secuted on behalf of the company and said defendant travelled from Manchester to Warrington. On passing out osf the station he tendered sixpence, telling the collector that he had come from Newton without a ticket. He was questioned by Detective Howells and after a time admitted thathe had travelled from Man- chester. It appeared that his employers had actually paid him the full fare to Warrington and back-.—A fine of 10s. and costs was inflicted. A NUISANCE TO THE TRAVELLING PUBLlC.—Patrick Richard Moran, 15 Portland-street, James Mulkearns, Bank-street, Michael Scully., Jolley's court, Peter Scully, Scotland-road, and Arthur Gregson; Friar's Green' were sunimoned for tiespassing on the London and North Western Railway Company's premises and refusing to quit when requested to do so by Detective Howells on January 20th.—Mr. Fenna said the company brought the case into court to endeavour to stop a nuisance at Bank Quay - station which had been growing very much of late. They were very sorry to proscute workingmen, but the defendants were continually loafinti about the station and the complaints from the travelling public were becoming very serious. The men annoyed passenger by almost insisting upon carrying their luggage, and the district superintendent for the company, Mr. Turn- bull, was recently subjected to this treatment. Defend- ants had been cautioned time after time, but they simply laughed at Detective Howells, and took not the slightest notice of complaints.—Michael Scully, who had not been summoned for the same offence before, and stated that he had a wife and two children to keep, was dis- charged. The other defendants who had all been in trouble for trespassing previously, were fined 10s. and costs, with the option of 14 days' imprisonment. A DANGEROUS PRACTICE.—John Durnbell,3B,Fother- gill-street ; John Finch, 3, Thelwall-lane • James Barrett, 39, Nicholson-street • Charles Rylands, 21, Farrell-street,and William Gibbons, of the " Star and Garter Inn," Friars'-green, were summoned for trespass- ing on the London and North-Western Railway thereby exposing themselves to danger.—Mr.Fenna poinped out that the men were employed at the cable works and in order to take a shorter cut to and from work,trespassed on the sidings where shunting operations were in pro- , gress.—Defendants were fined 10s. each. HL-.RANDS AlONED.—fleory Britton, 58, Winwick- road, did not appear to answer a summons charging him Iwith persistent cruelty to his wife, Alice Britton.— Complainant stated that her husband had been drinking I and one night he seized her by the throat and threatened I her. She had to leave the house and defendant kept her otitside all night.—As there was no corroborative I evidence, and it was stated that complainant Ihad been granted a separation order before, the case was dismissed. Albert Jackson, 168, Winwick-road wait summoned for persistent ' cruelty to his wife, Mary Jackson, who not' resides in Chester—Mr. Steel defended—The Chief Constable observed that when the woman was granted a free , summons she stated that she had walked from Chester with a baby inher arms—Complainant said that on the Saturday before Christmas defendatit threatened her with a knife and kicked her in the side, and she had to leave the house. She had been married 12 months last November. In June last she obtained a separation order butwent back to the defendants three days afterwards. I —Defendant denid having committed any acts of ' cruelty.—The case was adjourned for a month to give the parties an opportunity of arriving at some arrange ment

===== 0002601_19040130_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 30, 1904

WARRINGTON.

Fire Extinguished by Policemen.

Police Constable Hughes was passing along Butter- market-street at 5.20 on Wednesday morning when he detected a smell of burning. On going to Cloth Hall-yard he found that several provision boxes be- longing to Mr. William Isaac, Buttermarket-street, were ablaze. P.C. Whittaker came upon the scene and the officers SOCIIL extinguished the flames.

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS in latest art shades.-4. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

Ebenezer Church Band of Hope. On Monday evening, the abot're Baud of Hope was visited by the Ellesmere-street Mission Choir who gave a capital rendering of "Dick's Fairy." Mr. Barlow gave the connective readings. A vote of thanks proposed by Councillor Thornton, seconded by Mr. J. W. Roberts was unanimously carried. FIRE GRATES of every description.—J. S. GAR- LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street,Warringion.—Advt.

Liberal Meeting at Hatton. A Liberal meeting was held in the Council School, Hatton, on Monday evening and was well attended. Mr. C. Roylance presided and an interesting address on the fiscal question was delivered by Mr. John Taylor, of the National Reform Union, who showed how, in the end, the consumer would have to pay any taxes which might be imposed on foreign goods.

LADIES BET GLACE BOOTS and SHOES, UNDER the CLOCK, BRID GE-STREET.—Ad,

The Cotton Trade. The shortage of the cotton crops has resulted in an advance in the prices of raw material to such an extent that, it is stated, it is impossible for maufac- turers to take orders at anything like a paying price. The. prospects locally are gloomy, and at present the weavers at Cockhedge Mills are working only forty hours per week. In the spinning mills, however, the employes are working full time.

BEST BOOTS FOR ALL.—UNDER the CLocK.--.Advt.

Treat to Juvenile Templars. On Saturday, the members of the Young Mission Juvenile Temple of the I. 0. G. T.,spent a happy time in Ebenezer church, Buttermarket street. At 4p m. the annual tea was served, among those present being Councillor. H. Thornton, Sister Mrs. Sheath, S. J. T:, Sister G. Hughes, A. S. J.T., and about a dozen mem- bers of the adult lodge. After tea, books (kindly sent by Mr. A.OE. Eccles, of Chorley), and toys were dis- tributed by Councillor Thornton. Games were after- wards indulged in, the adults romping with the children with zest. The party broke up about 9 o'clock all retiring tired but happy.

H. M. AsirroN's LIFE ToNrc is the Krso or

ToNics.--63. SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. Volunteer War Game.

A number of officers of the Warrington Volunteer battalion engaged in an interesting " war game" on Monday evening at the Drill Hall against a team of the 4th V.B. Cheshire Regiment. Major B. Fair- clough was in command, and the other officers who took part in the game were 2nd Lieutenant J. Fulton Smith, 2nd Lieutenant R. McM. Roberts; umpire-in- chief—Lieutenant-Colonel R. C. Winder, 9th R.G.A. Volunteers ; assistant-umpires— Lieutenant-Colonel J. A.Tdelsten and Captain and Adjutant A. F. Bun- dock. Nearly all the Warrington Volunteer officers were present and the game, which was a very success- ful one, occupied nearly four hours.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-63, SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. Girls', Club Silver-street. Thanks to the generosity of various friends the members of this club enjoyed a tea and entertainment on Monday evening. Mrs. R. Garnett, president of the club, was present, as well as the matron, Mrs. Davies, and several other ladies. The girls, number- ing about 78, sat down to an excellent meal, and during the evening sang several hymns in good voice. Captain Langton, of the Church Army, brought a lantern, and, after reading the story of "Teddy's Button," showed some good slides which were greatly appreciated. Cheers were given for all I riends, and an orange was presented to each girl on leaving the room. The Vice-President (Miss B. Dutton) was unable to be present owing to a previous engagement. All friends were thanked who had in any way contri- buted to make the gathering a success.

PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER the CLOCK for BES BOCT 3 in L A.NC.A.SFITRE.—.AdVt.

The Growth of Lancashire. The rapid growthof Lancashire is strikingly illustrated by 1;ome figures contained in a report by the Finance Committee of the County Council. When the Local Government Act, 1888, was passed the administrative county comprised an acreage of 1,124,450 and a popu- lation of 1,761,320. By extensions of county boroughs the acreage has been reduced by 35,868, but despite the diminished area the population is now about 82,000 larger, and the ratable value has increased by about £970,000. In round figures the gross annual expenditure of the county (ex education) is, excluding capital outlay, about £595,000, of which £365,000 is raised by rates.

ASA for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS 'MINIMA WATERS.—Advt. Fire at a Furniture Dealer's Shop. About half-past nine. o'clock on Tuesday evening, a fire vats discovered to have broken out in the store room Immediately above the shop of Mr. William Barton, furniture dealer, 54, Green-street Police- Constable Woods was early on the scene and went to the assistance of Mr. William and Mr. Thomas Barton, who wen) fortunately on the premises at the time. Several neighbours also lent willing assistance and the fire was speedily extinguished. A number of straw mattresses which were smouldering were thrown through the window and several articles of furniture which had caught fire were removed into the street. A messenger had been sent to Messrs. Crosfield's works for the fire brigade, but 'wing to the prompt measures which were taken, the services were not required and the men did not turn out.

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASs MINERAL WATERS.—Advt. Warrington Field Club. _

At the opening meeting of the second half of the winter session, held on Friday evening, Mr. May pre- sided over a good audience, and Mr. W. Webster read a paper on" Ants." He first dealt with the classifica- tion, indicating the three great groups into which they fall, and demonstrating on the blackboard the peculiarities of the joints connecting abdomen with thorax characteristic of each ',group. He then des- cribed some of the more striking features of the anatomy of ants, and the functions of the various internal and external structures; concluding with a most interesting sketch of the habits and habitations of the various British species, largely the result of his own observations made during several years study. In the discussion which, followed Mr. Webster was warmly congratulated `on his able address. The President having arranged for Mr iNevvste,ai'... (Jr Chester, to fill February 19th with a lantern lecture--- at the usual hour 7.30 in the Museum Lecture RQOM —it was agreed to make that an open meeting; so that any non-member interested in the subject, " St. Kilda, its people and Natural History " will have the opportunity of attending.

UNDER the CLOCK or GOOD BOOTS.—Advt. Legh Street Primitive Methodist Band of Hope. A grand concert in connection with die above was held in the Legh-street schoolroom on Tuesday the 26th inst, the chair being taken by Mr. B. T. Parkes, who opened the concert with some very interesting remarks. The pupils of Miss Williams' school de- lighted the audience with their clever selections on the mandoline, and reflected great credit on their tutor, who Must have gone to considerable trouble to have trained the band to such a state of perfection. , Miss Elsie and Master Bertie .Spruce sung a duet in their usual accomplished manner, and secured loud applause. The Society were also fortunate in securing the serviees of the Ellesmere-street Band of Hope who went through a very amusing dialogue, much to the enjoyment of those present. Other dialogues and recitations were given by the members of the Legh-street Society, and Miss V. Hewitt proved to be an able and talented accompanist, her performance on the piano being excellent for one so young. Altogether Mr. Billingham (the Secretary) is to be complimented on the manner in which these entertainments are undertaken and 'carried out, and it must be very gratifying to him to be so successful in obtaining, at all of his entertainments, so many will- ing and -talented helpers in the noble work in which he is engaged.

FOR CLASS AND CHINA of every description try J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. ,

===== 0002601_19040130_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL COMMERCE.

WORK OF THE WARRINGTON CHAMBER.

Warrington and the Ship Canal Company , MR. PARR AND THE FISCAL QUESTION. The Condition of Bank Quay Station. Several important matters affecting Warrington were discussed at the annual meeting of the Warrington Chamber of Commerce held on Monday morning at the • Town Hall. I The President (Mr. J. Charlton Parr) presided. There I were also present' :—Messrs. C.E.Parker(vicepresident) i Edwin Woods, J. Fulton Smith, T. E. Gibson, C. D. I Parkinson, D. Garnett, J. H. Smethurst, H. Kingdom, H. Chambers, and Arthur Bennett, (hon secretary). Messrs. W. Long, F. W. Monks and T. P. Rathbone wrote regretting their inability to be present. THE ANNUAL REPORT. The HON SECRETARY submitted the 27th annual re- port and the following are the more important matters referred bo. IMPROVEMENT OF BANK QUAY STATION AND LOCAL TRAIN SERVICE. The President having introduced the question of the inadequate accommodation at Bank Quay Station, it was resolved that the Secretary be instructed to write to the London and North-Western Railway Company inquiring what plans they have in view, and how soon they expect to be in a position to carry out the desired improvements. He was also requested to communicate with them in reference to the local train service. He received the following reply, dated March 4, 1903 : "London and North-Western Railway Company, Easton Station, London, N.W. 4th March, 1903. Dear , sir,—ln reply to your letter of the 2nd inst., I beg to inform you that in connection with the widening operations an order has been given for the rearrangement and enlargement of the Bank Quay Station at Warrington, and when these works have been carried out I have no doubt that the complaints of your Council as to the accommodation at the station will be fully met. As regards the train service, the 6.23 from Warrington, which you refer to in your letter, is a summer train which will be reinstated in July. I would point out, however, that there is now a very good connection for London and the south by the 5.16 p.m. train from Warrington, reaching Easton at 9.15 p.m. I regret we cannot see our way to stop the 5.35 p.m. train from Euston at Warrington; there is already a goad connection off this train leaving Crewe at 9.25 and arriving at Warrington at 10.2 p.m.—Yours faithfully, F. HARRISON. The Secretary alluded to the improved passenger train service from and to Warring- ton (to which reference was made in Saturday's "Examiner "), and said the company had made con- cessions in addition to those which were mentioned in his report, so that the representations of the Ghamber seemed to have had the desired effezt. (Hear, hear.) EDUC ITION COMMITTEE. We have pleasure in reporting that provision was made for the representation of the chamber on the Education Committee, and that Mr. .1. Fulton Smith was accordingly appointed as one of the co-opted mem- bers of the new authority. This is a useful concession in view of the necessity for better technical training in many of our local industries, and the Council confi- dently look to great advantages as a result of the in- creased and practical attention which this subject is at last receiving. PROPOSED REDUCTION IN PASSENGER FARES. A letter was read from Mr. F. W. Monks calling attention to the reductions allowed by the Scotch Rail- way companies on certain classes of tickets; and sug- gesting the desirability of similar concessions on the lines proposed in the resolution adopted by the Asso- ciated Chambers, and it was decided to communicate with the local companies in the sense desired. Replies were sent by all of them, together with the following letter from the Railway Clearing House :-16th July, 1903. Sir,—` Week-end and ordinarSo return tickets. Your application for the following concession, viz., (a) For the issue generally of week-end tickets ; (b) For the issue of ordinary return tickets at a fare and a half, available forsix months, and allowing break of journey at all Places en route without any distinction being made between ports, manufacturing towns, university cities, and other places of historic note ; in fact, with- out discriminating between business, educational, and pleasure purposes, has been carefullyconsidered by the railway superintendents in conference:and I am desired to inform you that theyftre unable to see their way to accede thereto.—Yours obediently, H. C. SMART, Secre- tary. A. Bennett, Esq." THE LATE MR. ROBERT GARNETT. It is with great regret that we record the death of Mr. Robert Garnett, who was for two years the presi- dent, and for many years an active member of the Counci, of the chamber. IMPERIAL TARIFF PROPOSALS. The question as to the desirability of calling a general meeting to discuss Mr. Chamberlain's proposed amend- ment of our system of imperial tariffs was discussed at length, the Secretary suggesting that it might be well to have both sides of the question put before the mem- bers,Nand to give the various local trades the opportun- ity of expressing their views; hut this was not considered desirable, and it was finally resolved: "That the Executive of the Warrington Chamber of Commerce considers it premature to express any opinion on the important changes which Mr. Chamberlain suggests in the fiscal policy of this country, but would view with satisfaction any thoroughly national inquiry into the conditions under which our important international and colonial trade is carried on, and is prepared to offer any local facilities or help within its power." MANCHESTER SHIP CANAL PROPOSALS. Whilst general approval was expressed concerning the plan, the company suggest in order to maintain the level of the water in the river around Warrington at lift. 6in, above ordnance datum, the clauses which suggest that Warrington should finance the scheme and divert its own sewers were not received with favour. The Secretary suggested that, as items in a general settlement, it would be well to secure an exten- sion of the time allowed ,to Warrington for the construction of the dock; the right to widen Walton-road; and an undertaking from the Ship Canal Company not to deposit any further matter in the old river bed at Wilderspool. A deputation consisting of Messrs. C. E. Parker, J. A. Ewart, John Fairclough, E. G. George,John Hutchings. William Long, Frederick Monks, Andrew Rathbone, Henry Roberts, NV. Peter Itylands J. Fulton Smith, and Edwin Woods, was appointed to (Lend a conference at the Town Hall between the Rivers Committee, the Canal Company, the Rivers Preservation Society and the Chamber of Commerce. The conference resulted in a protracted sitting, and an agreement was arrived at on a number of the leading points at issue; but, as the Ship Canal Company made it a sine qua non that the action against the company should be dismissed, the negotiations- were abruptly ended. The company had previously declined to agree to an extension of time for the construction of the dock upon the ground that they desired to sell the site for building purposes, and they are now proceeding with their Bill and their appeal con- currently. The refusal to extend the time for the construction of the dock may ulttmately prove a serious thing for Warrington, as no other site so suitable is anywhere available, and, as the town develops, it will probably desire to take advantage of the close proximity of tho canal, and the low tolls secured by the original Act, to cultivate a larger trade than will be posssible upon the river, even though it should be deepened as proposed. WIDENING OF WARRINGTON BRIDGE. The following resolution was unanimously adopted: "That the Corporation be respectfully requested to reconsider the proposal to widen Warrington Bridge by cantilever footways, with a view to substituting a new, bridge which shall be adequate for the accommodation of any probable future developments in both road and river traffic." LOCAL TRAFFIC TO AND FROM THE LAY-BY. The Secretary also reported that negotiations were . in progress with a view to getting several of the lead- ing z•tna:r.ciiip lines to Manchester to call at the lay-by for Warrington goods. and that some of, them were willing to do so if sufficient cargo couic. ot, col:ectcd to make it worth their while. He suggested that the Chamber of Commerce might usefully act as intermedi- aries in the matter. THE BALANCE SHEET. The SECRETARY also presented the balance sheet 1 Twelve month 3 ago there was, he said, a balance in . hand of .CG 65.10 d. The present balance was RC 45. 10d., so that the chamber had practically maintained its position. MR. PARR AND TETE FISCAL QUESTION. AN UNPREJUDICED TRIBUNAL NEEDED. The PRESIDENT in moving the adoption of the report and the statement, of accounts, said that when the, chamber did him the distinguished compliment of 1 Placing him in the presidential chair a very kind sug- I gestion was made that he should not be expected to I compass more than he felt he was able to do, and he I must, therefore, be excused from making an introductory 1 address, which he felt his present isolation ' from commercial matters and mercantile interests,l rendered him incapable of making interesting or in I strnctive to the critical audience he was addressing.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
INDIGESTION.

• Whim the stomach refuses to digest its food all manner of troubles arise. This is Indigestion. The food lays in the stomach, and instead of its nutritious qualities being extracted to make the life-blood and tissues of the body, it ferments, sours, or decomposes, and thus gives rise to sickness, nausea,headache,bilious- ness. and all manner of complaints. So bad was my Indigestion," said Mr. J.Harle, 6, Oakland-terrace,Fern- dale, Glam.," that it was impossible for me to go to work. Pains in the chest and stomach were often very acute. Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills, brought instant relief, and I am thankful for the cure they effected." Dr. Morse's ;Ind:an Root Pills, a perfeet blood purifier, cure liver and kidney complaints, biliousness, indigestion, constipation, piles, dyspepsia, female ailments, eczema. pimples and blotches. Sold by leading chemists and n stores, price is. e: per bottle, or on receipt of price from The W. H. Comstock Co., 21, Farringdon Avenue, London, E.C. FREE SAMPLE. Mention this paper and enclose Id. stamp for postage.

There was, however, one great question which could not ' be ignored, and which must affect our commercial inter- ests vitally and radically—a question upon which they should welcome an authoritative pronouncement if they could have it from some infallible and omniscient source. He felt that to attempt to discuss even the fringe of the question at that meeting would be inopportune and inexpedient. But, although that was not the time or place for discussing the great fiscal question, it behoved us to bake it into our serious consideration with a view to formulating a policy and an opinion upon it. It was a question which affected the commerce and trade of the Empire, and it was to chambers of com- merce that the public would look for authoritative guidance, for chambers of commerce could calmly and deliberately weigh the pros and cons apart from politi- cal inspiration, and independent of the interested trade combinations. (Hear, hear.) What they wanted tc achieve was the safeguarding of our trade and commerce first in the interests of the United Kingdom, for charity began at home, and next in the interests (if our great colonies and dependencies. He would, therefore, urge that chamber to take the matter into its earnest and serious consideratidn, and would specially urge those members of it who were capable from their business experienceand knowledge of facts and figures to bring their information to bear upon the subject, not from an interested and selfish point of view, but from an imperial and patriotic standpoint, for we were all citizens of one great empire, and our main object should be not the advancement of one trade or one industry, but the general prosperity of the mother country first, and then the welfare of her children, her colonies and dependencies in all parts of the world. (Applause.) Before coming to a conclusion he hoped we might be taught and advised by those whose know- ledge and experience were greater than our own. We had teachers and talkers enough, some armed with facts and figures more or less accurate and reliable, but amongst that multitude of counsellors how many were there who had more than the mere elementary and hear- say knowledge of the subject they are so ret.dy to discuss and dogmatize upon, and, as the decision upon that momentous and vital question must ulti- mately rest with the great body of electors, who might not have the time, the means, the opportunity or capacity for judging for themselves, and must depend upon the advice of others, it was to his mind most essential that time should be taken and precipitate action be avoided in order that full inquiry might be made and figures verified by some compete9t and un- prejudiced tribunal like a royal commission before that most important issue was submitted to the ultimate arbiter—the voice of the people. (Hear, hear, and applause.) It was here, he thought, that chambers of commerce might very usefully intervene with advice and assistance, having at their command information and machinery for acquiring and testing such informa- tion, from practical and reliable s ources. But above all, he hoped that the great fiscal question would not be made the shuttlecock or the battlefield of political parties, but that the Government would approach it from a neutral point of view, and by means of an ex- haustive inquiry elicit all the information that could be obtained, and give time for party and personal feeling to subside in favour of imperial and national interests. Alluding to Bank Quay Sta- tion, the President said the Secretary had read a satis- factory letter so far as it went, but it was dated the 4th of March, and they had very nearly reached the 4th of March again. Personally he did not see that very much had been effected at the station, and he, therefore, sug- gested that another letter should be written to the authorities. If greater expedition could be used it would be more satisfactory to the chamber and to the town generally. They could congratulate themselves upon the representation they had on the Education Board, and if any particular body deserved representa- tion, where information and instruction could be given, it was a chamber such as their own, which merely met for the advantage and the instruction of the people at , large. They all, he said, regretted the death of Mr. Robert Garnett, a former president. Mr. Garnett was , a man who was very much respected, and he took a ; leading part in the work of the town and in trade and -' commerce generally. He was a useful member of the Chamber of Commerce, and he (the President) suggested that a letter of condolence should be sent to the widow I and family of the deceased.

The HON. SECRETARY promised that that should be done.

The PRESIDENT, continuing, alluded to the Congress at Montreal, and hoped the effect of the Congress would not be confined to that meeting, but that the informa- tion would be widespread and useful all over the Empire. He was sorry that chamber was not represented. He and others were unable to attend, but the exhaustive report which had been read brought them very !much into touch with all the objects of the Congress. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the Ship Canal, that was neither the time nor the place to discuss the question. Matters were pending, and they were in good hands in the Cor- poration, but as a consultative body they would be ready to give any advice and assistance they could to render help to the Corporation. (Hear, hear.) He thanked Mr. Parker for attending the annual meeting of the Associated Chambers of Commerce; he did so no doubt with pleasure, interest and instruc- tion. With respect to the widening of Warrington Bridge, he (the speaker) felt that of the two suggestions before them, the building of a permanent new bridge was the wisest course to take—(hear, hear)—because he could not help feeling that, even if the suggestion now made as to the widening of the footpaths, which would to a certain extent give more easy access, was agreed to, it would only be for a time, and it would to a certain extent be throwing away money, because in another decade, and that was but a short- time in the life of a town, the bridge would have to be taken up and a more comprehensive, and probably a much more important and worthy bridge, would have to be established. That was the view of the chamber, and if they could accentuate that view they would be prepared to do so. He moved the adoption of the report and the statement of accounts.

Mr. J. FULTON Smiim seconded, and observed that there were many sides other than those which had been mentioned in which the chamber could exercise an influence for the benefit of the trade of the town. Mr. PARKER said he wished New Zealand had,instead of giving the Ereference, reduced their duties. They all wished that. It was put in the report as if New Zealand had given them a reduction. The SECRETARY: I did not mean that. Perhaps I might alter a word or two in the report to express it differently. The motion was then carried. . • BOARD OF TRADE RETURNS. CONSTITUTION OF THE COUNCIL. "OUTSIDE MEMBERS TOO QUIET." Mr. KINGDON, alluding to the Board of Trade returns said it might be interestinsg, to the members to know, if they were not already aware of it, that they were ad- vised that certain other important 'additional informa- tion was shortly proposed. (Hear, hear.) The HON SECRETARY: Relating to local matters? Mr. KINGDOM : Chiefly dealing with the diffentiation of the countries of origin. The HON SECRETARY said the chamber felt the diffi- culties which prevented it exercising its full degree of usefulness. It was a fact that outside members were too quiet. They paid their subscrigtions, but they did not help them as much as they would like with sug- gestions and hints how,to make the chamber more gen- erally useful. Mr. WOODS: There is a difficulty in "getting manu- facturers to attend. The SECRETARY: Yes. Mr. GIBSON asked how many member d there were on the Council.

The §—E-C-R—BTARY.: We have ignored our rules with regard to the constitution of the Council. The number is limited by rule to 13, but it has gradually crept up, and now we have a large Council, hut not a thoroughly effective one. When we discuss the composition of the Council for the next year we might go into that matter. Mr. GIBSON thought the Council was a huge one for a small chamber like this, and it was probably one of the means of destroying the Interest of the other mem- bers when they selected about one-half, and nut them on the Council, others being left out in the cold. Mr. J. FULTON SMITII presented a report as the representative of the Chamber on the Education Com- mittee. The report will be found in another column. THE PRESIDENT AND MR. J. FULTON SMITH

===== 0002601_19040130_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THANKED.

Mr. PARKER, in moving a vote of thanks to the President and to Mr. Fulton Smith for their admirable addresses, alluded to the fiscal question, about which many of them differed very much, and very radically. It was desirable the country should have time to think the question well out before any radical change was adopted in their policy. He was pleased to hear Mr. Parr suggest a Royal Commission. A similar sugges- tion was made by the Duke of Devonshire the other day in Liverpool. Whatever their idea of politics might be, his suggestion should carry weight with the country, and if they could get the matter discussed apart from party politics, and brought before an authoritative Royal Commission, an amount of light would be brought to bear on the subject which it would be difficult el find in any other way. (Hear, hear.) He should like the Chambers of Commerce to press upon the Government the desirability of adopting the sug- gestion made by the Duke of Devonshire, and con- firmed by their President that morning. They were very grateful to Mr. Parr for having taken the office of President, and they were also pleased they had such a good representative as Mr. Smith on the Education Committee. His report showed that he had grasped the essential features of the problem of education.

No Breakfast Table complete without

Mr. GIBSON seconded and said he hoped that means would be adopted during the ensuing year by which the sympathy and active co-operation of the business firms of Warrington could be gained. He did not wish to criticise the past, but simply to throw outa suggestion for the future.

_ The SECRETARY put the resolution to a meeting, and it was carried unanimously. The PRESIDENT, in reply, said he had done his best to be useful, and if the chat-111er appreciated what he had done he was proud. Mr. FULTON SMITH also briefly replied, and said he believed they ought as a chamber to take very strong steps to make their influence felt on the Education Committee, because they had to depend upon the work- men of the future. 1,1 they were not properly trained the country would be no better for the education in the very places where it was wanted. ELECTION OF PRESIDENT. _ _ _ MR. PARR RE-ELECTED.

Mr PARR expressed a wish to be relieved of the office of president, as he felt he as no longer in the right place. He would, however, continue to take a deep interest in the work of the chamber. The SECRETARY suggested that Mr. Parr should con- tinue in office another year to preserve the continuity. It was usual for the president to accept office for a second year. _

Mr. ['AIM said there had been several opportunities during the year where a more active president than himself might not only have been useful at the confer- ences but also able to give information to the members when he came back. He thought someone more directly interested in business would be a more pseful president. He felt that he was not sufficiently strong to undertake the responsibility of the office. He, therefore, thought he might be allowed to retire.

Mr.-SmEniu • said they all appreciated very much the remarks wh had fallen from Mr. Parr, and were delighted to think that during the past year they had had the pleasure of his services to the chamber, but he did not agree with the remark that he wasnot interested in business. (Hear. hear.) He did not know many men who were as greatly interested in business and in the welfare of the borough as Mr. Parr, and if he would do them the honour of accepting office for another vear he could again assure him of the assistance he asked for last year and the assistance of the executive in all matters. He 'hoped Mr. Parr would see his way to serve another year. (Hear, hear). Mr. EDWIN ‘VOODS also hoped Mr. Parr would serve again, as he had always taken a great interest in the town and done much to advance its welfare. He agreed with what Mr. Smethurst had said about Mr. Parr's connection with business. Mr. Parr's investments must be connected with business.

Mr. PARR said he did not wish to dissociate himself with business in the slightest degree. Information reached other people which did not reach him, and he felt thaz not having sufficient knowledge, and not being in the way of acquiring that knowledge, he was not the proper man to preside over such a responsible chamber as that was and, he hoped, would be. He would be glad to assist the chamber in any other way. Mr. SMETHURST said the man who hesitated was lost. (Laughter.) Mr. Parr was thoroughly suitable for the position of president, and he moved his re- election. (Hear, hear.) This was seconded and carried unanimously. Mr. PARR, replying, stid he could only thank them for their kind and cordial opposition to his wishes. (Laughter.) He did not wish to retire where he could be of use. Hewished to acknowledge the assistance he had received from Mr. Parker, who was always ready to come to his aid.

VICE-PRESIDENT. Mr. PARKER proposed Mr. J. Fulton Smith as Vice- president. He said that gentleman had been a very active member of the executive for a number of years, and had always taken a keen interest in the, work of the chamber. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Woons seconded, remarking that he thought Mr. Smith would give every satisfaction. The proposition was carried nnaninaously. OTHER APPOINTMENTS. Mr. William Skinner (Parr's Bank, Ltd.), was re- appointed treasurer' and Mr. Thomas Tunstall, auditor. On the motion of Mr. SAIETHrRST, the officers were thanked for their services during the past year. Mr. GIBSON proposed that the firms composing the Council be re-elected. The SECRETARY remarked that some of them never attended a :Angle meeting. Mr. SMETHURST suggested that the Longford Wire and Iron Company and Mackie and Co., Ltd., be placed On the Council. - - -

This was agreed to, and the other rnemners of the Council were re-elected. . -- VOTES OF' THANKS!

Mr. PARR moved a vote of thanks to the Secretary. He said Mr. Bennett devoted a great deal of time and energy to the work and got together a great deal of la- formation.

Mr. GIFISON seconded and suggested that they might arrange for papers co be read and have, say, quarterly meetings. They would certainly prove beneficial, and would unite the members together. The vote was heartily carried.. The SECRETARY, in reply, expressed his thanks, and said he welcomed what Mr. Gibson had said, as he felt the chamber was not doing as mdch as it ought. He proposed a vote of thanks to the chairman. Mr. WOODS seconded, and said he thought they might call on a few of the non-attending gentlemen and in- duce them to take a more prominent part in the chamber's work. (Frear, hear.) The moon was carried. Mr. PARR returned thanks and the proceedings terminated.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
EPPS'S

GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.

COCOA

The Most Nutritious and Economical.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER STEP IN ADVANCE,

In no department of science has there been such con- tinued advance as that of the treatment and cure of disease. Yesterday, the world believed Diabetes an in- curable disease; to-day, the annduncement is made that a remedy has been discovered which will cure any case of diabetes.

--fti-e following statement is given as proof: Mr. George W. Bates of St. Thomas's Road, Derby, says :—" For two years Diabetes held me in its grip ! I had some of the best doctors in Derby and attended the Royal Infirmary for a long time without getting the slightest relief. I wasted away to a mere skeleton. I was so weak I could scarcely stand. In fact, I thought I was going to die. "But I am not dead, for Dodd's Pills have saved my life. From the first dose I 'began to improve, and within a few weeks I weighed nearly twelve stone. I am thankful that they have quite cured me. Igoto my work now regularly from 5.30 to 5.30 and don't feel the least bit tired when the day is over.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. The Ship Canal Bill.

The monthly meeting of this authority was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday morning under the presi- dency of Mr. S. Woodward. There were also present: —Messrs. G. Piling (vice chairman), T. Wright, J. B. Chadwick, A. Guest, C. E. Linaker, T. Baxter, T. Darlington, J. Stokes J. Spruce, J. Bolshaw, J. L. Jones, J. Mounfield, J. Moseley Williams, J. Edwards T. Clarke, T. Antwis, C. Roylance, J. Whitlow, E. Bretherton,J.W.Bagulev R.Billington,with Messrs. G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. .1-fough (deputy clerk), Dr. Adams (medical officer of health), Messrs. J. Swinton and W. Diggle (surveyors), and W. Farrington (inspector of nuisances).

ELLESMERE-ROAD, STOCKTON HEATH. The Council approved the minutes of the Stockton Heath Parochial Committee which included a recom- mendation that the County Council be asked to flag the South side of Ellesmere-road.

, WESTON SEWERAGE WORKS. At a meeting of the Weston Parochial Committee, the Clerk produced plans and estimates for sewerage works prepared by Mr. Diggle and a committee was appointed to consider the scheme. A tender submitted by the Kastner-Kelner Company for the lighting of the village will be further considered at a future meeting of the committee. .The minutes were approved.

TUBERCULOSIS. The Clerk to the County Council forwarded a circular prepared by the County Medical Officer of Health and the Chief Veterinary Inspector, giving particulars of

rOactlet

. . u et _27 I re e diDd Rheumatism, ' Bronchitis, Colt% Strains, and • , Tired Muscles. IN TUBES 11,1. • 441:'..4•.z•;a:f,„" • ' ;, • •

===== 0002601_19040130_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
the symptoms of tuberculosis hi living animals and O. appea,rance of the carcases when dead.

HILL CLIFFE LIGHTING.-LETTER FROM MR. H. ROBERTS. The Clerk read a letter from Mr. H. Roberts, of " Kingsley," Hill Cliff e, Warrington who, writing under date 29th December, 1902, suggested that, as the Council had now placed additional gas lamps on the Northwich-road above London Bridge, Stockton Heath, an opportunity arose of extending the lighting into Windmill-lane, the approaches to which, he contended were in a dangerouscondition. He requested that the Council would take early steps to improve both the state of the road and the approaches to it. Mr. Pilling considered that Mr. Roberts was asking for too much. The Council had gone to the full extent of the gas main and if they did as Mr. Roberts sug- gested it would require about half a mile of additional main off the main road. He did not see how they could do anything in the matter at present. In the course of the discussion it was pointed out that the cost of extra lamps would devolve upon the parish. Mr. Billington pointed out that some few years ago two lamps were erected and the Appleton Parish Coun- cil refused to pay for them. Consequently the lamps were taken down. Recently at the request of occupants of new houses in the neighbourhood more lamps were erected, although no request was receive(' from the Parish Council. He understood many ratepayers were not -satisfied with what had been done and he did no think the Council ought to extend the main any further Ir. Darlington pointed out that new property had b4en erected and this had largely increased the ratable value. He therefore thought the refluest was deserving of some consideration.

Mr. Piling agreed that the assessment had increased very considerably of late and it would continue to do so almost every month. He did not, however, see why the Council should extend the main until more property was erected on the road. _ _

Mr. S-IN-Tin-ti;;; ;id Windmill-lane was not in very good. order. It had not been much used until new property was recently erected. He could provide for an im- provement in his estimates for the coming year. The Clerk was instructed to inform Mr. Roberts that the matter was receiving the consideration of the Council.

TRE ROADS AT NORLEY. The Clerk made a statement in regard to damage alleged to have been done to the roads at Norley in c9bnection with recent Liverpool water undertakings. AUessrs. Holme and King, the contractors, had been un- able to come to terms with the surveyor on the matter and they would not now agree to the ap- pointment of an independent surveyor to assess the damage. He had communicated with the Town Clerk of Liverpool who replied that he had noticed the attitude taken up by th 6 contractors with regard to the re-instatement of roads. The Water Com- mittee were not in a position, having regard to their obligations to their contractors, to come to any settle- ment with the Rural Council and under these circum- stances the best thing would be for the Board to pro- ceed in the ordinary course. On the motion of Mr. Woodward it was decided that the roads be repaired and the account forwarded to the Liverpool authorities.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON ROAD IMPROVEMENT.

Mr. Guest moved the rescinding of a resolution passed on December Ist. "That subject to the surveyor being able to obtain a portion of the garden in front of Mr. Tinsley's house, the roadway in front of and adjoin- ing the Roman Catholic School, Weston, be widened in accordance with plans laid before the Council by the surveyor at a cost of £2O Bs. 3d. ; and in the event of the portion of the garden being unob- tainable the roadway be widened in accordance with the suggestions of the Parochial Committee at a cost of £l6 Bs. 3d." He pointed out that up to the present they had been unable to obtain the corner of the garden but the committee were desirous that the full amount should be expended on the improvement. The High- ways Committee had agreed to the proposal at a. previous meeting. Mr. Antwis seconded. After considerable discussion the resolution was carried.

THE SHIP CANNI. BILL.

Mr. Linaker reported that the sub-committee appointed to consider the Manchester Ship Canal Bill had inspected some of the outfalls which would be affected. After- wards they met Mr. Hunter and the Company's solicitors in Manchester and it was agreed that clauses should be submitted by the company for the approval of the Council. Tt was coasidered advisable that the Clerk Should see the Parliamentary agents and as he (Mr. Linaker) had to go to London on other business Mr. Ashton accompanied him. They saw the agents and submitted the clauses Prepared by the company which they thought wanted a little enlargement. The committee had passed a resolu- tion that the necessary clauses be obtained if possible; and it was hoped to have an undertaking from the com- pany that the clauses would be inserted in the Bill be- fore the next meeting. Failing that, the clerk had been instructed to prepare a petition to lodge if neces- sary. The Council must do their utmost to protect the outfalls. The company admitted that many outfalls would be seriously affected and they seemed perfectly willing to meet the Council in a friendly spirit. The Council was guile as friendly towards the company. The chairman, vice-chairman, the clerk, and himself had been instructed to engage an engineer in connection with the Bill if necessary. The minutes were confirmed. -

Mr. J. S.Jeacock, Clerk to the Norton Parish Council wrote stating that the Council at their last meeting had inspected the plans, &c., contained in the proposed new Bill of the Manchester Ship Canal Company when it was resolved that the District Council be applied to to watch the interests of the parish of Norton with re- spect to the outfalls of the drains, &c., so that there might be no interference with the drainage of the parish.

ELECTRICITY I,ND POWER GAS BILL. The Chairman presented a report in reference to this Bill. In the original allocation of the costs of the opposi- tion by the Association of Rural and Urban District Councils the charge against the Council was £77.As the result of an arrangement .arrived at at a further confer- ence the contribution had been reduced to £45.

The Clerk was instructed to ask the promoters of the new Bill to be introduced, for the insertion of a clause protecting the Council in regard to their roads. PRESTON-W-TIV-HILL AND DUTTON WATER SUPPLY. On the motion of Mr. Pilling it was resolved "That Messrs. Timmins's scheme for a water supply for the parishes of Preston•o'-th'-Hill and Dutton from the Vwyrny mains, amounting to £BB7 3s. id. be approved. That the Dutton length be extended as far as the Work- house that the portion thereof as far as the site for the new hospital be constructed immediately at the expense of the Council up to £420, and that application be made to the Local Government Board for a loan of £550 for the further works required."

FINANCE.

Mr. Wright reported that the balance in hand on Member 29th was £826 9s. 10d., and the receipts during the month had been £9BB 6s. 9d. The cheques drawn that day amounted to £1,847 10s. 11d., leaving a debit balance of £32 14s. 4d. Had the call from Moore been paid there would have been a balance in hand. Payments in connection with Helsby sewerage works absorbed a large. sum.

Mr. Baxter iaid a great amount of money seemed to have been spent in cartinr, about Stockton Heath. Four farmers had received between them £l7 for this work, and he contended that stricter supervision should be exercised over labour and carting on the roads. Mr. Swinton pointed out that the only payment for Stockton Heath alone was £l3. The farmers named had done carting in other parishes. The report was. adopted. • HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT. . .

".“.•.• • Dr. Adams reported that during the month there had been a case of diphtheria at Stockton Heath, a case of scarlet fever at Norley, and two clses of scarlet fever in the Workhouse. It was suspected that the source of infection at the Workhouse was several parcels sent to the children from outside friends during Christmas time. The children attacked by the disease were the only ones who received parcels. Cases of anthrax at Weston Point and4ton (2) had been notified. The Chairman expressed the opinion that one of the cases at Acton was not anthrax, but Dr. Adams said he received his information from the police who relied upon the veterinary surgeon.

THE AUDIT.

A notice was received from Mr. F. M. Adams, county 'auditor, fixing the date of the half-yearly audit of the accounts of the Council for Ist February at Dutton Workhouse.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
NOBLE'Si -GREA

SA

HN NOBLE Ltd 106 Brook St. Mills, Manchester:

===== 0002601_19040130_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Royal Wedding.—lt is nearly thirteen years since the last Royal wedding at Windsor Castle, where the marriage of Princess Alice of Albany, and Prince Alexander of Teck is to take place on February 10th. This will be the sixty-fourth anniversary of the wedd- ing of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert, which was ?solemnised at the Chapel Royal in St. James' Palace. There were only five Royal weddings at Windsor Castle during Queen Victoria's reign,. including that of the puke and Duchess of Albany in 1882. Princess Alice will have the two daughters of the Duke and Duchess of Connaught as her principal bridesmaids,and the little °nes will include Princess Mary of Wales who is not Yet quite seven, and this will be her first undertaking as a bridesmaid. • . .

A Pretty Custom.—The late Queen introduced the Pretty custom of planting a sprig of myrtle taken from the wedding wreath or bouquet of a Royal bride. When the Princess Royal was married in 1858, a sprig was carefully culturea, and from this tree a cutting has figured in the floral decorations at all the Royal weddings that have since taken place. There is a fine Specimen of myrtle planted by Queen Victoria at Osborne House in 1873, on the marriage of her grand- daughter Princess Charlotte of Prussia, and though Osborne is no longer a Royal residence, sprigs from this tree will no doubt figure.in the wreath or bouquet Carried by Princess Alice.

Royaltyand Rates.—The bouquet fora Royal wedding is always made up by a firm of Windsor florists and it may be readily imagined that the Royal borough greatly 'welcomes such an event in the Royal Family. It fills the Castle with guests, and means not a little to the People of Windsor in the way of business. At the same time though Windsor owes so much to Royal favour, the borough has on more than one occasion measured Swords with the authorities at the Castle. It had a Memorable dispute with Prince Consort, who objected te.pay rates for the Flemish Farm. and in the end it gained the day, though not before the comic papers, dFew harrowing pictures of the bailiffs being in posses- sion of Windsor Castle. After that the rates were alvmys pod, as is done now, but they are paid volun- tarily and not asa legal liability. Dollars for Social Position.—Up to thirty years ago la belle Americaine," wasa comparative stranger to l'ondon Society, and until then, says a writer in one of the New York papers, she never though of buying social 13,0sition with her dollars. It is a sore point with many A -mericans that their great heiresses should marry and settle down in this country, and, according to them, it the wicked wife hunters from this side who are to lame. Evil communications corrupt good manners,a,nd we are told that " American women for the most part lived simple Christian lives, until they came into rela- toll with English Society. It should be interesting to now what our American peeresses think of these re- criminations. Since Mrs George Cornwallis West—then LadY Randolph Churchill—made her debut, they have rifled so many conquests as not to be altogether free ora jealousy for taking partners from British girls. Dowry by Weight.—The American parents' who are .B.ocused of unnatural conduct in selling their daughters !or a title, are simple folks compared with the more OUsinesslike citizen of Berlin who has announced his intention of disposing of his daughters by weight. In the East, and with many of the uncivilised races, the fatter the maiden the more she is sought after, but this rule is generally reversed amongst Western nations, and the father announced that he would give each of his five daughters a dowry proportionate to their weight ma their wedding day. This soon brought suitors, and ene being accepted, he was introduced to the family. After a week he chose the stoutest of the five, to whom he was married the other day, and the lady, weighing n stone, received the largest dowry. The dreaded Crinoline.—Accordine to Messrs. Paquin, we need not fear the renewal of the crinoline. Many Women seem to have looked upon the introduction of narrow bands of flexible metal in some of the latest skirts, as the thin end of the wedge, but we are assured by the great Parisian firm that we have nothing to dread in this direction. We still have with us, the softest of soft clinging fabrics, artistically draped, and we are well aware of the value of this partictilar style ever to part with Lit again. Quite a new stuff, is a compromise between crepon and crepe de chine, called crepe de soie. This wears excellently and is by no means so costly as crepe de chine. Then there is the new chiffon-voile a heavier and more durable make of chiffon, which if carefully manipulated, washes well. That exquisite fabric chiffon-velours is enjoying an immense vogue, and is perhaps the most becoming and delightful material we have yet had offered us. Evening Bodices.—Regarding the cut of evening bodices, this is more varied than ever, but the Victorian Style prevails. The wise woman however, will not be guided by the fashion plates and her dressmaker, but Will study her figure impartially, and then endeavour to Make the best of it. The best plan is to drape some soft material before a glass arranging it first one way and then another, and consider well the results. Having found a style that really suits one, it is best to remain faithful to it, modifying it from time to time as occa- aion arises. Queen Alexandra has followed this rule all her life with the result that Her Majesty is the best dressed woman in the kingdom. The Bridal Veil.—Many and various are the ways in Which recent brides have arranged their veil and wreaths but neQrly all seem to have agreed on banishing the 'veil which falls over the face. One idea is to arrange the veil in the old-fashioned way, the front drapery 'being considerably shorter than the back, which should ithnost fall to the edge of the train. Over this the wreath is Placed, and the front drapery thrown back over it. &lather idea is to gather the two ends of one side of the square into soft, becoming chou.r, and fix these on tithor side of the somewhat highly arranged coiffure. lc et another notion is to catch a veil so arranged, up on to one or both shoulders, and from thence allow it to over the train. But the first idea is the most be- coming, and desirable in every way. 'he Fur Toque.—The sable toque—so much in evidence—has always proved a little unbecoming to ,e,wners of dark brown hair, but the happy notion of a 'lee of white, or color, between the hair and the toque, ,Lelakes it possible for the brunette. Flower toques are "e in g built for early spring wear, but comparatively few spring flowers are being utilised for them. We have ceased to symbolise the season of the year by the flowers we wear in our hats and toques. Fish and Cancer.—One of the latest theories of the Zifiin of cancer attributes this terrible disease to fish. .:•,ae investigations carried out by the Cancer Research fund, have resulted, it is said, inthe discovery of cancer 'n flak and if that is so. it may lead to a similar scare as exists with .regard to oysters and typhoid. That oYsters are the most common cause of typhoid isbeyond all question, but it will be much less readily believed eat fish cause cancer, though it is supposed that salt may perhaps have something to do with the disease. There is, however, nothing as yet to shew that cancer is more prevalent amongst large fish eaters than amongst ' other classes. The fishermen and their families mostly 'Live upon the produce of the sea, and yet it has never (ieon asserted that they suffer more than any other People float cancer. MAD GE.

Washday

Use Fels-Naptha and go by the book—addressed to women who don't yet.

There's money in it: 'according' to how much money there •is in Your clothes, your wash clothes.

Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson street London E C

===== 0002601_19040130_art0102.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_...AiIIIIIMEN.-__

===== 0002601_19040130_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONS OF TO-rdilY.

The weather in our little island at this sea- son of the year leaves much to be desired as we are for the most part subjected to much rain and piercing winds with only occasional brief interludes of sunshine. These climatorial vagaries are certainly not conducive to light- ness of heart, :for alas, too many of us, if for- tunate enough to escape the fiend influenza, find ourselves victimised by colds and coughs. When, however, the clouds lift and the winds are lulled we fairly revel' in all the too fleeting sunshine and ponder as to how and in what manner we shall clothe ourselves when the weather becomes brighter and more settled and heav ysand sombre garb may be cast aside for smarter and newer garb. It is, of

course, much too early to speak definitely as to the spring modes, for no one has yet any real knowledge on the subject_a,nd we can only meantime enjoy the pleasures of anticipation. The shops have not yet recovered from the annual sales and there are still so-called bar- gains to be obtained at some, but unless the articles are washable they will not be worth buying, for in the past few weeks they have not escaped being soiled by constant handling. Ribbons and trimmings of all kinds are, how- ever, quite worth investing in and are being sold at really greatly reduced prices,. while underwear of all sorts will always be found useful. Sometimes undergarments which have been previously exhibited in the window, and are therefore soiled, can be purchased very cheap, and after a visit to the laundry are as good as ever. The smart toilette depicted is made with one of the fashionable capes. The material is smooth surfaced navy blue cloth trimmed only with stitched bands of silk to match, and a double row of small round gold buttons down the front. The skirt has a spring at the foot

I# .67 .1•,..4 1 0 el": 4 \,5,,,T,;.;•!'' , ,f • i 4 1 i \ \ 1 j , i\rl 411- ' ' IT , t 'I) • , if 111 1 ' I i i

A SMART TOILETTE

--, -. .r flillNi.,. i l'es:, W- Pc,S7J.J.t,:f '''Z' 7- Ale `lN- _ir (I' l'• 0 1:-'' I ,-1 4 " ~, ~ , , iP,-* 1 i. ,l'Aie, , ~ 41 \ ( /; i V / : \‘V,_ '/ ill" 11, , 11/if / / / i //a .., .

===== 0002601_19040130_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY BLOUSE

given by inserted pleats, and the hat Is of felt trimiged with a large silk bow. The style is one Edited to a girl of sixteen or seventeen years of age. Many of the smartest costumes at present are made with one or more capes, although the single tape is perhaps the most chic. The success of the cape, of course, depends on its cut and fit. In no case, how- ever, are the capes lower than the elbow line. Some coats are made with a three-caped tippet turned back either side in front with revers, while others have a single cape with a narrow embroidered stole arranged flatly round the neck and extending down the front either to or just below the waist line. Some, again, take the form of a crossover, disappear- ing intet narrow points at the waist. Em- broidered fichus and cape-like collars are also worn on blouses, to which they give a dressy appearance. Fortunate indeed is the girl' who has some of these charming accessories laid "y among family relics as they are no* in- valuable oand can be taken into immediate wear.

The pretty blouse shown in my second sketch is finished round the decolletage by a dainty lace berthe which falls over the shoul-

ders, while it is finished in front by a hand- some and soft bow of pale pink silk crepe. The blouse itself is of very pale mauve and is simply made, its colour being carefully selected so as to harmonize and not clash ;with the tones of the pink bow. The loose sleeves are finished at the wrists by turning back lace cuffs which match the lace berthe. Embroi- dered lawn fichus and cuffs are precious heir- looms and indeed now is the time when one should overhaul their old stores of lace and trinkets as among them will be found many treasures which the ever-revolving wheel of fashion has again brought into vogue. The beauty of many of these old-time articles of bigotiterie make them a fortune in themselves for we nowadays appreciate the true artistic value of dress as well as the mere fashionable- ness thereof. There are also dainty embroi- dered collars and cravats which give a neat and smart finish to a plain morning shirt of flannel or cashmere.

Very picturesque indeed is the charming hat depicted made of white felt bordered with brown fur and with a sweeping ostrich feather curling over the brim at the back, on to the hair of the wearer. The style is an exceeding-'!, ly becoming one to most faces and is well suited to the present modes of dress. The tricorne and marquise hats are still much in vogue in felt and velvet, bordered in some instances with fur. As yet, however, the millinery modes show few novelties worthy of note and we must content ourselves with Things as they are and await further devcieß. meats.

COQUa

- - ----- ,e; .....4..---..,".V.. 3.5.1.49., ;,:-.:.-----_-. _ , •,•,,,,, \ &•:/' '‘ iii;\ :, ' It\et "*l.4Vv: tsW , • ~. . - I , . ,la .. 4' , •••-r..\ (.1417 '4. • \ • 1...

A PICTURESQUE HAT.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
THE FARMERS AND

===== 0002601_19040130_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CHAMBERLAIN.

COLONIAL v. BRITISH INTERESTS.

FREE TRADE AND PROSPEROUS

===== 0002601_19040130_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
AGRICULTURE

LZAFLET No. 39 issued by the Tariff Reform League informs us that:

Mr. Chamberlain wants two things. The first thing he wants is to buy from our Colonies as far as possible instead of from foreigners. The second thing he wants is to take care, whilst dc!:iing with the Colonies, not to increase the cost of living • to any working man, woman, and child in the kingdom.

If Mr. Chamberlain really wants the second of these, then Mr. Chamberlain wants two very opposite things. Ile has told us that "IF WE GIVE A PREFERENCE TO THE COLONIES WE MUST PUT A TAX UPON FOOD." Very well, you cannot put a tax upon food without increasing the cost of food to every man, woman, and child in the kingdom.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
Colonial Competition.

BUT Mr. Chamberlain tells us that under his scheme the Colonies will be able to supply us with all the food we require, and to send it in such large quantities that, in spite of the tax, it will not cost us tiny more. Now if this were to happen vthat would it mean ? It would mean that our markets would be so flooded with Colonial corn that the Colonies would be able to undersell the British grower. Would that help British agriculture ? Mr. Chamberlain's scheme would offer the Colonies special terms to compete with our own farmers' produce. Farmers grumble at foreign competition, but it is nothing to what Colonial competition would be if Mr. Chamberlain had his way.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Cattle

IT is always important to remember that 68 percent. of our British farms are under fifty acres in extent. These farmers make their living by rearing cattle, and by markat gardening. Mr. Chamberlain's scheme would, while increasing the sale of 'Colonial meat, also increase the price of feeding stuffs for British cattle, and so make cattle-breeding unprofitable. Then his general scheme of taxing everybody would increase prices to such an extent that the working classes would be able to buy less and less from the market gardener. •

Small Holdings. WE have seen that an increase in the price of corn would mean hardship for small holders. Not only would a rise• in the price of corn render unprofitable many agricultural in- dustries which are now flourishing, but it would offer a direct inducement to landlords once more to drive the poorer man off the iand in order to add field to field and secure high rents for farms of large area. On the other hand, if Free Trade is maintained, the small farmer can face the future without anxiety. With the decreasing price of bread the consumption of all articles of a more luxurious character, such as milk, butter, eggs, poultry, fruit, and vegetables, will increase, as it has increased since the fall of corn prices.

The Free Trade Remedy. FREE TRADERS are taunted with having no remedy for agricultural depression. ,There is no truth in the taunt. Our remedy is to place the men upon the land. We do not believe in trying to reproduce prairie farms in England. Where a large farm will fail we can put men on the land, under. fair conditions, and succeed. We have abundant evidence •of success of small holdings in Lincolnshire and Norfolk. We are prepared to advocate the extension of small holdings throughout the country.

Successful Agriculture and Free Trade. WHAT nonsense it is to talk of agriculture being a lost industry when foreign butter fetches a bigger price in our markets than British butter! Butter is not the only thing where WE ARE BEATEN BY THE FOREIGNER SIMPLY BECAUSE WE ARE NOT UP TO DATE IN OUR LAND SYSTEM AND METHODS. Last year we imported: £20,299,000 worth of Butter £6,255,000 „ „ Cheese - £6,284,000 „ „ Eggs £4,242,000 „ „ Lard 213,110,000 „ „ Bacon £8,042.000 „ „ Beef £3,738,000 „ „ Hams £6,906.000 „ „ Mutt ,n £1,723,000 „ „ Pork £1,037,000 „ „ Poultry £4,404,950 „ „ Other meats £3,325,000 „ „ Vegetables T is a total of £79,855,000 worth of produce which could be produced in this country if men were put on the land to produee it. Little Denmark is able to make agriculture a success why cannot we in England?

Denmark's Secret of Success. WILY Is it that Denmark is the most successful agricultural country in the world? Because Denmark is a country of small hold- ings and Free Trade. Denmark not only supplies her own needs, but exported during the years 1896 and 1900 (the last year we have figures for) : Produce. 1896. 1900. Eggs £550,000 ... £1,000,000 Bacon ... £2,111,000 ... £3,278,000 'Butter ... £5,167,000 ... £6,667,000 Meat ... Z 208,000 ... £708,000 Agriculture on the Denmark small holdings has grown more prosperous each year.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Pro(perity Without Protection.

• DENMARK does all this without Protection. She imports her feeding-stuffs free of duty, and is not protected in apy way. The remedy for British agriculture is a thorough revision of our land system, and a sweeping reform in our railways. When we can get men tlie land without any difficulty, when rel. 3 are fair and railway rates are low, we sha see agriculture flourishing in Great Britain as it flourishes in Denmark. But it is thc interest of the landed proprietors to try and persuade agriculturists that their only remedy is Protection.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAUGHTS.

The following League Match was played at the War- rington rooms on Monilay. Wins. Warrington Draws Fletcher's Wins. 2 F. Dunne — J. Hamblett 0 1 W. Warburton... 1 M. Royle 0 O F. Warburton ... J. Walker 2 1 W. Nattrass — W. Trigger O G. P. Dunne ... J. Blackburne . O J. H. Dunne — J. Connolly. ....... . .... 2 1 J. Dixon

CAIRO-STREET V. CROSFIED'S. This match was played at Cairo-street on Wednes- day, the result being : CAIRO-STREET. CROSFIELD'S. Wins. 0

Wins. Draws. I W. Bell

1 F. Wright 2 J. Gwen . 0 H. Bell 2- W. Potter 0 W. E. Clegg 0 2 H. Richardson 0 A. Williams 2 A. Rutter 2 G. Hamblett 0 R. Nolland 1 E. Plinaton . 2 C. Isherwood hir,a,.- - 15 fiyiv.„.l 1 'Ail. 1 2

===== 0002601_19040130_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR JOHN BRUNNER AND THE

FISCAL QUESTION.

Sir John Brunner, M.P., addressed a Liberal meeting held at Chester on Tuesday evening in furtherance of the candidature at the next general election of Mr. Mond. He remarked that whereas in France, Germany, and the United States manufacturers were extremely rich—in America rich to a degree which had never before been known in the history of the world—the great mass of the people were not prosperous. They were much poorer, ill-red, and ill-clothed than the corresponding classes in this country. If they adopted Mr. Chamberlain's policy, the price of every article that went in their homes would be raised. If a man had to pay an extra 10 per cent for his articles he would, of course, buy 10 per cent less from the shopkeepers, and the latter would lose to that extent. A policy that did not result in higher prices would have fewer advocates. (Hear, hear.) They should not believe that other countries were prospering with Protection. True it made manufacturers very wealthy, but the taxes on necessities were levied by people who would not feel them. He had reckoned that it had taken Mr. Andrew Carnegie thirty years to accumulate forty millions. He (Sir John) divided that over the average population of the United States, and he found that if each one of them had only paid eightpence per head per annum it would amount to Mr. Camegie's fortune. Nobody would feel the extra eightpenee on their taxation, but the fact that it was not felt did not make it morally right. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Chamberlain's policy simply meant legalised pocket-picking. (Applause). If they adopted Mr. Chamberlain's policy they must say good- bye to honesty in public life, awl he prayed to God it might never show its head in this country. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19040130_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
2,500 FOR PERSONAL INJURIES.

Through the negligence of the drivers of a tram and a 'bus belonging respectively to the London United Tramways and the London General Omnibus Company, a collision occurred and the 'bus overturned. One of the passengers who sustained injuries was a Mrs. Phillips, of Chiswick. who has since become a mental and physical wreck. She and her husband were awarded on Tuesday, before Mr. Justice Grantham, damages to the amount of £2,500 against the two companies besides £420 expenses.

From the evidence given at the inquest at Wigton, on Tuesday on the body of Mr. Nordaunt Lawson, third son of Sir ‘Vilfrid Lawson,M.P., it appeared that death had resulted from prussic acid poisoning, self-adminis- tered whilst journeying in a first-class railway carriage from Carlisle to Wigton on Monday night.

ELASTIC STOCKINGS, KNEE CAPS &C. For YAHOO. Veins and all comes of Weakness and dwelling of the Leg Sprains, &a. They are porous, light in texture, and inex Pensive and are drawn on like an ordinary stocking.—Prices 4s 6d, 75 6d. and 104 6d, each. Postage free.—WniTE AND WRIGHT, t.urgical Instrument and Truss Makers. 98, Ren.haw street. LiverpooL—Aa,- CLARKE'S h 41 P1L7.43 are warratasux to cure' ui sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains In the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties DrogOompany. Lincoln.—

FLORILINE i—YOB THE TEETH AND.BREATH...- I.l.,Grourrty cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prevunts tastar. stops decay, and giVei ito the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragranoe to the breath. Price Ss. 6& for the liquid, or Is. per jar for the Floriline "wrowder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— /fiat VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE AAIR,—It your hair is turningi,grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN Ilna RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white.hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charraingiy beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3s fid per bottle.—Ad To fdeentEßs.—Mrs. Wins low's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their zhildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the renrsufterer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and producee,patura/ ovietaieep, oy relieving the child from pain and the little ohenib awakes "as b.ight as a button." Of all Chemists ls led per bottle. -Advt.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR THE BLOOD r.S THE LIFE

CLARKE'S woilLoAmEo

===== 0002601_19040130_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
BLOOD MIXTURE

THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS.

"We have seen hosts of letters from people who Day received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estoimated. for it cleanses and clear' the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the ?amity Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood gurifier that science and skill have brought tc sight,and we can with the utmost oonfidence recommend it o our subscribers and the publics generally."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blcxx, Diseases. Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvallous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and 11$. each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIRS DRUG COMPANY 1:;COLN. Beware of worthless imitictions.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
RITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No. 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used in the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. Once tried, always wanted. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW boon ever offered to the Laundress for

parting an Ivory Finish to starched Linen.Laces.etc It does not stick to spider-web-llke materials. Sold everywhere in Packets at id.. 3d.. and 6d.. each.

431 a,q\ktii/ The greatest

===== 0002601_19040130_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPARED ONLY BY

T. eßurenLiii:iii;iiii-si:SLACKI3I3IIN. 7, Whiter.--er kreet, London, B.C.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
HARDY S BROMPTON CONSUMPTION & COUGH SPECIFIC

For Coughs, Colds and Lung Complaints. gives instant relief and cer. tam n cure. rieesant to take. iiigbly recommended by the medical profession. Prepared by GEO HARDY, late of the Brompton Hospital. Price Is lid, 2s 9c1,4s 6d, Us, of all Chemists, or post I free. HARDY'S BROMPTON COUGH LOZENGES, (the genuine), in boxes only, (never sold loose.) Bach lozenge stamped Harly., Price Is lid. Depot: 6, Gray's Inn road, W.C. (Bsablished nearly a century at Brompton.)

===== 0002601_19040130_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NRW FRENCH REMEDY.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

E

E

C

H

A

I'

I

S

Possess the following qualities in a high degree :

rHERAPI()N• Thpisu;;aurccreessmineldyrdashigehmly: ployod in the Continental Hospitals by Rleord Rostan,Jobert Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots,blotches, pains and 'swelling of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary disease-strictar discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheumatism,gout- sleeplessnescnervous and physical exhaustion,etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2 and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send ,stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to

MR. 11: JOHNSON 43, HOLFORD-SQUARE. LONDO

M

S

El

===== 0002601_19040130_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
•

L

L

They STRENGTHEN the STOMACH They REGULATE the BOWELS They PURIFY and ENRICH the BLOOD They give TONE to the whole NERVOUS SYSTEM, co BEECHAM'S PILLS origin, n itlinbutd:rig eipoufrefliyiin‘e,er gal oetailemeta.lldic - - - - beneficent and sure.

They will restore you to health if you give them a chance.

BEECHAM'S PILLS have ever enjoyed the confidence of Ladles for the ailments peculiar to their sex.

Sold Everywhere in Boxes, price ls. Id. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. (168 Pills) with full directions.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE.

GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

NOTHING TO EQUAL THEM

130, ffolmley-terrace, Dronfield, Nr. Sheffield, October 23rd. 1902.

Dear Sir.—l am sending you my testimonial for your Pills I think they ...re the finest things in the world, and have received great bet.efit from taking them. I have also recom- mended them to all my friends, who have been greatly relieved by them. I shall continue to take your Pills when necessary, and will recommend them whenever I can. have tried eeveral others, bet have not found any to;;equal. yours.

Your truly, JAMBS BROWBS.

EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are pnteetly safe in their nation, eliminate all injuriou matter, and are highly restorativ.e —--._ . . _ _ _

Sold everywhere in Bottles, -1$: lid. and 2s. 9d.„ or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE R&D% 232, laoswell-road, London,

HEUMATIC PILLS.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, W ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used but COCKLE'S PILLS as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best. —Observer.

eoeKLE's FREE FROM MERCURY,

• • A i• •

===== 0002601_19040130_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTIBILIOUS -PILLS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER ACIDITY,_ INDIGESTION, Eic,

===== 0002601_19040130_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19040130_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

Authors or letters intended for publication must mall cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on one skit only of the paper and sent in, if possible,not later than Thursday.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
The Co-operative Society.

Sir,—As one who is very much interested in the Warrington Co-operative Society I wish to express to you my sincere thanks for the kind allusion to it which appeared in last Saturday's "Examiner." I am sure the members are well pleased with the services Mr. Thomas Birchall has rendered for so many years, and they will heartily agree in his re-appointment as President, hoping he may continue to render valuable service for many years. But I am afraid that the one person who is really the most deserving of praise was quite unintentionally omitted from your complimentary leaderette. Those who are at all acquainted with the growth of this most successful society must be well aware that to the Manager and Secretary, Mr. A. H. Rathbone, the chief credit is due. In my opinion he is one of the most modest of men, and would leave him- self out of any reference he might be called upon to make respecting the society for which he has laboured for 40 years. I think it is due to him, seeing that perhaps not a sixtieth part of the members attend the quarterly meet- ings that an expression of great gratitude should be given to one who, in season and out, vary early and late, has devoted his life to the building up of a society whose benefits are now far reaching, and bene- ficially affect probably 20,000 of the inhabitants of this town. May he also be spared to continue his work and to feel that he still possesses that great esteem inwhich he has long been held in the hearts of the people.— Yours &c., __January 29th, 1904.

A MEMBER.

, [We are grateful to "A member" for pointing out the omission we were unintentionally guilty of last week. Mr. Hornby Rathbone should certainly not be over- looked in apportioning honour where honour is dues —ED. "Ex."]

===== 0002601_19040130_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
The National Service League.

Sir,—The enclosed letter Wll., written by the under- signed Directors a few days back, and sent to the Secretary of the National Service League,who inserted it in/the principal London papers. As we think this should be of interest to people living inWarrington we should esteem it a favour if you would kindly insert it in your next Saturday's issue. Yours faithfully, for JOSEPH CRO,FIELD AND SONS, LTD.

_ G. R. CROSFIELD. Sir.—Whilst we have watched with groat interest and sympathy the growth of the National Service League in our town,' and have also read .r eports of its work throughout the country, we have been struck by the fact that no notice has been taken of the very great benefits which might be obtained from a commercial and manufacturing point of view as the result of the adoption of the proposals of the league, and thus we venture to address these few lines to you. Everybody who takes an interest in commercial matters knows that we have been, and are being, beaten in many trades in this country mainly on account of the superior education and knowledge of our Foreign competitors. Professor Dewar has stated that the standard of education of the German people is two generations ahead of us. Their extraordinary commer- cial expansion and success is admittedly due mainly to the mental development of the whole nation, and this has been caused by the stimulous,to education produced by certain military advantages, including partial exemption from service given to all who have reached a given standard of education. It is difficult to estimate the immense value which this directand strong inducement to the youth of the country to work and educate themselves has been to the manufacturing and commercial interests of our continental competitors. If we are not ultimately to be much more seriously outdistanced as a manufacturing country, it is absolutely essential that we should lose no time in raising our general standard of education. Although the proposals of the National Service Leagne, as regards service, are very moderate, still they present an opportunity for creating an incentive to all the youth of this country, rich and poor alike, to acquire a higher standard of educational efficiency, thus providing us in the future with captains of our industries—who are so badly needed—backed up by a more capable and intelligent rank and file. _ _

One point which, as manufacturers, we should like specially to emphasize is the necessity for almost uni- versal improvement in discipline on the part of em- ployees. The annual training of the youth of Great Britain which would follow the adoption of the pro- posals of the National Service League would largely meet this want. _ _ - -

We welcome then most cordially the advent of the National Service League as giving an opportunity for improvement in the directions we have indicated above and which may be briefly summarised under the three following headings : (1) Discipline; 2) Physical development ; (3), Mental development; and unless we progress in these three respects, no Fiscal policy yet invented, whether Free Trade or Protectiop, will save the country from being left behind in the race for commercial supremacy. —Yours faithfully, (Signed) J. J. CROSFIELD, K. E. MARKEL, H. ROBERTS, F. R. JONES, • C. F. HLTFFAM. Directors of Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Limited, Warrington. 25th January, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE PRIESTLEY

CENTENARY.

A Commemorative Tablet to be Erected.

It is but fitting that Warrington, which was the home of Dr. Priestley for many years and the scene of some of his most important scientific discoveries, should worthily commemorate the centenary of his death. Steps are being taken locally to commemorate this unique event, which takes place on the 6th of February. As a preliminary, the members of the Warrington Society observed last evening as "a Priestly night, 'and short papers were read as follows :—"Priestley at War- rington" by Mr. H. Stuart Page ; "Priestley as a chemist "by Mr. F. G. Ruddock ; "Priestley and the Riots "by Mr. W. H. Sherburn. The chair was occupied by Mr. J. Rymer Young, in the unavoidable absence of Dr. Markel. The proceedings were rendered additionally interesting by 'the exhibition of some inter- esting Priestley books and relics. Ma. Madeley brought from the Museum some autograph letters of Dr.fPriestly., cousisting chiefly of letters from him to his brother-in-law, Mr. Wilkinson, from the year 1790 to 1802. The interesting antique chair occupied by the Chairman was the one used by Dr. Priestley whilst a tutor at the Academy ..and had been lent cy the Cairo-street congregation. The books exhibited included "A history of Electricity" by Dr. Priestley, written at Warrington and printed in this town by William Eyres. Another book illustrated Dr. Priestley's experiments on the different kinds of air' with pictures of the apparatus used. Rev. C. Harvey Cooke brought a book of photographs shewing Mill Hill Chapel in which Dr. Priestley ministered after leavingWarrington, and other interesting views at Leeds connected with Priestley and his work. Another inter- esting exhibit was a Wedgewood medallion of Priestley. Next Friday, upon the eve of the Centenary, the Rev. F. E. Freeston. of London. is to lecture at the Academy on "Priestley and his friends," illustrated by lantern slicks. On the day of the centenary, a commemorative tablet is to be unveiled by Dr. T. E. Thorpe, C. 8., F.R.S., head of the Government laboratories in London, and author of a new life of Priestley, on Dr. Priestley's former residence in Academy-street.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BKITISH RIVIERA.

The following interesting letter appeared in the "Pall Mall Gazette "of the 12th inst. :—To the editor of tO; !: Pall Mall Gazette." Sir,—At this season of thel,when fogs and cold winds prevail in London our-time hts turn longingly to other districts, if, per- chanc me spot can be found free from unpleasant condi° s; and if leisure and the purse permit, one is glad', to escape from the ills that beset mankflaiiin the murky metropolitan atmosphere It waiWy good fortune to spend the Christmas holidays in the relion which Cornwall's premier novelist has described as the "Delectable Duchy "where, as a result of the mildness of the climate, I had the pleasure to be presented with, and, in fact, personally to cult, large numbers of primroses. Wild strawberry and blackberry bl _,- s,Aeo, were in profusion, and the calyx of the rh.cro.q,ndron gave promise of early opening and revela- ' ti 0 2&.. :tt orgeous masses of bloom. In short, the whole floral world spoke more eloquebtly than pen can describe of the equable temperature prey._4lent in. the southern part of the country. TatMoi4to whom mildness and equability of climate are a necessity, and to whom a minimum of cost and fatigue is a desideratum, T can conscientiously offer the advice that, rather than incur the Inconvenience and expense of a journey to a foreign health Desort, .L43411641(1 sccure the advantages to be obtained by a sejjahrifi,;lB:' South of Cornwall. 'Fain, sir, your obedient servant, W. J. Rtcx."-25, Lavington-road, Ealing W. January Bth, 190-I.—Further particulars re- garding Cornwall as a winter resort may be gleaned from our advertising columns.

Wa:es in the Iron Trade. The cAl` I eting of the Cone4iation Board in the *, :te. trades of the North of England took pla • .t-noon. at Newcastle. No change in wages was rn!!•411

===== 0002601_19040130_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Rugby Football. By " Ovalist."

It was quite like Warrington to go and lose against the bottom club in the League when nicely in the running for the championship. Somehow or other most of us had a foreboding of what might happen on the peculiar enclosure of the:Keighley Club. They were known to be formidable opponents on their own patch, and the fact that Salford had only succeeded in drawing there did not bode well for Warrington's success. Fish's absence was another disturbing element, though much was hoped from Kenyon, Warrington tried hard enough anyhow, and were much the better team, but the home side's ability to tackle and kick goals won them the match. '

Warrington's defeat does not put them entirely out of the running for final honours, but it has had such an effect on their position that one cannot expect with any reason that the medals will eventually come War- rington way. Six of the clubs above Warrington in the table have an infinitely better chance, and the competition is so keen that it is impossible to make more than a hazardous guess. at the ultimate champions. It was particularly unfortunate that War- rington should have lost on Saturday, for the defeat of Oldham and Salford improved what chance there was for the " Wirepullers." Still, as I have already said, it was just like WarrinF.Tton. They were ever a team to make a slip betwixt the cup and the lip.

The match at Keighley was remarkable for the number of times that Warrington just failed to score. They went off with a rare burst at the commencement and fairly peppered the home line. Kenyon twice, and Hockenhall once ran over, only to be recalled for haying stepped into touch. On a ground of avec-aril) width they must have scored easily and won the match for Warrington, but there was so little room to oper- ate on the narrow field that the backs were badly hampered. In fact I should think the peculiarities of the Keighley ground save them 5 points per match at the very least. Any reference to the table of results will prove at a glance how different the Keighley men are at home and away. There has been little scoring on the Keighley ground, and there is likely to be as long as the playinglportion is only 61 yards wide. The Northern Union ought to fix upon a minimum measure- ment for first-class grounds, and see that the standard is maintained.

The superiority of the visitors was most marked at three quarters, where Kenyon, Isherwood, Dickenson and Hockenhall combined well. The new recrait Kenyon, filled Fish's place with distinct credit and it was not his fault that he failed to score. He showed any amount of dash,and in the opinion of a competent judgelike Mr. J. H. Smith, he is a most piomising wineplayer. Hallam put up a grand exhibition of full back play and earned high praise from the York- shiremen. He was streets ahead of Walker, the home custodian. In the front rank and at half back, each side got as much as they gave. Warrington's great efforts in the early stages of the game told on them and they tired before the close,but the forwards could not be blamed for the loss of the match. They did their duty.

The league table up-to-date is as follows : _ For. _ Against.

P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. f.'l). Pts Oldham 22...15... 6... 1...25 37-161... 7 13-53...31 Bradford Hunsl et 21...14_ 6... 1...28 30-146...15 19-87...29 Salford 21...13... 6... 2...38 47-217...10 20-80...28 Leeds 19..J3... 4... 2...13 31-4119 9 17-69...28 Br'ghton R 21...12... 6... 3...15 49-177...21 16-90...27 Hull K't'n R 21...12... 8... 1...17 27-115... 9 20-78...25 Warrington 19_11... 6... 2...20 31-133...12 17-75...24 HAlifax 9O 8 9... 3...14 14— 70...16 15-77...19 Swinton Runcorn ... 20... 8...12... 0...22 19-101...24 32-144.A6 Wigan Hull Widnes 29 6...13... 3...13 15— 71...23 44-178..15 Batley 22 6...13... 3...14 15— 73...34 40-180..15 Leigh Huddersfild2o... 5...15... 0... 9 25 93...23 39-163..10 Keighley 19... 3...12... 4...18 9 63...27 41-177...10 Three Yorkshire clubs are exceedingly well-placed, as a glance at the table shows. Bradford, Hunslet, and Leeds are the heaviest teams in the competition, and their success proves unmistakably that weight tells. A moderate set of backs can put on points if the forwards are carrying all before them. It would be a bit of an eye-opener for Lancashire if the championship this year went to Yorkshire.

There should be a fine crowd at Wilderspool to-dag to welcome Broughton Rangers. The fact that War- rington won at Wheater's Field early in • the season does not make their success to-day any more certain. The Rangers have iipproved beyond all reckoning since then, and only last Saturday they thrashed the improved Swinton team by 23 points to nil. War- rington will have to show their best form to get two points. They ought to win, undoubtedly, and I am expecting that they will.

Last season both matches resulted in draws, the game at Broughton ending without a score being registered, whilst atoWilderspool each team managed to score a try. The Broughton Rangers Committee have selected exactly the same team that defeated Swinton so easily to oppose Warrington. It is as follows—Poole, back ; Widdeson, Harry Wilson (captain), and Hogg, three-quarter backs; S. James and W. James, half backs • Trotter, Scott, Oram, Beetham, Whitehead, Winskilf,Thompson,and Ruddick forwards. The famous right' wing was responsible for no less than six tries against Swinton. Will Fish bottle Wilson and Hogg up to-day as he did at Broughton?'

The Warrington team will be practically at full i strength, though Harris is not yet n his place. The selected 15 is ; Hallam, full-back ; Fish, Isherwood Dickenson, and Hockenhall, threequarters; Davies and Bate, half backs ; Fielding, Boardman, Morrison, Edmondson, Swift, Thomas, Jolley and Naylor, for- wards. Kenyon and Lunt are on the reserve. It will be seen that the neW forward, Fielding, is play- ing in order to qualify for the cup ties. He will have an opportunity of proving his worth. For his own club, Ponty Newydd he was a prolific try getter, but up here the scrummagers, do not .often distinguish themselves in this line. T shall be very pleased if Fielding proves anything like so capable a man as his club mate Thomas.

Warrington were also sending a strong team to Broughton to tackle the undefeated second string of the Rangers, but the match has been postponed owing to the Northern Union fixing a Lancashire Junior Cup Final at Wheaters' Field.

A. benefit match in aid of Sam Houghton will most likely be decided at Wheater's Field on a date not yet fixed—probably a Wednesday in the near future. It has been suggested that the sides should be selected, one from the West Lancashire League Clubs and the other from Swinton, Salford, and Broughton-Rangers.

Runcorn and Widnes fought their annual battle on Widnes soil on Saturday, and as usual the home team won. It was a cling-dong game and, like War- rington, the Runcornians were defeated by 2 goals to nil. This match affects the South West Lancashire Competition table, which now stands as follows : Pts.

P. w. L. D: for agst Pts Wigan Warrington *St. Helens Runcorn Widnes 6 ... 1 ... 2 ... 2 18-26 ... 4 Leigh 4 ... 1 ... 3 ... 0 22-10 ... 2 *The St. Helens matches, not being home and away engagements, each count 4 points.

With a view of assisting St. Helens to regain a Position in the First Division of the Northern Union League, the Warrington Committee have decided to transfer two of their capable reserve players to that club. Ernest Radcliffe, three-quarter, has several times assisted the senior team, but an injury last season kept him out of active service. He is, how- ever, now perfectly sound, and should strengthen the Saints three-quarter line. James Allen,half-back, has on many occasions assisted the first team. Both will assist St. Helens to-day making them eligible to play in the cup-ties.

TO ESCAPE THE BERTILLON SYSTEM. Two smart young up-to-date shopbreakers are Harold Fitzgerald and Fred Reynolds. When arrested for an offence in Stockport-road, Manchester, they were wear- ing gloves, and explained to the detective that they "didn't want to leave their finger impressions on the window sill." On Wednesday, at Manchester Sessions, they were committed for six montlis apiece.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0129.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 30, 1904

honour accorded him that night. He would try and attend the Old Boys' dinner every year, and hope d the Union would continue to flourish. He was quite sure they would all help the old school in the great work which it had before it, perhaps greater work than it left behind.

The singing of " Auld lAng Syne" terminated a very enjoyable evening.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAMMAR SCHOOL OLD BOYS.

ANNUAL DINNER.

The second annual dinner of the Old Boys' Union in connection with the Boteler Grammar School was held at the Lion Hotel, on Thursday evening, under the pre- sidency of Mr. Edward R. Pickmere, M.A. (Town Clerk of Liverpool). There were upwards of sixty Governors and Old Boys present, the Company including the Rev. Canon Willis, Rev. E. C. E. C trleton, Messrs. F. Monks, William Long, H. Roberts (Governors), and the head- master (Rev. E. J. Willcocks). The catering was in the ablehands of Mr. Lee, and it was in every respect satis- factory.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TOASTS.

The PRESIDENT proposed the toast of the King. in a few appropriate words, and it was honoured m the usual loyal manner. "THE PIOUS IVIENIORY OF SIR THONIAS BOTELER."

Mr. C. S. BURGESS (the Chairman of the Committee) in proposing the above toast, at the outset said he wished all Old Boys who had not already signed the re- cord book would do so. He thought the success of the gathering that evening would lead to the settlement of the Union on a firmer basis. He felt quite con- vinced that they were acting upon the right lines, and that the good feeling which they were endeavouring to foster among Old Boys must be for the good of the school. He was very proud to welcome that night his old schoolfellow, Mr. E. R. Pickmere, and thanked him for accepting the invitation of the committee to preside at their second annual dinner. (Applause). He asked them to drink in solemn silence to the pions memory of Sir Thomas Boteler. ABSENTEES.

The SECRETARY (Mr. J. H. Smthurst), referring to the absence of several Governors and Old Boys, said that Mr. Robert Pierpoipt, M.P., Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., Mr. John White, the Rev. Richard Greenall, Colonel Ireland Blackbarne, Mr. J. C. Parr, Mr. T. H. Sutton, Mr. flertzog, Mr. Alyward, Mr. Young, the Rev. George Feather, and the Rev. 0. H. Cary—(applattse)— had all written regretting their inability to attend.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
"PROSPERTITY TO THE SCHOOL."

This toast was proposed by the PRESIDENT. who re- marked how honoured he felt by being elected to that office and to preside at the dinner. Mr. Burgess had kindly sent him a list of the Old Boys (a list which in- terested him exceedingly) and he was horrified to find that he (iVlr.Pickmere) was one of the oldest of the Old Boys, having been at the Grammar School in 1865, leaving in 1874. He thought the idea of an Old Boys' Union an excellent one, and suggested that if possible, for the sake of tradition, a history of the old school should be compiled, and a prize awarded to the scholar whowrote the best essay on the 13)teler Grammar School. With regard to education generally, he was pleased at the progress Warrington was making, and that the town was making quite a reputation in that respect. Education was quite as big a question as what theycalled the fiscal policy or,as he had heard it referred to by a certain after dinner speaker,the "poscal filacy." (Laughter.) Whatever may be said against it •he thought it was the duty off every thinking man to make the Education Act workable if possibte. Referring to the study of the classics, he hoped that that was a subject which would never be excluded from the school's curriculum—in fact he hoped it would be insisted upon. He, personally, had a great love for the classics, and he thought the study of them meant great mental improvement to any man. Every subject studied nowadays, it seemed to him, was regarded from a money making standpoint. Could they earn money by it? was asked. He urged them to see that the minds of the boys were elevated by their studies. and that they should not study a particular subject with the idea of seeing how much they could make out of it. (Hear, hear.) However, he felt such matters were safe in the able hands of the present headmaster. (Applause.) He trusted that while this education question was being so much debated, they would back up Mr. Willcocks in his endeavour to maintain the honoured name of the school. They as Old Boys should if possible strengthen the headmaster's hands, and take some interest in the important work he had before him. (Applause.) In proposing the toast of "Prosperity to the Boteler Grammar School," he coupled with it a wish for long life andsuccess to the excellent Headmaster. (Applause.) The company sang "For he's a jolley good fellow," after which three cheers were given for Mr. and Mrs. Willcocks.

The Rev. E. .T. W[LtcocKs, in acknowledging the toast, said they knew how very pleased he was to meet 1311 the Old Boys, especially the President, who, as they all knew, had had such a distinguished career, and by his ability and energy had forced himself into an honourable position in a neighbouting city. Before coming to the dinner he had looked over the list of sixth form boys, when the President stood second in the school, and he could well remember Pickmere going to Oxford in 1874. Of course there were many other successful names, the bearers of whom had led success- ful lives. Referring to the work of the school, which was a very interesting subject, especially to masters,he could say that the school had kept up its reputation for efficiency during the past year. In fact, every candi- date sent up to the Oxford local examination last summer had passed. (Heir. hear.) In conclusion he thanked them very much for the way in which theyhad drunk the health of the school and that of Mrs. Wi II cocks. (Applause).

"PROSPERITY TO THE COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.

The toast of "Prosperity to the County Borough of Warrington," was submitted by Mr. W. E. Atkin, who said that under this title he recognised the good old toast of "The Town and Trade of Warrington." In commenting at some length on the trade of the town he compared Warrington's commercial growth with that of several other places, remarking that Warrington was not a town of mushroom growth, but a town whose in- dustries had steadily increased. Trade in the town was undoubtedly sick, as it was in other parts of the United. Kingdom, but he hoped before long matters would im- proY-e, and he asked them to drink therefore• to the increased trade of the town and prosperity to the ancient borough of Warrington. (Applause). Mr. HENRY ROBERTS, who was cordially received, in acknowledging the toast said it afforded him very great pleasure to be with them onlthat night for two or three personal reasons; he thought that he couldclaim to be the first Old Boy who had reached the hon3urable position.of Governor of the Old School: secondly, he was the head of two generations of Old Boys who were represented there that night. Thirdly, he was glad to be present because he had the honour of being mayor of Warrington during the year in which it became a county borough. (Applause). Referring to the state of the trade of the town mentioned by the proposer of the toast, Mr. Roberts said that together with the increase of population, there had been a remarkable increase in the growth of the industries and various arts. He most cordially re-echoed Mr. Atkin's wish that the prosperity which had attended the town in the past might be greatly increased in the future. In regatd to the administration of affairs in the town, even now we might claim that Warrington is a fairly well adminis- tered Borough, and he hoped there would always be a sufficiently strong feeling of patriotism to induce the best men we had amongst 'is to take their fair share of municipal work. (Applause) To his mind the most crying need which our industries to-day were suffering from was the want of a better general education amongst employees 'of every class, and he thought to the attainment of this end, the attention of all thinking men should be directed. Suggestions had been made that night as to how the old school.of which they wereall very proud, should retain its propsr place in the educational structure of the Borough. He did not think it would pass the wit of man to devise a method by which the Grammar School could remain the crowning point of the whole edifice. (Hear, hear), Mr. Roberts referred to the pleasure it gave him to meet several of his old schoolfellows, whom he had not seen for many years, one, in fact, whom he had not seen for twenty years. He thanked them very much for the corgial manner in which they had drunk the toast and the Way in which they had received him on rising to respond. He knew they all wished every prosperity to the town they loved and the old school which had done so much for them years ago. (Applause).

"THE GOVERNORS." The toast of' The Governors" was in the hands of Dr. J. GUFAT GORNALL, who remarked that in his youthful days the Governors were people whom the scholarsl rarely set eyes upon, and he remembered what .a great impression the Governors used to make on such occasions as "Speech Days." Referring to present day educational metters he was sure the Governors were doing their best to maintain the traditions of the old school. He urged upon them the necessity of continu- ing the teaching of the classics. Personally he had learned more from Greek than he ever did from French or German. He should be very sorry if the classical side of theschool's curriculum was in any way seriously injured. He had very great pleasure in asking them to drink to the health of the Governors of.the Warring- ton Grammar School. (Apolause.) The toast was drunk with ninsical honours. The Rev. CANON, WI GLIS replied. "THE PRESIDENT."

Mr. Vero B. D tVIES, in giving the toast of "The President," said I. is was a very pleasant duty. He did not think the committee could have chosen anyone better as President of their second annual dinner than a member of the Pickmere family, a family which' had been connected with Warrington for so manyyears. (Applause.) They all remembered Mr. Pickmere's father, who was so well-known and who was Mayor of the Borough several times. They were particularly proud of Mr. Pickmere because he had risen to the high position of Town Clerk of an important city like Liverpool, and personally he had very great pleasure in welcoming him as belonging to the same profession as himself. He asked them all, with the greatest Possible heartiness to drink the health of their President. Three cheers were then given for Mr. Pickmere. The PRESIDENT. who was received with applause, in responding said he thanked them very much for the

===== 0002601_19040130_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE SHIP CANAL.

to be given to the Ship Canal, aud the Canal COmpany would thereupon be required to do the necessary work of dredging in order to comply with the terms of the agreement. In this case there was no complaint of their non-fulfilment of that obligation. The Judge had found that as regarded varying datum the Ship Canal Company had toperform their original obligation. Mr. Justice Vaughan Williams said that their original obligation was to perform a thing, certain but in the event of a contingency arising which rendered necessary further steps being taken that did not seem to him to be a question for an engineer or an arbitrator to deter- mine. The learned Judge held that they viere bound to maintain the dredging according to the arrangement which had been entered into, and this he submitted the Corporation had done.

Cripps said that the Corporation of Warrington, in his opinion, had sought an altogether wrong remedy. He contended that the Manchester Ship Canal Company had in no sense exceeded its Parliamentary powers. Counsel then proceeded to argue that the Court had no jurisdiction to deal with a matter crf this kind, and that any disputes between the parties ought to be referred to arbitration, and he asked their Lordships to decide this point before proceeding further with his argument. Lord Justine Vaughan Williams: Why not, under those circumstances, go to arbitration? Mr. Bousfield said that never occurred to the parties. Having referred to numerous authorities bearing upon cases of this description, counsel confidently submitted that the Court had ample jurisdiction to deal with the matter.

Lord Justice Vaughan Williams: Nobody would seriously argue against you that where the Court has power to stay there is jurisdiction. Mr. Bousfield submitted that the authorities carried him further, and showed that the Court had jurisdiction in a case similar to the one before the Court. The further hearing was adjourned. _

On Thursday Mr. liousfield-, continuing his argument again controverted the proposition sought to be estab- lished by Mr. Grippe, that under the agreement which had been entered into between the parties the j urisdiction of the Court had bean ousted, and that all questions in dispute were to ba 'determined by arbitration. The learned counsel submitted that not only had the Court a discretion but that it had ample jurisdiction to try and determine the issues involved in actions of this kind, and he cited authorities in favour of his conten- tion. What was intended by the Legislature was to give the pirties a fitting tribunal for the purpose of referring to it matters of importance, In order for his learned friend Mr. Grippe, to succeed he must show that, the effect of the language used was to prevent the Court having jurisdiction in those matters. If he failed to do that then he (Mr. Boast'sld) succeeded. He was going to point out that the language of the section gave a right to the parties to go to arbitration on cer- tain things, but he said that power would be dead when the works which the section contemplated were done. Tna language was intended to refer only to certain things, and not to a question of damages before the canal was opened, which might arise. This claose was not intended to deprive the parties of the right to go to the Court in a case where they thought it would be for their benefit to do. so.

Mr. Hughes followed on the same side, and dealt at great length with tha rights of the traders and manu- facturers of Warrington under the agreement, and after- wards dealt with the interests of the Corporation of Warrington, ;Vho, he said, were profoundly interested in this question. The hearing was adjourned. Yesterday's Proceed' ills. [By TELEGRAPH.] The hearing of the anneal was continued yesterday. Mr. Hughes continued his argument in support of the contention that the Jurisdiction of the Court was not ousted under the agreement into which the parties had entered. He then submitted that the traders them- selves had a right to enforce the clause which was passed for their protection without the intervention of the Corporation of Warrington if they thought neces- sary. The traders of Warrington had independent rights and the power of the Corporation to vary was only as regarded the future,and not as to the past, and they could not take away the rights which had accrued by reason of past breaches. In this case the contract was in the nature of a contract between the Canal Com- pany and the traders, and', if that was so he thought that by virtue of the contract there was a right to enforce the provisions of this Act. The alternative proposition was this—Suppose it was an agreement entered into between the Company and the Corporation and incorporated in this Act, then anyone, even a member of the public, was entitled to sue for damage caused by breach of the obligation. There had been breaches of the statutory obligations to maintain this channel and traders had suffered damage owing to that. The damage, it was conceded, was very substantial. Messrs. Crosffeld and Messrs. Fairclough and Sons did an immense trade on the river Mersey, and if their boats were forced to navigate a five feet instead of an eight feet channel the damage would be very serious. The only effect of the trans- actions of 1898, he submitted, was to modify the agree- ment so far as the traders were concerned and they would be quite content to go upon section 88 without the agreement.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DREDGING OF THE MERSEY. Appeal Against Mr. Justice Byrne's Judgment.

An aetion of great importance to Warrington, as far as the navigation of the river is concerned, was com- menced in the Court of Appeal on Tuesday before Lords Justices Vaughan Williams,Sterling, and Cozens- Hardy. The IkTlnoh9st3r Ship Canal Company appealed from a judgment of Mr. Justice Byrne's in the recent action of Crosfield and Sons, Limited and others v. the Manchester Ship Canal Company. The object of the action was to enforce the obligations undertaken by the Manchester Ship Canal Company with reference to the dredging of the river Mersey where it flows through the limits of the borough of Warrington. The plaintiffs were Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Limited, James Fairclough and Sons, Limited, and. Monks, Hall, and Co.. Limited, traders and manufac- turers, carrying on business at or near Warrington and on the banks of the river Mersey, and the Mayor, Alderman and Burgesses of the Borough themselves. The first three plaintiffs sued on behalf of the msedves and all others, the traders, manufacturers and others carrying on business at or near %Varrington, and by aipenduent, made after the opening of the action, in their individual capacity. By the Act of 1885 the Canal Company undertook to dredge ant maintain dredged ce:tain portions of the bad and banks of tha Mersey before the canal was opened. As the work wis not completed in time, by another agreement the Company undertook to eomplete the dredging by July 1, 1394, it being provided that the Graders and manufacturers of Warrington should carry goods free of rates along certain portions of the canal until the cempletion of the dredging. It was alleged that the dredgine was not completed, and until 18)5 the treders of Werrington used certain portions of the canal free of tolls. Another agreement was made in April 1893, it being provided that the Canal Company should effectually execute Bad complete the dredging operations, and that the privileges given to the traders of Warrington should cease. The latter, hpwever, alleged that the Company had not carried out the agreement in respect of the dredging. In the early part of 1897 the Company claimed payment of dues from the traders of Warrington, and payment had been made under protest. It was alleged that notices had been given to the Canal Company from time to time, pointing out that they had not fulfilled their obliga- tions, and that nevertheless they had insisted upon pay- ment of dues, and had not remedied the things com- plained of. The Canal Company maintained that they had asea fact executed their obligations, and in the alternative that the dredging of the Canal had been made much more difficult by the discharge of lime and other refuse into the river by the traders of Warrington or soils of them, and also that they had duly complied with all notices which the plaintiffs were entitled to give. Mr. Justice Byrne gave judgment for the plaintiffs, holdingithat there was no impossibility in the defen- dants fulfilling their statutory obligations to give the statutory width of channel and depth of water. It was from this judgment that the defendants now appealed. Tbere was also a cross notic of appeal by the plaintiffs. Ar. Fletcher %loulton, [C.C., M.P., Mr. Cripps, K.C., M.P., Mr. Pickford, K.C.. and Mr. E. 0. Leigh Clare, M.P., appeared for the appellant, who were the defen- dants in the Court below ; and Mr. Bonsfield, K.C., M.P., Mr. Hughes, K.C., and Mr. F. Thompson were counsel for the respondents, who were the plaintiffs in the Court below. _

Mr. Cripps, in opening the appellants' case set out the facts as given above, and said that as regarded the channel not having been dredged, the learned Judge found in favour of the appellants, but he found against them that they had not maintaind the dredging according to their obligations. That depended upon three points. In the first place, the defendants said this was a matter which the Legislature had provided to be determined by arbitration, and, therefore, was a matter outside the jurisdiction of the court. In the trial of the action fifteen or sixteen days had been occupied with hewing evidence the whole or which was irrelevant, if ha was right on this preliminary Point. The second paint between the parties was this: In dredr_zing the .canal their obligation was to be determined in reference to a particular datum line. The datum line was differently constructed by the defendants and the plaintiffs. The formersaid it was a fixed datum line, well known in reference to the conditions of the Mersey. It was used as a term of art because the conditions of the Mersey, which were rather peculiar, had caused a particular datum line to be used in all matters of this kind ever since 1811, and in all the negotiations and in the agree- ment between the parties the obligation hid reference to that fixed datum line, and it was only in reference to it that they could fulfil their obligations at all. The judge below had held that the defendants were wrong as regarded the fixed datum line, but if they were right they would have fulfilled their obligation, not only as regarded making, but also main- taining the channel dredged. There was a third point. They had to fulfil their obligation as regarded dredging to the reasonable satisfaction of the surveyor of Warrington, and they said that on the form of the agreement and the clause, the question whether the surveyor was reasonably satisfied was a matter which the Legislature had said should be determined from time to time by an engineer. Until the engineer had foiled that what they were doing was not reason- able, there was, he contended, no right of action on the part of the Corporation or the traders. The obligation on them was to dredge the bed of the river to a certain depth, and for ever after maintain the same dredging. The defendants contended that a channel could not be dredged in the first instance without having a fixed datum and a fixed obligation as regarded depth of the channel. The depth of the channel depended chiefly on the fresh water. He knew it very well. Most of it was in his constituency, and he had the highest respect for it. (Laughter.) It was possible, owing to a dry season, whick was really one of their difficulties, the fresh water level was lowered to the extent of a foot. If they were not to have a fixed datum, they would never know when they had fulfilled their original obligation. He submitted that they were bound merely to make the channel at a fixed depth in the first instance, and having made it, to maintain it at that depth. Low water at spring tides at Warrington was known to everyone in the Mersey estuary as a mark which would be ten feet above the Ordnance datum at Warrington Bridge. To insist on eight feet of water at all times and under all conditions was an impossible construction of the Act because it imposed an obligation which nobody could undertake to fulfil under the conditions of the Mersey. A peculiarity of the Mersey was that when there were spring tides thEtwater was more banked up at Warrington than at neap tides. Lowest spring water at Warrington did not denote the worst conditions of the river at low water, but the best, and the words had been adopted purposely. The hearing of the case was adjourned. The hearing was resumed on Wednesday. Mr. Cripps continuing his argument in support of the appellants' case, repeated his submission that it was a fixed datum line under which the Canal Company incurred respon- sibility. Their lordships would see from the plan which WARRINGTON AND ITS PLAYGROUNDS. had been handed up to them that the low water at ordinary'spring tide was put at 10ft above the datum Important Recommendations by the Open line. What the Canal Company said was that they had Spaces Committee. a fixed datum line giving at low water at spring tide a ' m deputation from the Open Spaces Committee depth of 10ft. above the ordnance datum which come visited Wallasey on July 10th, and as a result the Corn- from the Corporation of Warrington. What he con- mittee recommend the following schemes estimated tended was that before this litigation began there was this fixed datum line. The respondents said that in a for by the Borough Surveyor. ORFO.RD. river like the Mersey the low water varied from tine to The Borough Surveyor would recommend that the time, and that the obligation of the Canal Company was open space in Orford Ward between Orford-lane and not confined to a fixed datum line, but was extended to Winwick-road be laid out in accordance with the plan a varying datum, and Mr. tTustice Byrne had held that submitted. The area of this plot is about 3A- acres. they were right on that point. If the Canal Company The ground to be fenced in with an unclimbable were right in contending that they were wrought iron fence 41feet high from the surface of the bound by a fixed datum line, then he asked their lordships to say that thefhad fulfilled their obligations.having gates to Ground-street Bluecoa - ground, , t street, and Houghton-street. A space 90 feet by 75 feet to be The Canal Company had to give about Bft. of depth fenced off inthe southwest corner for aquoiting ground above low water. If the fixed datum was 10ft. above A playground for children 12 years of age and under the ordnance datum they would have to give 2ft. above and‘open air gymnasium 180 feet by 120 feet fitted up the ordnance datum. That was an obligation which had grounds at see-saws. &c., with asp with swings, halted been understood by the Ship Canal Company, and that A gymnasium for older boys at obligation had been thoroughly fulfilled. The Corpora- the south-east corner. tion consulted Sir John Wolfe Barry as to the effect of the north-east corner 180 feet by 120 feet with swings and other gymnasia fittings with asphalte ground. a ship canal in the borough of Warrington, and he I Walks to be laid out as shown on plan and asphalted, reported to the Corporation, land after he had made his corner shubberies to be planted with privets, Stc. The report he and Sir Leader Williams met and agreed upon I the conditions between the parties, which culminated centre portion to be levelled and cindered and about 30 in the Act of 1885. in his report Sia John Wolfe Barry seats provided for the walks. Shed shelters to be pro- vided in the playgrounds and a small attendant's room called attention to the peculiar fact that at low water at for tools, quoits, &c. To carry out the above I estimate sprine tides there was a better condition of naviga- tion at Warrington Bridge than at low water at neap would cost about £I,ISO.HOWLEY. tides, which was contrary to the usual state of things, and was owing to the fact that the conditions in the Two open-air playgrounds and gymnasia on the north-west side 80ft, by 80ft. and 110 ft. by 80ft. laid river Mersey were of an exceptional character. it was out with swings, see-saws and asphalted ground to be 041 the suggestions and recommendations they made that fenced off with unclimbable wrought iron railings and the bill was passed. Lord Justice Vaughan Williams asked whether putt- g for boys over that age. To fence off the land withate. One for children under 14 years of age and one , ing the construction which Mr. Cripps did upon the agreement between the parties, the result would not unclimbable wrought iron railings on the portion north of Ellesmere-street ; the southern portion of the land be that in certain conditions water of the required to be levelled and cindered. This I consider would depth would not be given. • Mr. Cripps said that was so, but their lordships had cost about £450. A small open-air :•!c;,*. to consider what was the depth fixed between the VICTORIA PARK.. gymeasizim be formed,witli*iiigs,- parties. The question was whether they were dealing with a fixed or varyina datum. Of course the condition see-saws..&c-, and altioWfink-gisen., 60 yititdd*Nire ?the Suthwt comb', frantine.'Knutaford,rond.ifoabe would be more favourable to Warrington with .a:yagy,-, ing datum. The obligation of th aaadfaalaloirae; Ala • d &it as shown,hria)lan ainfti) have allnlittitetiAvalks: few seats. Privet hedgesto be planted round the: dredge to the channel, which would be subject to silting ttlid-8 eiand where required iron ailings and gate. This. up, and whenever that silting up took place notice had g f.' r estimate would cost £3OO.

'lt was only the Company who brought in the agree- ment and who said that it modified the rights of the Traders. He agreed that the rights of the traders were modified, but with respeat to the question of tolls the matter stood this way—Notice jiad been given to the Company under the clause that the dredging of the channel was not being maintained and those notices not having been complied with, the Traders said" Now we must have the passage of the Canal free of tolls," but the Canal Company said "No, you shall not; you must pay the tolls." one of the purposes of this action was to recover those tolls as oi id under duress. Lord Justice Vaughan Williams asked if the Corpora- tion gave 'notice in writing. Cinder section three Mr. Hughes said he should not like to say that. His point was that the traders had suffered damage and were entitled to iecover. He wished to point out that the agreement of 1896 did not affect Section 202 for any purpose of arbitration between the traders and the company. Lord Justice Vaughan Williams: Do you doubt as between the Corporation and the Company under the the clause you might have raised a question affecting the rights of the traders? I think you could. Mr. Hughes said he had no doubt they could refer to arbitration questions which would effect traders in the future, but not questions referring to the past. 'qLord Justice Vaughan Williams: They could ask the arbitrators to say whether they were entitled to have something. Mr. Hughes said that was so with regard to the fu- ture, but not with regard to any accrued rights. To sum up he said the traders' rights alternatively were the nature of contractual rights under'section 88, or if not they were rights of persons who had been injured by reason of a breach of statutory obligations. Those rights had accrued many years ago, as the Learned Judge in the Court below had found. Numberless com- plaints had been made that the statutory channel had not been maintained, and there had never been a sug- gestion of arbitration before.

- Lord Justice Vaughan Williams: It seems a terribly hard case. _ _ _

Mr.lnighes warmly protested against his Lordship treating this as a jesting matter. It was in fact a most important matter to the people of Warrington. Lord Justice Vaughan Wiliiams : Not only is it important, but I say it is a terribly hard case. Mr. Hughes said this was a matter of vital import- ance and if the contention of the other side was right the whole of the expenses connected with the trial would be thrown away, because they would have to go back to perhaps two, three or four tribunals and then probably have to come to the court on a special case. Mr. Cripps, in reply, repeated his proposition that the jurisdiction of the Court was °listed. JUDGMENT RESERVED.

At the conclusion of the arguments, their Lordships said they would take time to consider their judgment on the point which had hem raked.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL MEETINGS LAST NIGHT. ; ADDRESSES ON THE FISCAL QUESTION.

The fiscal question was the subject under discu,-,ion at two Liberal meetings held in the district last night —one at Penketh, which forms part of the Newton division and the other at G-rappenhall, which is included in the Knutsfard division. , The meeting at Penketh was held under the , auspices of the Liberal Club. A large company. ' assembled in the Wesleyan schoolroom and the pro- ceedings were presided over by Mr. J. G. Withinshaw, I a thoughtful politician holding Liberal views and. a convinced Free Trader. He was accompanied on the platform by Mr. J. W. S. Callie (secretary of the ; Financial Reform Association) and amongst those present were Mr. C. E. Parker, Mr. J. B. Aitken, Mr. F. Wilkinson (hon. secretary of the Liberal Club) and Mr. B. Tilston (hon. treasurer.) The Chairman observed that they were met together to discuss one of the most important questions that ; could concern them. It was what they might call a I bread and butter question—a question of the greatest magnitude,and one that had been rushed upon them at a moment's notice. When they got a new fiscal policy , put before them without any adequate cause they must look for some reason. He believed it had been put 1 forth to cover up mistakes of the past. (Hear, hear.) Not long ago they were told that they had no reason to complain of the state of trade • now they were told that unless some sudden alteration were made ' they would be commercially dead. As a rule changes in commerce did not come so quickly as that. ! (Hear, hear.) Even the last returns of the Board of I Trade showed an increase in the volume of our trade. The members of the Government could not agree that our trade was as bad as some were trying ;to make out, and there was plenty of time to have an impartial commission to inquire into the matter instead of taking people's word for it. (Hear,hear.)lf they looked at the platforms of the tariff reformers they gen3rally found them imposed of one of 2 sorts—either big landlords]or wealthylmanufacturers. (Hear, hear.) They did not find many working men or trades union leaders supporting the fiscal proposals of Mr. Chamberlain. An attempt was made to hold out old age pensions as an inducement to workingmen to accept protection, but it was found that that would not work in, and the cry now was more wages for the working- man. The Chairman proceeded to state he had yet to learn that workingmen in this country got less wages than those received by workingmen in other countries. If they compared the wages of British workers with those of any on the Continent they:would find that the British workman had the advantage. (Hear,hear) Proceeding to discuss the state of trade in America, the chairman said as most of them were interested in the leather trade he would give an instance showing the condition of the trade in America. The American leather trust—one of the largest in America—was 24 million dollars behindhand in their preference dividend which did not show a very satisfactory state of affairs. As a matter of fact American Tanners were going over to Canada, because there they could get a larger and cheaper supply of hemlock bark. If this transference of the tanning business to Canada continued, Canada would soon be the competitor of England in the export of leather, and under lie. Cham- berlain's scheme,English mannfacturers would be placed at a great disadvankage owing to the increased cost of production. (Hear, Wear.) Mr. Callie gave an able review of the whole fiscal problem. By bringing forward his scheme of fiscal federation, Mr. Chamberlain had prevented them from discussing such important matters as the land question and sent them back to the a.b.c. of the question, which their forefathers settled long ago. A discussion ensued at the close. THE MEETING AT GRAPPENHALL. Mr. W. Longs Views. •

Mr. William Long, J.P., presided at the meeting held in the Large Room, Grappenhall, and said the fiscal question was of very vital importance in the interests of the country to all classes, except perhaps the richer classes and some manufacturers. Protection would tend to make rich men richer, but on the other hand it was his firm conviction that it would make poor men poorer. Dealing with Mr. Chamberlain's argument that any increase in the price of food would be counter- balanced by a reduction in the price of tobacco and other articles, the chairman said it worked out that the workingman was about a farthing per week better off. (Laughter). How would such a reduction on tobacco help a man with a large family? What workingmen wanted was to get the staff of life "as cheaply as possible. (BFear, hear.) Mr. Long ex- pressed the hope that the question would be discussed in a non-party spirit. He proceeded to contrast the life of the British and German workingmen, and pointed out that Lord Goschen had said that German people ate horse-meat. The hours of employment were longer and the wages smaller than in England. Speaking of the member for the division, Mr. Long said they did not want to be represented by one who had expressed his determination to adhere to a policy which they be- lieved was against the best interests of the country. (Hear, hear.) An interesting address was delivered by Mr.'.T+ahn Taylor, of the National Reform Union._ - -

A vote of thanks was accorded to the chairmag and speaker and to the Rector for the use of the rod*, on the proposition of Mr. C. Jackson Holmes.

===== 0002601_19040130_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN COUNCIL BUSINESS. The Question Box.—Soma Awkward

Queries.

A meeting of the Town Council will be held on Tues- day evening next, when the following qnestions will be asked, and replied to by the Chairman of the different Committees concerned. ABOUT STREET PAVING.

By Mr. Councillor GOUGH— To ask the Chairman of the Paving and Sewerage Committee.- 1. Why is Jockey-street, which is a front street in the borough, being paved with macadam instead of beingpaved with setts or cubes? 2. Does not Alderman Heaton (the Chairman of the Paving and Sevverage Committee) own all the property on one side of this street?" Are Aldermen and Councillors exempt from the provisions of the law as to the street- making, or is there one law for Aldermen and another for the property owners who are not members of the Council ? 3. Are Councillors Arthur Peacock and John Wilkinson paving part of Dudley-street, and is the work under the supervision of the Borough Surveyor? Does he see that quantities and qualities of materials are being used in accordance with the required specifica- tions of tho Corporation? How it it that property owners who are not members of the Town Council are forced to have their streets made through or by the Corporation? 4. Is the contractor who is making Algernon-street and other streets near to it, using Portland cement in making the concrete? If not, what test will the cement bear that is being used, and after the work has stood. seven days ? Will this work bear the test of 4501b5. to the square inch? And can the Borough Surveyor take up a square yard to test in the presence of ,7-embers of the Council on a day to be named? 5. When are the Paving and Sewerage Committee going to provide a weighing machine at Howley Storage yard, so that members of the Council may get a correct account or knowledge of what material the Corporation use during a year, what materials there is in stock, and whether the Corporation gets weight for the money it pays !

CHEAPER BATHING FOR WOMEN AND CHILDREN. By Mr. Councillor Witsos— To ask the Chairman of the Town Hall, Parks, and Baths Committee :—Whether the committee will con- sider the desirability of encouraging the art of swim- ming among women and children by granting half- penny bathing tickets.

THE DEPUTY-REGISTRAR AND HIS DUTIE7I By Mr. Councillor PEMBERTON— To ask the Chairman of the Gas Committee :-1. Has Mr. W. S. Howard, cashier, acted as Deputy-Regis- trar of births and deaths for Warrington, and for how long? 2. What amount of time during the day has he devoted to this work, especially during the 1.1.5 t twelve months, 3, Was this done with the permission of the Cor- poration,and if so,on what date was the resolution passed? HALF-PENNY TRAM FARES FOR SCHOOL CHILDREN.

By Mr. Councillor WILSON— To ask the Chairman of the Electricity and Tramways Committee—Whether the time has not arrived for con- sidering the question of allowing school children to travel by the cars at halfpenny fares?

THE SUPPLY OF FUEL. By Mr. Councillor PEMBERTON— To ask the Chairman of the Electricity Conunittee.„-f- -1. What is the quantity of NO which, has been purchased by the comin4tee • for, tlft,t Eloc-,1 tricity Department,' and the 1405 • tilj.{(l ties supplied bYt eaCh llrqi ;rut') th 6., pj:i4 2. The like infoirnation a's to fijel tisecT in the Tram- ways Department: s 3. Were 'tenders pubtidly advee-, tiSed for the supply of the fuel; if so; whenTAticl,where? 4. Did the Committee choose fiyur firms to;.supPly'fuel for testing purposes and if ,so: specify- these•Armai• also the qMintity.and price,pf fueAsijpplied bsz..tachi .date ? How long tiiivettiallltst teq,-.bemyji Ar,9F,4%.1,Ad 'laud ti*gWel:lolo,ft,RfasufiliiD* 1116 edliett litert tYte'phmiAt iL - artyie -trocc. LIT= bap 1101. Q

cxxl

===== 0002601_19040130_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDFELLOWS AT DIN:ER. Presentation to the Past Grand of the " Prince of Wales " Lodge.

Managed by capable officers, who have its interests thoroughly at heart, the `.` Prince of Vales" Lodge of the Independent Order of Oddfellows (Manchester Unity) has made rapid progressive strides, and a con- gratulatory tone pervaded the proceedings at the third annual dinner held in the well-appointed lodge room at the ," Pelican " Hotel on Thursday evening. The function was a complete success, a large company par- taking of an excellent repast prepared by Bro. W. Chalmers. Afterwards a capital musical pro- gramme was submitted, and various toasts were heartily honoured. The chair was occupied by Bro. T. P. Bradshaw, P.G.' and he was supported at the cross table by Brothers R. H. Halford, G.M., Prink Webster, Prov. C.S., G. F. Freeman, P.G., Joseph Taylor, D.G.M., T. Wadsworth, P.G., (lodge secretary), J. Massey, P.P.G.M., and others. At the outset the chairman remarked that the year 1903 had been a successful one. Although they had paid out the large amount, of £257 18s 10d in sick paid, they had been able to save £lB7 13s id which had been added to the capital and that he thought reflected very great credit upon those responsihle for the management of the lodge. (Hear, hear). The toast of The King" was honoured on the pro-- position of the CHAIRMAN. MAssEv, P.P.G.lVl.lproposed th e health of the "Manchester Unity Board of Directors." He referred to the magnitude of the work which devolved upon the- Board of Management and said he was sure they gave just decisions in all applications made to them. (Applause.) In responding -Bro. R. H. HALFORD, Prov. G.M., said they had every reason to be proud of the Manchester Unity, particularly as it owed its origin to the efforts of workingmen as to its strength and resources, the Manchester Unity now consisted of 458 districts, with-1397 lodges, and 862, 673, financial members. There was, however, still room for an increased membership, and the enlarge- ment of the Order depended chiefly upon the active workers in the -lodges and districts. The Order was worth over £11,000,000. During the year 1902 the total income from contributions &c. was £1,327,000. The amount paid out in sick and funeral pay, management expenses &c. was £945,396, leaving a clear gain for the year of £381,754.

A pleasing incident now took place, Brother T. P. Bradshaw, P. 0., being presented with a Past Grand's gold jewel in recognition of his valuable services to the lodge for several years, including the Coronation year. Bro. R. H. HALFORD made the presentation in fitting terms and eulogised Bro. Bradshaw's faithful services to the lodge. Considering the comparatively short time he had been an active member of the Order, Bro. Bradshaw was remarkably well known throughout the district. Soon after hie initiation he gave evidence of his desire to become an active worker. He made rapid strides in the lodge until he attained the premier office of N.G., and now he had very successfully passed through his period of office. Although he was now, he supposed, going to live in retirement as far as the lodge work was concerned, they hoped to retain Bro. Bradshaw' services as an active worker for Oddfellowship. (Ap- plause.) In thanking the members Bro. BRADSHAW said he joir ed the lodge in December, 1900, and delivered his maiden speech the same night. (Laughter.) In June 1901 he was.appointed inside tiler and had remained in harness ever since. He proceeded to allude to the new departures in the way of social functions, and interchange of visits with other lodges which had been made during his terra of office and paid a special tribute to the help he had received from Bro. G. F. Freeman. He asked the members to second the efforts of the officers by taking a keen interest in the work, and regularly attending the lodge meetings. They could not retain their position as the premier lodge in Warrington unless each member recognized the responsibility which rested upon his shoulders. The membership of the lodge was 468, and he hoped the members would do their utmost during the coming year 'to raise the number to 500, and thus create a record in the district. In conclusion Bro. Bradshaw acknow- ledged the services of all the ofEcers of the lodge. Bro. J. F. NORBURY, P.P.G.M.,proposed " The War- rington District" and urged the necessity lot' more individual effort to extenrl the Order.

Bro. FRANK WEBSTER, Prov. C. S., responded. He pointed out that for the first time in its existence the funeral fund of the district stood at over £2,000 which was invested at 31- per cent. During the year the in- crease of membership had been 49 and he believed the secessions were fewer than usual. The number of mem- bers at present was 1953 and the amount paid in sick and funeral funds during the year was .£9OO. Only one lodge had lost any money and it had experienced a very heavy drain in connection with the old members. He hoped to see the district prosper until it was one of the finest in the Manchester Unity. .(Applause): The health of "The district officers" was honoured and Bro. R. H. Halford suitably responded. 8r0.,J. TAYLOR, Prov. D.G.M.,proposed "The Prince, of Wales' Lodge ' and alluded to the importance of en- couraging the younger members. So long as the lodge had the services of men like Bros. Bradshaw and. Freeman they need have no fear as to its progress. (Applause.) Bro. T. WADSWORTH. P.G. (secretary) responded and said they were now disbursing money at the rate of almost £3OO a year in sick pay alone, and most of that found its way through very Acceptable channels. The interest on the capital had paid off more than one third of their liabilities during the ;ear, which was very creditable. The energy infused into the lodge by the younger members was no doubt largely responsible for its prosperity. The officers all performed their duties: to the best of their ability and they heartily apprec- ated the manner in which the other members rallied round them in promoting entertainments and furthering the interests of the lodge. He was confident that in. the future the lodge would attain a position which at one bime they never even dreamt of. (Applause). The toast of "The host and hostess" was enthusiastic- ally drunk on the proposition of Bro. G. F. FREEMAN, 13-G., and a vote of thanks was accorded to the com- mittee and artistes. During 'he evening Mr. W. H. Ireland, who was in ISplendid voice sang "The star of Bethlehem" and "Mary" with taste and expression, and Bro. J. Willett creditably rendered "Mona." Bro. T. Reddish gave a spirited interpretation of "Boys of the Old Brigade" and later contributed the humorous item " Finnigan's wakes." Humorous songs by Bro. J. Atherton P. 0., were a popular feature. The piano- forte accompaniments were supplied by P.G.'s F. Webster and H. Farrar. The arrangements had been ably carried out by a committee with Bro. T. P. Brad- shaw as chairman and Bro. G. F. Freeman, as hon. secre- tary, and to these gentlemen a special word of praise is due for their indefatigable efforts to ensare the success of the function.

• Warfingtom—Printed and Published by YOld AtIC & CO., at The Examiner General Printing W9rks,, Bewv-street, and published' hy them at' the Ytaiiid place,and also at The Exatitiaer,Mces,Victorialroad, IVIDNA'S ;• 32, 'Grairde=streht,ST. HAIVe; 3, 11rarlret- street, EARLESTONVN ; Church--street, RUNCORN, JAut„ 30TH 1904.

===== 0002601_19040130_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
B. lAr ADSWORTH, I SOLE AGENT FOR THE WORLD-FAMED PIANOS OF JOHN BROADWOOD & SONS. ADDRESS: 59, SANKEY-ST.. WARRINGTON.

WYCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWSEY STREEr WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) EVENING, JANUARY 31ST. SPECIAL SERMON BY THE REV. JOHN YONGE. SUBJECT: WHITAKER WRIGHT: A LESSON AND A WARNING. HOUR, 630. COLLECTION. -- BE WSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH. WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JANUARY 31st it 10.30. Hey. W. C. J. NEVILLE. At 6.30. Er. W. BROUGH. All welcome. Hymn books provided.

GOLBORNE STREE r BAPTIS r C HURuil WAERINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). JANUARY 31st Rev. PRINCIPAL BOWSER, M.A. Morning 10.45. Evening 6 30. In the af,ernoon at 2.30 PROP. BOWSER will give an address to young men and women. All seats free. Come early.

BOLD STREKT WESLEYAN CHLRCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JANUARY 31st. At 10.30 and 6.30. A STUDISIVI. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

W ARRINGTON PERMANENT BENEFIT BUILDING SOCIETY. DEPOSITORS are REQUESTED TO SEND in their PASS BOOKS fOrthe annuli! audit, to sue, NOT LATER than SATURDAY NIiXT, the 6th February. A. A. CLIVE, Secretary, 6, Egypt street, Warrington.

v‘r ARRINGTON INF RNIAR D DIS- PENSARY BALL. THE ANNUAL BALL WILL DEC HELD AT THE ASSEMBLY ROOM LION HOTEL, WARRINGTON. ON THURSDAY, F KBRUARY 11TH, 1904. VETTER'S BAND. DANCING TO COMMENCE AT 9 OCLOCK. Tickets : Ten and Sixpence each. can be had from Mr. P. Pearse, Bookseller, Warrington ; Mr. Hampson, Infirmary, and at the Lion Hotel. W. PETER RYLANDS, Hon. Secretary to the Ball Committee. PASSIVE RESISTENCE.—EDUCATION RATE, ALL INTENDING PASSIN E RESISTERS NOT zET AFFILIATED WITH THE WAR- RINGTON CITIZENS' LEAGUE IFOR NON-PAY- MENT OF THIS RATE, ARE EARNESTLY IN- VITED TO JOIN W ITHOUT FURTHER DELAY. Application should be made to the Secretary. MR. WILLIAM CLATWoR i Hy, 21, Lovely Lane,

'WARRINGTON MARKET TENANTS' ASSOCIATION. THE SEVENTH ANNUAL SOIREE AND BALL WILL BE HELD IN PARR HALL, ON THURSDAY NEXT, FEBRUARY 4TEr, 1934. DANCING TO COSIXICNDE AT 8 O'CLOCK. Tickets may be had from tbe committee, • GHO. ATKINSON. Secretary. W A 11 RsoTh; Gil T 1 c()ANT, LITERARYSOCIETY.—SECONDARY E, E ANDsD AR I PHILO- EDUCATION, PROFESSOR SADLER, M.A.., L.L.D., OF THE MANCHESTER VICTORIA UNIVERRITY, WILL DELIVER A LECTURE ON THE ABOVE SUBTECT IN THE CO-OPERATIVE HALL, CAIRO-STREET, ON TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9TH, AT 8 P. 3.1. ALL INTERESTED IN EDUCATION ARE MOST CORDIALLY INVITED.

PARR HALL, W ARRINGTON. ST. PAUL S ANNUAL TA PARTY AND ENTERTAINMENT. MONDAY, FEBRUARY BTH, 1934. TICKETS (PURCHIShD ON an BEFORE FEBRUARY 6TH) ONE SHILLING, ENTERTAINMENT ONLY (AT 7. P.m.) SIXPENCE. AN EXCEPTIONALLY ATTRACTIVE PROGRAMME HAS BEEN ARRANGED. A DANCE (IN CONNECTION WITH ABOVE) ON TuE4DAY, FEBRUARY 9TH, TICKETS (PURCHASED ON OR BEFORE MONDAY, FEBRUARY BTH), ONE bIIILLING.

WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIET Y SECOND SUBSCRIPTION CONCERT IN THE PARR HALL WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY I:TH., 1903. DR. ELGAR'S "KING OLAF." ARTISTES : MISS AGNES NICriOLLS SOPRANO. MR. LLOYD CH ANDOS TENOR. MR. ROBERT RADFORD BAss. CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA oir OVER 200 PERFORMERS. CONDUCTOR: MR. F. H. CROSSLEY. HON ORGANIST: MR. W. H. PATToN, MuS BAC, LEADER oF ORCHESTRA • MR. R. H. PEARSoN. PRICES oF AlThussleN : Reserved Dress Seats, Body of Rail, 66. ; Reserved Centre Gallery and Second Seats, Body of Hall, 3e, ; Reserved Side alleries, ; Unreserved Seats, Back Gallery. ls. 6d ; Back Seats, Body of Hall, and Pro-n enade, 1.. Doors open 7.1 b p.m. Concert 7.45 p.m. Carriages 10 p.m. Ticket-holders admitted by early door at 7 p.m. The PLAN OF RESERVED SEATS will be opened at Messrs. H. H. PEARSON'S Ltd,. Bold street. to SUbseribers THIS DAY (SATURDAY), January 30th, and to the general public on and after the following Wednesday next, February 3rd. L. W. REYNOLDS. W. B. ATKIN, Hon. Treasurer. Hon. Secretary,

PONT FORGET TO GO TO THE POPULAR CONCERT BY MR. TONI BOOTHROYD'S ORCHESTRA ON SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6Ta. AT THE PARR HALL. IN kID OF THE DISTRICT NUR- ING ASSOCIATION.

WARRINGTON INF IR MAR Y. AT THE SPECIAL REQUEST or THE BOARD OF M AN AGEM ENT, THE ST. MARY'S AMATEUR DRAARTIC SOCIETY BEG To ANNOUNCE A GRAND REVIVAL OF DION BOUCICA.ULT'3 FAMOUS DRAMA, "GRIMALDI." tinder the distinguished pitronage of J. Charlton Parr, Esq., D.L., J.P. (President), the Vice-Presidents, and the Board of Manacement of the Infirmary. PARR HALL, MONDAY, TURSDirtY and WEDNESDAY. IST, 2ND and RD FEdfLUARY, 1904, IN AID or THE FUNDS or OUR PREMIER CHARITY. Snecial engagement of the SPLENDID ORCHlielt.a. of the Entertaining Society. SEE THE MOST 'UCCESSFUL DRAMA EVER PROrUCED IN WARRINGTON. OVERCROWDED HOUSES I OVERFLOW PERFORMANCE! Popular Prices. Plan at Messrs. PEARSON' ' LTD., Bold street. on 23rd inst. NOVEL COMPETITION for a prize of R guinea. For pisrticniars see tickets. On sale everywhere. The cheque is NOT HIDDEN in Messrs, Dolan Bros. windows. W. KILDUFF, Hon. Manager. M. G. HEAR WE Hon. Sees., J. H. J. HAMPSON

WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. GOLD AND bILVER WATCHES. DIAMOND AND OTHER RINGS, CHAINS, BROOCHES, PINS, STUDS, LINKS, and all other Articles of Jewellery practically GIVEN AWAY At the Prices Marked in the Window. Call and see for yourselves before going elsewhere. --- SPECIAL OFFER.-22ct. Gold Welding Rings sold by weight. All shapes and sizes at 6/9 "R PRIVATE AHTTINtI-ARYOOr" 6/9 A Large Stock of Clocks, Bronzes, Forks, and Spoons, Cutlery, Scc. by best makers, at giving-away prices. -- M. RUBENS, JEWELLER, &c. 4, MANCHESTER MEM, LIVERrOOL. -- NOTE.—MONEY Advanced on all kinds of Valuables Lowest Rates of Interest.

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At lessethan half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, Manufacturers and Patentees of High Class ARTIFICIAL TEETHU Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 405.; 'lnlaid Platina. 30s, Guaranteed. MACDONALDS PAINLESS Si YSTEk A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and qnality guaranteed, MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction, MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 40s. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate.' The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, minlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say: Actual manufacturers. To-day says: Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDON &LDS, ST. HELENS, 8-3, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS. 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS.I to 7.30 LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-ST. ATTLNDANCF. DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

PRIVATIt DETECTIVE AGENCY. ALFRED B. HOPLEY, Central Buildings, North John Street, Liverpool, conducts inquiries of all kinds personally and confidentially. Agents in the U. S. A. and Canada.

QIIOP AND WINDOW FITTINGS FOR ALL TRADES(brass r bronzed);Tailors' Blocks and Dummies; Dressmakers' Boxes and Stand—J. YATES, Wholesale and Retail Manufacturer. 21 Brownlow hill, Llverpool.

EXPERIENCED Male and Female NURSES at a moment's notice for all eases.—/kpplv NURSES INSTITU- TION, Hope House, Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephoae 2570 Royal. Telegraphic kddrese " Nurses." VXPACTATIONS UNDER! WILLS, or Life Interests LA bought, or advances made. No charge unless bu Bluets remits; advice free ;Life Policies purchascd.—KNowLEMs7A , Dale street, Liverpool.

HARGRAVES 'TOBACCOS. BSTAB. HARGRAVES' CIGARS 70 YEARS. HARGRAVES' CIGARETTES. MANUFACTORY: SWAN-MINT. MANCHRSTRR.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTE TAILS OF 1. FEom HAIR FRAMES, PORE 5/6 FROM 3/6 EACH, Kam T S BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

WANTED TO BUY, Old Gold and Silver, False Teeth, Jewellery, Old China, Coins, Pictures, Furni- ture, Ladies', and Gentlemen's, or Children's left-off Cloth- ing, &c. High ptiee given; Parties waited upon any distance or cash returned for parcels on acceptance.—Address J. CALLAGHAN, 65. Islington, Liverpool.

ESTABLISHED 1872. JOHN SHAW & SON, WATCHMAKERS & JEWELLERS. 152, 31‘ ARKET ST.! MANCHESTER. J. SHAW and SON invite inspection of their Splendid Stock of GEM RINGS, from 20s. to cRIOO. GOLD BROOCHES, from 6s. 6d. BRACELETS, from 12s. 6d. and Long GUARD CHAINS from 35e. J. SHAW and SON'S Speciality :—Gent's High-class ENGLISH LEVER WATCHES, 18c5. Gold, from £ll lie. Silver from 31s. 6d.. special value. Large assortment of Solid Silver and Electro-plated Goods, suitable for Wedding and other presents, etc. LADIES SOLID GOLD WATCHES from 355. Guaranteed timekeepers. COMPARE OUR PRICES WITH THOSE oF SO-CALLED WHOLESALE HOUSES. TELEPHONE No. 5267,

'NCO ME TAX &ND CHRISTMAS BILLS. PAYMENT OF THESE OFTEN CAUSES MUCH inconvenience. This may be avoided by obtaining an advance repayable by easy instalments or as may be mutually arranged. FOR TERMS AND OTHFR PARTICULARS APPLY TO GEORGE PAYNE ACCOUNTANT. 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. Established 1870.

W ARRINGTON LIBERAL ASSOCIATION THE FISCAL QUESTION. PUBLIC MEETINGS WILL BE HELD IN BRICK STREET SCHOOL, ON MONDAY EVENING NEXT, FEBRUARY IST. AND IN THE WORKINGMEN'S MISSION. THEWLIS 'STREET, ON TUESDAY EVENING NEXT, FEBRUARY 2ND. ADDRESSES WILL 1314 DELIVERED BY W. A. WILSON, ESQ. Doors open at 7. Chair to be taken at 7.45 CHAIRMAN AT MONDAY'S MEETING COUNCILLOR JAMES EVANS. CHLIRMIN AT TUESDAY'S MEETING. CONTNCILLOR DAVID TINNION. The meetings will be supported by Charles E. Parker,Bsq., Thomas Birchall Esq., J.P.. Alderman A . Pierpoint, W• Furness Esq., 00n031110r5 T. Barton, W. Brough, A. Peacock, P. Peacock.J. Wilkinson,L. Ellison, Messrs. Joseph Elwell. jun., W. Croskill, N. Cook, J. T. Barton and others. ADMISSION FREE. C. JACKSON HOLMES, Hon. See.

411 ir IVIAGREL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECT 10N. . . SHEFFIELD MARE WARRANTED, POST FREE Zs., 4s. 6D., AND 58.; 6D. J. EL DODD. los ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

ACCIDENTS OF ALI, KINDS, EMPLOYERS LIABILITY. ACCIDRNT 8c DISEASE Small Pox, Scarlet Fever, Typhoid, Diphtheria. Appendicitis &c. BURGLARY & FIDELITY INSURANC2 RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE Co. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,600,000 64, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAL Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN. DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented jciistricts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate „ Mr, W.H. RlGBEY.Nessaliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latchford St Helene Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Hay dock Mr. J. BILLINGEThe Willows Sandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW Rookery Bridge Farnworth Mr. 3. HOLLAND WATSON.MoortId House

THE RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL OF RUN- CORN. DUTTON AND PRRSTON-O'TH'4ll LL %DAUM w 0 RKS. The Rural District Council of Runcorn INVITH TENDERS for the CONSTRUCTION OF WA.VERWORKS for the Parishes of Dutton and Preston-o'th'-Hill. The works will comprise the excavating and making good of pipe trenches and laying of mains 3 feet below the surface as follows i—About 640 yards 4 inch and 3,823 yards 3 inch cast iron mains, water meter and chamber, sluice cocks with surface boxes, fire hydrants with surface boxes etc. The plans and specifications may be inspected at my office 71, High Street, Runcorn, on and after the Bth day of Feb- ruary, 1904, and copies of the specification, schedule and fo-m of tender may be obtained on deposit of El. Is. which will be returned on receipt of a bona-tide tender. Sealed tenders ecdorsed "Tender for Waterworks" to be delivered at my office not later than the 22nd day of Feb- ruary 1904. The Council do not bind thetnselves to accept the lowest or any tender. By Order, 71, High Street, Runcorn, GEO. F. ASHTON, 28th January 1904. Clerk to the Council.

gOYS YOU WANT BOOTS I'm offPring Sixty I WANT TRADE Style. in Box Calf aud Glace KIO at 86. 6d. a Ers GET TOGETHER time. L ARTHUR EVANS. WSW: J 55. ALDHRSGATh St. LONDON. DEPARTMENTS 15, LONDON HOAD. LIVRRPOOL.

A. AND J. PAN, NBROKBRS, JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPHL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street. and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Actof Parliarnen Strictest secrecy and stralzhtforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes. China. Marble Clocks, Pictures, Ac.. Ac.. always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BAW4AINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY. ',EMIRS' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS. SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, Sm.. Act We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES IIY POST RECEIVE PROMPT • ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. Carerally Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES, BRACELETS, Ac. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. Ni'LAINE'S RICHMOND I'E.EHT, LIVERPOot.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS; BANJOS. STRINGS,of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN T 3 YROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER. (Pupil of G. A. Chanot) , 57, RENSHAW-STREW (corner of Benson-street). LIVERPOOL.

A CHOICR CIGARETTB SLJDLO IV'S SPECIAL SILK-CUT CIGARETTES. GUARANTEED HAN'D•XADE FRI3I PURE VIRGINIA ToBACCO. SD PER OUN3R. 2s. 6D. Pita QUARTBR-POUND BOX. rir • OUDLOW AND CO., 'CIGAR ISIBRCEIANTS BETWEEN PARE'S BANK AND CFOTRAL STATION, WARRINGTON.

Swiss PINE CURE. THE ONLY REMADE REMEDY FOR RHEUMATISM, LUMBAGO. SCIATICA. STIFF NECK, RPRAINS, SORE THROATS, BRUISES. CHEST COLDS. WEAK BACK. CRAMP, STIFF JOINTS, CHILBLAINS, (UNBRoICEN), AND ALL NEURALGIC PAINS. Relief is obtained by the first application, and tw) or three applications are usually sufficient to effect a cure. SWISS PINE CURE has repeatedly succeeded after all the usual internal and external remedies have failed. The authenticated proofs of decided approbation. given un- solicited from all parts of the Kingdom, with a rapidly in- creasing sale, fully warrant the assurance that no person suffering from these disorders will,after a trial,be without it. Its use requires no precaution whatever, and is perfectly safe in all weathers. PRICE Is. PER BOTTLE, POST FREE, is 3d. SOLE PROPRIETOR : G. F. BRIMSON. ANALYTICAL AND DISPENSING CHEMIST, ADDLESTONE OR THROUGH ALL CHEMISTS. WHOLESALE AGENT& : BARCLAY & SONS, LTD.

ALLAN LINK.—TO CANADA, UNITED STATES. LI RIVER PLATE, AND INDIA. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. lONIAN Halifax N.S Feb 4 RHENA NIA St John N.F. and Halifax 7eb. 9 CITY OF BENARES Calcutta Feb. 11 SICILIAN Halifax and St. donn N.B. Fob. 11 ANATOLIA. OCEAN RATES—To Canada, Saloon from 211. Second' Cabin. £7 10s.; Third Class £5 ICs. To India, £37 10s.and '227 10s. For full particulars apply to ALLAN'S. 103,Leadenbalifi treat London. E.C..tand /9.lJames-street, Liverpool. verso—ap.„.

- 25. 6D. COLL dOTION OF SEEDS. THE VERY BEST QUALITY. T Will Send, Post Free, One Ounce each of Hollow Crown Parsnip, White Spanish Onion, Selected Carrot, Packet each of Radish, Turnip, Cabbage, Lettuce, Giant Sprouts, Savoy,Kale, Broacoli, Autumn Giant Oanliflowe", Beet, Leek, Marrow. Celery, Cucumber, Tomato, Six Paesets Flower Seeds. Good, Reliable Seeds. Illustrated Catalogue Free. G 1. A LDV, SEEDSMAN. STROUIr GLOS.

PHONOGRAPHS, GRAPHOPHONES AND GRAMOPHDNES. THE CITY DEPOT FOR THE EDISON. COLUMBIA AND GRAMOPHONE:, Co's. PHONOGRAPHS AND RECORDS. A LAME AND VARIED STOCK OF RECORDS.I THE AMATEUR PHOTOGkAPHIC DEPOT, 71, OXFORD-ROAD (NEAR ALL SAINTS), MANCHESTER.

ROBERT I OWE, BSTATE AGENT, AUCTIONBR & VA.LUBIi Office and Saleroom.: No. 1, BANK-SD:MIT WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE. No. 55. CASA &DVA.NCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED POU SALE. Nevi and Second-band Farnitnre and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Ins pection invited Furniture, U., warehouse.i.

PATENT "PEVERIL" FIRE GRATES. TBE MOsT CHEERFUL FIRE EVER INTRODUCED. POSSESSES MANY ADVANTAGES OVER THE ORDINARY STYLE OF GRATE. JOSEPH S. GARLAND INVITES INSPECTION AT THE SHOWROOMS, 51, 53, & 55, BRIDGE STREET WARRINGTON. LARGE STOCK OF WOOD CHIMNEY PIECES IN OAR, MAHOGANY, WALNUT ETC.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE, CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT W AREHOU, E E COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING ISHOE- IMMENSE (IVA RIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

31' ANNUAL SALE. OF ALL SURPLUS STOCK. WINTER OVERCOATS AND suirs. FOR MEN, YOUTHS AND BOYS OF EVERY DESORIPfION, TO CLEAR, WE MAKE AN EXCEPTIONAL REDUCTION FROM 4s. TO 10s, IN THE 2. THERE WILL BE SOME BIG BARGAINS ALL ROUND, AND WORTH AN EARLY INSPECTION. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 & to, HORSEMARKET STREET.

J. M. GREENHALGH & CO., CABINET MAKERS, UPHOLSTERERS & DECO RATORS, '1.38 & 140, BRIDGE STREET,WARRINGTON, ~3EG TO INFORM THERUBLIC :THAT THEY WILL HAVE:ON SHOW DURING NEXT IWEEK A VERY FINE SELECTION OF DINING-ROOM, DRA WING- ROO V- AND BEIJ-1100A FURNITURE, SUITES RANGING FROM .E 9 UPWARDS. INSPECTION CORDIALLI INVITED.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERFCC%, 'RAJAH MAKER AND PRINT SBLLBR. A LArge Assortment of Framed Pictures, sultableffor Wedding and Birthday Presents. School Prizes, go. Terms Moderate. A FINH COLLBCTION OF PLIO.I2OGRAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Gallerier.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 122 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, 0 EIVELLERS, SLVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES. (BY ALL THE LELDuge ntAXERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY OF EVERT DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old told and Silver Antiques,eDiamonds etc., bought or taken in !exchange. filotey advance on Jewellety, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, ac., to any amount at low rates of Interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE. 2061.

GEDDESS DANDELION COFFICE The best and cheapest ever offered te the Pnbll,. Sold by all Grocers and Druggrists,,, ()sinister 6d.. and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AN SON. LTD WARRINGTOB ESTABLISHED 1833.

W. HODGKINSON, LTD. GREAT RE-BUILDING VJLEARANCE SALE OF RIGH-CLASS DRAPERY, NOW TAKING PLACE EXTRAORDINARY BARGAINS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. 34, 44, 46, 48, BRIDGE Sr, WARRINGTON.

Inonfp

RRVERSIONS.—AII classes of Reversions bought quick completions ; loans arranged at lew rates Mortgage seeurities wanted at 3 to 4i per cent.--T, SMITH WORBLEY. 26, Cooper street, Pdanobester.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY. A YOUNG GENTLRM&N. knowing the difß3ulty in obtaining PRIVATE CISH ASSISTANCE, and !riving large uninvested fends, is desirous of lending sums of £5 to ELM) to Tradespeople, Farmers, Publicans, Lodging-house Keepers, Jobmasters. Medical Men, Clergymen, Managers, Foremen, Clerks, Ladies and Gentlemen. No loan offilee formaities. Distance no object. Letters answered at once, and the actual lender will call with the cash. Special terms and immediate attention to applicants from Warrington and Cheshire. Why get sureties, pay heavy interests, and large instalments, when you can borrow at reasona'ale rates. O. RUSSELL RFQ, 64, Biekerstaff street, St. Helens.

NO FEES ! NO FINES! I NO PUBLICITY ! ! ! AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY ttt) in STRICTEST PRIVACY to all respectable House- holders, Tradespeople, Farmers, and all s ersons worthy of credit, without sureties or bondsmen, " cn eimple promis- sory note only," at reasonable interest and easy repayments to suit all classes. Distance no object. Call or write in confidence to THE CHESHIRE AT/VANCE CO., 13 Leah-street, Sankey-street, Warrington; also at 16, Greenwood-street, Altrincharn. Head Office: 59,Brunswiek- street, Hightowss, Manchester. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

uN I 0 N CkEDIT BANK LIMITED Estahlished 183 F. Registered Capital. £1 HEAD OFFICE: 38, RENBII tw-SVREET. LIVERPOoL. 'Advances made from £5 to £5,C00 upon personal security. Deeds, Shares. Policies,Reversions Annuities. &c. £lO Repayable ss. weekly. Entire interest...£o 14s. 9d. £5O „ 20s. „ II .. £3 8. ed. £lOO „ 40s. „ ,0 ~ £6 lbs. 'ld. Other sums proportionately fills discounted. Also ad- vances for fixed period.. SHARES bought and sold for cnstomers—Further particulars on application, personally or by letter. Tel. 2438 Royal (Liverpool). RICHARD DAVIES, Manager.

IMPORTANT ANN oUNCRMENT TO THE PUBLIC. wRI ARE PRRPARED TO GRANT SPECIAL TERMS TO ALL PERSONS BORROWING MONEY FROM Us. Do NOT 1" EiITATE. RUT WRITE AT ONCE, WHF.N OUR MANAGER WILL PALL UPIN You AND GRANT YOU TITT7 AMOUNT You REQUIRE. NOTE THE ADDRESS: 11 EAST STREET (NEAR THE COUNTY COURT), ST. HELENS. Established the last Century. _ ON EY .—NO FEE'S. NO FINES. NO AT a sEIRRTIRS. NO BILL OF SALR TATCEN. The great secret in borrowinz mon.y is to find a respect- able place where you are honourably dealt with. This old-establisbed office is well known for its reape3tabil- - and moderate charge of interest. You can rely on 'its privacy. Before applying elsawhere apply and be convinced TO THE MANAGER IL CALVERT), Claughton Chambers, St. Helens. All letters promptly attended to

44,"'" £lO, £l5, £2O, £25, £SO.—ADVANCES mADH to ALL PERSONS WORTHY of CREDIT, Oil NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TERM FOR SHORT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit male by our Manager on same day of application who will grant you the money AT ONCE if satisfactory. NOTE : THE BRADFORD ADVANCE Co., 691 AYDOCK STREET NEAR THE MARKET PLACE EARLR4TOWN.

£lO, £2O. 1:30. IkDVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEIN. FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Raspeet. able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOVRABLH DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FRRELY M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STkTION. MANLGER 301 IN R. GOODWIN. B.—Established at this kddress Twenty Years,

ESTA.BLIMMED 1575. RlOto £1.003 Immediately advanced (IR NOTE OF HA ND ALONE. LOW INTER HST. EASY REPAYMENTS NO PRELIV(INARY FEES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of years I have been estab- lished is proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner in which I have always omdu2tel my business. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. B. HARRIS. 2. KING-STREET, HANLEY ; OR 13, NEWGATE-STEHEr. CHESTER.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENI PRIVATELY In large or small StIM3 (110 t less than £10), payable by instalments, or as may be mutually arranged, ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. The undersigned has been ESTABLISHED UPWARDS OF THIRTY YEARS. and nae formed a very large connec- tion. During the last 20 years alone the, total amount lent by him EXCEIDEU £1,250,00Gi 3-re IR, received HUNDREDS OF` UNSOLIC!'uD LETTISRS OF THANKS and has annually, for the past seven years, issued selections from these in pamphlets, of which nearly 400,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for Advances, or any Information de- sired, will be supplied FREE OF CHARGE, on application, either personaUyor by letter, to ;..... GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, CoUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS. 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL OR To THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20 KENNEDY--iTRE NIMCCFIEiT TR

Only those who use 9 van .!:•loutens „„, ocoa know how good it is to drink. If you have not tried it, buy a new 6d. tin. You will get 25 cups out of it and will enjoy every cup. 9 wilea autens cepa "•" 24Z No Cocoa Equals It. Only One Quality. BEST & GOES FARTHEST.

Soups are made richer and more nourishing by the addition of BOVRIL "Tell the Cook."

4 99 rs- r 4 ‘lj 11 `4ll\ NOZ The ersai ,Disinfectan . 4 THE ONLY DISINFECTANT 2, Fit for Household Use. FRAGRANT, NON-POISONOUS, DOES NOT STAIN. " SANITAS " is used at most ALS and by most BOARDS OF HEALTH. Pamphlet Free on Application. FLUID, SOAP POWDER, POWDER, FUMIGATORS, SOAPS, FLOOR POLISH, EMBROCATION, SULPHUR CANDLES, dc, THE " SANITAS" CO., Ltd., Bethnal Green, LONDON.

pioLa STEEL for Ladies. PILLS A FRENCII iiIINIEIDY SUPERSEDING Baffle APPLE, PIL COCEIIAC, PENNYROYNL, to. ilO3. 43.63. po3t free. Obtainable only from ALRTIN, CHEMISI, SOUTHAMPTON

MERRYWEATHER ON WATER SUPPLY AND FIRE PROTECTION of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements. . WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS: MERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C,

WEDDING RINGS. eIIARLES WOLF'S NOTED GUINEA GOLD WEDDING RINGS A HANDSOME PRESENT, GIVEN to every pur- chaser of a ring. Engagement Rings a Speciality. I iWALTHAM, ELGIN, & ENGLISH LEVER WATCHES. For Jewellery of every description the public will benefit by visiting, CHARLES WOLF Wholesale Jeweller, 10, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL.

PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY, ETC. Eg i FOLLOW OTHERS GOOD EXAMPLE -- AND —..----..--..-----,-----..--- 1 t. FURNISH qi 0 .. Established 154.7, MANCHESTER. \-0.) Who have received hundreds of ter unsolicited testimonials. ft 4 PITTS'S FURNISHING GUIDE con- 01 '6 taMing 800 Artistic Designs priced. Post Free. Cash Quotations Only. (+D.. g(l' Easy Payments 10 per cent Extra. ic•-.4 441 '4 LONDON ROAD & GAYTHORN. (* .---------.. le?,

,‘ Fuld. MANY A FLOW N:ft IS BORN TO L. BLUSH UNSEEN, AND WASTE ITS SWEETNESS ON THE DESERT AIR," sang the poet Gray; but a trades- man nowadays must not endeavour to emulate modest violets' example, or he may quickly blush when seen in the workhouse through so effacing himself. Rather ought he to $ and boldly farth like a tl4.ming poppy in a field of corn, and thus become the cynosure of all eyes both near and far. pur WI NOT OMIT TO REMIND YOU OF' THEIR PRESENCE. No, we are co stan ly putting forward points for prudent people to ponder over. We do not intend you to forget that ours are the largest Furnishing Prem'ses and Stock, that there is £'.10,030 worth on view,that our Show Windows, 300 feet long form the grandest display, and that our proprietor is the Doyen of the Furnishing trade with a record ot t 8 years. Most remarkable of all, however, is the WONDERFUL VALUE we offer, due to our large TRANSACTION and sound business methods, purs's ARE PERSISTENTLY PRAISED BY THEIR PATRON'S. Almost every post brings some- thing similar to the following :—" Plymouth-street, Lower Broughton, November 30th, 1903. Dear Sir,—l wish to thank you very much for your kindness and patience with regard to our payments, and also to express our ENTIRE SATISFACTION with all the goods that we have bad from ycn, and I shall have great pleasure in recommending you for a RELIABLE FIRM to deal with.—Yours truly,—.' PITTS'S PLEASE THE PUBLIC PRESS ALSO. We could fill this newspaper with favourable notices. Here is one from the " Blackpool Times' of December 12th, 1903 : " Pitts's, the futnishers, have been established nearly 60 years, and each year their reputation has grown as scientific furnishers and reputable business people. Send for their catalogue, and if you are going to buy furniture you will do well to pay them a visit before deciding." pITTS'S MARVELLOUi HOUSES OF FURNI— TURE at 1t 22/. 28/ 381, 50, 76, 100, 200, up to 2,000 guineas represent the HIGFIKST STANDARD OF EXCEL- LENCE PROCURABLE AT THE PRICE. Their SUPREME MERIT has gained the UNIVERSAL APPROVAL of the most astute buyers. Full particulars free. SAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTER. LONDON ROAD (&rdwick and Longsight Oars). GAYTHORN (all City Road Cars pass doors).

• DR. DE ROOS COMPOUND, RENAL PILLS Arejustly celebrated all over Use world es the most safe and spec dy remedy for Pain. in the Back, Gravel, Lumbago (lout. Rheumatism, Weakness across the Loins. Sandy (); other Deposits, Stone in the Bladder, Discharges, and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nerfous, often arise solely trom comtaminatlon of the blood with certain impurities which should hive been carried off by the kidneys. every Package bears the Government stamp, with the words. " WA-LTIVI DB ROO3, LON DUN.' thereon, by order of his Majesty's Hon. Commissioners. Price Is, lid. and 2s. 9d. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Pr3prletor Holford House, Holford-square, London, W.C.

TO MORROW MAY BE TOO LATE To try Holdroy4's Gravel Pills. Get a box to-night. A Positive Cure for Backache, Lumbago, Sciatica, Gout,. Dropsy, Gravel. &c. Money returned if not satisfied, is. lfd. all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps from Holdroyd's MedicaHall, Cleckheaton, Yorks. • is wonderful water proofer for BOOTS & HARNESS. Sof- Elates, tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow polish- ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITION HIGH EST • • AWAKDS. übbuiTins zei.. 6d., I,- 6.2%6 of Boot Makers, Saddlers, Ironmoneers dec. Mann/actors, East Duk-usch, London.

- - 'WASHING AT HOME. .anazoiroanns "VOWEL HUI" Waltham& W.laglalt. and Handling Haaktuan '3AVIII TIME, SAVE LABOUR. and SAVE THE CLOTHES. Writs for Catalogue, pest/see saahlasitiffins. THOMAS SRADFORD 5 00., 140, Lir, and 42, HIGH HOLBORN, Larnaca ; Vic-ram" DILAWSGATE, MAHOHISTBR; RI" /bac.a.arnanrr, Livwcom.; Came:arm Ina" Wasucs, &wawa.. FrllEtEr) IVIMbr• When you are tired of taking mysterious prescriptioncand Weary of wearing Elactri2 Belts, write tome,, and I will send You a Book, which shows how every man, young and old, Inlay be quickly and thoroughly cured of NERVOUSNESS. EXHAUSTION, VARICOUELE, and DEBILITY, from any cause whatever. winiour STO3IACH HROICINv, or BLED INIOLLY. Hundreds of cures. Book sent sealed,post free, for two stamos.—A. J. LEIGH, 92 and 93 Great Russell / St., London, W.O. Over seventeen years' successful results.

Casume Is the most n sustaining Food on earth. COMPLETELY REMOVES INDIOESTION, COW_ STIPATION, UNIQUE tor ANiE %ILA, FEVERS, GOUT, CONSUMPTION, DIM:IEI'ES, RHEUMA- TISM and INFLUENZA. Writu for free sampla of CASUMEN, with LANCET report and full particular,. ilb post free Is.—PRIDEAUX'S FOOD CO.. MOT- .:OMRR, DORSET : or through Chemists, Stores. etc.

_ KEARSLEY'S 100 Y EARS.REPIITATIOPI z WIDOW WELCH'S z- FEMALE PILLS. 0 Awarded Certificate of Merit for the cure of all irregulaei- attemia, and all femsle complaints. They have the approval of the Medical Profession. Beware of Imitations. The only genuine and original are in White Paper Wrappers Boxes is Icl and 2s 9d of all chemists, or by post, 14 or 34 Stamps by the makers, C and G KELASLEY, 17, North street, 'Westminster. [Note White Wrapper.] 'TO W L ES't --; S- -I—TO BE IMO OF ALL CHEMASTS.IN BOXES //pi. 2/9. On4aORSENTAN7IVIERE ON RECEIPT 0F151101a5 STAMPS sr E.T.TOWLE4C46IfIOII6 ROW NOTTINCh'AM. • 1 4 DON'T COUCH for VPATIFC'S LOZENCES EASILYCWE .ITIE WORST COUCH. One gives relief. An increasing sale of over SO years is a certain test of their value. Sold in 131 d. tins rveryshere. gkagglill"6l22l3;f4-

• 10: mme"'"'"VirThimum _

FOOTBALL. 8,22 4POryrlettLyß MuLrLatelA.ReD2p.rieSnctiewnotirttliLcboinp; superior finish, bit. £4 10s.. 6ft. to 155., 71t. £7 ss. Obtain from local agent the Special Catalogue of GEORGE G. B USSY.Y & Co., Billiard Manufacturers. London.

The dinner gong.. I Three or four times a day— three hundred and sixty- five days in the year—we " eat to live." Some palatable dishes and condiments are not con- ducive to good digestion. Some very materially aid digestion and thus promote health. Colman's Mustard be- longs to the latter class. It is eaten because it is liked—because it gives a zest to the meal. But its real value lies in the fact that it stimulates the diges- tive organs. Yr, „‘ „::,.. 1" . .9 :', . ~ .:, , I-. . -4,..,. ...... fr t ,'- . ! i 7 -; ts , 1 .

Montegtit berbantO, ett

WANTED, Housemaid. Nursemaid and a General; good character required —GRAMMAR SCHOoL, Sale. WANTED, immediately, 000 K-GENERAL; good refer- ence necessary. —5, PROMENADE, Southport. HATT'S Registry Office,2B) Bexley Heath,Kent. Ladle quickly suited. Servants wanted every day. WANTED USEFUL HELP, for family of three no children.-26, BOwKER STREET, Higher Broughton. Tvl ! ANTED, COOK-GENERAL. no washing; must have V good reference.—Apply, 17 MARKET STREET, Leigh. WANTED Two Good GENERALS for farm house.— Apply Mrs. HUNT, Home Farm, Ashton-in-Slakerfiald WANTED Mid.ile-Aged Servant WOMAN.—Apply J, HARRIBoN, Eagle and Child.Bispham, near Ormskirk.

WANTSD, good PLAIN COOK for Institution. No washing.—MATßON. Cripple's Home, Idarshside, Southport.

WANTBD, atrorg GIRL. 15 or 16; one able to milk.— Apply Mrs. CATTERALL, Horee,toae Farm, Buxton, (Thorley.

WANTBD trustworthy GAM ORAL at once. &poly Mrs. SWLVT, Packet Wane Hotel, Burscough Bridge, near Ormskirk.

WAND,M a good 000K-GENBRAL ; Protestant.— Apply Mrs. LAMB. Jhatharn House, Kirkby, near Liverpool.

NVANTIM GENERAL. for private Mouse; three in family.—Mrs. R, W. Scams, 34, Rock lane West, Rock Ferry. VVANTED good COOK-GENERAL. State age and wages. Mrs. HYDE, 86, Wellington Road, Heaton Chapel, Near Stockport. -- yANTED. good GENERAL SERVANT.—AppIy. Mrs. Kr, Shoulder of Mutton, Halcombe. Ramsbottom, near Manchester.

WANTED, HOUSE-PARLOURMAID, age 25 ; Church of England. Apply to Mrs. GARRATT, Stapleton House, Frodsham. QERVANTS iNanting situations should send for Bmplly 0 ment Register, free.—TYPEWRITING CO., City Chambers, Cardiff. A LL Classes of SERVANTS Requiring good SITUATIONS 11 should apoly to Mra. ASKEW, Norton House, Penrhyn road, Colwyn Bay, WANTED, SERVANT GIRL about 16, for Bury; state experience and wage requirad to K. El;," Examiner' Office, Warrington.

WANTED. respectable (.14sNBRA.L ; fond of children references; required. —Wool:atm TZERACE. 49, Church street, Leigh. WANTS!), good COOK-GBNBRAL ; small family; good wages to suitable perton.—Mrs. ALEXANDER, Sunny-, side, Fairhaven, Lytham.

WANTED a Respectable GIRL as General; good wages ; must have good character. —Mrs.. 11., 21, Warwick Drive, Liscard, Cbeshire. WANTED, GIIIIRRAL ; able to wash; family of four; early riser; gool references ; 2r2.-48, OSBORNE ROAD. Tuebroolr, Liverpool.

lir ANTED, Good OBNBRAL ; fond of children; help given; no washing; good wages.—Apply 8., 42, Norwood avenue, Southport.

yik.NTBD a good GBNisaa.L. for New Brighton. small family, plain cooking. small wash.—Mrs. MADDocK, 55, Falkner street, Liverpool. C- - OOKS, Cook-generals. ousemaids, Generals Wanted; H some for master,snistress only.—BorromLEY'S Registry, Morley street. Bradford, works.

V aNTAD (food .COOK-GbUillittAL. good .wages to trustworthy, reliable girl.—Apply Mrs. MORGAN, Belle Green lane, Ice, near Wigan. • T ADIBS requiring good re'iable servants should apply to 1.4 THE LONDON REGISTRY, Bull street, Birmingham. Promptness and satisfaction guaranteed. NVANTBD. good GENBRAL for farmhouse; liberal wages to a suitable person.—Apply Mrs. GERRARD, Horton Hall, Tarvin Sandi, Chester.

WANTBD goad GIMBAL ISBRVANT, wages 6s per week. References required.—MßS. BURGESS, Brook House, Highfieid, Pemberton,Wigan. - - WANTBD, strong GIiNBRAL, family of three; good borne; washing put out; references required.—Apply Mrs. Jonxsom, 36, Park street, Warrington.

WANTBD YOUNG GIRL 16 to 18, to make herself generally useful; good references.—Apply 13, PERU, STREET, Cheetham street West, Manchester.

WANTED Strong GIRL about 16 or 17 to assist in house- work. One from the country preferred. Reference. Address 6 UPPER GEORGE STREET, Tyldeslev. ANTIOD, HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS for country vicar- age ; small family.—kpply, stating wages, &c , Mrs. XITTLER, Baton Vicarage, Congleton, Cheshire.

VivrANTED, COOK-GENBRAL. ll3'-£2O, age 25 30; 4ln fsmily ; small wash ; housemaid kept; good reference required.— L , 7, Devonshire road, We+t Kirby.

WANTED COOK, Or COOK-HOUSEKBBPRIL for small family; state full varticulars and age. —Mrs. STUBBS The White House. near Dunham Park, Aitrincham. 00K-GBNERALS, Kitchen maids, and Generals Wan ted; ‘J good references iudispensab'e. MRS. FARNwoRTH, 60, Bark street, Bolton, Lancashire. Stamp for reply.

WANTED .thoroughly good GENISHILL ; good plane ; three in farnilv ; moderate liberty ; wages about £lB reference.—WlLsox,•2l, Lathom road, Southport.

WANTRD 11.13NSFIAL ; younir preferred. or Domesti- cated Hein, Comfortable home. with every consider- atlon.—Apply, 18, PILE. DIGTON BOLD, Southport. - WANTED. STRONG GUM 17, to assist in housework; mast be fond of children ; 3 in fault ly ; reference required.—Mrs. J. SHAwcßoss. 420. Northenden road, Sale.

LtoLwCnLpAuß siZiFp:3ll4.ate"%l orrewadrTtefri43ll 4)Außlrjovccr (only office). 6,oldbam street, Manchester. Rstablished 1862 AvANTRD good COOK—GRNICRAL ; no washing ; nurse- housemaid kept ; two children ; state age, experi- ence,&c. ;wages 220.—Mrs. UNDEawoon Congleton.Cheshire,

IVANTHD COOK GBNERA.I. and HOUSEMAIDWAIRBSP, with stood rate; laTnhly two.—Address full Dartleolars Mee. ROGERSoN, the Bungalow, St. Annee-on-the-SeR.

WANTRD Superior OOOK-GRNRRAL, otile to waati and V Iron, wages 224 ; also Housemaid-Waitress, £lB, both for the coent-y. —Apply Mrs. WRIGHT, Registry Office Clifton street, Wigan.

ivITABTED good (OCNIMALS from 18 to 28: on immedistely in ChPshire, good home; good refer- enees.—Mrs. MvGRAW; 10, Devonshire street, Higher Broughton, Manchester.

ALL CLASSIIS OF SITUATIONS. private and public, good horneq. excellent wages ; places In town,countrv, and seashie.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street. Manchester.

WANTED, at once for Southport.good COOK-GRNERAL an H OIJSR MAT D; 41e° required inFebruary thorn ughlv exnerieneed General for London.---A.ddress Mrs. HOPICI NSON, Church Field, Chorlton-com-fiardy, Manchester.

WANT/CD, good 000K-Ell4NglikL, and HOUSIMAID. for gentleman's family ; good characters and experi- ence required ; washing out ; parlourroaid kept; country place.—Apnly to Mrs. MALLomr,Mobberley,Knutsford. WANTBD at once NURSICRY GOVERNHaS, also cooks, housemaids waitresses and generals.—Apply BROWN'S HIGH CLAW; SERIINTS' REGISTRY, Dressmakers Ladieb' and children's outti,:tersAc ,63, erode st, Warrington

A LL CLASSES Superior SERVANTS WANTED. for /11._ London, Scotland, Northumberland, Ac.—CoUNTY REGISTRY (110 e and Female Servants), Spring Bank, Preston. Branches : Sunderland, Durham. N)rthumber- land and South. CIOONS, Waitresses, Sewingmaida, Housemaids, Nurses, Kitchenrnaidg, Underhousemaids, Betweenma.ids, Generals, good characters indiso.nsable.-12vATFIELD. Victoria Registry, 23 Victoria street, Manchester.

100K4 WANTED £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitress £lB k_} to £22. Generals £lB to £2O. Girls £l4, excellent places. No connection with any other office. —Write to HARRISON'S 6. Oldham street, Manchester. IVANTED, immediately, all CIAS4R3 of superior SER- VANTS. Good reliable situations. Cooks, House- maid-Waitresses, Kitchen-malds, and superior Generals.— Mrs. READ'S select Registry, Rusholroe. Manchester.

YRS. PRHSTON. Progressive Servants' Agency, 44. Charles strett. The oldest established in Blackpool. ants SBRVANTS with reference. for Hotels. Boarding and Private Houses ; good wx.res ; enclose stamp. Tel. 0637.

WANTHD, for family at nxton, exnerienced HOUSE- MAID-WAITIMS ; linglish ; Protestant ; wages £lB to £2O; Cook and Housemaid kent.• -In reply, please state age, length of reference and previous ex pPrience.— Address L. 22, " Examiner" Office, Warrington,

PENKIFITH.-00ttage1 4e Od., 31. 94. and le. 84. per week OFFICES MARKET STREET Apply ROBERT Lows. Estate Agent. No. 1 Bank-stroet Way, elngton. Telephone—No 56.

FURNISHED OFFICE; parcel room; 40. weekly.— ' WRIGHT,. 6 Grafton Mews, Fitzroy Square, London. IStamp.

MAGIC PuSTJAItDS.-3 for 20., post ftee.—Bßocx, 58. Ashburnbam road, Kensal Rise, London. DO YOU PHOTOGRAPH ? You can double your income. Stamp for particulart.—TFBTEß BROS. Seaford.

PIOTURS POST OARDS,-Bd. doz.. 35 Is, 9d., post free, best sort.—Jacxsow. Prieter. Burton-on-Trent. LA1;141:187 6Vd.eVß"Els&i, Lren3ir ;orisintroureetsiognusa,renezertetrall, 2 / SUITS to Measure.—Fancy Tweed. Black or Navy 1,- Serge. Patterns.&c.free.-91 W C.,astzaoN,Gainaboro'

14 YRS.—lnflammation and kindred diseases speedily Cured IPA Send P.O. lc—Davis, Vla Lurrne Gardens Battersea. 20,--1 CRAZY SILKS, is. ; 70 Crazy bilk Velvets for IJ patchwork, Is.—Tius. BRIMS CLoTEING Co., Sleaford, Lincs. I)RISTING.—C.Theapest and best; estimates free. State _L your wants to CHAS. BUNKER it CO.. 32 Newgate street. London. QE&D POTATOBS.—KinieEdward VII., and Northern kJ Star for sale cheap. —BUTLER, 4 West Villa. Seater, Lincoln.

50 SILK PAIOHWORK FANCY CARD NBRDLES, Poet tree 9 Starnps.—Address. L.A. 9, Goring otreet, Houndsditoh, London.

SHOPKNEPECRS AND AGENTS- Sixty Sstinple Articles with lists post free ls. Novelty Company. 18 WHIT- MORE STREET, Walsall.

WHOOPING CoUGH.—No cure no pay. Send post- card to DEYKIN, 18E Alfred road, Sparkhill, Birmiug barn, for his rapid cure.

BRIITT'z CONSUMPTION MlSS.—This mixture has Cured the most despente eases ; 4s. 64. per bottle. BLACKBoRo Men, Reigate. -1111DIIVOLVING RUBBBR HEMS, Ladies 30. Gents 50. it Postage Id, Cheapest Med in the Wor4,—LA.unix & MCCONNAL, LTD„ Cambridge.

Li_RERNHOUSES. Must be sold before quarter-lay. Great sacrifice; good living to be made. —llaanisoN, Rose Cottage. Northenden road, Sale.

STARTLING OFFIJR.—Five Colonial Life and Sporting Novels, published at 6s.,sent po3t free ior 38.—WEB4TER, 68 Woodhouse lane. Leeds. .

IHINA BARTINNWARB. Cheapest NCI eed crates in the V World ; good Selling Lines, From EL —WARREN, 2 Furlong lane, Burslem, Staffordshire.

FAIZMBRi AND LAN DO WNLIRS.—C KROSOTRD 1 FBNOING, best quality. cheap ; write for prices.—W. BASSoX am) Co., 134, Deansgate, Manchester. QIYRN AWAY.—AbsolutelT F,ee for One Month. Phon- kJ graphs. Bend ls. 10. (the only payment) for Marvellous Offer and Present.—W tIIDELL. Sinnington, York.

A PPLB TRBBS.—A few three-year-old Lord Grosvenor, rt Stirling Castle. and Hcilnville Apple Trees on Sale.— Apply to JOHN PIMBLECY, 3laghtnl. near Liverpool.

T AIINDILY GLAZING (the original), very simple. gives -1-4 appearance of white china. Send P.O. Is. and stamped envelope to SMITH. 7, Hargraves street, Accrington. ARGB assortment of New and Second-hand Leather Suit' -Li Cases. Cabli. Trunks,Portmanteaus. and Bags to be sold cheap.—Wr.wYgn, 107 Charing Cross road. London. 2 Postl,v af rreye , p uLrautiaesse' r Stylishpre sentitteedewl-tiuttbiepUremttbyrlealulae: s. hD. trimmed Handkerchief.—SLADE. Draper, Mortlake, S.W. UIIBTWORK OUTFIT.—Frame, Saws, Cutting Table,Bule J. Hammer, Drill, 3 Files, Design and Catalogue 33. post free ; Catalogue 3d.—SYER CO., 45 Wilson it. London,B.o

ITISITING CARDS, 50 for led.; 100 for ls- 3d. Hand- y tills, Envelopes. Post 04rd5, Memorandums, Billbeads equally cbeap.-.ALBERT E. HALLiner, Pudsey, near Leeds, OYSTERS.—Delicious American, warrantel absolutely pure. Specially recommendad for Invalids. P. 0., 100 55.; 50, 2s. 6d.; 25, Is. 6d.--CHARD, 34 Leadenball street, London.

()FFICE DESK. sft., three drawers. mahogany top, Us.; k Ditto, 81t. 255. ; Ditto, 4tt.. deal top, 7s. 6d. •, Letter Press and Stand, 21. 6d.; Stools.—PHlLLtpe, 141, Dale street, Liverpool.

12LLALINE TRELRISS, Bdno May, Mabel Love, use Mark- selwyns extraordinary Retanaphtbol Soaps. Three shilling tablets, 2a. 6d. Salaried representative required.— RUSSELL COMPAN r Tottenham. it Post frea Marvellous Value. Pair Black or Grey s. kJ D. Corsets. Three large Hemstitchen Handker- chiefs, 1 dozen Torchon Lace, a lace-trimmed Handkerchief presented free.—SLIDE, Draper. Mortlake. 11DICTURB POSTCARDS.—Have you views of Llandrindod 1 Wells in your collection? If not send seven stamps to G GRIFFITHS, Caxton House, to secure packet of eight. Lovely view china at reasonable cost. 4b A NSWFIRS " first prizi. New Firelight blolk make glowing fire 1,003 Times for is, 3cl, post free, wit blaze half an hour. Apdlendid for bedrooms In cold weather, Bnomrt.Estrforr, 91, Fishergate, Preston.

SOLID SILVER WATCH. gles 8 days with one winding; reliable time-keeper 255. cash. Money returned if not appr Ned. warranted for 3 years —EIGHT DAY WATCH tsYNDICATL, 367. Cambridge road. London. N.B.

WATERPROOF COVERS. same material and pliable as. V railway sheetf,l2ft. by 9ft. 128. ; 15ft. by 9ft , is, and any size at is., per sq, yard. with lashes ; Cash re- turned if not approved.—HENßY J. Glesoli, Rye.

T 00K i-4.000 Pairs New Military Bluchers ; sewn very 1.4 beet leather sales ; will send one pair, any size, post free for ss. 6d. per pair ; money returned if not approved of. —H. J. fiatisoN, Government Contractor, Rye. NNTTING. !MING. Itabbit Nets, Football Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.biomas JOHNSON'S, Net Warehouse Corooretion-streot, Manchester.

'IOUNTER, POLISHED MAHOGANY, 13ft., 255.; k_J Bart'er'. Wall Fitment. three Plate Mirrors, 51t. sin. by 4ft. 4in., £5 10 ; Ditto, £lO 10s. ; Bft, 7in. by 41t. 41n. ; suit restsurant.—Pnir.uPs, 141, Dale street, Liverpool. BEAUTIMUL PATCHWORK! Monster parcels selected, lovely Plusher', Velvets, Silks, Is 6d.. ; two 2s. 9d Astonishing value. Prints Is. 3d., two 2s. 4d. Department. 50.— BRITISH ItEmNANT Co., 2, Fawcett road, Southsea.

\-AT ATERPROOF CAPECS.—Lirge size,c3uitable for cyclists or men exposed to the wet. ab-nen. &cc. , arms free, yet covered from the weather, pos free for 3s . cash returned if not approved of.—H. J. Giss Gov ern ment Contractor, Eye

E'3 0 HIDDHN TRIGISURIC Club now form- t)o J lug. 20) Prizes offered in every town and vllldge. Send immediately postal order tor is.. enclosing penny etimp for full particulars.— • HIDDEN TREASURE Office 3, Queen's-road, Reading.

NT!-RIIHUMATIC PADS,—Cure Muscular Rheurna- IA Maul, Sciatica, Gout, and Lumbago by drawing Uric Acid through the pores of the akin. °end 25.; m ,ney returned in full if unsathfactory.—OAßNaLL MEDICAL RUBBER, West street, Ryde I.W.

D ISVPLVING RUBBER HEEL PADS keep the heels -11., always level. Assortei sizes, 6e. 6d. per doz. pairs- Gents, assorted, 7s. 6d. ;ladies, 51. 6d. ; *ample pair 91. Enclose stamp for 119t.—rtUB13Ekt GOODS SUPPLY Co., Nei on street, Blackburn, Lancashire. [WV; "HIDDEN TREASURE "—• Club now form- ing. 206 Prizes offered in every town and village. Send immediately Postal order for Is, enclosing Penny Stamp foe full particulars, " Hidden Treasure "Office —3. QtYREN's ROAD, Residing.

A DVBRIISINCI Combine-I and Productive. Advertise ments inserted in •)() ,oftel provincial Newspanen, with guaranteed Circulations, giving un rivalled publicity, from 45. Bd.—Prospectus end Testimonials free Address " NEWS- PAPER CORPOHITIoN," 47 Plea, street, London. H.C. BIG LOAF,inetead of a Slica of Bre td; Canada's offer:to all persons 'desiring to improve their circumstances. Sati,faction guaranteed. No feet required.—You are invited to enclose envelope for relable information to NORTHERN EMIGRATION AGENCY, 16, Leinster Gardens. Runcorn

ELECTRICITY!—Everyone interested in this science should procure the " Practical Engineer" ELECTRI- CAL Pocket Book and Diary for 1934. Price Is. 2d.. post free ; in leather, gilt edges, Is. &I.—TECHNICAL PUBLISHING CO. (LTD.) 287, thinsgate,iManchester, and all Booksellers, A STOUNDING BARG MN. -3,003 Workman's Ide-i Pt Watches for Sale; Gun metal; non-magnetic. Gold Shield on back. Splendid Tirnekeepar ; last lifetime. Price 10s. 6cl. ea., worth 259. No reduction for puintity.— BURSLEM & Co., Witch Manufacturers, Harcourt road, Broadheatli. Manchester.

BEST and Cheapest MAntnift for Farm and Garden, and effectual rismedy for fly, slug, etc„ Native Guano, prioe 70s. per ton, in bags; 2 ton lots, carriage paid levit. bag Paid to any station in nngland for ss. —Write for twenty- eighth year'd testimonial, NATIVE GUANO CO., LTD., 29, New Bridge street, London, WC

LIDMUND B. DAKIN. St. Paul's Buildings, Sheffield, 112 A earnestly solicits your patronage on behalf of Rngligh Industry.—Razore, is., It. 91., 25., 2s. 6d., and 39. each SCISSORS NAIL or BUTTONHOLB4s. 3d.pair ; CUTTING; OUT or BNIBROIDRia, 1e.34., le. 61., lq. 91. and 2s. pair; FISHICR'vf AN'S SCISSORS (useful present), ls. 6d. pair; LADIRS' POCKBT KNIVHS, Is, 3d., is. 9d., 2s. and 2s. 64. each.

A S LABOUR Is an ESSENTIAL of LIFE! Sn a MARKET of ENGLISH LABOUR! WORKMAN'S USEFUL, KNIFE 10. and is. 6d. each; WORKMAN'S EXTRA STRONG KNIFE. 26. and 2s. 64, each; WORK- MAN'S LOCK-KNIVES.I blade. 2s, ani 21. 6d, each; GENT'S POCKET-KNIVES, I. 3d., Is. 95.,21., 2s. 64. and 3s. gd. each; SMOKER'S KNIVES 4s. 64., 58.4n4 6s. each ; LADIRS' FANCY KNIVES, 4e. 51. and 7s. 64. each ; SPORTSMAN'S KNIVES 2s. 64., 3e. and 4s. each; BOYS KNIVES Is„ is. 3d., ls. 9d., 2s. 64. An. each; DESK KNIVES (for office use 6d. and Is. each. Postal order..— EDMUND B. DAMN, St. Paul's Buildings, Norfolk street, Sheffield.

19 PIECEn SILVER STSNL MBLICWARS ; forks, tea, 4.4 dessert spoons, is. 3d.—SNow, Merchant, Wen- field, Leicester.

o 500 National,Uouble 53. Scientific Racing. Astounding results -IREVOR, Oketon House, Plymouth.

ftl). P. 0., riCUPIibTIO IiKAUIN.T from Photo; stamped enyelope,—PsYcHom ETRIST. 95, Westmorland road, Newcastle-on- fy ne. OSE LAOE 9- KNITTIN BOOK, highly recommended. by " The Que.n," 7d. free.—H. INGLEstnE, Wines, Terrace, Leamington Spa.

_ 's SUITS to Measure. Fit and style guaranteed; Fancy Tweed. Black or Navy Serge ; patterns &c. free.— W. CAMERON, Gainsborough.

SQIGNS AND LETTERS of every description made to order by F. R. LATIIANI, Glass Decorator and Sign- maker, 89, henshaw street. Liverpool. Q UIT LENGTHR, marvelous value, Bs. 6d., us., 12s. 64., 1,3 also Trous,Jrings, patterns free.—J. HLRPER, Woollen Merchant, Gledholt, HuddersliAd.

USlC.—Battle March of Delhi, Bandolero, Spanish J.ll Waltz, Hiawatha. 4d. per copy. —LINSTEAD, 105, Thorpedale toad, Fißsbury Park, London, N. - - _ POTkTO and Cook Shop FIT VINGS, every variety ‘..) Champion RADgell. Potat ) Peelers. Stop on Wheels 116 page List free.—MAßßir s. Poland street, Manchsster.

DON'T THROW AWAY your old typewriter Ribbons. We re-ink any colour. One shilline each —Tan Irmo- TYPE COMPANY, 15 Oxford Road. Stroud Cireen. London.

("WRAP FISH, triers supplied witn all kinds of Frying k_.) Fish, Fishmongers with kits, good quality, mixed, low- est'prices. —Cash with order JAS. LETTori, Pontoon ,Grimsby. QtbitILITY in women ; its causes and curative treatment. LTY By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women, A New RdMon just published, post free 3s Bd. London.— SHELL gY & Co. LTD, 38. Graeechurch-street, D. SBCURES Complete PRINTING OUTFIT. or 2 letter t.. 1 monogram (self-inking) boxed; 7d. secures 7 yea, dater. Energetic agents wanted, commisshm good.—RicclßD BROS., 195 Old Christchurch ..oad. Bournemouth,

I \GNU LICK STAMPS. Envelopes or Labels ; it is vet.; 1/ unseemly and dangerous.—Send to HEARING, Park Farm. Mapperley, Derby, for Patent Gum Wetter, one will serve a lifetime without further cost, post free,l=.,and Is. 6d. GUN, DOUBLE 'MEMEL° *DER, 12 bore, central fire steel barrels, top lever and rebounding hammers. splendid killing gun, scarcely soiled ; to sell quickly accept 4s. ; approval parcels post.—GuN, 17, Buxton-road. Mortlake, Surrey.

IUINA NCLAL TROUBLKS.—Gentleman of large experi- J.: ence and lb fluential private connections amongst Capi- talists places his services to those who need them. Should send full particulars in strict confidence to EQulrv, Addison Gardens, Kensington. London, W.

• HORN QUICKS, oral leaf privets (lft to 6tt) ; Fruit Trees in great variety:Roees,Ornamental Trees. Shrubs, Evergreen Ivies, and other Climbing Plants. All of the &test quality and very cheap, Catalogues free.—ROBERT llonsoN, Manor Farm Nurseries, Cup-let e Penw irtham. TO TAILORS AND MERCHA.NTS ONLY.—Our new J. Winter Patterns of Tweeds. Coatings, Overcoats, Rain- proofs .Ic, are now ready. Newest Styles and Best Value in the Trade. Patte,rts Fre3. P.rcels Carriage Paid.—Apply early to A OLIPH/NT and Co , Manuracturers and Merchants 133 Prone-tie, *wow

TABLE CU i'LERY of Sheffield Manufecture. " W ill give You satisfaction 1" D6S3 HILT sPOONS OR FORKS 3s. 3d half-dozen ;I`A.BLE FORICi or SPOON., 4s. 64. hall- dozen; TNA. SPOONS 38. dozen, is. 94. half-dozen ; DHSS KRT KNIVRS. 3s. 6a. 48. and 6s. half-dozen; T 4.BLES KNIVES, 4s. 6d., 6s. 64. and Ss. half-dozen. Please order white or dark handles. 1-VoRY TAMA K IqINTitS 255., ?Os. and 3-s. dozen; IVORY DHSS tCRT KNIVRS, 22s 6d and 255. dozen. Any of the above carriake paid receipt of your Postal order.-llnsmio B.D &KIN, St. Paul's Buildings,Norfolk street, Sheffield.

KNIGHTSVILLE LADIES COLLEGE, B7ockley, London. Student required ; Examinations ; woderata fees. ST. ASAPR GRAM WAIL SCHOOL, N. WALKS. PUBLIC BOARDING SCHOOL Well equipped. Laboratory, workrhop. Healthy, pizturesque situation. Near Cathe- dral. BracinA Lir. Individual attention. Preparation for university, professional. Lnd commercial exatns.—E. MaiNER, M.A., B.Sc., head master.

- KNI GHTSVILLE LADIES' COLLEGE, BROCKLHY LONDON,—Kioderiart?n Student required ; i.repara- Lion !or Froebel Examinations. Moderate fees.

VIOLIN .—NEW LhTfIOD BY tsti7ClK, tutor of Eubank and Koeian. For terms aprilv Mr. T. 800 THROYD'S MANDOLINF, ZLTIIER, BANJ), AND GUITAR STUDIO. 9, SUKZ-STREEr, WARYZINGTON. QOUTHPORT 'MODERN SCHOOL, SC stRISB FUCK NEW-ROAD. One of the LARGEST PRIVATis SCHI`OLS in the North ot England, CAPT. J. C. UNDERWOOD, A.O P.. F.R.G.S.. Head Master. '

L'AIRHAVIN H Rid SC HOW, FOR GI KIN near lit. Annes-on-Sea.Bracing poeition,seaside,extensive accommt nation iligh-claes Modern Educatmn. Staff includes Residen, B.A. Mistress. and nine Certificated Teachers Exams. successes. Principal : KI-14 MILLN N. lv- R. ERNEST WILKE74, A.L.C.M., Professor of Musie,organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, CUNT. POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 103 Certificate. and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual orgAu for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LovEvir-LANs Warrineon.

URMSTON LADll4;s' CtiLLNG6. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SC.-100L FOR GIRLS, PRINCIPALS : Mrs. F. ELLIDGF, Trained lertificated Teacher, iCart'fied Science and Art Teacher. South Kensiagtou. Miss M. HOLLAND, London Trained Kindergarten Teacher, Assisted by a full staff of Resident English and Foreign Governesses, Visiting Proressors for Piano, Violin, Singing, Dancing, and Calisthenics. Pupils prepared for Oxford and Cambridge Local and Music Xxaminttions. Prospectuses and References on application.

'VLACH and WHITE BULL DOG for Sale, peiigree, very gentle.—Addre.s Miss THoRP, Mere House, Newton-

UGGi from splendid pen BARKED ROCKS, grass run, Li ss.—Jos GEORGE9ON, Pansy Cottage, Square lane Latham. Ormskirk.

pIGR —5O to 80 STORSS for sale each week. All sizes. Delivered free. Inspection invitel. TAYLOR, Newton-le-Willows.

13U1tIS BISCUI eialu, LU pr ew:. ; with mea I. 12s 6d. ; fine chiciren mesl. 123 6d. : put on rail ; cash with orcler.—BulNG and Co., Biscuit Factory, 15, strand- street, Liverpool.

POULTRY MRAL.—We are now making special Xeals for coming winter at 8s: and 10s. per 2501bs , sacks inclu- ded.—liocHE AND Co., 15, Goree-piazzas, Liverpool. (Men inn nan.r,)

(LI 00D. early hatchet' Silver Wyandotte COUICKItKLS ; goou laying strain' s 6s. each. Silver Wyandotte and White Leghorn EGG, ss. per dozen.—G. H. MATTHEWS. Pembroke House, Little Sutton, Cheater. T Y Utility White Wyandotte owls contain birds of the _Ol bests laying strains in existence. Write for catalogue. Eggs 6s, to 101. dozen ; reduction after March. Unfertiles replaced.—A, PowLETY, Monks-Kirby, Lutte,yorth.

WILCOX' 3 POULTRY' SPICR pro Incas more eggs.keeps fowls healthy, prevents gapes and crams, in chickens: tins 6d and is post free 8.1 aod Is 31. Try Wilcox's especial Game and Poultry Meals 18s and 15e per cwt. Wholesale Agents Wanted.—A. & F. WILCOX, Sandyford, Stone,Stafforrishiee.

WD INg 131,4 LS.' —Sebo Itrte n,llutfl. nd Relle4.—A.4dress Enuroa„ 18, Tr Nat. you r rid Clapham, London. - - - ATRolfllL)tlceltAeLrmlsnt. all casesroduction: uvserredherelir:onßfidoeGnEtßiaBl M Ind, 163, Clumber street, Hull.

ASTROLOGY, Advice on Marriage, Health, Ohances,&c.— Send P.O. ls. to PRoFF.BBOR Aftige, 31, Cardigan Crescent, Kirkstall road. Lees.

ATRlMONY.—Genuine. Reliable Introduction. Terms VI moderate. Send particulars.—Mrs. STEwsur, 187 Westminster road, Liverpool.

161/1 ATM MO NIA'. POST." sealed 54; with circular 9d. I.Yl_ established quarter of a century.— IiDITOR, '• M. Post." 12. Trafslgar Buildings. London, W.C.

HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual HOOFING COUGH cure without in terna HOOFING COUGH medicine. • HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price 4s. per tottle. S3le Wholesale BRONCHITIS Aunts : W. EDWARDS & Sox. 157, Queen Vactoria CROUP S:teet, London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

3120tt15, pparos, Boartital 05tabiS czT ANNES-ON-QRA.—Board Residence. Fasing sea. U J South aspect, 255. " flicncßoFr," Hornby road. LONDON. W?isp'S TEMLPIMEITREAD.NCE HOTELS 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. - ABERYST WITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA One of the cheapest and most comfortable Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room and Coffee Room facing the sea. Board terms from 4 guineas per week, or 93 per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast aid attendance from ss. Table d'Hote at 6.50 o'clock. For TARIFFS &C., apply to W. H. PALMER. PROPRIETOR.

partments furntobett 31/ottotstt

COMFOBTABLE APARTMENTS or lodgings for 2 gentlemen widow, no children.-33, MARRURoURE LLNE Warrington. - GUESTS, INVALIDS, CHILDRENS APARTNIENTS recommended, f ree Iist.—WALLACE, 68, Charlwood street, London. - - - APARTMENTS for one or two GHNTLE ANN ; bath &c. ; close to ear terminus.-15, FAIRFIELD ROAD. Stockton Heath.

DRIGHTO fi.—Lady's House, furnished, excellent pos,tion I) £2. Shops snd Villas, £26 to £95. —YousG Flomixcx ANDSADLER, Auctioneers, Brighton. (lortgages wanted). BOARD-RNSIDENOI3, Electricity, Electric Baths, &c. for invalid gentlemen in well appointed house of trained Male Nurse.-STRATIIMORE,Hoscote Park,West Kirby,Che shire DOCTOR recommends home fer Lady, every convenience and comfort, certificated nurse, terms moderate Inclusive.—Address NUME, 7, Daiwood street, Camberwell, London, S.W. -11DRIVATE MOMS for LADIES before an during _L Accouchement, with a fully-trained nurse and midwife; terms reasonsble.—Apply, stirs IlswTaosx, 21. Gaythorpe street, Moss Side, Manchester.

AN SALE. six large OMNIBUSES. to carry 38 'passengers. k_l —Apply, E. HOLDEN & Co., Clarence yard, Bradnbaw gate, Bolton.

()N SALH MARS. rlsint, 5. quiet and good worker in all gear.—Apply Joior VALENTINE,boggart House Farm W rightineton, near Wig An.

ClaltitIAGHS.-10J new and second-hand, of every dib- cription, at lowest prices —GRANT. carriage builder, 259. Oxford road, near Owens College, Manchester. Established 1870.

TIORSES' LOIN CLOTHS, best and strongest in toe market, 46in. long by 381 n. wide, waterproof, on navy Canvas, and weigh 41b. I will send one post free for 35..-. Prom Hy. J. GASsoN, Government contractor, Rye.

Two AD CIVIC in foal CART MIARR6 16.3 and 16.1 hands. 7 years ; in foal to noted shire horse, due to foal Ist of April and 6th of May ; splendid workers in shafts and chains and plough; will work double or single, The above will be guaranteed sound in all respacts and quiet ; would lendto good home and give foals for mares' keep After wean- ing. Price if sold £2O and £2S.—SAMUELB, Wntractor. Sterne street, Boaler street, West Derby road, Liverpool.

_ -- - --- - -- - - ___ - - TOWLE'S C LILORODYNI Renowned for COUlaliz,, rip el Consumption, 1 OW LE'S UHLORODYNI4I BRONCHITIS, _i_ ril Asthma, 0 W LE'S CIILOROD YN El INFLUENZA, ( "I Spasms. ki TOWLE'S fILORODYN`;', 24 doses for 2s. I) L-,TRUS I' A.uL IMITATIONS AND SUB- STITUTES, See that A. P. rowLs and SON Is printed on each bottle.

HENRY MILES AND COMPANY'S /21_ REAT WINTEZ SALE. THE SURPLUS STO-JK. OF WINTER GOODS HAS BEEN REMORSELESSLY R3-MARKED TO EFFECT SPEEDY CLEARANCE BEFORE STOCKTAKING, AND IS NOW OFFERED, TO- GETHER WITH MANUFACTUR.cIb' CLEARING LOTS AND ODDMENTS, SPECLAL FUR:II-LASES AND TRAVELLERS' •SEOCIRED AT mamma's VARYINuf FROM 33A Tf.: 75 PER CENT. ALL FRESiI & FASHLON ‘.131.1i1 G)ODS. GENUINE BARGAINS IN EVERY DEPARTMENT. THIS AND FOLLOWING DAYS, AT THE SIGN OF TIIL4I GLOV6," za AND LOA, CHURCH-STREET (OPPOSITE PRO-CATHEDRAL), AND 5, WILLIAMSON-STREEr, LIVERPOOL.

THE EXAMINER SERIES - PREPAID ADVERTISERENTS APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED • APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS BALES T" Warrington and MU-Cheshire Examiner, pub 'tithed every Saturday morning. THE Runcorn Examino•., published Friday after- -& noon. 'lt is the only Weekly Paper in the district. and ffers the beat and cheapest facilities toadvertisera. THE Widnss Examiner, published Friday after- noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and s rapidly becoming n important centre of industry. THE Bark:town and Newton Examiner, published A- every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Fri da) afternoon.

I P (13 oNi PEBEIRNCLITTDAEDL) QUART SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9,4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 118, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON 13R03, WINE MERCHA.NTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.)

LOCAL NEWS.

CORNWALL. EVILANO'S IDEAL WINTER HEALTH ANL) PLc;kt4l.7ll/11 RESOIV• Wily, IN ORDER TO AVOID THE COLD AND FOGS, INCUR THE TROUBLE ANJ EXPEYSE OF A LONG FOR3IGN JOURNEY? WHNN THE GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY CAN TAKE YOU IN A FEW HOURS TO THE DELIGHTFUL CORNISH RIVIERA. WRITE TO THE SUPERINTENDENT OF TIE LINI, PADDINGTON STATION, LONDON, W., FOR INTERESTING AND COMPREPIEN,IVE ILLUSTRATED BOOKLET FREE. CONTENTS :—CORNWALL AND ITS WINTER CLINIVTE ; THE CORNISH RIVIERA, AND WHAT TO SEE TTI&RE ; SCILLY I,LANDS LX W 161", WITH MULL I`IPTAIATIONT As TO TRAIN AND 'MO TOR C.IR SERVICES; FaREs; PIIOIAL TOUR TICKETS; AND A HANDY MAP. JAMES C. INGLIS, General Minager:

-- _ , - _ . __ _ __ .-• _.. - -_ FOR A FEW JOHN NOBLE, LTD., are offering their , up. to- date Stock of Dressvrear and WEEKS ONLY Household Drapery at SACRIFICE .. PRICES. With the sole object of , Inducing inquiries for their t, .;,..iiii' ' . SALE CATALOGUEI , —lent POST FREE to all -4 11,01: J.N.Ltd. have erected this RE '!IS , VA MARKABLE OFFER as an in,tanc. ti , ~......., , , o.l.lgeteinSaTir t;irelgNdoGi alri ymDeUnt.i..T lONS : 4,000 0 ( Ladles' S t Hair-Guineay) ;s h :. ',, • ~1 ' i, WINTER 8/II at ' ' Model o 2082 k DRESSES setchneda:tl7C t. , 1 BODICE. , oke and eleev€ s lined, V tucked pouched front, collar and ~1 yoke effectively trimmed braid and 4 finished six buttons. Tailor.built . SKIRT, a. ylishly cut, laver; ed pleat ? at back, side fastenings and . ocket. , /..', • In J.N. Cheviot Serge or in Special • .;.', „ frr Zibeline. Colours: Black, Navy, 7 ~.7.',.;,. Brown,Grey, Royal, S:ate,or Ile ,eda. Sale price, Sill. Car. 6d. ex. ir During the Sale. this Model can only be supplied in Stock. ' k .Il"M.I.IllIIll.11lMl.lIk- Waist, 24, 26, 28 ins.; Skirt, , / ~. front length, 38. 40, 42, ins. /' Please quote Model No. - ~,,„ ..,..d „i,.....,!„, andlivne measturemrt _,.d/,/ , ---/-/ you es.Yre nreotusTsfied. WRITE NOW. _ , -

. . . . . . ~. . . ~ YOUR HEALTH Imp, . I • ,:ri ... ;.' is •.,,,,,,,, *,'3,::;'' THE BEST THING IN THE WORLD. Kill infection instantly , • , 111 by means of .. . . ..,. NUBOLIC , _ SOAP . . , ~..,, •.,..2.,„ For Clothes, Bedding, Floors, Furniture, Paint, .. . -.. Oilcloth, Drains, &c. In the Bathroom, Nursery, . .. Cellar, and Kitchen. For Plates, Pots, Pans, &c. . SAVE HEALTH. SAVE LIFE. SAVE WRAPPERS. : Sold everywhere by Grocers, Oilmen, Stores, &c. . . : ANOTHER GREAT PRIZE SCHEME ~.,'. , for Soap Wrappers. Cash prizes as high as L'loo each. . Thou-sands of Watches, Cycles, Sewing Machines; .. , . Timepieces, Dress Lengths, and other Articles. . N.B.—Collect the wrappers or Nubolic Soap and send them to she address be10w.i25,969, worth of valuable prizes, some in money, some in the shape of beautiful costly and useful articles,to be distributed amongst users of Nubolic Soap. Wrappers of Watson's Matchless Cleanser and " Sparkla " may be used by competitors for the prizes. Full conditions and List of 120,419 Prizes accompany each packet of the three soaps. • JOSEPH WATSON & SONS, LTD., WHITEHALL SOAP WORKS, LEEDS. , . 4...,-..

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS. linglish and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regildi-aga SpeliaMy. Larg.st sLoc'& Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for a'ry &RN 11.0 K. IS i pAgAs With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. IMPORTER OF tiLAI-S. GLASS STOCK LISTS Ffteß ON APPLICIATION. H. MORELL„ 177 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY LONDON W.C. Warehouses : 11, 12 and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street, (in the rear). Telegraphic Address: —" Rabbitry, London." Telephone 6135 Central.

BBFORE YOU BLOW THE LIGHT OUT TAKE HOLLOW'S PILLS. (Note the Name). Unrivalled for Constipation. Head- ache, Whirl, Heartburn, Bilious- ness, and all Stomach and Liver Complaints, Specially recom- mended for Females, Purely Vegetable. Ask your Chemist for them,or Post Free Is. Ild. 25.9 d. per box, from the Proprietor. G. S. HOLLOW. CLITIIisItHOR ROAD, CLAPHAM LONDON. FO- INDIGNSTI 0

WE.1.1.K9 TIRED AND NERVOUS MEN Should send for a Valuable Descriptive Pamphlet, explaining how all Nervous and Organic -. , Derangements can be successfully 4". ' -",.-,ZN.,-., ----Al treated without the use of Th STOMACH MEDICINES OR ELECTRICITY. The Method is • '* ') easy and pleasant, and will effect , i',.,,• ..; ~ .4, • f., ' • a perfect and permanent cure. The -- " Pamphlet is revised, and in pr 0...!,;••,.. ...!,;••,.. .. _,.., - .. .... gress with the most advanced N'''..'w •.: : - researches in the subject, together ss . ~ , ,•\ , .- with hundreds of RECENT "i.,;:, •. ' '-. ',\, \. '*, TESTIMONIALS showing 5ue- •:'...,..,„:•., •\. ••. s. :•:•'' cessful cures. Sent in a plain sealed envelope free of charge. THE MARSTON Co., 59 & 60, CHANCERY LANE, LONDON. Established over 35 years.

:31 ift)ops ( CUSTA_v_D pOWDBit Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Custard is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO ECUS ! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

,--7-" • i • L A• i 7 • 1-os)pericy awaits eVerylkiviiiingWbrker .1 J . - • Iv -- ----_-- _.-- - - - __ --' -- - - "". • ,L.L.L.....A.- -. -.11,...bt4 I\, q,,A:ii...,71.1 A , 7P,1.;1°.:4 , 1-r! 'AL; ' ... , ~... . ----- • -•---' ------- -3,, N / / ' .14, - ...,--- ,s,, ' ti . ';'_,k -- '2-, 4 i°l/(\t* '4. 'N• a 'O7 , - - - , -,, y -- ---- • ' . ' '1 z ' ~...- 7-- ; • i 1/ "----...,-z,. '--. 1 , • - - "'a - i', , --------_---------------lIIIIhh. ...!/. ------:------ • •=l.- -", ~-\ '' - - 1 '.- - 4"Aro, 7 ' -'7.••.. ....r_Ti.."o- -, s",,•'. 1" - ','2*"2 t .Bresking Nerd Liincl. ...--,-.;,' .7.--z_-===-___z - _.-.=----=.3-_, ~,- ...r., • • •AviL v., ~ • - • / \ /0, / -7"-/ _ ,'"t/•'..........,:V.e-'_,___ ,:,... "f.'‘' - , .s. ~. '‘ . - --4 ... . %,\\, 4...ert„ ,--,.:,---,--,-• ~, ..., , • , -(iyA4l 2HealthyClim .-te-I,(*P/A.,,,. -,.-.) ,-, -0 .roja,-o----7- wiLloht Tax z/ e—e---s-v„ b. v„. ( ".• • .- - ‹.- Air ((iF t'S---tio is 'jifr --- , --- --44-wildid "Free c o .., , -e- , ,- - _ ',cc, - ...,..s. • .144,, i' ' '/' gijkilitt4;7‘-a •R').•A* ,„0, -,,.-7,,,- _ , , - 0 0 4 ~,w - -ix.- ./, _ fituil , , " 9-- '''' " MA '..- - . \6, ..- -04,1/--' - - 4 .., um); iv 1 1 ' • • :. - - 't?..c) . , b 1., • ~,, ..„„•,.. . It Cattle I:anch,rtg, " s.Scattera C . ;Pt' ' ..19. ' 'AV' . • i/k ~ FREE FARMS OF ito .ACRES. For latest official Maps, Pamphlets and full particulars, gratis, apply to Mr. W. T. F. PRESTON, COMACSSIONER OF EMIGRATION, 11-12, CHARING CROSS, LONDON, S.W., oz' Mr. A. F. JURY, OLD CASTLE BUILDINGS, LIVERPOOL.

The BEST WATCHES are I BENSON'S" LMAKE."N Unequalled for Accuracy, Durability-, and Strength. Bay of the Actual Makers and Save ONE TI-1111.13. In Silver Cases. Inlß-ct. Gold Cases. ,t ' ,D :( -,_,‘ ( ~- BENSON'S 5 ii--~:--*;:s, , _l2l - WORLD FAMOUS k LUDGATE' //::(17/,'N'''.,.,,'.. --n EST. and S'FRONGEST, London Made i) THREE - QUARTER PLATE English i ii! 1";:l>f,-\ ' \ ':- '\ Lever Watch. -f: . Chronometer Balance, all Latest Improvements, • . 1 ' Silver Cases with Crystal Glass. 1 0-41b---149 1! ,' :. Made in Three Sizes, at one Price, £.5 ss. et 1,,, , In Massive 18 et. ?,-70d Cases, with Crystal Glass, , ~; ...'-_-. Gentlemen s, .t 12 1„s. La les , ...... 1 • \k .1 .' \ 1.., ,, . on ON " / 'l' ; ".: , ..- ' (ifl/4 Z.* IC: MC 5 I' SYSTEM OF : ..' . MONTHLY PAYMENTS At same Prices 1...3 for CASH. BENSON'S h'j ' Pearlg, £l.ss. GEM RINGS Brilliant, ZRegi. sosr . . fialr. 10.000 ALWAYS IN STOCK , AT MAKERS CASH PRICES. (riaLi.---_) II,I,I"STILk TED BOOK or Watches, Clocks. Brilliantg and Chains, Rings, Brooches, " Imperial " Plate, ----- - - Sapphires, £2. [Os. Cutlery and Bags. POsT FREE. Brilli ants, £4.45. J. W. BENSON, Ltd., The Premier Watchmakers of the World. FE-F.V, 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON, EX.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE OF . GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. IBY EADE'S PILLS. AFTER TWO PILLS SHE FELT EASISR 26, Rutland-street, Brompton-road, S.W. April 26th, 1902. Sir,—l feel bound to write and state my wife's case. She was taken very ill with gout some weeks ago, and was in bed, not being able to put her foot to the ground. I made up my mind to try your Pale, and gave her two. After a few hours she felt easier. She took one more in the after- noon, and I was surprised to find her uo from bed when I .me home in the eyeninl. In",two or three days sheAwas itekwell again. Yours truly, A. FORD. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are pertectty sate in their action, eliminate all ini matter. and are.highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles. le. lid. and 2s. 9d.. or sent post free for stomps or P.O. by the proprietor GEORGE BADE. 232, Goswell-road, London. BADE'S GOUT & R

FOR F 1 RST-CLASS PItIVATE D ENTISTIZY TENTH. Appointments usnr=eqry, :but nay be TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Hach patient infz,r7 required,Obefelhl ti las% TEETH. Gold and other tillinzs at macerate °bargee. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendeucs. TEETH. P•inleas liantfracgrrionass b(l)txtrsir:o Or the %! TEETH. Matter to Dentists of 13.100Iecal1ons weekly. )otrs. of the late J. 14. PARKINS() N (DENTIST BY EXAM. \IR. MA.DDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS ... MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON --...3A, SANK.P.IY-STR9:I4 WEDNE.SDAY, to 5. RrignOßN, 31, BRIDGE-STRUT TcIURSDAY, 2 to 5. NORTH WICR__I4, APPLEMARKET-STREEri NRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to b.

In Memorian... • In loving memory of our dear :-on Harry gaybury whorn fell asleep January .2.4th,(1,902. . Gone but not forgotten. 44, . In loving memory of my dear wife tidit, rddslifakt,;. who .died at StocktbakHeath,..Jantuyy 084441903. •-i• , . _
