===== 0002601_19041029_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
er ot ut he

===== 0002601_19041029_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
tiLACAR,DS.in Blgck and Coloured Inks, to kly size or parern, and on any color of paper. PRINTERS, LI.THOGRAPHERS, BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULERS, &c., JOHN WALKER AND CO.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
No. 1332

HARGRAVES TOBACCOS.

HARGRAVES'

CIGARSI

HARGRAVES'

) YEARS. CIGARETTES.

MANUFACTORY: SWAN-SIRRRT. MA]

'CHICSTBIZ.

ALLAN LINE.--I 0 CANADA, UNITED STATE RIVER PLATE, AND INDIA. b AIL IN GS FROM LIVERPOOL. (The only line under Government contract for the nnvevance of Canadian Mails). ULUNDA St. John's N.F. and Halifax Nov. 1 CITY OF VIENNA...Bombay and Kurachi Nov. 1 TUNISIAN Quebec and Montreal Nov. 3 CITY OF A THENS...Colombo and Calcutta Nov. 3 ADALIA Monte Video & Rosario Nov. 3 OCEAN RATES—To Canada, Saloon from £lO. Secondly Cabin, £7 10s.;Third Class £3. To India £37 10s. and£27 10s. For full particulars apply to ALLaat'e. 103,Leadenhal Street ndon, 8.C., and 19. James-street. Liverpool.

PEAT PEAT PEAT! FOR HOUSE FIRES. An economical novelty and a spleddid selling line, show- ing a good margin of profit. Buying agents will be given sole agency for tbeir own districts ; quotations and terms on application.

PEAT COMPANY, 7, TITIIBBARN STUBBT, LIVBRPOOL;

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CELORODYNE,

INVALUABLE FOR COUGHS, COLDS,7I:BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA

===== 0002601_19041029_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
AND ALL KINDRED AILMENTS.

:". This cld and tried remedy h .Istoo4 the test of two generations. REFUSE to put off with SUBSTITUTE. The ORIGINAL can be had of AL 50H ISIS if you let it be seen that you are not ak enongh to accept ~ • an imitation. . / .. ... COLLIS BROWNB IS iTHE ,NAME : is. 1i,0., 2s. 90., 49. 6n, Tilt PRICES. , ~ THE NEW FRBNO RBMBIA. r 1111BRAPION. This successful 4d highly popular remedy, 1_ as employed in the Continent.' Hospitals by Itleord Rostan, Jobert Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything 1113 hitherto employed for Impurity f the blood, spots. blotches, o pains and swelling of the joints, ney,bladder and urinary disease-stricture, discharges. piles rayel, pains in the back rheumatism,gout.sleeplessness,ne us and physical exhaus- tion, etc. Therapion is prepar in three different forms Nos. 1, 2 and 3 according L 0 (118 sea for which intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR R. JOHNSON --..— .11:21Migie=,. 43, HODFoRD-BQUARE, LONDON.

HANDBILLS, in large or small quantities cheap and effective.

Hstimates given for all kinds of work. i'4 EXAMINER OFFICE,

BEWBBY-SIREET W RINGTON.

SPECIAL facilities for PRINTING all kinds Of EDUCATIONAL WORKS.

CONCERTS TEA PARTIES SOIREES :SERMONS BALLS MEETINGS Src., Ac JOHN -WALKER & CO. -

===== 0002601_19041029_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ilionen

MONEY TO BUY HOUSES.—No interest—PitOPßlETAßT SOCIETY. 48, Kimberley Rd , London, S.W.

21 DIXON STRSET, WARRINGI ON.—CASH ACCOMMODATION £3 to 2500. Interest 4s. in the RI. Any distance.—Apply, MANAGInt.

D EVERSIONS.—AII classes of Reversions bought; quick It completions ; loans arranged at low rates. Mortgage securities wanted at 31 to 4 per cent. Business Transfer Agency.—T. SMITH WoRSLEY, 26, Cooper St., Manchester.

TNVBSTMENT OFFERBD.—You can hear of one of th a 1 best opportunities of your life. Has earned over El. per day, net profits for eight years; will return 7fr to 15 per cent, per annum, and is safe.—B. NINEEB, 9,oxford row, Leed

OHN FLETCHER is prepared to advance £5 to efi £l,OOO day of applic ation.to all bona fide applicants, on promissory note only. Cash advanced on deeds, shares, or any kind of collateral security. Most reasonable terms to suit borrowers. Town or country. All transactions strictly private. Letters promptly answered-10 [IN FLBTCHBR, Market Buildings, 17. Thomas et., Shudehill, Manchester.

TIP YOU REQUIRE INFORMATION concerning Conti 1 nental Premium Bonds, apply to the Contiamitai Premium Bonds Company, who arrange Cash Advances en fully paid Premium Bonds; r.asonable interest on terms to be arranged. Bonds purchased. Combination of Bonds for sale by easy instalments, at t.lurrent Market Prices on Con- tinental Bourses, inclusive of brokerage and small charge for int.rest.-THE CONTINENTAL PREMIUM BONDS Co.. 31 West Sunniside.Senderland.lelegrams : • • Premium.' Sunderland.

NO PEES! SO FINES ! ! NO PUBLICITY II! R3AND UPWARDS A DVANC IgD DAILY In STRICTEiT PRIVACY to all respectable House holders, Tradespeopl.. Farmers, and all persons worthy of credit, without sureties or Muds/nen, " on simple promis— sory note only," at reasletable interest and easy repayments to suit sllkissses. Distance no object. Call or write in confidence to THE CHIsS EIRE ADVANCE CO., 25, Cairo- street, Sankey-street. Warrington ; also t 16, Greenwood- street, Altrincham. Head Office 59, Brunswick-street, Hightown, Manchester. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

ADVANCES £3 TO .£500.-DON'T PAY FEES As those Offices who aak for fees,will only pocket your fee and refuse the advance. NO FEES OF ANY KIND CHARGED. NO SURETIES REQUIRED. NO RESPEC T- ABLE APPLICATION refused. NO PINES IF UNABLE to pay for a few weeks through illness or being out of work. HONEST and STRAIGHFOKWARD dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to suit applicants. Apply and be Convinoed to the—Manager, J. CALVERT, CLAUGHTON CHAMBERS,I, CLAUGHTON TREET opposite Dr. Knowles) ST. HELENS.

LOANS GRANTRD DAILY, ANY jDISTANCB, .1111081 *XS TO £l4OOO FOR ANT IMMEDIATE WANT, BUBINeSS OR PRIVATE, also for purchasing or starting new business, on simple promissory note. No fines. All applications immediately attended to. Apply in confid- ence, personally or by letter, to THE STANDARD LOAN CO., 4, PARKER STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL TERMS TO FARMERS. HEAD OFFICE: 9. CORPORATION 9T., MAN CHER TEE

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUMS (NOT LESS THAN £10), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the last 20 years the totalfamount lentby Mit undersigned

===== 0002601_19041029_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
EXCEEDED £1,250,000 I

. - He has received hundreds of unsolicited letters of thanks, and has annually, for ' the past eight ysars. Issued selec- tions from these In pamphlets, of which more than 300,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied, free of charge, on application, either personally or by letter, to :

GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. BEITIBLISHICD 1870.

..E5, £7,

£lO, MO. MO, £5O, £lOO. 11DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS, EVERY INFORMATION FRHELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MixAGER : JOHN H. GOOD WIN. .B.—Bstablished at this Acidmas Twenty Years.

£lO, £l5, £2O, £25, £SO.—ADVANTSE; ~•/ MADE to ALL PERSONS WORTHY of CREDIT, on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TERMS FOR SHORT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit made by our Manager on same day of application who will grant you the money AT ONCE I satisfactory. NOTE :

THE BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., 69, I-1 AYDOCK STREET NEAR THE MARKET PLACE AARLRRTO WN.

VRONI £3 AND UPWARDS. DONT FAIL TO 1: GIVE US A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable Is 6d weekly £2O repayable 7s 6d weekly. £5 „ 2$ Od „ £5O „ 17e 6d „ £lO „ 3s 6d „ £lOO „ 39s 6d For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply in con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO.. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGERESS, Miss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. Houfts, 9 am to 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. ONEI ! MoNEY ! ! Mu ! i £5 TO £lOOO, , To each and everyone a hearty invitation is offered before going elsewhere to call or write to m. In con- fidence and convince yourself that mine is the lowest interest and lowest rate of repayment in England. The entire charge £5 to repay £5 6s. Od. £lO t,o repay 212 Os. od. £2O „ „ £24 Os. ad. £4O £43 Os. Od. Larger sums proportionately. No bona-fide application refused. For honourable and straightforward dealing apply at once to J.JENNINGS Manager(private house),9,ACADEMY- ST.. WARRINGTON. No delay. Strictest privacy whether business done or not. Cash delivered on day of application. Distance no object.

M'

--"- MONEY LENT r-RIVATELY. £5 TO ot1,000•

TO FARMERS, TRADESIVEN, PROFESSIONAL GENTLE- MEN, HOTEL AND LODGING-HOUSE KEEPERS, and to all Responsible Householders Worthy of Credit, upon Note of Hand Alone, in ally part of England or Wales. Loan £5 To Repay £5 15 0 91 £lO ••,£ll 10 0 £2O •• £23 0 0 £3J ~ £3410 0 11 £5O £5710 0 9. 19 £lOO s, £ll5 0 0 Larger amounts in p,oportion. Extra Charges made in cases considered necessary. Special Terms Arranged to suit Borrowers' Own Convenience. Letters immediately answered. Prospectus free on application. Call or write in strict confid- ence to tbe NATIONAL LOAN SOCIETY, 41, CORPORA TION ST., MANCHESTER. (Registered Office).

Es'IABLISHIID OVER FORTY YnAtio. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET. CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from RIO to V.OOO. ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. DARTIE6 wishing for teruporary CASH ADVANJES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSITM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROW ER. THE ABSENCE OF ALL FEES. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED, AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTRITION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative mill call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions a their own homes or I'o of business. ‘dealirg and reasonable charges are.widely known, )utation stands unrivalled

===== 0002601_19041029_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
places.. MY fate( and nitrepi

LIVE AND ENJOY LIF.. AS FRIO FROM PAINS, ACHES. SICKNESi, AND DANGER AS MAN CAN HOPE TO ATTAIN. USE

VITA-LEO

"A MARVELLOUS REMEDY."

EXTERNAL TREATMENT. Simple, safe, and certain Guaranteed the most marvellous specific for human Ills ever placed before the public. AN IDEAL EMBROCATION FOR ATHLETES. VITA-LEO OINTMENT CUBES Ulcers, Sores, Wounds, Eczema, and other Skin Diseases, Bad Legs, Blood Poison. Piles. Fistula, ecc. CURES WHEN ALL ELSE FAILS.

BY POST: VITA-LINO Is. 3d., Is. 9d., and 2s. 9d OINTMENT, 7d. and Is. Id. Direct from Manufacturers, MASSARD AND CO., 180. GREAT BRITAIN STREET, DUBLIN. Pamphlet on " Disease, Cause, Prevention and Cure" Free

• ;It.; , ; •

===== 0002601_19041029_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'_

===== 0002601_19041029_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
I'VIeDOUGALLS Pategt sELF-RAISIN6 PLOUR MagoN The Examiner Saturday, October 20,1904.

TEIE "BOLTON- SCHOOLS.

mittee, and when they got them through, or rather during the time they were getting them through. thee would have to have the inspector down to hold thy inquiry. In the meantime they would be pushing for- ward with another batch. He would like the Council to know (holding up a great sheaf of documents) what a largeamount of work all these-arrangements entailed, and he might say—as he said on every opportunity— that most of this work would have been done by now had it not been for that foolish resolution of the Council in extending the time for payment to seven years. He did not hesitate to say that that resolution had considerably handicapped them is their work. Alderman HUTCHINSON secondektho adoption of the minutes. Councillor PEMBERTON said be would like to dissoci- ate himself from Councillor Tiranion's remark about the Council's" foolish "resolution. He did not agree that it was a foolish resolution. Councillor Tinnion's opinion was not the opinion of the committee. • Councillor TINNION: It was my personar opinion. . Councillor Pcumwros., continuing, did not agree that it was so much a cause of delay as Councillor Tinnion suggested, and in his opinion it ought to be ten years instead of seven. Councillor ELLISON asked that the Paving and Sewerage Committee would include in its list of streets for treatment the passage behind Hewitt-street, Latch- ford. It was and had been for some time in a sad ' condition. Councillor TismoN said they would put it in the next batch, but he did not think it possible to get it in the present batch. He differed from Councillor Pemberton respecting the seven years resolution, and thought it did cause considerable delay. The minutes were approved. CROMWELL STATUE. At a meeting of the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee, on the 29th September, it was resolved that in consequence of the public persisting in making walks across the recreation ground, the Kendrick-street (West) gate be closed until further noticl. It was further decided that the statue of Oliver Cromwell be repainted and that estimates be obtained for the re- painting of the Walker fountain. The MAYOR, in moying the confirmation of the minutes alluded to the decision to repaint the Crom- well statue. Alderman SMETHURST seconded. Alderman Bennett rose to speak. The MAYOR: You are not going to oppose the re- painting I hope? (Laughter.) Alderman BENNETT said he was, on the other hand, very pleased. He pointed out, however, that the Crom- , well statue was very much disfigured and spoiled by ' the electric lamp in front, and •he wished they could move it. Councillor TINNION : The statue? Alderman BErsErr : No, the lamp. The MAYOR: I thought that statue was needed there to keep the Academy in order. (Laughter.) The minutes were then confirmed. LABOURERS WAGES. Councillor &row referred to a letter contained in the minutes, of the Tramway's Committee and written by himself in which he stated he had been informed that in the repairing of the War- rington tramcars, labourers who received 6d. per hour were doing fitter's work. The question had been raised by the West Ham secretary of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers who had received no acknowledgment of a letter he had written asking for information. Councillor MAGINN objected to the interference of a third party between the Corporation and their servants. It appeared to him that they as a council were not going to be allowed to manage their local affairs,but that the town was going to be regulated by a society of trade unionists in West Ham. He did not think they were en- titled to give information to peoplein West Ham or any .where else. (Hear, hear). Alderman SMETHURST said the Tramways Committee were constantly pestered by pettifogging people send- ing letters of that sort. They had had people writing to know who was painting the trams, and who was putting the varnish on the paint, all because of such men as they had in the Council. Councillor STorr : Yon have no right to make such insinuations. The IVIA.You : He has not named you personally. Continuing Alderman SMETHURST said he thought it was quite time the Council' took it upon themselves to conduct their business in a proper business manner and not to let first one and then another come interfering between their managers and the men they employed. (Hear, hear.) The minutes were approve d. WARRINGTON BRIDGE WIDENING. A SCENE.

I At a meeting of the Sites and Buildings Committee I it was resolved to invite architects, practising in War- rington, to furnish competitive designs for the new, "Bolton " schoels to be erected in Latchford. It was I resolved that the site for the proposed new "Bolton" 1 schools be putchased outright. Councillor Tr*sro& proposed and Alderman Smethurst- teConded th 6 itclOtition of the minutes. The Rev. J. YONGE said he would like to ask a qiiastion ,*hich a great many people in town were ! askihg, and which a distinguished visitor to the town I had 'asked in a very emphatic way, in fact, in so I enWitatie a Manner that he thought it desirable that it should be mentioned at that meeting. The question Ivis as'tla *hat was being done towards the provision of ttliel(e'v'tsChobls in the Borough which had been enter- fitilied'st/lbitg. He asked the question with a sense of -doirthidP-ble responsibility because he felt that unless te Sifts and Bnildings Committee woke up on the 'question they might receive a waking up which might not be very pleasant, because he believed that one of the inspectors was disposed to ask some very pertinent questions upon the matter. There seemed to be in some minds the imprassion that there had been an unnecessary delay in making these provisions and if that had been the case and there had been no ground for it, it might lead to consequences, especially if pressure was brought to bear by the Board of Education, which would not be , particularly enjoyed. Councillor TINNION said that if the committee , possessed Aladdin's lamp the schools would be provided at once, but as it was the committee could not move any quicker than they were doing. The matter had to be approached very carefully, especially when they con- sidered that they were undertaking work of which they had no experience in Warrington. As not a single indi- vidual of the committee had had any preliminary experi- ence they were endeavouring to learn something about the erection of schools, and with that object in view they had inspected sohools in Manchester, Salford, Birkenhead, and Liverpool, and had thereby learnt the sVle of school which was most satisfactory, whilst being least costly. They had asked for competitive designs from local architects, and they hoped that-by the 16th January to have such information and plans as would be suitable to • the whole of the borough and to be in the position to proceed with the erection of the schools as soon as the weather would allow. There had so far been no unnecessary delay and the committee were determined not to be rushed in the matter. They had tried to give as much satisfaction as they could and he ! thought that when the ratepayers learnt the amount of I work they had done, they would give the Sites and Buildings Committee credit for carrying the matter for- ward as fast as was possible under the circumstances. Mr. MONKS pointed out that some little delay had , been caused by the difficulty of the getting of sites. , Now, however negotiations were alsocompleted for the purchase of three or four more sites for schools. , Alderman SMETHURST said he could endorse what was said by Councillor Tinnion. The sub-committee had done all they possibly could. He :could inform the , committee that they had purchased:a site upon which

erecting new schools not having been begun, but it was well-known five years before that with regard to school accommodation the town had suffered most severely, and For that reason he associated himself with the remarks made by Mr. May. • Mr. PLINSTON said that the School Attendance Com- mittee were constantly receiving complaints of. the overcrowding of schools. The School Attendance Com- mittee were doing their best, and he hoped that before long the Sites and Buildings Committee would bring in a scheme for the erection of new schools, and go on with the work.

Mr. J. D. BUCKTON explained Mr. Upson's statement by pointing out that some schools which were formerly well attended were now partially empty as the children had gone into other neighbourhoods and helped to fill the schools in those districts to a point of overcrowd- ing. With all due respect to the gentlemen on the Sites and Buildings Committee he did not think that committee had worked as promptly as they might have done. If a voluntary school h‘d been contemplated it would have been erected long fag° and, moreover the money would have been raised for its erection. The Board of Education had long ago asked for the erection of a school at Orford and the matter had not yet, to all appearances, been taken in hand. Councillor TINNION said he thought some of the gentlemen who had spoken had only done so because the local papers would be rather blank on account•of the shortness of the meeting. Mr. MONKS: I cannot admit that. _ _

Councillor rINSION said he could not help making the remark as it was distinctly suggested to his mind. He did not admit there had been any unnecessary delay. He knew there were a good many people who could do a thing a great deal better than those who were appointed to do it. He had learnt that from past experience in Warrington and other places. There may have been some delay in providing sites but upon that matter they had to be very careful as a good many people were ever ready to buy sites cheap and then sell dear to the Corporation or Education Authority. There were many sites which the committee had thought equally desirable. They would like to put up five schools, but asit was a question of money they would have to be content with two. rho Bolton school at Latchford would be the first to be proceeded with, while the school at Orford would be taken in hand immediately. It was in the obtaining of sites that the delay had been caused and in that direction the cora- mittee could not have moved much quicker as they did not wish to pay through the nose for any site they wished to purchase. (Hear, hear.) The discussion then ended and the minutes of the committee were approved.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN COUNCIL

SUGGESTED OPEN-AIR SWIMMING

BATHS

Lively Discussions.

The Mayor (Alderman Bolton) presided at the meeting of the Town Council for the municipal year Nshich was held at the Town Hall on Tuesday evening. There were also present : —Aldermen A. Bennett, John Evans, R. W. Francoinb, T. Hutchinson, W. Pierpoint, J. Smethurst and T. H. Sutton ; Councillors T. H. Ashcroft, T. Barton W. Brough, T. Burton, J. G. Craik, S. Davies D. S. Duncan, James Evans, L. Ellison, W. J. Forshaw, T. J. Hulse, J. Lord, J. Maginn, A. Peacock, P. Peacock, J. Pemberton, J. Sankey, F. Stott, H. Thornton, D. Tinnion, J. Wilkinson, W. J. Wilson, and T. Wright ; Messrs. J. L. Whittle (town clerk), S. Wilson (deputy town clerk), J. Fairhurst borough treasurer),J. Dens (water engineer), W. S. Haddock (gas engineer), J. M. Murray (director of education). - -

===== 0002601_19041029_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
- , COUNCILLOR DODDS' RESIGNATION.

The' MAYOR reported that he had received the resignation of Councillor James Dodds as one of the representatives of the Town Hall Ward and declared the office to be vdcant. VACANCY ON THE EDUCATION COMMITTEE. The Council appointed Councillor Sankey a repre- sentative member of the Education Committee in Mr. Dodds's place. EFFICIENT POLICE FORCE.

At a meeting of the Watch Committee on October 13th, the following certificate of efficiency of the police from Mr. A. Akers-Douglas, one of H.M.'s principal Secretaries of State, was produced :—" I hereby certify that the police force of the Borough of Warrington has been maintained in a state of efficiency in point of num- bers and discipline for the year ending the 29th of September, 1904." The minutes ware passed, on the motion of the MAYOR, seconded by Alderman FRANCOMB. LOANS REQUIRED. PRIVATE STREET WORKS.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
The Finance and Estate Committee has received the sanction of the Local Government Boardto the borrow- ing of various sums for private street works except so far as the application relates to the passage behind Nos. 16 to 38, Manchester-road. The Board announce that they defer their decision upon the application so far as it relates to the sum of £l2O 16s. 4d. in respect of the passage referred to until they have been informed that the objection to the proposed works had been settled. A resolution has been passed by the committee to the effect that the Town Clerk and Borough Treasure t be authorized to wait upon the Local Government Board with respect to certain loans. —At a meeting on October 17th, it was resolved that the Town Council be instructed to apply to the Local Government Board for their sanction to the borrowing of the following sums, being the amount in each case of excess expenditure :—Baths extension, £380; Police Buildings. £4,506 ;Technical Institute, £6,130; infectious Diseases Hospital, Aikin-street, £1,016; Bridge-Street improvement, £7.483. Alderman BENNETT moved the confirmation of the minutes. Councillor A. PEACOCK seconded, and the moon was carried. ELECTRICITY V. INCANDESCENT LIGHTS. The Street Improvement and Lighting Committee re- commended "That two four-light incandescent gas lamps be fixed in Bridge-street in place of the electric lamp recently removed. The Ordnance Survey Department having intimated that they were about to make a re- survey of the borough, and offering to revise the large scale surveys at cost to the town of 245. per acre, after discussion thereon the offer was delined.—lt was resolved "That this committee approve of the appointment of Mr. Thomas Crompton for surveying and completing the ordnance map of the borough, and that this com- mittee will be prepared to pay one-half his wages."—At another meeting Messrs. Peter Walker and Son,Limited having offered to give to the Corporation a piece of land at the come; of Pinner's-brow and Silver-street, containing about 107 5•9 square yards, required for the • completion of the widening of Silver-street. on condi- tion that a piece of land of equal area and value be given to the company as part of the proposed site of the Lord Rodney public-house, it was resolved that the offer be accepted and the conditions agreed to. Alderman BENNETT moved the confirmation of the minutes. Councillor Ev,vss. seconded. Alderman SMETHURST opposed the recommendation with reference to incandescent lights, and read a letter from Mr. Matthias,the borough electrical and tramways engineer,lcontending that;the committee's action would be a retrograde one. It was universally acknowledged that efficient street lighting could only be carried out by arc lamps, and he also objected to the introduction of incandescent lights on the score of economy. Councillor EVANS said there had been considerable complaint about the lighting of Bridge-street. From time to time requests had been made for a cheapening of the arc lights in the streets, but the committee were slow to accede to what were considered to be reason- able terms of agreement. The arc lamps were turned down about midnight, and they got simply two little lights to denote that there was a stump there and that no one should run against it. (Laughter.) That was about all the light they got. It was considered that the incandescent light was cheaper and its efficiency was being seen all over the town. They wore beinc, tried in different pla,ces. Why should they pay for lighting by electricity as a sort of novelty when the incandescent light was cheaper? Why should they pay more at the ratio of £2O to £l2 when they could do efficiently with gas. (Hear, hear.) After some further discussion the minute was with- drawn. The other minutes were agreed to. SANKEY BOOK WATER. SEWAGE FILTRATION.

At a meeting of the Sanitary Works Committee, on October 11, the report of the Public Analyst on the treatment of Sankey Brook water by means of the Dunbar system of purification now being worked on a small scale at the Longford Depot was read. It stated that the committee would no doubt be interested to know how the Dunbar bed was treating the Sankey Brook water used for condensing purposes. The water was first turned on to the bed on Monday, September 26th, at the rate of about 30,000 galls, in the 24 hours, and it ran continuously night and day till Friday night, September 30th. Running at the extremely high rate of 50,000 galls daily the results were not quite so good ; still the effluents showed a purification of over 70 per cent,and they were in all cases clear and bright and free from smell. The following letter from Messrs. Martin and Company, 44, Parliament-street, Nottingham, and addressed to the Town Clerk, was read :—" As the trial pleat which we erected in Warrington for the purpose of demonstrating our system of sewage filtration has been running for something like seven months, and we understand giving satisfaction, we should esteem it a favour on your part if you would kindly inform us as early as possible whether you intend availing yourself of the privilege orerecting the system under the terms of our agreement." It was resolved that the 'lowa Clerk be instructed to reply to the letter, stating that the committee were of opinion that a six months trial of the existing bed should be made before definitely deciding as to the extension of the system. These minutes were approved, on the motion of Alder- man EvAtis, seconded by Alderman SMItTHURST, the former remarking that so far the Dunbar system was going on very satisfactorily. STREET PAVING.

-- - The Paving and Sewerage Committee reported that the Borough Surveyor had submitted specifications, plans, and sections' estimates and provisional appor- tionments of the cost of forming and paving a number of streets. It was resolved" That tie same be approved, and that the Town Clerk serve notices requiring each of tbe streets to be formed and paved in pursuance of the Private Street Works Act,1892.11 was also resolved that application be made to the Local Government Board for their sanction to the borrowing of the sum of £5,2.;1 128.10 d. for private street works. The Borough Surveyor reported that he had seen a representative of the London and North-Western Railway Company with reference to the paving of the passage leading from Froghall-lane to Bewsey-road, who stated that the com- pany could not see their way tolagree to the suggestions of the committee, and it was resolved "that the Borough Surveyor be instructed to serve a notice on the com- pany calling ,upon them to forthwith put the passage in good repair.' Councillor £INNION proposed the adoption of the minutes. He said the committee had been in com- munication with the London and North-Western Rail- way with reference to the permanent paving of the passage from Froghall-lane to Bewsey-road, and made such overtures to them which they thought would be acceptable. The company had not at present agreed to their suggestions, so they bad ordered the Borough Surveyor to serve them with a notice to put the passage in order. Whether the company would merely cinder the passage or not he could not say, but the passage belonged to them and he did not think the Council had any power to compel them to put down a permanent passage. They had, however, not given up hope yet of arranging something with the company. They had had submitted specifications, plans and sections for about 44 streets or portions of streets and passages, and had instructed" the Town Clerk to serve the necessary notices, and were also making application to the Local Government Board for their sanction to the borrowing of £5,251 12s. 10d. This, asbe intimated, was a further instalment of those streets and passages that were having the carefal and constant attention of the corn- .-

- - - BAKE A CAKE.—It'S easy, it's economical, it's delic ions—lf you use KEENORA prepared Cake Flour. It's a preparation of the finest and purest ingredients and simplifies the art of cake-making so that a child could make the most delicious cakes. Directions for making cakes are enclosed with each packet. Free half-pound packet on receipt of 2d. stamps for postage.—KEEsonA Co., 38, Sir Thomas Street, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON EDUCATION COMMITTEE. THE PROVISION OF NEW SCHOOLS.

SITES AND BUILDINGS COMMITTEE ACCUSED OF UNNECESSARY DELAY.

The pressing need for the provision ,of n3w schotilS ift the 11; orottgh formed the prineiptd item of discussion at the monthly meeting .of the Warrington Education Committee, which vms hold at the Towa l4all on Monday Mr. P. iVloks presided, and there were als) present':,-- Maeltman Bennett,Revs.Morley Stevenson andJ. Yonge. Xldertntin Smethurst, Councillors John Roberts, Tinnion, Lord; Ellison, J. Evans and D ivies; Messrs. C. E. Parker, A. J. Jolley, J. Fulton Smith, R. T. Fair- dough, J.,D. Buckton, G. Walker, W. Bibby. T. Nlay, and J. Upson, together with J. Moore Murray (director of education). MR. E. J. GUEST'S SUCCESSOR.

• Mr. MURRAN read a letter from the Town Clerk pointing out that the committee had referred back the recommendation of the appointment of Mr. J. W. Kay as a representative manager of St. Paul's schools, in the place of Mr. E. J. Guest, and asking the committee for it further recommendation. - -

===== 0002601_19041029_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. DODDS' RESIGNATION.

The TOWN CLERK further wrote that Councillor Dodds having resigned his seat on tile Council he as a consequence ceased to be a member of the Education Committee. The Council would leave the question of appointing his successor until the vacancy on the Council caused by his resignation had been filled. FINANCE COMMITTEE. MR. C. E. PARKER APPOINTED TO THE COMMITTEE.

The minutes of this committee were of- a routine character. In proposing their acceptance, Mr. A. J. Jolley re- ferred to the recommended appointment of 'Mr. C. E. Parker.as A member of the committee in the place, of Mr. E. J. Guest. He did not think it desirable that they should appoint a successor to Councillor Dodds until the Council had appointed his successor on the committee. (Hear, hear). Councillor TENSION seconded, and the minutes were approved. - SCHOOL MANAGEHENT CONIMITTEE.

---- -- At a meeting of this committee consent was given to the appointment of Mr. Maurice J. Glover as certifi- cated assistant master in the boys' department of the Warrington Parochial school,at a commencing salary at the rate of £95 per annum. It , was further resolved that, subject to the approval of the managers of the

===== 0002601_19041029_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
The General Purposes Committee at a meeting on October 17th reported the rejection of Messrs. Fair- dough's offer and resolved to apply to the Local Government Board for sanction to borrow £3,263, to proceed with the widening of the bridge. The MAYOR moved and Alderman FRA.NOOMB seconded the confirmation of thel minutes, which Was agreed to. Alderman SUTTON rose to speak but was unable to get a hearing, being greeted with cries of "Chair " when he attempted to address the meeting. Councillor Maginn also rose but met with the same fate as Alderman Sutton his utterances- being rendered inaudible by the repeated cries of "Chair." the Council being for some minutes in a state of uproar.

OPEN AIR BATHS. LIVELY DISCUSSION. ANOTHER SCENE: Councillor STOTI' had given notice of his intention to move :—"That it be a recommendation from this Council to the Town Hall, Parks, and Baths Committee, and the Open Spaces Sub-committee to take into con- sideration the provision of an open-air swimming bath for the Orford Ward Recreation Ground." The MA.YOR said the committee were willing to take the matter into consideration. Councillor STorr : If you make that promise it is sufficient for me. Councillor A. PEACOCK remarked that he thought Orford Ward was not suited to the provision of an open-air bath. Councillor BURTON asked that the committee should at the same time consider the advisability of construct- ing an open-air bath in the neighbourhood of Liver- pool-road. The M.tYoR intimated that every renreation ground in the town would be taken into consideration. Councillor STorr then formally moved his motion. Councillor PEMBERTON seconded and the motion was acreed to. Councillor Trxmox rose to speak but wis greeted with cries of "Chair" and was ruled out of order by the Mayor. Councillor Tinnion persisted that he had a right to speak. He was, he said, on his feet before the motion was carried. ...Alderman SUTTON: So was I. Chair, chair. The MAYOR : Gentlemen, you are getting a little out of band. Councillor TINNION : It is you Mr. Mayor who is getting a little previous. Alderman SurToN : You would not stick up for me. Councillor TINNION : I would have done so wily— (Cries of "Chair.") The Council then, on being asked by the Mayor, con- sented to hear Councillor Tinnion. Councillor TINNION : I submit I have a perfect right to speak without the consent of the Council. I was standing before the motion was accepted. Continuing he pointed out that there were other sites for an open air bath which were more suitable than Orford Ward. There was a field behind the cricket ground at Arpley where there was already what he might describe as a , natural bath. The MAYOR : With a dead dog in it. Councillor TINNION : Really, Mr. Mayor, I must call von to order. Continuing, he said he had seen as many as 50 children in that open-air bath. It was free from danger, and it showed that the children had greater 1 sense than many members of the Council, because they had already provided themselves with an open-air bath. The existing bath. could be converted into an open-air bath with little trouble and at little expense, and he for one would welcome the proposal to convert it. Councillor BARTON thought Mill-lane should also be taken into consideration, as in the summer they always had a number of drowning fatalities in that neighbour- hood. The MAYOR intimated that Mill-lane would also be considered, and the matter dropped. THE MAYOR THANKED. Alderman SUTTON moved :—"That the best thanks of this Council be presented to William Bolton, Esq., •J P . for the satisfactory manner in which he has discharged the responsible duties devolving upon him as mayor and chief magistrate of the borough during. his year of office, and for the unvarying courtesy and impartiality displayed by him when presiding over the deliberations of the Council,and in his intercourse with its members." In doing so he said he thought the fact that the Mayor had attended more meetings during the year than any other member of the Council was in itself sufficient proof that he had taken a deep interest in the work of every committee by making himself personally acquainted with the work of the committees. As a result he had been enabled to give very valuable assist- ance upon all matters considered by the Council. (Hear, hear.) In his capacity as Mayor he had acted imparti- ally and had made them all toe the line. (Applause.) He coupled with the vote the name of the Mayoress. (Applause). Councillor TINNION seconded and remarked that in the matter of attendances the Mayor had established a record. He had had a very difficult time to face in the year of his mayoralty but he thought they would agree that Alderman Boltonhad conducted the business of the Council in 'a manner which had reflected credit upon himself and upon the Council as a whole. (Hear hear.) He hoped they would all remember the very difficult position which a Mayor occupied, and show their thanks I to Alderman Bolton by individually and collectively ' doing everything which lay in their power to assist him in the carrying out of his Glides. (Applause.) The vote was heartily and unanimously accorded. ' The MAYOR brieflTreturned thanks, and thanked the members of the Council and the officials of the Corpor- ation for the kindness and consideration which had been , extended to him on all occasions. (Hear, hear.)

===== 0002601_19041029_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL PURPOSES COMMITTEE.

Notifications werereceived of the apn,ointment of the following foundation managers for the under-mentioned schools :—Sankey Bridges Wesleyan, Mr. Richard Highley, Mr. Charles E. Broialey, Mr. James Wadsworth, Rev. (4. H. Carnson; St. Ann's National, Mr. NV. Richardson Mr. E. Rose, Mr. C. E. Bunch, Rev. J. Davies; Warrington Parochial, Rev. Canon Willis,

===== 0002601_19041029_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
I • It

41,

TO BE AN ABSOLUTE NECESSITY TO EVERYBODY,

The enormous Success of Owbridge's Lung Tonic could not have been won, and continue ,to increase after 30 Years, apart from its great intrinsic merit as the most efficacious

remedy ever known.

Beware of Substitutes; ask for "OWBRIDGE." when buying Dozg Tonic and TAKE NO OTHER.

Prepared 1)p W. T. OWBRIDGE, Ltd., Chemists, Hull.

Sold everywhere in bottles, at is. lid., 23. 9d., 43. 6d.; and us.

COPYRIGHT.

school, Miss Mary J. Hoos 3 be appointed certificated to erect a school which would relieve Wycliffe and St. Rev. A. F. White, Mr. R.T.Fsirclough, Mr. W. Scotson. assistant Nuisteess in the mixed dap artment of the Paul's school by taking the children of St: John's An intimation was received from the Rev. Canon Wycliffe British school, at a counencing salary at the Ward. Willis to the effect that the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath had rate of £9O per annum. Mr. Hex said he mast eater his protest against what been appointed correspondent of the Warrington A notification having bean submitted from the Town appeared to. him to leave been unnecessary delay on Parochial school, in place of the Rev. A. F. White, Clerk that the transfer of the St. George's Mission the part of the Sites and Buildings Committee in pro- resigned. Infants' school has been completed, and that the school viding additional school accommodation. Suggestions Mr. J. Longland was recommended as a manager of is therefore, now a Council school, it was resolved that, had been repeatedly made that they should hire rooms St. Peter's school in the place of Mr. E. J. Guest. for the present, the School Management Committee be lor erect an iron building and therefore provide tens- The minutes were approved without comment. constituted the managers of the school, and that con- i perary accommodation for the large number of children sideration of the appointment of a separate body of who were practically shut out from school. Suggestions managers be deferred until the next meeting of the of that nature had :appeared on the minutes, but had committee. been ignored by the General Committee. The Sites and The committee decided that, subject to the consent Buildinza Committee ha trying to explain their delay had of the Board of Education, not mare than 15 free made the excuee that they wanted:to be up-to-date. He places be granted in each Evening C3ntintrttion school, would point out that many children were practically shut the places to be given to deserving children on out from school and by being allowed to run about the the recommendation of the Superintendent of the , streets were being neglected and placed in danger of school, but only in cases where actual application is infection. That was far from being up-to-date and he made, the final decision resting with the committee. I thought they should provide immediate temporary —That subject to his work being satisfactorily reported accommodation for those children by acting upon some upon by the head master of the school at the end of of the suggestions which had been frequently made. the present year, Mr. Ernest Hanna, 8.A., be appointed. (Hear, hear.) assistant master at the Secondary school and Technical Alderman BENNETT said he did not think there had Institute, at a commencing salary at the rate of .-e1.20 been any unnecessary delay. Seeing' the committee per annum; that. the salaries of the under-mentioned ' were practically making an experiment they desired to teachers at the Secondary school and Technical Institute do the work thoroughly and well and he personally , who have completed their first year of service under thought it. was well worth the extra time that every- the committee, be increased as follows :—Mr. Henry I thine should he satisfactory. The deputation to ont- o. Armstrong, manual instructor, from 21.10 to £ll5. I side towns learnt many lessons which would be acted At a meeting on October 13th a letter was submitted ; upon in Warrington. fhey not only learnt how to do from the Superintendent of the Fire Brigade with refer- ; the work but learnt how not to do it. He thought the ence to the alleged want of appliances for fire committee had exercised a wise discretion in obtaining extinguishing at the Secondary school, and it was 1 the experience of other towns as he felt that their resolved that. the director be instructed to obtain an t schools should have the advantage of simplicity and estimate for the supply of the necessary hose piping economy, together with proper sanitary conditions, in from the Secondary school to the hydrant which is at I addition to providing for the educational welfare of the present fixed in Museum-street, and also an estimate for children. (Hear, hear.) the removing of this hydrant near to the rear of the Councillor UPSON pointed out that three months' Secondary school. notice had to brlf given of the committee's intention to Application ivts &emitted from Me. Richard H. erect new schools before any definite steps could be Albery. physics master at the S yearn-Lary sehoel and taken. fie must protest against Mr. May's statement Technical Institute, ae'ciug for re-conaideration of the with regard to the overcrowding of the schools, and resolution pissed at the tact meeting, increasing his would point out that every time the schools were opened salary from £l4O to £l4, and it was resolved that the there were two thousand vacant places. That was not salary be increased from eED to ell) 13r ennern. such , the fault of the Sites and Buildings Committee. increase to take effect from the 15th September, 1901, 1 Mr. A. J. JOLLEY said he ventured to question the and that the question of his salary he ag:un considered accuracy of the statements made by several speakers at the expiration of a further period of twelve months. , that there had been no unnecessary delay. He thought The minutes were apnroved. Mr. Nlay's protest hid been quite justified COMPLUNr OF OVEttnOWDING. land that the Sites and Buildings Committee had A letter was sabmitted ,to the School Attendance no right-1 to prune themselves upon there haying been Committee from the managers of the S acred Heart no unnecessary delay. The Education Authority had (R.C.) school, complaining of the overcrowded state of been in existence 18 months, and still no new school had the mixed department of that school, and in view of the been started. Had the insufficiency of accommodation fact that provision had already been made for the been only realised when the committee came into exis- sitting accommodation of that department to be tence no one would have criticised them for the work of iricrease-1 byesome 29 places, the director was instructed , to intimate to the managers of the school, in reply, that ' TRUSS.--New washable waterproof is the most suit- this and a re-organisation of the classes, would probably able for tropical climates; it is light, clean cool, corn- Meet the Present pressure upon the accommodation ol fortable and du cable; can be worn whilst bathing— the school. . Wimp: 3: W RIG FIT, Surgical Instrument Makers, 93, The minutes of the School Attendance Committee Rensha w Street, LiYerpool.—Advt. were also approved without comment.

truth.

.....,..*:l4;:ii ',l/44;;•'(;::•-- ...--,. . ~ •,-,-1,,,-. e:,:,-,-,-, ..:-.74;.; - --,-.:,.:1-,,,,.....-wi 6 4,,,-- --..,-::::*:;::_-• ,5.... -; Asa . • okv,t.P- • - --Ate,-:-.; ~ vaiiph.---...,4*-., , Ajtz :L...., . ,5,.7 . 4,, t•!,...- • '"4..%:.- ',FID... ~- e , . •=l-4;;;-..vapt,' • 'r ',;--, . ,rAN,..: lii . • if":. . -'• 10,- ~ w.,/,',:.0:•,., ' ;...,;;40 • ..,`: -,- •,-al 7' 'fr":',..,e'; ei),,t, , t...1....i..... ; ~..6,-,...-, • .0.0 ,e,-- •,..),......:,.410. •,... Aga,,,..,,,, ;4....,:.....,,, • qv 'iir, . .s.e.it '. V 6 '4l. .., ;,„Wl: GO •fiii:' .61) .0.0.4. 44.-re-v- •,.....• .c...,. •(-- -,-,.,..- 40.-40, cit. •TO Nu, .1. ~w . , .00'4-I:',4":_:t.--• -,...;...t,17 .0,0.• 4-..., ~..-t• ei...4 1 • A . ,t...-0,,;,-,' . '!..). 'V ..:.e' • irk:lW ti•) , t.z.. MO*, I.l';i.Wilitirit • "---V,(t',' ,-........4r....) 7-.4,,..4 .Q:, 424 ~ . tow ~ :,-,,,,,P.4,-., e\".l' • .2._P4S OL tC001,;5 V. 1." /........4,40 7,, V °A. .:4, .4, .. .:: * J. A., .. -,. ~. e. . 0 ;.,• vf/ s 9ri; - ~,0 , •c=) -.- ~ a. ~.- ~ .41 .--4,4. V •Ss :-...., ~),)":4:0404.. ij..6,4;,- 4E-At ciiildsw..T., • .S. a #) . ..! N• 4 -: , a ,p,),44„ .6•... 4:0 if) .• • „., . ti * . *„..F, tat ,4 25.• <,7,1-4 ..* ...!%.0., fr. •-' ,N. 1 eilaf, ir ' '4o,"ii Mr C-e, ''.l6, •-••"' ..,r , ',. ,-"!.. - • , . .7 1.4- .4 4.,5 , , , • Nue.. , • •4 al. ....). r:VIS ~ ~ N 4-, ..s. 0,.,,Pi.... ~,, . • ~ . '2‘ 4 J . , ~...-.% '_„.!, • I'V, -, .. ,'.O", ',..ar , 110':'• ....., • .....„. . ..._ WO e`ll,-.l,•"iii' ~,• ,VANN111111..,27, .• , ~, 4.17,) '', ""•..... 'Wk. 6 (dr. • ' '--...._41..", .f),ei--..i• . .4) ...7.4...y.- -..„.....„•,...... ,„..,,- . „...... ~,,,,Aw•:,. ~,,...w.:4,- ,4.1..:0:t. ,:'-'• _.,....6.0, 4:1,1 ;-,-).-1-.4- -•.,..).0:.‘,i, •,,,- .44., ,Q9le! . - illbs - ii, .I', : , 4. .;.47.i1/4.,i9 . Iv '-:•;:iii., & 0 n.,-, ...,;:!it• ItIP., .!cjic. • 'fii) i"'-'''.4l' .:sielYol.:o 74,.4h" 5..?,it.1.. CV ''.t);,, ~t;o•,ft.f..-1.77, _ --:.w,•,,,GL-...,);;.:,..,_. . ..:6.,. •ft.c4,... . .e ,-,AL --•:!wi;,•114/rs ~,!:.',. ~.....<;y-te..\•`-'2,1111ti:;,7 :241111,At4:-......, .4.v• 1,f.".,. , -0...-.*, -..,..„....,„.„„.,..?„,;,.. •,:•)-P•ei.,.-„,,,,,,, .0....-.•. r. . ...,--.,:t.:- -e ---,11,. ---,..L..,..:. .40,i..-...6(sf'i!e • AIL • , ,s• e•-•.t,fl • • ..-...'..t.:•-i« .‘.4) 3.0•0 6-666F,--,;/...;':-4- -'. ,

• ' •. , ..:-... ~-.. ' '5!".,.-4 !,1":.' ,Vt— ,- ' ' - ' - , '7., 5.,,,': . •,..4, .•., •: . '....-r! ::.,... (,•tt-: k , 4,. ..,,, ~.., 4, .i„,•,:f. ~...:, 05,,, ,t•••• . •,., , ,• :- *i.:', ~,•;$. •,...,:, ...ti, -„ 4,, i.t ...;41/4,t "-, •R. - -,.. , • 0,- 3. ,: . 6ell/47 ;x, ~,, ~ '.•P‘ ',:".., .',%iti; tiol -2,-1.• ). ... c ..i 'P,. :,-,,,!,,, '''. ....54.:.t. • . , '3 '. ,',.. • -'-';-',V '''':'*;''''. '.!‘e',.. ' 40, S"

===== 0002601_19041029_art0018.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• • .

===== 0002601_19041029_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Whooping-Cough, Influenza, Hoarseness, &c.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
UNPRECEDENTED SUCCESS

the UNIVERSAL REMEDY for

===== 0002601_19041029_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
30 YEARS'

===== 0002601_19041029_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
AS

===== 0002601_19041029_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
HAS PROVED

===== 0002601_19041029_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

DARING BURGLARY AT SANKEY.—The premises of Messrs. W. H. Ireland and Co. Cycle Manufacturers, were forcibly entered on Monday night. The premises were safely secured when left on Monday, but on Tuesday morning a workman found that a burglary had been perpetrated. Mr. Ireland was summoned, and it was found that two new cycles had been removed front the front window, and also a quantity of accessories. The office had been ransacked, and the thieves had evidently been very methodical in their proceedings. Several tools, chisels, gltc., had been left behind, but the police have not yet discovered the persons con- cerned. The value of the goods taken is about £3O, and the news created a mild sensation on Tuesday in the neighbourhood. MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION.—The opening of the session on Wednesday was celebrated by the usual invitation to the members by the President, this office being held this session by Mr. W. Birch. A good number of the members were present, and the evening was pleasantly spent in yorel and instrumental music, and discussing the coming session. Refreshments were handed round, and the session promises to be a success- ful oae. ST MARY'S MISSION.-011 Tuesday .night, a lecture illustrated with lantern views, was gyve* in the above room. The subject was one of interest at the present juncture, being "Japan and the Japanese." There was a large attendance, and the lecture was listened to with great attention. A collection was taken to defray expenses.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Fels-Naptha

Moneyback goes with telling the

Fels-Naptha is true: it does cut washday to half ; it does save bniling it does save clothes; it (it),—; save money.

els-Naptha. 39 Wilson street London E C

A dream—a painter's dream! He had seen I scores of beautiful women in this classic land, hut I ; she surpassed them all. The Monastery of Monte ' Cassino had brought him to this spot, but far more worth the visit was Lucia. ,He would have come from the other side of the world jii, to gaze 1 at her. Such beauty never had lived and iiieathed before. By day and by night her face and her form . were with him. He would reproduce this beauty : on the canvas, and it would bring him fame. Lucia was an orphan. Her mother had died at . her birth; her father, the following_ year. Her : grandmother had brought her up. Marianna was old, selfish, and ill-tempered, and cared little or nothing for her daughter's child. Lucia was not one of the happiest. However, there would soon be a change, she told herself. Her betrothed would return in the winter, and then she would ' marry and have a house of her own. She had been a promised wife for four years—ever since Vincenzo hsd gone to the army. He was a noble-looking fellow, this Vincenzo of hers, handsome of face , and tall of stature, and, although only peasant- born, by his haughty bearing appeared conscious of , being a descendant of the old Masters of the world. : Lucia was proud of being his love, for all the girls • of her acquaintance envied her. A well-matched pair they would make, their elders said, the finest young man and the most beautiful maiden in the pro- vince of Caserta. Lucia bad loved Vincenzo all her life. To be sure she did not love so fiercely and jealously as he did; still she loved, and 'perhaps she would be happier, she thought, than if she put him before everything in the world. Such love as that only brought misery; she had seen it. Her friend Rosa hail thought, before she married him, that there was no one else in all the wide world half so good or so handsome as Antonio. She had put him before everybody and everything. Now she was changed—they both were changed—Rosa and Antonio. They were not so much in love with each other. Antonio's brows were often knit in ' anger, and Rosa's tongue had grown sharp. They had been too passionately in love to last so. Lucia almost wished that Vincenzo loved her less, and then perhaps, he would not change. When Bertram Finnes begged old Marianna to permit him to make a picture of her grand-daughter, she demurred. - "I do not ask the favour without intending to pay for it," he said, taking out his well-filled purse and handing it to her. The expression of her face, and the tone of her voice, instantly changed. "This moment, Signore, as soon as it shall please you, she will wait upon you. Lucia, you' idle one, come forward. Ah, I shall soon get rid of her, Madonna be praised! " continued the old hag. "I won't weep when that Vincenzo of hers takes her away. But here she is, holding her head as high as any Contessa in the city of Rome beyond. She is proud of her face. It won't last I long, it won't last long, the beauty that turns the heads of all the men, young and old. Let her be a wife and a mother ''for a few years. Where will it be? I was a beauty once. Look at me now. The children point at me and call me the devil's wife, then run away, for my face—the face of the once lovely . Marianna —frightens them. If I put, out my hands to take a babe from the arms of its mother, it shrieks in terror, and buries its face in its mother's neck. And yet I was as beautiful as she. But she will change as I have changed, for nothing lasts, no, nothing lasts—nor youth, nor beauty, nor love —nothing except hate; that lasts as long as we last. I hate everyone who has what I have not, yet what I desire. I hate. Santa Maria I how I can hate, and she can do that too. That is all that will be , left to her. Youth, and beauty, and love—all will leave her, but hatred will remain, and grow in strength with increase of years. But here she is, make a picture of her while you may." and the hideous old woman hobbled away to count out the contents of the purse that Bertram Finnes had given her. "An unpleasant old creature," lie thought, as he arranged his easel. "Not the sweetest-tempered old lady in the world, I should think. Signorina," he said to Lucia. . "The .old are seldom sweet-tempered," she replied. "It seems to me that life has dis- appointed them and soured their dispositions. You will find many old women here at Cassino like my grandmother.' For days and weeks Bertram Finnes worked on the canvas that was to bring him fame; at the same time he worked into the heart of the simple peasant girl. It was, not often that she thought of 'Vincenzo now; when she did the thought was that she loved this tawny-haired Englishman so much more than him. This Signor Bertram, this painter who told her that she was a goddess, a young Juno, he was so different from any man she had ever seen before. She did not know exactly what be meant by a goddess and a Juno. It was some- thing in praise of her beauty, of course, for he never wearied of telling her that she, was a feast for his eyes. And now she dreamt of life until the last hour passed with him. What a Heaven on earth it would be. Now she could well understand that passionate . love which put • the beloved before 'everybody and everything else in thi. world. Rosa had loved Antonio like this, and it had come to her. to love like this—but not Vincenzo. - There WA EA no likeness in the love she bore her betrothed to that which she bore this Englishman.. Had she had a brother, she would have. loved him as she loved Vincenzo, but what she felt for Signor Bertram she had never experienced, nor thought of, nor dreamt of, until now. Ah, Rosa's love had changed, it had cooled, was almost extinguished. Her grandmother said it was ever so—marriage killed love. With the man, I possession' extinguished the fire of love; With thefl I woman, the dead ashes remained. But no, it could ' not be ever so; it would not change for her and for him. He had told her his was unalterable— undying. One day he said to her: "Lucia, my beautiful one, I will not work more upon this picture here at Cassino, but take it to London before the winter and finish it there. I will exhibit it in the spring." She grew white and statue,que. "Why that look, Lucia?" "Must you go away ? " she asked, tremulously. 'Not without you, bell' id,010," he replied. Ho often used that expression of endearment, which sounded to her ears so much sweeter from his lips than from those of Vincenzo. ! "You will come with me ?" He strained her to his breast and kissed her repeatedly. "Vincenzo! I am the promised wife of Vincenzo," she said, trying to disengage herself , from: his arms.

_ He restrained her. "What, would you let him stand between you and me—let him destroy our future t " _

"I may not ; no, _no :1 will not be false to him," she exclaimed, wrenoiing herself from his etnbrace. "I have been his proniised wife for four years, and he believes me to be true." "Would you be true to give your hand to him, while I possessed your heart, your love. No, no, Lucia ; we belong to melt other by right of our love." She walked away front him without another word. At Ave Maria he sought her again and repeated his perruasions. 'Would you, my idol, my.goddess, my beantiful queen, prefer to bury yourself here with that taasant fellow than to come with me into the great world and be adored by all' who could appreciate perfect beauty? Lucia, you say yourself that you never , loved him as you love me, and I verily believe the little love you once had for hint has lessened considerably of late.. 'Think no more of him, but come with me away from Cassino, Caserta, Italy, before he leaves the army." She shook her regal heid. "I may not, I may not." The following morning, without another word to Lucia, Bertram Finiies left for Rome, and did not return to Casino for six .or eight weeks. ll', would try what a short absence would do: Re would not give her up lightly. It would be sink a triumph to take this superb creature back with him to London—to take back with him the original of the picture that was to raise him to the pinnacle of fame. In the meantime a change came over Lucia. She thought. Bertram had left her for ever. It seemed to her that the world had suddenly grown dark and cold. All the radiance and sparkle died out of her face, • her head was bent, her step languished; her voice sad. "Bestir yourself, girl," raid old Marianna, "don't go about dreaming of that painting man who made love to you for his amusement, and haa now gone off to do the same thing to soute other foolish one like yourself. It is well for you and for him that Vincenzo did not come back while he was here and see his lips pressed to yours, and hear the honeyed words he poured into your ear. And it was a willing ear too. Cold steel would have settled it." Lucia went but stoke not..

- . She rose frthn the low seat on which she bad been lounging, stretched forth her hands entreat- ingly, reeled, then fell back in a dead swoon. "I had to do it," muttered Bertram Finnes look- ing down at the beautiful creature he had so injured. "I had to do it, and now it is all over."

'Show Sunday had come and gone. All who had seen Bertram Finnes's picture said it was a great work;* it would take the public by surprise • it would bring him a fame, immediate and far- reaching. "How beautiful your picture is, Bertram," said his promised wife, a little fair, blue-eyed, fluffy- haired girl. "But tell me ; who is she ?" • "Nobody, my dear Mabel." "Nobody 1 Is it only an imaginary face; purely your own conception ? " "Well, not exactly, it bears•a slight resemblance to an Italian model—a Roman woman—known at the schools."

"Some people are whispering strange things about the original of your picture," tho girl said, shyly. "That she is-"

"Spare me, sweet one. Our originals are always somebodies. I know the style of the little romances that take the round. I send it in to-morrow. Do you know I.have grown fond of my creation, and I shall miss it from my studio. Yes, ' The Dreamer' goes to Burlington House to-morrow." "I am so proud, intensely proud of you, Bertram. All the world will ring with your praise. They will say that you are the greatest of living English painters." .

- He stooped and kissed the little up-turned face. When Bertram returned to his home that night, he was informed by his housekeeper that a visitor waited him in the studio.

"A visitor at this time of night," he exclaimed, in astonishment, "and in the studio? You have done very wrong, Mrs. Martin, to allow anyone to wait there." "It is the Signora, sir. I thought,you wouldn't mind her waiting. for you in the studio. She said she wished to, wait there." "Not the Signora Lucia. She returned to Italy a month ago, as you know." "Yes, sir, the Signora Lucia,. dressed like a Roman woman of the people, but so thin and worn. You will hardly recognise her." A fearful scowl overspread his face as he strode into the studio. He looked around. There Wa6 no one visible.

"Where are you, Lucia?" he cried. There was no reply. He was angry, and roughly drew aside curtains, portieres, screens, easels where she might be hidden. . "There is no one here, Mrs. Martin," he called to his old housekeeper. "How strange t" she exclaimed-. "The Signori must have let herself out without my hearing her." Bertram Finnes drew a' long breath of relief. He was a moral. coward, and dreaded to %meet his victim face to face again. "And so they have begun to talk already," he thought. "Some of them have seen the original of The Dreamer,' that is sure. But what do I cares so long as Mabel does not believe? My own con-. ception, she asked. No! No mortal man could conceive a beauty such as that. ' He went over to the eauel on 'which was his picture, "The Dreamer," and drew aside the velvet curtain that hung before it. _

Had he stichh'nly gone mad, or were his eyes playing him a trick? Where was the picture that was to carry his name through unborn ages? Ha gazed upon a canvas ripped and torn into shreds -- all that remained of his labour, his ambition, hi. hopes, his dreams. 0 Heavens! What a revenge!" he groaned, as with hit; hands he shut out from his eyes the sigb! of the destruction. "To have taken my life walla' have bean less cruel."

===== 0002601_19041029_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
A PAINTER'S DREAM.

k vopyriyivc.

BY COUNTESS SULMALLA, Antllor of Tito," "Donna Carmen,"

'Story, " " The Birthmark," &c,

'V

Theii, atter six weeks ot absence, Beri returned to Cassino to renew his pleadings., to'"? Lucia that he could not live without her. He' .sought her to become his wife. He would gain the consent '(A her grandmother, not by his tongue, but by his money. That had 'always great power of _persuasion.

‘CWill you always love Me, as you do now ? " Lucia asked, with her. head pillowed upon his bosom, and hei• 6yeg lookitg into his. Raising his right lidud, he called Heaven to witness that not r by deed, .by look, would he give her cause .s'ubt his undying love. "For ever ? " she ‘.i'llispered. "I love you now and for ever," he whispered, and kissed her on the mouth.

"You Would wish your child to be born in Italy, Lucia; you would like it to be an Italian?" said Bertram Finnes.

"I have not thought about that, Bertram. No, I think I would have it born in England. I love England .and the English so much, so much, because you are an Englishman_," and Lucia looked. up with idolatrous love, into the painter's face. "It would .be . best for you to go back to your- grandmOther. • You should not want for every, attention and conifort--"

Lucia laughed. "You know, carissimo, that 1: would not leave you. Even this cold grey London: is a paradise to me, for I am with you." Bertram paced the room, his bands behind his', back, his eyes bent, upon the floor. Lucia had altered in appearance somewhat. She had lost her mountain radiance, still she was not' less beautiful. Her handsome apparel became her well. Bertram deigned everythinr, she wore and: chose her colours. Very few would l have recognised? the peasant girl of Monte Cassino in this stately' beauty. . She wore, on this occasion, a long, looser robe of. purple velvet, bordered with sable andi Indian embroidery in gold and coloured silks, with; pendent sleeves showing the ivory white arms, rounded and dimpled, and encircled by dead gold) serpents. It was cut low at the neck, which was Without ornament, Wand girdled at the waist with gold cord and tassels. The broad plaits of her raven-black hair were coiled at the back of her shapely head, and through them was thrust a jewelled arrow. • "You are troubled, my Bertram," she said. "What is it? He halted in front of her. "Lucia, I must tell you something you ought to!. • have known before now."

• She smiled at him, not having an idea of what wag coming. .

"Our marriage was not. legal." - - -

"Legal ! " slie echoed. " I don't understand you." "It is just this. lam no more your husband, than is that pea,ant, fellow to whom you were betrothed. - We did not go through the forms of a' civil marriage, and the religions. ceremony was no marriage at all." Slse grew very white and camped her hands. "I don't understand," she repeated. "The priest married us in the church."

"In Italy, Lucia—but surely you must know this; the law ties the knot, and the church blesses it. We dispensed with the civil marriage; therefore we- are not married at all."

"Still I cannot understand," she said, in almost a whisper. "If we did not get married properly at Monte Cassino, let us get married her at once. But I cannot understand. I have not heard of this marriage that you speak of. Everyone gets married by the priest at Monte Cassino. You will make .it right, my Bertram. To-morrow. Yes—to-morrow? "That is just what I cannot do, my poor Lucia. It is all wrong from beginning to end, and no one can make it right. , I have found that you and I are not suited to each other. You are ignorant and inexperienced, and totally unable to give 'what my intellect demands. Then again, a man of my posi- tion owes much to society, and that society would neNer tolerate you—an Italian ' peasant woman. Indeed, Lucia, I am sorry, grieved to wake you out of this dream, but it must be 'done, and at once. To tell you the truth, bell' idolo, I am going to be married to a young English lady, very rich, very pretty (not beautiful like you) and an enthusiastic admirer of my pictures. I will give you money for yourself and the child, and you must return to Cassino. Perhaps your—what's his name?— Vincenzo will..marry you."

===== 0002601_19041029_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
[Tim END.]

ALLEGED SERIOUS WOUNDING AT WIDNES. . At Widnes, on Monday,James Carrol, 22,Water-streett was charged with doing grievous bodily harm to Gra° Pati.rce Maher, 12' Barn-street. She was his sister-ie,: law, and prisoner had some dispute with his wife durleti. the course of the day, and at eight o'clock on SaturdaY night he went to Maher's house and burst the door (Tel! The girl was sweeping at the time, and it is alleged twu he caught bold of her by the neck, pulled her a the step, threw her down on the kerbstone, and fell on the top of her. Dr. Creighton Hutchinson stated that tigi• girl was in a semi-conscions state, being very seriousq injured about the bead,and he had reason to believe thau the base of the skull was fractured on the left Superintendent Strickland applied for a remand for a week, and this was granted.

A Tripoli telegram says that six Turkish soldiera have been killed by the natives at Orfella, 10 the interior. The massacre was no to the severity ()Jet" cised in the collection of taxes. Troops have bee° despatched with two guns to reduce the inhabitants to 'submission.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0028.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

L -4111"

===== 0002601_19041029_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The King is understood to be very pleased with the picture of the Coronation upon which Mr. E. A. Abbey, R.A., has been occupied for the past two years. It represents the actual crowning ceremony in the Abbey and measures about 16 feet by 10 feet. This vast canvas was only recently finished and submitted to his Majesty, who is delighted with the work. It will be on view to the public during November at the Honover Galleries, New Bond-street, London, when no doubt many people will take advantage of the opportunity to see this historic picture which has been painted by one of the ablest artists of the present day. It will afterwards be placed in Buckingham Palace or Windsor Castle. The Queen and Sunday Observance.—The Queen's return from Denmark was delayed firstly owing to the illness of the Empress Dowager. of Russia, and secondly onaccount of bad weather, but her Majesty likes the old fashioned Sunday "at home," and always avoids travel- ling on the Sabbath if possible. To her it is a day of rest, and no doubt the Queen shares the opinion that Societyhas gone too far in turning it into a day of entertainment and holiday-making. The popular idea now seems to be to spend the Sunday as far from home as possible, and those who protest against Sunday entertainments and amusements, are voted hopelessly dull and dowdy. Few probably would wish to go back to the dreary dulness of the early Victorian Sabbath and even in Scotland there has been considerable reaction from that state of things, but many people think we have gone to the other extreme and that we are not very far off the Sunday as it is spent in France and other continental countries. Tattlers All.—Afternoon tea has hitherto been regarded as one of the comparatively harmless amuse- ments of Society, but it seems to be viewed by a cer- tain curate as no better than playing Bridge, going to the races, the theatres, and other dissipations. He com- plains that he has been driven from his appointment by, "the gossip at afternoon teas." This he described as a moral and infectious disease, and its chief place was that" pernicious institution of afternoon tea, where the idle women do chiefly collect for nothing else but gossip." It was, he said, the "special playground of the devil," and it is to be concluded from this diatrible that the rev, gentleman must have been the subject of some adverse criticism amongst his parishioners. The London Revival.—London has settled down to its winter season and on the fine days the shops are crowded with customers on the look-out for anything that is new and attracive in matters of dress. People are back from Scotland and .foreign pleasure resorts, and there appears to be less evidence of that general want of money of which shopkeepers have complained for so long. The theatres and restaurants are crowded, whilst Society weddings are numerous, and there is a general revival of entertaining. Amongst afternoon amusements Bridge still retains first place, but ping- pong and all parlour ball games, have been absolutely an bished from the drawing-room. Less Ostentatious Display.—lt is surprising how few toilettes the Society trousseau contains nowadays. Prospective brides seem to have discovered that it is a langp mistake to stock themselves with gowns it would be impossible to wear out, before they became hope- lessly old-fashioned. And yet another welcome note of economy is apparently Spreading, forlashionable dress- makers are complaining that their customers no longer deem it impossible to appear more than two or three times in the same toilette. That Society women are wearing their clothes longer than they have done, for very many years past—indeed since the craze for osten- tataously advertising the extensiveness of their ward- robes, became the correct thing—is a fact, and in this ,1 they are but following the example of our Queen, and I the Princess of Wales, also of many of our great dames, who appear again and again in the same gowns. The New Jerseys.—The knitted and crochetted golf jerseys are this season more fascinating than ever I before. Some open over a simulated waistcoat and show lapels faced with some contrasting colour, others button to the throat where they have turned down collars of some bright hue, but whatever style, they are one and all dressy and smart. The sleeves follow the lines of the new tailor ones. They are plain, and almost tightly fitting, though not aggressively so. For wear With a tailor-made costume, with or without the coat, these new jerseys are particularly suitable and their light clinging warmth can hardly be over-estimated. In price they are more moderate than was the case a year ago and with care they could he made to last for two or three seasons. About Fars.—A few seasons back we had compara- tively little choice in the matter of furs. There were sable, ermine, chinchilla, sealskin, bear, fox, skunk, and a very few, other varieties, and then the:selection ended. Now we have a perfectly bewilderin4 assortment of furs laid before us, and the very misleading names bestowed upon many of the new specimens, makes the conaision worse than ever. Monkey skin for example is presented under various high sounding titles, rabbit skin dexterously treated, masquerades under names that sound more alluring than the real one, while hare skin is served up in like manner. Truly the ordinary parohaser would never recognise the place in natural history of the majority of the fur bearing animals as they are now presented to us. But with all the perfec- tion that has been attained in the treatment of skins, and in the processes of dyeing and imparting lustre to the hair, a _little real fur, if only of the less expensive

kinds is really a better purchase than the most beauti- fully "faked" varieties. It wears and looks well to the last, which is more than can be said for most of the imitation sable, ermine, fox, sealskin, and chinchilla. So far,greater success has attended the imitation of sable than chinchilla or ermine,and imitation pointed fox is a fur to be avoided. The real skin has a multiplicity of white hairs, which in the imitation article are simply stuck in. These quickly fall out, and in appearance the fur is spoiled. The Leading Colour.—Tailors, dressmakers, and milliners, seem all to have • decided that brown is to be the one and only possible colour this winter. Brown chiffon, in all shades, is in great request for dance and dinner dresses, and in the streets one cannot but notice the predominance of this hue. Many of these walking gowns of the darker shades have an introduction of orange about the collar, but few complexions can stand the proximity of this startling colour, and it is best to avoid such risky attempts to give a smart and effective set off to the dress. Brown by itself is usually regarded as anything but complimentary to the great majority of women but it is only that which partakes of the dull drab shade that is open to this objection. For the brunette, the warm reddish browns are the most becom- ing, whilst the fair-haired, with a clear skin, may safely wear any shade, from the palest cafe an lait,to the soft, nut browns.

MAD GE.

ft.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0030.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•' • .„ e.., , .f

===== 0002601_19041029_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
d&iaM-

===== 0002601_19041029_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
to

For INFANTS, 1 NVALI S 5 and the

THE BRITISH MEDICAL JOURNAL says: "Benger's Food has by its excellence established a reputation of its own."

A delicious highly nutritive and most easily digested Food, specially prepared for Infants and for Adults whose digestive powers have been weakened by illness or advancing years. The experience of thousands has proved that this Food can be enjoyed and assimilated when others disagree.

Sold in Cins by Chemists, etc., everywhere. 8 40

===== 0002601_19041029_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
er

RHEUMATISM CURED.

YOUR DOCTORS AND BUXTON BATHS FAILED.

BILE BEANS PROVED SUCCESSFUL.

Have you rheumatism? If so, read this Proof of what Bile Beans have done for one who used to have it.

_ Mr. Henry Poole, of Vicarage-road, Watford, is the gentleman referred to, and here is his statement : " When I reached the age of fifty-three, rheumatism settled in my legs. Day and night Ipsuffered great agony, as there was no cessation of the pain. puickly from a healthy man I was changed into a decrepit old man, able to get over no more than a few yards with the aid of crutches. I was quite infirm and deformed with pain, and I could not sit down to my meals. I had to kneel on the floor and take my food from a plate on the sofa, or other broad low piece of furniture. "I had the attendance of four different doctors during twelve months. All said the same thing—that I was a victim to muscular rheumatism. These doctors failed to remove the cause of the ailment. Afterwards I went to the University College Hospital, Gower-street, London, but nothing beneficial resulted from the treat- ment.

"The next experiment was to place myself in the hands of a physician at West Hampstead. This gentle- man was hopeful of curing me but he also failed. The last attempt to obtain relief was to go to Buxton Hospital, where I was under special treatment for four weeks.

"At Buxton, however, I met an old man who said he had derived benefit from Chas. Forde's Bile Beans. He said they were a wonderful medicine. From Buxton I went to Bournemouth. There again I heard the praises of Bile Beans as a cure for rheumatism. From Bourne- mouth I journeyed to Salisbury, my native place. Here again I was told by people who had been afflicted ,by my complaint that Bile Beans were a wonderful medicine in such cases. So while at Salisbury I gave Bile Beans a trial. - "In a comparatively short time the pain ceased. Then I became able to sit and stand more upright. Very soon I was able to get about without pain. In a few weeks I was brighter and had more confidence in myself e I continued with Bile Beans, and never had any relapse. Steadily and with increasing power I improved, and I rapidly became my old self. am thoroughly well now, and able to walk as well as ever I did. 11,1 y crutches became no longer needful after I had been taking Bile Beans for a few weeks, and I have put them away, I hope, for ever." Bile Beans are also ecure for indigestion, constipa- tion, piles, headache, female ailments, debility, flatu- lence, and all blood impurities. Of all chemists at is. lid. or 2s. 9d. per box (2s. 9d. box contains $ times is. lid. size.)

===== 0002601_19041029_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
WILL OF MR. JAMES LYTHGOE.

Mr. James Lythgoe, of the Oddfellowsr Arms, Legh- street,Earlestown, licensed victualler, who died on the 4th September last, left estate which has been valued at £8097 4s. id. gross, including net personalty sworn at £7579 188. 4d. Probate of his will, bearing date of 14th January, 1901, has been granted to his son, Mr. Thomas Lythgoe, licensed victualler, and Miss Eliza Edwards, both of the Oddfellows' Arms, Earlestown. The testator left the whole of his estate to his son Thomas, with the exception of a sum of £5OO, which he directed should be lodged in the bank to provide a fund from which £1 per week should be paid to the said Eliza Edwards so long as she shall continue un- married, and a sum of £250 to provides fund from which the testator's daughter, Mrs. Nancy Brimelow, shall receive 10s. per week for so l long as she shall continue married to her present husband; on the death or marriage of either of these beneficiaries, the balance of their pension fund is to become the property of the Itestator's son, Thomas.

.t rt. y. cott

===== 0002601_19041029_art0035.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t J

===== 0002601_19041029_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
11,1' ect

C".^ ".12t

===== 0002601_19041029_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, Octoiperi 29, 1904.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.

• One never feels that summer is altogether a thing of the past until the windows of the shops display their annual selections of cosy fur garments in all the newest shapes and styles. Old fur coats which have got, out of date as to cut and are really so well worh that it is not worth while having them re-modelled can be cut up into trimmings, the largest and best pieces coming in for the rolling collar and turn back cuffs so fashionable at present, while the rest can be used up in the form of edgings to the pointed cape collars which are quite a feature of the smartest cloth and tweed costumes. It is surprising, indeed, how a little ingenuity will work Wonders with materials which to a careless eye might appear perfectly useless. For instance, I saw a really admirable idea carried out by which an old sable necklet of the straight shape that had got badly rubbed at the back of the neck so

===== 0002601_19041029_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
A SMART HAT.

that it was in places quite bare, .was used te trim one of the new broad fiat-crowned hats. The lining and wadding inside were nearly all removed and the necklet was arranged in the form of a band round the crown with an old lace scarf twisted in and out of the fur, the handsome patterned ends drooping slightly over the brim at one side of the back after being knotted, while some of the hest and smallest sable tails intermingled with it in a most effective style. The hat itself was a rough surfaced white fdt and the bandeau under the brim was covered with a bow of petunia coloured velvet. The result was a very handsome and expensive looking hat at a trifling cost. My first sketch depicts a very smart felt hat. The colour is a soft grey and the felt is of the smooth kind, and in the latest form of the still fashionable "Marquise." A large bird is arranged on the crown in an unusual but very jeffective manner, and a twist of golden brown velvet is twisted Iround the crown. Nothing could be more serviceable than a hat of this style which is not too large to be inconvenient for the arrangement of a veil. I have been much stri-1 this summer

COSY COAT. by the fact that veils were so little worn, and except in the loose hanging heavily bondesed veil very few women seemed to think it necessary to protect their complexions from wind or sun. Why this should have been so I cannot say, unless it is a reflection of the cam- paign carried on by the "no hat" brigade, a set of strong minded young ladies who set custom and fashion alike at defiance and walked abroad without any protection for their heads except perhaps a sunshade. The mode certainly has a certain amount et sense in it, for there are few of us who are not aware of the benefits of plenty of sunshine and fresh air to the hair, but it also has the disadvantage of maling the exponents thereof appear out of the ordinary and therefore uncomfortably re- markable, while it almost necessitates a daily washing of the hair, and this to the women possessed of thick flowing tresses is a serious undertaking. As the weather becomes colder_ 'and more unpleasant we will, I fancy, see the death of this fad.

Very cosy indeed is the comfortable fur coat given in my second sketch. It has the advantage of being cut so that it can be worn equally well open to show a dainty front and some soft lace as tightly fastened up so as to protect both rungs and throat.VlThe sleeves are of the latest style, and it is in the much approved Russian coat mode caught in at the waist by a belt of soft kid. The fur is a sable coloured unsquash Which looks particularly well with a cloth skirt of the same shade and a white felt hat trimmed With a brown velvet

ACA struc, & la), 1 ....'„A., (i 1 $ .7----- 1 11(,, /".. 1. /i, giiv,:-.•-.."...i ' "fti74 i - • A \l, % k)

:ct wit 41011,-P‘, • , 49. Ittio 1 1. k , ,

===== 0002601_19041029_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY GOWN

bow. Fur coats in the early days of our mothers were things to be purchased once or perhaps twice in a lifetime, but things are very different in modern these times. A pretty and useful coat can be got at present from a couple of potluck up to any price, whereas a few years .ago nothing except ex- pensive articles could be worn by, any self- respecting woman. My last illustration depicts the charms of a really charming gown which is at once easy and comfortable to w ear and yet dressy enough looking to do duty for home dinner wear. It could be expressed in any material from silk or satin to zenana cloth or cashmere. Of course there are some Nvornen who do not care for a low necked gown such its this, but this could easily be remedied f the addition of a lace yoke either transparent or over a lining of silk. The deep lace Cape which covers the shoulders and falls yell down over the arms terminates in a senes of narrow lace frills which extend down either side of the front to the feet. These fall apart to show a front of pleated silk caught at the neck and waist by a folded band of silk secured by an ornamental buckle. Black silk or vehret makes an effective note of contrast in a pale coloured gown and • a bow to match should be worn in the hair in the manner depicted in my sketch. This is a style of gown which has proved its worth and comfort as a change from the severity of the ordinary every day style of dress. -

THE BECK INQUIRY.

AN INTERE:

./ One of the chief topics of Conversation at the moment is the Beek Inquiry. The Com- mission, which consists of Sir Richard Henn Collins, the Master of the Rolls, who is president; Sir John Edge, K.C., who was a judge in India; and Sir Spencer Walpole, who was secretary to the Post Office until recently, sits almost daily in the Royal Commission House- in Old Palace Yard, Westminster. It opened somewhat sen- sationally with a refusal by Mr. Beck, through his solicitor, Sir George Lewis, either to attend or to furnish a statement, on the ground that the Commission would not allow him to be represented by counsel and that his own English was imperfect. In opening the proceedings, the Master of the Rolls made special reference to the matter and pointed out that if one party had been represented by counsel many others would have demanded the same privilege. The inquiry, he centinued, Was now not so much for the satisfaction of Mr. Beck personally as of the nation, who were eager to find out where the mistake had come in and how such things were in the future to be avoided. As a consequence, Mr. Adolph Beck was present the second day with Sir George Lewis and received the most sympathetic treatment at the hands of the Commission AN hile he made his statement. Since then he has been present each day, asking a pertin- ent question from time to time. There has been a host of other interesting witnesses. Sir Eenelm Digby and Mr. C. E. Troup told the Home Office part of the story. Sir Robert Anderson ,and Mr. Melville Mac- naughten, with Inspectors Forrest and Ward and a crowd of lesser lights amongst the police, induding ex-Sergeant Spurrell, who candidly admitted his error in identification, represented Scotland Yard. Lord Desart, the Public Prosecutor, and Mr. Sims detailed the actions and ideas of the Treasury. Mr. Horace Avory, K.C., who prosecuted, andi Mr. Gill, K.C., who defended, both volun- teered statements, and several other lawyers gave evidence concerning their connection with the case. The Recorder, Sir Forrest Fulton, also, contrary) to all precedent or obligation, temporarily vacated the Bench for the witness table and offered the Commission statement of how the case had appeared to him, and, while speaking most sym- pathetically of Beck's unjust conviction, he frankly admitted having no recollection of prosecuting John Smith in 1877. Amongst the most interesting incidents of the inquiry were Mr. Avory's protest against Sir George Lewis's letter to Mr. G. R. Sims' articles, into which he read a reflection on himself, which, it was explained, was not implied, and the contradiction of ex-Inspector Waldock by Mr. Sims, the Treasury. solicitor, with reference to his having reported to him that Beck could not be Smith as the marks did not tally The report of the Commission will he full of interest to every Briton, and it is to be hoped that it will be followed by more adequate compensation for Mr. Beck.

THE SHELLING OF BRITISH TRAWLERS BY THE RUSSIAN FLEET.

During th'e war in the Far East there has been much unwarrantable interference with British shipping, • but it has been com- pletely eclipsed by the extraordinary incident which took place last • Friday at midnight in the North Sea.. Some 150 trawlers from Hull were peacefully fishing on the • Dogger Bank, about 200 miles from Spurn Head, when a number of men-of-war, which turned out to be the Russian Balt,.c Fleet, suddenly bore down upon them. SeaPchlights were turned upon the fishing craft, and without the slight- est warning a violent fusilade was opened upon the innocent trtwiers, carrying death and destruction among the unfortunate crews. The warships then steamed rapidly away. One of the fishing vessels—the Crane—was almost instantly sunk, its captain and one of

A STEAM TRAWLER.

the crew being killed.. The survivors, many of whom were badly wounded, were rescued. The full extent of the damage to the fishing craft and the fishermen is not yet known, but the facts have been laid before the For- eign Office and the Board of Admiralty and • the fullest investigation will take place and all the,, reparation possible demanded from the •Rii§sian Government. The general opinion is that it was not a wilful act, and it is thought in some quarters that the men-of- war mistook the trawlers for disguised Japanese vessels laying mines for the destruc- tion of the Russian Fleet, .hence the terrible blunder. In view, however, of the fact that the fishing boats were showing the usual lights. recognised' by international custom, and that they were unarmed, the outrage .seems inex- plicable. Needless to say the greatest sympathy is felt for the victims and their relatives.

COQUETTE.

rG GROUP.

le Sir George Lewis. 2. Mr. Beck. 3. Mr. Gill, K.C. 4. The convict Smith (Mr. Beck's double). 5. Mr. Avory, K.C., 6. the Master of the Rolls.

which will be made into commemoratioi medals. Already the Albert Hall and other great buildings have been bespoken all ovet the Empire for the celebration, and the old "Victory," Nelson's flag-ship, which is yearly decorated with flags and adorned with his famous signal, will be the centre of a great display. Thus the centenary promises LORD NELSON. SIR JOHN FISHER.

NELSON'S FAMOUS MONUMENT IN TRAFALGAR

SQUARE. to be worthy of the great event. On Trafalgar Day, fittingly enough, Admiral Sir John Fisher, the Navy's popular f` Jacky," took up his new post at the Admiralty, where he did such good work as Second Lord. Now he returns as First Sea Lord in succession to Lord Walter Kerr, and great things are expected of his term of office.

• . . - . • • 43(

,\\ K\ ..,\\ Ti.,\. ~ ..\. _. oil, ~},,,.A____________„viv,__,, ,_....,,,,, ~„„ . i _____,,i;\ if\ .. .. •,, . eyt, ~.1 ..... 1..;.,t.„,\., 1 ~,;, i ~......-...... 41 - •*.„,'-,N,.._ ..„_-.XqAI,,. 4..ixtra•i::,,.' •,----.--,.,, - ‘z.---z..---7.,".--,;,Av,--r,-.,c,,:i.7-4.7.!i-•,-,-...._..__--:---_ -•— •,-,-z?z4.4.ivii.-,—,,*-,..9.k.,,,--...;.t.,....p,._- -------__ , ~---0......, -•'•"_7= •---",- --s-"••••-• --=....,---..-.________-_-_ -------- .

.--.-='''l6

. .. , .-....:.e. ... - C , ---040 ' , ' - I- , '`44 = • `,s.k 01k, • , zr . /6 I "tr.. --- .../ 2 • k \.....1Z; r. . ' ) .., . 7: :', ---,, .;...,, :•3 q - . . v.,..:. • ~.1 ..,, . ~, . .... -.:4,,.......-- . - - - 1 t • - .„,„„,, ......, /ir. , • /, 4 t _ , ......, s r -:- ' . ir. .‘ • 111.17 • ...~..',./.: ~ .. ~, - . _ ..`,./.`..i.#;.:-..• - - • •.'• ~,f........,- • '• ' . .. , STIN

. - ' "Putill- 1 , . " *.•-• ' .- • -7 .. f !I - k • ./-;A% .1/ ....• i ' , 4. ''' ‘. ' .":-Z7' . - ' , , ,i • 14., AittliEllil2o' . ' 0 - ':-64..'ki i-- • -- ' •1".. i11.',1.---7-117---.- • ' -- ' fi r..lifo'` li i . __. mil 0: • ~.. in ,01----:-7--- , : . . , .. 11 , . ~,..."- -, 11 •- '.: -•-- • i . "._:._ -. •-,,,t‘ i ~.. . , I flil Illi II I -41 , • 11. i111111r• I 111 ---...iii.iiihit'illf —',..a._ • ' '-:4lfir ..,. ...-•-4-0.1 . ~_ iii ib, .. 41,- ----- .. , i .., t • : 11,, v ' t,... • . " - • .-P J• i • _ ip.- - 44-N.- - '''. : -*---------' : f,ii • T • ' A , - . ......,_,:.:.::--•-• • ' + ',..1.-_,.."--7' a ili • . , . ...., . w.j.... 1 , . _ r 6. ,

===== 0002601_19041029_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
EVENTS OF THE WEEK.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ANNIVERSARY OF TRAFALGAR.

' The anniversary of the gr,.. t victory oft . Cape Trafalgar on October 21st, 1805, is always celebrated loyally in London, and homage is annually paid to :he memory of the great admiral mho lost his life. This year has proved no exception, and once more the lofty statue, with its Landseer lions keeping guard at the foot, -.vas c:wered with tokens, sliwking that we are not a nation of shOrt memories 'or ingratitude. Next year will be the centenary of Trafalgar, • and already plans and proposals are on foot for its proper 'celebration. It is - proposed to raise a centenary. fund of a million shillings in memory of the great admiral, to be applied for the benefit of sailors under the auspices of the British and Foreign Sailors' Society, who intend, amongst other things, to build a Sailors' Rest at King's Lynn, near Nelson's old Norfolk home. The fuird will ,be swelled by a gift from the Admiralty of ithe oak and the copper recently taken from tile H Victory" and the 11 Foudroyant,'!

===== 0002601_19041029_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
A FAMOUS HEROINE.

Only 195 out of the 673 heroes returned, mosti. of them wounded, and to-day but fee' of the honoured veterans survive. Ranking with them in the public estimation comes the " veteran " Miss Florence Nightingale, the heroine of the campaign, who raised a corps of thirty-eight nurses to tend the sick and wounded in the Crimea and faced every privation and hardship on her, ex- pedition of mercy. A national testimonial of Iso,ooo was raised for her upon her return home, but, instead of applying it to private purposes, she generously used it to endow the nursing home which bears her name. Then thirty-four years of age, Miss Florence Nightingale is now eighty-four and for the last ten years has been an invalid, confined to her house .in South Street, Park Lane. Put her mind is quite clear, and she still follows anything to do with nursing with great keenness. Her name is a household word through the country, and the memory of her heroism is evergreen wherever English is spoken.

Other great anniversaries are the jubilees of the Charge of the Light Brigade at Balaclava, which took place on October 25th, 1854, and the departure of Miss Florence Nightingale with her gallant band of nurses for the Crimea three days before. Both are events of which the country is justly proud, and their fiftieth anniver- 4,. At sar y recalls them vividly to k ' ' 3 recollection. itr • . *•.. ' - - V- • '. . There have been ........;,,, t. 1.; k •.. few, if any. -... . . ..• : . more gallant - episodes in the history of the S\ , \ world than ade, the N af . ....y charge of thet,\, Light Brig 011.#V which arose. V e - - strangely enough, from , the misconcep- Nitss FLORENCE NIGHTINGALI. tion of an order.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
A THEATRICAL WEDDING.

A the;atrical wedding of more than usual interest was that of Mr. Edward Terry, the well - known actor, to Lady Harris, widow of Sir Augustus Harris, who was nicknamed " Druriolanus," after his famous theatre. The engagement had only just been made public and it was stated that the wedding would take place shortly before Christmas, prepara- tory to Mr. Terry's departure to America, whither his bride would accompany him. The ceremony, however, actually took place on Monday at the Parish Church of Barnes, where Mr. Terry resides. The wedding was a very quiet one, only a few relatives being present. The bride is the sister of Mr. Rendle, who controls the fortunes of Covent Garden, and has one daughter, Patience, who is at present acting in the provinces in Mrs. Michael Gunn's company. Mr. Edward Terry is nowadays almost better known in the provinces than in London although he owns Terry's Theatre in the Strand, where, during the last season, he produced "The' House of Burn- side." Born in 1844, this veteran actor is sixty years of age and has spent over forty of them on the stage. His father was Mr.

______ • 40. 4,•• _,....- —..-• ' ~..._ '.77T ‘WPV''' • / :- /I.'', , • /".. /7911,........ ' \ ~ . -•--:, • t ..."1' '''• i ~..(,..1 , ::: , . .....:Mii, , 5,.. \' \ , i E•.• slily. • 7: .C.t- '.. . II 'II' a '"'. f-t., . 4• . ..t 1;;;;:..-:: • • 1,7,*4 t.V. • ' /- 'll' I 4; -j• ).. . , , _,...,.„.„.1...._.„, ~ ir.\.. \\\ -.4.• ; ~ ' • , • . Ix' ~ Z...,,v<, . ~ y .‘... ~,.._ ,________.: K' • .it: (:'.-----tql--''S '''' \''.:,.......// \-.:11.-IJ ' , -

===== 0002601_19041029_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. EDWARD TERRY AND LADY HARRIS.

John Terry, who was also an actor. Mr. Terry's first London appearance was at the old Surrey in 1867. A year later he played at the Lyceum, and in 1869 went to the Strand for six years. In 5875 he joined the Gaiety company. and in 1887 he opened his owr theatre. Mr. Terry has visited almost every corner of the world, and few actors have wider circle of admirers. -

===== 0002601_19041029_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
COVERn TRAMS.

*''A Boon to the Public, Sanctioned.

IPTAt the Council meeting on Tuesday, Alderman Smethurst moved the minutes of the Electricity and Tramways Committee.—At a meeting of this Committee a letter was read from COuncillor Peter Peacock sug- gesting the trial of halfpenny tram fares on the Long- ford route. and the running of workmen's cars after 5 p.m. It was resolved" That the manager be instructed to run workmen's cars in accordance with the above suggestion." A copy of a report prepared by the Tram- ways Manager on roof coverings for cars was supplied to each member of the committee, and the considera- tion thereof deferred to the next meeting.—lt was resolved that the manager be instructed to report as to the advisability of running overlapping stages through- out the system; and the proposal to charge a halfpenny fare on the Longford route. A letter was read from the Postmaster asking that special facilities should be given for postmen to travel On the cars at a reduced fare so as to expedite the postal service in the suburbs, , and after discussion it was resolved, that the Town • Clerk be instructed to inform the Postmaster that the committee regret they cannot see their way to comply ' with his request. At a. meeting on the 21st October it was resolved that an order be placed with Messrs. Milner, Voss and Co., of Birkenhead, to supply four top covers for tramcars at £BO each, including the cost of new trolley poles. Alderman SMETHURST in proposing the acceptance of the above minutes said the committee had had a special meeting and sanctioned the ordering of 4 cover-tops for tramcars at each. The experience of other towns , was that the introduction of covered cars increased the ' revenue. They had been to Birkenhead and other places * and he thought they had got the best type of cover-top. A VOICE: Have it as a smoker. The MAYOR : They can smoke as much as they like. Councillor WILKINSON seconded.

Councillor TINNION asked where the money was coming from to pay for these covers. it was not fair to the officials that committees should spend money which would have to be added to the capital account without the sanction of the Local Government Board. The officials would have to go before the Board and make excuses and it was not fair to them. The com- mittee had neither the money to pay for these covers nor the power to borrow it. Councillor Ev.txs said he was inclined to take the matter even further. Here was a case in which four of these covershad already been ordered before the sanc- tion of the Council had been obtained.

I The MAYOR: The orders are given subject to the confirmation of the minutes by the Council. I Councillor EVANS : I will move an amendment that this minute be not confirmed. I The MAYOR: The covers cannot be delivered for a month and the Local Government Board will be applied to before then. I Councillor EVANS: Money should not be spent in this way without the sanction of the Council. Councillor PEMBERTON seconded the amendment. He was a member of the committee but he did not get sufficient notice for the special meeting of the com- mittee. He had only about five hours' notice and he was unable to attend the meeting. Councillor WILONSON said the action of the com- mittee was perfectly justifiable. There was no cheaper or better cover-deck on the market than this. There was nothing really wrong in the action they had taken. At 4 percent. the cost per annum of the capital expen- diture would only he £l2, and they would get both " downstairs "and " upstairs " full. Councillor STOTT supported the principle of no goods being ordered before the sanction of the .Council had been obtained. Some of the committees needed teach- ing their place. Rethought the Tramways Committee was to blame for not taking the matter up earlier than the beginning of October. Alderman SUTTON supported the committee because he thought the covers were necessary for the protection of the publi3. Alderman PIERPOINT said that though he had been unable to attend the meeting of the committee their action had his warmest sympathy. Although the principle was perhaps wrong, it was not the first time they had had a sermon about the spending of £lOO when thousands had been passed without a word. This was a matter of urgency. Councillor THORNTON said they were all agreed upon the question of principle, but seeing the urgency of the matter he should vote for the minutes. Councillor TINNION : If the committee is going to apply immediately for the money I will vote for the expenditure, but not unless sanction is obtained. Councillor BURTON asked if there would be any delay caused by adopting the amendment ? (Cries of "Yes.") "Then I shall vote for the minutes on the question of urgency,"he added. Alderman S3IETHURST (to the objectors) : Some of you gentlemen pose as the workingman's friend, yet you would sooner he rode on a wet seat. (Laughter.) Councillor EVANS: I rise to a point of order ! The MAYOR: Mr. James Evans will withdraw that he is the workingmen's friend. (Laughter.) Councillor EVANS: He is talking entirely away from the amendment.

Alderman SMETHURST said they had been so pressed to get these covers that they were anxious to avoid any delay. He asked them, on behalf of the travelling public, to pass the minutes. There ought to be accommodation for a man to go on top and smoke his pipe.

'Councillor TINNION : His cigar! (Loud laughter in which Alderman Smethurst joined). A vote was then taken and the amendment was lost by 19 votes to 7. The minutes were then confirmed.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL COMPANY SUED. Warrington Cab Driver's Claim for Damages.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday,before his •Honour Judge Bo wen Rowlands, K.C., William Goodenough, Wharf-street, brought an action against the Manchester Ship Canal Company, to recover £2 for damages to a waggonette caused by the negligence of the company in having a swing bridge below the level of the highway. Mr. Browne appeared for the plaintiff, Mr. Newman, Manchester, appearing for the defendant company. Mr. Browne explained that Mr. Goodenough had on a former occasion recovered damages from the Man- chester Ship Canal Company, for an accident to a waggonette caused in exactly the same way. He understood that the defendants were under the impression that the waggonette, the damages to which formed the subject of that action, was the one which was damaged on a former occasion. That was not so as the waggonette had been hired from a respectable firm of job masters in the town Mr. Goodenough was a charac- ter who was well known in Warrington, who made a living by driving people to different shows on the out- skirts of the town. On the date in question,Mr. Good- enough was engaged bringing persons to and from Walton Show, having on the way to cross over the Stag bridge over the Ship Canal. The swing bridges across the canal when turned back were not exactly the same level as the roadway and had to be raised to that level by machinery operated within a cabin. On tile date in question the bridge had evidently not been raised after being turned as when Mr. Goodenough drove on to it he felt a lump. He drove on to the crossings where he put down his passengers. He then examined the waggonette when he found the body was damaged and the springs out of order. He immediately drove back to the swing bridge and showed tha damage to Mr. Campbell, the man in charge. He then made a more thorough examination of the waggonette, and found it was in such a serious condition that it could not be used with safety. He accordingly returned it to the person from whom he hired it. The waggonette, which was in good condition when taken out, was repaired at a cost of gl 4s. 6d. The balance of the claim was made up by loss of business. Mr. Newman cOntended that plaintiff had no ground for an action. The only person who could bring an action against the Ship canal Company was the owner of the damaged waggonette. The owners of the waggonette could not recover from Mr. Goodenough provided he had exeraised ressonablacare whilst driving. His Honour held with Mr. Newman, on the point with regard to the damage to the waggonette. Mr. Browne then amended his claim and sought to recover damages for loss at business resultant upon the accident.

Mr. Newman said he had no objection to Mr. Good- enough being compensated and offered the sum of 15s. This sum Mr. Browne agreed to accept and with the consent of his Honour withdrew the claim.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
BISHOP OF HEREFORD AT BARLESTOWS.

On Monday evening the annual reception given by Colonel R. Pilkington M.P., and Mrs.Pilkington to the members and friends Of the Earlestown branch of the Y.M.C.A. was held at the Town Hall, there being a very large gathering which included the Bishop of Hereford (Dr. Percival) and leaders in the Y.M.C.A. institution.—The Bishop of Hereford said that one of the most unfortunate things in the life of any com- munity was sectarian jealousy and antagonism. He had just returned from Boston, U.S.A., and what struck him most was the absolutely friendly way in which all denominations of Christians worked together, despite the fact that the men who founded Boston, though earnestly religious, were the most intolerant people on earth. He cited instances of the absence of sectarian bitterness and division ther6, and said that in the town of Manchester, Mass., the Protestants contributed to the erection of a Roman Catholic church, but when the Protestants were building a church the [Lamm Catholic Archbishop said it was contrary to his faith to support the building of a heretical church, vet he would give them a hundred dollars towards the cost of palling the old one down. (Applause.) He had hoped a few years ago th :t the feeling of union between the Nonconformist bodies and the Church would have grown stronger, but it had a check, though he hooad to oatlive that check, and to see the spirit of moral ~-eadwill growing apace. The united services of the Y.N1.0 A. would do great wark in Ii at respect.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
COMA'

Soap, Ointment and Pills the World's Greatest Skin Cures.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
PRICE THE SET 4sl 9d,

Complete Treatment for Every Humour, from Pimples to Scrofula.

The agonizing itching and burning of the skin, as in eczema; the frightful scaling, as in psoriasis; the loss of hair and crusting of the scalp, as in scalled head; the facial disfigurement, as in pimples and ringworm; the awful suffering of infants and the anxiety of worn-out parents, as in milk crust, tet- ter and salt rheum, all demand a rem- edy of almost superhuman virtues to successfully cope with them. That Cuticura Soap, Ointment and Pills are such stands proven beyond all doubt. No statement is made regarding them that is not justified by the strongest evidence. The purity and sweetness, the power to afford immediate relief, the certainty of speedy and permanent cure, the absolute safety and great economy, have made them the stand- ard skin cures and humour remedies of the civilized world.

The grandest testimonial that can be offered the Cuticura remedies is their world-wide sale, due to the personal recommendations of those who have used them. From a small beginning In the simplest form, against prejudice and opposition, against monied hosts, countless rivals, and trade indifference, Cuticura remedies have become the greatest curatives of their time, and, in fact, of all time, for nowhere in the history of medicine is to be found another approaching them in popularity and sale. In every clime and with every people they have met with the same reception. The confines of the earth are the only limits to their growth. They have conquered the world.

Bold throughout the world. Cuticur& Resolvent, 2s. 64. (in form of Chocolate Coated Pills, Is. lid. per via of 60), Ointment, Is. 6d., Soap, Is. Depots : London, 27 Charter- house Sq.; Paris, Rue de la Tex; Boston, 137 Colum- bus Ave. Potter Drug & Chem. Corp., Sole Proprietors. Send for' A Book about Cuticum."

===== 0002601_19041029_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MR. EDWARD

PICKAVANCE,

Another well-known Warrington tradesman has passed away in the person of Mr. Edward Pickavance, who since 1870 had carried on the business of a leather mer- chant in Bridge-street. Two years ago Mr. Pickavance was seized with a serious illness whilst on a visit to London, from which he never properly recovered. About three months back he was again taken ill and was confined to his bed. Small hopes of his ultimate recovery were entertained, and he passed away early on Saturday morning. The deceased gentleman, who was in his 66th year, came to Warrington from St. Helans in 1870, and founded the leather business which for a number of years was carried on under the title of "Abel and Pickavance." Ten years ago the partnership was dissolved and since then the business has been carried on under the name of "Picka- vance and Son." In politics he was a staunch Liberal, and in his earlier years took an active interest in the work af the Warrington Liberal Association. He 'rasa regular worshipper at Wycliffe Congregational Church pnd was very closely identified with the Sunday School connected with that place of worship, conducting a class for over 30 years, in fact by his death both the church and Sunday school have lost one of theie strongest supporters. He leaves one son and four daughters, and a large elide of friends to mourn his loss.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUNERAL.

The funeral took place at the Cemetery on Tuesday afternoon. The first part of the service was conducted by the Rev. J. Yonge at the house, and the cortege pro- ceeded direct to the graveside, where the final part of the service was held in the presence of a large gathering of relatives and friends. The chief mourners were : Messrs. E. Pickavance (s3n), W. Robinson, St. Helens; H. Robinson, st. Helens; J. B. Robinson, Cheshunt (step-brothers) ; F. Robinson, Garston (nephew) ; A. Knowles, A. Booth, E. Abel, St. Helens; Rev. J. Yonge, Dr. Smith, Messrs. J. Longland, solicitor; F. Brown, J. Taylor, G. Clay, W. Beswick, D. R. Mason, Bradford ; E. Wallington; G. Wallington, J. Kershaw,C. Eccles, R. Shackleton, and J. Critchley. The Warring- ton Cycling Club were represented by the following : MFssrs. W. Brown, D. Hodge, F. Garnett, J. Podmore, Jun., and T. F. Kiernan. Others at the graveside were: —Messrs. A. Corney, E. S. Garland, D. Wyllie, P. T. Winskill, J. Podmore, J. P. Jones, C. H. Hibbert, H. Roberts, J.P., W. Jeffrey, D. Owen, G. Brown, J. Brown, J. Ball, R. H. Daintith, and C. Leigh. Wreaths were sent by the following :—Son and daughters; Miss Robinson (sister), Newport, Salop; Mr. and Mrs. F. Robinson, Garston; Mr. Arthur Knowles; Wycliffe Sunday School second class males, Sunday School teachers, Young People's Society; Mr. and Mrs. Abel, St. Helens ; Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Booth, Mr. Beswick and family, Mr. Brown and family, Mr. Brayshaw and family, the Warrington Cycling Club, Mr. and Mrs. Clay, Misses Fieldhouse, Mr. Charles Hopkins, Miss Jewkes, Mr. and Mrs. Kershaw, Mr. T. F. Kiernan, Cuddington ; Mrs. Mackenzie, Bradford; Mr. and Mrs. Mason, Bradford; Master Gilbert Mason, Bradford; Mrs. Mottram and Mrs. Whitehouse, Mrs. Massey, Mr. and Mrs. Birch, Miss Pigott, Newport, Salop; Mr. and Mrs. Shackleton, Mr. and Mrs. Thomason and family, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Wallington, Miss Warburton, Lamb Brook and the Rev. and Mrs. J. Yonge.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
SONGS OF AGONY.

Delirious with Sciatica, this Man Finally Collapsed. Dr. Willians' Pink Pills made him an Active Worker again. "I am toldithat when delirious with pain I actually sang songs," said Frederick Friday, and those who have suffered from Sciatica know what he endured. "For sears," he said to a "Merthyr Express" repo- " I was a martyr to • Sciatica, and suffered more 111P* than I can tell you." Mr. Friday put his hand to his hip with a sigh of relief. "I went almost mad with " the pain. I fainted con- tinually, and became as thin as a rake. Several ir doctors attended me, but for twenty months I could do no work.

'oder

"My nerves at last were completely shattered. I was so exhausted that I could not move a limb. Utter collapse followed, and I couldn't eat. I went to stay with my niece near Hereford. She had been suffering from gastric ulcer, and was taking Dr. Williams. Pink Pills and finding in them a complete cure. She strongly advised me to take the pills, so I bought a box. " The Sciatica in my hip I followed the directions, was soinenthig fearful. 1 and look at me now," said was cured competely by Mr. Priday, very proudly, as Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.' he sprang to his feet. "Before two boxes of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills were finished I began to eat with a relish—a thing I hadn't done for years. I gained strength through the pills, and in a month I was back in Ebbw Vale. Soon I went down the mine again, and I have worked regularly since then! I have been delivered from the grave,thanks to Pr. Williams' Pink Pills.

"My illness was a ta,x upon my wife, and she became 'run down'; she wanted a tonic to save her from collapse. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills gave her the new blood and new strength she required. Now she is a different woman.

" My address is 18, Augusta-street, Victoria, Ebbw Vale," concluded Mr. Priday, who endorses what thou- sands have said in praise of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, not only for Sciatica and Rheumatism, but all disorders arising from a poor or vitiated state of the blood, such as anwmia, indigestion, eczema, and rickets. They supply strength also to the nerves, so curing, as well as preventing, neuralgia, St. Vitus' dance, locomotor ataxy, paralysis, and the ailments of women. Not a purgative, but a true tonic. Sold by all dealers, or, if preferred, direct from the manufacturers, Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Holborn-viaduct, London, post free for 2s. 9d. a box, or six for 13s. 9d. Avoid worthless sub- stitutes as you value your health.

"Merthyr Express" rept ,o , 1!,. .c 5 r. • . Is -, 1 - i r. h. 11_ ~, 4r 416, Itr • ( o''' ''.,(41 .;',-.. fll%. , • ~.11:: r' 4rit4: 41 If jti • , .if . -Ir" • '- • ••::' •'1 .. ~.-=" --4 ::,., 1 ' '• i .. • ~1 c ~„,01, • ' ..

===== 0002601_19041029_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19041029_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Ent " aranuntr 59ertes

r" WARRINGTON AND MID-CHRSHIRIC RWlTissit." published every Saturds— morning. T" Etatsarovnz AND NTRWTON EXAMINRR, published every Friday afternoon. I%f "ST. HELENS EXAMINER,' published every Friday afternoon. T" " RuNcoax EXAIIINER,". published every Friday afternoon. TRH " NIDNRS EXAMWER," published every Friday atternoon. PRHIPAID APkRTNIENTS WANTED APARTMENTs To LET ARTICLES LOST ARTICLES FOUND

A.DVF.BTISF,‘t EN T

HOUSES WANT ED HOUSES To BE SOLD MISCELLA.NEoUS W ANTS MISCELLANEOUS SALES

Dome,Stir gotrbants, etr.

WANTED good General SERVANT references required.— Mrs. JOHN HArrovr, butcher, Booth's Hill. Lymm.

wANTRD a good SHRVANT from 16 to IS years old.— Apply Mrs. GUEST, 167, Firs Lane, Leigh. Lancashire

IV ANTED, good GENERAL ; smll family; state age, "V wages, te--NoßTHcovr, Charlotte et., Cheadle,

Cbeshire,

TITANI ED, goo i GENERAL, two In family.—Apply VV SIDDALL, 32, r Marshall rd., Levenshulme Man- chester.

RS. FBRON, 11, DURHAM RD.. Seaforth. requl .011 Generals, Housemaids, Nurses at once. wail tufted. -

res Cooks No fees

_ ANTED. COOK-GICNRR kL, ablP to wash; also Hue- VY Waitress.—Apply Mrs. RICHARDSON, 13. Spring- -field at.. Warrington,

WANTED GIRL to learn household duties; another kept ; small family ; comfortable home —EDWARD., 38, Well-lane, Rock Verry.

WANT. COOKS, MANION/AIDS, GENBRAL 5 14R- VANTS ; one for pubIic.—TURNER'S REGISTRY. 123, Katherine at., Ashton-under-Lyne. _

WANTED COOK-GENERAL, or General, at once; 'good wages, comfortable home, very pleasant house.—Nrs ROUSE, Kilmornit, Halifax.

WANTED, immediately GENERAL SERVANT; plain cooking ; state wages ; references. —GRIFFITHe, Bush Hotel, Dowlais. S. Waits.

'VTANTD COOK and HOUSHMAID from 25 to 35 years for one Lady no washing good wages. —A. CRAnwick 52, Harris-street, Rochdale, Lancashire.

AITANTECD, HOUSEM &ID-WAITRESS for small family. excellent referenees required. English, French or German taken.-22, Ksowslxv RD., Southport.

GOOD COOK, experienced Housemaid, Parlourmaid, Cudernurse, Underhousemaid, Kitcheumald, Pantry BOy, to recommenst—HoWELL, Quadrant, Oswestry.

_ A LL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country o lii. town,pubilb and private.—Call or write Miss HARRISON' only office). 6,oldbam Street, Manchester. Established 1862

• WANTED. GENERAL SERVANT at the Abram Sana- torium ; must have good references. and be over 21 years of age.—Apply to the CE&RGE-NuRsE, Park lane Abram. near Wigan.

COOKS WANTED £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitress xlB to £22, Generals £lB to 220. Girls £l4, excellent places. No connection with any other office. —Write to HARRISON'S 6, Oldham street. Manchester.

WANTBD Situation as HOUSSICREPER (30). farm- house ; children no objection ; butter. cheese, poultry; nine years' experience ; good refetence.—C M.. Birkwooa Farm, Crofton, Wakefield.

WANTHD. LAUNDRESS, sober and indastriour, board and wages £lB yearly. Assistance given.—Apply stating ?ge and referenc, to SUPERINTENDENT. Farm Scbool, Newton-le-Willows, Lancashire.

A LL CLASSES OF SITUATIONS, private and publics ft good homes. excellent wages; places in town,country. and seaside.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street, Manchester.

(111ILDREN'S Kends cleared of Nits and Lice by Tonkin's V Triumph Pomade. Large box 6d- post free.--MARY S. ToNxiN, 24 Kent Avenue, Ashford. Kent.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
oz anttb.

Sli ORM AKhRS.—WANTHD, a Rood Stitchman. Apply 75, HIGH ST.. Newton-le-Willows.

UORRIGN STAMPS bought, loose or collections.—A. EDE 87, Shenley Road, Camberwell, S E.

L- - ADY would Adopt Child ; refined home; single premium. , 24, Heaton it.. Higher Broughton, Salford.

rilBA TRAM—WANTED Srnart JUNIOR (18 to 20).- 1 Apply QUEEN TEA co., 73 Bridge it.. Warrington.

AGENTS wanted to push good paving lines ; genuine particulars free.—S. ABOKNT. Yieweley, Middlesex.

AGENTS WANTED Immediately; 58. per week easily earned in spare time.—NurTALL,23,CtstleHlll.Sheffield.

WBBKLY, envelope addressing. ae. Particulars two stamps.—SPENCER, 25, Surbiton rd, Southend-on-Sea

Ik7 BSTLE'S MILK LABELS WANTED, 4d. per dozen II Riven. Cash by return.—J. HEYS, 14, Coleridge it.. Blackburn.

MILK DAIRIBS WANTS!), must be well-cooled; any quantity no object.—HicicsoN, Mary street, Balsall Heath. Birmingham. ,

NyANTBD, WORKMAN. r, mit be a goad Cutter of hay cottage on farm.—Apply to RICHARD RAINFORD Altcar, near Liverpool.

OATS AND OAT STRAW WANITR 0, for cash, on rail and Station.—Monno, Government Storage Contractor Farm Street, Birmingham.

BRITANNIA. PURR YEAAT.—Agents Wanted every" where where not represented.—MAßK FENTEM. Yeast Mel chant, Stalybridge.

j. WBBKLY.—Barn this by addressing envelopes, le, rroposal. addressed envelope.—flicHoLLs,lo,Yeather- stone Buildings, London. W.C.

T ADY would Adopt Child ; outfit and premium required.— 1J Boa No. :2026, c/o SHABRow & THATCHER, Holborn Place, High Holborn, W.C.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
NITANTED to adopt BABY from birth; good home premium required ; 8 trictest secrecy kept.— BARBER, Holmthorpe, Redhill, Surrey.

MIDDLB-AGBD MAN abstainer, WANTS PLACH as inside man, odd man or boots good references.—R,2l, Basil St.. Heaton Norris. Stockport.

aWd dere:BlN; d enearnedvelo el n f oSpare particularsTm e . 1 TO £2 —toSeAnd FIELDING, 236, Bamford rd., Heywood, Latmaabire.

A GENTS WANTED. for sale of British Widows Pension .L 1 Tea; exceptionally liberal terms; benefit in 26 weeks.— For particulars apply 26. CATHEDRAL ST., danchester.

OUTH, WANTBD about 16. or a good Milker to assist L master, small farm; good home and small salary ta commence.—WOOD, niggle House, near Dobcross, Oldham.

A GENTS WliNTED.—Send sid, for sample pair revolving /A. RUBBER HEELS and pair of up-to-date CUFF- HOLDBRE ; profits 100 per cent--EARRIBON. Windham St., Blackburn.

HARCOAL for BOWLING GREENS and Tennis Courts k —Agent Waneed ; liberal commission to energetic traveller.—Apply BROWN'S CHARCOAL WORKS, Paul it., Vauxhall rd., Liverpool.

- ADOPTION.—Married Couple (childless) desire to adopt 111 a child of good birth with premium ; good home and prospects ; highest references given.—Write E.M., 35, Elizabeth rd.. Upton Park. Essex.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
UACTORY INSPECTORSHIPS. CANDIDATES PRE- J.: PARED for these excellent Appointments by Postal Tuition ; age limits. 21-38. Stamped addressed envelope.— INSPECTOR. Falmouth House. Hoy lake. Cheshire.

OD. DOZEN given for SUNLIGHT LIFEBUOY VINOLIA; Zlld. Matahless, Perfection, Pink Carbolic; collectors lota bmght ; wire or write. Winner of £lOO from Watson's Competition.—WHlTE, Blackfriar's rd., Southsea.

RB-BNGAGBM 11 NT W.nted, by Nurse Attendant thoroughly efficient in paralytic, mental, and epileptic cases lady or gentleman public or private; highest testi- monials M. H-.2.ilanover Square, Higher Br'ghton. Man ter

pROPUBSIONAL Man desires co rresnondence with lady of private means. educated, mu sical, domesticated, and of undoubted respectabilitv.—Reply (with photo) to W., Box 2154. SHARRON,/ & THATCHER. Ho lborn Place, London, W.C.

FURNITURE, PIANOS, STOCKS, &C.. BOUGHT FuR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT. OR ADVANLIIS MADE. HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN, NO CHARGR FOR INSPECTION. HAItTLEY AND Ca. 12, MOSS-STREBT. LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Co be let.

25, CATHERINE STREET, 6 Rooms 4s. 3d. per week. PENKETI4.—GOOD HOUSES WITH GARDBNS, 3s. 94. per v .+ek, also Cottages 3s. 64. and 2s. 64. per week. IVY LODi I.FROGHALL LANB.rent £45 a year on lease WELLFIk r) STREET, corner of Mill Lane, good house rent 6e. HORSEMARKET STREET, near Market Gate, double fronted Shop. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War. rington. Telephone—No 55.

To LT 17, FOLLY L&NS,—Apply WOODS & Sow Solicitors, Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

COTTAGB (furnished or unfurnished) TO LBT.—Beautiful situation near sea and tram. All conveniences.-7, NtrrrEß RD.. Clevelays. Blackpool.

FIHRADLII HA LL—Tble Commodious Residence contain- ing four entertaining rooms (one 60ft. by 30ft.), twelve bedrooms; six acres of well laid-out grounds; rent, £l5O per nnum.—ISAAC NIEL]) it SoN, 19, Chapel Walks,ffanehestn

===== 0002601_19041029_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.1

===== 0002601_19041029_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Aritatllanous, on 'ate, ttr.

BAY.—ALDERBON BROTHERS, irect Importers. 25. Brasenose road. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
QBVERAL pairs of Gold Eyeglasses, different sights, 51. 6d. IJ not quarter cost.-6. CLIFTON ST.. Brighton.

DBLICIOUS Dessert Pears, Pd. lb. finest Dessert Apples' 2d. Ib.—WILLIAmsoN, Bassingbourn, Cambs.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
VIRGOL, cures Pits and Nervousness; post paid, a.s. 6d.— TERGOL, 5, Hawstead rd., Cattord, London.

THE MYSTERY OF BREATH.—Somethlng for everyone, 1 le. 7d.--BDIIOB "Talisman," Harroga te.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

cZANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers 1.3 well. "After one dressing I found 136 dead next morn Ing."—J. Brass, Helstborpe. Leighton. "I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Polson."—O. Coox, Farmer. Nllesmere. " I stroyed 145 rats with it."—O WILSON. Offorrl—Sendils 2d SANFORD a SON, Sandy, Bed.. Sold by Chemists

===== 0002601_19041029_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
Artisreliantotts, nAntits, rtr•

===== 0002601_19041029_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
gtotor Cays, epelts, tte.

GOOD sound BICYCLE for Sale. Reversible for Lady or Gent, £4.—A. HOUGHTON, 3, Bridge Street,Earlestown.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
it partinentg,jFurnottb flotiotl dr.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
rriWO nice Rooms, good locality, low rent, partly furnished. 1 143, DORCIMITER BD., Weymouth,.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Nlsl SALE. two Litters of PIGS 9 and 11 weeks old. '.l CH&RNOCK, Opposite Queen's Hotel Leyland, Nr Preston.

i 1 OLDFISH, Twelve (alive) sent any distance for is.— l 3 GAY'S ROYAL FISHERIES. Waterloo Bridge rd,London,S.ll

===== 0002601_19041029_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
tbultn), ego, dr.

giebtral.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'OUGHS,

===== 0002601_19041029_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
There is only too THE CRiSIS, much reason to

believe that the Russian Government is unwilling to make the only reparation that can be accepted for the acts of the flcating Bedlam which calls itself the Baltic Fleet. The 11. D3IIRAL, who is at Vigo, reports that his battleships have already been knocking themselves to pieces. Two of them, he says, are "damaged." Perhaps he will tell the world that the damage was inflicted by the Japanese torpedo boats he saw among the trawlers in the North Sea. No further proof, however, is needed to establish 'tis htate of mind, and the responsibility which rests upon his employers. They are said to be disposed to make an apology and a money payment, but not to discover the criminals, or punish the crime The feAling at St. Petersburg is expressed very succinctly by the correspondent of the "Daily Telegraph." "The Government," say the naval officials in that capital, "is absolutely certain that England will never go to war for a couple of fishermen, and, that being so, Russia will refuse to punish the officers, because by doing so she would brand-mark her Navy with enduring infamy, by implicitly stigmatising not one or two officers, but the whole officers' corps, as nervous, cruel, and cowardly." That stigma is inflicted already on the person or persons responsible for wilful murder on the high seas. The only way to prevent the stigma from extending to Russia hehelf is to punish the offenders. A Government which refuses to do that in the face of universal opinion outside

MEM

===== 0002601_19041029_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Oburatton.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
its own borders will stamp itself as uncivilised,and as an open foe to the comity of nations. We have ' been told that it is not fair to indict the Rubsian Government and the Russian nation for this 'infamous business. The Russian nation has no more to do with it than that nation had to do with the origin of the war with Japan. But the Russian Government—if it rAfuses to make just amends for what Lord ROSEBERY calls "this unspeakable outrage," for what Sir HENRY CAMPRELL-BANNER- mAN calls " this unparalleled and cruel outrage" and" this act of atrocity "—will stand convicted as the accomplice of its barbarous agents, and the blood, not of two poor inoffensive fishermen alone, but of two nations, will be on its head. We say that any Government with a just sense of its responsibility to neutrals would at once have re-called its ADMIRAL, and given a pledge to mete out to him the penalty he deserves. Reparation is needed, not "explanation." It is only too pro- bable that the brazen language of the Russian Press exactly represents what this officer is said to call his "conscience-" "The North Sea inci- dent," he is reported to have stated at Vigo, "was inevitable. He acted in accordance with his conscience, with the object of preventing the destruction of his squadron. Before leaving Libau he had made known his intention of attack- ing any ship which approached the Fleet. If this is also the " conscience " of the Russian Government, we see no alternative to the policy ,of prohibiting any further adventures on the part of the floating Bedlam. Without the permission of the British Navy ic cannot pursue its voyage to the Far East. Should that per- mission be refused, and should the conscientious Russian ADMIRAL persist, then he and his Baltic Fleet will probably be seen no izore. We pre- sume that, in such an event, the Black Sea Fleet would come out of the Black Sea and subside to the bottom of the Mediterranean. The maritime power of Russia would thed cease to exist, and a little reflection ought to show the CZAR and his advisers that they are not in a position just now to attack India. All these reflections, we hope will operate for the maintenance of peace between Russia and England.

[Since writing the above we have learned that an inquiry is to be held at Figo,where the Russian fleet will remain for 20 days. England's demands are likely to be acceeded to—at any rate nothing less will satisfy or appease the indignant British nation.—En. "Ex."]

That public interest in the municipal trading question has not waned was evidenced by the huge attendance at Parr Hall on Monday even- ing when the Non-Traders gathered together to roview the Inquiry reports. The people of War- rington have waited impatiently and eagerly for those reports, and since their publication in the "Examiner"on Saturday they have formed the chief topic of conversation at chance meetings and in all places "where men do congregate."ln our last issue we had no opportunity of dealing with the find- ings of the Commissioners or the principles in- volved, at all comprehensively, but the lapse of seven days has removed the difficulty. The two reports are,as we need hardly po'nt out,absolutely contradictory. This was to be expected, seeing that the Commission was composed of gentlemen interested either in proving or disproving certain allegations, and not competent to produce an im- partial or unanimous verdict. The futility of two reports is obvious now that they are issued. Public opinion still remains divided, but there is,we think a general trend of thought towards the point of view of the Non-Traders&

Our own opinion on the result of the inquiry is firm and unalterable. The evidence estabhshes strongly the contention that it is against the public interest for men who are members of the Council to trade with the Corporation through limited companies. We emphasize the verb "to trade" for this reason: that it would be impossible to charge a man with trading who held only £lOO worth of shares in a company with £lOO,OOO capital. No line can very well be drawn beyond which a man must not go in his proportion of share-holding before he can be called a trader through any particular z..ornpany, but if it is made clear that the Council and the ratepayers will not tolera.e trading which is sheltered only by the legal cloak of the limited liability Act there will be no necessity for any such line of demarcation. Tne report of the Non-Trading Commissioners proves conclusively that there has been trading of this description, and in exposing it both in its direct and indirect forms they have performed a valuable public service. We regret very much to note that the Corporation Commis- sioners by a" remarkable piece of sophistry "—to use their own words—argue that such trading is right. They appear to forget that public men should be above snspic:o. n. The cold, clear light of criticism is ever beating it the representa- tives of the ratepayers, and t is due to themselves as much as to those they represent,that they should always:be mindful of the example they Bet and of the solemn trust reposed in them.

The Town Council, at its meeting on Tuesday did not,fortunately, attempt to discuss the reports though several members showed an unmistakable disposition to do so. It was even suggested that a special night should be set apart for the purpose or that Parr Hall might be engaged for the Coun- cil representatives to have their fling, but nothing has come of these suggestions as yet. We there- fore hasten to ask why the Council should discuss the reports at all ? They would never come to agreement if they talked all night, and they would not enlighten the ratepayers either. The discus- sion of the reports is not a matter for the Town Council as a council, but for the townspeople only. All the Council is called upon to do is to accept the reports and cause them to be printed in the minutes. It would be rank bad policy for any members of the Council to take Parr Hall and attempt at this late hour to argue the pros and cons of municipal trading. The commissioners have done that effectively, and the verdict can be safely left with the public.

1 ' There were several angry scenes during the ' course of the meeting, and a stranger would prob- ably have concluded that the members were the least decorous body of municipal administrators he had ever mot with. Squabbles are the I order of the evening when our Town Council meets I and there seems, unfortunately, little hope of any improvement. The trade union wages and penalty clauses in Corporation contracts were the cause of , the most serious revolt against the usages of debate on Tuesday. Councillor Stott made a third attempt to get a penalty clause added to those he has already been instrumental in placing on the stand- ing orders, but he failed hopelessly. A month or two back it is probable that the proposition would have been accepted,for the Council then looked upon the suggestions from the Trades Council as harm- less and reasonable. But, in the meantime,as the working of the new orders has be 3ome better understood, opinion has undergone a considerable change, and we shall probably be not far from the mark when we predict the rescinding of the whole of the new standing orders relating to contracts at an early date. Their operation would be harmful in many respects, and they by no means answer to the wishes of the majority. Councillor Stott exposed his hand to some extent when he was led into alluding to the printing trade, which is the first to be affected by the new contract clauses. Like other trade unionists he is opposed to female labour and he made it obvi- ous that the employment of girls on the three local newspapers was one of the things he objected to. They, their fathers, or. their brothers, will hardly welcome his intervention. It is a childish notion to suppose that women are to be debarred from doing work for which they are better adapted

===== 0002601_19041029_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
than 'men, merely because they are women, an the trade unionists might as well run with their heads against the nearest wall as adopt this atti- tude in the twentieth century. We would like to put Councillor Stott right on one point in particu- lar. The employment of women does not "bring men on the streets." It increases employment. Were women not available for the class of work under notice,typesgtting machinery would be used to the exclusion largely of both sexes. For a pro- fessed labour man, Councillor Stott holds some peculiarly conservative and narrow views.

The thousands of tram-users it& Warrington will be delighted to learn that the Council has sanc- tioned the:purchase of four cover-tops for the cars. This is an instalment of what we hope will become a general scheme. There is nothing more annoying —among minor annoyances—than to be driven on the exposed top of a tram in bad weather with nothing to sit on but a dripping seat. Covered tops are a better solution of the difficulty than patent reversible seats. We know from experi- ence how convenient and popular two-deckers are in other towns. To the smoker they are an inestimable boon, and why should not he be con- sidered? He is nurnerons enough. Though it violated a principle to save time in the rnatter,the Tramways Committee is deserving of thanks for its anterprise and consideration. We shall be having contracts and half-penny stages and the millenium next !

The November elections will take place on Tuesday. Only a week ag® it was generally ex- pected that there would be contests in the majority of the Wards, but the belligerents have dwindled in number so much that only three wards will be put to the trouble of balloting for their representa- tives. Only one of the fights is on political lines, the other two being .due to the presence in the field of independent candidates. So far as any arrangement between the leaders of the two political parties is concerned the compact may be said to be dead, but there is still a good deal of quiet arranging going on between the Liberal and Conservative election officials. Probably something of the kind is unavoidable, but the less there is and the better. For our part we welcome the presence of independent candidates. They keep alive the electors' interest in the government of the town, and help to counteract that apathy which is largely responsible for the management of the town's affairs being so unsatisfactory.

The only political struggle is in Howley Ward, where Mr. S. Davies, the retiring Councillor, is being opposed by Mr. W. Clegg, a well-known Liberal tradesman. A keen fight seems certain, with slight odds on Mr. Clegg, who is a popular and capable candidate. In Bewsey Ward there is an intetesting contest proceeding between Coun- cillor Rogers and Mr. W. Skelland dne of the oldest and best respected residents in the district. Councillor Rogers has always been looked upon as:a strong candidate but seeing that he has left the neigbourhood, the chances are that Bewsey people will prefer the man on the spot in the person of Mr. Skelland. If only to give him an opportunity of obtaining redress for the grievance which the Ragged School has against the Water Committee we hope Bewsey electors will vote for Mr. Skelland. In Latchford Ward, Councillor Luke Ellison and Mr. W. Benson are opponents. Both live in the ward and both profess Liberal principles so that the voters will hav, some difficulty in making their choice. Mr. Benson is a non-trader alto) and this fact may have its infivence on the contest, seeing that the ward plumped so solidly for Councillor Pemberton on this question two years ago.

The accommodation difficulty was once more the theme of discussion at Monday evening's meeting of the Education Committee, and the feeling was freely expressed that there has been unnecessary dilatoriness in embarking upon the erection of new schools. Although the authority has been in existence eighteen months, some con- siderable time must elapse before the foundation of the first a iditional school is laid. Allowance must, of course, be made for the difficulty ex- perienced in obtaining sites at a reasonable figure, but there appears to be a great deal of justification for the contention that the work might have been pushed forward much more rapidly. Now, at any rate, there is a clearer p_os- pect of active measures being taken, for the Com- mittee has sanctioned the purchase of the site for the new" Bolton "schools at Latchford, The decision to invite all local architects to send in competitive designE is to be commended. We would again express the hope that in selecting the successful design the committee will not be disposed to spend money needlessly on elaborate ornamentation. The provision of adequate accom- modation throughout the borough is likely to be a heavy drain upon the public purse, and therefore utility and the health and comfort of the scholars should be the main considerations.

The public health should be a matter of thought- ful concern to every intelligent member of the community,aud it is regrettable that comparatively few townspeople availed themselves of the oppor- tunity of hearing Professor W. R. Smith's lecture at the Parr Hall on the causes and prevention of infectious diseases. Whether the disappointing attendance was due to indifference or over- confidence on so important a subject it would be difficult to say, but the fact remains that the Health Committee's effort in the interest of the populace deserved much more hearty appreciation and support. The lectuee was full of sound, homely hints and served to dispel some of the popular but erroneous ideas concerning the more familiar diseases. We would draw special attention to the stress which the lecturer laid upon the need for light and frAsh air in the homes of the people. This naturally leads one to the fringe of the wider question of housing refurm, for how can the dwellers in dismal, ill- lighted hovels be expected to possess the inestimable blessing of good health? The authorities will, we feel sure, have the support of the vast majority of townspeople in any efforts they put forth to secure better sanitation in congested areas. M.anwhile we would point out that it is due from the public to take more general advantage of the remainder of the course of lectures.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

MEETING OF THE PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE. The monthly meeting of the Stockton Heath Parochial Committee was held in the National schools on Thursday evening, when there were present—Messrs. Pilling (presiding), Whitley, Warburton, Bouchier, Williams, Hallows Mounfield, T. R. Westbrook, Mclntyre,H. J. Westbrook,Welsby and Pearson,together with Messrs. G. F. Ashton (clerk), Swinton (surveyor), and Farrington (inspector).

===== 0002601_19041029_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
WALTON SEWAGE SCHEME.

The Clerk laid before the meeting plans for the Jiro- posed sewage scheme for Walton Inferior. He explained. that at present the Walton Parish Council did not pro- pose to join the Stockton Heath sewer, but proposed to carry an additional sewer along Ellesmere-road to join the sewage syphon under the canal. The scheme, ex- plained the clerk, would cost £1619. Mr. H. J.Westbrook moved that the plan be approved provided that the rights of the Stockton Heath Parochial Committee, with regard to the first claim upon the Canal syphon were safeguarded. Mr. Pearson seconded and the proposal was carried. Mr. Hallows moved that it be a recommendation to the District Council that the Walton sewer be joined to Stockton Heath sewer, subject to a satisfactory, arrangement being arrived at. The construction of a second sewer would mean more manholes, and the resi- dents in Ellesmere-road were opposed to this on account of the nuisance which would be caused by smells from the manholes.

Mr. Mounield remarked that no nuisance would arise from the manholes, as the Walton Parish Council were intending to provide ventilating shafts. Mr. Hallows' proposal was carried. LIGHTING. _ _ _ _

Mr. Whitley laid before iiie Meeting some informa- tion he had obtained with regard to the cost of lighting the streets under the present system of extinguishing the lamps at midnight, as compared with the cost of allowing the lamps to remain lighted throughout the I night. f they adopted the last-named system it would mean an additional cost of 10s. per lamp, or-q sum in total equal to one penny in the £ on the rates. The matter was left in the hands of the Lighting Committee.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
STREET PINING.

On the motion of--kit—V;ra-ri;Urto-- n- it was decided to apply to the Runcorn Rural District Council foxii_powers to proceed with the paving of Mitchell-street, Farrell- street, and Carleton-street.

,0 answer any enquiries

P

===== 0002601_19041029_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events.

The members of the Warrington Dramatic Society will, next week but one, give four performances of the farcical comedy "Facing the Music," preceded each evening by the one act play "Under the old name." The cast will include the ladies and gentl.e- men who have taken part with marked success la recent productions by the Society, and judging by past efforts, the performances should be in every way successful.

A concert will be held in the Parr Hall, next Satur- day evening, in aid of the fund for the erection of a, memorial to the men of the South Lancashire Reigi" ment who lost their lives during the Boer War. An excellent programme has been atrange4 to which contributions will be made by Miss Arline Harrison (soprano), Miss Mary Collin (contralto), Mr. J. Ra,bbitt (tenor), Mr. E. Pownall (bass), Miss Kate Beesley (elocutionist), the Apollo Quartette, and Mr, J. go Dermott and Mr. A. B. Millard (humorists). The band of the 8-40th Regimental District will be in attendance Further particulars will be found in our advertising' columns, _ _ _

A concert in aid of the Holy Trinity Girls' Friencll9 Society Sick Fund, will be held in the Trinity Schools on Wednesday evening, and the deserving nature of the object of the concert should in itself be sufficiert„t to ensure a large attendance. The programme be presented by Mrs. Ralph Johnson, Miss Mabel Henshall, Miss Daunt, Miss Ethel Roberts, Miss Ethel Whittle, Mrs. W. B. Roberts, and Mr. Victor Roberts The third annual Warrington Eisteddfod will 10 held in the Parr Hall on January 2nd, 1905, particu• lars of which will be found in our advertising, columns.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Index to Inside Pages.

PAGE. 2. Town Council. Education Committee. "A Painter's Dream." Penketh News. 3. Women's Chat and Fashions. Covered Trams for Warrington. Events of the Week (Illustrated). Death of Mr. E. Pickavance. Ship Canal Company Sued. 6. Angry Council Scene—The Fair Wage Questiou Lecture on" Infectious Diseases." Police News. Robberies at Warrington. 7. Football. Motor Notes. Cairo-street Debating Society. Billiards. GREAT SALE OP BOOTS AND SHOES nOW on UNDER THE CLOCK.—Advt. Wirral and Birkenhead Agricultural Society. At a meeting held yesterday at the Society's office, the Council unanimously resolved that next year s Show be held on Thursday, Friday and Saturday, the 15th, 16th and 17th of June. Smallpox at Dutton and Little Leigh. Two cases of smallpox have broken out in Dutton, and the patients have been removed to the Isolation Hospital at Moore. It is also reported that two case of smallpox have been discovered at Little Leigh, and the patients are under treatment at the Marbury Isolation Hospital. The disease is supposed to have been imported from Dutton. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERA. WATERS.—Advt. Pheasant in a Sale Room. A pheasant was found on Monday afternoon in Messrs. T. Sutton and Son's saleroom, LeL,h-street. It was at first imagined that the bird had escaped from the aviary in the Town Hall Gardens, but this proved to be incorrect. It is supposed the pheasant had escaped from the shooting on some local estate and gone to rest in the sale room. FOR CLASS AND CHINA of every description try .1. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street. Warrinaton.—Advt. Social Service League. The second debate in connection with this league was held last evening, the Rev. H. Dunnico presiding. Mr.E. Wynne Jones opened an interesting discussion on; "Our attitude towards temperance reform"and several phases of the question, such as loc.il option and municipalisation, were dealt with. The debate wag taken part in by Messrs. Nathan Cook,Trow,Jefferson) H.Plumpton,E. England, Wadelin and others. John Locke. "The life and work of John Locke," the great philosopher, formed the subject of an interesting lecture delivered by Principal Gordon, Manchester, at a meeting of the Warrington Society held at the Old Academy, last night. There was only a small attend- ance at the meeting which was presided over by the Rev. 11. A. Lester, Principal Gordon dealt with Locke's advocacy, over two centurieg ago, of a broader educational system such as existed at the present time, and also with, his religious tolerance.—Mr.May in proposing a vote 01 thanks to the lecturer spoke of the debt which 0-7 owed to Locke for his inauguration of a system 0l currency which gave such an imputus to trade."."; Alderman Bennett, in seconding, remarked that 0- Lock's religious views were followed out at the present time the unnecessary disputes which were disgrace to religion would disappear. The vote wns ' heartily accorded and a similar compliment having been paid to the chairman the meeting ended. Warrington Esperanto Society.

As a practical result of the propagandist letters written by Mr. H. P. Hughes, and published in the Warrington papers of 23rd April and Ist. October, 3 preliminary meeting of those interested in the Ile° international language was held on Tuesday evening; at Cairo-street Schools. Mr. W. H. Woodcock through whose courteous assistance the room lvel obtained, and the meeting convened—was appei.et' Chairman, and was, at a later period of the proceeding' unanimously elected first President of the SocietY* The proceedings opened with an address by tile Chairman, in which he evinced considerable knowledge of the broad lines upon which Esperanto is built UP' and poinjed out that in no sense was it intended te replace fbreign languages, but to act entirely as alfi auxiliary to them, thus providing a ready means communication when visiting foreign countries, se" being valuable for commercial and personal corres: pondence. Mr. H. P. Hughes followed, and spoke r some length upon the origin and development of tee new language, and gave verbal examples illustrative of its simple yet perfect structure. A. suggestion los discussed, as to calling the society," The Warringt° and District Esperanto Society, but the Chairel° spoke strongly in favour of shortening the name ,te "The Warrington Esperanto Society," and tills more compact title' was adopted. Several inter- esting points were raised by inemberel and were replied to by the Chairman e'r Mr. Hughes, as bearing upon methoa? of studying the new language. At' the conclusion 0,1 his observations, Mr. Hughes proposed the names o.` two ladies and two gentlemen to join, with the Preel- dent and Secretary, in- forming an Executiv!,' Committee. This was approved by the meeting, au" the officers unanimously elected were :—President• Mr. W. H. Woodcock; committee, Mrs. C. Jackson- Holmes, Miss Hautz, Mr. J. W. McAvoy, Mr. H. Hughes; Secretary, Mr. Stanley G. Throssell. Committee is endeavouring to arrange for a room, some convenient centre, for the weekly meetings,! which are fixed for Tuesday evenings. The SecretarC address is " Hollybank," Latchford, and he please,-

===== 0002601_19041029_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
"Lancastrians in London." The President of this Association for 1904-5 is the Earl of Lathom in succession to Lord Stanley during whose terra of Office the interest and role of members have continually increased. It is fifteen years since this Society was inaugurated, under the distinguished support of the late Earl of Lathom, the first President, the late Mr. Sam Pope, Q.C., and Mr. John Hopkin- son. The fixtures during the winter are numerous and commence with a smoking "At Home" on October 26th, under the chairmanship of Sir W. E. M. Tomlinson, Bart., M.P., and a Cinderella dance at the Hotel Cecil, November sth. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING Off TONICS. I 63. SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. A Dear Dog Bite. At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour, Judge Bowen Rowlands, K.C., Harry Herbert Raley, Penketh, sought through his father to recover from John Rotherham, Penketh, damages for injuries caused by being bitten by the defendant's dog.—Mr. Browne appeared for the plaintiff, the defendant appearing in person. The facts briefly stated were that on 20th May of this year the plaintiff was passing the defendant's house in -the rear when the defendant's dog rushed out and bit him on the right leg. Plaintiff had to be medically attended for a month. Defendant had been previously warned to keep the dog fastened up as it had bitten other people. His Honour gave judgment for the Paintiff for 255. with costs. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-63, SANKEY STREET, Warrington.—Advt. Claim against an Earlestown Accountant. At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, be- fore his Honour Judge Bowen Rowlands, K.C.,Messrs, Shawcross and Orr, plumbers, Ashton-in-Makerfield, brought an action against George F. Clarke, account- ant, Earlestown, to reecerer £lB, the balance of an account for work done.—Defendant paid £ll 7s. into court.—Mr. Kelly, for the plaintiffs, explained thai his clients entered into a contract with the defendant to do the plumbing work in a house for £3B. The plaintiffs in ignorance neglected to do a portion of the work which the defendant had had done, and the cost of which he had deducted from the plaintiffs account. Mr. Kelly admitted that the defendant had a right to adopt the plan bat contended that the amount deducted was excessive.—For the defence witnesses were called to show that too much had not been charged for the work which had been done.—His honour gave judgment for the plaintiffs for the amount paid into court, with c)sts ' for the defendant. Liberal Club Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the members of the Warring- ton Liberal Club, was held on Thursday evening, at the Liberal Club. In the absence of Mr. A. H. Cros- field, Councillor Tinnion presided, and there were also present Messrs. W. Bibby, E. V. Walker, J. T. Locker, W. Ford, G. Wallington, T. Critchley, Warburton, J. G. Chappel, P. Lat-Oey, and T: Pemberton (hon. secretary). The s3cr Itary presented the annual report and statement of accounts which were adopted. The following officers were elected : President, Mr. A. H. Crosfield ; vhs.oresidents, Alder manTierpoint, and Councillors Wilkinson and Tinnion- hon. secretary, Mr. T. Pemberton; auditors, Mr. W; Ford, and Mr. R. Wood; committee, Messrs. S. J. Beaman, J. G. Chappel, J. Davies, G. H. Shaw, J. Worrall, E. Wilson, J. Russel, A. H. Sanders, W. Patrick and W. H. Pickap.--& vote of thanks to Councillor Tinnion for • presiding concluded the meeting. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASb MINERAL WATERS.—Advt. Presentation to Mr. E. Lloyd Jones. The superintendents and staff of the Warrington District of the Refuge Life Assurance Company held a social gathering at the Winmarleigh Café last night at which the opportunity was taken of making a presentation to Mr. E. Lloyd Jones, the travelling superintendent of the district. Mr. Jones has recently completed his 21st year of service with the Refuge Assurance Company, and his colleagues thought the occasion a fitting one to show their respect for him. A ready response was made to the appeal for sub- scriptions and last night Mr. Jones was made the recipient of a handsome gold watch, suitably inscribed together with an illuminated address. Mr. P. Nelson (Wigan) made the presentation, a number of the gentlemen present endorsing his remarks as to the respect in which Mr. Jones was held. Mr. Jones fittingly replied, expressing the hope that the good feeling which had existed between them would continue. During the evening musical items were given by Messrs. T. G-. Reeves (Warrington), T. Roberts (Whitchurch), T. J. Chivers (Altrincham) and J. H. Maunders (Wigan), Mr. J. A. J. Morton (district officer) was in the chair. GREAT SALE OF BOOTS AND SHOES 110 W on UNDER THE CLOCK.—Advt. Warrington Crimean Veteran's Death. Another of the veterans who in their early days took part in the Crimean campaign, passed away on Thursday, in the person of Sergeant W. Bodle, who lived in Wilderspool-road. Mr. Bodle who was in his 75th year, aid who had been ailing for some time, joined the Royal Artillery in 1848, obtaining his dis- charge in 1870. While connected with the array he served throughout the whole of the campaign in the Crimea, being in the whole or the big engagements including Alma and Sebastopol, and witnessing the memorable charge of the Light Brigade. During the whole of the time he was in the Crimea he was never on the sick or injured list. Returning home he was the first man to be employed by the-late Mr. Thomas Fletcher, the founder of the firm of Messr.i. Fletcher Russell and Company, and during the remainder of his life he was actively connected with the film. Mr. Bodle -was extremely well known locally, and in addi- tion to his wife and family, leaves a large circle of friends to mourn his loss Christian Endeavour Convention. The tenth autumnal Convention of the Warrington and District Christian Endeavour Union Was held on Saturday, in the Primitive Methodist Chapel at Lymm. The pretty locality evidently proved an attraction as more sat down to tea than at any previous Convention, endeavourers coming from near and far. The, after- noon conference was preceded by a devotional meet- ing which was conducted by the Rev. S. R. Woodall, pastor of the Chapel. Mr,gk-Pitchford of Chester presided over the conference and delivered an address on "The new era of Hope." Papers were read by Miss Sherrington of Newton-le-Willows on "The defects of Christian Endeavour Societies and how to remedy," by Mr. J. Hampson, of Warrington, on "The Zndeavour and :the modern use of Sunday," and by Mr. C. Rawlings of Earlestown on "The increase campaign." The discussion which followed was so well sustained that the shades of evening 'were falling before the party proceeded to tea.At the close of tea an open-air meeting was held at the foot of the historical cross of Lymm. The chapel was well-filled at the public-meeting in the evening. The president of the Union . Rev. J. S. Hughes presided and delivered an address on "The coming revival." Addresses were also delivered by Rev. F. Vaughan, Warrington, and by Mr. H. Brimelow of Boltbn. A brief Consecration service brought to a close what was termed by many "the best Convention ever held by. the -Union.' Mention must be made of the beautiful singing of Miss Leigh-Warbutton and Mr. Brazendale, whose solos and duets added much to the pleasure and. profit of the meetings.

BA.SSDTETTES AND " 31AIL CARTS in latest art hades. —J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

Church Society Conversazione. The annual conversazione in connection with the Warrington Church Society attracted a large gather- ing to the Kendrick-street schools on Wednesday evening. The Rev. Morley Stevenson, president of the Society, occupied the chair, and at the outset ex- plained the great need which there was for the exis- tence of the Society, in order to correct many wrong ideas which people entertained with regard to the Church of England. He spoke of the retirement of the Rector from the presidency of the Society, after having held that office for 12 years, and expressed the hope that he would soon see his way to again accept office. ("Hear, hear.)—Mr. Torr, Lincoln addressed the meeting on the subject of "Our oppor- tunity? The Ch-arch of England had he said, the opportunity of occupying a position which neither the Roman Church or the Free Churches had occupied or had the opportunity to occupy. That was because the Church of England was the most comprehensive church in the world. If she wa to realize that position which she ought to occupy, they would, however, have to recognize that it was not Christianity or Catholicity to narrow down the Church and exclude those who did not see eye to eye with them. (Applause). Mr. Torr was heartily thanked for his address, on the motion of Mr. Gibson, seconded by the Rector. During the evening refreshments were handed round, and songs were given by Mrs. C. Lesters and Mr. Potts. Miss M. Fairdough acted as acconipanist.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
" The Gondoliers." The concluding performance of "The Gondoliers" on Saturday night was equally as successful as any of the four preceding ones, and was witnessed by a crowded audience. From beginning to end the pro- ceedings went with a delightful swing and encores were frequent. When the curtain fell at the close the audience rose and cheered heartily, calling the princi- pals, Mr. Thornley Dodge, dramatic instructor and Mr. F. H. Crossley musical director,before the curtain. Behind the scenes those who had taken part in the production, joining hands sang "Auld Lang Syne." • GREAT SALE OF BOOTS AND SHOES now on UNDER THE CLOCK.—Advt. The Future of the Grammar School. The future position of the Warrington Grammar School was discussed at a round-table conference between the School Management Committee of the Education Committee and the Governors of the Grammar School which was held at the Town Hall, on Monday afternoon, to consider the question of including the Grammar School in the educational system of the borough. A long discussion ensued, and eventually the Governors asked the Education Committee to submit detailed proposals for their con- sideration. A sub-committee, consisting of four governors and four members of the Education Com- mittee, was appointed to take the matter in hand. FIRE GRATES of every description.—J. S. GAR LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street,Warrinseinn—Advt. The Musical Society. _

The prospectus which has just been issued gives particulars of the three subscription concerts arranged by the committee for the forthcoming season. Every effort has been put forth to make the programmes at tractive, and we hope the efforts of the society will re-- ceive the full measure of public support which they certainly merit. The first concert will be given on Tuesday, November 15th, when A. Goring Thomas's cantata " The Swan and the Skylark" and miscellaneous items will be rendered. The soloists will be :—Soprano, Miss Lydia Nervil ; contralto, Miss Mabel Henshall ; tenor, Mr. James Davis; bass, Mr. James Coleman. On Tuesday, December 20th,Handel's grand aratorio"The Messiah" will once more be submitted, and for the final concert on Tuesday, February 28th, the pro gramme will be of a miscellaneous character. It is intended to make the latter concert chiefly orchestral and the orchestra will be specially augmented for the occasion. Full particulars of the opening concert are published in our advertising columns. Throughout tne season the society will again have the assistance of Mr. Frank H. Crossley as conductor, Mr. W. H. Payton' Mus. Bac., as organist and accompanist, and Mr. R. H. Pearson as leader of the orchestra. There will be the usual chorus and orchestra of over 200 performers. GREAT SALE OF EIDDT3 'AND SH)E3 npw UNDER THE CLOCK.—AdVt.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RUSSIAN OUTRAGE.:

_ _...1

'i!ul

Tension Relieved—Baltic Fleet to Remain at vigo.

The British and Rqssian Governments have signi- fied their willingness to refer the points in dispute to a court of inquiry. Aleantime the Russian war- ships are to remain at Vigo.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Bold-street Wesleyan Church.;

The preachers to-morrowat this place of worship *ill be, in the morning the Rev. J. Manning, ani in the evening Mr. A. Perkins.

People's Services.

,°1

The Sunday evening services in the Parr Hall, con- ducted by the Rev. H. Dunnico, will be discontinued for to-morrow, to re-commence the following Sunday. To-morrow the Rev. H. Dunnico will conduct the petple's service in the evening in the Baptist Church, Golborne-street.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
Cairo-Street Chapel.

The preacher at the above Chaperon Sunday, morning and evening, was the Rev. L. Jenkins Jones, J.P.,L.C.C. Mayor of Woolwich, whose discourses were listened to with'great interest.On Mondayievening,in the schoolroom the rev, gentleman delivered a lecture on"A Unitarian's view of God and my neighbour," dealing at length with Mr. Robert Blatchford's book "God and my neighbour." The chair was taken by Mr. F. Monks, who, as well as the Lecturer, was heartily thanked for his services.

Sharp-street Primitive Methodist Mission.

The anniversary services in connection with the above Mission were held on Sunday, when the preacher, morn- ing and evening was the Rev. C. L. Stowe, the newly- appointed minister. In the evening the rev, gentleman based his discourse on the words "One sinner." On Monday evening a tea and entertainment were held, at which •Mr. J. Elwell presided and songs were rendered by the Misses, Shaw and Carrick, and a recitation was given by Mr. Grady. The Rev. C. L. Stowe also gave an address.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
SL Clement's Mission.

The Rev. A. S. Cameron preaching at. St. Clement's Mission on Sunday evening, took for his subject the series of letters which are appearing in a London news- paper on the question of" Do. we believe ?" After re- viewing the letters, the rev, gentleman spoke of the large amount of literature which was being published condemning the teaching of the Bible. In conclusion, he said that it was not only necessary to believe, but it was the duty of all Christians Ito prove by their examples and lives that belief in Christ made good and honourable citizens.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church.

The anniversary services to be held at this church to- morrow and Mondav are of unusual interest. The Rev. Dr. Beet, an old Warrington Wesleyan minister who has risen to great eminence in the world of religious thought, will conduct the services throughout Sunday, and on Monday at 7.30 will lecture on 'The Old Testa- ment and Modern Thought," a subject which is com- manding very earnest attention at the present day. On Sunday afternoon at 2.30 Dr. Beet will hold a Con- ference at which he will answer questions on diffi- culties of belief. Dr. Beet wishes that the questions shall be sent up to him in writing, but will allow other questions if there is time sufficient for such a method of questioning. Dr. Beet is not only a deep thinker, but also an acute reasoner and an exceedingly clear speaker. Services of special attractiveness are there- fore confidently expected.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P,S.A. Society.

There was a very good attendance at the meeting on Sunday. The secretary (Mr. B. Farrar) presided and urged every member to make up his mind to bring one new member during the year. He also welcomed five new members, making a total of 545. Mr. Bell of Manchester, spoke upon "Duty" and gave some very good illustrations of the many phases of doing one's duty. He asked the young men present to attend well to their duty of keeping the doors shut to all evil ways, evil communications, and evil companions, and at all times, to honour their parents. Rev. John Yonge led the meeting in prayer. Mr. John Willett jun., sang "The Beautiful City," /(the brethren joining in the chorus), and "The Man of Sorrows." Mr. W. H. Payton presided at the organ. An open meeting of the above society will be held to-morrow, and will be presided over by Mr. E. W. Bindloss. An address will be given by Mr. J. R. Wolstencroft (Swinton). Messrs. Crosfield's prize band will accompany the hymns and will give special selections, including the test pisee in the recent con- test won by them at the Crystal Palace.

Epochs in the History of the English Bible.

The Rev. J .F. Matthews lectured on this subject the Latchford Baptist Church on Thursday evening. His remarks were devoted mainly to the work of William Tyndale, who, both as a controversialist, scholar, preacher, and translater, took a foremost place among our prominent reformers. In reply to a contro- versialist, who had asserted that "we had better be without God's law than the Pope's," he replied, "I defy the Pope and all his laws ; and if God spare me I will one day make the boy who drives the plough inEng- land to know more of Scripture than'thePope'does."The lecturer dealt with the great work which Tyndale under- took, in spite of Roman persecution, of translating and printing the New Testament. Through the treachery of Henry TPhillips, an English clergyman Tyndale was apprehended, and confined to the Castle of Vilvorde, near Antwerp, whence in 1536 he was taken to the stake. He was strangled and then burnt. His last prayer was "Lord open the King of England's eyes." By the kind permission of Mr. Madeley, chief librarian, the lecturer exhibited a copy of Wycliffe's New Testa- ment, printed in 1810, and also a copy of the Breeches Bible dated 1615, loaned.by a friend.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN LIFEBOAT DEMONSTRATION.

I On Saturday the first demonstration in aid of th National Lifeboat Institution took place. A splendid I spectacle was afforded. There were numerous brass • bands and tableaux provided by various trade societies and others. A feature was a lifeboat manned by the New Brighton crew. After the procession the lifeboat I was launched at, the Big Pool by Mrs. •Evans,. and an exhibition of rocket life-saving apparatus took place.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 29, 1904.

THE MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.

THREE CONTESTS.

Tuesday next will witness the annual municipal elections, but in Warrington there will be only three contests. List week-end it was freely rumoured that Mr. Henry Roberts intended to seek the suffrages of the electors, and in order that the feeling on the non- trading question might he tested the supporters of Mr. James Dodds nominated him for nl fewer than seven wards. Mr. Rlberts, however, was not nominated and Mr. Dodds withdrew his candidature in every ward. The result is that only the electors of Bewsey, Howley and Latchford Wards will have an opportunity of recording their votes. Below is the complete list of candidates:— Town Hall Ward Councillor Forshaw (C.) Whitecross Ward Councillor Brough (L.) Bewsey Ward Councillor Rogers (Ind.) Mr. James Skelland (Ind.) Orford Ward Councillor Wilkinson (L.) St. John's Ward Mr. J. Fulton Smith (C.) Fairfield Ward ' Councillor Duncan (L.) Howley Ward Councillor Davies (C.) Mr. W. Clog?. (L.) St. Austin's Ward Councillor Burton (L.) Latchford Ward Mr. W. Benson (N.T.)

It will be seen that Councillor H. Thornton decided not to seek re-election for Sr,. .Tohn's W trd and Mr. J. Fulton Smith, the Conservative candidate, is returned unopposed.An interesting contest is in progress in Bewsey Ward where Mr. James Skelland. the respected founder and superintendentlof the Ragged School,has entered the lists against Councillor William Rogers, the retiring representative. Both candidates describe them- selves as "Independents." and in his address, which will be found in another column, Mr. Skelland says he is actuated solely by a desire for the welfare of the town and its inhabitants more especially those of the poorer class. "I have noticed with concern" he says "the prolonged bad trade and the resultant distress which becomes more petite each winter. I would therefore support any wise and practical measures which might be brought for- ward to aid the unemployed. lam of opinion that it is the duty of each community to study the welfare of its poor children, believing that care for the body and ' good influences on the mind of the young are powerful factors for good on the men and women of the future." Mr. Skelland alludes to his deep interest in the i Ragged school and points out that through its agency thousands of children have been fed and clothed and re- ceived good Christian influences, and many have been rescued from despair and crime and are to-day respect- able law-abiding citizens. He expresses himself in favour of free breakfasts for school children (baring ' periods of local distress,and states that scores of children ' in Warrington often went to school last winter without breakfast. He also advocates free baths for children as being a sanitary hecessity and declares himself a strong supporter of the fair wage clause in Corporation con- tracts anything that would tend to the better housing of the working classes; half-penny stages on the trams andia reduction in the price of gas" I would oppose" he adds "all extravagant and unnecessary expenditure such as has been going on for some years, and which has brought our rates rapidly to the present alarming figure, to the detriment of local industries and to the employment of our workmen." In Howley Ward the retiring representative, Coun- cillor S. Davies, is being opposed by Mr. W. Clegg who had been actively conducting his candidature during the past few days. 'He is the nominee of the Liberal Ward Committee and in his address says he is fully convinced that the time has arrived when a new bridge should be erected to connect the Howley and Latchford Wards. He is in favour of the abolition of gas meter rents and the utilizing of a large proportion of the gas profits in reducing the price to consumers. He promises to sup- port the fair wage clause in Corporation contracts and is convinced that" a judicious publicity of all Corpora- tion trading transactions would be a safeguard against all questionable dealings." Thelonly Non-Trading candidate is Mr. William Benson who comes forward in Latchford Ward in opposition to Councillor Luke Ellison who is again standing at the request of the Liberal Ward Committee. Mr. Benson while stating that he would do his utmost to prevent all useless expense, says he will be prepared to favourably consider any really necessary improvement. He thinks no one should benefit from membership of a public body; also that there should be impartial treatment of all tenders for public work. He is in sympathy with a strict observance of the fair wage clause. POLLING STATIONS AND OFFICIALS.

The following is a list of the polling stations and officials, together with the number of persons entitled to vote : BEWSEY WA.RD.—Polling booth No. 1. 93, Hoyle- street ; presiding officer, Mr. Joseph .R. Williams; poll clerk, Mr. E. Lockett; number of voters allotted to the station, 481. BEWSEY WARD.—Polling booth No. 2, St. Ann's School, Dannett-street; presiding officer, Mr. Roger Pierpoint; poll clerk, Mr. S. Wright; number of voters 321. HOWLEY WARD.—Two pallinz booths at the National School, Church street. Presiding officers, Mr. F. Timperlek and Mr. T. H. Spinks ; poll clerks, Mr. W. Longdin and Mr. Arthur Wood; number of voters, 1139. LATCHFORD Wm:tn.—Two polling booths at St. James's school, Old Road; presiding offi.cers,Mr. Arthur B. Fox and Mr. E. Eagland ; polling clerks, Mr. W. Sumner and Mr. G. Rice; number of voters, 1,131. LATCHFORD WA.RD.—A third polling booth at Christ Church school, Wash Lane ; presiding officer, Mr. F. H. Wilson polling clerk, \tr. C. J. Newton; nambor of voters allotted to the station, 119.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HOWLEY WARD CONTEST.

Meeting in Support of Mr. Clegg's Candid3tura

Last eve ling a meeting in furtherance of NIL-. W. Clegg's candidature in Howley W trd was held in the National Schools, Church-street, Mr. W. H. Sherburn presiding over a good attendance. The CHAIRMA.N pointed out that municipal elections were really of more importance to the working classes than Parliamentary contests, as they affected the homes of the people. It was therefore essential that. they should have good representatives In the Council. Mr. Clegg would, he was sure, be a useful member of the Council, and as a resident in the ward he would be able to serve their interest with crelit. (Applause).

Mr. C. JA.OKSON HOLMES said Mr. dlegg was a very energetic man and the fact that he was a successful business man should be arecommen dation.

------- _ _ Mr. CLEGG devoted the major part of his speech to a criticism of his opponent's address. He fully agreed with Councilor Davies as to the desirability of keeping down the rates but he would point out that during Councillor Davies' period of service in the council the rates had increased. If Councillor Davies was such an ardent advocate af economy why did he recently vote for an increase of salary of £lOO to one of the Corpora- tion officials. He also supported the expenditure of £8,600 on building operations at the Houghton Green waterworks. Councillor Davies in his address said that as a member of the Gas Committee he would have special opportunities to bring about a reduction in the price of gas, but he had not fully availed himself of those opportunities in the past, as there had been very few reductions during his period of office. Mr. Davies, he contended, had done very little to push on improvements in the ward. Some of the streets were badly lighted, whilst the road leading to H.arboard- street was positively dangerous after dark. Mr. Clegg assured the meeting that if returned to the Council he would advocate the erection of a new bridge to connect the Howley and Latchford Wards. Such a bridge would be a convenience to the residents, and its erection would provide work for the unemployed. Gas profits, he considered, would be better used in reducing the price to the consumer than in relieving the rates. If elected he would do all he could for the efficient light- ing and sanitation of the ward. Mr. JOSEPH HOWES delivered an interesting address on municipal government, referring more particularly tolthe necessity for housing reform. A vote of confidence in 'the candidate was accorded on the proposition of Mr. VOSE.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN HALL WARD BYE-ELECTION.

The election to fill the casual vacancy in Town Hall Ward caused by the retirement of Councillor Dodds will take place on Tuesday week. Nominations must be received not later than Monday next at five o'clock. At a meeting of the Conservative Ward Committee held on Thursday under the presidency of Councillor Forshaw, it was unanimously decided to invite Mr. A. J. Jolley to contest the ward. Mr. Jolley was present and having thanked the meeting for the invitation con- sented to stand. He intimated that his views on the Non-Trading question had not undergone any change since his defeat in Fairfield Ward two years ago. We hear also that Mr. George Clay and Councillor Thornton may be nominated for the same seat.

The POstmaster-General, replying to communications as to annoyance caused to the public by surcharges on postcards exceeding the prescribed limit of .size, 51 inches in length and 31 inches in width, has given in- structions that for six months postcards which exceed the prescribed dimensions by not more than 1-16 of an inch, and are otherwise in conformity with the regula- tions, shall be allowed to pass without challenge. On the arrival of a Midland train at Wigston Leicestershire, a ticket collector found a passenger without a ticket. When taken to the stationmaster's office it was found that the passenger was a woman in man's clothes, and she pulled off a light brown moustache which she was wearing. She explained that her own clothes had become worn out, and consequently she adopted male clothes. She gave the name of Mary Collett, but the authorities believe this is not her real name.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COUNCIL AND THE INQUIRY.

OFFICIALS AGGRIEVED AT THE NON-TRADERS' FINDINGS. --- Coun3el's Opinion to be Obtained.

The officials of the Corporation feel much aggrieved at the allegations of ignorance on their part contained in the Non-Trading Commissioners' report, and the matter was under consideration at the meeting of the Town Council on Tuesday evening. The DlAyoa informed the Council that he had received the reports of the Commissioners appointed to conduct the investigations. They were very. voluminous and required a great deal of what he would call "serious reading." He did not know that he had =Tithing to say about the matter particularly, but if the Council wished to discuss the reports in any shape or form, he thought it would be better to call a special meeting. (Hear, hear.) He had e,a very bad cold that evening,and it took himiall his time to speak. If the Council wished he would select Friday evening. (Cries of "No, no.") Councillor A. PEA.COCK su.ggested Thursday evening. Councillor WILKINSON did not think it was for the Council to discuss the matter at all. That was his opinion. Most people in Warrington would have the advantage of reading the reports, and the public should judge for themselves as to who was right and who was wrong. (Hear, hear.) The people were far better educated now than they were when he knem them 30 years ago, and would be able to fully and truthfully inquire into the matter. They hid hid discussion enough on the subject, and what good had it donl ?

The; 111.4.v0a said he had besn aiked by several mem- bers what was the best course to adopt in the matter The reports which hal ba3n presented ware very con- tradictory. Councillor WILKINSON: One is truth. (Laughter.) Councillor PEMBERTON : That's ours, Ntr. lliyor. (Renewed laughter., Councillor WILKINSON: I protest- The. MA.YOR : That being the case you are both right. More laughter.) Alderman PIERPOINT did not think that any good to the town could arise out of the discussion. The 111A.YOR That is what I contend.

Alderman PIERPOINT : That is my private opinion. Continuing, he said that every member of the Council had had a copy of the two reports, and they had been printed in the newspapers. Everybody had had an equal opportunity of making himself acquainted with what appeared in the reports, and he did not think that any, good could come to the town, and certAinly not to the' Council, by a discussion. The NI kYOR : The Commissioners have to the best of their ability acted as judges and given their decision. Are we going to form a Court of Appeal to go into their ideas? lam under the impression that the matter is best as it is. Even the judges often differ—the best course to adopt is to take the question on its merits. I have received a letter from the Town Clerk, stating 'hat the o Its felt very sore on one pprtion ofr the report, but that is a matter for you to consider after the Council is over. I shall ask you to conside the matter, and to see what can be done. Councillor PRNIBERTON: I would suggest that if the Council discuss the report, a much longer time than von suggest should be given to it. There are something like 5,000 questions and answers. The MA.YOR : If you want to discuss the report you had better wait until everybody has read it. Councillor PEMBSRTONT : That is my point. If the Council are going to discuss it at all, let them allow a reasonable time. The MAYOR: I will take it that it is not the wish of the Council to discuss it at all.

Councillor WILKENSON : .ra9 best plan will be to leave it to the public of Warrington to be the judges,to inwardly digest the reports for the next twelve months and say next November who is right and who is wrong. lain not afraid but that Warrington will spea'c out for itself.

Councillor TINNION : You will be safe enough. Councillor PEMBERTON : For once, I am fully in accord with Councillor Wilkinson. lam quite willing that the public should read the reports and give their verdict next November. There may be some gentlemen in the Council who wish to give certain explanations or ask questions, and I think they ought tq have the opportunity of doing that. Alderman PisaPorcr : Let them take Parr Hall.

Councillor ARTHUR PEA.COCK : It is all very well for the non-traders to say "Leave it to the public" after they have stated their side of the case at the Parr Hall.

C mncillor PEMBERTON : „I object to that. Coun- cillor Wilkinson said" Leave it to the public." Councillor PEACOCK: You said you agreetl with him. It is all very well for you to agree on such a point when you have given your verdict on each case. Probably if we had an opportunity of giving our ver- dict after having an investiration of each case we could throw a different light upon it. Councillor PEMBERTON : Take Parr Hall and do it. Councillor PEACOCK: I should prefer Parr Hall and I would invite the public to ask any questions on the matter—not tie the platform and say, This is our plat- form and we will only allow whom we like to speak." I propose that if there be an adjournment we have it in the Parr Hall.

Alderman SMETHURST : 1 Wiii support that.

Councillor PEMBERTON: Councillor Peacock must pay for the Parr Hall. Councillor PEACOCK: Well, I will pay for Parr Hall in order to give a full explanation. (Rear, hear.) The MAYOR: There is nothing before the meeting. Councillor JAMES EVA.NS said that if the original understanding and agreement had been carried out he would have been prepared to let the public judge, so far as he was concerned. But influence had been brought to bear upon the public,and he thought it was only fair, considering the diversity of view upon important points that opportunity should be afforded in that Chamber for the Council. who were responsible for the Inquiry and the reports to discuss the matter. It was to the Mayor that the Council Commissioners reported their findings. The MAYOR: The others did the same.

Councillor WILKINSON: We reported to you alone. Councillor EVANS said it was only a proper thing that those whO had been exerised by the inquiry should report their findings to the Mayor and his worship should decide upon the coarse of action to be taken. Whatever might have been said at the Parr Hall on Monday was open to the criticism of those who had taken part in the inquiry. The statements made in the renort with which he (Councillor Evans) had some- thing to do, might have been called into question. Councillor TDINION : It may be called a white- washing report. Councillor EVA.NS : Well, they called yours so. I daresay they will call mine. Continuing he contended that in all fairness the Council should treat the matter of the inquiry seriously, and give consideration to both sides of the question. The Council ought not to set aside without any deliberation the twelve months' work given to the investigation. Some men were placed in very funny positions, and it was for the Council to exercise their judgment, the reports having been submitted to them as a tribunal. He was prepared to stand by the report he had taken part in compiling. (Hear, hear.) The Non-Trading Commissioners had not been satisfied with presenting the report to the Non- Trading Committee which jointly with the Council was responsible for the inquiry, but they had sent it, he believed, to almost every important newspaper in the country. Councillor "'ONION: The " Times " had it.

Councillor EvANs said he felt strongly on the matter —that the reputation of Warrington should be besmirched in outside papers. He believed Warrington was not quite as bad as it had been represented. He did not see what good could come from the publication of the report broadcast. The sooner the Council debated the matter the better, and he suggested that a special night should be set apart for the purpose.__ _ __ • _

Councillor PEMBERTON siid the Non-Trading Com- missioners sent the first copy of their report to the Mayor and they adopted exactly the same course as the first Councij Commissioners in sending other prints of it to whem they thought proper. The first Council Commissioners sent copies, underlining parts in red ink, to certain members of Parliament, and he therefore thought the Non-traders were entitledafter first sending their report to the Mayor to issue copies to the Press. None of the Council Commissioners carried out the instructions of the Council as agreed upon with the Non- traders, for they had not the courtesy to sen I a copy of their report to the Non-Trading Committee. The MAYOR said he personally failed to see how the inquiry concerned outside towns. He did not know why the dirty linen of one town should belong to another. He did not consider the Non-Trading representatives were treating the Mayor and the Corporation with the respect due to them in sending the report all over the country. Councillor EvANs said he never understood the Corn-

CRAWFORD'S

OVAL RICH TEA

BISCUITS.

(In b. Packets Etc.)

THE "CRAWFORD QUALITY.

missioners had to send a copy of the report to the Non-Trading Association. They had simply to report their findings to the Mayor. and they left it with him to send copies to whom he liked. He entirely disagreed with Councillor Pemberton's remark that they were not courteous. They had, he contended, fulfilled their obligations. Councillor PEMBERTON said clause 11 of the condi- tions governing the inquiry read: "The Commissioners shall report their findings to the Town Council and to the Non-Trading Committee." The MA.voR said three Commissioners were appointed by the Town Council and three by the Non-Trading Association and they had to report their findings to the particular body they reptesented. The whole of them had, however' to report to the Council. Councillor EVANS : It is not a point of that sort. Both sections of the inquiry sent their reports to you and it was for you to send out copies. The Tows CLERK said that as soon as the Council representatives' report ,was delivered to the Mayor; by his instructions it was printed and a copy sent immedi- ately toeach of the Commissioners appointed by the Non-Tradigg Association. It was distinctly understood that%o sucTa association had existed for the past twelve month% Councillor PEMBERTON : Nothing of the kind, that is not true. Have you any official knowledge of such a thing? The Tows CLERK: It is general knowledge. Councillor PEMBERTON : General knowledge is wrong. Alderman BENNETT said the Non-Traders' report obviously had been sent up and down the country to various newspapers and the tendency some of the mem- bers of the Council had noticed to declaim and belittle the town of which many of them were proud, had been manifested with the result that in one of the Man- I chester papers there was an article, which he read with a great deal of pain, headed "A demoralized manicipality." It was exceedingly unfair because the newspaper could only have received one of the reports and not that of the Corporation Canunissioners. It was extremely unfortunate and unfair that the newspapers of the country should, on purely one-sided evidence try to attach to the town the evil name of which they had heard quite enough during the past few years. If they had only considered both reports they would have seen that the criticism was much exaggerated, and uncalled for. The Non-Traders had a big meeting in the Parr Hail. He was hoping they would call a meeting and re- tract many of the harsh statements they had made, because whatever justification they might have found in the evidence for some of the statements, their original contentions Went altogether beyond what was necessary or fair. Whilst there might have been some justification for the agitation they grossly exaggerated the sins and faults of the Council which, after all, had acted in the main with fairness, justicel and honesty. There had been little things open to criticism—he fully admitted that. But the whole town was held up again and again at the Parr Hall meetings as the most corrupt town in England. It was simply monstrous, and he had hoped their friends would have had the grace to say they had gone beyond what was necessary and that although the Council was not as (rood as it ought to have been, it was not as ' bad as it had been painted. Councillor PEMBERTON : That is quite untrue. Alderman BENNETT said the Non-Traders had had the opportunity of putting their colour on the report and had apparently sent it to newspapers without enclosing I a copy of the Council report. They had also had the , opportunity of putting their views before the public at the Parr Hall, and in face of those facts and the diome- trically opposite views at which the Commissioners arrived in regard to certain circumstances it would be as well to give a full night tofthe question and finally and for ever settle it. (Hear, hear). At this stage a vote of thanks was accorded to the Mayor for his services during the year, and the Press 1 and public withdrew in order that the Council might discuss in camera the letter from the Town Clerk. HAVE THE OFFICIALS BEEN LIBEIALED ?

As a result of the debate in camera, counsel's opinion is being taken7as to whether or not the officials have been libelled in the report of thq Non-Trading Com- missioners. The Town Clerk, iu his letter, strongly pro- tested, on behalf of his brother officials and himself, against "the unwarrantable,cowardly, and indiscriminate charge of ignorance againh the officials of the Corpora- tion contained in the report signed by the three gentle- men appointed by the Non-Trading Association on the recent commission of inquiry, and to certain malicious and slanderous statements affecting the officials made at the meeting of the Non-Traders at the Parr Hall on Monday evening." On the proposition of Alderman SUTTON. the Council decided that a copy of the report of the Commissioners appointed by the Non-Trading Association, together with all papers and documents to which it relates, be laid before counsel and that such steps may be taken as he may advise. Counsel's opinion, it is expected, will not be known for about a week.

No steps have yet been taken in regard to the sugges- tion to hold a public meeting in the Parr Hall.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
PARISH CHURCH RESTORATION.

Sale of Work to Clear off the Debt.

The congregation of the Warrington Parish Church is this week making what is hoped will be a final effort to extinguish the debt on the restoration fund. The numerous improvements recently carried out have entailed an expenditure of £2,500, and £250 is still required. It was with the object of raising that amount that a three days' sale of work was opened in the Fair- field schools on Thursday by the Hon. Ellinor and Elisabeth Wilson-Patten. The numerous stalls had been attractively arranged and were in charge of the following :—Parochial and china stall, Mesdames Willis, J. G. Craik, S. Taylor, P. Rylands, Dewhurst, William Fairclough, Farrell, Hall, Mawson, Hicks and Locker, Misses Queenie Taylor, Millington and Boyle; refresh- ment stall, Mrs. Stevenson, and the Misses Willis, Brooks, Price, Dewhurst, Willcocks, Neild, Woods, Brown and Evans; St. George's Mission stall, Mesdames Barrett, Knight, Perrin, Simpson and Miss Hetherington; St. Clement's Mission, Mesdames Cameron, Davies, Charlesworth. Sanders, Isherwood, Collin and Mr. Charlesworth ; G. F. S. stall, the Misses White, Dannett and Horton, Mrs. Collin and Mrs. Bottomley ; flower stall, Misses Rogers and Sankey; children's toy and sweet stall, Mrs. Lowe, Misses F. Lowe, M. Lowe, L. Bottomly, Dora Collin and Vera Collin.

The Rector presided at the opening ceremony and amongst those present were the Hon. Ellinor and Elisabeth Wilson-Patten, the Revs. M. Stevenson, E. C. E. Carleton, G. W. Dickinson, and A. S. Cameron, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Pierpoint, Mr. S. Taylor (people's warden). Alderman Bennett and Mr. C. White.

The RECTOR briefly alluded to the-- i;i;i'O'iy of the Parish Church, and pointed out that in all probability there had been a church on .the present site for 1,200 years. In expressing his obligation to the Hon. Misses Wilson-Patten for coming to open the sale, he said he felt it a 'privilege to have known the late Lord Winmarleigh. He was one of the four octogenarians of Warrington when he (the Rector) came to the town—Sir Gilbert Greenall, Mr. Beamont, Canon Hearne, and Lord Winmarleigh. They knew what he did for the town and for the 'Parish Church.

The Hon.ELLINoR WILSON-PATTEN' said ii-W7t-s-itiieat pleasure to be able to come among their old friends, and especially on such an occasion, for they. more than anyone perhaps, could feel love and regard for the old Church they used to Wend in their earliest childhood. They had spent a great deal of time that morning in looking over the alterations, and they agreed with the Rector that they were great improvements. They sin- cerely hoped the sale would be successful. (Applause.) Mr. R. PIERPOINT, M.P., moved a vote of thanks to the Hon. Misses Wilson-Patten:

Mr. S. TAYLOR seconded, and the'motion having been heartily carried, the sale commenced. On Thursday evening Mrs. Morley Stevenson and the members of the Training College Staff, together with Mr. W. E. Atkin presented the farce," A man of ideas" with which they created considerable amusement. The sales on they realized £BS. _ _ _

The sale yesterday should have been opened by Lady theenall who, however, was unable to attend owing to slight indisposition. The Rector, who again presided, announced that Lady Greenall had enclosed in her letter, expressing her regret at not being able to be present, a cheque for £25. (Applause.) The entertainments yesterday consisted of a concert arranged by Mr. F. Darby, and selections which were given by Miss Turner's mandoline band. The sale will be continued this afternoon and will be opened by Mrs.W.P.Rylandss A children's concert will be given in the afternoon, and in the evening a dramatic sketch will be given by the staff of the Training College.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Workingmen's Mission, Bank Quay.

Thl Christian Endeavour Society in connection with the above celebrated its 10th anniversary on Wednesday, when a tea and social gathering were held in the schoolroom, Thewlis-street, a large num- ber being present. After the tables had been cleared, a meeting was held, presided over by Mr. J. Hampson (president), who gave an address. Brief addresses were also given by Messrs. W. Worrall and W. Gray. During the course of the evening the members took the opportunity of presenting a beautiful rustic flower stand, to be kept in the chapel, in honour of the event, the members also undertaktng to keep the stand filled with flowers every Sunday. Mr. Hough (president of the mission) in a few suitable remarks accepted the present on behalf of the Chapel Committee, and also tendered their thanks to the society. Mrs. F. Gray and Miss Oakley contributed a duet, the first-named also singing a solo. Mr. F. Atkinson accompanied on the piano. The Secretary read her annual report,also giving a brief outline of the society's work during the past ten years. A vote of thanks to the caterers, on the motion of Mr. T. Dale, seconded by Mr. R. C. Tanner, and the singing of the Doxology, brought a very enjoyable meeting to a close.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Rugby Football.

(By " Ovalist.")

The high and mighty Wiganers were reduced to a fit and proper humility on Saturday. They came to Warrington, as once before, fully intent on conquer- ing, but they met their masters and retired discomfited by nine points to two. There was little doubt in Warrington as to the probable issue of the match. If .the full strength of the Wirepullers was not equal to upsetting the pretensions of any visiting team, well it was about time they shut up shop, so to speak. Wigan were not feared in the least, and events proved that the colliers are not so formidable alside as has been reported. They possess plenty of energy, but not much science, and a smart back team with a respectable front rank ought to stand a good chance any time with the international conglomeration from Wigan.

The Warrington-Wigan fixture is always a popular one, and there was a splendid gathering ;at Wilders- pool of about 8,000 people, the gate-money realising the handsome total of £l7O. Play opened' very smartly, and both teams put in some good work in the first ten minutes. Warrington got through the visitors' defence in what appeared a perfectly legitimate way, but Dickenson's try was disallowed. Hockenhall should have made amends five minutes later, but he stumbled when he had a clear run in after smart passing. Wigan were thus very lucky to escape disaster, and it was only small consolation for Warrington when Prestoi placed a penalty goal—the first he has kicked since joining the " Wire- pullers." Wigan responded gamely and Leytham equalised matters with a good kick. From this point play deteriorated, neither side being able to get away from the close attentions of the other, and half-time arrived with the score unaltered.

In the second portion there was some very hard struggling, but thanks to very ragged scrummaging the ball never became free to either set of backs. Warrington were more than a match for the visitors at all points, but played with a lack of finish in direct contrast to the display of a week before. Time wore on and it really looked as if Wigan were going to divide the points. Warrington could neither kick a goal nor get a try, though they missed both by the narrowest of margins. Penalties were pretty frequent, and after Fish had failed, Preston took a long shot from near the touch-line, and recorded a splendid goal which brought down the house.

This point put Warrington on good terms with themselves, and they certainly deserved it. Wigan were somewhat disheartened and it was no surprise to see the home forwards a few minutes later Break away and carry all before them, Preston scoring a try, and afterwards adding a third goal. The Ex- Swintonian thus scored all the ni.ne points for War- rington—a unique feat particularly for a forward. This was the first time he had been given a fair chance to justify his reputation as a goal-kicker on Warrington's behalf, and he fairly established his position as the goalist of the team. The three gals he got were beauties, and he was less than a yard out with two other:shots. Preston reminds me in his methods, of Donaldson the famous forward who a few years ago kicked guts galore for Broughton Rangers. He understands the art well, and now he has found his place he should prove invaluable to the Warrington team.

A word should be said of the home forwards collec- tively. They met a lusty pack in the Wigan " scrum " but they had the better of the argument before the close—a contrast indeed from the case when last the teams met! With the Warrington backs not showily, their best form there was not much to choose between the respective sets. Wigan's famous "Pigeon," Harry Lowe was no match for Warrington's more famous Fish, and got little chance of fluttertng his veings. On the other side Harris and Leytham were well matched, though the Warrington man was obviously short of practice. The Warring- ton centres are not giving a very classy exhibition on the attack just now. There is a want of ingenuity which conies perhaps from the men playing so much together They rely on one another and are certainly getting into a groove. Dickenson by the way, should not try to take the ball one-handed. It is bad form, and loses chances. He was a great sinner in this respect on Saturday. Hockenhall was much ahead of D. Davies, and Hallam showed improved form. On the Wigan side Mason was very sound at full back, while Windsor Jones shaped well at centre. Anderson was as usual too fond of going on his own.

Leeds sustained a licking on Saturday at Halifax and now are only equal to Oldham, who did well to take full points from Wakefield. Salford fell further away by going down at home to the much-improved "Lions" of Swinton. No less than five home clubs were in a minority at the clnse of play, the most re- markable result being the defeat of Hunslet by Hull Kingston Rovers. After free scoring the totals were 13-12. • .!

Me League table up-to-date is as follows : —For— —Against— P. W. L. D. G. T. Pts. G. T. Pts Pts Oldham 8... 6... 2... 0...11 15— 67...12 5 39...12 Leech Brou't'n R 8... 5... 2... 1... 8 15— 61... 9 5 33...11 Bradford 8... 5... 2... 1... 5 15— 55... 9 11— 51...11 Hunslet _ _

Swinton 13— 51... 8 8— -40:10 Wigan S... 5... 3... 0... 5 11— 43... 7 8— 38...10 Waregen... 8... 4... 3... 1... 7 15— 59... 5 8— 34... 9 Hal:fax Hull K.R 9... 4... 5... 0...11 10— 52... 7 11— 47... 8 Salford Hull 8... 4._ 4... 0... 6 9 39...11 14— 64... 8 Runcorn 8... 3... 5... 0... 5 10— 40...10 10— 50... 6 Widnes Leigh 8 2 5. 1. 5 6 28...11 14— 64... 5 Batley 8... 2... 6... 0...11 10— 52...15 15— 75... 4 Wakefield 8... 2... 6... 0...11 3 31...10 12-- 56... 4 St. Helens 8... 2... 6... 0...12 10— 54...11 25 97... 4

The South-Vil'est Lancashire League table up-to-date is as follows :

For. Against. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. Pts Warrington 3... 3... 0... 0... 6 6 30... 2 1— 7... 6 Wigan St. Helens 2... 1... 1... 0... 3 3 15... 1 3 11... 2 Leigh Widnes 3... 1... 2... 0... 3 3 15... 2 5 19... 2 Runcorn 3... 0... 3... 0... 0 2 6... 3 5 21... 0

Warrington are still undefeated in this competition, and should carry off the cup and medals once more. Their only serious rivals are Wigan—as last year.

Bravo! Warrington" A." The only undefeated team in the Combination. Come .and see them at Wilderspool to-day. Walk up, walk up, spectators ! It was a fine performance of the juniors to win at Wigan, and simply staggered the home supporters. They thought nothing could compare with the Wigan " A " and a defeat of 11-5 was a bitter pill—especially on top of the dose from Wilderspool. The Warring- ton lads played both energetically and smartly.

The Lancashire Combination table up-to-date is as follows :

P. W. L. D. G. T. Pts. G. T. Pts. Pts. Wigan (A).. 6... 5... 1... 0...19 34-140... 5 5 25...10 W'gton (A) 4... 4... 0... 0... 6 10— 42... 1 8— 26... 8 Chadderton. 5... 4... 1... 0...10 12— 56... 4 7 29... 8 B'gh'nß(A) 4... 3... 1... 0... 5 18— 64... 2 2 70... 6 Runcorn(a) 5... 3... 2... 0... 3 9 33... 4 7 29... 6 Widnes (A). 5... 2... 2... 1... 4 6 26... 7 15— 59....5 St.H. (A)... 7... 2... 4... 1... 5 11— 43... 9 20— 78... 5 Leigh (A)... 5... 2... 3... 0... 4 9 35... 6 7 33... 4 Oldham (A) 5... 2... 3... 0... 6 19— 69... 5 6 28... 4 Swinton (A) 4... 1... 3... 0... 0 5 15... 5 13— 49... 2 Salford (A) 4... 1... 3... 0... 2 5 19..11 12— 58... 2 R'd'leH.(A) 6... 0... G... 0... 1 1— 5...15 31-123.- 0

The. Lancashire County team sustained a severe shock at Runcorn on Wednesday, when they were de- feated by Cheshire by a try to nil. Lancashire have got so accustomed to winning the County Champion- ship that I believe they imagine they have only to go on the field and chuck the ball about to win. On Wednesday they were thoroughly well beaten, and no team better deserved to win than did the Cheshire fifteen—or rather fourteen. Cook the Warrington for- ward, sustained a severe cut on the forehead which caused his retirement before half-time, but the Ches- hire men played like tigers afterwards and completely demoralized the Red Rose representatives. They were over weighted to begin with but they got the ball somehow,and the excellent understanding existing in the rear division enabled them to keep Lancashire well in hand. It was a big performance by Cheshire

and should go a long way towards securing them the championship.

I have not seen so keen a game this season. There was no parlour football, and the gruelling some men --particularly Lomas—got was enough to satisfy for a month. Probably a more ragged exhibition has never been given byla Lancashire Northern Union team. The combination was all at sea through the absence of men like Wilson, S. James, and Baxter. Anderson and W. James were like oil and water mixed, while Lomas and Taylor in the centre were equally disjointed. The Salford crack ruined the game by his selfishness. More than once a try would have accrued to Fish if Lomas had passed at the proper time instead of try- ing to plough his way through the toughest first of the defensive line. The only man who came out of the ordeal with honour, on the Lancashire side, was Poole, who played a great game after a somewhat un- steady commencement. The forwards put nothing like the energy into their work that the Cheshire men did, though Thomas and Ferguson were always to.the fore. There will be some radical change in the team to represent Yorkshire.

Warrington have a severe task to-day. Swintoti seem to have come into form, and their victory at Salford stamps them as a vastly improved side. Warrington rarely win on Swintori territory, but I think they should have an even chance to-day. The "Blues "usually play an open game, and Warrington are as good as the best at this style of football. Boardman and Cook are important absentees from the pack, but there should be nothina to fear in this direction. Swintonians have lately been sighing for Preston's goal-kicking. Let us hope they get more than enough of it to-day.

The Warrington team will be : Hallam.; Fish, Isherwood, Dickenson, and Harris; Davies and Hockenhall ; Thomas, Shugars, Preston, Beltim, Jolley, Naylor, Morrison, and Forster.

The "A." team Nv ill be : Knight ; Short, Berry, Jordan, Brooks; J. Davies and Duckworth ; Harmer, Ashton, Coleman, Lunt, and another.

The case of J. Davies came before the Northern League Committee this week, when it was decided that sending off the field in the Oldham match was sufficient punishment.

Hockey. [BY R.G.P.] As foretold in my notes of last week, the Stockton Heath first eleven easily *defeated Bankfield, the score being 12-0; but the second string, playing with a some- what weak eleven, had to admit defeat by 44.

The game at home was so one-sided, that there were few points of real interest. Suffice to say the Stockton Heath forwards, although not playing with all that combination and understanding which is the science of the game managed to pile on goals. The halves were 'good, but as the Bankfield forwards were weak, they had not much chance of showing their skill, while the backs were seldom troubled.

The second eleven travelled to Bankileld with only ten men, and had to pay the penalty. Seeing what a lot of reserves Stockton Heath have this year, this was somewhat unfortunate. The game seems to have been very level, each side doing an equal amount of pressing, but the Stockton forwards were unable to shoot goals, and when Smith retired hurt, the home team had things all their own way.

The following shows the record of both Ist and 2nd teams, together with a list of the goal scorers up to date :

P. H. A. W. L. G. for.G.ag. Ist team : 4 ... 1 ... 3 3 ... 1 ... 2S ... 4 2nd team: 4 ... 3 ... 1 2 ... 2 ... 13 ... 12 Goals.

IST TEAM. Matches.

NV. Richardson R. Pierpoint H. Kirkconnell C. H. Bond S. Baxter Eric Fairclough 3

2ND TEAM.

Ala,tches.

Goals.

W, Longdin _ ........____ 4 --- D. Skelton A. Jones W. Howard 4 R. Monks 1 R. Pierpoint

The following teams were selected to play against West Derby this afternoon :—First (away) : R. G. Pierpoint, goal; L. Fairclough (captain) and E. F. Woods, backs; Eric Fairclough, H. Kirkconnel and J. Richardson, halves; R. Fairclough, W. Richardson, R. Pierpoint, S. Baxter, and C. H. Bond, forwards. Train leaves Central Station at 1.50. Referee, Mr. Bellamy. Second (home) : H. Kertland, goal; P. B. Hawtin and E. Pierpoint, backs; J. Houghton, H. Smith, and J. G. Hatton, halves; A. G. Jones, W. Howard, W. Longdin, A. Hodgkinson, and A. Ferguson (forwards). Bully-off 3 o'clock.

• As will be seen S. •Baxter again comes into the for- ward line, and R. Pierpoiht takes up the centre position. H. Kirkconnel being unable to play, his position will be filled by E. Fairc., ough, and E. Pierpoint will play wing-half.

The following team was picked to represent Lancashire against Durham at Stockton Heath on Saturday November sth. W. L. Low (Northern), goal; R. Williams (Northern) captain and G. D. T. Rogers (Huyton), backs; H. G. Kenna (Huyton), R. Merriman and S. B. Heys (West Derby), half-backs; F. A. G. Heyworth (Cambridge University), R. Maw (Kersal), F. R. Leßoy (South Manchester), A. E. Saunderson (Huyton), and L. Ashcroft (Huyton), forwards.

The following ambiguous statement appeared in the "Leeds Mercury" when referring to the formation of a Hockey Club at Thirsk : "A suitable ground has been secured near the cemetery."

Results of some Of the local matches, played on the ground of the first named club. Sefton 1, Latchford 1; Bowdon 1, Sale 1; South Manchester 2, Whalley 3; Kersal 3, Formby 0; Rochdale Park 15, Prestwich A. 1; Latchford 2nd 8, Sefton 2nd 3; Stockton Heath 12, Bankfield 0; Bankfield 2nd 4, Stockton Heath 2nd 0.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Angling.

Last week-end marked the close of the season so far as local contests are concerned; though individual efforts, probably, will not be slackened by those who are of an ardent and enthusiastic nature. Now, the fish belonging to the various classes of what are generally termed, the" coarse" fish are at their best, and thus offering the best of sport when they are in a biting humour. Pike fishing is already in full swing and several good catches have recently been spoken of as having been obtained both from public and private waters. An interesting fact has been noted, in that, several gudgeon filled with spawn, have been taken from the Bridgewater Canal.

An open contest, protnoted for the benefit of J. Gorse, by the Perseverance Angling Society was decided in the waters of the Bridgewater Canal at Stockton Heath on Saturday afternoon last. There was a good entry of about 190 competitors and Messrs. William Bradbury',assisted by several work- ers, started the match in good time. The fishing was only of a moderate character, though some 94 contest- ants recorded weights. Eleven prizes of an 'aggregate value:of £5 3s. 6d. were offered. Result, Ist. H. Green, 11b. 30z. 6drs. ; 2nd. E. Gleave, Boz. 4drs : 3rd. S. Thomas, 7oz. Bdrs. ; 4th. T. Ashton ; sth. J. Brookes - 6th. J. Reams; 7th. J. Shepherd; Bth. R. Sister; 9th;. R. Cook; 10th. G. Hamblett ; and 11th. T. Wright. The prizes were distributed at the hesd-quarters of the club, the Cattle Market Ina on Monday evening.

An open competition was promoted at Lymm on Sat- urday afternoon but a very disappointing entry of corn- pecitors responded,only twenty seven drawing numbers. This is somewhat to be regretted considering that the prizes offered were well up to the average of other competitions. Messrs. F. J. mson, A. Bate and W. Kirkpatrick Bridgewater Arms, Lymm, had the manage- ment of the match. Sport was very poor indeed, the winner only scaling 4oz. 10drs. and the ten prizes offered were just won. Result :-Ist W. Goodwin, 2nd F. Poulton, 3rd James Hackney, 4th J. Bate, sth T. Clare, 6th W. Roberts, 7th E. Bowles, Bth IT, Sherratt, 9th A. Slirratt and 10th F. Smith. The prizes were distributed after the match.

Another open contest was fished at Vale Royal on Saturday last and the proceeds were devoted to the Winsford Hospital. Ninety-obe competitors put in an appearance and out of these fifty caught fish. There were 31 Prizes, and the heaviest weight recorded was over 11b. and the lowest taking a prize was sozs. A full list of winners has not come to hand.

There were a goodly number of local anglers engaged in fishing operations last week end. Sport was of a varying chvacter. A pike of Gibs. Boz. Gdrs. was captured at the rive; Gowy by Mr. T. Leigh. Mr. W. Hamblett had three nice dace, the largest probably 10oz. and Mr. Alf Maddock a roach of lloz. sdrs. The Bridgewater Canal yielded plenty of gudgeon, but there was nothing of any particular note registered from the old lived at Lyrnm. The river Weaver was not so productive even of small fish as it has been during previous week ends.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BENEFITS OF SCIENCE.

It is seldom that any discovery of science is such as will benefit all classes of people. Some of the greatest discoveries of the age, while they have proved directly beneficial to thousands, have also, at least for a time, injured other thousands. Even some of the best medi- cinal preparations, however much they may do to remove one class of disease, or suit some constitutions, at the same time either deepen the hold of another disease, or leave it entirely untouched, or if they benefit one class of patients, they may injure another. Now the great need of the age is some scientifically arranged preparation which will cope effectually with the pre- valent diseases of this country, which will be certain to do good when fairly tried, which will be equally adopted to the needs of the merchant and the workman, the professional man, and he who i wins his bread by the sweat of his brow, the I student, the clerk, the factory hand, the miner, and the roadside labourer. It should be, too, such a pre paration as contains no injurious ingredients, and which may be taken with impunity by the weakly child, or the delicate lady, as well as by the stronger constituted man. Such a discovery would deserve to be called The Perfection of Medicinal Preparations, and would indeed be an Invaluable Boon to Suffering Humanity. Now this much needed boon has been found, has been tried, has been proved, and wherever proved, it has been found satisfactory. We refer to Gwilym' Evans' Qninine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic, which when once tried, has been always recommended, and has proved successful when all other medicine has failed to give relief, and we may say further, that it has proved per- manently beneficial, when other preparations at best gave only temporary relief. It is strongly recommended as The Best Remedy of the Age for Indigestion in its different forms, such as Sick Headache, Pains in the Side, Giddiness, Loss of Appetite, also for Nervousness and Nervous Disorders, Sleeplessness, Neuralgia, Low Spirits, and all kinds of Weakness. It has often proved very beneficial to persons suffering from great Weakness, either after an illness, long con finement to ill-ventilated rooms or any othe cause. it strikes at the source of the Disease, removing the cause of the illness, and strengthens those parts of the system which have been weakened by it, and therefore most liable to colds and other ailments. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters being purely vegetable, it is a Natural Tonic, and suited to all ages at all seasons of the year. It is everywhere acknowledged to be a powerful aid in restoring the body to a healthy state when deranged by disease. If you suspect that your health is beginning to fail, brace up your nerves, and fortify your constitution by taking now a course of this excellent Tonic, which is sold everywhere in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each, but should any difficulty be experienced in procuring it, the Proprietors will forward same for the above prices, carriage free. Avoid Imitations. When purchasing,see the name, "Gwilym Evans," on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. Sole Proprietors: Quinine Bitters Manufac- nring Company, Limited, Llanelly,-South Wales.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

ALLEGED UNLAWFUL WOUNDING. A sidelight on some of the lower life of Warrington was forthcoming at the police court on 'Monday when a pitiful story was unfolded to the magistrates. This was in the case in which Catherine Walsh, 8, Dial- Court, made her appearance in the dock on a charge of unlawfully wounding her husband:--The Chief Constable at the outset asked that the prisoner should be remanded as, he stated, the husband was still an inpatient in the Infirmary, and was not vet out of danger. On Saturday night the prisoner and her husband, who had been married for six years, were having, what the neigh- bours described as their usual week end quarrel, and were both drank, in fact everyone connected with the case was more or less under the influence of drink. During the quarrel the husband made unfounded accusa- tions against his wife and, the wife said, struck and kicked her. He was making to strike her again when she picked up a bottle and struck him • on the head. Probably she had no intention of inflicting such serious injuries as she did, as the man's skull was fractured and one of the main arteries in the head severed. He was taken in an unconscious condition to the Infirmary. The prisoner during her married life had led the life of a dog and had had a great deal to put up with.— Prisoner was remanded. FAILING TO NOTIFY SCARLET FEVER.

"'John Gill, 106, Padgate lane, was summoned at the Warrington Police Court on Monday, for failine to notify a case of scarlet fever on the 22nd of September. Mr. g. Wilson deputy town clerk,prosecuted and at the outset contended that in this case ignorance could not be pleaded as the defendant was an educated man and held a responsible position in the town. He explained that early in September the defendant's little son had an attack of scarlet fever though nothing was noticed until the Nth September when he started peeling. Two days later a second child commenced with the disease. In the second case the decease was attended with a rash Neither of the cases were reported to the medical officer of health and dnring the whole of the time another child was attending the Warrington Technical school The second case was subsequently reported by Dr. Ferguson who was called in to attend to the child, though he was not called in until a fortnight after it commenced with the disease.—Evidence in support of Mr. Wilson's statement was given by Inspector Flood. —Mr. Steel, who appeared for the defendant, stated that the second child mentioned was a delicate child, and during September broke out with sores round the mouth. The mother accordingly kept her at home. The school attendance officer shortly afterwards visited the house and Mrs. Gill being informed that she must obtain a medical certificate in order to keep the child at home, called in Dr. Ferguson. Prior to Dr. Ferguson's visit she had not the slightest idea that the child was suffering from scarlet fever as the disease was not attended by any of the symptoms with which it was generally accompanied.—Evidence in support of the statement was given by Mr. and Mrs. Gill, and by Dr. Ferguson who said he did not think the defendant or his wife had the slightest suspicion that the child was suffering from scarlet fever when be was called in.—The magistrates considered the case was one in which the defendant had been guilty of carelessness, and fined him n the costs.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

Minor Cases.

MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (presiding). Alderman Smethurst, Councillors Thornton and Wilkinson, and Messrs. T. Birchall, William Roberts and S.

Wright. AFTER Fotirt YEARS.—Islac Lomax, 8, Blackhurst- street, was charged with assaulting Patrick and Mary Fallen, neighbours, in June 1900. Patrick Fallen said that prisoner'knocked him on the floor and jumped on his chest with his knees. He also bit his flnger.—The prosecutrix stated that prisoner caught hold of her hair and knocked her down. There were no previous con- victions against the prisoner, and he was fined 10s. and costs, or fourteen days' imprisonment in default. LILLIPUTIAN WRECKERS.—Five boys whose ages ranged from six to ten years, were charged with doing damage to the shrubs in the Park on October 16th. Their names were:—Walter Philpot,2,Twiss-yard, Cockhedge ; James Smith, 3, Garden-row; Caleb Wernora, 2, Garden- row, Thomas Green, 11, Garden-row; and William Taylor 36, Cockhedge-lane. Detective Clough said that he was on duty in Sankey-steet when he saw the boys carrying sticks. When they saw him they ran away, but he managed to catch one of them. He proceeded to the Park, and found that two elder bushes had been com- pletely broken. Fines of 3s. 6d. were inflicted in each case.—ln a second case two boys, William Waywell, 88, Folly-lane, and William Lythgoe, 61, Longshaw-street, aged 10 years, were summoned for throwing stones in Dallam-lane on October 14.—James Morris, employed at Wyman's Foundry, said a window had been broken by the boys throwing stones. Several windows had been broken on other occasions and stone-throwing had be- come a great danger to the men employed there. Ihe boys were fined 3s. 6d. each. DISORDERLY SCENE IN THE CEMETERY.—Herbert Molyneux, 58, Ellesmere-street; George Monks, 44 Lord Nelson-street; and William ' Bridge 26, Liverpool, road, were summoned for committing a breach of the peace by disorderly behaviour in the Cemetery on October 16th.—Detective Clough said he had received special instructions to visit the Cemetery, and saw the defendants sitting on a seat there. They commenced jostling one another about and were also shouting. He watched them for about three-quarters of an hour. They also called after young ladies as they passed, and caused considerable commotion.—The Chief Constable said the

Cemetery would be a by no means healthy place for young men to carry on in this fashion in the future. Special men would see that order .was kept and any offenders would be promptly brought up and the case pressed. He was sorry to see respectable young men like the defendants in that position, and he hoped the publicity given to the cases would serve as a warning to others.—This being their first offence the defendants were ordered to pay 3s. 6d.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
ADULTERATED JAM.

Warrington Grocer Fined.

An interesting case was heard at the Warrington Police Court yesterday, when a local grocer, was sum- moned for selling two pounds of plum jam not of the quality and substance required by the purchaser, in that it contained a quantity of salicylic acid. Defendant pleaded guilty. Mr. S. Wilson, deputy town clerk, prosecuted and at the outset read a letter banded to him by the defendant and addressed to the defendant by a Mr. Thomas Reed, Peasley Cross, St. Helens. In the letter Mr. Reed said "I have written to the makers of the jam who have written to say that the jam is made the same way as all other jams are made. The makers say the acid is a preservative and that used in small quantities, it is not harmful. I am innocent in the matter as I did not know the acid was put in the jam, but if you should be fined I will refund the amount of the fine as I am better able to bear the loss." Continuing, Mr. Wilson stated that on the 21st of last month Inspector Flood visited the defendant's shop and purchased a two-pound jar of jam, which, as was the custom, he divided into three parts, one of which he sent to the public analyst, who certified that the jam contained 3 grains of salicylic acid per pound. The acid had a serious effect upon the human system as it was a deleterious and dangerous drug, affecting the me-abranes of the stomach, and also the nervous system. Upon a strong healthy individual the amount contained in the jam would have no effect, but in the case of a delicate adult or child it would result in very serious consequences if the jam was eaten continually. He would point out that the acid was used as a preservative whereas if the jam was properly made it was not needed. One important factor in the case was that the defdndant was not the real culprit, but as he had before stated the defendant would protect himself by getting a certificate as to the purity of the jam from the makers. He sub- mitted that that was a proper case for the inflicting of a heavy penalty. Inspector Flood stated that the jam was described as "Cheshire farm house jam made from the finest fruits and cane sugar." He had been unable to ascertain the name of the makers. _ _ _ .

Dr. Gornall gave evidence as to the effect of the salicylic acid upon the human system, bearing out the statement made by Mr. Wilson. Mr. Ruddock, public analyst, gave evidence as to the amount nf the acid contained in the jam. Defendant stated he sold The jam in exactly the same condition as he bought it. He did net know it con- tained any foreign substance. The Mayor said the magistrates did not regard the case as a serious one and would fine defendant in the costs, together with the analyst's fee £1 9s. in all. Personally had he been sitting on a jury he would have required more evidence as to the culpability of the iefendant before he would have convicted.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
DISFIGURED BY ECZEMA. Zam-Buk Cures a Life-Long Case.

" Eczema broke out on my face, neck and arms, and my .head was literally covered with sores." Thus Miss Elizabeth Ann Wood informed a "Bolton Chronicle" reporter when describing her marvellous cure through Zam-Buk • after life-long agony and dis- figurement. Miss Wood is a young mill-card tenter, and lives with her father, Mr. James Wood, of 3, Hope- lield-street, Bolton. "The disease commenced in my youngest days." said Miss Wood. "It began directly after, vaccination. My parents had an awful time with me. The sores ' mattered ' and spread until I was ompletely dis- figured," We were terribly upset," interposed her father. "We called in several doctors, but in vain, for the blotches remained and my child in her agony would scratch, scratch, scratch. We were told that the disease would take a tura when she was seven years old; but no change came. Then we were told we would have to wait until she was fourteen. Even then she was almost as bad as ever, and we began to look upon the case as hopeless. In all, we tried at least nine doctors, and wasted a small fortune."

_ "As I grew up," resumed Miss Wood," I suffered a martyrdom. On my bad days I was positively ashamed of my appearance, and very frequently I had to stay from my work. Blotched on the face and neck, and my hair coming off in handfuls, I could not mix even with my friends. Doctors were useless in my case, and we had to look out for some other source of relief. Noticing an account of Zam-Buk in a local paper, we decided to give it a trial. Nine months ago we wrote and obtained a free sample of the great herbal healing balm, and almost from the first there were signs that Zam-Buk was something more than a mere ointment or salve. Day after day I dressed my sores, and was soon pleasantly surprised to notice how less troublesome they grew. Now, after proper perseverance, my head has been cleared of the sores completely, and I have more hair than ever I could boast. As you see, my face is also clear. Everywhere my skin is as healthy as it ought to be. lam happier than ever I have been. I I can attend my work regularly, and I can go about as an ordinary mortal, instead of feeling I was set apart from the rest of womankind by a most disagreeableand troublesome disease. I shall always sing the praises of Zarn-Bnk, which is a balm of rare merit." Mr. Wood and four others confirmed his daughter's story ; and throughout the district Zam-Buk's extra- ordinary success has caused no little sensation. Zam-Buk quickly eradicates disease, and is invaluable for running sores, eczema, scalp sores, ulcers, bad legs, blind and bleeding piles, boils, abscesses, rash, chapped hands, chilblains, sore feet, festering sores, poisoned wounds, cuts, bruises, burns, scalds, sprains, and stiff- ness. Rubbing it in quickly dispels pain and ends irrita- tion. Of all chemists; or direct from the Zam-Buk Co., 4„Red Cross-street, London, E.C., for is. lid. per box; or 2s. 9d. for large family size (25.4114. box con- tains nearly four times the is.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
ROBBERIES AT WARRINGTON

Of late there has been a series of robberies and burglaries at Warrington, and a few weeks ago visits were paid by burglars to several well-known hotels in the town, considergile sums in cash, being stolen. Yesterday week a Mr. J. Forster cycled down Man- chester-road, and called at the Cemetery Hotel, leaving his machine at the doorway. He was absent for a few minutes only, but on leaving the. hotel he found his machine had gone. Suspecting a practical joke he made enquiries which revealed to him the fact that his machine had been stolen. No trace of it has, as yet, been forthcoming. On Tuesday,ithe residents in Sankey, became aware of the fact that robbers had visited that district, for dur- ing the previous night the lock-up shop of Mr. Ireland cycle maker, was broken into. Upon. examining his shop Mr. Ireland found 'that an entrance had been effected by the bursting open of .the door. Two bicycles, a plating bath and apparatus, and a number of cycle accessories in all to the value of about £3O had been stolen. • A lady's glove was found in the shop, the ownership of which Mr. Ireland has been unable to establish.

On Tuesday a rough-looking customer, who is believed to be John Foster, and who declines to give the police any information about himself, attempted to rob the till in the shop of Mrs. West, 31, Walton- road, Stockton Heath. About 9 a.m., Mrs. West, who was in the kitchen noticed a shadow on the wall of the shop. She went to investigate, and found, she states, the man Foster with his hand in the till which contained £ll 6s. in cash. Foster, on seeing Mrs. West immediately decamped, only to be arrested later by P.C. Williams. On Wednesday he was brought before Mr. Neild at the Warrington Occasional Court, and remanded to the Daresbury Petty Sessions. Foster when arrested said" It is a mistake. This is the first I have heard of it. It must be someone else."

~ - ' 4i ~ _,..,- ~• s- y ~- •. ' -----.' -4.l';‘" "r7111111.'• _ "r'..11.;11'..- - 1.4W.° . • . W.91°)Wirr:977.7,':,..74-4V3lrrlr...MrWrierlii.)l""lsrr"."l"-VI , _ - .- '.' • -:---:- , •,•, ••• . - .'• ' .....--- - --_--, :- • - -:-:,:•"' --,-. :—.::----7--,.:-- ~ '-' - ',' --7-' _'..'>> -___ !"; ..4 '-",41`• *- _ : ~__ --_ •- - _ _ .-.....-- - - ' 401,.... -- /- /:- `-'-' . 7..11.--''''''''----,7-.........`"---7-'l.ll'--.77:',,,,....-;- : ,;,,,,,- ----- -. . - -41,-.4Pri% /,/ •-•---..411"--_------ - -- - - ...r J..- - _ _jr"...../. . ::-/". , ..• • , ___ _ _ 7 . . _. . .0- ...... otc.„..- • / .'..' • : :7: z /,., • , ';;Jeli, ( / •P. V. j 4 • -: , I V . ', • a. i "lii , .o. ',... '‘' • . AI 1. 'FAT' , 4 • . • ...- . • • / '..\0,,:, • t 'l4 1 lir i / • r / /, / / •

===== 0002601_19041029_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19041029_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 29, 1904.

governed all Corporation contracts. That standing order was still in existence, and whilst they had it in existence as such, there was no man present—who was an honest man—who ought so stand by and see it violated. If it was violated what remedy had they but a penalty clause? He did not say he would go as far as Councillor !Stott, land debar a man for ever from trading with the Corporation but he certainly would put on some penalty or remove the standing order altogether It was a farce if they did notsee itproperly carried out. (Hear, hear.) Councillor THORNTON said his strong objection to the motion was that all offenders would be treated the same way. He thought if Councillor Stott would sug- gest the appointment of a committee to consider each case on its merits it would meet with approval. Councillor PEMBERTON thought that if Councillor Stott would alter his resolution to read that the defaulting contractor should be made to pay the stand- ard rate of wages or give up the contract, it would give an alternative, and the Council's aim would be achieved He was in sympathy with the motion, and certainly thought there must be a penalty for breaking ale regula- tion. He rather thought Councillor Stott and his friends had not quite seen the serious circumstances which might arise. Trade Unionists were not so drastic as that resolution would have the Council to be, in their direct dealings with employers. When they wanted a thing they asked for it and then if their wants were not complied with went to strike. They first of all however gave the employer the oppor- tunity of agreeing to their demands. The same thing should apply to persons contracting with the Corpor- 9.tion who should be given the opportunity of paying the trade union rate of wages before a contract was taken from them.

Councillor TDINION said he took the same objection as previously, and that was that the Council ought to have some option, and be able to graduate the penalty accordion' to the gravity of the offence. These standing orders they had passed would have to be confirmed by the Council on November 9.and to avoid any subsequent re-opening of the matter he might suggest that the matter should be referred to the General Purposes Committee. He did not hesitate to say that some of those standing orders which were passed were not really in the best interests of Warrington—(hear, hear)—and he did not feel then that they were as com- prehensive as they ought to be. He was told it was a matter that should be carefully considered as so far as the printing trade was concerned local firms could not now undertake work they had previously done, and if the standing orders were read strictly—and he pre- ferred to read them strictly—no Corporation printing could be done in Warrington. They could not even advertise in any of the three local papers accordinc, to one standing order as it was an admitted fact that the men at the local paper offices were not paid the trade union rate of wages, and therefore did not carry out the conditions. Moreover the trade unions did not acknow- ledge female labour. Councillor MA.GISTS : We don't care a fig what they auknowledge. Councillor TINNIOS, continuing, said he was given to understand that the local papers employed female labour— _ _

Councillor MAGINN : Well, hasn't a female a right to earn her own living? ' Councillor STorr : Let the men earn it for them. _

Councillor TINNION added that it was acknowledged they did employ female labour, and he was merely stat- ing the fact, because it was one of the things that affected the matter they were now discussing, as he con- sidered that before they passed this penalty clause it was in the interests of the trade of Warrington—and good- ness knew it was:bad enough,andhe would not like to do anything to drive any workmen away—that they should fully understand in the standing orders ' they had pas He did not heseit,ate to say that it the standing orders passed by soma fe ix and trembling, as it were, and by some for other reasons, but not becausethe members thoroughly understood them. He believed they were unjust in their.application, and he thought it was desir- able that they should have a full opportunity of discus- sing the whole of them in committee. (Hear, hear.) He was sure the trade •unionists did not wish to be unjust to those who were not trade unionists, and he thought it was monstrous to bar a man for ever .from contracting because he had broken a contract. The Council ought to have some option in meting out punish- ment. He would suggest that the matter be fully dis- cussed by the General Purposes Committee or at the caucus meeting. Councillor MAGINN said he had been asked to make an explanation regarding the local newspaper offices. He understood that in the printing department—that was where the Corporation work was done—the firms paid even more than the union rate. For newspaper work, which was the simple work, they certainly did employ girls, and heradmiEed them for it. (Hear,.hear.)

The Mayon: What, the girls? (('ond laughter). Councillor M.konist : I always did. My wife is not here or I daren't say so. (Laughter.) Continuing, he said he was not going to make a speech on the matter, but he wanted to make one remark: What would they think if sensible men told them that girls must not earn their own livings and said in justification of that" Let the men keep them ?" There were many hundreds of poor girls in this town who had no men to work for them—(hear, hear.)—and Councillor Stott and his friends would be the last people in the world to divide their bread with those girls if theylhad nothing to do. (Cries of" Oh," and Hear, hear.) Aide rman PzEneorgr remarked that he did not think any good would be obtained by the use of hard words. (Hear, hear.) The motion before the meeting was an important one, and he thought it only right to give the reason why he would not vote for it, and it was the first . time, he thought, he had been in opposition to Conn- ! oilier Stott. He had every respect for the trade : unionists and also for the non-unionists, and in his opinion, the percentage of unionists as against non- unionists was an exceedingly small one. Therefore he was perfectly justified in taking into consideration the: interests of the larger number rather than the smaller number. With regard to the penalty clause, he did not agree with it, because he thought the standing orders they had already passed—and which he took no part in i passing—were sufficiently stringent to fulfil every desire and to do their trade properly. One effect they had had ; was the driving out of the town of a considerable order ; in the printing trade. The volume he hold in his hand (Inquiry Evidence, 300 folios) had in fact been printed out of town for the reason that none of the local firms I able to do the work could have had the job because they (trade unionists) looked upon them as black shops, and called them such owing to their employing female labour. He contended that a manufacturer had a right to conduct his business in the manner he thought best for his interests so long as the employes did not object to the wages, and he took it there had been no com- plaint from the employes at the local printing works as to the wages they received. They saw that one resolution they had passed had had the effect of driving an order to the amount of £l5O out of the town, and it seemed to him that in order to benefit a few unionists they were going to do the trade of the town consider- able injury. He thought the Council had gone quite far enough and perhaps a little further than they ought to have gone in passing the standing orders. The MAYOR observed that during the year they had had something like ten discussions on things of that sort, and they had almost all come at the end of the meetings. They were things which might almost en- tirely have been discussed at the General Purposes Committee without wasting the time of the members after heavy business sittings. It was generally an acknowledged fact that when a man had been beaten on a point he should not bring it up again. That was the third time the question had been discussed. Councillor STorr pointed out that at previous meet- ings the members of the Council had expressed them- , selves in accord with the principle of a penalty clause.i The only point in dispute was as to the term of punishment. The objections now raised did not seem ' to be so much to the penalty clause as to the clauses they had already passed. He took the opportunity of sending to the members of the Council, a week before- hand, copies of the standing orders, so that there could be no excuse that they had not been read, and yet they were objecting to what they had previously passed. Councillor Mag inn would insist upon saying they wanted to compel every employer to employ trade unionists. That was not the question at all; it was a question of paying the standard rate of wages and preventing one employer undercutting others and bringing wages down. They would prefer local firms to employ trade unionists, but they would not try to compel them. With refer- ence to the employment of women, that was because female labour was cheaper. Women had been employed on newspaper work in Warrington, and i were being paid one-third the price paid n some other offices where the work was done by men. The effect of women and girls being employed was to bring men upon the streets. He knew that at the present time a large proportion of the members of the Typo- graphical Association were walking the streets with nothing to do, owing to the fact that their labour had been displaced by girls at a much lower rate than men

ploirVANiiitaLsAim

===== 0002601_19041029_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
ANGRY COUNCIL SCEL

COUNCILLOR MAGINN THREATENS PERSONAL VIOLENCE.

The Fair Wage Question.

CouncillorS I'r 'made a third attempt at the meeting of the Town Council on Tuesday evening to secure the adoption of a penalty clause to be enforced in the event of breaches of the Corporation contracts fair wages clauses recently adipted by the Council. The discus- sion which ensued upon his proposal witnessed an angry scene between himself and Councillor Maginn, the latter gentleman going so far as to threaten to pull Councillor Stott's head off. Councillor STorr moved "That Is Council adopt the following standing order: 'Any contractor having been proved by the Council to have broken the con- ditions of a contract, as a penalty for the first offence the Council shall not c msider any tender submitted by him for a period of one year from the date of the contract having been broken; for a second offence the penalty shall be two years, and for a third offence no tender for any work shall in future be considered by this Council from that contractor.'" In speaking to the motion Councillor Stott said it was an almost similar motion to that which he had previously introduced, except that they had brought the penalty down to what they considered was a minimum, and they asked that it should be on a sliding scale basis. He had been told many times that he had no right to bring such resolutions, but on this point he contended that the trade unionists were deserving of consideration and had some right to receive respect from an elected body like the Council. He did not bring these motions forward with the intention of making an attack upon any employer, or any set of employers, but in the interests of those employers who treated their men fairly and in order to protect those employers against men who lived to cut down the wages of their workpeople. It had been sugges- ted that a money penalty should be inflicted, but he would point out that in Bradford it had been found impossible to enforce a money penalty. He thought his proposal was a very reasonable one, and that the least the Council could do was to give it a fair trial. (Hear, hear.) Councillor BARTON seconded. Councillor PEIEBERTON asked what would be the effect if the resolution was carried and the Council found that a contractor, who had held a contract for some time—a builder working through a sub-cm- tractor—was doing work for the Corporation with men who were not paid the standard rate of wages. The TOWN CLERK: The contract would be taken from him. _ _ .

--- --- Councillor PEMBERTON : In that event would the Corporation have to finish the work? The TOWN CLERK said he did not know what would be their position in such an event. Councillor PEMBERTON : It might result in a loss of thousands of pounds. Continuing he said if the resolu- tion had said that no more contracts should go to a tenderer who offended,or that a contractor should not be allowed to proceed with a contract until he paid the standing rate, he would be prepared to support it. The MAYOR said it seemed to him that if a contractor committed a mere technical offence, which might be the result even of a clerical error, he would be punished as severely as the man who wilfully set them at defiance. If they adopted that resolution the only way would be that every one tendering for Corporation work should get a certificate from the Independent Labour Party that they were fit and proper persons to tender. If they were going to adopt this resolution they would be making someone judges who did not probably understand the ease. (Hear, hear). The punishment was so drastic that it would bring the standing orders into contempt. (Hear, hear) They might, however, fix the punishment so that it could be adjusted to the offence, trivial or otherwise, by fixing the period as not exceeding a cer- tain time, but if a man broke the standing orders they did not need a clause of this description. Councillor MAOLNN said no man had greater respect for trade unionism than he had, but he had no more respect for a combined body of men belonging to a trade union than he had for a number of honest men who did not belong to a union. (Applause). What would they say if because a man came from a certain country, belonged to a certain political party. or because he did not belong to a certain party, or because he did or did not profess a certain religion, or did not combine with a certain stronger power in a dis- trict, he was put outside the pale of society and not allowed to earn his living? He nad just as much respect for trade unionism if it was conducted for the benefit of workingmen as ever Councillor Stott had, but he wished to point out to Councillor Stott that if they had to conform to the conditions which extremists like Councillor Stott would like them to adopt,it would be simply impossible for trade unionists— Councillor STOTT: I rise to a point of order. It is not a question of employing trade unionists but of the trade union rate of wages. The Maxoa: We see it from a different point of view. Councillor MAOISM said that if Councillor Stott's resolution were passed it would mean that it would be impossible, absolutely impossible, for a clever working man or a working man of ambition to get past that mediocre position in which he might be placed. Un- fortunately trade unions had during the last few years worked unwisely with the result that a workingman would never be able to rise to the position of an em- ployer. The position of the employer would under these circumstances become hereditary and workmen would remain workmen all their lives. He would always like to see the energetic, industrious and persevering man with a chance of rising. These extremists wanted sato be reapers and not sowers. (Hear, hear.) They all came in at the harvest but never didanything to put a plough to the ground or sow. As to this very innocent look- ing motion, he had no objection to it as a motion or to the punishment as a punishment, but he did object to the ridiculous standing order which had already been passed on Councillor Stott's motion, and particularly No. 3, which stated that no contractor should sub-con- tract without the consent of the Council. Was there a single individual manufacturer whom they could ask in this way to give away the secrets of his trade? Councillor STOTT : We are not discussing what was dene two months ago. The MA.YOR : The one arises out of the other in this instance. Councillor MA GNNN I know you have threatened me in St. John's Ward, and, , of course, your object now is to prevent me explaining the Standing Orders. Continuing, he reiterated his question as to whether there was a single manufacturer who manufactured a part only of the goods he supplied who was likely to go to the Council and give away the secrets of his trade by saying that he bought this or that from such and such a man. Was it likely that if he sold furniture he would tell the buyer of whom he bought it? It was a ridiculous standing order. It was a standing disgrace to commonsense. The "reapers" were the only people who would frame such a standing order, and then come on with this proposed penalty. It more than met the crime ; it would kill the criminal. (Laughter.) He objected to the motion because it was a support to the ridiculous "No. 3" standing order. He would oppose it for all he was worth. He wished the public to know that at the next monthly meeting he would do his best to rescind the ridiculous stand- ing order and that whether he was returned again for St. John's or not. Alderman SMETHURST said the resolution was one of the most intolerable and un English resolutions ever put on paper.(Hear,hear ).Here they had a resolution brought in by a gentleman like Mr. Stott, to penalize the trades- people of that town. After the last meeting a great many people—tradespeople of that town—had protested to him against it, and he had there a letter from a big firm thanking him for his services. They pointed out that they had men in their employ earning ,C 2 ss. and ' £2 10s. who if they were of the stamp Councillor Stott would like, would have to accept their 20s. or 255. a week. It was a ridiculous thing for any gentleman to go and listen to such resolutions, let alone pass them. (Hear, hear). He hoped the Council would do as before, and decline to pass it. (Hear,hear). Councillor WILKINSON was sorry the Council had rambled so from the point. Many years ago they passed a standing order of the Council, which ruled and

===== 0002601_19041029_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
were able to live up)ri. He resented the insinintion that he had anything against the printing trade. There seemed to be a possibility that the Standing Order would be rescinded at the next meeting, and if that was so there would be no need to consider a penalty clause. HA would like to point out to Councillor Magian, who said he had much respect for trade unionists, that they, as trade unionists, would value his respect more and would be much more satisfied with it, if in his capacity as an employer he would only set an example and pay the proper rate of wages. (Cries of "Oh! ") Councillor MAGINN (heatedly) : I object to this. Alderman SMETHURST•: SO do I.

Councillor MAGINN : I object to it, and lam pre- pared to give £lO to the Warrington Infirmary if I don't pay 10s. a week more to any man I employ than any trade unionist in the town in the same trade. _

Alderman SNIETI4URST : That is so. We are getting to it.

Councillor MAGINN : This sort of thing must be put an end to at once. If the Council had a few weeks ago put their foot down we should never have had this thing to-day. Alderman' SNIETHURST : This is nothing to what it will be.

Councillor STOTT : lam not in the habit of indulg- ing in personalities,but I do believe in retaliation though not of the Balfourian type. The MAYOR: Don't introduce politics. Councillor STOTT : If you had not allowed Councillor Maginn to make such nasty insinuations about what I was trying to do I would not have attempted to deal personally with him, but I assure you he does not pay to cabinet makers the standard rate of wages.

Councillor MAGI, facing Counallor Stott, exclaimed : If you make that statement again I'll pull your head off. r don't allow any man to stand to my face and blackguard me. (Excitement and cries of "Vote, vote.")

The Ma.voit.: Now, Mr. Stott. Councillor STOTT : If I have said anything untrue I apologise to you and to Councillor Maginn. Perhaps in the heat of the moment one does say things one ought not to do, and we are completely out of order to-night in discussing the matter. In the circumstances I with- draw the resolution.

The MAYOR: That is the best thing to do. (Hear, hear.)

===== 0002601_19041029_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
INFECTIOUS DISEASES.

Professor W. R Smith Lectures on Their Cause and Prevention.

CONSUMPTION NOT HEREDITARY.

At the Parr Hall on Wednesday evening the first of a course of popular health lectures arranged by the Health Committee of the frown Council in conjunction with the Royal Institute of Public Health, wasdelivered by Professor Wm. R. Smith, M.D., D. Sc., F.R.S. (Edinburgh), President of the Royal Institute of Public Health, whose subject was "Infectious diseases: their causes and their prevention." Although the exception- ally modest charge of one penny was made for admis- sion, ,there was but a moderate attendance. Alderman Sutton, chairman of the Health Committee, presided. Professor SMITH said the object of the lectures was to bring home to the listeners a few points in connec- i tion with the important subject of the public health 1 which would, it was hoped, not only give them a more I intelligent concern in those matters which tended to the preservation of their own health, but would also lead them to appreciate some of the reasons which guided the Council as the public health authority of their district in the action which from time to time they took under the powers vested in them by the various Acts of Parliament. Sanitary science, about which so much had been said during the past few years, had for its aim the prevention of disease, the preserva- tion of health, and the prolongation of life—in other words, the maintenance of our people in a state of the highest efficiency for the labours of peace or the struggles of war. That night he ,would confine his remarks to that branch of the science which concerned nations or communities. The subject was • large and comprehensive, for it dealt with persons of every rank of both sexes and of every age. It took cognisance of the places and houses in which they lived of their occupations and modes of life, of thel food they ate and the water they drank. The professor em- phasised the value of studying the past history of • disease, for it taught them that several fatal epidemics, , some imported and some bred at home, had ceased to I trouble us because we had given up the habits which I welcomed or produced them, while some endemic maladies had disappeared with a wide and better culti- vation of the soil and others with the spread of commerce and the increase in the number I and variety of our articles of food. By I vaccination much suffering had been averted and many lives saved. Cure or alleviation was the aim ;of the physician prevention that of the sanatarian. I The oneconsidered the unit, the other the welfare, of the mass. Health, it was but a mere commonplace to say, was the greatest of all blessings—the mainspring of bodily strength and mental efficiency and the ! principal source of comfort and enjoyment. Disease, ;in proportion to its degree and duration, was rsynonymous with suffering more or less severe and failure more or less complete. It had also a relation to the State. Labour and capital, might be said to be the two pillars on which the iState rested. Disease paralysed labour I and wasted capital. Professor Smith briefly sketched the life of Pasteur who he said, raised the veil which for centuries had covered infectious diseases for he dis- covered their microbean origin.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSUMPTION.

No disease had of late years perhaps created so much attention both on the part of the State and the public as tuberculosis. Three Royal commissions within our time had been appointed to report on the question and there was a general disposition to provide suitable sanatoria for the treattrient of the disease. Death from tuberculous disease in all its forms had steadily fallen from 3,483 per million during the decade 1851 to 1860 to 2,000 during the decade 1890 to 1899, a diminu- tion of 409 per cent. There had been a further decrease to 1,899 in 1900, making a total reduction of 454 per cent. Also for every age period for which statistics had been obtained there had been a decrease, sometimes of a marked character. The world was deeply indebted to that eminent scientist, Dr. Koch,for his most brilliant discovery which enabled us to know the exact cause of the disease and to devise means to retard its progress and cause its destruction. Before the discovery, consumption was always consid- ered to be an hereditary diSease and the greatest pains were taken to trace the disease to some worthy or un- worthy ancestor whenever it attacked, as it often did, our fairest and best beloved. But all that was now a thing of the past. The disease was only transmitted through the agency of the bacillus, and that being the case heredity as we ordinarily used the term could account for very few, in fact none of the oases of tuberculosis that occurred either in man or animals. Children did not inherit tuberculosis from their parents although undoubtedly they might inherit such a weak- ness of constitution and of the different parts of the body as would enable them to harbour and nourish the parasites which had caused such trouble to the parents. All that was necessary to enable the child to withstand the attacks of the bacillus was to strengthen the tissues and build up the constitution with good food, fresh air, sunlight, and plenty of exercise, and try to place the child in such conditions that the bacillus could not obtain access to it. There would then come a time when a resistance on the part of the child would be built up, as effective as that possessed by a healthy child born of healthy parents. While some persons were more prone to it as to other diseases by having debilitated constitutions, living unhealthy lives or living amidst insanitary surroundings, every case of consumption must arise from some pre-exist- ing case. The lecturer showed bow a great reduction in the number of deaths from consumption was due to improved sanitary measures, and a higher standard of comfort and cleanliness. The disease was contagious, being communicated from person to person and from animal to man, and it did not arise in any way. If the disease had been in any way com- parable to the infectious diseases with which we were more actively concerned, steps would have been taken long ago by the sanitary authorities to banish the sources of infection. The two chief causes of infection were the sputum coughed up by people suffering from consumption, and the milk given by cows sufferirg from tuberculous udders. The Professor showed how uncleanliness, bad ventilation, and intemperance were all causes of tuberculosis, and particularly urged his hearers to note the desirability of fresh air by night and day for themselves and their children. "Do not be afraid "he said "to open your windows and keep them open. Allow no lodgment of dust or dirt in your dwellings. Remember that moist cleansing is better than mere sweeping."

SMALLPDX. Dealing with this disease, Professor Smith said he was given to understand that they were a very enlightened population in Warrington. There might be one or two so-called conscientious objectors but they were very few and far between. (Applause.) The sub- ject of smallpox and vaccination during the past two years had naturally engrossed much attention particu- larly in London, where an epidemic had occurred, and the subject of vaccination must shortly come again before Parliament. The lecturer alluded to the dis- covery of the efficacy of vaccination by Edward Jenner and pointed out that the injection of the lymph pre- vented smallpox in a great number of cases and when it did not prevent attacks it mitigated their severity. He quoted striking figures to bear out his statement and emphasised the fact that in spite of the loathsome nature of smallpox in its severer forms the disease was not serious when aperson was vaccinated. The Professor then touched upon diphtheria and the value of treat- ment by the anti-toxic serum. MEASLES.

This disease, he understood, was unfortunately too prevalent in Warrington. lie was given to understand that the popular idea about the disease held 'good here. A great many mothers thought it was necessary for a child to have measles and the sooner it had the disease the better. If a child was not going to get the measles easily and it happened that another child had measles

in the house he had known of parents putting the healthy child in the same bed with the measly child in order that the disease might be con- tracted. He would impress upon his hearers that all the other infectious diseases he had referred to put together did not produce a mortality as great as that produced by measles which was the most fatal of all infectious diseases. There was no necessity in the world for a child to have measles, no more than there was a necessity for it to have pthisis, scarlet fever or diphtheria. Unfortunately it was extremely infectious, perhaps the most infectious of all infectious diseases. Children who were subject to measles ought to be taken the greatest possible care of ; they should be kept in and prevented from catching cold. The lecturer asked his hearers to bear in mind that there was a duty to one's neighbour in the matter of isolation. He also remarked that the local educatioa authority were to be congratulated upon having realised the importance of medical science in connection:with their schools and in loppointing such an eminent man as the Medical Officer of Health for Warrington to be their medical officer. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19041029_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
SCARLET FEVER.

They did not, said the LECTURER, know the cause of this disease and it was therefore extremely difficult to deal with. It was a serious disease, and the Warring- ton health authority as represented by the Town Council had erected hospitals for the treatment of it. He had heard with very great satisfaction that a very large percentage, something like 92 or 94, of the total cases of scarlet fever in this town obtained access to the hospital. There was perhaps a doubt in the minds of some as to the wisdom of the provision of infectious hospitals, but he had no doubt %whatever that such an institution was.a great boon to a community such as this. The provision in Warrington was very admirable and deserved every possible encouragement. In conclusion the Professor asked his hearers to take a deeper interest in the subject of preventive medicine and to give every possible encouragement to their representatives on the Town Council to carry out in an energetic manner all preventive measures for the preservation of the health of the inhabitants. The care of the public health was the duty of all interested in the progress and welfare of the nation. (Applause.) VOTE OF THANKS.

_ Alderman SUTTON moved a move of thanks to Pro- fessor Smith for his lecture. He said the Health Com- mittee were anxious that as many inhabitants of War- rington as possible should attend the course of lectures in order that they might gain information which would be of great value to them in life. (Hear, hear). He expressed regret that, with such an eminent lecturer, the hall was not crowded that night, as every encourage- ment had been afforded to the people to come. Mr. C. WHITE '3econded. He assured the audience that n.s the oldest practitioner in the town he considered the lecture the most valuable and instructive that could have been delivered on such an important subject. Pre- vention was ten times better than cure, and if everyone took to heart what the Professor had said about good air,fgood water, cheerful and well-lighted homes, and plenty of exercise, the doctors would suffer very much. (Laughter.) If the people took the lessons thoroughly to heart there would be a differont state of things in Warrington. There was plenty for the Health Com- mittee to do, although what had been already done was exceedingly creditable to them. _

The motion was heartily agreed to, and in returning thanks, Professor SMITH paid a tribute to Alderman Sutton's interest in all thatconcerned the public health.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

TILE WIDNES ASSAULT CASE.

Peter Hill, 57 Tunnel-road, Liverpool, was again remanded at Widnes, on Thursday, for a week on the char,re of maliciously wounding Alfred Ernest Johnson, Widnes-road, on the 19th inst. Superintendent Strick- land said that his condition was qnly slightly improv- ing, and he would have to ask for a further remand for a week. The bench granted this, and bail of one £5O and two sums of 220. WIDNES GIRL JUMPS OFF ABRIDGE.

_ At Widnes, on Thursday, Annie Jackson, Denton- street, Widnes, was ordered to go to a Wesleyan Home. On Wednesday last she attempted to commit suicide by jumping off the railway bridge at Appleton on to the Cheshire Lines Railway—a distance of eighteen feet. A goods train was approaching at the time, but her perilous position was noticed by two platelayers, who carried her into a place of safety, and thence to her home. She told her rescuers that at home they were always "pick- ing" at her, and she wished she was dead. She wept bitterly in court, and promised not to repeat the attempt again and to go to a home provided for her, nd stay there until a situation was found for her.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

IMPOSING ON AN EARLESTOWN DOCTOR. On Thursday at Newton-le-Willows, James Heskin, aged twenty-two, a Liverpool youth, who has been an inmate of the Liverpool Reformatory School, Newton- le-Willows, was charge(' with attempting to obtain £1 by false pretences from Dr. Harold E. Watkins, on the 14th inst. It was stated that the prisoner asserted that his father had had his skull fractured at Garston Docks, and the compensation having been reduced to a few shillings a week unless financial assistance could be ob- tained they would be turned out of their house.—Pris- oner, who had a bad rec(4rd, was sent to gaol for three months. EARLESTOWN PASSIVE RESISTERS.

Eight passive resisters were up at Newton-le-Willows Police Court on Thursday for the non-payment of the education rate. The Rev. J. Allatt (Congregational pastor) was summoned for 3s. 1,1 d„ Rev. A. Rollason (Primitive Methodist) 6s. 6d., Messrs. J. Percival 35., Rowland King 7s. 6d., J. Wood 3s. 5d., Joseph Austin s.lld.,George S. King 16s. 6d.,Edward J. George 12s. Gd, and in each case the usual order was made. BURTONWOOD FARMERS FINED AT NEWTON.

On Thursday, at Newton-le-Willows, Edwin Fair- dough, farmer, of Burtonwood, was fined 10s. and costs for cruelty to a horse, which was said to have had ca,nkered feet so badly that the feet were rotten and the bone exposed. The defence was that defendant followed the instructions of the inspector, tried to cure the disease, and was guilty of an error of judgment in turning the animal out to grass.—William Haslam, also a farmer at Burtonwood, was charged with cruelty to a horse by allowing it to be in the roadway with a lame leg. It transpired that defendant had sold the animal "seen or unseeß," and the man who purchased it on learning that the animal was lame preferred to lose his money than take possession. Defendant was fined 10s. and costs.

CATARRH. EVERY FOURTH PERSON YOU MEET HAS IT. AN INSIDIOUS AND DANGEROUS DISEASE. WORSE THAN BRONCHITIS. Catarrh commences frequently by running at the nose; sets up inflammation of the mucus membrance of the nose and throat followed by a stopped up feeling in the nose and dropping of mucus in the throat. It partially stops up the air vesicles of the lungs, inflames the bronchial surface, sets up catarrhal bronchitis or catarrhal asthma, accompanied by a dry or loose cough, difficulty in breathing with unpleasant hawking and ex - pectorating. The mucus thus secreted works its way down the alimentary canal to the stomach, catarrh of the stomach and intestines following. It then becomes a persistent constitutional disease, both dangerous and disagreeable leaving the patient very susceptible to coldtand every additional cold aggravates the symptoms until it affects the hearing and gradually the sense of smell and taste. VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE is the most efficient remedy for this disagreeable com- plaint. It acts directly upon the mucus surface,relieves the irritation,clbars the bronchial tubes and air vesicles and relieves the stopped up feeling in the nose. It is infinitely superior to any local treatment. It acts con- stitutionally, clears catarrh thoroughly out of the system; you feel better the first day; you begin to ' breathe freely through the nose and rest comfortably at ' night. Ask for VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE, 9.1. d., Is.IRI. and 2s. 9d. at Chemists everywhere.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
It w. shown luitted elide gi• be the 'to a ei directi. iect ba tion i 1 whethe finely, Which throug of cont hit elm Path. ball m.

Whe strikes object the sa revers( time t Other riliout4 time t Object alde is

Ironic ball. the b, and I angle SeCtet

differ be ye that react the lc consi

===== 0002601_19041029_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
In ti Pace at a ch cont

===== 0002601_19041029_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
44t-

I

• - ,title'' Ltd.' abridg°

....- eo htiig;d erPlesst le 60 teto nig ,- II octe' -A V°7l "0 I.r b°t ,t, 2.

oril °co° _ee ,1-8 la°, 'broug-t) ricoln• 7,

rotloll lasrdej3l) stgcrioocer . f •

hair tit: gre.t. Ce3'l,iloo 0.0.0°0 48eir eveffol ; Id uftoo*

===== 0002601_19041029_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
RED.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
-24ingir" • -; _ _ _

t=f r..m3 r*. ;46

===== 0002601_19041029_art0118.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
... _.,,

===== 0002601_19041029_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
4, 7oF ;O.

, 70;. Le Clt a on 3eiri ion, Nek at al me. per

r-1 1.-

MIEST,

rarringt°3

Goof ..----

LS

===== 0002601_19041029_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
-----

BILLIARDS. THE STROKES OF THE GAME.

IEL lii3 C) Xi 71hTI.

[COPYRIGHT.]

SlDE.—continued.

It will have been noticed that in the stroke 13hown on Diagram 19 (last week), the side trans Initted to the object ball is the reverse of the 6ide given to the cue ball, and this must always be the case with transmitted side. Side is given to a cue ball by striking it on its edge in the direction it afterwards travels, whereas an ob- ,ject ball can never be hit on its edge in the direc- tion it afterwards travels. For no matter whether an object 'ball be hit very full or quite finely, it must always travel in the direction Which is a continuation of a line passing through the centres of the balls at the moment ,Of contact, so that an object ball is really always nit exactly on the centre as regards its ultimate Dath. The side that is transmitted to an object hall must therefore be imparted to it in quite a ,different manner from the way side is imparted le a cue ball. When a cue ball rapidly rotating with side Strikes another ball, the tendency is to cause the the ball to rotate the reverse way, much in the same way that two cog wheels revolve in reverse directions. As, however, the duration of time that the balls are in contact with each Other (when away from any cushion) is such a Minute fraction of a second, the cue ball has no time to give more than a rotatory rub to the °biect ball, and this is the reason why so little side is transmitted to an object ball.

DIAGRAM 20.

TEE sew-back cannon.—lf the cue ball be struck With plenty of side a slight amount is trans- tatted to the object ball.

In many cases the side transmitted to an ob- iect ball appears to be more than it really is. The stroke shown on Diagram 20 illustrates a ease in point. Let it be assumed that a screw back cannon without side is played, and that the red is struck in such a manner as to cause it to travel down the table and back again as shown 133, the thick intersected line. If instead of having played the stroke without any side, strong right hand side had been imparted to the cue ball, the red ball would have had a little side transmitted to it, and this, as already explained, 'Would be the reverse of the side given to the cue ball. The red ball would therefore have struck the baulk cushion with just slight left-hand side. and would have come off at a slightly different angle, more or less, as shown by the thin inter- eeeted line on the diagram, and 'though the ,difference between the two angles must always 'be very, little indeed, yet, owing to the distance that the object ball has to travel before it leaches the top cushion, the two different lines of the ball's return may impinge on the cushion a considerable distance from each other. . * * • • * • * *

A fact that is quite unknown to the ordinary Player, and even to many good players, is that a cushion may impart side to a cue ball or an Object, ball. On tables with very fast cushions Made of soft yielding rubber, the amount of side which under certain circumstances may be com- Municated to a ball by a cushion is often very uoticeable indee4 ; especially is this so if the cushions have a very sharp nose. On tables with such cushions the stroke shown on Diagram 22 can be played.

DIAGRAM 21,

The Ordinary angle of reflection of a nlai stroke; ,slow to medium pace.

" An exam nigh-speed resilient c'

_ .ch very cushioni

If, however, the cushions are very yielding, and the cue-ball (aimed at the same point on the oppo- site cushion and without any side) be struck with great force, the cushion will throw it off nearly straight across the table, and the rebound from the second cushion will often be at a considerable angle towards baulk as shown on Diagram 22; so that when it has finished rolling the ball may, easily be considerably nearer the baulk line than the part of the cushion which was first struck. Diagram 22 shows this eccentric angling of a plain fast ball, which occurs more or less on all tables with very resilient cushions. The reason that such a stroke occurs with very yielding cushions is as follows :—When a ball strikes a very resilient cushion with great •force the ball (provided the angle of incidence is not very acute) is pressed so much into the rubber that the ordinary angle of reflection is quite destroyed, and the cushion throws the ball off at an angle more or less approaching a right angle. When, however, a cushion throws a ball off in this :planner it also imparts a con- siderable amount •of side to it (the ball apparently gets a twist owing to its being buried in the cushion and thrown off at an angle totally different from the ordinary angle of re- flection) and this side is often very plainly notice- able when the ball strikes the second cushion. Diagram 22 shows the effect of this cushion- imparted side, which, of course, takes effect when the second cushion is struck. (To be Continued.)

Mr. Riso Levi will be pleased to answer in tires* tolumns all questions relative to the article appearing ,weekly, and as far. possible any questions on other points in connection with the game of Billiards. Envelopes should be marked "Billiards."

imparts side to the ball, the effect of writer/ tir often very marked on contact with the second une try for Oldham,and Ferguson landed a penalty goal, cushions. while Newbould placed a goal for Wakefield. The Old- ham backs played well,and the best team won. Result— ,. Oldham, 1 goal 1 try (5 points) ; Wakefield, 1 goal (2 points).

HULL v. BRADFORD. At Hull, before 10,000 people. Bradford had thebest of an excitino. half, Dechan scoring twice, and Mosby converting. 'Goddard placed a penalty for Hull, and at the interval Bradford led by 10 points to 2. A bad kick by Taylor let Eagers in. Hull had several oppor- tunities, but they failed to accept them. Freear scored for Hull. Result—Bradford, 13 points; Hull, 5 points, LEIGH V. RUNCORN.

WlPlayed at Leig'., before 2,000 spectators. In the first ' half play was exciting, and after fine passing Neville scored brilliantly for Leigh, Dunbavin failing at goal. In the second half, Burgess, from Dunbavin's pa§s,scored trickily for Leigh, no goal resulting. Then Richardson dashed through the Leigh team and scored, Price failing at goal. Final—Leigh, 2 tries; Runcorn, 1 try.

The Examiner, Saturday, October 29, 1904.

11111,

===== 0002601_19041029_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
HALIFAX v. LEEDS.

On Hanson-lane ground. There would be 10,000 spectators present when a start was made. Leeds had the best of the opening stages, but Halifax were the first to score, Marshall getting over at the corner from a kick by Williams. ON restarting Leeds played up strongly Evans scoring a try, Littlewood failing. Little gave Halifax the lead with a splendid dropped goal. Result—Halifax, 5 points ; Leeds, 3 points. HUNSLET v. HULL KINGSTON ROVERS.

At Hunslet. In the first half Phipps scored for the visitors, and Horsfall for Hunslet. Immediately after the interval West scored a try, Medley improving. Hunslet now began to exert themselves, and two goals were scored in rapid succession by Walter Goldthorpe. Barry scored for the Rovers. Medley easily improved. Uttley then scored for lilunslet, Goldthorpe improving. Result—Hull, 2 goals 3 tries (13 points) : Hunslet, 3 goals 2 tries (12 points),

===== 0002601_19041029_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
SALFORD v. SWINTON.

Played at Weaste in fine weather, before 14,000 peo- ple. From the start Swinton attacked, and the home side being penalised Flynn kickeda goal. Simister also scored a try for Swinton in the second half. Swinton still held the advantage, and Williamson scored grandly Flynn failing at goal. Brown registered a try for Sal- ford. Result—Swinton, 1 goal 2 tries (8 points) ; Sal- ford, 1 try (3 points). BROUGHTON RANGERS v. BATLEY.

Played at Broughton, before 3,000 spectators. Neither side was at full strength, and, though the ran- gers had all the play in the first half, there was no score at the interval. In the second half, Harry scored an improved try for Broughton, and Sampson kicked a goal. Davies obtained a try for Batley. Final— Broughton Rangers, 2 goals 1 try (7 points) ; Batley, 1 try (3 points).

===== 0002601_19041029_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

WIGAN " A " v. !WARRINGTON "A."

These teams with an unbeaten record met at Wigan before 6,000 spectators. Wigan pressed from a couple of free kicks, but Jones spoiled a passing movement by sticking to the leather. Duckworth and Davies removed hostilities by a combined effort, and a mull between Green and Sharrock looked dangerous. The Wigan forwards went away with a rush, and reached the visitors' "25." Wigan were awarded a free kick, and Sharrock's attempt at goal was only a few inches wide. Warrington'attacked after the drop out. A brilliant piece of passing, in which all the visitors' backs handled the leather, ended in Brookes scoring near the corner flag. Knight added a goal. The Warrington men were warmly cheered for this, and a subsequent effort gained considerable ground. The Wigan backs mulled re- peatedly, though on one occasion Carey made a fine breakaway. Warrington, however, continued to have the best of the game, and Jones was tackled under the Winn posts. Half-time :—Warrington " A," 1 goal 1 try (5 points); Wigan " A." nothing. The visitors again attacked on resuming,and Sharrocks bad a kick charged down. Carey was to the fore with another breakaway, but nothing resulted. The Wigan backs played very poorly, Jones giving a weak dis- play at half. The game was stopped for a few minutes pwing to an injury to Knight, who afterwards resumed. Hector scored a grand try for Wigan. The same player failed at goal. Warribgton had the better of matters after this and Forster scored two tries, the final result being : Warrington, 1 goal 3 tries (11 points) ; Wigan 1 goal 1. try (5 points). , OLDHAM (A) v. ROCHDALE HORNETS (A).

At Oldham. The chief interest in this match from the Oldham point of view lay in the appearance of the new centre threequarter whose services Oldham have secured. His name is Thomas McLean, and he played last season with the Cardiff Reserve, and for the early part of this season he operated at centre in the Cardiff first team. He gave an exhibition of his ability to a delighted crowd at Watersheddings, and gave abundant evidence of being a promising recruit. He scored two tries and kicked the only goal of the match, and repeatedly showed that he is a sprinter. The game was a very one-sided affair. The scorers for Oldham were Oardner, Williams, McLean and Lewis. Final : Oldham (A), 1 goal 7 tries (23 points) ; Rochdale Hornets (A), nil.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE JUNIOR LEAGUE.

WALKER'S BREWERY (WARRINGTON) T. RUNCORN JUNIORS.—A handsome victory for the brewery team was the result of this match at Warrington. The home team were early on the aggressive, and after Lloyd had opened out the game, Allen scored a try. The goal kick failed. The local forwards headed by L. Faulkner and Boardman, broke away, and Boardman eventually scored Hewitt converted. Lloyd again set his backs in motion, and Jackson ran over at the corner. Before the inter- val Jackson again got over, but no'goal resulted. Half- time :—Walker's 14 points ; Runcorn, nil. On resuming, the visitors seemed to play more determinedly, but Lloyd, with one of his tricky runs, again put the home team on the aggressive. They now had matters all their own way, and Roscoe scored, Timmins converting. Before the finish Lloyd again set the backs going, and Allen ran in. The kick at goal failed. Final score : Walker's Brewery, 22 points; Runcorn Juniors, nil.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIENDLY MATCH.

WARRINGTON ST. JOHN'S V. CADISHEAD.—PIayed on the ground of the latter on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the visitors by one goal to nil.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY DO THE PUBLIC BUY VI-COCOA?

Do you know that your mental health depends very much on your bodity health, and, therefore, on your food. Thousands of people, who 'list tried Vi-Cocoa as an experiment and now use it daily, have ascertained this fact. We again repeat that not only your physical health and strength depends on the proper regulation of your diet, but also your moral character and your intellectual and commercial progress. "Then I will try Vi-Cocoa," you say—and then fcrget to do so, although we are daily publishing the striking testimony of men and women who confirm our state- ment that Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa is indeed the perfect Food Beverage of the People. There is no cheaper or better article on the market. It is sold by all grocers and Stores in 6d. packets, and 9d. and Is. 6d. tins; or you can try it absolutely free by writing (a post card will do) to Vi-Cocoa, Ltd., 60, Bunhill Row, London, E.C., for a dainty sample tin.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. The following are the Warringtcn and District League table g up-to-date: Goals

FIRST DIVISION.

P.W. L. D. For Agst Pts. Warrington Albions 4 4 0 0 9 1 8 . _ _ _

Stockt6n Heath

LLmm 3 2 1 0 8 4 4 WaTington St. Mary's ..t 4 2 2 0 3 5 4 Earlestown Y.M.C.A Latchford Britannia Crosfields Thelwall 4 0 3 1 3 8 1 Orford Barracks

SECOND DIVISION.

Stockton Heath Res

Albion Res. Latchford Christ Church Vulcan A.F.O Warrington Central Croak)lds Res Penketh 5 2 2 1 7 10 5

Widnes St. Ambrose St. Barnabas 7 2 4 1 10 13 5 Widnes St. Paul's 4 1 2 1 6 7 3 *Warrington St. Paul's 6 1 2 3 12 15 3 St. Mary's Res 7 1 5 1 6 19 3 Daresbury * Two points delucted for playing ineligible man.

The Ortgitia.l Coc.oa, and a Speciality,

===== 0002601_19041029_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
p 9

being distinguished from all others by its invigorating nutritious qualities and its delicious flavour. This Cocoa, con- taining as it does all the substance of the Cocoa Nib, maintains its leading position after three-quarters of a ,Century as

===== 0002601_19041029_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
COCOA

the best form of Cocoa for every-day use.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
Cairo-street Literary and Debating Society. At a meeting of the above society held on Tuesday evening, an interesting and highly instructive dis- cussion took place on the temperance question. On being called upon by the chairman to move "That this society is in favour of total abstinence," Mr. Fred Sherburn very ably opened the debate by speaking of the baneful efk'ct of alcohol on the physical and the mental system. He also drew attention to the vast numbers of people who, through habits of intemper- ance, found their way into the workhouses,prisons,and lunatic-asylums. Further, he pointed out that a great deal of the bribery which took place at elections was ' due to the influence of drink, and held, that, in view of , the many evils resulting from intemperance, abstinence from alcoholic liquors for the sake of ex-, ample, was worthy of all right-minded people. Laters Mr. John Monks was called upon to move "That this society approves of temperance."and,in the course of a well-conceived address, explained his attitude towards the temperance cause. Although he had no reason whatever to disapprove of total abstinence on the part of those who were willing to follow it out, he did not think that any serious objection could be raised to a moderate use of alcohol. Speaking• of pledges, he said that, personally, he did not approve of their use, inasmuch as they restricted the freedom of the will, and were in most cases taken during early youth, when the individual was ,incapable of realizing the responsibility he or she was undertaking. He also made a reference .to the power of acquired character over heredity, Pad maintained that a temperate use of alcoholic lig, ors often needed the exercise of will- power, and thus helped to develop it. Several others took part in the discussion, and, when the motions were put to the vote sixteen members sided with Mr. Sherhurn and five with Mr. Monks.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR NOTES.

Very general dissatisfaction is expressed at the fact that steam cars were not allowed to compete against petrol vehicles at the recent Blackpool races. .

In one case, the entrance fee had actually been accepted, but when the gentleman went to Blackpool to receive his number and permit, he was informed that steam cars would be debarred from competing, save in a class by themselves, and was offered the return of his entry fee. And he very rightly contends, the word "automobile "explains itself, and whether a vehicle is propelled by petrol, oil, electricity or steam, it is an automobile all the same. Therefore, if the races are for automobiles, one kind of car is as eligible for com- petition as another.

It is to be hoped that some sort of reasonable explan- ation will be forthcoming for the extraordinary conduct. Otherwise, if the matter be allowed to drop, one can hardly wonder that so many of the disappointed motorists, who had hoped to race their own steam cars, should declare that the trade element is far too rampant in the Automobile Club and that dangerous rivals are unscrupulously excluded from any competition wherein it is possible that they may shine.

The Duryea Company have also a grievance with refer- ence to the very same meeting. The ordinary rules were so amended that in the two-seated class only four- wheeled cars, Should be eligible. We believe that the Duryea is one of the very few cars entered for •speed trials which is not fitted with the regulation four wheels; but this is by the way. The price limit being advanced to £2so,the company removed the single steering wheel, and replaced it by a standard axle and pair of steering wheels, thus converting the phaatonette into a phteton. The car won its heat by 11 seconds,which was equal to about 400 yards in the mile—but a protest was lodged by the driver on the second car on the ground that the Duryea was too cheap for its class. The pro- test was upheld and the speedy Duryea was disqualified, in spite of the perfectly reasonable explanation offered and the fact that no four-wheeled Duryea phaeton, hav- ing, like this one, only the single circulation system, has yet been sold at a price exceeding £2so—the price limit of the class in which it was entered.

The fact of the matter is that, for some reason, very few of these race meetings appear to be managed in a satisfactory manner. If the rules which are supposed to govern them were to be clearly drawn up and then ragidly adhered to, no one would grumble but there seems to be too much changing at the last moment, partly owing to the careless phrasing of the regulations. and partly to the deplorable practice of some of the committee exercising a quality they refer to as their "discretion." There was a similar muddle and con- sequent dissatisfaction over the races in the Isle of Man last spring and the worst of it is that no one seems to learn from the past mistakes, for the mismanagement of the Phcenix Park races of last year should surely have taught a life-long lesson.

A PERFECT LEMON. JELLY. For the exquisite flavour of Ripe Lemons there are no Table Jellies to equal Eiffel Tower Lemon 14el1ies. Beautifully clear and they always set.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
TURNBULL'S GUARANTEED PURE CANE MOLASSES STOCK FOODS. BEST AED CHEAPEST, ONLY AS PER TON. It is advisable, when possible, to order in lots of 2 tons to get benefit of the minimum railway rates. ARTHUR F. TURNBULL, 30 Manic LANE. LONDON, E.G.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0133.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WOMMM

===== 0002601_19041029_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
Taken in

time

a

D 4 / ' '

.3 a

A disease neglected inevitably means health lost. No one can afford to be ill. Sickness is costly, painful and dangerous. When you commence to feel run down, give Nature a friendly lift. Help it to throw off the impurities that clog the system. There is nothing like

c, , . .: ~ ,

p

I

A

H

L ~,

IVI

L

S

s

to put the Bowels in good working order, to repair the Liver, to improve the Digestion and banish Headache and Insomnia. A few doses will make you feel like yourself. Beecham's Pills will do this. They prove all they claim. They save time, worry and expense.

save

dangerous

ills.

Sold Everywhere In Boxes, price lis. lid. (56 pills), and 2a. 9d. (168 pills).

PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

llnglish and Foreign Picture Frames. Bvery requisite for the trade. Regilding A Speciality. Largest stocX of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTBRN BOOK. 160 pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. IMPORTBR OF GLASS. GLASS STOCK LISTS FRBB ON APPLICATION.

H. MORELL, 17, 18, CHEAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON W.C. , Warehouses : 11, 12:and 13, Neal 's Yard, and 41, Neal Street, (in the rear). Telegraphic: Address:—" Rabbitry, fondon: Telephone 6135 Central

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No. 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used In the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. Once tried, always wanted, ARM OLD LEVEN LIKE NEW

greatest boon ever offered to the Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish tostarchedLinen.Laces.eto It does not stick to spider-web-like materials. S old everywhere in Packets at id.. 3d.. and 6d.. each.

fl

, 1. • •

a 4, itif The

===== 0002601_19041029_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPARED ONLY BY

T. CRITCFILEY. Chemist. BLACKBURN 7, Whiter.,•ii treet, London, B.C.

KEARSLEY'S‘O YEARS RENTAI WIDOW WELCH'S 177. MALE ?ILLS.

Awarded Certificatelot Meritifor the cure of all irregular!. ties, anemia. and all female complaints. They have the approval of the Medical Profession. Beware of Imitations, The only genuine and original are in White Paper Wrappers. Boxes le ltd and 2s 9d of all chemists, or by post. Is. 24. and $. 10d. Makers, C and G KRARSLEY, 42, Waterloo Road2London S.B.,(late of 17, North street, Westminster). Bute White Wrapper.] Sold in the Coloaies,

KEATING, S LOZENGES EASILY CURE THE WORST COUGH. One gives relief. An increasing sale . of over So years is a certain test of their . value. Sold in Tins 14d. each.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
• Is e Wonderful water proofer for BOOTS & HABIVESS. Sof_ Dales' tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow polish- ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL bEHIBITION HIGHEST. AWARDS. Ou'iihi n Tins sd.. 6d., 4'. ‘50216 of Boot Makers, Saddlers, bosom:meet.: &e..Manntacton, East Dulrtnci: London.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0137.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I •

===== 0002601_19041029_art0138.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'NM

===== 0002601_19041029_art0139.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19041029_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
fr , . - -

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Matter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paper and sent in, if possible, not later than Thursday. Sunday Trading. Sir,—As a Sunday school worker may I call the attention of all right thinking people to the great evil existing in our midst, namely—the opening of sweet and fruit shops on Sunday. There is one shop in particular in one of our principal streets, which is a crying dis- grace to our town. Young people of all ages throng the premises, and crowd the pavement all afternoon and evening. In school we teach the children the Command- ments of God. One of them is "Remember that thou keep holy the Sabbath day." How can we expect the children to remember our teaching, when they see so much frivolity and worldliness, and have as many oppor- tunities of buying sweets, &c., on Sundays as any other day. Let us loudly protest against Sunday trading in any form, remembering that " Six days shalt thou labour, but the seventh is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." A SUNDAY SCHOOL TEACHER. Non-Traders and Alderman Smethurst,

—A Challenge. Sir.—l notice in the report issued by the Non-Trad- ing Committee that in their criticism of my father, Alderman Smethurst, the expression is used "until the transfer of the business to his son, 'which. is stated to have taken place four years ago." As this cannot fail to cast a doubt on a bona fide transaction I shall be pleased to subscribe the sum of £lOO to the funds of the War- rington Infirmary if the Committee can prove that what was done at that time was not a genuine sale—legally completed. If they fail, then they ought te correct their report and make such amends as are considered reasonable by all right thinking people, as insinuations of this kind can only be intended to cast doubt on the disinterested service of one who has done his level best for the good of the town for many years past.— Yours truly, JAMES HENRY SNIETEIRST. The Old Foundry, October 28th, 1904. Our Unforgotten Dead.

7 Sir,—The movement having for its object the erection of a memorial in honour of the officers and men of the South Lancashire Regiment (regulars and volunteers) who gave their lives for their country during the late war in South Africa has been well to the fore now almost 12 months and the labours of the Executive Committee under . the presidency of his Worship the Mayor and also a the Workingmen's Committee for the raising of funds necessary for carrying out the work will in a few days be finally closed. Response from many sources candidly has been dis- appointing. The committee with which it has been my pleasure to be associated have arranged a high-class concert in aid of this memorial in the Parr Hall on Saturday November sth, and as this object cannot but deeply appeal to every loyal and patriotic heart I am sure at this eleventh hour those who have not already given their support to the movement will do so by attending the concert referred to or sending in their donations forthwith. Yours faithfully, D. DAVIES. Chairman Workingmen's Committee. Town Hall, Warrington. October 27th, 1904.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
The Gondoliers.

Sir,—Who would have thought, a couple of years ago that the Warrington Musical 'Society comprised mem- bers of both sexes endowed with such exceptional opetatic ability as was evident last tear and again last week? The "Yeomen of the Guard" was first responsible for this pleasant surprise and now "The Gondoliers" has gone one better, if that is possible. For years we have been indebted to this society for good music, but good music isn't everything. Music less good, or less classical, is much more appreciated by the majority of concert-goers, and after all, what is most to be desired is the greatest pleasure of the greatest num- ber. That that result has been accomplished goes without -saying. Can anyone, who saw the thousands of happy perspiring faces in the Parr Hall nightly, have a doubt about it? In addition to the pleasure, there is the profit—monetary—to be reckoned with and no doubt that will be satisfactory too. They say that the chorus have lost lbs. during their practice for the caehucha so the society has probably gained Rs in'consequence, though "nobody seemed one penny the worse." A prettier, more melodious dance has never been seen in Warrington,l am sure. It would be unfair. on my part, to criticise the singing of the "principals." I am not unduly musical but I know when lain pleased, and they have pleased me as much asany stars "of the first magnitude ever did, and more than many. The fact that we are familiar with the appearance of the members in their ordinary attire,and count many of them as personal friends, made it specially interesting, but it required more than one visit to find "who's who." OPEREITE.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Keir Hardie's Reply to Rev. H. Dunnico.

81r,—The following is a copy of letter received from Mr. J. Kier Hardie, IV.P., which I shall be glad if you will kindly publish in your next Saturday's issue. Yours faithfully, A. WARBURTON. , Secretary Warrington Branch of the Independent Labour Party. COPY.

Dear Sir,—l have your letter enclosing cutting from the Warrington " Examiner " which contains a letter signed Herbert Dunnico. Evidently this gentleman is a diligent diciple of those twin pillars of Christian truth aud national righteousness Messrs. W. M. Thompson and Horatio Bottomly. In the postscript to his letter Mr. Dunnico says " Thefollowin manifesto with special preface by rg Mr. Keir Hardie M.P., was issued by the Indepen- dent Labour Party some. time ago." He follows what purports to be a quotation. Needless to say no such document was issued either as a manifesto by, in the name of, on behalf of or as in any way expressing the opinions of the Independent Labour Party. The statement that it was, however, is quite on a par with the rest of Mr. Dunnico's letter. If people will shut their eyes to facts and greedily swallow statements made by designing knayes intended to mislead honest fools, that is their own look out. I hope to have the pleasure of addressing a War- rington audience shortly under your auspices and will be charmed if Mr. Dunnico will then be able to make it convenient to honour the gathering by his presence. In these days of semi-enligh it is a positive pleasure to know that such tenment cal heathen as Mr. Dunnico appears to a politi- struts aboutlin all the glory of primitive ignorance.— Yours very truly,

J. KEIR HARDIE.

Local Authorities and Poor Children. Sir,—Will you kindly allow me through your news- paper to make a few remarks, suggested by a paragraph in the electoral address of the Independent Candidate for the vacancy in Bewsey Ward. Mr. Skelland states what is perhaps a unique claim for seeking a place in the Council Chamber; yet his argument is a humane and at the same time a logical one. I was impressed by the phrase, "I am [of opinion that fit is the duty of each community to study the welfare of its poor children, believing that care for the body and good influences on the mind of the young are powerful factors for good on the menand women of the future."

The truth of this assertion is apparent to every think- ing individual. The depravity and misery, which exist in all our manufacturing towns, cannot be satisfactorily remedied by dealing with the present adult generation of that class,with which these deplorable conditions are associated. Their condition is due in a large measure to their environment, and to other causes too complex for me to enter into in this brief letter. We must re mem- ber that the first Elementary Education Acts only came into force a little over 30 years ago,and for a long time the practical teaching was limited to reading, writing, and reckoning. Training the children to reason, and to grapple with the problems of life has only been attempted within recent years. If we admit the truth of Mr. Skelland's argument. the authorities of a community ought to act as powerful auxiliaries to the work of the elementary schools. E.g. It is cruel to compel a child to go to school on a cold winter's morning on an empty stomach, and then scold and perchance thrash it for being "stupid." Again, no child can be healthy whilst its body is allowed to go unwashed for indefinite periods. it is not onlyan easy prey to disease itself, but it is a grave menace to the cleaner child who is compelled to associate with it at the schools. Free baths for these children are then desirable, nay they are imperatively necessary, for the sake of the general health of all the children. If facilities were granted for free bathing, I feel con- vinced that the alarming outbreaks of scarlet fever, measles, etc., so prevalent in Warrington,would become far less frequent, and the present very high death-rate be materially lowered. The Ragged School authorities are to be highly com- mended for their efforts in this direction. They have constructed a large plunge bath, and a great number of poor children, boys one night, girls another, get a waeltly cleansing which otherwise they would not get. One department of the Corporation (through the schools) is doing excellent work in developing the physique of the children—the Gymnasium. The questions I have referred to concern the welfare of the body, but lif the neglected children of to-day are to emerge into a better class of men and women they must receive wholesome influences whilst their minds are, to use a hackneyed quotation, "like wax to receive and marble to retain." Here again our local authority can be a power for good through the medium

of another of its departments—the Library and Museum. This institution ought to be utilised more than it is, in supplementing the teaching of the Elementary and Technical schools. The Town Council might very well devote more of its time to considering the essential requirements of that section of the children of the town, who, out of school hours, are left almost entirely to their own resources. It would be time profitably spent, and a good investment. According to his address, Mr. Skelland is on the right track, and the burgesses of Bewsey will do a very wise thing if they return him as their representative. Apologising for trespassing so far on your valuable I space, I remain, yours faithfully, "DUTY."

===== 0002601_19041029_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
The Article in " Dawn."

Sir,—l ask you kindly to allow me to make use of your valuable space to make a few remarks with refer- ence to my sister's article which appeared in "Dawn." It is an easy matter to give a wrong impression of any article by simply publishing a fewportions without giving the context of the whole. This has been the case here, with the result that many have entirely mis- construed the purport of the article in question. I appeal to all respectable working men in Warrington to read, without preconceived prejgdice, the article as it appears in last week's "Observer 'and to ask themselves after having done so, the following questions: 1. Are not slums and slum-life a crying disgrace to our much-vaunted civilisation? 2. Is not drunkeness a great curse in this country? 3. Does not the physical, mental and moral develop- ment of the rising generation leave much to be desired? vfy sister has been blamed for taking Warrington as an example. It is natural however to talk about the town one knows best and presumably that is why she spoke about her own, without wishing to make it out worse than others,—we know of course that it is much in advance of many. We have not to go very far to find question No. 1 answered in the affirmative. I have often to go through the slums of Liverpool on my way to businass and I can safely say that the specimens of humanity one sees there are simply appalling. Now is itinot possible to avoid such wreck of mind and body as is here evidenced by wise national and municipal government? Of course it is ! Without discussing the subject of drunkenness, the evils of which need no delating on. let us take just one fact with regard to national physique: During the late war out of eleven thousand men offering themselves in Manchester for South Africa, ten thousand were re- jected as physically unfit to serve in the regular army. Shall we in view of this do well to smile self-com- placently and sing "no doubt but ye are the people." I ask you,sir,is it any good shutting one's eyes to these facts? Is it not better to have the courage (and I maintain it does require pluck in a young girl)to speak outand state things which are unpalatable in order to help to mend them by bringing them before the public? To read in what my sister has written a wholesale condemnation of the working class, is to read what is in no wise expressed in her article, and is simply to pervert the latter for party purposes. I am astonished that any working man should have imagined that such was Miss Cros- field's meaning. I believe that the family, to which I have the honour to belong, has done a little for the citizens of this town, and I assure them that no mem- ber of it has the welfare of the working people more at heart than my sister. It would be most unfair to attempt to make use either of this letter or that of my sisters for party purposes, and I take this opportunity of stating that as I am not at present in any way connected with either party whatever views I hold cannot be of interest to either Liberal or Conservative as sueh.—l am, sir, your obedient servant, • GEORGE R. CROSFIELD. Volunteer Quarters, Warrington. ' Oct. 27th, 1904.

add raagis—unlawful wounding Mrs. Miller again made her appearance before the Magistrates. The Chief Constable remarked that her husband was now out of danger and would have to take up the prosecution. Prisoner was remanded until next Friday, bail being allowed.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. A. H. Crosfield and the " Observer."

Sir.—At the same time that I wrote you last week I addressed a letter to your contemporary the "Observer." A single passage only out of this letter was published, and it by no means conveys to the readers of that paper what they would have gathered from the letter as a whole. lam afraid, to be quite frank, that the editor of that valuable paper has simply pickedout one brief sentence which suited his book,and ignored other passages which probably he did not relish, but which are quite as much to the point. Under the circumstances mas I ask you to publish the enclosed copy of the letter I sent and so help me to correct any wrong impression gathered by the readers of the " Observer " through the lack of courtesy—or shall I say courage—on the part of the Editor.—Yours A. H. CROSFIELD.

London, October 26th, 1904. [Copy of letter to the "Observer" Newspaper. October 21, 1904.] Sir' —I see that in last Saturday's "Observer" notes you have—doubtless for party purposes— dragged in my name in ab attempt to saddle me with responsibility for some passages which you quote from- an article in a certain Tory Journal. I read these passages with the deepest regret and I entirely disagree with them. Sad and weary faces there are while slack business swells the ranks of the unemployed, but we know how largely the reck- less and senseless foreign policy of the last nine or ten years, squandering the resources of the nation, piling up debt, disorganising finance, increasing taxation and seriously damaging the trade of the country—how largely this is responsible for it. You admire that kind of thing, but John Burns has rightly summed up the record of the last decade as a record of blundering and plundering. One can but deeply pity the unfortunate men, women and children who are the sufferers and take care we do not make matters worse by raising the cost—as you seek to raise it—for these poor people of the bare necessaries of life.—Yours &c., (Signed) A. H. CBOSPIELD. The Health of Warrington-0 up

===== 0002601_19041029_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
Markets.

Sir,—Notwithstanding the publicity given to this matter by the publication of my letter on the subject, and your comments upon same two weeks ago, no action has yet been taken to effect the desired improvement. Were it not that the evil I complain of is a very serious one in many respects, I should have been con- tent simply to have drawn attention to the question, but, as I say, being a serious matter I think it my duty to take the matter up as best T may until some steps are taken to provide a proper remedy for the safe storing of the market rubbish in the way of fruit, etc. I notice that the same open tin bins are used and only the other night one of them was overturned and all sorts of rubbish lay strewn about in a small area. Any one going across the market might easily have walked across the heap and perhaps have slipped down over a part of it and sustained injuries. It was dark at the time. I might with justice make one or two remarks about the fish market and the way the place is cleaned out. Any person intimately acquainted with the locality round the fish market cannot fail to have been frequently attracted by the evil smells surrounding the place. Why these smells are so persistent Ido not know, for you can smell them at any time, even on a Sunday night after a day has passed since the trading on Satur- day night. Through what they arise lam not quite sure, although I suspect the place is not properly cleansed, notwithstanding the hose-pipe display which occurs in the early mornings. I do not know either whether the drains are in any way responsible—certainly there is a possibility. But there is at least one practice I along with one or two others have noticed, and it is this—that when the carts come round at night time to clear out the fish- refuse bins they are simply overturned into the carts and placed back into their original positions. The bins themselves are not cleaned at the time and the slime from the fish sticks to the sides of the bins making them very nasty and evil smelling. Now lam of opinion that when these bins are emptied they ought to be replaced by clean ones and the empty ones taken to a place to be properly cleansed before again replacing those which have taken their place. Perhaps other suggestions can be made whereby a better state of things could be brought about. We cannot shut our eyes to the fact that action I of some description is needed. I have also in conclusion a few words to say on the arrangement of the stalls in the fish market and in fact in both markets. For instance we notice in one place a cheese stall in very close proximity to a fish stall. Now this is anything but healthy and the wonder is that our ' keen-eyed medical authorities and nuisance inspectors have not noticed this. Besides, a classification Ischeme which allows all sorts and conditions of stalls to be jumbled up in all sorts of manners cannot be right. It is well known that there is some dissatisfaction among the stall holders themselves because of this slovenly method of setting out the stalls. May we ask whether the so-called meat market is utilised to the fullest extent? As far as I know,some of the stands are unoccupied and are likely to remain so. It must think be obvious that at least some reasonable scheme of classification of stalls should be projected, not only for the good of the stall-holders butalso inthe interest's of the ratepayers. I trust then that what I have written has not been written in vain and that something will be done. Again I ask where are our Labour men and Social Service leaguers? Where, oh where, are these aspiring people anxious for the welfare of the common classes?—Yours, L.W.E.

A Copenhagen telegram states that about half of the jewellery stolen from the premises of M. Michelson, Court jeweller, on Monday night, was found yesterday afternoon in a doorway. Most of the larger stones had been torn out of their settings. The property recovered is worth several thousand pounds.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 29, 1904.

THE INQUIRY REPORTS.

BIG RATEPAYERS' MEETING AT THE !PARR HALL.

Mr. S. Norhury Williams and the Findings of the Commissioners.

ALLEGATIONS OF THE NON-TRADERS .1 AaSOLUTELY PROVED."

Speeches by Mr. James Dodds, Mr. R. Cameron, M.P., anti Coun. Pemberton.

Evidence of the interest awakened by the publica- tion of the findings of the Commissioners who Conducted the inquiry into the trading transactions of the Corporation was afforded by the crowded attend- ance at the ratepayers' meeting held in the Parr Hall on Monday evening. This was the sixteenth of the series of meetings held in furtherance of the Non- Trading campaign, and the long reports which appeared in last Saturday's" Examiner" formed the chief topic for consideration. Mr. James Dodds presided and he was supported on the platform by Mr. S. Norbury Williams, Mr. Robert Cameron, M.P., Councillors Pemberton and Lord, Mr. S. Kenyon Mr. Longshaw and Mr. W. Benson. The attendance 'would number about 2,000.

MR. ALFRED HULME AND "DUST-THROWING." The CHAIRMA.N read a letter from Mr. Alfred anima regretting his inability to attend, owing to a family bereavement. He wrote: "I should like to have shown by my presence at the meeting that I still ho ld as strongly as ever the views so often expressed from the Parr Hall platform on this trading question, and I trust the ratepayers of Warrington, who are after all the original non-traders, will again prove clear-headed enough to see through the attempts of the traders and would-be traders to throw dust In their eyes."

===== 0002601_19041029_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
M. DODDS HAS NOTHING TO NIODIFY.

The CHAIRMAN said it was just three years since the effort for the purification of the administration of the municipal affairs of Warrington was launched. The pro- gress of the movement had been marvellous. The Inquiry which the ratepayers so emphatically called for was at last completed and they were there that night to welcome and to thank their three representatives who had been working so long and so arduously in their interests. (Hear, hoar.) Their report issued on Friday was a full and complete vindication of all that had been alleged at the many great meetings which had been held in that hall. Indeed the condition of affairs during the period immediately anterior to the commencement of the agitation was shown to have been in some respects even worse than they feared. He was not going to anticipate what Mr. Norbury Williams would say to them but for himself be desired to express his satisfaction that throughout the agitation he had said nothing that he had now to modify in any way whatever. (Applause). Everything he had said had been fully reported and every letter he had written had been over his own name (Hear, hear). Not a single anonymous word had eman- ated from him. He might say also, and truly, that neither publicly, nor privately had he said one word that could be twisted into a proof of personal enmity or animus or feeling against any man in Warrington. (Applause). He had never any such feeling and nobody knew that better,so far as he was personally con- cerned,than the gentleman who had lately from thewalls of the town been alleging the contrary.He( Hr. Dadds)had had to strongly criticise him and to criticise the public acts of some of their public men, and he stood by every word he had said. One splendid result of their work in and out of the Council was that there was now little if any improper trading. They must see to it that it was never again allowed to lift its head in Warrington. Mr. Dodds concluded by proposing that the best thanks of the meeting be accorded to Messrs. Horrocks, Pemberton and Norbury Williams for their services as Commissioners in the trading inquiry. (Applause).

Mr. S. KENYON seconded and the raltion was carried unanimously.

COUNCILLOR PEMBERTON AND THE INQUIRY Councillor PEMBERTON said he had been asked why the Non-traders in the Council had not done more to keep down expenditure. In this country he had never yet heard that the minority was responsible for what the majority did. The Non-traders as a party had never had control of the financial affairs of the town. All they had been able to do,with the support of the public,was to stop extravagant expenditure. The ratepayers could not expect their representatives to do their bidding in the Council unless they returned them in sufficient force to enable them to carry the majority. Another matter the ratepayers should take seriously to heart if they wanted to carry on reform was that they ought to support gentlemen who were willing to further that object with as little expense as possible to those gentle- men. Those who fought expenditure, cliquism and the people who went to Town Councils to get commissions and trade, had to pay their expenses out of their own pockets with no hope of return. On the other hand, men who got contracts and commissions could go to an immense amount of trouble and expense because they made sufficient to re- pay them. That was one reason why many men had taken no active part in municipal work. There were many things not actually included in the report which perhaps the ratepayers might have expected the Com- missioners would report upon. Although the conditions governing the inquiry were pretty wide they did not cover anything like the amount of trading that went on in the Corporation. The Council representa- tives called attention to the coal contract for the electricity works, but the Non-traders did not mention it because it did not strictly come within the terms of reference. Nor did many other matters. In the case of the coal contract alluded to, the Corporation bought £5,000 worth of fuel without advertising for it and at a much higher price,and he (Cortnoillor Pember- ton) could promise that at some future date more would be heard about the matter. Another serious matter to the ratepayers was that minutes of committees involving large expenditure were passed by the Town Council without non-members of the com- mittee knowing anything about them because they were not printed on the agenda. In one instance the sum of £5OO was to be expended, and probably members of the Council who voted for the minute were perfectly unaware of the item because they were not on the committee. That was a serious state of affairs and he believed it was really against the law. He would like to refer to the beautifulposter which their opponents had issued with reference to the trade of the town. It was a peculiar thing that the Non-traders should be making trade bad. Would the gentlemen who issued the poster suggest that they should build another police-station? (Laughter and applause.) Did they want another techni- cal school, another Hill Warren reservoir, or the sinking of more wells. Did they want a few small-pox hospitals? (Laughter). The poster only showed what " catch-penny " things could be placed on the walls. He had too much respect for the intelligence of War- rington people to suggest for a moment that such a bill could lead them astray. Mr. Norbuu Williams was deserving of their best thanks, for he had of late devoted more time to Warrington matters than even to Man- chester affairs. He had attended nearly all the sixty- nine sittings of the Commissioners and had put in about another, sixty attendances to prepare ''the report. (Applause.)

The CHAIRMAN said he could fully endorse what Councillor Pemberton had said with regard to the services Mr. Norbury Williams had rendered to the town. He did not think they would ever be able to repay Mr. Williams for the immense services he had rendered to purity in Warrington. He wanted Hr. Williams to realise that although they had not said very much in the way of thanking him they felt it deeply and they recognized that it was mainly by his aid that the tremendous improvement had been brought about in the administration of the affairs of the town. (Applause.)

SPEECH BY MR. NORBURY WILLIAMS. ALLEGATIONS "ABSOLUTELY PROVED."

Mr. NORBITRY Wrr.ura.ms,who had a cordial recent ion said that was their sixteenth meeting. He was always proud to recite the numbers of those meetings for the reason that he believed they might truthfully say that there had never been held in this country so grea a number of meetings so largely attended on any mu ni- clot question. For that reason he felt a pride in tak - ing part in that movement in the good old town of Warrington. Their report had now appeared before the public. He did not know what the public though of it and whether they had fully grasped the report or the meaning of all that was con- tained in it. He would like every burgess of Warring- ton to master all the details of the report and to try to understand what this direct and indirect trading in War rington had meant and, he thought he was right in say- ing, the harm it had done not only to the town but to the men who had taken part in the trading. (Applause). Mr. Dodds had alluded to the fact that Mr. Henry Roberts had upon the walls made a statemen t that the report had been purposely delayed. There was not a word of truth in that. These reports were not got out in the slap-dash way that some people got their reports out. (Laughter.) It was possible for some men to hear the evidence and finish the inquiry one day and to present the report the next day. The Non- Trading Commissioners had not found that possible, and at the same time to do their duty to the burgesses of Warrington. Therefore he wanted to tell Mr. Roberts and all others who made such allegations that there was

WHY TRADE WAS BAD

and they would have to go beyond the four corners of Warrington to ascertain that. They would have to look five or six years back and ask why the men of Warring- ton, Manchester and Liverpool and the whole country went mad five years ago on certain matters— (applause)—and landed them in a national:expenditure of 233 millions for which they had not practically a farthing of return. That was what they must ask. (A voice: Question). It was drawine,'a red herring across the scent to issue a ten foot placard asking why trade was bad. It was not because of the agitation—he could tell them that. (Applause). If they had had to pay a little that]the inquiry had cost them—and the amount up-to- date was £47o—they never spent better money. The man who spent a bit of money to clear his reputation when he looked back upon it had to admit that it was the best money he ever spent. When they had to meet that expenditure of less than £5OO, he said it was a good invest ment and they must not attribute to that the badness of trade in this town. There were a number of matters which were not mentioned in the report and to which he would like to refer. In one or two cases, for instance, they had been exceedingly displeased on find- ing that

PAPERS HAD BEEN' DESTROYED

or were missing. In several cases they had been unable to complete investigations in certain directions by reason of the fact that the documents which they should have to depend upon did not exist. That was one of the difficulties they had met with. Another point that had come out in the inquiry was that the minutes of the Corporation and its committees had not been all that the Non-trading Commissioners thought they should have been. They had found important. cases where no reference was made in the minutes, and 'they had found a number of other important cases to which the printed copy of the proceedings omitted to mention a large number of items and circumstances which they found in the written minutes. He wanted to impress upon them, as he had tried to impress i upon people n other towns, that the printed minutes of proceedings were not either in Warrington or in Manchester an absolutely correct and full report of the proceedings of the Council. In his judgment they did not come within the four corners of the law and the only document upon which burgesses should rely was the written minutes of the proceedings of the Council and its committees. The written minutes were the ones which were known to the law and it was the bounden duty of the officials of the Corporation to show them to the burgesses when they asked to see them. (Applause.) One did not like to adversely comment upon the acts and doings of one's colleagues with whom one had been sitting for a year, but he must call pointed attention to the fact that the six com- missioners who represented the Council in their zeal to serve dui Council and to help it, and it only, had for- gotten that the eleventh clause of the in- structions given to the commissions told them that "The Commissioners shall report their findings to the Town Council and to the Non-Trading Committee." In both cases, however, the Council' Commissioners had addressed their reports exclusively to the Mayor of Warrington. what was to him a clear index of what he had seen all through—the evident bias of their six colleagues, and their evident desire to do everything that could be done

TO SAVE THE FACE OF THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON.

He regretted that very much, and many as their sins were, the Non-Trading Commissioners did not commit that blunder, but they had addressed their report to the Mayor and to the members of the Municipal Non- Triding Association. They would notice that in their report the Commissioners laid stress upon the ignorance of some officials. That ignorance had been

no foundation whatever for the suggestion that the Corporation. (A Voice: What about Pearson and 1 Commissioners had purposely delayedthe report. They Knowles?) Pearson and Knowles had a capital of had had some • £1,000,000 and the only shares which had been held by ALL NIGHT SITTINGS a Corporation member ware £lOO by Mr. Caarlton in preparing the report. He remembered one sitting Parr. (A Voice: "Row about the paid secretary ? " which commenced at ten o'clock in the morning and and other cries of" Whatabout Rylands's?") Rylartds's lasted until 6.30 the next morning. He deprecated the hada capital of £120,000 —amount of holding by mem- suggestion that they had not done all they could to bets of the Corporation, not a penny. get the report before the public in time. They were ' A Vows : What about Mr. Dodds's shares in Pear- not like paid officials who could work the whole of the son and Knowles? day at that sort of thing. He believed their three Mr. NoRBErEtY WILLIA.II3 : He has not any, and Council friends had had a very great deal of the help, never has had one while he has been in the Council, and support and assistance of the officials of the Corpora- you know that. (Applause.) tion. They had been situated differently from ,the A VOICE:. Are they in the hands of a trustee? Non-traders who were only ordinary men and had Mot Mr. WILLIAMS : No. They are not. gtt an army behind them to do their work. (Laughter.) 1 , MR. DODD 3 EXPLAINS. Therefore they did not profess to be on even terms , The CFI tirouts slid that from the returns they would with the friends to whom he had alluded. Another find he held £2,503 in Pearson and Kao Ade; before the point he would mention was that they were not paid agitation commenced, or before it WIS conceived. The for the work. Whatever might be alleged he would agitation began at the end of 1931, and in February of like the public always to remember when they looked that year—Alderman Pierpoint would bear him oat— back in years to come upon the inquiry that at any rate he took up a tannery for his son to rn triage in W irring- I their three Commissioners who represented the burgesses ton. All the money he had in Pearson and Kuo;vles of Warrington did their best, elucidated the facts as far had to go there, so he had no interest whatever in Pear- as it was possible to elucidate them under most awkward son and Knowles of any kind. (Loud applause). and difficult circumstances, and in spite of innumerable; MR. NORBURY WILLIAVIS C43E3 INTO obstacles, and brought their report to a conclusion at the earliest possible and feasible moment. (Applause.) is DE rAths. They had only one desire, as far as he knew, in the I Mr. W.H.LIA.NI•3: Does that satisfy you? (Applause.) course of their investigation, and that was to We have found out such a lot about these other people CLEAR THE NAME OF WARRINGTON. I that you think crir folks are tarred with the same and to place it before the public once more as one of the brush, but they are not. (Laughter and applause.) well-governed towns of the kingdom of which the people Continuing, he said the Council's C )mmissioners were proud. That was their only object and when sug- ' told them that the main object of those respon- gestions had been made that Mr. Dodds had had ulterior sible for the agitation had been directed principally motives, had had hatreds or something very like hatreds ' against one company. That was absolutely wrong. The towards individuals he (Ur. Williams) was sure he was agitation had not been directed against one company. able to say that that also had no foundation. (Hear, He did not know, he was thankful to say, one single hear.) Why should Mr. Dodds give his time and leisure creature in all these companies, so it was nothing to and a good part of his business time to a matter of that him. He had never aimed any more at sort? He never sought to enter the Council; THE WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY he did it in spite of himself and of his likings, in order than at any other companies. It Was because the War. to serve the town at a time when it required good men, ! rington Slate Company had been so much deeper in the and he had done a good work for the burgesses— mire than the other companies that they had had to say (applause)—and a good work for which, in his (the more about it. He did not think there was a man in speaker's) opinion they would never be able sufficiently that movement who bore the smallest grain of grudge to thank him. (Applause). He (Mr. Williams) had not against Mr. Roberts or any o his friends. He would seenarty of those wonderful placards to which reference shake hands with them all to-morrow if they would, had been made, but it seemed to him that somebody had once for all, say "The old days are gone, we will have got a lot of money to spend in this town—money seemed no more trading and we will join with you to be very plentiful. (Laughter.) He was told that in this crusade." He would go with Mr. on the posters was the question "Why is trade so slack? Henry Roberts to-morrow, and it would be —ask the non-traders.' They had had some funny the grandest conversion they had yet had. things to answer in that room, but that was what he Mr. Davenport stated that the whole of the business called a licker. (Laughter.) One of the funny things done by him with the Slate Company during the period about it wa§ that they did not seem to have suggested covered by the inquiry was £11,933 out of a total of why trade was so good with certain people—" Ask the £70,090 for bricks. Those were not, however the whole traders !" (Applause.) Why were some people getting of the facts elucidated by the commissioners to show such an inordinate share of the good things of this the insidious character olthe workings of contracting borough ?—" Ask the • traders." (Laughter.) Though and sub-codtracting. Here they had a man who stated there might be an element of comicality in the that the whole of the materials supplied by the Slate matter there was something very serious in that ques- Company in course of the construction of the Hill tion of Warren reservoiramoanted to exactly £52. The com- missioners however discovered, and quite by accident a Mr. J. B. Johnson of Liverpool who had been a sub-contractor in the work and as a result they had found that the materials supplied by the Slate Company in connection with the reservoir, instead of being £52, amounted to £670. That sub-contracting in the third or fourth degree reminded him of the house that Jack built. The sub-contractor was the malt which lay in the house that Jack built.lf they went on to the sub- contractor they found the rat which ate the malt which lay in the house that Jack built,and even if they went further back it all ended in the same thing in the house that Jack built. There was however a seriousness in those matters because one of their fellow-commissioners said there was nothing wrong in the sub-contracting. They might have set up a high standard of public action but they persisted in saying in their humble judgment that any person who was a member of their Municipal Council had no right to do business with that Council, and had no business to go one step further and supply the man who supplied the goods to the man who did work for the Council. (Hear, hear.) They did not care how far that gentleman might be removed. They main- tained that there must be no trading with the Council : either directly or indirectly. In Manchester if a mem- ber of the City Council was proved to have traded with the Corporation in the fourth degreelas a sub-con- tractor he was shown the door and told he was no longer wanted in the Council. They

WANTED TO RAISE WARRINGTON

to the same standard as Manchester, which he thought was as purely managed as any borough in the country. Another point in the report was that the Mayor's auditors, Alderman Bennett and Mr. A. J. Jolley had for years illegally received payment for auditing the Corporation accounts. The Council Commissioners said they found nothing wrong in this as the Town Clerk advised that the payment was legal. His (the speaker's) point was this, that the Local Government Act provided that no member of a Council should have any interest either directly or indirectly in the trading of that Council. Thatcvas a salutory provision without which trading such as they had set out to stop in War- rington would flourish throughout the country,and it was notin the spirit orthe Act that the Mayor's auditor should belpaid by the Council for his work. Mr. A. J. Jolley,for whom he had a great respect, admitted quite candidly that during the years he was Mayor's auditor he received £3O per year, and that a similar annual sum had been paid to Alderman Bennett during the time he had held that office. That, in the judgment of tke Non-Trading Commissioners,was wrongland they hoped it would not be paid again. (Applause.) A printed report had been issued with regard to that point in which 60 towns were named. In only eight of the towns, Warrington included, were the Mayor's auditors paid for their ser- vices. Speaking generally, all the charges they had ever made from that platform and all the statements they had made since the memorable day when Mr. Henry Roberts said the trading would go on, had been absolutely proved—(applause)_and that they had no reason to charge their memories or consciences with having put forth statements which were not true. Moreover they had found out things of which they did not know before. Their three colleagues had said that nothing had been proved but the public were the jury and they must read the two reporbz and say whether they thought the slate of Warrington had always been clear and clean or whether the Non-Traders were right. They said all their accusations had been proved and they would point out more, and that was that one of the chief facts brought out by the Inquiry was the disinclin- ation of persons who were connected with or knew about the trading to help them or to give evidence. He did not like to draw a picture of three men struggling to get at the truth (as he was. one of the men) when the whole town seemed to be against them and.when they asked for evidence not a single man came forward and offered to give evidence. He would go further. Thirty or forty men were written to including the chief traders—Alderman Francomb, Mr. Henry Roberti and Alderman Smethurst—and asked to come forward and give evidence and the whole string of them declined to come. The gentlemen who had

===== 0002601_19041029_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
SOMETHING_ AMAZING.

What he wanted to make himself clear upon on behalf of his fellow-commissioners and himself was that his remarks did not refer to all the ()Metals of the Corpora- tion and he particularly desired to say that their friend Mr. 'Stanley NVilson,the deputy town Clerk,had fromlthe beginning produced everything they had asked for, and in addition to that he had been most affableand friendly (Applause.) He had often said in that hall, till he was almost ashamed of repeating it, that

THE NETWORK OF - COMPANIES

in this town had produced some results. When!he had set himself to make some little inquiry as to whether their three colleagues who were originally selected had any connections with any of these com- panies or any important men of the town—whether. in other words they were entirely free and clear and could enter dispassionately upon the inquiry—he had come across two or three rather awkward facts. They had bothered him a great deal. He searched the other day the list of shareholders in the "Warrington Guardian" and he found this curious fact which he could not 'account for: that Mr. Henry Roberts was found selling some of his "Warrington Guardian " shares first to Mr. Greening, one of the commissioners, and secondly to Mr. A. J. Jolley, another of the commissioners. (Laughter). He thought it was strange—plaintiffs, defendants and judges had got singularly mixed up. He did not quite know where they were, and he was glad he was on the jury. (Laughter). He went a little further and searched for the limited company of Messrs. Greeningand found .such familiar names as these :—Henry Roberts, J. A. Ewart, contractor, Alderman Smethurst and the Mayor of Warrington. He went further still and found that Commissioner A.J. Jolley's brother was connected with the Slate Company. These interlacings of interests in Warrington were marvellous, and when they had to examine facts of that kind and found that men who were sitting on the inquiry as commissioners and were supposed to be absolutely impartial had connections of the sort he had named, they begatelto wonder who there was in Warrington that was entirely free. Mr. Williams dealt with the sudden closing of tho inquiry by the original Council representatives and said the report they issued was like a damp squib. When their three friends had closed the shutters and gone home and issued their marvellous report which fell so terribly flat and whitewashed everybody, their other three friends came upon the scene and attendea thirteen sittings out of the sixty-nine. They had, however, issued their report on the whole sixty-nine. That was

'ONE OF THE FUNNY INCIDENTS

ef the campaign—that judges who had only heard. a quarter of the evidence pronounced their verdict on the whole lot. In their extraordinary report the Council Commissioners stated that it might be interesting to know that the total capital of the companies as shown by the return prepared from the registers at Somerset House was £11,709,004, whereas the value of the shares held by members of the Council and officials was only £134,001. If they were to go carefully through the companies of which the twelve millions of capital was composed, they would be sur- prised to see that several companies had several millions of capital and the shareholders who were interested had hardly more than a£s note in them. That was how these excellent gentlemen had made out those astonish- ing figures which ought to deceive no one, and he hoped they would not deceive the people of SN'arrington. The first of these companies was Armitage and Rigby, capital .E 2.90,000 total amount held by members of the Council—not a single penny. They could quite under- stand their three friends, anxious to pour contempt on the inquiry and to produce the effect they apparently had produced, bringing in such grotesque figures. Then there was the firm of Greenall, Whitley and Co. with a capital of c 700.000. and not a penny n shares was held by members of the

===== 0002601_19041029_art0149.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Sieft

===== 0002601_19041029_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
BROVGIIT TFIE BAD NAME ON NyARRINGTON

when bearded and asked to come and exculpate them. to a man refused to attend the inquiry. Had they attended, facts would have been brought out which would have astounded not only Warrington, but the whole of England. (Applause.) Those men would not however come. A few week's ago they had, or rather thought they had another way of getting at what they wanted. There was a casual vacancy in the Council and three men were nominated. Two of these men were Mr. Henry Roberts and Mr. James Dodds. The Non. Traders naturally thought they 4ould have a good straight fight and that th people of Warrington would say once and for all which they were going to have by deciding between the leaders of the Traders and of the Non-Traders. They had

===== 0002601_19041029_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
A CLEAR ISSUE.

Nothing could be clearer, straighter or fairer,but Mr. Roberts retired and did not give them the chance to carry through the fight. They were hoping .that that day Mr. Henry Roberts would have been nominated, but when they came to examine the nomination papers he name of Mr. Henry Roberts was not there Mr. Dodds, the champion of their cause, had been nominated in seven wards, though Mr. Dodds did not know of that fact—(a voice: "Rats ")—in order to be prepared to fight Mr. Roberts, if he came out, in what- ever ward Mr. Roberts chose. (A Voice : "He would get in.") If there was a ward in Warrington which had before it Mr. James Dodds and Mr. Henry Roberts, together with the documents relating to the inquiry, and selected the traders in preference to the non-traders that ward would have 'done Warrington the greatest injury which could be done to a town. At this stage an interruption occurred at the back of the hall, and the progress of the meeting was delayed for some minutes with cries of" Shut up " " Chuck him out," Scc.

- Mr. DODDS subsequently restored order and said they had no objection to people holdiir: opposite views be- ing present. He had been informed prior to the meet- ing that there would be present an organized repre- sentation of the other side. They were glad that they should be present but he would be greatly obliged if they would listen quietly and not interfere with the meeting. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WILLIAMS conti▪ nuing his speech said that though he could not deal fully with the report in the time allotted to him he felt sure that if the people of the town would only read that report they would be convinced that the volume and system of the trading which had prevailed in tip borough for years past, had not been good for the borough. The leaders of the Non-yrading agitation had not undertaken the work because they liked it but because they thought the trading which had been going on was wrong and therefore strove to put it right. No matter whether in municip• al or political life if there was anything going wrong we always found some man ready to give up his time to the righting of that wrong. That was why in England we had one of the purest forms of Government, both' Imperial and Local, in the world, and if any men deserved well of the country it was those men who had risen when occasion demanded and had given their time and trouble to set right the wrongs which existed. A great deal had been done in Warrington in that direction but there still existed

VIE NF,ED FOR GREA.T VIGILANCE. , (Heir, hear.) Continuing with his commentary on the evidence Mr. Williams said that if there was a man to whom they were grateful for his evidence it was Mr. Daniel Cooper. (Applause.) He was a man who deserved well of Warrington. It required a great deal of bravery in Warrington to give evidence before the inquiry and

he was most grateful to Mr. Cooper for the manly part he had played in to some extent jeopardising his business by telling Ssomething which he knew of with regard to the purchase of bricks for the 'construe-1 tion of the palica buildings. Mr. Ceoper told a strange story which was not corroborated and which could not be corroborated because the man who had laid the case before them was one of the three who alone knew of what occurred. He said that one day he was asked to send a load of bricks as a sample to be used in the construction of the police buildings. He sent the sample and afterwards heard that they had been approved. A short tins afterwards he was called upon by two gentlemen from the Slate Company. He was at a funeral and the singular part of the case was that the two gentlemen, whose names were given, found him and went with him to the back parlour at the Rope and Anchor Inn, Waolston. There they began to speak about contracts which would be wanted for the police buildings and Mr. Cooper said they told him he could get the order provided he would allow a commission of is. per thousand bricks. (Shame). ,Mr. Cooper was not willing to give 19. per 1,000 corn nission and thought the matter over. Two days later he called upon Mr. Gordon Roberts and offered, to allow CI per 1,000 commission. tr. Gordon Roberts,in Mr. Cooper's words said "It was not worth putting through the books. If we could not allow is, which was little enough we could not get the order." (Shame). Mr. Cooper did not get the order and they found upon making further investigation that the order was given for Greengate bricks—bricks for the supply of which the Warrington Slate Company were the sole agents. He would ask the ratepayers to ponder over that case. Tile evidence given by Mr. Cooper was not supported because only three persons were present when the interview teok place and two of them were representatives of the Slate Company. Let them think over that matter. Let them think how it worked out and then say whether they considered it right or not. They were told that the cost of Greengate bricks was 3s. or 4s per 1.000 more than Mr. Cooper's bricks (Here there was another disturbance at the back of the Hall and cries of "chuck him out".) They desired to have the agency for the Greengate bricks stated at the inquiry and accordingly questioned Mr. T. Longdin, the borough surveyor, who pleaded ignorance—although he had been in Warring- ton 27 years—of what Councillor Wilkinson said was known by every little schoolboy in the town. Daring the questioning of Mr. Longdin, Councillor Wilkinson said Why waste time upon a point like that. Iths,s nothing whatever to do with the inquiry?"—A fair sam- ple of the sort of comment they had had made hundreds of times. The commissioners went through

NINE CONMA.CT3 WITH REFERENCE TC-IBRICKS. and in three cases they found the bricks made' by local makers were specified. They followed those cases out and firms which supplied the bricks were (1) gas depart- ment, Greengate, (2) technical schools, Greengate, (3) bath's department, Greengite. In all those three cases though Warrington made bricks were specified Green- gate bricks were used. In two other cases local bricks were specified, and Greengate bricks were used. In a sixth case Ravenhead bricks were specified and Greengate bricks used. In two other cases Ravenhead bricks were specifleciland Greengate used,despite the fact that Ravenhead bricks were equally as good as the Greengate bricks and were, in point of fact made from the same clay, in the ninth instance St. Helens bricks were mentioned and Greengate bricks used.. With refer- ence to

THE EWART CASE

a little over two years ago Mr. Dodds, Councillor For- shaw and Mr. Ew trt. were in the train between War- rington and Liverpool when Ur. Evart made a very serious complaint to the twa other gentlemen. Cowl- cillor Dodds came before the Inquiry and stated what Mr. Ewart had said. Before Mr. Dodds went to the Inquiry he and another gentleman waited noon Coun- cillor Forshaw. Mr. Dodds read over to that gentleman his version of what had happened in the train. and Councillor Forshaw was asked if it was true. He replied than it was perfectly true, and moreover said he wag prepared to come forward and support that evidence before the Commission. He however never fulfilled that .promise, and even though four appointments were made, Councillor Forshaw never came forward to give evidence which would verify Mr. Dodds' statement. He thought Councillor Forshaw was seriously blameworthy when he said that the report was perfectly true, and afterwards failed to come forward to substantiate it. He did not think any words were strong enough to express his feeling upon Councillor Forshaw failing to come forward. He must, however, leave the ratepayers to deal with that gentleman. The statement was that on the 27th March, 1901, Mr. Henry Roberts' while Mayor of the Borough opened tenders for the tramways permanent way no other member of the Council being present at the time. They were unable to find any recorded minute authorising such opening. They regarded that as a very serious matter as there was absolutely no minute in the books of the Corporation to say that Alderman Roberts and Alderman Monks were authorised to open the tenders. In those tenders between 20,000 and 30,000 tons of materials were to be purchased, and they said that in their judgment it was contrary to public policy .that any man, whether he was Mayor of the borough or not, should open tenders by himself when he or his firm had any intention whatever of taking part either as a contractor or sub-contractor, in the work. They said that was wrong and was a thing which should not be allowed to happen. (Applause.) They asked Mr. S. Wilson whether that sort of thing often happened and he replied that he did not think that on more than two or three occasions had it been .done during the last 50 years, and as a matter of fact he (the speaker) believed they could not find another single instance of such a thing having been done. The thing was quite excep- tional and on that ground they objected to it. One singular part was that whereas the tender was opened by Mr. Roberts on the 29th March, they found that the next day the Warrington Slate Company wrote a letter to Messrs. Walter Scott Limited, Leeds, who tendered as sub-contractors to Mr. Ewart and several other tendering contractors asking for their best merchant terms for steel rails to specification to the extent of about 750 tons. What they objected to was that the same gentle- man who opened tenders should be the gentleman who was writing to the sub-contractors or that his company should be writing for prices to this Leeds firm. They said that was entirely wrong and in their opinion was contrary to public policy. Two days later they found that after the opening of the tenders by his father, Mr. Gordon Roberts waited upon Mr. Ewart, as he himself had shown by appointment. According to his letter to the commissioners dated 23rd June this year, the Slate Company furnished, some weeks before, quotations for various materials to Mr. Ewart and a number of other intending contractors and the interview of March 30th, 1901, hag reference to those quotations. According to the statement made by Mr. Ewart to Messrs. Dodds and Forshaw the object of the visit of Mr. Gordon Roberts to Mr. Ewart,(who did not then know the tenders bad been opened, nor that his tender was the lowest) was to induce Mr. Ewart to substitute the materials of the Slate Comnany forfthose ,of the firms whose names and goods Mr. Ewart had !included in his tender as required by the ierms of the Corporation specifications under which he had tendered. It appeared to them that unless Mr. Gordon Roberts knew that Mr. Ewart had not included the name of the Slate Company nor their goods in his tender, he could not possibly have any other object in waiting, upon Mr. Ewart than that stated by the latter. From their report the public would see that there had been things proceeding in Warrington which should not have been. The Non-Traders had endeavoured to point those things out and it now remained for them to see that the men who sought to enter the Council were such as coald be relied upon in the matter of trading. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19041029_art0152.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,-___-

===== 0002601_19041029_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. DODDS PREPARED TO MET MR. ROBERTS.

In introducing Mr. Cameron to the meeting, Mr. DODDS said he wished to put the audience right regard- ing a point in the report of their opponents, which stated that the cases of Mr. W. Roberts and himself (Mr. Dodds) were exactly alike, both being paid secretaries of companies trading with the Corporation. But there was this difference : That whereas be had no interest whatever in Pearson and Knowles', Mr. Roberts was a considerable shareholder in Heskeths. To have been in the same position as Mr. Roberts, he (the speaker) ought to have had £14,000 in Pearson and Knowles. ;If Mr. Roberts had been only the secretary of the company his name would not have been men- tioned. Applause.) He might inform his friends at the back of the hall, representing the opposition, that he was opposed to the policy of his being nominated in those seven wards—and they knew it—so that to cry "rats" as they had done early in the meeting was trying to throw discredit upon him and was not worthy of men. (Applause.) It was not worthy of the men of Warrington who knew that all his services to the town had been given at his own ex- pense_ On the County Committee on which he served he was for thirteen days going up and down the vari- ous districts and revising the assessments. He had paid h;s expenses—amounting to some- thing like £2o—out of his own pocket and sent the allowance made to him for expenses to the Infirmary—(applause)—because he believed that a Councillor ought never to receive even his own expenses. If he woe going to give his public services to his constituents, he should "give" them—(applause) —and it would never be in their power to say that he (Councillor Dodds) had ever received alpenny for what he had done for the town asilong as he lived.(Applause.) He was prepared to fight Mr.Roberts.not because he was Mr. Roberts, but because he wanted to have a fair issue put before the people of V4arrington once and for all. Did they want purity of administration or not? If they did they would vote for him, and if not they would vote for the other man. (Applause.) If he did not get ten votes he would be content, and would go home with the peace in his heart that passeth all understanding, because he would have the consciousness that he had stood for a principle which was above all victories municipal or otherwise. (Applause). SPEECH BY MR. CAMERON, M.P.

Mr. CA ERON M.P., said that a few weeks back he had a small report sent to him in London. That was the first side of the question, and there that night he had heard the other side and the reply to the first. In the report sent to him there WASI an item underlined in red ink, so as to pall his special attention to it. The moment he siw that item he confessed he was a little alarmed to find that of those trading with the Corpora- tion Messrs. Pearson and Knowles traded to the largest extent. Now he knew his friend Mr. Dodds was con-

nected with that firm and he thought there seemed something queer about the thing. He enclosed the re- port and posted it off to Mr. Dodds immediately. He got a long letterin reply and he was sure the satisfac- tion he felt when he read it was the • satisfaction any- one would naturally feel who knew Mr. Dodds. (Applause). It told him that he (Mr. Dodds) was not a shareholder in that or in any other company trading. with the Corporation whilst a member of the Council, and that all the trade which Pearson and Knowles did with the Corporation was legitimate and perhaps natural-and inevitable. (Applause) A Corporation like theirs must, of course, trade with somebody, but if a member of the firm they traded with was in the Council and directed that tenders should go to his firm, then there was corruption. That was the whole essence of the business. (Applause.) As regraded Corporations generally it did require vigilance on the part of somebody if something had been done that was based upon selfishness and a desire to take advantage of one's position. If that had been the case it was a serious sign of the moral condition of the members of the Corporations. He would say to voters that if there had been corruption to any extent the fault was primarily with those who pat the men in the Council and did not watch them afterwards. He knew nothing of the personality of the Warrington controversy, but he knew that it was very important for them if they were to have proper • manicipal government in this country that anyone who was elected to a public position ought to have clean hands and a public motive for entering upon the duties. There would never have arisen all this stir and these charges if there had not been something going on. There was never smoke unless these was a fire or something behind it. (Applause.) He had knowal Mc. Dodds for many years, and did not hesitate to say that corning from a stalwart race of ,orthumbrians, he was not one who, for the sake of personality or ambition or for the sake of any disturb- ance would undertake such a disagreeable task as this. (Hear, hear.) He had undertaken it in the public interest and for the good of W trrington, and he had had to bear something for doing it. Ile had had to go through and suffer many vile imputations; low motives had been imputed to him—and the labour he and others had had to share during their efforts to bottom thi3 business ought to commend the character of Mr. Dodds. It had been hinted that he (Mr. Cameron) might move a vote of thanks to him, and he did so with the full conviction that they would have to go far before they would find a man. who would face all the opposition and bitterness he (Mr. Dodds) had had to go through on their behalf. (Applause). He did not know whether Mr. Dodds wished to go into the Council again or not, but this he did know, that it was such man as he that they ought to have in the Council. (Cheers). The public opinion of the country must denounce self- interest whether it was found in Parliament or in Cor- porations. Democracy had its dangers. It was made up of men,who were tomptible, and the ratepayers ought to watch them and see that the temptation was not too strong for them. They must demand from their repre- sentatives moral qualities that would not allow them to stoop to make gain from. their positions. (Cheers.) Councillor LORD seconded the motion which was en- thusiastically carried. in returning thanks. Mr. DODDS' said his services were ,at their disposal, but he wld not sat' in the Council. 'He thought he could do as t s', t.)c them outside the Council as inside it. Bat wh ',over his decision might be at present, he would fight the battle when necessary against a leader of the other side.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
MIDLAND IRON TRADE. .

[FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.]

BIRMINGHAM, THURSDAY. There was a decidedly poor attendance on 'Change at Birmingham on Thursday, and the state of trade cer- tainly does not justify the glowing reports of improve- ments and an-flowing orders circulated in certain quarters. Orders are a little heavier, and works are more nearly approximating to full time, but with one exception there is no material improvement in prices, about which there is much complaining. The single exception is galvanised sheets which are ss. dearer owing to the fact that within the week spelter has advanced 15s. a ton. Pig-iron is about sixpence dearer than a month ago, for certain brands, but many makers fail tolget this increase. Stocks of pigs are genemllysmall, a circumstance which will stimulate a rapid rise if a demand sets in. Garman and American steel bars for sheet-hiaking are beaten out of the market by South Wales, this district monopolising this branch of trade. The Welsh article is Is. dearer, but users, having regard to the quicker delivery, do not mind paying this. Local steel houses for finished lines are busier, and orders for rolling stock are coming in rather better. The genera view is that if foreign complications do not arise, a steady trade may be looked forward to until the end of the year:

===== 0002601_19041029_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
Midland Wages Board Crisis. The Protest of Outside Firms.

The serious crisis in the position of the Midland Wages Board was the subject of some comment on Thursday on 'Change at Birmingham. A good deal of anxiety as to the Board's future was expressed. Outside firms repudiate with some warmth the statement that they are paying lower wages than those under the Board, and this will form the subject of sharp controversy in the immediate future. Association workmen equally deny the reflection on Yorkshire, Lancashire, and especi- ally Warrington, as to the receipt of lower wages, and assert that the trouble is most serious in the Midland district. A Northern correspondent writing on the subject the other day said referring to these countries." To say that they are working under Mid- land wages is a lie and a libel." Some strong comment on the matter is being made at a series of meetings be- ing held by the men throughout the Midlands. The. last of these takes place to-day (Saturday) at West Bromwich, and these are to be followed by -neetings in Shropshire. Sir Benjamin Hingley, the chairman of theßoard, in- formed our Board representative that a number of replies had been received by the secretary Mr. Daniel Jones to the circular addressed to Midland firms invit- ing them to join the Board. These had not yet been analysed, but a special meeting of the Committee would be held early in November and a report submitted to the Standing Committee at the end of the month.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON.

ENDING OCTOBER 22nd, 1904. During the week, the following births and deaths were registered :—Warrington Registration District. births, 39; deaths, 18. The excess of births over deaths was 11. The birth-rate was equal to 29.7. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 13.7 per 1,000 against 21.3 the average of the previous 4 weeks and against 154 the corresponding period of last year. The death rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 2-2 per 1,000, against 77 the average rate of the. previous 4 lweeks and against 6•9 the corresponding period of 1903. The ages of mortality were :- 0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-63 65—up. Totar 7 1 1 1 6 2 18 The deaths included-1 from scarlet fever, 2 front diarrhoea, 1 from phthisis, 11 from other tubercular, I from cancer, 2 from lung iseases, 1 from accidents, 9 from all other causes. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during tile week :—Scarlet fever, 34 cases Diptheria, 1 case; erysipelas, 3 cases. J. GUEST GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
Matinnerv, etc.

Warrington.—Printed and and published by JOHN WALKEB & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works Bewpay-street, and published by them at the sara place,and also at The Examine Offices,Victeria-roads WIDNES; 32, George-street, ST. HELENS; 3, Market- street, EARLESTOWN; Church-street RUNCORN, Oat. 29th, 1904.

===== 0002601_19041029_art0158.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, '

===== 0002601_19041029_art0159.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- - _ -

===== 0002601_19041029_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BE WS EY ROAD W ESL EYAN C UURCH , TOMORROW (SUNDAY) OCTOBBE 30th. CHAPEL ANNIVERSARY. At 10.30, 2.30, and 6.30 Rev. Dr. BEET. 2.30 .• Conference on Difficulties of Belief. MONDAY, 7.30, Dr. Beet will Lecture. SOLOS BY 111Iss BESSIV lICKERSLEY AND MR. J. B. HANNAN. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHLRCH. WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) OCTOBER 30th, At 10.30 Rev J. X INNING . At 6.30 Mr. A, PRRKINS. All welcomP. Hymn Books provided.

MACDONALD'S HEM-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY ANEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly, adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. CUTS 20s. GOLD INLAY 40s. MACDON ALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS. 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS-1 to 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCHIST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M. MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILIAY ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. To 8 P.M.

PEOPLE'S SERVICES. REV HERBEhT DUNNICO. TO MORROW (SUNDAY, OCTOBER 3Out AT 10.45 & 6.30. BAPIISI' CHURCH. GOTRORNR STREET. SOLOIST IVILLET. Service Sunday Week In Parr Ball as Usual.

AyYCLIFFE P. S. A.—OPEN MEETING TO- NIORROW (SUNDAY) OCT. 30YR AT 3 o'cLocx. W. BINDLOSS. ESQ.. WILL PRESIDE. • a. R. WOLSTENCROPT, EBQ , (OF SWINTON), WILL GIVE THE ADE REOs. MESSRS. CROSFIELD'S PRIZE BAND Will he present and will accompany the Hymns, and will render Special Pieces, including the Test Piece, for which they recently won the First Priz, at the Crystal Palace. MR. W. H. PAXTON. Mus. Bac will preside at the Organ. USUAL COLLECTION. Come Early and Crowd the Church. All are Welcome.

I_IOLY TRINITY SCHOOL. MUSEUNI-STREET WARRI NGTON. WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 2ND, A. CONCERT IN AID OF HOLY TRINITY GIRLS FRIENDLY SOCIETY SICK FUND, WILL BE HELD IN THE ABOVE SCHOOL. SOLOISTS : —Mrs. RALPH JOHNSON, Miss MABEL REM:MALL, Miss DAUNT, Miss ETHEL ROBEBTS, Miss RTHEL WHITTLE. SOLO VIOLIN: Mrs. W. B. ROBERTS. COMIC: Mr: VICTOR ROBERTS. Selections from San Toy, Geisha, Country Girl, with Chorus, br special permission of Li. Edwards, Esq., Daly's Theatre, London. Coon songs, Scc. To commence at 8 o'clock Tickets ONE SHILLING; Back Seats. SIXPENCE, to be had at 41 and 45, WIL6ON-PATTEN STREET.

WARRINGTON PARISH CHURCH. THE SALE OF WORK CONNECTED with the PARISH CHURCH RESTORATION and IMPROVE- MENT FUND will be continued IN FAIRFIEUD SCHOOLS, THIS DAY (SATURDAY). OCTOBER 29th. £250 is required to extinguish the Debt on the Restoration. Fund. over £2,000 has already been given. Admission 3 to 5,6 d. ; 5 to 10 31 The Bazaar will be opened at 3 p.m. by MRS. W. P. RYLANDS. THIS AFTERNOON CHILDREN'S CONCERT. THIS EVENING at 8 p.m. Miss Timewell and Miss Bell (TraiLing College Staff) are most kindly acting a Short Play. The help of all friends is greatly desired both in tarnishing the Stalls and attending the Sale. F. W. WILLIS, Rector. JAMES CRAIK, SAMUEL TAYLOR }Churchwardens.

NAME-PLATILS IN GILDED GLASS OR ENGRAVED BRASS Enamelled Letters and Tablets Letters in Glass, Metal or Wool. Motor Numbers. BAXENDALIS'S. MILLER STREET. MANCHESTER.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per OZ. COVERLETTR I TAILS OF t nom HAIR FRAMES, PURR FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LERCH ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

ALF. HALE, Baritone Vocalist (pupil of Mr Ditchbu.n, Manchester Cathedral). CONCERTS, Al HOMES. SMOKERS, &c.—Acinress 697, Knutsford rd., Warrington.

SPECTACLES,. PERRY'S PEBBLE SPECTACLES PERRY & CO., OPTICIANS AND ELECTRICIANS, 5. SEYMOUR ST. (Near London Road), • LIVERPOOL. Eyesight testing Rooms for the accurate fitting of Spectacles. Clients Zvisited at their own homes on receipt of post card. Send for our Booklet.

VV ARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. SEASON 1904-5. FIRST SUB iCRIPTLON CONCERT IN THE PARR HALL ON TUEDAY, NOVEMBER 15TH, 1904. A. GORING THOMAS'S CANTATA— "THE; SWAN AND THE SKYLARK" AND MISCELLANEOUS PROGRAMME. ARTISTES : MISS LYDIA NERVIL SOPRANO MR. JAMES DAVIS TENOR MR. JAMES COLEMAN Bess eliouus AND ORCHESTRA ov OVER 200 PERFORMERS. CONDUCTOR: MR. F. H. CROSSLEY. Hos. ORGANIST: MR. W. H. PATToN, MU., BAC. LEADER OF ORCHESTRA : MR. R. H. PEARsoN. TERM. OF SUBSCRIPTION TO THE SERIES OF CONCERTS Reserved Dress Seats, Body of Hall, 15s. Reserved Centre Gallery and Second Reserved Seats, Body of Hall 7s. 6d. aide Galleries, reserved, ss. These amounts will entitle any subscriber to one ticket for each Concert. Single Tickets of Admission to Non-Subacribers, 65.. 34., ..28., and *Unreserved Seats. Back Gallery, Is. 6d. *Body of tali, Back Seats and Promenade, is. *Season Contract Tickets for Unreserved Seats to include 'he three concerts at 3s. 6d, and 2s. 6d. respectively. Doors open 7.15 p.m. Concert 7.45 p.m. Carriages 10,15 p.m. Ticket-holders admitted by Early Door at 7 p.m. The PLAN OF RESERVED SEATS will be opened at Messrs. R. H. PEARSON'S, Ltd., Bold st., to Subscribers on SATURDAY, NOVEMBER sth, and to the general public On and after the following WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 9th. L. W. REYNOLDS. W. B. ATKIN. Hon. Treasurer. Hon. Secretary. _ - UEMORIAL TO THE SOUTII LANCASIIIRE REGIMENT. (LINE, MILITIA, AND VOLUNTEERS), A. GRAND CONCERT (under distinguished patronage), will be given in the PARR HALL, ON SATURDAY NEXT, STH NOVEMBER, in aid of the fund for the above. ARTISTES I— MISI ARLINE HARRISON ; CONTRALTO, Miss Atty COLLIN ; TENOR. Mr. J. RABBITT ; BASS. Mr. B. rOwNALL ; ELOCUTIONIST, Miss KATE BEESLEY ; THE APOLDo QUARTETTE HUMORISTS, Mr. JACK MoDERSIOTT (of Liverpool), and Mr. A. B. MILLA.RD (of Manchester) ; Accompssisr. Mr. W. H. PAYTON, Mus. Bac. The BAND °f the 5-40th REGIMENTAL DISTRICT will be in attendance. ADmissiox :—Front seats and centre gallery (Reserved), side galleries Is.; body of hall and back gallery, 6d. ...Seats may be booked and I Tickets obtained at the Municipal Office, Sankey street; or from any Member of the Working Men's Committee, Doors open to ticket holders 6.45; non-ticket holders. 7; (loaned to commence at 7.30 prompt. CHA.B. J. NEWTON. Hon. Sec. Town HAIL Warrington. Tickets going quickly. Secure yours. and avoid die- t apPointment ! !

TOISS ETHEL SPINRS HAS RESUMED HEE iY I DANCINa CLASSES at Tott's Assembly Rooms, Bridge Street. WEDNESDAY EVENING THURSDAY EVENING SATURDAY MORNING 10.30 A.m. For PROSPECTUS apply to 4, SALISBURY STREET. WaIRRINGTON.

THE LOW 13R1C1c OF STORE STOCK. FARMERS DESIROUS OF BUYING STORE STOOK whilst low in price, or those who wish to avoid selling at the present depreciated values, and requiring FINANCI&L ASSISTANCE for these objects, should inquire, by letter or personally for terms from GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20. KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

GOUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINuTON.- TRADING- INQUIRY. A COMPLETE REPRINT of the Proceedings of the above Inquiry may be obtained at the BOROUGH TREASURER'S OF ?ICE Municipal Offices. Sankey-street. PRICE Is. EACH,or from J. LYON WHITTLIs, Town Clerk. Town Hall, Warringt3n.

CHES HI RE COUNTY COUNCIL.—SPECIAL SCHOLARSHIPS FOR WOMEN. THREE scimmiseirs ARE OFFERED TO WOMEN to attend at the School of Domestic Economy, Chester, or other approved Institution for a period ot fifteen months, to gain such instruction in cookery, laundry work, and dressmaking, as will enable them to cbtain the Teachtr's Diplomas in these subjects.— Application Forms, with further particulars, can be obtained from RD. P. WARD, Director of Education, Eiucation Offices, City-read. Cheater.

_ NV AR R INGT ON ORA MATIC SOCIETY FOUNDED 1c47. (AFFILIATED TO THE NATIONAL AMATEUR OPERATIC AND DRAMATIC ASSOCIATION) PR6SIDF.NT, SIR GILBERT GRREgALL, BART. PARR HALL, :WARRINGTON, thiogil THE DISTINGUISHED PATRONAGE AND PRESENCE or SIR GILBERT AND LADY GREENALL. THE MEMBERS OF THE SOCIETY WILL GIVE FOUR GRAND PERFORMANCES 07 MR. JAMES HENRY DARNLEY'S FARCICAL COMEDY, " FACING TB MUSIC," ON WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY, AND SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 9TH, 10Ta, 11TH, & re.Tli, 1904, To BE PRECEDED BY THE ONE ACT PLAY BY MR. STEPHEN PRITT, " UNDER THE OLD NAME." PROCEEDS IN AID OF THE FUNDS OF THE WARRINGTON INFIRMARY. A GRAND SELECTION OF MUSIC WILL BE GIVEN EACH EVENING BY MR. T BOOTHIROYD'S ORCHESTRA. , The Plan of Dress and Reserved Seats opens TO-DAY at '1 a.m. at Pigot's Music Depot. Bridge street. Orchestra Stalls, (Dress) 35. ; Centre Gallery, (Dress oPtional) 35. ; Pit Stalls, (Reserved) 2s. ; Side Gallery and Back Gallery, is. ; Body of H.tll, 6d. Doors open at 7.0 ; Curtain rises at 7.30 o'clock prompt ; Harty Doors for Ticket Holders only at 6,45 ; CArriages may be Ordered for 10.30. J. W. BULLER, Hon. Sec.

OHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL.— A Number ‘..) of DOMBSTIC SCHOLARSHIPS are offered for 20m- petition. These Scholarships are to provide instruction in Cookery, Dressmaking. Laundry work. Sick Nursing. etc., and are tenatole for 10 weeks at the Dairy Institute,Worleston CDmmencing on Monday, November 23rd, 1904. Application Forms can be obtained from the undersigned, to whom they should be returned not later than November let nest. /WIZARD. P. WARD. Director of Education, City Road, Chester.

- 'IOUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRING I oN._ k ) MEMORIAL TO THE sour!' LANCASHIRE REG' MENT (LINE MILITIA AND VOLUNTEERS) FOR THEIR SERVICES IN SOUTH AFRICA. LIST OF SUBSCRIPTIONS GENERAL COMMITTEE : £ s. d. Office Staff at J. Crosfield and Sons Ltd 2 4 3 Alderman James Fairciough William Hodgkinson Box Collections at Hotels ezc. Amount previously acknowledged 6BO 10 5 WORKIN GMEN' d COM M ITTEE:— Staff at Whitecross and Co. Ltd. Employees of P. Walker & Son Ltd. (Dallam) (2nd instalment) Employees of J. Edelsten & Son (3rd instal- ment) Amount previously acknowledged ll3 1 7 £B' 2 4 9 The list will shortly be closed and the Executive Com- mittee APPEAL for support. WILLIAM BOLTON. Mayor an Chairman of the Executive Committee.

THIRD ANNUAL WARRINGTON EISTKDDFOD. PARR HALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 2ND, 1905. CONDUCTOR: REV. W. WILLIAM DAVIES. ADJUDICATOR: HERBERT Vio HITTAKER ESQ., OF BLACKPOOL, r, COMPETITIONS FoR MALE CHOIRS, CHURCH on iAPEL CHOIRS, WORKS. GLEE PARIIRS, vIiILDREN'S CHOIRS. QUARTETS. SOLOS, PIANO- 4"ORTE, RECITATION ETC., ETC. AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPH AND FRETWORK COMPETITION. For Syllabus apply to ROBERT W. COOK, 160, Lovely lane, Warrington.

CITY OF BRADFORD if XHIBITION.—ENDLESS VARIETY OF INTERESTING FEATURES. Art Section. Industrial Section. Textile Section ant Women's Section. Somali Village (first time in England) Naval Spectacle (Russo-Japanese War.) Palice of Illusions ' Crystal Maze. Baby Incubator Institute. Captive Balloon . All the best Military and Orchestral Bands. Organ Recitals. Water Chute. Illuminated Fountains. Ter:6 of thousands. of Fairy Lamps. etc. All day, is. ; after 6 o'clock, 6d. ; Children 6d, Saturday, 6d. For special facilities inquire at Tourist offices.

CiOUNT t BOROUGH. OF WARRINGTON. j POPULAR HEALTH LEOTURES. The seco:i d Lecture on popular Health Subjects will be Riven in the PARR HALL on FRIDY NEXT NOVEMBER 4TH. Subject . " Fatigue of Body and Mind : its causes and ti consequences," by Professor C, S. Sherrington, M.A.. 41. D„ F.H.S., Professor of Physiology in the University of Liverpool. The Chair will be taken by Chas. White, Esq., J.P., at IFCht o'clozk. Lectures will be illustrated by limelight views. Prices of admission : Each lecture Id. Course tickets for ,L,he remaining two lectures (including syllabus), 3d. Reserve -Ickets which are strictly limited in number, is. per lecture. ,Seats may be booked and, tickets obtained at:the Municipal "ffices, Sankey-street, or 4rom J. LYON WHITTLii. Town Clerk and Secretary.

WARRINGTON UNION . FEMALE c RUMEN'S ATTENDANT. WANTED the ABOVE OFFICER for the Warrington Union Workhouse. For particulars of duties apply to the matron, Mrs. A. F. Awbery. Board. lodging, washing and uniform will be supplied, and the applicants must state what salary they will require for performing the dutlep. Application(' upon forms to be obtained at the Workhouse must be sent in to the matron pat later than Thursday. November 3rd. E. 7 Order, J. C, SUTTON.

(2)OI.:NTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. EDUCATION COMMITTEE. „ APPLICATIONS ARE INVITED for the post of HEAD ttISTRESS of the Infants department of the Warrington airfield (C.R.) school. Applicants must be College trained, and the commencing Nary will be at the rate of £llO per annum. , Applications must be made on the officials forms. which, gather with a copy of the scale of salaries and other Particulars, may be obtained from the under-signed, and nst be returned to him not later than Monda% , the 14th '4o,ember, 1904. J. MOORE MURRAY, Secretary and Director. _ Education Office, Sankey-et , Warrington. 28th Oct. 1904.

OPENING OF NEW PREMISES, 72, BRIDGII STREET, WARRINGTON. E. COATES (late With MESSRS. W. HODGKINSON, LTD.), BEGS TO INFORM THE PUBLIC OF WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT that the above premises are now open and are stocked with a choice selection of CARPETS, LINOLBUMS, FURNISHING AND HOUSEHOLD DRAPERY. FIRST-CLASS GOODS AT MODERATE PRICES, SPECIAL VALUE IN BLANKETS AND DOWN QUILTS E. OATES, 72, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. (NEXT DOOR TO MESSRS. JOHNSON iBROTHERS LTD., DYERS, AC.)

S. FERNLEY, LTD., 71, BRIDGE STREET! WARRINGTON WATCHES. CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS. SMOKE SUDLOW'S "OLD BO'." TOBACCO. COOL AND 'LASTING. SD. PER OUNCE; is. 7D. PER ILB. TIN; 6s. PER LB. T S (JDLOW & CO., WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15, WINWICK ST., WARRINGTON. TELEPHNNE 414 Y.

it I MAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE 38., 4s. 6D., AND_ 66. 6D. J. 0. DODD. 10, ST. JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months', notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the Boaoccis TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington. GILDDESS DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered te the Path,. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists,( %nista, 5d., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by I. GBDDBS An SON. LTD WARRINGTON RSTABLISHBD 1833.

VIOLINs, BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUIrARS, BANJOS. STRINGS of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all;its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot). - 57. RENSHAW-STREET (Corner of Benson-etreet). LIVERPOOL.

ELECTORS OF HOWLE Y WARD. VOTE FOR CLEGG. THE WORKING-MAN'S FRIEND.

B. VV ADSWORTH, SOLE AGENT FOR THE WORLD-FAMED PIANOS or JOHN BROAD WOOD Sc SONS; ADDRESS: 59, SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON --- t UINNESS'S _DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTER WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASH or BOTTLES rom B. CUNNINGHAM wINWIOK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGD CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered Bottles Telephone No. 179, STORES. OWEN STREET

MES. THOS. CLARKE WILL CARRY ON THE I3USINESS OF STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT AT THE " EXAMINER " OFFICE, 33, MARKET STREET, EARLESTOWS, As before, and sincerely hopes to receive the same patronage as bestowed on her late husband for upwards of 40 years.

TO PHOTOGRAPHERS AND OTHERS WE HAVE A LARGE SELECTION OF SECOND HAN D KODAKS AND OTHER FIRM CAMERAS BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS. ALSO 57 HALF PLATE CAMERA SETS COMPLETE FROM 28e. 6n. TO £4. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. AMATEUR • PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT. 71, OXFORD ROAD MANCHESTER. A. AND j. M'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, AND BILVERSMiTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET. WHITECHAFEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-fcreet, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of eVery description. OLD GOLD AND SYLVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Actof Parilamen Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Clocks. Pictures, &0.. &c.. always on Bale. We are now offering some Special BAIMAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY. LADIES' and atiNTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, Re.. &a We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES vIY POST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPA Alterations and Mountings ot all kinds, Skilfully and P mptly done. Low rices in r,ternocl for Gold Chains. Carefully aelectea Stock of GOLD BROOCHES BRACELETS, &c. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to snit all pockets. MIAOW! RICHMOND .CREET, LIVERPOOL.

TO THE ELECTORS OF FAIRFIELD WARD. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.— I thank you sincerely for again returning me as your representative, and shall endeavour to merit the renewal of your confidence.—Yours faithfully, DAVID S. DUNCAN. Padgate-lane. 29th October. 1904.

MUNICIPAL ELECTION. 1904. TO THE ELECTORS OF W HITECROSS WARD. ?, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, I desire to tender my sincere thanks to you for having returned me as one of your representatives for the above Ward withoat a contest. I shall endeavour to merit the confidence again reposed In me. Yours faithfnlly. WALTER BROUGH. Victoria road, Fearnhead. October 29th, 1904.

MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS. 1904. TO THE ELECTORS OF LATCHFORD WARD. L &DIES AND GENTLEMEN.— At the request of several ladies and gentlemen. I have decided to offer myself as a Candidate for your Ward at the coming Municipal Elections. Should you do me the honour of returning me I shall do my utmost to prevent, all useless expenditure ; at the same time any really necessary improvement I shall be prepared to favourably consider. I think no one should benefit from membership of a publics body; also that there should be impartial treat- ment of all tenders for public work. I am in sympathy with the Fair Wage Clause being strictly observe• in all Corporation Contracts. I am a large ratepayer and reside in the Ward. I am, Ladies and Gentlemen, Yours obediently. WILLIAM BENSON. 96, Wliderspool rd.. Latchford. and (Draper) 11. Sanhey St. October 26, 1904.

MUNICIPAL ELECTION, 1904. ORFORD WARD. LADIES AND GINTLEMEN, I desire to offer you my limply tilting, for again returning me unopposed to the °bunion as your repre- sentative. As Deputy-Chairman of the Electricity and Tramways Committee, I shall, eri the assembling of the new Council, recommend the advisability of trying half- penny stages at Bret on the Longford route. I shall endeavour to merit the renewal of your confidence. Yours faithfully, INO. WILKINSON. Bewsey-place. Oct. 28th, 1904.

ro THE ELECIOKS OF T. AUSTIN'S WAttD. LADIES AISD GENTLEMEN,— Having had the honour of beisog again returned to the Council unopposed I sincerely thank you for the confi- dence you have reposed in me and I assure you I shall _ do all I possibly can to further your interests, not only in this Ward, but also of the town in general. Again thanking you, Ladies and Gentlemen, for the confidence you have placed in me, I remain Your obelient servsnt, THOMAS BURTON. The Hollies. I, ~erpool

COUNTY BUILOUGH or WARMNUTU.N. M"Iel PHALLIC C T (11"01FI 0 w s RY w. ;TROD THE LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, I have been requested by many Ratepayers and Bur- gesses to allow my.elf to be nominated as your repre- sentative in the lo .vn C aincil for Bewsey Ward. After mature consideration I have consented, and now respectfully ask for your support and votes on the day of election. I have resided in this Ward for 45 years. and am well known amongst you. and have an Intimate knowledge of the conditions and requirements of the district. I am the nominee of no political or organized parties, but come before you as an Independent Candidate, actuated so!ely by a desire for the w Hare of the town and its inhabitants, more especially those of the poorer class. I have noticed with concern the prolonged bad trade and the resultant distress which becomes more acute each winter. I would therefore support any wise and practical measures which might be broos;tit forward to aid the unemployed. I am of opinion that It is the duty of each community to study the welfare of its poor children, believing that care for the body and good influences on tha mind of the young are powerful factors for good on the men and women of the future. As you are aware. I have all my life taken a deep Interest in the poor children of Warrington, and during the last 18 years practically the whole of my time has been devoted to their service. This has boen done with- out receiving any monetary remuneration whatever ; it has been a labour of love. No one knows better than myself the continuous round of privation and misery there children have to endure. Thousands of children have been fed and clothed and received good Christian Influence through their connec- tion with the Ragged School, of which lam the Super- intendent, and ninny have been rescued from despair and crime and are to-day respectable law-abiding citizens. I would, therefore, take every opportunity of pressing forward this vital question, and strongly support any scheme that would tend to better their lot. RM in favour of :- 1. Free Breakfasts for School Children during periods of local distress, so that every poor child can have a meal before going to school (scores of children in Warrington often went to school last winter without breakfast). 2. Free Baths for Children. Our experience with the bath at the Ragged School (although payment for the water used is demanded by the Water Committee) shows that this privilege would be an inestimable boon to all the children whose bodies, for want of home convenience, are sadly neglected in this respect. Free Baths for children are also a Sanitary Necessity in Warrington, when we consider the great proportion of disease and death amongst them,anet which materially help to swell up the mortality returns. NOTE.—Warrington has lately had the unenviable distinction of having the highest death-rate in the country. 3 lam a strong supporter of the Fair Wage Clause I being inserted In every Corporation Contract. 4. Anything that would teed to Better Housing of the Working Classes would have my active support. 5. lam in favour of Halfpenny Stages on the Trams and of a Reduction in the Price of Gas. I would oppose all extravagant and unnecessary expenditure such as has been going on for some years, and which has brought our rates up rapidly to the pre- sent alarming figure to the detriment of local industries and to the employment of our workmen. In conclusion, I beg to say that I have no personal ends to serve. lam solely impelled by a desire to help my fellow-townsmen to the best of my ability, and by a regard for the best interests of the town. I respectfully ask your votes and sapport on the day (A the election, and, if returned as your representative, will try to prove myself worthy of your confidence. I am, Ladies and Gentlemen. Your Obedient Servant, JAMBS SKRLLAND. Bewsey street, October 25th, 1904.

NIUNICIYAL EL ECTIoN, 1904.—T0 THE BUIL:TORS OF TOWN HALL WARD. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.— I beg to thank you very sincerely for my unopposed return to the Town Council, as one of the representa- tives of your ward It will always be my endeavour,whilst I have a seat in the Council, to work for the benefit of my native town i.enerally, and I shall especially look after the interests of your ward. Again thanking you. believe we, Yours very faithfully, WILLIAM J. FORSHAW. Suez street, Warrington. 27th October. 1904.

10UNTY BOROUGH. OF WARItiNUTUIN. MUNICIPAL ELECTION 1904. TO THE BURGESSRS OF ST. JOHN'S WARD. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, I beg to tender to NOD my sincere thanks for the honour you have conferred upon me by permitting me to become your representative without a contest. So long as I remain a member of the Council I shall always endeavour to the best of my ability, to promote what I consider to be the best interests of the Bor iugh, having at the same time especial regard to the require- ments of St. John's Ward. I remain, Ladies and Gentlemen, Your obedient servant, J. FULTON SMITH.

W. HODGKINSONT SILK DEPARTMENT, THE LATEST NOVELTY. PAILLEITE MESSILINE, L. 11D. IPER YARD. • 'WINTER GOODS: IN THEILADIES'OUTFITTING DEPARTMENT,I LATEST NOVELTIES IN COSTUMES, MANTLES, FURS &c; Ma I,A MAGNIFICENT STOCK OF ROBES, BLOUSES AND THE NEWEST MATERIALS - FOR EVENING WEAR. :SPECIAL DISPLAYS IN HOUSEHOLD LINENS, FLANNELSRURNISHING :GOODS &c. • BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

NEW FURS. EEW FURS: J. SAND W. DUTTON RAVE AN EXCEPTIONALLY NICE LOT OF THE NEW FASHIONABLE SHAPES IN FUR COLLARS,I 16, 18, & 20, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

FOR FURNISHING IRONSIONGERY :OF EVERY DESCRIPTION TRY J. S. GARLAND, 519 53, & 559 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIALTDEPARTMENTS FOR THE FOLLOWING : KITCHEN RANGES, FIREGRATES, CHIMNEY PIECES AND TILES. WOOD MANTELS IN OAK, MAHOGANY, WALNUT Au. FURNISHING IRONMONGERY IN ALL ITS BRANCHES. GLASS, CHINA, EARTHENWARE, ANDWITCHEN UTENSILS. CUTLERY, SILVER AND ELECTRO PLATE, ALSO BRASS AND COPPERIWARE, Suitable for )Presents. LARGE STOCKS. INSPECTION INVITED. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.

SIKELTON'S LIMITED. HORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE STILL ON £5,000 WORTH OF STOCK MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE BIG REDUCTIONS IN EVERY LINE A SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY FOR BARGAINS.

- 1904-6. AUTUMN AND WINTER STYLES IN MEN'S OVERCOATS AND SUITS. IN YOUTHS' jOVERCOATS AND SUITS. IN BOYS' lOVERCOATSRAND SUITS. A Nice Variety:in LITTLE BOYS' FANCY OVERCOATS in SHOWERPROOF MATERIALS and LATEST STYLES. READY FOR WEAR OVERCOATS. OR M.C.D. MADE Tu MEASURE. OVERCOATS. ALL FROM SHOWERPROOF OVERCOATS: CLOTHS. M.C.D. LARGEST VARIETY OVERCOATS. OF M.C.D. PATTERNS TO BE OVaRCO.AT7.... SEEN ANYWHERE. M.C.D. 166 to 35/- OVERCOATS. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, . 8 & io, HORSEMARKET STREET.

GIGANTIC SALE NOW ON. UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. FIRST SALE FOR SIXTEEN YEARS BARGAINS FOB EVERYBODY.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 122 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOt* PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. (By AL. THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTItO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY 07 EVERT DESCRIPTION. 30 ro 50 PBR CLINT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old aold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc.. bought or taken in exchange. Honey advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, ac., to any '.mount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2081.

ESTABLISHED 18.38. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPCOL, IFRAMfi MAHER AND PRINT sELLBR. A Large Assortment of 'Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday presents, school Prizes, Ao, Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OF PIIO.I:OGBAPHS (Cr Orystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the ,Oontinental Galleries.

Why not please yourself 2 You undoubtedly will if you use .• ran ocoa It is as beneficial to health as it is delightful to the taste. "Pure and Unmixed. "Yields a maximum proportion of the valuable food constituents of the cocoa bean."—THE LANCET. “Perfect in Flavour, Pure and well prepared."---- BRITISH MEDICAL JOURNAL. BEST & GOES FARTHEST.

, 4lnt, 4ilj:o , „et, v • ' • ;5' AS: V ikt•t• t tZ",„, , •

SVAGN WEAPONS, opears. ielus, Oiubs, Knives, oh Curios; cheap.—LITTLE. Bexley terrace, Torquay. J3UTCHERS.—G. T. MURRLY buys meAt cloths; good price given.-113, Green lane, Liverpool, B.

HIGH CLASS Penny Postcards for 6d. post free.— P. DEPARTMENT, 36, Crafton it., Leicester. VOUR TRACTION TRUCKS. near Reading. price £27 each;l. £3o the lot.—Apply WINKWORTH, Ipswich. 1)i IPES (2,000 ft. of 41n. cot iron flanged) for SALE.— _1 SAMUEL STRINGER, Metal Merchant, Accrington,

CHARMING Ccloured Migiatures in Brooch or Pendant from any photograph, Le. 6d. —ARTIST, 3, Mandrell rd. Brixton. .VISH AND CHIP SHOP FITTINGS complete, Collar, 12 Muzzle, Whip and Chain, for large dog.-3. COTTER ILL STREET, Crewe.

SPLBNDID China Tea-service absolutely free to all appli- cants. Write for particulars.—THOMAS Day, Wellesley it., Hanley, Staffs.

ATRIMONIAL PO ST." sealed sd. with circular 9th; 111 distance immaterial.—EDlToß, 10, Trafalgar Build- ngq, London, W.C.

IIAY.—A quantity of choice over-yeared Clover, Sanfoin and Mixed Hay for sale.—Apply J. BIRD, Banhatu Attleborough, Norfolk. 44) GUARANTRRD Genuine Veterinary Recipes, with ei directions, Is. id. ; dissatisfied ; money returned.— J. BIRD. Wisbech. 13 !WORDS EXTRAORDINARY —lndestructible records IL exchanged. 3d. each, carriage paid.—PowELL, 9 Claremont et., Lincoln.

100 BULBS, is. free ; Was. Allums, Crocus, Ranun- culus, Spanish Iris, 100 ls. free, catalogues.— TURNER, Great Sutton, Chester.

GRAN OFATHBR'S CLOCKS. Six magnificent specim ens, all mahogany. Chime and ordinarv.—WlLLlAM HkwORTH, 14, King at., Blackburn.

ULECTRIC POCKBT LAMPS, Is. 2d.;Blectric Scarf-pins, 114 3s. 6d.; Phonograph in Oak Case, 145., guaranteed.- 132, TortisiDoN Romp. Catford, London.

TOTERS' LlSTS.—Advertiser can assist contractors with V the.. lists on reasonable terms. Linotype, small pica. --GRIFFnui, Printer, Llandrindod.

FMIAMI IMPLBBIBNTS, Chaff-cutters, Pulpers, Cake Breakers Bcc. Cash or easy payments. Lists fr ee.— ROSE, Laburnum Street, Wolverhampton.

A MUSING PHOTO-POSTCARDS Ac. (Heal Photo—s) 1-1 Samples & Cattlogue of Novelties 3 stamps.— IREMONGER, Stationer, Ilkeston, Derbyshire.

RBLIABLK and Valuable Advice to intending investors in the States or Canada, by editor of prominent American newspaper.—lNviarrob, 19 Stonewell Lancaster.

-I OHN BRINSMEAJ AND SONS' overatrung UPRIGHT P.) GRAND for Sale; roaewood case, in good condition.— J. NORWOOD AND SONS. 85, Fishergate, Preston.

TABLB CUTLIIRY.-3tty own make; splendid value. 1 Also repairs ; old ivory knives rebladed ; price is free.—FRANK MELRBECIC, Rossington rd.. Sheffield.

QUITINGS. 2s. to 6s. 6k'.; Trouncing., is. 3d. to 31. 6 d., Costume Cloths, is. 3d. to 4s. 6d. per yard. Any length ut; patterns free.—WRIGHT & Co., Old Hill, Staffs. DICTORIAL POSTCARDS.—Large Varieties. Wholesale .1. Constant change of stock ; all latest novelties— NOVELTY POSTCARD Co., 41a. Presteot Street, Liverpool.

GIINTLBMAN, Blind 5 years, now sees to read anything; another. blind 3 years, has used his remedy three weeks and begins to see.—Particulars (rec.—LEGGETT, Wisbech. - - FOB 10,000 HANDBILLS (Demy 8 To). Well printed Customer writes" your handbills are wonderful value" send for specimens.—B. WHITWORTH HIRD, LTD., Adver- tising Specialists. Norwich.

-I F you back Horses, you want Winners.—Our is. ovens J night letters, and 2e. 6d. morning wires, give unequalled satisfaction to clients everywhere.—WnrsomE & Co., Hyde Park Corner, Ipswich.

NO IitIORB BROKBN MANTLBS.—Crossley's Incan- descent Metal Mantles (Platinum). practically un- breakable. 70-candle-power; 6d. post free.—ANGLo-POBEIGN TRADIbG Co., 9 kiedcross et. Liverpool.

gittic GARDEN BEAUTIFUL '—Enclose halfpenny- -IL stamped, self-addressed envelope fn halfpenny- stamped envelope for particulars of Trees, E hrube, &c., present season.—PLANT, Catford, Kent. nEIEBSB OF JOHN-o'-GAUNT.—Delicious and app etiz- ing, Rich. Creamy, mild or strong. A speciality for Hotel and Restaurant proprietors. 31 be. P. 0.,; 35.; 6 lbs, ss. 9d., Carr. paid.—F. H. SIMPSON, Lancaster.

GllN'—Double Breechloader, 12 bore, central fire, steel barrels, top lever, and rebounding hammers; splendid killer ; scarcely soiled ; sell at onoe, accept 455. ; approval' post.—Gtrx, 17, Buxton rd., East Sheen. Surrey. I\TIITTING. PETTING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, 11 Ring Nets, Purse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.THomas JOHNSON'', Net Warehouse 38 Corporrtion-street, Manchester.

QIVBN AWAY 1-12 pretty Japanese cups and saucers, with lacquer tray, to purchasers of my latest novelty In Japanese charms ; send to-day for sample and particulars, 7d. post free.--thINEST, 145, St John Hill. Wandsworth.

80.000 P.MINa.DaSn oafdvaeerntiu.ienmeeTnoot atthlsPopwerdeibr. toecinbael to about l'e boxes at 41. and 6d. Hundreds sold daily.— Rmixo 8808., 3, Southville.Wandswortb Rd., Londow,

ARMY BLUCHERS, Army Bluchers, 4,000 pa irs of new sewn Bluchers, very best leather soles. Will send 1 pair, any size, post free for se. 6d. Cash returned if not approved of.—H. J. GASSON. Gay ernment Contractor, Rye.

ULBS on approval, carr fags paid. Flowering size Crocus. Iris, 9d. ; Snowd rops,lalae, Ranunculus, is. Tulips. Nardi!. Anemones, Fr sada'. Stars, Alliums,ls. 6d. Hyacinths, 6s. 100.—Busorr, F.R.11.5.,(60) West Bromwich.

Fri() BB SOL D.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive .1. Works. lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co. with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Lard, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. HOMING. 16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

QPIWIAL ADVIRITISING OFFICR. Your advt. placed k../ in 50 good provincial papers (2 lines) fcr 2s. 9d. 3 weeks ss. 9d.; or 4 Hues one week ss. 6d.. 3 weeks 11. s. 6d. List of papers post free.—B. WHITWORTH HIRD, LTD., Advertise ing Specialists, Borwich.

BULITS.-25 Hyacinths, 70 Tulips, 90 Daffodils, 125 Iris, 110 Crocus, 40 Ixias, and 40 Sparaxis, in all 600 bulbs delivered free on rail, 55., or is. sample of 300 Assorted sent packing free for Is. 11.—IMPERIA: SUPPLY STORES, 25 Crampton st., Walworth, London.

WATCH BARGAIN, Marvellous Offer. Genuine Lever Watch. ss. only ; warranted; absolutely reliable timekeeper ;money returned if unsatisfactory. Ladies' size Watch, Is, 61.. pqstaw, and registrati ,n, 3d. extra.—F. L. HEYGATE, Rushden, Northamptonshire.

CIGA.RETTHS.—The genuine EGYPTIAN hand-made, of MICH. PALOMBA & Co.. of the Royal Cigareette Fac- tory, Cairo, Bgypt. are pronounced ' The World's Grandest Cigarettes.'—Of all Tobacconists, or the Sole Importers WICKER AND CO', 10, Callum at.. London, E.C.

PARBNTS ! Dr. Allen's Breathing Tube, used a few minutes daily develcps chest several inches. If your boys and girls used it they would be free from Coughs,Colds, and Lung Complaints. is. 6d. post free. —MANAGER, 44 Wray Crescent,London, N. Winter's Coming! Think! Act! A MBRICAN HAIR STAIN —Best possible preparation /1_ for imparting to the hair in cleanly and permanent manner any shade of natural brown, light or dark, One liquid, free from silver or lead, Post free is., trial bottle 6d —Sole agent, W. PERKINS. Warwick rd., Olton, Birmingham

LOOK You have all helped to pay for them before.— Life Guards' Military Knee Boots, smart appearance, 7s. 6d. per pair; Naval Knee Boots, very strong, 6s. 6d. per pair ; Bluchers, se. 6d. per pair; any size ; carriage paid. lash returned if not auproved cf.—HENRY J. GIBS ON Government Contractor, Rye.

CONQUEST SOAP. ' WASH AND BECURED. AVOID Drugs which undermine the constitution. Our Anti-fat soap is the only preparation that Is absolutely safe to use; slow in action,sure result. Large tablet in plain wrapper on receipt of is. 1/d. Dept. A. RIILDAS & CO., 17, GRAND ARCADE, LEEDS.

Tome. an ENGLISH WATCH for hard wear. Hall-marked -IJ silver case (very stout). Open face. Keyless English Lever watch for men. Briquet Spring. screw jewelled, com - pensated, and guaranteed for ten years. Reduced price 45.1. Money returned if not approved.—RoniNsoN BROS.. Watch - makers, 5 Hampstead rd, Tottenham Court rd. London, tir W.

6000 BRAND ;New Genuine Hollow-ground Razors, in Cases, bought at an enormous reduction for cash, are now offered to the readers of 50 different papers until the stock is cleared at Is, 6d. each, post free, Bvery razor fit for immediate use. Thosa who act quickly will secure genuine bargains; P.O. payable to F. es. RDWARDS, South Farnborough, Hants.

TRADE{ CIRCULARS. 100 31. ; excellent testimonials; J. promptness.— OAKLEY, Leamington Terrace Uppingham. MIOLAS, CONCERTINAS, EDEOPHONES.—New stock ..I_l2A for winter.—Write for price to J. legEßwooo, Boothstown, near Manchester. PHONOGRAPH (Edison), fantail reproducer, brass horn ; 25 Edison Records ; very cheap.—E. NIGHTINGALE, IC, St. George's-road, Preston. SECOND-HAND BhESCHLOADERS, by good makers. very cheap ; Cartridges from 6s. per 100.— WILLIAM RICHARDS, Guomaker, 44, Fishergate, Preston.

CRESHIRE APPLES aud PEARS; 301b4„ best cooking or eating Apples, carriage paid. 2s. 9d.; 141bs choice Pews, 25.—T. LIGHTFOOT. Relsall, near Chester.

SMOK R GRADY'S DEFENDER TOBACCO" It does not burn the tongue." Sold everywhere in packets with coupon Wholesale.—GßADY, King at., Wigan

LARGR assortment of new and Second-hand Leather Suit Cases, Cabin Trunks, Portmanteaus. and Bags to be sold cheap.—WENTElt. 107 Charing Cross rd., London.

MIOR S ALE, FIVE FREEHOLD HOUSES, No. F to 10, 12 Hart's-court, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Apply to Thomiti Joinsos, Spring-bank, Pemberton, near Wigan.

B Developed.—Lady will send, for Is. postal, perscrip- -1) tion of remedy which enlarged bust six inches ; harm less : inexpensiye.—Miss W. ELGAR. 18 Roundhayst.,Leeds.

li7 ATER ! WATER ! ! How to procure a supply of good water ; consult the Diviner, he finds the head of the Spring.—STocirrox, Expert Water Finder, The Rake. Easttu9n, Cheshire.

TAPANBSE ORIENTAL HEARTHRUGS. Grand Designs 0 Size, 72x36, 4s. 3d. each. 84x48. 71. 6d. each, Oriental Carpets 12s. 6d. Marvellous Value.—HEsmETTA, 93, Grays Inn Buildings. RosPbery Avenue. London.

500 PHONOGRAPHS COMPLETE, with reproducer 6 Records,up to date. Selections,Marvellous Value. Cash Price. 12s. 61, Easy payments arranged.—HENRIETTA, 93, Grays Inn Buildings,Rosebery Avenue, London.

DlCTURES.—Bankruptcy Stock of High-class PICTURES (if in. by 14.) on Canvas Paper, in colours, as painted by noted artists ; equal in appearance to any Oil Paintings ; will forward sample set of 8 for 2s. 6d. free. or 16 for 4s. 6d. On approval.—Wm. SLACK, 34,Stockport Rd., Manchester.

TOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.—EDISON STANDARD 1 PHONOGRAPH with large horn stand, recorder, record shaver, sixty recoras and ten blauks, and record carrying case. 28 10..; Mann's No. 5 B Green Bone Cutter, £1 10s. ; Hearson IGO Egg Incubator. complete. £4 lOs ; Greenwood's " Bedford " 100 Egg Incubator; complete. £3 10s. ; Perfection 100 Egg Incubator, complete, £4; two Greenwuoe's 103 chick rearers, complete, £3. Will accept £2O for lot to clear, or exchange Bone Cutter, Ette3 for power with oil engine, or typewriter and cash:—Apply Rooxe TO3fLINSON, Milton Poultry Farm, Gargrave, via Leeds.

FOWL CORN, 7s 6d. 10s 6d, 12 64. 2401bs ; Pie Food, 7s 6d and Poultry Meal, Bs. and 10s., per 2001b1.—RocHE AND Co., 15, Goree piazzaa Liverpool. Mention paper.

fptotks, Zugmtgois, eft, BLACKPOOL.—Good Company house to let at Valuation other business cause of leaving. AINSWORTH, 8, West Caroline Street. Central.

lAN SAL% a CHIP SHOP fitted up with the latest patents, k/ doing a nice business. no good-will;reason for leaving, failing health.— Apply 231, SCHOLEB,

A OBER OLLIVIRR & CO., Stockbrokers, Coventry House, South Place. 8.C.. transact all Stock Exchange business for Investment and Speculation according to the Rules of the Lon3on Stock Exchange.

el RAND Opportunity for Young Gentlemen with £503, kJ Bxperience not necessary. Non-speculative. Well- established business.—Full particulars from VALENTINE 8C THomss, 3 Bloomsbury Court, High Holborn.

CERTIFICATES, British Homes, £l2OO and £lOOO, pre- miums paid £252 and £O2. 1 , Dins bonuses, liberty to borrow £l2OO and £lnoo. What offers? ?dust be sold.— FREELAND. Solicitor, 174, Corporation st., Birmingham.

rpo BE SOLD, in consequence of death, the BUSIfiiiSS of J. a Chemist and Druggist, carried on at 72, Avenhsrn Lane, Preston, sub-post-office attached, which might be arranged to go with business.—Apply H. WHITBSIDB, Solicitor, Morecambe.

EXPERIENCED Male and Female NURSES at - moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NIIIMEITiro rtoN. Hope House, Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 257^ Royal. Telegraphic Address" Nurses." STBRILIC MARRIAGE ; its causes and curative treatment. A new edition just published. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women. Post free 3s. Sd.—SHELLEy & Co. Tn.,38, Gracechurch at., London.

24 los. ONLY.—LADY'S TRAILER, with C springs, at half cost; body and wheels:in good condition.— ATKIN% 32. tfoorgate it., London.

MOTOR CAR on HIRE, with driver, four-seated Beeston Humber Car ; 1904 pattern.—Terms on application to T. M. BROADBENT, The Rollie', Latchford. 26 6s. brkEpTeEdi ari nlgFaTn,dn of departure pr Lr tubrrea brakes; everything wheel complete; practically new ; satisfaction guaranteed ; inspection invited.-28, PERCY STREET, Warrington.

BRIGHTON.—LADY'S HOUSE, FURNISHED, excellent position, £2; Shops; Villas, £26-£9S.—YouNG, HOL- BECII & SADLER. Brighton. (Mortwages wanted).

*Ntrls, eporos, toartitnn 05tabo. LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE EICTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 10 LUDGATR HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON SQUARE. HomE Owl/Town, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

ABBRYSTWITH. THE BELLE NTH HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most comfortable Family Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Room and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms from 2i guineas per week, or 9s. per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from 58. Table d'Hote at 6.3) o'clock For TARIFFS &c., apply to W. H. PALMER. PROPRIETOR.

Ib3rses, Tarriagrot tibt stork sct

ON SAL% First Class BROUGHAM and PHARTON.— Apply CHARLES LANCASTER, Springfield Lodge, thper Chorlton road, Manchester.

6aHOHTHOHN COWS and Youag Buds tor dal-j; cow 10 calving early and good milkers; entered in herd book. Apply J. LAwsos, Wesham, Kirkham.

LIOR SALE, BAY MARE (useful), quiet and good worker in all gears. Also ten load Regent seed potatoes.— Apply T. LEWIS, Stanny Brook, Crowton. Northwich.

CANARIRS.—Splendid Hartz Mountain Railer Cocks . lovely songsters, 2s. 6d. each ; two for 4s. 9d.; includ- ing cage, Safe arrival and satisfaction guaranteed or money returned.—HAMMONDS, live stock breeders, Leyton. fl OVERNESS CAR (New) by Huxley and Co., Wbitchurch, Ur oak colot.r suit 12 to 13 hands pony, price £l2 10s ; also Siamese phaeton suit 15 to 16 hands, cheap, can be seen at THE MEWS, Aigburth Vale, Aigburtb, Liverpool.

JJORSES' LOIN CLOT/N.—Best and strongest in the market ; 461 n. low? by 381t,wide. Waterproof on stout navy convas. and weighs 41b. I will send one post free for 3s. Cash returned if not approved.--HY.J.G.issoN, Rye.

SQUIT FARMERS, Market aardeners, or others. Powerful CART MARE 16-2-hands. 7 years. in foal to the noted Shire Marenvo due to foal 29th April. She is warranted sound and reliable in shafts or chains, and quiet to plough. Single or double 28 days approval to intending Purchaser or would let go in good hands ant give toal for keep when weaned. If sold £27.—F. W. WlLLis,l4,Greenside, of Bruns- wick Road, Liverpool.

VSSICO SUDORIFIC for lame or unsound Horses. V Vesico Sudorific is the quickest, safest, and most famous remedy for Weak Joints, Sprained Sinews, Diseased Bone, Puffy Swellings, and all ailments, causing lameness. price 2s. 6d. or 55., of Chemists, or poet free —O-REnortY Co.. Temple, Bristol.

OR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO. BE BOON TO WOMANKIND. They!are the best known Remedy;for Anemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria. Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9id, ls lid, 2s 9d. tis 6d, and lls, May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the Prorrietor. Only Address : 339. PORTOBELLO-ROAD. NOTTING HILL, LONDON W.

SANDBACR SCHOOL, CH. ISSII Ml—Moderate Fees. Illustrated Prospectus from Headmister.

IJNIVEESITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT. A MOST SUCCESSFUL BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOYS. W. HENDERSON, M.A., Principal,

NIISS ETIIEL ItIBBERT L.L.C.M.-PUPILS RECEIVED FOR THE PIANOFORTE. TERMS MODERATE. 21, KENDRICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

OXFORD HOUSE SCHOOL, ST. ANNES-ON-THE-SEA. —BOYS Prepared for the Public Schools. Thorough grounding andindivilualteaching. New, specially desivaed buildings. Michaelmas term begins September 21st. Principal 3.F. BRINDLE, B.A. (Oxon).

OKSHIRM.—WINC H AM HALL, Lostock Gralam. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, Large Mansion and Playing Fields. Excellent Resident Staff. Great successes recent Examinations. 50 Certificates gained last Term. AUTUMN TERSI begins Tuesday September 20. Prospectus, references, views, from Miss PARKES, Principal.

ST. ASAPH GRAMMAR SCHOOL, N. WALES. PUBLIC BOARDING SCHOOL. Well equipped. Laboratory, Workshop. Healthy, pi2turesque situation. Near Cathe- dral. Bracing air. Individual attention. Preparation for university, professional. and commercial exams.—E. MAINER, M.A., B.Sc., head master.

(ZOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL, SCkRISBRICK NRW-ROAD. One of the LARGEST PRIVATH SCHOOLS in the North of England. CAPT. J. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P., F.R.G.S.. Head Master.

MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Music,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE Warrington.

LADIES' COLLP:GE, URNISTON, NEAR MANCHESTER. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOE GIRLS. PRINCIPALS : Mrs. IL ELLIDGE, Trained Certificated Teacher. Registered Column B Teachers' Register; Miss M. HOLLAND, London Trained Kindergarten Teacher. Full staff of Resident English and Foreign Mistresses. and Visit- ing Professors. Pupils prepared for Oxford and Cambridge Local and Music Examinations. FEES MODERATE- PROSPECTUS and REF ERENCESIon APPLICAnorir.

Oates hp Ration. IMPORTANT TO FURNITURE DEALERS, BROKERS AND HOUSEHOLDERS, PRELIMINARY NOTICE. 18 DAYS' SALE BY AUCTION (without reserve) of Manufacturer's Stocks of Household FURNITURE, &c., &c., at 85, BRIDGE ST. and 4, ELYLANDS ST., Warrington, on NOVEMBER 7. 8, g, 10, 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 21. 22, 23. 24. 25 and 26. MR. JOHN MAUINN WILL SELL BY AUCTION ILL. WITHOUT RESERVE, on the above dates, these enormous stocks of Household Furniture,Bedsfeads.Bedding, Carpets, Rugs, Oilcloth, Linoleum, Fenders, Blankets, Red- clothing, Pianos. Organs, Glass, China, Ironmongery, Bar Fittings, Office and Librar;• Furniture, Clocks, Bronze., Lace Curtains, Boot. ani Shoes, Table Linen, Cutlery, Toiletware and Plated Goods. The value of stock exceels £8,600. To be sold without reserve. For full particulars see Bill or this paper Nov. sth. 1904.

ROBERT Lows. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms: No. 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. M. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Second-band Prtrnitnre and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furnituze. &a— warehoused. ' (1 ,

BRONCHITIS, TAKE ONLY VOUGHS, TOWLE'S CEILORODYN E. ASTHMA, ABHOR SUBSTITUTES. COUGHS • CONSU wPTIorg

SCOTTIS PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER DR. SCOTT'S PILLS COMPLAINTS, HEADACHE, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SCOTT'S PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOST Di SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices Is—lid. and 2s. 9d.

NO ONE SHOULD BUY A CARPET, A CURTAIN OR A PIECE OF FURNITURE, WITHOUT INSPECTING GOODALL'S SHOWROOMS, KING STREET, MANCHESTER. • AXMINSTER CARPETS 4s. 3D. PER YARD. LACE CURTAINS 3s. 9D. PER PAIR. CARRIAGE PAID TO ANT RAIL WAY STATION.

ASK YOUR BAKER FOR 7- V EDA" BREAD, THE MOST DIGESTIBLE, DELICIOUS AND NUTRITIOUS. EVERY LOAF IN A SEALED WRAPPER. AGENTS J. TOFT AND SON, 93, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

FIEAVY GAS BILLS. FOR 2s• 6D. PER QUARTER You CAN H&VE THE " SHAW " SENSITIVE GAS CONTROLLER, WHICH WILL RBDUCH YOUR GAS BILL FROM 10 TO 40 PIM CHNT. No TROUBLE. LIST FREE. J. SHAW, 49, DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER.

THE EXAMINER• OCTOBER 29th, 1904.

2/6 EE P IB oAlrr rEBE /LIU BAE DL) Q ART SCOTCH. AND IRISH WHISKEY ALSO IT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 118, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BROS, WINE MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.) EARLY AUTUMN NOVELTIES. W-p 1 • .i• %IV17- ILLIAMS Ia NOW SHOWING) A SSIART COLLECTION OF COATS, FURS, SKI RTS, BLOUSES, &c., &c. PRICES MODERATE. SEE WINDOWS IN SANKEY Sr. & LEGS CT., WARRINGTON

42' 77

( z,

ri/ r

i/

L

. " . THE ';‘,,,' AY TO WEATHER A STORM is to keep Healthy in Mind and Body. C 9 .-,.. ADBU 4:.,. ~,,..„:.b./..„ . COCOA •• ~ .: (THE ABSOLUTELY PURE COCOA) is a food-beverage that sustains the system in strength and hardihood, and keeps the brain clear and alert for all emergencies. HEALTH says : " CADBURY'S Cocoa has in a remarkable degree I THE LADY says:" The nourishing and sustaining properties of those natural elements of sustenance which give the system endurance 1 CADBURY'S Cocoa as a winter beverage cannot be too frequently ' and hardihood, building up muscle and bodily vigour with a steady reiterated, so nobly does it maintain the reputation of this old- action that renders it a most acceptable and reliable beverage." established firm."

"It Has No Equal As A Lung Healer.", The above quotation is taken from the letter of a doctor who has used Angier's Emulsion for the last ten years. No other remedy has such a soothing, healing effect upon throat, lungs and air passages, and no other remedy will so invariably promote appetite, aid digestion and build up strength. It positively has no equal for coughs, bronchitis, consumption and all throat and lung affections. It is pleasant to take and agrees perfectly with delicate stomachs. If you send 3d. for postage, and mention this paper, we will send you a free sample. Ali len E uision (PETROLIUM WITH HTPOPHOSPHITIISL Of Chemists, 1/14, 29 and 4/6; or post free from ANGIER CHEMICAL CO., ID., 32 SNOW HILL, LONDON.

. , ~ . .. •i , .1 41 ) '440 tom • t-r'.,:,, '- i' '''. Are ;„,-- ~.. ..-.... .., 1,... you .. . ..., .., ~. 10. A i :4 ,` 4 • there? . ~. ... , Ves 1 we are 1 , 1, No 1124 ~ PITT H'S, „ ~.,, General Furnishers, .- LONDON ROAD, , MANCHESTER. Wt are proceeding a, quicl,ly : as possible with the comp:eze • Furnishing Order you and • your intended husband favored u, with Vou inay rely upon . OUR BEST ATTENTION. 4 - pi Trirusß, st 4 1T s RENOWNEDIz. 28k, 38k, OF 100, 200. up to 4.000 guineas have been pronoun by practical people the pinnacle of perfection a the priee. Indeed, they are the top of admiration. Their high artistic and intrinsic merits, thetrA beauty and value are apparent to casual inspection. which closer examination and wear oulv conflrm.l: Full particulars, ILLUSTRATED FURNISHIN GUIDE, containing 800 designs, and showing at a glance HOW TO SAVE 50 per cent, post free. Cash quotations only. Easy payments 10 Per cent extra. PS'S MODEL FURNISHED HOUSE seven rooms, EVERYTHING PERFECTLY NEW. for 200 guineas, and also TLIIRT REIS SPBOIMEN FURNISHED ROOMS at 7, 13, 20. 33, 50,65, 75, 100, 125. &a. , guineas each are verb. table eye-openers. Everyone about to furnish ought to see them, aslnothing similar can be found elsewhere. Photos and Details free. - PITTS'S Manchester. _.,

TENNENT9S T LAGER BEER, GUARANTEED BRIGHT & FREE FROM SEDIIIEST. To be obtained from M. WALKER & SONS LTD., WarringW' and of all Grocers and Wine Merchants. Matured in Cold Storage for months before being bottled' See that Every Bottle has the Red TiLabel. hg, Lancelots Hey. Liverpool. z WELLPARK BREWERY, GLASGOIII,-

THE BEST FAMILY MEDICINE. KAYE'S WORDSELL'S PILLS Are a certain cure for Indigestion. Biliousuess, 414a,be Dyspepsia, Constipation, Liver and Kidney Coniplaints,go' For Ladies of all ages they are invaluable. Of all Chemists, Is. 10., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. per 1301 post free on receipt of stamps to DEPOT, 13, St. George Street, Norwich.

TOOTH-ACHE CURED INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S Exeffwarits Decay, Saves traction . Slee pies. Nights Prevent ed. Neuralgic Headaches and all Nerve Pains removed by BUNTER'S NERVINE NERVINE. All Chemists, is. lid, or post free on receipt of stamps to DEPoT, 13. St. George Street, Norwich.

ONE, TWO, OR THREE, according to age and constitution, may be taken of DR. ILKIbTer'S BILIOUS & LIVER PILLS (Guaranteed without Mercury) These Pills have been prescribed by Medical men for over zoo years, are still ahead of all Liver Pills; gentle in their action, restore tone to the general system, and are the safest and most reliable family medicine RS all ages, and absolutely cure the symptoms or Torpid Liver, such as UNPLEASANT BREATIV—WI" GIDDINESS DEPRESSED SPIRITS INDIGESTION BACKACHE— SPASMS— ROUGN TONGUE—ACIDITY AND CONSTIPATION—and stimulate the Liver itself to cow tinued healthy action. Sold everywhere-1/1h 219 and 4411 per W. _

BACKACHE #„. . g.6-1/1 . . . .‘.. HOLDROYD'S GRAVEL PILLS are positive cure for Backache, Lum- bago, Dropsy. Gout, Sciatica, and s.; ',,i• , Rheumatism. FOUR MONTHS ON *6 HIS BACK. Mr. A. Newton, of Felt- barn, writes: '' Your pills have corn- "! '' ' k, pletely cured me after four months on •'.' ,:// , my back." Is. rad. all Ckemists, or post • free, 12 stamps HOLDROYD'S Medi. ' cal Hall, Cleclleaton, Yorks, . V" / ' • ..rri %.,/, tail,

'APO LOLD YOU HAVE ! SOFT VELVETY •• 0 vSI, /.41. IThen use , I#4 ~.., ..8 ,i. ;*'' • '.: , ,:t.4' remeonvtierwelailYll! ROUGHNESS,CHAPS TAN, IRRITATION, in a very short, time, Bottles M.BEETFIA.M 43c. SON. 1 aS.,and2s.6. CHELTENHA! • • -- __ ..• 'X vrrspo ' RUBBER HEEL PAD. —_ ...„____ A real good class Article Every Pair Guar:Lute,. -,---b ,—,.. Ladies' 4i, Gents.' ' 6161.' 2 Tents• .......... ~ Per Pair. Postage Free-1. ~ ~ , ,—.--.: Special:Quotations for Quaati irlikallW , w_ ,/ Laurie & McConnal Ltd.. .icio Rubber Heel Specialists. Calnbi __......i

‘ (I'ht 0.• 114,‘w IS IT THAT "CLARKE'S BL"OD MTXTIOII, tl4 140 such great popularity "1s a question which has PerPilpee6 many. The answer is. that it is unquestionably the lit 0 Blood Purifier that science and medical skill has broufAd Dl, light,. Thousands of wonderful cures have been eflee7,looa it. For Scrofula. Scurvy, Eczema, Skin, and 'OOl Diseases. Bad Legs, Pimples and Sores of all kinage.:ottle effect* are marvellous. Sold everywhere at 2s 9d Per. "2. beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.—Adv" LAKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, i tile sex, all acquired or constitutional discharges ir0n:100 Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Treeso, 64 Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes air each, of all chemists aud Patent ktediline Vendors tbro out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makere_,,' Lincolnland Midland Counties Drug Companv. Lino' Advt. FLORILINE t—FOR THE TEETH AND BREATH.—ThorOrdois 13 cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities. ,0 the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, and gives ;roes teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fretr NC, to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. Per 3' the Floriline " Powder," of all chemists and Perfumers' Advt. hs 16 VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR,—If your turning grey or white or falling off use the Maxie— dref RENEwER, for It will positively restore, in every case, or white hair to its original colour. It makes the harmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the Sl' 400 forl3e. a a 7.er bottle.- - " 0 To IdoTRERs. _ars. INSLOW s 000 thing .yruP eb.• used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for tbs tbe dren while teething.with perfect success. It will relieo .v.. poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste : szroto produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the chila.a.'l, pain and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a bu' 11 Chemists 18.11 d per bottle,—Advt.

FOOTBALL. ITOCKEY.—If one firm of m‘nufacturers more than I_ another keeps abreast of the times in the matter of Implements for Sport, that firm is GEO- G. BUSSE & Co.. of London. who are leading the way again with their Hockey Clubs and Balls which bear their well-known trade mark. Ask the local Sports Dealer for G.G.B. & Co.'s Special Hockey List. If not procurable apply to 36 & 38. Queen Victoria at., London. Factory—Peckham, 13. V. (64). RUNCORN (A) v. LEIGH (A). At Runcorn. The home team had the best of matters and Kennedy and J. Walker scored tries and Poole kicked a goal. Okell, of Leigh, was ordered off the field. In the second half the game was even. Leigh lost the services of Houghton through injury. Harrison placed a penalty goal. Final :—Runcorn (A), 2 goals 2 tries; Leigh (A), nil.

'a 'I * 0 a ; I 1 !, I 1 I fir I • • ,

EVERYTHING as it should be PRACTICAL from a Practical Man FOOTBALLS— Bound, Sound, and Durable The Football King, 0/6 W , Used England v. Scotland (5 times) event in the world ot Football. 1 10 ,L . The League Ball_ ___ B/6 English Cup Final (6 times), every .1` ' Centre-Half t!, 1 iip si Rlynker „ . 1 1 7/6 6/6 •1 3n 'dor Leagne„ __ _ .., l5/- 1 RN I OREM,— Cf. Wide-fitting but not Baggy. Navy or White, 1/6,1111, 2/6, 316 i I SHIRTS— perWeII Sewn and Comfortable 111 IS 'v, Flannelette, 2/3, 25/- doz. Matting Cloth, 2/9, 30/- per doz. Cntearahle, 3,6, 40/- per dos BOOTS— ' t'.. With Permanent Toes, on Good J Lasts, Easy yet Tight-fittiny. Scot 10/6 Junior League 019 League ...._ _ ....10/15 I Don 6l- S.C. .7/9 t Marvel SHIN GUARDS, GUARDS, 10d, 1/6, 2/6 H TftltKet BAGS-3/6, 4/6, 5/6, Tie La B. ctKi.lgwe ri tlicihal . . v 6 GOAL NETS-301-, 35/-, 45/- Cork Grip ......6/- HOCKEY BALLS— Special 5/- 316, 4/6, 5/- Klyriker 4/6 BOXING GLOVES—Per Set of 4, 4/9. Gold Cape 6/6 8/9, 11/6, 14/6 _

5 Ii GG Ft°RGEUEE itfA LOR D ST LIVERPOOLCF

THE NORTHERN UNION. NORTHERN LEAGUE. First Division, _ WARRINGTON v. WIGAN. The ever-exciting match between Warrington and Wigan at Wilderspool was played on Saturday before a fine crowd of 8,000 people. Beautiful weather favoured the event and a fast, keen game followed, -though play was not always of a high standard. Both teams were I representatiye, Harris turning out for the home team f for the first time since the opening match with Leigh! when he sustained an injured knee. The teams were : Warrington—Hallam, back; Fish, Isherwood, Dicken- son, and Harris, three-quarter backs; Hockenhall and Davies, half backs; Thomas, Cook, Belton, Shugars, Morrison, Preston, Jolley. and Naxio r, for wards. Wigan—Mason, back; .Leytham; Harris, W. Jones and Lowe, three-quarter backs; Anderson and Tresize, half backs; Collier, Hilton, Barton' Vickers, Fryer,lOsborne, Whittaker, and Blears, forwards. Referee, Mr. W. J. Dance, Morecambe. Touch judges, Messrs. H. Davies, Flixton, and J. Graham, St. Helens. Hilton started for Wigan, and the opening phases of the match went in favour of the visitors. Eventually Hockenhall broke away, and Dickenson rushed over only to be recalled for some informality. The attack was maintained, and Anderson being penalised, Preston landed a fine goal from a difficult position. Wigan then made a prolonged visit to the opposite end, but their efforts lacked finish, and Warrington again took up a strong position, Hockenhall failing with a clear field before him. By easy stages Wigan got out of a tight corner, and after Windsor Jones had failed to drop al goal, Leytham placed a penalty goal, and at half-time) the score was two points each. Turning round, Warrington at once took up an attack- ing position and though Leytham drove the locals out, Fish was instrumental in placing Warrington again on the aggressive with a long run and , after Davies had failed near the line, Preston landed a penalty goal. The home forwards now forced the pace, and near the close Preston forced his way over, and also added the goal. The ex-Swintonian thus scored all the nine points accruing to Warrington, and received an ovation on leaving the ground. Final :—Warrington, 3 goals 1 try (9 points) ; Wigan, 1 goal (2 points). • WIDNES v. ST. HELENS. At Widnes, before 4,000 spectators. St. Helens won the toss, and Curtis started for Widnes. Alf. Taylor mulled badly, but was able to recover himself, and put in a beautiful run to within a few yards of the line. The Widnes backs got going, and Wailing was almost over the line when he was pushed into touch. St.Helens gradually worked their way into the home half, and when Tilley wasabout to save, he lost possession, and Prescott had nothing to do but ground the ball. Tray- nor failed from an .easy position. Half-time score : St: Helens, 1 try (3 points) ; VVidnes, nil. Immediately on restarting Tilley was collared on his own line, and from the subsequent scrummageEdinonds got:possession, and passed out to Hall, who dropped a goal. After this St. Helens had the best of the game, and Widnes were kept on the defence. As the result of a good passing movement, Traynor scored at the corner but Jones failed to improve. -Just before the finish' Widnes pressed, but could not score. Result :—St. Helens, goal 2 tries (8 points); Widnes,nil. Teams:— Widnes.—Tilley, back; Wailing, J. Taylor, A Taylor, and Barber, three-quarter backs; Kennedy, and Jolley, half bacl;s ; Argent. Curtis, Cockram, Lynch, McCabe, McDonald, Turner, and Webster' forwards. St. Helens.—Jones, back: Hunter, Traynor, Devereaux, and Barton, three-quarter backs: Edmonds and Hall, half backs; Briers, Prescott, Thompson, Whiteley, Sherwood, Mooney. Wharton, and Maverty, forwards. Referee, Mr. Gibson, Salford. Touch judges, Messrs. T. J. Elliott, Birkenhead, and J. Simm, Wigan. IiVAKEFIELD TRINITY v. OLDHAM. At Wakefield, before 5000 spectators. The play was mostly confined to the forwards, and in this depart- ment Trinity had the advantage. Spottiswood scored a

In the ordinary way if a cue-ball be placed tt the extreme end of the D, and using a medium- pace. stroke without any side, aim be taken at a point on the opposite cushion about 12 or 15 :nches oat of baulk, the ball will rebound across zhe table and then across again as shown by the Continuous line on the diagram 21. DIAGRAM M. • ,pie of the eccentric angling of a . ball which occurs on tables witt ushions. Contact with the first

Goddare6- Plater_ Powder ne CleaninjSilverEleetroPiate& stild everywhere II; 2/o& 4/ci.

fl New Departure J EWSBU RY& 8R0W1145 tor, In TOOTH PgISTE • Collapsible --- I Tubes l- Re vn gi Rad As. „ • 3( ; ~• Also in Pots l/6&2/6. OnlyGerwiße.

- - - - INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE. OF OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY BY EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. _— A RECORD CURE! AN INFALLIBLE REMEDY ! ! 32, Archer-street, Breakfast Creek, Bayswater, Brisbane Queensland DaeattareSkierd,—wSiotmh eßlhseuymeaartsicagooolutha. dlthtreiemdisnfeoarry . London, W. misfortune Dear Sir,—Sunday night my big toe pained me, on be Monday it was much worse, and in the evening I could the doctors here, but they did not do me much good. I scarcely walk. At 6 p.m. I sent for a bottle of your saw your advertisement and obtained some of your Gout Pills, and took two at once. At 9.30 I was much pills, and I can assure you quickly got relief. When I relieved, and could eat my supper. I took another feel any of the pains coming on, two or three pills gen- before going to bed, and although so hot I got a fair erally take them away. Many of my friends have used night's rest. I have takentwo more pills to-day, and them, and all say they are an infallible remedy. For I now, at 6.30, lam alright again. This is a record cure. myself, I say there are none to equal them. Yours truly, Yours truly PHILIP BRANS. S. L. HOWMAN. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly j safe in their action, eliminate all in- injurious matter, and are highly restorative. urious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. ' EADE'S GOUT 8c RHEUMATIC PILL S __

Results for Saturday October 22nd. : Upon that occasion the Decauville incident was per- FIRST DIVISION. haps the most extraordinary of all. Mr. Moffat Ford Earlestown Y.M.C.A. 3, Orford Barracks 2. was himself driving his 16 h.p. touring Decauv lie, and Warrington St. Mary's 1, Stockton Heath 0. was instructed by an official to stop "at the first white Latchford Britannia 1, Crosfield's 0. ; line." This he did, but it proved to be a wrong one, SECOND DIVISION. ; having been left there in error; the end of the mile Warrington St. Paul's 2, Warrington Central 2. ' was further on! He quickly picked up speed again and Vulcan 8, St. Mary's Reserve 0. got away, beating his rival handsomely, even though he Stockton Heath Reserve 3, Christ Church 1. had stopped and re-started. To his utter astonishment, Penketh 2, St. Barnabas 1. however, he was not allowed to start in the final. The Albion Reserve 6, Daresbury 0. Committee had decided not to allow the fastest in each Widnes St. Ambrose 1, Widnes St. Paul's 4. class to run (although that was the arrangement Matches for Saturday October 29th:— expressly stated on the rules), and as the time he had FIRST DIVISION. made was not so good as that of one or two others, Mr. Britannia v. Thelwall, referee C. Taylor. Ford was debarred from competing—and this in spite Albion v. Orford Barracks, referee T. P. Forbes. of the fact that loss of time in the preliminary heat had Stockton Heath v. Lymm, referee F. Clegg. been entirely owing to the crass stupidity of one of the SECOND DIVISION: Club's own officials. Truly, the ways of the Automobile St. Mary's Reserve v. Central, referee J. R. Davies. Club are wonderful! Widnes St. Ambrose v. Penketh, referee 3. Lloyd. 1 Christ Church v. Vulcan, referee J. Parry. - St. Barnabas v. Aluion Reserve, referee Col.-Sergeant Hughes. Daresbury v. Stockton Heath Reserve, referee Sergeant J. Grailey. URICURA LINIMENT Crosfield's Reserve v. Warrington St. Paul's, referee .I . . AND DROPS J. A. Pendry. , , , , •• . (HAinioNn's &mamas) HALTON JUNIORS v. WIDNES PARISH RECS. CURES' '., Have permanentl- cured This league match took place at Halton in fine weather RHEUMATISM, many bad cases of gni ten before a nice crowd of spectators. Halton made two to twenty years' standing. alterations in their team, and Widnes turned out in full - • :11 anThdeyeffgeivcte aimennliagthuicrekilyieiff, strength. Half-time resulted with a blank sheet. LUMBAGO , i Reed as directed. Restarting, the ball was brought into the home goal , For Rheumatism, L 11133- and Bennett having a good shot, Walker headed . SCIATICA imago, Sciatica, the Drops the ball out which went over the line the corner-kick I should be taken in conjunc. resulting in a dead ball. Soon after this the visitors NEURALGIA, tion with the Liniment. For Colds on the Chest and pressed hard, and Bennett opened the score with a good shot. Halton now tried hard to equalise, but were over- SPRAINS AND Sore Throat, and also for Sprains and Bruises, the powered and could not score, though they had several , , , , Liniment is unrivalled. It is good chances which they threw away. Houghton was I BRUISES used by some of the leading now hurt and had to playlat goal. After a tedious game, football clubs. Magnificent the Widnesians took back with them two more points testimonials from well known ISE- FAILS. people. Halton losing by the narrow margin of one goal to nil. . Soldbyallleading Chemists, and the HAMMOND REMEDIES CO., BARRY. nr. CARDIFF. Liniment, l'li ; Drops, 1/11; postage 3d. extra.

•URICURA CURES RHEUMATISM, LUMBAGO,' ' • ,SCIATICA, • NEURALGIA, SPRAINS AND BRUISES WHEN ALL ELSE FAILS. Price 1/li,

TROUSERS niZ MILLION. x., 3/6 per pair, carriage paid. 5000 pairs to be sacrificed at 3/6 par pair. Men's Good Strong Dark Tweeds. Send • ' Al,' waist and leg measure. Cash with order. ' st, 44, o SPENCER BROTHERS (Dept. 4), Wholesale Tailors, EARLSFIELD, S.W.

- Y() MUST KNOW GAUTIER'S PILLS, composed of Apiol Tansy, Pennyroyal, and Steel REGULATE THE SYSTEM. Invaluable for all disorders of the fernalel constitution. Post free Md.. 2s. 3d. and 4s. 6d. per box, Mention this paper. bole Agents, BALDWIN & CO., Chemists (Dept.c.oo) 9, Electric Parade, Holloway, London.

NIXEYP ,4r 4.,,i3.4.4. LEAD iim.TKEKINc. BRILLIANT, BLACK, BEAUTIFUL.

-.-,r.r..6.11.111,1411181111.. - - FITZROY HEEL PAD. - Guaranteed. Best Quality Revolving Heels obtaisable at tlxii low prices of v 114, LADIES, 4id., GENTS, per pair, post free. - - LAURIE Si MeCONNAL, Ltd. HEEL PAD Rubber Heel Spec lists, CAMBRIDGE.

co Oesdn• Todhostels on application. 40 2". k PRIVATE ;Is ---Fc'-7C-- -vrith gat/ own vluAo Avon Si 6 iwzrziA mho CARDS 116 DOZ.' Printod with your Own Wording, Fame and Addresa. SAMPLI3 BOOK BENT for oelectaon—whieh id returnable. THOMAS aftoTHERs & CO.. THE PRINTERS. EVERTOR ROAD. LIVERPOOL. 111.1110111111

~ IiAIiFYLL ,:tta: \a- • v 'ISJA .„...:,......?;4,,. ciG £4 , •,. -a-- iwi 0 . 47///),/.:, ore iNeloNeit vo..lue tr,,,,v75, IN bnctikugari • A i____;/!:, Obrolmbie GOOD I/Tilly fli.,-*'''' 5110 K ES oolvA .4 2e6c.k 7 Jorilla loitnirit,yll 1 019 R3O 1 liu, . ~ qlx, Der box 111 z,V, 03-50 Oil ' - i AVI S 5 (3;2.05 a° COVENTRY I, .... uti • . -

AGHNTS 'Joseph Beswick/ Rorsemarket Street I WARRINGTON. W. SHAW Jun., Top Locke, Runcorn, S. JRAVORS, 21, George St., St. Helens. R. CULSHAW, 38 Burscough St., Ormak irk.

The BEST WATCHES are pS "LONDON A ; Unequalled for Accuracy, Durability, and Strength. Buy of the Actual Makers and Save ONE TI-lIFED. '_--k---7ith„. st-12.12(- In Silver Cases. In 18-ct. Gold Cases. BENSON'S .t.,,' (ir-, z) N s WORLD FAMOUS T. v 'LUDGATE' /- la -\\ ~.. /iy,,,. ~_ B E ST, THREE and . SQTAORNTGEERS T , r, ILondon,AE nllsllaisdho ... /4' it' • g ,\- . . Lever Watch. . Chronometer Balance, all Latest Improvements, Silver Cases with Crystal Glass. . ' 1---' 7 , Made in Three Sizes, at one Price, £sss. n In Massive-ct. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, 4,, lii ' Gentlemen's, £l2 12s. Ladies', £lolos. , t t SYSTEM \ I‘. • al;• ,- - . OR Olc i i rEt Ztute,cs OF MONTHLY PAYMENTS _.,..„._. I .. At same Prices as for CASH. pi 01- —.,,,A BENSON'S ..,.\ Pearls, £1 . ss. GEM RINGS Brilliant, Rubies, or • Sapphires, £2 .15s. ' 7--- 1 0 000 ALWAYS IN STOCK AT MAKERS' CASH PRICES. (ipszorwlo ILLUSTRATED BOOK of Watches, Clocks, •-‘.'% •., :f.--1' Brilliants and Chains, Rings, Brooches, " Imperial " Plate, --1--- ---- -- Sapphires, £2 .Ios. Cutlery and Bags. POST FREE. Brilli ants, £4 . 4s. , ' J. W. BENSON, Ltd.5 The Premier Watchmakers of the World. . . 4-081Xy: 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON, E.C. .

TIRED MEN. When you are tired of taking mysterious prescriptions,and weary of wearing Blectrh Belts, write tome, and I will send you a Book, which shows how every man, young and old, may be quickly and thoroughly cured of NERVOUSNESS. EXHAUSTION, VARICOCELE, and DEBILITY, from any cause whatever. WITHOUT STOMACH MEDICINIC, or ELECTRICITY. Hundreds of cures. Book sent sealed,post free, for two stamps.—A. J, LEIGH. 92 end 93,Great Russell Sr.. London. W.C. ,Over seventeen years' successful results.

rap .4 rip I I • 2 • Cu SURD POT/DIR. Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increa.ses the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RlCti IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. Custard is the one thing weeded with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled :Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO EGOS I NO RISK I NO TROUBLE!

MERRYWEATHER ON WATER SUPPLY AND FIRE PROTECTION of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements. WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS: lERRITEATHER & SOH, 11, LON ACRE, LOBO, TLC. ' IVAIIHIN4III AT NOM.* smanwonirs "vows.. xui. W. iraiswor sag Mauißad Ilt& SATIN TINS, SAYE LABOUR. *Rd SAYS WM menus. Writs for Calaloglos, Ault from on akafrantittfra MOM THOMAS BRADFORD A 00, so, 14i, and zo, HUM 1.1*L./107i1, 1.41110■0111; INCITOXII6 Avicrus, DRANSGATIL. MAISCHEM_An• lkisal4nwmFt_ Lariutroin. ; CltliKsPrr beolg WOW. 641.0.1111116

Ht' ~..„•..•, ~,...,., . s:,,,,tic : V Hoe's Sauce as a relish is all that can be desired. Delight- fully appetising, and wholesome beyond question.

GOUT 1-INDI ' RHEUMATIC PILLS: A LOTION MAY TEMPORARILY SOOTTI,BUT BLAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILL": goes to the root of the mischief, and is really the only true remedy for Gout, Rheumatism, Sciatica, and Lumbago. All Chemists and Stores atls.lld. and 25.9 d. per box. Thames Nautical Training College mics.-WORCESTER." Off Greenhithe, Kent. :tlucates Boys for OfficePs , the lylorohant Service. Naval Cadetships granted annually and appointments to R.N.R. ,pply W. M. BULLIVANT. Hon. Sec. 72. Mark Lane. London, E.C.

IAB lINGIND-IPOR SALE, 3 b.p.; £l5; may be seen working any time.—Apply Yumax,ls4.Northst.Leads BATBS'S GAS and OIL BNGINBS. successfully exhibited U at all important shows; hundreds in use; quick livery;de- all s I zes.—W.Z.BATEB & Co..Lrb..Denton.Manchestac N BALL Combined PLANING, SAWING, and MOULD . IRO MACHIN EL to plane foul sides at one operation circular and band saw with 10 saws, and large quantity ot outters.-51, AsHwoRTH STREET, Rochdale.

pATENT OFFIC fd ANC/LESTER BaTABLISIIED IN 1836. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha... 1 more than IC years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment. and posses s practiaa I knowledge of the ootton,woollesi and iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, & SON. M.S.A 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANOMETER. QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMITS') (late Ormerod: 13 Grierson and CO.), HUIMe. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WEIBEL and PULLET PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchase all Wheel, POW and Tooth Block Patterns Ac., belonging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London•road Iron %Forks, Mancheiter, ant. are in a position to Supply cssrums, Millwright,endi a kir 44 of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues Wheels and eulley Patterns on application. ' N.T., No. 229, Manchester: Te legraphic address: " Ormerod Gr,arson. Manchester'.

- - - - - -- Deaths. PECKAVANCE—On the 22nd inst at 16, Winmarleigh- street, IVarrington,Edward Pickavance in his 66th year. in Memoriam. In ever loving memory of Joseph Shaw Green wh° entered into rest, October 29th, 1903.
