===== 0002601_19040625_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Lint. whE not rish

===== 0002601_19040625_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
the' rays. tter ned ars-

ade• out • tur-

===== 0002601_19040625_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,44,

N 0.1314

===== 0002601_19040625_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLAN LINIC.-40 CANADA, UNITED STATES. RIVER PLATS, AND INDIA.

SAILINGi—FROiI LIVBP:eOOL.

---. - _ (The only line under Government contract for the nonvevance of Canadian Mails). BAVARIAN Quebec and Montreal June 30 CLUNG& CITY OF VIHNNA Colombo and Calcutta July 7 PARISIAN Quebec and Montreal July 7 CARTHAGINIAN ...St. Johns'Hallfax a Phil July 9 °CHAN RATR3—To Canada. Saloon from £l4. Secondly Cabin,27 10$.; Third Class £3. To India, £37 10s.and £27 101. For full rat-Ml*2lam apply to ALLAN'S. 103.Leai1enhali Street London, 8.C., and 19. James-street. Liverpool

===== 0002601_19040625_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

SATURDAY, JUNE 25, 1904.

itotelg, Optirocs, Eaartiing Cgtab

===== 0002601_19040625_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
IHR NEW FRENCH REMEDY.

THRHA PION. Thil, successful and highly popular remedy, j_ a. ,mployed in the Continental Hospitals by Rieord itnetrin, Jobert Velpeau, and others. surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots. blotehes, Pains and swelling of the joints. kiOney,bladder and urinary disease•stricture, discharges. Piles, grs,vel, pains in the back, rheumatism ,gout.sleeplessneu,nery ous Ana physical exhaus- tion, etc. Therapion is prepared in three different forms Nos 1, 2 and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Full rarticulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to tdR R. JOHNSON 43, HOLFORD-NIJALL. LONDON.

17‘. JOHN VV ALKER & CO.

RIAMINHR OFFICII, WARRINGTON. BEWSEF STREF% . WARRINGTOY

SPECIAL facilities for PRINTING all kinds of EDUCATIONAL WORKS. PLACARDS. EXTRA LARGE SIZa OUR speciality. ADDRESSES, Pamphlets. Secretaries Reports an., printed in any size and quantity. EXAMINER OFFICE, la WARRINGTON

‘,Y YOST }I 73fi per Quarter 6s 6d per minus is per Quarter credit'

iitpartnunts gurntobeli 3Douotl ett

COMFURTABLII APALITMSSTS for one or two gentle- men.-34, LOVELY LANE, Warrington.

i ILEVIALHYS.—Mrs. HARTLEY, Alexandra House. near sea k_./ and electric trains; piano; bath.

N" QUAY. CORNWALL—Superior APARTMFINTS, near station, beaches; golf, tennis.—" WmKafir."

LRCKPOOL.—gomfortable APARTMENTS, off prom- enade; piano.—Mßs. MERP3oto, 24, Yorkshire St.

COLWYN Bay, North WaIes.—APARTMENTS, near sea and woods.—Mrs. R. BL&IN, Bdeuderry, Lawson Rd.

BLACKPCOL.—Mrs. WHITEHEAD and MISi HASTWELL,S9 Albert rd.; 2 mina. from Central Station and sea ; piano.

COLWYN BAY.—COMFORTABLB AFAR ftdliNTS.— Apply Mn. JoNEs.Woodiand Park House,Woodland Rd.

AK h DI 'I HIIJI .—Buttermere FUHNISHIID

1/ TO I.IIIT by week or month. one sittinA-rlorn ;two bedrooms (three beds). Terms modernie.—Apply Mrs. B. Crng Nouse, Buttermere. Cookermouth.

HARROGATIL—HOUSK TO LHT, FURNISHRD, July and August, " Ash Bank Alexandra Park ; five or six bedrooms, three leception. loose box. coachhouse ; pleasantly situated ; six tninutes trona station ; overlooking Kursaal grounds ; south-west aspect; six guineas per week.

gpartments, furnisberi 3LI aust3 vr

MRS. HILL, Geneeta, St. Andrew's road. South. St. Anne.. APAHMIHNTS, publics and private. Piano,

Near Sea.

QOARBOEO'.—Mrs. Rlonaansort.Manobester liouse,Ceme- tery rd. ; Comfortable APARTMENTS ; terms moder- ate; piano.

BRIdBIIOII, near Kendal.—To be Let, FURNISHIIIi COTTAGN ; four rooms; rent 15s, per week. -THE MILL COTTAGE.

-DORT BRIN ; /Evendale flouse.—APAßT SORTS, near 1 station, snore, and golf Links; terms molerate.— Mrs. T. Gam

BLACKPOOL.—Homely APARTMENTS, near Central Station and pier.—Mrs. C. GRAHAM, 45 Livingstone rd. off Hornby rd.

-MEW BRIG HTON,—Comfortable APARTMIINTS ; two LI minutes from shore, ears, and Marine Park.- 11a, WATERLOO RD.

BLACKPOOL.—Reliable APARTMBN CS or Board ; ea. cellPnt sea view.—Mrs. JAMES. 12, Bt. Chad's 1'024 Promenade, B.S.

LIANDUDNO ; beautiful situation, near Bee; well-aired 1,1 beds, batb.—Misses STRATTON, Fron-Dirion, .14osebery Avenue, Craig-y-don.

CIARBOROUGH . —Comfortabie APARTMENTS, one Li minute from station; near sea and spa.—Apply, 11, BELLE VUE TERRACE.

LACKPOOL.—APARTIIIitirS,pubIic and private.—rdiar 1) CHARNLEr, 97, Hgerton rd. (opp)site rdethodtst Free Church), North Shore.

EILRRTWOOD,—PrIvate SITTING-ROOM or APART- J. 2 !VENTS, near sea and cars ; terms reasonable.—Mrs. SHARPLEII, 61, Poulton rd.

QOUTHPORT--Comfortstble APARTMENTS, pleasantly LI situated ; two minutes from promenace and Lord at.— Mrs. BMERY, 66, Bath et.

MORFA NBVIN, .NORTH WALES.—APARTMENTS until 11,21d41e ot July. Five minutes to beackand golf links.—RoBERTS. Moninedd.

1 YTHAM.—FURNIbIiRD COTTAGR, four bedrooms. in 1.1 pretty country 3 miles from Lytham, to let for July.— LocKEY, Warton, Kirkbsm.

B11)14.0KPOOL. —Public and Private APARTMENTS, with, or without board, grand position, piano, sea view.—Mrs HAYTACK, 44, Lytham-road.

ST. ANNES-ON-SICA. —Well furnished APA.RTMIINrS. public or private; bath: &c.; piano, mocierate.—Blirs T. moil. West View, albert rd.

L 4.CK POOL. —Mrs. Hamar/. 36. Bairetow-street, Cora- fortable APARMIHNTS. is per day and night each person. NearCentral Pier. Pia no.

11DOWLLHBLI, West-en-I.—APARTMENTS; 3 or 4 bed- 1. rooms, E• sitting ; close to sea; beautiful beach and ecenery.—Mfc. WILLIAMS, Greentiela House.

NEW BRIGHTON.—Mtid. EIVISON, Egerton Villa. Egerton it.. Comfort.ble APARIMENT3, near Perry. and New Promenade. Terme moderate.

ABBRYSTWYTH LT .—APART MR V pleasantly situated near sea and station ; home somforts.—Mrs. LEA (late of Midlands). Binswood, Llanbadarn rd.

1.111.9.CKP00L —Mrs. GEORGE H. COULSON. 10, Kirby-rd., LI near Manchester Hotel, sea, and new Promenade. APARTMSNTS with or without board.

MORFA NRVIN, NORTH WALBS. —TO LT FUR- L NISHED plessimtly situstel: Fsrrn-house, three minutes to neftch, Golf.--Jornce. fronhyfryd.

BLACKPOOL.—Nfre. CRABTREE, 93 Sgerton rd.. North Shore, APARTMIINTS, Public or Private with or. without board. Piano, every home comfort.

O Near Dinigias. 1.0 NI —Furnished Sitting kl Room. with one or two Bedrooms without attendance. —Mrs. W CATS, 14, Victoria avenu-, Onehan.

QT. ANNRS—ON-ißA.—Clomfortable Private APART Num.rs. sitting and two bedrooms ; 3 mitts. stttioa terms 40s , inclusive.-10, SPRINGFIELD-RD.

g I LLSWATBII.—PATTHROALE HOTHL. Ullsmael*, Pea U rith ; stands in its own grourAs ; facing lake; terms moderate.—Misses HUDSON, Proprirtresses.

A BICRYbTWYTH.—COMVOBTABLB APARTMUNTS ; PI good cooking; piano ; close to the sea; moderate terms —Mrs. WILLIAMS, Glenhuntly, Custom House at.

DLACKPOOL.—ORABTREE'S, 9, Yates street, Dickson .1..) Road, North Shore, near sea. Public and Private APARTMIINTS. 'Terms moderate, Home Comforts.

KllNDAL.—Bedroom and Sitting-room, FITENIStiIiD ; outskirts; good trout fishing - charming scenery I piano, terms moderate.—Mrs. FOSTER, 6. West St.

BERYSTWITH.—Furnished APARTMRNTS, three minutes' walk from sea ; terms moderate.—Apply Mrs. HUMPHREYS, 2 Chalybeate st., Aberystwyth.

A BKHICSTWYTH.—Uomfortabm APAR, UMHNTS (piano) ; half minute from new promenade and castle; moderate terrns.—Mrs. PRICE, Seafield House, Rheidol Terrace.

BLACKPOOL. Comfortable APARTYRINTS ; three minutes walk from Central Station and nea Near all amusements. Piano.—Mrs. T GlB4os. 39, Chapel it.

XTBW BRIGHTON.-41.partments or Board- itesidence 1..1 every convenience ; eine to station, electric cr.rs, shore and tower. Terms moderate.-39, GROSVicKoIi ROAD.

I LANDUDNO.—Superior APARTHRNTS, near Pier. -LA Promenade and motor gArage ; south aspect —Mrs. JONES, Burleigh House, Cburch Walks. Terms moderate.

A NGLISSEY, Red Wharf Btv, a Ilvelv spot; two enter. Cl. tainiug rooms. four bedrooms TO BB LIU ; comfort- able home.—Mrs.Owelia.Strand View,Tyn-y-Gungl,Anglesey

BlACKPOOL.—Comfortable APAttIM 'MTh, public and private ; bath and piano ; trams pass the door; five hAnutes walk from Talbot-road Station.—MAß NIAM, ,113„ ITEw rd.

LLA.NDUDNO.—HighIy recommendeA AP .RTURNTS ; one minute from promenade; excellent cooking; every conveniPnce ; terms moderate. —MANDALAY HousE. Victoria Avenue

A BERGELR, SRA ROAD. —Well furnished house with II excellent piano if desireL`. Facing woods and Gw,ych Castle. Three entertaining rooms, live or six bedrooms.— Apply Mrs. JOHNSON.

rilo TIN SOLD Lilt Ltia. Furnistiel,lB Forest rd. arporlev; excellent house with modern conveniences and stabling and garden.—Apply W. ti. LIVE4LEY, Braev Green, neir Tarporiev. OhPahl re.

ATENAI SIBAITS ; well IoUtiNIS4I4D HOUill stands- .A.s.l in its own grounds;three entertainlng,eiglat b d rooms (ten beds) ; stable ; tennis lawn, field &C. —PROTHERO, Haulfryn, Menai Bridge.

A DIGIBiIiY, BAY, Rose Cottage, Furnished P&RTIBNN. Jun, July, August. and epternber. three sitting rooms.teven beiroorns, one minute's walk from shore.— Mrs. J. S. RVANS.

MOItIiCAMBH W.K.—MS HI NOLK, -Lima House, 11 Promenade: finest position and most extensive view of bay from all bitting and bedrooms ; public. private or boarding ; terms morler4te

I3LACK POOL—Visitors will find Comfortable 4.0 COM- MODATION at Mrs. EMMANUEL HAVVORTted. 83 Albert road. near Central Station. Public or Private apartments with or without Board. Piano

DO U LTON-LIS-F ILD J. —Cpuntry APART ABNTS, near 1 Blackpool ; public and private; pianos, orchard; pony and trap for hire ; accomulodation for cyclists.—ire. BERRY, Springfield House, t'oulton-le-Fylde.

pLAOßPOOL.—Cainfartable. clean and homely APART- MHNTS at Mrs. itßEENwoon's, 39, Yorkshire street, close to Central Station and New I•romenade ; a home from horn', ; terms moderate. flecommsnded.

MORKCAMBIA BAY, lo It IURNIIIBO HOUSK or APARTMENTS two sitting-rooms, five bedrooms (6 beds). Mountain views. Close to shore and stattan.—Mrs. HUDSON, liellet Cottame. bandside, Milnthorpe.

AKH DISTRIOr—FARMHOU3H A.PARTMHECTS;beauti- JL/ fully situated %t pretty village, 5 miles from Bowness ; good cycling roads ; 2 .itting, 5 bed rooms ; piano; terms reasonable.—Apply ABBOTT, Dodo's How, Crosthwaite, near Kendal.

LKT, Comfortably FURNInHEIJ HOUSE for any 1 length of time ; three sitting, six bedrooms (eight beds) bath h 1 c ; coicb-house and sable ; garden, fowl run ; near sea, station and mountains ; terms moderate.— KDMeNDBLEY , Prestatyn.

EXTERNAL TREATMENT.—SIMPLE, SAFE DER rAI N NO HUMBUG, NO BUNKUM. GUARANTEED Tub MOST WONDERFUL SPECI YOH HUMAN SUFFERING EVER PLACED BEFORE THR PUBLIC.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
VITA-LEO

CONQUERS Pain. Sickness, and Suffering. Restore, and Preserves Health. Prolongs Life. AN IDEAI EMBROCATION FOR ATHLETES. ViTA-LEO OINTMENT CURES Ba ( Legs, Ulcers, Sores. wounds, Eczema, and other Skin Disesses.tilood Poison, Piles. Fistula, &a. POST FREE : VITA-LEO Is. 3d., Is. 9d., and 2s. 9d 1,•. OINTMENT, 7d. and Is. Id. Direct trom Manufacturers. IJASSARD AND CO., 180 GREAT BRITAIN STREET. DUBLIN. Pamphlet on' Disease, Cause, Prevention and Cure" free PLEASE MENTION TRIO PAPER.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, , - -

1

===== 0002601_19040625_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
'`,ll

STOCKTON HEATH.

DIOCESAN SUNDAY.—The annual diocesan sermons were preached in St. Thomas's Church on Sunday, in the morning by the Rev. A. F. White, of Warrington, and in the evening by the Hon. and Rev. C. F. Cross, -vicar of Stretton. The collections amounted to £6 14s. 4d., which is an increase upon last year's amount. ANNIVERSARY SERVICES AT HILL CLIFFE.—The summer anniversary, which is the principal event of the year in connection with Hill Cliffe Baptist Church, was celebrated on Sunday. In the morning a flower service was held in the chapel, when the children having assembled in the school, each with a bouquet of flowers, walked in single file down the aisle and presented their floral offerings to Mrs. Hughes and Miss Moss, who placed them on the communion table. The service was -of exceptional interest. Miss Dutton, of Moore, had promised to give an address, and the audience was an exceptionally large one for a morning service, the chapel being full. The Pastor presided and read the lessons, the Rev. S. D. Thomas, of Earlestown, offering prayer. Master Stanley Jones, sang " Count your many blessings" in a pure sweet voice. Suitable hymns were sung. and Miss Dutton gave an addrees on the teaching and lessons of flowers. Mr. James Strange presided at the organ. In the afternoon the chapel was filled. The Pastor twain conducted the service, and the sermon was preached by the Rev. S. D. Thomas on " Righteous- ness." Miss Lucy Davies, of Hollinfare, feelingly sang "Come unto Me." A select choir under the leadership of Mr. J. M. Muir rendered the anthem " Hear my prayer" in excellent style, the singing of the united choir being good during the whole service. Mr. Muir presided at the organ. Tea was provided in the school- room for visitors. For the evening service the chapel was filled, and an overflow service was held in the large schoolroom. The service in the chapel was conducted entireFy by the Rev. S D. Thomas, who spoke upon the case of the young ruler who came to Christ. Miss Lucy Davies again delighted the congregation with a credit- able rendering of" Sun of my soul." The Chapel choir sang the anthem "Therefore with Angels" and well known hymns were contributed and joined most heartily in by the congregation. Mr. James Strange was at the organ. The overflow service in the schoolroom was conducted by the Pastor, who preached on " Galleo the indifferent." Miss Moikon`was at the (organ and the hearty, though brief service was appreciated. The collections for the day amounted to about £3O.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT CAUSES RHEUMATISM. And Why Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People Cure It.

Mr. Frederick Turner, of East-street, Bridgtown, Cannock, isa noted local musician, and a man of great intelligence. His narrative (confirmed by the "Walsall Observer" newspaper) of how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People cured him of Rheumatic fever—the worst form of Rheumatism—is therefore worthy of special attention, esppcially as it shows what Rheumatism is, and h(

low it is citosed• _ y , ' - / (

===== 0002601_19040625_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Duchess of Teck who, with the Duke, represented their Majesties the King and Queen at the wedding of Princess Alexandra of Cumberlend, is a lady of great charm. She is considered to be very like her sister-in- law, the Princess of Wales, and as she dresses her hair in thq same style, this adds still further to the resem- blance. Her early married life was anything but a smooth one. Immediately after her wedding, her husband was ordered to the front, next, her father,the late Duke of Westminster died, and a little later her father-in-law, the Duke of Tack was laid low. Then came the great anxiety with regard to the sight of her first-born, but this trouble has happily almost passed away. The Duchess of Teck is devoted to her children, and rides exceptionally well. Women Officers.—A woman has to be a very exalted personage indeed to he given command of a regiment, and even then the appointment is usually purely an honorary one. Our Queen is chief of several regiments, the Duchess of Connaught is the nominal Commander of a regiment which was formerly captained by her illu- strious father, Prince Frederick Charles of Prussia, and the Duchess of Saxe-Coburg is head of a Regiment of Russian Dragoons, and Colonel of a German Grenadier Regiment. The Empress of Russia is Colonel-in-Chief of no fewer than four regiments, Queen Margberita of Italy is chief of abattalion of German mounted troops, while Queen Wilhelmina rules over a cavalry corps on her own account. Many other women" colonels" might be mentioned, some of whom lead their regiments occa- sionally on peaceful parades of State. Titled Authoresses.—Lady Cromartie has joined the numerous band of literary women in Society, and has written a little volume of Celtic tales entitled " The End of the Song." Lady Marjorie Gordon, whom Mr Gladstone described as "the cleverest child " he had ever met, was an adroit writer whilst in her teens, as was also the Duchess of Sutherland, who has written a book of travels and two or three novels. There are several Duchesses who figure as authoresses, including 1 the Duchess of Somerset. The Duchess in the book so often occupies a large place in modern fiction, that it seems only right that, after the manner of the Duchess of Sutherland, she should sometimes become a writer as well as an inspirer of romance. But Duchesses do not usually write about Duchesses, and the Duchess of Sutherland is particularly democratic in her style. But this only follows the general rule that the class among whom our daily lot is ca.st soon becomes uninteresting, and, irrespective of rank, one always seeks to escape from it when writing or reading for recreation. That is no doubt why the factory girl prefers to read stories of duchesses and belted earls, rather than of people of her own class. The Uncommon Virtues of Gratitude and Content- ment.—The Rev. .1. Wilson, president of the Baptist Union. recently gave an address on the subjects of gratitude and contentment. He referred to the writings of Burns, and said that while he had read many stories of the miserable poor, he considered there were more miserable people among the rich. There are compensa- tions in all the affairs of life, and no doubt this is per- fectly true. The poor and contented man is infinitely better off than he with riches, which can buy him nothing that he has not already, and who has no resources other than the monotonous round of a life of pleasure. And yet the world has seen very few rich men willing to take the poor man's burden, though there are countless numbers of poor people who would be glad to accept the rich man's lot. , Robbing the Necessitous.—Several young women seeking situations have written to London papers to complain that they have been charged fees by governess agencies. none of which has sent them a single address. ks a rule they have heard nothing further from the agencies, but one lady experienced an unpleasant ex- ception, being sent for to the office of the agency, in order that she might re-state her qualifications, the journey which she could ill afford to make at her own expense,being as resultless as if she had remained at home For govemesses there is a registration office at 47, Har- ley Street, Which is conducted on eleemosynary lines. and charges no fees, so that women of that profession need not incur any monetary risks, but one regrets to know that there are several people in London who trade upon the difficulty which people in some professions ex- perience in finding employment, and charge fees for which, as they know perfectly well, they will be unable to make any return. It is a cruel fratia,and it is regret- able that in so many cases it is carried on with im- punity. The Craze for Lace.—Paris and Vienna are turning out few toilettes which boast nothing in the way' of Mr. Frederick Turner, lace. Of course the lace is selected with due regard to of the Bridgtown Cannock Bond, who was cured the toilette it is to adorn but lace of some description of terrible Rheumatism by Dr. Williams' Pink must appear, if we would be in" Fashions van." Fur- Pills for Pale People. longs must have been utilised by modistes on the In 1887 Mr. Turner' then in the Army, had his first dresses, wraps, blouses, and underwear, contained in the attack of Rheumatic Fever. Five years ago he had a Princess Alexandra of Cumberland's trousseau, and second and worse attack. It pulled him down so much every inch of it is hand-made. A quantity of Irish lace that his friends thought he was in a Consumption. His was requisitioned, for which leading Viennese modistes clothes hung about him like a skeleton. He was very have a great affection. ill and miserable. Of old, Mr. Turner would have been treated with An Expensive Hobby.—There are many well-known embrocations and liniments rubbed into the skin. But Society women who, following Queen Alexandra's Medical Science has advanced now, and we know that example, have made the collection of costly lace a hobby. And to such a degree are they careful of their Rheumatism isn't an external complaint. Microscopical cherished posse and chemical researches have shown that Rheumatism possessions, that they have actually become experts in mending it, and are quite as skilled in the is cauced by an acid in the blood. Many people have a v little of this Lactic Acid in the blood, and know nothing i Sous stitches as if they were professionals. It is ed a dearth of the professional repairer which has of it until they are exposed to cold and damp: Then, driven them to study this dainty branch of needlework for some reason the acid begins to affect the joints or seriously, for the great bulk of lace mending has to be muscles, and what we know as an attack of Rheumatism sent to Paris to be farmed out amongst the French and takes place. The acid stiffens the joints and draws up Belgian peasants. , the muscles. Mr. Turner said that he felt this effect. "During my illness my fingers were all drawn up, New Underwear.—The craze for coloured and black , underwear is happily past, only white and cream coloured 1 and I was told I should never get them straight garments being offered us at the present time. Some again but now they are as straight as they should be. women however still cling to coloured Robes de Nuit, Many a man have I advised to take Dr. Williams' but these are in the faintest possible toner, which Pink Pills, not only for Rheumatism, but for other usually prove more becoming than cream or white. ailments." F Whatever the fabric chosen for these robes, they are For it was Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People much inlet and trimmed with lace, and the very deep which cured Mr. Turner's Rheumatism. These pills cure and almost transparent yokes of the majority strike one by 'making new blood. New blood gives the sufferer strength to throw off the poison. is same new blood as making for style rather than comfort. This Summer Colds.—Very often in the height of summer which Dr. Williams' Pink Pills makes curesimany. other 1 colds are caught. One perchance goes too lightly clad, diseases besides Rheumatism. It cures itimmia, for or there is a sudden change of temperature, or one sits instance; it staves off the danger of threatening Con- out too late withoutan extra wrap. At the first sign of sumption ; it cures Nervous diseases, Fits, St. Vitus' : a cold the best plan is to go to bed early and drink a Dance, Paralysis, because blood is the food of the glass of lemonade, as hot as possible. This should be made by squeezing the juice of a lemon into a glass of nerves, and Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are the food of the I blood. Mr. Turner's account of his cure is interesting : almost boiling I water, sweetening to taste. Another in itself and important because it shows the way of i remedy is GO drops of sal volatile taken in half a cure to other sufferers. I tumbler of hot water, directly the first signs of a cold "I used to return home from work," he said, "feeling : appears. This dose should be repeated two hours later. very tired and weary. One night while I was playing Summer colds are tiresome possessions, often marring a in the Band I felt I had caught a bad chill. Doing holiday, and resulting sometimes in a tendency to some work in the garden afterwards did not improve delicacy during the autumn and winter. They are matters. Next morning, when I attempted to get up to worth fighting with good remedies. go to work, I simply found it impossible to do so. A i Gooseberry friend came in and gave me a good rubbing, but all to Chips.—Top and tail the gooseberries, place them in jars and boil them in a large saucepan no purpose, and the various remedies recommended to until the fruit is quite soft. Then to every pound of me I tried, but all withopt avail. Terrible were the pulp add half a pound of sifted white sugar, stirring it pains I suffered, and I can only liken them to a dog in very gently. Next pour out the sweetened pulp on gnawing at me. People used to say I was going into a flat dishes (about one eighth of an each thick) which consumption. I looked almost like a skeleton; my must be set in the sun to dry. When sufficiently dried, i clothes hung about me. I could not turn over in bed at the pulp may be cut into strips and twisted into fanci- times, but as soon as I commenced to take Dr. Williams' ful shapes. If packed quite dry, in tin boxes. with Pink Pills I began to get better. Now I feel in perfect layers of papers between the rows, thesechips will keep health, and free from all pain." for several months. "And how many boxes did you take altogether ?" 1 " Five • but I felt better after I had taken the first --e,--. boxful. I then began to walk about, and after the PICTORIAL POSTCARDS. second box, to go out. From the time when I took the last dose of the fifth box iintil now I have not felt the Among collectors of the picture postcard, the name of Wrench Limited is as familiar as their own cognomen. pain. I am stronger and better now than ever I have been in my life." Wrenciaimited were among the pioneers of the" P.P.C." and they have ever since been in the forefront of pub- Wonderful as this statement is—"t am stronger and ushers of these attractive novelties. No firm has ca- better than I have ever been in my life "—from a man who has twice had Rheumatic Fever, it is only what we tered so excellently for the fun-loving fraternity, and some of their humorous postcards are not only mirth- hear from thousands of people, once miserable, anremic provoking but very cleverly drawn. There is a series been invalids, whose blood has renewed and purified by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. The way these pills improve ia warm brown by " Kyd "containing single figures— every line of which is funny. They serve to illustrate the appetite and enable people to digest their food and such scenes as : "My argyment is This !" "My Dear get good from it, is wonderful, and can only bs under- Friends !4' " Now then, outside," "I'm a mother my- stood by those who have tried them. They make all the self !" and so on. Messrs. Wrench have also a sepia- difference in the world to the way a person feels. They toned series of storm studios, and another in warm red put new life into them. And they are quite safe. They are not a purgative, of artistically posed girls' heads. Last but not least, there is a Dutch collection in rich colours, which re- but, on the contrary, they strengthen. The only pre- mind one of Tom Browne's inimitable Hollanders. Al.! caution necessary is to avoid being supplied with a sub- together Wrench Limited can guarantee .both quality stitnte. The genuine pills always -bear Di. Williams' and quantity, and we advise those of our readers who name, and if there is any difficulty in getting them, they • • may be had direct by post,frosn Dr. Williams' Medicine are collectors to take an early opportunity of seeing the cards—and others—we have mentioned. The address of Company. Holborn Viaduct, London, for Is. 9d, a box— Wrench Limited, is Arthur street, New Oxford street 13s. 9d. forsix boxes. London, W. C. -

MADGE.

• There is only one place in the world where the sun FAILURES IN ENGLAND AND WALES.—According to sets twice in the same day, and that is at Leek in "Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the total number of Staffordshire. There is a jagged mountain there and failures in England and Wales during the week ending ! the sun sets behind it and it grows dark. An hour liter Friday, June 17th, was 175, viz. :—New Bankruptcy 1 the sun reappears at a gap in the side of the mountain, Proceedings published in the London Gazette, 95; and it is light again until the real sunset. Deeds of Arrangement registered. 80. The respective Asbestos towels are among the latest novelties. They numbers in the corresponding week of last year were: 1 do not require soap and water to cleanse them. When Bankruptcies, 82;. Deeds of Arrangement, 61—Total soiled it is said that they may be thrown in the fire, and 143; being a net increase in Bankruptcies of 198. and a in a few minutes are ready to be drawn out fresh and net increase in Deeds of Arrangement in 1904, to clate,of 4clean. 291.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
ASCRYO2O FOR McDOUGALL'S Pateo SELF-RAISING FLOUP The Examiner Saturday, June 25 1904.

it impossible for him to see her until he knew mem And the girl carried this about in her heart for three days till the pain was like to break it. On the fourth the blow fell. A letter came from her lover, short, crushing, deadly. "Dearest, —I can still write dearest,' though all is, and must be, over between us. We must never meet again. I have deceived you as much as I have been deceived myself. Seven years ago, when little more than a lad, I was married—lured, cheated, fooled into it; but. married. My wife left me after a while, and I believed that she was dead Honestly believed it, Rezah, as I know you will believe; and then I asked you to marry me. Four days ago, to my horror, I had news indirectly of her; and now she has returned to claim me. My great pain in all this is to have wrecked your life, as I fear I have; my one consolation in it all, the knowledge that I have been loved by you. But we are parted for ever. Oh, my dearest! God bless you. —FRANK. " The girl met the blow like the brave soul that she was. All the morning she did her work at her office with regularity, and only a little absent- mindedness. In the afternoon she took a holiday, and went in search- of her old lover. She wanted to hear the truth from his lips, and to be absolutely certain that everything was as he said. But she could not find him. At his office they told her he had left; and one of the clerks, know- ing her, came out after her, and told her he thought be had gone abroad. She went straight to his rooms. There a very unpleasant experience awaited her. She was speaking to the landlady, who was telling her that he had certainly gone away, somewhere abroad—to the Colonies, she thought—when the wife appeared. She was a: flaunting, large-faced woman, gaudily dressed, and much older than Frank or Rezah. She was red in the face, too, and looked as if she had been drinking. "I know you," she said readily to Remit. "You're the girl Irith the queer name that that blessed 'usband of mine thought he was going to marry. But he's mine, don't you see? I've got 'im ; and, what's more, I mean to jolly well stick to 'im. See ? " and she shook her head and leered with shallow, boastful cunning. "I ain't going to be made miserable for nothing." Rezah looked at her steadily.

"I'm sorry your life has been an unhappy one," she said quietly. "But that is no reason why you should be glad that others are also as unhappy as yourself." And she turned on her heel. The little encounter did her good. It broke the monotony of her misery; and that night she reasoned the whole position out in her practical way. More than once the words she had spoken to her mother about Mr. Mitchell recurred to her, and gradually the idea of doing what had seemed so repugnant to her appeared less and less distasteful and difficult. The real reason was probably that she .longed for the excitement of some complete change from the usual life, and thus turned to the idea of marriage with a sense of relief. "Mother, what have you told Mr. Mitchell " she asked on the following day, much to her mother's surprise and annoyance, because Mrs. Warrender had put it off as a most unpleasant duty. "I haven't seen him, child. How could I tell him ? " She spoke angrily to give herself courage. "Do you very much wish what he wishes ? " Her mother looked up in keen, quick surprise. "You're looking ill, Rezall. is anything the matter?

_ "I have had a blow. Frank and I are parted— for good." Mrs. Warrender tried not to let her pleasure at the news overshadow her concern at the effect which she saw it had on Rezah. "What is the matter? lam sorry." But her voice was a struggle to express sympathy. The girl understood her well enough. "It's a little hard that a blow that seems as if it would break one's life in two should give more pleasure than anything else to the only soul on earth where one ought to look for consolation." She sighed, and after a moment added: "Never mind, mother. You can't help feeling relieved that after all you may get out of this scrape with Mr. Mitchell, and she bent and kissed her on the fore- head. "If this should ever be possible it will only be after Mr. Mitchell has had the whole truth told to him. And then, if he knows everything—mind, everything—and is willing to make me his wife, I shall be glad to marry him." "You are a dear, sweet, obedient girl, Rezah." The daughter smiled at this most unexpected comment, but said nothing. "I'll tell Mr. Mitchell," added Mrs. Warrender.

Then 'with a flash of great earnestness the girl said:

"One word, mother. You must tell him every- thing—that, my heart has been given to Frank; that I do not, and probably never shall, love him; that I come to him for rest; and that if it were not impossible to marry Frank I should do so. Mind, everything. And remember that I shall go over the whole ground again after you and before the marriage, and shall tell him all myself, so that nothing will be gained by holding back even the veriest trifle now."

"Do you think I would deceive you or him, in such a matter ? " asked the mother, with the anger of a person whose thoughts have been clearly read and her intentions anticipated. What was caid in the first interview with Mr. Mitchell was not told to the girl, but her mother said that he readily agreed to all; and Mrs. Warrender was so jubilant that Rezah was rather inclined to believe there was much more than she had been led to think at any time. But nothing could have been more kind and com- passionate and tactful than Mr. Mitchell's conduct. Ile was a spare, reserved, self-contained man of nearly forty. "Your mother has told me of your trouble, my dear," he said, taking her hand, when they met. '1 like Frank Mowbray, as everyone must like him who knows him. A s,traight, honourable, clever, fearless man; and I know without your telling me I hat whatever the cause may be that separates you, there will be nothing in it that touches his honour. I cannot truthfully tell you that I would rather see you his wife than mine. But if it cannot be that you marry me, I would rather you married him than anyone. ' In this way he let her see that he knew the whole story and he shewed her how he wished matters to stand as between them. She liked this, especially when she came to see how little it left for her to say about her own feelings. "Do you think thltt the feeling I can give to you will bring you happiness? It will be little more than friendship. No more, indeed," she said musingly. "I shall ask no more, if you will make me one promise—always to think of me as a tried and trusted friend, to be treated with absolute

confidence." "I will promise that," she replied after a pause of thought. "I have been a lonely man, Rezah, with little or no real interest in life strong enough to stir any innermost emotions—till this love of mine for you. And now—well, you cannot understand, and I cannot describe, all that this means. God give me strength to be a tower of help to you, and to win in some measure that second abiding love that can spring flora the ashes of a dead passion. lam content, dear." He lifted her fingers to his lira and kissed them. "And now let us talk as we have often talked together when you suspected nothing of my real feeling—like the friends we are going to be for life."

—She always remembered that interview with a sense of refreshing gratitude. And it pleased her too, greatly, that he said nothing directly about the marriage, and neither then nor at any time afterwards pressed her as to the time of the marriage. Instead of this, he drew her shrewdly to take a great interest in a number of projects and schemes that he-had in hand, or took in hand for the particular purpose. Thus the instinctive craving for change that had led her to contemplate the idea of marriage with him at first was satisfied, and a new set of interests were brought into her life in consequence. Mrs. Warrender was anxious to get the marriage fixed for as early a date as possible, and with this object spoke to Mr. Mitchell. But he would not hear of it. "No, no; not on any consideration. Let it. come naturally." "Yes, and perhaps Frank Mowbray malt come Faek first with some tale to • distimb Revili, and knock the whole thing on the head." "Ali, you don't understand your child, Mrs. Warrender. Nothing can ever knock the whole th,, in on the head, as you call it, With Rezah—at least: only one thing—' f that bar between them were removed." "Well, there's always danger in delays," said the widow petulantly. "My friend, lily engagement to Rezah has done two things. It has increased my love and admira- tion for ber a thousandfold ; and it has purified— if that is the word—my feeling for her till I can believe that even if young Mowbray were to come back able to marry her, I could even hring myself to be enoush her friend to find my Zapping's—.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.

The coat and skirt shows no sign of becoin• Mg a less necessary item of our wardrobe than of yore, and this summer it is to be met with in an even greater variety of styles. These range from the severe tailor-made with a simply cut coat and plainly made skirt of a comfortable walking length to elaborate boleros and much trimmed skirts of trailing and be-flounced description. There is, of course, an intermediate variety which is made of voile or light cloth with a dressy little coal: finished by fanciful revers or ornate little capes or, perchance, made with one of the long yokes so much in vogue from which the sleeves spring in a series off gaugings and then pouch into fulness which is caught at the wri.st into a rather wide cuff. Indeed this form of coat and skirt has become a steadfast feature of fashionable dress and has much to recommend it, especially on account of its adaptability to .11 and every circumstance of social daily life.

There are some very pretty costumes of this style made in delicate coloured linens of a soft make, and also in pretty canvas-like materials which will make a very useful summer dress for warm days. Embroidered linen is, of course, the smartest material at present, but in a good quality is apt to prove rather costly, a pretty little blouse I saw the other day of embroidered linen being priced at twenty-five shillings. However, there are less fine quali- ties which are not so expensive, and although rather coarser in texture wear and look well. One of these latter forms the subject of my first sketch, and is made up in a particularly pretty style, although there is nothing elabo- rate about it. The edear of the linen is a soft pale green with the embroidery in pink and green. The loose sleeves are cut up in a novel style,while the long curve of the collar narrow- ing into the waist is becoming to any kind of figure. The embroidery alone is used for trimming the pretty gown, the only other ornamental feature of which is a soft kid belt fastened by an ornamental buckle. A pictur- esque hat of pale green chip trimmed by a long curling ostrich feather and a cluster of pink roses under the brim completes the exceed- ingly charming toilette. Ecru linen relieved by white embroidery is very modish, especially when completed by a gracefully curved black hat. Indeed, this combination of colours is a favourite one in the most fashionable gowns, whether of linen, voile, or silk mousseline.

INTY TOILETTE.

The dainty toilette depicted is a charming confection of net over pink silk trimmed with a handsome lace flounce and puffings of pink silk caught in with small brilliant buckles. The bodice comes low down on the arms, a strap of tiny pink roses crossing the shoulders. A silk fringe finishes the lower ,edge of the lace berthe and a chou of pink chiffon is arranged in the front of the decolletage. The skirt is made in the fashionable gauged style below the waist and is of the most up to date and approved description. There are many little social functions and small dances for which a toilette like this would look very effective, and it has the advantage of enabling one to use up an old gown for the foundation. In yellow it would look most striking with creamy yellow roses tinged with pink arranged on black velvet ribbon for the shoulder straps and the same flowers bunched in front. Net either plain or adorned with a small floral spray or tiny dots makes up into charming overdresses and can be got in a wide variety of colourings. The handsome lace flounce at the foot of this skirt is a pleasing change from the much favoured series of tiny frills or flouncings which, al- though exceedingly pretty, have been the vogue for several seasons and have therefore outlived their novelty. The great cry iv. Use

• Z* c'tV 4 " • ill I 1 11 • !

A LINEN COSTUME.

I . 46 1441 , T.,s, • • I , ll' I 1,0514-4 A, f, I 1: ledyl i :I. ,-,- ........ i ~ I ( )• .. il A / i , i 1\ ~ \\.•?. I, 1 _ A ‘'' to /41,„„1iv 5, ;!, ~ li ..WI A DA ''

.0 ). %., . „....,........ . ~ii .....,, W00:4 , VP*, `Vet ,-- , , ..,. ..mo. ) I . , cs S 1 . /

===== 0002601_19040625_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY HAT.

realms of dress is ever for a fresh mode or an original departure for the wheel of is fashion apt to revolve somewhat monotonously. Mil- linery is at its best at present and a very pretty but simple hat is given in my last sketch. It curves down over the face in front in the approved fashion of this season, and is trimmed with bunches of shaded parma violets with a lace fall at the back. Flowers and lace separately employed or used in con- junction appear on every description of hat and toque, while the fanciful straws of all sorts are used for the formation of the shape itself. Lace, indeed, in many instances is used so liberally that one is almost constrained to believe that the hat itself is made entirely of it, with only a wreath of roses or some delicate blossoms of most natural-looking appearance visible at intervals under the folds. A charm- ing hat I saw the. other day was draped with Spanish lace and had a stiff wreath of pink roses arranged round the crown. It was bent down at the back and shaded the face of the wearer in front. Indeed, one seldom or ever sees the hat of last year which was turned back from the face in front, and these are now quite out of fashion, gem Cogintnal

===== 0002601_19040625_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
(Copyriyht.)

REZAH.

BY EVELYN SWAN,

Author of " 'Twixt Love and Fear," "The Snare of Gold," "A Penitent's Revenge," "Little Sally's Luck," &c.

"No, mother, I cannot. I would do almost Anythinc,, for you and the others, but this I cannot." •

"I can't see why you're so unreasonable, Rezah. Your commonsense, that you're so fond of. talking about., might at least shew you the advantages of acting in a common-sense way now. You'll be sorry enough when you're my age, and have children of your own. You'll understand then the difference between money and no money." "I understand it now, mother, well enough," said the girl, a tall, dark, clever-looking, clear- eyed girl, with an air of great self-reliance about her. "I don't grumble at having to work for my living; on the contrary, I like it, and wouldn't do otherwise if I had the chance; but I know also how hard the work sometimes is, sweet though the pay-days are when they come round. I love working for you, mamsie—but I can't sell myself, dear." She kissed her mother's worn, troubled, fretful, worried face. "You look very tired." "You'll look tired if ever you have five children all wanting to be fed, and clothed, and educated, and little or no money to do it all with. I can't think how I manage as it is. It's well for you that your work takes you out of the house all the day, and out of the fret and worry of it all at the same time." "Isn't that a little hard, mother ? "

"Well, I can't see for the life of me why you won't marry Mr. Mitchell," answered the mother, with more relevance than the words appeared to imply. Rezah's ref,iss.l to do this was, indeed, the cause of all Mrs. Warren:l.:Fs irritation.

"I think you can, dear, ;f vou try to think. There is only one reason. 1 Gen t love him, and I do love Frank. I should hate myself if I married one man when loving another." She spoke with a momentary air of proud self-confidence; and then, a moment later, a light of mischief and a laugh came into her eyes, cud, catching her mother round the waist, she said: "Why, mother, I declare positively that if Frank were as rich as he is poor I should still love him and marry him just the same."

But Mrs. Warrender was only irritated by the little jest, and moved away.

"I wish you'd be serious, Itezah," she said petulantly.

"As serious as my most tragic name, eh? If 1. were going to marry old Mr. Mitchell, I'm afraid I should be serious enough. But this evening, and now, I can't be serious, mamsie ; for Frank's coming for me, and we're going for a walk; and I declare I haven't seen him for a whole three days." "Well, I hope you'll never have cause to be sorry you've decided as you have." "I should probably be very sorry if I decided any other way. Ugh! what would life be as Mrs. Mitchell, rich, demure and cold? I should have to grow fat, flabby, and :colourless," and the girl made a gesture suggesting impossibility and repugnance.

"He is one of the kindest men on earth, child. There's nothing in his power to give you that he'd refuse."

"Why, mother dearest, what we women want most is to be denied things. If I thought Frank never meant to deny me anything, I should—oh, it would be horrid! Of course, he mustn't say he means to; but I must know it, all the same. If life were all just ask and get, there'd be nothing to live for."

"You're the most contrary girl on earth, Rezah." "And you're such a tyrannical, hard-hearted, brute-force mother that if I married Mr. Mitchell to please you, and then came to you at the end of half a year and said: Mother, this is a mistake,' you'd be fit to cry your eyes out to think you'd had a hand in making the match," and she smiled lovingly into her mother's face and kissed her again. "I want nothing but your happiness, child," said the mother, giving way. "Happiness doesn't lie that way, mamsie. I want something more in my life than the sober colours of gentleness .and krndness. I want the warm, glowing tints of love—my Frank's love. I'll take the storm for the .sakt:of the after-calm; but all calm would be intolerable. I'll tell you this, however. If I wanted to live a life of nothing but good works; if I sought a shelter in the arms of a dear, kind, staunch friend; if I were done with the battle of life and sought only rest and relief— I would choose no life more readily than to be Mr. Mitchell's wife. But as it is I'm going to marry Frank." And she kissed her mother, and was running out of the room when the latter called her back.

"Before you go, Rezah, there is something you ought to know. Her voice had a husk of nervous- ness in it. "You don't know all Mr. Mitchell's kindness. I—l am in—l mean, I have had to borrow money from him, and I owe him more than I can ever pay. I have lost a lot of money lately. 1. couldn't help it." She began to speak with hurried and rather unsteady tones. "You don't know what the expenses are with all the children. There are so many things to pay that I can't pay them all out of the small amount of money your father left me. I was obliged to have money from somewhere, and there was no one else to whom I could go but dear Mr. Mitchell." "Well, mother dear, I suppose you told him the condition of things, and he was able to estimate for himself the chances of getting it back again? If he was so kind as to lend it, he will not be so unkind as not to wait for the repayment till he can get it." "You don't understand these things, Rezah," replied her mother testily. She had something much more unpleasant to say yet, and she was afraid of what her daughter would think. "You think everything must be going all right just because you don't se it going wrong. You don't suppose, do you, that anyone would lend me money for the mere asking? That's not the world, I can tell you. Of course, I knew what Mr. Mitchell wanted about you—"

"Stop, mother," cried the girl sharply, as one in pain. "Don't, please, tell me that you stooped to borrow money from Mr. Mitchell by leading him to think that there could possibly be any chance of his marrying me. You don't really mean that, do you ? " She caught her mother by the hands, and looked eagerly into her eyes: She read there the confirmation of her fears. "Have you taken any of this money since I've been engaged to Frank ? ' "I don't know what the world's coming to when girls tale to judging their parents in this way. One would suppose you were mother and I daughter, Reza."

"Our. positions are a little reversed, miller, I'm afraid. It's you who've done wrong, and I who am ashamed. Of course,- Mr. Mitchell mnst be told at once; and if you've not told him by the next time I see him, I shall tell him. You'd bettor write." And without saying any more, but feeling bitterly humiliated, the girl went out of the morn. She hated everything that was underhand. she burnt 'it the idea that she should have been made the subject of such a bargain. And the smart of the thing was all the worse because she felt sure that it was not Mr. Mitchell, but her mother, who had made the terms. It galled her to come in contact in this sharp, rugged manner with what she knew to be her mother's failings. But she could not excuse her in this; and she feared, moreover, that even now she did not know all the truth.

She was right enough in this. As soon as she was alone Mrs. Warrender sat down, and, taicirm a letter from her pocket, read it twice through again, though she knew the Contents almost by heart already ; and she puckered her forehead iu sheer perplexity how to answer it. It was from Mr. Mitchell, asking whether sha thought he might yet propose to Rezah, and reminding her of the many things she had men- tioned of the girl's inclination towards him. What. to say she could not think. She had, in truth, completely deceived him, and she was now over- whelmed with the fear that when he found out the truth he would make her repay him everything at once. It was characteristic of her that she put all the blame for the trouble on her daughter. That was her first comfort; her next was to put off the writing of any letter until the following day. Meanwhile Rezah was sorely troubled on her own account, and went about with so anxious a look that her mother, setting it all down to the debit of her own act, was inclined to be angry with the girl for making so much of it.. Rezah's trouble was of the heart, however. Her lover had not met her as he had promised; but instead had sent a telegram vaguely worded, and hinting at coming mischief, and afterwards had written saying that something had come to his knowledge, something affecting him only, that made

===== 0002601_19040625_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
mournful, and different, of course, bu still happiness—in seeing her happy as his wife." Mrs Warrender looked at hini out of the corners of her eyes, and sniffed with an indescribable suggestion that she had no words sufficiently eloquent to express her opinion of his quixotic foolWiness.

me man was rignt enough as to the fixing of the date of the wedding. Rezah herself mooted the subject to her mother, and in this way the time was settled ; and the girl took the keenest pleasure in arranging that everything should be in just that form and style which she thought would best pleas! her husband that was to be.

It was a perfectly quiet wedding; and though the children wished to make the most of the oppor- tunity for a lot of fun, it was in their view a very tame affair, and dull.

Mrs. Warrender .was very thankful and self- congrstulatory when it was all over, and the two had driven away for their honeymoon, which was to be a very long one. It was all her own tact and diplomacy, she thought, that had managed it all ; and her sole tiought about her daughter was that liezah ough: m be entirely grateful to her for having 'fowl( :ter a husband who had so much money. That, he was a man of exceptional parts was reckoned by her as of no account. He was a "good match," and she had made it.

-One circumstance only was there to cause her even a momentary twinge. A letter had come for Rezah on the very morning of the wedding; and Mrs. Warrender, knowing the writing, and that it came from "that young Mowbray," had purposely "forgotten " 'to give it to her daughter. At bottom, Nile was a good deal afraid of Rezah; and although it had seemed a somewhat small thing to keep it Lack or forget it in the hurry of the preparations, now that she thought it over "in cold blood" she saw that there might easily be a good deal of unpleasantness. She would have liked to destroy it, but dared not ; so she posted it to the first place where the couple were to stop, with a line of apology for her " forget fulness. " All unsuspecting the tragedy that lay within the envelope for her, Rezah opened it, with the simple remark that there was a "letter from mother."

When she saw the writing on the enclosure she turned pale. She knew it well enough. Thoughtful for her husband, however, she put restraint on herself, and waited to read it until she was alone in her room.

It told her almost at a glance that Frank Mow- bray had now good reason to believe that in a short, time he would be free again that he had discovered certain things about the wife which would probably divorce the tie that had become so hateful to him ; and that if Rezah could wait with a little patience things might yet be as they had been for them both. As she read everything seemed to grow dark and cold; and the girl sat and shivered, and breathed hard, and interlaced her 4ngers, and pressed them until they were hurt.

Her thoughts were a complete blank. Then an old favourite quotation came jumbling into her head, bringing a word picture. "Love took up the glass-of Time and turned it in his glowing hands," and the mental picture changed to Love staring, pained and frightened, at the broken hourglass, let slip from his nerveless lingers. "Yes ; it is broken," she murmured to herself as she rose, with one deep, heavy sigh. Till then, she had not seen the date of the letter. When she did so, came the perception of her mother's treaclury ; and the anger against the latter was a relief from the pain. "Rezah, are you coming out ? " said her husband, entering the room at this point. "In a minute or two, dear," she answered, forcing a smile, which he did not see was unreal. "See, I have had a mishap with a letter. I have a lette; from Frank Mowbray, which ought to have reached me yesterday or the day before. He tells toe that he is likely to get a divorce from his wife." She held it out to him.

He looked at her fixedly for fully a minute before speaking. "Poor chil(, he murmured, then, in a voice so toned with sympathy and compassion that its genuine sorrow was unmistakable: "What can we do? " The question was no more than a whisper of helplessness. Then he sat down like one dazed. He was infinitely more overcome than she. And he buried his face in one hand.

The letter had fluttered to the ground and lay Letween them.

"I would give all I'm worth to undo what we did yesterday," he said at length. "You must try and think if I can do anything to make it easy for )ou." Then she knelt down by him, and it was rather as if the sorrow were his and she the comforter.

"See, John," she said, after a while, taking up the letter. "We have no secrets, you and I; and we'll have no half-confidences, nor, if we can help it, thoughts of the might-hate-been. See," and kbe tore the letter in little pieces. "There, that is all Cr, never even to be thought of except as between tmo friends with no secrets, husband. No secrets."

She kissed him affectionately twice, gave a little s gh, and then rising, said, in a cheery tone and anner :

"And now we'll start for our walk—the walk, a- d, that is to last all through life." nd when he looked at her she saw that his eyes e!t hick wit!i tear..

===== 0002601_19040625_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
iz EZ:P. - • PRETTY WEDDING AT HELSBY. Bennett—Gornall.

There was a pretty weVlding at Helsby on Saturday when Ethel,eldest daughter of the late Mr.J.H. Gornall, J. P. Medical Officer of Health for Warrington, and Mrs. Gornall was married to Mr. Joseph Bennett, of Doncaster. A larize congregation assembled in the picturesquely-situated church to witness the ceremony. The officiating clergyman was the Rev. H. K. Gornall, brother of the bride, assisted by the Rev. E.W. Evans, vicar of St. Paul's who also gave an address. The bride was given away by her uncle, Mr. E. J. Guest, J. P., of Oak Mount,Helsby. She was becomingly dressed in cream silk,trimmed with chiffon and lace frilis,and wore a wreath of orange blossom and myrtle, Honiton lace veil, and carried a bouquet of white roses and lilies of the valley. The bridesmaids were Miss Mary Gornall, sister of the bride, and Miss Elsie Guest, her cousin. They wore pretty dresses of pale blue eollienne' trimmed with cream lace, with hats to match, and had bouquets of, pink sweet peas. The best man was Mr. J. W. Bennett brother of the bridegroom. Master Lawrence Guest Gornall, son of Dr. John Guest Gornall,Medical Officer of Health for Warrington,acted as page and was dressed in cream serge. The organist was Mr. Arthur Down, of Stockton Heath, cousin of the bride, who played the Bridal March from " Lohengrin." as the bride was led to the chancel. He also played Mendelssohn's "Wedding March" after the ceremony. The hymn sung by the lcongregation was "The voice that breathed o'er Eden." Zany valuable presents numbering about 100 were not on view as the marriage took place from Oak Mount IHelsby, where a large number of the friends of the I bride and bridegroom assembled after the ceremony. The happy pair left the house amid a shower of confetti on their way to the Lake District where they will spend the honeymoon. The bride's travelling dress consisted of dark blue face cloth, trimmed with coffee coloured Ilace and silk, and hyacinth toque.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
LEFT HER SICK CHILD TO ITS FATE.

At Widnes on Monday, Mary Jordan, 52, Nelson-st., was charged with neglecting her child, Agnes, aged five months. On May 14, it was alleged, the women loft home after a few words with her husband and did not return until Thursday last. At the time she left the child was dangerously ill, and eventually died on May 23. The Mayor said the woman had behaved most unnaturally. The superintendent of police had given her a good character apart from this, and she would be bound over for six months in two sureties of .25. REVIVAL OF WITCHCRAFT IN EAST ANGLIA. Dr. C. B. Plowright has recently referred to many amusing examples of country superstition in East Anglia. A case of paralysis, he states, was treated by sticking pins into the back of a living toad, the pins abgealningstarrarhneugenatidlisnm,thceramfop7 &C,, a stolen potato is of a circle and double curved line. Then the poor animal was placed into a wide-mouthed bottle and buried under the patient's window. The patient got better. As a preservative carried in the left band trousers pocket. Dr. Plowright believes that such amulets do alleviate the sufferings of their owners, and explains it by stating that the wearers are in a state of chronic hypnotism.

A DAILY OCCURRENCE. New cures resulting from the use of Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people are daily coming to light in all pats of the country. Particulars of an Altrincham case are published in this issue. Dr. Williams' pink pills have cured paralysis, locomotor ataxy, rheumatism, and sciatica ; also all diseases arising from impoverishment of the blood, scrofula, rickets, chronic erysipelas, consumption of the bowels and lungs, anwmia, pale and sallow complexion, general and muscular weakness, loss of appetite, paipi. tations, pains in the back, nervous headache and neuralgia, early decay, all forms of female weakness and hysteria. These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name—Dr. William' pink pills for pale people—and are sold by chemists, and by Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Holborn- b at two and nine a box or six boxes for thirteen and nine. viaduct, London, E.c.,

===== 0002601_19040625_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
Joseph BeswickI gorsemarket Street, _

WeßaiNoToN. W. RHAW Jun., Top Locks, Runcorn, S. JEAN/0 NS, 21, George St., St. Helens. R. CULSHA.W, 38 Burscough St., Ormskirk

Bicycle

===== 0002601_19040625_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
f

.e4l

===== 0002601_19040625_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENTS OF THE WEEK.

TEE CORDON-BENNETT RACE.

The Motor Derby, as the Gordon Bennett Cup race has grown to be called familiarly, has been run with great success at Homburg. A large gathering from all over Europe, .collected under the personal aegis of the Raiser himself, who took the keenest interest 431 everything from start to finish, and not Only was the race run faster than ever before, but it was marred by no accidents or tragedies, such as have spoilt other great motor contests. Yet it is being asked on ,every side whether this should not be the last contest, whether the awful risks involved •and the money wasted is worth it, for there IS little doubt that it is more by good luck than by good judgment that the race was %free of accidents and tragedies. The English Automobile Club for one is in favour of abolishing the race, and the subject is certain in the near future to come up for discussion. 111 this latest race there is no doubt that the right car won in M. Theron's Richard- 33rasier, and the average he showed of sixty miles an hour both in the French Eliminat- ing Trials ard the actual contest is splendidly

, „ -ye \ , //,

===== 0002601_19040625_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
M. THERY, THE WINNER.

15141 Mis tent, proving that his car is no toy rachine or unreliable engine. M. Jenatzy, t year's winner, was second on his Mer- c,iedes, eleven minutes behind the winner, and 4karon de Caters, another of the German ILam, was third. The English team after ;"'", ng well up on the first rouad were not in tc at the end, though Girling and Jarrott orou , ght their Wolseleys safely through. The V,rmer, indeed, held a splendid position at ..,trie opening of the final round, but his last ‘lrcuit was a slow one. Edge did not finish af,ter doing the best time in the first round. ••,f the starters ten out of the eighteen corn- Pleted the course. Germany laid itself out to be very hospitable to its visitors, and all ule arrangements for the race were admir- able. The roads for the first time in its story were treated with " westrimite " with ;kw result that they were free from dust, a 4act which greatly lessened the danger, _Altogether the German Gordon-Bennett race will long be remembered as an admirably 13rgani5ed affair, cua which no money was *Pared by the hoist. voun'try.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW JUDGE.

„Mr. Reginald Bray, K.C., has succeeded Justice Gainsford Bruce as a judge of tile High Court on the last named gentleman Tetiring owing to indifferent health. The 11" v judge has long had one of the largest general practices at the Bar. Born in 1842, 11. e was called by the Inner Temple thirty- -11 years ago, became Bencher of his Inn in 491, and six years later took silk. For lonie considerable time he has been `stancting counsel to the Bank of England, and he 'has conducted some of the greatest insurance I:18es. His share in the Hambro v. Mutual ,Ife Insurance Company, in which Monson, of Ardlamont fame, sought to recover a large &I:flint of insurance money will be recalled. '.33x. Bray also appeared in all the proceed- Connected with Lebaudy, the Emperor of the Sahara. He comes from a family of

"el / /1/. , ((' .;;;;• t I • -./ --' • • /, •-.- • .40> :, • ..,, ~ , fit . ,„ .../z.-t..- ••.ck \ . • ' \ -,..- . ..S, t \ \ti \ '"\ ‘ . N ' \ I ''

===== 0002601_19040625_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. REGINALD BRAY, N.C.

!Teat distinction. Apart from the fact—or tradition—that William Sieur de Bray came O,ver with the Conquerer, it is quite certain that Sir Rezinald Bray was a Knight of the Garter in -the reign of Henry VII., and rved the monarch as Lord Treasurer. Mr. z,1a•37 have probably had more pupils than living member of the Bar, and his own 417u0'arledge of the law is not only wide, but singular degree at the command of his iti-41ory. He was educated at Harrow and Trinity Di. College, Cambridge, where he I;b4duated as 12th Wrangler. He has on &ral occasions acted as Commissioner of tic"zes, and only last week went on circuit Place of one of the judges.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CORNWALL TRAGEDY.

lt not often that a tragedy takes such 1-41 upon the public imagination as has been iissle case in the Castle-au-Dinas murder. It lone of those grim, painful stories, highly P:3llred with romance, more common in l'auoe than in England. The victim, Miss Jess. Iv,le Rickard c-4e the pretty ), even t een- • tlauar-old Qe_ghter of a 4,4trlith farmer St. Columb bzch is in the fart of that kyt°bills half- Cal coun- Aim of King it :411r and his itllights of the °um Table, tide „on every i 4 Lne mourn- -41, b for her life "TY ended D. .has been Prof,ne and ktcund. as her %elf ~er and her- MISS JESSIE RICKARD. ittio,"ere widely ttlar".'t and pop. 'kb lu the district. She went out on Satub. see'h Week by herself, and the last that Was Ith-e.,Zi her was a silhouette of ner pretty figure ng a bicycle in the direction of Castle- -1)44 41, ruins in company with a young ‘-harles Berryman, by name. She did Ivas Turn home that night, but Mr. Rickard °ltet,-°t anxious, thinking that, as she had Vlith ;lone before, she had spent the night Ivt Berry-mans at St. Mawgan. .He -'1; Over on the Sunday morning to meet `4ocki-nt was met on the way with the to,verjtAg news that her body has been dis- kiewn—'4 in the ruins with the face almost kUrd away with revolver bullets. Of the erer there was no sign, and immediately ortitetat hunt was organised over the moors. (Inle days there was no trace of Berry*

man, and then he was found dead in a pool under the trees, a bullet in his head. From a letter he left it was clear that the crime was premeditated, and there is little doubt that it was love for the dead girl which threw his reason off its centre. The horror of it has sunk de 2 into the hearts of the Cornish folk, and the sympathy for her stricken father is very great. The story and the scene is easily reconstructed in imagina- tion—lov,e, an ill-balanced mind, unhinged reason, and tragedy. A vast concourse of people from the neighbourhood followed the girl to her last resting place in St. Columb Churchyard.

fc) "<"--

===== 0002601_19040625_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SENIOR WRANGLER.

Each walk of life nowadays has its blue ribbon; and in the educational world, of all the many honours and distinctions, the posi- tion of Senior Wrangler up at Cambridge is regarded by the public as the blue ribbon: It is one thing ia which everybody takes as interest, and each year the

story and career of the holder of

this proud posi-

tion is .told in

all the papers.

This year it is

, . particularly

interesting one, as the latest addition to the

Senior Wrang-

lers is not only C x c.e pt ionally

brilliant, but l's

also a self-made

scholar, who has climbed the ed- ucational lad-

der from the

bottom rung of an elementary

.. iF Ci 1.,.... ) IS' ' 1/4104, /--- - ~•,. / 1 / , 7-_-c- -.-..-- '

===== 0002601_19040625_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
A. S. ODDINGTONJ

school to the

top of the tree by means of a spondid series of scholarship" Mr. A. S. Oddington, though born at Ken- dal, is really a Somerset man, as his father, the late Mr. A. H. Oddington was from Weston-super-Mare; and it was a Somerset County Council scholarship which laid the foundation of his final success, enabling him to go to Owen's College, Manchester. Born on December 28th, 1882, the Senior Wrang- ler is only twenty-one, yet he is a B.Sc. both of London and Victoria Universities, having held at the latter the University Scholarship for Physics. Two years ago he won a scholarship at Trinity College, Cambridge, from Owen's College, and since then he has swept t'he board, taking the Mathematical Tripos at the end of his second year instead of the third, which is a most unvnual thing, showing great self-confidence and exceptional ability. Second to Mr. Oddingtosa came Mr. Blanco-White, the son of a London solicitor, hailing also from Trinity. The third on the list was Mr. Stratton, of Caius ; and fifth came Mr. 0. H. B. Starte, a Clare man, and a native of Cambridge, who, like the Senior Wrangler, fought his educational way by scholarships. Of the women, Miss Glanert„ of Girton, was first, bracketed with the twenty-sixth wrangler.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
AMERICAN STEAMBOAT DISASTER.

The disaster to the American pleasure Steamer, General Slocum, is one of the most appalling within the memory of man, and resulted in the loss of close on a thousand lives. It took place near Hell Gate on the East River, within sight of New York, awl the fact that the majority of the victims were women or children renders it all the mosi distressing: The occasion was the annual outing of the Sunday School of the Lutheran Church of St. Mark's, and -a very large party was proceeding by steamer to Locust Grove, a pleasure resort on Long Island Sounds Flags were flying and bands were playing, when suddenly off Sunken Meadows fire broke out in the luncheon saloon and spread with terribie rapidity, making such swift progress as quickly to become uncontrollable, The General Slocum was hemmed in by the Hell Gate rocks and could not turn, so the captain put on full speed ahead, beaching her on North Brothers Island. Meanwhile, an ar

palling panic had ensued, many people jump ing overboard to escape burning, and .throw- ing their children into the sea. The lifebelts proved out of date and useless, and only - heightened the horrors by catching fire and blazing up. As the steamer made for the shore full steam ahead, she left in her track a train of struggling forms in the water. Tugs and other small vessels hastened to their assist- ance and saved many lives: but the crowning horror of all was when the main deck gave way and precipitated its human burdeninto the raging flames below. The disaster proved the opportunity for many deeds of heroism : but the most intense indignation has been aroused throughout the States over. certain points in the condition and administration of the General Slocum, and a most searching inquiry into all the surround- ing circumstances is to be held.

-75.P0 - u 4%, _ • 0.9.0 orki_r_n • Zesi?, ^0.011PV.414/11rill".

THE ILL-FATED VESSEL.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
HR. PHILIP STANHOPE RETURNS TO PARLIAMENT.

The voting in the Market Harborough Division of Leicestershire for the election of a Parliamentary representative to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Mr. J. W. Logan (Liberal) has resulted in the return of the Hon. Philip Stanhope, the Egures reading, Hon. P. Stan-

hope (c), 7,843.

Mr-, C. H. Dixon

(c), 6, 1 o o,

majority 1,733,

an increase of 4 1 0 as COM-

pared withl9oo.

The new mem-

bet-, the Hon.

PhilipStanhope, is much better known than his opponent. the

fOivrth and youngest son of Phillip Henry, fifth Earl Stan- hope, the emi-

nent historian,

, and a former Under-Secre-

tary for Foreign HON. PHILIP H.STANIIOI3E,m.P. Affairs and

Secretary to the defunct Board of Control, he is a very advanced Reformer, and chair- man of the National Reform Union, and takes a keen interest in historical portraiture which led to his appointment some few years since as a trustee of the National Portrait Gallery. In 1877 he married Alex- andra, daughter of the late Count Cancria- land, widow of Count Tolstoi. Mr. Stanhope has had a varied electoral experience. In 1880 he unsuccessfully contested Dover, and in 1885 Wednesbury, when he was de- feated by Mr. W. Lloyd. This gentleman was defeated by Mr. Stanhope at the ensuing General Election, of 1886, who in his turn defeated Mr. Stanhope at the General Elec- tion of 1892. At a by-election for Burnley ia February, 1893, Mr. Stanhope . was returned for the borough by a majority of 693, which fell in 1895 to 321, owing the intru- sion of a Socialist Candidate, and in 1900 was wiped out altogether, the present mew her, Mr. William Mitchell, polling 6,774. to Stanhope's 6,173.

........ - _ ZIN . N • '‘. 1 •••,•\ . 1 . •• :•; ... . -..-••• —_,---.---. . -....=•- • -,..2.,-//,' ' . , los /• *fr . , -• 1 , A/ ./. ~,./ i • I'', '." %/4.,X,,, . .1 • i ~,. ,01 .—_,, ' 1.../•":- . -•-- .•-•-....

===== 0002601_19040625_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 25, 1904.

CRICKET.

/TEO. G. HUSSEY & CO.. famed manufacturers Inoom- ki parable "Demon Driver" Bats. Every requisite for Cricket. Unequalled Tennis Rackets. Every requisite for Lawn Tennis. Best vs' ae Croquet.- Modest or Superb. Hie) Grade Golf Clubs. Every requisite for Golf. Ask local Sports Outfitters for their Oata'ogue. If not procurable, apply to 36 38 Queen Victoria Stret ;, London. Factories— Peckbam, London; and Elmswell, Suffolk (12).

*** Secretaries of Cricket Clubs are requested to send in their reports of matches as early as possible. Reports received later than Friday morning cannAt be inserted.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON V. EARLESTOWN.4VarringtOII gained a somewhat easy victory on Saturday at the expense of Earlestown. Score :

WARRINGTON. EA RLESTOWN. Lynes c Marsh b Alderson 9 T. Marsh c Hampson b P. B. Hawtin b Howarth 3 Connor

W.-I-LP-Oat-n(7,re c Crawley G. Husband c& b Lynes 6 b Alderson E. A. Connor b Howarth 0 H. Barr st Hampson b J. W. Bibby b Alderson 3 Lynes 26 T. Wright b Howarth ... 15 J. Crawley b Lynes Capt. Coke b Howarth... 3 WH. Crowther b Lynes 7 W. Richardson not out... 34 G. B. Leigh b Connor 0 G. H. E.; bsdell b Howarth 5 T. R. Howarth b Conuor 10 J. Callon run out

G. Hampson c Husband b Connor 3 Howarth G. Greenall not out ... 1 Extras

Total 66

Total 158 BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. EARLESTOWN. 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. Howarth 30.2 9 52 6 Lynes Alderson 2B 756 3 E A Connor 14 427 4 Warburton Husband EARLESTOWN V. WARRINGTON (SECOND ELEVENS).— These teams met at Earlestown on Saturday. The home team won somewhat easily. Score : WARRINGTON. EARLESTOWN. L. R. Connor b T. Clare 3 F. J. Reade not out ... 52 A. Thewlis c T. Clare b R. Robinson c Thomp- Burrell W. Hind run out ll J. W. Burrell b D. J.Thompson o Limond b Plinston 2 Goslin R. Pierpoint b Goslin E. Pierpoint c T. Smith T. Clare b Thewlis lO b Burrell A.Duckworthc Robinson F. Clare b Thompson... 24 b Burrell C. D. Bromley c Burrell Plinston 3 b Clare D. Plinston not out 7 J. Goslin did not bat F. Plinston b Limond 3 W. Bennett b T. Clare 1 Extras •

Total B4

Total (for 8 wkts)lso

SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. IRLA.II C.W.S.—Played on Saturday at Warrington, and ended in a win for the home team by three runs. Score :

WIRE MILLS. Taylor bE. Holmes 29 Etchells b R.Cook 9 J Evans c Brooks b Intin 6 H. Holmes run out 2 Clarke b Intin 3 Intin c Woodcock b Woodcock c Goddard b Gleave Intin Hawthorn bE. Holmes... 7 Ashton c Clarke b N Burton c H. Holmes b E. Cook Holmes 3 Green lbw b Gleave ... 6 Llewellyn b Caldwell W. Evans b Caldwell 5 Harrison b Gleave 6 R. Cook b Etchells 4 Caldwell c Taylor b Gleave b Caldwell 3 _ Gleave

N. Cook not out 0 E. Holmes b R.C00k... 1 Goddard not out 8 Extras 6 Extras

1 Total B7 Total B4 : GRAPPENHALL V. NoßTHwicH.—At Grappenhall on Saturday, and after a keen game resulted in the defeat of the home team for the first time during the season, by the narrow margin of two runs. Score:—

GRAPPENHALL.

NORTH WICH.

W. Banks b Harper R. Ellis c Cliff b Sadler 4 B. H. Doughty b War- A. Evans b Harper 2 burton R. Gifford c Fletcher b H.H. Hughes c Watson Burgess l5 b Warburton 6 W. Carter b Burgess l6 F. W. Bailey c and b J. Warburton c Burgess Hallows - 16 b Harper E. Englaad b Burgess 0 T. Sadler c Gifford b J. Burrows c Orme b Warburton

Harper 4 H. Orme cEllis b War- W. Watson c Doughty b burton Harper R. Hallows b Harper lO A. Gatcliffe b Warbur- H. Edwards not out 3 ton 8 M. Fletcher b Warbur- ton 0 T.Dutton c and b War- burton Extras

Extras

Total

Total 7O

ARLZY V. GRAPPIMIALL 2ND.—Played at Arley on Saturday. Score :

ARLEY. GRAPPEN'HALL Ir. J. V. Smith b Kirtland 22 D. Mail bH. Smith ... 7 RevJHTeogoodcPeters __ W. Wicks cH. Smith b _

b Carter - l2 Toogood 0 Dr. Love c& b Kirtland 21 F. Kirtland c Toogood H. Smith b Carter 2B b H Smith 0. Tickle run out 2 H. Carter bH. Smith... 6 E. Jones b Carter 9 J. MottrambH. Smith 0 H. Hart b Kirtland 0 WWoodwardbToogood 0 J. Hughes b Mottram A. Cowburn c Wicks b H. Rathbone c and b

Mottram W. Griffin not out 1 E. Banks c Jones b J. Greswell c Mail b Toogood Mottram

J. 11,K;;;1-2-ailb H. Smith 0 Extras

Extras

Total 120

Total 45

MOORE AND DARESBURY V. ALVANLEY.—PIayed at Alvanley on Saturday. For the viiiting teamH. Taylor took six wickets for ten runs. Score :

MOORE .AND _DARESBURY.

ALVAIILEY.

G. Wright bT. Booth ... -4 L. Gie-eriNiay b H H. Taylor bT. Booth ... 8 Taylor 0 W. Antrobus b Wright... 14 J. Noden c Newall b Rev. F. Clifton Smith c H. Taylor 0 Stanway bT. Booth ... 1 A. Greenway lbw b H T. Forster b Wright 0 Taylor 4 S. Taylor c A. Booth b A. Booth a Knight b S Wright 0 Taylor J. Knight bT. Booth ... 2 H. Wright b S Taylor 6 R. Newall b Wright 0 T. Booth a Wright b J. Millington run out G. Gandy not out 4 W. J. Britland b H. A. Millington b Booth 1 Taylor W. Stanway b H Taylor A. Colbe run out W. Green not out 5 A. Bugdale b S Taylor Extras

1 Extras

Total 26 STRETTON AND APPLETON V. S. PAUL'S (WARRING- TON).—At Appleton on Saturday. Score : STRETTON AND APPLETON. ST. PAUL'S.

Total 45

Johnson b Forster 1 Dawson c Johnson b Hallows c Gardner b Ellison 0 Forster ' 1 Ward c Ellison bMoor-

field Forster b Moorfield 2 0 Lawless c Fairhurst b

Hatton b Forster Moodleld c Lawless b Forster

Broady b Forster 6 Moorfield l3 Ellison b Lawless 0 Mason c Fairhurst b Fairhurst not out l7 Yfoorfield Johnson c Dawson b F. Gardner c Hallows Forster

Howard b Forster ll Parkes b Ellison 7 Chandler St Dawson b Seed lbw b Ellison 0 Mason Smith b Lawless P. Gardner b Ellison 0 Mann not out Extras 6 Extras

Total

Total

===== 0002601_19040625_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
BACKACHE IS DANGEROUS.

The attention that medical authorities are now giving to Backache shows what a prominent part Kidney Diseases play in medical practice at the present time. The theory is advanced and generally accepted that Backache is a sure symptom of Kidney Disease, and that as Kidney Disease develops into HO many serious and fatal forms such as Bright's Disease, Diabetes, Dropsy, Rheumatism, &c., the backache must be cured at once else the victim may answer for it with his or her life. That is why the uniform success of Dodd's Kidney Pills in curing Backache is attracting so much attention. Cures made by them are freely spoken of, and amongst the latest recorded is that of Mr.W.C. Bennett,Grindle, Shifnal, Salop. Mr. Bennett tells the story of his cure as follows : " I suffered for years with my. back. -I tried other things but they did me no good until I read of Dodd's Kidney Pills in the paper. I gave them a trial and the first box did me good and then:l hod more. Now I aln thankful to say I am well and I shall not be without Dodd's Kidney Pills again. They are the best I ever had." Dodd's Kidney Pills cure the kidneys. Healthy kidneys ensure pure blood. Good blood means good health.

" GUARDIAN" OFFICE (WARRINGTON) T. lIS OCKLEY- STREET (WARRINGTON).—PIayed on the Printers' ground. &bre:— , BUCKLEY-STREET. "GUARDIAN" OFFICE. A. Spruce b Burrell J. Leech b Nichols 0 C. Burrell b Appleton 0 W. Haddock b Nichols 3 C. Gelderd c A. Pugh _ _ _ __ _

J. Ap lleton c Woodhead b Appleton - 0 b Burrell T. Bunch b Nichols

T. Cook b Burrell A. Pugh b Nichols 0 C. Woodhead c and b F. Leech b Nichols _ _ _

_ G. Freeman not out J. llrmston c Moss b G. Davies c Spruce b Burrell J. Pugh b Burrell Spruce W. Croker c Haddock b Appleton .. W. Nichols not out txtras

Total 9 Total 62 WARRINGTON SECONDARY SCHOOL V. WARGRAVE (EA RLESTQWN).—PIayed at Warrington: Score :

s WA RRIGTON.- WA liG RA VE. J. Groarke b Sawn ... .. 8 A.Saxon cMeeb Hough- A. R. Cmgg b Powell ... 0 ton Mr R. H. Albery c Sweet- H. Sweetlove run out 1 love b Powell l5 G. Calvert rim out 2 W. IT. Houghton b Saxon 4 H. Davies b Houghton 2 E. J. Mee b Powell 5 W Powell bMr.Buckley 0 Mr. J. Buckley b Saxon 9 W.WaltoncMHoughton 0 Thomas Clarke c Powell _ F. Sweetlove c& b Mr. ‘,

b Saxon 0 Buckley 0 0. Sinclair b Saxon 4 A. Oldham c Clarke b W. Fletcher c Powell b Mr. Buckley 0 Davies J. Rig1317 b Saxon H. A. dandy not out W. Shaw b Houghton 1 Extras

Total ...... 50 Total l5 LATGEFORD BAPTIST 2ND V'. LOWTON INDEPENDENT —At Latchford on Saturday.—Score

LATCHFORD. LOWTON. W. Minards c Green b P. S. Green b Ford ... 3 Winstanley H. Turner c Winstanley b Hazlehurst b Stowell 1 Hesford l5 B. Ince sS. Hazlehurst C. Woods b Winstanley 7 b Stowell 0 J. Stowell b Winstanley 0 W. Birohall c C.Woods P. Ford b Winstanley ... 3 b Stowell 3 W. Bennett b Hesford ... 8 C. Hesford b Ford 6 P. Grice run out 1 W. Hill c Turner b Ford 2 S. Hazlehurst c Birchen J,Hill c Stowell b Ford 10 b Hesford 4 R. Brough c and b W. Southern not out C. Hackney b Hesford ... 0 H. Winstanley b Ford 2 P. Hazlehurst c Hill b J. Brough not out 0 Hesford 0 C. Turner b Ford Extras

Total 6B Total 3B FLETcHER's V. ST. MARY'S.—This match vnik played at Wilderspool on Saturday. Scores : FLETCHER'S. ST. MARY'S.

Tilley c lie-an b Garry 11 Garry. c& b Thompson 6 Stokes b Garry Bate b Garry Thompson b McKay l3 Bate Savage c Lowe b McKay 12 Dean b Thompson 1 Drummond b McKay ... 0 Henegan b Thompson 5 Corlett lbw b McKay ... 0 Cannel b Bate 0 Cummins not out Jones c Lowe b Cannel 0 Brown b Bate James b McKay 1 Marron b Thompson 0 Davies b Carmel 0 J. E. Mannion c Stokes _ _ -

b Bate Byrne not out 0 Extras

Total 46 Total "1 ST. MARY'S V. PLETCHER'S.—PIayed at Wilderspool on Saturday. Score :—Fletcher's, 56; St. Mary's, 21. MONKS, HALL AND CO. V. LOVELY-LANE.—On the ground of the former on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the home team by 31 runs. RYLANDS' BROTHERS OFFICE STAFF V. WIRE- DRAWERS' APPRENTICES.—PIayed at the Twiggery Farm on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the Office team, for whom Saunders played a fine innings of 37. Jolley bowled well, taking eight wickets. LATCHFORD BAPTISTS V. C.L.C. ENGINEERS.—PIayed at Battersby-lane on Saturday. The visitors batted first and compiled a total of 77, of which Lester was top scorer with 31, Cox coming next with 18. In reply the home team only made 35, Duckworth contributing 24. The bowling honours for Latchford were shared by Cliffe and Conway, the former taking five wickets for one run and the latter two for none. Latchford, 77; C.L.C., 35.

BOWLING. -- WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. The following matches were played on Saturday on the greens of the first-named clubs. Score : SANKEY. BULL'S HEAD. J. Perks B. Deakin 4 E. Shaw l5 J. Goulden l5 Simister W. Unsworth J. Barton l5 .1. Swanton J. Sparks 5 A. Gleave l5 .T. linsworth

R. Beddard J. Jefferson l5 J. W Jolley 4 F. T. Jefferson W. Ellison H. Houghton l5 H. Fogg ll

Total 140 Total ......121 Majority for Sankey, 19 points. FEARNHEAD. CEMETERY. P. Croft T. Smith H. Rowles l4 R. Rothwell l5 W. J. Shaw W. Bowering R. Mercer l5 W. Hill l2 Jos. Weston l5 T. Ellison 3 C. Roberts l5 E. Taylor lO W. Andrews l5 Jos. Harrison ll John Weston J. Andrews l5 John Harrison ll J. Roberts

Total 146 Total 145 Majority for Fearnhead 1 pt. WORKS COMPETITION.

There were three interesting matches in the second round of this competition on Saturday. Result : PEARSON AND KNOWLES LONDON & NORTH-WESTERN NO. 2. RAILWAY. P. Hill (capt.) l5 W. Gleave l4 J. Hewitt 4 J. Holland W. Eyes lO A. Clare l5 W. Davies l2 A. Peters l5 J. Sankey lO C. Millington l5 D. Ferguson l5 T. Horrabin (capt) l4 J. Bradshaw l5 T. Pickering 9 T. Hatton l5 W.Bridger l3 W. Lee lO J. Millington l5 T. Coembes , l5 R Marrow 9 J. Holbrook J. Boyle

Total 146 Total 164 Majority for London and North-Western Railway, 18 points.

_ WHITE CROSS WIRE. CHESHIRE LINES. J. Parr 2 John Monks (c,apt.)... 15 W. Connor' George Warburton l5 W. Skelhorn William Jones l5 W. Higham ll H. Roughley Tom Foster l5 J. Smith D. Wrench W. Rooke lO F Dale l5 W. Shaw J. Percival A. Gleave l3 J. Holbrook l5 Tom Ellison (c,apt.) .131

Total

Total 168

Majority for Cheshire Lines, 37. points.

. . 7 . ORFORD TANNERY. HOUGHTON'S WIRE WORKS John Povev James Melbourne (capt) 11 Sam Pletcher l5 J. Skelhorne l5 'James Harrison ll W. Povey lO Thomas Harrison M. Cunningham William Andrews J. Highatn • 2 George Rutter l5 James Povey W. Joslin ll W. Foster l5 James Andrews 6 N. Cook l5 W. Richardson Tom Bibby l5 A. Bellian .. 14

Total l2l Total 152 Majority for Houghton's, 31 points. FRIENDLY MATCHES.

LIBERAL CLUB V. CONSERVATIVE CLUB.—.The repre- sentatives of these clubs met on the Bewsey-street green on Monday night in a single-nanded game of thirteen up. The Liberals ran out easy winners by 86 points. Score:—

LITIERALS. CONSERVATIVES. .1. E. Warren (capt.) H. Daintith l3 J Gitten.s 9 T. Locker l3 G. Rotherham 6 W. Patrick W. Daintiti lO P Redfern ' 13' E. J. Mitchell l3 J. Thornton 1 J. Sankey l3 L. Lockett R. Marrow J.'Smith J. Gibson l3 R. Sewell 8 A. Lawton .T. Parr J. Middleton

F. Rigby l3 W J. Wilson R. Kerr 13 R. Straw W. Daintith A. Greenhalgh R. Whitfield J. Davies l3 J. H Harrison l3 E. A. Sanders l3 F. Barber

247 159 SARACEN'S HEAD V. THE STAG.—Played at Walton on Saturday. Result:—

SARACEN'S HEAD. STAG. S. D. S. D. Thos. Ince (cap.) 7l , 0 Thos Bowers (cap.) 11 1 a 11 5 P D. E. Watson "3f " H. Lake J. Broadhurst . J. Groarke E. Bailey A. Darnley J. Bailey E. Tw iss 1 13 11 Hy. Twiss 9 Thos. Heesom ll 1 J. Bell R. Hitchmough H. Crosby 2l 12 H. Ha.ssall 13 P. Hankiuson R. Sbazklady, jun ._ 1... W. Rathbene F. Heesom J. Singleton lOl iq G. Johnson ll 1 1 D. Richardson ll5 '" J Battles 45 ~.,. S. Mason E. Scott NV. Timmins ll 1 B. Naylor 5 J. Winstanley ill 12 R Alexander

188 125 140 88

140 88

48 37-85 Majority for Saracen's Head.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
"NOTHING CHEAPER OR BETTER THAN VI-COCOA."

Th;usands of men and women say this. Experience has told them that a 6d. packet or 9d. or is. 6d. tin of Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa is the best value in the 'World.

Experience also tells them that Vi-Cocoa affects beneficially both the old and the young, and possesses properties equally valuable to the weary brain worker and to the man or woman whose labours are more particularly manual. In fact there is no cocoa like Vi-Cocoa, and if you have not tried it the Proprietors will willingly send you a dainty sample tin free upon receipt of a post card addressed to 60, Bunhill-ro*, Loudon, E.C.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER POLO.

Wigan and St. Helens met in the Liverpool and Dis- trict League at the Wigan Corporation Baths on Wed- nesday night. St. Helens were without Lawrenson, his place being taken by Manning. Wigan, who first defended the shallow end,were strongly represented,and early on showed splendid form. Saunders twice defeated Turner with brilliant shots, whilst Hodgson scored a third goal. Manning scored for the visitors soon after the interval, and Saunders scored Wigan's fourth goal. Siiarrock added one for the visitors. Result:—Wigan 4, St. Helens 2.—ln a second.division encounter Wigan Reserves beat St. Helens Reserves by 8 to 1.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE EDUCATION COMMITTEE. Taking Children From School to Church.

At a meeting of the Cheshire Education Committee held at Crewe on Monday, Dr. Hopkinson, Vice. Chancellor of the Victoria University of Manchester, and Dr. Dale, Vice-Chancellor of the Liverpool University, with several other gentlemen, attended as a deputation to lay before the committee the position of the Universities with regard to education in Cheshire, and asked for an increased gent to assist those Univer- sities. After hearing the views of the deputatior, the Chairman said the Committee of Education for Cheshire desired to co-ordinate their work with that of the Universities as ranch as possible, but their financial resources were very limited. He promised, however, that the subject should be carefully considered. The question was referred to the Higher Education Com- mittee.

On the subject of taking children from school to church, the Clerk read a letter from the Board of Education, which stated that, after careful consideration, the board decided that managers cannot direct teachers to take children to church, either for service or religious instruction during school hours.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
IS REST NECESSARY?

Altrincham Mother's Views.

Notions to which even well-informed men have sub- scribed are being continually added to the long list of admitted mistakes of the past. Preachers agauast the bustle of modern life have never tired of pointing out, as a conclusive argument, that even machinery wears better for frequent rests, and now comes the newer idea that, as a matter of fact, machinery lasts longest and does the best work when kept up to its fullest speed.

-SS NELLIE WESTON. (Froia a photograph by _4. E. Martin, Altrincham..) It is to be hoped that this discovery will not lead to the suggestion that human beings should always live at the highest possible pressure. Unfortunately we have but two much proof of the terrible havoc which want of rest plays with the system. A "Cheshire County News" ireporter recently heard of a peculiarly striking case I which invited investigation. Mrs. H. Weston, of 10, Mill Street, Altrincham, supplied the facts willingly. My daughter Nellie, who is ten years old," Mrs. Weston began," had a bad seizure of St. Vitus' dance, which—it seems amazing to say it, but it is true—was 'completely cured by Dr. Williams' pink pills for pige people. Nellie was very poorly, and began twitching her hands and legs, and also falling off her food. This • latter surprised me, as she had always been a healthy • girl with a good appetite." The little one's I mother proceeded to relate the distressing I symptoms of this malady—the irregular and involuntary movements of the head and limbs, the languor which ' robs life of its pleasure, the convulsive clutching at things, and rolling about until, from ceaseless restless- ' ness and-complete exhaustion, the sufferer wasted away before her agonised mother's eyes. "When she was very ill indeed," continued Mrs. Weston, "I bought her two boxes of Dr. Williams' pink pills, and before she had taken one and a half boxes she was completely • better."

The happy motber added that the child was now in Ithe best of health, and a " big,fat, rosy girl." Asked how she came to hear of the wonderful cura- tive properties of Dr. Williams' pink pills, she said that an article in a newspaper caught her attention, and she "thought she would give them a trial." She" never tried anything else afterwards," was her additional remark. Mrs. Westoa contributed particulars of a similarly remarkable cure in the case of her eldest daughter. "Four years ago, she was also very ill with anfemia. I rsolved to try Dr. Williams' pink pills. My eldest girl was never strong. but I am glad to say she hss not had another illness since taking them. A doctor attended her," Mrs. Weston explained, " but seemed only to keep patching her up,' and every now and then she would break down again." "Yes," Mrs. Weston added, "they are undoubtedly the best pills to-day in either England, Sc•tland or Wales. My eldest daughter only took eight boxes of the pills in all. Nellie, you know took just 1, and whenever the former feels the least unwell she immediately gets Dr. Williams' pink pills, and Ands thorough relief."

, , 4 _ !,Z .174 ; .S 1 •• • A , `,/ • .4 _ - _ . - • • --- -- - - • ." • . • , • - , • , ,• . • mi

===== 0002601_19040625_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Farm Fire in Cheshire.

On Wednesday afternoon, a fire originated mysteri- ously in the stockyard of Mr. Robert Williamson's farm, Ivy Bank, Crowton, four miles from Northwich, a stack of 50 tons, roughly estimated at £2OO, being ignited. The Northwich, Brigade fought the flames splendidly till a late hoer, and effectively prevented the fire fromteacbing five other stacks, which occu- pied the yard. The fifty tons were virtually ruined by fire and water. The iiay was a solid old stack, so that spontaneous combustion is out of the question. The loss is covered by insurance.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
THE P.S.A. MOVEMENT. Annual Meeting of the Wycliffe Society. Last Sunday's meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A. Society was devoted to the transaction of the annual business connected with the society. A number of reports were read, and the annual election of officers took place. The President (Rev. John Yonge) presided. About 400 persons were present.

THE REPORTS.

Mr. B. FARR-tit (general secretary) submitted the eleventh annual report. All the meetings, he said, had bean marked with religious fervour and good feeling The aim of the brotherhood was to cultivate a' s pint of Christian brotherhood, to cheer, to elevate and to make the daily life Christianlike, to exert a healthy influence upon the life of the town and to lend a helping hand to those in need. There was no reason why the Wycliffe P.S.A. Society should not be made a greater influence for good. Every mem- ber could help to cheer the home, to purify the daily speech and to raise the morals of our municipal and political life. The work of absentee visitation had been well done, and let them never forget that where most attention was paid to visitation, there was the most prosperous P.S.A. The helping hand fund was also a very necessary fund in conveying practical com- fort in time of need. The sick club was still doing its helpful work with 56 members. Last year a bonus of 4s. was shared am ongst the members. The savings club was also doing well, although the number of depositors was not as large as the previous year, due probably to the depression in trade. There was now a temperance committee in connection with the brotherhood.

I ook-out or street committee would be a great help to the society. The prizes obtained this year numbered 743, or 37 more than the two preceding years, making a total of prizes distributed since the formation of the society of 9,989, or an average of 908 each year of the iociety's existence. The year closed with a member- ship of 560 and an average attendance of 370, about the same as the previous year. The new members enrolled this year was 466—an increase upon the number enrolled a year ago. The secretary proceeded to refer to the loss suffered by the society through deaths, and spoke of the indebtedness of the society to the officers and workers in connection with it. Let them not be discouraged he continued, because their numbers were not as large as they would like to see. Many men's meetings on Sunday afternoon had been started since the Wycliffe Society was inaugurated. There was plenty of room for all. There were move men outside the churches than there were inside the churches. If all the forces at work to reach the masses of workin,rbinen who did not attend a place of worship, would work in a Christ- like spirit and in brotherly love,indifference to religious observance would be largely overcome. Mr. R. ATILtNSON, the hon. treasurer, submitted the annual financial statement. The year commenced with a small debit balance but closed with a balance in hand of 12s. 10Ld. The receiptsamounted to £l3O 18s. 4d. Mr. R. Mit.Ls presented the absentee visitors' report. From this it appeared that 518 visitations had been paid during the year. Mr. JOSEPH OWES made a statement with reference to the benevolent fund. The amount distributed !in re- lief was £3 19s. Since the year closed a further sum of £2 12s. had been distributed.

Mr. DONALDSON, the secretary of the sick club said the club was inn satisfactory and prosperous condition, There were 56 members and at the end of the 'first quarter there was a 'sum of £lO 12s. 63d. in hand. After meeting all liabilities last year, there was a dividend of 4s. to full members and 2s. to half members. A sum of £6 3s.2Ld. was carried forward to the ensuing year. Mr. JAMES J. EVANI reported on the Savings Club There were 85 members, he said, and the amount de- posited was Xl7B 14s. 9d. The annual distribution would take place on the following Saturday. It was hoped to enrol more members next year. The CRAIRAI AN, in moving the adoption of the re- ports,said they weresatisfactory on the whole. In com- menting upon the attendance at the meetings he said there was a large number of men outside the churches. The P.S.A. was a workingman's institu- tion and he (Mr. Yonge) desired each member to use his best endeavours to bring others to the meetings. They were all very glad to hear that the treasurer of the society was able to finish the year with a balance in hand. The work in connection with the various organi- sations had been well done. He would like to see the Sick Club and Savings Club more popular. Warrington was a difficult town to move, but in some Lancashire towns these clubs were very useful adjuncts of P.S.A. societies and did much good work. The reports were adopted.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
RE-ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

The REV. .101-1;7-YONGE wasre-elected president ; Mr. B. Farrar, general secretary; Mr. R. Atkinson, hon. treasurer ; Mr. A. Cotterill, registration secretary ; Mr. R. Mills, visitation secretary ; Mr. Joseph Owen, benev- olent secretary ;Messrs. William and H. Farrar,markers ; and Messrs. J. Langford, T. Wood and J. Dutton, stewards. rh6 committee consists ot these officers and Messrs. J. J. Evans, G. Donaldson, W. Besw ick, J. Bailey, W. Crosskill, A. Downes, A. Healey, G. Wallington, G. Smiley, E. Smith, J. Simeock, J. Garner, G. Colley, C. Cotton, J. Dobbins, J. R. Palmer, J. Gresty, J. West, J. Riley, J. Starkey, G. Ford, William Sparkes, Henry Taker, Miles, H ewitt and T. Ellison.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

MR. SAM WOODS.

Mr. S. 'Woods, the secretary of the Parliamentary Committee of the Trades Union Congress, about whose health it was stated last week his friends were showing great anxiety, is now as well as he has been at any time during the past 18 months. He is at the present time in London attending to Trade Union Congress business. The statement that he has been relieved of any of his work in connection with the Miners' Federatioa is quite erroneous. As EARLESTOWN SUICIDE.

On Wednesday afternoon Mr. S. Brighouse held an inquest at Earlestown on George Dyer, who was drowned in the St. Helens and Sankey Canal on Mon- day morning. Dyer wasa sugar works labourer,and left a note on the kitchen table at the house of his uncle, Joseph Millington, Sankey Cottages, where he lived, stating that" this is the last time you will see me alive. Kiss little Jack for me, and my watch is for him." The jury returned a verdict of " Suicide whilst temporarily insane."

===== 0002601_19040625_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

No CARNEGIE SUBSIDY FOR RUNCORN.

Runcorn Councilha-v-e'iii;Tio.if:a-w a grant from Mr. Carnegie towards the extension of their free public library. A number of communications have passed, the Scoto-American millionaire desiring details of manage- ment and finance. He has now replied that the income of the Library Committee would not support larger premises than at present exist. BOOKMAKER'S WANDERINGS.

Edward Broder, until recently oyster dealer and prosperous bookmaker, was charged at Runcorn, on Saturday, with wandering abroad in the early hours of the morning without visible means of subsistence. He has been charged with sleeping out twice within the past three weeks, and discharged. He was now sentenced to fourteen days' hard labour. BEGGING FROM A CoNsTABLE.—At Runcorn on Tues- day, James Thompson, who described himself as a Sheffield ironworker searching for work was charged with begging and with assaulting Police Constable Brayford and Mr. Walter Gregory, of Wellington-street. The prisoner stopped Brayford,who was in plain clothes and asked him for a penny for a shave. Brayford arrested hiar, and a violent struggle ensued. Brayford was kicked, and Mr. Gregory had his watch smashed. The prisoner was with great difficulty taken to the police station. He was sentenced to five weeks' hard labour. The bench thanked Mr. Gregory for the aid he had rendered.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS:

ALLEGED HIGHW AY ROBBERY.-ST. HELENS COLLIER BADLY MA CUED.

Thomas Gorry, of 78, Bold-street, was remanded by the St. Helens magistrates on Saturday on a charge of highway robbery with violence. IChief-inspector Goodall said that the charge was one of stealing 11. s. 9d. from the person of Peter Leach, collier, of 88, Talbot-street, and also a silk handkerchief, pipe and tobacco. &c. Leach and a friend were in Liverpool-road on Friday night, when they went into a chip-potato shop, and were followed by Gorry, the prisoner, and to com- panions. Gorry asked Leach to treat them •to chips and he did. They went out of the shop to the corner of Peter street. Leach gave them a pint bottle of beer that he had in his pocket, and they drank it. One of the men said that he knew where they could get some more beer, and Leach said he would pay for it if he would show him where to go. They then went on to Greenbank, and when' near the bottom of Copperas- street Leach was set on by Gorry and the others, and his money and hpndkerchief taken. He was left almost unconscious, and had great difficulty in getting to the Town Hall. The other men had not been arrested. When arrested by Police-constable Charlton Gorry answered" Not guilty." THE NEW 'VICAR OF ST. HELENS.

The Rev. Cyril C. B. iia—r-cisley, the new vicar of St. Helens, preached at the Parish Church on Sunday to large congregations. At the morning service he said he had at first thought it would be right to wait until his institution—that solemn service which was an appropri- ate commencement to a new ministry—before he addressed them, but he felt that it was right to come amongst them as arranged that day, because he knew there had been a true introduction and a mutual inter- cession. He asked very earnestly for their help not only on his own behalf, but on behalf of those who had already worked amongst them, and those who had come with him from Nottingham. In the afternoon there was an attendance of 700 men at the Bible class, when Mr. Etardsley delivered an impressive address. He hoped they would try to know one another as soon as pos- sible. It would be comparatively easy for the members of the class to know him, but not so easy for him to know them. He hoped they would regard one another as brothers, and the feeling that they regarded their !vicar as a brother man would stimulate, aad strengthen and cheer him.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. JUSTICE FINNEMORE

Judge of the Natal Supreme Court, Sends the Following Remarkable Testimonial

===== 0002601_19040625_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
TO CUTICURA

The World Is Cuticura's Field, Used Wherever Civilization Has Penetrated.

"I desire to give my voluntary test!. mony to the beneficial effects of your Cuticura Remedies. I have suffered for some time from an excess of uric acid in the blood; and since the middle of last year, from a severe attack of Eczema, chiefly on the scalp, face, ears and neck and on one limb. I was for several months under professional treatments, but the remedies prescribed were of no avail, and I was gradually becoming worse, my face was dread- fully disfigured and I lost nearly all my hair. At last, my wife prevailed upon me to try the Cuticura Remedies and I gave them a thorough trial with the most satisfactory results. The disease soon began to disappear and my hair commenced to grow again. A fresh growth of hair is covering my head, and my limb (although not yet quite cured) is gradually improving. My wife thinks so highly of your remedies that she has been purchasing them in order to make presents to other persons suf- fering from similar complaints,, and, as President of the Bible Women's Society, has told the Bible women to report if any case should come under their notice when a poor person is so afflicted, so that your remedies may be resorted to."

===== 0002601_19040625_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
ROBERT ISAAC FINNEMORE

(Judge of the Natal Supreme Court), Pietermaritzburg, Natal, Oct. 29, 1901. Sold throughout the world. Cutlours Resolvent, 2s. Si On form of Chocolate Coated Pills. Is. lid. per vial of 110).. Ointment, 2s. 64., Soap, to. Depots t London, 27 Charter- kouse Sq. LParls, C Rue de is Pali; Boston, IS? Comm. bas Ave. Potter Drug a Chem. Corp, Sole Props. Ur *end for" All Aleut the Skin and Scalp,"

===== 0002601_19040625_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT HOMING SOCIETY.

The members of the above-named Society flew their fourth Old Birds' Race from Jersey on Monday, June 20th, 1904, 30 members sending a total of 228 birds. The result, subject to correction, is : Name. Volocity. *R. Wright *F. moor H. Craven 1075 *J. Hill *H. J. Longton 1063 J. Edgerley 1059 W. Gallop NV. Hodgkiss *NV. Lamb 1044 *H. J. Longton 1036 *yV._Roughsedge 1029

*F. Hayes - 1028 *E. Walker & Sons lOOl

*J. H ill W. Lamb 997 P. Leicester *H. Craven 991 *P. Leicester *W. Gallop 984 *G. Carter 9Bl J. Hill *E. Burrows 956 H. Woodward J. Ratcliffe Boyle and Barlow 947 *F.Bloor 946 P. Houghton *Howard Bros. 921 G. Carter 920 J. T. Bate 919 W. NV. Leigh J. Edgerley H. J. Greenhough 895 NV. Paice *Litherland and Harper 'Houghton and Levvellyn 873 H. J. Greenhough 869 *E. Burrows 864 *Howard Bros: 853 W. B. Walker *Open Race Birds. CORRECTION.

Mr. Longton's birds velocities in Bournemouth Race should be 1006 and 1002 ; not 1002 and 098 as given in the report on that race.

E. FORSTER, Secretary.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
LADY CYCLIST KILLED.

Miss Jane Jack (24), residing at Fowlis, was cycling down Gourdie Brae, near Dundee, when she lost control of the machine and crashed into a stone wall at a curve with great force. She was shockingly injured, and death supervened shortly after she was picked up.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
DIED WHILE PLAYING TENNIS.

A painful sensation has been caused in Longton by the death of Mr. Josiah Warner, a well known china manufacturer. Mr. Warner, who was 50 years of age, was playing a game of tennis at his residence on Tues- day evening, when he was seized with heart failure. He died in a couple of minutes.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Etn. "0-,:aintiter aeries

rig; CVLEIRINGTON IND ATD-Cill{9lllßß HttaActrsita." published every Saturis morning. " 4aßf.itirOV7l kgro NIRVICOM &ZA.M.INBR, 000lished eve,lT Friday afternoon. rap: VIBLVTB FAXAJWIRR: published every Friday afternoon. T" " RUNCORN FOILMINBIt," published every Friday afternoon. TH " viDlgge EXAMIFICIZ," published every Friday afternoon. Plt 4;l3A(0 AP kRT w.TTfI Vir VITRO AP.ARTM CCM To LEV ARTICLF.S LOST ARTICLEI P UND

ADVP:RTI4q; \I &NT HOUSES WANT ED HOUSES TO nr.: SOLD :SINOP:LC. LNE,US of ANTS MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 9.7 36 . 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... ss. Od. 34

===== 0002601_19040625_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
3ontestic efloerbants. etc

WANT S4D, MOrIiRWS KEMP ; fend of ehildren.—Apply Mrs. KEREHLW. Lauderdale, Draycott. near Derby.

WANTRID, General SERVANT. about 16.—Apply, Mrs, Wow), itel Rock Rouse, Worthington. near Wizen.

WANTBD, cfesn respectable GIRL about 16 for house- work .—DivENPoaT, Sunny Bank. Golborne.

W ANTRD COOK-GICNRRAL for small famlly.norse and V V housema'd kept —Mrs. DorroN',Brackenburst.Helsby

W ANTRII goo,' strong GRNICRAL fr Conntry Public.— VT Apply BAINES. Church Honee, Torver Conie,on. R. 1.0.

WANTED. good GBNICELAL SMRVANT.—ApnIy Mrs• JoBEPH HOUGHTON, Holes Lane Farm, Woolston. Br. Warrington.

ANTRD SMART intellig.nt WM. abmit 15; live in ; reference, requirel.—Addreaa 0. " Raaminer " Office, Warrington.

HITFIRLO'S Arll3 NOY requires all classes of V V BRRVAN IS at 71,FaatiwouTH Sr , Farnworth,Widnes; opposite the Old Churab.

IvANTBD strong GI-BNBRAL all duties in smai.l house; three in family ; no children.-3. DARNLEY ST. Brooli's Bar, Manchester.

TV no good GENERAL SERVANT, three in family; no washing ' • re.erence required—Mi. BROWN, 3, Market street, Leigh, Lancashire.

WANTI4D. good. strong GICSIBRAL, able to wash; good wages and good home; re'crence required —Apply CITY ARM., 49, Miller at., Manchester.

117 ANTHD, very resnectAhle &win strong GIRL, 16 ; to assist g.speral housework ; reference required.-17, AMILVELIT ST., Wlthington, Iftanchester.

virANTRD. for HOTRLS. WATTRB4SIII9, Cooks, ICPchen- maids, Housemaid-Waitresses, and 40 Generals, to walt.—Mrs. PEkarom's Registry. Blackpool.

A LL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country or J town publin and prioaie.—nall or write Miss HknufsoTs's only office). 6,oldham street, Manchester. Established 1862. NVANTED, HOUSEMAID and Housemaid-Waitress three servints and enrcienAr *Pp!, ; washing sent out —Apply PILsBURY, Meadowsleft, Hope titration. near Cheater. -

WANTRD tev.rd goni GRNRRAL SRRVtNT3; wuges £9,02, £l4. for Rhvl awl Liverpool --Aonly to Mi.B OWES R,sti,try Of&le. 1 Rotterton rd. Rhyl, North Wales.

IVANTBD sup-rior GHtiIItRAL SBRVA.NT for two ladies; ninat be *Met() wash and take entire charge of house ; wage ElB to £20,--Apply Mrs. A@PINALVS, 35, Bold Bt., Liverpool.

A TRUSTWORTHY DOIdItSFIC RizQUIRRD as Gen,ral .11 HPlp ; with Jood reference : goad wages to a suitable person ; age 20 to 3C, state reference.—Apply C., 56, Hough Green, Chester.

C"K.4 WANTED £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitress £lB to EU. Generals £lB to Eln. Girls £l4, excellent places. No connection with any other office. —Write to HARRISON'S 6, Oldham street. Manchester.

WANTHD. MINRRAL. 12th July, go,-,d plain COOK one child. lady nurse kept; good reference indis pensahle. State •ge. wages, and if willing to undertake washing. -3^, ATwoon ISD.. Didebury, Manchester.

ALL OLASSRS OF SITUATIONS, private and pnbli c good home.. eyeellent wages : places in tnwn.Pnun try and seaside.—Write to Havatisoa's OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street. Manchester.

SITUATII)N WANTRD as HOUSSIKKRPRE.or Manageress in Hotel or House of Busine.r, understands catering and other duties ; widow, daughter 16 Also Housemaid. single- banded. upper of two ; rho House-Chatnbermsiel in Hotel. —Apply Miss OwEN. Reentry, Rutterton road.Rhyl.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
wiz a ntrii.

SUNLIGHT or LIPHBUOY TOPS WANTREP ; 10. doz. Cash by retorn.--g-minfe SToRFs, Dedham. %sex.

UNLIG HT. LIFBBUOY T()Pti WANTRO, 19. per 100; /3 Thitchlese whole 19. M.—T*Thon, 42,14t0rge it., Hull.

QOA P WRAPPRItS Wanted. Sunlight.Lifehnoy,l4d. doz.. Matebless,Queen'6Honey,2d. SPENcE,Holmetop,Bradford

CCVVASSIiRR WANTED, in Provinces; aork snitnble for nirents with ppnre time.-- Apply A. J. WOOLRYCH, 106 Sydney st.,‘Burton-on-Trent.

WTHI) LADIR.; Rnd GHNTLHVIHN. Business ability. £2 weeklv.—Partieulare, &e., 2 stumps, R. PARRY. Ogivy Usk st , Bargoed.

'THE PENKETH TANNERY PRIZE BAND Is AT L LIBERTY FOR WALKING DAY, procession only.— Apply SECRETARY, The Park, Penketti.

4-1 APDRNIIR (24) SBRKS Itli-BNGAGEM4NT as Under- Gmrdener. ; two years' •eference from last situation.— WEIR, 8, Sunbourne road, .4. Miebsers, Livezpool.

WANTED, 2d. Blue Mauritius Stamp' wiused. Ex CblFigfl good nlothing for farnilv.—Approval, M. Box 1846, e/() sHARRow 8z THATCHER, CairibridZo CirCUS W.C.

LADY DAIRY PUPILS RRCRiVRD. —Butter. soft cheeses, clotted eresm. Certireated teachers. Mould- ing bolrd, £7. 28. weeklv.—Thel Model Farm.Malvern.

%V;THD, tine .1d Paintings, idin.tures.-3ce. Paintings skilfully cle‘ned mud resterecl.—Box tin. 1924. c/o SHARRow & THATCHER, West st.Catnbridge Circus, W.C.

PI3TROLRUM Pitt-111MS WANTICT), in large or mai quantities ; ss. eqrh Or sound ones ; in Liverpool Apply CHARCOAL Woßxm. 8, Paul et., Liverpool. Tel. 16 x.

ADopTioN._Married eounle, childless. desire to adopt c)-ild of good birth u their own with premium. Goo home n d Prn.n..cts. Good references; —H.q., 35, Elizabeth rd. Upton Pirk, Essex.

DOURNIMOTITH.—T dwatel Muftleal Gentleman required ) RS Pat tner in gmAll Blarding House.—Full particutars to 11 Pox. 1g42, efr, SHARROW THATCHER, West street, Cambririge Circus. W C.

A NIT ARY IN,IPRCTOR.I.—GADY HRALTO4 VISITORS V. 77 £lOO to £3s^ ; several hundred vacancie. ; 30n successes postal course eornmencinte for I lverpool and Manchester Fanms. free 25s —MireifF.Na Selene.) Teacher, Sunderland. PRTIc uRSH IP.— Smart ',lulu VAN with funds required by Liverpool Manufacturing end Commission firm. Good salary and one third of profits. Apolleaßts please state amount of money available.—HAßDY, 49, White- chapel, Liverpool.

fsrtoerneeiLeOreNtr "Biz:rd. leSetvaer R 2 R 2 Tin, nNe 11177 r tYI OMltaKil London every Thursday, st,eameS leave Antwerp every Rain- day. Book at once —Apply personally or by letter to M. K. KINDAT.L. 28, Rlrion St., R. C. (near Broad Street Station), ani 4 Adelaide St., Charing Cross.

ROTHE. PFBLIC —Man and Wife (34-V), require situa- tion as Managers, any psrt of kingdom. Experienced all branchee. good smart apoearAn •e, har.tworsing, no ahlislren Would nniertake management. of small private hotel Content with small salary. cosy borne preferred.— * HOTEL," Evening Argue' Office, Brighton.

FURNITURE, PTANOS. STOCKS, &c.. BOUGHT FuR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT. OR ADVANk,RS 334.013. HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN:. NO CHARGIz FOR INSPECTION. HATITLEY AND Ca, 12, MOSS-STREHT. LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
fir be let.

25. OATHERIRE 4TREET. g Rooms 4s. 34. per week. PENICRTH.— GOOD HOUSEg WITH GARDENS, 3s. 94. Per week. also Cottages 3s. 64. and 2s. 64. per week. WARRINGTON.—Ere SHOP n prlwipal positions in main streets, Rents £?00 £l5O. £lOl and £9O a year IVY LODGE.FROGHALL LANE rent £45 a year on lease. Apply ROBERT LowE. Estate Agent,No. I Bank-stroet War- rington. Telephone—No 55.

TTACT, Good Dwelling-house. 48, Parker street. —Apply W oons & Pox, Solicitors. Warrineton,

FO I.HT.—P ,USH and SHOP, Parker st.—Apply WOODS j AND Amy, -olleitors, Horiemarket it.. Warrington.

WARRHOUSH and YARD with Otabling :To Let in Elewsey st. (lately occupied by Joseph Woodward, Builder) ; also •mall shoo and railway arch.—Apply HMKTETuRST, Old Foundry. Wsrrington.

WORKSHOPS TO LW, suitable for joiner. builder, property repairer : also Yard suitable for coal or firewood tusiness ; dwelling-house and stabling could ba added if required, all in one lot or separate to suit tenants also a neat Workshop suitable for bicycle repairer, boot repairer. ; reasonable rents.- Apply ALLIANCE Box Co., LTD.. Orfor4 lane, Warrington.

DELIVERY and ORDER BOOKS Printed Bound, Numbered, and Perforated to Order.

FXAMINER OFFICE,

TWO DAYS old CHICKS. Buff Orpingtons and good cross 1 6s. 64. dozen,carriage paid.-24, BROOK Lass,Ormsklrk.

CIRCULARS in the neatest style, fro m moder type, and of the best workmanship. J OHN \VALIUM dc CO., EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY, STREET, WARRINGTON.

Li Mr.—ALDERSON BROTHERS, Direct Importers. 25. ' Brasenose road. Liverpool

I ADIBS left off clothing bought; highest prices return 1 A post.-88 LAKE RD., Portsmouth.

A RTISTIC PRINTING Co.-100 Cards. Memos. Invoices, LX is 3d. Samples free.-4, Malham rd., London.

A RTISTIC HO vIIIWORK, easy and profitable. Full in- tl. structions, 4 stamps —HANeox Bnoe..Southport.

1 OR MIRAN! in 3b- minutts.—Patent American 12 Quart 1- Freezer, a btrgain.--47, BRAY ST.. Ashton, Preston.

-DI ICTORIAL POSTC/ittDS.-20 well assorted for is. ; .1. splendid valrie.—HlmoN, 43, Halsted at., Bolton.

SILK NBCKTIKS, 3s. 3d. per dozen carriage paid. Money returned if not approved. —BEARDS, Cobb at., London

A NTIQUH FUHNITITRH for sale; bargains. —Write r. requirements, ALBYN H OUSE, Parsons green, London

II&I R Restorer; specialist's pr.paration; bottle tree 2s. 9d. -MAXWELL MosTE, 3, The Terrace.Houg hton-le-Spring

===== 0002601_19040625_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 25, 1904.

Oigrelialieous, on Oalts, tit.

-MEW POTATONS. free by post or rail, 2s. for 10lbs. Cash 11 with order,—FISHER & CONEY, Jersey.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
SILK.--Full Dress Length. handsome Silk, pleiged ; sacri- flee voucher 64.—Fav, 66, J.ffreys rd., Clapham.

QTANIPEL-35 rare varieties, and three high class pictoria °postcards 3d—SMYTR STAMP Co.,Hoscombe,Bournemouth.

CAST-OFF-OLOTHI NG. Beginners supplied. Splendid £3 bales,large profits.-BaINE'S Wardrobe Stores,Soarborough.

VOLDING MAlLCART.reclining back, atrong and durable • I. PO. 21. 11d.—ATKINEION, 1 Myidelton Squire. London.

1/6 PAIR SUBDR GLOVES.—Sueelal Offer. All Colours Post Free.--GuEvrwoou,D sper.Kinodown.Brlst ol

NBW POTATORS.-7s. 6d per cwt., free ,2n boat, barrels returnable cash with order.—FISEIRR it CONEY, Jersey

===== 0002601_19040625_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

ANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers kJ well. "After one dressing I found 133 dead next morn- ing."—J. BLI" Helsthorpe, Leighton. " I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Poison."-0. Coox, Farmer, Ellesmere. " I destroyed 145 rats with it."—(l. ViriLsox. Offord.—'9end le 23 to sAgyogo SON, Sandy, Ben.. Sold by Chemists,

===== 0002601_19040625_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
alotor Cal:sl Cntits, tte.

_ RBRAULT MOTOR CAR, In perfect order, £125; trial inyiterl.—Mr. HAw. Grimsby.

etYCLISTS !—Get Patent King Brake, Bs. 6(1., cash with order.—ATKlN, 120 Pimm it.. Nottingham.

300r5e5. Tarriagro, ?Mr *teak Brt

PONY for SALB. 14 hands, sonnci. can be seen at work ; price E 6.-- Apply. J. STAMP 9, Penketh

HARNBS9. Pull size £4 2.61. Coe sizes £3 15s. VT Pony size £3 6.. Cab or business cart harness £4 10s. Strong van harness £4. Farmers' strong cart h,mess £3los. All the above are bawl made in our own factories. Heavy cart saddles and breechings £l, Csrt bellybands 34 6d. Plough pads 2.., 2 inch,s British (4overnment 6ackbaniis and tugs 10s 6d. Cart collars 5s ;teel harnes with hooks ls 6d per nair. Black waterproof cart cover 6ft 6in. by 61t 61n. 4s 6d. Ken's brown leather British Government navy belts 6d. All goods sent on approval. Illustrated catalogue post tree on application to JARDINE, contractor to H. hi. Government, Nottingham.

IMPORTANT ANN*UNCRAIRNT TO THR PUBLIC. viR MIR PRKPARIM TO GRANT bPROIAL TlitiviS TO ALL PRRSONS 80100 WING MINRY PROM US. Do Nor 14 ESITATF:. BUT WRITE AT ONOR. WHEN OUR MANAGER WILI, gALL UPON You AND GRANT YOU THE A/I°I;NT YoU REVIRE. NOTE THE ADDRESS : Es STREET (NEAR CoUNTr CouRT). ST. lIRLIiINS. ILT Ablished e last Century. TE the

===== 0002601_19040625_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEE.

JUNE 25 1904.

Mr. BENN'S striking THE UNHAPPY majority has made MINISTRY. the Ministerial jour- nals very unhappy. The "Daily Telegraph" in a great rage says the Radical electors of Davonport belong naturally to the "predatory party." Why the "predatory party" should vote for Free Trade is a mystery We should have thought that Protection was more attractive to people in quest of plunder. The "Standard "sees in the Devonport election only too faithful an illustration of the fate which com- pels a Unionist candidate to slip into the meshes of Birmingham. "Usually," says our London contemporary "he confines himself to the lines laid down by Mr. BALFOUR, at Sheffield, for which there is something to be said; but he scarcely ever fails to hint, if not to declare openly, that he leans towards the idea of Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. Bye-election after bye-election has shown conclusively that • these tactics are thoroughly distasteful to the general body of electors." This indicates a pretty clear perception of the fa its. Unfortunately the "Standard "is itself on slippery ground. It is not much use to commend the lines laid down by Mr. BALFOUR at Sheffield, and then to complain that Unionist candidates slide along them in the direction of Birmingham. That is what the Sheffield engineer clearly wished his candidates to do if they could manage it without alarming the general body of electors. They cannot manage it, but this is no reason for maintaining that something can be said for Mr. BALFOUR'S permanent way. The latest by3-election cannot be very soothing to Ministers, who are wrangling among themselves over army reforms. Mr. ARNOLD FORSTER IS believed to favour the adoption of the Esher scheme with little or no reservation. Lord LANSDOWNE and Mr. BRODRICK, both of whom failed so dis- mally at the War Office, are said to be opposing him strongly. Hence the postponement of Mr. ARNOLD FORSTER'S statement on the whole ques- tion in the House of Commons, and the very little light thrown upon it in the House of Lords on Tuesday. It is now rumoured that the postpone- ment will be extended to next year. In any case there is no chance of passing any scheme. this session with all the Government Bills so lamentably in arraar. A well—consid wed plan founded on the Esher report, would have been more welcome at any rate than the Licensing Bill. It might have diverted attention from some of the most flagrant blunders of the Cabinet, and have given one Minister at least the credit which his colleagues hunger for in vain. But it looks as if Mr. BRODRICK and Lord LANSDOWNE would not let Mr. ARNOLD FORSTER enjoy this happy distinc- tion. Besides, the Government have contrived to excite so much of the distrust which the " Stand- ard " calls" public prejudice," that it is probably too late for them to profit even by good intentions. They must hold together. The danger that Mr. ARNOLD FORSTER will resign rather than yield to the eminent failures who pre- ceded him at the War Office is not great. Mr. BALFOUR is likely to exercise his adroitness in composing the differences in the Cabinet. But the popular temper which comes out in Devon- port election marks the exhaustion of the public patience. The "Daily Telegraph" says it is "silly to pretend that adverse bye-elections furnish any excuee for the resignation of Ministers." But they do furnish a reason for believing that the country would rather get rid of these Ministers than wait for them to settle their private quarrel about Army Reform. After so many rebuffs from the constituencies they certainly gain neither a moral nor even a tactical advantage by remain ing in office.

All hope of any workable understanding bell come to between the Liberal and Labour partiee..lr Warrington seems to be at an end. The Lah°.ro, Representation Committee has passed a grandb, quent and cumbrous resolution in which :du declines to receive a deputation from the Li"behro Association, giving as the principal reason t ee the rules and constitution of this Oniumitt•th strictly forbid any compromise or alliance ago either of the two political parties." It aPPe,lr6 to us that this is merely another way of seq,a the Liberals: We are g in our own waY• 0;m. go yours! If the Labour Representation u" %mittee is bound by such hard and fast rale Lodi to might have intimated the fact a little Some of the Labour men in the town have bneese inclined to resent what they have looked iiPtig, want of consideration on the part of the Lihei7be but they should be alive to the fact now that "wo party of "no compromise" is their 1/oet party. It is not unreasonable to e55,11,,0. however, that the Labour Representation va"„ii v- mittee does not, in itself, accurately rePare Labour opinion. Some of these inetlA Socialists, and all, we suppose; are out an,"7o trade-unionists who mean to fight for W " their ia hand. Now there are hundreds of Labour inetlees, the town—level-headed trade-unionists nothing to be gained from alienating the Libe`ll-0; among whom are many of their own kind. le'd to have half-a-loaf offered them and are disinclin d be severely independent and do without hi.retnar all. Through Mr. A. H. Crosfield the -tiatnial Party would be able to obtain much that the expect from direct representation, end present time their policy sheuld be to give,iog Crosfield the chance he has earned of represen" tic in Parliament the Progressive and Dein°crage forces of Warrington. We believe that the cob majority of Labour men are averse to anY hso suicidal policy as a three-cornered contest seube. sr they should make their views clear to the Labody Representation Committee, before that ~nree comtnites them to an unwise and wasteful of action. action.

Labour men who are uncertain as co the tud 3 they should take have had a fine exanirebol them at Devonport, where the successful Id go, candidate, Mr. J. W. Benn, was stronglY -scd ported by Messrs. Henderson, ShackletVboar Crooks, Nl.P.'s—three stalwarts of the l'ttioa Party and members of the Labour Rsprenettlf Committee. These gentlemen were su--ersl broad-minded to see that in Mr. Bern, -u,',;blo nominee as he was, they would secure a °lb-o,ot ally and they plumped for him re'seaci less of the Independent Labour Forgoero the Labour Representation Committee. ths is consequently a mighty hubbub 1° Labour Party. In tact aflairs have approselicip crisis. Mr. Bell has already been put "bere,/011 pale," and the "Clarion" to-day advocates too, drastic measures for Messrs. Crooks, Shae 13' and Henderson. In the leading article Mr• Suthers says: "The gentlemen named .0;0- flagrantly outraged the constitution of the the mittee whose servants they are, and forfelte" confidence of the whole Labour Party. 16 60 rank and file of the trade unionists rt socialists going to put up with this se` ad thing? "—and so on ad infinituns, ~.°!bouf nauseam as may be. Mr. John Hodge,thll 'cher candidate for Gorton, is likewise accused 0' „ay ing in the formation of a strong Liberal orga"too tion to further the candidature of Mr. Churchill, M. P. What heresy! The can " hardly believe "it. Moreover this P°" the view is not isolated. We find pretty taile"nisrlo same thing in the" Labour Leader," which re-tosB roillstioo sadly that: `• Devonport has tied a round the neck of the Labour RepreseotBeer Committee. Is it to be pushed into the tog Charitably we refrain from answering the question. loss This crisis in the Labour party is a most Sorer one. Indeed its importance can hardly be Oef for a i ted and it has special and particular nteree rto Warrington Labour men. We will endeaVeboar discuss the position without bias. The I'llo party finds itself in this position. It helps, th0 r the Labour Representation Committee, nlee into Messrs. Crooks, Shackleton, and Henderscr boa( Parliament. They go to St. Stephen's as 144 tof M.P.'s purely and simply, but ParliaeleeisoG atmosphere broadens their views. With impossibil•tyef result: viz., that they discover the entirely and for ever looking upon the Libe -r.eTslble natural enemies. Instead they see, like s.betsi men, that in many respects the aims of the -1-30 is 0 and Labour parties are identical. Where tiler tor, Labour candidate in the field so much the hevera- but when a man of vast experience in local Gre ment,of progressive views, and a Free Traderte te Mr. Benn puts up, then they do mot heispitarotee:, support him against a Conservative and ii." 000: tionist. Apart from the observance of the; ,olis Representation Committee's strict COO od° jetl'; could be a more logical, broscri.Tooe' and clear-headed position ? The 'sfoicls* party appears to be ploughing the foe' Its ablest men, so soon as they beget elPe-joag.; use their independent judgment, and thetebou; merit is clearly against the tenets of the aboe' Representation Committee. Can the likosrs,i party afford to throw over men like 07, 8311, Crooks, Shackleton, Hendersoeto ot4er Hedge? We say that it cannot, for eve.% (19..., of this drastic nature would not remove ''tetiu; culty. Their successors in Labour represee4 if In would, in all probability go the same waY th.,°( the dictate of a natural law. It seems te f,sebote' the Independent Labour Party and the did Representative Committee will be comP;o3 ll reconsider their position—in Warringt°l3,-011; over the country. Tne desire for direct rer 83.. j" tation is laudable, but it cannot be selitleve, making uncompromising hostility to the fiaciP'e party a sine qua non. A give-and-take y. 093 will have to be one of the fundament Labour creed, or the party be eteroallY to the position of impotence in which it ne" itself. the a We are informed that our commen os-,, hro who "Social Brotherhood" in our two last isseto given the impression that we are unfrienol7oo,oo new social movement. We therefore irservir repudiate any such suggestion. The Ssei,4lal rotlidee League,which has sprang from the "Soolele-,. asd; eh hood " idea has our full sympathy in are acquainted with its aims and otdecw-boe5;01 Rev. H. Dunnico promises to publish thehea tution of the League in our next issues vi opPfbe in common with our readers, will have tunity of fully acquainting o irselves woodsy,. intentions of the Brotherhood. A correitProet, in another column points out for gr. varivgt,°. special notice that there is already in WrsZ. <el a Socialist organisation " with !IVO °i•ft• ideals in view, the same prieeklP,:bll similar methods of procedure." Pre"- f 11' fit Dunnico will be surprised. The socialists ° 01109 A our correspondent is one, have kept thecesoce much in the background that their eXisLed ja‘fiii/11 been quite forgotten and their deeds steen,o %to ger of being" unhonoured and u0unl":0 should "P. B." look with an unfriendlY ipoti"of Social Service League and deem it a riv,..6 thosedet tion ? If, as he says' its ideals Sac. are li'estrsilqio his own society, he should welcume thenois t°his with a whole hearted enthusiasm. It,:e",08 to that a little rivalry would do P. oe friends no harm, hut rather spur greater endeavour. endeavour. a 010 of the The suggestion of the Medical 011ien,,,-10 in 00 that all the public elementary se i vr; of .003 Borough should be closed at once n °lease 1410 continued prevalence of infectious dile, of Ile an interesting discussion at the meet'enring. „of' Education Committee on Monday eve-notro,l-00$ have no desire to enter into the erdlooluccor as to whether the suggestion should 0.,0 CO; have been first considered by the ic'e.deoti,"ooo mittee. Certainly no case has been,elb6ooolo of any desire on the part of the Healt" the olltoo. to shirk its resposibility by throwing coon° 10 closing the schools on the Education s to too Under the circumstances it seert! est Otioe that the Medical Officer took the wle%dooterot in his capacity as medical adviser to th.eoo to toria Committee in first maging his sugkeetit first " for we have now been able to obtain

===== 0002601_19040625_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-9! 4%. - , z.f • •

===== 0002601_19040625_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
......'''...

the tt,i'D "Libor- )olY rd 611, eton r LOO,llO sent3"l flicier't ibeo atjblie, reg'irn'j art)? 11-3. 3. i nj' 'OaCbed VrIY Ond ckle,"lje ,1311. :

0011 r the A 00 e tha ists .saof sort' ad or dr Labo' of holr orV,'3l3it6:l; 3:3ltiri°llof pOilltt 0 ISLICh ,:rl3lO rell/7.00 naiiistvioo 5011tt 10 Se:to' Ito- -10

035 0 , th s 0 tV of .gd rot- 0 3 fti of We ,rod • OD , qll'coro; 3 00 tee 00it of 00" 00, °fili° to rge b C01:1•00 iLICO"- the' ci uso IA 11

A

What the opinion of the Education Committee leally is on the question of closing schools in times of epidemic sickness. Profiting by their ex- perience in the past, the Education Committea Is not satisfied that the suggested closure of the 8410018 will have the desired effect. This opiiiioo Will.be shared by many outside the Committee, for it is difficult to conceive that the children are IeSS liable to come in contact with other children 39,h00 out of school than in it. The Medical ufacer himself seems to hive some doubts on the taatter for on looking at his last published annual lep3rt we find that he refers to the wholesale Closing of schools on the occasion of an epidemic 91 measles in 1901 and concludes with the follow- _ing significant sentence: "On the whole i think TAW one cannot feel very certain about the value of the action taken."

The Medical Officer's suggestion has at any rate bad the effect of directing publi3 attention to the health of the town. The Education Committee has taken a step in the right direction in recom- mending the free use of the baths to ,the school children, and we sincorely hope the Hall, Parks and B sths Committee not place any obstacles in the way. -J-1i.13 popularisation of the baths amongst school Children will not only give every child an oppor- tunity of learning the useful art of swimming, but it will improve the health of the youngsters and teach them habits of tileanlinass which will More than compensate the town for the ,small monetary loss which the free use of the oaths will entail. It might not be out of place for the Education Committee to go further in the !same direction. They might put in a word for the nagged Snhool, which is doing noble sanitary Work in the way of washing slum children, and is compelled to pay for the water used. If the Baths are made free to school children, then indeed will 114 be the height of abstirdity—if it is not now—to Make Mr. Skelland pay for the water he uses in Promoting personal cleanliness and health among the poorest children of the town.

The result of the contest in the Harborough division is another heavy blow against the pro- tectionist campaign. Although Mr. Philip Stan- hope, the Free Trade champion, was an entire stranger to the constituency, and in that respect at a great disadvantage compared both with his ?PPonent, Mr. Harvey Dixon, and the late niem- oer, Mr. Logan, he has won the seat by the largest , taa3ority ever recorded in the division. With all !Ile great popularity, Mr. Logan only won in 1900 _?3' 1,330 votes, whereas Mr. Stanhope has piled up a,738 votes to the good. It is to bl hoped that the Protectionists will perceive in this signal de- feat the futility of such tactics as those adopted by Mr. Dixon. While avowing himself a follower of Mr. Balfour, and declaring that the very idea of a food tax "stuck in his throat," he allowed the 'constituency to bb flooded with the litbrature of the Tariff Reform Leagub, with whose objects he 7et professes to have no sympathy. Anything ,lese in harmony with Mr. Chamberlain's appeal to zde followers to" keep their banner high" it would be difficult to imagine.

There can no longer be any doubt that we are 111 for a renewal of the Protectionist agitation last autumn's campaign resulted in so complete an overthrow of Mr. Chamberlain that many came to the conclusion that he would accept defeat and devote his energies to some new project. But he Protectionist leader is an obstinate man, and ne is not yet convinced that the country has fin, ally rejected his mischievous schemes. Fortified aY large sums subscribed, to use his own favourite phrase, " gentlemen with foreign names," he la making preparations for giving the public a llooond edition of the "raging,tearing propaganda" Uring the next few months. Even the Tariff Reform League, hustled out of one constituency after another, is putting forth new signs of life. Jill this outpouring of energy and money means that. leree Traders must once more prepare to defend their position against the attack of the Protection- ists.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Index to Inside Pages.

PAGE 2. Wedding of Miss Gornall, Women's Cbatand Fashions. Stockton Heath. Short Story by Evelyn Swan. 3. Events of the Week (Illustrated.) Cricket and Bowling. Wycliffe P.S.A. District News. 6. Education Committee Meeting. Police News. 7. The Progress of the Engineering Trade: Warrington Football Association. The Balfour Cup. Fatal Trap Accident. Our Local Churches. Penketh News.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEXT WARRINGTON OPERA. "The Gondoliers."

Our readers will be interested to learn that the big success of "The Yeomen of the Guard " g_iven last autumn at the instance of members of the Warrington ITisical Society, is to be followed next October by similar performances of "The Gondoliers." This vivacious opera—one of the most popular of the Gilbert and Sullivan collaboration.s—is, we understand, now well advanced in rehearsal, great enthusiasm marking the twice-5-week meetings which are yet. in the height •of summer, being held in the Cairo-street schoolrooms. The more numerous dramatis personae of "The Gondoliers" gives opportunity of utilising the abilities of a greater number of the Musical Society's mem- bers in the cast than was necessary last year —albeit it will be seen from the details given below that almost all who then so greatly distinguished themselves are included in leading farts this year. "The Gondoliers" will, we believe, be presented with even greater completeness than characterised the "Yeomen of the Guard" performances --the scenery, stage accessories, the dresses and the lighting, being of the very best that money can provide. The rehearsals of the music and the speaking parts are, !,8 last year, being studied under the direction of Mr. P. H. Crossley and presently Mr. Thornley-Dodge—to Whose abilities as dramatic instructor and stage manager ranch of last year's success is attributable—will take an intimate part, in preparing the opera for public perform- ance.

--- Appended we are enabled to give our readers the cast for the forthcoming opera : The Gondoliers: Dramatis Persona. The Dnkl of Plaza-Toro Mr. C. P. Gough Luis Mr. J. E. Hannan 1)on Alhambra del Bolero Mr. J. W. Bibby Marco Palmieri .44 r. J. Rabbitt °inseppe Palmieri Mr. A. Fieldhouse Antonio Mr. W. Moores raIICASCO Mr. J. Parkinson 'Giorgio Mr. J. Knowles Annibale Mr. J. H. Fisher The Duchess of Plaza-Toro Miss Emily Jeans 'Casa& Miss Arline Harrison Gianetta Mrs. Arthur Booth Tessa Miss Henshall Piametta, Miss A. Daunt

Vittoria— Miss Margaret Pierpoint _rainlia 4-neZ f Miss Wilcocks

===== 0002601_19040625_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
WALKING DAY. The Arrangements for Next Friday.

-- , Another week, and the children's festival, so eagerly ooked forward to by young and old alike, will be over. Lae arrangements for Priday's processions are practic- ally complete, and fine weather is all that is needed to stire sucess. As usual the Roman Catholic schools L'▪ aveorganized a separate procession, and a pretty 1313ectacle it is sure to be. The Church of England and l‘Toncon form ist schools will assemble on the lawn in front of the Town Hall at 9.30, and will commence to move off atten o'clock to traverse the usual route. The Blue Coat 'children will lead the way, andthe order for the Church schools will be :-1, The Parish Church; 2, St. Peter's' • ,s 3 St. Paul's; 4, St. Ann's; 5, Holy Trinity, 6, St. Jaarnabale; 7, St. James'. Many of the Nonconformist Scholars will leave the town first thing in the morning ,f„Or country resorts, but several schools will figure in 'lle procession. The Roman Catholics will hold IL'eir procession shortly after the Church •of 4,4 land and Nonconformist schools have passed ;1011g the route. The order will be :—St. Albaas' ; • Benedict's ; St. Mary's Buttermarket-street St. • s, Latchford; and Church of the Sacred Heart. °meeting place for St. Alban's, St. Benedict's, and Mary's, Buttermarket-street, will be St. Alban's `T• urch, and from thence 'the procession will proceed 'alo• ng Froghall-lane, Rolleston-street, Legh-street, Bath- • u, past the Town Hall, Sankey-street, Bold-street, Ilast Arpiey Cannons, Bridge-street, Horsemarket-St., d back to Bewsey-street. The Church of the Sacred ,ept scholars will join the procession at Bold-street, • St. Mary's, Latchford, at Bridge Foot.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events. The second anniversary of the settlement of the Rev. Herbert Dunnico will be held to-morrow. In the morning, service will he held in G-olborne-street, and in the evening Mr. Dunnico will preach for the last time until winter in the Parr Hall. The choir and children will sing at all services. Conductor, Mr. T. Brough, organist, Mr. A. Trow. The Rev. R. Wilkins Rees will preach on "The New Methodist Hymn Book" at Bewsey-road Wes- leyan Church, to-morrow (Sunday) evening.

Bold-street Wesleyan Sunday school will be re-opened after renovation to-morrow (Sunday) after- noon. A special children's service will be held, Hr. W. Roberts, J.P., presiding. The band of the Ardwick Green Industrial school will play selections from 3to 9 p.m. on Walking Day in Bewsey Hall Park. • - -

At Wycliffe Church to-morrow (Sunday) evening the special choral service "The Daughter of Jairus " will be rendered. Mr. A. Corney will deliver an address.

The Wages Dispute in the Flint Glass Trade. The glass-workers at Messrs. Robinson, Sons and Company Limited at Bank Quay, in common with the other glass workers in Lancashire, have not yet arrived at a settlement of their. dispute with the masters as to wages.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Another Case of Anthrax in Cheshire.

.case of anthrax has occurred on a farm at Whitley, Cheshire. The disease was detected in a, cow, the carcase of which has been crenalted. Is3la- tion precautions have been taken.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
The Volunteer Encampment.

The Warrington Volunteer Battalion will this year form part of the 30th field army brigade which is to be encamped at Salisbury Plain (eastern portion). The other battalions • forming the brigade will be the Second Cheshires, First Royal Welsh Fusiliers, and the Second Battalion Herefordshire Regiment. The advance party leaves Warrington on the 19th of July, and the battalion will follow on the 23rd. They will remain until the 6th of August.

The New Isolation Hospital at Dutton: Two foundation stones of the new Isolation Hospital to be erected at Dutton by the Runcorn Rural District Council, were laid on Thursday afternoon in the pre- sence of a large assembly,Mr. Thomas Wright presided and the stones were laid by Mr. S. Woodward and Mr C. E. Linaker, jun., who were presented with silver trowels and mallets. Afterwards tea was served in the Board Room at the Workhouse. Tho. present scheme will cost over £6,000.

The Social Service League. Another maeting of the committee was held last evening, the Rev. H. Dannico presiding. The con- stitution, rules &c. were definitely agreed upon and they will appear in our next issue. The object:of the league is the re-adjustment of the present social order" and the organisation is to consist of all per- sons, irrespective of creed or politics, who are in sympathy with its expressed objects. The annual subscription will be is. The Rev. H. Dannico was elected president, and Messrs. E. Osborne and J. Morton, secretaries. The following were elected on the committee :—Messrs. E. Lloyd Jones, E. England, J. Elwell, Nathan c3ook, N. Balmford, J. Heywood,and Councillor James Evans.lt was decided to ask the two lady Guardians (Mrs. Clay and Miss Broadbent) and a number of prominent .townspeople, irrespective of party politics, to become members of the committee.

Marriage at the Parish Church. The marriage was solemnized at the Parish Church on Thursday, of Miss Evelyn Dixon, daughter of Mr. John Dixon, Manchester-road, Warrington, and Mr. Arthur P. Marshall, son of Mr. James Marshall, late of Rock Ferry, Liverpool, and at present resident in Russia. The Rev. A. Pitt, vicar of St. Clement's, Liverpool, officiated. The bride was prettily attired in a white silk dress, trimmed with Brussels lace. She wore a tulle veil with wreath of orange blossom, and carried a lovely bouquet of white roses and lilies of the valley. Her ornaments were a gold necklet and pendent, the gifts of the bridegroom. There were two bridesmaids— Miss Amy Dixon and Miss. C. Dale whose dresses were of pink silk voile, trimmed with ecru lace:. They wore large black picture hats and carried bouquets of sweet peas. The bridegroom's gifts to the brides- maids were gold bangles. Mr. Stanley Marshall discharged the duties of best man. After the cere- mony the company adjourned to Cairo-street schools where the reception was held. Later in the day the newly-married couple left for Torquay where the honeymoon is being spent. The bride's going away dress was a blue costume with hat to match. Police Promotion.

On the recommendation of the Chief Constable (lir Luke Talbot) the Watch Committee made several promotions at their meeting on Thursday. Detective Barlow, who has seen thirteen years service, was advanced to the rank of first class staff sergeant. He is a very useful member of the force, and already holdsthe positions of coroner's officer,assistant hackney carriage inspector, registrar under the Motor Act, and inspector under the Children's Employment' Act. Detective Forster, who has served nearly thirteen years, was promoted to the rank of second class staff sergeant. For some time he has acted alternately with Sergeant Williamson, as officer in charge of the bridewell on night duty—a very responsible position. It was decided that P.C. Clough be attached to the detective department. He has been connected with the force for fifteen years, and for a considerable period has acted as plain clothes officer and pro- bationtx detective. He was recently awarded the badge of merit for exceptional diligence. Sergeant Williamson was advanced to the rank of staff sergeant, with a plain clothes allowance. He is a smart officer, having been on the force since 1894. He obtained his promotion to sergeant after less than three years' service.

Presentations to Mr. G. F. F. White. Mr. George F. F. White, magistrates' clerk, whose marriage to Miss Bowden will take place on Wednes- day, July 6th, was the recipient of a present from the borough justices on Monday morning. The magis- trates met in their private room at the Police Court at half-past nine, and his Worship the Mayor presented Mr. White with a solid silver tea and coffee service, which is a beautiful specimen of the early Georgian period with richly chased edges and plain fluted body. Each piece bears the following inscription :—" Pre- sented by the Magistrates of the County Borough of Warrington to Mr. G. F. F. White, their clerk, on the occasion of his marriage, July 6th, 1904." The articles were supplied by Messrs. Eustance and Com- pany, goldsmiths, &c., Sankey-street. The Mayor spoke in high terms of Mr. White's services as clerk, and wished him "long life and happiness." Compli- mentary speeches were also made by Messrs. F. Monks, John Fairclough, J. Rymer Young, and Alder- man Hutchinson. Mr. White suitably replied. The Deputy Town Clerk (Mr. Stanley Wilson) was among those present.—Yesterday Mr, White received another present at the hands of the journalists of Warring- ton. The presentation was made in the Press room at the Police Court, Mr. J. Lawton, as the senior journalist, handing to Mr. White a handsome portable writing-table clock, suit- ably inscribed. He referred to the courtesy which Mr. White has invariably extended to the representa- tives of the Press, and expressed the hope that he would have a long and happy married life. Mr. H. Isherwood added a few words, and Mr. White briefly acknowledged the gift.—The clock was supplied by Messrs. Eustance and Company.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
Personal.

_ Major R. N. Pochin retired from the regular army on Saturday, and took up a commission in the old 2nd Royal Lancashire Militia at Warrington. lie joined the East Surrey Regiment in February, 1885, and from 1899 to a few months ago was adjutant of the Volunteers at Kingston-on-Thames. The promotion of Lieutenant Tom M. Broadbent of the 3rd Cheshire Regiment to a captaincy is announced in the" Gazette." 'The regiment is at present in camp at Conway. The Rev. R. H. Bowen, one of the assistant clergy at St. Paul's Church, Bewsey-road, preached his first sermon there on Sunday evening. Mr. A. J. Jolley, one of the newly-appointed magis- trates, was sworn in at the Borough Court on Monday morning.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-63. SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. Sir Gilbert Greenall's Hunters.

At a sale of hunters at Tattersall's in London, on Monday, several hunters sent up by Sir Gilbert Greenall commanded high prices, Lucky Jim, a bay gelding which has carried Lady Greenall being run up to 400 guineas. Another Forge Accident. Thomas Bennett, (44), 9, Chapel-lane Stockton Heath, met with an accident whilst following his employment at Dallam Forge on Monday morning. He was conveyed to the Infirmary where one of his legs had to be amputated. Borough Accountant of Leigh. The General Purposes Committee of the Leigh Town Council recommends the appointment of Mr. A. Duncan, of Wolverhampton, to be borough accountant in succession to Mr. W. E. Houghton, who is going to Southwark. The salary is £2OO a year, rising by annual increments of £25 to £3OO.

An Age of Subordination. Dr. Goodrich, the chairman of the Congregational Union, was in a pessimistic mood on Thursday. Addressing a gathering of the Lancashire Independent College to celebrate the sixty-first sessionary anniver- sary of the institution, he likened the present century to an age of base subordination, declaring that "we have subordinated the child's education to the priest- hood, the China.rnan to the interests of the million- aire, and we are subordinating the people's morals to the brewer." He also expressed the opinion that secularism had to some extent invaded and depraved the churches, making them into "very ordinary insti- tutions with a financial committee."

UNDER the CLOCK for GOOD BOOTS.—Advt. A Compensation Claim Settled. Before his HonourJudge:Bowen Rowlands K.C.at the Warrington County Court on Thursday, Sarah Aishen, widow, residing at 51, Orford-lane, Warrington, I claimed under the Workmen's Compensation Act for the loss of her son, Frank Aishen, 15 years of agil, ' who was killed on March 15th whilst working on the premises of the Frodingliam Iron and Steel Company, at Frodingham, being then in the employ of the Pear- son and Knowles-Coal and Iron Co.—Mr. Cuthbert Smith, barrister (instructed by Mr. T. S. Steel) appeared : for the applicant and Mr. Ashmead Elliott, barrister, Manchester (instructed by Messrs. Payne, Galloway and Payne, Manchester), for the respondents.—Mr. Smith said the parties had agreed to save his Honour the trouble of hearing the case. Mr. Elliott had . acted with that generosity which always distinguished . him in matters of that kind. They had agreed to an . award for the applicant for £7O, and costs on the usual scale.—His Honour entered the award as agreed upon. Hairdressers and the Walking Day Holidays. At a meeting of ithe Warrington Hairdressers' Society held on Monday the 20th inst. the President Mr. A. Lamb presiding, the question of Hairdressers having a Aoliday on the Saturday after Walking Day, came up for discussion. It was pointed out that there was a general exodus from town on that day, very many taking advantage of the annual excursions from the works to have a day at the seaside. This caused the Hairdressers to have a tedious day,of keeping their saloons open with no work to do after the early part , of the day, as most of the men requiring shaving who remained in town attended early, not being engaged at their usual occupations on that day. It was also noted that several of the members of the Society took advantage of the quiet state of trade following after Walking Day and closed their shops for a consecutive , holiday of two or three days; and a holiday on the later part of Saturday would give them an oppor- tunity of getting away a little earlier. Ultimately it was resolved that the shops be closed on the Saturday- after Walking Day at 2 pm., and the hope was ex- pressed that customers would assist them to carry out the resolution by attending as early as possible on that day. To PHONOGRAPH USERS. If you want any title of Edison's gold mould records, send or call at rhe Phono Exchange, 46 Westfield-street, St. Helens (opposite Beechams), and you'll get it. We have a large selection of Columbia Discs (new) to clear at each this week. All orders by post promptly attended to. Send for lists. Special in this week. "Boys of the Old Brigade" march. Machines and records exchanged.—Advt. 1 Special Service for "Old Blues." On Sunday evening the annual special service for "Old Blues "was held in the Chapel at the Blue Coat School and was largely attended by former pupils and their friends, many of the former having travelled a considerable distance in order to renew old associa- tions. The institution was thrown open for their inspection, and it was a great pleasure to many of them to have the opportunity of re-visiting the school which previously for some years had been their home Mr. and Mrs. Rose extended a hearty welcome to all. Among those present were Alderman Satton,Councillor W. J. Forshaw (president of the Blue Coat 13rotheily Society),_ Mr. F. Short (secretary), Mr. J. Moss (treas- urer), Mr. W. H. Harding, of lace, Mr. A. Gleave, of Lancaster, Mr. R. Hughes, of Damen. The service was, as usual, conducted by the children throughout, the music being :—Hymns "Heavenly Father, send Thy blessing" ; "Christ, Who once amongst us," ; anthem, "Behold how good and joyful" ; hymns, "The day is past and over " : "Lord dismiss us with (Thy blessing." Account Books Missing. At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour Judge B wen Rowlands, K.C., the case was again brought forward of Hull Bros, assignees of C. J. Dibb official• receiver, in the bank- ruptcy of P. W. Hallwood against William Keenan, of Hood-lane, Great Sankey.—Mr. Jones, solicitor, of Messrs. Leak and Pratt, Manchester, appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. A. Browne defended.— Mr. Jones now applied that the case he adjourned sine die. He pointed out that the matter was ad- journed at the previous court in order to enable him to find some account books which were missing. A search had been made but without result.—Mr. Browne said he must ask his Honour to dismiss the action with costs. The plaintiff had not an atom of evidence to produce in support of the claim. —Mr. Jones said his Honour would remember that defendant's daughter signed an agreement for the payment of a certain sum per week. If it had not been for that the plaintiffs would not have spent £6 or £7 on the case.—Mr. Browne observed that the case had been before his Honour on five distinct occa- sions, and each time it had been adjourned at the request of the plaintiffs.—His Honour said he would , non-suit the plaintiffs, with leave to bring a fresh I action. He would not allow costs. FOR GENTS' SMART AND RELIABLE BOOTS AND SHOES (tan and black) see BOOTH AND ,SON'S Wankeezi Healtherie and Globe Registered makes Buttermahet street.—Advt. Addition to Queen's Gardens. There was a pleasing little ceremony on Thursday afternoon, when the Mayoress (Mrs. Bolton) formally opened the new extension to Queen's Gardens. The land, which has been very neatly laid out under the supervision of Mr. Parker, the head gardener, adjoins Springfield-street, and is entered from that thorough- fare. The gardens are now two acres in extent, and the latest addition will no doubt be appreciated by the townspeople. There was a good attend- ance of members of the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee to witness the opening ceremony. Alderman Smethurst, the vice-chairman made a brief speech and handed to the Mayoress a silver key bear- ing the following inscription: "Presented to William Bolton/Esq., J.P., Mayor, by the members of the Town Hall, Parks, and Baths Committee on opening the addition to the Queen's Gardens, War- rington; June 23rd, 1904." The Mayoress having opened the park- gate, said she had very great pleasure in declaring the grounds open— The Mayor thanked tho members for their gift and alluding to the new grounds, said he thought the trees and shrubs would compare favourably with those in any other portion of the town. Considering the gardens were in the midst of buildings, he thought it 'was a very suitable place to have an open space.— The committee then inspected the grounds, and at the invitation of the Mayor afterwards adjourned to the Town Hall where light refreshments were served.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 25, 1904

The King's Birthday. In honour of the King's birthday the flag was hoisted at the Town Hallyesterday.

Bicycle Theft. At Manchester on Thursday, James Wallace Jones (20), Ashton-in-Makerfield, was fined £5 for stealing a bicycle at Urmston. Defendant, who hired the bicycle for a week, sold it to a Warrington broker.

New County Schools. The Lancashire Education A.utliority has decided to build two public elementary schools—each to accommodate 1,000 scholars—at Droylsden. The transfer of the Wesleyan Scho)l, Brierfield, near Burn- ley, has been accepted.

Sir John Brunner and the Licensing Bill. Sir John Brunner, M.P., replying to a Winsford resolution of protest against the Licensing Bill, said he agreed with it all except one clause, which stated that the measure was framed in the interests of brewers and publicans. This he strongly dissented from. The measure was certainly not in the interests of publicans._ _ _

Golden Wedding in Cheshire On Thursday, at Crowton, near NoTthwich, Mr. and Mrs. Whalley, of Liverpool, formerly of Forest Farm, Norley, celebrated their golden wedding at Crowton Hall, the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Paul M‘Gregor, their son-in-law and daught r. It was an interesting function, and there WAS a goad gathering of relatives, including 14 grandchildren. The old couple received many congratulations and a nu -nber of g )Id3n wedding mementoes.

Liverpool Cathedral. The foundation-stone of Liverpool Cathedral, which is to be laid by the King, will weigh five and a half tons and measure 7ft. 10in, in length, 4ft. Gin' in width, and 2ft. 3in. in height. The members of the mothers' meetings in the diocese have paid for it. The cathedral fund now amounts to z£190,000, in addition to a number of special gifts, including the Lathom chapter-house, the reredos and the great east window Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Slate Club. The annual meeting of this club was held on Satur- day, Mr. Isaac Chadwick presiding. The annual repolt was submitted by Mr. R. Suiflow, the secretary, who stated that the dividend was 16s. id. for each member. The following officers were elected: President, Mr. Isaac Chadwick; secretary, Mr. R. Sudlow ; treasurer, Mr. W. Webb.

prizes Distributed. At the Junior Conservative Club on Thursday evening the prizes gained in the recent billiard handicap were distributed by Mr. E. Draper. The following were the winners :-1, P. Rigby, clock; 2, J. Hall, gladstone bag; 3, F. Dale, billiard cue; 4, T. Smith, pair of ornaments; 5, G-. Blomby, electro- plated teapot: 6, W. Taylor, pair of ornaments; 7, J. Parry, flower stand; 8, J. H. Roberts, electro- plated sugar basin.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
Express _Service_ to the South Coast.

Those of our readers who are considering where to spend the summer holidays„ will be interested to learn that the London and North-Western and London Brighton and South Coast Railway Companies have arranged for a special service to Brighton, East- bourne, and other south coast stations, commencing on July Ist. Leaving Warrington at 10.20 a.m., Brighton is reached at 5.5 p.m. There will be con- nections to and from Portsmouth, Isle of Wight Newhaven, Hastings, &c. Funeral of the Late Mrs. Proud.

The funeral of the late Mrs. Robert Proud took place in St. Paul's churchyard on Monday afternoon, the last rites being performed by the Rev. W. Brace camp. Amongst those present at the'graveside were: —Mr. Robert Proud (husband), Messrs. W. A.. Proud, T. Proud, and F. Proud (sons), Mrs. Cuppage, Mr. C. Bunch(son-in-law), Mr. Brooks, Mrs. Madelev, and the Rev. J. H. G-. Hollingworth, vicar of St. barnabas' Church.

See BOOTFI AND SON'S Latest Designs in Children's Boots and Shoes for Walking Day. Also the White Heather and Portland Boots and Shoes for Ladies' Wear. Battermarket street.—Advt. The Proposed Memorial to the South Lanca-

shires.

A meeting of the Workingmen's Committee in con- nection with the memorial to the South Lancashire Regiment was held in the Town Hall on Thursday evening. Mr. Davies preided.—lt was reported that the sum of £7l 2s. had been 'deposited in the bank to the credit of the committee.—Mr. Rope, (hon. treasurer) stated that he had since received a fifth instalment from Messrs. Monks, Hall and Co., and a first instalment from the Warrington Wire Rope Works Co.—The Chairman said the Mayor had addressed a circular letter to the gentlemen of the town and neighbourhood who had not subscribed to the fund. The committee did not intend to let the matter drop until every method of raising sub- scriptions to this very desirable object had been ex- hausted. Mr. C. J. Newton (hon. secretary) read a letter from the St. Helens Cable Works stating that the workmen declined to subscribe as trade was so bad and wages so low, that it was with difficulty they maintained their families. Reference was made to I the stirring poem written by Alderman Bennett, which appeared in the : Examiner "last week, appealing on I behalf of the memorial fund. It was decided to have I 1,000 reprints for circulation at the works.—Reports were represented by the delegates from Longford gas works and the tramway men as to the starting of sub- 'scription lists.—The Chairman said he believed an effort would be made amongst the clerks and shop assistants of the town to raise funds for the memorial It was decided to• ask the Warrington Football Club, the Police Athletic Club and the Cycling Club to lend practical assistance to the Memorial fund.

Claim for Dilapidations. His Honour Judge Bowen Rowlands, K.C. was en- gaged for several hours on Thursday afternoon at the Warrington County Court, in hearing a claim which bad been made by John Eden of Penketh, against James Pownall,formerly of. Fleathside Farm, Peaketh, but now of Lleweni' Flintshire. The claim amounted to £l3 13s. 10d, made up as follows damages to hedges and £l5 6s. 10d,dilapidations to house and buildings, less £3 135., credited to the defendant on contra accouut.—Mr. E. A. White, solicitor, repre- sented the plaintiff and Mr. Madden (instructed by Messrs. W. D. Jeans and Son) appeared for the defendant.—ln stating the case for the plaintiff, Mr. White pointed out that the defendant was formerly a tenant at Heathside farm under the plaintiff. From March 1893 to February 1902,the panties were on good terms, and the plaintiff on many occasions helped the defendant on the farm and also made him an allowance of cash for repairs. In February 1902, plaintiff gave notice to quit but with- drew it at the request of the defendant. It was arranged that half an acre of land should be given up for building purposes on the following February. When February arrived, the defendant gave notice of his intention to give up the tenancy, and the plaintiff promised to make an allowance in respect of the building lands if the defendant left the premises in proper order. Under the tenancy agreement the defendant was bound to keep the premises &c. in good condition and repair. When the defendant left, it was found necessary to spend considerable sums on repairs and it was also found that he had damaged the hedges by nightsoil. To recover the loss, the present proceedings were instituted.—Mr. Madden cross- examined the plaintiff at great length and proceeded to argue that on the authority of cases he quoted, the defendant was not bound to leave the premises in other than tenantable order, and that he had left them in such order and condition. Mr. White contende d that the chief case quoted by Mr. Madden did not apply, as in that case the covenant was to leave the property in good and tenantable condition, but in this case the covenant was to leave it in good condition. —His Honour upheld Mr. White's view on the ques- tion of law, but considered that the plaintiff had made out his claim on too lavish a scale. He allowed 30s. on the claim for damage w to hedges and £9 2s. for dilapidations with costs. On the counter claim he allowed the defendant £4l3s.—Mr. White applied for a special order for an extra allowance for the plain- tiff's solicitor, and this was allowed.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD' S 1/- TINS ASSORTED BISCUITS.

CONTAINING 12 KINDS:

OVAL RICH TEA POLO KIEL FINGERS ALEXANDRA HANOVER RAGLAN THIN ARROWROOT • CREAM CRACKERS MEXICAN MILK OATKI* WAFERS CHEESE WAFERS

===== 0002601_19040625_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
Local Bills in Parliament.

In the House of Commons on Monday, the Manches- ter Ship Canal Bill and the Trafford Park Bill were ordered for the second reading.

PUBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER the CLOCK for BEST BOOTS in LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Local Freemasonry. At a meeting of the Management Committee of the West Lancashire Alpass Masonic Benevolent Institu- tion, Liverpool, to receive a sub-committee's report on the 1901 festival, it was resolved to hold the festival on September 21st at Southport, and to invite W. Bro. Roger Parr, (Warrington) to preside.

Am for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS NEMERAL WATERS.—Advt. Militia Leave for Altar. On Monday afternoon a contingent of 445 men attached to the 3rd Battalion of the King's Liverpool Regiment, in addition to fourteen officers, one warrant officer, fifteen staff sergeants and sergeants, left War- rington for a month's training at Altcar. They were under the command of Colonel E. C. Weston, the adjutant being Major Stevenson.

LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS and SHOES, UNDER the CLOCK, Barn GE-STREET.—AdI!t. Sudden Death of Mr. Charles Powell.

The death occurred with painful suddenness, on Sunday, of Mr. Charles Powell, 91, Bewsey-street, clerk in the office of Messrs. W. and J. Richardson, coal merchants, Marson-street. On Sunday night Mr. Powell returned from a short walk and was retiring to bed when he was taken suddenly ill. Although Dr. Adams was immediately called in, Mr. Powell died a few minutes afterwards. It is believed that the cause of death was heart failure. FIRE GRATES of every description.—J. S. GAR- LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street,Warringion.— -Advt. Baby In a Hand Bag. An inquest was held at Warrington on Saturday touching the recovery of the body of a male child from the Bridgewater Canal.—P.C. Hardy stated that he found a hand bag in the canal, and on opening it discovered that it contained the body of a baby. Dr. Smith said that from the appearance of the internal organs,•he was of the opinion that the child was still- born.—The jury returned a verdict to that effect. Musical Successes. At the recent examination held at Liverpool, June 13th and 14th, in connection with the Victoria College of Music, London, the following pupils of Miss Annie Hill, A.V.C.U., London, 6, Napier-street, passed very successfully. Names and grades as follows :—Senior Intermediate Junior Primary: Mary Mills, Catherine- street, honours; Mary Ann Hewitt, Hewitt-street, passed; Catherine Rowland, Sharp-street, honours; Eveline Butterworth, Mersey Hotel, honours ; Edith Rigby, Ellesmere-street, honours.

ASK for CENNVGIIAM'S HIGR-CLASS MINERA WATERS.—Advt. After Conviviality. The services of an interpreter were requisitioned at the Warrington Occasional Court on Tuesday, when Mr. F. A. Frost heard a case in which Joseph Pooijuns, a Russian Pole, employed as a collier at Haydock,was charged with unlawfully wounding Anthonius Szit- kanckas, another Russian Pole, on Friday, at Haydock. —Complainant visited the prisoner's house for con- viviality, and he alleges that as he was coming out, prisoner struck him on the head with a poker.— Prisoner, who denied the assault, was remanded on bail.

Music in the Park. To-morrow at 3.15 p.m. the Legh-street Prize Band will occupy the stand, and will render the following programme, Mr. Fred Podmore conducting :—" Lead, kindly light," hymn (Burday) ; "Warrington march" (composed and arranged by the conductor) • Kyrie " and "Gloria," selections from Mozart's 12th Mass; " Largo" (Elandel's celebrated concert piece) ; "Sing Jehovah's praises," anthem (Frost) ; " Evening shadows," hymn (F. Podmore) ; " Erasmus," march (Allan) ; "God save the King."

BaCE BOOTS FOR ALL.—UNDER THE CLOCK.--IdVt Drowning Case. Coroner Brighouse held the inquest at the Police Station on Saturday on the body of Alice Jane Albin- son, aged 35, who resided at 79, Church-street.— Sarah Whittle, with whom the deceased lodged, said that at 6-30 on Sunday morning dece.ased got up and left the house without saying anything. As she was not heard of during the day the police were informed. Deceased had been in a very low state of mind for some time, and had threatened suicide, but witness always thought she was joking.—P.C. Turner deposed to recovering the body of deceased from the Bridge- water Canal on Thursday.—A verdict of ".Found drowned" was returned.

FOR CLASS AND CHINA. of every description try J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and

ii, Bridge-street. Warringt-on.—Advt:

===== 0002601_19040625_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
Music Licences for the Holidays.

A number of local licensees made application at the Borough Police Court on Monday for music licences to be available during the fourteen days commencing on Monday next. The Chief Constable pointed out that at the annual brewster sessions the music licences of a large number of houses were refused, and the applicants were told that the Bench had power at any time they thought fit to grant a fourteen days' music licence for special occasions. He had no ob- jection to the present applications.—The magistrates granted licences for fourteen days to the following : Thomas;Walsh,Crown and Sceptre,Buttermarket-street; Thomas Cooper, Blue Bell, Horsemarket-street ; Robert Perdue, Higher Angel, Buttermarket-street ; Elizabeth Plinston,King's Arms, Buttermarket-street ; Ann Anderton,Cross Keys,Buttermarket-street ;George Lang, Rose and Crown, Bridge-street ; John C. Rigby Queen's hotel, Sankey-street.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING or TONICS.-63, SANKEY-STREET, Warringtoll.—Advt. The Forge Fatality. - - -

An inquest was field at the Police Station on Saturday, concerning the death of Mark Dolan, aged 49, a coal heaver employed by Messrs. Pearson and Knowles, and lodging at 120, Winwick-road. Mr. Henry Greenall was present on behalf of the tirm,and Mr. A. Lewis, H.M. Inspector of Factories, watched the proceedings.--The evidence of Peter Kelly, coal heaver, with whom the deceased lodged, showed that deceased was employed at Bewsey works. At ten o'clock on the previous Thursday morning Kelly saw him in the act of " barring " a waggon of slack, so that he could get it opposite a certain furnace. About 10.30 Kelly went round the waggon and found deceased had been crushed between the waggon and the end of the casing of the boiler. Dr. Adams was called in, but life was extinct. Witness was of the opinion that deceased went round the waggon, which was on a slight incline, to apply the brake, and was crushed.—The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death."—The foreman (Mr. Whittle) remarked that some of the jury seemed to think there was not sufficient space for deceased to pass round the waggon, but he (Mr. Whittle) did not see how that was to be remedied.—The Inspector said it would mean the re-arrangement of the whole of that part of the forge. A suggestion which he thought the manager would agree with, was that where possible the levers of the brakes should be lengthened.

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS in latest art I shades.—J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Funeral of an Army Veteran., The funeral took place at the Warrington Cemetery on Tuesday of Mr. John Wilson Alexander, a member of the Liverpool Corps of Commissionairs. Deceased who was sixty years of age, was formerly colour- sergeant in the Bth Battalion King's Liverpool Regi- ment,and for eleven years acted as sergeant-instructor to the 4th Volunteer Battalion King's Liverpool Regi- ment, at Bootle. He served with the colours abroad for a considerable period and was the possessor of the long service and good conduct medals. The funeral was attended by Mrs. Alexander (widow), Mr. Philip James Smith Morley (nephew), and Mr. Walter Brearley Batley (nephew),and Colour-Sergeant and Mrs. Waddington. There were representatives of the Liverpool Corps of Commissionaires, to which deceased belonged, consisting of Sergt.-Major Davies, and Sergeants Sanderson, McCaffrey, Higginson, and Greasley. The 4th V.B. King's (Liverpool Regiment) were represented by Sergeant-Instructor Needham, Colour-SergeantWaddington,Armour-Sergeant Wilkin- son, and Mr. Davenport,late sergeant. Amongst those present from Orford Barracks, Warrington, were Mr. A. Day, (late sergeant-major King's Liverpool Regi- ment), Bandmaster Wainwright (King's Liverpool Regiment), Mr. H. Chamberlain (late quarter-master Bth Regimental District), Sergeant Wilson (King's), Mr. Lake (late orderly-room-sergeant 3rd South Lancashire Regiment), and Mr. A.. Hardy (late quartermaster South Lancashire Regiment).

===== 0002601_19040625_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

SOCIAL SERMONETTES FOR WORKING MEN.

BY JOHN TAYLOR. Author of " Search Lights 03 Land, Labour • and Social Problems." AN EXPERIMENT IN TAXATION.

"There is a certain level which I think might be well observed in every civilised community as a cardinal principle of ifinance, that those who have to maintain their households should be as free as possible from any taxation whatever. That prin- ciple has been so followed out in the policy of this country as carried into law,that it is almost correct to say that there is no country in the world where those who have to struggle the hardest for sub- sistence are less opposed by the tax-gatherer than theyare here." Hon. G. H. Reid, Premier of New South Wales.

lam often asked for a few practical examples of what the taxation of land values has done to revolu- tionise any country, or to improve the lot of the masses of the t people. It is one thing to advocate this method of raising a nation's revenne,and to tell men what grand things it can ds in laying public burdens on the right men's shoulders, and in drawing our wealth from Nature's own storehouse, by a system of enlightened and beneficial taxation, but it is another thing to show us where these things have been tried, and what results they have produced, aud how the people regard such taxation when they have once given it a fair trial. The colony of New South Wales is a delightful example of what our blatant Imperialism, and our dis- honest systems of taxation can do to ruin a new country, and to blast its reputation for ever, and to prove our unfitness to rule the world.

1.-WE BEGAN TO BUILD THAT COLONY WITH BAD MATERIALS.

For many centuries our forefathers had a perfect mania for discovering and appropriating other countries in the ends of the earth, and neglecting their own fields and gardens at home. They sent Captain James Cook on a voyage round the world to pick up any stray con- tinents, or derelict islands he could find, and claim them as our own private property. In 1770. he explored the coasts and harbours of New South Wales, and he promptly hoisted the British flag as a sign of ownership. It is true there were thousands of natives who owned it, and occupied it long before Captain Cook discovered it, but they were only niggers to be shot down and exterminated whenever they became trouble- some. _

We had no particular need of this new country, and it was a white elephant on our hands, for we could not persuade Englishmen to go and live there. At last some genius conceived the idea of making it a penal settle- ment, and a dumping ground for our thieves and murderers that we did not send to the gallows. In the year 1788, we sent out from England his Majesty's ship " Sirius, " and nine other vessels to Botany Bay, with a cargo of 750 convicts. That place was found unsuit- able, so the commander of the expedition dropped anchor in the harbour of Sydney, and dumped down his "undesirables " there. These poor wretches had been sentenced to penal servitude for life, or for a long term of years, and we were manu- facturing criminals so fast in England that we were at our wits' end to find room for them, so we hit upon the brilliant idea of sending them to develop a new country In Australia. These thieves, and murderers, were the real founders of the colony. They felled the trees, and cleared the forests, and ploughed the fields, and made the roads, and built the houses, and turned the wilder- ness into a fruitful field while British troops kept them at work at the point of the bayonet, and shot them down if they tried to run away. If Imperialism means empire-building by violence, and robbery, and murder, lam not having any. The empire that is built by wars of aggression, and cemented with blood cannot last long. And I am dead against the building of any colony with such cheap and nasty , materials as convicts, and murderers, and thieves. If you corrupt the fountain of a nation's life you will utterly ruin the stream. If you build a State on rotten foundations and with "undesirable" materials, you must expect that fabric to totter to its fall. And yet we permit every new colony to be flooded with wastrels, and scoundrels, who are no credit to anybody, and we pay these criminals to fight our battles, and loot and plunder our enemies, and commit nameless atrocities for us. But there came a time in the history of New South Wales when men of character were wanted, and it was no easy matter to tempt them to settle there. Where is the honest, intelligent farmer who would take his wife and daughters to a colony of criminals, and reprobates and ask them to live among the scrum and froth of our volatile race? The colony had an evil reputation, and character counts for something among nations, as well as individuals. So the settlers we wanted had to be bribed, and tempted by all kinds of grants,and induce- ments or they would never come at all. The leavening of that mass of corruption cost us a pretty penny from first to last. We had to give them free grants of land for theirgarras and sheep ranches.We had to offer them free passages from Europe to the colony, and guarantee them an abundance of rcheap la- bour. The convicts were" apprenticed "to the farmer. I like that word. It sounds so much nicer than the word slaves. Each farmer took one or more of these criminals, and gave him his food and clothing and in return he took out of the wretch'all the labour he eould get. lI.—WE PERMITTED•THE CLASSES TO OPPRESS

===== 0002601_19040625_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
TEIE MASSES.

It needs no gift of prophecy to foretell what was sure to happen under these circumstances. The con- victs and their children were practically doomed to servitude for ever. They had to spend their days in grind- ing slavery, while their employers obtained free grants of land, and became rich by slavelabour. These employ- ers became town councillors, and members of Parlia- ment. and they made some nice laws for their own benefit. Th ‘y relieved the land of rates and taxes, as etrr Tory Government in England has done, and they levied duties, sent up the price qf food and clothing, and vastly increased the cost of living. These Colonial landowners became Fair Traders, and Protectionists to a man, because the system enriched them by impro verish- ing everybody else. One result of this misgovernment was the locking up of the land in a few hands, and the creation of a great artificial land hunger. In 1895, more than half of all the land in New South Wales was owed by six hundred and forty-two individuals,while nine hundred thousand people had not land enough in which to dig their graves. Another result of this misgovernment was the banish- ment of the settlers, who could not obtain the land they required. Let me rub in the moral of the official re- turns. We have been responsible for the government of New South Wales for 114 years. Its area is 310,700 square miles, and its population only 1,357,050 souls. It is six times as large as England, and there are not half as many people in it as there are in the West Riding of Yorkshire. It is one-third larger than either France or Germany,and it has little more than half the popula- tion of the city of Paris. Its revenue is £9,572,912 a year, and its debt last year was £63,762,066. So it costs every year £7 per head for every man, woman and child in the country to run the show, and if the debt were fairly divided among them,everybody would owe £47. I commend these figures to those howling idiots who are trying to cram their Imperialism down our throats, and who are everlastingly telling us that we are the born rulers of the world. We have been ruling New South Wales for one hundred and fourteen years, and if our statesmen can produce no better results than these they are not fit to be trusted with the management of a rag and bone shop. Things came to a crisis about ten years ago. The whole colony was on the verge of bankruptcy. The land was in the clutches of the money-lender, and the land-grabber, and it paid little or nothing to the revenue. Frantic efforts were made to induce emigrants to settle there, but it was like pouring water into a sieve,and the able-bodied workers left the country faster than they came, so the population was steadily falling, and the colony was drifting to ruin. lII.—TAXATION OF LAND VALUES WAS NOT TRIED TILL ALL OTHER METHODS HAD FAILED Even the landowners and the law-makers themselves were at their wits' end. Land was fast going out of cultivation, and being given over to the rats and the rabbits. The revenue was steadily declining, and the debt was accumulatingat analarming rate. The skilled workman who had been tempted to the colony by high wages, and then bled unmercifully by indirect taxation, took to themselves wings, and flew away. Something must be done to prevent the colony from bleeding to death, so in 1892, a resolution was adopted by the Parliament of New South %Vales in favour of a land tax, that would reach every land-owner, and make him pay for his land whether it was in use or not. This resolution led to a hot and angry controversy that lasted for two or three years, but the land-owners got the worst of it. In 1895 an Act was passed abolishing taxation on personal property and improvements, and taxing the value of all land for colonial purposes, at one penny in the pound. And it is significant of the popular feeling in the colony against the moneylender, that the same Act imposes a stiff income tax on mortgages, and imposes a heavy burden on those financial parasites who suck the life out of the land and give it nothing in return. Of course there was a great outcry among the land- owners in the colony. They said it was robbery and confiscation, and thieving, and it would bring the colony to ruin. The ploughshares would be rusty. The barns would be empty. They predicted that the land tax would make land dearer and that the landowner would simply increase the farmer's rent, and thus indirectly drive the settlers from the soil. We have heard all these yarns before, and we know there is not a word of truth in them. Every one of these prophecies has been falsified by the results. Let us see Iwhat effect this new land tax had on the big absentee land-owner, who held 100,000 acres of land, and spent his rents in London or Paris, or at Monte Carlo. If I his land we worth only £5O an acre he would have to pay five million pennies a year in

taxation, whether his land happened to be in use or not. If that man had to pay £20,000 a year for the fun of keeping land that he could not put to any profitable use, what do you think he would do with the land? He would sell it, or it would mighty soon eat its head off. And sell it he did. Many large estates of 100,000 or more came into the market, and were eagerly bought up in small farms for cultivation. In one instance there were 150 applicants for seven parcels of land. Within nine months from the passing of the Act 2,516 families were placed on the soil, and were living on their own little freeholds. Within two years the area of land under cultivation had been in- creased by no less than 311,500 acres. Now an Act of Parliament that can }vork such social miracles as these, in so short a time, must not be despised. _ _ _

If we had access to our own soil, and could turn out our own unemployed to scratch their living out of the soil when all other trades failed them, we should work a mighty revolution in this country, and we should settle most of the burning social questions that are troubling us to-day. If all the land that is now sacred to deer and partridges and hares and rabbits were used to feed and shelter men and women, we should hear less about slums and overcrowding and the housing problem. If every good ground maintained its man, we should have fewer com- plaints of hunger, and nakedness, and want of employ- ment. Let us see what the taxation of land values did for New South Wales. It sensibly reduced the cost of living, by abolishing many of the taxes on food and clothing, and laying these burdens on tie land. It broke up the large estates, and caused them to be offered in small lots to suit cultivators, because these were the ,men most eager to buy. There was a big demand for the good farming land that was thrown upon the market by non-using holders, who had held it up for specula- tion. On account of the rush for allotments it was necessary to ballot off among the applicants the various sections thrown open, and in every case the demand exceeded the supply. The new law has opened up virgin forests, and mines, and unoccupied land everywhere, and found plenty of work for lumber men, miners, quarrymen, builders, and farmers. The "Sydney Telegraph" makes fun of the predictions of ruin that were made before the law was passed, and it asks: "Where are the rusting plough- shares, and the empty barns that were to bear witness to the effect of making large owners of land share more equitably in the burden of taxation? None of these things have appeared as yet. The effect has been exactly the opposite of what the objectors prophesied." * *

And Mr. Reid, in speaking to the effect of the taxa- tion of land values in the colony, said: small as it is, it has done two great things—it has secured to this country for all time a good sound principle of taxation, and it has killed the trade of the land-grabber."

===== 0002601_19040625_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
FESTIVITIES AT APPLETON HALL.

Lord and Lady Acton Welcomed.

The prettily situated and well wooded grounds ad- joining Appleton Hall were the scene of great rejoicings on Thursday and again yesterday when Lo rd and Lady Acton were welcomed on their first visit since their marriage to the ancestral home of the bride. By the tenantry on the estate Lady Acton is held in great esteem, and various useful organizations in the neighbourhood have found in her a warm friend. The re- ception accorded to Lord and Lady Acton on their arrival from London on Thursday afternoon was marked by the utmost cordiality,and the occasion will be remembered as a red letter day. The weather was ideal, the sun shining radiant' y,wh ilst a pleasant breeze tempered the heat. Over 500 invitations hadibeen issued;to tenants and employees, members of Mrs. Lyon's mothers' meeting, members of the Girls' Friendly Society of Appleton and Stockton Heath, members of the Appleton Habitation of the Primrose League, and members of the Stretton Mutual Improvement Society. At three o'clock the extensive grounds were thrown open, and it was indeed pleasant to while away the time in such surroundings. At the entrance to the drive, an arch,decked with ivy, had been erected, and the sentiments of the people found expression in nicely worked devices with such words as "Long life to the bride and bridegroom." Lines of bright streamers spanned the drive, and the hall itself was tastefully decorated, the word Welcome" appearing over the doorway. In the grounds there were various means of amusement. The Warrington Borough Band, under the conductorship of Mr. T. Griffin, discoursed sweet music, and many of the visitors tried their skill at the shooting saloons, and had a merry time in the swill,*b boats. At about a quarter to five ahearty cheer heralded the arrival of Lord and Lady Acton. They had driven from the station in an open carriage, and when the lodge gates were reached, the horses were dispensed with, ropes were in readiness, and a contingent of young men—mem- bers of the Mutual Improvement Society—pulled the, vehicle along the drive to the hall. The band struck up "See the conquering hero comes" and there was more cheering, Lord and Lady Acton bowing their acknowledgments. Lord and Lady Acton and the whole of the guests then adjourned to a marquee where tea was served by the Warrington Cafe Company. The house party entertained by Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Lyon, consisted of Colonel the Hon. B. Herbert, Hon. Miss Annie Dalberg Acton, Miss Langford Brooke, and Mr. Harold Thorpe. Others present were :—The Rev. the Hon. C. F. Cross, Mr. and Mrs. Usher, Mr. Colin Mac Iver, the Rev. F. and Mrs. Evans, Mr. and Mrs. Whitley. Lady Acton was prettily dressed in embroided cloth, with white hat trimmed with roses and boa. After tea, short speeches of welcome were de- livered by the Rev. the Hon C. P. Cross and Mr. T. Hall. A number of presentations were then made to Lady Acton, who gracefully acknowledged the gifts. Mr. Joseph Pennington asked.the bride's acceptance of a gold bracelet set with diamonds from the Cheshire and Lancashire tenants. Mr. Matthy, the butler at the halls presented a turquoise and diamond ring on behalf of the indoor and old servants. Mr. James Parkinson pre- sented a pearl and sapphire pendant from the outdoor employees on the estate. Mr. Ditchfield presented a jewelled necklet on behalf of the Stretton and Appleton Habitation of the Primrose League. Miss Brockle- hurst handed Lady Acton a silver shoe horn, button hook, curling lamp and tongs, the gifts of the mothers' meetings. Mrs. Whitley presented a copy of George Eliot's works bound in white vellum from the Girls' Friendly Society (Stockton Heath, Appleton Thorn, Stretton and Whitley) ; and Mr. William Holland, on behalf of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Society (Stretton) presented a swan fountain pen. In thanking the members of the Primrose League Habitation for their present, Lady Acton expressed her regret at having to give up any active work in con- nection with the habitation. She wished she had been able to do more. Lord Acton, she might say, belonged to the other party. (Laughter.) She had had some very interesting political discussions with him, but so far neither had been able to convert the other. (Laughter.) She was as staunch a member of the league as ever, although she would not be able to do any more work.

In thanking the Mutual Improvement Society for the gift of a fountain pen, Lady Acton said the members could not have given her a more appropriate present. The wife of a diplomat had to write long letters, and she believed she would be allowed to help in copying dispatches if her handwriting was good enough. So the members of the Society would be helping the King's service through the pen.

Hearty chee'rs were given for Lord and Lady Acton, and in a brief speech of thanks, Lerd Acton alluded to the great happiness it had affordel him to come to Appleton and see the esteem in which Lady Acton was held by her old friends. Tt might be said of her that she was "a prophetess in her own country." (Applause.) During the evening the band played for dancing on the lawn, and a thoroughly enjoyable time was spent. Yesterday afternoon the school children of Stretton and Appleton were given a handsome treat in the grounds.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
LADY ACTON PRESENTED AT COURT.

Their Majesties held the fourth and last Court of the season at Buckingham Palace on Wednesday night, When Lady Acton was amongst those presented. Her Lady- ship was wearing her wedding dress, with silver lined chiffon train, trimmed with large white satin bows. Her ornaments were a diamond tiarra, and the Acton pearls, with pearl and diamond clasp on her neck, and diamond ornaments in her corsage.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

[Continued from Page 3.]

JUNIOR CONSERVATIVE CLUB AND ASSOCIATION COMMITTEE V. CLUB MEMBERS.—PIayed on the Junior Conservative Club green on Thursday evening. Scores:—

COMMITTEE.

CLUB MEMBERS.

T. Clayton -13 91 0 J. T. Boardman J. W. Kay H. Hayes J. Seed E. Draper 7l " Joseph Taylor ll A" T. Powney 9113 R. Littlewood lll Q W. Jolley T. J. Hulse 113 H. B. Houghton ll 1 C. Rogers - 41 H. J. Westbrook lll 3W. Leigh W. L. Williams G. Allen lO 1. n H Taylor llll, H. Booth

117 65 726 79 Majority for club members, 14 In doubles, and 9 in singles.

SUN'S RAYS TO MELT METALS.

Senor Himalaya, a i"o-it-uine-se--piise-s-t—ir-o-i-r; Lisbon and a professor of science in a college in Oporto and Coimbra, has,' states an American contemporary, arrived at• the St. Louis fair with a novel invention by means of which he promises to melt anything by the agency of the sun's rays. Space has been granted him where he will instal his mammoth machine, weighing 30 tons, and occupying 6,000 cubic feet of space. The maghine is a system of giant lenses, which concentrate the rays of the sun from a large area at a focal point.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
. _ ,

HEALTH AND STRENGTH.

Nature's best gifts are those that contribute towards health and strength. The active principle of the best remedial agents (sarsaparilla, burdock, gentian, lavendee saffron, dandelion, and quinine) Constitute Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the most reliable tonic, purely vegetable. Health has many handmaids, and all depend on strength of nerve and muscle. We exact too much from these in the daily competitivestruggle for success in life,and we have to suffer in consequence--indigestion weakness, nervousness, sleeplessness, liver disorders, chest affections, and numerous other complaints. Now all these are successfully combated with the sus- taining assistance of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the best remedy of the age. It is safe, sure, and permanent in its effect. If you find you are almost unable to fellow your daily vocation, immediately strengthen your constitution by taking a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. They make the weak strong, and give new heart and "go "to the weary toiler. They revive the spirits and strengthen the nerves. By giving tone to the whole constitution they ward off fevers and other ailments. No family should be without a bottle. An occasional dose, taken when a man has felt slightly out of sorts, has prevented many a long illness. We assert theaboveconfldentially. Man is much more subject to the influence of his surroundings than is generally supposed. The ill effects upon the general health of living in close, ill-ventilated, and badly-lit homes, offices, or work- shops are of course, well known to everyone who has studied hygiene; while the life-giving effects of sunlight and fresh air are equally well known. The same may be said of the results of the various climatic changes. The injurious effects of a prevailing east wind are evident to all observant persons; and the depressing influence of an approaching thunderstorm on some constitutions has also been observed by most people. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters may be termed an insurance policy against "catching cold," for it gives stamina and a healthy vitality to resist climatic changes and is a reliable safeguard against colds, chills and coughs, which frequently happen through the weakness of the constitution being unable to resist the effects of the changeableness of the weather. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters never disappoints when given a fair trial, and no medicine has had so many imitators,but thepurchaser has the remedy against such deceit in his own hands. Note particularly the name" Gwilym Evans" on the label, on the stamp, and on the bottle (a threefold precaution), without which none are genuine. Refuse all others then you will have the satisfaction of benefiting by the unrivalled virtnres of this great tonic. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each by chemists and patent medicine vendors, or will be sent direct by the proprietors, without any extra charge.to any address in the United Kingdom. Sole Proprietors :—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, bouth Wales.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

A HEARTLESS THEFT. What the Chief Constable described as a heart- less theft was investigated by the Warrington magistrates on Monday when Frederick Meadow- croft was charged with stealing a 10s. postal order, the property of Sarah Speakman, his married sister, of Banner's Court, Brick street.—The facts of the case, as stated by the Chief Constable, were that prose- outrix had been deserted by her husband. and on Sat- urday her sister, who resides in Runcorn, sent her a letter containing a 10s. postal order. Mrs. Speakman was not at home when the letter arrived, and prisoner opened it, abstracted the order and cashed itat Church-street post office. When prosecutrix taxed him with the offence, he gave her Bs. It was a very heart- less theft, for the prisoner practically lived upon the woman and anyone else who would keep him. He was I:kinking most of his time.—Prisoner was sentenced to three months' hard labour.

TWO MONTHS FOR A PROWLER—A PARTING THREAT. Richard Jones, who said he came from Bolton, was charged on remand at the Warrington Police Court en Saturday with loitering in Paul-street and Eustace- streot on Saturday, the 11th inst. with intent to commit a felony.—Superintendent Monahan stated that at 9.25 p.m. Ida Davies, aged 16, who lived at 6, Paul-street, saw the prisoner on the opposite side of the street, going from house to house, ringing bells, knocking at the doors and looking through the keyholes. Eventually he came to her house and rang the bell, and being frightened the girl went upstairs. She then heard a noise at the back door, and on going there saw the prisoner who said "Why didn't you open the floor? I rang the bell twice." The girl was too afraid to speak to the prisoner, and when her mother came in she told her of what had occurred. P.C. Sweeney arrested the prisoner in an entry near the house.— Prisoner said "it was a got-up case from beginning to end."—Superintendent Monaghan said the prisoner had been convicted,3s times. He was nothing but a travel- ling and prowling thief.—Prisoner was sentenced to two months' hard labour.—As he was being removed to the cells, he shouted to Superintendent Monaghan, "When I come out you'll be dead ! " The superintendent smilingly remarked "I'm not frightened."

===== 0002601_19040625_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

Minor Cases.

+

\

SATURDAY.—Before Mr. Hayward (in the chair),Alder- man Hutchinson, Councillor Tinnion, and Mr. R. T. Fa i rclough. Two MONTHS FOR WINDOW-SMXSHING.—John Travis was charged with havinr, been drunk and disorderly in Winwick-street, on Friday night, and with breaking two panes of glass at the "Lord Rodney," doing damage to the amount of .£4 IN.—William Moss, barman stated that he refused to serve the prisoner on account of his drunken condition. On going out, prisoner broke the window with his fist—Prisoner made his fifth appear- ance, and the Bench sentenced him to two months' im- prisonment with hard labour.

MostiAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Francomb, Smethurst and Hutchinson, Councillors Wilkinson and Thornton, Dr. Fox, _Messrs. Geddes,

Wright, A. J. Jolley, W. RDberts and Pilling. TORE Hts CLOTHES SO SHREDS.—James Duffy, who appeared in the dock clad in a police blanket, was charged with begging in Buttermarket street at 5.15 p.m. on Saturday.—P. C. Gibbs proved the case.—The Chief Cont.table stated that on being placed in a cell, prisoner tore his clothing to shreds. He then acted more like a man possessed of a devil than a man in his sound senses. His conduct was a disgrace to humanity.—Prisoner said he was an old soldier and had served abroad. At, Lucknow he suffered from sunstroke, and in consequence he was not responsible for his actions when he had had a little drink.—He was sent to gaol fora month. AN UNDESIRABLE CUSTOME IL—Thomas Wilkinson was charged with having been drunk and refusing to quit the Blackburne Arms, Corporation-street, on Saturday night. He was also charged with assaulting Thomas Crompton, the landlord.—Mr. Crompton said that as he was being ejected, prisoner struck witness in the face with his fist.—A fine of 10s. and costs was Imposed. HOME OFFICE AND POLICE ASSAULTS.—James Chad- wick was charged with having been drunk and dis- orderly in Winwick-street at 10.20 on Saturday night and with assaulting P.C. Jones.—The officer said the

Toilers,

Mental and Manual, will derive great benefit from the regular daily use of an ABSOLUTELY PURE COCOA.

ri O 4 * 4..

(The Lancet says : ) "Is the Standard of

Highest Purity"

Cocoa alone is an Excellent Food as well as a stimulant, having a salutary action upon the nerve centres."

The Epicure says: "therefore drink your cocoa pure and re- member that the name Cadbury on any packet or tin of cocoa is a substantial guarantee of purity." Cadbury's Cocoa, ABSOLUTELY PURE THEREFORE BEST.

1

===== 0002601_19040625_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
prisoner struck him in the mouth and knocked his helmet off.—The Chief Constable said he had received a communication from the Home Office calling attention to the large number of assaults on the police in War- rington, and asking him to request the magistrates to deal severely with such cases.—Fined 10S. MINOR. OFFENCES.—Mary Broderick, 4, Dallam-lane who made her 25thappearance, was fined 10s. including costs for having used obscene language in Winwick- street on the 13th inst.—Mary Cogan, 36, Forster-street, was fined ss. including costs for having made a loud and unseemly noise in Forster-street on the 11th inst. TUESDAY.—Before Dr. Fox (in the chair), Alderman Hutchinson, Messrs. J. Rymer Young, C. J. Holmes, and W. Richardson. _ _ _

GIRLS' ADVENTURES.—TWO small girls named Sarah and Margaret Collins, both of 13, Arpley-walk, were summoned for wandering abroad not under proper guardianship.—lnspector Hackett of the N.S.P.C.C. said that one day in March the girls tramped to Manchester. On their return they were picked up by the police at Hollins Green, and handed over to the Borough police, when they made an allegation that their father had ill-treated them, a statement which they afterwards admitted was incorrect. All through the following night they sat on the doorstep, and the next day went to Liverpool and tramped about Liverpool until they were eventually taken in at the workhouse. The Inspector saw them in the workhouse, and they told him they had taken their father's clothes to pawn, and with the money had gone to Manchester and Liverpool. Up to a fortnight ago they had behaved rather better, but they were now as bad as ever, and had again taken their father's clothes to pawn. They were incorrigible.—Mr, William Bamber, school attendance inspector, asked or. the children to be sent to St. Joseph's Industrial School Darlington, and the magistrates agreed.

WEDNESDAY.—Before Alderman Hutchinson (in the chair), Councillor Tinnion, and Mr. L. W. Reynolds. THE CHIEF CONSTABLE'S EXPERIENCE.—AIbert Walters, a stranger, was charged with having been drunk and begging in Sankey-street on Tuesday after- noon.—The Chief Constable said he was in Sankey-st. at two o'clock and noticed the prisoner, in a state of intoxication, annoying foot passengers. He stopped them in an impudent way, and several people had to leave the footpath to avoid him. On see- ing him (Mr. Talbot), prisoner shouted to him, then stood in front of him, and it was a case of "Stand and deliver." Prisoner said "I want something to eat. What are you going to give me ?" Witness told him that he was a police officer, and that prisoner must not conduct himself in that way in the streets. Prisoner walked on a little distance, and then returned and began to be very abusive. Re (Mr. Talbot) again warned him that he would lock him up, and prisoner then snatched his (Mr. Talbot's) walking stick from under his arm and threw it on the ground. Witness collared the prisoner who was very rough, but fortunately two officers came upon tke scene and he was taken into custody. Prisoner was an able-bodied man and had money in his possession. He was one of those class of people who would not work, and yet their stomachs were always full of meat—and very often of drink—while honest working men with families could hardly make ends meet.—Fined 10s. and costs or 14 days' imprison- ment. _ _ _

DRUNK AT SEVENTEEN.—WiIIiam Barker,who said he was 17 years of age, was fined ss. for having been drunk and disorderly .on Tuesday night. THURSDAY.—Before Mr. John Fairclough (in the chair),

Councillor Tinnion, Messrs. W. Roliert:s and Young. SMART SENTENCE FOR THEFT.—Elizabeth Holbrook, Watkin-street, was charged with stealing a skirt, value 45., from the shop of James Welsby, 61,Winwick-road. —lt appeared that prosecutor's wife was in the kitchen washing, when she heard a noise in the shop. On going there she saw the prisoner rushing through the shop-door way with the skirt under her shawl. Prisoner had been behind the counter Lied had knocked a number of goods off the shelf. Mrs. Welsby followed the prisoners along several streets, but lost sight of her. Superintendent Monaghan ultimately arrested the prisgner who said "I am very glad you have come. I ha NW been waiting in for you."—Prisoner, who made her 7th appearanle, was sentenced to two months' hard labour.

FRlDA.Y.—Before the Mayor (hi the chair), Alderman Smethurst. Councillors _Thornton, J. Roberts and

Messrs. Henherd and Burgess. NEIGHBOURS AT VARIANCE..—AIice Percival, Thel- wall-lane, was summoned for assaulting Jane Hobson, Lyon-street, on the 25th June.—Mr. Browne appeared for the complainant and Mr. Steel defended—Complain- ant alleged that the defendant emptied eorne dirty water on her from a bedroom window,' and afterwards threw a bucket at her, hitting her on the thigh—Several witnesses bore out this state- ment—Mr. -Steel on behalf of the defen- dant stated that Mrs. Hobson commenced the trouble by insulting Mrs. Percival. Mrs. Hobson ran into defendant's yard, and defendant threw some water on her. The bucket unfortunately slipped from defend- ant's grasp, and hit the complainant. —The magistrates dismissed the case, each party to pay her own costs.— Mary Wrall, Cambria Place, was summoned for assault- ing Louisa Purvis, Cambria Place, on June 18th.—Mrs. Purvis was charged with making use of threats towards Mrs. Wrall.—Mr. Steel appeared for Mrs. Purvis who alleged the defendant struck her in the face with her closed fist—Mrs. Wrall denied the assault and rtated that Mrs. Purvis threatenedher.—Mrs.Wrall was bound over to keep the peace and ordered to pay the costs.— The case against Mrs. Purvis was dismissed. OBSCENE LANGUAGE.—Elizabeth Hill. Litherland's yard. was summoned by Fanny Holes, 76, Church-st. for making use of obscene language on the 6th inst.— Mr. Browne appeared for the complainant.—Defendant, who made her 9th appearance, was fined 10s, and costs (t 1 is. 6d.) with the option of 14 days' imprisonment. SECOND COURT. Before Messrs. H. Roberts (in the chair), A. J. Jolley,

===== 0002601_19040625_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
G. Panne and L. W. Reynolds.

THREATS.—Jane Johnson, 5, Rodney-street, was summoned for making use of threats towards Sarah Jane Lee, GO, Turner-street, on June lAth.—Complainant stated that she was returning from the Cemetery when she met the complainant who threatened to telr the clothes from her back, and toitake her life.—John Lee GO, Turner Street was then charged with threatening Jane Johnson on Saturday.—Complainant said defendant threatened to " pull her heart out." He seized her by the hair and "knocked her about."—Both defendants were bound over and ordered to pay their own costs.—Thomas Hogan. 5, Cambria-place, was summoned for threatening Mary Ireland, 3, Cambria Place on Saturday.—Defendant expressed regret for his conduct, and the magistrates ordered him to pay the costs (4s. 6d.)

===== 0002601_19040625_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
SOMETHING DIFFERENT IN AFTER- DINNER SWEETS.

Something different in after-dinner sweets may be prepared day after day by consulting Brown & Poison's recipe book "Summer Dishes." The recipes which have been prepared by skilled cooks, are for suchhealth- ful dishes as "Creamy Custard," Blanc-Mange Sponge," "Natural Fruit Jellies," "Fruit Juice Sauces," "Prune Jelly," and the celebrated "Brown & Poison Blanc- Mange," with full instructions in serving it with all kinds of stewed fruit. The basis of the recipes is sweet milk, fruit, and Brown & Poison's" Patent "Corn Flour. The booklet is sent by return to all applicants sending Id. stamp to Brown & Poison, Paisley. Write for it 1101 V —yon may forget it to-morrow.

HOW HOUSEHOLDERS ARE DUPED. A new method of swindlinz has been adopted, which is being carried on to a considerable extent throughout the country. It appears to be the work of a gang, the members of which have carefully planned and organised the system. To advertise their Specialities a large firm of Soap Makers have inaugurated Prize Competi- tions, and are giving valuable prizes to their customers in exchange for wrappers or coupons. The next Com- patition closes on;August 3:st. The mods operandi of the tricksters is simple; two smartly dressed young ladies or men, carrying bags, call upon householders, introduce themselves as representatives of Messrs. Joseph Watson & Sons, Ltd., and state that they have called for any wrappers which have been saved for the Prize Competition just about to close. The swindlers intimate that the wrappers will be placed to the credit of the householders in the forthcoming Com- petition, and the result made known in due course, or they will offer a few trumpery articles in exchange which are of no value. It is to be hoped, however, that this warning will set householders on their guard. All wrappers must be sent direct to Whitehall Soap Works, Leeds.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
Funeral of the Late Mr. John Mather.

- On Sunday afternoon the remains were interred in the Warrington Cemetery of the late Mr. John Mather, 198, Knutsford-road, who for the long period of 59 years had been in the service of Messrs. Stubs and Company, file manufacturers,Scotland-road. The deceased was one of the managers of the War- rington Permanent Benefit Building Society, and most regularly attended the meetings of the managers. He was held in respect by a large circle of friends. He was 71 years of age. Amongst those present at the funeral were Mr. John Mather (son), Masters Stanley Mather and James Mather (grandsons), F. J. Whittle (nephew), and Messrs. Thomas Catterall, Peter Forster, and Walter Catterall;W. W. Whittle, Thomas Whittle, (nephews), Richard Catterall, Richarci Barnett, James Barnett (Bolton),Richard rail (Earlestown), Alban Boyle, William Houghton, %V. Strettle, John Youde, (representing Messrs. Stubs's employes) James Halsall (Widnes), the officers of the " Lval Olive Branch " Lodge, Manchester Unity of Oddfellows : Messrs. Robert Lee, Arthur Dickens, J. Langhorn, George Atkinson, James Hamblett Caldecott, John Howard and T. S. Steel ' • Mr. Steel, sen., Mr. Steel, jun., Mr. and Mrs. R. W. Collin, Mrs. John Whittle, Mr. Robert Perdue, and Miss Strettle. The Building Society were represented by Messrs. S. W. Dallow, T. Critehley, T. Ince, F. Timperley, and Charles Hibbert, Mr. A. J. Willett (solicitor), and %fr. Clive (secretary). The officiating clergyman was the Rev. W. Bracecamp, vicar of St. Paul's. A number of beautiful floral ri butes were forwarded.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 25 1904

EDUCATION COMMIT:2E.

THE SUGGESTED CLOSING OF SCHOOLS.

Discussion on the High Death Rate. MR. A. COW'S NEW APPOINTMENT.

A meeting of the Warrington Education Committee was held on Monday evening at the Town Hall. Mr. F. Monks, J.P., occupied the chair and there were also pre- sent :—Hr. Alderman Bennett (vice chairman), Revs. Father Wilson, John Yonge, and E. J. Willcocks, Alder- man Pierpoint, Councillors Dodds, Burton, S. Davies, Brough, Ellison. Lord, Roberts, Tinnion, Hulse. Messrs. A. J. Jolley J. Upson, R. T. Fakelough, G. Walker, E. Plinston, T. May, C. E. Unsworth, W. Bibby, J. Fulton Smith, with .T. Moore Murray (director), and J. Fair- hurst, (borough treasurer). THE TRAINING OF TEACHERS.

The Director read a letter from Mr. H. E. Clare, clerk of the Lancashire County Council, stating that at the adjourned conference between the representatives of the County Councils and the County Borough Coun- cils of Lancashire and Cheshire, with reference to the provision of training colleges for teachers, held in .Man- chester on June 9th, the following resolutions were passed :—(1) That the number of trained teachers em- ployed by the various elementary education authorities should be largely increased; (2) that it is desirable the various educational authorities in the whole of Lancashire and Cheshire should co-operate in the train- ing of teachers and in the provision of training colleges, and that a special committee be appointed to draw up a scheme for coniideration, carrying out the foregoing proposal ; (3) that the special corn nittee consist of two representatives from each of the County Boroughs,three representatives of the Lane ishire Education Committee, three of the Cheshire Education Committee, three representatives from each of the Universities of Man- chester and Liverpool, and a representative of each of the residential training colleges in Lancashire and Cheshire. Mr. Clare asked for the names and addresses of the two ineml)ers appointed to act on the com- mittee.

Mr. John Upson an Mr. A. .T. Jolley were appointed representatives of the Warrington authority on the committee.

FINANCIAL MATTERS.

MR. MAY WAN CS A COMPARATIVE STATEMENT. AR. GOW'S NEW APPOINTMENT. THE METHOD OF PAYING TEACHERS.

At a meeting of the Finance Committee, held on the 13th June, the members having considered a report by the District Auditor on his recent audit of the accounts of the •Education Committee, a discussion followed as to the method of paying the teachers' salaries. The committee recognized that considerable responsibili'y was placed upon the head teachers with reference to their returns of theattendance of the teachers at school, and, it being reported that inaccuracies and oversights had taken place in sending in these returns, it was resolved :—" That the Director be instructed to notify the head teachers that any oversights or inaccuracies in the returns of the attendance of all the teachers engaged in the schools will be reported to the com- mittee,and,unleas they are satisfied that there is reason- able ground for excuse, each case will be referred by them to the Education Committee for )consideration." It was resolved :—" That a new gate be provided at the Education Office in Sankey-street at a cost of 24 195."

Mr. A. J. JOLLEY moved the confirmation of the minute:l.

Councillor DODOS seconded, and remarked that the committee were in full sympathy with Mr. May's idea of getting comparative figures. At present, however, such figures would not be of much use. Mr. WALKER said he did not se any reason why the committee should not have a complete return of the teachers employed in the town. It would be a difficult matter for a member to state, if asked, the number of teachers amongst whom the salaries were divided. If they had a comovative statement of the number of teachers employed when the committee "took control of educa- tional matters, alai the number on the list to-day, together with the salaries paid, they would be able to realize to some extent how the money was being expended. It might be an easy matter to make thestate- meat show not only how much of the increase was due to in creased staff, but how much was due to advance of salaries. Mr. T. MAY said he would move a resolution to that effect. The apparent increase is salaries to teachers as compared with the corresponding month last year, was £1,272. He said " apparent" because some of the mem- bers had told them that there was no means of "com- pare." He did not intend to ask any special considera- tion from the committee, but it would be an assistance to the members and the ratepayers, who were the main consideration, if they knew how the money was spent from time to time instead of waiting till the end of the year. There had been no budget statement for the last completed year ended 31st March last, and they had all been lo oking forward to it. The CHAIRMAN: It was in the papers. It is no use making a statement like that, when it is not correct. Mr. MAY : It was merely the auditor's statement There was no detail whatever.

Councillor LORD considered the price of the new gate at the Sankey street offices was exorbitant. In fact, he did not see the necessity for a gate at all. The CHAIRMAN called the attention of the committee to the fact that they were beginning to feel the demand for officials in their employ. Mr. Herbert Parkinson had obtained agood appointment in the South of Eng- land, and it would havl been seen from the papers that they were losing Mr. Gow's valuable services. He was afraid that that would go on, as the salaries they were paying would not keep good men. They would be con- stantly changing, he was afraid, if they did not mind. The Rev. J. YONGE said he had been thinking about the matter since they received the intimation of Mr. Gow's appointment at Blackburn, at twice his present salary. He viewed the fact of his removal with a very great amount of regret—(hear, hear)—and that feeling would be shared by anyone who knew anything about the facts.. They had found in Mr. Gow an exceedingly efficient master. He had had to manage matters at their initiation, and, if he might be allowed the phrase, to lick them into shape, and that work he had done most efficiently. He (Mr. Yonge) believed he was say- ing what others would corrobarate emphatically, that there was no particular point in which Mr. Gow had come short of' their expectation. (Hear. hear.) He had very likely gone beyond what some of them expected he would be able to do. He (Er. Yonge) had been wondering whether any plan could be hit upon by which they could retain his services. It might seem rather a large order, but he submitted that it was worth con- sideration. He did not suppose they could offer him £500; the committee and the Town Council would not be likely to swallow that particular idea, but he wanted to know whether something approaching that could not be done. To have a new man in the second year of the secondary school would be a very risky experiment. Methods would have to go under alteration, and altogether it would cause a feeling of unsettlement and unrest in the whole working of their educational scheme. He thought if the School Management Com- mittee could receive a"hint that they would be justified in taking the matter into consideration • it would NI a very good thing. If they parted with Mr. Gow, it stood to reason that they would not be able to appoint a successor at £250. They would have to pay a new man more to begin with. Mr. Gow, he thought, was now entitled to a larger salary, and in the coming year there would be' abundant opportunity and justification for giving him even more than £3OO. The CHAIRMAN observed that the matter was not on the minutes, but it was of such importance that they might venture to ventilate it.

Mr. JOLLEY said he would prefer to say nothing about the matter which had been raised by Mr. Yonge. It would be more fittingly raised when the minutes of the School Management Committee were considered, although he entirely ageed with every word of com- mendation of Mr. Gow s admirable services. Anyone who had taken a personal interest in the welfare of the secondary school, technical institute,and pupil teachers' centre must know the very thorough way in which Mr Gow had taken his work in hand and the admirable spirit in which he had carried it out. With regard to. the suggestion as to comparisons, that was How really a stale subject,but when suggestions were put forth which were calculated to mislead the public, he supposed it was his unfortunate duty to correct mis-statements. No useful comparison between the figures of expendi- ture for the past month or the current month and for the corresponding period of last year could be given by anyone. He said that without the slightest fear, and for Mr. May to get up and say that the salaries for the last month were £1,200 more than for the corresponding month last year, without any further comment, was highly misleading an' utterly unfair. Mr. Walker had made a suggestion with which he (Mr. Jolley) was in sympathy, and he could assure him that as soon as it was possible and practicable for the committee to give information which would be useful and accurate—and information which was not accurate could not be use- ful—they would give it. (Hear, hear.) He thought Mr. Walker would concur that,as chairman of the committee he (Mr. Jolley) tried when possible to give all the information in his tower. Any member could see the schedule monthafter month at the office. The question of the number of teachers on the staff was within the province of the School Management Committee. The members of the Finance Committee had enough to do to look after their own business without interfering with the work of another sub-committee. There had been increases of the staff, but the fact had been men- tioned in the minutes month after month. With refer- ence to Councillor Lord's remarks, if they did not hive a gate to keep the children from the vacant land they would have to employ a man for the purpose. The minutes were carried. Mr. MAY rose to speak. The CrTA MN( : Sit down, Mr. May. You have al- ready spoken. Mr. MAY: I protest against the word " mis-state- meat," as applied to my remarks. I said "apparent increase." - -

Alderman PIERPOINT : You should have objected at the time, not now. The CEIAIRMAN.—You have already spoken, Mr. May. You make mis-statements by the dozen.

INIPORTANr BUSINESS. THE SUGGESTED CLOSING OF SCE-100LS. HOW IT ‘VOULD AFFECP THE HEALTH OF THE TOWN. THE ACCONDIODATION AT THE SECONDARY SCHOOL.

The School Management Committee had had impor- tant business under consideration.—"A letter dated the 28th May, 1904, from the Medical Officer of Health, suggesting the desirability of closing all the public elementary schools in the borough at once until the date already fixed for their re-opening after the midsummer holidays (15th August), owing to the continued preva- lence of infectious disease, was mil) flitted, and it was resolved that having taken into consideration the fact that 21 departments have already been closed daring the present school year for periods ranging from two to font weeks at a time, and that, during the ten weeks ending the 26th March last, 1,125 (or eight per cent). of the children have been excluded from attendance at school by the direction of the Medical Officir of Health as suffering from, or being in contact with, infectious disease, this committee is not satisfied that the suggested closure of the schools will have the desired effect." A further letter from the managers of Fairfield National School, asking (a) for reconsideration of their request for permission to appoint an additional certifi- cated assistant mistress in the upper girls' department ; and (b) for permission to appoint an additional certifi- cated assistant mistress in the girls' department, was submitted. With reference to the application in respect of the upper girls' department, it was resolved that a sub-committee, con :i3tin; of the Chairman of the committee (the Rev. Morley Stevenson), Mr. A. J. Jolley, Mr. J. loulton Smith and Mr. John Upson, be appointed to confer with the managers of the school, with a view to considering the advisability of re- organizing the upper girls' and girls' departments. With reference to the application in respect of the girls' deptrtment, the committee were of opinion that the staff of that department required strengthening, aml, in order that advantage might be taken of the fact that teachers would be soon leaving college and would be available after the midsummer holidays, it was resolved that permission be given for the appointment of an additional certifictted assistant mistress; and that the decision as to the department to which this teacher should be finally attached be deferred until the receipt, of the report of the sub-committee appointed to con- fer with the managers of the school.

It having been reported that applications had already b43en received for the admission of 100 scholars (whose parents are either ra.tep tyers or residents in the borough) to the Secondary school and to the preparatory pupil teachers' classes, it was resolved that in order to acorn- modate 60 additional scholars (a) rooms Nos. 8 and 9 be divided by means of glass screens; and (b) art assistant master, qualified to teach chemistry, physics, and general subjects and an assistant mistress who can teach drawing french and general subjects be appointed to the Secondary school at salaries of £l2O and £llO per annum respectively. It was resolved that application be rade to the Town Hall, Parks and Biths Committee for the free use of the second-class public swimming baths by the children from the public elementary schools in the borough at times to be fixed, the children to be in charge of a teacher.

In moving the confirmation of the minutes Mr. UPSON expressed the hope that the Chairman of the commit- tee, the Rev. Morley Stevenson; would speedily be restored to health and streneth and be amongst them again. (Hear, hear.) With reference to the resolution relating to the Fairfield school he had to explain that the committee had not yet met owine to the illness of the Chairman, and the absence of several members of the committee. In regard to the suggested closing of schools owing to the outbreak of infectious diseases, the School Management Committee had been charged with being interested only in grants and averages. He did not know that they were altogether had things to be interested in seeing that they had the interests of education and the rateyavers in their minds when deal- ing with these grants and averages. While that was so, they were still more intimately concerned with the interests of education, as such, and the closure of the schools for a prolonged period very adversely affected the interests of education. It did not affect the grants. If all the schools were closed that day for the next three months by the sanitary authorities of the borough not a penny piece would be lost in grant, nor would tbe average go down. On the other hand, it was possible the grants would be higher and the average greater if the schools were closed, so that grants and averages were not their primary considerations. They thought primarily of the education of the children. The schools had been closed during the year for a considerable time and the committee felt that the education of the chil- dren would suffer terribly if they were closed again. However, these considerations were as nothing when they thought of the health of the people of the borough. (Hear, hear.) If they were •convinc3d that the health of the children would suffer in consequence of keeping the schools open, so far as the committee were con- cerned they would no doubt meet the sanitary authori- ties of the borough, but the code required that the schools should be closed for epidemic sickness not by the Education Committee, but by the Health Com- mittee. They were the responsible persons, and if two members of the Health Committee acting under the advice of the Medical Officer, said that the schools must be closed that must be done at Once. The Education Committee had no option in the matter at all. The CHAIRMAN: We can appeal. Mr. UPSON : Yes, but we are bound at the time to close. Continuing, he said, the question arose "Who is responsible for the closing of the schools ?" They, as the Education Committee, said that it was not part of their duty to close the schools because of epidemic sickness. The Health Committee was to some extent shirking its responsibility when it threw the onus of closing the schools upon that committee as the educa- tional authority. If any one must close the schools let the Health Committee do so under the advice of the Medical Orficer, The Education Committee would have the right to appeal to the Board of Education, but they had not got that far yet. The letter from the doctor did not say definitely that the Health Committee had come to any decision on the Matter at all. It was gathered that the matter had been discussed, but that no resolution had been passed, and no direct instructions had been given .to the doctor. Under those circum- stances he contended that the School Management Committee were justified in not agreeing to the suggestion that it was desirable to close the schools. Alluding to the proposed free use of the second class swimming bath by children, Mr. Upson said that at the I present time by the charge of a penny the very poor children, who perhaps needed the baths the most, were excluded. If the resolution was accepted and finally passed by the Council, they would give to every boy labove a certain age an opportunity of getting a weekly. I wash at any rate. Referring to the accommodation at ' the Secondary school, Mr. Upson said the success of the school was no doubt due largely to the earnest and efficient work of Mr. Gow. At the same time it had been crowded since its opening, and now there were 86 children coming in. They proposed to make provision for 60, and to do that they would have to make a few slight structural alterations, and engage two extra teachers. Then he thought they would be able to go on for twelve months without any further enlargement The buildings were being fully utilized. They had 120 children in attendance, and they proposed to admit 60 more. They had 90 pupil teachers, and 200 children being taught cookery, and in the night classes there were 631 students. In the course of a week 1,100 students of various kinds passed through the hands of the teachers. Councillor Burton seconded the confirmation of the minutes, and said the Health Committee had not come to any decision with regard to the closing of the schools but it was suggested by one or two of the members that they thought it would be advisable for them to be ' closed now until the end of the holidays. The death rate ef the town was very high, and, of course, the Health Committee felt rather nervous: They were anxious to do all they could to make the death rate lower and therefore they wrote to the Education Com- mittee. He (Councillor Burton) was in favour of what Mr. Upson had said shoe, the baths. He had been told by some of the teachers that some of the children were sent to school unwashed, without breakfast, which some took with them, and that instead of the teachers being engaged in teaching they had to take the _children into a back room and give them a good washing before the ordinary teaching was proceeded with. Alderman BEgNETr observed that the committee were incurring a grave responsibility in even seeming to go counter to the advice of the Medical 0 ficer of Health. The condition of the public health of the borough for some months past had been, well he might call it a scandal. He thought for thre3 or four times they had had the highest death rate in the country, and he saw from the ne.vsp Leers which were published on Saturday that the death rate for Warrington was 2i.G, and for Aston Manor 7. With such a divergence of that kind there must b 3 something 'radically wrong. He did not say who was right or wreng but the medical officer of health was responsible officially. The health of the borough primarily rested with him, and they _were in- curring a grave responsibility in even seeming to go counter to his advice. .The question of 4rants and averages was important, but the other question of edu- cation was more serious still. These long intervals in the school year must hamper the progress of education and retard the development of the scholars, but as Hr. Upson had pointed out, there was something infinitely more important than grants and averages or education and that was health itself. (Hear, hear) They could ~not educate people when they were dead. (Laughter). It was too grave a matter to laugh at. It was the absolute truth. (Re- newed laughter), Every week this year deaths had occurred; homes were being darkened, and families bereaved through deaths which under the present state of things should be preventable. They could not dogma- tize. It was extremely foolish when men who obvi- ously were not experts attempted to do so. They paid a handsome salary to a man Who was siOpoited to be an expert, and who was, no doubt, a capable public servant, and when he said it was desirable a certain course should be adopted in the interests of the health of the borough they should not throw cold water on it, and endeavour to prevent the adoption of the proposals. (Hear, hear.) He knew it was said that the remedy was in the hands of the Health Committee, but they were only human, and would hesitate to take a step which the Education Committee did not consider would have the desired effect. Whilst this hesitation was taking place, lives were being lost. Alluding to the question

of the proposed free use of the baths, the alderman said that was a matter that was connected to some extent with the last question. The heavy death-rate was partly due to the filthy conditions in which many of the people were compelled to live, and any step, however slight, which would tem. to greater personal cleanliness, would have a very considerable effect in the prevention of disease.He was not sure that the small second class baths would be adequate to the large demands which it was proposed to put upon it, but cleanliness and swimming were so desirable and important that they ought to make the necessary provision so that all the children could have the facilities both for cleanliness and exercise.

-- Mr. MAY said that reference had already been made to the death rate at Aston Manor which was the lowest in the kingdom. It so happened that his nephew was Medical Officer of Health there, and his father, the speaker's eldest brother, had been medical officer there for many years before him, and he (Mr.-May), knew the struggle this gentleman had had to bring the health matters of Aston Manor into a satisfactory condition. When he was with the Medical Officer there a, few weeks ago he talked over the matter very seriously with him and asked for his advice and enlightenment, and it was pointed out to him that the death rate from measles, whooping cough, and other infectious diseases mainly arose in children from three to five years of age who were crowded into these schools. He (Mr. May) came to the conclusion from the information the Medical Officer give him that no committee ought to continue to keep the schools open when the Medical Officer had made such a suggestion as they had on the minutes. (Hear, hear.) Without enlarging any further about the pros. and cons. which would go home to the hearts of all the members of the committee who had children and young children in their households, he proposed that the minutes be pissed except that particular resolution; that was, if Mr. Bennett had not already proposed it. Alderman BE:kTNErr : I have not done so, but I feel very strongl3 about the matter. Mr. IllAv : Then I propose it • .

The CHAIRMAN: What will you gain by it? Alderman BENNETT : We stand out of the way. We keep off the line altogether. The CHAIRMAN : I object to the Sanitary Com- mittee throwing the responsibility on this committee. We have already closed the schools at the request of the Sanitary Authority, and I nowask the Director to give us the figures he gave the School Committee, showing that the closing of the schools has had no effect what- ever on the health of the borough. Mr. MURRAY stated that from January 23rd to March 26th 1,125 children were excluded from the schools under certificates of the Medical Officer either for hav- ing been infected or for having come into contact with persons affected, and the loss of attendance during that time was 53,316. That was a loss of money to the com- mittee in the sense that those scholars did not earn grants. In October and November last, the schools were closed, some for a month, some six weeks and others for two months.

Councillor TINNION said there was some misunder- standing existing as to the action of the Medical Officer. Except in a general way the question of the health of the schools had not been .pecifically before the Health Committee. The high death rate and the infantile death rate had been under consideration, but the question of dealing with them in the form suggested in the minutes had not been discussed. He wishes to point out that the Medical Officer of the Health Com- mittee was also the Medical Officer of the Education Committee, and it was in the capacity of officer of this committee that he made the suggestion to which refer- ence had been made which had not come from the Health Committee. The matter would probably be discussed by the Health Committee on Wednesday even- ing. If they dscided to enforce their powers they would have to make an order for each particular schooL With reference to the free use of the baths, he wished to say the Proposition had his hearty sympathy, but he would like a little further information as to how it was to be carried into effect. Would the children be sent to the baths during school hours? They had already had considerable difficulty with the inspectors of the schools in reference, to the gymnasium classes, and the gymnasium Committee had been told that the distance was too far and that the time taken up too great in travelling from the schools to the insti- tution. The inspector had put the matter in a quiet way without actually vetoing it. He had hinted that too much time was taken up by the children. Were the children to be sent to the baths during school hours, or during other parts of the day? The principle was all right, but they should have a little further explanation given to them from Mr. Upson as to how thesuggestion could be put into active oneration. He did not think the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee would offer any objection if there was no interference with school duties. If the experiment cost money they would more than get it back in the improved health of the children. MEDICAL SUPERVISION OF CHILDREN

RECOMMENDED; Mr. R. T. FAIRCLOUGH said he had always main- tained, and he still did so, that there was no proper medical supervision of the children attending the schools. He had already given cases to show that in the case of ring worm a little tobacco juice was used as the favourite remedy. (Laughter.) If children suffering from disease were to be sent indiscriminately to the baths, there was no doubt that disease would be spread if there was no supervision. (Hear, hear.) He should like to suggest the employment of some nurse to examine the children. Councillor MINION: One would be no use. Mr. R. T. FAIRCLOGGH : Well, then, let us have two. It would pay to have two. If the children were properly seen to there would be less disease in the town. Father Wrr,soN spoke in support of the minutes. He did not see what Alderman Bennett meant by the amendment.

Alderman BENNErr: I want to throw the onus on the responsible officer.

The CHAIRMAN- said the amendment seemed "a down-right piece of folly." Father WILSON remarked that the committee were almost unanimous in their judgment on the matter, and the minute expressed their decision. The responsibility for closing the schools did not rest with the School Management Committee. He thought the committee acted quite as they ought to have done and in doing so left the responsibility where it was by law. THE SCARLET FEVER OASES. The Rev. JoHN YONGR said he was glad to see the committee arrived at the result they had, and he sup- ported it, as he did not think the Medical ()Meer should give the committee the responsibility in the matter. The responsibility rested with the Health Com- mittee, and if the Health Committee acted on that responsibility he did not think any of them would object. He had the experience of Wycliffe school when it was closed for a month. The week before the clos- ing they had 44 absent through illness, and the first week after the month of closing was over the number rose to 55 and then to 63. That did not look as if closing the schools brought about the result intended or expected, and he thought the same state of things existed with reference to the other schools closed. While referring to illness he would like to throw out a hint. A great number of cases had occurred,it was said. in which children had been sent back from hospital before they ought to have been. Children recovering from scarlet fever had been sent home during the stage known as peeling, which he supposed was a. most infectious stage, and if that really was the as it was said to be-

Councillor TENNION, interrupting, said he did not think such an important statement as that should be made without it being immediately contradicted. The Rev. J. YONGE : I only throw out the hint as the statement has 'aeon made over and over again in my , hearing. Councillor TINNION : Although I don't doubt that you might have heard it, it is inaccurate. The Rev. J. YONGF. : I hops it is inaccurate. After all, it may not be the want of closing schools, but the want of sufficient accommoiation in oar hospitals to meet the number of cases when they do arise. Councillor T[NNION explained that the Health Com- ntittee had this matter under consideration. The usual period for cases to be kept in hospital was six weeks, but in many cases the doctor had taken the responsi- bility of sending children away after a shorter time.' The Health Committee asked the doctor specially to follow all such cases and endeavour to trace if there were any cases which arose from corning into contact with those particular cases. The doctor had done so, , and up to the present time they had not found a single case that had arisen through Dr. Gornall allowing the children to go out under the six weeks. He believed that to be absolutely true. (Hear, hear.) Alderman PfEarom did not think it was the duty of: the Education Committee to consider whether Dr. Gornall was carrying out his duties efficiently, but he knew sufficient of Dr. Gornall to know that he would not allow any child to' go out of the hospital if he thought there was the slightest possible chance of infection. (Hear, hear.) He had no desire to throw cold water on any movement that had a tendency to improve the health of the borough, but had he been at the meeting he would have been in favour of the minute as it stood. He was rather surprised at the action of Alderman Benaett. Councillor LORD supported the amendment. From what had been said, the School Management Committee declined to close the schools because it was the duty of the Health Committee. But in the minutes, the com- mittee said they considered the closing of schools ineffectual. He considered the minute was an insult to the Medical Offic,er and ought to be deleted. Mr. JOLLEY said that in the discussion a phrase had been used which he ventured to think was misleading, and not strictly accurate. The idea had been expressed that Dr. Gornall was the responsible official, as though he was a sort of medical dictator. Dr. 'Gornall had certain powers, and was medical officer to the Educa- tion Committee' and it was not fair that the people's elected representatives should funk their responsibili- ties. It was not a mere matter for experts. No one knew better that Alderman Bennett how often experts fell into absurd ideas and "rode a hobby to death." They ought tobe on their guard against experts in some matters. Alderman Bennett made a touching reference about the darkened homes, &c.,a.nd they all sympathized with those who had been bereaved, but if the reference was intended to suggest that that committee or the School Management Committee were in the smallest degree responsible forthose deaths, he would repudiate the suggestion in the strongest possible terms. If they closed the schools, what happened to the children? Would they be any more isolated, •and.would infection spread any less when the schools were closed and the children were playing iu the crowded street or yard or,

===== 0002601_19040625_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
DAINTY SAMPLE FREE.

in their crowded homes. The schools were well venti- lated and well-lighted and he could not see where the advantage in closing them, lay. Mr. PLINSTON said he failed to see the necessity for the amendment. He was entirely of the opinion that closing the schools did not bring about the desired effect. He went about Warrington prnbably more than most of the members, and from what he saw of the con- ditions under which so many lived, he should say the school was better for then' than being at home. If they were going to closet the schools entirely they were go- ing to increase sickhess. He could testify to the fact that, in some districts especially, sickness increased when schools were closed. If they looked at some of the black spots of the town, and the abominable stinks they had to put up with,they would soon come to the real cause of the sickness—(hear, hear)—and not have to look to the schools. Warrington wanted well over-look- ing. There was a good deal to remedy in more ways than one. (Hear, hear.) Councillor ELLISON thought Mr. Plinston had struck the right key in saying they must look to the cause of the sickness.

Mr. I.7Nswou.nt said it was not the duty of the Education Committee to find out the cause. He agreed with the committee's decision. There was more likeli- hood of the infection being spread bythechildren being at home rather than atschool.

The amendment was then put and lost by a large majority, only four voting for it. PROPOSED FREE BATHS FOR CHILDREN.

iqI:.:VIH.TON SMITH referred to the question of baths for school children, and said it would be very necessary to impress on the children that it was part of their education. When children were taken out of school through the streets they were likely to feel as if they were out of control. Their conduct should be reported to the head teacher, so that the children would feel that going to the baths or gymnasium was part of their education. _

Mr, UrsoN, replying to the discussion, said the com- mittee had no desire whatever to thwart the doctor. They were as anzious as he was that the children should be in sound health, and would do anything they could to bring that about. With reference to the free baths it would be early enough to talk about the times at which the children should go when they got permission for them to go. In Liverpool the children went in school hours, and in other towns they went after the afternoon session. The boys went now between the hours of 4 and 6 on Tuesdays and Fridays. However, it was a matter that could be arranged afterwards. He thought Mr..Fairclongh's fear that the bathing would lead to thespread of disease was rather remote. He believed the good that would result would far outweigh the evil that might come through children suffering from ringworm, &c., using the baths. As Mr. Fulton Smith said the children must be impressed with the idea that the bathiug was part of their education. He agreed also with Mr. Plinston, in saying that the relics of the dim and dirty past were largely responsible for the sickness in the borough.

The minutes were then agreed to. ALL ABOUT A SCHOOL ATTENDANCE CASE.

----.- - - MAGISTRATES CRITICISED. TEIE SCHOOL ACCONDIODATION DIFFICULTY. _ _ . . . _ _ .

At a meeting of the School Attendance Committee on June 2nd, a letter (dated the 20th May) was read from the Board of Education, intimating that the average attendance at the Hamilton-street National school dur- ing the current year must not be allowed to exceed the recognized accommodation. Another letter (dated the sth May) was submitted from the managers of the Hmilton-street National school to the Board, disclaim- ing responsibility for the overcrowded state of the school, having been submitted. It was eventually re- solved : *"l7hat the managers of the Hamilton-street school be directed to see that the average attendance in each department during the current school year is kept within the limit of the recognized accommodation, and that the head teachers of the school be requested to furnish the committee from time to time with a list of the children o,ho have been refused admission to the school ;" and also "That, in view of the repeated noti- fications from the Board of Education as to the necessity for increased school accommodation, the attention of the Sites and Buildings Committee be drawn to the imperative necessity for making further pro- vision for school accommodation as speedily as pos- sible." _ _

CounciIIOrELLISON, in moving the adoption of the minutes gave a lovg statement of the facts of the recent prosecution of Mr. W. A. Proud for neglecting to send his child to school. The details have already appeared in the " Examiner." Councillor Ellison pointedi out that if a child had been prevented from attendance at school by sickness, that might be regarded as a reasonable excuse, but the onus of proof rested with the parent and after the experience of many years the only evidence that the School Attend- ance Committee could admit was that of a certificate, signed by a medical practitioner. A parent not observ- ing the bylaws was upon conviction, liable to a penalty. In order to avoid bringing all cases under that bylaw before the court, the committee met weekly and made preliminary investigation into the cases, and to avoid the appearance of parents in court, they accepted what they considered reasonable excuses. The only alterna- tive in the event of a person refusing to appear before them or to satisfy them as to the non-attendance of a child was to take the matter before the magistrates. That was done in the case under notice, and when the case was heard a medical certificate was produced in court giving proof that the excuse given for the child's absence from school was a reasonable one and as a con- sequence the case was withdrawn. The committee were now satisfied that the child was unable to attend school, but they felt that considerable trouble had been caused to both committee and parents which could have been saved by the production of the medical certificate on one of the numerous occasions upo t which it was asked for. The committee regretted that. two gentlemen whom they all highly esteemed and respected, holding the dignified position of magistrates and being members of that Education Committee, should have considered it a part of their duty to try and refute the efforts of this committee on the Bench by the use of words which would have been better not spoken. (Hear, hear.) Ti say the least they took it as a reflection upon the School Attendance committee and its staff in trying to carry out their arduous duties to the best of their ability. Another thing he wished to refer to was the question of school accommodation, as the resolutions passed on the subject referred toa very serious state of affairs. The committee would remember that at the meeting in March last it was reported that the Board of Education were withholding the annual grant for the Hamilton-street school, until they were satisfied that steps were being Laken to avoid the over-crowding in the school. In reply to that, the managers showed that the over-crowding was very slight, and they stated that any responsiblity in the matter should fall upon the authorities whose duty it was to provide school accommodation. This was communicated to the Board of Education both by the committee and by the managers of the school, and the Board, in reply, now gave definite instructions that the average attendance must not exceed the accommodation during the present year. The only way this could be avoided was to dismiss some children from the school, but if they turned to the monthly return of school attendance, they would find that at the Fairfield school (girls') there were 620 girls for 571 places, at the Ladies' School of Industry, 229 girls for 221 places ; at Silver-street school, 839 boys and girls for 777 places. at Warrington Parochial,7s4 boys for 670 places; whilst at St. Mary's R.C. Girls' school, there were 329 girls for 352 places, and at the St. Benedict's R.C. school 268 boys and girls for 320 places, but this last figure did not

the include Standard 1., which had had to be placed in the infants' department on account of want of room for is whole of it in the mixed department. The only selle/ in the district in which there would appear to he 's room were the two Roman Catholic Schools (St.garti.. and St. Benedict's),,and there could only be one so tion to the difficulty which confronted the Sch,7o Attendance Committee and the managers; V" of the committee could prove to the Board .ds Education that they were doing s mething to Pr°vl,..t additional accommodation, there was little doubt tu-t after so many warnings, the grant for Hamilton-streess school would be withilld, and that would mean a ,I°ia of over £1,200 to the committee. He found thsb„-,t 1901 and 1902 pressure was brought upon the Councllf"o'r the Board of Education and preliminary steps taken, it the formation of a school board, and the committee 'et that that had become a necessity in the town owing :s the great want of accommodation. However, it w. , satisfactory to know that that had been obviated ow„, to the passing of the Education Act, but he would 11°' to point out that no new accommodation had been PI; vided up to the present; and, therefore, they must a worse position now than before, and if more Pr—, as could not be provided in the near future they migo:mg well dismiss the School Attendance Committee snug:A officers as of no further use, because they could not room for forcible attendance of children. The 817.„ and Buildings Committee needed to put forth eve"' effort to cope with the difficulty. Mr. MAY seconded the confirmation of the =Witt but said he did not concur in the remarks made 6 reference to the school attendance case. He did°o agree with the committee passing a reflection on magistrates acting on that occasion, because the rat; tion as it appeared to him to be this—and he 00 from long experience in the Police Court— A MEMBER: In what position? (Laughter.) Alderman PIERPOINT : How long did you get? , Mr. MAY said he spoke from 40 years' experience:A Inland Revenue representative. A man must be treaw- as innocent until they were able to prove him guiltr; In the case in questi non there was clearly a reasoab,_. excuse. There was no offence, and it was impossiblele find an offence. Further there was nothing 111„n bylaws which required any person to produce a wed' certificate. The committee had no right to take into court unless their officers were able to prove o ffenca. The CHAIRMAN: You are on the committee, you were at the meeting when instructions were giv`"" for the prosecution. (Laughter.) Mr. MAY: If I voted for such an instruction, I wit° certainly in error—(laughtqr)--as I believe the CO mittee were in error on that occasion. Alderman PIERPOINT said his sympatll4.es •we+teere. entirely with the School Attendance 11,19 F! Comm". _ (Hear, hear.) If ever there was a case where facie, it was necessary to institute prosecution ,__gt" Proud case" was the one. (Hear, hear.) If the la l y"; eof Mr. May were brought into action in this boro ' the School Attendance Committee might as wellthe disbanded unless they could set a committee under care of Mr. May. (Laughter.) The magistrates 00hto be prepared to administer the law as they folint.,,ir instead of acting according to the prejudices of tt.`"6 own mind. The prima facie evidence in that case complete. He did not know who the two magistratv'. referred to were and he did not care— The CHAIRMAN: The Mayor and Alder:o3 Smethurst. , Alderman PiEttPoryr: I only say that in this believe they acted under prejudice instead of accord to law. - -

_ Mr. BIBBY was sorry Mr. May had made the rola!: he had. The School Attendance Committee had enoilb.4 difficulties to contend with and he thought it wrong of Mr. May to try to place obstacles way. When the matter was discussed a: a full cieebo ing Mr. May was the only man who held the opinious had expressed that night. The CHAIRMAN said that Mr. Proud had a fair cuse, but by his stupidity he put the committee to ttt trouble of appealing to the magistrates, and he thoug;3', the magistrates ought at least to have fined aim in costs. t Mr. PLINSTON said that although Mr. May at tialhe endeavoured to do some valuable work, at other* endeavoured to throw cold water on the actions o'lp committee. It was a policy he ought not to pursue' ;,rt. May said the case ought not to have gone into.o7,t, Well, he had been drilled by Mr. Murray on that Pe ..,--he and the bylaws had been drilled into him, and could possibly get up again and say they had no rill'„0" d proceed he (Nlr.Plinston) could not imagine. ileiler t- Mr. May would study the bylaws, and at the next urebt, ing apologize for the statement he had made that n'g The minutes were approved. SITES AND BUILDINGS COMMITTEE. the The minutes of this committee recorded Oa' eri members had visited various proposed sites for 13 eg schools, and instructions were given in certain o°oo for alternative sites to be obtained. At a meetiuj June 10, a resolution of the School Attendance "de el mittee, with reference to the urgent need of additicot school accommodation, was submitted, and the Direcery was instructed to inform the committee that possible effort was being made to supply the accorlP" dation required as speedily as possible. The minutes were approved. Ivo We are asked to state that the Mayor and Alder Smethurst did not adjudicate in the case referred lo'

PUPIL TEACHERS' SCHOLARSHIPS. DAY SCHOOL FOUNDATION MANAGEII7; the The General Purposes Committee considerf,u"a question as to whether scholarships to the prePa, arse pupil teachers' classes should be awarded to ch"..„- whose parents were neither residents nor ratepar: the borough, and, after some discussion, it was regoz'e $ "That ne scholarships to the preparatory pupil teh he'bror classes be awarded to children whose parents are neitot residents nor ratepayers in the borough, unless the of such scholarships is borne by the County Counc, of Lancashire or Cheshire, as the case may be. oi The appointments of the following foul) managers under the final orders were submitted Hamilton-street National School: Revs. ~an,u noo Percival; Ladies' School of Indnstry ; Revs. Stevenson, Canon Penrhyn, Canon Willis utatlie Willis and G. %V. Dickinson, and Messrs. W. E. and J. P. Reynolds; St. Barnabas' School: H. G. Hollingworth, and Messrs. W. A. Proud. J. and T. H. A. Pilkington ; St. James' School : Wire C. Firth, and Messrs. C. Sawkins Burgess Save' years), H. N. Houghton and James Bolton • „rs. street Wesleyan School : Rev. R. Wilkins Rees: 26-effior E. J. Guest and J. W. Hayward, and Councl Horrocks. Orst` The DIRECTOR explained that the managers Ivere oe appointed under an interim order for one year. „or. present election had taken place under the final o The minutes were approved. (for t

Fels-Naptha

Soap differences: no other labour-saving soap; no other clothes-saving soap; no other money-saving soap; no other moneyback soap.

FelF-Naptha 39 Wilson street London t a

===== 0002601_19040625_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
sk,;.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
NW! • - • r . . , . , . _

===== 0002601_19040625_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
111 E EXPANDING INDUSTRIES

===== 0002601_19040625_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
OF GREAT BRITAIN.

WONDERFUL PROGRESS OF THE

ENGINEERING TRADE.

Much has been said 11, Protectionist tg:rtore about the ruin of British industries b. y continual repetition of these reckless 137ertions many unreflecting minds may easily 4, brought to accept them as gospel truth. It heels singular that politicians, who otherwise 'boa to indulge in "spread-eagle ". language t the greatness of England, and who never ke4l7 of abusing their opponents as "Little blllglanders " and "the friends of every country heir own," should find satisfaction in pro- j,"l,llllug from the housetops that the foreigner DeatlnO.t' us in every market, and that the ;Vs of our commercial ascendency are at an Mr. Chamberlain himself is the worst der in this respect. A statesman who ta"."-id bring himself to declare from a Bir- akilighem platform that we are now third tft,°rlg the nations and that we shall soon rank must have realised that such wild per- to of of fact could only afford gratification "le foreign critics of Great Britain.

Our --- t Increasing Lead. 4,3I?°IITIg2KATELy, mere reiteration of " unfacts,* a Carlyle termed them, cannot make them 1142 tile more true, although they may impose the ill-informed. The truth is that t,ra de in manufactured goods is growing th,„ "le present time more rapidly than AC' of any other country in the world. (x) those industries which determine the itlt'llnereial position of a nation are shew- ef! every sign of vitality. Cotton, which Mr. anlberlain has told us is "going," is emerg- -44 from the cloud of the American cotton ilh-"er, and during the next few years will ew:ian enormous expansion. Within the last di;# uaYs it has been stated that in the Bolton riet alone over a hundred mills are either w,course of erection or are being projected. these concerns are in operation it is to predict that the busy Lancashire terl‘res will experience an almost unpre- ahi,sen.ted period of activity. Take again the ta-,llllng industry. Never was the predomi- plit'e,e,of this country upon the ocean less dis- keem than at the present time. Our woollen aelstrY, although affected by the sudden heia,ll,ce in the price of raw wool, is in a .11Y,condition, and the Bradford district forward to something like a "boom " 1) 'IN the coming months. Instead ofin "va tiut ng our imaginary decadence, ought we grrather to rejoice in these evidences of our -Ting prosperity ?

mmt Do We Do with Foreign Steel? ttee—,:ill CHAMBERLAIN has told us, in tearful cs' about the woes of the steel industry by keen competition with German and facteti,can steel. What; however, are the £1,4 We produce every year about fact ,"00,000 worth of iron and steel mann- utes, while our total imports of these goods h°ll,nt to no more than £15,000,000! Is it thiB:ible for any thinking person to argue that enormous home output is in danger of tii:g swamped by the comparatively small itll,;(l,lt,itY of goods which we purchase from ovo-;:au• ? What Protectionists forget, more- is that the bulk of these purchases are t4taanufactured material, which is brought eth ngland and converted into machinery and VVert products and disposed of at a profit. itne they to have their way and forbid the Lbc)rtation of this class of goods the mann- toltute. era of the primary product at home might a passing benefit, but the vast and aseZt industries to which the ability to 'tilero cheap raw material is the breath of 'dm!. existence would speedily languish and lion,e• Nor is it true that these irnporta- of Indicate any failing energy on the part het?, steel trade. If British steel menu- had no faith in the future of this industry we should not find them spend- loll vast sums on building new works and kli:°_,ving existing plant. Yet we find that Sir trihel Hickman is laying out 50,000 in liti(iFing up to date his works in the 11j'411(18, while Sir Christopher Furness and eree,a,ssociates are laying out a vast sum in to bumg at Cargo Fleet steel works which are 8 the most efficient in Great Britain.

t %eat Engineering Industry. trow.u.,T, most significant of all is the constant tle„ in those great industries which are provendent upon cheap iron and steel for their 15Perity. Take, for instance, the engineer- tqr. industry. The advance of. this trade 1-,411112; late years has been simply marvellous. pr,vr. by year it displays an increase upon the to 'Gus year. Let anyone ponder over the. 40vving figures:

Exports of British Machinery.

Annual average. 1850-4 .. 1860-4 .. R .. 1870-4 . • • • :: 44,4,7762;000" •• • • 18804 .. • • • . • • 7,854,000 • 18904 • • • • .. 11,082,000 • • . 14,257,000 •• • • 11 44°4'3 ( t.l.lree years average) 18,729,000 ‘vialt even these figures were exceeded last year, tittl our exports of machinery bounded up to tiii total of £20,058,000, and of this only two- tol.(l,Blrere sent to foreign countries. Finally, ito hew the woeful plight of this great y4l4Btry, the export figures for the current 44 l'ltare at the rate of no less than £21,500,000. 14 'lr. Chamberlain would say, "Let us not eP for it." at 1, t :the Foreigner is Doing. ttlt,ll's wonderful growth of the engineering e,ttLeans the employment of thousands of itatue" 'Workers remunerated at the highest q,is -;,.(3f pay. While the foreigner develops 'llitti:c% and steel trades, which employ 4 q •Y lSkilled labour, the Free-Trade policy teat Britain enables us to take this cheap build upon that basis an industry of ,711.11,41.11 °r,e profitable kind. Nothing shows more illinow the German engineering trade has ecu from the policy of the Steel '414 t ate in " dumping " cheap steel abroad tltill„,he annual reports of the leading under- ;l,s:::ist.ii The list of concerns which worked in "41, a' a loss is eloquently suggestive of the Y condition of the industry. As .cora- -41;(I 't, With our own, the foreign machinery - tßineerin g industry is simply nowhere, t knowing figures show:

Exports of Machinery. From Germany. From the United States. ItlAs6°- £ll 400 000 .... £11,559,000 I 19-vO2l 10,(1;03,000 10,378,000 li 1503 9"8)000 .• : : • 9,748,000. 10,664,000 115 on 4,111 ;t4,110 Un'e t d States sent us locomotives 1-00 , but in 1901 the amount 4:37,400, and none have baen imported °/Ih"Y ih SiMilarly in the case of boot and shoe In 1900 the Americans sent us n quantiti es of this plant. They toemi ies o t 1,4011 lig very little now: for the sufficient tosltika 4at we are making our ' o and ti4ll)st,llT cheap iron we can, except in regard 1:44 'ecl machinery, easily hold our own in Goddard's Plate Powder rn -LCleaning Silver.ElectroPliktek everywhere* 2k. ittx

===== 0002601_19040625_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19040625_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
de..soormsessb. . _ - _

WARRINGTON FOOTBALL ASSOCIATION Last Season's Work.—The Annual Meeting

Mr. J. Harvey presided at the ann oil meeting of the Warrington and District Football Association which was held at the Patten Arms Hotel on Thursday evening.

THE SECRETARY'S REPORT.

The SECRETARY (Mr. T. P. Bradshaw) presented the annual report as follows : The Association last season was divided into fou divisions and the number of Clubs in each division was as follows: Warrington 19, Cheshire seven, St. Helens seven, and Widnes three, making total of 36 clubs, against 28 the previous season, an ncrease in member- ship of eight clubs. Out of that nmber 18 entered for the " Observer " Challenge Cup as against 16 the previous season. This Competition though not so successful financially as last year on account of the wet weather, proved to be a great source of attraction to the followers of the Association game, the matches being well fought, particularly in the Semi Final and Final Ties. The attendance of the members of the executive has been excellent and they deserve special praise for the way in which they have discharged their duties during the past season. I have again to refer to the great number of misconduct cases dealt with during the past season, which easily beats last season's record, 74 cases having bc3n dealt with. Two cases were dismissed, one, sending off the field considered sufficient punish- ment, four players were cautioned, 15 received seven days' susransion, 30 fourteen days, five one month, two six weeks, two end of season, 10 pending appearance, one player is under suspension until 30th of September next, a second player until 17th Septembbr, and a third until 14th September. One case was referred to the Army Football Council, end two cases were referred to us by other associations. In addition to above one linesman was cautioned. one club was suspended for fourteen days, two clubs were cautioned as to conduct of spectators, one club was ordered to have ground posted with notices, one club was cautioned for unsatisfactory way the minute book had been kept, one club was cautioned for unsatis- factory state of the cash book and failing to keep a minute book, and one club was fined for playing a man during his term of suspension. In the " Observer" Cup Competition one club was ruled out of the competition one match was ordered to be replayed for breach of rules, nine clubs were fined for late start, two clubs were fin c 1 for failing to send in result of match asre- quired by rule 12. This, I think, you will agree is a formidable list and naturally incurred a great deal of time and expense. You will observe from the figures stated above that severe sentences have in most cases been imposed,without the desired effect, but I trust that next season will in this respect show a vast improve- ment. Otherwise to cope with the difficulty, I am afraid that the closing of one or two grounds in the district must follow, as in the majority of cases the spectators are responsible for the conduct of the players, encomaging them time after time to defy the rulings of the referee, end it remains for the Committee of the Clubs in the district to help ' us in this resTect toi keep aheir spectators in hand, failing which, the measures before mentioned, will have to be put into effect. In my opinion the work of the Association could be made much lighter if the club secretaries would make themselves thoroughly acquainted with the laws of the game as revised up to date, and to acquaint their players of the various alterations and to dispense with the services of any player guilty of re- peated misconduct. The refereeing in the district is far from satisfactory e-ni this is a matter that will require careful consideration in the near future. At the com- mencement of the season the Referees Committee arranged for a series of lectures for the benefit of the referees, but advantage was not taken of the oppor- tunity afforded of gaining experience from well known and efficient referees and the lectures had to be discon- tinued. Financially, as you will see from the balance sheet, notwithstanding the deficit in the Cup Tie rem iptl as compared with the previous season, we are in a sound position, having a balence in hand of £6 s. 7d., and should we be more fortunate in our Cup Ties next season, we anticipate a handsome balance. The work of the Association is increasing year by year and the management expenses must increase accord- ingly. Mr. J. Fulton Smith, a gentleman well known and esteemed in the town, is nominated for the position of President and I have the assurance of Mr. Smith that if elected, he will do all in his power for the success of the game and I feel confident that the meeting will unanimously elect him to that position. The officers are all proposed for re-election, but I regret to inform you that Mr. Harvey cannot see his way to again accept office, through circumstances over which he has no con- trol, and asks to be relieved of that responsible position. Mr. Harvey has been Chairman of the Association for the past three seasons and during that period has shewn great tact and ability in handling the business of the Association.

On the motion of Mr. W. H. SMALLEY, seconded by Mr. T. P. FORBES, the report and accounts were adopted.

ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

The CHAIRMAN said that at the last meeting of the Executive Committee it was decided to ask Mr. J. Fulton Smith to become president of the association. Mr. Smith had written intimating that if the general meeting decided to appoint him, he would endeavour to support the association to the best of his ability. The chairman proposed that Mr. Smith be elected president for the coming year,and pointed out that he had already showed his interest in the game locally by presenting the cup after one of the final ties. They ought to feel proud that Mr. Smith had consented to occupy the position.

On the motion of Mr. SMALLEY seconded by Mr. BIBBY, Quarter-Master Sergeant J. P. Hollins, of the King's Regiment, was elected chairman. In returning thanks Quarter-Master Sergeant HOLLINS said that the clubs represented on the association covered a large area,and as he was only elected a member of the executive last year, he appreciated the honour very much.He believed he was the first soldier chairman of the association—and that fact would be appreciated not only by himself but by • the military. His heart and soul was in association football,and he would do all he could for its advancement in the district. Mr. T. P. BRADSHAW was re-elected secretary, and Mr. R. Hinds treasurer. The following were appointed members of the Executive Committee :—Warrington division, Messrs. W. H. Smalley, Arthur Titmoss, G. T. Bibby, J. Banks, and F. Foulkes: Cheshire divisiot, Mr. R. P. Booth. The appointment of representatives for St. Helens, Widnes, and Earlestown was left in the hands of the Executive Committee. Messrs. Bibby and Smalley were appointed auditors. The CHAIRMAN alluded to the strong hold which Rugby football had in Warrington, but pointed out that much enthusiasm was now being manifested in the. Association game. He hoped they would eventually be able to form a good Warrington team. A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Harvey for his three years' services as chairman, and he was elected a vice-president. The secretary and treasurer, and press representatives were also thanked. • The SECRETARY remarked that the association was working harmoniously with all the associations in the district. He thought the time was not far distant when they wotild have to appoint a new secretary, but during the coining season—which he hoped would be very uccessful—he would endeavour to discharge his duties aithfully.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Fatal Trap Accident.

Mr. S. Brighouse, County Coroner, held anlinquest at the Police Station on Monday evening touching th(3' death of Mrs. Evelyn Constance Stanl4y Smith, aged 33, wife of Mr. Stanley Smith, wine and spirit merchant, Heath House, Croft.—Richard Stanley, coachman at Heath House, stated that at 10.30 on j Friday morning last week he left Croft driving a' single horse attached to a dog cart in which were seated the deceased and another lady. When passing ' under the Central Station bridge the horse slipped,and the occupants of the vehicle were thrown to the ground. Deceased was so seriously.hurt that she was at once removed to the Infirmary. Witness had driven the horse in question about twelve months and had been in the service of Mr. Smith for three years. He thought in the first instance the horse was startled by a passing train,^and then seemed to have lost its head. —lnspector Taylor said he witnessed the accident. The horse appeared to plunge and fall down. A train was passing over the bridge at the time. Deceased was thrown out of the vehicle and fell in front of the horse. Witness rendered first aid, and Mrs. Smith was removed to the Infirmary.—Nui se Dobson said deceased was admitted to the institution suffering from a fractured skull. She never regained consciousness and died early on Monday rnorning.—The Coroner said Detective Barlow informed him that Mr. Smith was so overwhelmed with grief at the loss of his wife, that he (Mr. Brighouse) came io the conclusion that no useful purpose could be served by bringing him to the inquest and adding to his sufferings.--A verdict of " Accidental death " was returned, and the Coroner I and jury expressed deep sympathy with Mr. Smith in I his very sad bereavement.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
PIGEON STEALING AT WIDNES,

At Widnes, on Monday,Thomas Cassidy,2l, Catherine- street, was charged with stealing two pigeons from a stall in the Widnes Market Hall, the •property of Charlotte Jane Hoose. Superintendent Strickland said that Mrs. Hoose kept a poultry stall in the Market Hall. While her son was in charge of the stall prisoner opened a cage, took out two pigeons, and handed them to a boy, who ran away with them. Information was given to the police, and Police-constable, Davidson brought prisoner to the Police Station. When charged he said, "I did not steal any pigeons." Evidence was given by Harold Hoose and Police-constable Davidson, and a fine of 10s. and costs or fourteen days was inflicted.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 25, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BALFOUR CUP.

Won "ay Dr. Peacocke, of Warrington.

THREE PLAYERS TIE.

Our readers will be pleased to hear that the honour of winning the Balfour Golf Challenge Cup at Timperley, on Saturday, fell to Dr. W. J. Peacocke, a popular mem- ber of the newly-formed Warrington Club and of the Mersey Golf Club. ! The doctor tied with two others—C. Anderton, of Timperley, and W. Mowat, of Didsbury—and had to play off an extra nine holes. Curiously enough all three men were on the same mark—receiving six strokes, the handicap limit being seven. Dr. Peacocke's win was a popular one, for it was only by a piece of outrageously bad luck that he missed romping home with flying • colours in the first place. With the exception of a seven at the rather long second hole he played splendidly out and in until he reached the penultimate hole. He had then a gross score of only 74 against " bogey " 72 for the sixteen. The seventeenth hole is a fairly short one, and not by any means difficult, but Dr. Peacocke got badly bunkered, and before he had holed out eight strokes were down on his card, the hole being a " bogey "four. The eighteenth hole he did in three, making his gross score 85,- and net 79. His card read 5 7 4 3 4 3 5 5 5-41 4 5 6 6 5 4 3 8 3-44 85-6-79 ' Mr. Anderton played almost equally good golf, after an exceedingly bad start. For the first two holes he had recorded the unpromising total of 15. He appeared to be rather nervous at the start, but he pulled himself together afterwards, and returned a card reading :

8 7 $ 4' 5 4 4 5 6-45 3 4 6 5 5 5 5 4 3-40

85-6-79

These scores headed the list for a long time, though there were several better gross returns, until Mr. Mowat joined the pair with :- 4 4 5 5 5 4 4 5 5-41 435756 4 5 5 Ii

85-6-79

When all the other players were in, and it was seen that 79 had not been beaten' the trio started out to play a three ball deciding match over the first nine holes. Mowat began very badly. His first drive went out of bounds and he had to take another. On the way to the green there is a hedge, a ditch, and a belt of trees. Here again he got into difficulties, so that he had to drop a ball, and took seven to hole out. Anderton made a splendid start, and took the first three holes in 12, one better than "bogey," and two better than Dr. Peacocke, but the latter caught him at the fourth—where Anderton played badly on the green —and gained a stroke each on the fifth and sixth. On the seventh Anderton went to pieces, drove out of bounds, and afterwards got bunkered. With a lead of six at the ninth, Dr. Peacocke could afford to play badly, and he did. He missed a couple of putts, and took seven to hole out, three more than are allowed to "the Colonel." And still he won by 5 strokes.

The tie scores Were:— • Peacocke 5 5 4 4 4 4 4 5 7-42 Anderton 4 5 3 6 5 5 7 6 6-47 Mowat 7536 5 5 4 8 6-49

Perhaps one of the most significant features of the day's results was the thorough way in which the scores justified the handicapping. Following upon the three 79's were six 80's, seven 81's three 82's, thirteen 83's ten 84's, thirteen 85's, and so on. Six out of the seven previous winners were playing, but with the exception of Mr. Clegg, they did not dis- tinguish themselves. Last year's winner, F. Marsh, of Didsbury, did very well, with a gross score of 82. A. Ramm, Manchester, and H. Naylor, Timperley, were each 85, A. G. Hogg. Manchester, scored 86, and S. W. Gillett, Bowdon, did not return his card.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
1 OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

I Sharp-street Primitive Methodist Mission. A sale of work was opened in Sharp-street Primitive Methodist Mission on • Tuesday afternoon with a view to augmenting the renovation fund. The opening ceremony was performed by Mrs. Armitage and Miss Bessie Dutton, and in the absence of Councillor James Evans, tke Rev. J. G. Reed presided. There was a fairly large attendance. During the aftennoon Miss Bridge sang "Dear Heart," being accompanied on the piano by Mr. B. Podmore. The stalls, five in number, were pre- sided over by Mesdames Wildman, Carrick, Meachim, Brown, Grady, Elwell, and Shaw.

New Roman Catholic Church. Sunday witnessed an event of considerable interest , to Roman Catholics in Warrington' the Right Rev. 'the • Abbot of Ampleforth (Father J. 0. Smith, Ph. D., • 0.5.8.) opening the new church of St. Benedict which has been erected in Orford-lane at a cost of £9OO. The ' church is a corrugated iron structure, situated behind the schools in Orford-lane and with a means of approach from Earle-street and Watkin-street. It will accom- modate about 500 worshippers. The interior is well • arranged, though nothing has been done in the way of decoration as yet. The choir are accommodated on a raised dais at the end of the church. All the seating and woodwork is of pitch pine. Prior to mama on Sunday, a procession, headed by the crossbearer and clergy, followed by the choir, started from the schools and walked in procession round the ehurch, the hymn "Come, Holy Ghost," and "The Asperges," being sung, the Abbot sprinkling holy water on the building. Having completed the circuit the procession entered the church by the main door and went up to the high altar where the Litany of the saints was • sung. While psalms were being recited the procession proceeded round the interior, the Abbot again sprink- ling the holy water. A fair congregation had assembled and the service proper began. The mass was sung by , the Abbot, who was attended by the Revs. Fathers N. V. Wilson, 0.5.8. (assistant priest), T. 0. Swarbreek, 0.5.8. (deacon), R. B. Primavesi, 0.5.8. (sub-deacon), and J. B. Gibbons, 0.5.8. (master of ceremonies). The Rev. J. W. Baines who will have charge of the church was also present. The sermon was preached by the Bey.R. ii. Annacker, S. J., of St. Francis Xaviers, Liverpool, who took as his text, ' For the expectation ol the creature waiteth for the revelation of the sons of God." Special music was rendered by the joint chair from St. Alban 's and St. Mary's churches,Mr. Eckersley conducting. Mr. J. B. Caldwell presided at the organ. In the evening the Sacred Heart service was sung, Father Swarbreck officiating. The Right Rev. the Abbot preached. The choir again rendered special hymns, and the" Te Down" was sung during Benedic- tion, which was given by the Abbot.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

SACRED HEA.RT V. CATHOLIC A,SOCIATION.—PIayed at the Sacred Heart Catholic Club, on Saturday. Score :

SACRED HEART. CATHOLIC ASSOCIATION. P. J. George (capt) lOO D. Walsh (capt) 741 F. Corless _

5.-. Gibbins 55 F. Gibbons lOO E. Crank 92 J. Durkin 100 C. Manning C. Mounfield 92 P. Gilooley 100 M. Connor 100 J. Gallaghel

J. Melia _ 95 T Healey 100 J. Rossiter 67 G. Dolan 100 P. Hope 59 T. Hughes lOO

A STARTLING PROOF OF DARWIN'S THEORY. A German test made not long ago is claimed to dis- tinguish human blood with absolute certainty from the blood stains of do gs. cats, fowls and other animals. Applying the test to an Egyptian mummy 5,000 years old, and the remains of a pre-Christian Greek, Professor Hausemann, of Berlin, has obtained the same results as with recent blood, and he finds, moreover, that the blood of the anthropoid apes gives precisely the re- action of that of mankind of all ages.

"In the organism of man as in that of ;all the higher animals, the materials for the nutrition of every portion of the structure are supplied by the Blood. If the blood is diseased the body is diseased " Clarke's World famed Blood lffixtuse "is It guarantee', cure for Blood and Nein Diseases. It is the most searching blood cleanser ever dim:merest and will free the system from all impurities Isom whatever cause asking. For armful*. Scurvy. Hosemn. Bad Legs, Pimples and Beres of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands testimonials. sold everywhere at 2s 9d per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.—Advt. 7. OLARKB'd B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional discharges from tbe , Urinary Organs, Gravel laud Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Bstablished-upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4., 6d ' each, of all chemists and Patent Mediline Vendors through- out the world. or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln.— Advt., TIABIZIIun I—Ton TSB TEETH AND BRICATIL—TboroughIY cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities. hardens the gums, prevents tartar; stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid. or Is. per jar for the Floriline " Powder," of all chemists and Perfumers,— Advt. VALUABLE WinovisY JYB TEI TIAIB.—If your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the Mammas HAIR ii/INXWX/I, for it will positively rtstore. in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as Dromoting the growtn. Price 3s. Rd. rer bottle.--au...

To MOTHERS.—Mrs. WineLow's Foothing ayrup wt. oeen need for over fifty years by millions of-mothers for their chil- dren while teething.with perfect success. It will relieve thm poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produees natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." all Chemists is. per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
IBLAIR'S GOUT AND 'RHEUMATIC PILLS

A LOTION MAY TEMPORARILY SOOTFIE,BUT A BLAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC. PILL goes to the root of the mischief, and is really the only true remedy for

Gout, Rheumatism, Sciatica, and Lumbago. All Chemists and Stores at Is. lA. and 2s.9d.per box.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Obtainable from the Principal Drapers and Ladies' Outfitters, but if any difficulty in procuring, write for name of nearest Agent.

Insist on having the J.B. Side-Spring Corset—THE Best. _ IMPORTANT.—The WEAR of every J.B. Corset is ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED by the Sole Manufacturer—

J. S. BLAIR, Great Ancoats Street, Manchester.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

•

E

E

C

• tOt,,'

~: ji.,

M

. 4, : Nil . .1, • !

I

4: •

L

S

S

- - ~ - • ;:.4 - ..' ' - • . ' I ~ , ' • 4., A 14 . 1:::i V. 001,;:•., . , . ' ' '..k - '''' "c; - - \ \w„N,,,s.z.‘,. •\ , „,,,,•\ ..,,,,N,,,,k•lvx, , ••••••••4•1..../...7 7,7,,,,,,X,',12:77,42.7 ~,,, / ~....„„ , 4 . , ~,r, A. • . v e r y s A• -4. i'....k... 414 .„ - ...,...; i ''".sci: i -e'eti(l,l ,i - ti ~ ,7 /%4.7.-:,:',',';'4'f: ..... :87-., -.:.. .%., 1 ,- 1 ~-,. s-,,,„ ~,,, ... -,,,,,,, ~;, ~,,,4,,7....,x.. ,/ , ,/,,,. .. . k,, .., ~.. .... , ".. •" ,- ~. . ...,-, v's. ~ , ph -; / /I , , .A.' +:^ A', 4':- \'. \\•` \ . ' \ , . ~. ;if :- ti-• %.' \ ' . \• . , ~:,, . \ ''•,'N \-,,,,•:, ~... \ / 40 e...,:, _,:-.-- .-N . . ~ . \,. / • • . , ._ ~ _...,. . _ L . , I I : , . ,' • : , ~:3 J;:' il i: s ! • .. ---- ,It •,.\•:.,, ~,,‘: . . ' . 3 /.',/ . • ). r ' •`'..\:, . ~/ ,// ,/ • - • \ ..-. , ,4', ~ ..., '' ' ' • ,ss*i'i;', -,l'' :1. • ... . . : For HEALTH! COMFORT! ELEGANCE! For HEALTH! COMFORT! ELEGANCE! D ~ ....., ..... . .. It.. '-\:•Nt ..„ :- . Constructed in accordance with physiological . .t.,,7 . principles, give no undue pressure, but yield to the , g.. 4: movements of the body, and the side supports are . . • unbreakable. Modelled in different shapes to suit various types • of figures, they yield a most graceful and rounded appearance. .- ~:,,i, PRICES. , I , s 4 ( ' • 4 _ • ... - , _

" . , .

===== 0002601_19040625_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
HSTABLI SHED 1845

SOLICITED,

Poss,ss the following qnalities in a high degree They STREN9THEN the STOMACH They REGULATE the BOWELS They PURIFY and ENRICH the BLOOD They give TONE to the whole NERVOUS SYSTE

BEECHAM'S PILLS containbutdarrueg mietallicorigin, -- beneficent and sure.

They will restore you to health if you give them a chance.

BEECHAM'S PILLS have ever enjoyed the confidence of Ladies for the ailments peculiar to their sex.

Sold Everywhere In Boxes, price Is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. (168 Pills) with lull d/rections

TIILIIPHONE 1123.

IBANKSRS LLOYD'S.

INVITED.

C.ORRESPONDENCR

PITTS'S RENOWNED I-lOUS ES OF Ft) RNITU RE

At 15/, 22/, 28/, 38/, 60, 75, 100, 2C03 up to 3,000 Guineas are the embodiment of everything that is 11X- CIILLIINT and NHCBSSAta for the embellishment of the home. They are incomparebly SUPBRIUR IN

VALITH A APPEARANCL to other*. Particulars and

FIT rs's ILLusTRA,THD FURNISHISG GUIDE containing 800 artistic designs priced at about TIALF

usual tigutes GRATIS AND POST FRB.

PITTS'S MODEL FURNISHED HOUSE

is always on view. It comprises Dining, Drawing, Three Bedrooms. Kitchen and Scullery furnished through- out, everything QUITS NEIVI for 2do guineas. ALSO THIRTBEIN SPBOISIHN FURNISHRD BOOMS at from 7 to 125 guineas each, are marvels at the price.

PHOTOS AND PRICED DETAILS POST FEBB.

PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

- - Bnglish and Foreign Picture Frames. Bvery requisite for the trade. Regi[ding 1 Speciality. Largest stook of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTHRN BOOK. 160 Inge*. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. IMPORTER OF GLASS. GLASS STOCK LISTS FREI; ON APPLICATIOk.

_ H. MORELL. 177 ilB GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, mum, W.C. ' Warehouses : 11, 12 and 13, Neal's lfarl, and 41, Neal Street, (in the rear). 7elegraphlo Address: —" Rabbitry. London." . Telephone 6135 Central

• 1 , y t ..AA • ..,P .... I . ' - ..... .. • • . , • ..... , ,_ PATRONISED RN' R1:0Y-Awtkpe 1 .!... !T r. 6‘c.s.:, \ . ~N•s; :„,....,,..„ ' ~.;:. ' 5:2::',::::,,,' ,:. :: :: 1 ..1 J I 1 tit f !rt- i '4 1.1 ..,:i ,_ 1 .m ' -...,-.,_ :isili • .-,.. b.. ~...._ ...„.4 r..,,_ ~ _,:,., ;:,,,..,,$, AL•,,, *,,,,,• ...., ---,-,-,--, .::, -,.. :u. ~,,,••._,,,.,•,..,...., 1 -..--,.;1"-J -:,-,-- . ,k ... „,,, ...., . ...-...1 , , . • ,• <„,,,, .. • • , ~...... . i ~.,,...,_.-..., ... >, , ~,-' 1 .. ..,.•,...,,„?, t ' ~,,,,,,.e7,'"-: . 4:1 , ,--- -::.-.--.-.-.,• .it II lc' I IL::: • 4.1.'4 '------ BE 5 T ANDIA-CESTISILOcK ~I‘, \v-RE PRO VI IstCES, , .„ ..7

===== 0002601_19040625_art0102.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
INSPHCTION

===== 0002601_19040625_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
pi -:

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESONOENTS.

Autfnors of letters intended forrtblicationmust nall cases send their names and addrenvas to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
The Next Alderman.

Sir,—l should liketo know whether it is a Int that at a picnic of Tory workers on Saturday at Sonthport,the Aldermanic vacancy was discussed—and filled. it is rumoured that the Conservative choice fell upon Coun- cillor Forshavv ! What about the claims of men like Councillor John Evans (also a Conservative) and Coun- cillor Tinnion ? With due respect to Councillor Forshaw I am unable to see why, he should receive the Conservative nomination for the vacancy. Perhaps the rumour is no more than a rumour. In any case the choice of the Conservative workers does not necessarily settle the question.—Yours etc. Warrington. JUSTICE.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
The Death Rate —Closing of the Schools.

Sir,--At the meeting of the Education Committee held on Monday evening, a long discussion took place as to the cause of the amount of sickness amongst children, and whether it would be advisable to close all the day schools. I will not at present go into the pros and cons of what is the cause. but asso much rests on the shoulders and advice of one man (our Medical Officer of Health) I should like to know from the other medical men of our town what their opinion is as to the cause of so much sickness.. So important a step as closing the schools and compelling thousands of children to run the streets should not rest on the shoulders of one man. My strong opinion is that the remedy is not with the closing of schools, but from other causes not far to seek, and can easily be traced, but in all due deference medical opinion first —Yours Stc., ONE •OF THE EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
An Apology Required.

Sir,—Your correspondent, Mr. Joseph Podmore, junior, president of the Trades and Labour Council has again been unfortunate in his "seeming suddenness "as shown by his letter in the "Examiner" of Saturday last. Re commences his effusion by stating that a remark of mine is not true. I notice in reading the report of the Trades and Labour Council in the same Issue of your paper that he called someone else "a liar." That offensive expression is evidentlya figure of speech -with him.

Personally, I do not deviate from the position I have taken up, and emphasize the veracity of my statement, viz., that the reply I received to my question," How is it that you cannot accept a Progressive like Mr. Cros- Seld ?" as "that Mr. Arthur Crosfieldwas not a Trade 47nionist." Mr. Podmore also went on to say that Mr. Crodfield was not a member of any of the societies affiliated with the Labour Representation Committee. If he does tvot know already who stated that "there is not a good Capitalist "—he ought to know,considering he was there when it was made.—Perhaps he will be good enough to ask the "irresponsible member" who recently occupied the chair at one of the T.L.P. meet- ings held at Bridge Foot, and who cried it out in the Parr Hail a few Sundays ago. It is certainly unfortun- ate that such a silly remark should be attributed to the President of the Trades and Labour Council. However, Mr. Podmore knows full well who made it, and it is a piece ofjugglery on his part to endeavour to inveigle me into stating that I " implited " it to him.—Yours truly,

EDMUND OSBORNE.

29, Lovely-lane. Warrington, Jane 22, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
The Poor Children's Camp.

Sir,—Dn Wednesday last I read a. report of the work of the Education Committee of this County Borough. That report shewed the position with regard to the heal th of the poorchildren. On the details I refrain from commenting. Years ago the Town Council adopted the principle of "Open Air Baths." 'Where are they? Recrimination and mutual distrust have flourished laxuriantly. Is there not room for human sympathy and "goodwill towards men." Show by your practical assistance that the influence of the example of the "Man of Sorrows "is still a living force. At night I was reading a work which it had long been my desire to read, "The life of Jesus" by that great Frenchman, Erneat, lifinan. Reading the chapter entitled "The place of Jesus in the history of the world," I could not help thinking, Where is the place of Jesus in 'the hearts ef Plea? The times are not, flourishing I admit. Should these considerations stay our hands in well doing ! Having regard to the Sanitary condition of the County Borough! To every other condition which should commend itself to the consideration of those who have the welfare of the poor children at heart, I trust that the scheme fortheir benefit will not suffer through lack of appreciation. Remember! From these children must come the toilers of the future, the lighters, the very backbone of the nation's vitality and greatness. Then please lend a hand in a work which must commend itself to your consideration. The same staff who cave their services last year have volunteered again—two 'tidies and four gentlemen Every care will be taken that money is not wasted.—Yours Szc., W. H. J. JENRINS, Hon. Sec.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
The Social Question.

Sir,—Your correspondent "—One Interested " has written two interesting letters on the" Social Brother- hood Idea." With much that he says Tam in entire agree- ment and if only he will enlarge the circle of his reason or at any rate refrain from narrowing that of others he will I am certain prove not onlya welcome but a worthy addition to our ranks. Like yourself Sir, he fights shy of our declaration of principle, "the re-adjustment Of the present -social order " and likewise is unable to supply a berttei. I venture to suggest that future cor- respondents save their time and your space by leaving that part of our programme severely alone unless they are in a position to substitute something better. I do not wish your correspondents to imagine that I resent criticism. I do not, in fact I welcome it. When an idea assumes great importance for a man his devotion to that idea is apt to hinder him from perceiving all that his idea has worked in the minds of others and on that account criticism is of immense value. At the same time his critics must bear in mind that possibly they have failed to track the thought which they believe themselves to be criticising. However in your next issue, if not in this, I hope to be able to place before your readers a copy of our constitution and I hope that until that appears "One Interested" will excuse a very busy and an extremely tired man if he withholds what some may deem necessary information. Permit me however to make a personal explanation. Your correspondent wishes to know why I publicly- identified myself with the Liberal party. Before reply- ing to that question mayl ask another? Is it not an Indisputable fact that the man who stands aloof from all political parties, however conscientiously, must face the risk of political impotence? I believe that it is; hence I have identified myself with that party because no other political organization is broad enough to in- clude me in its ranks. If this statement is challenged I am prepared to give chapter and verse. Meanwhile I com- mend the movement just initiated to the consideration of all who are engaged or desire to be engaged in varied forms of service for thewell being of the people.—Yours sincerely

Sir,—To 14 Free Critic " I give my best thaaks for the, 'friendly and courteous reply to my few remarks on his first article on the above subject. With reference to my friend's reply concerning the question of God and the Social Problem he will remember that I distinctly, pointed out thst the Brotherhood or Social Service League will have nothing to do with religion or theology as such, and seeing that it is in connection with Otis Social Service League we both write on this subject and taking into consideration also that both Christians and Non-Christians are to meet under the, banner of the League it worild, I 'think, be as well, and lam sure my friend will agree, that all reference to God be left out of his articles in fairness to those who, like myseli, take an interest in these things and are anxious to do some little to make things better, but who, nevertheless, do not agree in matters of religion , with those with whom they work or are willing to work with. I am glad also of" Free Critic's "assurance that it is not his own party he is concerned about, but about the welfare of the people of Warrington. If this is so he and I are on the same platform, and the question between us is now only a question of method arid policy best calculated to attain the object we have in hand. And our object I presume is the better representation of the labouring classes,and through this,und in all other ways possible, to improve the position, conditions and surroundings, etc., of the common people as a whole. Now, if we are to improve our representation at the next election it is quite clear that the Liberal and Labour parties should come to some agreement in order to avoid a three-cornered fight—and disaster. Whether this agreement is possible lam not so sure. To tell the truth I think it is not possible if the rumours con- cerning the intentions of the Labour Party are at all well founded. And we must not forget that there will be more than this next election, and if Mr. Crosfield gets defeated this time (which is likely) what will be the position at the following election to the one forth- coming ? The position will be this, that the Labour Party will have lost the opportunity of testing their strength and improving their standing and will also as a consequence be much weaker when they come to con- test their first battle at that time. If Mr. Crosfield stands alone and represents the progressive vote of the town has he any chance of success at the approaching election? If he has and will remain true to the labour interests-then by all means let him stand. But if the probabilities are that he will not succeed then I see no harm in the Labour Party having a test of their strength, and indeed if this is so I think the Liberals ought to stand down and support the Labour candidate. The chief difficulty in the way of the Labour party will be the securing of a suitable candidate and it is a difficulty not easy of solution. Remember I do not close my eyes to the fact that if both Liberal and Labour candi- dates are in the field defeat to both is well nigh inevit- able, but I have no hesitation in saying (it may -seem strange no doubt) that many who vote Conservative when Liberal and Conservative are opposed will vote Labour when a Labour candidate appears. However we shall see what both parties are inclined to do,but whatever decision they do come to I 'hope ltlwill be in the best interests of the people and not of the parties merely. Again thanking" Free Critic" for the friendly tone of his article and hoping also that he will take this as from one who with him desires not self interest,or party compromise, but the betterment of the affairs and con- ditions of the people of this our town and through them in time to extend operations over a broader field and a wider area.—Yours ONE INTERESTED.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
NO COMPROMISE! Labour Representation Committee

Decline to Meet Liberals.

We have received the following communication from the Secretary of the Warrington Labour Representation Committee :

WA-R-R-I-IC-O-T-0-S LABOUR REPR.ESENTATION COMMITTEE. Dear Sir,—l have been instructed to forward to you a copy of a r.solution that was unanimously passed at a. meeting of the above committee held on Tuesday even- ing last, at which meeting, a letter from the Liberal Executive, asking us to receive a deputation, was read. RESOLUTIoN.

Inasmuch tliat the Rules and Constitution of this Committee strictly forbid any compromise or alliance with either of the two political parties, and recognising that our object is to form the Labour forces in Warrington into one united party; and also considering that our mem- bers hitherto have either been allied to or voted for the Conservative or Liberal parties, we consider it would not be permissible or wise for us to take any steps which would alienate any of our members from our Committee, which Committee is represen- tative of the necessity and rapidly growing Inten- tion of Labour, to be directly represented in Parlia- ment by a distinct and independent party, whose central policy shall be the Rights of Labour.— Yours truly, • 0. BUCKLEY. 3nne 23, 1904. IFor comments on the crisis in the Labour Party, and the revolt of Messrs. Crooks, Shackleton, and Henderson, see our leader columns.—ED. "Ea. 1

===== 0002601_19040625_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

Continued from page 3,

THE ELECTRIC LIGHT QUESTION.—A meeting of the Parishioners will be held in the Schoolroom on Monday to discuss the application of the Warring ton Corpora- tion for permission to supply electric light to the inhabitants of the district.

SUNDAY SCHOOL TREAT.—The scholars of the Bap- • tist Sunday School, Hill Cliffe, had •',their annual treat if on Monday, when the pastor and teachers and friends I took them to Foxley Hall Farm, Lymm. Altogether , about 200 made the journey. The drive to Lymni was , pleasant, and when the party reached the field, buns and I milk were distributed and sports and games set in mo- I.tion, while some of the party rambled through the vil- lage. At five o'clock tea was provided in the Baptist , Schoolroom' Higher lane, under the directions of Mrs. ! Hughes, Mrs. Jones, Miss Moss, Miss Dodd and others, after which a return was made to the geld where the •various classes were given prizes for racing. Before starting on the return journey the whole company assembled in the yard of Foxley Hall Farm and sang " Lead, kindly light, after • which, on the motion of Mr. E. Lloyd Jones, seconded by Mr. Joseph Moss. jun., and supported by Mr. Shenton a vote of thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Gould was submitted by the Rev. J. S. Hughes and carried with acclamation, three cheers being given as the party moved away. The journey home was much enjoyed and Stockton Heath was reached about 9.30. all having been delighted with their outing. Thanks and cheers were accorded to the following who had sent lurries and horses :—Messrs. JosenhlMoss, jun., William Moss, Septimns Moss, Messrs. W. and J. Strange, P. Cartwright and C. Hughes.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF ENDING JUNE 18th, 1904. I 'HERBERT DUNNICO. 1 'During the week, the following births and deaths ----- were registered :—Warrington Registration District Sir,—May Ibe allowed to express a few thoughts births, 44 • deaths, 22. Theexcess of births over deaths suggested 13p the letters on the Social Problem appear- was 22. The birth-rate was equal to 33.5. ing in your columns ? Although in the Rev. ' The death-rate from all causes was equal to 16.7 per Dunnico's letter on the formation of a Social Brother- 1,000, against 22•6 the average of the previous 4 weeks hood of last week, the words "Socialism," "Socialist," and against 14-7 the corresponding period of last year. are carefully guarded against, still it is very apparent The death-rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases from "'Social Brotherhood" that Socialism is the goal was equal to 6•0 per 1,000, against 22-6 the average rate aimed at. of the previous 4 weeks and against nil the correspond- Now, to many who may not understand, T ing period of 1903. should • just like to say that such a Brotherhood The ages of mortality were : as the "Social Service League' is already in 0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65—up. Total existence, with the same ideals in view, the 3 8 2 1 2 6 22 same principle and similar methods of procedure. The deaths included 1 from measles, 2 from scarlet The Socialists, unfortunately, are not organised fever, 4 from whooping cough,'l from erysipleas, 1 from as Socialists so-called in Warrington, but they are tubercular disease, 1 from lung diseases, 12 from all identical with the Independent Labour Party as the other causes. only Socialist organisation devoted to the cause of The following cases of infectious disease have been Labour and the workers. Their meetings, held each reported during -0.0 week :—Searlet fever, 1 case, Monday night in Corporation-street. are essentially a diptheria 1 case, erysipelas 5 cases. Social Brotherhood, taking in the spirit of good-fellow- Total number of patients in hospital, week ending ship, all measures for the national, municipal, educe- June 18th, 102. tional, recreative betterment of the "people" question- METEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 58 Fah., ing neither creed,sect or dogma of those who sympathise and therefore 1 deg higher than the preceding week. with them. Now I have heard the Rev- H. Dunnico The maximum temperature 72 F., was recorded on he and some of his 'supporters, declare themselves to be 12th inst, and the minimum temperature 44 F., onitite Socialists, he himself taking active part in their meet- 17th inst. ings. This being so then why do we find him working The rainfall measured *4B inch. The general direc- strenuously in the Liberal canse ? Is it possible tion was S.W. for a man to be a true Liberal and a true Socialist at one and the same time. It reminds one of the spirit underlying Mr. Dunnico's oft-time admonition from St. Luke: "No servant can serve two masters, for either he will hate the one and love the

J. GUEST GORNALL. Medical Officer of Health.

other, or else be will hold to the one and despise ihe- other. Ye cannot serve God and Mammon." Can he Northern Congregational School, Slicoates, serve two parties, or does the same principle not apnly Wakefield. in political affairs as in financial remit religion? But Our readers may remember that this school was perhaps there were no political complications when St. destroyed by fire in April Jast. The question of its Lukc laid down the law for all time. if aline Conserve- future as an institution has been. matter of most tives are a little broader, wore liberal-minded than anxious their confreres, do they, on that account, declare them- consideration by its Committee. At an selves to be Liberals and vet fight for the influential meeting of subscribers and friends held Conseivative cause? The Rev. H. Donnie° knqms full last Thursday, in the Metropole Hotel, Leeds, it was well that the progressive subjects suggested for the unanimously decided that arrangements should be "Social Service League," are the direct aim of Socialist made to re-open the school in temporary premises in propegenda. If, as he asserts, he is on their side, then why. onwnv stir up strife and opposition in a rival but September next. Also a-special representative corn- something similar. institution. I always thought it mittee was appointed to at once form a limited cern- was the prerogative of the church to " seek peace and pany to procure or provide new school premises, that persue it."not rivalry and antagonism. Is this new ven- shall be up to date in all matters, wherein the school tare a sign that she is rousing to her responsibilities? may be carried on under the principalship of Mr. J. I understand, from the notification of the first coin- A. Yonge, MA. Several promises were reported of 1 mittee meeting that this brave new foundling is to run generous offers to take shares in the new undertaking, a candidate and that he is to be subservient to the will and confidence was expressed of a speedy success in of the League. What say the population of Warring- ton ?—Yours sincerely, the scheme. P. IL

The Examiner, Saturday, June 25, 1904 EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

succeeded in passing the examination for Preparatory Pupil Teachers' Scholarships, arranged in order of merit:- 1 2 3 4 5 1 Winifred A. Brock 5 f Florence M. Lowe Ada West 8 9 10 • 11 ) 1-Ethel Shepherd 11 f *Gertrude E. Smith 13) Julia Sexton 13 Li 13) Margaret A. Cl. Asjiton 16 17 18 19 201 **Janet Dewar 201 Eliza Ball 22 23 *For one year only froo young. Bursary to be awarded Not eligible. Too old.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Results of the Union of Lancashire and Cheshire Institutes' Examination, 1904.

TECHNICAL INSTITUTE.

ARITHMETIC. WoincsitoPs.—FlßST CLASS, James Henry Carpenter, (Distinction-Bth place), Herbert Bradshaw, Joseph Lowe. Second Class, James Da intit n, William Evans, James George, Alfred Holloway, George Leevers, James William Rowland, Frederick Sackville West. Ernest Wilcock, Albert Wright. Passed, Row-- land Brett Ardern, John Henry Wildman, Joseph Wood ward. SENIOR COMMERC (AL: Passed, George Box. JUNIOR COMMERCIAL: First Class, Joseph Oxley. Second Class, Isaac Newton, Arthur Ewart Walker. Sydney Bertram Yeomans. Passed, Isaac Webster. ELEMENTARY: First Class, William Carter Ashton, Christopher Baxter, David Brown, James Horsfleld. Second Class, Fred Cobb, George Ward Lloyd, William Henry Tong% Thompson Turner. ENGLTSEI : COM M ERC lAL.—Passed, Herbert Brad- shaw. ELEMENTARY.—First Class, John Henry Wild- man, Mabel Elizabeth Pearce. Second Class, William Carter Ashton, Alfred Henry Austin, Christopher I Baxter, David Brown, George Holland, Edward Wake- field, Isaac Webster, George Winstanley, Albert Wright. FRENCH: LITERARY—Passed, Ina Carr, Janet M. Smith. COMMERCIAL.—Second Class, William G. Jackson. Passed; Martha M. Ward. INTERMEDIATE.— First Class, James Walsh. Second Class, Nellie Bayley, Margaret J. Dolan. Passed, Wilfred Rigby, Eva Hatton. ELEMENTARY.—Second Class, Alfred Legge, Clara Batty, Lily Miller, Mabel E. Pearce, Lily Skelland. Passed, John William Jolley, Amy Lilian Foster, Florence S. Miller, Ida M. Thompson, Kathleen E. White. _

GERMAN: LITER ARV. —Second Class, Julia E. Dreher. INTERMEDIATE. Second Class, Alfred Darbyshire. SPANISH: ELEMENTARY.—First Class, Fred Ash- croft, Arthur Keenan. ELEM ENTAR Y.—Passed, John William Jolley, Frederick Thomas Light, Thomas Miles. LATIN: ELEMENTARY.—Second Class, John Daniel Cannel!, Joseph Lee. Passed, Fred Ashcroft. BOOK-KEEPING: ADVANCED.—First Class, Her- bert Greene. Second Class, Charles S. Barlow, Bertram D. Hallett, Stanley C. Rathbone. INTERMEDIATE. First Class,Alfred Range. Second Class,Harold Dutton, Lionel Fairclough, Alfred Ward Perris,Arthur Sinclair, John W. Welsby, Joseph Wilkinson, Charles Worthing- ton, Elsie M. Greenough, Sarah Healey,Annie Thatcher. Passed, Thomas S. Garnett, Bradford Kenvvorthy, James D. Wilson, Lily, Highlev. PRELIM INAR Y.—First Class, George Box, George Greaves, Leonard O'Briep, Richard Wilson, Charles Woods. Second Class, Richard T. Burrows, William Corlett, George Holland, William Kirkham, Henry Roden. John Scotson, Sydney B. Yeomans. Passed, Alfred E. Winter. SHORTHAND.—(Speed), 120 words a minute.— Richard Price, Margaret J. Dolan; 100 words a minute.—Simeon Bailey, Ernest Carpenter, Reginald 'N. • Swinton, Ina Carr, Annie Thatcher; 80 words a minute,—John Daintith, Herbert Davies, Percy Edwin Ford, Thomas Stanley Garnett, Thomas James Hop- kins. William Kay. Frederick J. Light, Arthur Sinclair, James A. Warburton, Phillip A. Woollacott, Annie Pownall ; 60 words a minute.—Percy Clarke, Wilfred Dwerryhouse, Harold Hawthorn, William Kirkham, Reginald D. Owen, Edwin Richardson, John Stanley Smith, Alfred S. Wildman, Clara Daintith, Constance Downing, Annie Ledsham, Florence Pemberton, Mary F. Woolham. (THEORY), ADVANCED.—Passed, Leo Placid Burrows, Lionel Fairclough, Peter Ireland Hill, Henry Roden, Summergill B. Wilde, Richard Wilson, George Winstanley, William K. Wood Lilly Skelland, Eva Wilkinson. Eveline Wood. ELEMENT AllY.—Passed, George Box, Harry Leese Clayton, Rymond Davenport, Leigh Essenhigh, George Holland, Arthur Holt, Stanley H. Jordan, Joseph Lawton, Benton Madeley, Harold Maybury, Leonard O'Brien, Thomas S. Pemberton, William Richardson, James Scott, Thomas Stringer, James D. Wilson, Charles Woods, Elizabeth Berry, Jennie Boswell, Ethel Bradshaw, Florence M. Dell, Jessie Farrar, Stella Hamilton, Sarah Healey, Lily Highley. WOODWORK: ADVANCED.—First Class, Sydney Massey, John E. Morgan. ELEMENTAR y.—Passed,Tom Hunt. WOOD-CARVING: ADVANCED.—Passed, Lionel Coombes. ELEMENTARY.—P4ssed, John Clarke. COOKERY: PRINCIPLES.—First Class, Margaret Taggart (Distinction). Elizabeth A. Lloyd, Muriel Tinsley. Mary Yarwood. Second Class, Eva Matilda Kirk, Evelyn Mather, Sarah Ann Taker. PR ACT IC AL.— First Class, Eva M. Kirk, Evelyn Mather, Sarah A. Taker, Muriel Tinsley, Mary Yarwood. Second Class, Elizabeth Ann Lloyd, Margaret Taggart. DRESSMAKING: ADVANCED.—First Class, Marie Rowland. Second Class, Lilian Allen, Maud Berry, Polly Garner, Jennie Johnson, Annie Roberts. ELE- MENTARY.—First Class. Agnes Parr. Second Class, Nellie Blackstock,AnnieE. Horobin,Annie Keenan,Edith L;nzard, Edith Reddish, Anastasia Sexton, Muriel , Tinsley, Grace H. Wallace. Passed,Catherine Grounds. '

===== 0002601_19040625_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENING CONTINUATION SCHOOLS.

FAIRFIELD (GirIs).—FRENCH: INTER-ME-DIATE. —Passed, Florence Lowe.—ELEM ENTA RY. Second Class, Annie Isabel Jackson.—Passed, Louisa Abbotts, Eva Lister, Dora Elizabeth Parsonage. DOMESTIC ECONOMY. First Class, Mary Griffith —Second Class, Annie Ball, Lily Brown, Margaret Fearnehough,Emily Maud Jones, Nellie Buckley Mellor, Nellie Shaw, Ada Smith.—Passed, Blanche May Ashton, Lizzie Ran, Nellie Carlisle, Gertrude Clayton, Mary Ann Feamehough, Margaret Kellv,Elizabeth Molyneaux Amy Profitt, Jane Sankey, Clara Sanson, Lucy Whitlow, Margaret Malone.

NgEDLEWORK. ELEMENTARY.—First Class, Annie 13all, Lizzie Ball, Elizabeth Bridge, Fanny Clarke, Gertrude Clayton, Alice Coupe, Mary Ann Fearnehough Jennie Gatley, Emily Maud Jones, Gertrude Jones, Margaret Malone, Elizabeth Molyneaux, Margaret Newton, Jane Sankey, Alice Annie Wilkinson, Ellen Wood. Second Class, Margaret Kelly. ENGLISH: ELEMENTARY.—Second Class, Jessie Cowan.

HEA VHSIDE : ARITHMETIC. JUNIOR COMMER- CTAL.—First Class, John Philip Hudson. Second Class, John Battersby, John Dalton Longshaw, John Wootton. Passed. Arthur Joliey, Thomas Smith. ELEMENTARY.— First Class, James Edward Marshall. Second Class, George Beaden, Walter Frederick Bennett, George Herbert *Buckley, Thomas dman, Thomas Jaokson, Henry James, Peter Marsh:Mmes Oxley, Arthur Sand- ford Percival, Christopher Vose, Sydney Wood, Henry Ward Beecher Wright. HAN DWRITTNG : PRELIMINARY . —First Class, Henry Cheney. Second Class, Sydney Thomas Ince, Arthur Sandford Percival, Henry Ward Beecher Wright. Passed. John Battersby, Stanley Inca, Christopher Vose, Harry Broadhurst.

SHORTHAND (Theory) : ADVANCED . Passed, Hubert Bloor, Joseph Bradshaw, John Philip Hudson, John Wootton. ELKAIENTARY.—James Gorman, Harry Mason. John Horace Smith.

WARRINGTON BRITISH: ARITHMETIC. SENIOR CO`MMERC'IAL.—PaSsed, Leonard O'Brien, Jonathan James Sisson. juxtoß CommEncrar...— First Class, William Banks, Albert Turton. James Deakin Wilson. Second Class, Thomas Robert Bibby, Edward. Bowers, William Dennett, Albert Char: es Hodgson, John Alfred Warburton, George Winstanley, John Paterson. Passed, Albert Corradine. Stanley Hanson Jordan, Stella Hamilton. ELEMENTARY. First Class, Charles McDonald Armstrong, Alfred Rather Baines, Stanley Bingham, Frederick Clare, John Joseph Cmgg, Alfred Edward Downing, Harry Fairbrother, Donald John Heckle, William Hines, Francis Herbert Jinks. Arthur Milne, John Peers, Harry Pitchford. Fred Platt, William Henry Rench. Alfred Rogers. Harold Sisson, Leslie Wallington. James Harry Warburton. John Wayvvell, William Webb, Joseph Welding, Harry Winter, Margaret Astley. Harriett Barnett, Lily Barton, Ma rgaretiFo rster,Cathe ri ne Grounds. Annie Holden,Annie Hunstone,A.Monks,Edith Reddish,Winifred Mabel Wood ELEMENTARY.—Second Class, Isaac Attwell, George Carman, James Edward Cartwright, William Alfred Chilton, Harry Rigby Cox, Frank Gardiner, John Garnett, Clement 'Hackney, Albert Hughes, George Kneeling. James Kenny,Thomas William Pearce,William Pepper, Henry Thomas Rowland, Herbert Shakeshaft, James Herbert Sha.keshaft, James Sudell, William Goulden 'White,John Wilding,Elizabeth Blackburn, Eva Bowcock. Sarah Hannah Dobson,Clara Emson, Margaret Gatley, Ann Gleave, Hetty Gleave, Gertrude Hill; Lucy Hill, Catherine Kilgallon, Mary Mannion, Clara Mason, Alice Taylor. Elsie Jones Throssell.

SHORTHAND (Theory) : ADVANCED. Passed, Winifred Mabel Wood. ELEMENTARY.—PASSed, Thomas Robert Bibby, Stanley Bingham, Thomas Leonard Buckley, Albert Corradine, Albert Charles Hodgson, Francis Herbert Jinks, William Henry Bench, Harry Warburton, John Alfred Warburton, Joseph Whitmore, Harry Winter.

COOKERY: PRlNClPLE.—Secondelass,Lily Barton,Ada Monks. Passed. Ann Gleave, Annie Hunstone, Catherine Kilgallon, Elsie Jones Thossell. PRACTICAL.—First Class. Lily Barton, Alice Elizabeth Dodd, Amelia .Tohn- son. Margaret Moran. Second Class, Blanch Ashbrook, Elizabeth Cartwright, Sarah Cox, Agnes Davies. Ann Gleave, Fletty Gleave, Ruth Greenwood, Ada Hiley, Gertrude Hill, Annie Hunstone, 'Catherine Kilgallon, Maggie McQuire, Ada Monks, Lilly Spink. Elsie Jones Throssell, Maggie Warburton, Ada Gertrude Williams. WARRINGTON PAROCHIAL : ARITHMETIC.— ELEMENTA RY.—First Class, Harold Richardson, George Dutton Taker, John Taylor. Second Class, Charles Henry Baldry. Stanley Edward Gleave, Arthnr James Gresty, William Hilson, John Robinson, War- burton.

HANDWRITING : PRELIM INA.RY. —First Class, Charles Henry Baldry. Second Class, Arthur James Grestv. Passed. Harold Richardson, John Robins.

SHORTHAND (Theory) : ELEMENTARV.—Passed. Charles Henry Baldry. Joseph Dixon, John Whitfield Gibbs. William .Wa rburton WYCLIFFE : ARTTEDIETIC . EIMIEVTA.RY. Second Class. Lucy Bennett.PhcebeJones.Mary Elizabeth Smith. Margaret Thomas, Catherine Whitfield. ENGLISH: ELESIENTARV.—Socond Class, Catherine Whitfield.

iio'lc ECONOMY: Passed, Catherine Whitfield.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
PUPIL TEACHERS' SCHOLARSHIPS.

The following is a list of candidates who lave

===== 0002601_19040625_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY WARRINGTONIANS DIE.

CAUSES OF THE HIGH DEATH RATE. -- Drink, Dirt and Slum Dwellings.

The high death rate of the Borough presents an opportunity for drawing attention to some of the causes which have led up to it. The suggestion of the Medical Officer of Health that all the public ele- mentary schools in the Borough should be closed with the:view of preventing the spread of infectious diseases amongst children can only be a precautionary measure, brought forward with the object of meeting the emergency which has arisen. The causes leading up to our present unsatisfactory position are deep-rooted. Measles and whooping cough are diseases peculiar to children of tender years, but we do not find the death rate in other towns jump- ing up to the topmost ring with such persistency as it has done in Warrington this year. How then are we to account for it? From what I have seen and been able to gather from those whose duty it is to go amongst the people—especially poor people—and see them in their homes, there is good reason to believe that drink and dirt and.sium dwellings are largely responsible for the prevalence of so much disease in the town.

• The home life is deteriorating under these evil influences and it is a source of wonder how some children are able to thrive at all. The increase of drunkenness amongst women is the saddest feature of the situation, and becomes the despair of all social reformers. The maudlin besotted.ness of some parents leads to a neglected home and the child- ren are the first to suffer. The National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children—the necessity for which is a disgrace to us as a civilised community—has brought some of the worst cases to light, but the fringe of the subject has merely been touched. Many children are being dragged up under the worst possible conditions. i Born n a noisome slum, amid dirt and smells, where fresh air and light penetrate under difficulties, many of the poorest children are handicapped in the battle of life from the start. When to this is added an in- difference on the part of parents respecting the up- bringing of their offspring, the marvel is that the infantile death rate is not very much higher. Let anyone who doubts the existence of such conditions in Warrington take a walk this evening to certain parts of the old town. Here he will find slums of a very bad type. It is hardly necessary to point them out to any who know the town. In the direction of Town's End we have Silver-square Haydock-street, and the contiguous streets all present- ing unwholesome surroundings. These hotbeds of disease and depravity are not confined to any particu- lar district. Slums of a like type are to be found on Cockhedge, at Dial-court, Morris'-court, Ship-yard, Dolman's-lane, and the courts behind Knutsford-road. The denizens of these dismal alleys and courts are almost as repulsive as their surroundings. Of drunken and profligate habits they give the police endlesstrouble and appear in the dock at the police court with great regularity. Their bodies smell abominably as anyone can testify who has experienced a whiff in the police or CountyoCourts. Equally nauseating is the smell of children from these slums owing to their dirty and , neglected condition. They move hither and thither among the community, and then we are surprised at the prevalence of disease! Ido not wish for one moment to advance the plea that Warrington is worse than other places. There are probably other towns in a worse plight. In Edinburgh, for instance, which prides itself on being the .nost beautiful city in the world, I have seen closes and insanitary areas near the historic Cannongate which would vie with any to be seen in Warrington. It is much easier to point out these causes of disease than to suggest remedies. But until our sanitary authority wakes up to its neglected responsibilities in i respect of insanitary areas, t is useless lamenting the high death-rate of the Borough. We require a strong man in the Council Chamhsr who will brush aside the subterfuges and dodges of owners of slum property, and insist upon prompt action being taken under the Housing of the Working Classes Act. There are many houses unfit for human habitation and no amount of tinkering and patching up can make them fit. Until they are removed the public health will continue to suffer, and we shall occupy the unenviable position of having a high death rate. The suggestion of Mr. R. T. Fairclough at the last meeting of the Education Committee, that a nurse should be appointed to undertake the medical super- vision of children attending the schools, deserves con- sideration. The members of the teaching profession already perform a useful work in detecting disease amongst school children but they cannot follow the . children further than the school door. It. requires someone who will see the child home, and if necessary, take steps for its proper treatment. The employment of a trained nurse or nurses for this work would perhaps prove costly but there is reason to believe that the cost would be a small matter in comparison with the great good which would follow in a diminution of disease amongst children. And what is to be done to solve the drink and dirt problem? Several agencies are at work but much remains to be accomplished before any visible impression can be made. It is reported of a mission- ary in South Africa that he once spoke of Keating's powder as being the greatest need of a certain tribe. In Warrington, sobriety and cleanliness seem to be our greatest social needs at the moment, and any improvement which can be effected in this direction will be reflected in the improved health of the town. J. H.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROPOSED CLOSING OF SCHOOLS. Meeting of the Health Committee.

At the meeting of the Health Committee of the Cor- poration on Wednesday evening the suggestion made by the Medical Officer of Health to the Education Committee that owing to the ' continued prevalence of infectious disease all the public elementary schools in the Borough. should be closed at once until the day already fixed for their re-opening after the midsummer holidays (August 15th) was under consideration. The School Management Committee considered the Medical Officer's suggestion at a meeting held on the Bth inst. and expressed the opinion that in view of their experi- ence of closing schools during the present school year, they were not satisfied that the suggested closure of the schools would have the desired effect. This deci- sion was confirmed at the meeting of the Education Committee held on Monday, evening, and in the speeches that were made it was stated that the Health Committee was shirking its responsibility in placing the onus of closing the schools on the Education Com- mittee. _ _

The Health Committee fully considered the matter on Wednesday evening and we uncierstand that the Chairman (Alderman Sutton) intends to make a state- ment at the next Council meeth,g setting forth the committee's position in the matter. So far as we can learn, the members of the Health Committee repudiate the suggestion of shirking their responsibility and I contend that as the Medical Officer of Health is the medical adviser of the Education committee, he was perfectly • justified in suggesting the advisa- bility of closing the schools to the Education Committee. The Health Committee, we are informed has no inten- tion of doing anything in regard to the closing of schools which would be contrary to the wishes of the Education Committee and in view of the improved health of the town during the past week it has been decided to take no further action in regard to the closing of schools.

The fielding of the Warringtonians was particularly keen, and the bowling of Lynes and Connor gave the visitors a warm time. Lynes captured six wickets at the small cost of 31 runs, and Connor took 4 for 27.

Up to Saturday, Earlestown had been particularly fortunate in away matches, having obtained six victories. On their own ground they had been beaten twice. Warrington are to be congratulated on administering so signal a defeat.

The second eleven experienced a trouncing at Earles- town, where they could only put together 8L The home team had replied with 130 for the loss of 8 wickets when the match closed. Alfred Thewlis and W. Hind made a good stand for Warrington's second wicket, the ex-professional knocking up 30 and Rind compiling 11. V. J. Reade was in grand form for Earlestown and made 52 not out.

There was an exciting match between Sankey Wire Mills and Irlam C.W.S., but Sankey triumphed by 3 runs. Taylor batted in capital style for the winners, his innings realizing 29. Llewellyn contributed an acceptable 14, whilst Intin (21) was the best batsman for Irlam.

Warrington econdary school entertained the War- grave eleven, and gained the victory by 35 runs. R. H. Albery was the only batsman to attain double figures, his total being 15. W. H. Houghton and J. Buckley did fine work with the ball, accounting for five wickets for 5 runs, and three wickets for 7 runs respectively.

Che3lii re Lines Engineers came •a cropper on their own ground, Latchford Baptists being the conquerors. The visitors ran up a total of 77, Lester being the highest scorer with 31. Latchford's efforts produced only 35, Duckworth being responsible for 24. Cliffe and Conway were the destructive agents. capturing five wiekets for one run, and two wickets for nothing r espeotively.

Latchford Baptists 2nd also scored a success, Lowton Independent having to admit defeat to the ext ent of 30 runs. H. Turner 15) and W. Southern (14 not out) batted well for the victors.

Matchers' gained a victory at the expense of St. Marys',s6 and 21 being the respective totals. Thompson batting for the home side, was in good form, his play being all to slip. Bate bowled splendidly, taking five wickets for seven runs. For the visitors Garry hit a splendid boundary, and he experienced hard luck in being caught for six runs. Dean was very sharp behind the wickets, saving a great many runs. Fletcher's lam told, had theadvantage as St. Marys' were not used to playing on matting, and in addition the grass was about two feet long.

St. Paul's were fortunate in beating Stratton and Appleton, the margin being 3. Mason (14) and Lawless (13) gave the best batting displays for the victors, and Fairhurst made a capital 11 nnt out for Stretton.

'Grappenhall sustained their first defeat of the season at the hands of Northwich. It was indeed hard lines for them to be beaten by two runs. W.Carter (16) and R. Gifford (15) batted splendidly for Grappenhall, and F. W. Bailey (16) ht,aded the Northwich score list. Grappenhall 2nd were defeated in no uncertain style by Arley.

My readers will be pleased to hear that J. Lynes, the Warrington professional, has received an invitation to assist Lancashire 2nd against Surrey 2nd at Kennington Oval. on Thursday and Friday, June 30th and July Ist.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling.

Mouldsworth was the Cycling Club's destination on Saturday, and the run to this most picturesque part of Cheshire tempted nearly a score of members to turn out. The weather was fine, though at times rather gloomy, and the roads were in excellent condition. The outward journey was nlade via Frodshatn, Kingsley, and Manley,, and on arriving at Mouldsworth tea, was partaken of at the Railway Hotel. Th,f, ride home was accomplished by way of Kelsall, and Delarnere, and altogether the outing proved most enjoyable.

Tuesday evening's run was to Little Legh. The weather was very favourable, and there was quite a record turnout for this season. Twenty-four members and several friends assembled at the Leigh Arms, and an impromptu smoker was held, items beinp contributed by several members. A grand ride home in the moon- light brought to a close a very successful run.

That popular fixture "Ladies' day" is down for to-cLiy, and there should be a good turnout for the run to Lower Peover. On Tuesday the club run is to Lymm.

Nine members of the Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Club journeyed to Rostherne on Saturday, and spent an enjoyable time at the picturesque village. The outward ride was made via Hoo Green, and the party returned via Lymm. There was again a turnout of nine members on Tuesday evening, when Cronton was the destination. To-day's run is to Pickmere.

LIGHTING-UP TIME. • To-night Sunday Monday 9.42 Tuesday 9.41 W sday edne __ _ ._

Thursday _•._

Friday v 9.41

Howard, who met with Erich a nasty spill on the racing track, is, I am glad to learn, progressing wonder- fully well towards complete recovery. He came out of the Liverpool Royal Infirmary last Saturday. His face is disfigured a little, and a gash in his shoulder has not quite healed up, but he is recovering very satisfactorily. He entered for Preston sports to-day but he does not feel fit to ride at present and will not turn out. He has, however, lost none of his confidence in the pastime and he only hopes that he may get back to his old form for the Football Sports at Wilderspool on August Monday.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

Enthusiasts were again well catered for on Saturday, and some of the greens were thronged with spectators. The weather conditions were perfect, and bowlers have certainly reasoli to congratulate themselves upon having been favoured in this respect from the commencement of the season. Interest in the sport is fully maintained and both the works association and the local league are meeting with 9, succeps which must be very gratifying to the energeti officials. Saturday's matches were well contested, and in one there was a sensational , finish. There is every. promise of keen struggles for premier honours later in the season.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WORKS COMPETITION.

The large assembly on the delightfully-situated King and Queen green was evidence of the strong hold which the pastime has obtained on workingmen. A capital afternoon's sport was witnessed. Last year's champions —L. and N.-VV. Railway—tried conclusions with Pear- son and Knowles No. 2, but their display did not at all COMP up to their usual standard. They managed to obtain the victory by 18 points, but they will have to improve greatly if they hope to catry off the Finlayson cup again.

Mention must be made of several exciting games. P. Hill, the forge captain, defeated W. Gleave by a single. Gleave was the first to score, and had placed '6 to his credit before Hill got a chance. Hill then obtained a double, Gleave followed .with a single, and Hill got two more doubles. The scoring then ran :-6-8, 7-8, 7-10,

It is not easy to forecast the result of the first match but if the railway men do not show better fortn,Rylands's will in all probability be victorious. Pearson and Knowles should easily defeat Smith's, and Houghton's ought to win comfortably against Cockhedge.

The draw for the semi-final will take place on Monday evening.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LEAGUE.

How have the mighty fallen ! It must have been a great surprise to the redoubtable Cemetery men to be beaten by a team occupying such a lowly position as Fearnhead—and that by a 'single point. Of course the Fearnhead contingent had the advantage of playing on their own green, but even taking that into consideration the Cemetery club were, expected to give a much better account of themselves The finish was rather sensational, for Fearnhead were 18 points in arrears when the last two games com- menced. Joseph Weston and J. Roberts beat their opponents by 15-3 and 15-8 respectively, thus giving Fearnhead the victory by one point. The most keenly fought game was between H. Rowles and R. Rothwell, Bothwell held the upper hand for a long time, but his opponent gained upon him, and at the twenty-second end the totals stood at 1444. Rothwell then obtained the winning single. R. Mercer defeated W. Hill by 15-12. At one time Hill was leading by 11-7, but the subsequent scoring was :-8-11, 9-11, 10-11, 11-11, 13-11,13-12, 15-12.

The only other match was between Sankey Chapel House and Bull's Head, and here' too, a powerful organization had to admit defeat. Sankey played very creditably, and at the close led by 19 points. There was a good contest between W. Ellison and R. Fairbrother. At the sixteenth end matters haol reached an interesting stage, each contestant having scored 10. Then a double fell to Ellison, but Fair- brother obtained a single and a double in succession which placed him ahead by 13-12. Then each player had a!single, and the score stood at 14-13 for Fairbrother. Ellison delivered his woods with such judgment as to obtain a double, and the victory was his.

J. Worsley made a good stand against W. Unsworth, who, however, was able to win by 15-13. At the eighteenth end the score was 12-12, and the match pro- ceeded 13-12, 13-13, 14-13, 15-13.

The following is the league table up to date : P. W. L. For Agst. Pts. Cemetery Chapel House Bull's Head Horse and Jockey 7 ... 4 ... 3 ...1079 ... 890 ... 8 Brooklands Fearnhead 8 _. 3 _. 5 -.1011 -.1261 6 Penketh Liberal Club 7 1 -. 6 -. 934 -.1100 2

To-day's matches, to be played on the greens of the first-named, are : Liberal Club v. Fearnhead. Penketh Park v. Cemetery. Horse and Jockey v. Chapel House.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
OTHER MATCHES.

The Liberals and Conservatives hada friendly engage- ment on Monday, and the Liberals were victorious by 86 points. There were one or two close games, J. Parr defeating J. Horrabin by 13-12, and J. E. Warren (Liberal captain) beating J. Taylor (Conservative captain) by 13-11.

Saracen's Head team went to Walton on Saturday, and ran out easy winners by 85.

There will be some interesting games on the Cemetery Hotel green on Monday evening, when the semi-final for the Allison dap and other prizes presented for com- petition to the members of the Cemetery Club, will be decided. The entries throughout the competition have numbered 52 and the issue now rests with the follow- ing :—J. W. 'Kaye and A. Vernon; J. T. Boardman, and R. Antrobus. •

===== 0002601_19040625_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Golf.

Congratulations to Dr. Peacocke ! It is no mean honour to carry off the Balfour Golf Cup,and the mem- bers of the new Warrington Club, with which Dr. Pea- cocke is associated, will be especially gratified to hear of his sdccess. Dr. Peacocke has had a most successful career as a golfer, and it is mainly due to his enthusiasm for the game and constant practice, without which no one can attain proficiency. He first played ten years ago in connection with the Mersey Golf Club, and 119 has been a member of the Timperley combina- tion for about six years. He has won the captain's medal at Penketh no fewer than three times, and the captain's prize at Timperley two years ago,with a gross scote of 81. His latest victory is of course the greatest triumph of all.

The "Manchester Guardian," commenting on the Timperley success, says :—`• At Timperley on Saturday was decided what may be termed, without a very severe strain on language, our local golf championship. One of the salient points of the Balfour Cup competition is that while it provides all the excitement of a thorough going championship it has non 9of its finality. Its pro- moters some seven years ago rightly judged that to give it the essence of a championship was to make it a pre- tentious parochial thing, to show a plentiful lack of a saving sense of proportion. 'Let a championship, connote championship' said they; as for us we will provide a golf meeting which by its equal opportunity will attract the player and en- courage the game.' That they persuade& something like a hundred and , twenty—golfers and others—to start fair ' on Saturday was a gratifying achieement.

There is, it may fairly be suggested, more of the one touch of nature here than in the really big events. In the latter you have to show yourself better than a hun- dred or so others—a presumptuous endeavour at the best; in the Balfour you have to show yourself better than you pertonally are supposed to be. The handicap broadly and professedly reflects public opinion; there is here the temptation to upset accepted standards. Dr. Peacocke has yielded to it successfully. The conclusion is not merely that he holds the Balfour Cup for a year, but that he showed himself on Saturday even a finer golfer than had been supposed. It would be interesting to learn how far he attributed his success to any particular instrument. Mr. Travis a fortnight ago modestly hid has greatness behind his mallet-headed putter, and one of the successful pair in the Houldsworth on Wednesday seemed inclined to the same shyness. There were several of these tools about on Wednesday and Saturday. Their number deprives Dr. Peacocke of the possibility of this defence of diffi- dence, for there were players on Saturday usi nt the magic weapon who did not win the Balfour Cup. With- out further rebutting evidence the man in the street will be forced to the conclusion thatDr..Peacocke won by his golf." The cup is now on view an the Sankey- street window of Mr. Birtles' studio. It bears the fol- lowing inscription :—"The Balfour Challenge Cup. Presented to the golfers of Manchester by the Right Hon. A. J. Balfour. April, 1897."

The Cup has been won in former years as follows :- 1897.—At Timperley.—S. W. Gillett, Bowdon, 87, scratch-87. , 1898.—At Worsley.—A. G. Hogg Bowdon, 82,sc ratch —B2 1899.—At Trafford Park.—W. G. Clegg, I3owdon, 79, scratc h-79. 1900.—At rimperley.—H. P. Wynne, Entwistle, 80 less 7-75. 1901.—At Withington.—A. Ramm, Timperley (handicap 1), won at te eleventh hole (45 strokes to 54), after a tie with R. 0. J. Dallmeyer, Bowdon (pins 1). 1902.—At Worsley.—H. Naylor:Ashton (88, less 4_84), after a tie with T. C. Mellor, Cheadle (scratch). 1903.—At Trafford Park.—F. Marsh, Didsbury, 76, less 2-74.

The qualifying round for a prize presented by the President of the Mersey Golf Club took place on

===== 0002601_19040625_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MlMi=

===== 0002601_19040625_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
I, O. Warrington.--Printed and Published by JOHN & Co., at The Examiner General Printing " „Moe Bevray-street, and published by them at th.e place,and also at The Examiner •OffiCeS,ViCtOTl3...-'4OV WIDNES ; 32, George-street, ST. HELENS; 3,llwArro street, EARLEs'rowN; Church—street Ruscolu,, 25TH 1904.

===== 0002601_19040625_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ls

_ - -1?

===== 0002601_19040625_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
B. WADSWORTH, SOLB AGBNT YOU THB WORLD-FAMED PIANOS or !JOIN BROADWOOD:& SONS. Utouss: 59, SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON

WI CLIFF ic (mum, WARRINOTON. TO- MORROW (SUNDAY),EVENING,JUNE 26mat 6.30 . SPECIAL CHORAL SERVICE " THE DAUGHTER OF jAIRUS 110 r (SIR JOHN STAINER) "OISTS ; SoPRANO, MRS. R. 14, PEARSON. TENOR MR. A. GRIFFITHS. BAss : MR. B. HIBBERT. 01104.1115 T MR. W. H. PAYTON Mus ADDRESS HY MR. A. CORNEY, IN AID OF CHOIR FUrID. id L D STREET W ESLEY AN CHLRCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JUNE 26th At 10.30 Mr. JOHN UPSON. At 6.30 Rev. W. C. J. NEVILLH. OPENING OF SUNDAY SCHOOL. All welcome. Hymn Books provided. -11 Pal • "P ENING OF SUNDAY SCHOOL AFTER Tr„ RENOVATION. u ...91131 AFTERNOON A CHILDREN'S SERVICE WILL BE HELD, cb, CONSISTING OF ADDRESSICS An. OIR AND CHILDREN WILL SING " THE HOLY 'AD OTHER ANNIVERSARY HYMNS. Iv'. To BE TAKEN AT 2.15 BY W. ROBERTS, EBQ J.P. "NTS AND FRIENDS ARE CORDIALLY INVITED. ‘.;I3LLRCTION TOWARDS RENOVATION FUND. tAPTIST CHURCq, LATCHFORD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JUNE ,26TH. Services 10.30 n. m., 6 p. m. IMMERSION OF FIVE CANDIDATES. 'reacher, Rev. JOHN FRANCIS MATTHEWS. Offertories.

MACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD ,from well-tried materials only."--They are firmly, yet painlessly, adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 20S. GOLD INLAY 40s. MACDON ALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WINLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS-1 to 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY: 9 A.M. TO] 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 18 P.M.

Pit R. HALL SERVICES.— TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). JUNE 26T11. •D RR, (LAST UNTIL SEPTRMBER). • H. DUNNICO'S SECOND ANNIVERSARY. "My two years' ministry in Warrington—What I have learned and unlearned." AIITHEM BY CHOIR AND HYMNS BY CHILDREN 4PTRD AT ALL SERVICES. 2.10 MUSICAL SERVICE AT CHURCH. IeWSEY ROAD- WESLEYAN CRUTCH. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JUNE 26th. At 10-30. COUNCILLOR WALTER BROUGH. At 6-30. Bev. R. WILKINS BEES. BVF.NING SUBJECT : THE NEW METHODIST HYMN BOOK." All welcome Hymn Books provided. OUNDATION STONE of the NEW „-114..uRcH HALL, BURTONWOOD, will be laid this uaren34TrßnAy), Juiss: 25th, by MRS. T. HENRY LYON. Ire°43' 3.15 p.m. (Collins Green Station). The 13P4HOP IP f tlll4 t„ an ADDRESS. Contributions towards Building nay. A. M. MITCHELL. In 11 E BANKS IN WARRINGTON ttemi, WILL ON FRIDAY. ler JULY (WALKING DAY), AT 11 O'CLOCK AS USUAL., BY ORDER.

WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. GOLD AND bILVER WATCHES, DIAMOND AND OTHER RINGS, CHAINS, BROOCHES. PINS, STUDS. LINKS, and all other Articles of Jewellery practically GIVEN AWAY At the Prices Marked in the Window. Call and see for yourselves before going elsewhere. --- SPECIAL OFFER.-22ct. Gold Wedding Rings sold by weight. All shapes and sizes at 6/9 "R PRIVATE T E INPVI N -ARYO MORE? 6/9 A Large Stock of Clocks, Bronzes, Forks. and Spoons, Cutlery. Ac. by best makerciat giving-away prices. RUBENS, JEWELLER, Icie 4, MANCHESTER STREEI7, LIVERPOOL. -- NOTB.—MONEY Advanced on all kinds of Valuables Lowest Rates of Interest.

WALKING DAY. ti AND OF THE ARDWICK GREEN -"DUSTRIAL SCHOOLS (4) in number) WILL PLAY SELECTIONS OF MUSIC FROM 3 TO 9 P.M. IN BRWSBY HALL PARK. Apa, ,RlSSimr 3p. RPRESHMENTS CAN BE OBTAINED. r.ha RICHMOND GAS STOVE & METER COMPANY, LIMITED. A °T.,I,CE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Viltp.A.tcrsiPPlß BOOKS OF THE ORDINARY AND t',LOiVp,4RNOR SHARES of the Company WILL BE from JUNE 20th to JUNE 30th INCLUSIVE, for 1)403 ose of preparing warrants for Interim Dividend. aune 20th, 19D4. JAS. W. SLACK, Secretary. Queen Victoria Street, London. B.C.

loNFIDENTIAL INQUIRIES of EVERY ) DESCRIPTION. American System.—ALLEN G A.UNT BOWEN & CO., 21, Dickinson et., Manchester, and 57, Brallsloydrd., Pallowfield.

LANCASHIECK FOOrBA.LL AL LI ANC 11; . MIMING BAMFURLONG HOTBL, JULY 2nd at 3 p.m.—Applications for Membership LAITHWAITH HINDLICY. Vacancies for two dubs.

T L. HAWTHORN, JOINER AND BUILDER, 4 • 1, LOVELY LANE, WARRINGTON. FUNERALS FURNISHED. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

UHE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- 1. to receive LOANS, either at six months': notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER. Municioal Offices, Warrindob•

DRIVATM DETECTIVE AGENCY, ALFRED B. HOPLEY, 37, Jubilee Drive, Liverpool, conducts Inquiries of all kinds personally and confidentially. Agents In the U. S. A. and Canada.

OF BRADFORD PXHIBITION.—End less %,Att Variety of Interesting Features. ection Industrial Section. Textile Section and ~4(spi• jup', Section. Somali Village (first time in England). DOta (Eusso-Japanese War.) Palace of Illusion.. ▪ th". alaze. Baby Incubator Institute. Captive Bannon. best Military and Orchestral Bands. Organ Recitals. ehute. Illuminated Fountains. Tens of thousands elkheih of Fairy Lampe, etc. -Mum e.en, before Six, 1... after Six, 6d. Children 6d. 6d all day. TY BOROUGH OF WARRI NOTON.— Aic4h-011 SANITARY WORKS COMMITTRE INVITR for the supple of 20 TONS of GOOD OLD O V.fiE HAY and also 20 tons clean Batten Wheat Straw uelivered at Howley Central Sanitary Depot at such tel'ad in such quantities as the Committee may direct. 'Te'„rra to be sent in securely fastened envelapes,endorsed r for Ray" or " Straw." as the case may be, and ~nie• t"„,ead to the Chairman Sanitary Works Committee,Town eak ' 'errlngton not later than Tuesday, July sth, 1904. Al Th es to he sent with tender. et 4,1 Committee reserve to themselves the right to'accept Whole or pwt of any tender. %„."41-IETIS J. A. PAEFITT, Cleansing Superintendent. ilting Department. June 23rd, 1934. (-FLINTY B OROIJG H OF W ARRIT GTON.— EDUCATION COMMITTEE. SECONDARY DAY 4iCHOOI: AND TRCHNICAL Th INSTITUTE. fop e above-named Committee invite applications for the ing appointment, viz : t,t ZEAD MASTER :—Candidates must be between the ages and 40 years of age, and be graduates of a British ureersitv. Salary Eao per annum. thA.ESISTANT MASTER :—Who must be qualified to teach b,...mrelitry. Physics, and general subjects. Salary, £l2O per t, ASSISTANT MISTRESS :—Who must be qualified to teach Zatinvimi n.g , French, and general subjects. Salary, £llO per vPanvassing the members of the Committee, either person- ? or ctherwise will be considered a disqualification. oin q of applizettion and further particul4rs can be %hied from J MOORS MURRAY, Secretary and Director. ducat Office, Warrington. 24th June, 1904.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLIITTII I TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMBS, PURR i. 5/6 FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LRRCE ST (CAR STATION). LIVIMPOOL.

c'TOCK-TAKING SALIN.-COSTUAIS STANDS' kJ from se. 6d. each. Tailors' CLOTH BLOOM from 10.. 10d. doz. STOCK BOARS from 108. -doz. BRASS SHOP WINDOW VITTINGS at manufacturers prlces.—T. YATBS. 20, BIUMNLOW HILL. LIVRRPOOL.

VELIX MILL' PERSONALLY CONDUCTED trTOURS. July•l3th.August 6th and 27tb,Paris; July 23rd, Switzerland; August 13th, Scotland ; August 20th, Isle of Wight.—Particulars 163: Lax ST., Oldham. Stamp.

GEDDESS DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all farmers and Drugglits.t chnistel 6d.. 10d., and is. Bd. each. Wholesale by I. GEDDREI AID SON. LTD WARRINGTON ESTABLISMID 1833.

CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. DRINTING REGISTERS OF VOTERS.—Persons -I- desirous of TENDERING for the PRINTING and BINDINGAc.' of the REGISTERSof PARLIAMENTARY COUNTY and PAROCHIAL ELECTORS for the County of Chester, may obt4lo particulars, specifications and cooditfons at the office of the Clerk to the Council, Nortbgate-Areet, Chester. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk to tbe Council. Chester, Bth June, 1.904.

COUNTY OF CHESTER TO WIT. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER. in and for the said County, cn otilcolitonckaTin ththe2e forenoon, y of June, 1904, at half-past Eleven 'noon, when the Grand Jury will be emnannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundred of Broxton, Eddi.sbury, Nantwich and Wural, forming the Chester Distinct, and the trials of all prisoners com- mitted from such Hundreds, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the openine of the Court on MONDAY. the 27th day of June, 1904, at half-past Eleven o'clock in the Foreroon. THE Court will be Adjcurned to the Court House, Knutsford. on WEDNESDAY. the 29th day of June, 1904. at Eleven o'clock in tbe Forenoon, when another Grand Jury will be empannelled. The Learina of all Appeals arising within ths Hundreds of Bucklow, Macclesfield. and Northwicb, forming the Knutsford District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last-mentioned Hundreds will take place at such Adinurned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knutsford District must be in attendance at the Court Home, Knutsford, at the opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY. the 29t14 day ofJune, 1904, at Eleven o'clock in the Fnrenoo n. REGINALD POTTS. Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. Che4ter. Sth June, 1904

CIPCNTY BOROUGH OF ARRINGT ON.- The LIGHT RAILWAYS. eorporntion invite TENDERS for the supply. delivery totp:rection of STEEL POLES, TROLLEY WIRES, etc, '" 'rig complete overhead equipment for shout 559 yards Nubie track. Including special arrangements at the CR bridge over the Manchester Ship Canal. toerit)le, of specification with forn. of tender and general e,trciitions can be obtained at the offices of Mess-8. Preece & lA3, 'W. 8, Queen Anne s Gate, Westminster, S.W., upon ret:t'ent of a fee of one guinea, which will be returned on iDst?at of a bona fide tender. Duplicate CODiPII of the tetl, .leation can be obtained on payment of ss. (non- Thrriablc). :,,Contractor whose tender is accepted will be required ritta 'userve the recognised customs and conditions as to " ecdp R and working hours prevailing in the district. securely fastened and endorsed Tender for ,7itti,„ ad Equipment " must be addressed to the under- and delivered at the Town Hall, Warrington, on or 1,2 o'clock noon on Tuesday, July 12th, 19C4. ''lvrett Ajorporation do not bind themselves to accept the Or any tender. T J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. all Warrington. TY BOROUGH OF W ARRINGTON.- ' 40CEssioN OF SUNDAY SCHOLARS, ON vsrt FRIDAY, Ist JULY; 1904. *llB sUs or the powers given in that behalf hr the Police Claoses Act, 1547, ani-I by order of the Town 14sv Ino HEREBY GIVE NOTICE that in ormer to ritti& ccidents on the above occasion, no CART, M (303, TRAC AR. LURRY. or other VEHICLE ept?', Z'rts) -'nz vehicles 'taking part in the procession and Mail Lncl no HORIE or other animal will be allowed to or travel along or over any of the undermentioned between the hours of 9 a.m. and 12.30 p.m., viz A i— r;riplev Street. Legh Street, Bold ‘treet, Mersey Street, eld Street, Parker Street. Street, Rolleston Street, nuttermarket Street, Sankey Street. Vat ro Street, Scotland Road, Church,.. Street, Wilson Patten Street, Wilborne Street, Winrnarleigh Street. 011(;),,.. Roreemarket Street.ehieiOLßs and TRICYCIES are Included in the term and must not be RIDDEN through any of the 0°,113, hareed streets during the hours specified. t5c10,.11%-on wilfully acting in contravention of the above uNt4l,ll be liable to a PENALTY not exceeding 40s. Seventh day of June, 19C4. 1;t11 Id u WILLIAM BOLTON, Mayor. Ahn Warrington. above Order shall cease to apply to any of the rib:ined Streets as soon as the Procession in its proper along any such street. 41\iri xl LANDS' SAILINGS TO GREENOCK Ft, AND GLASGOW. `JE`IS LOUISE " OR OTHER STEAMER. ftrte RHPOOL From GLASGOW R°ll r" Dock Berths No. 22-28. North Side Th • Jul e 27th 10 p.m. Wed. June 29th 2 p.m. *.5.25 p.m. ars 2nd 1 p.m. Tues. July sth 2 rim. 6.45 p.m. 7th 5.30 p.m. Sat. July 9th1.2 p.m. *6.45 p.m. /041)ec1a1frcnn Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). rs.4nea-. reduced through tickets from Warrington, hvlibtx etc. "Lir ARY FABER PROM LIVERPOOL :—Cabin, Single, ill.; lAtiPitnel°4lld for two nrinths),l6s. 6d. Steerave,Single, 5s 6d. ; it.t HICTURN ,TICKETS.—(valid for 10 days). Cabin 81. 3d, LANGLANDS AND 50N5,15145. ICT:183 STREET, MANCHESTER. 'XIORD,IIPLACIL LIVERPOOL. ...

A WEEK'S HOLIDAY IN IRELAND FOR 39e. 6D. INCLUDES SALOON ON STRAYER TO AND FRO'f LIV Ft ELPOO L), 3rd Class Rail, 14 miles drive along the County Down Coast, giving an elaborate View of the Famous Mourne Mountains, also Board and Lodgings in let Class Hotel. FREE PASS given to Foremm and others capable of organising parties of ten. Further particulars on application to HARPER. NRWPORT- STRBET. LIVIIRPOOL.

IV ERPOOL AND NOR,TH WALES. REGULAR DAILY SAILINGS (Sundays included). By splendid saloon steamer " St Tudno," or other steamer leaving Prince's Landing Stage daily, 10.15 a.m., for Llandudno, Benumaris, Bangor and Menai Bridge,allowinw four hours ashore at Llandudno, and due back about 7 30 p.m. " La Marguerite "Daily Rt 10-45 a.m.. commencing July 2. EXTRA SAILING. 2.15 p.m.. Saturdays, and Mondays for Llandudno, Beaumaris, Bangor, and Menai Bridge. Afternoon Excursions for Llandudno. 2.0 p.m Sunday Afternoons by" Snowdon," for Llandudno. Passengers return by "St. Tudno,". Isle of Anglesey Trips,Sunday and Monday(3rd and .ith July) at 9.15 a.m. by" St. Tudno "due back 8 p.m. Through Bookings Sunday by train leaving Central at 8.22 a.m. and Monday 8 0 a.m. For all further Information, apply to the Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Company,Ltd..T. G. Brew,Secretary, 40. Chapel st., Liverpool. Week Bads at North Wales, Hotel nnd Boat, from 21s. Through Booking by Cheshire Lines leaving Warrington at 8.48 a.m. on week days and 9.45 a.m. on Sundays. Als.l by L. .it N.W. Railway at 8-25 a.m. on week days and E-35 a.m. on Sundays.

J. AND W.DUTiON ARE NOW SEIOWING SOME EXTRAORDINARILY CHEAP PURCHASES IN LADIES' SHIRTS FHONI is. 111 D. EACH. - THEY FIT AND WASH WELL. SEE WINDOWS. 16, 18, AND is), SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

MERSEY CYCLE COMPANY 79, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. SOLE AGENTS FOR THE FAMOUS RUDGE- WHIT WORTH CYCLES, ARIEL CYCLES, SUNBEAM CYCLES, RILEY CYCLES AND MOTORS. ALL BICYCLES SCLD BY US ARE INSURED AGAINST ACCIDENT AND THEFT FREE. CYCLES AND MOTORS SOLD ON EASY PAYMENTS. SECOND HAND BICYCLES IN GOOD ORDER FROM £2. J. BUXTON, MANAGER.

J. M. GREEN HALGH & Co., ARE NOW SHOWING A CHOICE SELECTION OF UP-TO-DATE BED-ROW FURNITURE, !RANGING IN PRICE FROM £l2 AND UPWARDS. ALSO SMART AND UP4O-DATE LINES IN ALL 'BRASS & BRASS & IRON BEDSTEADS AT PracEs RANGING FROM 14s. 6D. AND UPWARDS. 1.38 & 1401 BRIDGE STREET, WA lIRINGrTON,

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOW; IMMENSE dVARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

THIS IS AN AGE OF SMARTNESS. THE EFFORT OF THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT IS TO PRODUCE SOMETHING; SMART IN 4 CLOTHING FOR ALL CLASSES. THEY RESPECTFULLY SUBMIT IT TO: YOUR JUDGMENT, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT. & io, HORSEMARKET STREET. WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1638. RICHARD• JEFFRE YS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LivERI cf 11FRAId11 MAKIIR AND PRINT SBLLBR. A Large Assortment of Pt4med Pictures. suitablefor Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, 10. Terms Moderate. A PINS COLLECTION OF PIIO rOGRAPIIS ter Crystoleurn and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOO 1., PAWNBUOKERS, J EVIELLERS, SI LV ERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. (By ALL THE LEIDING DEAKEEB) SOLID SILVER ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY O EVEItT D2:BCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER ONT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS PRICES Old aold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in excbange. tdoLey advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, Ac., to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE. 2061.

HARGRAVES TOBACCOS. ) E8T1,13. HARGRAVES' CIGARS i 70tt YEAs. HARGRAVES' CIGARETTES. MANUFACTORY: SWAN-91E10T. MANCHESTER.

;THE KmPIRE FURNISHING CO., 300 AND 302, I STOCKPORT-RD., C.-ON-M. (Corner of MILTONS STREET), MANOHRSIER, NEWER DESIGNS, BETTER QUALITY, CHEAPER PRICES, and LOWER TERM Than any other house in Manchester, and, above all, the EPOSIT IS QUITE OPTIONALI In Manche!ter and surrounding districts there are thousands of would-be purchasers who - tremble at the idea of the Hire Purchaee Svatem.llllllll OBSTINATE FRIENDS AND NERVOUS RE- LA'i lONS will say avoid the'llire System. BUT WHY? Because they don't know THE EMPIRE FURNISHING CO. and their methods of doing business, and that they like to treat their cus- tomers es they would like to be treeted ; and they DON'T ASK YOU TO SIGN ANY OBJEC- TIONABLE AGREEMENT. BECAUSF, it_ If ,-ou are ill, If you meet with an Acciaent, Is you lose your situation, Or have any other mis,ortune. THE FNIPIRE WILL SAY If you are tinab'e to.pav we don't expect you to p. ay ; and in no case do their customers ever lose the value of the money they have already paid. C°ME AND SPE TEIRM, YOU NERD NOT BUY Catalogues of Terms are sent Post Free. or their Representative will call on receipt of Post Card. F PIRE, fel; N IST-lING C 0 ~ 300, rTOCKPORT ROAD OPEN 9 a.m. to S p.m.; Wednesday, 14 a.m. to 1 p.m.

BOYS YOU WANT BOOTS I'm off.ring Sixty I WANT TRADE Styles in Box Calf and Glace MO at 83. 6d. a lET's GET TOGETHER tinm .4 ARTHUR EVANS. Pr4TAL 155. ALDICILSGA.Th SI. LONDON. DEPARTMENTS I 5, LONDON ROAD, LINTHRPOOL.

T. CLARKE, " EXAMINER" OFFICE, EARLEBTOWN, Has always in stock A GOOD AiSOIIIMENT of FANCY GOODS, ALBUMS (Photo and postcard) also PURSHS Ac., and Stationery in general. Agent for the 'o esleyau and General Assurance Society. NOTE THE ADDRESS, 33, MARKET STREET. BARLESTOWN,

OR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR.. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE BOON' TO WOMANKIN D. They are the best known Remecly.for Arazemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria. Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes Rid, Is lid. 25 91, 4s 6d, Mad 1111, May be had from Uherniats and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the Proprietor. Only Address : 3J9. PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL. LONDON W.

HOYLAKIL—Sandloft. Private Boarding House. 49, Cable Ed; late dinners.—Tariff on application to Miss TOMES.

TAUNOON (One hour ;from Glaegow).—Boarding on Bsplanade ; centre for excursions; moderate.---blias MARSTON, West Bay.

SMITH'S FRI= H0T1414, Foryd. Five minutes' walk from Rbyl Promenade. ,Beds from 2s. ; board optional, Cyclists' rest. Baths.

QUMMIIR HOLIDAYS. Soecial Terms. Borrowdale Hotel. Derwentwater, Keswick. Delightful situation ; good table; every home comfort.—Apply MANAGERESS.

CHESTER.-WHITH BBAR HOTBL and concert room, Lower Bridge St, best accommodation for visitors. Parties catered for ; good beds and livery stables.— /3,!SmITH, proprietor.

BLACKPOOL.—CREiCENT PRIVATE HOTEL, The Park, facing sea. Table d'Hote 6 p.m. (small tables). Excellent cuisine. Tel. 117. Telegrams—" Crescent, Black- pool."—Apply Miss WILSON. Manageress.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON SQUARE. Htmk CoMrORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOR BUSINESB OR PLEASURE. A BER VEIT WITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most comfortable Family Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Room and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms from 2} guineas per week, or 9s. per day. avording to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from ss. Table d'Hote at 6.33 o'clock For TARIFFS &C., apply to W. H. PALMER. PROPRIETOR.

FIRST GRADE PREMIER CYCLES AT 12 GUINEAS ARE THE WORLD'S BEST VALUE. J. S. GARLAND INVITES INSPECTION AT THE SHOWROOMS', 51, 53, Sz 55, BRIDGE STREET. W ARRINGTON. SEVERAL LADIES' AND GENTS SECOND-HAND CYCLES FROM 50e. EACH,

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALRE ELLSOPP'S KILD AND BITTER ALBS. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS WHEATLEY'S GINGIPIR BEER. To be bad in CASE or BOTTLES trona B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICE ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles Telephone No. 179. PTORES. OWlilif STREET.

SUMMRH HOLIDAYS. A MAT EUR PHOTOGRAPHE fiS SHOULD PAY A VISIT TO THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT. LARGEST STOCK OF NEW AND SECOND-HAND CAMERAS AND SCIENTIFIC INSTRUMENTS ETC.. IN MANCHESTER. SECOND-HAND LIST NOW READY POST FREE. THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71. OXFORD ROAD (NEAR ALL SAINTS) MANCHESniR.

I 1.4A/T- -INAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHBFFIBLD:MARR, WARRANTED. POST FREE 35., 4s. 16D., AND 5..: 6D. J. O. DODD. 10, ST. JOHN'S LANB, LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

A.. AND J. NE'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSI'd,THR, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPHL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND SYLVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordanne with Actor Parliarnen Strictest secrecy and strai2htforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China. Marble Clneks. Pictures, ac.. /to— always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BARgAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY, LADIE3' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARP PINS, BROOCHES, Ac.. An We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES 1-OSI RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alter,ttions and Mountings or all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Low • _ dices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES BRACELETS, Ac. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. M'LAINE'S RIC FIMOND i.I.,rREET. LIVERPOOL.

VERALENK BLOOM As OF FAIRESU YOUTH.'--A new scientific me4ical discovery ;nothing ever before like it ; harmless as water ; cannot be detected ; used by many Society Ladies. Gives a perfectly natural colour ;no trouble to apply ; price 21s. per case. To intro- duce, and convince ladies of its Claims, we send a sample bottle, sufficient for 20 applications, for 911 d., just to cover cost. Only one sample sent to each lady. Address— VERALENE TOILET CO.. 8. NEW BROAD S'l REET. LONDON B.C.

CLEVELBYS.—Mrs. FLITOROFT; Primrose Place; terms moderate; APARTMENTS ; near see. tram. (ILIWELEYS near Blackpool.—Mrs. DENNISON, Appleby k..) House. Werneth terrace. Close to tram and sea.

T LANDUDNO.—APARTMBNTS, public or private; board _LI if required.—Mrs. CRABTREE Bryn Ogwen.Deganwy at. KBSWlCK.—Mountain Views. Comfortable ROOMS, bed and breakfast 4s.or £1 per week.—CLARKE,2O,Lake road y YTHAM. Moss Side near Lytham. COMFORrABL-B- _LI Country APARTMUNTEL Mrs. RuhmAx. View Field Farm.

if lUBLIN.—APARTNIBDITS with or without Board, moder- ate for visitors, central.—Mrs. JOHN SEYMOUR. hB, Bede. street.

DOUGLAS.—MRS. QUAYLR. 27. Peel rd. ; bed and breakfast, 2s, 6d. ; full board, 4s. 6d. ; beds (two persons), 2s.

A PARTAIHNIS or BOARD, on minute from shore.—Mrs. 13.. JOE CHALSIERS, 3,Nutiord Place, Castle Mona Avenue, Douglas, 1.0. M.

FOR BALD PATCHFS, FILLING HAIR and DIWAYING BHARDS.—LUXARINH.—The only abso- lutely INFALLIBLH nernedy in the world The discovery of ti;ts age failure imposssbie Heir commences to grow Luxuri- antly after few applications, Trial box, secretly packed, Is. 6d. post free ; larger boxes 2e. Bd. and 55.. sufficient for the most obstinate case. Sold only by the proprietors ; THE ' LUXUNIENE ' COM 'ANY, 8 HIGH•STRHET. HANFnRD, STOKU-ON-TRENT.

TRELAND.—BED aird SITTING ROOM, English. Five minutes from sea. Dark room.-24 FLORENCE RD., Bray. Wicklow. DUBLII9.-49, Eccles street; central, comfortable, moder- at. for visitors ; with or without board.—Mrs. GEORGE SEYMoUR. 3LACKPOOL—Cocnfortable APAR= LINTS near Station; 1 le. per day or 4s. with board.—ftpp ly Mrs. YATES, 28, Swainson pt.

BLACKPOOL.—DIive KER.HAW and Mrs. ED°lt, 65 Palatine road, Comtortable APARTMENTS. Piano. Terms moderate.

ORECAMBB.— APARTMENTS ; piano; near front and pier • good fishing.—dr. TYSON. Grafton rd., Morecambe, W BLACKPOOL.—MERCER, Public and Private APART ENTS, 26, St. Chaa's rd., Promenade South tihore sea view ; piano. RHYL.—APARTMENTS ; sunny aapect ; bath; piano. Terms low.—Mrs. CHARLES JONES, Lozelle House, Edward Henry at.

PA.IITINISNTS.—Where to stay at, for visitors to , SOUTHPOIIT ; good accommodation at 23 &25 PORT- LAND ST Central. 2LR KT W OOD.— Corn for table a PARTIIIIINT6 near sea and 1: Promenade; bath, itc.; good cooking.—WINSTANLEY. 92, London at.

WIIITBY. YORKS.—Furnished House near Beach. golf, 3 sitting 5 bedrooms, bathroom.--RosEra GRAY & Soar. House Agents.

A LDRRLRY 14DGR.—THORNILEY.1 Tea Rooms, ()norley Ball lane. Picnic Parties catered lor. Accommo- dation for Cyclists.

BLACKPOOL. —Double Bedroom, with Sitting-room, near sea, piano, 21 per week.--11rs. IieRGIIKAVEI, 11, Cross it., North Shore,

LANWRSI2 near Bettwa-y-Cied.—Oomfortable APART. ILA MRNTS ; sitting and two bedrooms, bath, etc.—Apply Mrs. WILL. aml, Lystawel, ORRCA3ll3l3.—Superior public and private APART- -al lacing sea and:Weat end Pier.--31118. 9, }lrving Terrace, W.

lIAR ROGATE.— Coln lona We APAR rAI liN t'S, sitting- room ; 1,2, or 3 bedrooms ; terms moderate.—Mrs. Datta,22 Chatsworth place. DLACKPOOL.-APARTNIENTS, public or private; central; near sea and trams.—Mrs. PALMER, 23, Dale it. From Ardwick, Manchester.

SOUTHPORT.—Comfortable APAR= RkiTS ; good Beds, moderate terms; two minutes' waik from pier. —The Misses ASHWoRTH, 35, Bold at. IDLACKPOOL.—Mrs. GODDARD, 16, LIVINGSToNE RD., _LI (central). Homely APARTMENTS Is. per night, with board 4s. 6th per day inclusive.

ANGOI-1, WaIeti.—APARTMEN IS, with ur without board ; comfortable,mcderate ; central; cycle accommo-. dation —Rveris. 299, High St.

JLA RROGAT st.—Comfortable humely APAHTMIiNTS Sitting. one or two Bedrooms ; terms moderate.— Apply Mrs. H., 35, Fr-nklin rd.

ABERYSTWYTH. —eomtortable APAR IMENTS ; five minutes t rom sea ; terms moierate. —Apply Mre. SALMON, Vaynor H ouse, North rd.

BLACKPUUL.—APAREMBLYTo, private or public; moderate terms ; close to promenade and cars. Mrs. BREEzE 23, Nelson lid.. South Shore.

SUPERIOR APAdt INIENT:4 at Farmhoase in healthy and bracing country ; tint scenery.—Mrs. THORLEY, Blacon House, Dalton, Parbold, near Southport.

V IS I T O R S to London will find clean, country APART- MINTS, good beds; terms moderate; pear Angel.- 116, LivEßPoot. RD., Islington, London.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. HARI LEY, Emerald House, 8.), ALBERT RD., (late of 62, Palatine-road and formerly of Bolton). Apartments public I private.

BIACKPOOL.—Mrs, BARON, 23, Vance rd. ; one minute from Central station and amusements ; comfortable APARTMENTS; terms moderate ;

lOLWYN BAY. Comf.nt,ble S.PAKTNIHNTS five minutes walk from shore, terms moderate, h and c bath - Mr.. GRIFFITHS, Olinda, Abergele rd.

BLACKPOOL.—Home froria home. Mrs. A. HUDSON, Hartford Houie. 52, Albert-road, near Uentral Station. Public and Private Apartments ; piano.

• AMSBY.—Hartshi 11, Mooragh Pi omer.ade. —Superior It, PRIVATE APARIMBN'IS ; toating and bathing from door ; terms moderate.—Mrs. W. WALca. ------- AB RYSTWYTH.—APARTHRNTS, pleasantly situated: sea view ; with or without board : terms moderate. —Mrs. litcH•Rnsols. Matilde Villa, Trefor Road. CIOM VORTABLR APAItTMENTS. pleasantly situated k._) every home comfort ; facing sea ; terms moterate.--Mrs T. oTAINToN, Sea-view, Rhos-on-Sea. Colwyn Bay, N. W. DRIGHTO '‘T —Lady'm House, furnished, excellent pos tion IJ £2. Shops end Villas, £26 to £9s.—Yousct HOLBECK ANDsADLER, Auctioneers. Brighton. (Mortgages wanted). rt taIBCAM BK.—Comfortable APAIITMRNTq. Misee • Nicholson, Timsoury Howe, 12, Vi ellinvton Terrace near 1. and N. w Stein, , five rid site. from PromenaJe.

PA RTMENTS.—Two sitting, three Bedioorns (one .11 double) ; semi-detached viii.. ; land attached ; fresh eggs and milk trom own dairy —Jo:4Es, Brynelorian, LI nfairfechan. I3LACKPOI/L, nOUTH SHOHB.—FUHNISHISD HOUnB, July. August, and r,r,ptemher, or portion ; four minutes from station and Dier.-55, Wiinrixm, RD., South Shore, Blackpool.

NIT INDEEIMERE —Comfortably FURNIIHED UOTrAGri I near Lake. Three g6od bedrooms, two living, piano : water inside. July, 255. vf,ekly ; August, 30s.—Apply, 82, CANNING ST. Liverpool. LLANDRINDOD WELLS, the beauty spot of Central Wales. Visitors' Lat. post free, Ittd. ; Guide, ld post free. Apartments recomm,,nded.—G. GRIFFITH Caxton House, Ilanclrindod Wets. VT RNA! STRAITS. —Detached FURNISHED HOUSE, containing two sitting, four bed rooms, Sca.; croft and gardens adjoining witt.do mile from steamers' pier.— Address NAST COTTAGE, near Menai Bridge.

MORHOAMBV, W Visitors will find comfortable homely APARTMIMES. with or without board, at reasonable trrms, with Mrs JENNINGS, Stanley House, 26, Clarendon-road ; o minute from Pier And Alhambra.

fIMM LA• . —CHALM RR 3 YORK BOARDING lISTAB- LIS'S M /INT, centrAl for all A musements ; first-class table ; horn comforts,terms strictly moderate; sperial terms for mai, s —5. Dhoti° terrace, Promenade, Douglas. 1.0. M.

(IHURCH blititll'ON.—Holmwood Boarding Hone. and Aurea hfiT,. Hlgb-.llass ; good T nnis Court.; standing in own grounds; close to noted Golf Links. Tariff, —Apply Mrs. 'ILK/US, Holmwoorl, Church Stretton. Salop.

XI ORIOAMBI. MTHW Royalty RESTAURANT, LV Opposite General P.O. Oldest established Caterers 'n Morecambe. Large and small parties catered for. satisfac- tion guaranteed. Mol.-rate prives. Cyclist accommodation. Hot (flutist's every day. Apartments.

NOTHING FITS YOU SO WELL FOR THE BURDEN AND HEAT OF THE DAY as van *utert n 9 s ocoa If you have not tried it Buy a new 6d Tin, You will get 25 cups out of it and enjoy every cup. BEST & GOES FARTHEST.

liAli!A ic,4,,ttce,--t . . 1 Geitil GIQA a lifirk ' are tf\e, limsr---ti I ii, vaCue iN II IP brag\ Cig(Nri ootaiNabte_ I GM 5110K5 2° euK :7 for ii- ~' - # Tla ji,,-/te. --diAl 1 GODIVA , CIGARETTES =------- -2 10 FOQ 3° - -..- , AV 155 Q. 05. C° Cat N-T-

MAKES .. ixT": ES_ K. 1,1.- . . as S 0 F T as o,sic S .. it, . Ni * VEL V E T p ?,S5-1?' rs A. . '!' 1 1 R. crnov,, all . . . , • Ud t C1.:1 .... - -''''s '• ROGHNESS. REDNESS, HEAT. Or-7 IRRITATION, TAN,and . KEEPS THE SKIN ~ SOFT, SMOOTH, and WHITE . ALL THE YEAR 70UND. Delightfullg COOLIN,; X REFRESHING . ' - durin9 the summer , . Bottles, V-, 1/9, and 2/6 each. M. BEETHAM & SON, Cheltenham._

MERRY WEATHERS , Zl4-,,,,-----ki, , ~., ~,,,....0...•,i,...........................24 44, i,„..,,,''- HI---, ' •• . • .. , CLASS. - • :.` ..,, =-CARDEist- HOSE ' .6..3 LONG ACRE...,ICDNDON. 'LARGEST MAKERS OF 'HIGH ,CLASS HOSE IN THE WORLD

DR. KING'S 'DANDELION & QUININE LIVER Ezr. PILLS FOR BILE, WIND, INDIGESTION, Headache, Furred Tongue, Sickness, Giddiness, loss et Appetite, Heartburn, Shoulder Pains, Constipa- tion, and all Liver and Stomach Complaints. DR. KING'S PILLS, GUARANTEED WITHOUT MERCURY. still keep ahead of all others as a Liver Remedy, and are unequalled as a Family Pill. Sold everywhere, is. id., 2S. 9d. and 4s. 6d. per box. Solely manufactured by J. Reese & Co., 132 York Rd., Lambeth, London.

TENNENT's T LAGER BEER. GUARANTEED BRIGHT Cc FREE FROM SEDIViENT. To be obtained from M. WALKER & SONS LTD., Warrington and of all Grocers and Wine Merchants. Matured in Cold Storage for months before being bottlecli See that Every Bottle has the Red T Label. 19, Lancelots Hey. Liverpool. WELLPARK BREWERY, GLASGOW.

Only those who ride a Premier

have any idea of the ' full joys of Cycling. Catalogue and booklet Agents free. Premier Cycle Co. everywhere. Ltd.. Coventry. RUNCORN: bOt)IH. ST. HELENS: W. CORE3taTT, NoRTH RD. WIDNES : W. COOK, ALLiz.lif RD. WARRINGTON: J. S. GARLAND, BRIDGii ST.

WED DING RINGS. • CHARLES WOLF'S NOTED GUINEA GOLD WEDDING RINGS A HANDSOME PRESENT, GIVEN to every Pur- chaser of a ring. iEngagement Rings a Speciality. WALTHAM. ELGIN:' & ENGLISH, LEVER WATCHES. For Jewellery of every description the public wit ,benefit by visiting, CHARLES WOLF Wholesale Jeweller, 10, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL

ENGLISHMEN IN TROUBLV housands r G glistunen %re in pain %nil trouble ever! day thiough Backache, Lumbago, Gravel, Kidney lease. Dropsy, Wind, Water Complaints. All LWOW' will find a positive cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Ping' Money returned if not satisfied. pogt e 12 stamps —HOLDROI: Id, D'Blr, Medical har• focaleaisl Cleckbeatun , Yorks.

, 41 KEARSLEY'S . 0 . Ix! 100 YEARS REPUTATION ~.. ,si A .... .. • p. Z - WIDOW WELCH'S 00 ,-. 1" FEMALE PILLS. r 0 Awarded oertitit.afe,of aferlt for the ewe of all irregullt; ties, anaemia, and all female complaints. They hsv?,ns. laphperoorvialyl ogfeitibueineM.enidlcoarligPirnoafelsasrioekin Bwhewitaree Paper Initta",, —s WraPPe2rch Boxes le lid and 2s 9d of all chemists, or by post. 18.... et. afld 2s. 10d. Makers, 0 and G KEs.Fin-0f,17, North at.' ________---•••" Westminster. [Note White Wrapper.] Sold in the 00:01116.

PEEK, FREAN & CO.'S "PAT-A-CAKE (Regd. BISCUITS.

The key to good ironing lies in the starch. If "any kind of starch will do," it's likely to be "any kind of ironing." Good starch is as essential to good ironing as "knowing how." You can get good starch if you insist. COLMAN'S STARCH is as good as COLMAN'S -* MUSTARDI lam (L.. st.d If IL

Oburation.

SHAPINLO SCHOOL, LYrHiLNI. Pacing the sea. Re- cognised by the Botrd ot WiticAtion as an efficient school. Principal, Dr. SLATICR. M.A., P. 11.4.8. IJNIVERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT. A MOST SITCCEIIBFUL BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOIL W. HI4NDHItBON. M.A., Principal,

A HOLIDAY SCHOOL will be held at Schorne College. Pl_ Winslow, Bucks. from Amend sth till September 20th. Special individual tuition—Cricket, Golf, Cycling, Driving. Gymnasium.—Apply C. M. WRIGHT, M.A., Schorne College, Winslow, Rucks

OXFORD ROUSH SCHOOL, bT. AN4ES-ON-THB-311A. —BOYS Prepared for the Public Schools. Thorough grounding and IndiyiJual teaching. New, specially designed buildings. Mid term begins June 17th. Principal J. F. BRINDLE. B.A. (Oxon).

ST. ASAPH GRAMMAR SCHOOL, N. WALUS. PUBLIC BOARDING SCHOOL. Well equipped. Laboratory, Workshop. Healthy, picturesque situation. Near Cathe- dral. Bracing sir. Individual attention. Preparation for university, professional. ,nd commercial exams.-11. MAINER, M.A., B.Sc., head master.

,ZOUTHPORT MODERN BCtioOL, SC xRISBRICK k NHW-ROAD. One of the LARGEST PRIVATH SCH,,OLS In the North of England. CAPT. J. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P.. F.R.G.S.. Head Master.

MRK uER NEST 8 tW. nIaLoTi r,m C eeter oiMs t.,. E.aurs Professorotiur 0 of f PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certiticatea and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practioe.—For terms apply 134, LovELT-LANE Warrington.

LADIES' COLLEGE URMSTON. NEAR MANCHESTER. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. PEnsciPALs ; Mrs. B. ELLIDGE, Trained Certificated Teacher, Registered Calettin B Teachers' liegistex ; Miss M. HOLLAND, London Trained Kindge•garten Teacher. Full staff of Resident English and Foreign Mis- tresses, and Visiting Professors. Pu;Als prepsred for Oxford anc: Cambridge Local and Music Examinations. FREs MODERATE. PROSPECTUS and REVERENCES ON APPLICATION.

poultry, Col, M.

WRITE LBGHORN BOGS (pure), good laying strains ; 25. 64. 13; unfertiles repIaced.—THRELFALL, Thorpe Green, Brindle near Chorley. .

"VOWL COHN, 75 6d. 10. 6d, 12 64. 2401b5 ; Pig Food. 75 6d X and Poultry Meal, 85. and 105., per 2001174.—110cHE AND Co., 15, Goree piazzas Liverpool. Mention paper.

LIGGS FOR SITTING.—Last season, though bad season. .1-A my ewv. gave general satisfaction; inspection invited for the following pure fed Fowls; Langsbans. goudens. Black Orpington'. Buff Wyandotte., Black Leghorn', Buff Leghorn., iirown Legborns, White Leghorn' Blue Andel- usians. Buff Orpingtons, Indian Game. Lanelshire Buffs, Golden Wyandotte., Silver Wyandottes, Blsok Minorca., Barred Plymouth Rocks Three pens first crosses to produce good layers and tible fowls, viz: Houden Cock, Buff Orpington Hens; Indian Game Coek, Lancashire Buff Hens! Langshan Co,k, Black awl Orpington Hens. Biggs all one price, 2. 6d per siting of 13 eggs if called for 3s if pack.ci for rail. Duck eggs, 2s per dozen, if called for, 2s 6d for rail. Pens open for inspection every nay (Smithy excepted). }UMW DRAPica.2O6, Newton Rd, Lowton St. Mary's near Newton-le-Willows.

&bares QTOCK•3 AND SHARES, M SANIAS AND CO., CAmomiLE STREI4T CHAMBERS, LONDON. E.O. FORTNIGHTLY AMOUNTS OPRNED ON FAVOURABLR TERMS.

Ittorlos, Bugintemeo. ett.

• BUTCH kift SHOPS.—Trades £ll3, £l6, Proof, main G road near market, sacrificing. £7O. £l4O. —FoGo, Sel- kirk Rd.. Tooting.

2100 will buy old established Tobacco and Fancy business, Main Road ; owner retiring.-46, OXFORD Ro.an, liti‘nchester.

Q STARTS a very profitable BGS I RIMS in every unrep- t/ resenfed town, worth £lOO a month to the right man PHA4NO. South Farnborough, Hants. UISH. OHIPq, FBAS, CABBAGH, and RIBS; takings 12 average £8 per week; good business; could do mote; cause of leaving taking public; genuine.-285, CHESTER RD., Hulme, Manchester.

WIGAN —ON SALE. an old-established FRIED FISH and CHIP BUSINESS, in main thoroughfare. Two stov.s, pot‘to wasberpeeier. Other businesses reason for giving up.-9, STANDISHGATE PLACE.

111) RAKIIRS and CONFBCTIONFIRS.—To be SOLD by PitIVATFC TRBATY, an exceedingly old and Well- established BUSINRSS in the Midlands. with valuable con- nection; exceplonal opportunity, -Apply, SADLER , Auctioneer, Tamwort h.

TO PARTIES WANTING A SOUND BUSINESS IN LIVBRPOO!. DROWN ACCOUNTANTS. TRANSFER BUiINESS AGENTS AND VALUERS. RSTABLISHED 1875. WILL BUY, SELL, OR VALUE ANY (`LASS OF BUSINESS, STOCKS. OR MACHINERY, WILL FIND YOU A PARTNER WITH £5 TO £5OOO, NO SALE, NO CHARGE. SOUTH JOHN STREET. LIVERPOOL

*/ ottses anti Eanti an alt.

rilWO HOUSES, Warbrick Drive, Gynn Estate, all con- .' veniences.—Apply G. MoRHISoN, Squire's Gate line. South Shore, Blackpool. _

LIOR SALE, two shops (one shut up. could be in ade one). st ble, coach-house, loft, splendid house. One best positions Cardiff. —Apply OWNER. 8, Grove Rd, Brixton-1

VFIREHOLD LAND, in many counties, for Cottage. Shop, Yarns or idension, Plots from 2,0 each or £2O per acre ; good roads. pay.ble by instalments, free deels. Also Houses. shops, and;Bungalows.—Mr. BRAKE, Farn- borough, Hants.

:,(+ltbiral.

WITHOUT STOMACHIC DOSlNG.—Chronic Eczema and Ringworm Cured ; remedies 13d.-1.". HARRIS, See. 119 Hanover et., Sheffigid.

T WRILI FY in women ; Its causes end curative treatment. By a late Senior PhysiAlan to a Hospital for women. New kdition just published.post free 38.3 d.—SHELLEY it Co. LTD.,3B, firacechurch it.. London.

VXPRRIBNCED Male and Female NUIISHS at ft V/ moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURRES vim'. Hope Home, Hone-street. Liverpool. Telephone 2570 Royal. Telegraphic Address" Nurses." PILBS (Hemorrhoids). ' Anoid supposlt3ries; The mar- vellous guaranteed. Cure, never fails. enormous sale. Boxes. is. I}4. (and treble quantities). 26 94. Sample 3 stampe.—FEux, 14. Neville at., Newcastle-on-Tyne.

NASH'S BMBROCtiTION. CIIRES Gout, Sciatica, Crimo. Sprains, Rheumatism. Swellings Weakness. Toothache, Bruises Stings, Colds, Lumbago. &c. One bottle will prove its worth. free by post, Is. 11d.—Ni.sw, Shere, Surrey.

1) HRUMR.TOID ARTHRlTlS.—Rheurnatism, Rheumatoid IL Arthritis and I2heumatic dolt speedily Cured. Mar- vellous new discoveries. Splendid results !—B.taiget- Goui.n. Hhumaticl Specialist, Queenswood-road. Moseley, Birmingham. Advice and Testimonials Free.

iflattnnern, etc. _ vo "SALK twn F+oo horse VPrtical Compound Marine-type CONCHNSING RWGINI43, by Galloway.. 171 n. and 34th. cylinders. THOMAS! lonrsosr. Prescott St., Wigan

ON SAL% One MORTAR PAN, with Rngine I and Boiler attached ; pan sft. diamet.r ; new 12 months ago; cheap to clear.—Apply J. MooRE, contractor, Entwlsle rd., Rochdale.

GARDNHR GAS AND 3IL HNGINES show highest economy and give no trouble, From 1 to 50 Horse Power ; Lathes and Machine Tools of all kinds, Works fitted eomplete.—GAßDNEß DEPOT. Cleveland Square, Liverpool.

pATENT OFFICP- MANCHESTER HATABLI9EISD IN 1836. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have haJ more than 40 years' personal experienoelv nonn.otion with this Establish- ment andpossesspraetimtlknowleciee of the notton,woollei an,' iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 8(1. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. (3110111314 DAVIES, & SON. 11.1. P. M.S.A 4 .ST. ANN'S SQUARE; MANCHESTER.

QT. GRORGR'S IRON WORKS. LI Ni11"40 (late Ormerod, Grierson and Co.), Hu!me. Manchester, have the Largest assortment of WHBIRL and PULLRY PATTHRNS in the trade. In addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, Pruey and Tooth Block Patterns Cm., telonglng to the late Henry Wren and Co., London road Iron Works, Manchester, an, are in a position to Supply CLSTINGS, Millwright,aryt a!1 kin of Hngineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and rullev Patterns on application. N.T., No. 2E9, Manchtater: Telegraphic address: " Ormerod Grierson. Manchester."

I Iftiotellanouo, en 'ate, ttr.

ILTENV POTATOES.— 28. for basket of Nibs, ; cash with order.—Return the basket. —FISHER 8C CoNkr, Jersey. GENUINR CABINET PHOTOGRAPHS, ss. dozen; send P.O. and card.—CABEY,G4yfield Pl.,Campbeltown,Argyll PRINTING.--t5O Memos, Cards or Billhearbs, 28. 4d. ; 100, 1. 18.6 d. ; specimens free.—RITLELVe PRlNTEar,Viimborne

100 WpAo nT sCo Hn bEyS BtL: I IT' na d ewaacrhd —s et . LBDII Dir ea Pr st r 9d6. London, R.E. VOTB PAPER for nothing,—A,ddress your request ' tionery Department,' TEANDEMCO, 'Temple Bar House, Fleet st., London.

44MATKINIONIAL POST." 'aided 5d., with circular 9d.; dist.nce immaterial.—lilhrron, 10. Trafalgar Build- ings, London, W.C.

(I.ARDBN-140sB, best quality 60 feet with fittings 13s. 6d. k_A Or Bd. per yard, carriage paid.--LEEDS RUBBER Co., 12, Boar Lane, Leeds. QfGNS AND LITTERS of every description made to order 0 by B. R. LATHAM, Glass Decorator and Signmaker, 89, Renshaw st Liverpool.

41?OOTWASH '—Cures Tender, Hot, Perspiring Feet, 6d. 12 and is. (sample two stamps).—HlLL3tax, GANE & Co., Hammersmith, London. W.

NOW-YU use it POWDlili for Tired and Hot Feet,refresh- ing and comfortine. Tins 4d. each, post paid.—J.D., 74, Reels. rd., Lavender Hill, S.W.

WHIJKLY' £5OO Juggle Competition. JL Splendid solutions, 20 for 6d. ; complete, 11.—W., 37, Heathfield Gardens, Chiswick. W.

1 ADY'S or Gent's Watch, absolutely reliable. Finest 1..1 value in the world, post free 10s. 6d.—G. W. BAYLIS. 16 Market Place, Henley-on-Thames.

rifilinCHT bats. 31. 6d. each; men's all cane, cane and kj rubber. 4s. 6d. each ; youth's, 35., 2s. 6d.; stock soiled, unused.-786, OLD KENT RD., Lonclan.

(10AT and BLOUSR H&NGEKS. Keep the 'boulders in kj shape. Three for 5d.. six for 94.. twelve for le. 4d. Post free.—Mii.mit's Fancy Stores. Truro.

SMOKB GRADY'S DEFENDER TOBACCO" It does not burn the tongue." Sold everywhere in packets with coupon Wholesale.—GßADY, King at., Wigan. ItEVOLVING RUBBER HEELS.—How to fix then your self. Send stamp for price list and full instructions.— Addrees HEEL Pe.ns COMPANY, Northampt3n.

11d. LADIRS.DRESS L4NGTII3 in Voiles Plakesderge. e.) Cashmeres, &c., from 3/11 per 6 yards. Carriag,e paid Patterns H. MIDDLETON 1 CO., Dept. N., Bradford.

DO not be ashamed of doing hcusework. Send 7fd.. to the HANDOBINE Co.. 148,01 d St.. London. Their preparation removes stains, and leaves the hands soft and white. y /UGH assortment of new and Second-hand Leather Suit I_4 Cases, Cabin TrunkP, Portmanteaus, and Bags to be sold cheap.—WENTEB, 107 Charing Cross rd., London.

HIsT STONE GING6I{ BEER BOTTLW.4 ss. 6d. per .-1/ Grose. (In large or small quantities), packages free.— Apply Bow POTTERY, Three Mills Lane. Btomley by Bow, Middlesex. B.

rpu OLD CLIIINTS.—Tbanks for presents received over 1 Lady Diakka. New clients pay reply with full address for neat stable commission to RosE, Commission Agent, Roland's Gill Station.

FIPHB SIGNHT SHORIITAHIAT. London, undertakes Secretsrial, Translation, Press, Law. Stationers', and Typewriting work. —Telephone, 231, Holborn. Good firm offered London address.

r ACM CURTAINS direct from the maker, 2s. 6d., 3s. 6d.. Li 41. 6d., a pair, white or cream. Two pairs Handsome Bedroom Curtains sent carriage paid for 3s. IId.—THE WAREHOUSE. 9, Market Place, Mansfield.

DBAUTY BATH POWDRRS ensure beautiful clear skin, and blush-rose complexion. Remove blemishes, de- lightful and perfectly harmless. 1.. each ; 8 for 58. ;12 for 9s. —PEacY, 106 Akerman Road, London.

WATIMPROOF COSTS tt3. same material and pliable a railway sheett,l2lt. by 91t. 12s. ; 15ft. by 91t , 15s, and any size at ls., per sq, v ard, with lashes ; Cash re- turned if not approved.—HENßY J. GARSON. Rye.

I\T HTTI NG. t LUTING. Rabbit Nets, FootbaillGoal Nets, 1.1 Ring Nets, Purse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description. THOMAS JOHNSON'S, Net Warehouse Corporrtion-street. Manchester.

BLOUSBS FOR SALB.—Smart. up -to-date style, made of good wearing material; only 2s. and 2s. 6ci..ach. Send cash, and we will dispatch goods immediately.—GouDox & Co., 163, St. John's road. Upper Holloway, London.

'VENTS. REMNANTS. FENTS.—In Prints, Whites, J. Greys, Muslin, Sateens, Flannel ettee, Delaines ;by weight or yard ; cheap lines suitable for markets : send for price &NDREWS IC Co., 61 Fair lkner at.. Manchester.

110MR-MADH LHMONADH, Highly concentrated, finest flavour, nothing to equal it; add cold water to produce delightfully refreshing drink; to make 2 gallons 4d. post free. —BARTLETT BROS , 65 Dundee lioad,South Norwood,London.

A BRAUTIFUG SINGAR you can positively become tlis through possessing my secrets. Wonderful scitntific die- covPries ; success guaranteed ; write free book immediately. —Him:satins, 141, Westbourne Terrace, Hyde Park, L•ndon.

fIONSEIRV ATORlRS.Rreenhouses,fr amiss, 21 oz greenhouse k../ glass, studios, sheds,Scc. Intend lug purchasers can ob- tain the best for quality, designs, and c heapness from B. HODSON, Manufaqurer, Tyldesley. Lis t and estimates free. State wants. rirSit. CID RR, PICKRY.—Fine.t qualities. Low prices. 1 If bowht on the Kingswly ' system the purchasers cteate rash incomes for themselves. Send for particulars to the KINGSWAY SYNDICATE, LIMITED 6, Vincent Squa:e ktansions. London, S. R.

rICHR NATIONAL PORTRAIT. size 21x16, price 7s. 61. Finished in Black and White. and mounted on Stretcher fin- framing. Can be done from any photoctraph• Carriage free. —Box No. 1924. Co SHA.RRow & THATCHKR, West street, Cambridge Oirms, London, W.O.

-- TO BE 901 D.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive 1 Works, lately uged by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Lani, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—A.ddress J. tio3iurva. 16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

QAVR YOUR RAY AND CoßlS,—Dizon's Steel and Iron L) Barns are economical, durable. quickly erected. storm proof, give protection against fire, can be cheaply remvel ; Rave their cost In few years ; thousands in use. pri,es reduced; 3 yearly payments if desired.—lssac Dixort, Windsor Iron- work., Ridge Hill, Liverpool.

00K! You have nll helped to pay for them before. U life Guards' Military Knee Boots, smart appearance. 7s. 64. per pair ; Naval Knee Boots, very strong, 61. 64. per pair ; Bluchers, 51. 64. pe. pair ; any size ; carriage paid. Cash returned if not approved of.—HENRY J. GAssox, Government Contractor, 11,7 e.

HOLIDAY PA,ITIMR, USRFUL NOVRLTY —Dancing easily and correctly learnt by Dancewell Charts. Rim- pie and unique method, under Royal patronage. Copyright Waltz and Reverse, Lady or Gentleman, 3s• 6d ; Two steps and Yale, is. 6d. Liberal terms for bazaars.—SECRETARY, 2, Harrington Gardens, London

WHY 1,0 ABOUT IN AGONY ?—Yetton's Real Buctc- skin Boots give immediately to the eet. and keep soft, and give relief at once, and are a Certain Cure for Corns and Bunions. 13e. 6d. to 25s Send me an old hoot. I have sold thousands of pairs for customers all over the world. 30 years at 65 FORE STREET. City and Tottenham.

A BOON TO DAILY RAILWAY TRAVIILLRRS.—YearIY tt Season Tickets, with which the holler can travel by any train. or any Railway—may be had for a Reduced Weekly Payment; or for a les. Monthly. or Quarterly Pay• ment than those charted by the Railway Companies. —All information from the MUTIJ&L Sc:A.ON TICKET AGEN7,Y, 6, Lever street, Manchester.

jasOß SAL% H PORTABLB f)FFIC on Wheels fitted desks, 1: drawers, gas fittings complete. gtanhooe gig rubber Tyres all latest improvementa. Double, single and tandem Harness, saddles, bridles, night and show held halters, rugs and hoods, zinc mangers, all practically new, also quantity of Disinfectants and Veterinary Medicines.—Appiy RYMER Co., 16 Brasenose rd., Bootle.

SHIM POTATORS. —l,OOO loads of various kinds of selected seed vie., Irhe British Queen, Scottish Triumph, Up-to-date., Professor Maerker. Standard ; also now seed direct from Scotland. The attention of previous customers Is drawn to the fact that none of the seed is old and that it has not been grown more than one season either in Lancashire or Cheshire.—Apply J. CLIFF 8: Co.. 1 Foundry st.,Warrington.

S. Carriage paid YOUR PHOTO ENLARGED. and eP mounted on best plate-sunk mount measuring 201 n., by 16in , andi finished by the new and beautiful airbrush process (real gems of art) see testimonials Original returned untainted. Qend photo with postal-note for 55.. to the CRowN " PuoTo-RNLARGING Co., 59, and 61, KelvinsiAe Avenrm Glasgow.

ADDIS SPECIA.L RLkCK STOCKINGS, post free, II 7d., Bd. 9d. Thousands selling weekly.—Tug MILL, 67, Mill Hill road, Norwich.

QUIT LBNGTI-19, marvellous value, Bs. Bd., Ils., l. Od: ,to.; also Trouserings, patterns free.—J. HARPER, Woollen Mernhant. Glodholt, l-futidArsfi.ld.

FOUNTAIN PHNS —laryellons offer. bank rupt menu - lecturers' stock. .ss. 91. Vulcinite,bandsornel P mounted Fountain Pens Is. 6d. eacb. PROCTOR, Abertillery. AGNIFICENT HOLID 4.1 t Wit OR TO HfirßY ,contain ing fifty full peed photogrb..)hi,! yiews.free th re Apncee SECRETARY,lmprovement As tiation,Tenby.Pemb rokeAaire-

ri ODDS value 18s. (jewellery clothing rfcc,) free in return T for veil, slight trouble.—Sond stamped envelope to GENERAL SUPPLY CO .133,Upper Moss Lane Manchester P.W

Trnrer., lasrkgyligutrtictoypinofg, gi!tred.erns. at bSitue Helettersi; Cheap for quick sale, --Apply JOIBEPR CART limited, Canter- bury-street. Blackburn. Tel. 303.

D. BROURRS Complete PRINTING OUTFIT. or 2 letter e... 1 monogram (self-inklng) boxed; 7d. sacures 7 year (-bit.. Rnergetie agents wanted. commission good.—RICCA.RD BROS. 195 Old Christchurch oad. Bournemouth, CIA.LF CONDIMENT RHARING MEAL has no equal; cheaper than any other; used on our farm with profit- able success. Remittance for le.. will forward receipt.—W. WABRURToN, Dallam Farm, Nr. Warrington, Lance.

RUCHNT GEOGRAPHY for teachers and scholars, clear maps, full notes. Trans-Siberisn, Cape-Calro,Canadian Pacific railways; Baltic. Suez, Panama. Nicaragua, Manches- ter Ship Canals, Angio-lapanese Treaty, 14c., per post, is. id., MIDLAND EDUCATIONAL Co., Leicester.

CIKLBENO " removes Dirt, •Irease, Stains, &c.. from hands like magic; unlike Putn.ce Stone or Sand. it leaves the skin smooth, white, ant delicately p -rfumed.— Write to-day and send three stamps for a 6d. bow from Sevo Co . 142, Green Lanes. Stoke Newington N., London.

gpaleg hp aqttion. IMPORTANT SALE oF HOUsKI-101.17 PURNI I.'sltCK AT'!? BRIDGE STRI.ET, Wa.REiltiP4TO g, ON TiiBiDAY, JUNE 28TH, 1934. Al R JOHN MAGINN has been instrictA .by 1 H. MILLER, gag , who is retiring from busini,ss and leaving the district, TO 481. L BY AUC PION. WI MOUT RIIIiHRVB, on TUNS° itY, JUNK, 23tio. 1974 at the above address, the entire Stook ot HOU;ICHOLD FURNI CURE and EFFECTS. Consisting of Dining-room, Drawing-room, Bedroom. Kitchen.an. Wash-house Furniture, Shop Fittings, &c. Articles, in trier a. follows DINING-ROOM —Massive 6ft. oak Sideboard, with bevel plate in centre of back ; oak lining-room Suite, consisting of six small chairs, two easy chairs and couch, upholstered in leather and hair cased; 81c osk Di singlT 51loose leaves ; mahogany Bookcase, Brussels Carpet, 12ft by loft. 61n. , Curb and Fire Bras.es. Oil Paintings, Marble Cisck and Bronze., O'rersnantel. Ornament., g 3 Ac RAWIEG-1100 M.— Mahogany Chippendale Drawing- room Suite of 'Seven pieces. upholstered in Genoa velvet. mahogany Chippendale Cabinet, Chippendale Overmantel. occasional Moles, Rosewood Piano by Broadwood tt Co.; Turkey Carpet, 14ft. by 12ft. ; Curb awl Brasses Flower Pots, Curtains,Blinds, Occasional and Easy Chairs, Pictures, !to.. Ac. BREAKFAST-ROC/X.—Mahogany Suite of nine pices, upholstered in hair cloth and hair stuffed, mahogany Chiffonier, Pictures, Carpets, Rugs, Clocks, Ac., &c. HALL STAIRS and LANDING —Oak hall Chars, grand- father a Clock in mahogany case, Hall Tab'e, Pictures,Swing Lamp, Stair Carpets, Mats. Ice. No. 1 BROW/WC—White enamel Bedroom Suite, con- sisting of Wardrobe, Dressing Table. Washstand and Thairs. fitted with bevel plate glasses; enamel and brass Bedstead, wire Mattress, nair Mattress, &c. tc., Floor Covering. Fen- der; and Comm./de Chair. No. 2 BISDROOM.—Massive brassmounted Bedsteai, wire Mattress. wool Mattress,Bedling,&c. Solid walnut Bedroom Suite, ccnsisting of Wardrobe. Dressing Table, Washstand, and Chairs, fitted with bevel plates stud marble slabs. No. 3 BEDROOM. —The same as No. E. with the exception of different design of Bedroom tinge in solid walnut. No. 4 BEDROOM—Brass-mounted Beds'easi, wire Mat- tress, and Bedding complete, pair of enclosed solid walnut Bedroom Stands with bevel plate swing glasses and marble slabs. No. 5 BEDROOM.-3mail size Bedstead. wire Mattress, and Bedding, pair of Dr‘ssing Chests in ash, with toilet glass and marble slabs. Carpets, Toilet Ware, &c., &c. SERVANTS BIM ROOM .—Bedsteads and Bed iing Dressing Chest, Toilet Glasses in Maho,any Frames, three painted Chests of Drawers. Chairs. doc.. do, KITCHEN FURNITURE —Kitchen Tables, Dresser, Ohairs, Armchairs, Rocking Chairs, Fender and Fireirons. Sewing Machine. Cooking and Table Utensil., Wringing Machine and Washing Utensils, &c. Curtains. Blinds, Curtain Poles, Linoleum. on floors. Oilcloth, &c.. Ac. A large quantity of mahogany SHOP Fl ; four large Stone Garden Flower Pots, 3ft. 61n. high; and many other articles too numerous to mention. All the above furniture is in perfect condition and almost new, having been purchased by Mr. Miller less than three years ago. EVERYTHING TO BR SOLD WITHOUT RESERVE. SALE TO COMMENCE AT 12.30 PROMPT. Goods on View on Morning of Sale. For further particulars apply to the Asationeer, JOHN MAGINN, Warrington.

ROBERT LOWZ. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONENR, & VALUER Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TKLEPEIONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED oN GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Sfcond-band Prirnit,ire and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Fumitute, &a.. warehouse t.

500 14-GUINEA CYOI...IiS at 7 Guineas each sent on approval.—D. WALTON. Hehden ldge,Yorkshir,.. D ALL! CAR, by Anne Cowburn ; splendid condition ; suit 14 to 15h. cob ; mate, !annum, cushions, WARD. Leal eci , Pendleton. 7elephone 0244.

A GOOD Seclnd-hand Ladies' aril Gents' cycle,pneurnatie t• res,nomplete with hell,bag and spanner.must be sold at onee,£2 178. 6d. esch.--111ILLARD,Orie1 Villa,Trowbrkige.

--- TO BR SOLD, a SWUM CAR, equal to new, All latest improvements ; hood, condenser. etc. cost over £250 last year. Offers wanted. Owoer buying larger car.—A. S. DUTTON, 20, Foregate et.. Chester.

HIGH CHADIC BICYCLICS &T LO'M PRICK.—GtCNTS' Free Wheel, two brakes, Warwick Co.'s Cambrlize Tyres. frames gold line 4. superb finish. Gents' machines £6 6s. ; Ladies' £6 les, flighes-, grade, lined red or plain black. £7 71. and £7 106.—W. B. CLA.RIC & CO., ttation rd , Doncaster.

()N SALR, smart RALRIGH GIG, India rubber tyres, In excellent aondition.—Apply IL WHITTLE, 23. Hal!gate. Wigan. - J3LikOK MARK, 15•1 hands, broken to saddle and harness; bred by owner; seven years old.—S. STF:LD, Milling- ton, Altrinchanx.

HOR4SS.-1-feavy Town Light Larry COBS and PONIES always foi sale. Also Store pigs.— Apply DICKINSON, Merchant, Ormskirk.

rlr WO -HORiE WAGGONETTE. with Cover, FOR SALE ; I also one-horse WAGGONETTE. B4rgain. —RICH ARDSON Hollitnel Moor. Uphllland, Win.

BUGGY GIG, with rubber tyres, bell, cushions. and lamps ; also light Brougham with shafts and pole ; both equal to new —R FLETCHER, Seaton, Workington. (AN BAIN, good TRADRSNIAN'S TURNOUT; Bay (Job, 15 hands,live years old ; Dog Cart and new set of harness. Apply JOHN REDFERN, Grove Inn. Miilbrook, Stalybridge.

WAGONKTTBS ON S&L.—One for 24, another for 16. equal to new and in gocd condition. Will sell cheap' G TAYLon,Birch Farm, Long Lane.Hindley Green. Nr Wigan.

ON SAM BROWN PONY, 6 years, 13 hmda ; quiet in flames'. Recommended to any gentleman. Been driven by owner ever since it was uroken. One too many.- 100, LIVERPOOL RD.. llaclisheaci.

1410 R SALE, TWO good SHIRK HEIFERS and a Bullock 1 2f years ; also Pedigree Shorthorn Stock Bull. 2 years old ;eligible for Co4tes's Herd Book. and four well-bred weaning calves.—Apply THOE. lisitklsozs, Crouton Hall, Crouton, Widnes. VESICO SUDORIFIC for lame or unsound Horses.— , Vesico Sudorific is the quickest. safest, 3nd most famous remedy for Splint, Spavin, Ringbone, didebone. Capped Hock and Elbow. Curb, Wiudgsll, Tumours, Weak Legs, itc. Price 21. 6d. orbs., of Chemists, or post free —GREGORY & CO.. Temple, Bristol.

ifloner fIOW TO INVBST, six shillings and upwards a month. L High rate of interest. Agents wanted in Provincial Towns. State if Investor or Agent.—INSTALMENTS TRUST CO., 20, High Holborn, London. I.)BVBRSIONS.—AII classes of Reversions bought; quick 116 completions; loans arranged at low rates.---Affortgage securities wanted at 3i to 4fr per cent. Business Transfer Agency.—T. SMITS( WORSLEY, 26 Oooper street. Manchester

TNVESTAIHNT OFFHIELED.—You can hear of one of the best opportunities of your life. Has earned over £1,00) per day, net, profits for eight years ; will return you 74 to 15 per cent. per annum, and is safe.—Apply 0. NiSL99. 9, Oxford row Leeds.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUMS (NOT LESS THIN £10), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the last 20 years the total amount lent by the undersigned EXCEEDED £1,250,000! He has received hundreds of unsolicited letters of thanks. and has annually, for the past eight years. issued selec- tions from these in pamphlets, of which more than 300,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied free of charge, on application, either personally or by letter, to : GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHE-S.M. ESTABLISHED 1870.

MONEY LENT PRIVATSLY. £5 TO £11000• TO FARMERS. TRADRSY EN, PitOr IiSSIONAL GENTLE- MEN, HOTEL AND LODGING-HOUSE KEEPERS, and to all Responsible Householders Worthy of Credit, upon Note of Hand Alone, in any part of England or Wales. Loan £5 To Eepsy £5 15 0 £lO „ £ll 10 0 ~ ~ £2O £23 0 0 EP P• £4 10 0 £5O , , £5710 0 PP £lOO ~ £ll5 0 0 Extra Charges are made fa cases where considered neces- sary. Larger amounts in p-000rtion. Monthly or Quarterly Payments taken. Special Terms Arranged to suit Borrowers' Own Convenience. 'Strictly Confidential Guaranteed. Letters will have immediate attention. Prospectus free on applica- tion. Call or write in confidence to the National Loan Society 41, Corpora:lon st., Manchester. (Registered Office).

ADVANCES FROM £5 UPWARDS. PERSONS WANTING TEMPORARY CASH ADVANCES SHOULD NOTE THE ADVAN CAGES OFFERED AT THIS OFFICE. (1) THE DESP,ITCH WITH WHICH ADVANCES ARE COMTIJETED. (2) THE SIMPLICITY OF PROMISSORY NOTE, (3) THE REASONABLE RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED. (4) NO FINES FOR ARREARS, (5) REPAYMENTS ARRANGED TO SUIT CON- VENIENCE OF BORROWERS. (6) NO BONDSMEN OR SURETIE REQUIRED. (7) ALL BUSINESS STRICTLY PRIVATE. (3) NO APPLICATION FEES. APPLY PERSONALLY OR BY LETTER. S. A UERBACH. 123. MOUNT' PLEASANT. LTVFMPOOL.

LOANS GRANTRD DAILY, ANY DISTaNCE, FROM £5 r 0 ClOOO FOR ANY IMMEDIATE WANT, BUSINESS OR PRIVATE, also for purchasing or starting new business, on simple promissory note. No fines. AU applications immediately attended to. Apply in confid- ence, personally or by letter, to THE STANDARD LOAN CO.. 4, PARKER STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL TRRMS TO FARMIRRS. HR D OFFICE: 9. CORPORATION RT., MAN CHESTER

£5. £7. £lO. £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. _ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- URN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to onv back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. V. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: ORN E. GOOD WIN. .B.—Estahllnhn rbt. Tweltv, Tears.

fe,_,P" £lO, £l5, £2O, £25, £SO.—ADVANCES MADE to ALL PERSONS WORTHY of CREDIT, on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TERM; FOR SHORT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit male by our Manager on same thy of application who will grant you the money AT ONCE I satisfactory. NOTE: THE BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., 69 Tir 5 AYDoCK STREET Nicift THE MARKET PLACE EARLI4QTO WN.

FROM £3 AND UPWARD-4. Dom, FAIL TO GIVE ITS A CALL AND OriNVINCR YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWH9T TNTRREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable Is 6d w.ekly £2O repayable 7s 6(1 weekly. £5 99 2a o.i ~ £5l ~ 17,4 6d ~ £lO ~ 38 6,1 ~ £lOO , 39s 6d For STRAIGHTFORWARD oHttuilms Rppiy in eln- fidence to MAITRICH AND CO.. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. KLIPAGEREEN, laiftl COTTERTU, CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. }loons, 9 ain to 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTE ,TlDgn TO U-- NI 0 N CKEDET BANK, LIMITED Established 1838. Registered Capital, £lOO,OOO. .TEAD OFFICE: 38, Ressnaw-grits:E-r. LIVERPOOL. Advances made from £5 to £5,100 upon personal security. Deeds, Shares. Policies,Reversions Annuities. <lx. £lO Repayable ss. weekly. Entire interest...2o 14s. 9d. £5O ~ 20s. ~ .9 £3 8. Od. .1 £lOO 9. 40s. ~ £6 15s. od. 91 1. Other sums proportionately. Rill. discounted. Also ad- vances for fled periods. SHARES bought and sold for onstomers—Further particulars on application, pe,sonallv or by letter Tel. 2438 Royal (Liverpool). RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. .

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YHARS. B. H A RRIS 2, KING-STREET, TIANLFS, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CH KSTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from RIO to £l.OOO. ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. PA T wishing for temporary CASH ADVANJHR should not the advantatres offerPd, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED TLIE LOIN RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE qYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROWER. THE AB•zENCE OF ALL FEES. No BILLS OF sALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED, AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED MANY NE "PAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Reoresentativt, mill call personally upon applicants awl complete the transactions at *heir own homes or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known, and my reputation stands nnrivalled.

NO FIIRS ! NO FIRM ! ! NO PUBLICITY ! ! ,E 3 AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY in STRICTHST PRIVACY to all respectable House- holders, Tradespeople. Farmers, and all ersons worthy of Credit, without sureties or bondsmen, " on simple promis- sory note only," at reasonable interest and easy repayments to suit all classes. Distance no object. Call or write in confidence to THR CHRSHIRIC AIWANCR CO., 25. Cairo-street, Sankey-stree, Warrington. also at 16. Greenwood-street, Altrin.lham. Head °Mee 59, Brunswick- street. Hightown, Manchester. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

MOTNoKeYach! NaIOaNEY !everyo! ne MOhNfty ! !.tEtis TO Effiooo,3, before going elsewher,, to call or write to m• in con- fidence and convince yourself that mine is the lowest interest and lowest rate of repayment in Rngland The entire charge £5 to repsy £5 Ss. Pd. £lO to repay £l2 Os, Pd. £2O £24 Os, Oct. £lO ~ £l3 Os. Oct Larger sums proportionately. No bola-ale 41plicItion refused. For honourable and straightforward dealing apply at once to J•JRNNINGS Manager(orivate tiouse),9,k(lADl 54Y- ST.• WARRINGTON. Nn delay. Strictest privicv whether business done or not. Cash delivered on day of application. Distance no object.

ADVANCgS £3 TO £SOO.—D()N'T PAY PEKS As those Offices who ask for fees, wilt only pooket your fee and refuse th adoinc NO FUN OF ANT KIND CHARGFID. NO BITR4T RSQ'TlttiCil NO FIRSPHCT- ABLIC APPLICATION refused. NO FINRS IF UNABLK to y for a few weeks through illness or being out of work. HONKST and STRAIGHFORWARD d.alings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to suit applicants. Annly and he conyln,ed to the—Manager, opposite Dr. Knowles) ST. HEILENS. J. CALVBRT, CLAUGHTONICHAMBHRS,I. CLAUGHTON (STHRHT

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS UNEQUALLED DIL SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER DR. SCOTT'S PILLS COMPLAINTS, HEADACHE, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS DEIPRBSSION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SCOTT'S PILLS APPETITE, CO SRI VS NESS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS TEIS MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices 15..10. 4ad 29. 9d.

ASK YOUR BAKER FOR "VEDA" BREAD. THE MOST DIGESTIBLR, DELICIOUS AND NUTRITIOUS. EVERY LOAF IN A SEALED WRAPPER. AGENTS J. 10FT AND SON, 93, BUDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

MCDOW KLLS, 31A.SKERY'S COACH WORKii WARRINGTON AND NO RTH W ICH . All kinds of CARBIA.GES in SGock, or Built to Order. REPAIRS and RENOVATIONS carried EXPEDITIOUSLY, ECONOMICALLY, SA.TLSFICTORILY. PATENT N °AV CONSTRUCTION BRoHi, VERY LIGHT AND STRONG. Every description of moron CAR BODY to order. ESTIMATES AND TESTIMONIALS ,1.1 A.P'LICSTION. T3lephone 409 x, Warrington.

- EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON. THE EXA.NIINER SERIES PREPAID ADVORTISEg.ENTS APARTMENTS WANTED HoUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO:BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS EVRTICLItB FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 - Od. 36 45 64 JOHN WALKER AND CO. EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSBY-STRBBT WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 355 Y. C OAL E HANTS' TICK. FS, Bill h eads, Memorandums, Ace. TRADE PRINTING of every description. May be inspected and listimates obtained it t`le 0 flee INVOICES for Grocers, Shoemakers, Cloggers Butchers, Bakers, Plumbers, Publicans, Ac.

2/6 PER TAPERt AL QUART ostorrLEs tv(,cungn.) &3COTCII AND NISH WtINKEY LBO AT 3/9. 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 118, 2/-. 2/6. 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON 131tUi WINS klEql3l4A,Nri 20, R6NSRAW STREIO, LIVrtctPUJL, (2 vlinnr., from and Lime St-A.t itAtiois •

ELRIMIL'S BICYCLE SiioP Is AT . 54,- BERRY STREET, LIV&RPOOL. Aciß;sr FOR SMitCRS CYCI.Ei REPAIR::: TO ALL MAIUJF.

. -Avork-c A CARPENTER ...._ • . ...,...._. . .r:-- ..o—r:.._ .... - AND '';ttisLES - --(. .: ' 3::.: • ka-,'. ~, ~ ~.„,,.,.... -',214'. --:',44. „It'''. •- .11 -,,, .

VI-COCOA 15 BETTER THAN ..t. N MEDICINE. INIn. J. H. 'WILLIS, 46, LEI:CITA ROAD, ST. JA34111 '‘‘ - - tp _ __ ___ 5....., , , ~ 17. ' 1. C N N, , • 61, STREET, WALTHAMSTOW, WRITES : I think it is only my duty, to write and say What 8 great benefit I have received from using Vi-Cocoa. I have been a sufferer for years with the Chest 81011 .I Ii I 1 being a catpenter and getting i ) tt,,,ar.- . . R II II have found my work very trying,is 111.11.5, ' ' 71 ' a about oiannly)uwilidtkingths .I last year's rain, but I must say I get about• s der ti ' different man since taking your Vi-Cocoa. I would not be without it for any In°ll* I find it much more beneficial than raediciP6 , ...- • I i_ 1 acannd mean e Ithoatreeceoememfentdhisittewethimereenverial Iyoguo.o i . • Thanking you - for the benefit I have received . from Vi-Cocoa. ...

"Undoubted purity and strength."—Medical Magazine, "In the front rank of really valuable footle—Lancet. FaVoured by the Homes DAINTY SAMPLE and Hospitals of TIN FREE TO ANY Great Britain. ADDRESS Address :113r. TIBBLES' VI-COCOA Ltd., 60 Bunhill RoW, London, E.C.

CROP'S PATENT PIPE. • (PATENT: No. 16333.) This invention effectually prevents'any moisture or 'nicotine either entering the mouth or coming in contact with the tobacco. Auy condensation which r might take place is immediately dried up by the absorber (E) so that the smoke is not only cool but 1, entirely free from acridity caused by dampness. ,? • Wholesale of CHARLES CROP and SONS. •• Brooksby's Walk, Homerton, • London, E. „2, Retail of all Tobacconists Price from 1/b.

ONE £l2 12 NET GRADE ONLY.. OR £1 1 0 THE BEST. p REMIER MONTHLY ILLUSTRATED B ICYCLES PREMIER BOOKLET CYCLE CO. Ldj WITN HILINAL TUNING. POST FREE. COVENTRY. '

Agent :—J. S. GARLAND,BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

- - - INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE. OF OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY BY EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. A RECORD CURE! AN INFALLIBLE REMEDY ! ! 32, Archer-street, Breakfast Creek, Bayswater, Brisbane Queensland London, W. Dear Sir,—Some 15 years ago I had the misfortune Dear Sir,—Sunday night my big toe pained me, on be attacked with Rheumatic Gout. I tried nearly all Monday it was much worse, and in the evening I could the doctors here, but they did not do me much good. I scarcely walk. At 6 p.m. I sent for a bottle of your saw your advertisement and obtained some of your Gout Pills, and took two at once. At 9.30 I was much Pills, and I can assure you quickly got relief. When I relieved, and could eat my supper. I took another feel any of the pains coming on, two or three pills gen- before going to bed, and although so hot I got a fair erally sake them away. Many of my friends have used night's rest. I have taken two more pills to-day, and them, and all say they are an infallible remedy. For now, at 6.30, lam alright again. This is a record cure. myself, I say there are none to equal them. Yours truly, Yours truly PHILIP BRANS. S. L. HOWMAN. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all In. injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurious matter, andare highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, Is. Mi. and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, is 1d and 2s 9d, or sent 2 post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

JE " SBURY & BROWN'S (MANCHESTER) Mineral Waters. BY APPOINTMENT OF KING ED IPD vii.

PENKETH. A LOCAL SUCCESS.—The friends of Miss Daisy Snoddy of Penketh will be pleased to learn of her successes in winning a First Class in the Examination of the London, City and Guilds Institute in dressmaking, and also a First Class Advanced of the Lancashire and Cheshire i Institute, after attending a course of lectures at the Municipal School of Technology Manchester. The former examination extended over three days. Miss Snoddy was previously a student of the Warrington Mtuaicipal classes. YOUTH'S GALLANT ItIiSCUE. On Tuesday night Harry Walker, aged ten, was bath- ing in the river Weaver at Fr6dshamßridge, with other boys none of whom could swim, when he got out of his depth and sank three times. Harry Heselton, aged twelve, who was on the bank fully dressed, pluckily jumped in, swam to the middle of the stream, caught hold of the drowning boy's neck, and swam back to the bank. FATAL OVER-STUDY. Reginald Mussell, a young schoolmaster, recently ap- pointed to a good position at Colchester, was found dead on Wednesday with his throat cut. He had become depressed through oTer-study.

Used Successfully 34 Years. N is 7 Tor Eczema, Burns, Scalds, Ring- ((\ worms, Wounds, Sores, aud Skin Hti MAR e Eruptions of every kind. IT WILL CURE YOU. OINTMENT _ Prices 7d.,1!1, and 2/9. r FHu Sold by all Chemists, or post free from 'FM WOOL:, Vs. B. WHITEHOUSE, 3*B BEARWOOD RD., SMETHWIOS.

14 Incorporate. Thames Nautical Training College a 2 e H.m.s. WORCESTER." Off Greenlnthe, Kent. E , g ducates Boys for Officers 4), 'in the Merchant Service. ,- Naval Cadetships granted annually and appointments to R. N.R. t.=1,717%.01 pply W. M. BULLIVANT. llon. Sec. 72, Mark Lanc, London. 11. C.

, TOWLES . . _ __. PILLS 0 1 TO BE IMO OF ALL CHEM/RS.IN BOXES g1i..2/9. 0R460R SEITANYWHERE ON RECEIPT Of /S3VORSS g STAMPS BY EXTON. E AC4 6610NG ROW MI TINC/lAIL i

PEEK, FREAN & Cli:fi "VANESSA" ;(Regd.) BISCUITS.

WAONINO AT 401111111. 1111111111FOIRDII MyWgg. XUllff Irambia& and naitehmit Eseilmoa SAVE TIME, SAVIN LABOUR. 1.4 SAVII YIN CLOTIPIRS. Writs for Caialersir, pi,rat fres ••• THOMAS BRADFORD & 006. 140, 141, and 142, HUM HOLIIOIX, 1.2014111011* Vllrrenie kw+ us, DICANSGATIL MANCHZSTIM., ." I.;l6o4rnmegir. I..reaaroot. Cltr.tryw, 11'074 W 11.21111. SAlansas. - _ 10-raell ILLIIIIISZATNIS CATALOSIWN. pri e•g, Cycles, Rotors, Accessories, 4500 mew k aecond-kaad machines' actually In Pftte Stock. Cycles frorn B.S.A. * lad ie'a mach inss. ever it 0 c sack bargains offered Send for List. Agents iSwanted

/Every Acvesiory, irkkkes. TireS, , WINla, r cent. othir Miters C. Weston-supes-Illark.

CaSUMen Is the most ___ sustaining Food on earth. COMPLETELY REMOVES INDIGESTION, CON- STIPATION, UNIQUE for ANAL MIA, FEVERS, GOUT, CONSUMPTION, DIABETES, BRE UMA- TISM and INFLUENZA. A full week's supply sent for P.O. Is., with LANCET ANALYSIS AND REPORT. PRIDEAUX'S FOOD CO.. MOTOOMBE, DORSET: or throw)] Chemists. Stores. etc.

TIRED BIDEN.i When you are tired of taking mysterious prescriptions,and weary of wearing Electritt Belts, write tome, and I will send you a Book, which shows bow every man, young and old, may be quickly and thoroughly cured of NERVOUSNESS. EXHAUSTION, VARICOCELE, and DEBILITY, from any cause whatever, WITHOUT STOMACH MEDIC:NE, or ELECTRICITY. Hundreds of cures. Book sent sealed,post free, for two stamm—A. J. LEIGH, 92 and 93,Great Russell St., London, W.C. Over seventeen years' successful result*

. D is wonderful water proofer for BOOTS & HAR NESS. Sof- a es, tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow pclish- Rig with blacking. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITION HIGH ESI AWARDS. . • oub b n Tins 2d.. 6d., P. &2ó a/ Boot Makers, Saddlers, Ironmon:Ters 6r'c. Mannlactory East Dulwich. I.,nn'on.

_ dIL TELL COOKAO g IicEATINGSPOIiII ICLLS LATBEETLES Thrs 041), .O!&( _ , Cost 111---SaMe 1 0/. Wood-Milne Prevent Nerve Jar an• Fatigue and Double the • Life of ow Boots • Revolving ..ii. Akiii.111.11,!.1•4:/.11.11e. 'leek Greater Comfort. Milrilliii...... Smarter .....---........ 1ie.... Appearance. =.- pimi......" = BASELY FIXED. = ---mmita....411111911111 = I Will stand 1•2 months = =.- ordlnary wear. ~..............I='..: ==.--- None genuine ... ......... NNEIIIIIIIIIIMIIMIC unless stamped vpimi 7....er milmw • •Wood• Milne on the fuss. Sold every- ,- where • . _ . • - CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS. itegistered No. 40.376. f, 1g NO MORE . Is SOFT LINEN 0. WHEN a litit' STARCHED. Used in the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. Once tiied, always wanted, 1M AKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEN% The greatest boon ever offered to the Laundress for imparting an Ivory Finish to starched Linen.Laces,eto It does not stick to spider-web-like materials. Sold everywhere in Packets at Id.. 3d.. and 6d.. each. PREPARED ONLY BY T. CRITCLILBY. Chemist BLACKBURN 7, whirr/ 'tP t-4..4. Loudon. HAL _

) FP, FP) r• o)1 LATTA D palms Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostoeu. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Custaarcl is the one thing seeded with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and kaparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO ECCS ! NO RISK 1 NO TROUBLE!

IThe BEST WATCHES are BENSON'S" LMAKE."N Unequalled for Accuracy, Durability, and Strength. Buy of the Actual Makers and Save ONE - TETIRI). In Silver Cases. In 18-ct. Gold Gases- p , - 9 BENSON S i-I-77 • -0, ~ 5.5 .' - -., at. WORLD FAMOUS i ... _...,. LUDGATE, % .'- iiiS, I; \'.. '- \ "n EST. and STRONGEST, London Made LP THREE - QUARTER PLATE English 11,74. A ~,,--; .„..-. Lever Watch. _ 11Chronometer. Balance, all Latest Improvements, Silver Cases with Crystal Glass. II ' ---414. P".l '' ' • .',.. Made in 'Three Sizes, at one Price, £5 ss. , In Massive 18 ct. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, I ' ~O. .kr: I. Gentlemen's, .£l'.3 12s. Ladies', £lO 10s. 0 ' SYSTEM op OHMS PAYMENTS .„. :..e, At same Prices as for CASH. ',',.!7:•-•:,:' 7'1,, ,-,:ixte , ii et..„o4c ~.. ' - E N S loraw NP s :,..,.... Pearls, £1 • ss. GEMRI N GS. ....,,,,., lr ipl Ipitlirt, sR, nA e si .sosr. 1 0 000 ALWAYS IN STOCK - AT MAKERS' CASH PRICES. 4,4a53154, • --. cff ~ p .. .._' ;•;.. ' . -*2', '---->"- ILLUSTRATED BOOK of Watches, Clocks, Brilliants and and Chains, Rings, Brooches, " Imperial " Plate, Sapphires, £2. 10s. Cutlery aneßags. POST FREE. Brilli ants, £4 . 4s. J. W. BENSON, Ltd., The Premier Watchmakers of the World. FACTORY: 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON, EX.

9-10, 9-11, 9-12, 9-13, 9-14, 10-14, 12-14;13-14, 14:14,15-14. NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS. D. Ferguson and T. Horrabin were well matched. The scores were never level, but at the twentieth end Horrabin was leading by 14-13. Ferguson then -- . had the good fortune to secure a double which gave him the victory. There was a good game Cricket. between T. Hatton and W. Bridgen. Each player had • scored 11 when the fifteenth end was reached. Then Warrington's consistently good form is arousing great each had a piece of luck in turn, and the position was interest among the townspeople, and there was a large 12-12. Bridgen obtained the lead by a point,but Hatton gate to witness SAturday's twitch with Earlestown. The maintained his form, and once more the contestants home eleven again fully justified the confidence of their drew level with 13-13. Hatton then bowled so skilfully supporters and gained the victory in no half-hearted as to triumph by 15-13. J. Boyle was defeated by J. Hutchinson after an interesting finish.At the seventeenth way. At one time it looked as if their unbeaten record was in danger. Five wickets fell for the low score of end he had the advantage by 13-11, but he failed to run 28, but thanks to the splendid batting of Callon and up any more, and Hutchinson won by 15-13. Richardson a great improvement was made, and the -- innings realized 158. The Earlestovvn men fared badly As I anticipated, Houghton's Wire Works proved against the deliveries of Lynes and Connor, and were superior to Orford Tannery. They bowled very credit- all dismissed for 66. Warrington thus maintain a ably, and ran out winners by 31 points. The prospects o record which is certainly a credit to them, for it is no of this club appear particularly bright, and they should mean achievement to have secured nine wins and two stand a good chance for the medals. The closest game draws as the result of eleven matches. was between Tom Bibby and A. Bellian, the first named . ---- winning by the odd point. Several times the players were on equal terms, and at the twenty-sixth end the The wicket favoured the bowlers, and quite a number of usually reliable batsmen made poor scores. LYnes score was 13-13. A single then placed Bellian at the knocked up 9, P. B. Hawtin 3, W. H. Podmoro 3, and J. top, but Bibby went two better, and gained a well. W. Bibby 3, whilst Connor was bowled without obtain- deserved victory by 15-14. ing a single run. T. Wright was the first player to , -- • attain double figures, and he compiled 15. To J. Callon Cheshire Lines are doing well this season, and they below too will make a bold bid for the medals. They played Stepping much of the credit for Warrington's victory, in at a critical time, he made 45 by dint a fine game throughout against Whitecross, and defeated of vigorous hitting and his performance was very the wire workers by 37 poiats. A capital game was creditable. , that in which W. Connor and D. Bromley tried con- --- . elusions. The first end resulted in a double for Connor, and Bromley then secured a single. At the A special word of praise is due to W. Richardson, ft fourth end the position was 4-4. The scoring to the very promising recruit from the second eleven. His innings was a smart display, and he carried out his bat conclusion was :-5-4. 7-4, 7-.5, 7-7, 7-9, 741, 7-12, 7-13 after nutting together a useful 34. He was at the 7-14, 9-14, 10-14, 12-14, 14-14, 15-14. By the margin of wicket two hours, and never gave the fielders a chance. 3, George VVaiburton beat W. Skelhorn, Tom Foster -- , beat J. Smith, and J. Holbrook beat A. Gleave. 1 Although Earlestown had over two hours in which to ---- save the match they made a very poor show. Four To-day's matches are:— wickets were down with only 11 runs on the board, and . London and North-Western Railway v. Rylands No I; a pretty good stand by H. Barr and W. H. Crowther referee, Mr. J. Monks. came as a relief. Lynes bowled Crowther in fine style Smith's Wire Works v. Pearson and Knowles No. 1; for 7, but Barr retained his place until he had run up referee, Mr. J. Willett. 23. T. R. Howarth placed 10 to his credit. I Houghton's Wire Works v. Cockhedge Factory; -- ' referee, Mr. George Ball.

Saturday. Play was against bogey, the first eight to play off by match play. Score:— H'cap. C. R. Adamson ll ... lup W. S. Knowles l4 ... 2 down J. M. Murray W. Greenhouse T. Miniati F. W. Vilbert 2 ... 6 down F. Joynson G. Ainsworth R. N. Foster H. Hatton 6 ... 12 down The second qualifying round for a prize presented to -the Ladies' Club by Mrs. Michael Hughes was Plard on Thursday,June 16th,and resulted as follows. Score:--- Grs. H'eap. Net. Miss Daunt Miss Bolton Miss F. Jeans Miss E. Jeans Miss M. Tinsley ..... 166 ... 35 ~, 131 Miss A. Jeans Athletic Successes. Only three local successes are to be recorded this - week. B. Gornall, of Warrington A.C., was first in the half-mile novice bicycle race at Crewe Athletic sports.' A. Warren, of Sankey Harriers A.C., was second in the' half mile flat race at Blackburn; and G. Flint, of Thel- wall A.C. was third in the quarter-mile handicap at Huddersfield. -- -- Swimming. Mr. William A. Starkey, a Birmingham business Iflac. has died as the result of a scratch received while swim- ming. The scratch was caused by another swimmer,but it was not until a few days after that he thought any raore about it. The wound began to take bad ways,and after a few days' treatment in the house it was found that the poison had gone too far, and that amputation of the limb would be useless. Water Polo. Teams representing Lancashire and Cheshire opposed: each other in the Hyde Corporation Baths on Taesdal evening, for the County Championship. The Cestrians started well, and were soon testing the visiting defence - Play was very even for a time, but Gallagher was the first to score for the Lancastrians. Swift (Wigan) vree ordered out of the bath for ungentlemanly conduct. Shaw scored for Cheshire, and the interval arrived With the scores even. In the second half three players were' ordered out of the water for ungentlemanly conduct- Davis scored second goal for Lancashire, and the holders won the game by two goals to one. --- Great interest centered in Warrington's re-played tie. with Everton in the Lancashire County Competition oa Thursday evening, and there was a crowded attendance' at the Margaret-street Baths, Liverpool. Warringtol' defended the deep end, and from the start the home' team pressed, but found Wood —7,in in grand form at goal. A passing movement initiated by J. Formby:, ended in L. Hayes scoring. Just prior to the interval' A. BOscow was ordered out for walking. Despite their being a man short, no further score resulted, and half- time arrived with Evertor' 1. Warrington 0. Resuming; the visitors attacked vigorously, and A. Ashton sooreu a goal. For Everton, J. Formby replied with two more. Play now became exciting, each team attacking in tart At length C. Ashton scored from near half-way, but td the surprise of all, the referee, Mr. Finegan, disallowe the point. This decision did not suit the Wirepuller*. and as a mark of protest, they left the water without finishing the game. The final score was therefore' Everton 3, Warrington 1. - --- A meeting will be held on Monday evening to decide whether to lodge a protest against the referee's rulieg or to submit to the decision. The second team visited Birkenhead on Tuesday eve° ing, and triumphed by six goals to two. C. .Aelite- „- scored 4 goals; Turner, 1; and Allen 1. -- Next Tuesday evening Warrington will meet South Hill at the Legh-street baths and there should be an teresting match. The first round of a works squadl'2l race will be decided. Entries are expected from tin following :—Rylands Bros., Limited, Pearson rut Knowles, Crosfield's, Smith's Wire Works, FletoeL. Russell's, Post Office (2 teams). and Cc-operatrce Stores. CRICKET. -- [Continued front Page 3.] WARRINGTON POLICE V. WIDNES POLICE.— Pla on the ground of the former on Thursday Score • WIDNES POLICE. WARRINGTON POLICE- A Macefield b Houghton ... 15 Stuart b Macefleld ...... Baker b Burrows Whitehead b Houghton 1 Burrows b Macefteld..• ‘l, Thornton c Burrows b Houghton b Macefleld Houghton 2 Hayes b Hall ........ " Jackson c Jones b Whitbey hw b Mace Houghton 0 field Bretkerton b Holland ... 0 Newey b Thornton ••• 3.7 Curwinb Houghton 0 Phillips c Thornton b 0 Cleal c Holland b Macefield Houghton....— 0 Dennett not out ......... Hill b Houghton Warden not out 0 Jones b Hlll ............... James c Newey b Houghton 9 ... 5 Extras . 61. Total 32 Total ............. .7 GTON PETER WALKER AND SON LIMITED, In ARIL -rc wag ALTRINCHAM ST. GEORGE'S C.C.—This mato'. played at Altrincham on Saturday last, and resulted in a win for the brewery team. Score : ALTRINCHAM. BREWERY. 4 Rev. E. R. Tarbuck b Cain c Lee b Ardern Ashton H. b Ashton H. Comes b Allen 5 J. Arber b Roberts..... J. Clay st Cook b Norman 14 Milner not out ......... P. Lee c Ashton b Allen 0 T. Newton b Roberts A. Withington c Baird b Allen b Ardern ......... Ashton C. Roberts lbw Ashton 4 Taylor run 0ut........... . S. Ardern c Allen b Baird b Ardern ......... Norman l3 Messiter c Ardern 0 T. Withington c Allen b Skinner ................ .• Ashton W. Skinner c Taylor b Ashton J. Dunning not out Extras 51 Total l7 Total ......

ASTONISHING CURES. of PROFESSOR M. QUINTON, French Acadeurtri Science, DECLARES SEAWEED to be THE ELIm OF LIFE. DR. KIRRILLOF, an Eminent Rusai.„3l4' HAS PROVED SEAWEED to possess MARKLOUS STRENGTHENING AND CURATIvr' PROPERTIES. The MOST ADVANCED DOCTORS are daily recommending SEA- WE ED in STOMACH, LIVER, KIDNEY AND BLOOD DISEASES. ARO VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC IS THE STAND„,--,, PREPARATION OF' CURATIVE SEAWErr. THE CURES THIS FAMOUS REMEDY HA • EFFECTED LATELY are of the MOST ASTONISHING CHARACTER. Mrs. H. H. HOLMES, Cross Street, Crowle, Dclicrtft ter, suffered from diseased kidneys, dropsy and gheci. weakness. For sixteen weeks was confined to 0, Doctors gave her up. VENO'S SEA.WEED TONIC See° plished a complete cure. -cr I Mr. S. WILSHAW, Ribble Bank, Settle, A? di. suffered from extreme weakness, owing to chronic 1110, gestion and nervous debility; he could not retain folvo the stomach,andsuffered from great flatulence.Was,beci up as incurable; VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC acconllols a complete cure, +oaf I Miss F. M. HAIGH., Houses Hill, Kirk e, h C P Huddersfield, suffered from neuralgia of the storo3. vv..° antemia and weakness; was completely cured by SEAWEED TONIC. lAN 1 ' Miss HARKER, Saratoga Drury-road, Bourneta° „or suffered from chronic constipation for over twr;s9 years; was completely cured by Virgo's SEA." Toxic. Mrs. C. SQUIRES. 71, Park-street, Rotherbaoci suffered from diseased liver, pains in the back, dizziness; cured by VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC. tort- Mrs..l. W. REACHER, 24, Frederick-road, Gorlestioo I on-Sea, suffered from loss Of flesh, chronic icdiges ref' and weakness, with severe headaches; all other it, beci ments failed, but VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC aCCOnguiS . a complete cure. 140%, Dr. J. Walker, I Kidney and Urinary Specialistlini4of lo York, says :—" never treat a case where the IcD.Seed urinary organs or stomach are involved without Sea;eecl, I regard it as indispensable." The species of SelU 10 used by Dr. Walker is the same as that conta VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC. tees VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC is absolutely gca--kidce_gr cure indigestion, gastric catarrh, liver troubles, diseases, impure blood, chronic constipation, infick, weakness, nervous depression, headache, Welt' WO' flatulence, blood deseases and female coinPtores Price Is. 14d and 28.9 d., at chemists and drug 5 ask for VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC.
