===== 0002601_19040514_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLAN LINK.-TO CANADA, UNITED STATES. P Otb RIVER PLATE. AND INDIA. , PAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. ARTAA' " SP I A .Calcutt a May 17 ..............Quebec and Montreal May 19 0p.% - .......St. Johns N.V. Halifax May 21 .Quebec and Montreal May 26 o::.°E,Car`t."4.l ... N... St. Johns N.P. Halifax and Phil May 26 'IAMB—To Canada. Saloon from £l4. Secondly 108.; Third Class £5 10s. To India, £37 10e.and v litor f,*„ '4014 hllLrarticulars apply to =meg. 103,Letvientialt Street 15-"" 4•0., and 19. James-street. Llverpoo"

===== 0002601_19040514_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
• . . 0.......-......_. -- _. , _ . 4 „ ........._ :., ~, • 20% ~... ;.:,..,:t ,1: 4. ;.:! 1.11 ';''') '4,;• : 1''..." ''' ,la''',;,4' *:.t;::.: 4-'.:431:5: Lii y,. ''''''', ,f*:1,,,,,,'‘'1. „ ti.., ~.:,- • , t.,,.., --, =7 •• Is, • C-4. ,•,, 1 .k*- ' til• ''''4 & . - X.' \ Ino• , .... • • 41E.scHi.. 1 I. 14: I. L \- •'-,4 . 1 * -'' i . , 14 4, ' , ' . , . ' ..1 .. „. . .. , 0 . ( , . \ il• \,-,.. 4C. t - I * -..........#, , 1: ..

No 1308 ONE PENNY

sikorunDAY, MAY 14, 1904.

ALL kinds of BOOKS BOUND in any style from tbe simpleat'to the most elaborate.

ALL KINDS OF PRINTING FOR

TEA PARTIES SERMONS

VOST II 736 per Quarter 6s 6d per annurr Is per Quarter credit

===== 0002601_19040514_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
T. CLARKE, " EXAMINER" OFFICE, EARLRSTOWN, Has always in stock a GOOD ASSOMMENT of FANCY GOODS, ALBUMS (Photo and postcard) also PURSES &c., and Stationery in general. Agent for the Wesleyan and General Assurance Sochty. NOTE THE ADDRESS, 33, MARKET STREET. EARLESTOWN,

===== 0002601_19040514_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
CONCERTS SOIREES

MEETINGS &c., JOHN WALKILIR ft CO..

BALLS

PERSONS WANTING TEMPORARY CASH ADVANOBS

===== 0002601_19040514_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOULD NOTE THE ADVANTAGES OFFERED AT

THIS OFFICE.

(1) THE DESPATCH WITH WHICH ADVANCES AllB COMPLETED. (2) THE SIMPLICITY OF PROMISSORYINOTR, (3) THE REASONABLE RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED.

(4) NO FINES FOR ARREARS. (5) REPAYMENTS ARRANGED TO SUIT CON- VENIENCE OF BORROWERS. (6) NO BONDSMEN OR SURETIR REQUIRED. (7) ALL BUSINESS STRICTLY PRIVATE. (8) NO APPLICATION FEES.

APPLY PRRSONALLY OR BY LRTTBR. S. AUERBACH. 123, mouNr PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL.

J'lionen

PLOWER SEEDS AND PLANTS. 25 B BRuti/eDn Id? 01.71cIllectinnnokf N jesr for u ml pcuontra comprising Mar- guerite', Pansies, Oniceolarias, Pinks. Phlox, alai Lobelia. tent packed in damp moss, carriage free on rail for is. 11. 'there is no cheap rubbish such as Featherfew, include:i in this lollection. .lollection of 80 plants 3s. Magaiticent Villa Collection of 200 Plants, including the Bonus of 25 Superb Geraniums, sent post free on rail for ss. 26 nitiltBlulidliTg6ANsYtereAßealKsalirn" Canary a Erxy p nsi ve Creeper,Annuals Colum- bine, Lobelia, Phlox, Everlasting Pea, Ten-week Stock, /to., be. All different, post free, Is. lANT SWEET PISA% 23 Packets Giant Sweet Peas, kf (800 seeds), ma. A flower garden for Is. 52 penny packets of cboige garden seeds, all different, ample supply, post free Is. lid. Japanese fern balls, 3 assorted, 2e. 6d, or is. 3d. each, pc:tit free. IMPERIAL SUPPLY STORES. 3 AND 4 ICRES2dPTON STRIIHT, NSWINGTON BUTTS, NDON, B. B.

TO FARMERS, GARDENERS, &a, COMPOUND MANURES.

No. 1 SPECIAL: CONTAINING NITROGEN 269 I(QUAL TO AMMONIA 111IBASIC PHOSPHATE LIME PRICE £3 15s. PAR WIN No, 2 COMPOUIND: USUAL MAKE— PRICE £2 10s. PER TON. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY To

JAMES TOLE. LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER. ALLEN STREET, WARRINGTON. Telephone N 0,222. Telegrams, "Toole," Warrington.

fottls, Pporos, Zoarbing 05tabo

A BIGLBSBY.—BRYNTIRION BOARDING ROUSH, Red II Wharf Bay. Terms 301 per week. Quiet, bracing ex- cellent country.—A. ,V. BERMINGHAM, Proprietor.

WHITSUNTIDE HOLIDAYS. Special Term. Borrow- dale Hotel, Derwentwater, Keswick. Delightful situa- tion; good table; every home comfort.—Apply MANAGERESS.

if ICHMOND, YORKS.—" The Grove," to be Opened at 11. Easter. 1904. Hirrh-olass Boarding Residence.— For terms apply the Misses HICKMAN, Proprietresses. Telephone No. 27.

BLACKPOOL.-0110)0ENT PRIVATtf HOTEL, The Park, facing sea. Table dliote 6 p.m. (small tables). Excellent cuisine. Tel. 117. Telegrams Crescent, Black- pool."—Apply Miss WILSON. Manageress.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITHD.

34 TO 40 LIIDGATH HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HONE CoMYORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL

FOR 73118INER8 OR PLEAEOTIRE.

ABBRYSTWITFT. 'HE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA.

One of the cheapest and most ;:omfortable Family Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Room and Dram log Room, face the sea. Terms from 2k guineas per weak, or 9s. per day. ac'or.ling to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from ss. lable d'Hote at 6.33 o'clock For TARIFFS &O,' apply to W. H. PALMER. PROPRIBTOR.

Apartnunts furntobeb ileficses etc

-DIIRTTY CUTTAGR,garden,boarders or children.—MuNßO, 1 Chapel St. Mary, Ipswich.

ILICVELBYS. near Blackpool.—Apartrnents. Garfield \.) House; detacheJ, privzite.—MLse BniDGE.

SUNNY SOIITHPORT.—Home comfort, ; moderate terms —Mrs. GREGSON. 10, Cable at. Near stations and pier.

1/IRB. D. ASHWORTHIVI, 15, Ribble rd. off Central Drive B'pool (late of Cronkevehaw rd, TirAd Ile) Apartments.

AToRECAMBH.—Comfortable A PARTM NI'S ; house I lately improved.—Misses BENNETT, 3, Grafton Road. West End.

WANTBD IN SOUTH WALBS sitting room and two bedrooms, moderate tenns.—Addrees 4, PIRK VIEW, Bray, Ireland.

- W OODVALB. near Southport (Mrs. TarEs).—Oom- fortable APARTMENTS; home-made bread; piano; charßes moderat..

HOYLAKIL Osborne Villa, first class rooms, modern conveniences, 2 minutes from station, moderate terms. Apply Mac GRAY.

/1 ARROGATE.- -Superior Apartments, board or otherwise near baths, gardens and station; moderate.—STEAD, 9 Cheltenham Parade.

A FARTMICktiI in Derbyshire Farmhouse; healthy eitua- tion near Dove Dale; every comfort.—Mrs. COOPER. Callow Farm, Aehbourne.

BLACKPOOL, PROMBEIADR. B.S.—Superior Public and Private Apartments; terms reasonable; good beds.— Mrs. Boox. 2, Bea Bank.

MORECAMBE.—Superfor public and private APART- MENTS facing sea and West end Pler.—Mas. WILSON, 9, Erving Terrace, W. B.

rr WO Respectable LODGRRS WANTRD,comfortable borne; 1_ no children.--Apply Mrs. BADDELNY, 24. Goulden at.. off Lovely lane. Vlidrringt )n.

SOUTHPORT.--Comfortable APARTMBRTS ; good net% moderate term.; two minutes' walk from pler.—The Misses ASHWoRTH, 35. Bold at.

EFINED HOME for Lady during accouohement ; every eomfort ; moderate terms ; private.—Nurse WILD, Church Villas, Stanley, Wakefield.

eIOMPORTABLB well Purnisbei APARTMENTS olose to kJ Promenade and Wood. Term, very moderate.—Mrs MARFELL. Abergele road, Colwyn Bay.

QUPIIIIIOIt APAATMIINT, at Farinhome in healthy and 1.3 bracing country ; fine ecenery.—fdra. THoalacY, Blaeon House, Dalton, Parbold, near Southport.

DUXTON.—Fairleigh Boarding House and private APART- MENTS. Sunny aspect ; near the baths. gardens, station, .te. Moderate.—Mrs. VICKERS.

TIsIfORS to London will find clean, country APAtif- / MINTS, good beds ; terms moderate; near Angel.- 116, LivEßPoof. ED., Islington, London.

101. WYN BAY —Comfortable APARrMICN IS, close ttation, promenade and wood. ; large airy bedrooms ; moderate temp. —ST. ELmo, Wynnstay rd.

HARROGATB.—WeII-appointed APARTMENTi; quiet : select ; serni•detached ; prden ; god cooking. Nem' bathe.—Mrs. MITH, Newstead, Ripon rd.

TO BR LET, pleasant eountry COTTAGIi or Apartments ; good thoroughfare ; low terrns.for permanency.—Mr WRIGHT. Brook House, Rainow, Macclesfield.

lIOLIDAY APAnTMECNTS TO LBT, Sittingroorn and bedrcx)rn ; near Stretton Hills.—Apply Mn. Bv.arrB. Cross Pipes Farm, Marsh Brook, Church Stretton.

BLACKPOOL-MRS. LEACH (from Rochdale), 15: Llvinestone rd , off Hornby rd. N.ar Cmtral Station and Sea. Public and Private Apartments Piano.

Cormyrir BAY.—Pleasant APARTNIHNTS near prom. pier pavilion. Cooking, ittenrian'e. Bracing Air Charm ing iticenery.—McßGAN, Rosepeatb, Abergele Road.

BLACKPOOL. Comfortable APARTMENTS ; three minutes walk horn Central Station and rlea. Near all amusements. Plano.—Mra. T Maim, 39, Chapel at.

L'INGSLEY VICARAGR, near Frodsbam TO BR LET for July and August, or August alone. 3 sitting,s bearJorns larwp vvpll stoeked var,gpn. noctphhnusP Annie VICAR

NI(AIWA ,18/.—Comfortable APAILTNINN US. Mis sea Nicholson, Timsbury House, 12, Wellington Terrace. near L. And N. W. Station, five minute. from Pro menaae.

UURNISHRD VAHMHOUSB (Lake District) CO BE LET; 1: summer months ; good fishing hv ticket ;or would let good Furnished Oottstee.--vs ~ Font Ofli^e. Tirril. Penrith.lt

GII 10 —Ladv's House, furnished, excellent position .1..) £2. Shops srui Villa., £?.B tO £95. —Youxa FIOLBRCIC ANDQADLER, Auctioneers. Brighton. (Mortgages wanted).

KESWICK LAKBS.—Apartments, eittlng,three bedrooms., bath, w.-c., vacant 15th ; terms 105. weekly, each room Inclusive ; near Braithwaite Station.—Mrs. REID, Braith- waite, Keswick.

PLACKPOOL—Visitors will tird Comfortable ACCOVI- MODATION at Mrs. EHMA.NUF:L HAvrowril's, 88 Albert road. near Central Station. Public or Private Apartments with or without Board. Piano.

T 10t7GLA9, 1,0. M.— 3, Brnpress Drive ; Central tF Pronnen,de ; sniendidly situated ; board, 5e ; tea. bed, and breakfast, 2s. 6. ; beds, 21. ; Private Apartments.— TH.3MPSON AND FLEETWOOD.

r LANDIUNDOD WIILLS, the beauty spot of Central 1J Wales. Visitors' List, post free, lid. ; Guide, 11. post free. Apartments recommemied.—J. GRIFFITHS. Caxton House, I.landrindod Wells.

Tp, LACK POOT . —Mrs. BOWS, 17, Wellington-t.rrace, Promenad, Apartments. Bedroom, publio sitting- room, cook ing,:and Attendance for two persons, 2s. 6d. per day. Boarri,sB. 6d. per day inc usive.

ATALR OF Cf.WYD.—Beautifully situated. furnishel ; 2 Sitting-rooms, piano, 4 bedrooms, bathroom ; water laid on ; kitehpn and pantries, bracing 'mountain air.—JoH:fr JON, Tynant, Llanfonhafal, near Ruthin.

rllO LBT, lurnl3llecl, charming country RIOIDRIS,CE _I (Suffolk). obady walks in ground+, 3 sitting, 1 dressing, 7 bedrooms, 3 guinc4a.—R., Box 1813,SHauuow & TnaTcHFat West street, 04ITI bridge Circus, London, W.C.

AKB DlSTHlCL—Comfortable Farmhouse Apartments; I_J fine mountain scenery, bracing air, lovely neighbour- hood ; near Lake Derwentwater ; terms moderate.—Mrs. SWAMI-n.l, Croft Farm, Newland°, near Keswick.

910 BIC LET in Wallviev, Chethire 5 minutes from station 1 sbore and golf links. Well furnished apartments, Bath, hot and cold water, Plans ; no children or other lodgers.-- Address MRS. WESVER. 4, Beachwood Avenue, Wallasey, Cheshire.

P-I°CKLIFFII, Abbey rd.. Liangollen.—auperior APART— , INIHNTS ; two sitting-rooms, four hedroorns ; south aspect ; ten minutes station ; good cooking and attendance ; terms moderate.— Miss LANGFORD, GOCk LI ffe House, Liangollen, Iv. Wales.

. ,

•

===== 0002601_19040514_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The King and Queen have promised to attend the celebration of the Jubilee of the Crystal Palace. Few people are unfamiliar with the beauty of this famous structure, either from a visit or from pictures, and the Palace is rich in historic memories. It was there that Thanksgiving Day was observed after his Majesty's recovery from typhoid fever thirty-two years ago, and it has also been the scene of numerous Royal visits on special occasions. The building was erected in Hyde Park, for the exhibition of 1851, but it was afterwards removed to Sydenham Hill, and it was in 1854 that it was opened as a popular place of entertainment. It has never been a great financial success, owing chiefly to the want of railway facilities. The Palace is not more than six or seven miles from the very heart of London, and yet it means a journey of an hour,or an hour and a half,or more, to the great majority of the residents of the Metropolis. The building has been far exceeded in size at subsequent exhibitions, but for beauty of design and situation, the Crystal Palace still possesses unrivalled attractions.

The Princess at the Bradford Exhibition.—The Princess of Wales has always made a point of wearing dress fabrics, laces and embroideries, of British manu- facture, and it naturally gave Her Royal Highness much pleasure to attend the opening of the Cartwright Memorial Exhibition at Bradford. This is intended not only as a memorial to the inventor of the power loom, but also to give a display of the beauty and excellence of the productions of the local textile industry. The dress worn by the Princess at tke opening of the Exhibi- tion was in itself, sufficient evidence of the vast improvement that has taken place in recent years in the manufacture of British-made dress fabrics. It was built of Priestleys' " Panneau " face cloth, in a beautiful shade of pale grey, and was trimmed and medallioned with.rich black and white braiding. For a tailor-made fabric, nothing more beautiful has ever been produced than this material, which is so fine and soft as to almost resemble suede in appearance. In addition to textile, there is also a display of costumes, made exclusively of Bradford materials, by the leading fashion houses of London and Paris. These also go to show that Brad- ford can as successfully produce the daintiest fabrics for afternoon and evening toilettes, as the tweeds and sturdy worsteds for which its looms have long been famous.

Norwich Silk.—The Prince of Wales referred at the opening of the Bradford Exhibition, to the early asso- ciation of the weaving trade with his own native county of Norfolk. For many of our textile manufactures, as well as lace making, we are indebted to foreign refugees whosettled in these Isles in olden times. It was the Huguenots for instance, who settled in Dublin and in- troduced the manufacture of Irish poplin and the same people brought the silk industry to London.—But the manufacture of silk at Norwich goes .back to the very ancient times dud still possesses feltures of its own, The King sometimes wears Mufflers of Norwich silk. These spates are usually of the jacquard pattern in every possible colouring. The Prince of Wales is more frequently seen with a silk wrap round the neck,but His Royal Highness prefers the plain white. No. wich silk is also worn by many other members of the Royal Family, the Princesses using it for ties in different colourings according to their fancy. The Early Victorian Revival.—The early Victorian style is the admitted motif cf this summer's fashions, and is also being over accentuated. There was little in early Victorianism that was not intrinsically ugly, and it is the craze of the modern modiste for over-elabora- tion that no doubt accounts for its revival. Some of the models would be well worthy of our grandmother's time, with their redundancy of shapes and combinations of silk, velvet, cloth, chiffon, and lace; flounced and ruched in a manner that was the pride of the "best dresses " of flit), years ago. For summer freaks no treatment can be more suitable than the gauging, tuck- ing, and flouncing,which give beauty to dainty materials, but for tailor-made gowns these devices are out of place.

- Modish Wraps.—All the new cloth wraps are in light shades, pearl greys, champagne, and ivory, being first favourites. This is a mode those among us, who are forced to be economical will appreciate as such neutral wraps can be worn with almost any toilette. In the way of trimming, handsome fringes, rich oriental embroidery, and silk cluny lace are preferred by leading modistes, who are again adding touches of gold in some form or other, to these creations. For race coats shantung silk and taffetas are the most approved fabrics, the trimming consisting of oriental embroidery, and exquisite lace.

Saves Time and Temper.—Shirts and day blouses are now made to fasten down the front. This is a return to a more convenient fashion, for which those who have to fasten and unfasten their own garments will be thankful. The fastenings are not, of course visible, and the whereabouts of such details is sometimes rendered more obscure by the collaeband being made to hook at the side or back. Very high bands are now the correct thing, and these are kept up to the required height, by means of small covered bones.

More Ornamental than Useful.—Paper-made millinery, it is said, is this summer, to prove its practical utility. That most charming creations of this sort are possible is not to be doubted, as many more wonderful things than a woman's hat have been made out of paper. Some time ago we were to have had paper stockings, but they have not yet taken the place of those that require wash- ing and darning, and one cannot be very sanguine about paper millinery, even though it is stated that it will stand all kinds of weather. Amongst other novelties,to which some people are always giving their attention,are fabrics woven of glass or metallic spun threads. One production of this kind, we are told, changes colour with varying atmospheric conditions. and is not only an everlastinr, wearing material, but an excellent baro - meter all time. Wo should then all know whether the weather would be suitable for a light summer frock or a mackintosh, and it would make an ideal covering for a sunshade, since no one would venture out with this if it plainly indicated that leaden skies were to be expected. The Over-done Veil.—Veils continue to be one of the features of dress, and many that one sees at fashionable gatherings might well serve for portieres. or lamp shades, rather than for giving the charm of suggestion and slight mystery to a woman's face. A carefully adjusted veil of the right size, colour and texture, is very suggestive of a dressy appearance, but the impres- sion created by the present elaborate draperies of gauze, chiffon, and lace, borders almost upon the ludic- rous. These veils will, however, no doubt tave a very short life, as they have been exaggerated to a degree, and the fashion has been carried to such extremes as to lose all its charm and dignity. A Useful Hint.—Eiderdown quilts when washed in the following manor will look almost new. Make a lather of boiled soap and warm water,add a little borax, then knead the quilt about well in the suds, wring through a machine and rinse twice in lukewarm water. Shake the eiderdown well, and hang in a good wind to dry.. Shake frequently during this process. MADGE.

It does!

Have you trier! ii?

===== 0002601_19040514_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
- • ' - ..._ __. . _ _..... , --- ibx.. ltae— .... . --,--• ___.ø,.(. #0; ,• - ..40...41, j A11if0r..444.P1e ;..i'vhilte--..., . l'' #.1._.. - : _ -... • t.; . .. , I :...„... , , ".,,,,,14 ~ .. ~, ~,, ,"T''....7"" • Isimmlif i._ ~..-....0..c.....;.'..110%,,L1 5.‘... ,_ • —_-......_,_•...... v-.............a.19

TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL.

Another Grievance Against the Corporation.

The monthly meeting of the Trades and Labour Council was held in Bold-street Wesleyan schools on Tuesday evening, Mr. J. Podmore, jun.,presiding.

MR. PIERPOn'T; M.P., AND THE TRADES DISPUTES BILL. Mr. R. Pierpoint, M.P. wrote acknowledging the receipt of a letter from the Secretary asking him to support the Trades Disputes Bill. " I have to say " he added "that seeing that a royal commission is now con- sidering the questions involved in the Bill, any present attempt at legislation is in my opinion premature." Mr. JOLLEY moved that the Secretary should reply to Mr. Pierpoint regretting that he. could not see his way to vote for a measure of simple justice to trades unionists. Mr. YORK seconded.

On-a vote being tliken it was decided to take no further action in the matter.

A GRIEVANCE AGAINsT THE WATER COMMITTEE.

JOINERS INDIGNANT AT COUNCILLOR tSTOTT'S ACTION.

The SECRETARY submitted correspondence with reference to the employment of a joiner in the water department of the Corporation. The Town Clerk wrote stating that he had made inquiries and was informed that the joiner was engaged early in March by the water engineer in response to a request from him (Mr. Whittle) to (Ind employment for men out of wnrk. The young man was not yet out of his time and would not be 21 until August next. When engaged he was asked what wages he required and he said Bd. per hour. He (Mr. Whittle) was informed that before coming to the Corporation the man was engaged in a joiner's shop at 7id per hour. Councillor Stott's letter on the matter would be laid before the Water Committee and in the meantime he would be glad to hear what wages the Trades Council considered under the circumstances the young man was entitled to. In his reply Councillor STOTT stated that the com- plaint came from the Carpenters' and Joiners' branch and their delegates were most emphatic in their objec- tion and in stating particulars as to the conditions of employment. The president of the branch informed him only that week that the joiner was 22 years of age. He disliked to make complaints founded on wrong information, but as secretary of the Trades Council it was his duty to carry out their instructions. It seemed to him that the wages paid were satisfactory for an improver, but the Council would have preferred that a fully-qualified joiner should have been employed at the recognized district rate of wages. If it was the inten- tion of the committee to pay the recognized rate when the joiner attained his majority, he saw no cause for complaint, but that was only his personal opinion. Mr. BUCKLEY said copies of the correspondence were lefore the joiners' branch meeting, and the members were extrettely indignant at the Town Clerk's letter and the Secretary's reply. They considered the latter was half an apology for raising the protest, and that Coun- cillor Stott ought to have made further inquiries before writing. They did not consider it was the duty of the secretary to express any opinions of his own on the Council's action. It was not true that the joiner was not twenty-one. The man informed him on making application to join their society that he was twenty-one last Christmas. They did not recognize improvers in their trade. A young man under twenty-one ought to be working at apprentices' wages, but on attaining his majority he should receive 9}d. per hour. Mr. Buckley denied that the man was taken into the service of the department in response tojthe unemployed agita- tion. He obtained the situation through an official who lived near him. Considerable discussion ensued.

The SECRETARY said he had interviewed Mr. Lloyd who told him that the young man's mother said he was twenty-one next August. He would not have employed the man knowing that he was over twenty one. He (Councillor Stott) admitted that he made a serious mistake in referring to an improver, because he now found that the joiners did not recognize improvers. It was decided to make every effort to obtain wages of 9-1 per hour for the joiner. Mr. SMITH objected on the ground that the man had only just joined the society, and contended that a fully qualified journeyman should have the situation. His amendment that the matter be not entertained fell to the ground.

It was further resolved that in future all complaints as to conditions of etaployment must be forwarded to -the Trades Council in writing by the branch secretaries.

THE SEARCH FORA CANDIDATE.

Mr. BucKLEY submitted the report of the Labour Representation Committee. He said that in reply to the letter of the Secretary, asking for the recommenda- tion of a Parliamentary candidate, a letter had been received from Mr. Macdonald, secretary of the National Labour Representation Committee, recommending a name the committee did not yet desire to be disclosed to the press and the public. The suggested candidate was a member of a society which had a branch in Warrington. The society was financing him and Mr. Macdonald considered he would be a very suitable man for the constituency. Correspondence had taken place and the gentleman had been invited to address a meeting of the committee and state his views. In regard to Bewsey ward bye-election, it was not con- sidered advisable to bring forward a candidate. The report was adopted.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WIDNES AND RUNCORN TRANS- PORTER BRIDGE. Pinning the Last Cable.

An interesting stage in the construction of the Widnes and Runcorn rransporter Bridge was reached on Mon- day afternoon, when the last cable strand was stretched across the Mersey,and was fastened at the Runcorn end by Sir John T. Brunner, Bart, M.P., the chairman of directors. A meeting of directors had just been held, and amongst those present to witness the ceremony were Mr. H. Seton-Karr. M.P. for St. Helens (vice-chairman). Alderman Quinn (Mayor of Widnes), Alderman Owens (Widnes),Messrs.R.H.Posnett(ex-chairm-in of the Rumorn Urban Council),Fmnk Gaskell(Liverpool),W.Handley(Sir John's polical agent), J. J. Webster (engineer of the bridge), T. L. Chase (resident engineer), J. M. Frith (Runcorn), and Albert Nuttall. (representative of the Arrol Bridge and Roof Company, Glasgow, who sires building the bridge). The stretching of the cables has occupied about eight months. Each of the two cable consists of nineteen steel ropes bound together, each rope being built up of 127 wires 0.16 inch diameter, the whole cable thus consisting of 2,413 wires. Each wire is capable of withstanding a tensile strain of 95 tons per square inch. The diameter of each cable is 12 inches, and the weight of both cables is 243 tons. The cables are anchored into the solid rock, 30 feet from the rock surface. The next woit is the erection of the stiffening girders, from which the transporter car will be sus- pended.

. : a - ofE.;

===== 0002601_19040514_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, May 14 1904.

I FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.

I That most capricious of all months—April As-being now over, we look forward to a season ett en we may expect more sunshine and fewer showers. Bright skies demand clothes to correspond, and so the dressmakers now have their hands full, and are besieged with orders, for there are many women who never make up their mind till the last minute, and there is consequently an uncomfortable rush and a difficulty in obtaining the dainty toilettes at the time arranged. It is a mistake to permit the idle days of storm and shower to become lost opportunities for deciding as to how we shall be clad in the days of summer sunshine.

I have been marvelling this year at the wonderful evolution of that branch of business which makes it its aim in life to supply ready made skirts of all kinds with material tucked, gauged, or lace inserted for the bodice, matching the particular form of trimming used on the skirt. There are gowns

*ii....,„."...,,-.., ~... t 4 /i--- 1 :v I 1/ / 6.--...... I, iv ;.. . . '..,0 ' . •L . i 11 '''.-.. -, •

===== 0002601_19040514_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEAT TOILETTE

of this style suited for every possible circum- stance and hour of the day. Those of linen, plain or with a broken pattern or check trimmed with a little coarse lace insertion, offer charming possibilities for morning wear during the next few months and make nicely into bodice and skirt or a loose coatee finished by a lace or linen collar. There are also cloth costumes for colder days such as contin- ually recur during our very variable summer. A dress of this style forms the subject of my first sketch. It is made of navy blue cloth with the skirt of a convenient walking length. The coat is a smart little Eton with handsome revers and a shoulder cape. It can be worn open or closed, as preferred. The revers are faced with cream cloth which is outlined in narrow gold braid. It is worn with a smart hat of black lace and chenille trimmed with a long ostrich feather. For afternoon wear I have seen some charming skirts ready for making up over a foundation. These are of voile or very thin canvas-like material in all sorts of pretty colours, or the ever-useful black. They are gauged down to the knees so as to fit the figure closely all round while a full flowing flounce or frill give the fashionable fulness round the feet. It is wonderful how the leaders of fashion have retained their fancy for a skirt which however elaborate

. .0" ao • 'ii-. , -ilmw- . Alt -.1 ii, •...,,. ~s 1 1 \ , I 14 ' „ .4, ..._ i

===== 0002601_19040514_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY BODICE.

clearly outlines the curves of the figure. Of course, there are skirts of very thin muslin or lace which are drawn fully into the band, but apart from these skirts, continue of a clinging description, and when designed for wear indoors are trained. For out of doors, how- ever, the skirt of which clears the ground without being as short as the correct trottoir skirt is certainly the most popular. Bodices show long shoulder lines which droop, this effect being enhanced by a falling berthe or flounce, as in the pretty bodice shown in my second sketch. This design is one equally suited to a blouse as it is. loose in style and could be worn over a tight-fitting silk slip. It also offers a suggestion for the making up of the bodice material which is always supplied with the ready-made skirts and which sometimes taxes one's ingenuity as to the prettiest style of a dainty bodice. The sleeves in this instance are loose but are caught into deep cuffs trimmed with lines of insertion which also adorn the yoke and flounce. There, are many pretty styles of making bodices, but it is noticeable that there are very few of the close-fitting order. They are all loose aud unlined, designed to be worn over a tight lining of silk for preference but sateen of a good quality should the silk be too costly. We

===== 0002601_19040514_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
PIQUE COSTUME.

still cling also to the bodice which fastens down the back for they seem better suited to the exigencies of fashion even though they do offer considerable difficulties to those of us who do not possess a maid. My last sketch shows a pretty coat and skirt for a little girl. The material used is pique, although the same style could be expressed in a thin woollen material or a nice washing linen. The skirt is pleated, while the saque coat is enhanced by a pretty muslin collar embroidered at the outer edge. Three large ornamental buttons form the fastening, and it should always be remembered that it is best to remove these before sending the coat and skirt to the laundry. It is completed by a pretty washing muslin hat trimmed with lace and a little ribbon. Pleated skirts, of course, are very much worn both by children and their seniors but must be carefully treated when they are of washing material to ensure their successful return from a visit to the laundry. For a slender child no style could be more becoming than that illustrated, and a pretty blouse of embroidered muslin or silk may be worn underneath.

COQUZTTE.

k 0 '.- nr4p 1 4111\ j Iz. 1. . ' ', . .'•,''''..Sl''- • ' P A

===== 0002601_19040514_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
yrignr. ) THE TWO MARRIAGES

BY J. MARSHALL MATHER,

Intlior of "Sign of .the Wooden Shoon," "By

Roaring Loom," Sx.

The little village throbbed with excitement, for it was the wedding-day of Mary Fare.. There was a gay display of bunting down the straggling High- street; knots of neighbours stood around their doors, and a.crowd of children scrambled about the palisades that guarded the old chapel from the road. Everybody was on the alert, and everywhere was in holiday attire. Mary Fare was the daughter of the postmistress, and he to whom she was about to !ink her lot was the Rev. Theophilus Brown, who had been for some time stationed as a minister in that section of the great southern circuit of -. He had come as a young man, inexperienced and enthusiastic, and, meeting with Mary, won her heart and plighted his troth. Two years of happiness passed, and then he removed to other spheres of labour, where he saw fresh faces, formed fresh friendships, and lost his heart on other loves. But he . was bound to Mary. He knew this; and he knew that the authorities of his denomination knew it also, and that they would relentlessly force the climax of the obligation to which he had bound himself. So he was true to his word and true to his bond, and returned on this summer morning to be,united in holy matrimony to Mary Fare. Mary was a lovable girl, simple, trustful, happy. She had no profundity of mind, no accomplish- ments, so-called, no artificiality of manners. She had been born in nature's school, and she was nature's child. She knew nothing of modern literature, nothing of Beethoven and Chopin. Her reading was restricted to simple lays, and her playing to psalmody and country song. In these she found culture and childlike happiness, and in converse with her about these, he too in times past found culture and happiness also. - But a change had come over the spirit of his life. In his sojourn in towns he had become townish ; he had read great books, he had associated with thinkers, he had come face to face with women of mind. Consequently, the glamour of this early love had vanished,; and she whom he had idealised was no longer the object of his romance, but plain little Mary Fare. But yet he was true to his word; he had pledged his vows, and he would fulfil them; and now he stood beside the altar with Mary's hand held in his own, uttering the solemn words: "To love and to cherish till death us do part, according to God's holy ordinance," Mary the while trembling and blushing, and, in her turn, from the depths of her little thobbing heart, responding in accents as fervid as. they were low. The ceremony drew to a close, the carriages drove away, and the crowd was left to its comments, which were of the usual gossipy and prognostic character. . There were many who said they were well matched, prophesying a life of happiness for both; some declaring that Theophilus had found a treasure,. in Mary, and others that Mary had married welV in securing the hand of Theophilus. There wsre two old village crones, however, who demurred from this general approval, and who, shaking their heads, foretold sorrow, declaring that Mary was marrying out of her rank, and that a simple child like her could be no companion for a "scholard " and a man of great learning. But this minority was only laughed at, while the future depicted was treated with scorn. The honeymoon was spent at a quiet seaside resort, where the blue waves lapped the golden sand in crisping rippler, where bronzed fishermen mended their nets and plied their oars, and where little children waded ankle-deep from morn to dewy eve. It was a scene of loveliness and of peace; and in the new-found joy of Mary the hours passed in happy round. Not that her husband was always communicative, for he read books whose names she could not pronounce, and had brooding fits of meditation, as though vexed with the weighty problems of his age. He was indifferent to the objects that claimed her attention, would answer her childlike questions with monosyllables, and smile somewhat disdainfully at the little things that roused her joy. Shells, star-fish, and the many- coloured floating weed towards 'which she would go out with her whole heart, and over which she would clap her hands 'in simple delight, possessed no charm for him; and while she would steal glances at the pages of some perpular serial, he would strain his eyes over the characters of a Greek Testament, or knit his brows over problems suggested by the psychology of Herbert Spencer. Thus it came to pass that though the sky was sunny, and the sea sparkling, and the shore alive wits its wonders, a feeling of loneliness crepe over Mary that she puzzled her head ta account for and define. One morning, as they were seated on the beach, Mary called her husband's attention to a ship that, with its spread sails, manlike, glided over the waters. "Oh, how beautiful!" she exclaimed, laying her hand upon her husband's arm. "Look, Theophilus Could anything be prettier ? " He raised his weary eyes from the book over which lie was poring, and, languidly looking out from over the horizon, muttered:

"Look at what, my dear ? " "At that shipi" she said. "Well, what is there to look at? A ship is but a thing for the transit of merchandise. There is nothing extraordinary in that," and he returned in silence to the book he was reading. A great cloud blotted out the sun for Mary; the sea lost its lustre, the ship its charm. It wasi no longer a white bird gliding over the waters ,• it was a thing for transit of merchandise, a hull, a log moving from port to port. Oh, foolish Theophilus, to put out the poetry of thy little wife's heart, to try and stifle with thy metaphysics the native genius of her soul. Little knowest thou the sorrow thou entailest both on thyself and on her! _ _ _

Mary relapsed into silence, and, for the first time, felt the awful distance there was between her and the man whom she had pledged her word to love, to cherish, and to obey. There, by the music of the sea, which to her was now a dirge, and beneath the light of the sun which to her no longer shone in glory, there came the awful suggestion that she was not the fit partner for his life, and that, as he was beyond her in cleverness, so he was beyond her in sympathy and in love. She—a little country girl, schooled in a village—should never have been so foolish as to suppose she 'could be the companion and helpmeet of one so great and learn. d But she dared follow her thoughts no further; and, bursting inth tears, she wept like a child. But Theophilus was too busy with his book to notice her, and she wept. alone. And so the time passed ; day followed day, Theophilns at his hooks—a poor accompaniment for a honeymoon--and Mary with her foreboding and tears. Neither of them were sorry when the tie for departure arrived, and when the train whirled them away to the distant city which was to be their home. At first they passed through waving fields of corn, spotted here and there with red-tiled farm- steads ; then they came to woodlands, and the stately homes of the rich, their grey stone facades lighted up with the beams of the sun ; then they swept through villages with their quaint, irregular streets, and hoary churches amid the clustering elms. All this was a panorama of delight to Mary who ran from side to side of the carriage that sh. might take in both views of the charming districe through which she was passing. But her excitet rri,mt and flutter were a source of annoyance to her. husband, who the while was greedily hugging his Greek Testament. Gradually the scene changed. Fields gave place to brick crofts, and waving corn to stretches of clay. Instead of the village there came the town. and in place of the spire the chimney vomiting its smoke. The sun took a mor3 hazy •aspect, the white clouds floating over th distant blue lost their former luminousness, and a vapour rose from the earth, no longer sweet and fresh, but pestilential and depressing.. Never before had Mary beheld such gloom in sky or on earth, and, turning to Theophilus, she said: "W here are we ?"

His reply was: "At home." Home! Mary's heart sank within her; and as the cab rumbled over the stony streets it sank deeper and deeper. Street, after street, narrow and gloomy, amid the roar of traffic and the babel of tongues, and then aOsudden pause before a red-brick structnre, bare of all ornament and abutting upon the pavement. Home! Within • was gloomier than without. Sinai! rooms, dimly lighted and pervaded with the wretched city smell—a/03e, stilling, mephitic, the walls glaring with cheap papers, the ceilings sooty with an over use of gas ; the furniture shaky. and clamped with iron clasps to prevent• its sudden collapse when brought into too careless use ; the carpets thretuThare, the windows crying out for a coat of paint—was this home ? Mary looked out of the sitting-room window, and the back of other houses met her view. No sun, no sky, no greenery no little flower to gladden her eye, no Sweet stmuuer bird to

delight her ear. But she could have borne all this, and even more, had the light of love gleamed in Theophilus's eye, and the warmth of passion thrilled in his voice. But she looked and li•tened in vain. nurrienly referring her to the servant tor particulars about the household, he passed into his study—the most comfortable room in the house— and shut to the door: for he was married to his books.

And so the days passed on slowly, wearily and sorrowfully, Mary being left almost entirely to her- self to battle as best she could with the gloom with- out and loneliness within. As a matter of course she had the usual visitors, the dames of the church, many of whom were patronising and inquisitive, ammg these being one of uncertain age who aped a masculine dress and gait, and whose talk was about present-day quections and the problems of the age. Of this lady she saw much, until her presence became a bore. Indeed, if the truth must be told, gentle Mary began to grow jealous of her. And yet she blamed herself for being so foolish, for she knew her husband was as true as steel. But this lady would direct her conversations to Theophilus, read the books which he read, talked about the subjects uppermost in his mind, and sympathised with him in his aims. Mary would sit for hours a silent listener. Now and again she essayed to speak ; only, however, to vex Theophilus and to betray her ignorance. Then she would go into her own room and weep and blame herself for not being clever, and wonder how she 'could fit herself to talk with him whom she loved as this learned lady talked. At last• she determined that she would ask Theophilus to teach her to do so. It was one Sunday evening, and she and Miss Clare—for such was the lady's name.—and Theophilus were seated together in the study. The conversation turned on the morning's discourse, which had been highly philosophic, and duly appreciated by the mind of Miss Clare. Together, she and the preacher went over the arguments in their due order, the lady emphasising their strength and criticising what she deemed to be their weakness ; he, the while, nodding assent and appreciatively listening to all that she had to say. Every criticism front this keen-minded woman and every apprecia- tive • look and word on the part of Theophilus pierced poor Mary's bosom like so many daggers. What had she done to be thus discounted in her own home? Why could not she be his com- panion in thought as well as his associate in the household? Was she to be thus belittled? No wonder he had few words for,her and fewer atten- tions. And as the shadows deepened, darker shadows fell across her sad mind, and she sat in the gloom a sad, a disspirited, and a broken-hearted girl. Thus the minutes passed, and the con- versation continued, but Mary was no longer a listener.

Suddenly she awoke as with a start. Had she heard aright? "To-morrow evening at eight at Centre-Square." What was to-morrow evening at eighlr. at Castre-square ? Was it a meeting? And, if so, who was to meet, and for what purpose? Was Theophilus to meet Miss Clara? Surely it must be so. Would he take her with him ? She would ask him when they were alone, and if he refused she would follow him and so set her tortured mind at rest. But when they were alone the devil of pride entered into her and she remained silent, nursing the bitter feelings of imagined wrong. She, the woman he had vowed to love and to cherish, to whom in days gone by he had spoken tender words, to be set aside for this prig who with her clever talk had withdrawn her husband's atten- tions and affections. No, she.would stand her own ground, she would go her own way, she would be self-sufficient. But she was not strong gmough for her resolve. The meeting in Centre-square vexed her. What did it mean? What was involved in it? She would know, and that for herself; she would know independently of Theophilus. And know she did. And while little came of the knowledge she gained, it brought about the climax of her life.

The whole of that night she spent in restless tossings and heart tortures, and she went about her work on the following day as in a dream. Every- thing was misplaced or lost, breakages were of frequent occurrence, the dinner was badly cooked. Theophilus was in the sulks, and Mary was con- sumed with the fires of jealousy. Time travelled with terrible tedium, and more than once she thought the fingers on the clock had stopped. No, they travelled, but how slowly! Again and again it was upon the tip of her tongue to ask Theophilus as to the meeting. But what if he repulsed her ? What if he told her to heed her own ways? Then her better nature whispered, assuring her that there could be nothing wrong. Theophilus with all his failings was a gentleman, honourable and true; and Miss Clare, with all her book-learning, was a lady and above suspicion. So spake her better mind, her woman's mind. Then the demon of jealousy reasserted itself. It lied to her, and she listened to its lies; she became its thrall, its abject slave. As the day wore on she matured her plans. She would disguise herself as best she could and creep under the shadows of evening to the place of meeting, if possible to see with her own eyes and hear with her own ears. Her husband left home early in the afternoon, and as she watched his form disappear down the street she seemed to see in lines of fire that hateful Miss Clare, who had squeezed the poisoned drop into her cup of life. He was going to her! He would take tea with her! He would accompany her to the meeting But she would follow, she would see all and she would know all, and if needs be she would denounce them; and then she would go back to her village home, to her mother's side, to her roses, and to her geraniums, where she was queen, where she had been loved. She would get away from the horrid town and its smoke, from the horrid street with its gloom, and from horrid women who talked about books she had never heard of, and who appealed with their seductive learning to her husband's mind. So dressing herself a half-past seven she passed out into the street to find her way to Centre-square. It was an evening late in the autumn, and dark clouds were scudding across the sky. Showers of rain fell at intervals and the wind moaned in fitful gusts. Mary knew little of the town, and had no idea as to the whereabouts of Centre-square. She dreaded to make inquiries lest she should rouse suspicion, imagining in her foolish terror that she was known to all, and that her errand was known also. Consequently, in a little while she was lost in a maze of streets, and bewildered with the throng of passers-by. She paused before a large public building; then, supposing that every eye was upon her, she rushed wildly down a hack street, scantily lighted and badly paved. Fear now seized her mind as she thought of the pitfalls and snares of large cities, when suddenly she met a policeman, and summoning courage she asked him to direct her to Centre-square. To her great relief she found that she was within a stone s throw of her destination, and in another mintrie she stood on the threshold of a large paved space across which people were hurrying in a continuous stream. Following in their wake she was soon brought to the front of a public building into which she entered with a rush, being carried by sheer force up a narrow and badly-lighted staircase. In another moment she found herself in a gallery of a huge building looking down over a mass of heads upon an area equally crowded below, at the end of which stood a platform whereon among other ladies and gentlemen were her husband and Miss Clare. Among all those hundreds of faces Mary saw but two. She was oblivious to all else, unconscious that her husband was speaking and that his words were being received by a storm of derision. She felt that she intpt press her way to the front and stand between him and the woman at his side. Brit well for her that it was in vain. The crowd wedged her in • to move was impossible. "Fellow working-men," said Theophilns. But his greeting was received with scornful cheers. "We are here to fight your battle by fighting your bitterestour deadliest foe—strong drink." speaker's voice was drowned by hooting and reb yh e e yells. iyylf a nest of vipers was hidden in et your house-you would thank the man who scotched them for you. We are here to scotch the snake by seeking to prohibit the licence." This utterance was received with clamorous jeers, caterwauling and shouts of "Rob the poor man of his beer." What the epeaker might have proceeded to say we know not, for at this xuncture the-lights were turned out and a general panic ensued. The scene that followed baffles description. Strong men fought one against :mother for the exit, and women fell fainting in the rush. Curses and tries mingled one with the other, and the selfishness of the beast overcame all sense of sacrifice or self- control. Mary felt herself carried towards the stair- case amid a mass of surging, wrastling humanity, and losing consciousness she was torn amid twisted and mangled until flung on the pavement below, where in a little while she was rescued by the hands of strong deliverers and borne off to the infirmary in a distant street.. It-was late when Iheophilus reached his home, breathless, haggard and faint frcrn the risks he had ran and the excitement he had suffered. His first glance was for his wife, and noting her absence he summoned the servant to ask as to her whereabouts. When informed that she had been out since half..

past seven his lite took a still more haggard look, aroi he was seized as with sudden fear. "Been out since hiclf-past seven," he said, partly to himseif and partly to the maid. "Did she leave no message? Did she not say where she was going?" And when assured in the negative he .began to pace the room like a man demented. He looked at his watch and saw thnt If. Wag hal f- past twelve. What should he do? Where should he go? He dared not summon the police; he knew how in vain it was to search in a town so large without a clue. He could conjecture no cause for her disappearance, he could locate no spot as to her whereabouts. In a moment the last three months all flashed before him. Had he been kind to Mary, attentive, affectionate? Had he not neglected her for his studies, and had he not found a charm in the companionship of others rather than in her own? Had she left him? Was she wandering homeless and friendless in the dreary streets, or had she-- Awful thought. No, she could not have hurt herself, she could not have ended her life by violence. And yet of late how silent she had been, how sad. Had lie broken her heart? Had he wasted her young affections which had been showered so lavishly spon him ? As these thoughts rushed madly through his mind he was disturbed by a loud summons at the door, which when opened gave admittance to a burly policeman asking for his presence at the Royal Infirmary, presenting at the same time a card which had been taken from a lady's pocket bearing his own name and address. In a moment he was without and hurrying breathlessly to that house of suffering, and dreading the worst that awaited him there. In through the portals he rushed, blindly searching for the Nvard wherein his wife was lying. At last, after many futile efforts, lie was led to her bedside to behold her unconscious and pale, a mangled mass, dragged from the late panic in Centre-square. Dumb and tearless he stood before her, intuitively understanding all. But Mary did not die. The good God answered the prayers of Theophilus and slowly brought her back to strength and health and beauty. On the day prior to Christmas she was removed to his home, and placed with gentle hands upon the couch in that study to which in the past he had been so wedded. As he knelt by her side and watched the fire-light play upon her pale features his memory went back to the old and forgotten days of his early love, when he first saw her and wooed her. In a moment his conventionalities and his scholasticism fell from him like a disused garment. Books, theories, projects—that had usurped his affections and killed the tender humanities in his being—lost their spell. He was once more the Theophilus of old, full of romance and full of love. Taking up her wasted hand and pressing it to his lips, he whispered: "Mary, my Mary, to love and to cherish till death us do part." And she wound her arm around his neck and drew his face towards hers, receiving the baptism of his love with the tears that fell from his welling eyes, and realising in her heart that they were now for ever one, united by a bond that neither the conven- tionalities of life, nor the theories of science, not the problems of the age could ever put asunder.

[TILE END.]

===== 0002601_19040514_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE DRINK TRAFFIC.

Mr. Birchall Deplores Indifference.

Mr. T. BIRCHALL delivered;an interesting:address on the drinking habits of Warrington at a drawing room meeting held at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. William Gill, 20, Winmarleigh-street, on Tuesday afternoon, to aid the funds of the Police Court and Prison Gate Mission and the juvenile work of the Diocesan C.E.T.S. All the religious and social reformers found one great difficulty, said Mr. I3irchall, and that was indifference. They could get people to be earnest about anything almost except what they ought to be earnest about— such things as football, for instance. In that respect people were intensely in earnest, but, notwithstanding this, he said that if they could only open their eyes there were tragedies being enacted round about them which, could they be seen in the mass, would create in them the greatest horror. Mr. Taylor could take them ashe had sometimes taken the speaker, to districts in Warrington where blasphemy was the only language of the people and where babes only lisped in oaths and curses. That was a terrible state of things, but it was not overdrawn, and seeing that such a state of things , existed it ought to rouse them to great earnestness And to try and do something to remedy it. They were getting sadly materialistic. If there was any disease about they '(Tot frightened. They would remember the scare about smallpox ten years ago, when many lives were sacrificed, the authorities never being left in peace until they had adopted great precautionary I measures to prevent a recurrence of the disease. We I spent thousands of pounds and built a sanatorium, but I they had amongst them a moral infection more danger- ous even than smallpox. But there were no startling letters to the newspapers about it. During the last year or two there had been a feeling in Warrington that corrupt influences were creeping into the municipal life of the borough, and that some of their town councillors were personally profiting in a way they ought not to profit. They knew what intense excitement had been aroused, that public meetings had been held, fierce speeches delivered, startling newspAper articles printad, and that a commission was appointed to investigate the whole of the circumstances. For eight months the Commissioners had been engaged in the work. They had examined and discussed hundreds of documents and many witnesses, and had spent he had no doubt, a good deal of money. And now the report was being anxiously awaited. Yet they had „a state of things existing in their midst that if their feelings were not deadened and their consciences blunted would urge them withal! their might to demand an inquiry into the cause and strive for a-remedy. They were very anxious about material things, and yet he did not hesitate to say that there was an army, a perfect army, of evil influence abroad, far more dangerous than smallpox or fever, and tending to produce those very evils of which they were so much afraid. (Hear, hear and applause.) Mr. Taylor could tell them a good many things about the police court but the cases that came before the magistrates were only samples of what was going on outside, and, he was afraid, a very small number of samples. Last year he took the trouble Ito tabulate his experience of the Police Court, but it was not interesting reading when he came to look at it, as he found that out of so-ne 850 cases in which he assisted to adjudicate at least two thirds were caused by this terrible drunkenness of which they had so much to complain. Mr. Taylor told them only a week ago that he had visited for the purpose of giving relief in some districts where the people were said to be out of work, but what did he find? Five or six persons all of them drunk together— people who had no means of living, but still they could get this drink. That was a terrible state of things,but it did not represent the whole evil. The great majority of drunkards did not fall into the hands of the police, and during his 30 years' experiences as a manufacturing manager, having had 500 or 600 men to look after, he knew many great drunkards as never came into a police court, but they managed somehow I or other to keep out of it. He mentioned that fact to show how great the evil was. They wanted to have al tangible result for the money they spent. What was the cost to Warrington on intoxicants ?—R300,000 a year! There was not one person in Warrington but would say that at least half of that amount might he spared for other purposes with advan- tage. (Hear, hear, and applause.) With even £100,600 turned into the coffers of the trades- men of the town what a difference it would make ! Would to God they could get an inquiry to sit for eight days, never mind eight months, to find some remedy for this horrible and growing evil ! There was only one efficient way of dealing with the matter, and the society was an eminent instance of it, namely, by personal sympathy am' by going amongst the people. That was a most effectual way of dealing with them. Their preaching and lecturing scarcely touched the fringe, and the places of worship were too respectable and rather repelled than attracted. A personal appeal was seldom unsuccessful. This society, he said, showed personal sympathy towards the people who came under its care, and the greater the need the greater the society was ready to help The whole New Testament was an illustration of the power of that personal sympathy culminating especially in the teaching of C hrist Himself. Forth. selfsatisfled Scribe and Pharisee he had words of scathing rebuke, but the poor moral or physical wrecks of humanity called forth the exercise of his deepest pity and coin- passion. The calling him," Lord, Lord," was offensive to him unless they were doers of the things he com- manded and the Apostolic description is that "He went about doing good. The object of this association was to send out a number of good Samaritans to succour and help the sick and wounded wrecks of humanity which were ever with us. To them it was no question of sect, creed or nationality. The lower the victim had sunk the more desirous were they to lift him up. The only claim they recognised was his uraentneed.They pleaded in the spirit of brotherly love with the drunkard to leave that which had blighted his life and desolated his home. He (the speaker) knew from long personal experience how valuable wits.the service they rendered in the Police Courts and not infrequently when the terrors of law had failed to teach some foolish ones wisdom the genial kindness of their friend Mr. Taylor had had the desired effect. They could not all do this kind of real Christian service but they could help and encoer- ae those who were engaged in it, and he hoped the effect of that meetirbe7 would be to stimulate Mr. Hirst and his assistants to carry on their Christ-like work with greater zeal and with a success worthy of their efforts. Mr. HENRY TAYLOR, Police Court Missionary at Warrington, said he was extremely obliged to their host I and hostess for the privilege they had extended to them I with regard to the holding of the meeting. Those I Present, he added, could form no adequate idea of the number of wretched homes in the town.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
';

LO

L the resa. houzei.vives

U BUY IT.

U 9 your and stamps fol. uaqP, and we sett i you an 8-oz. Sample FREE.

Nobility. etc.

PITTS'S PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSINEVES MAIL °AWN. Lamm, China, G 138., liarthßnwtrep Table Billiard., Bagatelle, Ao. Magnificent selections.

SAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTEB, • LONDON ROAD (Ardwiek and Longslght airs). Bstablished 1845. Bankers, L:oyds'. Tel:phone 112- •

• CA _ Nlks With ordinary • , awn' it is filo Ar rth while to go to ths trouble "NI of mitring cstss at Inuit. gut with "KEENORA" Cake Flour the difficulty is overcome and Its 30 gratifying that thomands of are :sow usidg it to bake de,icioul home-made cak PROVE IT BEFORE Y_ You can do this at our expense; send addr.ss id 21 'r poi - will THE 317 t3LICIS -

and economi

IRA" CC las St., Ll'

===== 0002601_19040514_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
KEENøH ;

===== 0002601_19040514_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
e,:;-,-,

EVE rui-s OF THE WEEK.

-----77---------- .:',.------_____- „....--/Z,./ ----4--4:-.4 I. , • it ...,:::,:i4 '...% ---,---- \ is 'I 61 / ~y s=.' A.,.. .. .i. ""------ -----...---',,,-.---- liil II ------_---. ---------- -..----<./ - 7-- ',-(r«.Nl‘ ,/ :- 'f • v"' / \V* . ~ ~,,...,,, \ . _______7__________ _ \*\ \ / / ji4tl _. ~ ritivms , 2., .:,.:::-/i....7-7:7.);,,,:;,.-..,, ,:„.. .!2.ni ~. , 1.• 771,.....):,,,, ~. ~..., .......... 77 /- itip.. ...•,.. ?.4 ./. ,-- fo- ----.-r--- \ ivj,- 1 ilegil Icl'i, 0 • " , a_., . -vo.: ~-..,---, / . /N 1 ~,,,,,4.,-,/,,-, ~ • u/- - 44- -i‘ • -2- i„.....,, ....... ~,

===== 0002601_19040514_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
LHASSA, THE SACRED CITY OF TIBET.

THE TIBETAN CAMPAIGN.

The British mission to Tibet has again met -With unexpected opposition, and though in itself not very serious, it delays 'the final 'settlement of things. After the great rout at Caru, where the Tibetans lost -so heavily, the mission was allowed to reach Gyangtse without further opposition, and a time of rest and quiet followed, during which the "Tibetans freely went in and out of our 'camp trading and driving a deal with 'With unusual acuteness. Then last week of 'of a sudden signs of hostility began once 'More to show themselves, and a scogting 4column on the Lhassa road was all but ;ambushed. This recrudescence of hostilities 'was followedratlthe end of the week by a -determined attack on the British camp by a :force of eight hundred men, who were, how- 'ever, easily driven off with the loss of two hundred and fifty killed and wounded to our -casualties of two Sepoys wounded. This -attack shows that the apparent submission of the Dalai Lama was after all only a feint. and It is now almost certain that the expedition will have to go all the way to the secret 'capital. The attack was led by the Lhassa 'General, and the Dalai Lama's clerk was with Gyangtse stands at the junction of the • hassa and Shigatse roads, and it came from the latter direction doubtless with the hope of ;drawing the British force away from the more 'lmportant objectives' but it is hardly likely to have this effect. It is obvious that the 13alai Lama does not yet appreciate the ;situation, and will probably have to be read sharp lesson at Lhassa itself. There is a 'great fascination about Lhassa, the secret capital of Tibet, which no living white man has ever seen, despite many vain attempts on The part of the adventurous. The Forbidden 'City, as it is called, is the headquarters of the Dalai Lama and lies some two hundred zniles, point to point, from the nearest -tritish territory. The sacred city, which is the headquarters of Bhuddism, is in itself mot a very large town, consisting only of .nine twenty thousand inhabitants, and, ex- Tept for present reasons of policy and Tibet's :geographical relation to our Indian frontier, it is not of very great importance. It is Probably the most priest-ridden spot on the -•globe, and it is hedged round with the most marvellous collection of superstitions. It lies in the centre of a circle of high moun- -tains, forming a ring about four miles in -diameter, in which Lhassa is built. Before it can be -reached, these great mountains have to be scaled, and they have hitherto been so zealously guarded as to circumvent ruses of the European explorer. The city -11.,es in the centre of this intramontane X'ain and consists of red-roofed houses, Nv'urrounded by gardens, and streets with featater flowing through them. But the great „h, ure of the forbidden City is the vast rock ch rises sheer in its midst on which *stands the Bhuddist "holy of holies," the Dalai Monastery, and the Potala Palace of the 'Grand Lama. On three sides are precipices, -and it is unapproachable, rising abruptly everal -hundred feet; and on the fourth it is very steep but accessible by road. The "Monastery is a great building with tier upon tier of windows, and beneath it stands the -sacred Pillar of Lhassa, the font of; all the superstitions. Now it looks as though for The _ first time Lhassa will be entered by white men; and we at home may look forward to a wealth of interesting detail with regard to this extraordinarily fascinating .orner of the world which has baffled so trna,ny explorers hitherto.

PRINCE AND PRINCESS OF WALES AT BRADFORD. The visit of the Prince and Princess of Wales to Bradford to open the exhibition of -dress materials in the Cartwright Hall was an event which had been looked forward to liOr many months by the good folk of the vsorstedopolis, and that their Royal High- nesses received a warm welcome is now almost history. It is noteworthythat the success achieved by Bradfora has gone hand in hand with the local develop- ment of techni- cal education. So beautiful. are the dress fabrics now manufac- tured in Brad- ford that a for- eign trade has opened up which promises to be highly lucrative. For-

tunately, . t h.c

citi7ens- of this b thriving metropolis are not disposed to haggle -aout halfpence when the point at issue is t.he. possession of dress materials; and when -it is a question of competing with the finest °°rns on the Continent, the work cannot be One cheaply. In these days when we hear SO much of the decadence of British mann- Jacturers, it is gratifying to find English en- terprise opening up altogether . into spirited °lllPetition with Continental monopolists. —uring their visit north their Royal High- nesses stayed with Lord and Lady Harewood 'at Harewood House, near Leeds, which iA con- Idered one of the most charming residences 411, li,ngland. The Prince and Princess .re- turned-to town on Friday last after paying visit to the famous Lister Mills at Man- Bradford.

face that his literary output embraces over two hundred books and three hundred and fifty collections of poetical works! In style, he was a strange combination of realism and idealism. All his work was marked by an exuberance of imagination and a weird sense of humour, and in places it rose to the level of true genius and inspiration. At the age of nine he published two poems, and at seventeen he wrote a tragedy called "The Infant Jew," which fifty years later was exhumed and republished. After that he plunged into the vortex of things political in his native country and became an ardent revolutionist, .and by twenty-one he was editing a Liberal paper which incited his fellow-countrymen to revolt, with the result that he was arrested and condemned to death, from which he only escaped by going into hiding. When Hungary had won its Parliament, he again blossomed out into journalism, editing, writing and illustrating a paper, which ultimately got him a year in irons for its political cartoons. After that he settled down to literature proper and gained honour in his own country despite the vicissitudes of his early career. His novels have been translated into many languages and are well-known in this country, especially "The Green Book," and "Black Diamonds." In his old age he was granted many honours by his admiring countrymen— degrees, pensions, prest.i..ts and rewards of all sorts, by which they tried to make amends for the cavalier treatment of his early days, when his country all but lost him by its own decree.•

4," itt r < ‘s\ LORD HAREWOOD.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
DE ;TII OF AAURUS JOKAL

The death of Maurus Jokai, the famous 7ovelist, at the age of seventy-nine, robs rhingary of one of its most picturesque gures, • if not absolutely the most pic- turesque. The old author died from in- tan-II-nation of the lungs after a few days' illness, which was caused by his having to wait at Fiume on his way home owing to the railway strike. He was assid- uously nursed by his young wife, who was Bella. Nagy, the well-known ac- tress, and his devotion to her was touching in the extreme: Maurus Jokai was born' in 182 r 4, and his long life was strangely che• Tiered _ and

MAURLTS JOKAT.

filled with ad- venture. which, II . Never, never interfered with his infinite caDacity for work. This is proved by the

".,,, , ~, „ ' ~ !Ai, filliy t,%., .:;:zi, • , , ,t„ _ _.„.. ~,,„ 1 .. • iy, ..,--, ....., ce . , ~, ~o, ) oi, . ~,%, „ -- .' t, '', : . . . N7,ii i iii \ i i i . \,,; s \ \r...:,,,,.4::..in: / . . :-t,- ~5.5,......: ,

===== 0002601_19040514_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
PARLIAMENT AND THE TOBACCO TAX

Matters in the House of Commons during the past week were unexpeciedly lively in connection with the discussion on. the Budget resolution, and whereas it should have been purely formal, it was made distinctly other- wise by Mr. Reginald M'Kenna, the member for North Mon- mouth, by some caustic corn- ments upon the tobacco tax. The hon. mem- ber asked the pointed ques- tion as to whether or no the secret of the Budget was known to any- one in the to- bacco trade be- fore it was an- nounced in the House, and he quoted remark- able change in the volume of tobacco i m - ports in March MR. R. M.KENNA, M.P. as between

stripped an d anstripped tobacco. With this fact for data, Mr. M'Kenna requested to be informed whether the Chancellor of the Exchequer had been " duped " by persons interested in bringing in unstripped- tobacco into bond, and in particular by Mr. Gallaher, of the firm of Messrs. Gallaher, the great manufac- turers of "Irish Roll." He maintained that if this were so, it was only in accordance with the doctrine laid down by Mr. Cham- berlain and accepted by his followers that there should be direct " communication " between the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Tariff Commission in future. By these remarks it would appear that Mr. Gallaher had been able, through his membership of the Tariff Commission, to influence the Bud- get to his own advantage, and that he had done so in accordance with the principles laid down by the Chancellor of the Exchequer's " father. Mr. Austen Chamberlain resented the accusation of Mr. M'Kenna that he had been communicating with Mr. Gallaher, and quoted as disproof that Mr. Gallaher had since written him criticising the form of tax. The whole matter -rested as to whether Nlr. M'Kenna had made an attack upon the Chancellor's personal honour, and this the member for North Monmouth denied. There were some lively passages-at-arms during the debate, and the Speaker found it necessary to intervene on more than one occasion. The subject of our sketch has been M.P. for North Monmouth since 1895. He was edu- cated at Trinity Hall, Cambridge, and rowed in the 'Varsity eight of 1887.

4 Ativ N41.4111,N

===== 0002601_19040514_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
DE ROUGEMONT AGAIN.

M. Louis de Rougemont is once more in the public eye, recalling five years more ago when he produced his startling series of adventures and tales of unknown lands, which deceived even the British Asso- ciation but were afterwards discredited. True

or not true, his story of a modern Robin- son Crusoe!s life was wonderfully interesting and most cleverly told. When at last the world grew incredu- -lou s, M. de Rougemont. withdrew from it into rustic se- clusion, settling in the little Bed; fordshire village of Flitwick,. where he took a pretty little cot- tage. and has, according t o rumour, been writing more

marvellous and thrilling adventures. He has also travelled widely, like Ulysses, seeing many men and countries. Now he is returning to pubic life in an entirely new and 'original capacity. It is as nothing more nor less than a turtle- rider 1 He is surprised that a statement of his to the effect that he could ride a turtle excited so much contradiction, and now on Monday next, by the courtesy of Mr. Moss, he will proceed to prove his ppint, mouating his turtle at the top of the chute, riding it down the chute into the arena at the Hippo- drome, and there manceuvring his extra- ordinary mount. If unhorsed (or, to be more accurate, if the rider turns turtle), M. de Rougemont will forfeit a hundred paunds. The ignorant may think the turtle a plea- sant mount with its wide, hard back; but not only does it afford a bad knee-grip, but the creature in question has an uncom- fortable knack of diving, porpoise-fashion, several times a minute, and often " sounds " or goes right to the bottom; this, however, M. de Rougemont is confident that he cart prevent, partly by skill and partly by will power. This novel exhibition of "man v. beast," is sure to draw a crowded house.

. ------------- C,-- ,---i-- , .,-04 c- , 0 . • • // “4(4 I --------' I. ) Pi

M. DE ROUGEMONT.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, May 14, 1904.

CRICKET.

(11110KIMICS ! BUMET'S Demon Driver 64:s are the kJ grandest made. Base' s New NI itch Bills retain ther shape, and last longer than any °theta. Busier'i Um Guards are exceptionally good. Busiicr'si Sattia; till was are for superior to the usual class. 6cascies Bto are made It wear. BUSSKY'S Diary and 3 vapailoq is a Gem for 6d.— Apply for BUSSEe4 italogue from Local Sports Outlittersa 36 aud 38 Queen Victoria street, 1,114 Factories foci( him, London; and Slaisweil, oar )lir. (4)

MOORE AND DARESBURY V. LATCHFORD BAPTISTS. —At Moore Park on Saturday. Score:—

MOORE AND DARESBURY.

LA.TCHFORD BAYT [ST&

G. Wright b Hunt l2 J ‘Virrell bW. Antrobus 11 J. Burrows b Hallam W. Antrobus b Hallam 0 J. Hallam c Kilshaw b

Rev. F. Clifton Smith H. Antrobus 0 not out 2O J. Hunt bW. Antrobus 12 J. Smith b Hunt 2 J. Albinson b Burrows 0 J. Millington c Hallam J. Lester c and b W. b Conway 2 Antro bus H. Antroous b Hallam... 4 G. Heald run out H. Brough lbw b Hunt... 1 J. Conway c Kilshaw b C. Kilsfiaw c Lester b Burrows 8

Hunt 1 J. B. Wilkinson b W. C. Ryder b Runt R. Gandy c J. Albinson J. Bibby b NV. Antrobus 1 b Hunt 0 E Cliffe not out 0 Extras

Total ...... .. 57 Total 4l LEIGH V. NEWTON.—At L3igh on Saturday. Score.— LEIGH. NEWTON. - Mayall c Hindley b T. Marsh b Rudge 24 Cooke Williams c Crowther b Williams March W. Hindley c •Cooke b b Hinchliffe 4 Rylance 34 F. Harrison c Glover b S. Wilson b Rylance 0 Turner H. Hinchliffo run out... 11 T. Cooke b Rudge 0 F. Glover b Cooke 2 H. R. Hindley b Rudge 0 F. K. Prescott b Cook 1 J. Marsh not out J. H. Rudge c sub b IV. H.Hindley b Hinch- Cooke 36 life l6 J. R. Hilton not out 6 T. Dudgeon c and b Williams sub c Glover b Hinch- liffe 5

T. Gee b Hinehliffe ... 0 Extras

Total (for 8 wk's) ...177 Total Innings declarel

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS V. LEIGH (SECOND ELEVENS) —At Newton on Saturday. Score:— LEIGH. NEWTON. NV. Knowles b c NV. A. Harrison c Wetton b Hindley 2l McGregor B Scott c and b Hindley 8 J. Pendry b Davies J. Fairclough c Walton b A. Pendry a Stott b H trri son E. Wetton c Herring b S. Bur run out Harrison \V. L. Mold b Hindley ll man W. W. Taylor c Perry b C.W.ffind!eyst Holman Harrison E. Davies c& b Hindley 0 F. Walton run out 1 J. McGregor b Wilkinson T. Wilkinsan not out 0 c Hindley - 0 W. Higginbottom c Wil- kinson b Barr H. Holman not out E. Speakman c Perry b Barr 1 Extras

Total 133

Total 7l

WALKER'S BREWERY v. PENEYET IL—This match .was played a: Penketh on Saturday last, and resulted in an easy win for the visitors. Score :

BREWERY. PENKETH. J. Arber b Upson J. Milner b Elobson W. Schofield st Wenton 3 Upson c Cook b Milner 1 IL Allen c Dumbell b Warburton c Taylor b Upson H. Cook c Weston b Shoe- Hobson b Schofield

bridge J. Lloyd b Hobson 0 Milner ... 1 J. Cain c Warburton b Weston not out .. ...... 3 Hobson 2 Dodds b Milner 6 T. Norman not out 6 Ray not out 2 J. Vernon b Shoebridge 1 Singleton b Milner 2 J. Taylor c Weston b Houghton c Allen b Shoebridge H. Messiter b Shoebridge 0 Extras .. 3 Extras

Total

Total . 22

POLICE V. 141ESS1.S. PF.TEri W&LKER riND SONS.-

Played on the ground of the latter,on Thursday,after pleaslnt and closalv contAsted guns, resulting in a win for the police by one run. For the police P.C. Holland took 6 wickets for 21 runs; P.C. Stuart 'batted well for 20 not out.

PETER WALKERS. POLICE. Arber c and b Houghton 4 P.S.Hollingworth lbw __... _ _ __..

Milner run out - 3 b Milner- 1 Cain b Holland Norman b Holland

E. Allen b Houghton ... 6 Milner Newton b Houghton ... 9 P.C. Stuart not out T. Allen c Stimrt b P.C. Newey run out _

Holland Lloyd b Holland. Taylor c Phillips b _ P.O. Phillips bE. Allen 11

Holland Knight lbw b Holland 0 , bT. Allen 1 Ross not out ... ...

E. Allen 2 P.C. Dennett c and b Milner P.C. Muskett c Arbor b T. Allen 0 Extras

Total

_ Total

===== 0002601_19040514_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
, , '-'IIRANIV4.' , • , 1,00 , S ‘. , .. . frk _ .1.011.0 ST CI; FREE _- -LIVERrooL ,

l CRICKET BATS .' Slogger" 6,3 .• Klynker " 7/6 flu . Doa " 10/6 7 114 j " B:gi (g Paes: ) 15"12/,617/6 '!I Lams. Witch, 17/6 li (patent) 111 Bounderie, 21/- .L, BATTING GLOVES \ 36,46,5/6, 66,76, 8,6 , \ WICKET-KEEPING GLOVES -T, 3,6,416, 5 6, 6/6, 86,106 ICRICKET SHIRTS , 1,6, 2,9, 3, ii, 4•.

WICKETS Ash (plain) 3/6 Ash Ferruled 39 Ash Solid Tops 5/- Ash Revolving 6,9 Iron Shod, 94. set extra

BALLS Challenge 2/6, Suggcess 3/6, Klynker 4/6, Witch 5/6. LEG GUARDS Ordinary Shape, 36, 4;6,5 6,6,6, 8.6 per pair Semi-Skeleton, 5/3. 6.9 4a 7 10. 86,4, peperr ppiaiirr.„ 6 k 6 eBle9t, n ji CRICKET BOOTS 1.1.41 ten Leather. 6 6,7,6. 10/6. he Buck, 9.6 12,6, 15/6, 22,6, 27,6.

CRICKET BAGS Bro, 4,6, 6/6, 76, 106, 12/6. WLII

WARRINGTON V. BOOTLE.—The War ringtonians visited Bootle on Saturday, and gained a brilliant victory. Score

BOOTLE. WARRINGTON. W. Spence b Connor 4 P. B. Hawtin b Mason 9 J.P. Crouch b Lynes Mason b Connor 1 W. H. Podmore lbw b F. C. Johnson c Hawtin Sandiford b Lynes 6 G. H. Übsdell b Sandi- H. Williams b Podmore 33 ford 2 W. N. Barlow b Connor 1 Lynes b Crouch T. S. Johnson c Hampson E. A. Connor c Spence _

b Lynes - 21 b Smith 3 F. W. Boucher b Pod- T. Wright not out 43 more , 0 W. Richardson b Bar- H. Moodie c & b Pod- low 6 MOTO 0 E. E. Wood st Boucher J. W. Smith St Hamp- b Crouch son b Connor H. Sandiford not out G. Hampson not out... 2 Extras

Total 102 Total (for 9 wkts) 164 BOWLING ANALYSIS. BOOTLE. WARRINGTON. 0. M. R. W. • 0. M. R. W. Lynes 12.5 2 52 3 Mason l4 335 1 E. A. Connor 16 636 4 J. W. Smith 11 126 2 W. H. Podmore 4 0 13 3 H. Sandiford 9 330 3 J. P. Crouch 9 3 31 2 W. N. Barlow 4 1 13 1 H. Moodie CHESHIRE -LINES ENGINEERS V. ST. HELENS PRIMI- TIVES. —At St. Helens. Score:— ENGINEERS. PRIMITIVES. E. Jordan hw and b F. Pickersgill c Duck- Pickersgill J. Duckworth b Moore 2l G. Moore lbw b Duck- E. Dooley bPickersgill 3 worth 4 F. A. Deeley lbw and b T. Maine run out Moore H. Lees cs & b Ellison 0 F. Bradshaw b Duck- T. Smith b Chivers S. Wright b Moore 5 J. Thompson b Jordan 8 G. Chamberlain b Chivers 2 J. Hughes lbw & b W. Hill cs and b Chivers 0 Duckworth S. Heckle ss & b Hughes 0 T. Chivers b Jordan A. Deeley not out 4 W. Macaulev c Cham- berlain b aordan 2 R. Knight not out 2 R. Moore b Jordan 0 Extras

Total

Total 3B

SA.NKEY WIRE MILLS V. HIGH LEGH.—Played on Saturday at High Legh, and ended in a draw in favour of the visitors after a pleasantly contested game. The home team closed their innings. Score : HIGH LEGH. WIRE MILLS. Gorton c Evans b RCook 61 Hawthornb Surridge 41 Lister c Clarke bN.Cook 8 Evans not out 42 Earle bN. Cook 8 Merrick b Surridge 0 Rev. J. A. Jackson b Clarke not out Hawthorn l4 Thornycroft bR. Cook 1 Surridge not out l7 Tunstall not out 3 Extras

Total ll5

Total OU

SANKEY WERE MILLS 2ND V. S. PAUL'S, WAR- RINGTON.-011 the ground of the former on Saturday, and resulted in a tie. Score : WIRE MILLS. ST. PAUL'S. J. Pritchard a Dawson b W. Lawless b Partridge 6 Lawless 4 H. Ince b Brough P. 0. Bailey b Mason ... 9 R. E. Foster b Gleave 9 H. Brough run out 9 S. Mason b Partridge 3 R. Hewitt St Ince b J. Bate run out Foster. A. Gleave b Mason H. Hawthorn b Gardener 1 P. Gardener b Brough 12 S. Partridge a Mason b T. Seed b Partridge _ _

Foster 1 E. Mann ran out 4" W. Gorstc Ince b Foster 4 F. Swift not out 0 P. Bladen c and b Ward 2

W. Jones not out B. Powell c Seed b Ward 0 Extras

Total 43 Total 43 FAUWIELD (WARRINGTON) V. ST. CYPRIA.N'S (LIVERPOOL).-At Warrington on Saturday. Score : FAIRFIELD. ST. CYPRIAN'S Norman b Honey Brandrith b it. 'Freeman 10 b Nield 0 Boardmallk h Burston 3 Kecvney c Massey b S. Price lbw b Kewney 13 Nield 0 Nield b Burston 2 Howard b Boardman 6 Whittle cR. Freeman b Burston cJ.Price b S. Burston 3 Price 3 J. Price et a Freeman b R. Freeman b S. Price 13

Kewne/ 2 Honey c S. Price b R. Price c and b Kewney 9 Norman 3 Massey not out Haigh at G. Freeman b Cooke bS. Price Kewney 1 Beckett not out 1 Price run ou.t b Boardman 1 Pharoah c Brandrith b Boardman 0 Extras 4 Extras

Total

Total ... 28

" GUARDIAN " OFFICE WARRINGTON V. BEWSEY- ROAD WESLEYA.NS, WARRINGTON.—PIayed OR the ground of the former on Saturday. Score : .. 0

"GETARDIAII" OFFICE. WESLEYANS. Moss b Dale 1 Holloway react

Massey b Hall 5 Whitehotise c Massey b 1 Haddock run out ... Burrell c Mellor b Hall 1 Wildman b Nichols Clarke c Chilton b Dale 3 Chilton b Burrell Lilford b Hall 1 Dale b Nichols Woodhead b Hall Gelderd c Senior b Hall 4 Hayes b Burrell Davies b Whitehouse ... 20 Winstanley b Nichols 21 Kimberley b Hall Nichols not out Senior c & b Nichols 0 1 Extras

===== 0002601_19040514_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION AND HEADACHE. Bile Beans Banish Both.

Constipation is the cause of many of the ailments from which mankind suffers. In most cases it is due to defective liver action, and as Bile Beans act directly on the liver, causinc, it to secrete Nature's own aparient— the bile—they end constipation in the surest way. Mrs. Jones, of Green Street, West Bromwi3h, says: —" All my life I have been a sufferer from constipation In consequence of this, I suffered severely from head- ache. My appetite left me, and no matter how tempt- ing the fond which was placed before me,l had no relish for it. When I went to bed I could not obtain any re- freshing sleep, yet during the day I always felt drowsy and tired. I could not do my work properly, and was very much depressed. "I took various kinds of medicines, but none did me the slightest good. One day I read in the paper about someone who had been cured of similar complaints to mine by Chas. Forde's Bile Beans. "I determined to try them and sent for a box. At the time I was in dreadful pain, and the first few doses of the Beans gave me some relief. I continued with their use and gradually both the headache and constipation loft me. I can now eat and digest food, and I awaken in the morning refreshed after having had a goodnight's rest

_ "You are at liberty to use this information in any way you like, for I think that people should be made aware - of the splendid qualities of Bile Beans." This vegetable remedy may be obtained from any chemist at is. lid. or 2s. '3d. per box (2s. 9d. box con- tains 3 times is. lid. size), or post free on receipt of prices from the Bile Bean Co., RedCross-street,London, E.C. Bile Beans are the finest family medicine, and a certain cure for all stomach and liver troubles. Avoid substitutes.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
EXCITING BURGLAR CHIBE. Early l'ilarning S3en3 at Warringtoi. DRNG Arropr ON THE STORES.

The story of the exciting chase and capture of a supposed burglar was narrated at the Warrington ['once Court on S am-day when Joseph. Hudson, a stranger, of respectable appearance, appeared in the dock on the " charge of burglarionsly entering the house of Mr. William Ford, cashier to the Warrington Co-operative i Society, 37, Froghall-lane, and stealing two bunches of _ i keys, a cash bag, and £2 14s. 3d. Total tendent Monaghau that Nit-. Pori retired LYMNI V. GILA.PPENFIA.T.L.—.it Lymm on Saturday. Ito bed at 11.10 on Friday night, making ! Both teams were strongly represented. Score : I. the house secure. On a chair by the bedside he placed LVMAI. GRAPPENHALL• I his trousers in winch were 2s. od. in cash and the keys !J. Hampson c Evans b W. Banks c Pollitt b lof the Co-operative Stores. About four o'clock he ! Warburton iH. Saville b Watson ...... 6 J. Warburton c and b I floor. On examining the pockets he found that the keys H. Marsden lbw b Watson 0 Thorpe •H. Thorpe cEllis b Watson 2R. Ellis b Hampson iW. A. Pollitt c Kaye b J. Pearson c Wilkes b • window had been broken and partly opened. Mr. Ford's 1 Watson iB. Lowe not out l2 E. England c Pollitt b : and jacket were missing as well as the keys I A. B. Ferris b Carter • of his provision shoo in Battermarket street 4 H. Haaimffoprsdonb . 5avi11e......... . ::: 22 and £2 12s. in cash. Mr. Ford sent his son to the 'H. Barewell c Gifford b Watson ~ . R. E. Wilkes b Watson... 2 W. Watson c Wilkes b ! told the bakers who were at work what had occurred. W. Wrig g c Carter b Saville Witson catches had been forced back. Prisoner was at the rear 1 J. Gibbo n lbw b Watson 0 _ of thOstores and or' seeing the employees approaching he

Extras

5

Total

Extras

Extras 7

_ scaled a wall and, dropping into •Caro-stet, made of! _ down Bold-street.—P.C. Stewart, Detective Foster, and Total 37 Total (for 7 wkts) 62 P.C. Gibbs took Up the chase and traced prisoner LEGH-sTREET V. SALISBURY-STREET.—On Saturday 'to the back of E nmanuel Church. Prisoner eluded on the ground of the latter. After a hard-fought game them for the time by climbing over some th visitors proved victorious by 16 runs. H. Bloor wa,shhouses, but he was eventually run to earth at the e bowled well for the winners, taking six wickets for,ten back of 14, Museum-street. He was taken to the Police mai. R. Mansell and P. Ford also did well for the Station and searched. In his possession were the misswinaers, scoring 20 and 16 (not out) respectively. , inf., keys and money, an electric flaqh lamp, some cart- ridges, a gimlet, knives, a pair of goloshes and. other . articles, as well as a list of the C3-ooerative stores and I lock-up shops in different parts of the country. i Prisoner was reirindli uatil t)-dty in order thlt the 1 police could make further inquiries.

Fels-Naptha

No use to use it unless you go THE GREAT SKIN CURE.—" Budden's S.R. Skin by the book. . Ointment" will cure Old Wounds, Ulcerated Legs, Eczema,'Ringworrn, Scrofula, Piles and Scurvy, andall No use to use it and boil your wash. Skin Diseases. Boxes, 7:1(1. and 1/lid. Agent for St Helens: J. W. Jackson. Warrington: H. NLAshton Go by the book. , Runcorn: Weston and Co. Earlestown : A. Peake Widnes: Lewis and Calvert, Ltd. Fels Naptha 39 Wilson street London E C

===== 0002601_19040514_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
CORPORATION AND FAIR CONTRACTS.

Uioists Not Satisfiel.

THE STOURBRIDGE DEPUTATION.

The recent acceptance by the W rrington Town Council of the tender of Messrs. Thomas Rhodes and Son, of Stourbridge, for the supply of galvanised pails and ashbins was again under discussion at the meeting of the Trades and Labour Council on Tuesday evening. Mr. S. Webb, the general secretary of the Amalgamated Union of Iron Plate Workers, was in attendance and gave a lengthy address. The CEIAIRMA.N£Mr.J. Podmore) said the matter had created great public interest and the opinion was ex- pressed in some quarters that their Labour Councillor had received a check. That night they hoped to be able to let the public know how the matter stood, not from the point of view of the employing classes--whose representatives were f.,0 . strong on the Council—but from the trade union standpoint. The SECRETIRY (Councillor Stott) read a letter from Mr. Webb in which, he explained - the purpose of his visit. The Executive Committee of the Union had had the Warrington contract under consideration. They realised that the deputation from Warrington was severely handicapped by the workmen refusing to give the evidence necessary to enable the deputation to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion as to what were the actual wares paid for the making of the goods. The oommittee also feared that, having to rely upon the statements of the employer, the deputation would return to Warrington with the impression that no violation of the Council's standing orders was taking place; and that, therefore, the agitation created by Councillor Stott was altogether unnecessary and uncalled for. Consequently it was thought that Councillor Stott's honour was likely to be impeached by his fellow towasinen. It.was therefore desired that Mr. Webb should address the Trades Council and, by a simple statement of real facts, demonstrate that there was ample justification for the course Councillor Stott had taken.

Councillor ST3TT then went fully into the history of the contract. Incidentally he remarked that they had had on many occasions to co-nplain of the action of the Town Council in accepting the lowest tender without making the least inquiry as to the condi- tions of labour obtaiaing in the works concerned. He proceeded to explain how, in conseatience of Messrs. Rhocres' statement by letter to the Council that they paid the recognized rate of wages for the district and that the men were working the recognized number of hours per week, he and Mr. Warburton (the treasurer) visited the Lye district and saw two men who were employed by the firm. These mea told them that the rate of wages would average about 265. per week. Thc, workmen were, they stated , paid from 21s. to 225. up to about 305., and it was their opinion that not more than one man was paid as high as 30s. An employee had to be a very good man indeed to receive 28s. Councillor Stott then touched upon the Sanitary Works Committee' decision to send a deputation to Stourbridge,consisting of Councillor John Evans and the DeputyeTown Clerk. Daring the week,Councillor Tinnion,whilst on a visit to the Birmingham Exchange was accidentally, they were informed, introduced to Mr. Rhodes. He explained the details of what had transpired in reeard to his (Coun- cillor Stott's) objection, and Mr. Rhodes expressed a desire that he (Councillor Stott) should be included in the deputation.He received a letter from thelrown Clerk asking him to accompany the deputation, and he accep- ted the invitation. Mr. Rhodes met them very fairly and was very plausible. He immediately began to reply to his (Councillor Stott's) statements in regard to the dismissal of a number of men. Tease men, it was stated, were originally paid a day wage at the rate of 24s per week, but they were not earning more than 15s. Mr. Rhodes said there would have to be a change so he dismissed the men, who vere eventually re-engaged by a workman as sub-contractor on the piece-work system—many of them at a reduction of 2s. per week. The men then offered to do the work for the firm at the same piece- work rate that the sub-contractor was receiving, so after some weeks the sub-contractor was dispensed with. The men were now employed by the firm on piece-work and Mr. Rhodes said they were earning—and were perfectly satisfied with it—from 325. to 355., instead of being able to obtain a-maximum of 24s.bu1 only receiving 15s. under the old system. He (Ur. Scott) had been informed many times that 6d. per hour for 60 hours per week was thelrecognised rate for the district. Mr. Rhodes denied that there was a reeognized rate, but said he paid the best wages in the district and had the best workmen Eventually he acknowledged that he did not know what other firms were paying. The workmen he (Mr. Stott) interviewed would not answer any question except to keep repeating that they were satisfied. He sympathised with them, because he fully believed that had any man given information that would have led to the contract being withheld from the firm he would have been dis- missed. The condition of trade in the district was such that they would have great difficulty in obtaining em- ployment elsewhere. Mr. Rhodes took the deputation to the part of the works where the men who did the class of work the Corporation required were employed, and he told them that he paid these men from 245. to 325. One employee who, Mr. Rhodes confessed, was pre- judiced in the firm's favour, said he was receiving 31s. and that three other men in the shop were earning that amount. He said rhea were receiving as little as 18s. but afterwards corrected himself and said only one young man who had been drafted from anther department was getting that sum. Another man, who appeared to have a grievance against the society, merely stated that "he would be very sorry if he could not earn more than 305." The position was that Mr. Rhodes said there was no standard rate of 305., and that he paid his best men from 245. to 324. The Corporation standing orders said that all persons employed on the works must be paid the recognized rate for the district. He had received a statement signed by twelve men working in the district who said they were paid 6d. per hour. He did not feel he had had a ".knock down." He felt he had done his duty and the action of the Coubcil would not prevent him taking the same steps in future if he considered he was justified in doing so. Mr. S. WEBB characterised the matter as one of para- mount importance to trade unionists and to the rate: payers of Warrington. He expressed the sincere grati- tude of his society to Councillor Stott for his invalu- able services. If they had a friend like Councillor Stott on every town and city council the matter of municipal contracts would sp sedily be put on a differ- ent footing. They hoped Warrington workingmen would support Mr. Stott by again electing him when the time came. He (Mr. Webb) was satisfied that when his worth came to be realized in the Council Chamber—as it must be sooner or later—it would not be very long before he was called upon to occupy the mayoral chair. (Hear, hear and laughter.) Dealing with the matter at issue, Mr. Webb said that by the standard rate he understood the rate which by common consent and continued practice had become established. In 1889 there was a great agitation in the district affected by the contract I concerning the wages paid to the inn plate workers. The workmen then joined almost in a body, "The Knights of Labour" and a list of prices was drawn up and submitted to the whole of the em loyers of the Lye and Stourbridge districts. after some revision the prices were agreed to by workmen and employers, and came into operation in 1890. Those prices were based on piecework rates—which were the only rates the trade union recognized—andsettled once and for all the question of wages for the making of galvanised holloware. The question of the day rate was then considered, because it was customary in some factories for the employer to engage men to make odd- meats. It was agreed that Gd. per hour or 30s. per week should be the rate. The 1890 list for piece-work had remained in operation until the present time, with the exception that it was now subject to a 10 per cent discount. The honour- able understanding arrived at with reference to 6d. per hour for general workmen had remained nnaltered and the rate was recognized by the great majority of employers in the district when any day work had to be done. The trade union rate was the piece-work charge. The standard rate of the district for the class of work the Corporation required was 6d. per hour, because Messrs. Rhodes some years ago, when the union was not strong enough to resist it and when the trade organiza- tion was not in a position to dictate the terms, revolu- tionised their factory by abolishing the piece rate and establishing throughout the works a system of day rats with the 'result that there naturally followed a sub- division of labour. In order that they might appear to be abiding by the understanding arrived at in 1890 they paid a few of their hands the recognised rate of 30s, but the others had to come down and down to 18s. He could quite understand that on the common work they would not pay 6d an hour,but the goods made for the Warrington Corporation required skilled work- men. Mr. Rhodes admitted that he paid. these best men 245. to 325. per week. In 1893 a strenuous effort was made on the part of employers and workmen in the district to eetablish a wages board in order to regulate the wages of the workpeople and to determine the selling prices of the goods. Mr. Rhodes desired to stand outside the scope of the board, but eventually promised to attend on the one condition that they would not interfere with his system of working. He had intro- duced the innovation of day work evidently with a desire to cheapen the cost of production, and if attend- ihg the board meeting meant that he should go back to piece rates he was not prepared to attend. Last year the list of prices was revised, and they did not overlook the matter of day work, seeing that one or two firms had followed in 'Messrs. Rhodes's footsteps. Therefore they placed on the list the minimum day rate=-6d. per hour—although they met with strenuous opposition from the Birmingham district because they rightly said it was not enough. Whether a shop was a trade union shop or not, the same rate of wages obtained according to the list. He was bound to declare emphatically that Messrs. Rhodes did not pay the recognized rate of the district with but one or two exceptions. They must consider that the firm employed 40 or 50 men, and when only one or two were receiving the standard rate, they could not say Messrs. Rhodes were paying the recognized rate for the district. In a footnote to their letter the firm said they bought wire fro:u a Warrington works. It should be borne in mind that there was not a particle of wire

in the articles required by the Corporation. As a trade I union they had no spleen at all against Messrs. Rhodes. They had not taken up the matter in a vindictive spirit. If Messrs. Rhodes would pay the recognized rate for the district, although it be the day rate—of which they did not approve—they were prepared to raise no objection, but would wish them well in the contract they had in hand. They had some wise aldermen on the Council who objected to a lecture on trade unionism, although that was a part of their education which had been grossly neglected, (Laughter). He would like them Ito realize that while the trade union rate would be 10s. per dozen, at which a man could earn comfortably .£2 a week, the trade unionists were perfectly satisfied to let Messrs. Rhodes have the contract if they paid the standard day rate of 30s. Mr Webb gave information AS to the strength of the union which he said, had 500 members in the midlands. He contended that there was ample justification for thel course taken by Councillor Stott, and that it was in harmony with trade union principles. He had been taking up a matter of the oppressed and was desirous that the Corporation should be model employers and ' set an example to others by paying a satisfactory rate of wages. (Applause.) Mr. BUCKLEr said that after reading the report of the Town Council debate he came to the conclusion that the Trades Council had no case. He considered Councillor Stott's defence was a poor one, and had he (Mr. Buckley) been on the Town Council he would not have feltln a position to second the amendment. Having heard Mr. Webb's statement he considered they had a strong case; and he moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Webb. Councillor STOTT said Alderman Fairclough had ex- pressed the opinion that seeing that he (Councillor Stott) had misled the Council he ought to pay the expenses of the deputation. Alderman Fairclough never objected to the expenditure of thousands of pounds of ratepayers' money in looking after his interests and the interests of other manufacturers on the river. He (Councillor Stott) did not suggest the deputation; neither did he ask to be included in it. By going to Stourbridge he lost a day's wages. The CHAIRMA.s thought there was not the slightest doubt that Councillor Stott was justified in the stand he had taken. He believed if the town were canvassed the ratepayers would say they were willing to see people well paid for their labour. He, as a ratepayer, objected to be a participant in any sweating. He objected to men in the Town Council who stood on public plat- forms, attended P.S.A. meetings, and talked about justice and brotherhood, and then could not support an action which would bring about brotherhood and justice to a class of workers in the Lye district. He was per- fectly ashamed of some men on the Council that they were not prepared to stand by Coun- cillor Stott's side and second the amendment. ' He hoped Councillor Stott's hands would be strengthenedi by the return of other labour representa- tives n order that theybould teach the men who often looked down upon workingpeople as dirt beneath their feet that they were not all the population of the coun- try, and that there was someone of equal importance to themselves who wanted to live in a proper mannei. Referring to Councillor Maginn's motion in regard to tenders, the speaker said the invariable acceptance of the lowest contract would mean sweated labour and they as trades unionists must oppose the proposition The vote of thanks was heartily accorded. On the motion of Mr. Jolley the secretary was in- structed to write every Alderman and Councillor asking him to oppose Councillor Maginn's motion at the next Council meeting. The motion reads "That, it be an in- struction to each committee of the Corporation, when they have obtained tenders for goods, or for labour re- quired, or both, to accept the lowest tender except only in cases where any person tendering carries on business .within the borough, and in which the committee for special reasons may consider it advisable not to accept the lowest tender, and that in accepting any tender each committee shall require the persons ten- dering to give the names of two responsible sureties who shall guarantee the due execution of the contract. That the standing orders be amended so as to give effect to the above resolution." The SECRETARY said he had circularised the various trades councils and the replies received to date showed that only four borough councils had not a standing order relative to fair contracts. The majority of the councils specially mentioned trade union conditions.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW BAND OF HOPE BUILDINGS.

Councillor Thornton Lays ona of

the Stones.

Before another year is over the Band of Hope and Temperance Union for Lancashire and Cheshire will be housed in a fine new building in Deanszate,Nlanchester, the foundation-stones of which were laid on Saturday, in the presence of a great gathering of temperance workers.

The Lord Mayor and Lady Mlyoress of Mmchester Sir James Hoy, and the Dean of Manchester lent the support of their presence to the proceedings, which were presided over by the Rev. Canon Hicks.

Tne new building-, which will be five storeys in height,is to cost £ls,ooo,and towards this amount about £B,OOO has been already promised. The chairman of the Executive (Councillor El. Thornton, of Warrington) has promised £l,OOO-2500 unconditionally and £5OO if the full sum wanted is raised this year. On the top floor will be a meeting hall to accommodate 500 persons, and the rooms below will be used as offices. The ground floor will contain the publishing department and sev- eral shops, and the bas3ment a restaurant. There will be a room set aptrt for the use of temperance people visiting the city from outtide districts. The first stone was laid by the Lord Mayor, and others by Messrs. A. A. Haworth, H. J. Whitehouse, H. Thornton, T. E. Hallsworth, W. Chandos Wilson, J. Davies (on behalf of the Sons of Temperance), and Master William Hartley Higham (of Accrington), the last named, who is a grandson of Mr. W. P. Hartley (of Aintree) laying what was described as the children's stone.

Before layinga stone Councillor Thornton said that as chairman of the Lancashire and Chenire Band of Hope and Temperance Union, actively associated with its work, and knowing very much of the details of its operations, he could bear emphatic testimony to the need of the building, whose foundation stones they were that day laying. The magnitude of the vrorkings of the Union wa.s surprising. They not only dealt with the local bands of. hope, but in connection with the Union they federated all the band of hope effort of Lancashire, Cheshire and North-West Derbyshire and dealt with the Union as it now stood. There were 81 towns and district unions, comprising 1,777 societies, with a membership of 271,000. He wished to say to the honour and credit of the different com- mittees that there were 7,000 honorary workers. Since the commencement there had been 10,985 lectures given by their agents, attended by 35,839 teachers and 1,206,418 elder scholars, to whom after examination 173,700 certificates of merit had been given. They would see then from these figures what an immense amount of thought and care had to be exercised. They believed that, good as it was to reclaim the unfortunate victims of intemperance, it was much more satisfactory, much less costly, and much surer, to get hold of the child, to train it aright, and to let it know the truth concerning intoxicants. That was the work of the Band of Hope Union. To do that they needed to come into touch with all classes of children's institutions, not only in the Band of Hope, but in the Sunday schools and in the day schools. Their work was supremely educational. It did not stop with the children, but was encouraged and developed by the promotion of conferences among teachers, medical men and others. (Applause.) They both sought to encourage the work and the workers, indeed it was remarkable to notice that the bulk of their work, so necessary and so useful to the community, was done by voluntary workers, for whose help, how- ever, they were bound to engage a number of other workers, both on the premises and outside, as lecturers, &c., &c., who were paid for their labour. That Union was one of the most powerful temperance organizations in the provinces. Certainly there was none that had a greater numerical strength. He questioned if there was one doing better work for the community. They considered—and no doubt the public would agree with them—that they were beginning at the right end. The more their work succeeded, the fewer would be the victims of intemperance. Not only so, but there would be less cost to the community caused through intemper- ance. It was in order to improve that great work they were erecting that building, so as to make the work more efficient, and more productive of good. He wished to press upon them the following point : The amount they were striving to realize was very little indeed, when they considered that for the putting up of the building, and carrying on temperance teaching in the day schools, &c., they were asking for even less than was spent every half-day in intoxicants in the district in which the Union Rorked. All were agreed that intemperance was a great evil, and that it was too late to seek to stop it when men and women had become intemperate and drink slaves. There was undoubted justification and encouragement for the great work 0-ey had in hand, and which he did not hesitate to say did not receive the sympathy and support it deserved. Fov years this great work had been successfully going on in an inconvenient, stuffy. inadequate, and unhealthy centre. The extensive and healthy machinery now at work required and demanded better accommodation, or its workings would be seriously crippled. Solomon had said: "There is a time to gather stones together." They, as labourers, considered that for their work now was the time, and they sought for help, and believed, too, that they would do their best for them on that occasion. (Applause.) If, however, after hearing their explanation and information that day, they felt drawn out to give more than they had with them, they must not be discouraged, as Mr. Wilson, at 3, North-parade, would be very pleased to receive favourable letters any time. The sooner and the more numerous the better. (Laughter and applause.)

At Kettering on Wednesday a boy died from the effects of the injuries resulting from the explosion of nitric acid and mercury, which he had bought at a chemist's shop, and placed in a bottle. He had read in a popular reference book that such a mixture was good for regulating bicycles. A girl hat just been terribly injured at Northampton in exactly similar circumstances.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
TORTURING DISFIGURING Skin, Scalp and Blood Humours

From Pimples to Scrofula, from Infancy to Age

Speedily Cured by Cuticura when All Else Fails.

The agonizing itching and burning of the skin, as in eczema; the fright- ful scaling, as in psoriasis; the loss of hair and crusting of the scalp, as in scalled head; the facial disfigurements, as in acne and ringworm; the awful suffering of infants and anxiety of worn-out parents, as in milk crust, tet- ter and salt-rheum— all demand a rem- edy of almost superhuman virtues to successfully cope with them. That Cuticura Soap, Ointment and Resolv- ent are such stands proven beyond all doubt. No statement is made regard- ing them that is not justified by the strongest evidence. The purity and sweetness, the power to afford immedi- ate relief, the certainty of speedy and permanent cure, the absolute safety and great economy, have made them the standard skin cures, blood purifiers and humour remedies of the civilized world.

Bathe the affected parts with hot water and Caticura Soap, to cleanse the surface of crusts and scales and soften the thickened cuticle. Dry, without hard rubbing, and apply Cuti- cura Ointment freely, to allay itching, irritation and inflammation, and soothe and heal, and, lastly, take Cnticura Re- solvent, to cool and cleanse the blood. This complete local and constitutional treatment affords instant relief, per- mits rest and sleep in the severest forms of eczema and other itching, burning and scaly humours of the skin, scalp and blood, and points to a speedy, permanent and economical cure when all else fails.

Sold throughout the world. Cutietra Resolvent, 2.5. Cd. (in form of Chocolate Coated Pills. U. led. per vial of 60),, Ointment, 2s. 6d., Soap, Is. Depots: London. 27 Charier house Sq.: Paris, 5 Rue de is Psis; Boston, 137Columbue Ave. Potter Drug & Chem. Corp.. Sole Proprietors. tgdr- Send for "How to Cure very Rumour."

===== 0002601_19040514_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

WAR. MFAIORIAL AT EARLESTOWN.

A monument to the men from the Newton-in-Maker- field district who volunteered and took part in the South African war is to be erected near Earlestown Town Hall. The design of Messrs. Dring and Man- chester, architects, Earlestown, was selected in open competition, and the tender of Messrs. Stott and Pres- cott, sculptors, St. Helens, for the execution of the monument has been accepted. The memorial will have a masssve granite base and pedestal in various shades of fine-axed and polished Aberdeen granite, and will be surmounted by a life-size figure of a" man in khaki," executed in white Carrara marble. It is expected that. the monument will be completed in six months.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD VEM PLARY.

1.0.G.T. Hope of Earlestown Lodge held the weekly meeting in the new room, Clarke s Assembly room, Bridge-street, on Monday, when the proceedings took the form of a social, presided over by C.T. Bro. J. F. 'Singleton. After a few items of business had been transacted and one new member initiated, refreshments were handed round and the following items were credit- ably rendered :—Concertina solo, Bro. J. Leatherbarrow ; song, "The Echo boy," Sister Mrs. Willis; recitation, Bro. 3. Warburton; song, "Cling to the Cross," Sister J. Hill. A good number of members and one visitor were present and a very pleasant evening was passed. Hearty thanks were tendered to all who had helped to make it successful. WESLEYINS AND THE LICENSING BILL.

At a meeting of the Wesleyan Band of Hope Committee held on Wednesday May 4th the following resolution was unanimously passed : "That this meeting of the Wesleyan Band of Hope Committee expresses its strong disapproval of the new Licensing Bill introduced in Parliament by the Home Secretary on the grounds that it proposes a serious and unwarrantable interference with the discretionary power hitherto exercised by local justices. that it would creates vested interest in licences and would discourage the reduction in their number and that by entrenching the licensed trade it would place a serious hindrance in the path of national temper- ance reform. That copies be sent to the member for this division and local press." _ _ _ _ _

NAVAL APPOINTMENT 'FOR. INTR. FRANK T. ORMAND.

We are pleased to learn that Mr. Frank Thompson Ormand, second son of Mr. Thomas Ormand. J.P., and grandson of Mr. Peter Thompson,of Lowton,has recently been successful in obtaining a cadetship in the Royal Navy. Mr. F. T. Ormand has been appointed to H.M.S. "Prince George" of the Channel Fleet. The appoint- ment dates from the 15th May, 1904, and on the 30th instant he will become a midshipman. Mr. Frank Ormand was educated at the Earlestown Wesleyan school, and gaining a County Council scholarship con- tinued his studies at the Manchester Grammar school. For the past two years he has been studying. for the Navy aboard the "Worcester," and passing the final examination with highest honours has been gazetted to H.M.S. "Prince George." as midshipman.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
A Bit'UTAL ASSAULT.

Martin Welsh, collier, residing at B mk-street, Golborne, was on Thursday at Newton-le-Willows Police Court, fined 40s. and costs, or two months' hard labour,in default of paying the fine,for assaulting a little girl named Jane Crawford, residing in the same street, on April 7. The evidence showed that disturbances had taken place between the Crawford and Welsh families, and it was stated that what Welsh could not "take out" of Mrs. Crawford he would "takeout" of her children, and that on the day in question Welsh kicked the girl on the left ankle so severely that she was still under surgical care in consequence of the injuries received. Defendant was wearing pit clogs at the time. The bench characterised the assault as a most cold-blooded and brutal one.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. - -fl/4

===== 0002601_19040514_art0033.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'°\

4

===== 0002601_19040514_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- - _ •

===== 0002601_19040514_art0035.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1;

===== 0002601_19040514_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t. N t L

===== 0002601_19040514_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe " &amour :ernes

rig •• WARRINGTON AND MID-CHRBHIRS i HtAMINER." published every Saturdt.— morning. . -r" ~ URLICSTOWN SND NRWTON grAMINEB, published every Friday afternoon. T" "ST. EIRLIKNB gYiumusit,' published every Friday afternoon. THE " RUNCORN FAA-MINER," published every All_ Friday afternoon. T" is 'N' IDNREI EXAIKII 'RR," published every Friday afternoon. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENT AP kRTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WAN 7 ED APARTMS'NTII TO LET HOUSES TO TiE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES F,UND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ............... ... Os. 64. ... Is. 3d. ... 25. Od, 27 38 361 54

===== 0002601_19040514_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Bornestir Oerbantl, etr

WANTED good GENERAL 17 to 20 —Apply by letter 48, GAREITING ROAD, PrOttOTI.

WANTBD. good GRNBRAL ; no wb.shing ; twc children. —Mrs. PAFTCALFA. 52, Oolne rd., Burnley.

WANTHD, at once Good KITCHNNMAJD. —Apply Mrs. YOUNG. "The Mornington," Bouthport.

WANTED, Housemaid, Nursemaid and a General; good character required.—GßAMMAß SCROOL, Sale.

VT ANTSD good General SHICVANT, 17 or 18 state salary. V —Apply with references. 73 DALLAs ST., Pre‘ton.

ANTED experienced COOK GEINISKAL, two other If servants kept.-12, LANSDOWNE CRESCENT, Blackpool.

WANTED, good GENERAL; four in family; good swages Mrs. lihrkust, 42, Park rd., St. Annes-on-Sea, Lanes.

WANTHD goof, GENhEAL SEUVANI. Apply MRS. SNALLBY,Stone Hill Farm,arindleton, Nr, Clitheloe. wANTED, good, plain COOK GENERAL; housemaid kept. —Mrs. J. FIRTK BOOTH. Manor House, Lees, near Oldham.

WArTIM competent GRFIRRAL ; all duties; highest references required.-79, HEALD PLACE, Rusholme.

atlanchester.

11DLACKPOOL. Situations waiting for respectable GIRLS 11 with references ; no fees until suited.—Mrs. WARD, 66, Blizibeth at.

WVANTED GENERA.L or MOTHEtt.'6 HELP middle-aged not objected to; fond of lhildren : village. Mrs. RERsHAW, Wiine, Derby.

WANTED, good GBNERAL SisRVANT ;four in family; cornfort4bl6 home for suitable person.--htirs. Tuom AS, 42, Vineyard st., Garston.

WANTBD 'Good GENIMAL. good wages to suitable person.—Armly W. Ita.saLL, Mertidale Farm, Burseough, near Ormskirk.

WANTHD, 30 Cook-Generale, Housemaid-Waitresses £4O to £36; also 20 Generals 7s.—Mrs. PRESTON'S REGISTRY, Charles-street, Blackpool.

‘Asi ANTHD a YOUNG WOMAN about 20. must under- stand washing, bon enold kept, small family.—Mur, ATHERTON, Hunts Cross, Woolton, Liverpool.

CIOOK-GBNBRALS, Kitchen maids, and Generals Wanted; V good references iudispensabie. MRs. FIRNwoRTH, 60, Bark street, Bolton, Lancashire. Stamp for reply.

VENTS' AGENCY, RHYL, wants 100 servants ; male I. female; highest. wages. Fares paid. Also recom- mended Apartments, Furnished Houses &c. btamp

LL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country or .tt town.public and private.—Call or write Miss M•RiiISON'S only office). 6,oldham etreet, Manchester. Established 1862. WANTED reliable YOUNG PERbON as • Nurse and Mother's Help; one been out before, with good refer- ence.—Apply Mrs. MOoRk, 23, High-street. Wavertree,L'pool

WANTED, HOUSEMAID and Housemaid-Wftitress three servants and gardener kept ; washaw sent out —Apply PILOBURY, Ideadowslea, Hope titation. near Chester.

SELECT SERVANTS' REGISTRY; no charges to servants until suited ; stamp to Oa enclosed for reply to cor- respondence.—Miss OwErr, proprietress. I, Butterton rd., Rhyl, N. Walks.

00010 WANTIM £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitress £lB kJ to £22. Generate £lB to £/.0. Girls £l4, excellent places. No connection with any other office. —Write to HARRIIIOII.B 6, Oldham street, Manchester.

ALL CLASSIIS OF si ruaTioNs. private and public, good homes. excellent wages ; places In town,country. and seaside.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street. Manchester.

kVANTHD Respectable GIRL of good manners and appear- ance. age about 20, for Housemaid-Waitress ; must have had some experience and be well recommended.—Mrs. Gow. Hanx House, Whitefleld. Manche4er,

===== 0002601_19040514_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Mantel.

WANTED sunlight and lifebuOy wrappers, lid pet dozen- G. WeLLD, 80 Mill ro.d, Cambridge.

ItIILK.—WANTLD, Dairy of good Milk.--11. RimyAims, Oak Farm Dairy. 9. timithdown lane, Liverpool.

QUNLIGHT, LIFIIBUOY ToPs WANritu. is. per 100; Matchless whole is. 3d.—TAYLOR, 42,George et., Hull.

wANTRD, CANARIES, cheap for cash oz will exchange dogs any variety stamp.—beply HURST, Pet btores. Salford, Blackburn.

SMART, ENHEIGE 110 MEN WANTED at once; spare or whole time; liberal remuneration.—Apply AIToN, 3, Blackball rd., Exeter.

WANT; t 0 adopt a CHILD from birth or otherwise; premium required good home.—Mrs. BLRBEIit, Holm- thorpe, RedhilL burrey.

WArk TBD for South Yorkshire, good WIRB WEAVBR, accustomed to spring Seats.—Address Box G. W. •• Examiner " Office, Warrington.

AtiENTS WANTED for Widow's Pension Tea. Coffee and 0000 R, ii beret terms, either sex.—Apply THE BRITISH 34PIRE TEA COMPANY, 41 :North John at., Liverpool.

A GBFICY.—Have you any spare time ? Why.not use it .A.-1 in a catty that will,dd to your income ? For particulars address HoRNER & 50N.20, Cannon street, Manchester.

AGWINTS and 01'shops Wanted in every town to sell a Patent Household Article. Selling in thousands, good profit.—Apply P. B. F. Co., 12 Russell Grove, Brixton,

THE GAS COMMITTEE of the Warrington Corporation RIiQUIRK TIINDRRS for repairs to TAR STILL.— Arpiy for particulars not later than 21st inst. to Mr. W. S. klanDecx, Gas lingineer.

SANITARY INSPECTORS.—LADY HEALTH VISITORS; £lOO to £350 ; several hundred vacancies ; 300 successes. postal eourse commencing for Liverpool and Manchester Exams. Fee 2.54 —Mtn:MEWL Science Teacher, Sunder/and.

T ONDON Firm, with Fac'ory and Warehouse Prerni es, I_J seeks one two additional Agencies. Every facility for storing, packing, and delivering. 11..ferences exchanged. Principals only.— S. I. 0/0 Sharrow it Thatcher, 9, West it., Cambridge Circus, london. %c.c.

WANTED, Agriculturist', Domestics. General Workers in Lanada. GuArAnteed employment. High wages. Great demanci for Mechanics. ArtizLne,Building Trades 121. 201. daily Ch-apest p‘ssages. !Inclose stamp.—SAVAGE'S SHIPPING ()FirICES (N.C.) Lincoln.

LOND AND MANCHESTER INDUSTRIAL ASSUR- ANCE COMPANY.—WANTED COLLECTORS AND CANVASSERS for Warrington and surrounding districts, good terms to m n who can Introduce business.—Apply H. PENICETH. superintendent, Midland Buildings, Winwicic Street, Warrington.

FURNITURE, PIANuS. S'IOCKS, &c.. BOUGHT FuR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT. OR ADVANOiS MAUB. HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN. NO CHARG FOR INSPECTION. HARTLEY AND CO., MOSS-STRIORT. LIVRRPOOL.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
liflatbitiern, etc.

CIARDNHR GAS AND DIL BNGINSS show highest economy and give no trouble, From to 50 Horse Power; Lathes and Machine Tools of all kinds, Works fitted complete.—GAßDNEß DEPOT, Cleveland Square, Liverpool ne. with

I_,INGINB AND BUI1,10;•-8 h.p. Horizontal X) 9-inch cylinder, by Tangye ; and Cornish Boller. 121 t. y 51t by Thompions ; eqoal to new ; cqet £159 ; lowest ice to immediate ntirelaser, £s3.—knnly TEt msa SKID BE sigh Sog. itaffa-13hire Safe Wrs. Wolvernarapton

pisTisNT ol,o' I N. di AN OHESTIIR BOTABLISHILD nc 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SOB have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish. ment . and possess praetinal knowledle of the cotton,wcoller ani iron manufactures. _ _ . _ _

_ " Self-belp to the New Patent Law," price Eiri. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. 98011GEI DAVIN'S% C. 11., t SON, P.1.P.A.., *.ST. 4N1V13 SQUARB. VANCHBEITAR.

T. GROW; TS IRON WORKS, LI HIVID (late Orrnerod, Grierson.rid Co.), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment ot SHEOL and PULLBY PATTBRNS in the trade. In addition have purcbase4 all Wheel, Pr,!ey and Tooth Block Patterns lc., Lelouglng to the late Henry Wren and Co., London-road Iron Works, Mancheater, are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and I ral klrds of Bngineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and rulley Patterns on application. X.T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address: " Ormerod GrlArsan.; Manchester."

CIRCULARS 1.1 the neatest style, from moder type, and of the best workmanship. JOHN WALKER & Co., EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY, STREET, PLACARDS. EXTRA LARGE SIZ OUR apecia,ity.

'poultry, egOt dr.

BOUDA.N EGGS, pure bred, Ss. per doz. ; untertile re- pbboed.—A. WoRTHINGTny Thornley Longridge.

TNDIAN MINNICK DUCK GGS, Bennett's 280 egg I strain ; 2s. do.—R. Heuctrzsorr, Goosnargh. Preston.

NAT ILD DUCK BGGS for sitting, 2s. per doz.; guaranteed fertiIe.—SINGLP:TON. Horns-lane. Goose argh,Preston.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
En be ket,

rro LBT. Good i Dwelling-house. 48, Parker street. —Apply 1 woone I Sox, Solicitors. Warrington,

rro BE LET, for valnation, Grocery and Provision BUSI 1 NESS ; good cause for leaving.-234, CHAPEL EiT, Leigh

===== 0002601_19040514_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
VITA-LEO

CONQUERS Pain, Sickness, and Suffering. Restores end Preserves Health. Prolongs Life. AN IDEAL EMBROCATION FOR :ATHLETES. VITA-LEO OINTMENT CURES Bad Legs, Ulcers, Sores, Wounds, Eczema, and other Skin Diseases. Blood Poison. Piles. Fistula, /to. POST FRER • VITA-LEO Is. 3d. Is. 9d., and 2s. 9d; OINTMENT, Td.. and is. Id. Direct irom Manufacturers, HASSARD AND CO., 180 GREAT BRITAIN STREET, DUBLIN. Pamphlet on" Disease, Cause, Prevention and Cure" free. I PLEASE =Molt TIIIB PAPER.

Otiatlianous, on eales, err.

AT.—ALDERSON BROTHERS, Direct Importers. 25. Brasenote roed, Liverpoot

THE'S 'twelve Best Singing Lessons for 2s. 6d. post paid. —LEE, Melton St. Marks, Lincoln.

VIADISTIAN e‘rriage paid, 4f,, per foot ; list free. V —THOMAS. Blind Works, Tudor ttd.. Cardiff.

A RT NISNDLEWORK hy subscription. Particulars free £l. (Specimen 7d).—TEnEsco. Trafalgar Buildings London. VSPBRANTO, the International Langua‘e.—Send 2d. for 14 Pamphlet to G M. HoLLlB,47,Dartmosth Parke Hill.N.W.

661%/11-, ATKIMONIAL,POST." seated 5d., with circular 9d. ; .131 distance immaterial.--•hDITOR, 10, Trafalgar Build- ings, London, W.C.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Ifttbrral.

EXTERNAL TREATMENT.—SIMPLE, SAFE CERTAIN. NO HUMBUG, NO BUNKUM. GUARANTEED THE MOST womaeitruE, SPECI FOR HUMAN SUFFERING EVER PLACED BEFORE TH. PUBLIC.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

QANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers well. 'After one dressini [found 133 dead next morn- ing.”—J. Brass, Heistborpe, Leighton. " I killed ZOO rats with Sanford's Polson."—O. Coog, Farmer. Ellesmere. " I destroyed 145 rats with it."—O. WlLsos, Offorl.—Send Is 2d to ELINFORDA SONS, Sandy St. Bed.. old by Chemists.

Aliatlianous, iilbalts,

11011RINTING. Fifty bills. 250 concert tickets 7s 6d. PERCY PHILLIPS, Pontypridd.

NSURALGIA CLJRIcU In one day; Is. 6d. bottte.—l3RErrl Blaokborougb, Reigate.

pIIINTING.-250 Memos, Bail:leads, or Cards. as. 3d. samples free —RYLEY, Printer. Wimbourne.

( 'UST-OFF-CLOTHING. Beginners supplied. itiplendici £3 V bales,large profits.-BAINE's Wardrobe Storea,Scarborough.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
i/ottses anb Eanti nu 'ate.

eILAPHAM PARK, London.--Modern convenient Ifouae, kJ rent. P.,36.—OWNER, 78 /iamb%lt rd.. Clapham.

r IWO Speed gear Cyales,at £8 88. Bd.Cheapeat Cycle in the 1 World. Lists Free. Pinchbeck, Spalding.

G"T'S TRIOYULE for sale,good condition.Brook'somldle, Dunlop tyres —Apply lv HOLME. Island rd ,Garaton.

I (*ZIG HARNIISS. Full size £4 2s 6d. Cob SiZIS £3 153. I \--A Pony size £3 6s. Cab or business cart harness £4 10s. Strong van harness £4. rarrPers strong cart harness £3los. All the above are liffnd made in nur nwn factories. Heavy cart saddles and breeching. £l, Cart bellybands 3s 63. Plough pads 25., 2- inches British Government isackhomis and tugs 10s 6d. Cart collars 5s steel !names with honks Is 63 per pair. Black waterproof cart cover 61t 6in. by 61t 6in. 4. 6d. Len's brown leather British Government navy belts 6d. All goods sent on approval. Illustrated catalogue post free on application to JARDINE, contractor to a. M. Government, NottinghaM.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEE.

MAY 14, 1904.

THE large majority THE LICENSING BILL. for the second read-

ing of the Licensing Bill may be taken to settle the question of corn- pnsation in its broadest aspect. The principle of compensating dispossessed licence-holders out of funds provided by "the trade •' ha q won general approval. Mr. ASQUITH gave it a guarded adhesion on Wednesday evening, but insisted very properly on the need for a time limit. It is not too much to say that the Government got their majority of 157 for the second reading by post- poning this crucial issue of the time limit to the Committee stage. They treated it in the de- date with characteristic vacillation. First the Colonial Secretary pooh-poohed it. Then the Solicitor-General suggested that it should be considered in committee. Poen the Home Seer e- tary declared that it was wholly incompatible with the principle of the Bill. Then on Tuesday the Prime Minister, in answer to a question, denied that the Solicitor-General had expressed any sympathy with the demand for a time limit. And finally, Mr. BALFOUR. on Wednesday, near the close said that he failed to see how the of his speech, advance the cause they all had at heart "—meanink.,,,we presume,the cause of temper- ance, not the cause of the brewers—but that the question was one for Committee, not for the second reading. It would seem from this that Ministers aro not unprepared to yield to pressure, and it remains to be ,seen whether the unionist t3mperance reformers who voted with thorn on Wednesday or the licensed victuallers will press the hardest. This contention that a time limit of compensation would be fatal to Cze principle of the Bill need not be taken seriously. Certainly it carries no weight with some of Mr. BALFOUR'S staunchest supporters, who point out to him that his express desire not to make the license a free- hold can be accomplished only by limiting the period of compensation. This is put very well by the " Pall Mall Gazette," with which journal we do not often find ourselves in agreement.

"It surely amounts to this," says our contem- porary, "that the publican, being compelled by the nature of his business to equip himself and his premises and to employ capital on a scale incom- patible with the terms of a yearly holding, should be given the opportunity of exhausting the value of his outlay before his license is withdrawn. A time limit should be framed necessarily so as to facilitate liquidation of this investment upon which circumstances have compelled him to embark. But, if the law is to recognise his right to a perpetual tenure (with the alternative of compensation), then we are hound to say it seems to confer upon him a right which he has not hitherto in any sensq possessed, and one which is almost indistinguish- able from the 'freehold' which Mr. Balfour repudiates." Our contemporary thus oirpresses the objectiem of Unionist temperance reformers to "conferring on every owner of a licensed house a perpetual vested interest." It is upon this ground that the great battle in Committee will be fought, and if Mr. BALFOUR will not modify his present views, the imposing majority of Wednesday may disappear. The "Pall Mall says that "it rests upon the ques- tion of the time limit whether the Government is to effect a lasting settlement or merely a tempo- rary disposal of the most vexatious of all our social and political problems." We have not much faith in "lasting settlements." The best of them endure brit a little while when they concern some problem that touches the vital interests of the community. It is most unlikely that the machinery devised in this Bill for the administration of the new system will last very long. As Mr. IsQuITH said, the country needs a licensing authority of a much more popular chara3tel than that commending itself to the Government,

IProvided a time limit is introduced, we have little objection to the compensation proposals in the Bill. Without a time limit, however, this measure will set back the clock of temperance pro- gress by a generation. Mr. BALFOUR, who has a perfect genius for getting out of tight corners, announced shortly before the division was taken that:the question of time limit would be postponed for consideration to the committee stage. Only by this means was he able to preserve his majority intact. On this subject we have not the smallest confidence in the Prime Minister and we fully expect when the time comes that he will out- manceuvre the Unionist temperance reformers and manage to drive the Bill through the Houso of Commons minus the time-limit, without which its effect will be disastrous.

It is a pity that Mr. A. H. Crosfield had not a larger audient:e than when he addressed a meeting of the joint committees of the Bewsey and Orford Wards on Saturday evening, for his speech was worthy of a great occasion. With the assistance of our columns Mr. Crosfield will, however, get the wider hearing he deserved. Generally speaking he reviewed the present political situation, and in a manner which must have been both instructive and helpful to his audience. Free Trade, Educa- tion, Trade Union rights, and Chinese Labour, were successively reviewed in such expressive and convincing language than the ward workers must have felt that if ever they were fighting for the right it was now. Liberalism never had so many strong planks in its electioneering platform, and we believe we may say with equal propriety and truth that it never had a more earnest exponent than Mr. Arthur Crosfield. He may not have his respected father's dialectic vigour, and if his blood boils he does not say so, but for all that he is a persuasive speaker. The one word perhaps expresses adequately the difference, as platform men, between father and son. Mr. John Crosfield was forcible—as aggres- sive even as Henry Broadhurst—and the audience loved his straight-hitting and plain speaking. Mr. Arthur Ctosfield employs more polished diction and a quieter delivery and, may be, he errs in the direction both of polish and quietness, but for all that his speeches are full of sound and effective argument. Liberals would have -a difficulty in finding any fault with his treatment of the great issues now before the Party, and if be ultimately "enters the ring" again we hope he may emerge triumphant at the close of what will doubtless be another severe struggle.

More light was thrown on the Chinese Labour question—so far as it is a question with people in this country—during the course of Mr. Crosfield's remarks. He read some most important extracts from the Government Blue Book dealing with the treatment of Kaflirs in the Rand mines,and quoted Mr. Winston Churchill's recent remarks on the same subject. Tne crux of the mine-labour pro- blem appears to be here. There are enough natives in South Afric4 to-day to work double the number of mines, but they have naturally rebelled against the "stimulus of cowhide " and other indignities and brutalities attendant upon work in the com- pounds. Fair treatment of the Kaffirs, instead of adding bullying to starvation wages, would, we believe obviate the need for either white or yellow men in the deoths of the mines. LA our readers only peruse the italicised extracts quoted by Mr. Crosfield, and we are sure they will agree with Mr. Churchill that the Government "might have found in the redress of grievances some solution of the question of the labour supply without going all the way to China."

Warrington has been honoured this week by the presence of numerous Wesleyan ministers and laymen from all parts of the Liverpool district —a district extending from Morecambe on the north- west coast to Aberystwith in beautiful Wales. The occasion has been the Annual Synod, a gathering at which important business is transacted affecting the inner working of Methodism. Steady progress was reported in all branches of work, an increase of membership of over 600 being but one gratifying symptom. This may not seem a very large increase of membership shen it is considered that 150 ministers are at work in the district, but in the present age of religious indiffer- ence in many quarters it is an achievement to make progress of any substantial kind. It is certainly not from any lack of perseverance and enterprise that the advance has rot been greater. A deep spiritual tone pervaded the Synod meetings and there was a quiet determina- tion amongst the delegates to press forward the work, encouraged by a continuous record of pro- gress and inspired by the traditions handed down by the great founder of the denomination.

All who have the best interests of Warrington at heart will hope that the clauses to be inserted in the Manchester Ship Canal Bill for the pro- tection of the Warrington Corporation and traders on the river will bring about a settlement of the long-standing differences which have existed on the vexed question of dredging. It will be to the advantage of all parties concerned if the antagon- ism which has existed for so long gives place to a better understanding. Warrington has never taken full advantage of the excellent waterway which the Ship Canal provides. The company on the one hand has been unaccommodating to the local traders, and they on the other hand, hampered by the restrictions of the river, have not been able to develop the local carrying traffic to its fullest extent. One of the concessions made by the Ship Canal Com- pany in the new clauses to be inserted in the Bill is that of allowing vessels bound for Warrington to leave the Ship Canal at Runcorn and enter the river. The Warrington traders have asked for this concession since the opening of the waterway but it has hitherto been denied. The concession should greatly facilitate the local carrying trade on the river and canal. There has been a marked advance within recent years but with an amicable working agreement between the Canal Company and the traders there is no reason why a larger share of the enormous traffic of this busy manufacturing centre should not be developed fo r the mutual advantage of both parties.

There is a very large mountain growing out of the standard wage molehill in regard to Corpori- tion contracts. The Town Council finished with the question last week by deciding tiat they had no cause to interfere with the letting of the con- tract for pails to Messrs. Rhode.; and Soo of Stourbridge. Now, we see that the Trades Council has been having a lengthy pow-wow on the subject assisted by the Secretary of the Amalgamated Union of Iron Plate Workers. Both he and Councillor Stott made lengthy speeThes, but we cannot obtain from their remarks any informa- tion which proves that Messrs. Rhodes do not pay their workmen a fair day's wage. It is not clear, moreover that there is such a thin.- as a standard wage in the Stourbridge district. 'At anv rate, if there is, we ought to have been informed how far it was recognised by other manufacturers in the same trade and locality. Nothing has beeo said with any semblance of pro if in reference to this important point. We should imagine, if Messrs. Rhodes were not paying a recognised standard wage that their competitors would be the first to com- plain about it. The Chairman of the Council "as la ratepayer, objected to be a participant in any sweating." May we remind him that he has not the monopoly of righteousness and love of fair dealing between master and men. There has not been one jot or tittle of evidence which justifies the use of the word" sweating," and it should never have been introduced even casually. We have every confidence in the honesty of Councillor Stott's motives, but we are convinced that in regard to the complaint so loudly voiced, neither he nor the Trades Council have any case.

Warrington can take credit to itself fnr setting a good exampl. ir N.S.P.C.C. work. Not only is the local branch of this splendid .institutiou self supporting, but this year a contribution of VS

has been made to the national fund. The societY needs all the help that an appreciative commual can give, and a great enrt is shortly to be reen9 to obtain the wherewithal to open up fresh fielde of work. There are still many places to which the society has not penetrated, and where, no doubt, to use the words of Miss England at the annual meeting of the Warrington branch," the sufferieK of children goes on unheeded." In Warringte. ° the N.S.P.C.C. has doce much to justify its exist': ence, and we hope the success already achievea will be a stimulus to increased zeal on the children's behalf.

The stars in their courses are fighting agaie,et the Protectionists. Last year they confidentile predicted that our foreign trade was on the eve 01 a period of rapid decline. As a fact, despite the disturbing influences at work in the cotton trade, and the events in the Far East, our exports are increasing in a very satisfactory manner. Thus the Board of Trade returns for April show 11T improvement of no less than £3.50,000 on Aptlif 1903, and this notwithstanding the fact that in the corresponding month of last year the returns were swollen by the delivery of a telegraph cable to the value of £900,000. The increased exporu of woollens;forms an especially:encouraging feature of the returns. There can be no question that although our home trade is dull our foreign' customers are increasing their orders from British manufacturers.

This must be very trying to our " Fisca! reformers," who have persuaded themselves that our foreign markets are slipping away from 1r and that our real condition of commercial decse- once is only “masked by a growth in the exports to the Colonial markets. But the figures sheW that our Colonial trade is falling off at present under the influence of the depression in South Africi, and that the expansion of our export trade in the aggregate is due to the larger orders from the much abused foreigners. These are the facts for the past three months:

-EXPORT OF BRITISH Goons. To foreign To British countrie.. poseessione. £. Mill. £. Jan. to Mar., 1902 41.5 26.3

It ~ 1903 44.0 28.8 91 „ 1904 44.9 27.3 Whatever else our Protectionist friends may make of these figures, they' cannot pretend that theY support their contention that our Colonial cos- torners are coming to the rescue of British ma°°. f acturers.

Index to Inside Pages. PAG E. 2. Trades and Labour Council: Another Grievance Women's Chat and Fashions. Mr. T. Birchall, J.P., and Intemperance. "The Two Marriages": By J. Marshall Mather' 3. Events of the Week. (Illustrated). Local Cricket. The Standard Wage Question: Trades Council Dissatisfied. Exciting Burglary. Earlestown and Newton.

New Band of Hope Buildings. 6. Mr. A. H. Crosfield Addresses Liberal Workero again. Our Local Churches. Eduoation Committee Business. Police News. Runcorn and Widnes. 7. Bowling. N.S.P.C.C. Meeting. Re-opening of Croft Church. Free Trade and Free Labour.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
ebutatton.

LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events. The annual choir sermons will be preached 11 Latchford Baptist Church to-morrow (Sunday), by the Rev. J. F. Matthews. Golborne-street Sunday School anniversary will be' celebrated on Whit Sunday, and there will be services in the Parr Hall in the afternoon and evening. Regimental horse races in connection with al. local Volunteer Corps will take place on Will" Monday near Wilderspool Causeway. The Wirral and Birkenhead Agricultural Society show will be held on June 14th, 15th and 16th. Bir tries close on May 23rd for stock and &c., and oil May 30th for dogs, poultry and pigeons. M. ASHTON'S LIFE Tcthc is the KING OF TONICS.-63, SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. Half-Penny Fares for Children. The Electricity and Tramways Committee hal decided that children between the ages of three an fourteen years shall lbe permitted to travel by the tramcars at half-fares.

Manchester Children's Hospital. At the annual meeting of the Ladies' Auxiliary cfq Thursday, it was reported that during the year 19v: 31 patients from Warrington had received treatilen" FOR CLASS AND CHINA of every description trY; J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street. Warrington.—Advt. Personal. The Deputy Mayor (Alderman James Fairclougll) and Mrs. Fairclough left Warrington yesterday. fera Southampton to join the municipal party orgajaise. by the Lord Mayor of London to visit the St. Loio4 Exposition, U.S.A. The Mayor has ;:appointed Alder- man T. H. Sutton to act as his deputy during tile' absence of Alderman Fairclough. The Gas Profits. The balance sheet of the Gas undertaking for the year ending 31st March, 1904, was considered by tli Gas Committee yesterday. The net profit is £1.0,3.3ci 10s. 11!„-d. The Gas Committee has already pronlisef to give the Corporation .4L8,000 of the profits in relic of rates. BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS in latest art shades.—J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. P.S.A. Society. Mr. W. H. Sherburn presided at an open meeting el this society held in the Co-operative Hall, Sanker street, on Sunday. Maston Tom Barton rendered two violin solos" Romance et Bolero" and" Bercenso very creditably, being accompanied on the pianoforte by Master Tom Pearce. The Rev. J. F. Matthe'vi: was the speaker, and he referred to the attitude whiel the Bishops and Canons of Manchester and Norwiq had taken with respect to the P.S.A. movement, a fe report of which has lately appeared in the daily pre4s; Briefly summed up it was nothing but jealousy oath t part of the Church. The P.S.A. had for its object the interests of the working classes, aiming to get 3 many who ha c: previously never thought of attending a church. They did not allow class distinction tc; enter, but made Christian friends of all who enterell, under their banner. Therefore the present attaert could be nothing but bigotry and jealousy on the 11.3 of men who have doubtless never been to a meettartg to judge. The speaker also referred to the Educatioo Bill, the Licensing Bill the Importation of Chinue.4 into the Transvaal, and the Aliens Bill, which, te "1 mind, were retrograde measures.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19040514_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Music in the Park. The opening performance of the season should have !)een given in the park on Sunday by the Volunteer band, but owing to the wet weather it was postponed 7Yhe programme arranged will be Submitted to-morrow i(Sunday).

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINER WATERS.—Advt. Cheap Tours in Ireland. Those of our readers who are thinking of spending a short holiday in the North of Ireland would do well to avail themselves of the facilities offered by Mr. 'lames T. Harper, 8, Newport-street, Liverpool. The -very reasonable charge of 395. 6d. entitles the tourist 10 saloon accommodation from Liverpool to Newry, ;ird class railway journey to Warrenpoint, a fourteen les drive along the County Down coast, giving an 'elaborate view of the Mourne Mountains, and aard and lodging in a comfortable hotel. The visit extends ver a week, the steamer leaving Liverpool every Thursday and arriving back the following Thursday. PUBLIC BENEFIT. UNDER the CLOCK for BEST BOCT3 in LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church. _ _

On Thursday evening, the married ladies in con- nection with the above place of worship, gave a tea and concert in aid of funds for the furnishing of the l'estl7- Mrs. John Podmore presided at the concert and Mrs. Mather supported her on the platform. After a brief address, the following ladies contributed .solos : Mrs. Dutton, Mrs. Atkinson, and Mrs. Spruce. lir% Dutton and Mrs. Atkinson ably contributed duets. atm. Mills, Mrs. G-leave, and Mrs Mather contributed 'excellent recitations. A feature of the evening's ~9.tertainment was a dialogue "A visit to the gipsy," Mesdames Mills, Spruce, Cook, and Matthews, taking Part. Mrs. Mills mide a splendid gipsy and was in Pert. The accompanists were the Misses Bridge, -A..t.kinson, and Mr. Spruce. A most successful enter- _rsialriment was concluded by the singing of the lioxology.

_ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—Advt. 'Plucky Act by a Warrington Policeman. „On Wednesday, a detachment of men from the arrington County Borough Police Force (under -.,l,nspector Taylor) were detailed for duty at Chester Itaces, amongst them being P.C. 59 J. Hewitt. They were all stationed on the course. When the 2.30 ,!aee (the Dee Stand Selling Welter handicap plate)was 'eing run, one of the jockeys was thrown in the early part of the race, with the result that the horse named c` Winkfields Dower" and owned by Mr. J. S. Walley, 'tame at full gallop along the course. Several attempts were made by jockeys and stablemen to stop the but without success. It was turned at the end of the course and came galloping back again, Te course at this time being thronged with people, as 4e race was over. P.C.Hewitt was stationed near to trte grand-stand, and as the horse came galloping .Past, Hewitt made a grab at the reins and succeeded arlbringing it to a standstill. For this plucky act he ,?*eceived loud applause from the spectators. Hewitt le not accustomed to horses, and had the animal got a„t4ongst the crowd, serious injury must have resulted. report of the occurrence has been forwarded by the Chief Constable, Mr. Luke Talbot, to the Chief Con- table of Chester.

UNDER the CLOCK for GOOD BOOTS.—Advt. yritE GRATES of every description.—J. S. GAR-

LAIsTD, Furnishing Ironmonger-, 51, 53, and 55, 13ridge-street,Warringion.— -Advt. vrotest Against the Licensing Bill. The Order of the Sons of Temperance (Warrington I)ivision No. 1081);has passed the following resolu- li°4 :----This division protests against the Government Licensing Bill on the grounds that it proposes a 13eriou5 and unwarrantable interference with the towers and discretion of the local licensing justiCes. 41 would create a vested interest in licenses, which are licrw granted for one year only, and places new impedi- 'tneuts in the path of temperance reform. Believing to be a retrograde step, we pledge ourselves to o all in our power to prevent the Bill from passing lato law.—Signed, Harry Wardman, chairman, Joseph Wadsworth, secretary.—At a well-attended tiring of the Warrington Band of Hope Union held ring the week a resolution was adopted expressing isaPproval of the Bill. The resolution was similar terms to the one adopted by the committee the Lane,ashire and Cheshire Union with .co 1.11 the Warrington Union is affiliated and 'th Pi" will be sent to the Borough Member,' e Rome Secretary and the Prime Minister. the House of Commons on Tuesday Mr. Robert ,rterpoint presented petitions against the measure ?°lll members of Warrington Baptist Church, Latch- -Lord Baptist Church, and the Tower of Refuge Lodge 13f the Independent Order of Good Templars, Latch- ferd and Warrington. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING (IF TONICS.-63. SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. The Horse Parade. The arrangements have been practically c )moletsd or the parade of horses which takes place next Satur- (l°4'. At a committee meeting held at the Lion Hotel, .43,,n Monday afternoon, Sir Gilbert G-reenall in the chair ;lle Secretary submitted the following programtne : onlpetitors must enter the field by way of Slutcher's- lan e only, and will be arranged in their respective Classes by the marshals. Any competito not in his lace when the judging commences at 12 o'clock will "" disqualified. Non-competitors will take up their places in Slutther's-lane bevoni the entrance to the Parade ground, at 1.30, and will follow the possession Itarting off at 2. p.m., along the following route ii.rker-street, Sankey-street, Buttermarket-street, Uhurch-street, round the lamp, Church-street, Mersey- -street, Bridge-street, Horsemarket-street, Winwick, street, Tanner's-lane, Froghall-lane, Priestley-street- niwYs-st reet, Bank Quay, Sankey-street, Bold-street, Zlson-Patten-street, and all will disperse on arrival along the Police Station. Classes 1 and la will proceed Parker-street, classes 3 and 4 along Arpley-st. and Sankey-street, and classes 5 and 6 along Arpley- :';reet and Museum-street. The judges will be met at he Lion Hotel at 11.15 by Sir Gilbert Greenall and a Btnall recept'on committee, and will then make their Way to the field, where they will find the teams arranged in their various classes. The judging will at Ones commerce, after which Lady Gree,nall will esent the silver cups, medals, and R.S.P.C.A. .I;t3lplomas to the winners. The prizes, which have Oert supplied by Mr. Southerden, are nlw on view in 'us Shop window in Sankey-street. 113, BOOTS FOR ALL.—UNDER THE CLOCK.—Advt LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS and SHOES, UNDER the CLOCK, BRID GE-STREET.—Ad7t.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
'WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF

WARRINGTON.

ENDING MAY 7th, 1901. the w33': the following births and deaths i3"re registered :—Warrington Registration District NZtia, 40 • deaths, 17. The excess of births over deaths -4,`"i• The birth-rate was equal to 30.4. 1:0111„r death-rate from all causes was equal to 12.9 per ", against-20.3 the average of the previous 4 weeks IV against 17.8 the corresponding period of last year. death-rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases ~,Z,equai to 3.0 per 1,000, agdinst 5.6 the average rate 14 "le previous 4 weeks and against nil the correspond- z period of 1903. e,h - ages of mortality were : • , 1—.5 5-15 15-25 25-55 65—up. Total 1 Ilk 4 1 1 9 1 17 Co deaths deaths included 2 measles, 2 from whooping 1:1-401. 1 from phthisis, 2 from lung diseases, 1 from :itzt, diseases, 2 from accidents, 7 from all other causes -te33 following casesi of infectious disease have been Pr°r_ted during 0.6 wee:: :—scarlet fever 20 cases. Ita°l-ai number of patients in hospital, week ending 7th, Bg. AorrEortoLoGy.—The mean temperature was 47 Fah., 1,4 therefore 1 degree lower than the preceding week. iti:Jaaximum temperature 62 F., was recorded on he 7th P3st, and the minimum temperature 37 F., on tie ltst. a rainfall measured .32 inch. The general dire:3- g Was S.W.

3. GUEST GORNALL. Medical Officer of,llealth.

Nikt the Birmingham Quarter Sessions on Thursday, Nitatlson Roche Gardiner, formerly chief .constable at ad, and Elizabeth Eleanor Gardiner, his wife, were 14,7 sentenced to nine months' hard labour for obtain- inc'neY by false pretences through the medium of a -3itglius.registry office. The prisoners advertised fictitious fro_attens in Trish newspapers and obtained remittances fee,74 number of candidates, ostensibly as registration

ft; panve directors of the Scarborough Tramways Con:- from- taet on Wednesday to consider the protest received 'Snril6ne Free Churches against the running of trams on bein;"7B. It was decided to continue the service,drivers 4fistructed only to sound their bells whon neces- S' When passing,,places,of worship.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEEPENING OF THE SHIP CANAL. _ TERMS ARRANGED WITH THE CORPORATION.

Interesting Evidence.

The Private Bill Committee of the House of Lords, over which Lord Glantisk presided, resumed considera- tion on Monday of the Manchester Ship Canal Bill, the object of which is to enable the Company to raise the water level from 26ft. to 28ft. and to cArry out various improvement works. Mr. Balfour Browne, K.C., on behalf of the promoters informed the Committee that an agreement had been arrived at with the Salt Union and the Shropshire Union Canal Company. He hoped that terms would also be agreed upon with the Widnes Corporation and the War- rington Corporation. Mr. A. Beith M`Donald, who gave evidence in support lof the Bill, described the effect of the tidal weir con- trolling the upstream waters of the river Clyde, and . expressed the opinion that the raising of the level of the water in the Ship Canal would do no injury to the estuary of the Mersey. The construction of the sluices ' at Warrington should be a benefit to the estuary. Sir F. Forbes Adam afterwards supported the Bill on behalf of the Manchester Chamber of Commerce, and Mr. C. W, Macara, president of the Federation of Master Cotton Spinners' Associations, spoke for the cotton trade, which he said required that every advantage should be given to it, so as to enable the manufacturers to compete successfully with the foreigner. An increase in the depth of the canal was necessary to facilitate the passage of vessels bringing cotton to Manchester. Considerable weight was attached to the evidence of Mr. R. B. Stoker, managing director of the Manchester Liners Limited, who said that the vessels of that Com- pany often had to load light in order to get up the canal; and to that of Mr. Peter Robertson, also inter- ested in the shipping trade, who strongly supported the Company's scheme. The Lord Mayor of Manchester (Mr. T. Thornhill Shann) stated that the Manchester Corporation and the people of Manchester generally heartily approved of the Canal Company's proposal.

THE CASE FOR THE WARRINGTON TRADERS. This closed the Case for the promoters, and Mr. Hughes K.C., then addressed the Committee on behalf of the three firms of traders at Warrington who have petitioned against the Bill. He explained that his clients were not hostile to the Ship Canal, but they contended that the level of the water could be raised two feet without the construction of the proposed works at Warrington. He argued that the object of the Warrington clauses was merely to try to evade the obligations which the Company had undertaken as regarded the dredging of the river Mersey at Warring- ton. The view of the tradet s was that the quantity of silt coming into the river under the new conditions would be very little less than under the existing condi- tions. If the object of the Company was to get sluicing by holding up the tide and letting it out after high water they could get it better from the existing Walton lock than from the proposed new works. In support of his base, Nlr. Hughes called Mr. F. E. Priest, a civil engineer, of Liverpool, who said that. in his opinion, the proposed works at Warrington would have the effect of producing the silting of the river below the site of the proposed dam,and would seriously damage the estuary. In cross-examination the witness said that if the level of the water were increased two feet, the headway at Warrington bridge would be insufficient for large craft using the waterway. MR. HENRY FAIRCLOUGH GIVES EVIDENCE. THE DANGERS OF WARRINGTON BRIDGE.

Mr. Henry Fairclough, managing director of Messrs. James Fairclough and Sons,Limited, said the navigation of the river was the life and soul of their business at Howley and Bank Quay. The position of the mills as regarded the river was an advantageousone. The milling industry of Lancashire had all gone down to Liverpool and theylhad copied his firm by putting mills on the water side. With regard to the berth at the Bank Quay mill, thescour water had always kept it clear. If this reach of the river, this "dead end "as it had been called were to silt up, it would ruin their business. At the present time the firm's largest boat—the" Problem " could conveniently and safely navigate under Warring- ton bridge. The bridge was in a very awkward position and whoever designed at put it in the worst place. They had to go round the bend,anda vessel goin., through the bridge had to be pulled round quite quick get her in straight at all. If the man in charge had not been with him for thirty years he should be very uneasy at her going under the bridge at all. A very slight swerving would cause her to hit the bridge. If the water shoull be raised at all above its present level, the boat would not go under the bridge. They had been very much troubled in the past owing to dredging not being maintained. Boats had been stuck under Warrington Bridge. The clauses inserted in the Act of 1885 for their protection had not proved satisfactory. The com- pany had never carried one out. By Mr. Browne: Do you mean to say that we have never dredged anything away ? Witness: You have never dredged to 8 feet. And you have never been tO arbitration about it yet ?—Yes, I have. To arbitration?—Not to arbitration! I have been before a judge. Yes I know?—l prefer him to an arbitrator. . . _ _

But you see he has been reversed on appeal?—Oh no. Indeed he has. First of all, at your Mersey Mills, what amount of steam power have you got ?—I daresay if it was all in use, the engines would drive 500 h.p. And in recent years have you been increasing your steam-power there ?—I put a new engine down in case the Ship Canal bought this water. Idid not want to sell the horse when the stable door was shut.

So that you have got good enough steam power to go on without the water ?—Yes. Have you in recent years, since the canal was con- structed, been increasing the size of your boats ?—Yes. How much of your traffic goes by the canal, and how much by the river. You said you had a large amount before ?—I have not worked it out, but I daresay we go once down the river and twice urthe canal. You 'said that tha band of the river where the Bank Quay mills are, has always been kept clear and never, been dredged say it has only been dredged once when the wharf was built.

Supposing it was once dredged, then it did not always keep itself clear ?—Are you alluding to the lime now. ? Yes; you remember about that lime ?—Oh, yes. It was dredged on that occasion ?—The lime was dredged out at that time. You remember that it was after it had been deepened that the lime was dredged out ?—Theycould not dredge out without it had been put in. tme see if I can understand your position. At thLe lime special meeting of the Warrington Chamber of Commerce under the presidency of Mr. John Fairclough, for the purpose of considering the proposals made by the Ship Canal Company with reference to the condition of the river, the Council expressed their approval of the gen- eral principle involved in the construction of the weir and sluices. Is that true ?—I cannot say what my brother did. I was not present at the Chamber of Commerce.

You are not your brother's keeper ?—T have not the slightest doubt he voted against it. It might be carried It does not say it was not without prejudice,and it does not say it was unanimous. ,Is your brother here ?—He is not here. A meeting of the Chamber of Commerce can scarcely have been without prejudice. Mr. John Fa,irclough is not here ?—No.

And you stayed away from the meeting in order to come here ?—No, I never went to one yet. Have you been upon the Rivers Committee?—Never. At any rate the Rivers Committee and traders and everyone connected with it seem to have approved of the principle of constructing a river diversion at Lower Walton with a lock and sluices. Would you tell me? have you not yourself from the beginning approved of the principle of our making this diversion and sluices? —I have not.

Why not ?—Because I want to be settled with bafore I approve of anything. Ah, that will do; I think I know what the settlement is; you want Mr. Justice Byrne's judgment ?—I should like it.

Re-examined by Mr. Hughes: You have had to go into a good deal of litigation to get the obligations of the Canall Company performed ?—I am very nearly a lawyer I think now, after ten years of it. I suppose you go down the river whenever you can, in preference to the canal ?—We can go down the river from Warrington Bridge in 21 hours, and we cannot go down the canal in 5 hours.

And is the river much more rapid when you eau go down, and cheaper? Yes, we have no looks to go through.

MR. F. W. MONKS SPEAKS OF THE DANGERS OF THE NEW SCHEME.

Mr. F. W. Monks, managing director of Messrs. Monks Hall and Company Limited, said they had a river front- age rather more than half a mile in length. This frontage was of very great importance. It was a saving in carriage of 50 per cent as compared with sending by rail. The damming up of the river in the waysuggested would in the first place sever their river frontage into two portions. That in itself would be a distinct dis- advantage because at present they could load along any length ; commence loading die boat in one place them move her along land finish loading in another. With the dam between they could not do that,so that that would be a distinct disadvantage to. start with:Another way in which it would damage their interests was, that it would do away with the wharf that they had on the tidal water, which was really of more value to them than a wharf upon still water would Ir. With a wharf on the tidal water they had no restriction as regarded locks'or anything of that kind. The boats could get away as soon as there was water down the river. That enabled the firm to get into Liverpool in time to lock into the LiverPoel docks at the same tide. Any restrictions would mean probably the loss of a tide. By Mr. Browne : You say we have not maintained a depth of Bft.; but that is another question. If we can do it by means of these works at less expense and give you the 8 feet which you say you have not gotupto

===== 0002601_19040514_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, May 14, 1904

now, will not that be an advantage to you and to us ? Not altogether, no. Why not; you complain we have not given you Sit.? —lt is not altogether a question of the depth of water.

What is it then? I thought it was ?—We have only from one tide to another to load and discharge the steamers. If we have to come round the river this long length, round that end and pass through the locks, that will reduce our time by one or two hours. I have a letter from the Town ulerk. to Mr. Bythell, the Chairman of the Ship Canal Company, dated 15th April, 1901, which reads: "I beg to inform you that the Corporation and traders are unanimously of opinion that the only basis of settlement must be upon the con- dition that the judgment of Mr. Justice Byrne should be restored. If this preliminary point be agreed they would consider with much favour any proposal which, while safeguarding the interests of the Corporation and traders, may enable the Canal Company to comply with their obligations in a manner most economical and satisfactory to themselves." Does that fairly represent your attitude?—l have all along objected to these pro- posals. You were coupled with the C3rporation and traders there?—l am not responsible for what the town clerk may have written. _ . _ _ •

_ Have you ever communicated your objeAions in a separate form to the Ship Canal Company?—Yes.

DR. MARKEL'S EVIDENCE.

A CASE OF "LIFE AND DEATH."

When the Select Committee of the House of Lords reassembled on Tuesday, further evidence was called on behalf of the three Warrington trading firms who have petitioned against the Canal Company's proposals. Dr. Markel, of Nlessrs. Joseph Crosffeld and Sons,Ltd., works, examined by Mr. Hughes, K.C., said that at present the wharf at his works was kept entirely clear from silt,'and if it silt-3d up it would be a serious thing for the business. Large quantities of cold water were required for the works for the purposes of condensing steam at low temperature, and, therefore, the tempera- ture of the water was an important element in the business. The company took from the river for this purpose ten tons a minute day and night all the year round, except at holiday times. That water was returned to the river at a lower point, the temperature being raised about 40 degrees. If this dam was constructed and a dead end formed the effect on the works might be disastrous. They might have to apply other means at great expense, or remove the works to another place. 'Other manufacturers were also taking water from this part of the river for cooling purposes. The total amount of water so taken was, he calculated, 30 tons a minute. It was calculated that the total amount of water that would be contained in this dead end would be 80,000 tons. The temperature of the water in the dead end would be raised. Of course that effect would be cumulative, and he was told that there would be seven or eight days without any tidal influence if the new sluices were constructed. His firm had regenera- tors below the ground, and if the water level in the eon were raised this plant might be seriously affected. Messrs. Crosfleld had for years been proposing to extend their works, and a year ago succeeded in acquiring the land in the bend of the river. This land would be cut off by the river diversion, and he did not understand that his firm would be entitled to a right of way over the dam through Messrs. Monks, Hall and Co.'s land. Cross-examined by Mr. Balfour Browne : You take the chemical part of the work of manufacture—l have the control of the entire manufacture, not only the chemical.

And not the-business aspect of the case ?—No, not the selling nor the buying. Who does that, Who is the real business manager ? The buying is done mainly by Mr. J. J. Crosfield, Mr. Roberts acting as consultant in that case; and the selling is done by another director, Mr. Huffam. Because of all theseproceedings that have taken place hitherto Mr. Roberts has been the person who has been in the forefront of the matter ?—Yes, Mr. Roberts has been in the forefront. Ido not know why you come in now ?—Because think this is to prove how our manufacture will be seri- ously damaged if we have this back water, Do you mean to say that before Mr. Roberts spoke and said it would be a great improvement to everybody, he never consulted you or the other directors ?—Cer- tainly. I think you refer probably to the meeting that we had at the Town Hall with the Ship Canal Company Probably ?--.-When this scheme was first put before us. At that time we were all anxious—

To have the scheme ?—No. Allow me to speak. We were all anxious that the Ship Canal should carry out those obligations of always giving us enough water which we had been trying for, for so many years, and if we could failitat3 their doing so—their being able to do so if we could facilitate in any way to bring about this, we naturally would do our best to meet them. Very well then, then we had this put before us; it was quite new to us; we understood that if we agreed to this pro- posal we would not have only the same water, but more water than ever—we would have lift. Gin. I think it is. That seemed advantageous and to be taken as advised was practically in favour of the Ship Canal Company. We said: That is the thing; we will consider the matter then, and if we find no disadvantage we will see whether we can accept, it. You knew of the proposal to mike the dam and river deversion, and you approved them ?—No, we did not apnroveof them. We said if we could we would favour- ably consider them.

Mr. Roberts said at that meeting: "By the present scheme the Ship C mai Company are seeking to carry ou their obligation with regard to the depth and width o the channel by another method"?—Yes. That is whar we understood at the time.

Do you understand it now ?—Yo. S) ma 2,11 better that we see all these disadvantages. Mr. Roberts added that it looked to him not only a feasible project, but one that ought to be supported.— Mr. Roberts is notan engineer nor is he a che nist. The main point which struck him was that he would have more water.

--And Mr. Roberts also said: "If the Corporation are advised by Sir John Wolfe Barry that the scheme is advisable, there can be no question of detriment to Warrington in having what could be practically a dock a mile and a half in length with a minimum depth of water of at least ten feet ?"—Yes, Mr. Roberts under- stood that we were to have ten feet of water, but when we asked Mr. Hunter to agree to ten feet he said " Certainly not. We can gutranteo no such thing. " Mr. Roberts naturally thought that ten feet would be an advantage.

Supposing it had been 10ft. • how would that hay got over the difficulty of you'll drain?—lt would no have got over the difficulty of our drain. How would it have got over the difficulty of your getting access to the land you purchased ?—ire then did not know that we could not get access by the proposed dam, because Mr. Hunter told us we could. How would it have got over the difficulty of the hot water ?--We had not gone intof the matter then of the hot water. When you get a thing like that throun at your head you cannot see all the disadvantages that such a scheme involves.

Mr. Roberts ;I.:;"ss:arci :• "The proposal is, .on the whole, fraught with immense favourable possibilities for the future of Warrington ?"—That is true. But Mr. Roberts certainly does not think that now. Mr. Roberts was "strongly of opinion that the Ship Canal Company's proposals were good. The Canal Com- pany would not be relieved of their obligations by this scheme. They were simply proposing the present scheme to Warrington as a batter way, and to the corn-. pany a cheaper way of dealing with their present obligations, and if Warrington could se 3no objection they certainly ought not to put any difficulties .in the company's way, and they ought to give it their un- qualified support"?—l cannot see what I have to do with this.

Mr. Balfour Browne: Mr. Roberts was speaking for your !Inn?

The witness: He was speaking for our firm ; but cannot Mr. Roberts speak for himself? Call on him. Mr. Balfour Browne: I though he was not to be called.

Mr. Hughes: I said I did not know whether I should call him or not.

Re-examined by Mr. Hughes, the witness said these proposals were brought forward for the first time at the conference in October. The traders were friendly dis- posed to the Canal Company. and at that time Mr. Justice Byrne's judgment in favon.r of the traders was standing. The question was discussed without pre- judice, and what transpired ought not to have been used before the committee in this way. He did not know how it was that they were speaking about the confer- ence now.

Were you prepared to agree to the company's pro- posals on certain conditions ?—We discussed them gen- erally. We wanted to find out the advantages and dis- advantages. _ _

One of the terms you insisted upon was that the judgment of Mr. Justice Byrne should stand ?—Yes. The Ship Canal Company would not agree, and the negotiations came to an end ?—Yes.

When you-haiiiiti-opportunity of considering this matter, and taking skilled advice upon itiyou were of opinion that there were provisions in this Bill that would be very detrimental to the traders ?—Very detri- mental. in fact unless something is done of course it is almost a question of life and death to us. And you are anxious to be left alone with the present obligation upon the Canal Company ?—Yes. The Chairman: The parties seemed at one time to have got very close together with regard to this matter. Of course we should be glad to relieve the Canal Com- pany of this expense, but these people are damnified to a certain extent. It should be possible to come to terms between yourselves. I only throw it out as a sugges- tion. _ _

Mr. Hughes: Endeavours have been made. Ido not know whether it is possible to come to an agreement. Mr.H. Lloyd (for the pronfoters) : We have always been under the impression that it was more than pos- sible. We should be glad to meet the traders and dis- cuss it again. The Chairman: It seems to me to be a case in which you ought to come together. Mr. Hughes: If we can get reasonable terms we will meet the Canal Company. Warrington hasalways been friendly to the Canal Company, and is anxious to do anything reasonable to help them. The Chairman: I only throw it ow as a suggestion Mr. 11. Lloyd: We should be only too delighted to act upon it.

Mr. Hughes: We will make every effort in the course of the day. MESSRS. CROSFIELD'S TRAFFIC MANAGERS

EVIDE ,CE.

Mr. Moss, traffic manager to Messrs. Crosfleld, was then examined. He said he was in charge of the navigation, and the river traffic was under his control They had nine boats of their ovvn,and did a large carry ing trade. Cross-examined by Mr. Honomtus Lloyd: Before the Ship Canal was made your only means of access of course was by the river ?—Yes. _ _ .

Am I right'in thinking that since the Ship Canal was made you have employed much larger boats ?—Yes. km I right in thinking that since the canal was con- structed you have embarked upon a general carrying business ?—Yes, we have. I do not know if they carried before, I am not quite sure, I was not with Crosfield's then.

So that under the conditions which have been brought about by the Canal Company you are now using larger boats carrying greater tonnage, and you have embarked upon a new form of business—the general carrying busi- ness ?—Yes, but then the whole of our business has gone forward, gone up, we have not stood still, every branch of it has gone forward. The Chairman: If you wanted to use the river now, assuming the future state of things had come about as the Canal Company wish, what is to prevent you going through the proposed diversion and the lock and sluice that I see marked, and so into the river ?—ln that case we could only load up to 81t. Why ?—Because we would only get Bft. of water past the'dam there.

On the shallows you told us ?—On the shallow part there we would get Bft. at a 16ft. tide ; with an 18 or 23ft. tide we get plenty of water there. But I under- stand from the Manchester Ship Canal they will only give us 8 feet inside and the dead water. Mr. Lloyd: That is Bft. atlow water of spring tides. Mr. Hughes: There is no low water of spring tides. Mr. Lloyd: Yes, that is the present obligation. Mr. Hughes: May I just saya word to your lordship with regard to that in explanation? The point my lord was this, that you weie asking. At present they have to give Bfeet of water below the present level of low water spring tides, which happens to be, or was 10 feet. I will take it at 9 feet perhaps. The result is they have to dredge down one foot above ordnance datum, there- fore the bottom is oae foot above ordnance datum. and they now propose to put the surface level 11-6 above ordnance datum and still only gave us 8 feet. With the result that the bottom of the river would be 3 ft. 6in. above ordnance datum thereby reducing our available depth when there is a tide in the river by thatamount by about 2 feet. Mr. Lloyd : Your lordship will not take it that I occept the explanation that. lily learned friend has given Our view is that whatever the obligation is now will exist in the future. '

Mr.llughes : I am afraid that it is impossible,because low water spring tides will have no sense in it at all—no possible sense. 111 r. Lloyd: We shall see. This concluded the case for tho Warrington traders.

taming walls, is a prudent and proper way of executing the work; they believe that this is not likely to result in injury to others—but this must at present be a matter :of opinion. They propose therefore to pass the preq.mble so far as this matter is con- cerned, subject to a clause, to be shortly now considered giving large powers of control to the Mersey Conservator. Then with respect to the works at War- ington, they will of course be subject to the clauses as to which I understand an agre3ment has been come to with regard to the traders and with regard to the Cor- poration of Warrington. These works at Warrington are rot of the same importance as what I may call the main work of the Bill—the deepening of the channels of the river from Warrington upwards to a certain depth. Allegations, however, have been made on the part of those specially interested in the estuary that these works may have a prejudicial effect on the tidal estuary, and the Committee intend to include them within the powers to be conferred upon the Conservator. What those powers are we retain in our own control until we have heard what the Conservator of the river has to say in the matter, but you must understand that we consider the preamble is only passed subject to your accepting whatever clause we are pleased to put upon you with reference to the powers of the Mersey Conservancy.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNESDIY'S PROCEEDINGS.

Terms Agrea[l Upon by tha Tralars an:l Corporation.

At Wala33rlav's sitting of the S3le3t Comlitte3 of the House of Lords

Mr. Joseph Slaw said: Will your Lordship allow me to intervene for a moment? I hold in my hand certain heads of agreement which have been come to between the traders of Warrington and the Canal Com- pany. After a great deal of trouble and a great deal of negotiation lam glad to say that this is the result of la.st night's work and this morning's. Your Lordship will see what our position is about this. Theseare only heads, and it will require clauses to be drawn up to carry out and embody these heads, so that I should ask your Lordship to say—and my learned friend I think will agree with me—that it is the best if not the only possible way to do it, that if your Lordship sees well to pass the . preamble of this Bill, you Will not take the clauses on this Bill until after you have finished with the next Bill, so that we may have time to arrange the necessary clauses to carry out these heads. You see it is impos- sible to prepare the clauses in a few minutes. It took the parties up to 12 o'clock last night, and some hours this morning. After that all oppositionto the Bill is at an end on behalf of the Warrington traders—l am not speaking for the Corporation,because my learned friend Mr. Hutchinson appears for them—but on behalf of the traders, they say, that having been satisfied with the terms which have been agreed between the parties, they think this will be a very good scheme for Warrington. Mr. Hutchinson: One may reasonably suppose that those clauses will cover the interest of the Corpor- tion and of the traders, it may be that the traders have agreed to points which may be not common to the Cor- poration. The Corporation have not seen them yet, therefore before they are put upon the notes, I must request my friend to let me see them. _ _

Mr. Sha-w: I understood the Corporation htd seen these heads of agreetnent.—Mr. Hutchinson: Not yet. The Chairman: Very well. Then we understand that the Corporation is doubtful about the agreement at present, but your interests are, I suppose,practically the same—

Ur. Shaw: The traders' interests, for instance, such things as the rising main you have heard about. The Chairman: The interests of the traders are personal, the interests of the Corporation are the interests of the Borough of Warrington. Mr. Hutchinson: If I may put it this way the matter is this my Lord. The Corporation of Warrington have regard to the general interests of the whole community of Warrington. In addition to what my friend may have secured, I have to see that what the Canal Com- pany may have specificially agreed to satisfies the general conditions for the protez.tion of the whole trading com- munity of Warrington. Mr. Shaw: I quite agree with that. I would not for a moment do anything to hurt my learned friend as re- gards that. All I said was that these were the heads of agreement made with traders. One of the points here which I think it right to point out at once is that the low waterleyel is to be rais ed to 10ft, in the Mersey, of course not in the canal. The Chairman: I should like to 533 those clauses in the course of the afternoon. I think it would be ex- tremely advisable that Mr. Hutchinson and you (Mr. Browne) should come together upon this matter in the interest of everybody. Mr. Balfour Browne : I believe so far as the Cor- poration are concerned we have been together, and though there may be some question still outstanding think it is merely a question of clause. Mr. Hutchinson: De not misapprehend ,Mr. Browne. The Chairman: We have a third thing to consider beyond considering Warrington and any particular traders, that is the welfare of the estuary. Mr. Balfour Browne : Quite.

The Chairman: And our decision might possibly alter any agreement you come to ; and that is the reason why I want to see those heads o f agreement. The nearer you can get together in agreement the better it will be before you hand them in.

At a later stage of the proceedings. Mr. Fitzgerald (on behalf of the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board), said: I have had handed to me those heads of agreement between the Warrington Traders and the Ship Canal Company. Of course, the traders in dealing with this matter are naturally only bent upon protecting themselves ; that naturally follows from their position, and it is quite right, as far as their case is concerned, if they can get terms that are satisfactory to them, to withdraw their opposition. But I observe that these terms include compensation to various trade interests. and they also include arrangements with regard to the working of .the sluices and the level of the water which as far as I can judge will have the effect of dinainis!‘ing almost entirely the benefits which, accord- ing to Mr. Hunter. he expected from carrying out these works; still that is a matter which your lordships will have to consider afterwards if you should consider that these works on the Warrington part ought to be passed; but let me point this out—these works are going to cost the company £109,000. That they will do any good to the Company is very doubtful indeed. These questions of compensation, which are included in the clauses they have agreed, will mean some considerable payments of money by the Company I do not doubt; and would it not be very much better if that .2'03,000, plus the sum, whatever it will be, that they will have to give as com- pensation to the traders, should be spent in deepening by dredging the lower portion of the canal, thus accom- plishing the object which they have in view without injury to anyone. _ _

.• Air. Hutcliinson, speaking on behalf of the Warrington Corporation, said : On behalf of the general trading community of Warrington and the inhabitants of War- rington, we had to carefully examine what those risks were likely to be; we saw that although the intended works might be, and no doubt will be, accompanied with very considerable benefit to the whole trading com- munity of Warrington and this part of Lancashire, yet the risks, if they were not properly guarded against, might be more than commensurate with the advantage to us to be secured. We have now met together; heads of agreement have been arrived at and signed—not only between the traders—but also by the Corporation of Warrington. We now feel, my iLord, that those risks which were to be apprehended from the construction of those works, have been met and satisfied by that which the company intend to do; and I shall appear before you at tbe proper time, in suppdrt of clauses that will carry out the agreement that is arrived at. The Corpora- tion of Warrington think that the passing of this Bill in the long run would be accompanied as far as they are concerned by great benefit to the dist, ict : and for that season, Tam no longer in this house an opponent to this Bill, but relinquish my opposition. THE DECISION.

The Chairman in giving the decision of the committee said: it seems to be admitted, even by the opponents to the bill, that the Canal Company are entitled to deepen the canal to enable larger vessels to enter the Port of Manchester—if the work can be constructed without peril to the well-being of the estuary. The committee consider that the method proposed in ,the bill, namely by dredgmg a fresh water channel and pre- serving the headway of the bridges on the upper sec- tion and deepening the tidal portion by raising the re-

===== 0002601_19040514_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MERSEY CONSERVATOR'S POWERS.

Sir George Nares, the acting conservator of the Mersey, was then called. He suggested various powers that should be conferred in connection with the War- rington works, particularly as to the scouring of the silt which might collect below the dam. The Chairman: Do you regard our decision as to the rising of the water with any apprehension? Sir George Nares replied that any reduction of the discharge from the canal into the estuary would to a certain extent lessen the frettage that there was on the sandbanks, but he thought the committee were right to allow the raising of the level of the water. His juris- diction extended from the entrance to the Mersey to a point above Warrington Bridge. The Chairman said the Committee would impose on. the Company, as a condition of the passing of the pre- amble, that they should assent to a clause including all that Sir John Nares had indicated.

Mr. Balfour Browne asked that the proceedings might be adjourned for a couple of days in order to see if the Canal Company and Sir George Nares could agree on a clause which would be satisfactory. The Committee assented to this.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
YESTERDAY'S PROCEEDINGS.

The consideration of the Manchester Ship Canal Bill which was to have been resumed yesterday has been further postponed to Tuesday next. Mr. Lloyd, on behalf of the promoters, applied for a further adjourn- ment on the ground that the promoters had not received from the Mersey Conservancy the clauses which the committee had decided they should propose for their protection.

What the Corporation has Obtained. We have not yet had an opportunity'. of seeing the clauses to be inserted in the Bill for the protection of the Corporation but we understand that the arrange- ments entered into include the following important matters :

(1) For a depth of water in that portion of the rive affected by the proposed works of 8 feet at all times from a fixed bottom datum line with dredging obligations. - (2) Construction of two 3 feet culverts in the Dam for scouring out impounded water.

(3) The coll3truction by the Comp‘ny of the rising main or sewer and the maintenance thereof until such time as the Corporation are required to take the sewage out of the river.

(4) Vessels may leave Canal at Runcorn. (5) The Borough Surveyor to be sole and absolute arbitrator with respect to all future obstructions in the river.

(6) Independent right.of action given to the traders.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW NORTH WALES STEAMER.

Trial Run of La Marguerite.

The fine paddle steamer La Marguerite, which the Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Co. Ltd. have just added to their fleet, created quite a small sensation at the Liverpool landing-stage on Thursday. Her lofti- ness and spaciousness were apparent and impressive,and she was generally voted a very handsome addition to the passenger steamers of the city. On Thursday La Marguerite made her trial run from Liverpoel and Llandudno, and by the courtesy of the directors of the Company, invitations were sent to some 400 persons,including shareholders, railway and shipping representatives, and journalists from Lancashire arid Yorkshire. There was a great crowd on the landing- stage, and hearty cheering sent La Marguerite on her initial trip at 11.30, accompanied by strains of music from the band of H.M.S. Indefatig- able, which was on board. Fine weather pre- vailed, and the run to Llandudno was made very comfortably and with no haste. An admirable luncheon was served on board,the spacious dining saloon being much admired in the courseof satisfying the inner man. There was a short stay at the popular Welsh watering place, during which the passengers went ashore and the welcoming crowd on the pier boarded La Mar- guerite on a tour of inspection. The return journey commenced at 4 p.m. and,the new stexmer gave a limit of her steaming qualities by running to Liverpool in a level two hours. Beautiful weather prevailed, and pro- bably none of the guests on board had ever enjoyed the North Wales trip more than they did on Thursday. The abundance of promenading accommodation on La Mar- guerite is a distinguishing feature, and one that pas- sengers most heartily will appreciate. Indeed, she is a most commodious and handsomely appointed boat and we doubt not, will soon win great popularity with the Lancashire and Yorkshire crowds. A few details about her history and construction will probably be inter- esting at this stage. La Marguerite was purchased from the New Palace Steamers of London, where she had been on the London and Bologue service and was generally recognised as the premier passenger steamer of the Thames. She was built by the Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company and represents value to the extent of £85,000. Her dimensions are a follows :—Length between per- pendiculars, 330 feet; length over all, 341 feet G inches; breadth moulded, 40 feet: extreme breadth, 75 feet; depth moilded (to upper deck), 21 feet 6 inches ; draught on service, 9 to 10 feet; gross tonnage, 2,204 ; and indicated horse power, 7,599, She has' two funnels and two masts, the hull is of steel throughout, and all the structural scantling were approved by the Board of Trade. She is divided, in accordance with the recom- mendation of the Bulkhead Committee, into eleven water-tight compartments. The bulkheads thus introduced besides making the vessel practically unsinkable Etrengthen the structure considerably by acting as supports and ties between the decks and framing. She can carry 3,485 passengers on No. 5 certificate, and about 2,160 between Liverpool and North Wales. Fitted with every attention to detail, and with an elegance and completeness hitherto unapproached by any pleasure steamer, La Marguerite has everything to recommend her, even to the most fastidious pleasure seeker. During the trial trip on Thursday the Chairman of the Company made a brief speech. He said it might be asked why the Liverpool and North Wales Company had acquired this steamer for their North Wales service. All companies at the present time must either go ahead or be satisfied to take a second place, and the Liverpool and North %Vales Company had no intention of taking second place. He discussed the merits of turbine steamers but thought a greater astern steaming power was required for narrow waters. With an ordinary steamer they could get a greater speed going astern, and that was a strong point. They could not have got a steadier steamer than La Marguerite, which was another important consideration. ' The vessel was a preat credit to her builders, the Fair- field Engineering and Shipbuilding Company, who had also built the St. Elvies and the St. Tudno. Whether she would be the success she should be depended entirely on the public for the company had now done their share in providing the facilities for comfortable travel. He proposed the toast of "La Marguerite," coupling it with the name of Mr. W. M. Rhodes, of the Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company. _

Mr. Rhodes said they in the south regretted very much their parting with La Marguerite. which, speaking for himself, he regarded as the apple of his eye. He considered that her sale was a great loss to the London public. However, their loss was Liverpool's gain, and he hoped the people up north would take full advantage of the opportunities offered. He thoroughly agreed with the chairman in his remarks as to turbine steamers, but while they were not yet quite practical in a service like this, he believed the turbine would revolutionise the method of steam propulsion in the future. He con- gratulated the directors and shareholders of the Liver- pool and North %Vales Company upon having acquired La Marguerite so cheanly. Mr. J. J. Metcalf, Mayor of Bootle, proposed " The chairman and directors of the Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Company," and the chairman briefly responded.

CRAWFORD'S

OVAL

RICH TEA

BISCUITS. (In Ib. Packets, &c.)

THE CRAWFORD" QUALITY

===== 0002601_19040514_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

SOCIAL SERMONETTES FOR WORKING MEN,

BY JOHN TAYLOR. Author of "Search Lights on Land, Labour

and Social Problems."

===== 0002601_19040514_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
MAKING THE MONEY FLY.

"The financial position of this country is worse now than it has been at any time during the last fifty years. Expenditure is admittedly out of hand. The national credit is lower than it has been for twenty years, and, relatively to the credit of other nations, it is lower than at any other period during the last fifty years."—Slß EDGAR VINCENT, M.P. The Budget night in the House of Commons is always interesting to the long-suffering taxpayer. It is the time of our national stocktaking, and the ChancelJor of the Exchequer tells us how much money he has received and where it came from, and how the taxation affected our trade. Then he tells us how much money we have spent, and where it has gone, and what we have got to show for it. And, finally he estimates our income and expenditure for the coming year, and he arranges his taxes and tariffsaccordinaly. We have to go through this ordeal once every year, whether we like it or not, because the House of Commons is the highest taxing authority in the land, and it has the first claim on us. Then it hands us over to the tender mercies of Town Councils,and City Corporations, and highway and sanitary authorities, and Parish Councils, and these greedy cormorants skin us, and fleece us, and rob us of all that is left. We are absolutely it their mercy, and we must grumble and pay. I.—PUBLIC EXPENDITURE HAS BEEN . INCREASING AT AN ALARMING RATE.

For thel last ten or a dozen years the whole nation has been cursed with a spirit of reckless extrava- gance, and an insane desire to live and prosper,on other peoples' money. In the House of Commons a cry has been made for .more battleships, and cruisers, and guns, and for a hirger army and navy. In the City Councils and municipal areas there has been a demand for new tram lines, and electric lights, and public parks, and schools, and educational machinery. If you lift up your voice against this growing expenditure you are laughed at and called a prophet of evil. If you ask where the money is to come from you are told to go and borrow it.

The most serious part of this criminal recklessness is that the people who have to pay these rates and taxes are willing to plunge gaily into debt, and fling money away faster than it comes in, and leave posterity to pay their debts. Let us see how our national expenditure has grown. Sir Edgar Vincent, the Tory member for Exeter, is a recognised authority on financial matters, and he told the House of Commons the other day that "in 1893 our total expenditure amounted to ninety millions. Last year it was one hundred and forty millions. This is an increase of forty millions in. ten years, or at the rate of fifty-five per cent. It is an increase out of proportion either to the increase of our population, or trade, or wealth."

Just think for a moment what this increase means. Fifty-five per cent. would be eleven shillings on every pound, so we are paying thirty-one shillings now for every sovereign we used to spend. If you go back another twenty years, you will find that in 1873 the nation paid its way, and lived in comfort on an ex- penditure of sixty-two millions. So that in thirty years we have multiplied that expenditure by two avd a quarter. This is a rise of one hundred and twenty- five per cent., and for every sovereign we paid then we are paying two pounds five shillings now. This growing extravagance will make a serious hole in any man's pocket, and neither nations nor individuals can stand it long. Our income is not increasing as fast as our expenditure. Last year our taxes yielded £2,724,421 less than we anticipated, and we spent £3,007,000 more than we intended to spend. So we are £5,731,421 to the bad. We make up these deficiencies by piling dn more taxes, that come out of our pockets. Our tea is increased by twopence per pound. Another penny is put on our income tax, and increased duties are levied on tobacco and cigars. So the tea drinkers and smokers and income taxpayers trre raided and robbed to cover our national extravagance. But these are only half our troubles. While the Im- perial Parliament is building costly battleships, that will be broken up and sold for old iron in a year or two, and squandering our money in madcap expeditions to the ends of the earth, our local Parliaments are doing some reckless things under our very noses. Poor rates and education rates, and borough and police rates are going up merrily. In some towns they are as high as nine or ten shillings in the pound,and our rating autho- rites are mortgaging the future by plunging us more deeply into debt. If you think these reckless games can last for ever you are greatly mistaken. -There are limits to human endurance, and menlwill not quietly submit to increased taxation when thousands of our people are unemployed, and wages are falling, and our tradesmen are making smaller profits ; and there are limits to our borrowing powers. We have bled the banks, and the investors of trust money, till we have nearly drained them dry, and those of them who could help us if they would are buttoning up their pockets, or demanding higher rates of interest. And who can blame them? _

Sir Edgar Vincent evidently reads these signs of the times, and in warnitv, the Tories of the folly of their Protection craze anetheir reckless expenditure, he said, "I hope the Government will not be misled by the notion that scientific taxation can produce money from the clouds. It may obscure the incidence, but it can- not lighten the burden." These are wise and timely words of warning, and if we no not promptly take heed to our ways, the avenger that is on our track will teach us all wisdom by bitter and painful experience.

IL-RECKLESS BORROWING HAS UNDER- MINED OUR CREDIT.

If you want to be a successful borrower you must not borrow too often, and you must not ask for too much money, and you must be punctual in the payment pf your interest and the instalments of your debt. If you are going every Monday to your uncle's to pawn your clothes, and every Saturday night to redeem them, you will have your neighbours talking about you, and adver- tising your poverty. Then nlbody will lend you a shilling without duple security and a high rate of interest.

If you get your name up as a chronic borrower, always "stoney broke," and "." short," and living on your ;uncle, your neighbours will want to know what you do with aly money when you get it. If you spend borrowed money in boozing,and making fool's bargains, and backing horses that never win, you will so-On be known as a" wrong 'nil." and your crediters will be on your track, and you will have the "bums " in the house, and you will be chucked out. • This is what happens to individuals when they in- dulge in reckless borrowing and insane speculations,and it is what happens to nations, and City and Town Coun- cils, for the same eternal laws govern every one of us. Our loss of credit is seen in the reduced value of our securities. Ten years ago our Consols and gilt-edged securities were worth twenty-five per cent. more than they are to-day. But our National Debt alone is over seven hundred millions, so this drop in price represents a loss of £175,000,009 to the unlucky investors, and all other gift-edged securities have depreciatectin sympathy with them.

Before we began our wholesale reckless borrowing we had no difficulty in raising national and municipal loans at two and a half per cent., and the lender would give us £lO4 for each £lOO of stock. Our Consols and Government stock at three per cent. were so popular that when Lord Goschen reduced the interest on them he did not materially reduce the market price of them. In those days of peace and prosperity each £lOO of our Consols rose to £ll4. Then the Boer war came, and we squandered the savings of the last thirty years, and borrowed nearly two hundred millions, and the price fell to £B6. Now let us see what this means. If you were executor under a friend's will, and invested his money for security in Consols to the amount .of £114,000, and were forced to sell at the lowest price, yo u would only get £86,000 for the stock. So there would be a dead loss to that estate of £28,000. Now these "gilt-edged"securities, as they are called, are held by all our banks, and insurance offices, and trusts,in very large amounts, and these large holders have had to re-value them, and reduce the price in their books, and when they are sold the sharehold.rs will have to bear the loss.

One insurance company owns up to a depreciation of more than £300,000 in its gilt-edged securities, and it has reducei its bonus and written down the value of its stock. Another wealthy insurance company has written off more than half a million as its share of the loss, and our banks and trusts are following their example. And you can never hope for any recovery in prices so long as the law of supply and demand is being violated so recklessly. Russia and Japan are at war, and spend- ing fabulous sums of money. They are offering twice as much interest for war loans as we are getting on our securities and if they float new loans now, they will absorb all our spare cash, and send up the rate of interest all round, and pull down the value of our best securities.

_ Our loss of credit not only reduces the value of our securities, but it compels us to pay a higher rate of interest. The heavy fall of one hundred and seventy five millions in the value of our National Debt has shaken men's confidence in every other form of invest- ment. Consols used to be reekoned as good as bank notes, or silver and gold, but when they dropped twenty five per cont, in value the holders took it out of those who cisme to borrow again by charging a higher rate of interest for all future loans.

You have a good example of this in the experience of the London County Council. in the days before the war it cou'd borrow money at two and a half per cent., and float the loan at a premium. In these dark days it has to pay three per cent. for its loans, and float them at a discount.

Since May,l9oo,the Council has bozrowed twenty-two

millions of money at three per cent. interest, and its latest price of issue is ninety per cent. If they were all issued at this price, instead of getting the full twenty-two millions, the council would only get, £19,800,000 and the remaining £2;200,000 is a bribe to tempt the subscribers to part with their money. In June, 1896, the Council issued a two and a half per cent, loan at 104 i on each ..-L:,100t, If the twenty-two millions had been borrowed on these terms the Council would have received £22,990,000 as the proceeds of the loan, and this difference of £3,190,000 will have to be paid by the unlucky ratepayers. But the difference of one half per cent.. on twenty- two millions is £llO,OOO a year, and this additional burden will come out of the ratepayers also, so you see our loss of credit increases our expenditure, and lessens our income, and impoverishes every one of us. The Chancellor of the Exchequer says that in the three years ending March, 1903, the local authorities of, this country borrowed, £1.03,000,000, and at the close of 1901 the total outstanding local loans were £412,000,000. There are some evils in this world that will cure themselves if you only give them time enough, and reckless borrowing is one of them. The last great war pulled down our gilt-edged securities more than 25 per cent in value, and another such enterprise would reduce them another twenty-five. But the money lenders are getting alarmed about the security, and they are button- ing up their pockets, and refusing to lend any money on the old terms. I wish the average ratepayer would wake up to the awful perils of the times, and protest against reckless expenditure and wholesale borrowing, and insist on the nation living within its income and honestly paying its way. John Bull is a patient ass, and he meekly submits to have these intolerable burdens piled on his back. If he staggers and falls beneath his financial burdens it will be a bad look out for every one of us. "He that bath ears to hear, let him hear."

===== 0002601_19040514_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
"RAGGING" AT OXFORD.

THE" DAILY MAIL" HOAXED BY SPORTIVE STUDENTS.

Much quiet joy is now beating gently in the hearts of the more sporting members of the 'Varsity owing to the recent revelations of " Ragging at Oxford " printed with such smacking of fat lips by the "Daily Mail." Now that the great scheme has run its allotted course,there seems no reason why people out of Oxford should not be informed of the hoax. It would appear that the D.M. methods of acquiring facts do not quite satisfk the more critical politicians and students of Oxford, and it was thought for the benefit of the people in London and the provinces, that they should be made to share in the keen penetra- tion of their methods that prevails at Oxford. And this is the manner of doing it. A gentleman of great athletic fame here wrote a plaintive letter to the D.M., complaining of the severe ragging to which he had been subjected, and quoting other instances of such gratuitous wrong-doing. The D.M., with that fine and ready sympathy for oppressed humanity that touches one so, dispatched a reporter to the actual scene of the disturbances. There in an undergraduate's room a scene of very great dramatic power was enacted. It was something like this. The reporter was sitting gathering his information in the rooms of a " fair giant" (to borrow the apt expression employed by the D.M.), so characteristic of the public school boy, when the door was suddenly burst in and a shivering youth (suspected at Oxford to be a gentleman of ripe athletic fame) sank down in a chair crying feebly "Just escaped" a very picture of limp exhaustion. Just in time.the oak was sported, and outside might be heard the gnashings of teeth and hurling of coals cast at the oak, on the part of the raggers reft of their prey. It was a moving spectacle, and the reporter took copious notes and. rejoiced he'd come. When the first lot withdrew, another gentleman, very white and terrified, fluttered into the room followed by his two pursuers. They twisted his chair round, but withdrew on a motion Of the fair giant. Much conversation on Oxford ragging ensued between the reporter, his host, and a friend -who came in later to add anything omitted by the other. Men were ragged at Oxford it seemed, for nany new, as well as all the old, offences. Besides the ancient sin of having a walking-stick when in cap and gown, a first year man might not put on patent boots, nor wear cap and gown, except when unavoidable, under surety of ragging. A provincial accent carried graver penalties. Fictitious instances were quoted of gentlemen subject to heart disease being reduced to a perspiration by artificial means, and then tenderly un- dressed and squirted over with 'soda-water syphons. Only public-school *boys are safe at Oxford; yet an instance was adduced of the son of a Peer having his leg bitten in three places. • In amaze- ment the reporter wondered "who then can be saved ?" He asked the afore-mentioned fair giant to what he attributes his immunity from these baneful attacks. The latter yawned, stretched himself in the accepted manner of fair giants,and mentioned a casual interest in boxing. • On the day following these accounts appeared in the D.M. and it was seen that they "had been understated rather than overstated by our correspondent." A. lengthy controversy has been conducted in the D.M. columns by men who have gone down, and outsiders, reviewing ragging at Oxford during the last few decades. Meanwhile it was impossible to buy a D.M. at Oxford : favourite newspaper boys laughed you to scorn—papers were bargained for at 6d. each—and even now if you borrow last Monday's " Mail " from the Steward at the ' Union a small boy keeps guard over you. Successive issues of the paper were attended with equal joy, , Many undergraduates have received letters of warning from anxious parents. They reply that the only thing they've heard of being ragged is a paper somewhere in London. Undergraduates must be excused if they are unduly gay at having " rotted " a great London Daily. and held even so famed a person as its Editor as one of but small account. . A few chosen words to any who wish to know the true state of things here (in contrast with the repre- sentations of prominent journals) might soothe some over-ruffled nerves. It is true that provincial accents meet with some slight scorn; it is true that it is wrong co wear your gown when you can possibly get out of it; to pour your cider-into another man's beer in Hall is not necessarily ungentlemanly, and may not be sconced unless the head of table is hypersensitive ; it is true too that it is not well to over-insist on yourself while yet a Fresher, to mention your mother frequently in conversation, nor to give a wine " open to the college " (to confine it to your year would be a. praiseworthy and sporting thing); it is also believable that Oxford first year might be very trying to many a fine young fellow of noble parts—but one's experience is that a man with any tact and strength of character will come through all these things. Oxford contains the best young men of their year in England. It is conceivable th tto subdue and contain yourself might be part of a training that .no life other than that of the two older Universitieslcan give one. Trinity College, Oxford

J.C.O.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

STOCKTON HE .A.TII G :MOEN SO CI ET v.—Arrangements are being made for the members of the Garden Society to pay periodical visits to the leading resident's gardens in the district in order to obtain practical lessons bathe cultivation of choice flowers, plants, fruits and veget- ables, &c. The monthly meeting of the Garden Society was held on Tuesday evening, under the chairmanship of Mr. Charles Plinston. There was a good attendance of members, and much enthusiasm was displayed in local horticultural matters. It is hoped this enthusiasm will result in an excellent display at the show to be held in August. Arr. W. H. Woodcock gave an address on ",Hardy Perennials," illustrated by specimen plants and flowers, which were distributed to the members at the close of the meeting. Mr. %Woodcock showed how by care, foresight, and experience it was possible to have 1 an almost continuous display of flowers throughout the year. The preparation of the beds, their shape and method of treatment, were described, and a list of the best sorts to grow was given. A hearty vote of thanks was unanimously accorded the lecturer. PAROCHIAL COINI NI ITTEE.—This committee met on • Thursday evening under the presidency of Mr. G. Pilling. There were also present :—Messrs. Clarke, Whitley, Mclntyre, Fairhurst, Mounfleld, Hallows, Williams, Warburton, H. J. Westbrook, T. R. Westbrook, G. F. Ashton (clerk), J. Swinton (surveyor) and J. Farrington. (inspector of nuisances).—Mr. George Pilling was re- elected chairman of the committee and in returning thanks said that if there was anything he could do for the good of Stockton Heath he was always at the cora- mittee's service.—Mr. Clarke was elected vice-chairman The following committees were appointed : Building Committee: Messrs. Pilling, Bouchier, Clarke, Pearson, Whitley, Mounfleld, H. J. Westbrook, Warburton, Hallows and Fairhurst; Lighting , Committee : Messrs. Bouchier, Fairhurst Pearson, Mclntyre, Whitley, Williams, Welsby and T. R. Westbrook.—Mr. Whitley gave notice that at the next meeting he would move the appointment of a san- itary committee—Mr. T. R. Westbrook also announced his intention of moving at the same meeting that in order to encourage the adoption of the pail -system in- stead of cesspools the cOnunittee should provide the necessary pails free of expense.—The committee ap- proved plans of 18 houses in Roman Road submitted by Mr. Collins, and 2 villas in London R3ad submitted by Mr. C. W. Davenport.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
I

''‘-3,7',1''11",' 1:••,!•!!:,' ' j r 'd H.ii, i i ! it." 1 H.;',' ',.1-,f, , i. 2, i i .4 ‘; , . ti.F,.'], lii 1 ti-..' i 1 P: i I ji. ill ' : 'it 1 l',' . isZ. ' • I, . i ' , ~, - A-,1 ' ~•'.,•.," '„. 'kl i , . I ':' I li 1 i -i' ': , i ii 1 [ : ~ 1. ,}.l i 1. I j ~,, ! 11 . - .. I 4. , - .?,.i -1,.1 -111 '.4,' ilk! ,-. f . . - .. _.! . • .. : . - !

===== 0002601_19040514_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19040514_art0063.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- • 7

===== 0002601_19040514_art0064.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19040514_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
months ago to my friends on the Exe3utive Committee privately. I don't want anyone here, and I don't want anyone in Warrington to think I have been trying to thrust myself forward into the position which 1 had the honour to occupy at the last election, a position I considered it a very great honour to fill, but which, I am very well aware, other people of more political experience and ability would be much better qualified to fill. (No, no). have put it so to our friends of the association privately who are responsible for the conduct of affairs, and I would like you to know that too. My friends tell me they wish me to hold myself, as it were, in readiness —(hear, hear)—in case they thought it would be to the advantage of the Liberal cause in Warrington that I should again step into the ring and put on the gloves with Mr. Pierpoint. (Cheers). „N, ow I would like to tell you what I told the President of our association and other friends of mine, and that is this : If in spite of my shortcomings, and although I got a good licking last time under adverse circumstances, if they thought that under more promising conditions, when the dark clouds have cleared away from our political sky,l might be of any service to the party and wish me to make a fight, then indeed I should be only too proud—(loud cheers)—to put my back into it, and,, so far as one's limited abilities go, do my best to carry on the political work which my father and grandfather did in the town. (Renewed cheers).

===== 0002601_19040514_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
CHINESE LABOUR.

Well now, before I sit down there is another question to which I wish to allude,and with your kind indulgence I should like to read a few extracts bearing upon the question of Chinese Labour iu South Africa, on which Mr. Balfour spoke last night. This is certainly a vary serious questidn for all who are interested in labour and all who are interested in maintaining throughout the world the good fame of the British nation(lear,hear).The first extract is from the" Daily News" and is as follows: " We have obtained a copy of the Cape Colony re- port in reference to the treatment of Kaffirs in the Rand mines which formed the subject of Major Saely's motion in the House last night. On page 5 we read that the inquiry clearly establishes that misrepresentations in regard, to wages are mule by the labour agents, that occasional wrongful deduc- tions are imposed, assaults by European overseers and the native police are of freguent occurrence, and that the system pursued in calculating the time for which wages are due is not intelligible to the native, and is the cause of much of the distrust existing." If these defects are remedied," says Mr. A. H. Stanford, the assistant chief magistrate at Untata, " I have no doubt that some of the ob- jections which the Transkeien natives now have to going to Johannesburg would be removed. But the wages paid are undoubtedly less than before the war, and as long as the natives can obtain more remunerative labour elsewhere the labour supplied to the goldfields is not likely to be much aug- mented from these sources." It is reported that "at various of the compounds the boys complained of being hurried by means of the application by the native police of the gentle stimulus of cowhide.' It is further said that almost without exception the compound police carry sjamboks. At the Village Deep . . . there were complaints of this hustling by the compound police." We further read that "at various of the compounds complaints were made that the compound authorities were in the habit of patine' boys in the stocks "but that, "by the orders of the present Government all stocks had been collected and burnt." This illustrates the kindliness of the randlords. The most serious complaint is however said to be "that men have been paid at a very much lower rate than that promised them by recruiting agent." Instances are given where £3 15s. per month was offered by the recruiting agent and only £2 10s. paid in the mine. "Another complaint" we read, "is that they (the natives) are crowded in their sleeping places, and that there is not sufficient ventilation.'" In another place we read that "there are all sorts of complaints made by boys —that theyaresjamboked and bullied by these stupid indunas—and that when they are sick they are not allowed to go home." The boys complain further that the compounds have their own coffee shops, where they force the boys to buy and not at any other which they may choose,and where they could get groceries at a. cheaper rate." There is apnarently open buying 4and selling of labourers. On page 26 we read, "Whoever requires labourers buys them." On page 27 we read that 'any labourers who were imprisoned are at the expiration of their sentences,so/d to those that wantilabourers." On page 37 we read," I found three places where boys were freely beaten, and stopped wages, viz., Village Deep, Geldenhuis and Railway Compound." Onipage 10 we reach "At three places I found natives had been flogged by the overseers. I per- sonally spoke to the men who had been flogged, and saw the marks on their bodies." On the same page we find a summing up of the entire situation. "I wish to mention," says one of the headmen, "that I have known natives go to work in places where they will receive less wages but good treatment rather than go to Johannesburg." In conclusion, the Blue Book, from which we have made most imperfect extracts, is one long record of ill-treat- ment,cheating and cruelty. For instance what are we to say of the " forced labour on Sunday and during sickness "? Is it not reasonable that the natives should, in their own words, require one day's rest out of the week? "The treatment now is worse than it was before the country was under the British rule "—so says a chief—and he added that the natives do not get satisfaction from the magistrates. Dirty hospitals' the refusal to allow six men to return home, the buying and selling of any men who happeno have been in prison, coupled with an awful death rate, are given as the reasons why the natives shun the mines. The travelling facilities are execrable, and the evidence although conflicting in parts, is as a whole, irrefutable. Mr. Brownlee, who, in presenting his report on the condition of the natives in the mines together with the evidence upon which that report is founded said that the "treatment of natives is generally good." Mr. Herbert Samuel's comment on that is quite sufficient. He says, that "we shudder to think what it would be if it were generally bad." BRUTALITY TO SOUTH AFRICAN N TIVES. My next extract gives Major Seely's opinion on brutality to South African natives. Major Seely moved the adjournment of the House in accordance with the notice given at question time. He said that a sense of profound anxiety had been growing in this country as to whether there was any truth in the persistent rumours, allegations, and even statements that the natives in South Africa were being treated unfairly, improperly, and in some cases cruelly. Now at last an official document had been presented to the Cape Legislature. He read quotations from the reports of the Commis- sioners, some of whom were native chiefs, to the effect that sick men were forced to work, and were beaten and ill-treated tn, Zulu policemen; that the boakyeds of their overseers, and wished to the Republic when they were get back re to s better treated and better paid. One reported that if Inwitahme d the "boys" were fairly treated and paid £3 to £4 a month there would be no difficulty in getting suffi- cient supplies of native le,bour.(Opposition cheers.) The complaint was general that they were forced to work on Sundays, and all the Commissioners agreed that the wages paid were less than those promised. This state of affairs was not worthy of the great country to which we belonged, and required more than ordinary attention of the House and the Government. If they had known all that was in this Blue Book, mach that they had done in the last few months would never have been done. (Opposition cheers.) The high rate of mortality amongst these native miners-15 to 20 times greater than that among miners of the same age in this country—had caused great distrust amongst all mem- bers of the House. They now saw the whole sad story. There was a high rate of mortality before the war, and after it the mineowners determined to increase dividends by reducing wages and refusing to improve conditions. The consequence was a shortage of labour, and as a result of the war they were to find a short cut to avoid the necessary con- sequences of improper conditions for tne labourers. When we looked on the whole sordid tale, we must be ashamed of ourselves. (Opposition cheers.) He asked the Government to pause before they took a step which must perpetuate this shame. (Cheers.) THE STIMULUS OF COWHIDE. Mr. CHURCHILL seconding said the Blue Book was a complete justification for anyone who had voted against the proposal for the introduction of Chinese labour. (Cheers.) There were enough natives in South Africa to work all the goldtnines three or four times over, but they would not come, and the reason was to be found in this document. Mr. Chamberlain had done a good many things in his tenure of office for which a great many people had only been able to give him a modified measure of support, but in one thing he had the House entirely with him—he had greatly reduced the amount of flogging which took place all over the British Em- pire.He had strong personal views for good, which were a survival of other days. (Laughter.) He (gr. Churchill) was not sure that he would go quite as far as the right hon. gentleman, but there was one sort of corporal punishment which the House ought to conde un without the slightest reservation —that administered,not by authority or law, butat the caprice or will of any petty tyrant. (Opposi- tion cheers.) All this indiscriminate bullying and "stimulating of natives' movements by the gentle application of cowhide " of which the Blue Book I spoke' was a gross breach of criminal law, and ought to be visited by severe and exemplary punish- ment. (Hear, hear.) He made no general charge of inhumanity against the mineowners of the Rand, but what with the influence of the Labour Associa- tion, whose character was shown by the Blue Book in an unfavourable light, and the undoubted inal- 3ractices that went on in certain special localities, ohanneshorg and the Rand Mines Iva an extremely bad name among the natives. (Hear, hear.) They were tricked into their period of service, thrashed, made to work when they were ill, and not allowed to go to their friends even if they recovered, not allowed a day's rest in the week, and not paid for overtime. If that did not approach the nature of slavery a new name ought to be added to the English language. (Opposition cheers.) The Colonial Secretary had the reputation of being a

Liberal-minded man. He was once a Liberal. (Laughter.) He was now a Liberal Unionist, which Was not quite the same thing. (Laughter.) The right hon. gentleman did not want to signalise his tenure of office by any degradation of the standard of treatment of natives. Did he not think that the facts disclosed in the Blue Book constituted the case for action and for delay in some of the opera- tions which it was proposed to embark upon—(hear, hear)—and in handing over South Africa for the i;urpose of an experiment sinister in character and tar-reaching in its consequences. Might it not have been worth while for the right hon. gentleman to ask his officers to look beneath their own feet at what was going on in the Rand Mines? Might they not have found in the redress of grievances some solution of the question of the labour supply ' Without going all the way to China ? MR. BALFOUR'S ATTITUDE. 1 I have one more extract I would like to read to you on this question. Addressing a meeting of the Primrose League last night Mr. Balfour said: "Remember that these man, like ourselves, have British traditions, British love of liberty, British hatred of outrage and cruelty, British love of freedom. He would be an insolent and arrogant critic indeed who could suggest that we have a right to take up on any of the great branches of public morality a position of superiority over our fellow-countrymen over the sea." I believe the statements I have read to you are true statements. This is a subject which concerns very closely every Englishman, whether capitalist or wage earner, and especially it concerns the wage earner, and I have one or two questions upon it I want to put to this meeting. Is it honest to promis3 a wage and theq pay less ?-- (No.) Is it humane to flog the natives with cowhide and sjomboks ?—(No.) Should the truck system, which is act legal in this country,be allowed in the Compounds of South Africa?—(No.) We, as a Christian nation, abolished Sunday work and yet compel the natives in South Africa to work seven days a weak. Is that fair? —(Renewed crieg of "No.") I am sure if they tried that sort of game a little nearer home they would soon have to answer for it. (L tughter and applause.) Mr. Balfour is doing his very best to endorse all that these men are doing. The Gayer:l:neat accept the advice of Lord Milner and follow him through all this mis- chievous work, just as they followed him through all the mischievous work in 1839. For my part I urn not going to regard South African affairs through the spectacles of Lord IVlilner. (Hear, hear.) There is too much of the Germaia bureaucrat about that gentleman ; he persuades himself that the public cannot possibly be opposed to anything of which he himself approves, and I am perfectly sick of all the rot that is talked in the yellow press of LOnclon about kow-towing to this great pro-consul. (Cheers.) I think we have had enough of it. (Cheers.) If the Govern- ment are always going to accept the course laid down by the man on the spot, and do whatever he wants, we shall never be free from war in this Empire. The Government must accept their responsibilities as rulers and they must forbid people to go on the bucaneer- ing and plundering expeditions in one part of the Empire, or introduce pernicious customs into another, which simply mean the tearing up of the legacy which Wilberforce has handed down to us. (Hear, hear.) We have had a splendid letter in the local press from Mr. Parker, and he has reminded us how oar liberties have been fought for,and 'won inch by inch,and how proud we ought to be that England is allead of other nations in this respect.ll(flear, hear.) Snrely it is the duty of every Englishman. to set his face resolutely against such work as this in South Africa. (Applause and Cheers). .

THE LICENSING QUESTION. That is the most important matter I have to deal with to-night, but before sitting d3wn I have a little bit from the Manchester "Guardian" on the Licensing Question I think will interest you. It runs "So far from reduction beim., made easier under the compensation scheme, it will become more diffi- cult. Mr. Alfred Davies in his pamphlet calculates that evAn if the levy reach the maximum of 21,000.000 it would take fifty or seventy-five years to effe3t the reduction of one-fourth recommended by the Minority Report of the Licensing Commis- sion. Voluntary surrender of licences would cease altogether. It does not even make it incumbent on Quarter Sessions to reduce licenses at all, although the Majority Report of the Commission agreed that the number of licenses is far in excess of public requirements. It says that the reduction shall not go on faster than the size of the compensation fund warrants it makes the amount of compensation determine the amount of reduction, and while it establishes a maximum it insists on no minimum. It takes away from local justices these powers which can bast be exercised in the light of local knowledge, aqd leaves them the power of deciding whether or not a breach of the law has been committed which needs no local knowledge. It pays compen- sation on the market value of a licence and assdsses contributions on the rating value, which is much lower, and the difference will tend to retard the rate of reduction. It makes a vast present to the trade under the pretence of making a reduction of licences easier, and every clause in the Bill makes reduction more difficult. It serves a tem- porary convenience of the Government at 'tthe cost of restricting for all time the liberty of the State in its power to regulate and control the liquor traffic. When people talk of compensation they think not of brewers but of publicans. But this is a brewers'—not a publicans' bill. Barmen and bar- maids who lose their situations receive no compen- sation."

I call that a vary good summary of what the Bill affects, and that quotation brings home to us the fact that this is not a Bill for the publican but a Bill for the brewer. (Hear, hear.) And I think it is about time that some of the publicans, who are so much tha tools of the brewers,should reld the little Bill introduced by Mr. Broadhurst and Sir John Brunner for the Abolition of Tied Houses. (Hear, hear.)

===== 0002601_19040514_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
... . &kb' —' ' . ~ . s . . 12101:-A16811/01000/.11,1 - , ..gba., '-hi-1PP.W11,10.: . J.- .. -__"..a --...i.._ , ,11,..x..:.-2-1t24 • 4 .11, 21.' ... - i . üb°,..._ `--- t 12E.'..tit. _--3-4,..:.,dia1i5ia26. ---..-2.—;.----- - ----"--".*--:: '

HEALTH AND STRENGTH.

Nature's best gifts are those that contribute towards health and strength. The active principle of the best remedial agents (sarsaparilla, burdock, gentian, lavender saffron, dandelion, and quinine) constitute Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the most reliable tonic, purely vegetable. Health has many handmaids, and all depend on strength of nerve and muscle.. We exact too much from these in the daily competittvestruggle for success in life,and we have to suffer inconsequence—indigestion weakness, nervousness, sleeplessness, liver disorders, chest affections, and numerous other complaints. Now all these are successfully combated with the sus- taining assistance of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the best remedy of the age. It is safe, sure, and permanent in its effect. If you find Tou are almost unable to follow your daily vocation, :immediately strengthen yotv constitutim by taking a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. They make the weak strong, and give new heart. and "go "to the weary toiler. They revive the spirits and strengthen the nerve. By giving tone to the whole constitution they ward off fevers and other ailments. No family should be without a bottle. An occasional dose, taken when a man has felt slightly out of sorts, has prevented many a long illness. We assert theaboveconfldentially. Man is much more subject to the influence of his surroundings than is generally supposed. The ill effects upon the general health of living in close, ill-ventilated, and badly-lit homes, offices, or work- shops, are, of course, well known to everyone who has studied hygiene; while the life-giving effects of sunlight and fresh air are equally well known. The same may be said of the results of the various climatic changes. The injurious effects of a prevailing east wind are evident to all observant persons; and the •depressing influence of an approaching thunderstorm on some constitutions has also been observed by most people. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters may be termed an insurance policy against "catching cold," for it gives stamina and a healthy vitality to resist climatic changes and is a reliable safeguard against colds, chills, and coughs, which frequently happen through the weakness of the constitution being unable to resist the effects of the changeableness of the weather. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters never disappoints when given a fair trial, and no medicine has had so many imitators,but the purchaser has the remedy against such deceit in his own hands. Note particularly the name" Gwilym Evans " on the label, on the stamp, and on the bottle (a threefold precaution), without which none are genuine. Refuse all others then you will have the satisfaction of benefiting by the unrivalled virtures of this great tonic. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each by chemists and patent medicine vendors, or will be sent direct by the proprietors, without any extra charge to any address in the United Kingdom. Sole Proprietors :—Qainine Bitters Manufacturing .Company, Limited, Llanelly, bouth Wales.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

Minor Cases. Warrington Borough Police Court.

SATURDAY—Before Mess. Birchall (in the chair), Hayward, R. T. Fairclough, and Geddes. RETURNING FROM THE RACES.—Thomas O'Neil, hawker, of no fixed residence, was charged with having travelled on the London and North-Western Railway, by the 3 p.m. train from Chester to Warrington on Friday without a ticket with intent to avoid payment. —Ticket-collector Blinston stated that prisoner came up to the barrier at Bank Quay Station, and when asked for his ticket said he had not come by train. He could not produce a platform ticket, and as he had no money with which to pay his fare he was handed over to Detective Davies.—Superintendent Monaghan said the prisoner was a stranger and had evidently been to Chester races.—Prisoner, who pleaded guilty, was tined 20s. and costs, with the alternative of a mouth's imprisonment. IVfoNDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Councillor Thornton, Messrs. Birchall and Wright.

GOOD EFFECTS OF A REMAND.—Patrick Shaugh- nessy, of Eldon-street, again appeared in the dock,after having spent a week on remand at Strangeways, to answer to the charge of attempting to commit suicide. Superintendent Monaghan stated that on Saturday,April 30th, prisoner came home from work at one o'clock. After having dinner he went out and got some drink. On returning home he had more drink and began to quarrel with his wife about a County Court summons. Later in the evening he went into an out- building and was found by his wife suspended from a beam by a piece of wire. He was taken down and handed over to the police. He had been in gaol a week and appeared to be much better.—Prisoner promised the magistrates that he would never do such a thing again, and he was discharged. DRUNK WHILST IN CHARGE OF A CHILD.—Kate Dagnall was charged with having been drunk whilst in charge of a child two years of age in Mersey-street on Saturday night.—P.C. Cox said prisoner was staggering about with the child, which was almost naked, in her arms. Sherwas so drunk that she fell down.—Prisoner said she had been to her brother-in-law's wedding and had had drink.—She was fined ss. and costs.

MARGARET OAKES AGAlN.—Margaret Oakes, a well- known character, and William Makinson, who made his first apertrance, were charged with having been drunk •and disorderly in Brick-street at 12.45 a.m. on Sunday. —P.C. Cooper (26) proved the case.—Oakes was sent to gaol for a month and Makinson was fined ss. and costs. DISORDER IN TETE STREETS.—For playing football in Hoult-street on May 3rd the following boys were lined 3s. Gd. each :—Andrew Leah Traynor, 7, Dolman's- Jane; John O'Day, 19A., Back Dolman's-lane; William 'Conway, 29, Dolman's-lane; John Murphy, 6, Dohnan's- lane ; John Egan, 19, Bank-street; Thomas Collins, 4, Stoney-vard ; and William Mason, 17, Ship-yard.— P.C.' s elough and Andrews proved the case.and said that frequent complaints were made about such con- duct.—A fine of 3s. Gd. each was imposed upon two other boys named Thomas Hardman, 17, Lord Nelson- street, and Ernest Warburton, 6, Porter-street, for having made loud and unseemly noises in Napier-street at 7.30 on Sunday night, May Ist. MINOR OFFENCES.—For making use of obscene language, Michael Murray, 14 Silver-street, and John Laydon, 6, Back Haydock-street, were fined 10s. and -costs each.—A. fine of 4sAd. was imposed upon Mary Loydon, 15, flaydock-street, for disorderly behaviour in that street on April 30th.—John Preece, butcher, 33, "Winwick-street, was fined Is. for allowing the chimney of his house to be on fire.—James Mack,3s, West-street. -and William Dutton, 7, Morris'-yard were summoned, for committing a breach of the peace by fighting in Winwick-road on April 30th. They were ordered to pay the cost of the summons (3s. 6d. each.) TUESDAY.—Before Aldermen Sutton (in the chair), and Hutchinson. and Mr. J. Rymer Young. SLEEPING OUT.—Two boys, named Charles William Darnburu, 106, Field-street, Liverpool, and Oliver Fuller 20, Holly-street, Weaste were charged with having slept out the previous night in Cheshire's-yarch—Superintend- .ent Monaghan said he would withdraw the charge, on condition that the boys were handed over to the Police 'Court Missionary, and by him sent home. The magis- trates consented to this course.

FRlDAY.—Before Mr. Hepherd (in the chair), Alder- min Smethurst, Councillors Thorntoa and Roberts. ALLEGED ILL-TREITMENT OF N CHlLD.—James Crank was charged on a warrant with neglecting and ill-treating his child, Alice May Crank, aged 22 months on May 2nd and other dates.—Mr. Browne' on behalf of the N.S-P.C.C., said prisoner had only been arrested that morning, and consequently the witnesses were not in attendance —A remand until to-day was granted. DOGS WITHOUT LICENCES.—WiIIianI Isherwood, 212 Manchester-road, was summoned at the instance of the Inland Revenue authorities for keeping a dog without a licence.—Defendant did not appear and'a fine of ss. and costs was imposed.—George Smith, 8, Morris- street, was summoned for a similar offence. He denied, that the don'' belonged to him, but the bench fined him in the costs (95.)

===== 0002601_19040514_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Daresbury •Petty Sessions.

.TUESDAY.—Before Messrs. William Long (in the chair), Henry Nield, J. Malin Edelsten and Henry Talbot. A CASE THAT FAILED.—ThOMEIS Mather, 66, Winwick- .street, Warrington, was summoned for having been drunk on the licensed premises of George Simcock, Dog and Dart Inn, Grappenhall,on May 4,1902.—He pleaded not guilty.—P.C. Williams stated that on the night in ques- tion he was in Knutsford-road, Grappenhall, and saw the defendant, who was drunk, going in the direction of the Dog and Dart. Thinking that he might go into the house he followed him. He went into the inn and wit- ness followed and was just in time to see him standing against the bar, the landlord's daughter having refused to serve him. He asked defendant for his name and address which he gave as Thomas Moss, 34, Folly-lane, Warrington. Witness spent two afternoons in trying to serve the summons, but could not find any trace of the defendant. On Wednesday week last he saw the defendant working at some houses near Grappenhall and recognized him again.—Prisoner said he had never been in the Dog and Dart and knew nothing about the matter.—Miss Simcock, daughter of the licensee, said

she could not identify the defendant. —The constable said that when he served defendant with the summons he admitted the offence and asked him not to be "too hard on him at Daresbury."—Defendant said he did not! say anything of the kind, and he strongly denied that he was the man drunk at the Dog and Dart as he had never been there.—The magistrates dismissed the case.' A STOCKTON HEATH OUTING AND ITS SEQUEL.—Joe Lightburn, butcher, 55, Bridgemann-street, Bolton, was summoned for placing broken glass on the roadway at Stockton Heath on AprillBth.—Sergeant Bowyer stated that on tlp day in question be saw a cab coming over the Swing Btidge. When it got on the Stockton Heath side the defendant put his hand out of the window and dropped a beer bottle on to the floor. A piece of the glass cut a little girl's leg. He followed the cab to the Mulberry Tree Hotel and found that there were several other men in the cab "mad drunk." Defendant gave the name of William Partington, but witness afterwards ascertained his real name.—Defendant said he did not throw the bottle out of the window. It must have been someone else.—The Sergeant further stated that the defendant, with some friends, came driving out from Bolton, and sent a telegram to his wife at Bolton Joe dead, come at once." The result was; that the wife came from Bolton to Stockton Heath, and it was while making inquiries into the matter that wit- ness saw the offence under notice. Defendant behaved in such a•manner that he had to be locked up at the time and he had since been fined for drunkenness.—A young man named David Walsh, who was in the cab at the , time and who said he was quite sober, said that it was not defendant who threw the bottle.—Defendant was ordered to pay the costs (4s. 6d.) THEFT BY A WOMAN.—Sarah Elizabeth Rowe, a native of Oldham, was charged with stealing,on the 14th of April, from Barley Castle, Appleton,three bedsheets ' and a towel, of the valul of ss. 6d., the property of John Lea, farm kbourer. She was further charged with stealing a Imndbell, of the value of 6s. Gd. the property of William Coppack, of the Red Lion Inn, Stockton Heath.—Having heard the evidence the magistrates sent prisoner to gaol for 14 days on each charge. ALLEGED iNCENDIARISM.—Harry Ct fferey, of Hatton, I was charged on remand with setting fire to a stack the property of Richard L. Warburton, farmer, Hatton.— There was no evidence that prisoner actually set fire to the stack, and he was discharged. MrNort. CASES.—John Walker, Stretton, was ordered to pay 4s. 6d. c,-)sts for not having proper control over two horses of which he was in charge; William Gamble, Stockton Heath. was fined 2s. 6d. for not sending his child regularly to schoal.—Samuel Povey, Greenhill's Common,Whitley. was fined ss. for ridinPa bicycle after dusk without having a lighted lamp attached. AssauLT.—George Heesom, a youth, residing at Whitley,pleaded guilty to'having assaulted a boy named Frank Davies. on May sth.—The boy stated that he was standing in the roadway when Heesom knocked hum down and kicked him on the head.—Defendant was fined 10s.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
DIABETES AND CONSUMPTION

Every case completely Cured in two months without leaving home. The causes of these complaints have been discovered by MR. SPARKS, SPECIALIST, 36 WAKE- FIELD ROAD, STALYBRIDGE, and they can be cured sooner and safer by his treatment than any other. Every case of anannia and general -weakness cured no matter who you have been under. Mr. Sparks knows more about the cure of consumption than any other known man.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY DO THE PUBLIC BUY VI-COCOA?

Do you know that your mental health depends very much on your bodily health.and.therefore. on your food. Thousands of people, who first tried Vi-Cocoa as an ex- periment and now use it daily, have ascertained this fact.

We again reneat that not only your physical health and strength depends on the proper regulation of your diet, but also your moral character and your intellectual and commercial progress. "Then I will try Vi-Cocoa "yon say—and then forget to do so, although we are dally publishing the striking testimony of men and women who confirm our state- ment that Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa is indeed the perfect Food Beverage of the People. There is no cheaper or better article on the market. It is sold by all grocers and stores in 6d. packets, and 9s. and Is. 6d. tins; or you can try it absolutely free by writing (a post card will do) to Vi-Cocoa Ltd., 60, Bun- hill Row, London, E.C., for a dainty sample tin.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

Business of the Next Meeting.

The monthly meeting of the Education i.;'ornmittee will be held on Monday evening at 6 o'clock, when the following, among other business, will be dealt with.

THE NEW EDUCATION OFFICES.

A report of the sub-committee appointed to consider and accept tenders for the work to be done at the new education office, that they had accepted the tender of Mr. R. Lockerbie, amounting to £1.25,f0r the cupboards shelving, linoleum, itc., required, wis submitted and it was resolved,that the actioe of the sub-committee in the matter be confirmed. A IiF.ADNIASTER'S SALARY.

The Finance Committee have reconsidered the resolu- tion No. c 487, with reference to the head master of the mixed department of the St. James' school, Latchford, which was not approved by the Education Committee at its meeting on the 21st March, 1904, and, after some discussion, it was resolved, that resolution No. c 444, be varied so that the salary of the headmaster of the mixed department of the St. Jartl3S' school Latchford, be at the rate of 000 per annum.

SCHOOL HOLIDAYS.

The Finance Committee has resolved,that the follow- ing dates be fixed for. the undermentioned holidays, viz: Warn exT i us: Elementary schools, Friday evening, May 20th, to Monday morning, May 30th. Secondary school. Friday evening, May 20th, to Tuesday morning, May 31st. WALKING DAY: Elementary schools, Wednesday evening, June 29th, to Monday morning, July 4th. Secondary: school, Thursday evening,June 30th, to Mon- day morning, July 4th. MfrisummEß : Elementary schools, Friday noon, July 15th, to Monday morning, August 15th. Secondary school, Friday noon, July 15th. to Monday morning, August 29,.h. It was also resolved, that the practice of granting a half day's holiday on the occasion of H.M. Inspector's visit to the schools be discontinued, and, in view of the extended holiday granted at Whitsuntide, the Managers be asked to endeavour to curtail as far as yossible the occasional holidays.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE USE OF THE PLAYGROUND IN THE EVENING.

A-fetter from Mr. W. J. Wilson, suggesting that the playgrounds of the various schools in the Borough be opened in the evenings during the summer months for the use of children, was submitted, but the Finance Committee could not see their way to take any action in the matter. THE CHIEF SCHOOL ATTENDANCE OFFICERSHIP.

The School Attendance C3mmittee considered the desirability of filling the'vacancy caused by the death of the School Attendanc3 Inspector, and, after some dis- cussion, it was resolved (a) r hat a senior School Attendance Inspector be applinted to act as the prose- cuting officer of the Committee, to prepare the reports for the weekly rota meetings, in addition to undertaking the charge of a district, and generally to act under the instructions of the Director. (b) that Mr. William Bamber be appointed senior School Attendance Inspector, at a salary at the rate of £llO per annum; and that he be temporarily appointed to the position as from the Ist May, 1901; and (c) that an advertisement be issued inviting applications for the I position of School Attendance nspector thus rendered vacant, at a commencing salary at the rate of £63 per annum, rising by £6 10s. per annum to a maximum of £9l, the applicants to be not less than 21 nor more than 30 years of age.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ACCOM NIO DA T lON QUESTION,

E 49 A letter, dated the 26th April, 1903, from the Board of Education, asking how far the Committee have proceeded in supplying the increased school accommo- dation required in the Latchford district, was read, and the Director was requested to intimate, in reply, that the Committee hope to be able soon to submit a plan of a site for a new school in that district for approval.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
A REMARKABLE CASE.

Physicians declare that Diabetes is incurable and yet Mrs. Eliza Watkins, of 109, London-road, Clapton, N.E., whose family physician diagnosed her case as one of Diabetes, has been entirely restored. The doctor put Mrs. Watkins under a special Diabetes diet, and from all her symptoms there can be no doubt but that she had this awful disease. Dodd's Kidney Pills cured her, and to-day she says :—" The distressing symptoms of Diabetes have entirely gone." Her letter reads as follows :

"Three years ago I became very ill and had to take to my bed. My regular doctor said I had Diabetes,- and put me on a spezial diet. I was under his treat ment for some time, but got no better, and on account of my age (I was then 72), I was naturally very much concerned. A friend advised me to use Dodd's Kidney Pills, and, in the course of a few weeks, I became aware of a decided change for the batter and was able to get up and about. I continued to take the Pills, having reduced the dose to one or two Pills per day, and I very soon discovered that the old distressing symptoms of Diabetes had entirely gone. " My friends and relatives were much surprised at the rapid change and I can truthfully attribute my remark- able recovery solely to the use of Dodd's Kidney Pills."

===== 0002601_19040514_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
Local Spiritualism.

The services at the Spiritualist Hall on Sunday were cmducted by Mr. Wilfred Rocike, of Levenshulme, who spoke in the evening on "The angels' message," followed by good clairvoyance. On Monday evening a very successful entertainment was held in aid of the piano fund. Mr. Summers sang " Baby language," and recited" The Stuffed Monkey," and also gave an imitation of a noted Irish comedian, for each effort receiving loud applause. Mr. R. Scarisbrick caused roars of laughter by his ventriloquial and musical whimsicalities. Miss Lily Gallop recited very effec- tively" Christmas Day in the Workhouse." Master Reggie McCollam was encored for both of his songs, "The Horse the Missus dries the clothes on," and "The Bachelor" (in character). Mr. Bate's quartet party (instrumental) were loudly applauded for their two selections. Mr. Stout sang" The Three Topers," and gave a selection of phonograph records, which afforded much pleasure. Mr. Josh. Foster and Mr. Howard ably officiated as accompanists.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHEI

Padgate Wesleyan Church.

The Rev. A. Freeman (formerly minister of the War- rington circuit), preached the annual Sunday School sermons in this church on Sunday when there were large congregations. In the afternoon the Rev. John Gunnell conducted a flower service and gave an address on "Lilies." Lovely bunches of spring flowers were brought by the children, and these were placed by four of the teachers in a frame which had been prepared near the pulpit, and the mass of bloom presented a very pretty appearance. Solos were rendered by Miss Lena Duckworth and Miss Lilian Wright. The flowers were, on Monday, forwarded to the workhouse infirmary. Special hymns were sung by the choir and the children, who lad been admirably trained by Mr. Councillor Brough, assisted by Dr. Bennett. Miss C. J. Bennett presided at the organ. The offertories amounted to £2l.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
Services for the People.

The Rev. H. Dunnico preached at the Parr Hall on Sunday evening, taking his text from Luke 9 xxiv., d "Whosoever shall save his life shall lose it, an whoso- ever shall lose his life for My sake, the same shall save it." The meaning and purpose of life, the preacher said, could best be found out by doing the work that was nearest. He warned his congregation against three types of people, viz., the critic, the theorist, and the sentimentalist. It was not these, but steady, faithful workers who were wanted. Our lives were given to us to develop to the fullest extent in order that they might become useful to other people. A belief in God and in immortality was necessary to life's highest development. Everywhere in history it was seen that the best and noblest men were those who possessed an intense faith in God and the life beyond. In the long run no life was so fruitful as the life of sacrifice and the life spent in the service of God.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

There was a smaller attendance than usual at the meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A. Society on Sunday. Mr. C. Cotton presided and briefly addressed the meeting. An address was delivered by Mr. Wharton, of Manchester, based on the text "Lord what is man?" If they analysed the human body he said, they would find it to consist of like elements to the sun and stars ; every man, in fact, was a little universe in himself. In one sense man was the noblest object in creation; formed in the likeness of God and glorious in the range of his faculties and the height of his aspirations. Man had an inheritance, qualifying for companionship not only with angels but with God him- self. With such great po.sibilities before them, the speaker asked his hearers to be inspited with nobler ambition and to rise to full manhood, living lives worthy of their high calling. Miss Lucy Travis very sweetly sang as a solo the hymn "Home at last; thy labour done."—Mr. B. Farrar, the hon. secretary, appealed for a generous collection, on behalf of the Benevolent Fund, on which there had been many calls of late.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Workingmen's Mission, Bank Quay.

The Sunday School Anniversary sermons were held on Sunday, the preacher for the day being the Rev. W. A. Jones, of Didsbury College. In the morning he gave a very instructive address to the children on "Our hands and their uses," and also delivered a powerful sermon. In the evening before acrowded congregation, an excel- lent discourse was given from the text" For this pur- pose the Son of God was manifested that he might des- troy the works of the devil "(Ist Ep : John, 3 ch : 8v). A service of song entitled "Nimble Nat" (A Temperance Story) was given in the afternoon by the children and choir, the duties of reader being efficiently discharged by Mrs. R. Garnett of Penketh. The soloists were Miss G. Roberts, Miss E. Dunn and Master Tom Tanner. A quartet was also contributed by Miss H. Oakley, Mrs. F. Gray and Messrs. S. Jones and S. Millington. The singing of the children and choir throughout the day won high praise from all who heard them, the preacher specially commending them for their effort. Mr. F. Owen presided at the organ, and Mr. F. Atkinson under- took the duties of conductor. The collections amounted to £l2 Os. Bd.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING COLLIERY ACCIDENT AT HAYDOCK.

Inquest and Verdict.

The inquest on Patrick Holmes, single, aged twenty- one, of 236, Blackbrook-road, Haydock, who was killed on Friday morning at the Princess Pit, belonging to Messrs. R. Evans and Co., Haydock, was held at the Waggon Hotel on Monday night. Mr. Brighouse read the report of the accident, and said that Holmes was employed to hook on and receive boxes at the bottom of a steep jig brow. A lad named Joht, Roberts,aged sixteen, was sent to help him. About half-past eight in the morning the two got nine empty boxes together, and Roberts coupled them all up and told Holmes that he had fastened the journey to the motion rope,ready for them to go up the brow. Roberts then signalled to Carmichml, the man at the jig-wheel at the top of the brow, and he removed the scotches from the wheels of eight full boxes standing at the top of the brow, and they rushed down and killed deceased. The empty boxes apparently had not been hooked to the boxes. The Coroner said Mr. Matthews, the Government inspector, had written to him stating that he had made experiments, and could not see how the jig rope could have got loose from the boxes if the hook had been properly put on the box. The only thing he could suggest was that the management should have a manhole or refuge, where the men could safely stand all the time the journeys were in motion.—John Roberts, aged sixteen, of 61, Station road, Haydock, said he had worked in a Darwen mine drawing coal, but Friday was only his second day at Haydock. He was certain that he put the hook of the haulage rope on to the ring of the first box. He had no doubt about it, but the haul- age rope went up by itself,and although witness shouted for the jigger man to stop, the full boxes all over the place, and jammed deceased's head against a prop, splitting it in two.—ln answer to Mr. W. Hutchen, who appeared for the relatives, witness said deceased usually went with him to the rope to see that it was properly fastened,but he was not clear that he did on this occasion John Cawfield, the fireman, said he showed Roberts how to do his work, and put three journeys on before he left him. If witness had been working in Holmes's place he would not have trusted to a strange lad to see that the boxes were hooked on. He told Holmes to go with the lad every time, and see that he hooked it on properly.— The Coroner said he was afraid they must conclude that Roberts did not couple the boxes on to the rope. It looked as if he had forgotten, because Mr. Matthews did not think it possible for the chain to come loose.— The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death," and exonerated everybody from blame.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

WIDNES ESTIMATES.

The estimates for the year were presented at the Widnes Town Council meeting on Tuesday. They are as follow :—Highway Committee, £3,516 (increase £18) ; Health Committee, £6,061 (increase £190); General Purposes Committee, £2Ol (increase £3.1); Park and Cemetery Committee, £1,415 (decrease £1) : and Finance Committee, £6,150 (increase £1,783).

SUDDEN DEATHS AT WIDNES. Mary Ellen Wormll, aged forty-nine, wife of William Worrall, Barn-street, Widnes, died in a cab on Sunday evening. She had been in the Shaw-strePt Hospital, and was coming home with some friends. She became ill, and was taken to Dr. M'Lennan, who pronounced life extinct.—Griffen Roberts, aged fifty-five, residing in Major Cross-street, Widnes, expired with alarming suddenness on Saturday night or in the early hours of Sunday morning. At 11.30 he ate a hearty supper of oxtail soup. and retired to bed with his wife. Mrs. Roberts tried to awaken him at 9.30 on Sunday morn- ing. On looking at his face she nottced something wrong, and on getting out of bed found that her husband had expired in the night. WIDNES MAGISTRATES AND THE PRICE OF BEER.

During the progress of the Widnes Police Co-uit--,--on Monday, the magistrates adjourned to consider a letter from the secretary of the Widnes and District Licensed Victuallers' Association regarding the prices submitted by them, and adopted by the magistrates at the last brewster sessions. In it there was a complaint respect- ing licensees who were not at present adhering to the prices, and thus injuring those who were follow- ing the rules from the outset. The. magistrates, after a long discussion, adjourned the bearing: This is a very important matter, and one that is causing much friction amongst the publicans of the town.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
The Original CoeOft., and a Speciality,

E ...e......, ~.,Ave. ymt.o. n --11110 - -1" '' .-.9 ,•-0 .: ''' ' • 4.4,40, t. •,,• k. •• ;=4. • • . ' - 'y " ••....4-Jj• ' • ' '-;'-ilt:,

being distinguished from all others by its invigorating nutritious qualities and its delicious flavour. This Cocoa, con- taining as it does all the substance of the Cocoa Nib, maintains its leading position after three-quarters of a Century as

===== 0002601_19040514_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
C .. . . 4 ' ORIP ' • 4 40, i I ../ ' . ::• . . '''' .....: ''''' ~....,--,.4 . .i.

the best form of Cocoa for every-clay use.

MR. GROSFIELD ADDRESSES LIBERAL WORKERS.

THE LAST OF THE SERIES OF WARD MEETINGS.

The Liberal Cancliclature at the Next Election.

Mr. Arthur H. Crosfleld completed his itinerary of the wards on Saturday when the last of the series of ward committee meetings was held. All the Liberal ward committees have now met and appointed their officers. A joint meeting of the Bewsey and Orford Ward Committees was held at the Liberal Club on Saturday. Tea was served, the catering being under- taken hy Mr. Councillor James Evans. An adjournment was afterwards made by the two committees to separate rooms. After the usual business had been transacted, a meeting was heal in the Reading Room, when addresses were delivered by Mr. Crosfield and Mi. C. E. Parker. Mr. Councillor A. PEICOCK was voted to the chair and in the course of his introductory remarks, said that at the meeting earlier that evening they had elected their officers and committee, and everything had gone off in the most satisfactory manner. (Hear, hear.) They had decided to make another addition to their pro- gramme, as they were thinking of holding meetings in the club every month or six weeks to discuss political or municipal matters or whatever might be "on the carpet " at the time. Members would be invited to bring forward any subject they thought fit for discus- sion, so that they might improve themselves on all matters, especially thase affecting Liberal principles. (Applause.) MR. CROSPIELD ROVIEWS THE SITUATION. Mr. A. H. CROSFEELD, who had a hearty reception, said :—I have delivered a good rnanyspeeches lately,and. I don't want to frighten you by pulling out this big bundle of extracts from my pocket, but I am very glad indeed to have the pleasure of speaking to a meeting like this because it is pleasant when you know you are talking amongst friends. (Cheers). This,' suppose,will be about the last meeting we shallhave this political season. 11 will not attempt to make a resum4 of all that we have I done this last autumn and winter,but looking back over this last few months I think we may fairly say that we have made good progress, and that the prospects of our party are brighter than they have been in Warrington for a very long time past. (Hear,hear). There wasa time when one often heard it said that there , was a lack of political educ,ation,and that there was not enough public speaking and political instruction given by the Liberals in Warrington. (Hear, hear.) Well, that is a very serious matter, and I am afraid that some time back there may have been some ground for the complaint. But I would respectfully put it to you that if you take the last autumn and the last winter there has been no room for any more complaints of that kind. (Hear, hear.) You have had from the pen of our President many letters on important subjects as they have arisen, letters that have been edifying, full of information and going to the very root of these subjects. Then we have had several admirable addresses delivered to us, such as the statesmanlike speech by Lord Crewe—(cheers)—and those able and powerful addresses with which from time to time we are favoured by Mr. Broadhurst—(cheers),— and last, but by no means least, we have had several mostimportant and most inspiring addresses from our friend Mr. Howes. (Renewed cheers.) I really think that apart from the eloquence and power that you get from both Mr. Broadhurst and Mr. Howes—although my recollection goes back to the early 80's—I must say I have not heard humour on a Warrington platform that is equal to what we have had from these gentle:net., and I don't think you could get it unless you went back to the days of dear old Mr. McMinnies himself. (Cheers.)

===== 0002601_19040514_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
A TALE WITH AN ANALOGY.

One of my earliest recollections is the tale he told, which I am sure a good many here will not have for- gotten, of those two chaps from Oldham who went to South Africa to gget lion cubs for their sweethearts. (Laughter.) When they got to the cave and saw the lioness walking away from it, Bill said to Tom, "Do thee go in and get those cubs and I'll keep watch." So Tom went into the cave to get the cubs. And then to the horror and consternation of his friend Bill, who was outside, the lioness suddenly turned round and went back to the cave. Bill, not knowing what to do, but anxious to save his friend, rushed up and seized the lioness by the tail as she was entering the cave, and then planting his left foot on one side and his right foot on the other side of the cave held on like grim death. (Laughter.) Tom, who was busy with the cubs, didn't see this, but he called out to his mate, " Bill, wots dark'nin' th' leet ? " " Thou'lt know wots darienip' th' leet," said Bill," if tail breaks." (Loud laughter.) I don't think since that immortal tale was told by Mr. McMinnies, that we have had anything better than some of the tales we have had from Mr. Broadhurst and Mr. 'Howes. lam not sure whether there is not some analogy between that tale of Mr. McMinnies, and the present state of affairs, if you compare the flimsy hold that the Government has upon the country to that lioness's tail—(laughter)—and the destruction that threatened poor Tom, with the awful day of reckoning which is in store for this misguided Government. (Cheers and laughter.) What I have asked at other meetines, and what I venture to ask this meet- ingis,whether Warrington.after a long reign of Toryism does not consider it is quite time for us to take a share in the work that is going to be done throughout the country. (Cheers.)

===== 0002601_19040514_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE TRADE.

Looking back over the subjects that we have dis- cussed in the press and on the platform pretty thoroughly this last season. first and foremost comes Free Trade. (Hear, hear.) This is certain to be the chief issue at the next election—this great question whether we are t 3 stick to Free Trade and cheap food, or whether we are to be humbugged and mystified with the old played out fallacies of Protection. Cheers.) ,And there is some danger in Warrington of this taking place because interested manufacturers have been making strong. appeals to their workpeople in favour of Protection And in these appeals they have been careful to refer to the ten per cent tax on imported manufactured articles,while leaving in the background the concomitant duty thAt will have to be put upon food for this very good reason, that the Tory party will never stand ta..ation of manufactured goods unless the great agricultural interest, which is the back-b4ne of that party, is similarly treated. (Hear, hear.) I want you to remember that the home trade is about eight times as great as our export trade, and that .if you diminish the purchasing power of every sovereign, and make it worth only 17s. ad. you are going to decrease the de- mand for manufactures, which nitians decreased demand for labour. (Hear, hear.) , The question may be com- plex in some respects. but we must bear well in mind the very simple issue I have put before you, and vote very straight upon that issue when the time comes. (Cheers.)

===== 0002601_19040514_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION.

Another very important question which will affect the next election is of course education, and I am sure you all respect as I .do the candid and cogent reasoning of the letters which have been written by Mr. Charles E. Parker upon that subject. (Hear, hear.) The other day a friend of mine gave a dinner in London in honour of the Speaker of the House of Commons. I had the privilege of attend- ing, and a very interesting dinner it was. All shades of- political opinion were represented, Free Traders, Pro tectionists, Irish Members and so on. I had the pleasur of sitting next to Major Rasch, and he was telling me of a trip he paid to Russia not long since. While he was in St. Petersburg a friend suggested that he should visit certain places there. Major Ra.sch could not remember the names and asked his friend to write them down so that he could give them to the coachman. "Do you suppose," replied his friend "there is one coachman in St. Petersburg to-day, who can either read or write !" Is not that significant? (Hear, hear.) Does not this little story illustrate so well the procrress that is being made by some nations, and the retrograde position of others ; and it struck me too, as it may strike you, how much such a nation is handicapped if it comes to the grips with another that is go-ahead and enterprising, like the Japanese who put education in the forefrodt of their national work. (Hear, hear.)

===== 0002601_19040514_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADE UNIONISM.

1 In our discussions we have also dealt with another matter of great and vital importance indirectly to every workingman, and directly to every Trade Unionist,—l ' refer to the Taff Vale decision. (Cheers.) On this sub- ject I believe there is absolute unanimity lathe Liberal Party—(cheers)—and that is one of the healthiest and I most encouraging signs in the present position. It must honestly appeal to every workingman in Warring- ton to see that the right of combination possessed by all employers, is safeguarded and confirmed for the employ4s who require what is so absolutely just, a..d that is equality before the law. (Loud cheers.) With such a position on such a matter I think we Liberals who have had an uphill battle to fight for many a year in Warrington, and those of us who have taken a leading and responsible position in the party, may very well appeal to trade unionists to give us a very strong and determined backing on a question of that kind. (Cheers.) I will just refer for one moment to what John Morley said the other day. He said "Those people must be very blind indeed who do not recognise that now the country is waking up; now that these Jingo mists which have been so illusory are clearing away, labour is going to take a much stronger and much more prominent part in this country's affairs than it has done hitherto." (Hear, hear.) I for one welcome the fact that labour is going to do so. (Cheers.) What makes one look forward with the more confidence and zeal towards the political work ahead of us in the future is the very fact that such admirable men have been chosen as Labour candidates, and that for the most part they show such good judgment and staunch fidelity to sound Liberal principles in giving a lead to the democracy. We may well say of such men that they realise and put "Beinto praotice John Bright's memorable aphorism, moderate in your strength, and strong in your modera- tion." (Hear, hear.) THE LIBERAL CANDIDATURE OF WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
.. I do not want to-night to obtrude myself in any way, but perhaps you will allow me to saw here—without thinking me egotistical—what I said nearly twelve

===== 0002601_19040514_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS

SERIOUS COLLIERY ACCIDENTS, John Garner, of Park-street, Haydock, was killed on Tuesday at the Queen's Pit, belonging to Messrs. Evll, and Co. Garner, who was fifty-one years of age, an" single man, was engaged, along with John Cunliffe,age thirty-eight, of New Boston Cottages, and Williaing Hall, of Clipsley-lane, in mending the roadway. Oil:. had set some props and bars, and were sitting down ing supper in the works, when suddenly the place on them. Garner was dead when got out, and Cunt'? was seriously hurt about the head. He was removed °5 the Cottage Hospital.—By an accident at Messrs. E waris,,„ Southport Pit, Parr, three men were injured. Jesci Bagley, aged twenty-one, of Station-road, Haydock, I consequence, lies in the Haydock Cottage Hospital i? critical cond:tion suffering from injuries to , the go caused by being knocked down by boxes in the pit.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Presentation at the Workingmen's Mission

Schoolroom. - On Monday evening a social gathering was held iu the Workingmen's Mission schoolroom to do honour, to Mr. A. Tilling, jun., and Mr. John Hassall, who hat:, performed invaluable services in connection with th_ erection of the new chapel, Mr. Tilling in the capacitz of General Secretary and Mr. Hassall as Clerk 01 Works. About 80 sat down to tea, and a most euil able time was spent. In the absence of Mrs. Crosfiel ' Captain George Crosfield presided, and in presentiug Mr. Tilling with a handsome oak secretaire and *t", Hussall with a beautiful marble timnpiece, made std, able reference to the unceasing efforts both gentle°tel. had put forth to bring their respective works to a sue; cessful issue. In accepting the presents the partie expressed their appreciation of the kindness shevf°' and, as is only natural with good men, tried to dePtcr ciate the value of the good work they had done. Song: were rendered by Messrs. Hassan and Millington, latter also joining in a quartette with Miss OakleY' Mrs. F. Gray and Mr. W. Taylor. The Misses Vat3e4 Mr. L. Edwards and Mr. H. Vane also contribute, instrumental selections, which were highly appreciute,"; The usual votes of thanks and the singing of Doxology terminated the meeting.

RUNCORN MAY FESTIVAL. The first May Queen celebration at Runcorn place on Saturday, and was carried out with g;l7-ig elaboration. The procession through the streets %.13"1, very interesting. The Queen, Miss Frances Shaw, was charmingly attired, and was in a carriago drawn by four grey horses with postilions. There sce_th five bands in the procession, which was of great len,ghe and included numerous tableaux of much beauty. Queen was enthroned wits great ceremony on the /0' ball fi3ld, and crowned by Mrs. Congreve, of Moore.

FOOTBALL CHANGES. Andy Limond, ca.pulin of the Earlestown tea: together with Len Mills, right and centre hll,l/,00 respectively of Earlestown, have signed for Asu'L.4 Town; and George Roberts, Earlestewn inside left, transferred his his abilities to St. Helens Recreation.

Ei d',• •PO n ornt

with the Makers" says Health, "and the secret of its universal popularity is the ABSOLUTE PURITY of . .

.. . ettijv •-:* a te. ,

It possesses in a remarkable degree those natural elements of sustenance which give the system endurance and hardi- hood, building up muscle and bodily vigour with a steady action, that renders it a most reliable beverage.

The "MEDICAL ANNUAL" says:

"CADBURY'S is a perfectly pure Cocoa of the highest quality." A delicioua refreshing

" A perfect feed."

Cadbury's COCOA Absolutely Pure therefore Best.

N 1.4 ~Iw , i :

===== 0002601_19040514_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
114.

_ _ -

MAGNIFICE'N'T CASES- TO FIGHT FOR.

This me-e-Cin-g-, as I have said already, is the last of the series of ward meetings we have been holding. During this last Autumn and Winter we have covered a good deal of political ground. (Hear, hear.) We do not know when we are going to be in the thick of the battle again, but we do feel that we shall go as one man when the fight does come. (Hear, hear and a voice: "I hope so.") We have half a dozen magni- ficent causes , to fight for, any one of which is good enough to rally, us together and make us put our backs into the work. (fur case is over- whelming, we have justice on our side—(hear, hear)— and we are fighting to give the people of this country opportunities to rise higher and higher in the scale of civilised life. (Cheers.) There is nothing to deter us in the impending conflict. We have grand causes to strive for and inspire us; the work before us is as fine a work as any Crusader in the old days ever undertook, and we only want the thoughtful citizens of our town to put their energy into the work to secure victory. (Cheers.) We want men in every workshop and every factory to help us, to study the letters our President writes to attend to the utterances of the public then who have been down to help us, and who are coming down again, for we have not done yet--(hear, hear)—and to use their influence to further the cause of Progress. (Hear, hear.) The questions for which we are fighting are not mere academic abstractions, but the real issues that affect your own lives and the lives of your own households. With that help we can be confident of the result when the time comes. (Hear, hear). In conclusion, let me say, as I have said to the other Cap- tains of the wards whom I have addressed at these meetings, that it is a great pleasure to me to come into touch with those stalwarts of our party who have held together through the most trying time Liberals have ever known in the recollection of any living man, and that is during the War fever of 1900. (Hear, hear). It is a great privilege to meet men who have shown such fidelity to their principles. (Hear, hear). I cannot drink a toast to you, but I will propose one and that is "Long happiness." I wish you all that in your own privat lives, and whether I continue to play an active part in Warrington politics or not, I do trust every one here will do his best, as I shall to, as John Morley so grandly puts it, "help to swell the tide of opinion, on the force and set of whose current depends the success- ful voyaging of humanity. (Loud cheers.) Mr. C. E. PA.RICOR said they must recognise that the impending conflict was going to be a soldiers' battle, and if the battle was going to be won, it would not be won by the officers but by the rank and file. (Hear, hear.) He supposed they held somewhat supporting views to Mr. Crosfleld in the admirable address he had given them, and he was sure they were glad to recog- nise the increasing force and power of Mr. Crosfleld's addresses. This augured well for the future. In his admirable address Mr.Crosfield had referred in a far too complimentary way to the few letters that he (Mr. Parker) had written to the Warrington press. He wrote several on the subject of education because it was a subject in which he was deeply interested, and whatever new question came to the front, and whatever blunders the Government Commit d, this important question of education must not be lost sight of. They must lay it down as a cardinal principle that inasmuch as the education of the people had been taken over by the people, that the people should have control of that education. ((fear' hear.) It followed from that principle that there should be no bar to their children entering the teaching profession, and becoming in so doing, servants of the State, providing they were educationally fit and competent. (Hear, hear.) He wrote also several letters upon the fiscal question. It was a sabject he had taken a very deep interest in. not lately only, but all through his life. He had studied the question very closely and he had come to the con- clusion long ago' which was confirmed by recent study and inquiry that the Free Trade principle was undoubtedly the best for the country and especially for the general body of the people. (Hear, hear). His wife had had a joke against him for two or three months. When the sugar bounty was abolished, the removal of which practically took away the advantage we got in sugar, whereby foreign countries gave us a present of about one halfpenny a pound—he thought he would follow up his convictions and he bought two or three cwts of sugar, with the idea that the price of sugar was sure to go up. They stored the suer away in the attic and his wife had been laughing at him ever since because the price had not gone up. Fortunately for him the laugh was now turned against her, for he saw from to-day's news- papers that the grocers had met together, and from the fact that they Were making no profit on the sale of sugar, they had decided to put the price up one farthing a pound. fie could no

see how that farthing would be regulated in the salt% of sugar, because a farthing was not a current coin witf us. The probability was, as it generally was in cases? that kind, that poor people who bought stnall quarl„t). ties, would have to pay an additional halfpenny* Howes told them at a meeting held in Friars drool' schoolroom how the extra duty on tea of twopence Pr lb. would be the means of increasing the price of tea te the poor by fivepence per lb. Instead of poor people being able to get a one ounce packet of tea for a peefl! they would in future only get of an ounce for a peeeY and that would mean a loss to them equal to sd. per lb. He thought arguments of this sort would come honle to the people much more directly than letters in the newspapers. (Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Parker) wrote several letters about the South African question and he was very plad to recognise, as they all must have done, the very earnest and convincing ring that there was about Mr. Crosfield's advocacy of this question. (fle3r hear.) We were beginning to see what the real motive' of the capitalists in South Africa were in desiring' Chinese labour. There were two extracts in his (.14r. Parker's) letters, and which Mr. Howes referred to that other night, in which he showed how two directors ~tel one of the important companies of the Rand, gave,:, their reason for objecting to the employment of whites labour in the mines,that the political power which theyba' at present in the Transvaal would passifrom them by the exercise of the vote into the hands of the white labonrera (Hear, hear.) That had been, and was still one of tb! strongest reasons—and they acknowledged it themselve' —of objecting to the employment of white men. (Elelt hear). It was unnecessary.for him to go further. had been a very pleasing thing for him to attend the various meetings they had had. He would like to saY one word about Mr. Crosfield's position in regard a' their association and in rdgard to the Liberal candidature of this town. He thought they all recognised that the/ were under an obligation to Mr. Crosfield for the Poel" tion that he had taken. While Mr. Crosfield would be, as he had told them, very proud to fight their battle had all along said that if a better man could be brought' forward he was willing to step aside an I give all his influence and strength to backing that leis But he (Mr. Parker) felt—and he thought theYo would also feel—that the time was coming Wheli they should not allow Mr. Crosfield to be placed nlue , longer in an indefinite position. The time was coin% ' when it was desirable that the executive should tam' action in the matter to put Mr. Crosfield in a LW! I definite position. He should not like, when the 01147 came, to press the claims of Mr. Crosfield. That gun be left entirely for the Association to decide, but if "" might express his own opinion, he should like to slisr that as he had got to know Mr. Crosfield more intimate during the last twelve months' his opinion of him ha.. been considerably heightened and if the Associatioii decided to ask Mr. Crosfield to become their candidate they would have in him a man, whom everyone of the, would have reason to b 3 proud and have reason to thre" themselves with energy into the work. (Applause.) .4.. A NUMBER : We have no other man who can will 1" He will win this next time. (Applause.) Mr. PARKER.: I think he will. (Hear, hear.) Coe; tinning he said their friend had just put one though,: into his head and it must be a closing one. In tht:ci fight they must go in to win. (Elear,hear.) If they h t that intention before thorn, and put forward all thiL was in their power to accomplish it, then he was certai" I that Warrington could be won for Liberalism. (Alr plause.) Mr. Parker then proposed a vote of thanks Le I the Chairman. Mr. Councillor WILKINSON seconded and the reseW tion was carried. The CHAIRMAN, in acknowledging the complimeet: said there were many encouraging signs in connectie' with Mr.Crosfleld's candidature. Only the other daY„11! was told bya Conservative that he intended to vote le' Crosfield on the next occasion. "What has Mr. ritero point done for us ?" asked this Conservative. 14. never does anything for us. He is merely an ornartee" A man like Crosfield will certainly do somethiak (Hear, hear.) When they heard such remarks fro' Conservative they were very encouraging. (Hear,hear).

===== 0002601_19040514_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
.___

rREE

11R (

I wai 4„MPoss unlon a on supp, 1411, bt Ivorking this eB, daringr classes neeessai tnaild thr Fse4 ° careas( about a

===== 0002601_19040514_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
EE PROTECTING THE CHILDREN. TRADE AND FREE LABOUR

CHAMBERLAIN'S FALLACIES. I THE WORK OF THE WARRINGTON BRANCH OF THE N.S.P.C.C.

OSREPRESENTATION OF LABOUR

1 I want You to bear in mind.that it is absolutely ultnPloonssisibnle to reconcile Free Trade with Trade- aos above words were spoken by .Mr. p 0,11311 Chamberlain at a meeting at Liver- -01-1 October 97th last year. The meeting en 81113130secl o have been attended by working vo, but none of the known leaders of the %irking men were present. In the course of da,3. sPesch Mr. Chamberlain made a very tb;111g attemrt to convince the working te:s" of the country that Free Trade was atesarilY antagonistic to Trade-Unionism, „ Bethat the Anti-Corn Law League was coin- Feered. of manufacturers who believed that. a abow.ase in the .price of bread would bring a fall in the standard of wages.

bSoJutey Powerless. AT +1 Chah,,‘ile beginning of his campaign Mr. to "eylain recognised the difficulties he had to be.° lu tryincr to attract the working classes standarCl. "If I don't convince the flg classes," he said, "I am absolutely tee•feriess. 77 Against that candid admission tin!lad to record the fact that the Trades- gl I.en Congress had passed • a resolution lm st him. But Mr. Chamberlain would hyvteisus believe that he was in no way daunted 'the ;lis• His reply is to insinuate that the Ire:iiTs-llnion Congress does not represent the 'tong classes. Said he: rjhere are many trusted leaders of the working ven, both of Trade Unions and of other organisa- who do not share tip.. view of the Trades- th Congress ; and, therefore, I appeal against at;t° You, against the officials to the men who A --"-ited them and gave them their power. 4%11 th ket at need be said in reply to that state- hot tis that the Trades-Union Congress is loe a Congress of officials, but of the very to TV° when' Mr. Chamberlain was supposed oft •e appealing,—the men who appointed and gave them power. The Congress aoWesents every trade union in the country; ofte every union is represented not by its verters -hut hy men who come direct from the kr-"81,1°P, the factory, or the mine. When ~., cleei namberlain ventures to appeal from the vertillo,ll of these men he is appealing from the of the very pick of the nation's work- that by this time he may realise 14 appeal has been "absolutely hopeless." 'The w Missing Leaders. Per have never yet been informed as to the uality and authority of the "many trusted arid( el's of the working classes of trade unions, the 2ther organisations" who do not share the .o",erys of the Trades-Union Congress upon laih'isoal question. We wish Mr. Chamber- lea-1 would produce his Protectionist Labour to ILers! Has Mr. Chamberlain been duped as 116. tion „r existence, or are they such excep- the 4,11 Y modest men that they have avoided 1a fierce light which beats upon Mr. Chamber-. .41;1,s platforms ? Do the dukes and earls, pla landlords and ladies who crowd those high %tees frighten the Labour leaders away ? If Th, where does Mr. Chamberlain put them? thee Public has been maxiously waiting to see theill,,; but has waited in vain. It is true that a a:ariff Reform League Commission has held atrel'et gathering of workmen, which was 114eh'Itjed by an unknown number of persons in vi.ho-"Kuown place upon an unknown date, MG port- Were declared to be influential and im- io Trade Unionists! Their enthusiasm to f'DPort of Mr. Chamberlain's scheme seems %in,,,lare been as marked as the mystery which to -131111ded all their -movements. It is useless part?bi Pieal to Mr. Chamberlain to give any qlirrili rears_resTecting his Lahour leaders; any specting his Commission only rouses cio „anger and indignation. If anybody bii:!4()ns the names or character of his Com- Noners, he is immediately asked whether fonqUostions the honour and integrity of their ao,r, ! That reply is not very conclusive, tio, ln the absence of more specific informa- h,-; 'People will come to the conclusion that oo,4llf:Jrniation can be given because there is to give. Yet Mr. Chamberlain, who at tj PreFont moment is almost savagely sensi- to any charge of misrepresentation, has n i ev',. scrupled to insinuate, without a scrap of 13 k ee, that the Trades-Union Congress, n o?ollZsiug his schemes, did not represent the Veers. He has had nearly six months in leh to produce the workers whom it did not Nilresent, and we are as far off knowing their Ilies and organisations as over.

liS reAresentati -on. wRS obvious that Mr. Chamberlain's only e:4 for appealing to the workmen of Great eetain against their representatives was on grcrunds i that the views of the workers were tat repre E'ented at the Trades-Union Congress. itc is still more obvious that these charges of t,:srePresentation, from the very nature of the Its:: are -absolutely void of any foundation. 4 re "Pild he far more truthful to say that the 1313.11 ts of the last two elections did not repro- the public opinion of Greatßritain. From 11113'srepresentation of the Labour leaders and ItTiaeur organisations of. to-day it was an easy " p natural step for Mr. Chamberlain to ro% the ed to misrepresent the Labour leaders of L'aSt cent-um What were the views of the %tkcinen in theAnti-Corn Laws days? Mr. *earaherlain has tried to represent that they te clbitterly antagonistic to the Free-Trade ttieveTheilt- Said he, to the so-called working 11-of Liverpool.: 1-1,4 t that time the working classes declared, a--„reußh the;r leaders, that the thing was only atlrPtrpt to draw a rd herring across the path, ata,t 't wa= ft ” In, benefit of the manufacturers, 1u that M'a nit wi id abe for the advantage of the en. ke,-3°ltly vestige of truth in the above state- lehl is found in the fact that the Labour Of Ler3 'Of those days, like the Labour leaders Isrt7,l;,;carn time, did not, and do not, accept 'rode as a panacea for all the evils from tbe nation suffers. Mr. Chamberlain le() Pl'oba.blY forgotten the massacre Of Peter- /4 when the workin,g men and women of ehe'e4silire were shot down for demanding lithl bread. He has ignored the fact that 3 and thousands of workmen who were al4o'—'ated with the Chartist movement were I,lThinhers of the Anti-Corn Law League. .seized hold of the incident that Trttrte demand something more than Free Proi e to insinuate that they supported tiai„"Con. He might with equal justice ior Lis schemes the support of our 1..ib:,t1,1 Socialists, on the grounds that the keeiai Party is not sufficiently advanced to 4,14 their views. But with all these clever kr.teeVesentations of labour, past and present, 140, 'en-lherlain has failed to produce a single veili4lr leafier, past or present, who was, or tiO4 le, a supporter of Protection. The clues- *. 'le has to answer is not whether they are, content with Free Trade, but did Art„)). ever express their agreement with .deetion. e -

II ~...LIDERAL MEETING AT WIDNES. . -10er. -'• Wad Deacon resided over a meeting of ‘,....T ti;"l!ibli,:_6 I,,yaidnes on Tuesday evening, when Sir :John t veyCandidate for the Widnes fthZki°,ll", ea'aCji I\i, prospective organising secretary of :4411.-"cletl Club rand eax-.M.P. 'for Sheffield. addressed a ;Verr'LePresentative Liberal gathering.—Mr. Maddison Kult 1,7„' to tariff wars and quoted the ruinous effects of b,-411(1, i-hrwith France Lid Italy and Franco and Switzer- -41%13 IZswselli.chTthhe countries involved had suffered worstenor- features of these wars was the ti in many cases never came back at all. Me 4triresvi°ll°f trade it itcaused, which took many years to f1°11.114,,e,.' all ""tlve 1,-„set' that retaliation at the hands of the present r -"ent would simply be commercial suicide.

Mr. William Long, J.P., presided at the annual meeting of the Warrington branch of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children which was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall on Thursday afternoon. There was a good attendance, including Miss England, of the Central Office of the Society, the Revs. Canon Willis and John Yonge,Messrs. W. H. J. Jenkins, A. 11. Lee, J. D. Buckton, McGregor, and W. D. Jeans, jun. (hon. sec.), and many ladies who interest themselves in the society's work. The Hon. Secretary announced the receipt of letters of apology for non-attendance from the president (Sir Gilbert Greenall), the Mayor, Mr. Coxon, and others. It was intimated that Sir Gilbert and Lady Greenall wottld be willing to again act in any offices to which they might be nominated.

THE YEAR'S WORK.

The twelfth annual report was presented by the SECRETARY as follows :—The committee have again to report a decrease in the number of cases dealt with in the district during the year ended 31st March 1904. The total number of cases investigated during this period was 284 affecting 867 children of whom 412.4 were boys and 443 were girls. In 236 cases warnings were given, 21 were prosecuted, 18 were dropped, and 9 were other- wise disposed of. The classification of cases was as follows :—Neglect,243; illtreatment. 20; causing to beg, 7; exposure, 6; immoral surroundings, 2; abandon- ment. 1; criminal assault, 1 ; other wrongs, 4. The prosecutions which took place as above stated in 21 cases had the followinc, results :—Eleven persons were sent to prison,2 were fined,l was bound over,and the cases against 12 persons were adjourned by the magis- trates, to eive themthe opportunity of making improve- ments- In most of these cases improvements resulted. No cases have been dismissed. 1566 supervision visits have been made during the year. There are at present upwards of 400 houses under the Inspector's supervision. This diminution in the number of cases has been caused in part by a further reduction in the area of the branch, a separate branch having been created in January last for the Widnes, Runcorn and Frodsham district. This relieves ourlnspector of a consider tble amount of work and will permit of his paying more attention to the colliery district north of the town which requires his attention very frequently. The reduction in the num- ber of cases in the Borough of Warrington is believed to be partly the result of the activity of the Sanitary Authorities in Warrington. There is now and has been for nearly two years a Lady Inspector who is exclusively employed in visiting the houses of the poorer class and our Inspector finds that she has suc- ceeded in bringing about a very general improvement. The Committee are pleased to be able to report a suc- cessful financial year. In spite of the loss of the bulk of the subscribers from the Widnes, Runcorn and Frod- sham district there is a surplus of £5B 12s. 7d., as against £54 14s. last year. The annual ball was again very successful d Mrs. Frost was able to band over from that sourc7 a sum of £4B 17s. 4d. to the Society's funds. The Committee take the opportunity of acknow- ledging their appreciation of Mrs. Frost's good services in this connection. Mass Broadbent has continued to take an active interest in the branch of the Children's League of Pity which has resulted inthe addition of £24 2s. Bd. to the funds. Inspector Hackett's assiduity to his work is maintained and the Committee are well satisfied with it. A note- worthy event during the year has been the passing. of the Act for regulating the employment of children and the issuing of bye-laws under that Act by the Corpora- tion regulating the employment of children in street trading. A considerable amount of work hitherto done by our Inspector in connection with children so employed will henceforth be done by the police. The police in all parts of the district have given the Inspec- tor every assistance and the Director of Education in Warrington the school officers and many of the school masters and mistresses have also given valuable help. There is considerable distress in the town and the Inspector will be glad to receive cast off clothing &c. for distribution among deserving cases. THE FINANCES.

It was reported that be total contributions to the funds of the branch during the year amounted to £265 10s. 5d., and after payment of expenses there was a balance of £5B 12s. 7d. to be devoted to the national work. Although the subscriptions had decreased some- what, largely owing to the formation of thenew branch, the amount to be handed over showed an increase, last year's contribution being £54 14s. The Secretary said economies had been effected in many ways, and as they had not had as many prosecutions as usual, their legal expenses were not so heavy. On the motion of the Rev. JOHN YONGE, seconded by Mr.W. H. J. JENKINS, the report and balance sheet were adopted.

ELECTIONS.

Sir Gilbert Greenall was re-elected presirlent,and the following vice-presidents were elected :—Lady Green- all, Mr. R. Pierpoint, M.P., Mr. A. H. Lee,and Mr. W. Long. The General Committee was re-elected, and the Executive Committee was appointed as follows :—Miss Appleton, Alderman Bennett, Miss Broadbent, Mr.J. D. Buckton, Mr. G. Dakin,Mr. Vere B. Davies, Mrs. James Fairclough, Mrs. Frost, Mr. and Mrs. Jackson Holmes, Mr. A: H. Lee, Mrs. Long, Mrs. McGregor, Miss Massy, Mrs.lfonro,Miss Morris,Mrs.H. Roberts,and Mr. Wilde.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
GRATIFYING FEATURES OF TUE WORK.

The CHAIRMAN alluded to the fact that in so many I eases warnings were given and;resulted in improvement. That was a very gratifying feature and showed the lines on which the committee and the Inspector had worked. Their object was to bring about moral improvement among the people, if possible without resorting to the law. They were also glad to notice that the sanitary authorities were much m orb active than they were before the institution of the society and that the ladyinspector was doing such a good work. After expressing pleasure at the increase in the sum to be handed over to the national institution, the chairman congratulated Miss Broadbent upon the result of her work in connection with the League of Pity, and also upon th fact that she had been able to take new and important public duties upon herself. They all heartily wished her success. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Long referred in felicitous terms to the services of Inspector Hackett, and said he did not think any association was blessed with a better man as inspector. Everybody seemed to be giving a helping hand to the society now, because as years went on they realized what a valuable work it was accomplishing. Mr. Long concluded by moving a resolution commending the society to the generous support of the public.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
ADDRESS:ON THE NATIONAL WORK.

MissIENGLAND then delivered an interesting address on the national work, and at the outset compli- mented the local branch upon the fact that in four years they had turned a deficit into a surplus. In emphasizing the great need for funds the pointed out that although the society had 1,000 branches, the whole of the country was not yet covered.ln some places the suffering of children went on unheeded because there was no branch' of the society. They wanted more funds from all the branches which were self-supporting, so as to enable them to plough up new ground. Having alluded to the varied character of the society's operations, Miss England said they had no desire to interfere between parent and child or with parental chastisement, but only to prevent wrong. She expressed regret at the break-down through overwork of the founder and director, the Rev. B. Waugh, and said she was sure they all hoped he would soon recover and be able to resume the work. If the public only knew the enormous amount of work that had to be done they would realize that the society was worthy of support. She hoped the Warrington branch would continue to prosper. They were doing splendidly and she would urge them to do their utmost in order that the finances might be in a still more satisfactory condition next year. (applause). The refiolution was carried. PROPOSED BAZAARS.

A IGtter was read from the Central Office stating that it was proposed to hold a series of bazaars with the object of raising ,E 50,000 to place the society in a sound financial position and make it possible to extend the organization over the whole of the population. The hope was expressed that the Warrington branch would take part in the movement, .and an appeal was made for practical sympathy to be extended at the earliest moment. A united effort of the whole of the existing organizations would, it was felt, ensure the success of the endeavour. The matter was referred to the Ladies 'Committee with Mrs. Monro as secretary. POOR CHILDREN'S SUMMER CAMP.

Opportunity was taken by Mr. A. H. LEE and Mr. W. H. J. JENKINS to call attention to the effort which is being made to again provide a summer camp for poor children. Mr. Jenkins said Lady McLaren had placed a, piece of land hear Prestatyn at the disposal of the corn- ittee, and it was in every way suitable for a camp. There was every facility for sea bathing and hundreds of acres of common land where the children might play to their hearts' content. It was hoped that the members of the society would support the movement. Votes of thanks were accorded to the Chairman, Miss England, and the Secretary.

A telegtam received in, New York from Manila says that several hundred red Moms ambushed Lieutenant Harker and 39 of the 17th Infantry on the Bth inst. at Simpatemi Minnanas. The Americans lost two officers and 15 men killed, and five men wounded. A woman giving evidence in a case at Wolverhampton on Wednesday said a policeman said to her mother, who was charged with being drunk, "If you want locking up my good woman, kindly go nearer the town, where there will be less trouble in taking you." A young baker's assistant named BransbY sent to prison for three months at Southwark on Wednesday for embezzling £9, was said to be anxious to get married and had taken the money in order to provide a home.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, May 14, 1904.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

WORKS COMPETITION

The following matches were played on Saturday, on the green at the King and Queen, Padgate-lane

~ HOUGHTON'S WIRE WORKS. PEARSON &KNOWLES NO3. W. Hill l5 H Dutton. G. Ellison l5 W Henshaw l4 W. Forster 111 John Taylor

A. R. Bellian Tom Harrison . 15 J. Bridge Jos. Harrison (captain) 15 R. Rose 4 James Harrison l5 R. Tilling 1 George Rutter N. Cook l5 W.H. Dutton (captain) 12 A. Cooper 5 B. Littlewood l5 S. Fletcher

168 Majority for Houghton's 72.

WHITE CROSS NETTING DEPT. THE WLIS 'S FILE WORKS. Chas. Crozier (capt.) l5 A. Lingard Geo. Hatton J. Mather l2 J. Thornley l5 A. Latimer J. Clough Fred Dean - ll R. Potter l5 W. Daintith l5 J. Dagnall sen l2 D. Davies l5 W Hadcroft 8 W.Cartwright l2 W. Molyneux C. Thomas l3 A. Molyneux J. Hewitt 7 A. Harper l5 _ _ _ .

J. Hatton 4 Geo. Baall (capt.)

138 142 Majority for Thewlis's File Works, 4. The following matches have been arranged for Satur- day :

....... . Vernon-street Tannery v. Rylands's No. 1. Referee, Mr. George Ball. London and North-Western Rail way v. Artingstall's Wire. Referee, Mr. Herman Williams. Cheshire Lines v. Firth Company. Referee, Mr George Holbrook.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON DISTRICT LEAGUE.

The following matches were played on Saturday afternoon :

BROOKLANDS v. LIBERAL CLUB.—Played OR the Lovely-hue green, the Brooklands team running out winners by the narrow margin of six points. Scores : BROOKLANDS. LIBERAL CLUB. I. Stockton 9 J. Parr R. Healey l5 J. Jennings R. Jefferson l5 R. Whitfield 7 W. Handles l5 W. Rooke G. Warburton 5 H. Williams l5 T. Shufflebottom _ _ __ _ __ _ _

. . . S. Hackney 6 J. Middleton W. Stevenson l5 A. Jones 9 T. Rigby (captain) W. Jones _

. _ R. Williamson l5 F. Rigby J. Hutchinson l5 .1 Sankey 3

HORSE AND JOCKEY V. PENKETH PARK.—On their own green, the Horse and Jockey team won by 83 points. Scores :

HORSE AND JOCKEY. PENKETH. T. Bretherton l5 J. Appleton l4 T. Davies l5 W. Goulden 9 G. Higham J. Bolton l5 J. Wareham 6 A. Scott _

T. Wells D.Daniels l3 A. Woods l5 _

T. Hackett W. Moss J. Hardman A. Sbelmerdine J. Holbrook l5 F. Swift 3

BULL'S HEAD AND CHAPEL HOUSE.—On the green of the former, the Bull's Head winning by 29 points. Score:--

BULL'S HEAD. CHAPEL HOUSE. R. Fairbrother S W. Ellison. J. Williams _

J. Worsley (sen) l3 J. Sparkes l5 A. Shaw l5 H. Houghton lO H. Fogg l5 J. Golden l4 E. Shaw l5 F T. Jefferson W. Summister S. Ball (sea) l5 W. Longmore 3 J. Worsley inn., J. Bird ' l5 J. Barton F.'Berry l5 R Beddard J. Swanton

CEMETERY HOTEL V. FEARNHEAD.—Here again the borne team won easily by 66 points. Scores :

CEMETERY. FEARNHEAD. J. Berry l5 H. Rondes H. Williams l5 R Mercer W. Hill J. Woods J. Allison G. Ball Joseph Harrison E. Taylor l5 J. Roberts 5

. .., . J. Forster lO W. J. Shack T. Ellison l5 B. Tomlinson T, Bridge T. Bolton

172 106 LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE ASSOCIATION.

FIRST ROUND.

The initial round of the county club championship, was opened on Saturday. Leigh -Railway, the holders, defeated Radcliffe by 226 to 201—majority 25; Prest- wich George scored over Wnitelleld by 203 to 195— majority 8; Stretford beat Harpurhey by 24; Didsbury defeated Irlam with a majority of 75. while Warrington succumbed to Cheetham Temple by 31. Pendleton, Ashton-on-Mersey, and Winnington had a walk over, and pass into the second round. The following were the scores in the Warrington match :

CHEETHAM TEMPLE.- WARRINGTON. C. Heaton l7 W. Gibson 2l W. T Harrison S. Jones W. Moss W. H. Walker 2l A. Stringer A. G. Smith 2l J. Ashton J. Dnggan W. Gregg 2l A. Templeton ............ 19 J. Wilson 2l C. Wells l9 W. Mills H. Jones J. Burgy

===== 0002601_19040514_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
RE-OPENING OF CROFT CHURCH.

After undergoing extensive alterations and redecora- tion, Christ Church, Croft, was re-opened on Wednesday evening when a special service was held. Thero was a crowded congregation, the Lord Bishop of Live/pool being the preacher. The clergy in attendance were the Revs. Cann Penrhyn, Canon Smith,W. Pollock Hill,W. l3racecamp, S. W. W. Kaye, W. Mayers, and H.J. Wade- son (vim); The Bishop based a powerful sermon on the words While they beheld, He was taken up and a cloud received Him out of their sight." Special music was rendered by the choir, Mr. Spencer presiding at the organ. The appearance of the church has been greatly im- proved by the alterations. The scheme was an elaborate one, including the taking out of the whole body of the church, replacing the old flag floor with wood blocks, the entire reseating of the public portion, a new pulpit and the redecoration. The whole of the benches and pulpit are executed in beautifully figured oak, slightly polished in its natural colour which forms a charmin g contrast to the delicate shade of pale greyish blue of the walls. The style chosen was the perpendicular period of Gothic. The benches have handsomely carved ends of a quiet graceful online tif a tracery design. The choir stalls are designed in keeping only as befits their position and. purpo3e, being more elabor- ate in their outline. The fronts are panelled with tracery. The pulpit is octagonal in shape, richly panelled and moulded, and standing upon an octagonal pedestal of Caen stone. The principal side is decorated with two spirited panels based on a "vine" mofit. The walls have bee./ delicately coloured in a pale .greyish blue, their only relief being a deep frieze running round the i church. The ornamentation in this case s based on the vine. _ _ _ _ _

The whole of the work has been carried out by Messrs. J. M. Greenhalgh and Co. and reflects the greatest credit upon the firm,

===== 0002601_19040514_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Police Court Mission.

On Tuesday evening a meeting of workers in con- nection with a proposed street collection to be held on Saturday, June 25th, was held in the Winmarleigh Cafe. 0:)uncillor Thornton presided. Through the kindness of the chairman, tea,coffee, and light refresh- ments were served. The Chairman commended the work of the mission, and the Rev. J. Hirst and Mr. Taylor also spoke, and arrangements were made for the collection. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Thornton for his hosnitalify and for presiding.

FAILURES IN ENGLAND AND WALES.—According to " Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the total number of failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, May 6th, was 192, viz. :—New Bank- ruptcy Proceedings published in the London Gazette, 95; deeds of arrangement registered, 97. The res- pective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were : Bankruptcies, 72 ; deeds of arrangement, 79 total 351; being a net increase in bankruptcies of 149, and a net increase in deeds of arrangement in 1904, to date, of 220.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
WALTHAM WATCHES.

BEST TIMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD.

DICNHISON'S. THE CITY Howls,

6, C EAMON, LONDON, B.C. SAND FOR PRICE LIST.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0103.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• 4`.1,4

===== 0002601_19040514_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
r,

.75.....„..'.-*,.. \ 1\ 1 • . 4•' ~* .A* r

===== 0002601_19040514_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
and Mangling Maahinail SAVE TIMB, SAVE LABOUR. and

SAVE THE CLOTHES. Writ* for Catalerue, 'est fres OH 01"11,411.0/8. THOMAS BRADFORD llk CO., 140, 141, and 142, HIGH HOLBORN, LONDON ; VICTORIA AviNVE, DEANSGATR, MANCHESTER; 130, Bc"-RAPTIIIIIIT, LIVERPOOL; CRESCENT IRON WORKS, SALTORA.

•'.' .? --., . , : ..;!..;..: , . . . , . . ~ , ~,s. , . , . . .., . .. , . .•, . • •• . . .. ~•.,,,,, -,. . ..... ~., 0 ..•,•,....„ , ..: . • A'T c NT: ..... . 41 D E-SPFON.Lii, • .( - . -.-••-•. .. ....:•, „•,..:4-, - , . .. fr. .. .., ~.. • ~ A , , • . • • ' Beautiful • ~.. • . , . Figure and .•-:•'. . ~ • • . , Improved . •,,•,.. Health ~.-,.... ~.. is ensured to wearers of this perfect corset. The .- '.. • latest model of a fashionable expert, :mato- .. matically constructed to give strong support and .. improvement to the figure. Ladies who use this ..:7 .., new model Corset say it is far and away the best ..'.. , ever manufactured. • . : The J.B. Corset is beautiful in construction .. ~ and unrivalled in style. , , , i ! PRICES 3 Ili to 108. Ohtainablo front the prin. .7 . • cipal brais.rs and I.,lles'tnittitte,,l•ut if any (lilt-lenity in pro..tiring, write for name of nearest agent. . I ~. .. resist ou having the .7.11. Sido'KPri. q Corset—The nest ' ...__ . , Important.—The wear of every J.E. Corset .. is absolutely guaranteed by tilel Sole . . ~ Manufacturer, ... • J. S. BLAIR, Great Ancoats Street, Manchester. . , .. . , ~ . ..

WASHING AT HOME., 11-12AD"RD'i "VOWEL xus" Waakin& VPlags&

,c-f'',4,,,,,,. ','. ~16-.. • ' -,,: tiF -- ~,, • i ,/,,4 ::1 I;J-....-.,-_, N -.1 4 .: )` ~j S 4) I ....

===== 0002601_19040514_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
EAV

.0 . FAIN,

ta • *6'll'

. , 44,

e 'a et "

i'l'i ~

tok

A

5;

I, • N• • .

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

a, . •• tr :•• t

• ; •

. • '" , .'• •". • ' ' ' •

===== 0002601_19040514_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
41. Te:p

Possess the followini qualities in a high degree They STPENGTHEIV the STOMAC7I They REGULATE the sows.Le They PURIFY and ENRICH the BLOOD They give TONE to the whole NERVOUS SYSTE n BEECHAM'S PlLLSmineral or metallic containori in buto dg are ponfrely vegetable, mild, --- beneficent and sure.

They will restore you to health if you give them a chance.

BEECHAM'S PILLS have ever enjoyed the coraDdonce of Ladies for the ailments peculiar to their sex.

Sold Everywhere in Boxes, price is. with full

Pd. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. (163 Pills), lirections.

"g* - • 4•• • • t „ sI ".I,f• • ot,as • • , t..wis„, ft:r . e • 07,9 t

===== 0002601_19040514_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE.

GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

AN INFALLIBLE REMEDY ! ! Breakfast Creek, Brisbane Queensland Dear Sir,—Some 15 years ago I had the misfortune be attacked with Rheumatic Gout. I tried nearly all the doctors here, but they did not do me much good. I saw your advertisement and obtained some of your pills, and I can assure you quickly got relief. When I feel any of the pains coming on, two or three pills gen- erally take them away. Many of my friends have used them, and all say they are an infallible remedy. For myself, I say there are none to equal them.

Yours truly S. L. HOWMAN. EADE'S GOUT PILLS

- . Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all in. jurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, is I,ld and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor IGEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London.

EUMATIC PILLS.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regilding A Speciality. Largest stoOlil of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN BCOK. 160 pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for tz Penny stamps. IMPORTER OF GLASS. GLASS STOCK LISTS FREE OD/APPLICATION.

_ H. MORELL, 177 18, CREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURYI f LONDON W.C. • . Warehouses : 11, 12:and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street, (in the rear). Telegraphic Address:—' Rabbitry, London." Telephone 6135 Central

THIC NSW FFIRIPOte RUMMY.

ICHERAPI_ON This successful and highly • popular remedy, as em- ployod in the Continental Hospitals by ttleord Hostart,Jobert Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots,blotches, pains and swelling of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary disease-strietur discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the back, rheumatisrn,gout sleeplessness.nervous and physical exhaustion,etc. Therapion Is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,?. and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. H. JOHNSON 43. HOLFORD-SQUARE.

=±1.44

===== 0002601_19040514_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No. 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used in the Royal Laundries. Should be used In every house. Once bled, always wanted, MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW ahe greatest boon ever offered to the Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish tostarchedLinen.Laceceto It does not stick to rpider-web-like material's Sold everywhere in Packets at Id., 3d.. and 6d.. each.

; ' kl%,‘ r

===== 0002601_19040514_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPARED ONLY BY

T. CRITCHLEY, Chetnist.4ll.7lelCßUßN 7, Whiter free, London, E.U.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- _ It" ;'

===== 0002601_19040514_art0113.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
77ns °hoe

===== 0002601_19040514_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
7.i.T.4.0d: • `-t1 •

===== 0002601_19040514_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
41:15?&P

===== 0002601_19040514_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
. . , • . TOWLE S . =. PILLS, --- I TO BE HAD OF ALL CHEM/OS.IN BOXES 4%.2./.9, • oR46oRSEITAIIIWIERE ON RECEPTOFISNORSSI STAIIPS BY E.ZTOWIEAC.:66IONG ROMIG NOTTING/MALI • , ,

===== 0002601_19040514_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
Casumen I, the most sustaining Food on earth.

COMPLETELY REMOVES INDIGESTION. CON- STIPATION, UNIQUE for ALE VIA, FEVERS, GOUT, CONSUMPTION, DIABETES, RHEUMA- TISM and INFLUENZA. A full week's supply sent for P.O. Is., with LANCET ANALYSIS AND REPORT. PRIDEAUX'S FOOD CO., MOTOOMBE, DORSET; or through Chemists, Stores. etc.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Authors of letters intended for publication must mall eases send their nambs and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written 'Me aide only of the paper and sent in, if possible,not than Thursday.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
Protection in Germany.—A Few Facts

for Workingmen.

Sir,—l have always enjoyed the joke of listening to 'people discussing things they really know very little about, being what one might term well read. That is they propound views of other people, but have not the faculties for grasping the significance of the same. Some of your correspondents although meaning well, do not open up any fresh attacks on the proposed pro- tection policy but simply treat with those that have been explained by men of superior calibre, education and experience. Most people in treating with this question at once fly to statistics, whether forming a case pro or contra to Protection. To my mind the simpliest way to judge is by comparing the homes of the workpeople of two or more nations where Protection is the fiscal policy at the same time making allowances for missed oppor- tunities. The country I will take is Germany, as this country is always being quoted as a successful child of Protection. I might state here,that I learnt these facts Tarn about to give, from actual contact with the German workpeople. The unskilled workman earns from 12s. to 14s. per week. the skilled man receiving from 18s. to 20s. on an average. He eats brown bread ; this is so because he cannot afford white, and not from choice. He eats very little meat, and a large percentage of the men eat dogand cat flesh. A large proportion-, I might say nearly all the workpeople, despise the present form of government and hate the forced service with the army. The country is inundated with spies, because the Kaiser is rather afraid of the ever growing socialistic views of his subjects. All the work- men are red hot socialists, but are frightened to speak out for fear of leze Majesty. If you have noticed the results of the recent Reichstag elections, you will find that these confirm my statement. The wives of • the workmen have to work in the fields and factories, to make both ends meet. Everybody is taxed, even if they be earning but £lO per annum. Is it not a fact that Germany subsidizes two of her most important indus- tries, namely her shipping and sugar growing? Is a country which has to tax its people, so as to subsidize and enable its commerce to live, in a really healthy condition? Is it to be wondered at that the German workmen looks with envious eyes upon English workpeople. Is it to be wondered at, • that -Germany supplies the largest number of emigrants? As to France and America, have thoy not been warned by their leading men, owing to the decline in their birth rate, that "If they are not very careful, they will starv9 thernselveslout ?" Is this caused by married people wishing to enjoy that luxury which Protection together with children cannot afford? I will finish by asking a conundrum: If commerce flourishes better under Protection than Free Tmde,how is it that there is so much foreign capital invested in England ?—Yours truly. EMO.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

Warrington's unbeaten record is maintained, the fourth match of the season resulting in a brilliant victory over Bootle. Present prospects are decidedly encouraging, and the eleven are to be congratulated upon their creditable achievements. Bootle had first turn with the willow, and all were dismissed for 102. Warrington responded in no half-hearted fashion, and put together 164 for the loss of only 9 wickets.

H. Williams topped the Bootle score list with a vigorously conapiled 33, and T. S. Johnson contributed a capital 21. T. Wright's performance was the feature of the Warrington innings. He knocked up 43 in faultless style and carried out his bat. On present form he •should prove a valuable acquisition to the eleven. His fine judgment in placing the ball was a praiseworthy feature.

Of the bowlers, W. H. Podmore came out with the best average, his 3 wickets costing a fraction over 4 runs each. E. A. Connor, the captain, secured 4 wickets f0r.36, and Lynes was responsible for 3 at a cost of 52.

Sankey Wire Mills opened the season with a visit to High Legh, the game ending in a draw greatly in their favour. The home eleven were all out for 115 and Sankey had scored 96 with only two wickets clown when play ceased. Evans and Hawthorn batted well for the Wire Mills, and knocked up 42 and 41 respec- tively. Gorton with 61 was the best man on the home side.

Congiatulations to the police! On Thursday they met Walker's Brewery team, and triumphed by a single run. P.C. Stewart was in great form with the bat, and knocked up 20 not out. P.C. Holland did fine work with the ball, capturing G wickets for 24 runs.

Latchford Baptiks had to bow the knee to Moore and Daresbury, the margin being 13. The Rev. F. Clifton Smith's 20 was the highest score of the afternoon, J. Hunt and J. Wirrell rendering best services for the Baptists with 12 and 11 respectively.

Penketh again had to admit defeat on Saturday. Walker's brewery eleven were the conquerors, and ran up 66 against the villagers' 22. J. Arber batted in excellent style for the brewery, and J. Milner bawled remarkably well, taking 7 wickets for 12 runs.

Cheshire Lines Engineers triumphed over St. Helens Primitives by a 29 majority. T. Smith (23) and J. Duckworth (21) were to the fore in the batting department.

Cricket enthusiasts wotild do well to possess them- selves of copies of Mr. Frank Sugg's pocket cricket annual which is full of the most interesting and valu- able infnrmation. In addition to the batting and bowling averages for the leading elevens and all the latest." records," the booklet contains excellent advice ,to young cricketers by Frank and Walter Sugg and facts that all cricketers should know. There are photos .of Warner's all England eleven and other first-class players. One penny is the modest price of the annual.

Cycling. The Warrington Club', run to the picturesque river side village of Hale is generally a very attrac- tive future, but owing to the dull, showery and cold weather only a dozen members made the journey on Saturday. After partaking of tea at the Childe of Hale" an adjournment was made to the bowling green and several good games were witnessed. After a stroll round the village the party turned their faces homewards, and Warrington was reached without mishap.

Tuesday erening's run to Budworth via Arley was also marred by dull weather, and barely a dozen of the braver spirits turned out. The countryside was looking at its best, the fruit trees being in full bloom. The elements were rather more favourable for the return, which was accomplished in good time.

To-day's run is to Delamere and on Tuesday the club go to Glvebzry. Lighting up time to-day, 0-1; Tuesday, 0-7.

Owing to pressureen space we were compelled to emit a report of the Gpening night run and smoking concert at Sankey Chapel House last week. The affair was highly successful and enjoyable, a first rate pro- gramme being submitted by well known local artistes.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

The works competition is ric—iw in full swing and the contests on the King and Queen green each Saturday attract large aesemblies. Two games were decided on Saturday, Houghton's wire works and Thewlis's file works teams being the victors. Houghton's administered a heavy defeat to the forge men, and ran up a majority of 72. There was a close contest between Whitecross netting department and Thewlis's the filesmiths claiming the victory by the narrow margin of 4. Some interesting matches are down for decision to-day. Vernon-street Tannery will meet Rylands's No. 1. London and North-Western Railway will try conclusions with Artingstalls, and Cheshire Lines are drawn against Firth Company. The London and North-West team are the cup-holders, and may be relied upon to do their utmost to retain possession of the trophy.

Saturday witnessed six contests under the auspices ef the Warrington District League. Brooklands met the Liberal Club and after a keen struggle gained the victory by six points. The Horse *and Jockey contin- gent beat Penketh by 83, and the Bull's Head team had the best of the encounter with the Chapel House by a 29 majority. Fearnhead had to admit defeat to the extent of 66 points at the hands of the Cemetery Eotel Club,

===== 0002601_19040514_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CLAIMS OF THE SALVATION

ARMY.

Bazaar at the Co-operative .Hall.

The Salvation Army in Warrington is making a com- mendable effort to raise £2OO by means of a bazaar held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, with the object of providing new instruments for the band. The open- ing ceremony was performed on Thursday afternoon in the presence of a large company. The interior of the hall was a fairyland of delight, with prettily decorated stalls and bright coloured streamers stretching across the hall. A large number of plants had also been intro- duced and these heightened the effect. The work had been carried out by Adjutant Everness, assisted by a willing band of Salvation Army lasses and soldiers. Amongst those present at the opening ceremony were: Mr. and Mrs. Ziba Armitage, Rev. John Yonge and Mrs. Yonge, Mr. A. H. Crostleld, Mr. Alderman Smethurst, Mr. Levi Richardson, Major Garrie (Manchester), Adjutant Everness (Warrington), Mr. G. Dickenson. Prayer was offered by the Rev. John Yonge. In asking Mr. Arthur Crosfield to preside, Adjutant EVERNESS said that would be a high day in the history of the Salvation Army. The Army had laboured in War- rington for 21 years and they were celebrating their 21st anniversary in that happy manner. Their position was a very hopeful one, and much remained to be done.

Mr. A. H. CROSFIELD said that anyone presiding over a gathering like that might sum up his duties inn way that had been defined by a certain humorist, who said that anyone who presided at a bazaar should speak honey, look bonny and spend money. (Laughter.) He was not sure whether he could live up to that definition if he contented himself with giving them such an excel- lent prescription. He could only speak to them as a man of the world—he was neither a saint nor a professed saint—and although he felt that it was almost presump- tuous for a man of the world to speak of the splendid work—he would say the grand work—of the Salvation Army, still perhaps they would allow him respectfully to offer a few observations upon that work. (Hear, hear.) They had already listened to a touching and beautiful prayer from Mr. Yonge. The Salvation Army needed the sympathy of all ranks and he was thankful to say all sects in the country. (Hear, hear.) He would like to give them a few facts about the army's operations, because they told a wonderful tale, and showed the marvellous work in the world which the Salvation Army was doing. The facts were : corps and outposts 7,505, officers and employees 15,324, local officers (unpaid 45,730, bandsmen (unpaid) 17,170, countries and colonies occupied 49, circulation of "War Cry" and other papers per issue 1,000,000, social insti- tutions for the poor 636, officers and employees in charge 1830, daily accommodation 34,500, fallen women passed through rescue homes in twelve months 6.196, criminals passed through Prison Gate homes in twelve months 1,956, slum posts 128, cheap beds supplied in 12 months 4,319,728, cheap meals supplied in 12 months 7,891,663, men supplied with work (temporary and per- manent) in 12 months 37,538. (Applause.) That morn- ing he received a letter from Mrs. Crosfield, who was very sorry she could not be present. She had sent him a letter from his eldest sister, Mrs. Ryan, in which she referred to the work of the Salvation Army. Mrs. Ryan wrote :—"I went to a drawing room meeting at Mrs. Hughes' in aid of the Hadleigh Labour Colony in Essex. Colonel Wright of the Salvation Army spoke for nearly an hour giving us facts which were appalling. It was most touching and impressive. He told us that each night, or morning rather at 2-0 a.m. the Salvation Army feeds—outside Drury-lane—a thousand starving men at its own ex- pense, and they do this at £5 a thousand. The meal consists of soup and chunks of bread. He gave a graphic ascription of watching them while all the rank and fashion drove away at 11.30., then all the lights went down, and at one a.m., first one man, then twos and threes came, abject, miserable and destitute. The police constable—quite accustomed to it—turned •up at 1.30., and said, "Now boys, fall in," and he said, "these shadows of men, without talking, without a murmur fall into regular lines three or four deep extending half a mile long." The police constable told him th it if the Salvation Army did not do this,the majority of course would starve, as it was the poor things' only meal in 24 hours. This goes on each night in London! Colonel Wright noticed a man standing amongst them wearing a shabby, torn frock coat and tall hat, destitute also. He drew him out and said, "You must have seen better days. How is this ?" The man said he had been a music hall singer for several years, his voice cracked, he fell ill and this was the result of six months illness—he could get nothing. Colonel Wright asked him, "Are you married ?" "Yes," but his wife and three children were in the Union, they could not tramp the streets like he did. Colonel Wright called one of his officers and said, "Is there nothing we can get for this man to do ?" They found there was a city firm wanting a man to write addresses on envelopes at a pittance a day. "Take this my man" be said," it will give you a foothold and you will be able to get more later and get your wife and children again." " I can'nt sir " was the answer. Colonel Wright said he felt inclined to be very angry, but on questioning him why this delay, the poor thing answered by showing him a blue piece of paper from the Workhouse notifying him of the death of his youngest child, with the words that he would be allowed to attend the funeral, which was next day. He waseso miserable that he only thought of the means of " getting a bit of black" to go to it. Colonel Wright said he was quite silenced by the misery of the whole thing. They got the man employment however, one is thankful to think. I cannot tell you how pathetic and intensely real it was as he told this story quite simply. He said London produces thousands and thousands of these cases. It is the terrible overcrowding which they are trying to fight by establishing these labour colonies in the country. It is not charity he said, they must work. Their maxim was "Nothing for nothing." Some years ago they started at Hadleigh with 3or 4 men only. Nov there are 450 with work- shops &c &c. For 4d. a day they give them breakfast, dinner, hot bath and a bed—but they must earn that 4d., I and so on to higher wages and better work. He said they had no police supervision at all. He was there with one or two other Salvation Officers over all these people—many of whom had been criminals, in gaol over and over again, and all from the submerged tenth, and he said they had never had a case of burglary &c. . . It certainly has impressed one with what" is being done." That extract, continued Mr. grosfield, was an illustration of the kind of cases with which the Salvation Army dealt. It was also an illustration of what followed from the fearfill over- crowding in some of our cities, which begot such terrible misery and squalor amongst those who were sunk in that terrible social quagmire at the bottom of civilisa- tion. He noticed that Mr. Charles Booth was speaking upon the housing question at a meeting in Manchester on the previous evening and moved the following reso- lution :—" This meeting is of opinion that it is neces- sary for the welfare of the community that for every town plans to regulate its extension should be prepared providing a well arranged system of streets of adequate width, the widest of which should be plantedwith trees and providing also parks, playgrounds, and sites for schools and other' public buildings; and, further, that every town council should adopt a comprehensive policy with regard to the inspection of dwellings, the erection of new buildings, the demolition of unwhole- some property, and the provision of facilities for cheap and rapid transit." Mr. Crosfield added that he was afraid no plan of that kind would really enable them to grapple with this hydra-headed monstre, which was the most formidable foe of modern civilisation, until they had gone to the , root of the evil and dealt thoroughly and justly with the reform of the land laws. (Hear, hear.) He would like to tell them a little anecdote bearing upon bazaars. It was said that a certain individual was returning from a gathering something like the present, when on cross- ing a common, he was accosted by highwaymen, who de- manded his money or his life. (Laughter.) The un- lucky man pleaded for mercy and while doing so happened to say that he was returning from a bazaar. "Let him alone," was the command of the leader, "he's been plundered enough." (Loud lauahter.) It now. devolved upon all present to choose wisely, buy freely and pay generously. (Hear,hear.) Mrs. ARMITAGE, in declaring the bazaar open, said they were present to show their great sympathy with that wonderful organization—the Salvation Army, and to rejoice in the great good that it had been able to do, not only in Warrington,but all over England and in'all the world. There was work for all Christians to do. God had given everyone of them some work to do, and those who worked in other parts of His vineyard, could rejoice at the great success that had attended the efforts of those who worked in the Salvation Army. (Hear, hear.) That afternoon they had to help the local officers to get sufficient money to buy the instruments, so that the local corps might complete one part of their organisation. (Hear, hear.) She hoped all the money required would be raised by Saturday evening. (Hear, bear.) The services of Mrs. Armitage, Mr. Crosfield, and Mr.l Levi Richardson (who sang a solo "Mary of Argyll") were acknowledged on the pronosition of Alderman I SMETHURST seconded by Major GARRIE. Mr. CROSFIELD acknowledged the compliment, and the sale of goods then commenced. During the afternoon, Master Tom Barton's boys' orchestra played selections of music. YESTERDAY'S PROCEEDINGS.

The Bazaar was again opened yesterday. Alderman William Pierpoint presided and he was accompanied on the platform by Mrs. Pierpoint, Mrs. Garnett, Mr. Councillor Horrocks, Adjutant Everness, Adjutant Samms (Manchester). The CHAIRMAN eulogised the excellent work per- formed by the Salvation Army. He pointed out that when the organization first started 21 years ago it met with approbrium and ridicule but now its objects and work were appreciated in every part of the globe. Mrs. GARNETT,in declaring the bazaar open, expressed the opinion that the social work of the Army and the efforts put forth to lift up the nbmerged tenth, did not meet with that general approval which they deserved. (Hear, hear.) It was necessary that the local corps should have an efficient band. An army without a band would be lacking one of its chief features. She hoped the efforts put forth would prove successful. Solos were efficiently sung by Master Richardson and Sister Everness.

Thursday's proceeds amounted to £lOO, and yester- day's takings increased the total sum raised to £l5O.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
WESLEYAN SYNOD AT WARRINGTON.

INTERESTING GATHERINGS.

During the past week, Warrington has been visited by an unusually large number of Wesleyan ministers and laymen, and the reason for this visitation is that the animal synod meetings of the Liverpool Wesleyan district are being held in Bold-street Wesleyan Chapel. It is nine years since the synod was last held in this town. The Liverpool district is about the largest and most important district in Methodism, extending as it does from Morecambe in the North to Aberystwith on the Welsh Coast.

The meetings extended over three days, commenc- ing on Tuesday morning and closing on Thursday evening. Tuesday and Thursday were exclusively ministerial days, when about 150 ministers were pre- sent, but on Wednesday, the ministers were joined by about 200 laymen. Rarely have the meetings of the synod been batter attended, and perhaps never before have so many Wesleyan ministers and laymen been seen in the town.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FIRST DAY'S PROCEEDINGS.

The Synod commenced on Tuesday at the Bold- street Wesleyan Church, under the presidency of the chairman of the district, the Rev. T. Gallandflartley. After the devotional exercises, in which the Rev. A. H. Walker, 8.A., and E. Theodore Carrier took part, the former was elected secretary by a unanimous vote. In returning thanks, he asked that the Rev. H. Harri- son G-ower might act as his assistant. The Rev. G. H. CARNSON', superintendent of the Warrington Circuit, then heartily welcomed the synod to Warrington, and announced the various arrange- ments which had been made for the comfort and con- venience of the visitors. The roll-call revealed the presence of almost every minister in the district. The most notable absentee from the synod was the Rev. Thomas McCullagh who entered the ministry in 1845, and now resides as a supernumerary in Liverpool. Mr. McCullagh was President of the Conference in 1883, an for several years was chairman of the Liver- pool District. The only minister in full work absent was the Rev. F. R. Smith (" John Ackworth," author of the " Clog Shop Chronicles " &c.) of the St. Helens Circuit. He was absent on- account of illness.

The annual schedule of returns presented by the secretary showed that the reported increase of 669 adult. church:members indicated fairly general advance in the district. The number of members was returned as 23,138, with also 2,064 members on trial. During the year 2,434 new members had been fully received 1,116 had removed to other circuits, and 544 had been received from other circuits. There had been 41 em- igrations, 235 deaths, and 923 ceased to be members. There were nowlol ministers in active work,and nearly I,sooclass readers.A resolution was adopted expressing thankfulness for the large increase of adult members, but regretting the great decrease in junior members. There are 28 adult Bible classes in 01;3 district with a membership of 4,2B7.There are 82 Wesley Guilds with a total membership of 5,489. The report of the pro- bationers' examination was presented by the Rev. H. H. rOullagh. The Rev. H. P., Harris secured second class honours and the Revs. F. Stanley Atkinson and R. Bewick third class honours. The Rev. A. T, Kinn- ings reported to the synod the death of the Rev. Henry Smallwood, of Southport, and testimony was borne to his character and faithful service.

In the afternoon a conversation took place on the state of the work of God throughout the district, in which the Rev. J. Whitehead Clegg, of the Severn Valley Mission, gave an interesting account of a successful work which has taken place at Oswestry and in that neighbourhood. The Revs. R. Rossall, of Ornaskirk ; J. Crompton Sowerbutts of] Southport; John Martin, of Lancaster; W. Backhouse M.A., of Great Homer-street, Liverpool; C. B. M'Cullagh, 8.A., of Wesley Circuit, Liverpool; A. H. Walker, 8.A., of Fairfield; and the chairman also took part in a most encouraging and practical dis- cussion.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNESDAY'S PRNEEDINGS.

The Synod resumed its session on Wednesday under the presidency of the Rev. T. Galland Hartley. The devotional exercises were conducted by the secretary, the Rev. A. H. Walker, 8.A., and Mr. Henry Ball, of Southport. Apologies for absence were received from many gentlemen, including Mr. N. W. Holme, M.P. Letters of sympathy and condolence were directed to be sent to many.

The Synod proceeded to the consideration of home missionary affairs, the total amount raised for this fund in the district being £2,191. The amount obtained in the district during the year was £2,191, a decrease of £24 6s. 11d. Grants were made as follows:—Mold, I £2O; Carnarvon and Bangor, £6O; Garstang, £6O; and Aberystwyth, £3O; Liverpool Mission, £100; Hoylake and West Kirby, £6O; and Severn Valley Mission £l2O. The Rev. JOSEPH JACKSON, of the Liverpool Mission, gave a most interesting statement and effective appeal in connection with the new Central Hall to be erected in Renshaw-street. He stated that the contract had been signed and the foundation stones would be laid in October.-IVIr. S. M. Hutchinson, CC. and Mr. E. Cannington, J.P., supported the appeal. The membership of the several halls at present exceeds a thonsand, with 132 on trial. Three thousand Sunday school scholars are enrolled, and guilds and re-reative I classes are held for their benefit. Regarding the Charles Garret Memorial, it is estimated that a sum of £45,000 will be scent. The large hall is to seat 2,500 and the small hall 750. Religions, social, and philanthropic work will be carried on. At present £13,500 has been received in promises, a grant of £7,500 has been obtain- ed from the Twentieth Century Fund, and by a bazaar next spring it is hoped to raise at least £s,ooo.—Various reports of the Liverpool, West Kirby, and Severn Valley Missions were adopted, showing the striking progress made during the year.—Additional ministers were asked for by the St. Helens,Morecambe,Widnes, and Warring- ton Circuits.—The morning session closed with an inspiring conversation on the spiritual work of the dis- trict, in which Messrs. J. Holden (Southport), H. B. Williams (Birkenhead), A. J. Jones (Bootle), and others took part. An important committee was appointed to confer with the Mold Circuit with regard to the work of the Dee- side Mission at Queen's Ferry. New churches were reported to be in course of erection at Marsh lane, Bootle; Elm Hall Drive, Liverpool ; Seacombe, West Kirby, Chester, Montgomery, Widnes, St. Helens, Prescot, and outhport. The number of building schemes now sanctioned is fifteen, with an estimated outlay of £18,830. Ten new churches are in course of erection at a cost of £36,000, while fourteen others are sanctioned at an outlay of £102,000. The total value of the church property in the district is estimated at £990,130 an increase on the year of £40,000. The foreign missionary income for the past year was reported as £11,277, being an increase of £4OO on the previous year. The simultaneous canvass is being prosecuted in the circuits with vigour, and the results already to hand show a prospective increase of £4OO. The folloWing gentlemen were elected as lay representa- tives to the forthcoming conference at Sheffield:— Messrs. G. Weaver (Warrington), N. W. Holme, M.P. (Lancaster), E. L. Lloyd, C.C. (Liverpool), S. M. Hutchinson, C.C. (Liverpool), J. Griffiths (Chester), John Allen (Birkenhead), J. R. Batty (Southport), W. H. Smith (Whitchurch), A. J. Jones (Bootle),B. Browne, J.P.-(Widnes), and Craine (Liverpool). THE CLOSING MEETING.

The synod reassembled on Thursday morning,the Rev- T. Galland Hartley again presiding. The following ministers were selected to attend the forthcoming con- ference at Sheffield.—Representative Session: The Revs. A. H. Walker 8.A., G. H. Carason, A. T. Kinn- ings, E. Blackall,T. A. Turnoy, F. Haines, G. M. Cobban J. Jackson, J. Whitehead, and H. H. M'Cullagh, B.A. Pastoral Session: The Revs. NV. Backhoase, M.A., T. Austin, G. T. Newton, W. L. Tasker, and A. Rudman. The following candidates for the ministry were passed onto the July Committee for further examination : Messrs. R. C. Kellie, Great Homer-street Circuit; G. B. Evens, Liverpool Mission; J. A. Handley, and H. Whita- more, Chester, R. NV. Charlesworth, Tarporley ; A. F. Olsen, Mold: W. Jones. B.Sc., Runcorn; P. Webster, Widnes; F. P. Gent and NV. N. Robinson. St. Helens; J. C. Martin, Preston ; and W. S. Cooper, Lytham. The synod was concluded with the usual votes of thanks.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
PUBLIC TEMPERANCE MEETING

Condemnation of the Licensing Bill.

AN APPEAL FOR ENGLAND'S CHILDHOOD.

The inaugural public meeting held in Bewsey-road Church on Monday evening was in support of the tern- prance cause. There was a fair attendance, presided over by Mr. Frank Harris. The speakers were the Revs. A. T. Kinnings (District Temperance Secretary) and T. H. Wainman (Acting Chaplain to Wesleyan troops in the Boer war) and Mr. Isaac Holden, of Liverpool. The CHAIRMAN said the meeting was one of very considerable importance. He trusted that by a united and enthusiastic spirit they would make the gathering a success, and that its reflection would be cast upon the other meetings to be held during the week. He hoped the visit of the synod would be an impetus for

good in their midst, that their visitors would thoroughly enjoy themselves in the "good old town" and that they in Warrington would profit by the holding of the meetings. They made no apology for meeting together under the temperance banner. That day had gone by. (Hear, hear.) The subject of temperance reform had filled all men's minds with thoughtful concern. All ranks and classes of men, irrespective of any distinction as to their call- ing, whether they be statesmen, ministerial brethren, or commercial men, united in the opinion that the temper- ance movement was an absolute necessity in some form or other. The question had repeatedly been before the legislature with very varied results—(hear, hear)—and he thought it was somewhat timely that they should hold that meeting when the present Licensing Bill was before Parliaihent. He had no inten- tion of enlarging upon the merits or otherwise of that Bill. One 'thing he would say—that he thought it was the duty of every right-minded citizen to at once, with a firm, strong and thoughtful mind, I protest against the suggested interference with magisterial discretion. (Applause'. Mr. Harris pro- ceeded to emphasise the importance of work among the children. Probably the greatest results would be achieved by a wise and proper education of the young on the question. It was due] to those who spent their time in teaching the children that they should receive hearty encouragement and unstinted praise. (Applause.) Mr. Isa.ac Hot.nEN delivered an able address on the Licensing Bill. The question, he said, was not one of politics as fares he was concerned. He had been regrett- ing bitterly during the past month that he had not always supported a certain section of the House of Commons, because it would have been such an immense satisfaction to have changed sides on that subject to show that it was something more important than politics. They had to consider what was best for the country, and take their stand as Christian men and people who had the welfare of the country at heart. They would have to consider the question apart altogether from party politics on the matter of whose pocket it suited. (Hear, hear,) During the past year or two the magistrates had awakened and had been doing their duty. The work had been done solely in the interests of the public by disinterested men who had no object of their own to serve,bot did it simply because it was their duty. If his hearers had read the reports of the last Licensing Sessions, they must have seen from the evi- dence what an enormous amount of good had been done by the magistrates by their action during the last five years. In Liverpool they had reduced drunkenness and indictable offences by one third in ten years. The speaker quoted from "judicial statistics " (issued from the Home Office) a testimony to the beneficial results of the Liverpool magistrates' action. What they had to consider, he continued, was whether the Licensing Bill was going to improve that work and increase it or whether it was going to block it. nay had been fight- ing for some years to put themselves in a position to control the trade. They did not want to rob the trade of anything they had a right to—far from it. They only wanted to make sare that the trade did not rob them of something they had a right to. (Hear, hear.) After fighting for years and spending an enormous a-leant of money, and by dint of hard work on the part of patriotic men who had no interest of their own to serve, they had established four facts upon which the strength of their position depended. The first was that the magistrates acted in an administrative capacity and not as a Court. That had been established in one or two well known cases. It meant that the magistrates had a riet to go round a town to inquire how public houses were conducted and whether they were necessary or not and they could then go to the Court, raise their own objections, and suppress as many licences as they liked. If they were a court, they must only act on the evidence brought to them, aud they had no initiative power of their own. By the Licensing Bill the whole thing was changed. The magistrates ceased to be administrative and were purely a Court of Justice. "That," said Mr. Holden, "Knocks out one of our most valuable weapons." The second fact they had established, continued the speaker, was that licences were for one year and no longer. That had been the case for over four centuries.and it had undoubtedly been established by every Court of Law in the land up to the House of Lords. By the new Bill a licence was made perpetual and could not be taken away simply because it was not wanted. The third fact was that licence holders had no right to compensation either in equity or in law. They found in the Bill,how- ever, that they were to receive compensation and com- pensation with no measured terrns,—full compensation, the whole market value. Fourthly,the magistrates could at present object to licences and then inquire into them. Under the Bill,they would be absolutely unable to do that. There were innumerable other objections V) the Bill. Local justices lost half their duties—and the half which required the most local knowledge. Another serious defect was that the public had no right to be heard in a Licensing Court in future. Moreover it was very doubtful whether even the magistrates who iecommnded the Quarter Sessions to reduce licences had any right of appearing in favour of their own report. The reduction of licences would depend not upon the public necessity as it had done for centpries, but purely upon the state of a particular fund which would be established. The Bill said the value of a licence for compensation was to be reckoned as the difference between the value of a licensed house now (as if the Bill had not been passed) and of the house without a licence. That clause was full of mean- ing. It showed that the promoters of the Bill knew perfectly well that they were going to double the value of all the licences in the country. In order to be plausible they introduced the clause that compensation which was to be given up to the full market value.must be reckoned on the value of a house as if the Act had not been passed. That, as Sir Robert Reid had said, was wholly inoperative and utterly meaningless, There was no machinery set up anywhere for recording the value of licences. Nobody knew what it was. The owners were not, under the Bill, forced to declare the value of houses beforehand. The reason was that if they did so they would not get so much when they came to be compensated, and until the houses were closed they would have to pay rates on the full value—which they , did not pay at present. The compensation fund which was very strictly limited and throughout the country would only amount to £1,206,000 was utterly inadequate to produce anything like a marked effect on licenses. In Liverpool 721 licenses were dropped last year—some because they did not pay. The Quarter Sessions compensation fund for the whole area would produce only £36,500. It would therefore be utterly impossible to reduce licences at the same rate as hitherto. In Liverpool, out of 391 licences refused in ten years, 152 were simply dropped because they did not pay. Under the new Bill enor- mous figures would have to be paid for licences dropped under those circumstances. They heard a great deal about the liberty of the subject, but had not temperance reformers also a right which might be infringed b y the liquor traffic? Must they suffer in silence while their eyes and ears were offended at every corner by the traffic and its results? Surely if there was any conflict in the matter of rights in regard to personal liberty, the liberty of the most law-abiding section of the community ought, at any rate, to be con- sidered. Generally speaking it had, however, been otherwise. They must make their voice heard at once, very generally and with no uncertain sound, or else they were going to be handed over bound hand and foot to the liquor traffic. Mr. Holden alluded to the ante-1869 beerheuses which, he said, were in every large town the plague spots and pests of civilization. It was practically , impossible to refuseithe licence of an ante-1869 house. The Bill proposed to put every public house in the country on much the same footing as the ante 1869 houses. There were, however, only three grounds instead of four hitherto on which they could refuse Ilicences. The Bill was introduced in the interests of a very few of the big monopolist brewers and, incident- ally, he believed, of the whole body of practising barristers and lawyers. (Laughter). It would I be many years before they fully understood the worst in the Bill, and by that time many a poor, struggling barrister would be a rich man (Laughter.) "You and I" concluded Mr. Holden "will have to stand the racket and pay the price. I call upon you all to look at it in an energetic,unbiassed and Chris- tian way. Let us take up the course which we believe to be right, and may God defend the right." (Applause.) The Rev. A. T. KINNINGS, of Southport observed that, whatever a March quarterly meeting or a mixed con- gregation of Radicals, Tories, flscalitis people and all the various political thoughts of to-day might have to say, no one would ever stand between his honest con- viction as to the opposition which was necessary to a Bill that safeguarded the liquor traffic but removed the safe-guards of temperance legislation, and the sobriety of the nation. (Applause). He wanted to turn away from the various aspects of the ques- tion which were often argued and have the honour of holding a brief for England's* childhood. Whilst they had strenuous efforts for the uplifting of humanity which had fallen through excess of alcoholic liquors. whilst they sought among the adult population of the country the great reformation of life which must begin in a regeneration of spirit, and whilst they sought thus for a sober country, a land of purity and righteousness he was bound to say that he pinned his faith to Eng- land's childhood. If a great card inal could say that if he could have under his control the childhood of Eng- land for a few years he would soon make this country Roman Catholic, he (the speaker) did not see why a Methodist preacher should not have his faith that if they could have under their control the childhood of this country, trained in the principles of sobriety and , living a life of abstinence,to-morrow they would give to I this great empire a nation of sobriety, purity, and pros- perity. (Applause.) He always held that every child born into this world had three birth-rights,and the first was a 'sound constitution. Those words of Kingsley, tragic though they were, were very true—that "many children are damned from their very birth." It was no mere platitude of a temperance utterance, it was no mere statement of a total abstinence platform—for that was what they were that night,' and he liked the phrase better than temperance—when he said that physical deformity and weakness, mental failure, and depraved tastes were in thousands of cases inherited. They needed sound education on the great physical aspect of the liquor question. Every child had also. the right to national safeguards. The nation ought to make it,for the youth especially, difficult to do wrong and easy to do right. What were the surroundings of the great masses of children to-thy? Were they sur- rounded by those influences which meant ennoblement of character, dignity of life, and uplifting of thought?

No. In this Christian country the churches taught the children on the Sabbath Day to "remem- ber the Sabbath Day to keep it holy" and sent them out of the churches to find the public- houses and gin palaces open on every hand—a disgrace to a Christian country. Their children were taught to pray" Lead us not into temptation' and the legislation of a Christian country placed temptation on every hand. He said e trnestly and emphatically that thousands upon thousands of children in this land had not a fair chance from a national standpoint. He con- tended that the working classes should have a right to say whether they would have public-houses in their midst or not. If the children were to have national safeguards, they would not only have to talk on temperance platforms and pray about it, but they would have to remember at the next general election the kind of men they sent to Parliament. (Hear, hear.) The Licensing Bill was another attempt at preventing true safeguards for the children of England. In conclusion the speaker emphasised the importance of a sound home influence. He urged his hearers to use every effort to free the country from the curse of drink, because of England's childhood. (Applause.) The Rev. T. H. WAINMAN then delivered an interest- ing address on his experiences with the troops in South Africa. He said that when he returned to this country after having been in South Africa for twenty years he felt ashamed that so little progress had been made on the vital question of temperance reform. In South Africa they could go to Durban and towns of a similar character and they would see nothing like they saw in the towns of this country. He could not remember ever having seen a drunken woman during the twenty years he had been at the Cape. It would be difficult for him to talk about temperance work among the soldiers because the soldiers were not allowed to do as they liked whilst serving in South Africa. He had been chaplain to the troops on two occasions. In 1884 he accompanied Sir CharleE• Warren's force which chased the Boers out of Bechuanaland. Alluding to the Trans- ' vaal campaign the speaker said it was absolutely untrue that Johannesburg was to blame for it. It was true that in a certain street they would find the stock exchange, tariff club, mining houses and so on, and that party might have had something to do with the political agitation of the place at the time. He himself was sneered at as a supporter of the Boers because he would not go to political agitation meetings. He claimed that as a Wesleyan minister and one of their missionaries,he was a man of peace, and he told those people he would have nothing to do with the bringing on of the war. Having described some of the scenes in Johannesburg on the outbreak of the war, the speaker contended that if we had been half as kind to our own kith and kin who were practically kicked out of Johannesburg (although they had done no more in volitical agitation than the people in English towns) as we were to the Boer women and children in the refuge camps, the condition of our own people would have been princely in comparison with what it was. Although he was a friend of the Boers in • one way, he considered that the Boers had absolutely nothing to complain of in regard to their treatment in the refuge camps. Everything that could be done under the circumstances was done for them. The rev. gentleman briefly but graphically described some of the famous engagements in the war. He joined General Buller's forces just after the Colenso disaster and was with them at Spion Kop and the other battles which preceded the relief of Ladysmith. He would ever think of Tommy Atkins with the greatest possible respect and he claimed that the men who fought so gallantly were • worth every effort that could be put. forth for their , salvation and uplifting. (Applause.) : The Chairman and speakers were thanked on, the ' proposition of the Rev. R. WELKIN REES, seconded by , the Rev. G. H. CARNSON.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
OFFICIAL SERMON BY THE REV. DR. BURTON, M.A. In Praise of the Bible.

. The Rev. Henry Burton, M.A., D.D., of Lytham, preached the official sermon in Bold-street church on Tuesday evening. There was a large congregation. The preacher was accompanied on the rostrum by the Rev. G. H. Carnson (supetinteadent minister) and tne Rev. T. Galland Hartley (chairman of the synod). Mr. Frank Hickman presided at the organ. Dr. Burton based his discourse on the text "The seed is the Word of God " (Luke 8 11v.). In these seven monosyllabic words, the preacher said, Jesus gave us the key to the parable of the sower. Was it conceivable that God who endowed His minor creatures with unerr- ing instincts, should leave man who was made in His own image and endowed with the highest faculties and with a soul that was immortal, without any clear direction in revelation of His will or any reference to his destiny? Any revelation that God made to man must be under human conditions, and must be subject to human capacities and reason. When Heaven spoke to man it must speak in an earthly tongue. Therefore the revelation of God must come first to man and then through man to his fellows. The human instrument was indispensable. This introduction of the human element into the Word of God brought into it an element of imperfection. Whatever views of inspiration they might hold, they could not and did not hold that all the compilers of the books in the Bible had been strictly kept from fault and error, specially when it was remem- bered that the holy scriptures were written without any full points whatever or any punctuation marks One mark of the divineness of the word of God was its remarkable unity. The very name—Bible was a tacit recognition of its unity; it was a collection of books, a library. It was a transcendent work not only in its surpassing interest,but in its remarkable unity. Between the first chapters and the last, there were fifteen long centuries. The old testament was written in Hebrew and the new testament in Greek. Many of the writers of the sacred word were unknown; they would never be identified now, and those they did recognise were taken from different walks of life, the learned and the unlearned; each working by himself without collabora- tion, following, as he thought, his own impulses. Not one of the writers knew or even thought he was writing i Scripture. Running through t all they could detect was the inovement of one theme—the theme of redemption. The whole Book was one history of the fall and then the great redemption, one enlarged Messiah and that i Messiah ended in its keynote n the paradise of God, closing where it began. And so throughout all the different parts of the sacred word formed one unbroken whole. The whole temple was built on the pattern of the cross, and enter it where they would, if they were not perversely .blind, they would see before them, standing radiant in its glory,the altar of a supreme sacrifice, the altar of a great atonement. But there was another evidence of the divinity of the word—the ex- cellence of its doctrine. What a code of morals was here! What a high standard of ethics! How straight it ruled the lines of duty, duty to self, duty to family, to neighbour, to country and to God. How strongly it enforced mercy, justice, purity and truth ! Not only did the Scriptures teach the moralities, hut enjoined personal holiness and put before them glorious possibilities. Another mark of the divine- ness of the word was its marvellous influence; restrain- ing, refining and elevating. Let it touch any life, the individual or the nation, and it gave to that life new aspects, new powers, new possibilities, new elevations of thought and purpose never experienced before. We owed our literature, our laws,our discoverips of science , and the amelioration of suffering to this inspired word of God, and so our late beloved Queen was perfectly right when she pointed to the dusky missionary and said" This is the Word, this is the foundation of Eng- land's greatness,England's Bible." The President of the United States said that the atmosphere of this word of God was cleansing and inspiring; while Ruskin acknow- ledged that to his early knowledge of the Bible be owed the best part of his taste for literature and the most essential part of his education. Glad- stone loved to call it the "impregnable rock of Scripture." It was his constant duty, and he wrote in his diary that on nearly all occasions of sharp pressure and trial some word of the Bible had been borne to his heart as if on angels' wings, and there were thousands in the world to-day who paid honiage and reverence to it. No matter what hostile attacks were made on it they only strengthened and widened the sphere of its influence and demonstrated the divinity that was within it, What made it immortal, what gave it an undying and ever growing influence was because it responded to the deepest needs and the loftiest aspira- tions of the human soul, supplying all its wants and needs. They could not hear the message unless they brought themselves into sympathetic touch with it. The service was followed by the sacrament of the Lord's Supper.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
PUBLIC MEETING AT BEWSEY ROAD. The Work and Needs of Methodism.

On Wednesday evening a public meeting was held in Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church, Mr. R. H. Posnett, of Runcorn, presiding over a fai r attendance. The speakers were the Revs. James Dunk, of Liverpool, G. Tatalun Newton, if Rhyl, and W. Russell Maltby, of Seaconibe. The CHAIRMAN congratulated the meeting upon the fact that the synod had by a very large vote decided to send their senior circuit steward, Mr. George Weaver to the conference to represent Warrington.He proceeded, to dwell upon the life and work of the late Peter Mackenzie, alluding to his warmth of fellowship and his desire to serve his brethren. Continuing he said that during the synod he had been ery much struck with the brotherly spirit, warmth, and kindliness which had pervaded the meetings. He believed Methodism was doing a great work in this country by its warmth and brotherliness. Let them keep that in and keep the frost out, and in all their work let them retain that spirit which made their Methodism so attractive to the workingman in the street. (Applause.) The Rev. JAMES DUNK delivered an eloquent address in which he dwelt upon the work which lay before the church. They recognized, he said, that the fruit of the Spirit wns in all goodness, righteousness and truth and that there were many beautiful things to be found out- side the church. If they wanted to know where typical human nature was to be discovered they had to look inside the Church of the Lord Jesus. How wonderful d varied were the gradings of the Christian character!

The church had to find out some power to put before the people, some persuasion that would unify the marvellously diversified mass of human character. They should turn their eyes and endeavour to read a little more closely and accurately the heart of the age in which they lived. One of the first things they would discover was that there was a tremendous increase of intensity on all sides. The worldly man was getting more worldly, but he believed it was true to say that the Christian man was getting more Christian. The speaker referred to what were known as " the days of monsters "in past ages. They were, he continued, living in an age of monsters to-day. There was not the slightest doubt that there had been and there was going on a cultivation of the lower sides of life and, if they could only outline it and get the details rigid and clear before them and brood upon that one thing, their hearts would be broken in twain for very sorrow and compassion that such things could be allowed in Eng- land to-day. He need say nothing about the slums of our great cities nor about some of those isolated villages which were worse than the slums. Not only would they find the monsters at that end of life, but they would find them at the other end. If he were to give an illustration of where monsters were to be found he would go to the House of Commons and he would see there a number of men who were not ashamed to do their very best to fasten upon the back, and heart, and vitals of England the damnable drink trade. (Applause.) Yes, this was an age of monsters, and the man who wanted to know where he should be and what he should do must look the monsters in the face. They must remember that there were people on the under-side of the monsters, who were suffering from their greed, from woe and from terror. In illustra- tion of his point the speaker alluded to the battle of Borodino where in the evening it was said, the moaning of the wounded was heard like the noise of the sea. If, he said, they could get every voice to be quiet and listen to the cry of human life now, the wail of the wounded at Borodino would hens sweet to them in comparison as the prattling of a child. Let commerce stay her million wheels, let the pleasure seeker stay his dancing and his song,let beauti- ful ecclesia' the church herself, stay her ecclesiastical doings and duties, and industries, and let her live in absolute silence and listen. Let her think of the hearts of the children that were suffering in wicked homes that night, of the young men and women whose lives were being blighted, of the old men who might have been honoured and their white hairs covered with a crown of righteousness, but who were moaning and sighing out their days, waiting for the Redeemer to bring them into the light and gladness which had been denied them on earth. If they could gather all this together and it could come home to the heart, they would think of the Borodino wounded as of an hour of gladness in comparison with the misery that would force itself upon their hearts in the moment of hush. The speaker urged his hearers to stand up in the name of God and to do what they could for the help of their brethren. They wanted to get back to simple obedience. They wanted more military drill in the Church. Then hey would be able to use their forces better.(Applause). The Rev. G. TALALUN Newton said he was proud to belong to the Methodist Church because of its zontri- bution during the past century to the development and elevation of the human race. They were gathered to- gether in order to stimulate and inspire one waother to a more earnest effort, walking in the footstep of their fathers to improve the state of the nation and to ex- tend the empire of Jesus Christ. He had no doubt whatever that the origin of Methodism was divine, that John Wesley was called into the services which he ren- dered by God Himself. The Methodist Church was a spiritual institutkon and the work which was entrusted to them was the regeneration of society through the con- version of the individual. The bringing of the individual into close fellowship with the living Christ was the great purpose of their church. The great awakening of the past century they longed again to see and to realize in the twentieth .century. He did not stand before them as a pessimist. He knew that there were some men who had but little hope of the progress of humanity. Relying upon the promise of God, revealed through Jesus Christ, they were not pessimists. The spiritual triumphs of the past were so many that they were able to rejoice because of the hopefulness within them. They looked forward to greater liberty, to greater success, and to mightier triumphs than they had experienced in the past. They sometimes got depressed at the difficulties sur- rounding them, but he was absolutely certain that the human race stood upon a higher altitude to-day than it had ever done before. Methodism had always been and must be a spiritual church seeking for the spiritual progress and advancement of the race. Removed from sa.cerdotalism and latitudinarianism it emphasised con- version, fellowship and sanctification. Ho asked his hearers not to be disappointed by ecclesiastical pre- judice and pointed out that to-day 30 millions called themselves Methodists. He was thankful that from this town men had gone forth to preach the Gospel. (Applause.) The REV. W. RUSSELL MALTBY devoted part of his address to the temperance question. Mr. Newton, he said, would no doubt call him a pessimist, but, if our nation had got so far from all reality that it thought the important thing to do to-day was to see that brewers lost no money, what hope had they got? It seemed to him that there was a great and splendid piece of work waiting for Methodism and that there was an army of people who in manifold ways, seemed to have been pre- pared by God to do a mighty work. The pity of it was that only in the smallest degree had they awakened to the fact that they were made for the work. The rev, gentleman urged the necessity of getting hold of the multitudes who were scattered abroad as sheep without a :shepherd, and bringing them to the Shepherd. Sometimes he wished the Almighty would be pleased to burn down some chapels in order that they might look at things afresh. I have said more than I meant to say" he added the next moment. What he felt was that he wanted to know in his heart the message that would reach any man; that he could be able to preach Christ to any man by the wayside, church •or no church. They wanted to address themselves, con- cluded the speaker, direct to the souls of men, caring nothing of what happened to Methodism so long as the Kingdom of Christ was established, and men and women were saved. (Applause). A vote of thanks to the chairman and speaker con- cluded the meeting.

MEETING AT PENKETH. The Aims of Methodism. Mr. C. E. Parker presided at a Synod public meeting held at Penketh on Wednesday evening. In the course of a few observations on the subject of "What is a man worth?" Mr. Parker said it was customary to measure a man's worth by the amount of money he had. This was a very poor measure of a man's worth. A man's worth was a man's character, and the Methodist church must ever be loyal to this great fact. The men whose lives had been of the most worth, and who had done most for this world, were not the men who had amassed money but the men who had been strong in character and loyal to their God. In the eighteenth century there was one man, not rich in this world's. goods,the son of a poor clergyman, to whom divine inspiration, and divine afflatus and strength were given. This man, made of God, aroused England—aroused the moral sense of England, and brought, in a great measure, England back to God. That man died and if they were to ask what that man was worth in the common acceptation of the term, they would find he was worth a few silver spoons and two or three tea-pots, but if they were to measure him by his moral worth—if they measured his life from a spiritual standpoint—they would find that that man had done a marvellous and grand work, and left behind him the church of which they were the representatives, he meant the Wesleyan Church. (Hear, hear). The Rev. F. PLATT, M.A. 8.D., of Colwyn Bay de- livered an address and said if they could realise a little more than they did the peculiar significance that was associated in the religious life of their country with the Methodist Church and its organization, they might be more fit to carry out the purposes which they felt God had appointed a peculiar place in the history of the evangelisation of this country and the world at large. Methodism had still a peculiar province of her own amongst the churches of this land. Methodism had been described as the religion of emotion, but that was not a fair description. He thought the calling and mission of the Methodist people was compressed in the single line " 0 let me commend my Saviour to you." That was their distinctive calling—to go to the people with the message that there was salvation. Methodism was the religion of experience,and to be true, Methodism must be essentially experimental. The Rev. S. T. HousE, of Blackpool said he had at- tended almost 40 synods, and he rejoiced in the fine spiritual tone of the synod meetings at Warrington. One of the things Methodism must do, was th maintainl its spiritual and religious teaching. Alluding to the increase in the membership in the Liverpool district of 669 during the past year, the speaker said he believed it to be the largest increase in any of the Wesleyan districts, but he thought that with all the workers and teachers in the Liverpool dis- trict, the increase ought to be larger. It took the Wesleyan Church 50 years to double its numbers. It was not God's will that the salvation of men should go forward at this slow rate, and he believed that if the Methodist church was true to its mission oven greater results would be achieved. Mr. Isaac Holden said it wris necessary to take our Christianity into our politics. The duty of Christian people was so to live and act among their fellows that the most gospel-hardened would be influenced by the character and example of those who were inspired by Christian principles. The services of the speakers and chairman were acknowledged on the proposition of Mr. Holden, seconded by the Rev. C. Potts, formerly superintendent of the Warrington Circuit, and supported by the Rev. John Gubnell. A public meeting was also held at Padgate, and synod sermons were preached at Gym' and Moore.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETING IN SUPPORT OF THE LIVERPOOL MISSION.

The concluding public meeting in connection with the Synod, held in the Bewsey-road Church on Thursday evening, was on behalf of the Liverpool Mission, and there was a gratifyingly large attendance. lathe absence of Councillor Dodds, who had an engagement out of town, the chair was occupied by Mr. Phillip Garnett,

... ..,......n..1.

who, in the course of his address, said probably few - men knew more of the late Charles Garratt, the founder of the Liverpool Mission, than his (the speaker's) late father. He himself had had the pleasure of hearing Charles Garrett and of seeing him in his father's house. All those who had heard him and come into his presence could not help but feel the warmth of his heart. I? conclusion Mr. Garnett commended the effort which is being made to raise £16,000 fore memorial hall in Liver- pool.

- The Rev. T. GALL/IND HARTLEY, chairman of the district, wished to heartily express his intense interest in the work of the mission. The late Charles Garratt exerted a powerful influence on Methodism generally and an exceptionally powerful influence on the lives of some in that district. It was only a fitting thing that in Liverpool city and district they should have a memorial to one who did so much work not only in the. cause of religion but also of philanthropy. The great, hall that was to be commenced in the course of the next few months and completed in several years would they believed be a fitting memorial to the late Charles Garratt. In all good work in the Liverpool district Warrington took a proud position and did liberal things - He had had the joy of realizing how great was the, influence for good on circuit life of the missions of modern Methodism. He heartily commended the Liver- pool mission to the sympathy and generosity of the- audience.

The Rev. A. H. WALKER, secretary of the district briefly addressed the gathering. The work of the Liverpool Mission was interestinglr described by Mr. CHADWICK. He referred to "the' wretched, poverty-stricken, drink-ridden masses lived in in that wretched place—the north end of Liver- pool." If the gentlemen who were anxious to protect the interests of the brewers could spend a week or a- fortnight with him in that district he would be able to produce such arguments that if they had hearts to feel and ears to hear, if they had consciences, and a respect for their fellow-men' they would be compelled to gG. back to the House of Commons and say that every maw who represented his fellow-men in this country ought to do his very best to deliver those wh°' had no power to deliver themselves from the over- abounding influences for evil which were crowded anct crammed on their very doorsteps. Mr. Chadwick referred to the large number of public-houses in the, north end of the city, and to the evil which was wrought in the homes by drink. Many a time he had bees moved to tears to see little children in the streets; crushed, cursed, starved and naked. Mr. Chadwick explained how people had been reformed through the agency of the. mission, and spoke hopefully of the work that lay before them. _

The Rev. JOSEPH JACKSON, superintendent of the mission, addressed the meeting. Liverpool, he said,was an improving place. They had reduced the number of licences more than in any other city. The Lord forbid that the rate of reducing should stop! If the Licens- ing Bill passed it simply meant that they would be able- to touch only a handful of licences, and they would have- to pay pretty heavy compensation. The Lord save them from that calamity! In a short snace of time they had reduced the police force by 200, in spite of the growth of population. They had to thank the licensing magis- trates and to see that theirpowers were not curtailed but enlarged. They also had to thank the Vigilance Com- mittee, and the work that Charles Garratt did for over twenty years and the splendid social schee. he inaugurate m d in the British workman public houses opened in every part of the city. Mr. Jackson said the only healing ministry that could reach the people was through the Gospel of Jesus Christ- "Go in for sanitation as fast as you can" said the speaker "but it is not an equivalent to sanctification. Change a man as much as you like, but you have'nt, accomplished much till you change his surroundings.' The rev, gentleman gave details of the many-sided woric of the mission, telling how it extended to those who' had been in Walton gaol, to dwellers in common lodg- ing houses, and to factory girls. If there was anythimiC they emphasised it was work for the young. They had 3,000 Sunday school scholars enrolled and 300 teachers, nearly all of.whom had been converted in the mission. Mr. Jackson told of how tne mission helped the home- less and starving people who drifted to Liverpool from all over the kingdom and from abroad. The wawa! expenditure on the work amounted to £5,500. In regard to the memorial to Charles Garratt, it waa proposed to build a hall to seat 25,000 people and a smaller hall to accommodate 750. They had signed the builder's contract for £27,383 and they had yet to raise. £16,500 in order to open the buildings free from debt. It was hoped that the memorial hall would be a great centre of evangelizing work. (Applause.) Owing to the lateness of the hour Mr. Gipsy Evens, another enthusiastic mission worker, was unable to de- liver an address. Mrs. Evens, who is possessed of a sweet and powerful voice, very feelingly sang sacred solos. The usual votes of thanks concluded a successful meeting.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE BAPTIST'

ASSOCIATION.

District Meeting.

On Thursday afternoon and evening the spring Tneetr logs of the Warrington and District Baptist Union branch of the above association were held in the historig Baptist Church at Hill Cliffe. The afternoon proceed- ings were somewhat varied, the first part being taken up' by business of the association,the chief item being the change in the title of the association in order to widen the area of the association's influence, it being decided to bring in the Lymm,Widnes, Golborne and Earlestown Churches. Afterwards a very able paper on "The out- look of the Times" was read by the Rev. J. F. Matthews and was much appreciated by his audience,as is evidence& by the discussion that followed. Tea was then partaken of in the schoolroom and was - much enjoyed by those who sat down at the well-laden tables. In the evening a public meeting was held over which the Rev. J. S. Hughes presided. Vigorous speeches were delivered by the Rev. H. Dunnico, the Revs. J. Morley and Mr. Norman Balmford, during the course of which a resolution was proposed by the Rev. H.Dunnico and secondedby Mr.Clatworthy condemning" several proposals of the Licensing Bill, and it was agree'- that a copy of such resolution should be forwarded to' Mr. Balfour the Prime Minister. - -

• A vote of thanks on the proposition of Mr. Few' seconded by Mr. T. Albinson and supported by Mr- Billinge was then carried and the meeting was shortly" after closed by the singing of the Doxology. Both the ' ater noon and evening meetings were well attended.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DROWNED AT SANKEY.

The body of a man unknown was found in the Sankey* canal near Messrs. Clare and Ridg*ay's smithy on Thurs— day afternoon at3.3o.The'body was removed to the mortu— ary at Sankey Chapel House, where it lies awaiting identification. The body appears to be that of .5 fitter, about 30 years of age, sft. 7in. in height. He Is- of fair complexion, blue eyes, brown hair, slight moustache, no whiskers but "side blinds." The body was dressed in a black cloth cnat and vest, dark grey' tweed trousers, red, white and blue striped cotton shirt brown socks, and laced-up boots. In the pockets the name and address of" E. Kitson, 3, Hirst-street, Wake- field," was given. There was also the name and address- of "William Henry Kitson, 566, Rooby-lane, Dudley Hill-road, Wakefield." There were also found in the pockets a knife, centre punch, 2 foot rule and 5 small keys.

===== 0002601_19040514_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
RHEUMATISM AND PARALYSIS.

THEIR COMPLETE HOME CURE.

POST FREE TO READERS OF THE 'WARRINGTON EXAMINFO

FOR TEN DAYS ONLY.

A handsome illustrated treatise, giving full descriP- tion of Rheumatism and Paralysis, with instructions for a complete home cure, describing the most successful treatment in Great Britain,recomtnended by the Ministrf and endorsed by medical men. This highly intructive- book was written by W. H. Veno, a gentleman who has' made a special study of these diseases. The preface - is by a graduate of the University of Wurtzburg. Son& post card to-day and you will receive the book free bl" return.—Address, The Veno Institute, 297, Cedar street Hulme, Manchester. •

Warrington.—Printed and Published bv JOHN WALb:Ol# & Co., at The Examiner General Y'rinting Works, BewPay-street, and published by them at the sasl6 place,and also at The Examiner.ollices,Victoria-roadf WIDNES 32, George-street, Sr. HELENS; 3, Market- street, EARLESTOWN; Church—street RUNCORN, INIA-C 14Th 1904.

===== 0002601_19040514_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
J OSEIT WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURNISHED TJNDPAS PERSONAL SOPER7ISION. 88TIMATHS GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORIE. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO. B. W ADS WORTH, SOLE AGENT FOR THE WORLD-FAM E Deg PIANOS OF JOHN BROADWOOD & SONS. ADDRESS : 59 SANKEY—ST., WARRINGTON.

tAPTIST CHURCH, WARRINGTON.— TO-MORROW (SuhDAy), MAY 15TE, MORNING AT 10.45; MR. BAILEY. Wttur No EVENPIG SERVICE. -SUNDAY: SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY "---_ BRRVICRS IN PARR HALL AT 2.30 AND 6.30.

STREIIT W ESLEY AN CHLRCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) MAY 15th. At 10.30 MR. %V. BROUGH. At 6.30 Rev. W. 0. J. NBVILLII. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

LE/V-SEY- ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH. ID-MORROW (SUNDAY) MAY 15th. At 10-30. Mr. G. W. LITTLRR. At 6-30. t RBV G. H. CARNSON. ----___ All welcome Hymn Books provided.

tAPTIST CHURCH LATCEIFORD. ANNUAL CHOIR SERMONS, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), MAY 35TH, 1934. PREACHER: REV. J. F. MATTHEWS. 10-30 A.M., 6-0 P.M. ORGANIST.: MR. HARRISON. COLLECTIONS IN AID OF CHOIR FONDS. WHIT MONDAY. Ist. V.B. SOUTH LANCASHIRE REGIMENT. REGIMENTAL HORSE RACES TO BE HELD NEAR WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY AT 2.30 P.M. SIX RACES. "BY GREENALL HAS KINDLY CONSENTED TO PRESENT THE PRIZES. ADMISSION is. AND 3s. WIRRAL & BIRKENHKAD AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY'S GREAT SHOW, BEBINGTON, (NEAR BIRKENHEAD), JUNE 14TH, 15TH AND 16TH. (Bogs, Poultry and Pigeons 14th and 15th only) PRIZES EXCEED £2,500. ENTRIES CLOSE :—Stock &c., 23rd May, Dogs, Poultry and Pigeons 30th May. Free admission to Horse Rug Enclosure each day. ARTHUR H. EDWARDSON, Secretary. scp—ißtn'it are, Birkenhead._ ''uNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.- HORSE PARADE. PRESIDENT : SIR GILBERT GREEISIALI, BART. THE FOURTH ANNUAL PARADE WILL TAKE PLACE ON SATURDAY, MAY 21sT. 'irETITORS TO BR ON THE FIELD BEHIND ARPLEY STATION AT 11.45. JUDGING AT 12 PROMPT. n '°RlDetitor not in his place when the Judging ences will be disqualified. NTBANCE FOR OOMPH TITORS BY WAY OF SLUTCHER'S LANs ONLY. , n, wit° b •0113petitore will take up their places in Slutcher's eyond the entrance to the Parade Ground at, 1.30 p Dote„OESSIO ti will start Punctually at 2 p.m. when a on 5.,40T10N WILL BR MADE along the line of route L4`nalf of Lecal Charities. the 81111 OREENALL has again kindly consented to present larou:`, Cups, Medals and R.S.P.C.A, Diplomas on the "'`.` 'immediately after the Judging. THE PUBLIC ARE CORDIALLY INVITED. J. FULTON SMITH, Hon.T?reas. • G. VENN, Hon Secs. T. H. PRE rTY. MAN CH ESTER SHIP CANAL COMPANY (BRIDGEWATER DEPARTMENT) RUNCORN BOOKS TRAFFIC, BM Ara 'l/4.0 IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Company will PRND ,ktn„ WORK at RUNCORN DOCKS and BRIDGE- WHARVES on WHIT-MONDAY (Bank Holiday) i';l3,rd and WHIT-TUESDAY. May 24th. 1904. Craft heel able to enter and leave Runcorn Dooks to and t 53 Ship Canal and River as usual. elcitwo lines of Locks on the Bridgewater Canal will be tsj4 for repairs, and craft will not be allowed to pass. Other notices. J. OLDFIBLD. Superintendent. dgewater Canal Offices, Chester-road, Manchester. 13th, 1904.

OOUNTy BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. N Opp,„OTICR IS HRRRRY GIVRN that the WRIGHINa the h"11 IN THR IsIARKRT is OPRN DULY BRTViHRN Ile.:°Urs of 9 a.sn and 6 p.m. for the purpose of weighing ;num; of pigs and other at,imals. Markets Inspector's Office, ELT.Mhi PLAOI3. 13th May, 1904 la‘rkets Inspector.

(10-UNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. EDUCATION COMMITTEE. IMMEDIATELY. a HEAD NUMBS for e Infants' Department (Thewlis-street) of the Warrington atirhidsh School. The salary will commence at £lO5 per pa" 4111 end will be increased by £5 per annum to a AaXIMUM of £l3O. t._-.l3Plications must be made upon forms to be obtain ed ;eln the undersigned, ' and must be returned to him not liter than Eaturds Y, the 28th May, 1904. . MOORR MURRAY. Secretary and Director. ducat Ofßce, Warrington, 13th May. 1904.

(01.13NTY BOROUGH OP WARRINGTON._ EDUCATIO INT COM MITTEE. lIPNTED, AN ASSISTANT SCHOOL ATTENDANCE of CTOI4. Jalary, £65 per annum, rising to a maximum th 4- Candidates, who must be not less than 21 nor more 14,11 30 years of age, must state their age and previous to m, and be prepared to devote their whole time nuie service of the Committee eurvassing the ',members of the Committee, either person- Or otherwise, will be considered a disqualification. bc'l:4,llcations in Candidates' own handwriting, accompanied coDies of not more than three recent testimonials, must lent not later than r-aturday. the 21st May, 19)4. to J. MOORE MURRAY, Secretary and Director. ucation Office. Warrington, 1904. e()UNTY R9ROUGH Or WARRENGEON - 407,„:YEIGHTs MIRSURFIS ACV 1889, Dtra„ 11 IS HEREirIY GIVEN that the Town Council have to the above 'Act adopted a Regulation authorising *eliT.tOrs of Weights and Measures to verify and stamp ittibittps of 50Ibs of a distinctive shape approved and des- bY an Order in Council dated 9th October 1906. !It th—.l:l. of MOIR egulation has been deposited for inspection pi "'lees of the Town Clerk and the Inspector oi Weights ott „ftsures respectively and copes of the same can be had hs9,l3lleation to the undersigned. 1, %red this 14th day of Msy, 1904. Hall. Warrington. J. LYON WHITTLE. Town Clerk. ILERPOOL AND NORTH WALES MAR DAILY SAILINGS(Sundays included). 6—'le-steamer "Snowdon," leaving Prince's Landing 1°45 tat' (weather and circumstances permitting) at mae: for Llandudno, Beaumaris, and Bangor (with "41 Bridge connection). allowin4 3 hours ashore at st%te,sandltdno' and due back about 7 30 p.m. Biled Return t ervice to Menai Bridge on and after 19th Is --vial Increased sailing, for Whitsuntide Holidays. 4',Atint.r.sEy TRIPS.—Wbit Sunday and Monday, by h" L %.'l4lvies " at 9-15 r m. 4 vrtrg_uper:ll t 21st to 29th May at 10-45 s,m. let. ,elskn Llandudno. Beaumaris. 20a "?loon Return - IPor 'Moon Return tlte,itrertieularts as to Rates for Contracts and all further supply' to the Liverpool and North Wales Steam- Ltd.. T. G. Brew, Secretary, 40. Chapel at., Tel 6365. Guide 3d. post free. I.44NGLANDS SAILING To GREENOCK II PRI AND GLASGOW. rore NOICsS LOUISE "OR OTHER STRAMER. °lSt. IVURPOOL From GLASGOW Zee ent Dock Berths No. 22-28. North Side Int! ..,:"%y 17th 10 p.m. Fri. May 2Cth 2 p.m. *5.25 p.m. wiRN, 2, ts, ard 5 p.m. Thurs. May 26th 2 Dan. *6.10 p.m, sq'reir., 28th 9 p.m. Tues. May 31st 2 p.m. *5.25 pm. thee - Ir°lll Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). Vildn,.lal reduced through tickets from Warrington. It 0144 !to. Ittrno,"Y PARFR FEOld LIvaRpOOL :—Cabin, Single,lls. ; IP'EetA.,!'„se for two rnmiths),l6s. Pd. Steerave,Single, .s 5 6d. ; FIRTURN TICKETS.—(VaIid for 10 days). Cabin t"Re 3s. 3d. 14. nb 431. LANGLANDS AND SONS, ctOssi STREET, MANCHESTER. PLACE. LIVERPOOL.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS; BANJOS. STRINGS, of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER. (Pupil of G. A. Chanot) 57, RENSHAW—STRENT (corner of Benson-street), LIVERPOOL.

MACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly, adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 20.5:. GOLD IN LAY 40s. MACDON ALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS.I to 7.30 LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY , ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. GOLD AND bILVER WATCHES, DIAMOND AND OTHER RINGS, CHAINS, BROOCHES, PINS, STUDS. LINKS, and all other Articles of Jewellery practically GIVEN AWAY At the Prices Marked in the Window. Call and see for yourselves before going elsewhere. --- SPECIAL OFFER.-22ct. Gold Wedding Rings sold by weight. All shapes and sizes at 6/9 "R PERI WISTATE 17I'MN6-ARYOOORB ? 6/9 A Large Stock of Clocks. Bronzes, Forks, and Spoons, Cutlery. Ac. by best makers, at giving-away prices. AT. RUMENS, JEWELLER, &(-** 4, MANCHESTER; srREEr, LIVERPOOL. -- NOTE.—MONEY Advanced on all kinds of Valuables Lowest Rates of Interest. -

P RIVATE DETECTIVE AGENCY, ALFRED B. HOPLEY, 37. Jubilee Drive, Liverpool, conduct,' inquiries of all kinds personally and confidentially. Agents In the U. S. A. and Canada.

V lOLIN s—NEW METHOD BY dEVCIK, tutor of Kubellk and Koolau. For terms apply Mr. T. BOOTHROYD'S VIOLIN. MANDOLINE, ZITHER, BANJO, AND GUITAR STUDIO, 9, SUBZ-STRBET, WARRINGTON.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTE I TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURR FRo]st 3/6 EA CH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LIME ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL. -_

QTOCK-TAKING SALE.—COSTUMS STANDS 1.3 from se. 6d. each. Tailors' CLOTH BLOCKS from 10s. 10d. doz. STOOK BOXRS from 10s. doz. BRASS SHOP WINDOW FITTINGi at manufacturers prices. —T. YATES, 20, BROWNLOW HILL, LIVIIRPOOL.

BOYS YOU WANT BOOTS I'm offPrlng Sixty I WANT TRADE Styles in Box Calf and Glace Kle at Si. 6d. a ET'S GET TOGETHER Lime. 1.4 ARTHUR EVANS. PnWILL 155. ALDERSGATIt SI. LONDON. DEpARTMENTBIS, LONDON ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

MIIE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- -1 pared to receive LOANS, either at six months'i notice or for a r:rm of years. Application to be made to the BononGH TRELFIURER. Municical Offices. Warrinqtrm.

OHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL.—DAIRY SCHOLARSHIPS . —The EDUCATION COM- MITTEE OFFERS a number of SCHOLARSHIPS tenable for Twelve weeks at the Dairy Institute, Worleston • and commencing May 30th to obtain instruction in Dairy work. Application forms can now be obtained from R. P. WARD, Director of Education, City road, Chester.

CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL.—The COUNTY ) EDUCATION COMMITTEE OFFERS FOR CO i. PETITION A NUMBER OF • SCHOLARSHIPS, tenable at the Agricultural School, Holmes Chapel. for Instruc- tion in Agriculture and Horticulture. Forms of appli- cation are now ready, and can be obtained from the Director of Education, County Education Offices, City Road, Chester.

WHIT-WEEK HOLIDAYS. AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHERS SHOULD PAT A VISIT TO THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT. LARGEST STOCK OF NEW AND SECOND-HAND CAMERAS AND SCIENTIFIC INSTRUMENTS ETC IN MANCHESTER. sEcoND-HAND LIST NOW READY POST FREE. THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71, OXFORD ROAD (NEAR ALL SAM'S) MANCHESTER. A-WEEK'S HOLIDAY IN IRELAND FOR 398. 6D. INCLUDES SALOON ON STEAMER (TO AND FROM LIVERPOOL). 3rd Class Rail, 14 miles drive along the County Down Coast. giving an elaborate View of the Famous Mourne Mountains. also Board and Lodgings in let Class Hotel. FREE PASS given to Foreman an d others capable of organising parties of ten. Further particulars on application to HARPER. NEWPORT- STREET, LIVERPOOL.

A. AND J. IVULAINE, PAN, NBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMiTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPHL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD &ND WINER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Leto( Nrilamen Strictest secrecy and etralzhtforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes. China, Marble Clocks. Pictures, ito., ac., always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BAIMLINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY. LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARP' PINS, BROOCHES, So.. Ito We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES Tly POST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings ot all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Low _ does in Li gerpool for Gold Chains. . _ _ Caret ally Selectee Stook of GOLD BROOCHES BRACELETS. /cc. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to snit all pockets. M'LAIN R ICFI MOND MEET. LIVERPOOL.

ROCHE S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual HOOFING COUGH cure without internee HOOP COUGH medicine. ---- HOMING COUGH OP all Chemists Drice 4s. per tottle. Slle Wholesale BRONCHITIS Agents: W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria CROUP Street, London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

SPECIAL WHITSUNTIDE DISPLAY OF SUMMER FASHIONS, THE LATEST CREATIONS IN MILLINERY, BLOUSES, SUNSHADES, COSTUMES, &c. NEWEST DRESS MATERIALS, SILKS„ TRIMMINGS, &c. A CHARMING COLLECTION OF NEW LACE VEILS, GLOVES, RIBBONS, 14CE, &c., &c. JAMES ATKINSON, 7, 11, AND 13, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

WINDOW BLINDS. WIND° W I3LI TDS. WILCOCK AND SADLER, SUPPLY AND FIX ALL KINDS OF HOLLAND WINDOW BLINDS. INCLUDING CRRAVI OR BCRU, EITHER PLAIN, OR TRIMMED WITH LACE. COMPETENT MAN SENT OUT TO MEASURE AND FIX IF REQUIRED. WILCOCK & S ADLER (LITE WITH MESSRS. J. & W. DUTTON), TOP OF CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON

SUMMER FASHIONS. SUMMER FASHIONS. J. AND W.D U T TON. THEIR BUYERS HAVING RETURNED FROM THEIR SECOND VISIT TO LONDON THIS SEASON, THEY ARE NOW MAKING THEIR PRINCIPLE DISPLAY OF SUMMER FAS HIONS IN MILLINERY, COSTUMES, JACKETS, MANTLES, BLOUSE, UNMADE ROBES, &c. 16, 18, & 20, SANKEY ST WARRINGTON.

MERSEY CYCLE COMPANY 79, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. SOLE AGENTS FOR THE F RIJ DGE- WHIT WORTH C Y CLES ARIEL CYCLES, SUNBEAM CYCLES, RILEY CYCLI'S AND MOTORS. ALL BICYCLES SOLD BY US ARE INSURED AGAINST ACCIDENT AND THEFT FREE. CYCLES AND MOTORS SOLD ON EASY PAYMENTS. SECOND HAND BICYCLES IN GOOD ORDER FROM £2. J. BUXTON, MANAGER.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLUCK, BRIDGE Sri:RE ET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IP: THE COUNTY. 100.000 PM RS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOW:. IMMENSE dVARIETY. UN DER THE CLOCK.

J. M. GREENHALGH & CO” CABINET MAKERS, UPHOLSTERERS & DECORATORS, 1.38 & 'OXBRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, .3EG 70 INFORM THE PUBLICS THAT THEY WILL HAVE ON StIOW DURING NEXT WEEK A VERY FINE SELECTION OF DINING-ROOM, DRA WING-ROO AND BED-ROO F URNITURE, SUITES RANGING FROM .E 9 UPWARDS. INSPECTION CORDIALL I INVITED.

THIS IS AN AGE OF SMARTNESS. THE EFFORT OF THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT IS TO PRODUCE SOMETHING SMART IN CLOTHING FOR ALL CLASSES. THEY RESPECTFULLY SUBMIT IT TO YOUR JUDGMENT. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT. 8 & io, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

ESTABLIS 11 ED 18,38. RICHARD J-EFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERI'Cf_IL, FRAMS MAKER AND PRINT SELLER, A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, sultabletfor Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, Ic. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF PILO I'OGRAPHS for Crystoieum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL.' EWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. PAWNBROKERS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAI.CHES. ALL TIM LEADING AIA/CEDS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY ON NVNBT DESCRIPTIoN. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old cold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Money advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, so., to env einunnt at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive Prompt attention. TELEPHONE. 2061.

S. FERNLEY, LTD., 71, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. -WATCHES. CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALLI ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTEllt; WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES f rora B. CUNNINGHAM' WIEWICIC ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWEN STREBT.j

" MAGB EL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. sHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE 4s. 6D., AND 55., SD. J. O. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

_ HARGR AVE S TOBACCOS. ESTAB. HARGRAVES' CIGARS 70 1 YEARS. HARGRAVES' / CIGAREIT ES. ; MANUFACTORY: SwAN-qIRRBT. MANCHRSTRR.

THE THE EMPIRE THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE THE FURNISHING' CO. EMPIRE ; THE EMPIRE 300 AND 302, EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE STOCKPORT ROAD. Ell Pi RE THE C-on -M. MANCHESTER, Business THE EMPIRE hours 9.a.m: to 9 p.m.; Saturday 10 EMPIRE THE p,m, ; Wednesday 1 p.m. THE : „EMPIRE,, Why envy your neighbour's home? EMPIRE -21-`" We will make your home cosy enough THE EMPIRE with WELL-MADE FURNITURE EMPIRE THE THE On Our EMPIRE EMPIRE THE EASY PAYMENT SYSTEM THE EMPIRE at strictly CASH PRICES, which is the EMPIRE THE reason of our THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE GREAT SUCCESS. THE EMPIRE Intending' Purchasers would do well to EMPIRE THE IvSPRCP OUR STOCK AND THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE JUDGE FOR THEMSELVES. THE EMPIRE General terms. which can be altered. EMPIRE THE Terms: THE EMPIRE Worth. Monthly EMPIRE THE £lO . EMPIRE £l5 143. EMPIRE THE £2O 163. THE EMPIRE £3O 243, EMPIRE THE £5O 303. THE EMPIRE Or weekly payments in EMPIRE THE proportion. THR EMPIRE No security and only small deposit. EMPIRE THE Transaction's private. Goods sent free. THE EMPIRE Catalogues sent post free. Cars pass EMPIRE THE the door, and the conductor will set you THE EMPIRE down '• by request " at EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE,- THE EMPIRE THE Corner of Milton Street. EMPIRE EMPIRE Ive pay return railway fare to each EMPIRE THE purchase:, from districts where this THE EMPIRE (paper is circulated.) " /EMPIRE

MOTOR CARS, MOTOR CYCLES AND CYCLES. LEADING LINES : PREMIER'S .........£l2 12s. 03. EXCELSIOR'S ...............£lO 103. Od. SPARKBROOK'S SOLE AGENT FOR : EXCELSIOR MOTOR CYCLES, M.M.C. CARS, ELSWICS CARS, &c, QUOTATION'S FOR ANY MAKR. SEE THE 6i H.P. ELSWICK CAR, Price 135 GUINRAS, the Wonder of the Sinter World. J. S. GARLAND, INVITES INaPECTION AT THE SHOWROOMS, 51, 53, & 55, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

.-fflonen

ESIABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREET, FIANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from RIO to 21.000. ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. DAItTI E ti wishing for temporary CASH ADVANJES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROWER. THE ABSENCE OF ALL FEES. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED, AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED IN ANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SFCRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative mill call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions at Their own homes or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known. and my reputation stands unrivalled.

THE NATIONAL LOAN SOCIETY is expressly established and registered pursuant to act of parliament to make private advaoces without loan office formalities to all classes from £lO To £l,OOO ON SIMPLE WRITTEN PitOMI.,B TO REPAY for any immediate want to start in business, furnish your house to pay rent or rates or for any private use. The advance can be paid back by easy instalments or can remain out from one to five years by paving the interest only. Having a large capital always ready for investment, we ca.' lend quickly and cheaply. Distance no object. Interest and repayments lowest in England or Wales. Strictly confidential. Repay- ments arranged to suit Applicants' own convenience. The money is advanced at applicants own house, if required, thus saving them the trouble and expense of a journey. Farmers can have cash on terms that no other office cau possibly offer. On receipt of application, representative will call and, if satisfied, will complete the advance. FORMS OF APPLICA- TION FREE. Call or write in confidence TO TH/1 NATIONAL LOAF SOCIETY, 41, CORPORATION ST-, MANCHESTES. BRANCH: 70, Beam st., Nantwich.

IMPORTANT ANN*UNCEMENT TO THE PUBLIC. WE ARE PRISPARED TO GRANT SPECIAL TERMS TO ALL PERSONS BORROWING MONEY FROM US. Do NOT HESITATE. BUT WRITE AT ONCE, WHEN OUR MANAGER WILL CALL UPON You AND GRANT You THE AMOUNT You REQUIRE. NOTE THE ADDRESS 1, EAST STREET , (NE IR THE COUNTY COURT), ST. HELENS. EstAblished the last Century.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUES Office and Salerooms: No, 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Second-hand Fnrniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture. &a.. warehoused.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUMS (NOT LESS THAN £10), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the ilastl23 years the total amount lent by the undersigned EXCEEDED £1,250,000 1 He has received hundreds of unsolicited letters of thanks. and bits annually, for the past eirht yaars. issued selec- tions from these in pamphlets, ot which more Man 300,030 copies have been printed. Prospectuses. terms for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied free of charge, on application, either personally or by letter, to : GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870. ADVANCES FROM £5 UPWARDS.

G_EDDESS DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered te the Publl3. Sold by all Grocers and Drnigglsts,l‘ ganistes 5d.. 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDHS AND BON. LTD WaRRINGTON RSTATILISHIM 1833.

VXPECTATIONS UNDIIR WILLS.—AII entitled to Oath JD or Property at death of persons now living can borrow at five per cent.per annurn,ort.ell.—Mr.SEßESFOßD COOMBES. 1, Grayabott rd., London, S.W.

TIOROMPT ADVANCES DAILY, £3 to £5OO, note of band 1. alone. No bondsmen. No bill of sale. No sureties. On the following terms . Loan £3 To repay £1 12s. 25 26 210 If 212 220 •9 224 These are the best terms in the district. Call or write and be convince.l. Manager. 21, DIXON STREET, WARRINGTON.

UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED Established 1838. Registered Capital, £lOO,OOO. HEAD OFFICE: 38, UE:fBlt&w-9rREET. LIVERPOOL. Advances made from £5 to £5,000 upon personal security. Deeds, Shares. Policles,Reversions Annuities. ac. £lO Repayable ss. weekly. Entire interest...2o 14s. 94. £5O ~ 20e. „ £3 8. Od. £lOO 40s. „ 9/ £6 15s. Od. Other sums proportionately. Bills discounted. Also ad- vances for fixed periods. SHARES bought and sold for customers—Further particulars on application, personally or by letter. Tel. 2438 Royal (Liverpool). RICHARD DAVIES, Manager.

NO FURS! NO PINES ! ! NO PUBLICITY ! ! I AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY X., in STRICTEST PRIVACY to all respectable House- holders, Tradespeople. Farmers, and all I arsons worthy of credit, without sureties or bondsmen, '1 on simple promis- sory note only," at reasonable interest and easy repayments to suit all classes. Distance no object. Call or write in confidence to THE CHESHIRE ADVANOtI CO. 25. Cairo-street. Sankey-street, Warrington; also at le, Greenwood-street, Altrincham. Hevl Office: 59,Brunswick- street, Hightowp, Manchester. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

MONEY! MONEY ! ! MON ICY ! U £5 TO £lOOO, To each and everyone a hearty invitation is offered before going elsewhere to call or write to m In con- fidence and convince yourself 'hat mine is the lowest interest and lowest rate of repayment in lingland. This entire charge £5 to repay £5 6s. Od. £lO to repay £l2 Os. Od. £2O .. £24 Os, Od. £4B Os. Od Larger sums I..rooortionately. No bona-lide application refused. For honourable and straightforward dealing apply at once to J.JRNNINGS Manager(private house),9,A.OADR IY- ST.. WARRINGTON. fir s delay. Strictest privscv whether business done or not. Cash delivered on day of application. Distance no object.

ADVANCES £3 TO £SOO.—DON'T PAY FEKS As those Offices who ask for fees,will only pooket your fee and refuse the advance. NO FEES OF ANY KIND CHARGED. NO SCR 4TIEi REIVIRED. NO IMPS° T- AbLE APPLICATION refused. NO FINES IF UNABLB to pay for a few weeks through illness or being out of work. HONEST and STRAIGHFOFtWAND dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arraneed to suit applicants. Apply and be csonvin.ed to the—Manager, J. CALVERT. CLAUGHTOWCHAMBERS,I. CLAUGHTON STRRICT (npoosite Dr. Knowles) ST. HELENS.

VROM £3 AND UPWARDS. DONT FAIL TO A.' GIVE US A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEIT INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable Is 6d weekly £2O repayable 7s 6d weekly. £5 ~ 2s Cd „ £5O 17s 6d „ £lO „ 2s 6d „ COO „ 39i63 „ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply in con- fidence to MADRICE AND CO,. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGERREN. bliss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTA.NOH. Houßs, 9 am to 9 pm, N.A.—LETTERS PItniRPTLY ITTIV-MRT) TO.

£5. £7, £lO, £2O. .C3O, £5O, moo. A DVANCEN MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- SINN. FARNIHRS. WORKINOIIdIiN, and all Respect. atle Househotders, on their own "comity, without delay, on your simple written pr ,mise to pay hack. PAIR AND HONOURABLN DEALINGS. EVERY INFORIIATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS. WIDNES. FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANA4es JOEiti EL GOOU WIN. i t thi. Twelkv, Years.

LOANS GRANTED DAILY, ANY DISTANCE, FROM R 5 r 0 c€l,ooo FOR ANT IMMEDIATE WANT, BUSINrSB OR PRIVATE, also for purchasing or staring new business, on simple promissory note. No fines. All applications immediately attended to. Apply in confid- ence, personally or by letter, to TFIT4 STANDARD LOAN CO.. 4, P STREET, WARRINGTON. S PIO IL TERMS TO FARMERS. D OFFICE: 9 CORPORATION ST., MAN CHESTER £lO, .CIS, .C2O, £25, f.. 50.—ADVANCES c 4.0.1 MAIM to ALL PERSONS WORTHY of CREDIT, on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TERMS FOR SHORT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit made by our Manager on same day of application who will grant you the money AT ONOE satisfactory. NOTE: THE BRADFORD ADVANCE Co., 69, HAYD()CIC STREET NEAP Tax MARKET PLACE EARLESTO WN.

FOR MORN THAN TWENTY YEAR'S THOUSANDS OF LADIEi HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BERN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE BOON TO WOMANKIN D. They are the best known Rernedy,for Aatemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 91d, is lid, 2s 9d, 4s 6d, ants Ils. May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the Pror. rietor. Only Address : 3./9. PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL. LONDON W.

Delicious to Taste, Economical to Use. 1 ~ t . iv.!,:n :,: ,ou en wet* ia. , ..,.., If you have not tried it, Buy a new 6d Tin, You will get 25 cups out of it and enjoy every cup. BEST & GOES EV.TFIEST.

'DANDELION & QUININE LIVER 7.72.. PILLS FOR BILE, WIND, INDIGESTION, Headache, Furred Tongue, Sickness, Giddiness, loss of Appetite, Heartburn, Shoulder Pains, Constipa- tion, and all Liver and Stomach Complaints. DR. KING'S PILLS, GUARANTEED WITHOUT MERCURY, Sall keep ahead of all others as a Liver gemedy, and are unequalled as a Family Sold everywhere, Is. rid., 2S. gd. and 4s. 6d. per box. Solely manufactured by J. RORKE & CO., 132 York Rd., Lambeth, London.

a ip g k f,-, Ia - ~,c 2• 4 lik -c.-. s ii - 'WOULD 'trOU HAVE 0 SOFT VELVETY 19 a n - - SKIN ? t/,' Then u3e -V a .; ' r .t. 4 V 4146 , ' 49,i( n ' , , it lis will i entirely ipp,' remove aU s' S-69- ROUGHNESS,CHAPI 0 TAN, IRRITATIONT, etc., Bottles 171 M.vßeEErfl-lEA'.M''.<5.L time.S Wil: 5 Gals andas 6 CHE LTENHAM. -

YOU OUGHT TO KNOW that Holdroyd's Gravel Pills are a positive Cure for Gravel. Gumbago. Pains in the Bask, Dropsy, Wind, Water Complaints. Diseases of the Kidneyt, Gout. ,-,ciatica, and Rheumatism. Try one box; if not satisfied money returned. Is, lid., all tChdnikte. Post free 12 stamps. Holdroyri's Medical Hall, Cleekbeaton, Yorks.

1 Every Genuine 1904 REMIER. ... .. BICYCLE \• , , \. Bears this Trade Mark. , One Grade Only—the But. £l2 12s. Net, or , £1 is. Monthly. Booklet Past Tree on application t.' .4 Premier Cycle Co. (Limited). Coyeetey. RITNCORN : W. BOOTH, Sr. HELEN.: W. OORBRTT, WIRTH RD. WIDNES? .1' . W. COOK, ALB3RI' RD. WARRINGTO‘ : T. S. DARLAND, BRIODR ST.

WEDDING RINGS. eIITARLES WOLF'S NOTED GUINEA GOLD WEDDING RINGS A HANDSOME PRESENT, GIVEN to every pur• chaser of a ring. Engagement Rings a Speciality. WALTHAM. ELGIN. & ENGLISH LEVER WATCHES. For Jewellery of every description the public wil benefit by visiting, CHARLES WOLF Wholesale Jeweller, 10, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL.

PEEK, FREAN & CO.'S " PAT-A-CAKE (Regd. BISCUITS.

4.llWeinit% Patronized by Royalt•

t?;45 Kir .".... „.. Wt Be wise in time and Kir I y k 95 litr, I IL Wt FURNISH at iif •• ~ . ~..1, .- • _`'` •• 7 hi 5 *l7O ~ . A•; •y,. • •i'!. )1120 0 • 311,1 By far the LARGEST, BEST V tag wiy- -,w and CHEAPEST STOCK" Kir Yit ..,.. / Every Class efficiently - catered for._ I 4, PITTS'S Celebrated . IH 0 U at 155,, E52210F 2838, FURNITURE.SO7 5) . MO, 200 up to 3,000 guineas, '', t , are in point of Excellence, •Dur- ability and VALUE the VERY Kir ist. BEST obtainable at the price. .1, -, tit They represent a VERY GREAT (At. , SAVING as compared with 4-x• tilt others. Full particulars free. -m- -lir Ifig- i 4.. '..x prus's Furnishing Guide le T - list g_ reveals the secret of economic Lc liit Furnishing, as it contains 800 AZ tfx Artistic Designs priced, showing le:g itk how to make every £1 do the ". usual work of two. GRATIS. WI to Post Free at request. Cash QS' Quotations only. Easy Pay- ir- • IR ments 10 per cent. extra. ltir iv.. l V LONDON ROAD, Kg. A._ • L KO MANCHESTER. tfig Avk ok Established 1845. Bankers: LLOYD'S. ' ill Itinitlit f:*41.1 . 4111W"1" V PITTS'S Mo OKLA FURNisti ED 1301.134 ig always on view. It comprises Dining, Drawing, and Three Bed Rooms, Kitchen, and Scullery, fur— nished throughout with taiteful an,l durable articles and fabrics, guaranteed absolutely NSW. Every essential requisite for 200 ituineas, or any attiafe sold sePar— ately. Also TRULTICSNSPROINIRN li'llithaStiliD ROOMS —Dining, Drawing, and Bed Room—from 7 to 1125 guineas' each. There is nothing susierior elsewhere at 50 per snore money, money, as Inspection w.ll prove. Ir.sli det Ills and photos post tree.

Weil-begun starch Well-done ironing The old adage holds good even in domestic matters. Successful ironing begins with right starching; using starch as good as you wish your ironing to be. There are two kinds of starch; the other kind and COLHAN'S STARCH is as tzood as COLMAN'S MUSTARD. 1,-,4".4 • tit •;HE xr. 4." k

BUFF ORPINGTON HRN and 13 Chickens, lie. 6d.; Ditto and Ten Chickens, 9.. 6d.--IdoRGAN, Rose Villa. Wern

BLACK MINORCA. KGGS, champion lavers. prize birds, 3s. sitting ; uukrtiles replaced.—HAlWEß. 31, Wellington sr.. Bury

GGS from Pure Bred WHI 1B LBGHORNS (Readers strain), grand birds ; reduced price 3s. per sixting.— LAWRIE. Bayleaf Farm, Upholland. Wigan.

-Houdans (Simon Hunters). Black Minorcas (tbbotts), Buff Orpingtons, Indian Runner Ducks, 2s. dozen.—HoLtows, Carlisle street, Rochdale.

"VGGS.—HOUDANS, White Leghoras, Blue Andalusian", 111 pure breed., 2e. 6d. dozen ; hatching well.— RIBCHESTER, Hoyle's Lane line, Lea, Preston.

LIGGS from pure-bred Silver WYA.NDOTTIs V Abbou's _LIJ strain, 4.. dozen unfertiles replaeed.—H. G. POUND. New House, Middleton, Tenbury, Worcestershire. ]OWL CORN, Ts 6d. 10. 6d, 12 6d, 2401bs ; Pig Food, 7s 6d and Poultry Meal, Bs. and Ds., per 200Ibs.—Rog .ND Co., 15, Goree piazzas Liverpool. Identlon paper. TIGGS FOR SITTING.—BIack Minorcas. Cook's strain; LA Buff Orpington., As. 6,1. per sitting.— Inquire of CoebumAN, Hope Cottage, Ragland Road, Brooklands, Sale, Manchester. L GGS for sitting. Ancona., Buff Rocks. Buff and Brown VI Leghorn., and Black Langshans ; prices from 3s. upwards ; unfertile. replaced.—Mr. B. PILICINGToN, Prize Poultry Farm, Tottington, Bury.

fjIISSONS BY POST.—Poultry pays it you have few birds or many • learn my methods ; a splendid chance; 3 weeks' coursess 6d ; send for pamphlet, post free.-0, JONES, Briersleigh, Ingrave Rd., Brentwood, Essex. TAMES HOLDICN'S Black Minorca', w nners of the £l5 P.! 155. Challenge Cup at the Crystal Palace, and First and Special at all the leading Shows in Hogland ; Eggs, ss. per dozen.—Address VALE 1-lousF, Padiham Burnley,

TIGGS from Winners at Sefton Park, Poulton-le-Fylde, Sze. _LI —Buff Orpingtons, Black Orpingtons. White Nyan- dottes. Barred Rocks, White Leghorne, Black Leghorn. ; ss. sitting, unfertiles replaced. —H. ROSCOE, Kirby Mill Kirby, Liverpool. UGGS FOR HATCHING.—Btrred Rocks, Buff Orping Li tone, Silver-laced Wyanrioltes, and Aylesbury Ducks all selected exhibition stock of highest possible laying quali- ties ; 3e, 6d. per 13 Eggs ; ieuaranteed fertile.—Gßl.Y. Meadow House, Bromborcugh, Birkenhead. A LL interested in Fowls, should read • The Story of our .L" 1. Poultry Farm,' told to Edward Roper, author of • Icebound,' Fred Seagood' . London and Brighton. THE SOUTHERN PUBLISHING Co, LTD, Or Mr. Roper, Grange rd., Lewes One Shilling postst,4 14.

TILLPRHALL Poultry Yard, Newport. :,alop, can Supply Etus, Black and Buff Orpington, Silver Dorking, Silver Wyandottes. Indian Game, Old English Spangled Bantams, 5.. 12; and splendid Crosses (for laying and table purposes). 2s. 64. 12 ; inspection of stock invited : many winners irt pene.—W. BUTLER. TAMES ASTLE. Dixon Farm, Plodder-lane. Farnworth, near Bolton. winner of the following Priz•A; :—Challenge Cup Special, four Firsts, Two Seconds, three Thirds, Hulton ; First Kendal, Second. Third, Worstey ; and scores of other prizes; can supply SIITINGS from Buff Leghorn, Buff Rocks, at Is. 64 ; Buff Orpington, Andalusian, 3s. ; Buff Leghorn, Buff Orpington cross. 2s. 6d. ; unfertiles renlared,

HARWOOD, Lamack, Blackburn (the Finest Poultry Farm in Lancashire).—EGGS for incubation, from ova r3O pens of Pure Breeds and First Crosses; the best strains, but no fancy prices. Illustrated catalogue, one stamp. Pure breeds, all 3s. 6d. per sitting. Why pay more? Forty eggs, 10s ; carriage paid. kirst crosses, 2s. 6d.; unfertiles replaced. Come and pee our stock.

"VGGS FOR SITTING.—BIack Orpingtons, 45. per sitting, 1-2.1 Cook's strain ; these birds w, igh from Sibs to bibs. Black Minnrcas, Black Langshans. Gold and Silver Wynn- dottes, White Leghorns, Blue Andalustans. and Plymouth Rocks. 3 5. per sitting. Simon Hunter, Cook's, and Heb- ditch Somerset Strains, all bred from prize winners. tinier- tiles replaced. Ins lection invited.—Apply ISAAC COLLIER, Long lane, Hindluv Green

I AMES HOLDEN. Vale House, Padiham, Burnley, for 25 t 1 years successful breeder and exhibitor of Barred Plymouth Rocks, winning Ist prizes and cups at all the leading shows In England ; my present stook is Al, the majority being bred from the Rock hen, winner of the chal- lenge cup and let prize at Crystal Palace, 1903; this bird I kept three years specially for breeding ; my present excel- lent stock is the result ; I cold her to Mr. Wilkinson. Lan- caster, a few weeks prior to the Palace, 1913 ; before she was shown there Mr. Wilkinson had £4O offered for her, which he declined. so I can honestly claim to possess stock equal to the best in England. EGGS.—I have put down all I require, the whole are now f r disposal nriee 7s. 9d, per dozen ; unfertlles replaced.

VGGS FOR SITTING.—Last season, though bad season, my eggs gave general satisfaction; in.peLticn invited for.the following pure fed Fowls; Langshans, Houdens. Black Orpington.. Buff Wyandotte., Black Leghorn., Buff Leghorn., Tiro otti Leghorn., White Leghorn. Blue Andal- usians. Buff Orpington:l, Indian Game. Lancashire Buffs, Golden Wyandotte., Silver Wyandotte., Black Minorcas, Barred Plymouth Rocks. Three pens first crosses to produce good layers and table fowls. viz: Houden Cock. Buff Orpington Hens ; Indian Game Cock, Lancashire Buff Hens! Langshan Cook, Black and Orpington Hens. Eggs all one price, 2. 8d per sitting of 13 eggs if called for 3a if packed for rail. Duck eggs, 2. per dozen, if called for, 2. 6d for rail. Pens open for inspection every nay (Sunday exoented). - HENRY OnaYER.2O6, Newton Rd, Lowton St. Mary's near Newton-le-Willows.

Otorkg, EUgfitvgigeg. et. 111DO&RBOLD, CATERING BUSINRsE.—HOUSE, SHOP, 1 large TEA ROOM TO LET; all3eOrTAGE.—Apply w ILT 'AM PEE, Bolton-le-Sands.

o_ltiLS' PUBLIC DAY SCHOOL COMPANY, LTD.-80 k...fi £2 SHARBS for Sale ; regulnr dividend 4 per cent ; best offer.—}l. PADFIELD. 30, Percy et.. Liverpool.

BUSINRSS TO BR DISPOSHO OF, a splendid payitig business ; can save ELM to £l5O a year. For particulars addretts 24, PALMERSTON Ayforog. T,ithprland, nr Llverpool.

TO PARTIES WANTING A SOUND BUSINESS IN LIVERPOOL. B" " AN D C 0 . ACCOUNTANTS. TRANSFER BUSINESS AGNINTS AND VALUERS. USTABLIMED 1875. WILL BUY, SELL, OR VALUE ANY "LASS OF BUSINESS, STOCKS. OR MACHINF,Hy, WILL FIND YOU A PARTNER WITH T. £5OOO, NO SALE, NO CHARGE. S OUTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL.

25, CATHERINE NTRIsET, 6 Rooms 4s. 3d. per week. PENKETH.—GOOD HOUSES WITH GARDENS, 3s. 9d. per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. WARRINGTON.—Large SHOP in principal positions in main streets, Rents £2OO, £l5O, £lOO and £9O a year IVY LODCIE,FROGHALL LANE rent £45 a year on lease. Apply ROBERT Lowz, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War- rington. Telephone—No 55.

riOTTAGB TO LBT, 19, Albert, terrace. Howley Quay, lJ near Naylor's works ; newly cleaned ; pleasantly situa- ted; rent 4s. per week.—Apply Zr.. CLIFFORD, 31, Albert terrace Warrington.

910 LBT, gooil COUNTHY COTTAGN and Garden, in 1_ healthy neighbourhood, half-way between Warrington and Northwich, 36. 6d. weekly.—Apply, POWELL, Wheat Sheaf. Antrobus, via Northwieh.

mo BB LET. in OVERTON, Frodsham, a convenient; 1 House; two reception rooms, five bedrooms, and w.c. ; good garden will lac) made where joiners' shop has been.— Apply to Miss BDMUNDS, Brightlands, Frodsham.

ruo LIST. BAKER AND GROCER.—A Good Shop and I_ Dwelling-house, with bakehouse, flour store, 2 .tall stable and good yard, in good position in BewsPy rd.. near the L. & N.-W. /sly. Bridge. The property will be put in through repair ior a good tenant.—Apply JOHN B. RiemsapeoN,39. Bridge •t., Warrington.

10)14YSICAL HhALTFI BXBROISICS,—Private lessons, _IL ClAsseland Saco!. vished ; also at 20,13 MEDLEY LANE, Cheetham Hill, Manchester.

WITHOUT STO 'I AC RIO DOSING. —Chronic Rcze•ra and Ringworm curel : remedies 13d.—F. HARRIS See.. 119. linnlver street. Sheffleil.

QTAMMBELINGE eft3otually Cured by Corre.pondence or personally. Treatiae lent free.—N. H. Masos, 39 Bethune rd., Cliseold Park, London, N. Bet. 1876.

11,2 X PER HNCHD Wale and Female NUMBS t a LI moment's notice for all cases.-4.pPiv NURAES IxsTtru- 'nom, Hope House, 'lope-street. Liverpool. Telephoae 257 G Royal. Telegraphic address" Nurses."

RHEUMATOID ARTHRlTlS.—Bheumatism, Rheumatoid Arthritis and Uheumatic Gout speedily Cured. Mar- vellous new discoveries. Splendid results !—BARING- GOULD. hheumatie Specialist, Queenswoochroad, Moseley, Birmingham. Advice and Testimonials Free.

PHOIO Postcar ,s of Yourself, 12, is. 6.l.—Send Photo to the STunto, 23. Red Lion st, Llolborn. FRTRS, Galas. Flower Stows.—Artistes provided. Lists Free.— CECIL CL YTON, Walthamstow.

ADY will send four Beauty Receipts for Ie.—MADAM, 1-41 Vernon Villa, Herbert rd., Kingston. FORRIGN STAMPS, —l,OOO well mixed. post free, Is.— W. ADAMS, 3, Manor road, Forest Hill.

A UTHORS, Ac.—Tyoing, 9d. 100J,Mimeogrephing, 2. 6d, 100 —PETTIT. 118 Laleharn rd., Catford, London. DOLISHING vinvEr PADS. Black or Brown post free, 3d. each.—LAURIE & MCCONNAL, Lin, CaMuricl.o3. AARDIrN VASMS on Pedestals. Good designs. Impor- tant bargains.—J. V. 75, Pearl Rd., Walthamstow. STOCKINGS for Ladles. Black Cashmere, Ribbei is., Is. 6d, pair.—CHAMBERLAIN. 45 Friar lane, Leicester.

upsr f,oe ,Vire A Ei.,L IRioTD, Eesl %noon bl rl esatul;;or, ikesitz.eßilxa Birmingham hian.. m A BSOLU UGLY Invisible Ink, with Developer, post free, 6d.—ALltos LABORATORY, 91, Ley lane, Artnley, Leeds. ACKS and BAGS for all purposes; speciality Potato Bags. G. T. MuattLY; sack dealer, 113. Green btne, Stoney- croft, Liverpool

100 IVORY Visiting Cards, and Card Case. Gent.. is. 6d ;La lies, 2.., Postal Order.--C. DEPT , 462, Old Ford rd., now, London.

REVOLVING RUBEittli litSELS.—L‘dies, 3d.; Gents,sd Postage, ld. Cheapest heel in .the world. —LAURIE & MCOONNAL, LTD. Cambridge 18 CARAT Rolled Gold (wArranted) Curb Bracelet and Padlock, tis, post oa I, w Jan 12.. 6d--ci. NOKL. 47, Ronalds Rd., Lonion, N.

Y Secret Recipe is guaranteed to cure Rheumatism (or C 1 money refunded). ls. 3cl. post free.—THOMAS, 67, George •t., 101,ton square,

SIGNS AND mancits of every description made to order by B. IL LATHAM, Glass Decorator ad bign- maker, 89, hensnaw street, Liverpool. dranifted 50 yS OT,tOrr WrAoTtCfHr eEe S .c e r e Ms ern en sold.— yd sr.e t uWrnaer VERNON, 22, Oakley Place, London. S.E.

GENT'S sovereign Purse, warranted 18 carat rollei gold. will wear a, good as gold, 4s. 9d. post free. , clearing ARCIII.'B, Lime St., Liverpool.

fIOA.T end BLOUSH HANGERS. Keep the shoulders in NJ shape. Three for 5d., six for 94.. twelve tor is. 4d. Post free.—Maineet Fancy Stores. Truro.

rpo BB SOLD, cheap, 108 Or KAM FRHISZIiIiS, all sizes; I_ Ice, Cream Float, Ica Cream liand Cars ; also Street Piano.—Apply 15, SwAussom sr,

FInOALITIS.—Great Liberal Topical Song. Enormous success. Post free, 2d. (rrade 53 per cent,)—itiernun lt Co.. 47 I biro avenue, Manor Park, London.

ITALIAN itOonWOoll bIa.NDOLINR. eplendict tane,with leather case and tutor. Cheapest ever offered, I3s 9d. carriage paid.—CLAßx, 95, High pit., Guildford. QMOKB GRADY'S DBFBNOIifI TOBACCO" It does not burn the tongue." Sold everywhere in packets with coupon Wholesale.—GßlDY, King st., Wigan.

cp. PER PAlR.—Genuine Police and Army Trousers; ex. septionable value; everlas ti ug ; carriage 6d., extra- Bissitovv (Dept. S.) Bruce Castle Rd , Tottenham.

1U ALL CART.—Handsome told-up mail cart (bicycle -LVI. wheels), and lovely fur rug, only 15e. 6d, carriage paid.—B. K. HARRIS, The Marker, Newport, Mon. IIGARS.—FIor de lones, a blend of the finest Bast Indian V Tobacco grown. Box of f.'.o 93., or send P.O. ls. for sample of s.—Nowrox, Aston street, Birmingham.

PRINTING PitHSS (Bxs), complete with type, &a, price only 11. s. 6d. Full particulars and specimens of print- ing stamp.— WILLIAM Biwa., b 4, Florence rd., N.

yOUK PHOTo ENLARGdO. Artistic Frame (23 it 20.. 10a. 6d. Send photo and ls. weekly. Agents wanted) List Free —SERTRAMB 160 el.pliarn rd., London.

TVOYLIIY CIINTRBS, 6 for Is., post tree; 2 of each size LI (3, 4, and 5 inch), round, octagan, or scalloped, pre- ferred.—BßOWN AND CO., 12, Parker street, Liverpool. Qs. lid. LADIRS'DRBSS LMNGTHIS in Voiles Flakes,uerge, ti Cashmeres, Sze., from 3/S1 per 6 yards. Carriage paid. Patterns H. MIDDLETON & CO., Dept. N., Bradford. VLLALINIC TBRRISS, lidn's May, Mabel Love, use Mark- seiwyns extraordinary Betanaphthol Soaps. Three shilling tablets, 28. 6d. RUS•IELL Come/J.4r Tottenham. A RGB assortment of New and Second-bawl Leather Suit I 4 Cases, Cabin Trunks, Portmanteaus. and Bags to be sold chears.—WEeTEß, 107 Chasing Cross Road. London.

50 PmEoNnesyYbal:kicitfu rue t possattcias rfideds 1 etc. nique; ppops otartue n 12t . klEvitt. Co ,31 Grove rd., Eastbourne. bend foot. them noZ.: METALLIC-WOVE Mantles over 1,000 samplss sold daily; 6d. each, 2s. 6d. half dozen, 48 6d. dozen; post freo.—IMPERIAL IMANTLIt Co., 169, Vauxhall rd, L'pool.

A IiTISTIC, novel original, 12 selected Pictorial Post 13. Cards. all different. including bromides and hand- coloured, free Is. 2d —LATAIICIIIOI, fi3 Lime st.. Liverpool.

LADIPS' POWDER LEAFLEIfs for beautifying the face Cooling and absorbent. Six small books, 2s. ; six large, 3s. Sample book, 5 stamps post free.—BETH 9, 67, Brook street, Oolchester. pICTORIAL Postcards.—Beautiful series of Feline ' Shakespeare postcards in 3 colours ; 28 for 25.. sample of six tor 6d.; cash with order,—ButtsiLL &LADymsx LTD., 247 & 248, Ooldharbour lane,

1 ACH CURTAINS direct from the maker, 2s. 6d , 3s. 61 . 1.4 4s. 6d., a pair, white or ci earn. Two pairs Handsome Bedroom Curtains sent carriage paid for 3s. 11d.—THE WAREHOUSE. 9, Market Place, Mansfield.

bTTING, ETTING. kcaobit Nets, Football uoal Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Nets, sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every deseription.THomas Joallowt's, Net Warehouse Cornoretion-street. Manchester.

GIVBN AWAY.---A pretty Brooch to every purchaser of 55. 61. warranted 16 carat rolled gold Curb Bracelet ; Ladies' lung Guard, or Gentleman's Albert ; approval. AmnainoE BROS.. 11 Stockfleld rd.. +Streatham, S.W.

GALVD St-lEBTS. Cisterns, and Wire Netting. Cut and Wrought Nails,Gas and Water Tubes,carriagepaid. Cash prices quoted oo application if quint.ties required are stated. —WALLER CARTER, 130 Long at,, Sparkbrcok. Birmingham.

CONSICRV ATORMS,greenhouses,frames, 21. oz greenhouse glass, atudios, shedsotc. Intending purchasers can ob- tain the best for quality, designs, and cheapness from E. HoDsoN, adannfa,turer, Tyldealey. List and estimates free. State wants.

rIVION FEHE.—Gent's 38. 11d, hat, linen collar and front,silk necktie,and 108 6d.pair shcies to all purchasers of our noted 425. suits to measure, unequalled for yuality and fir. Easy payments; agents wanted.—WHITTAKER &, Co. 7, Chapel Walks, Manchester.

A DVIIRTISI NG —l4 XTR U./ It DINA. ItY OFFER Adver- -2i ti.ements inserted in 63 first class Dail y and Weekly provincial newspaper from 4s 6d,40 papers from 3s 23 oapers from Is, 6d. Guaranteed circulations. Prosp-ctus free. Address, " DIRWSPAPER Ootteassnost " 47, Fleet St., Tendon, R. C.

A BOON TO DAILY RAILWAY TRAVEILLHRS.—YearIy Li Season Tickets, with which the boiler can travel by any train. or any Railway—may be had for a Reduced Weekly Payment; or for a lea' Monthly or Quarterly Pay• ment than those et-larded by the Railway Companies. —All information from the WittruLL SnAilN TICKET AGENCY. :6, Lever street, Manchester.

VEEP A RECORD OF YOUR ANCESTORS.—TitIe to IN Money or estates often depends on prof of descent. Use new Copyright Circular Chart, on which seven genera- tions can be recorded, size 12 x 14. Post free, 2s. 7d.—B. HAMILTON, 17 Church square, Rye. IsVERY BUSINESS MAN WILL PROFIT by using'the 'EBM' Accounts Receipt Book. For Drapers, Tailors, Grocers, Chemists, Ironmongers. Jewellers, ate., itia Invaluable. Sample Book. with 1400 Receipts, perforated, gummed, with own name, for 7s. 6d.—Sp- cimen and particulars f rom PALATINg PR.PS. Lancaster.

L'OB SAM 010 ?, PORTABLB F 1 al on Wheels fitted desks, drawers, gas fittings complt-t... Stanhope gig ruhbfAr Tyres all latest improvements. Double, single and tandem Harness. saddle', bridles, night and show head halter", rugs and hoods, zinc mangers, all practically new, also quantity of Disinfectants and Veterinary 3ledicines.—Appiy ItystEß Co., 16 Brasenose rd., Bootle.

SHBD POTATOBS.-1,000 loads of various kinds of selected seed viz., The British Queen, Scottish Triumph, Up-to-dates, Professor Maerker, Standard ; also now seed direct from 6cotiand. The attention of previous customers is drawn to the fact that none of the seed is old and that it has noi, been grown more than one season either in Lancashire or Cheshire.—Apply J CLIFF t CO., 1 Foundry it., Warrington.

S. Carriage paid YOUR PHOTO ENLARGRD, and eJ mounted on best plate-sunk mount measuring 201 n., by 161 n., and! finishea by the new and beautiful airbrush process (real gems of art) see testimonials. Original returned uninjured. Rend nhoto with postal-note for 58.. to the '• CROWN" PHoTo-BNLARGING Co, 59, and 61, Keivinside Avenuq, Glasgow.

SIL K.-- Full Dress Length, handsome Silk, pleiged ; Baca- flee voucher 53.—Far, 66, Jeffreys rd., Clapham. STAMPS.-35 rare varieties. and three high class pictorial rostcards 3d—Smrrn STAMP CO.,BoBooMbe,BOurnernnUtli.

19 PIRCRS SILVBIL STBRL TABLRIV MLR ; forks, tea 4.1 dessert spoons, is. Rl.—SNow, Mercbant, Glen- field, Leicester.

Up BC11:111 for Gold, Silver. ana Copper platinv. without 11., battery. with instructions, 113.—LINTi,, 170 Freedom rd., Sheffield.

ap. P. O. PROPHKTIe reading trom photo. stamped V envelope, PSYCHOMETRIST, 95. Westmorland road, Neweastle-on-ryne.

T ADM' SPBOIAL BLACK STOOKING, vost free, 1.1 7d., 8d . 9d. Thousands selling weekly. —THE MILL, 67, Mill kiill road, Norwich.

Q Ladies' Knickers, 2s. 111., 3. 6d 3 Chemises, 4s. 6d. GP trimmed. Fancy Blouses, 2s. 3d., 3s. 3d. Post tree. SOMERVILLE, Maker, Hale, Far nham.

Q UIT LIiNGTHS, marvellous value, Bs. 6d., us., I,s. &c.; also Trouserings, Nit' erns free.—J. HARPER, Woollen Merchant, Gledholt, Huddersfield. IMPORTANT. Gents Solid Silver watches only 75. 6d. Every watch warranted. S"tisfaction guaranteed-, WEDGE, 86. Great College 6treet, Lo'. don. - - POTATO and Cook Shop FIT rums, every variety V Champion Ranges. Potat Peelers, chop on Wheels 116; page List free.— MArn Yr S. Poland street, Manchester.

fl ÜBBER RitVtILVII73- H SRL i, 4 1.. Giants' 54-1, IL postage id.; Black and B-own Velvet Polishing Pads 2d. each,postage Id.—LAUHIE & MCCONNAL LTD.. Cambridge.

BM'S B CONSUMPTION CUR ; in u+e twenty years. A-Iss cured most desperate essesin two months ; 4s. 6d, per bottle. Post tree.—BßErr,Blackhoro igh,lieigate,Surrey. D. SIICURBS Complete PRINTING OUTFIT, or 2 letter monogram (self-inking) boxei; 7d. s.curei 7 yes- date. Unergetic agents wanted, commission good. -BICCA.RD BROS. 195 Old Christchurch .oad. Bournemouth,

WATIMPROOF COVECIti. 84,119 materist and pliable a railway sheets,l2ft. by 9ft. 12s. ; 15ft. by 91t 15s, and any size at Is., per sq, yard. with lashes ; C nth re- turned if not approyed.—HENßY J. GARSON. Rye.

pel'iliblT 962, N 9 MORK BROK/IN Pt_ HS. —Few Incandescent Metal MANTLI33, ".nalctioally unbreak- able; 73 candle power ; white light, ; 61 , 4s. Rd. doz , post free.—OttosaLEY'., 1745. Fountain rd, Walton rrl.,!Liverpool.

GT-UAW) " removes Dirt, .-ircase. St tins, &o. from V hands like magic; unlike Pumice Stone or Sand, it leaves the skin smooth, white, an t delicitely p -rfumrd.— Writ e to-day and so-nd three stamps for a 6d. box from SANT° Co.. 12, Green Lanes. stoke Newington N., London.

913 Bit BOLD Freehold, M01)131, LODGING HOUJit} with all effects,in good condition; accommodation for 3f3 men ; no reasonable offer refused ; owner retiring ; splendid opportunity for young cnuple.-111'SwEENEv, C.ii.gleton.

HEALTHY LLANDUDNO,—To be Let, or Sold, Hand some Detached Freehold Residence ; charming situa- tion with South aspect; also about two acres of land adjoining ; a low price will be a?..cepted to clear.—Particu- lars, apply OWNER, Ouselea, Embankment, Bedford. 'OBB SOLD.—Farnworth. near Widnei.—The extensive 1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Maaure C, with Machinery and 24.420 square yards of Freehold Lanl, with siding to the railway. auicable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. HoiluNG, -16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

ifiotor Cay.:sl eptltO, rte.

BICYCL by Sinver & Co., Coventry; recently ovarhauled; B price £4 or offers.— bueTEE9, Hawtnorn Bank, Newton- le—Willows. valilf-WHBEL CYCLIB. B S.A. patt. ; Plated Rime, Goodyear Tyres. £4 15.; Ladies, £4 186. Lutterworth rd., Northampton. . MYRBS.—Outer Covers, Bs. 6d., 7s. 6d., 75., Beaded-edge _1 Covers, Ks , 9s , Air-tubes, 3s. 4d., 3s. 13d., 4s. 3d. ; all guaranteed. —HILLABT, New 11030 i. Driffield.

"IYCLB,' FREII WHNISL. 25in. prune. Coventry Cross, V Brooks saddle, bell, 2 brakes, 2 pumps, stand, cape, to ,Is ; lowest price, the lot .27 156,, cash.—MELLOR, 52, Fitzroy St., Ashton-under-Lyne. Ett 10s. SWIFT BIOICOLN, new departure hub; tree V wheel, back pedalling brake, and all accessories, in first class order, and new coudition; rare bargiin,inspection, invited.—Apply at once, 28, Py.kcY Si., Warrington.

eIYCLISTS.—DON't HUY AW TXRdo. Try our re- rubbered ones, NAM wear to new, from 6s. 6d. each; fit all rime; your own re-rubbered from 4s. 6d. (24 hours) price list free; send inquiries however emall.—kiOßNSEY TYRR Co. 431 %. HornsPv road London, NI.

Glatt SALR.—rvio splendid new XIUZK POWE .1 MOTOR 1310YCLisS. Cannot be'better workmanship; will climb any hill ; no trash; must be setn and tried to be convinced. Price only £29 10a. ; also one nearly new, £22 108.—Szsun'ti BICYCLE SHoP, King et., Wigan.

I MPORTANT TO CYCILIS r. --Send to-day. Large Cycle Manufacturers, wishinz to introduce first-class £8 81. line; will send on seven days approval to a Cyclist willing .to become Agent a dample Machine for £4 19s. 6d. Specifica- tion : Latest 1904 eattern, b'ree-wheel, Mud-guards, two powerful Him Brakes,Platerl Rims,quaranteei Double Tubes, eneurnatic Tyres.—earticulars BKIGHT /t Co., Hartland.

IRELAND'i FAMOUS BICYCLES. THE ELEGANT MODEL C is a revelation in price and quality, only Ell, extra finished, including Hyde clutch free wheel, two rim brakes, tools, Sm. Machines built to order with Radio fittings, Eadie Coaster Hub, and Fagan two-3peed gear fitted. Write for further particulars to W. H. LELAND & CO., WALTON CYCLY WORKS, SANKEY. WARRINGTON.

30orse5, Tarriagro, Etbr *totit ztr DRAPERS VAN ON SALE, in good condition.-194, ORMSICIRK BD., Newtown, Wigan. USEFUL BY COB. 14 hands, 7 years old, good worker, sound and quiet.—Ku.snAw. Brook Vale, Burtonwood. ITICTORIA PHA.ETON : suit doctor or brewer's traveller; V cost £75, take £3s.—Russmi, 17 Boothroyden. B'pool.

GOOD USBFUL well bred Cart MAR in foal. No use E to owner.—WalmtßlGwYNNE.l2B Rose Hill,Manetester rd., Bolton.

-- LIRAND Sable-and-White Pedigree COLLIE Bumf kJ (winner) ; will be sold cheap. —Tor MILLAR, Bridge House Shrewsbury.

FOR SALE, MARE and LIGHT LURRY. etrong Lurry with brake, 9 cwt; year old CoIt.—WHITTAKER 8, Wellington-etreet, Warrington. ()N SALE or exchange WAGGONRI'II3 for good furry coat £4O to carry 13.—Apply ALLEN lid.kNeLET, 42, Leigh Rd., Hindley Green, Wigan.

VOR SALE, BATTLESDEN TRAP ; newly done up; new 1 lamps and cushions ; sell or lexcharge for light lurry.— Heskeih St., Southport.

rINWENTY Head of CA...ErLE,MiIk Round of 25 years' stand- ing. Vour Cottages. and Small Works: price £400. Apply BaoAnnExT, Snipe Inn, itudenshaw. Manchester.

CIARBIAGRS.--103 new and second-hand, of every dis- V cription, at lowest prices.—GglNT, carriage builder, 259. Oxford road, near °wend College, Manchester. listablished 1870.

HORSES.-20 years' Practical Studying on Horses' Feet. My Horn Grower keeps them cool ; grows sonnet feet. To cure Sanderacks, &c. Instructions /A.—LUDLOW, Watson it., Burton-on- rrent.

A CTIVR STRONG CART or VAN MARK, 16 hands. 7 11 year old; warranted in every way ; suitable for mineral waters van or float ; can trot 8 miles in an hour with 1 ton ; week's approval ; price £l4 143.--ToNEB, 6, Sykes at., off Queen's rd, Tiverton, Liverpool,

ITE3ICO SUDORIFIC for lame or unsound Horses. V Vesico Suotoritic is the quickest, safest, and most famous remedy for Splint, Spavin, Ringbone, bidebone' Capped Hock and Elbow, Oath, Windgall, Turnours. Weak Legs, &c. Price 2s. 6d. or be., of Chemists, or post tree.—GREGORY ZIG Co.. Temple, Bristol.

SBAFIRLD SCHOOL, LYTHAM. Ptoing the 'lei. Re- cognised by the Boud of Bducation as an efficient school. Principal, Dr. SLATER, M.A., F.R.A.S.

IJNIYEESITY SCHOOL, SOUTaPORT. A MOST SUCCESSFUL BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOYS. W. HISNDBItSON, M.A., Principal OXFORD HOUSB SCHOOL, ST. ANNBS-ON-THB-SBA. —BOYS Prepared for the Public Schools. Thorough grounding andindiviJualteaching. New, specially designed buildings. Bummer Term began May 7th. Principal, J. F. BRINDLE, B.A. (Oxon).

ST. ASAPH GRAMMAR SCHOOL, N. WALSS. PUBLIC BOARDING SCHOOL. Well equipped. Laboratory, Workshop. Healthy, piAtiresque situation. Near Cathe- dral. Bracing air. Individual attention. Preparation for university, professional. and commercial exams.—B. Ma, M.A., B.Sc., head master.

‘OUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL, sc tRISB RICK C / NEW-ROAD. One of the LARGEST PRIVATE SCHt)OLS in the North of England. CAPT. T. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P., F.R.G.S.. Head Blaster.

UR, ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of .151_ Music,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN. THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three—manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE Warrington.

.Li COLLEGE URMSTON NEAR MANCHESTER. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. (" Recognised " by Board of Education.) PRINCIPALS: Mrs. B. ELLIDGE, Trained Certificated Teacher, Certified ccience and A.t Teacher South Kensing- ton; Miss M. HOLLAND, London Trained Kindgergarten Teacher. Fuil staff of Resident English and Foreign Mis- tresses, and Visiting Professors. Pupils prepared for Oxford and Cambridge Local and Music Examinations. FEBs MODERATR. PROSPRCEUS and REFERENCES ON APPLICATION.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER )R. SCOTT'S PILLS COMPLAINTS, HEADACHE, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SCO FT'S PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices Is. 110. and 25. 9d.

ASK YOUR BAKER FOR "VEDA" BREAD, THE MOST DIGESTIBLE, DELICIOUS AND NUTRITIOUS. EVERY LOAF IN A SEALED WRAPPER. AGENTS J. IOFT AND SON, 98, BRIDGE STREET WARRINGTON. MCDOWELLS, LIMITED, MASKERY'S COACH WORKSI WARRINGTON AND NORTE-LW/CIL All kinds of CARRIAGES in Stock, or Built to Order. REPAIRS and RENOVATIONS carried out, EXPEDITIOUSLY, ECONOMICALLY, SATISFACTORILY. PATENT NRW CONSTRUCTION BROUGHAM, VERY LIGHT AND STRONG. Every description of M•frOß CAR HOD? to order. ESTIMATES AND TESTIMONIALS ,N AP.LICATLON. TJleptione 409 x, Warrington.

2/6 PER (LNITTLPEsEINRCLIUDAEDL) QUART SCOTCH AND IRISH ViItiISKEY ALSO AT c3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, I/8, 2/-, 2/6. 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON 803, wINR MRHOELISITi, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.)

HARDIE'S BICYCLE OtiOr IS Al' 54, BERRY STREET, LIV6RPOOL. IBLIIPFIONE 1971 AVO 1969 fIOYAG. AGENT FOR SINGERS CYCLE„ REPAIRS TO ALL MAKES.

Agent :—J. S GARLAND,BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

JE tt I'HPV hilt iy 5 u (MANCHES TER) Mineral ate rs, RI APPOINTMENT OF KING EDWARD VII.

Clerks' Association. The Liverpool Clerks' Association was founded forty-two years ago with the idea of enabling Liver- pool commercial clerks to make provision by sub- scription against loss of salary while unemployed. The membership now includes merchants, brokers, accountants, managers, secretaries, salesmen, and travellers; and its original area of operations (six miles from the Exchange) has been extended to twenty miles, so as to bring in St. Helens, Warrington, Wigan, Southport, Chester, and other towns. Its objects, too, have been exten- ded, and the advantages now include a weekly allow- ance to unemployed members, medical attendance and medicine during sickness, reduced terms for specialists for members and their families, facilities for obtaining situations, annuities to aged and dis- abled members, limited annuities to widows and orphans of deceased members, assistance in providing careers for members' sons, and the privileges of a reading-room and an excellent commercial library.

letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clark's Blood Mixture, It cannot be too highly esti- mated for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities This is a good testimonial from the" Family Doctor." which goes on further to say: It is the finest Blood Purifier that science snd skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally." For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and sores of all kinds the effects are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials. Clark's Blood Mixture is sold everywhere at 2s 9d per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes. Adrt (4). CLAIIKE'S B 41 PlLado are warrat.;"., re core' mu ICY, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- out. the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln.— FLOBILINE 1-I'oll IRE TEETH AND toisixn.--Thoroughy cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prennts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price ?s. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per lar for the Floriline " Pow der." of all Chemists and Perfumers.- 4dst VALUABLE DISCOVERY YOE TEE AIR,—Ii your hair is ti•irning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR EENPIiEB, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as wed as promoting the growth. Price as 6d per bottle. -- d To MeTkIEBS.—Mrs. Wins low's Soothing'Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their 3hildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poorsufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural arid sleep, ny relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "a. bright as a button." C: all Chemists ls IM npr bottle. .Adrt

. . •:- ..„..ti& ....4fA, .B,,ltikg.i,_ sl, -'X .-' 6 I.'"Vizi' • .:: - -:.,...,. .., •e _ .6, .. - , ..c. -'0"/•" -4,-.A'ltti. I 0 0 4 ;fr" d

Treataznrit LUNG &THROAT AFFECTIONS', INFLUENZA, BRONCHITIS, WINTER COUGH. ASTHMA. ETC. Complete Case of Articles ReqUirea FOR Li. CARRIAGE PAID. 0 Book Free 0 THESANITAStI2, BETHNAL:REM. LONE) E.

, Eti,,, ...., ~ .. MiW,.! ,„431rmilp, , . I 13 &Oa ri 0 ra f\6, e ,e ci\ ,ZlsxliA: ,' :::: • vritliartt:.:::t2.ol:D:t7 ~!---,.‘,. i for '.F,Irt.P.., jr\-:, • c IC -;.- ....,1 ii GOOD t, d,..\, . i k \\‘11\11,,.......,....„,, 5 MOKES 4 111. \\ %\,_ 1 Gig per box co,- il\c - K4' of 50 __ _ ti"..,,i1 ..,,,,, II Lt -,711) • I . Trg. 1,://, //' */,/, 5 , • , ,:, ii, LADY i 1////7 i IGODI VA .i„ , 40 / Ig11 1 CIGAZEITES ilO eoz3° y • „mu #44 /i• ii , ...., . hi? 4 ..4., ttio,,t-- , AVISS 8,0-05 LI _ _ - _ _ COVENTRY

AGENIS Joseph Besw ick3 florsemarket Stre et, W ARRINGTON. W. SHAW Jun., Top Locke, Runcorn, S. JRAVONS, 21, George St. St. Helene. R. CULSHAW, 38 Burecougl; St., Ormakirk.

'CU 119 JJD POWDER Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Custard is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO ECUS ! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

ONE £l2 12 NET GRADEONLY- OR £1 1 0 THE BEST. pREm lE* MONTHLY ILLUSTRATEDB I CYC LES PREMIER BOOKLET CYCLE Co. La. WITH HELICAL TUBING. POST FREE. COVENTRY.

TENNENT'S T LAGER BEER. GUARANTEED BRIGHT 6c FREE FROM SEDIMENT. To be obtained from M. WALKER & SONS LTD., Warrington and of all Grocers and Wine Merchants. Matured in Cold Storage for months before being bottled; See that Every Bottle has the Red T Label. „ Lancelot; Hey, Liverpool. WELLPARK BREWERY, GLASGOW.

VIR E 00 • 't; ta SUN --- --,0 FIRE OFFICE .6 • 0 ' r. 11 "v0E1) FUNDS IN HAND £2,386,639. For all particulars apply to the following- Agents. WARRINGTON....Mesers. J. R. Piokmere & Son Bridge St Messrs. Wood 4t Son, Commercial Chambsrs, 55, Horsernarket street, Mr. Louis A. Volsey, 21, King street. Mr. R. Lowe, 1, Bank street.

DR. DE ROOS COMPOUND RENAL PILLS Arejustly celebrated all over the world as the most safe+ and speedy remedy for Pains in the Bank, Gravel, Lumbago Gout, Rheumatism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or cther Deposits, Stone in the Bladder, Discharges, and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally. Many complaints, supposed to be nervous, often arise solely trom comtamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Every package bears the Government stamp, with the words. " WALTBTI DE ROOS, LONDON," thereon, by order of his Majesty's Hon. Commissioners. Price is. lid. and 2s. 9d. at all Medicine Houses, or post free from Proprietor Holford House, Holford-square, London, W.C. , 0 KEARS-LEY'SIO6YEARS.REPUTATION WIDOW WELCH'S. t FEMALE PILLS. Awarded Certificate of Merit for the cure of all irregulari- ties, aummia, and all female complaints. They have the approval of the Medical Profession. Beware of Imitations. The only genuine and original are in White Paper Wrappers Boxes is lid and 2s 9d of all chemists, or by post, ls. 2d, and 2s. 10d. Makers, 0 and G Mumma, 17, North street, Westminster. (Note White Wrapper.] Sold in the Colonies

e ; V Mado like a Gun." ROYAL EHELD Bioycien z5:10-10 to 6-16 •4 Mol:orl3;cycZes 40 &45 Gns. Pslotor Cars - £3OO & £175 amilmaizakid

Fisk. ni buoKLET and all pattimars from— Warrington ;—W. H. BELLIAN, Sankey-street. Altrincham :—CRAGG & SON,, church-street. Frodsham :—T. BOOTH, Central Cycle Depot. Leigh :—W. H. PENNINGTON & SON, Church-st. Lymm :—J. B. TAYLOR, Ironmonger. Middlewich :—H. WASHINGTON, Cycle Agent. Nantwich :—H. GARNER, Hospital-street. Northwich :—ISAAC ROBINSON, 46a Station-road. Runcorn :—W. BOOTH, Cycle Agent. St. Helens :—J. STEWARI McLEAN, Duke-street. Sale :—H. SOUTHWORTH, 24, Cross-street. Widnes :—E. W. COOL E A lbert-road.

.R- -S• GouT. AND EUMAPILLS • . •O'rk.

A LOTION MAY TEMPORARILY SOOTHE,BUT A BLAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILL goes to the root of the mischief, and is really the only true remedy for Gout, Rheumatism, Sciatica, and Lumbago.' All Chemists and Stores at is. id. and 2s. 9d.per box.

I , The BEST WATCHES are • „ ,it,.,.,: BE .-,i „,L.,.., .. ,_ "IL NYS "LONDON MAKE." Unequalled for Accuracy, Durability, and Strength. Buy of the Actual Makers and Save ONE TIBEIRDo. tn Silver Cases. In is-ct. Gold Gases. ct ,:--- ) '---• - _ ( ' 'r'-', - BENSON'S 5,5 , ::-- \, _ 4.. _ _.:,-- . !_ WORLD FAMOUS f i.' 6LUDGATE' , 1—r,,,, s.c. r .... , , % i\\ f • - )EST. and STRONGEST, London Made THREE - QUARTER PLATE English .. li— Lever Watch. , Chronometer Balance, all Latest Improvements, Sliver Cases with Crystal Glass. I 'Ma(:e in Three Sizes, at one Price, £5 ss. 1 . , ,i- -j I In :,11.ssive is et. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, 1.., . '7/,it:' , Gentlemen's, £l2 12s. Ladies', £lO 10s. \ \c, 1., 44/ ..01. OR ON 4 4 Z 1) Cte 1 tmes t t SYSTEM \ ‘,. ,z / - • • ,- / MONTHLY PAYMENTS ... -_, At same Prices as for CASH. or„2, ~„.,,,, F,77mi To. F" .- k ..4.-k• •,4-titt .rf A,l ;;;L„, '4.,Ant ''',.,4.. --.0... Ilk,. , ' '',,, • , ~, k , : Pearls, £1 . ss. ._'', Brilliant, Rubies, or • Sapphires, £2 ;15s. N :611T j) 1 0 000 ALWAYS IN STOCK • "..)7F7 : AT MAKERS' CASH PRICES. ILLUSTRATED BOOK of 'Watches, Clocks, Brilliants and Chains, Rino's, Brooches, " Imperial " Plate, '-----v----v Sapphires, £2 . 10s. Cutlery aneßags. POST FREE. Brilliants, £4. 4s. J The Premier Watchmakers .W. BENSON, Ltd., of the World. FVBTy: 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON, U. • 4 , A

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE • OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S PILLS. A RECORD CURE! 32, Archer-street, Bayswater, London, W. Dear Sir,—Sunday night my big toe pained me, on Monday it was much worse and in the evening I could scarcely walk. At 6 p.m. worse, for a bottle of your Gout Pills, and took two at once. At 9.30 I was much relieved, and could eat my supper. I took another before going to bed, and although so hot I got a fair night's rest. I have taken two more pills to-day, and now, at 6.30, lam alright again. This is a record cure. Yours truly, PHILIP BRANS. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. I,id. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADR'S GOUT & R

TELL COOK KTINS puni KILLS UCKBEETLES

MERRY WEATHERS ~,..4.....„ _.......,,„. Cv,.,..,( 0, :0----1:- ,•-•-•,, , _ \,'.........,„,............,9,?-s , ,CLASS , -.CARDEN -I-I.OSE . , 63 LONG ACRt., LONDON -LARGEST MAKERS OF HIGH CLASS HOSE IN T 'NE WORLD _ ,

•I is wonderful water proofer for BOOTS 1 HAENESS. Sof- Da es, tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow pcitsh• log with blacking. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITION HIGH ESI AWAIiDS. . Tins 2d.. 6d., sc 45r.216 of Boot oubblin Makers, Saddlers, Irontnoneers t! ric. Mann/actors, East Dulwrch London.

TIRED MEN. When you are tired of taking mysterious prescriptions,and Weary of wearing Rlectril Betts, write to me, and I will send you a Book, which shows how every man, young and old, may be quickly and thoroughly cured of NERVOUSNESS. EXHAUSTION, VARICOORLR, and DHBILITY, from any cause whatever. WITHOU I` STOMACH MEDIC:NW, or ELECTRICITY. Hundreds of cures. Book sent sealed,post fr. e. for two stamns.—A. J. LRIGH, 92 and 93,Great Russell St., London, W.C. Over seventeen years successful results.

SD-PAell ILLneTeATIn CATlLoonit. Wh...c.r le plir Prices, Céyceleces,onllors Accessories, d-loanarn ine n sact u a I l''y'rn Every tt Stock. Cycles froro 30/- B.S.A. k 'Ladle's machines'. Never Accessory, *0 such bargains offerecl Primes. Tyres, Cr Bend for List. - , Wheels, Agents wanted .. 4111! -----,, km, Half- Less. e g,t5.... /0 ...., v., oric than ggeerekers —Warrilow a Co.. • • ~._..., Weston-super-Mare.

PEEK, FREAN & CO.'S "VANESSA" (Regd.) BISCUITS.

An inquest was held at Sunderland on Monday el' David William Naden, aged 20 years, plater's apprentice- who was fatally injured on the 27 ult. whilst cycling' down the Burnt House Bank, just outside the Felton. Fell. It was stated that the brake of his bicycle refused to act, and he collapsed near the bottom of the incline-- His spinal cord was severed, and he died in the Sunder- land Infirmary on Wednesday. A verdict of" Accidental' death "was returned, and the jury expressed the opinion' that a danger notice board ought to be erected on the, top of the bank, many accidents having occurred' there. Deaths. MYERS.—May 7th, at Allen-street, Warrington, Martha Myers, aged 80 years. DUCK. WORTIL—May 7th, at Grafton-street, Warrington r Thomas Duckworth, aged 7G years. BARBER.—Mdy 10th, at Wash-lane, Warrington, .10119 Barber, aged 70 years.
