===== 0002601_19041015_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
• • . , ' • / • ,o, , . . • •.`" . ....... •• —. .. . . ...........—... ' ' ......,•••.....................—••••..• -'-'7,---.--,--.--..,..- .-"'"'""-^:"- .-----7":7=7-......e....... ....,,---,,,•,...-A-w-,........•,......,-..-4.-........., : ....,,..........,...i., ,- - • . . - 44,...1:4,- --.. .......

PARR HALL SERVICEE. - TO-MORROW, , (SUNDAY) OCTOBER 16TH, AT 6.30. -.1-- REV. HERBERT DUNNICO. SUEJET :—" SOCIAL QUESTIONS IN THE LIGHT OF J13d176 CHRIST." SOLOIST: MR. SAM HASSAL.

DUCATION ACT, 19,2. SRCTION 8 (1) FORM 308 NOTICE.

(N;OUNTY BOR(11JOW-0-0 WARRINGTON.- LOCAL EDUCATION AUTHOWITY. NOTICE IS WEHREIY GWEN in accordance with the 11.5 rovisions of Section 8 (1) of the Education Act, 1902, that Town Council of the Borough of Warrington, being the 00, al Education Authority for the purposes of Part 111. of rht Aet,propose to provide a New Public Elementary 80h )ol 'or about 500 children at or near Lower Wash Lane in the 1-ktchford Ward of the Borough of Warrington. The school *lll be available for the following area : area comprising the Latchford War 1. J. LYON WHITTLE, . Town Clerk and Clerk to the Local Education Authority.

bated 14th September, 1904. b SEcTIoNB (1) OF THE EDUCATION ACT, 1904, PROvIDES AS `oLl.oly9 " (1) Where the Local Education Authority or any other Persons propose to provide a now public elementary school they shall Rive public notice of their intention to (10 so, and the managers of any existing school, or the Local Education Authority ( silsere they are not them- selves the persona proposing to provide the school), or any ten ratepaVers in the area for which it is proposed to Provide the school. may. within three months after the notice is Riven, appeal to the Board of Education on the Rround that the proposed school is not required. or that a school provided by the Local Education Authority, or not so provided, as the case may be, is better suited to ?Peet the wants of the district than the school proposed to be provided, and any school built in contravention of the decision of the Board of Education on such appeal shall be treated as unnececsary."

===== 0002601_19041015_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
ight sant vry ?ro- the any and

===== 0002601_19041015_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
or not, rce age aing"

ster fess" 3ess, -enc. been shed

ging LTusi- Darts

f the rbye ono shed c-bye Corn' The

LicEll ,Vork9 gam cad, irket" , Oct,

===== 0002601_19041015_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19041015_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
A (it, , ............., P.,11...." 41 ') . C g t "?:;,, i •!•11 `1 ~:i '1 ' _ ), •(!li. ; - ; ..•--. L'.. 11 ~..e. / , . , .;,;,; , 1 ,i, t_ 1 4•, . e P 1, I, 1 1 ilt, . . 'ii, . ,• . . .',..,: .1 . ‘....,, . . ... ~.. ,4H. : ; : - '; - ; ve.."vf...40,it/ " cl.''' --....„ . ''' . Ihr 74,...._,.

No. 1330

ONE PENNY.

ALLAN WI 14:. —l'o CANADA, UNITED STATES RIVER PLATE, AND INDIA. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. (The only line under Government contract for the 2Onvecance of Canadian Mails). BAVARIAN Quebec and Montreal , Oct. 20 DAMARA St. John's N.F. and Halifax Oct. 22 CITY OF MADRAS—Caloutta ROSARIAN Monte Video & Buenos Ayres...Oct. 25 PARISIAN Quebec and Montreal Oct. 27 OCEAN RATES—To Canada, Saloon from £l4. Secondly Cabin. £7 'OB.:Third Class £3. To India £37 10s. and 227 10s. For foil particulars apply to ALLAN'S. 103,Leadenhal Street London, 8.C., and 19. James-street. Liverpool.

AWONDERFUL DISCOVRRY.—This is the age of rev-arch and experiment, when all nature, so to speak, is ransAcked by the scientific for the comfort and happiness of man. Science has indeed made giant strides during the past century, and among the—by no mepns least important—discoveries in medicine comes that of

THBRAPION4;

This preparation is unquestionably one of the most gen- uine and relialele Patent Medicines ever introduced, and has we understand, been used in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostan, Jobert. VelPeau, Maisonneuve, the well- known Chnesalgnac, and indeed by all who are regarded as authorities in such matters, including the celebrated Laße- mand, and Roux.by whom it was some time since uniformly adopted, and ttat it is worthy the attention of those who require such a remedy we think there is no doubt. From the time of Aristotle downwards a potent agent in the re- moval of these disease. has like the fame I philosopher's stone been the object of search of some hof,eful generous min' s ; and far beyond the mere power—if such could ever have been discovered—of transmuting the baser metal into gold is enrely the discovery of a remedy so potent as to re plenish the failing energies in the one case, and In the otherso effec tinily, speedily and safely to expel from tbe- system the poisons of acquired or inherited disease in all their protean forms as to leave no taint or trace behind. Such is the new French Remedy THERAPION, which may certainly rink with, if not take precedence of, many of the discoveries of our day, about which no little ostentation and , noise have been made,and the extensive and eves-increasing ' demand that has been created for this medicine wherever Introduced appears to prove that it is destined to cast into oblivion ell those questionable remedies that were formerly the sole reliance of medical men. Therapion may ba obtained of the principal chemists and merchants throughout tho world.--'' Diamond Fieldg Advertiser.— Kimberley.—yor particulars of Therapion, send stamped, addressed envelope to MR. R. JOHNSON,;43, HOLFOgD LONDON.W,C.

SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1904.

LITHOGRAPHERS, PAPER RULTIRS, Ac.,

CONCERTS TEA PARTIES PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS, SOIREES SERMONS BALLS MEETINGS &c., &c pLACARDS, in Black and Coloured Inks, to .I.y size or paVern, and on any color of paper. JOHN -WALKER & CO. JOHN WALKER AND CO.

7% per Quarter 6s 6d per annul/. nv Yosr is . ::per Quarter credit]

liffontv

===== 0002601_19041015_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
-- I'ol OES for Grocers, :•hoenvikers, CI ogger Butchers. Br.kers, Plumbers, Publicans, &a,

HA NDBILL, in large or small quantities cheap and:effective.

Estimates given tor all kinds of work.

EXAMINER OFFICE,

BEWSEY-STREET W RRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- -

===== 0002601_19041015_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
G-

-

BOY DELL BROTHERS

(SUCCESSoRS To Mk. JOSEPH IPARTINGToN),

TAILORS, MAKERS OF RIDING BREECHES

AND LIVBIIIE.

43, BRIDGE-STREET, WAREINGTON.

230YDELL BROTHERS beg to announce that they have purchased the goodwill of the business and the premises of

MR. JOStini PARIINGTON, TAILOR.

of the above address, where they will continue ~the business.

BOYDELL BROTIIHRS are now showing :at the above address A ItLECT HANGS OF

NEW SEASUY'S GOODS. OF TUB HIGHEST CLASS.

Customers may rely on careful attention to their requirements and the prompt completion of their orders in the best style.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD MID BITTER ALES ALLSOPP'b MILD Ann BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S EfINCiER BEER. To be had in OASR or BOTTLES from

B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICH ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of 'nem CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles, Telephone No. 179, STORRS. OWEN STREET.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
EDDESS DANDELION COFFEE

The best and cheapest ever of/ered tc. the PubHl. Sold by all Grocers and Druggrists,v, Oanlstel 6d.. 10d., and Is. Bd. eacn. Wholassie by J. GEDDES AID 80N. LTD PifARBINGTOB ESTABLISHED 18.33.

B. W ADS WORTH,

===== 0002601_19041015_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLE AGENT FOR THE

WORLD-FAMED PIANOS or

JOEIN BROADWOOD & SONS.

ADDRESS: 59. SA NKET-ST., WARRINGTON

DUERD N, LiE BOJT KING, 66, QUEEN VICTORIA ROAD, BURNLEY. WB HAVE DIO RETAIL SHOPS (PLEASB NOTE).!

1300 TS

SINGLE PAM. AT WHOLESALE PRICES DI MKT FROM THE MANWFAUTUREIt. MEN'S STRONG WORKING BOOTS (FULL 8. d NAILED) GENTS SMART SATIN LER SUNDAY BOO( (LACE or BUTTON) 6 6 LADIBa' GLACIE KID (LACE or BUTTON) ALL POST FREE.

State Size, and we will Please you. Our Motto is Quality with Cheapness.

MLIS. THUS. CLARKE WILL CARRY ON THE BUSINIISS

STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT AT THE "EXAMINER" OFFICE,

33, MARKET STREHT, BARLESTOWN,

As before, and sincerely hopes to receive the same patronage as bestowed on her late husband for upwards of 40 years.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
Mutation.

SANDBACti SCHOOL, CHKSHIRE.—Moderate Fees. Illustrated Prospectus from Headmaster.

UNIVERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT. A mon SUCCEBSFITL BOARDING SCHOOL FOR Boa.

W. HBLIDERSON, M.A., Principal,

mISS ET 1L I BBERT L. L.C.51.-PLTILS RECEIVED FOR THE PIANOFORTR.

TERMS MODERATE. 21, KENDRICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

OXFORD 1:1011SB SCHOOL, ST. ANNES-ON-THB-SBEk. —BOYS Prepared for the Public Schools. Thorough grounding andindiyilualteaching. New, specially designed buildings. Michaelmas term begins September 21st. Principal J. F. BRINDLE. B.A. (Oxon).

CCIII tta—W INCH A M HALL, Lostock Gralam. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL POI GINLS. Large Mansion and Playing Vields. Racelien& Resident Staff. Great successes recent Examinations. 50 Certificates

gained last Term. AUTUMN TERM begins Tuesday September 20. Prospectus, references, views, from Miss PARKES. Principal.

ST. ASAPH GRAMMAR SCHouL, WALRS. PUBLIC BOARDING SCHOOL. Well equipped. Laboratory, Workshop. Healthy, pi2turesque situation. Near Cathe- dral. Bracing air. Individual attention. Preparation for university, professional. ..nd commercial exams.—R. MAIIVER. M.A., B.Sc., head master.

OUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. SCARISBRICK k NEW-ROAD. One of the LARGEST PRIVATE SCHIJOLS In the North of England. CAPT. J. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P.. F.R.G.S.. Head Matiter.

MUELiNEdr WILKE:i, A.L.C.M., Professor of Musio,Organtet and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTRR- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ. for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE Warrington.

LADIES CoLLECGE, URSISfON, NEAR MANCHBSTRR.

HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SrIHOOL FOR GIRLS. PlusciPal.e : Mrs. B. ELLIDGIC. Trained Certificated Teacher. Registered Column B Teachers' Register ; Miss M. HOLLAND. London Trained Kindergarten Teacher. Full staff of Resident linglish and Foreign Mistresses. and Visit- ing Professors. Pupils prepared for Oxford and Cambridge Local and Music Rxaminationa. FRHS MOD 4RATN. PROSPBCTUS and RIiteRRBNCHS on APPLICATION.

TO PHOTOGRAPHER 4 AND OTHERS WE HAVE A LARGE SELECTION OF SHOND H.Ati D KODAKS AD OTHER FIRM CAMERAS BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS, ALSO 57 HALF PLATE CAMERA SETS COMPLETE FROM 289. 6r. To £4. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TtKEN. AMATEUR :PHOTOGRAPHIC 'DEPOT. 71, OXFORD ROAD MANCHESThR.

IURNBULL'd GUARANTBED PLUM CANE MOLAFSES STOCK FOODS. BKsr AND CHEAPEST, ONLY £5 PER TON. It is advisable, %clam possible. to order In lots of 2 tons to get benefit bf tbe minimum ra;:way rates.

AtITIIUR F. TURNBULL. 30, MARK-LANE. LONDON, R.O.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWSE'S

LORODYN

IN VALUABLE FOR

COUGH, COLDS, BRONCHITIS,

NEURALGIA,

AND ALL KINDRED AILMENTS.

1',13 cld and tried remedy has isto,l the tet '

two generation,.

It 41,13 Nto put of with a SUBSTITUTE. Thz..

ORIGINAL can be )i1 of ALL •01-113 MIS rs if you

let it be seen that you fire not we enough to accept

an imitation.

COLLIS BROWNE IS THE NAME :

ls. 11,D., 2s. 9D., 4e. 6D., THE PRICES.

DDREF.S or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate cr type. ROGRAMME BAgAARS. PRISTBRS, LITIICGRAPHHILS, BOOKBINDBRS, PAPHR RULERS, &C., Estimates given for all kinds of work.

FOB

EXAMINER OFFICE pRIOE LIM'S Printed on card or paper LlM- tutted, if required.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
• ' .2.!`^trz, -oaf-

V lbs

===== 0002601_19041015_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
ILWAYS USE McDOUGALL'S Pateqt SELF-RAISING FLOUR TITHES ri BEST.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The End of the Fashionable Fortune-tenon—Society will be at length deprived of one of its amusements, by the verdict in the Palmistry trial, which means the final suppression of the fashionable fortune-teller. Both his and her disappearance will be viewed with mixed feelings as many people have a firm belief in palmistry and several of the Royal Princesses are known to have consulted, some of the leading professors of the art, but the public will agree that the law should be the same for the fashionable fortune teller, as for the gipsy. Palmistry apparently. will now be reduced to a harmless drawing-room diversion—nothing more than one of the recognised "parlour tricks "—by which one may say nice or nasty things to another as fancy may dictate, but it is said the professional palmists will now remove "bag and baggage" to France, so they will still be attainable to those prepared to make a journey. The Countess of Warwick.—Lady Warwick is taking an active interest in the support of the candidature of Labour representatives in Parliament, and her appear- ance on the platform in support of Mr. Pete Curran, the Labour candidate for Jarrow, is to be followed next month by a similar service on behalf of Mr. Walter Hudson, the Labour candidate for Newcastle-on-Tyne. It seems strange that the Countess, who is one of the recognised leaders of Society, should appear in such a cause, but the Countess prefers to combine the useful with the gilded life, and manifested her interest in Labour politics by her volume on "Joseph Arch's Reminiscences," which is quite the most important literary work she has undertaken. Old Letters.—A great writer, touching upon the sub- ject of keeping letters, sayerthat the only ones worth preserving are those of childhood, and schooldays. But there are others which might with advantage be kept, such as a letter that is singularly characteristic of a person dear or respected, or those written during the usually high spirited period most girls enjoy, between the ages of fifteen and twenty-one. For the billets-doux of an affair of the heart, past and gone, the bonfire is the better place, and every letter that reveals some other person's private affairs, or some items that would cause pain to another if made public, should be instantly des- troyed. As a general rule, it is better to destroy all letters as soon as read and answered, and it is a rule which, happily, largely obtains nowadays. The period when a woman gloried in bundles of old love letters— tied with faded ribbons—which she spent perchance sad hours in perusing, has passed by. We have healthier ideas, and no time for such unprofitable and melancholy self-imposed tasks. Shopping by Post.—Once upon atime, the woman, far from the haunts of the fashionable dress-maker and tailor, had to be content with pictures and sketches,and patterns of the latest toilettes, but nowadays all lead- ing firms send out to their customers a regiment of dolls' dressed down to the most minute detail, in the very latest styles. The fabrics employed are the same precisely that will be utilised for the toilette, and the price for each is quoted. The idea is taken from the mannequin, who, decked out in exquisite raiment, walks up and down the salon of the dressmaker's establishment, before the critical gaze of the customer. When the customer beholds a beautiful gown worn by a beautiful and graceful girl, she frequently finds it difficult to resist giving an order for a copy of it, and the mannequin therefore wins the day.

An Undesirable Mode.—Compared with even two or three summers back, there has been little "make up" in evidence during the past season, and the man who was asked in the time of Louis XV. what he thought of women, and replied that he was no judge of painting, would find little opportunity for such a taunt nowadays. either in France or in these Islands. Undoubtedly it is the more healthy lives we lead that has brought about this happier state of affairs. The outdoor recreations we indulge in paint natural roses on our cheeks, brighten our eyes, and give us a clear, complexion, and "make up "is an undesirable item of the past. Concerning Hair Dressing.—Hair is to be dressed high, this coming winter, and the majority of us will appreciate this decree, as a high dressing is—generally speaking—very mach more becoming than a low one. Only the loosest and most natural looking waves are permitted, anything stiff, formal, and artificial looking in this way being in the worst of taste. Hair dyes are still used, as indeed they always will be, but the usual thing just now is to remain faithful to the natural tint, rather than seek after another colour. The woman who changes the colour of her hair is rare. Instead she has the grey "touched up" as it comes, and thus preserves as far as possible, the natural tint. A Novel Fitted Trunk.—Many of the best travelling trunks are divided into compartments which save the jumble, and sometimes chaos which w often ensues when the trunk has been stood on end and upside down, and generally flung about in the manner approved by porters. But these fitted trunks are costly, and the same end may be attained by getting cardboard boxes which tailors use when sending out their wares. The one placed in first should as nearly as possible fit the trunk, others for blouses, fronts, and airy fairy items, head- gear, &c., being of% shape that will fill it without wast- ing an inch of room. With each box labelled, there is no confusion when unpacking, and it is easy to find any garment without hunting for it. Table Decoration.—The latest fad of the Society woman is to undertake the working out of her, dinner table schemes—an occupation that has indeed been raised to the position of a fine art. Taken as a whole simplicity rather than elaboration is the order of the day, and this state of affairs is probably due to his Majesty's objection to anything in the way of ruinous and ridiculous outlay, where table decoration is con- cerned. The first thing a hostess sees to is, that her table cloths and serviettes are well and carefully dressed, and that her menus and name cards are correctly carried out. Silk -or satin centres, tawdry horrors in chiffon, or art muslin, she dispenses with. A favourite device is a wall of maidenhair fern, the lamps, candles, or elec- tric lights being fitted with white, or yellow shales. Other hostesses just now are pinning their faith to heather, bracken, moss, ivy, and variegated creepers, while yet another idea is to depend solely upon the brown and green field grasses. Costly hothouse flowers and ferns are quite out of favour. Cheap Fruit.—lt would almost appear that a fine summer is worse for the fruitgrowers than a wet one. For months past housewives have rejoiced in cheap and abundant fruit, but from all parts of the country com- plaints come from the producers, of the ruinous prices obtained owing to the too abundant crops. In many parts, the prices realised for apples, pears and plums are said not to have paid for the picking, and consequently large quantities have been left to rot on the trees and ground. It seems a pity that some means cannot be devised for bringing the producer and the consumer together, so that the public could reap the advantage of this profusion, to a much greater extent than is the case. Retail prices it is true have been very low, but they are still many times as much as what the fruit growers say they can obtain for their produce from the market dealers.

AfADGE.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
STOP A COUGH IN ONE NIGHT

!. Take VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE.

The remarkable rapidity with which VENo's LIGHT- NING COUGH CURE absolutely cures the Worst cases of coughs, colds, bronchitis, asthma. catarrh, weak lungs and children's coughs has gained for it scientific recog- nition throughout the world. It is vastly superior to ordinary cough mixtures or any of the emulsions. GRANVILLE H. SHARPE, F.C.S., Analyst, 11 and 12 Great Tower street, London, says, in his Certificate of Analysis :—" lam of opinion that VENQ'S LIGHT- NING COUGH CURE will prove a valuable remedy in the cure of coughs. colds, asthma, and all bronchial com- plaints." DACRE,S, College Villas Road, South Hamp- stead, London, writes June 17th :—" I have a high Opinion of VENO'M LIGHTNING COUGH CURE; I have used it with much benefit to myself and have recom- raeaded it to others." Ask for VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE at Chemists, 90., Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
THIRTY MILES AN HOUR AT

GRAPPENHALL

Fine Inflicted and Licence Endorsed.

Before Mr. J. C. Parr and other magistrates at the Daresbury PettY Sessions on Tuesday Ernest A. Rosen- heim, 1, Croxteth-road, Liverpool, was summoned for having on the 11th September driven a motor-car on the Knutsford-road, Grappenhall, furiously, to the danger of the public. P.C. Williams stated that at 1.5 in the afternoon in question, he was on duty in Knutsford-road, G rappen- hall, when he saw a large motor car numbered K A 7 being driven in the direction of Warrington. It was going at a furious speed—at least 30 miles an hour. The defendant was the only occupant of the car. Witness shouted to him to stop, but he took no notice of him, and drove off at a great speed. Thomas Ireland; Lvy Cottage, Knutsford-road Grappen- hall, retired publican, expressed the opinion that defen- dant was driving at the rate of from 28 to 30 miles an hour. He had driven express and passenger trains, and therefore knew something about speed. Defendant objected to the question of speed being raised by the police. With regard to the speed the police must show-- The Clerk: The question is whether you were driv- ing recklessly. Defendant: But how can they get an estimate of • the speed? The Clerk repeated that it was a question whether the defendant was driving to the danger of the public. James Henry Daniels, Grappenhall, said that hearing the noise he rushed out of his house and went at once to the gate, but he could scarcely discern the car as it was "'nearly out of sight. While witness walked twelve yards the car had travelled 276 yards. P.C. Mottersall, stationed at Runcorn, said he went to Liverpool at the request .of Superintendent Ennion and saw the defendant with regard to the present charge. He told him that he had been sent by the Superintendent and that he (defendant) would be reported for furious driving.. Defendant said "Yes, I was the driver."

Defendant denied that that was a correct version of what occurred. He admitted that he was alone in the car, but he was not at the point named at 1.5 p.m. His car was on a trial trip. Witness was engineer to the Road Carrying Company Limited, and he emphatically denied that he was driving furiously to the danger of the pubic. The police had "got hold of the wrong car." The Bench retired to consider their decision, and on their return into Court the Chairman said the magis- trates were fully satisfied that there had been furious driving, and the offence had been aggravated by the defendant not stopping when the officer held up his hand. Some of the magistrates thought the penalty ought to be heavier than the one which would be inflicted namely £3 and costs, but this reckless driving must be stopped. A heavier penalty would be put on if a similar case came before the Bench again. Defendant's licence was endorsed, the magistrates being advised that such a course was compulsory.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
A WALKING MATCH TROPHY.

42 Miles in Nine Hours.

Between Liverpool and Rhyl lies a stretch of road forty-two and a half miles in length, and a Liverpool cotton sampler named Wm. E. Page, now staying at 216, North-street, Leeds, has been awarded a silver medal by the Liverpnol Cotton Trade Association for walking this in the short time of nine hours, five minutes. We give herewith a reproduction of both sides of the medal.

The most interesting and im- lressiv& fact in connection with \is feat is that a short time before tdertaking his long walk, Page Is so weak from indigestion and )bility that he could not walk a -ea's length, and to Chas. Forde's n beans belongs the sole credit restoring his strength so com- ely. "One day when walking to the )atre, I felt so very dizzy that I to return home," says Mr. Page. •rom that time I began to have digestion. Food made me sick, rind collected, and caused great Jain. I had constipation, frequent ieadache, and became very de- ressed. No ms,tter what food I Jok, the wind and the pain and the ickly feelings followed it. I went A) a doctor, but as he failed to

tried another. .The second doctor vous dyspepsia, but he also failed to

treated me" benefit me. A third and fourth were consulted, with the same disheartening result. My doctor's bills and the cost of medicine amounted to £26. Having spent that, I found myself too weak to work, too, ill to move about, and I had wasted from ten stone six pounds to eight stone.

"Such was my state when I -began to take bile beans. The first box had scarcely any effect whatever, but as I persevered with them, slowly but surely I began to perceive a change for the better. I bought more of the beans, and continued to take them. The constipation was first cured, then the flatulence ceased to trouble me ; the acute pains after food in back and chest be- came less severe, and the overwhelming fits of exhaus- tion were no longer so frequent nor so powerful. In all I took six large boxes of bile beans, and by that time I was quite restored to my former excellent state of health. Tn proof of this I entered the Cotton walk and won a medal."

I I 'AL

to \ „ ;

p, th unt Nrio del stri bih for pleb the: had "F ine ht. pr 4 to, s; ‘l‘ ti 'ye me any relief, I for ner-

•11T

et% _,CrOopi 10 HO 1) 0101 BY

===== 0002601_19041015_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
Daresbury Petty Sessions.

TCESDA.Y.—Bafore Mr. J. C. Parr (in the chair), Colonel Ridgway, and,Messrs. H. Neild, John White, F. Monks and J. Mahn Edelsten. MINOROFFESCES.—Howard Brereton,Latchford With- out, summoned for allowing two horses to stray on the highway in Acker's-lane, was ordered to pay the cost of the summons;and Henry Clayton, Porter-street,Waxring- ton, was, fined in the costs for obstructing the free passage of the highway at Latchford Without, by allowing a horse and cart to remain on it for an un- reasonable time.—A fine of is. 6d. was imposed upon James Garrity for making use ot obscene language.in Appleton-road on the 2nd October.—The following persons were fined as under for keeping dogs without licences : Walter Pearse,los. ; Thomas Hardman,Harry Short, and Harry Cook, 3s. 6d. each; and William Arthur Jones, ss.—Oswald Ball, of Antrobus, labourer, was fined 10s. for assaultin Birchall Frith.—Daniel Taylor was fined ss. and costs for having been drunk in charge of a horse and trap in Victoria-road, Stockton Heath, on the 14th September. THEFT Aar ACTON BRIDGE.—Thomas Threlfall pleaded guilty to stealing two hand saws, and two leather belts, of the value of 65., at Acton Grange. on September IBM—From a statement made by Superintendent Ennion, it appeared that on the day in question a DUIII ber of men bad been engaged in putting up telegraph wires. They left work at 5.30, Zlnd put the tools, &c., in a box on the roadside. The next morning the articles were missing. Information was given to the police and suspicion fell upon the prisoner, who was apprehended. —Prisoner was sent to gaol for three months.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 15, 1904.

( Copp ht.)

AVER LONG YEARS :

A RED CROSS STORY.

BY GEORGE E. MANSFIELD.

Anthor of "Hospital ;Tenn," "The Viscount's Sisters," " Marie, " "Born to Blush Unseen, "

" Who is she ? " asked Nurse Simpson. - "More than I know," answered young Dr. Grey. "Knows her work, anyhow, " remarked Nurse Martin.

"hat she does," said the surgeon. It was at the Base Ho,pital at Hopetown, on the route to Kimberley. The speakers' eyes were turned towards a tall, aristocratic lady wearing the badge of the Red Cross Society. The person under discussion was bending over one of the beds, on which lay a wounded soldier. . The Boers had given Lord Methuen a hard fight for it. Every inch of the road had been contested. Two stubborn battles had already been fought, and there had been skirmishing night and day. On every ridge the English had found the enemy posted in strong positions. The Medical Staff had been exceptionally busy, and the Base Hospital at Hopetown was full of the wounded of both parties. Nurse Fleming, about whom her friends were talking, was. as I have said, a tall, aristocratic lady, somewherehetween fifty and sixty. A few grey locks peeped from beneath her cap. Time had left its finger on her brow; yet there was a nobility in the careworn face, and a certain poise of the fine shoulders, which told that the nurs,., one of our most indefatigable workers, was of gentle birth, and had been reared in a refined circle.

"They say she could as well be called Lady Fleming ' as Nurse Fleming," remarked one of the previous speakers. "Is she married ? " asked Dr. Grey. "Yes," said Nurse Martin; "at least, there's a wedding-ring on her finger." "So ! " ejaculated the surgeon. "She's probably some officer's widow who has volunteered for the work."

Just at that moment Dr. Henderson, our chief, entered hastily. "I say, Grey," he called, "there's been a battle at the Modder River. The Kimberley Light Horse came out this morning, and tried to effect a junction with Methuen."

"What " cried Nurse Simpson. "The Kimberley Light Horse? Captain Weldon's boys, doctor ? " "Yes," said Dr. Henderson. "Then it's sure to have been a victory," said Nurse Simpson, rubbing her hands gleefully. "Paul Weldon has never been defeated."

• "He's the man for the Boers," cried Nurse Martin. "He has done more for the defence of ,Kimberley than any other man." "Yes," observed the junior surgeon; "Weldon's name is in evirybody's mouth up this way. I'd like to see the man; both friends and foes have a 'good word to say for him." , "Well," said Dr. Henderson, "I suppose the 'hospital will be moved up to Kimberley as soon as .the town 'is in Methuen's hands, so perhaps your curiosity, Grey, and that of our nurses, will be ,gratified. I know their heads are fairly turned about young Weldon."' . "What naene did you say, docfor ? " asked a trembling voice at his side. . "Weldon, Nurse Fleming," said Dr. Henderson, ;turning round. "Captain Paul Weldon, of the Kimberley Light Horse. His name is in every person's mouth. He seems to lead a charmed life. Nothing daunts him. He assaults the most desperaOre positions; he has been in the jaws of death a score of times, and has come out unscathed." "Weldon, did you say ? " asked our old nurse again. We were all standing round the group. Every eye was turned to ;sTurse Fleming, and I could see that she was deeply agitated. - "Yes," said Dr. °Henderson. "They tell me he's a young, fair fellow about five-and-twenty. He is the hero of the hour, that's certain. The me4senger who has just come in says that but for him and his Light Horse, we should have lost the day." "I guess there will be some cheering when he comes into camp," said young Nurse Martin. "Yes," said the doctor; "he deserves it. He's a brave young fellow. His folk will. be proud of him. What—nurse Catch her, Grey!" For Nurse Fleming had dropped to the floor. "Fainted!" cried the assistants, rushing to the spot . "Stand back! Give her air!" commanded the chief surgeon. We raised the old lady, and placed her on one of the beds. Restoratives were applied, and in a few minutes her eyes opened. "Why, nurse," said Dr. Henderson, cheerily, "whatever's the matter? This isn't like you at all." • "Oh, I'm all right, doctor," she replied, in a low voice. "It was just a turn." "Was it anything I said ? " asked our chief surgeon. "Perhaps you know this Captain Weldon? Is he some friend of yours ? " The answer was faint, the words came slowly; but if she had a secret, Nurse Fleming kept it. "No," she answered, in a whisper. "No, doctor, II think not."

i'aul Weldon, of the Kimberley Light Horse, deserved all the praises which his friends bestowed on. him. At the beginning of the war he had levied the troop largely at his own expense, and his men had borne the brunt of the siege. Not only had they displayed the greatest heroism in defending the place, they had also taken part in every sortie from the town. ' Their leader, especially, had distinguished himself in many a rough skirmish. Nobody knew much of Weldon' s antecedents. He had come out to South Africa five years before, when he was only twenty years of age. Daring and cool-headed, he soon made his mark. Although a man of iron sinews and unflinching will, his manners were gentle and courteous. He was the idol of his men, all of whom would have followed him to death.

The story of Methuen's famous advance to Kim- berley is well known. After the Battle of Graspan, the English General had opened heliographic com- munication with the beleaguered town. Using the sun's rays to flash his message, Methuen had informed the besieged of the route by which he was advancing, and the probable date of his arrival. When the sun's rays flashed Methuen's message, all the bells of Kimberley were set ringing. The officers immediately held a council, and it was Paul Weldon who proposed that another sortie should be made, partly to divert the Boers' attention, also to form a junction with the relieving column. The project was carried out. Early on the morn- ing when our story opens, the Kimberley Light Horse had sallied forth from the beleaguered town. The men were all Britons by birth, though they wore the slouched hat, and had the bronzed faces of South Africa. For weeks they had defended the English flag on the frontier against an over- whelming host, and now that the Guards were advancing to their rescue, Paul Weldon and his bold lads determined to make a dash through the Boer lines, and assist the English column up the . Dawn was just breaking ,when the company of horsemen rode ottt of the town. The Boers com- manded the main roa.d south. Their artillery was placed in a strong position, but Paul Weldon hoped, by skirting round one of the ridges, to be able to break through the enemy's line at a weaker spot. "Six o'clock, Merrick," he said to his lieutenant, as the company wheeled to the left. "At this very moment time. Guards will be. setting out on their last stage." "Yes," replied Jack Merrick, "and it's'a tough bit of road they have at the end of their journey. Eighteen miles steady uphill, and itn enemy strongly posted at the end." "That's the worst of it," rejoined Paul Weldon. "Methuen's column will be fagged out before the fight begins. We must try and force a way for them."

The Light Horse accomplished the circuit of the ridge without raising the alarm. The little company only comprised three hundred men—a mere handful to the seven thousand armed Boers who were known to be lying close at hand. "Halt!" cried their- leader, as the company came to the foot of a little knoll. "Take the com- mand, Harris," said Weldon to a sturdy, bronzed figure on his right. "Merrick and 1 are going forward to reconnoitre. You had better bid the lads dismount and give the horses a rest. -We may have to wait here a bit." "Right, Captain," answered Harris. Waving his hand to his followers, Paul Weldon, accompanied by Jack Merrick, tode forward in advance. Tethering their horses when they had half-climbed the knoll, they made the rest of the ascent on their hands and feet. Coming to the

top, both threw themselves upon • tne ground and 'canned the horizon. "See," whispered our hero. "Yes," said Merrick, grimly, The place where our two friends were lying cornrn na,nded a wide view towards the south. The Slodder River flowed half-a-mile below, and captain Weldon could see the road along which the Guards would come. But more than they could see that road. Not ighty yards from where they were concealed, two :ong guns were placed in position, with their nuzzles in the direction of the Modder River. A !orce of at least .a thousand Boers was drawn up by :he battery, and Weldon could see their officer aosting his men in the most advantageous places, m assault Methuen's column when it began the Ascent.

"See that, Jack ? "

"Their scouts have brought them word," whispered Merrick to his companion. "Yes," said Captain Weldon, "that was to be expected, of course." "What do you think of doing ? " asked Jack. "No good attacking at present," replied the leader. "That would only bring the whole Boer force down on us, and we should be surrounded. Go back, and bid our men breakfast. We'll wait till Methuen appears ; then, when the action begins, we'll make a rear attack and try to silence these guns." Merrick hurried back to the troops with Captain Weldon's instructions. All alone, our hero lay among the thick grass on the top of the knoll, watching the enemy taking their positions, and forming his own plan of assault. His brow grew dark as the rumbling of wheels fell on his ear. Turning his eyes to the right, he saw another company of Boers marching down the hill with three more pieces of artillery. "All depends on us, Jack,' companion rejoined him. "See a cloud of dust far in the south ? " said Merrick, putting the glass to his eye. "Can that be the advance guard of our troapi "Yes," said Paul Weldon, after a careful look. "Methuen is up to time. They're hurrying forward by forced marches." • At that moment a bugle sounded close at hand. It was the Boer signal. The enemy had also observed the .advancing column. Ten minutes later the English troops could be clearly discerned. _ _ _ _ _ _ _

'' he whispered, as his

"(Jay-airy first,'" whispered Jack'Merriek. "Yes," said Weldon. "I can make out the Grenadiers. Hullo! Do you see that? "

For at the word of command, the enemy, of whom at least two thousand were now in position, had, dropped under cover behind the rocks. Branches of trees were spread over the muzzles of the ckinnon, to hide them from the advancing English. "They know how to lay a trap, by whispered Jack Merrick

"Yes," said our hero. trappers will be trapped.

tell our men to mount."

Jove ! "

"But this tithe the Off you go, Jack, and

Merrick hastened away. Lord Methuen's force was now, less than a mile away, and was advancing steadily along the Modder River. Paul Weldon could see the Boer gunners busy loading their cannon. The Commander himself was stationed at the battery. Our hero could hear his voice as he issued his commands. A minute later, and the first gun boomed forth. The English trumpets rang out below. As soon as the smoke cleared away, Weldon could see that the column had halted. "We're ready, Captain," whispered. a voice behind him. Merrick had returned. "The Guards are preparing for the assault," said our hero.

No need of the glass now. With the naked eyE Merrick could see that the advancing column had reached the foot of the incline which led up to du Boer position. For over half-a-mile our troops would have to ascend in the teeth of a murderous fire. But undeterred by the broken ground, un- daunted by the fact that they were tired and foot- sore, the Naval Brigade and Grenadiers advanced to the attack.

"Quick, now!" whispered Captain Weldon. Harris had brought up the troop close at hand. "Ready, lads ? " shouted Paul Weldon, as he and Merrick leaped on their horses, and prepared tc lead the way. "Aye, Captain," cried the men. "Forward, then ! " With a shout, the Kimberley Light Horse swepl round the knoll, and before the Boers knew of theil presence, they rode headlong into the battery. Sabres flashed in the air, pistols were fired. "Down with them!" cried Paul Weldon, as he and his men cut their way through the Boer ranks.

- Once! Twice! Thrice! tie Light Hors( charged along . the ridge. On cannon had beer hurled from its position. A second boomed forth. but with a ringing cheer, the Guards and Sailor Boys came dashing up the hill. "Back again !" shouted the leader of the Light Horse. Wheeling round, he and his men for the fourth time took the Boers in flank. It was a wild, helter-skelter ride. The Kimberley Light Horse were leaping pell-mell among the rocks, behind each of which lay a crafty enemy-. Many a steed stumbled and fell, many- a brave rider met hi( death. Harris had been shot right at the beginning of the engagement. Jack Merrick had received an ugly cut on the left arm, but, nothing daunted, he pressed on at his leader's side. Wherever the fight was thickest, there Weldon's voice was heard urging on his men, there his sword.gleamed, deal- ing death to the Boer. "Forward ! " he cried again, as thirty of the enemy appeared on a piece of even ground, evidently prepared to make a stand. The Boer Coinmander was there in person. He had gathered a party round the last piece of artillery, which the gunners were reloading in quick haste. It was pointed against the line of Guards, who were now well up the ridge. "Down with them!" shouted Captain Weldon, digging his spurs into his horse. Fifty yards, forty yards, .not more than thirty yards lay between the Kimberley Riders and their foes. If the Light Horse were in time ! If they could cut down the party, and prevent that piece being fired, it meant the lives of a hundred English- men. Merrick's horse stuitibled over a rock.

"Steady, Jack!" cried the Captain, clutching .at his friend's bridle.

"Right !" shouted sack, regaining his saddle. "Forward, lads !" cried Weldon. Ten yards! Six yards! "Down with thew !!' cried the Light Horse.

"Halt !" shouted their leader, suddenly, holding up his sword. "They've hoisted the 'white flag." The horses were pulled up on their haunches. Merrick could hear the Guards and the Naval Brigade cheering not fifty yards altay. It was the basest piece of treachery in the whole war. A. white handkerchief waved over the Boer cannon, but a second later it belched forth its death message, and a withering rifle fire was poured into the Kimberley Light Horse.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.

There is quite a rage for all shades of yellow from the palest saffron to a deep rich orange, and this colour is introduced on all sorts of hats and toque.‘ for immediate wear, ranging from the plain felt for morning use to the picture hat for afternoon and evening wear. In the former a narrow band of folded velvet or a smart quill emphasise the note of colour, while in the latter the elaboration is greater as ruchings and rosettes and clusters of shaded yellow roses and autumnal tinted foliage ap- pear sometimes on one and the. same model. A lovely picture hat of soft white felt with a furry surface looked most distinguished on the

head of a brunette, the only trimming being a long and very handsome ostrich feather which shaded from a soft creamy yellow to a rich orange tint. Yellow, however, in any shade is not a colour which should be worn by any

A MORNING TOILETTE.

woman with a sallow complexion as it is not in such a case a becoming colour. It requires that the skin of the wearer should be perfectly clear, whether the cheeks are white or rose tinted is not such a matter of importance. In Paris the orange yellow of a rich deep tone is the most popular, and indeed in some of the newest models the shade almost merges into a tomato red.

_ It is used in piping the strappings of some of the very smartest serge and tweed gowns, and the morning toilette of very dark blue given in my first sketch is finished in this manner, while the collar, cuffs, and revers are of the orange red cloth. The smart little coat which is made in somewhat the style of a Norfolk jacket is secured round the waist by a soft leather belt and finished by ornamental but- tons. The skirt is cut to clear the ground all 'round. Most of the smartest cloth gowns for useful everyday wear have a skirt of this description, for short skirts are still considered correct wear. They are not, however, quite so short as they were last season, for it is not every woman who possesses sufficiently imma- culate feet and ankles to stand such a severe test. In selecting a short walking skirt of the kindillustrated let me counsel that the skirt is of the same length all the way round. This prevents my possibility of the unsightly droop at the back which disfigures many an otherwise, smart toilette. Indeed, our French sisters find that it is more becoming to have

ti \t I /I

, 40' ..fe; . ... c • ...—.... 'c '-014,.6- ,r) 4.. , . ,• : ' 11' 4• , . - .0 \ , ‘ • ' i,

===== 0002601_19041015_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY COAT.

the skirt rather shorter if anything at the back as it somehow gives a coquettish aspect to the whole figure, the reverse being the case should the skirt droop. The short accordion pleated skirt of black watch tartan looks ad- mirable for morning wear in conjunction with a plain little sac coat of scarlet cloth finished at the throat by a narrow turn-over linen collAr and a stock tie of silk.

Sac coats of all kinds are amongst the most popular modes and my second sketch gives a charming model in grey cloth with handsome revers and cuffs of white cloth embroidered in black and silver. The deep and wide cuffs are filled in by a double frill of lace, and the coat itself is lined in with soft white satin so that it is sufficiently dressy not only to do duty for afternoon wear over a dainty blouse, but to serve as a wrap for theatre or restaurant wear, particularly useful for those who live in the suburbs and have a short railway journey into town. It is of so loose a style as to be easily slipped on over a dainty frock without serious- ly crushing it and can be worn either optn or closed. I should suggest the addition of ruffles of really good lace for evening use should one be the fortunate possessor of any heirlooms of this nature. One can never be sufficiently grateful to one's. grandmothers and aunts, etc., for so tenderly caring for their treasures of lace and embroidery as they are almost invaluable nowadays to their feminine descendants, especially to all those with a limited dress allowance.

N HAT.

My last sketch depicts a very charming hat of soft brown chenille which, by the way,is one one of the prettiest styles of hat for immediate wear. The only trimming used are a couple of yellowish red wings, for the material of the hat is of itself so pretty that it would be a mistake to conceal it by any elaborate trimmings. The shape is a very smart one. It is a mistake to buy too inexpensive a hat when chenille is in question as in the inferior ones the chenille is only indifferently sewn on to the frame and when the hat is taken into wear it parts com- pany and displays the fonndation in a most unsatisfactory fashion. Velvet trimmed with feathers is used on the very large hats of the picturesque order and the all black hai: still holds its own and is, if possible, this season larger than ever before. . English velveteen is said to be very popular at the present time with French people. At one time nothing. but the rich- est of silk velvet left the looms, but now the demand for velveteen is so great that the Lyons manufacturers have been obliged to bow to the public requirements, and French velveteen in all colours is to _be seen every-

• wnere. Strangely enough it if still called I velours anglptis, and it is pnly as velours anglais that you can make the shop assist- nt what you want, but it is ;Lade in France,

COQUETTEJ,,'

(--.. /4 ) N-..;--'-' _O6 ~......... , , iA... . ~.:-..). - . ..,..„ ...._._.,, . , .. ( , AN AUTUM

===== 0002601_19041015_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
111.

It was evening of the same day. In the Base Hospital at Hopetown diin lights were burning, all was hushed. The British victory had been com- pletf, but it had cost a terrible price. Our glorious Grenadiers and the Naval Brigade had suffered heavily. Over a hundred men were reported dead: All afternoon the wounded had .been carried in ; every bed was full. Couches had been placed on the ground—it was scarcely possible to pick one's way among them, the hospital tent was so _ _

"Can't possibly take any more," said Dr. Hen- derson, going to the door, as a voice , craved admittance.' A party of horsemen had just ridden up. "But you _must, doctor," exclaimed their officer. "Can't be done," said our chief. "There's not en inch of room." "Lord :Methuen's special orders soldier. "It's---" I could not catch the name : but I saw old Hen- derson put his hand to his brow. "Come, Grey ; come. Ackland," he called. Following him n outside, we lifted the stretcher which lay before the door. "Lord Methuen requests that Captain Weldon shall receive your immediate attention, doctor," said the officer in command. : "Everything shall be done," answered our chief. We bore the wounded man inside the tent. A glance told us that it was a desperate case. Lifting him carefully- from the stretcher, we placed him on the table, , and our chief, Grey, and myself, began to search for the wounds. Captain Weldon had been shot in four places. His left arm was shattered, there was a bullet in his leg. Something had grazed his cheek, and from his breathing, we feared that a ball had touched his lung. His hair was all clotted with blood, and his face smeared. "Bring your sponge here, 'Norse Fleming," cried our chief. • With light, soft step, the old lady came forward. She had the gentlest.of woman's hands, and the touch of the cool spongo must have done young • A, ,111. Wined tin' pood from hi‘g

" said the

face, he half-opened his eyes. That same instant she. recognised him.

"Geoige ! George ! " she exclaimed, bending over him, while tears burst from her eyes.

"it's Captain Weldon, nurse, "'said our chief. ait's my son," she cried.

"Your son, Nurse Fleming ?" "Yes, Dr. Henderson." "Then he's a brave young fellow.," replied the doctor.

My eyes had been fastened on the wounded man. His face had been deathlr.pale, but when he heard her voice a flush passed over it. A faraway look was in his eye's. He seemed to be recalling some- thing. Was it a distant scene, some peaceful English home„ left, perhaps, years ago ? "George," said the old lady again. "George, don't_ you know me ? "

"Mother ! " he replied, trying to raise himself up on his arm.

"Yes," she sobbed. "Yes, dear. It's me." "I thought you were far away," said the wounded man, in a tone of wonder.

"No, George, lam here. Your father is dead. He forgave you before the end. The old home was never the same after you went away. But you'll come Lack, dear ? You'll come back with me to England, George? Doctor, you'll save, my boy !" It was a desperate case. -Old Henderson, Grey, and myself, stood by his side for hours. Nurse Fleming never left us. But by the morning the crisis was past, the balls had been extracted, there was hope. We learnt the whole story afterwards. Young Fleming's father, an ex-Colonel of the Guards, had been a sharp, quick-tempered man. Doubtless, he meant George well. But along with his mother's gentleness the son had inherited a touch of his sire's spirit. Young and impetuous, chafirg it restraint, he had left home in his eighteenth year for some trifling quarrel. Old Colonel Fleming must have been a bit to blame, for, as Lady Fein- ing let out, he had never been the same man :Jter- wards. On her husband's death, she herself, with a great sorrow at her heart, had tried to forget it in labouring for the British soldiers, among whom her life had been passed. It was a desperate case, as I have said, but thanks to our chief's skiTh and to a mother's. love. discharged the Captain from Hopetown Hospit;l two days ago. He and his mother are now on lteir way to England. [ThE END.]

'II,Y

AGENT Joseph Beswick gorsemarket Street, WARRINGTON. W. SHAW Jun., Top Locke, Runcorn, S. JEAVONS, 21, George St., St. Helens. R. CULSHA.W, 38 Burecough St., Ormßkirk.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Parr Hall Services.

• The Hall was crowded to excess on Sunday last when the Rev. H. Dunnico preached on Exodus 4x 5. Mr. Emlyn Davies sang two solos. The service will be held to-worrow as usual when the soloist will be Mr. S. Hassal 1,

===== 0002601_19041015_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Methodist Free Church, Buckley-street.

At this church on Sunday the anniversary services were held, the preacher morning and evening being Mr. James Bridge, of St. Helens. In the afternoon there was a musical service, Mr. W. Smith presiding. The soloists were Messrs. W. Booth (tenor), W. Clay (bass), and Misses Woodland (soprano) and L. Plinston (con- tralto). The accompanist was Miss M. Plinston, A.L.C.M. The collections at each service were in aid of the church funds.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

At Sunday's meeting there was an average 'attendance of members present. Nine new members joined, making the total nnmber 534. The Secretary gave them a very hearty welcome, and congratulated the members upon bringing so many new friends, 50 having joined in about four weeks.—Mr. William Farrar presided, and spoke upon "Sympathy." One must possess sympathy to be able to impart it, and imparting sympathy helped the receiver of it to bear his burdens, and overcome his difficulties.—Mr. A. 0. Bidgood, of Manchester, was the speaker, taking as his subject" The Bible." He spoke of the authority of the Bible, and its continuity and great influence upon the world. Many objectors and critics pointed out what they considered errors in the Bible, but many of them were errors of the copyists only. The word it gave was inspired, the holy men writing as they were moved to do so. God's word, like God, was the uplifter, the helper, and the inspirer of men. By it the individual was blest; the nation exalted. No other book met the needs of man like the Bible—the great and living testimony of Christ's love, work and redemption.—Mr. A. Cotterill sang in a pleasing manner "The River of Years," Mr. W. H. Payton, Mus. Bac., presiding at the organ. Messrs. Miles and Bannister also took part in the meeting.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
Rev. J. F. Matthews and Salvation Army Work.

At Latchford Baptist church on Sunday evening the Rev. J. F. Matthewsipreached on" General Booth as a social and religious force." He said that one of the great features of post-pentecostal days, was that the old men became dreamers of a goldenfage in which a new kingdom should be established. It was to differ from every other kingdom in form, spirit, method and life. It was to be a spiritual domain of which Christ was the supreme ruler and men after God's own heart were to be the citizens thereof. Among the dreamers and visionaries of to-day none was greater than William Booth, who in 1878, started in its present form the Salvation Army, a great Christian brotherhood with a distinct .military organisation. The two features of his work were of a social and religious nature. These terms were, perhaps, a little arbitrary, for all true social work was in its essence religious. In his shelters, farm colonies, over-sea colonies, and all the varied and multiform agencies of his vast work, be kent ever before himself and his colleagues both the redemption of society and the individual. The" teach- ing of the Cross" the " conversion of the sinner," were conspicuous doctrines of the Salvation Army. Always and everywhere its officers and workers brought the holiest influences to bear upon the lazy, the outcast, and the vicious. The same method was advocated in the General's scheme for eliminating the tramp. Even in his new suggestion for founding ' a Humanitarian University," to study by scientific methods hOw best to deal with the grave social problems of our time, he desiderated that the students should be men and women who love their fellows. As a social and religious force General Booth had largely helped in the nobler and higher interpretation of. Christ's teaching, that that which obtain9d forty years ago. The typical Christian Church was no longer satisfied with holding two ser- vices on Sunday, and a mid-weekly prayer meeting. Everywhere there was a desire to subserve the highest interest of man in all its forms by the steady and strenuous application of the ethics and mind of Christ

===== 0002601_19041015_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE " TRADE " AND THE LICENSIN ACT.

Mr. W. J. Shaw and the Compensation Question.

TRUST COMPANIES CRITICISED.

Mr. W. J. Shaw, of Warrington presided at a general meeting of delegates from beer and wine trades associa- tions in various parts of Lancashire and Cheshire held at Salford, and in the course of his address congratulated the retailer on his substantial position created by the passing of the Licensing Act, 1964, which he said, had only been brought about by attention and I careful watching of the executive, who had been well I informed, and had laboured hard to see that the retailer I had no advantage taken of him either by the teetotal Iparty or the brewer. The Compensation Bill was very satisfactory, inasmuch as the holder of a licence with a, tenure of one year or under paid nothing to the compen- I sation fund, and received full value of his interest, lin the event of his house or licence being taken I away under the Bill. .He was very sorry that a time limit had cropped up in the Bill, but at the same time they must be thankful that it did not apply to the exist- ing-licences—only to new licences that might be granted by the licensing bench forany term not exceeding seven years, altogether inadequate. This in his opinion' was the thin end of the wedge leading to more serious inter- ference with the licensing trade of the country by trying to establish a time limit to all licences. The opponents of their trade were a class that were never satisfied and never acknowledged defeat, but came smiliitgly up every year with old ideas in a different form, to place every obstacle they could to hinder the trade being carried on, no matter what the conditions might be. Why did they not charge and fire at the trust com- panies? He knew of a certain house held by a trust company that had discharged managers through profits not being large enough. In this particular case the refreshment played a very poor and shabby part for the profits of the establishment. If there was not sufficient sale Of food to declare a dividend the profit I must come from somewhere, the only course open being the drink department, and these profits not being what the management required the manager was dismissed Did not that shoW plainly that the trust companies,who were the teetotal party, would never attack the part of the trade that they were in particular connected with ? , Why did the licensed victuallers, as a powerful body, not oppose the trust, and show the Lord Grey party ' that they did not intend to be further punished' by the course of the United Kingdom Alliance Or any other body, who could not and would not act with fairness to both sides ? 1

===== 0002601_19041015_art0028.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
*4,40.ff-m,

===== 0002601_19041015_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
UV i ...-.., -. • . _„.„......5. 0. e0....._,,,...—, ~... ~. .... _., 2.,

PITTS'S

General FurnishPrs, LONDON ROAD,

MANCHESTER. We are proceeding as quickly as possible with the Complete Furnishing Order you and your intended husband favored us with. You may rely upon OUR BEST ATTENTION..

IDITTS's RENOWNED nouns OF il. FURNITURE at 151 2?., 28i, 381, 50. 70, 100, 200,up to 4 050 guineas have been pronounced by practical people the pinnacle of perfection at he price. Indeed, they are the top of admiration, 'heir high artistic and intrinsic merits, their oeauty and Valtl3 are apparent to casual inspection. blob closer examination and wear only confirm. 'ull particulars, ILLUS CRATED I' URNISHI f4G i•U(DE, containing 800 &signs, and showing at a lance HOW TO Sa.VE 51 per cent, post free. lash quotation* only. Easy payments 10 per cent extra. PITI S'S MODEI, FURNISHED HOUSE seven rooms. EVERYTHING PERFECTLY ;NEW, for 20U guineas, and also THIRTEEN 44SPECIMEN FURNISHED ROOMS at 7, 13,20. It-. 4 3, 50, 65, 75, 100, 125. 3c1.1 guineas each are veri- able aye-openers.. Everyone about to furnish I;ought to see them, asinothing similar can be found 'elsewhere. Photos and Details free. - PITT_, _WS Manchester. EN.•im•l NH

I,

===== 0002601_19041015_art0030.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Mii

===== 0002601_19041015_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19041015_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 155 1904.

FOOTBALL.

DUSSBY'S PORTABLE BILLIARDS. Scientifically con structed, perfectly accurate, excellent workmansuip, superior finish, bft„ 24 10s. ; Lift , £5 15s. ; 71 t., 2? os Obtain from local agent the Special Catalogue of (}co. G. BUSS" Co., Billiard Manufacturers, London. (79 )

===== 0002601_19041015_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Efforts to cross by Kenyon and Berry were spoiled by Poole and the game afterwards took an even turn. Re- newing the attack Davies had an abortive shot at goal, but soon after the home backs were badly at fault, and Davies opened the scoring, the same player adding the goal. Immediately after, Kenyon put on the finishing touch on a passing movement, and Davies again added the extra points. Warrington continued the attack and Foster scored rather luckily, a flying kick causing the ball to strike the posts and rebound into the scorer's hands. Davies again landed the goal so that at half time Warrington led by three goals three tries (15 points), to nil. On resuming Runcorn soon made strong play irto the Warrington quarters, and Poole early opened Runcorn's scoring account. The home backs passed well and continued to force the game. Tries were also scored by Dutton, Hassey and Poole, but in no case was a goal added,and the final result was:—War- rington, three goals three tries (15 points) ; Runcorn, four tries (12 points).

===== 0002601_19041015_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE JUNIOR LEAGUE.

WALKER'S BREWERY (WARRINGTON) V. WIDNES RANGERS.—This match was played at Widnes on Saturday. The visitors were the first to be seen to advantage, Lloyd and Roscoe being to the fore in some sterling play. For an infringement in the scrum, the Rangers were penalized and Roscoe made no mistake with the penalty kick. This put the locals on their mettle, and the forwards invaded the visitors' territory, but their stay was all to brief, Hewitt sending them to the rightabout. Lloyd gathered nicely from a scrum, and tricking the opposing halves, gave to Roscoe, who registered an unconverted try. After a spell, of mid- field play Lloyd again showed his opponents his heels and had an open line, but he preferred to pass to Timmins, who scored for Roscoe to improve. Half-time: Walker's, ten points; Rangers. nil. On resuming, the Widnesians pressed and from a forward rush Massey scored a try which was improved upon. Lloyd again opened out the game and Hewitt crossed but the points were disallowed. Final : Walker's Brewery, ten points; Widnes Rangers, five points.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION COUNTY CHAMPIONSHIP.

CHESEIRE v. CUMBERLAND.

This important county fixture took place on the grand of the Birkenhead Club, at Prenton Park, on Thursday afternoon. elorious weather prevailed, but there was only a fair attendance. Cumberland won the toss, and set their opponents to face a powerful sun. Walker kicked off on behalf of Cheshire, who at once forced a way into their opponents' half. A free kick followed the preliminary scrimmaging, and then Eagers took a free kick for the visiting county, Houghton getting in his kick in fine style. Hard play followed but, with the Cestrians pressing, some exciting moments followed on the Northerners' line. The pressure was relieved by Crane, and again the ball was scrummaged at the centre flag, the backs being very evenly matched. Ritson, Owens, and Templeton did good work for Cumberland, but Price and Butterworth responded. Half-time—Cumberland, 2 points; Cheshire, nil. Following the change of ends, Cheshire went down in great style with fine forward work, but Eagers repulsed and, ofter a rapid visit to the other end, a long rush by Cheshire resulted in Richardson getting over, Molyneux kicking a goal and giving the Cestrians the lead. Interesting play followed, but Cheshire were short of Price. The game was interesting to the finish. Result —Cheshire, 5 points; Cumberlane, 2 points.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY TRIAL MATCH.

After the trial match at Wigan on Wednesday between teams representing Possibles and Probables, in which the Possibles won by 17 points to 15, the following team was chosen to represent Lancashire against Ches- hire at Runcorn on Wednesday, October 26 : Poole (Broughton Rangers), full back ; Fish (War- rington), Lomas (Salford), Wilson (Broughton Rangers) and Hughes (Widnes), three-quarter backs; S. and W. James (Broughton Rangers), half-backs; G. Thomas (Warrington), Ferguson (Oldham), O'Neil (Leigh), Boardman, (Warrington), D. Thomas (Oldham), Buckler (Salford), Trotter (Broughton Rangers), and Wilkinson (Oldham), forwards. Reserves: Giffard (Barrow), full back; J. Taylor (Widnes), F. Harry and Hogg (Broughton Rangers),and Leytham (Wigan), three-quarter backs: Kirk (Leigh), half-back; W.Prescott (St. Helens), Rhapps (Salford), and J. Brown (Wigan), forwards.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TO GROW SKIN,

A New and Wonderful Discovery.

One of the greatest triumphs of the new century is the discovery of a unique preparation for growing new healthy skin. Indeed,accidents and skin diseases are so common to-day that there is no reader who will not feel that the discovery meets a real and distinct need in ho me, factory, and field. Ever since man acquired the instinct to rub a plaoe that hurts, attempts have been made to find the right article for him to rub with. In the times of Ancient Greece, warriors and gladiators used a secret balm upon the injuries they received in the arena or in battle. The Roman charioteers, too, did not emerge from their mad races without some severe bruise or gaping wound; and to anoint each hurt with their favourite balm was a necessary part of the day's programme. These articles, like the cheap oint- ments, salves, and embrocations sold to-day, were very crude • and unreliable. Until recently there was one fatal objection to this class of preparation—that they were too coarse for the pores of the skin to absorb their healing and soothing ingredients; or that the presence of rancid animal fat and mineral poison rendered them not only inefficient, but even dangerous for theaverage skin. To overcome these long-standing objections, an eminent chemist commenced fresh investigations, turn- ing his attention to the rare medicinal herbs growing beyond the borders of civilization. All available knowledge was gleaned about these plants; and it was discovered how some of them could be made to yield gums and juices possessing healing. soothing, and antiseptic properties of a wonderful order. Costly experiments were made with mixtures or blendinp of these juices, and at last a combination with astonishing powers as a healer and antiseptic was secured. To this unique preparation the name of Zam-buk was given, and this is the great healer which is to-day generally regarded as a household necessity. Zam-buk has more than fulfilled the expectations of its discoverer, and many medical men to-day freely extol its merits. It possesses a wide range of usefulness, being especially recommended for cuts, bruises, burns, scalds, sprains, stiffness, weak ankles, swollen joints, bad legs, blind and bleeding piles, running sores, eczema, pimples, boils, rash, raw chapped hands, scalp irritation, sore heads, barber's rash, raw chin after shaving, insect-bites, nettle-stings sore throat and chest, sore and aching feet, c'.ilblains cold-sorest festering sores, poisoned wounds, and other diseased, injured, and inflamed or irritated conditions of the skin. Zarn-buk as an antiseptic is unrivalled. Not only does it soothe pain and subdue inflammation, but it positively prevents or arrests festering and sup- puration. Rubbed well into the parts affected, Zam-buk also gives great relief from neuralgia, toothache,sciatica, lumbago, rheumatism, chest and back pains, and colds. A box of Zam-buk may be had of any chemist for one- and-three-halfpence, or two-and-nine for a large family size (which contains neerly four times the quantity in the one-and-three-halfpenny) ; or post free for the same price direct from the Zam-buk co., Redcross-street London, B.C. This balm is. Nature's true healer, and every home needs it.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Fearnhead Bowling Club.

The members of this club held their annual general meeting at the Farmer's Arms Hotel on Monday evening. A. large party of members and friends sat down to supper and afterwards the prizes gained in the closing main were distributed as follows :-1, clock, Mr. John Smith; 2, pair of Marli horses, Mr. C. Roberts; 3, barometer, Mr. James Roberts; 4, clock, Mr. John Weston; 5, clock, Mr. S. Clare; 6, set of carvers, Mr. John Mercer; 7 cruet, Mr. H. Rowles ; 8, cruet, Mr. J. Milbourne ; 9, set of carvers, Mr. W. Turner; 10, inkstand, Mr. B. Tomlinson; 11, Mr. W. Boweringl2, W. J. Smith; 13, Mr. S. H. Antrobus ; 14, Quartermaster-Sergeant Jackson;ls, T. Boyd: 16, P.Croft; 17,Mr.E.Greenwocd; 18,Staff-Sergeant Pocock; 19, Mr. Joseph Harrison; 20, Mr. J. Lyons; 21, Mr. G. Holcroft ; 22, Mr. H. Haslam ; 23, Mr. J. T. Harrison; 24, Mr. Joseph Weston; 25, Mr. James Andrews; 26, Mr. F. Nevitt. The Secretary (Mr. T. Boyd) read the balance sheet, which was adopted. The following officers were then elected for next season: President, Mr. W. J. Shaw; vice-presidents, Messrs. H. Hoult, J. Taylor, S. N. Green, H. Haslam, J. Hamblett and Quartermaster-Sergeant R. Jackson ; treasurer, Mr. Joseph Roberts. The secretary resigned his office, but the meeting decided to ',defer the acceptance to a later date. The proceedings were interspersed with musical items rendered by Staff-Sergeant Pocock, :Afessrs. W. Beesley, E. Greenwood and S. N.Preen

----.....-.--.

For permitting gambling with cards on his licensed promises, James Schofield, licensee of the Havelock Inn, West nd-street, Oldham, was fined £lO and costs by the Oldham magistrates. Charles Gilbert, a well-known criminal lunatic, escaped from Bicton Asylum the other day, and was recaptured at Oswestry. Gilbert has a wooden leg, and he took it off and warded off his pursuers with it, and with a brick, until he was tired out, when he surren- dered.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
A PERFECT LEMON. JELLY. For the exquisite flavour of Ripe Lemons there are no Table Jellies to equal Eiffel Tower Lemon Aellies. Beautifully clear and they always set.

the best form of Cocoa for every-day use.

, ^ • 4,•• f

===== 0002601_19041015_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
(Copyright.)

THE INTERESTING TENOR,

BY RALLI WEST, Author of "Found Out, by a Dream," "The Sweetest Spell of All," &c.

At Laxton, a remote seaside place little fre- quented by summer visitors, lived Lucinda Sinclair, a maiden lady of uncertain age and moderate fortune. She was intensely proud of the fact that her "dear mamma's" maternal uncle had been an Earl. He had long since been gathered to his fathers, but the reflected glory of such a connec- tion was the one bright spot in Miss 'Sinclair's colourless life, in spite of the fact that his aristo- cratic descendants had a provoking way of com- pletely ignoring her existence. Her pretty niece Nora, who shared her home, found the getter days" of which her aunt was so fond of talking a terrible stumbling-block to sociability; for as the Laxtonians for the most part were hovering mid- way between a future of elegant leisure and a past of struggling poverty and sordid care, it was, of course, quite an impossibility for a lady of Miss Sinclair's antecedents to visit with them. Genteel poverty such as her own was one thing; but vulgar sufficiency—no, one must draw the line somewhere. "I really cannot, my love; it is out of the. ques- tion. Consider the different sphere in which my poor dear mamma moved as an equal," she would say when Nora sometimes pleaded to be allowed to go to tea with a friendly neighbour. The vicar's wife was of course an exception; but then Nora did not take to her. Chronic want of means appeared to have had a bad effect on her temper, poor woman, judging from the tart speeches to which her conversational powers were as a rule limited. The vicar—the Rev. Frank Dale—was a cheery old man, with a temper as sweet as his wife's was sour; but then he never concerned him- self about the petty details of household expenses. He had enough to do in his scattered parish, and left to Mrs. Dale the daily grind of striving to make both ends meet on an income far too small to allow of the feat being possible. Nora had money of her own, and would long ago have left Laxton but that. she knew Miss Sinclair would have had a difficulty in keeping on the villa without her contribution towards the home expenses; and after the loving care which had been bestowed upon her in childhood, when she was left an orphan, and Lucinda was considered by the rest of the family to be the only one of them who had sufficient leisure to look after a child, it seemed cruel to go when she really could be of use and repay the kindness of former years. Perhaps Harry Mayne, a young curate working hard in the London slums, had something to do with the girl putting up as contentedly as she did with the dull- ness of Laxton. They were waiting till he had a better curacy before commencing their matrimonial career, and meanwhile Nora had taken an engage- ment as daily governess to the doctor's children. She had been spending the Easter holidays with Harry's parents, and had not intended returning until an evening train, but, being "compelled to suddenly alter plans to suit her host's convenience, arrived at Miss Sinclair's prim little villa consider- ably earlier than expected. Letting herself in— nobody kept their doors fastened at Laxton—she was much astonished to hear a tenor voice—and a remarkably good one, too—warbling "My Pretty Jane." Who ever could it be? Not a soul on visiting terms with Miss Sinclair possessed a voice like that. She waited until the last notes had died away, then softly opened the door and went in. Her aunt and Sophy, their one servant, were busily engaged making garments for the poor; and standing at the piano, turning over a pile of music, was a tall, thin man, whose pale, cadaverous- looking face made Nora wonder how ever he managed to sing as he did. A violin lay on the table, and beside it was a tray with an empty cup and plate. Miss Sinclair gave a little scream when she caught sight of her niece. "Nora! Who ever would have thought of seeing you so early ? " Then, as the girl glanced inquir- ingly at the stranger, who stood in the background, surveying them with large, melancholy-looking eyes, she added hurriedly: "My dear, let me intro- duce you to Mr. Marmaduke Browne, a gentleman who has done me the honour to cheer my lonely afternoons by coming to sing to me." Nora returned Mr. Browne's low bow rather coldly. Something in the expression of his face repelled her, though she could not have said why. "I will not disturb you, aunt, for I know how much you enjoy music, especially your favourite old songs. Sophy, will you take up my bag, please? Who is Mr. Browne ? " she asked, as the girl followed her upstairs. "A street playing gentleman, miss," was the unexpected reply. "What do you mean ? " said Nora, quickly. "Why, min, the day you left, it turned out a wretched afternoon—the wind something terrible. Soon after dinner we heard a man singing outside. It was one of the mistress's favourite songs—made her think of the dear old days, she said. Instead of giving me the money to take out, as she does to the organ men, she made me bring Mr. Browne into the hall, and had a long talk with him there. The next day and the next lie came, and sang, I must say, beautiful. At last mistress said it was a cruel shame to let a delicate man stand about in the cold, so she asked him if he would come and sing in the drawing-room—he being superior like; and he has come every afternoon since." "But whatever makes him stay on in a little place like Laxton ? " said Nora. "He can't possibly make it worth his while to sing in the streets, when there are so few pers-ms to listen." But Sophy could tell her nothing more, so she had to wait until her aunt was at leisure to expatiate on what had proved quite an event in her monotonous life.

"A most sad, most romantic story, my dear," she began. "Like myself, Mr. Browne has seen better days; indeed, he as much as told me that he was connected with the aristocracy. Such a strange coincidence! It appears that he married for love. His wife was pretty, but poor, and of low origin—a youthful folly, le himself owns. A summer idyll, for before another summer came round his young wife and her baby lay in their grave. He lost all heart then; was nearly mad with grief; and for months was too ill to work. An illness on the nerves, I fancy; at any rate, the doctors said it was imperative for him to live in the South of France—Monte Carlo,.Monaco—thotte kind of places, you know. At last he was seized with an intense longing to revisit the spot where he first met his wife—a village not far from here. By that time he had hardly any money left. He had made a little by singing at dinners, and com- posing valses and trifles of that description; but lie is ambitious. He is writing an opera, and felt that he must have absolute quiet. in which to com- pose what he believes will be a masterpiece. So he took a room near here, and there he has been ever since, absorbed in his opera. He has played me bits of it, and I should say it would indeed be a masterpiece. Some of the airs reminded me so much of many that I heard in the old days—dear mamma and I were constantly at the opera then —but when I told him so he seemed quite over- come—said it was so wonderfully encouraging. It is strange, though, that since then he has never played me a single air; he says I shall judge so much better when I hear the whole. He is work- ing tremendously hard at it." "But meanwhile, what does he live on ? " asked practical Nora. "Ah ! that is the sad part of it. He worked on and on, never noticing how little money was left, until one day he found there were only a few shillings in his store. He felt he must stay on in this neighbourhood; that the spot hallowed by the memories of his sweet young wife was the only place where he could compose the music with which he trusts one day to electrify the world • so in despair he took his violin and went out to play in the streets. Just fancy, my love, a member of the aristocracy playing in *the streets! It was surely destiny that bid him pause before my door, for though I am too poor to help much, still I can offer some slight pecuniary aid in return for the musical treat he gives me." "And does Mr. Browne come every afternoon ?" asked Nora.

"Yes, dear. You see, it is such a treat to me to hear some really good music again; besides the comfortable feeling of knowing I am helping genius to spread its wings." Nora felt mistrustful of the tenor, in spite of his romantic history, but knew that it was useless to remonstrate with her aunt, who was evidently inktuated with her protege. She had to return to her engagement the next morning, and it was not until a fortnight later that she spent an afternoon with Mr. Browne, though she had seen him two or three times for a few minutes each day before he left. Of course, Ha'rry had been told all about him. "It is a strange tiling," Nora had written, after the second interview. "find shows how careful

, one ought to be betore saying a girl mates up. You know you are always telling me not to have uncharitable thoughts of anyone. Had this tenor been a woman, I should have declared he painted., but a man can have no object in painting, so I must be mistaken."

Harry was an earnest, simple-minded young man, who took life intensely, and was desperately anxious to find good in everything and everybody. Nora, more practical, received numerous lectures on her hardness of heart and want of faith; which lectures, being young and very much in love, she imeived with dutiful submission. But to return to the tenor. On the afternoon on which she enjoyed listening to his fine voice, she was disagreeably impressed by the familiarity of his manner to her aunt, and the nervous, almost coquettish way in which his attentions were received.

"Thank you, Mr. Browne, that is very charm- ing," the girl had remarked when "Love's Young Dream" came to an end.

"Ah ! those days are gone for ever as far as I am concerned," sighed the elder lady. "Nay, dear madam," cried Mr. Browne, bend- ing forward and laying his band on hers. "A woman is never older than she wishes to be. When I see you so rapt in Heaven's divinest gift —music—l say to myself: Behold a kindred soul!' Oh, it is sweet to feel oneself understood!"

Nora began to feel uncomfortable. Had her aunt been younger, she could have declared that Mr. Browne was making love to her; but as it was —surely she must fancy more than his manner implied. Still, she determined to be present as often as possible at the musical afternoons, and try and put a stop to his lover-like speeches. The next few days she was busy teaching, so had no opportunity of making further observations. When at last she was at leisure, she was horrified to find what a perfect understanding appeared to exist between her aunt and the tenor. He spoke constantly of the peace and comfort of home life; how delightful it would be to pass one's days with a congenial companion interested in all one's pur- suits. Miss Sinclair simpered, looked down, and once, at a plainer speech than usual, blushed. About a week after, during an interval of rest for the musician, the conversation turned on wills in general and the will of the late Mr. Sinclair in particular; and Miss Lucinda lamented to the vicar's wife—who happened to have dropped in to tea and muffins—that her highly-esteemed and deeply-lamented papa had left her money so tightly tied up that she could not touch a penny of the capital, but was compelled to live on the interest alone.

Was it a trick of the light, or did a look of baffled rage pass over Mr. Browne's face? Nora was inclined to believe that her eyes had not deceived her; but then Harry had exhorted her only that morning to guard against the uncharitable thoughts she entertained respecting the tenor. After the vicar's wife had left, Miss Sinclair deprecatingly suggested to Mr. Browne that the following week he should come one evening and sing to a select audience of her particular friends. "Excepting the vicar we shall be all ladies—your devoted admirers," she concluded, entreatingly. Mr. Browne, after some hesitation, consented, and promised to bring his violin. in case his chest —which had been very weak lately—should uravent his singing.

Miss Sinclair made elaborate preparations for her concert, and was in a flutter of excitement when the evening drew near. Mr. Browne came punctual to the moment, but was full of apologies. His chest was so weak, he greatly feared he should only be able to sing two songs. Would they there- fore allow him to commence with a few variations on the violin?

They were all enjoying the performance, when the vicar—the only gentleman present—received an urgent summons to a dying parishioner living some distance off.

"It is strange," said M. Dale ruefully. "The man was so much bettez yesterday. This bad turn must have come very suddenly.' However the messenger—a woman much muffled up—represented matters as being so urgent that the kind-hearted old man set off immediately. Soon after he had gone Mr. Browne began to sing "The Pilgrim of Love." His voice was very weak, but he sang with so much expression that his audience was enchanted. Suddenly he stopped, and sank into a chair, gasping for breath and pressing his handkerchief to his lips. The ladies were in con- sternation, and Nora was just going to fetch the doctor's assistant (the doctor himself was away for a few days) when Mr. Browne was heard to murmur an entreaty that no one would trouble about him. It was only one of his usual attacks, for which perfect rest was alone needful. If Miss Sinclair would alit v him to rest quietly on the sofa in the upstaisitting-rocm for an hour, he was sure he could by then return to his lodgings. This appeared so reasonable a request that be was straightway conducted to the sofa, supplied with restoratives in case of his feeling faint, and then left to the absolute repose which he declared the physician he had lately consulted had ordered whenever an attack came on. Then his would-be nurses joined the other ladies in the drawing-room, and, music being out of the question, sat down to a round game, Nora meanwhile helping Sophy pre- pare the light supper, with which Miss Sinclair's little evenings always concluded. They were always the same, these little evenings, thought the girl with a sigh—she and Sophy busy laying the table, the others absorbed in their cards. It was tire- some that the music, which would have made some change, had turned out a failure. Poor Mr. Browne! Perhaps, after all, Harry was right, and she had been hard on him. - .

She was roused from her reflections by the gas suddenly going out. Then came a piercing scream from Sophy, the crash of a dish on the floor, hitrried footsteps, and the banging of a door. Rushing upstairs, she found the hall in darkness. From the drawing-room proceeded a clamour of feminine voices, rising one above another in shrill confusion, mingled with cries of "Nora! Sophy ! What are you doing? What is the matter? The gas has gone out, and the door is locked 1 " "It's robbers, miss!" moaned Sophy's voice in her ear. "One knocked me down and then rushed out with a big bag, and another has locked himself in the dining-room. Don't you hear him moving about? "

"Run for a policeman!" cried Nora, and she hurried back to the kitchen for lights, and then called to her aunt to get out of the window, which was not far from the ground. By the time she had assisted the last of the trembling ladies to alight, Sophy came back with a burly policeman, an especial friend of hers. • "Look! He is trying to get out ! " she cried, pointing to the dining-room window, where a man was seen in the dim light making feeble efforts to escape. He appeared to be hurt in some way, for he made but faint resistance to the policeman's ener- getic handling. "Oh, the wretch! The villain!" cried the ladies in a chorus, as the man was dragged into the hall. The light from the lantern flashed on his face, and showed a wound on the forehead, from which the blood was flowing profusely. Ho lay quite still on the floor, ghastly, and unconscious of all that was passing around him. With a wild cry, Nora flung herself on her knees beside him, and strove to staunch the blood, for in the sup- posed thief she had recognised, to her horror—her lover, Harry Mayne! Now, it so happened that no one present besides herself had over seen Harry. He had only paid one flying visit to Laxton, and at that time Miss Sinclair was suffering from gout in the eyes; so, although she had interviewed, she had not actually seen, Harry. It was in vain, therefore, that poor Nora pleaded and expostulated. No one believed but that the unconscious man was a thief, caught red-handed in the act of escaping from the scene of his guilt. The wound on his forehead, they considered, must have been caused by his en- deavouring to escape through the window, the broken glass of which bore traces of blood. By this time two more policemen had arrived, and, in spite of her entreaties, Harry was lifted into a fly and conveyed to the police-station by Sophy's burly friend, while his colleagues remained to search the house. Just then the vicar arrived, in a great state of mind at having been sent on a fruitless errand. His sick parishioner, far from being at death's door, was considerably better, and had never thought of summoning his spiritual adviser. Evidently the supposed message was a ruse to get him out of the way. "Where is Mr. Browne?" he asked, as they followed the policemen upstairs. Miss Sinclair started. In her agitation she had fdrgotten all about the tenor, and now hurried into the morning-room, half-fearing that the noise and confusion must have brought on another faint- ing _fit.

Mr. Browne had vanished—vanished also was the clock ; but in its place was a letter addressed to Miss Sinclair. With trembling fingers the poor lady. who had by this time been told that every-

alUm;mmil

===== 0002601_19041015_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
EVENTS OF THE WEEK.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
THE UNEMPLOYED QUESTION.

Seldom has the winter started under, more unfavourable auspices, and already the ques- tion of the unemployed is looming large on the national horizon. Money is tight, _trade depressed, and in almost every department of commerce there is. a slump. The conse- quence is that already the pro- portion of labourers, both skilled and un- skilled, out of work is abnor- mal for the season of the year, and it is doubtful if the state of the labour market and the promise of distress has been so serious since the winter of 1893. In various London districts t h e

figures are very

depressing-. In West Ham it is estimated that at least ten thousand men are out of work, and in Poplar six thousand, while Stepney, South- wark, and Mile End are in an equally bad way. Altogether it is calculated that in the

ountry some 650,000 men are unemployed, and that by Christmas the number will have risen to 800,000. Fortunately, however, the various authorities concerned are showmt themselves alive to the needs of the situation. Mr. Walter Long, the president of the Local Government Board, has summoned a con- ference of the various Guardians to meet on Friday at the offices of the Board to discuss the position and to offer suggestions, and it is hoped that practical good may be the outcome of this wise step. The Poplar Borough Council have gone still further by drawing up a petition which is to be sent direct to the King begging him to summon a special session of , Pax liament to devise measures for coping with the distress, which would be a step without precedent in its far-reaching effects. Again, the Poor Law Guardians of Islington have invited a joint conference of Borough Councils and Guar- dian Boards to meet next Monday in the Islington Town Hall, and this conference will have the advantage of the proposals discussed at ti e Local Government Board offices on Friday. The repbrt of the Mansion House Committee OR the unemployed, which has been considering the question since last winter, is expected within a few days, and may help to throw light on the situation. The distress is already with us, but the authorities are showing unusual activity, and it is to be hoped that they will be able to devise a practical plan to cqpe with this serious national trouble.

• "*. 140 7/ "..: MR. WALTER LONG.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
THE THANET ELECTION RESULT.

The bye-election ,at Thanet caused by the death of Mr. J. Lowther has ended in the return of Harry H. Marks, the Conservative candidate, by a majority of 382 over the Liberal nominee, Mr. Joseph King. The con- test has been the most exciting in the his- tory of the constituency, chiefly because the victor had to fight against some few members of the Conservative party who were not of opinion that Mr. Marks was a desirable candi- date. Speaking after the declaration of the poll, Mr. Marks thanked the electors for choosing him to represent the division. "The result," he said, "I regard as a triumph, first for the Conservative cause, to which Thanet has been consistently loyal; secondly, I regard it as a triumph for the cause of

MR. JOSEPH KING. MR. HARRY MARKS. Fiscal Reform • and I am happy to think That Thanet will have an important voice in deciding that question; thirdly, I regard our triumph as a vindication of fair and clean methods of conducting political warfare, and a rebuke to the methods of the muck-rake which has been all too freely employed. Elected, I shall consider myself the repre- sentative not of one party, but of all parties in the Isle of Thanet." Mr. King the van- quished was by no means pessimistic as regards the future. Speaking after Mr. Marks, he .said • "I think we have had a very good fight arid I am per- fectly sure that none of us has anything whatever to be ashamed of. I feel myself that I should like a little holiday, and then I don't know what will come after. But of this I am sure, that we must not let the attack we have made on the Conservative citadel be relaxed." Mr. King could give no promise to contest the constituency again.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
PRETTY POLLY BEATEN.

The idol of the moment both of England and France is Pretty Polly, and no one is more proud of her than her owner, Major Eustace Loder, who has given up the army for the fascination of the racecourse. Not only is he her owner, but it was he who bred her at his stud farm in Ireland, and this fact adds to his pride and satis- faction to no sm all degree. Her dam, Ad- miration (by Saraband), was well bred, but useless on a racecourse, and her sire, Galli- nult, was only a second-rater, though a great success at the stud. At the beginning of MAJOR EUSTACE LODEa, last year she was sent over from Ireland to Newmarket, where she waS placed under the charge of Mr. Purcell Gilpin at Clarehaven Lodge, and it was some time before it was suspected how good she was. Her first race was at Sandown Park, and she won with such ridiculous ease—literally "by a street," to use a metaphor of turf slang— that the weighing-room was bombarded with inquiries as to whether it was not a false start. Since then Pretty Polly has won four- teen other races in England, worth 3T,492, and never once has she even been extended. So ridiculously easy have been, all her vic- tories, that no one knows how good she is. Unfortunately she was not entered in the Derby, the Two Thousand Guineas, or the "Ten Thousand Pounders," all of which would have been at her mercy, and enabled

her to establish equine recoicis. The One ' Thousand Guineas, the Oaks, and the St. Leger give her a sort of :aminine "triple crown,' but her non-entry in other races has naturally been a disappointment. So Major Eustace Loder decided to send her over to France to take the measure of the French form in the Prix du Conseil Municipal, and she was sent from Newmarket last Thursday insured for i 40,000. The weather delayed the crossing till Friday, but she took it with her usual placidity and good temper, and arrived at Longchamps well and on her feed. Her form, however, in the race was most dis- appointing, for she was beaten by a horse that cannot have any pretensions to classic quality. Indeed, the winner—a bay colt by Reuil, named Presto ll.—ran in a selling race last year, and was sold for 120. Her defeat was a great blow to the many' British sportsmen who had travelled to Paris spf daily for the race.

.... ::sl4. . , e . --- . , 5 • 1..': ' 4.°C: '*e,, : (,4ic:eil • ' V,; ot) '....5...."-s----'-'-"•-....,-.---...-..."

===== 0002601_19041015_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
PASTOR AND THE WORKING MAIL

The attack made upon the British work- man by the Rev. R. J. Campbell, pastor of the City Temple, High Holborn, led to an extraordinary scene on Sunday morning last outside the above named place of worship. Before the service concluded several hundreds of men gathered

on Holborn Via- duct outside the

building. When

the con grega-

tion had left and

the big doors of the build-

in g were closed the crowd rushed

down the steps

into Farringdo-n Street, and thence to Plum

Tree Court,

where the rear entrance to the

City Temple is

situated. A one

horse brougham guarded by six policemen,

J. CAMPSELT

stood at the docr, and, so soon as Mr. Campoell —who was accompanied by two friends— appeared and stepped into the vehicle, a roar of hooting and booing burst from the crowd. Mr. Campbell's article, it may be mentioned, appears in the "National Review" for the current month and it deals with Sunday observance, and it is only incidentally that he makes the indictment regarding " a con- siderable part of our working class population." which has aroused so much indignation. One part of the article is worthy of quotation, and is as follows "So far from being the day of rest, Sunday is becoming the most boisterous day of the week ; it is the day when .the rich man gives his choicest parties, and the day when the poor man gets drunk in the company of his boon companions. It is the day of social intercourse, from golfing engagements to prayer-book parade. In fact, it is the day of amusement par excellence, and that it is not more so is due less to public sentiment than to the existing state of the law." The protest against the reverend gentleman's remarks are So strong that a demonstration is threatened in Hyde Park or at the City Temple, whilst on the other hand Mr. Campbell has *ought it fit to make a special reference to the subject at a midday service held in mid-week. With much warmth he suggested that the remarks he had made had been misrepresented in the Press, but he declared that he would neither modify nor withdraw any part of the article c cm- plained of.

fi \ -N 7S IW' ) ... • .........ge , • _..--> ,% REV. R.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH REFORM MOVEMENT.

The-principal political subject of the moment is Lord Dunraven's scheme of "Devolution," as an alternative to Home Rule; on every side it is attracting criticism, favourable and hostile. At the recent meeting of the Irish Reform Asso- ciation in Dublin, a report of some recommen- datons were put forward for the consideration of the government and the public. • The main proposition was the formation of a new body, consisting of the Irish representative Peers, the Irish Members of Parliament and the Members of the Financial Council, which should act as a kind of National Council for Ireland, to meet in Dublin and transact certain purely Irish affairs. The body was not to be -called a

separate Legislature, though it was to have certain legislative functions, after the fashion of Grand Committees, the Board of Agriculture and Technical Instruction and the Boards whicla

proceeded by provisional orders. It did n. further define the business to be delegated or the extent and limits of such delegation, con- sidering them matters with which Parliament itself must deal. The object of such a Council, it is claimed, is not to encroach or touch in the sliglAtest degree upon the supremacy of Parlia- ment—merely to accomplish a certain adminis- trative and legislative Devolution. Mr. George Wyndham, in his capacity as Chief Secretary for Ireland, replied at once disowning the proposition officially, and offering criticisms to which Lord Dunraven has in his turn replied. Lord DunraVen looks upon this scheme of devolu- tion as a meeting point for the moderate men of all parties, both Unionists and National- ists, and asks for tolerant consideration of the practical value of the proposal. This, it is certain, will willingly be accorded on all sides to such a practical effort to solve a thorny political problem.

A: , ••,,,,:e).--,-,140‘ 4.... - , ~. \. • • \.•• el AV.% -....., t .rx \ • ' 1 .. ‘l#74' • ',-: .. , .. , , e ' r , . ii i ' 7 1 LORD DUNRAVEN.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW LAWN TENNIS CHAMPION.

• Last week, Queen's Club, London's famous athletic ground, was the scene of the Covered Court Lawn Tennis Championship, which Droved to be very interesting. In the final the holder. A. W. Gore, was defeated by the French champion, Max Decugis, by three sets to two. The

winner played very steadily in the first set and

won. it by six games to two:

but in the

s•cond and third sets he

distincty went to pieces and

allowed the

holder to win

easily, making blunder after blunder. Then

suddenly M. Decugis seemed

too wake up, smashing an d volleying with MR. M. J. G. RITCHIE, great brilliancy CONQUEROR OF DOHERTY. a n d generally outplaying his

opponent: and, winning the last two sets, he landed the championship for France. However, the sensation ot the tournament did not lie in the final, but in the defeat of H. L. Doherty, the Open Champion of all England, who was beaten for the first time for several years: He had kept his record unspoilt ever since be first won the Open Championship, until it had become the ambition of all tennis- playerF to "beat Doherty and die." Now at last it has fallen to the lot of M. J. G. Ritchie to accomplish the proud feat, though he himself was subsequently knocked out of the tournament. Needless td say, the match was a fine one and eagerly followed by the spectators, who expected an exciting game as Ritchie showed last April in the champion- ship that he was capable of extending Doherty, who only won on that occasen by a supreme effort. On this occasion Ritchie showed him- self determined to force the pace and the score, taking the net and driving his rival to the back line time after time. These ag- gressive tactics won him the first two sets; and the third seemed within his grasp, when Doherty made a . brilliant effort and just got home. Then the champion won the next set in his old style, only losing one game. The final was hotly fought to "four all," Doherty appearing the. more fagged of the two—and then Ritchie made a last effort and won the last two games. It was the crowning moment of his tennis career.

15440.\-: y

===== 0002601_19041015_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION.

NORTHERN LEAGUE.

First Division.

This ever-popular fixture was brought off at Warring- ton on Saturday, before 5,000 people and in beautiful weathsr. Runcorn were handicapped by the absence of their regular wings, but found good substitutes in Harrison and Hough. Warrington tried Short on the right in place of Harris. Mr. W. M'Cutcheon of Oldham was referee, and the teams lined up as follows : Warrington—Hallam, back; Fish, Isherwood, Dicken- son, and Short, three-quarter backs; Hockenhall and D. Davies, half backs; Thomas, Shugars, Cook, Jolley, Boardman, Belton, Preston, and Naylor, forwards. Runcorn—S. Houghton, goal; Harrison, Hesketh, Price and Hough, three-quarter backs; Butterworth and J. Richardson, half backs; Walker, Moulton, A. Richardson, Padbury, C. Houghton, Kennedy, Tomlin- sontand Dobson, forwards.. _

Play opened directly in favour of the home men, but by easy stages the visitors cleared out the" wirepullers" and Butterworth and Price were pulled up within a few yards of the line. Warrington tried the passing game and Fish was held up twice at the corner. Strong forward play by Walker and Padbury gave Hallam trouble, and from some wild passing by the home backs Harrison made an opening for Padbury to score. Im- mediately afterwards Warrington pushed to the other end. Belton when a certain scorer was obstructed and from a penalty kick Fish placed a goal, Runcorn lead- ing by three points to two at the interval. Turning round Warrington made strong play at the Runcorn end, but Houghton repeatedly cleared effec- tively. The "wirepullers " would not be denied, and the forwards rushed the scrummages, and Boardman completed an effort in which Preston was the prime mover. Runcorn next had a chance, only to see Richardson lose his head, when practically all opposition had been overcome. Result :—Warrington 1 goal 1 try (5 points), Runcorn 1 try (3 points).

===== 0002601_19041015_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES v. WIGAN.

At Widnes, before 3,000 spectators. Both teams weie at their strongest. Leytham scored for Wigan in the first half, and in the second period Fox and Collier scored tries, and Mason placed a goal. Hughes got over for Widnes, and Tilley placed a penalty goal. Result— Wigan, 1 goal, 3 tries (11 points) ; Widnes, 1 goal, 1 try (5 points).

===== 0002601_19041015_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
BATLEY v. ST. HELENS.

Played at Bradford, the Batley ground being under suspension. Play in the first half was uneventful. Thompson (St. Helens) scored an unimproved try. Half- time: St. Helens, 1 try (3 points) ; Batley, nil. On 'resuming, Batley scored by Davies (two) and Fitzgerald (2), goals being scored by Turton (three) and Oakland (one). Result—Batley, 4 goals 4 tries (20 points) ; St Helens, 2 goals 2 tries (10 points).

===== 0002601_19041015_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
WAKEFIELD TRINITY V. LEEDS.

At Wakefield. In the first half Leeds played with the wind, but the only tangible point they were able to score was a dropped goal by Moseley. In the second half, Wakefield attacked continually, but they lacked finish to their play. Time after time they looked like scorers, but the defence was sound. Result :—Leeds, goal (2 points) ; Wakefield, nil.

SALFORD v„ OLDHAM. Played at Weaste in fine Aather, before 8,000 people. Against the wind Salford attacked and Lomas kicked two penalty goals, while Preston scored a try. Cash also registered a try for Oldham. In the second half Salford again had slightly the best of matters, and Heath ran over. Lomas failing. Result—Salford, 2 goals 2 tries (10 points); Oldham, 1 try (3 points).

===== 0002601_19041015_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
LEIGH V. BRADFORD.

Played at Leigh, before a moderate attendance. Leigh faced a strong wind at the start. From a for- ward rush Webster scored,Johnson failing. Afterwards Mosby kicked a penalty goal for Bradford. In the second half Leigh pressed strongly, and Burgess dropped a goal. In the last minute Kelly scored near the posts. Bennett improving. Result—Leigh, 10 points; Brad- ford, 2 points. HULL KINGSTON ROVERS v. BROUGHTON

===== 0002601_19041015_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
RANGERS.

At Hull, before 6,000 spectators. Harry scored cleverly for the Rangers, and Starks placed a penalty goal for the Rovers, this being the whole of the scoring up to the interval. The Rovers lacked polish, and the only thing to be said in their favour was that they offered a strong defence. The Rangers were easily the better team, the Rovers'attempts to score being feeble. Result—Broughton, Itry (3 points) ; Rovers, 1 goal (2 points.)

===== 0002601_19041015_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
HALIFAX v. HULL.

There was a good attendance at Hanson-lane enclosure when Hull kicked off. Hull settled down to work quicker than the homesters, but could not score. Little was unsuccessful with a penalty kick for Halifax. After the interval Hull scored an unconverted try. Halifax attacked strongly towards the close. Result—Hull, 3 points; Halifax, 2 points.

HUNSLET v. SWINTON.

Played at Hunslet, before 7,000 spectators. Hunslet had much the better of the game in the first half. Walter Goldthorpe and Albert Goldthorpe kicked goals, and in the second half Jackson scored a try. Swinton tackled fmely,or the score against them would have been heavier Result—Hunslet, 7 points; Swinton, nil.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

RUNCORN "A" v. WARRINGTON "A.".

TheseT;;;Metai-Runc-orn—On-g;tlTra;i, the visitors being victorions. Warrington had the advantage of a stiff breeze in the first half, and applying the pressure Runcorn exhibited a sound defence in the early stages.

the Original Cocoa, and a Speciality,

===== 0002601_19041015_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
E PS'S

being distinguished from all others by its invigorating nutritious qualities and its delicious flavour. This Cocoa, con- taining as it does all the substance of the Cocoa Nib, maintains its leading position after threaquarters of a Century as

===== 0002601_19041015_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
COCOA

BEAUTY OF SKIN PURITY OF BLOOD

Ancient and Modern Ideas on These interesting Subjects.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
UP-TO-DATE METHODS

For Purifying and Beautifying the Skin, Scalp, Hair and Hands.

Socrates called beauty a short-lived tyranny, Plato a privilege of nature,. Theocxitus, a delightful prejudice, Theophrastus a silent cheat, Carneades a solitary kingdom, Homer a glorious gift of nature, Ovid a favor of the gods. Aristotle affirmed that beauty was better than all the letters of rec- ommendation in the world, and yet none of these distinguished authorities has left us even a hint of how beauty Is to be perpetuated, or the ravages of age and disease defied. Time soon blends the lily and the rose into the pallor of age, disease dots the fair face with cutaneous disfigurations and crimsons the Roman nose with unsight- ly flushes, moth, if not rust, corrupts the glory of eyes, teeth, and lips yet beautiful by defacing the complexion, and fills the sensitive soul with agony. If such be the unhappy condition of one afflicted with slight skin blemishes, what must be the feelings of those in whom torturing humours have for years run riot, covering the skin with scales and sores and charging the blood with poisonous elements to be- come a part of the system until death? It is in the treatment of torturing, disfiguring humours and affections of the skin, scalp and blood, with loss of hair, that the Cuticura remedies have achieved their greatest success. Orig- inal in composition, scientifically com- pounded, absolutely pure, unchange- able in any climate, always ready, and agreeable to the most delicate and sen- sitive, they present to young and old the most successful curatives of mod- ern times.

thing in the house worth taking hitcl disappearea, tore open the missive. It contained a few lines to the effect that Mr. Browne much regretted being thus compelled to relieve his benefactress of her valuables, but nceessity had no law. He had at first intended making her Mrs. Browne, and sharing her comto..,able little villa; but finding she was unable to touch any of her capital, he thought the plan would not answer, so had made other arrange- amts.

Mr. Dale immediately started ci to secure the release of Harry Mayne, and brought him back to Miss Sinclair's, weak from loss of blood, but strong with indignation at the treatment he had received. He had had an unexpected two days' holiday, and started otT\ immediately to visit his lady-love. Putting up at the Laxton Hotel, he had walked on to Miss Sinclair's, and finding the door ajar, and his ring unheeded—Sophy, busy cner the supper, had not heard it—walked into the hill. Barely was he inside when he was seized in a powerful grasp—Harry himself was far from being a muscular Christian—draggel into a room, and flung violently down. He remembered striking his head against the sharp angle of the sideboard, but knew nothing more until he awoke to conscious- ness at the police-station. The next time Miss Sinclair saw Mr. Browne was some weeks later, when she was called upon to give evidence concerning the robbery at her Louse. He had been arrested for a series of cleverly-executed burglaries, which he and his colleague—the woman who had summoned the vicar to his sick parishioner—had successfully accom- plished. This woman proved to be a former servant of Miss Sinclair's, whom she had dis- charged for dighonesty some months previously; and from her Mr. Browne had evidently learnt all the details which had enabled him to play his part so well. One thing alone appeared to be true of the many stories he used to confide to Miss Sinclair during their confidential chats together— he had really seen better days. She sighed pro- foundly when the sentence of penal servitude for five years was passed upon her former favourite. "Ah, Nora, to think of that exquisite voice being wasted in prison! Perhaps—who knows ?—if he Lad married me he might have been saved—have lived to make his name famous, and delighted the world with his musical genius ? " "But, aunt," cried Nora in dismay, "surely you would never have married him ? "

"Though poor, he was a gentleman, my dear; a gentleman of good family, who, like myself, had see better days.

- But, perhaps, aad not most of her valuables been by this time recovered, she would not have Apoken in such a mild and forgiving manner of a man who had taken such base advantage of a foolish. woman's credulity.

She never heara anything more of her "Interest- ing Tenor."

{THE END.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
OCTOBER CHILLS

Bring Many Ills : The Cure is Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

_ Would you be warm ? Look to your blood supply. Chills, Rheumatism, and Sciatica, come from poor or bad blood. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People prevent as well as cure them: for these pills make new blood.

Mr. William Wright, a stonemason, 24, Murano street, Firhill road, Glasgow, said : "I contracted a chill, and a pain started in my left ankle, and lumped to my hip. I was obliged to give up work, and take to ) my bed. In spite of , good nursing, two doctors, poulticing, fomentation and med- icine, I felt as bad after eight weeks as Jj when I was first laid up. Such was my agony that .1 scarcely I IA;I slept. I "J read in the newspapers of a miner who had been cured of acute Sciatica, or Rheumatism in the leg by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale

-

•

Mr. illiarn. Wright, a Stone- People. A box was mason, was cared of Sciatica, by therefore got for me. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. Before I had got through it my spirits were better, and the pain was leaving my hip and leg. After a second box,the Sciatica was entirely cured. The pills gave me rich blood, for, chancing to cut my finger, the blood that came from it was rich and red, whereas when I was ill my blood was poor and thin. The pills gave me a good colour. They sent me back to work in three weeks."

Mrs. Wright. added :—" Till my husband had Dr. Williams' Pink Pills he could not bear his left leg to be touched, even lightly. I noticed an improvement from the time he started taking them. I, too, have found them a sure cure for the blinding headaches, from which I often suffered."

In Chill October, we need new blood, not only to stave off Rheumatism and Sciatica, but also to cure the many diseases resulting from poor blood. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People (genuine pills bear the full seven-word title) cure Paralysis. Locomotor Ataxy, Kidney Disease, Scrofula, Rickets, Consumption, Anemia, Loss of Appetite, Palpitations, Neuralgia, Ladies' Weaknesses, and Hysteria. These pills are not a purgative. They are sold at all medicine shops, and by Dr. Williams' Medicine Al., at 2s. 9d. per box, or six i boxes for 13s. 9d.

~.„---7---- „---,--- - it;! ~:,, ',----..4•,--- 2 , - ,fi,, lir.. ~...,77) . '.I . - 1 \ IL \ • 11.6''.-111 . \ .':' , \ . -." 740 ' • j i. \ ..k .4, . ',.. :::.• ...-- jr: . 44,0* 4. ' . • W.": - • "":14'7: , ~.., '- ii

F,ll/ L---.-- .t-...._.,_—. 7flo

Jr. Tr-

.-k:.,-`.--;-'-i

===== 0002601_19041015_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• • ,

===== 0002601_19041015_art0061.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19041015_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
Cbt "Crammer *erns

r W ARRINGTON AND MID-CHREIHIER RICAMTNECII." published every Saturds— moraine. vr 4.l4.ru.tcir3si AND NlKwrcot r NIIICs.q/NRR, _ publishei 0c79C7 Frii4v afternoon. riaE "ST. RECLRNS t•IICASLINRIL,' published every 4._ Friday Afternoou. ir " Rcrmcoatq ESM(nncu,"l.published every Friday afternoon. THE '6 NIDNREI EXAMII RR," published every Friday afternoon. R h;f:' I 1) APA.RnfENTES WANTED APA.RTMENTEI TO LET ARTICLES Goer ARTICLES Fat/ND

k. CI V F. frr ENT Hous ES WANTED HOUSES TO is?: SOLD MISCELLANE $1 ANTS MISCELLANEOUS SALES

Moinestir Rotrbants, etr.

WANTBD, good GSNRRA L.—Apply Mrs. ',Mama, Stanley Mount, New Mills.

s33ALL FAMILY 11/IQUltilt GENBILAL,or usetu k 7 Apply SPRING BANK. (near station). !Ham.

WANTRD a RBSeRCTABLIs GIRL, good character.— Arply Mrs. MASSEY, lYarket,Warrington.

tVANTRD GRlcll3llA.i.,girgf,om 16 to 18,two in I family. T Y Mre. MJRRIS, Hill Crest. Whitfield, Glossop,nr M'elfter.

WANTRD a good SW/WANT from 16 to lq years old.— Apply Mrs. GUEST, 167, Firs Lane, Leigh, Lancashire

AVANTED Experienced GENERAL Good Wages.—Apply Mrs. ARMBTRoNG, Browsidn, Greetby Hill, Ormskirk.

wANTIM, COOK-GliNtaikt ; four in family ; house- maid kept.—TRELEVEN. Wellington rd.,New Brighton.

W ANTED, good GENERAL; emAll family; state age, TT wages, tc--NowritcoTE, Charlotte at., Cheadle. _ -

Cheshire.

N,vARTRD. strong, respeeteNe GIRL for milkbouse ; age 16 to 20.—Apply 7, TINTEIIN ST. Westminster rd.,

Liverpool.

WANTRO. SBRVANT for farm work; able to milk pre ferred.—A. SMITH, Ravenewing Farm, Mellor, near Blackburn.

WVANTED, a respectable GIRL, about 15 or 16. for farmbouse.—Mre. ARDEN. Moss Farm. Swinton, near Manchester.

ES. PERON, 11, DURHAM RD.. Seaforth. requires Cooks 131_ Generals, Housemaids, Nurses at once. No fees until suited.

IVILLARD REGISTRY :342. New Chester Road. Rock Ferry, Cheshire. General with good references re- quired at once.

WANTED, immfdlately, respectable GIRL, about 37 as GHNER&L SERVANT; sleep In.—Full particu ars to 7, CLIFF ST. PreLton.

yiIANTRD, respectable trustworthy GIRL, for house- work. 15 to 16.--4. pp ly, Mr. 11.si.ssiz, Holly Farm, Blowlck, Southport,.

-.--- -- — WANTED, good COOK-GENERAL ; no washing; good wages to competent person.—OuNuFFE, Confectioner Farnworth. Bolton.

WANTBD, GIRL (about 20) as General Servant: able to wash ; from country preferred.—Apply 10, Ctnizorr STREET, Burnley.

WANTED young GHNERAL SIIRWIT, 16 to 18; no washing ; no children; references.-11, BRowNavILLE , RD., Heaton Chapel, Stockport.

WANTED. SITUATION as PLAIN COOK or Working Housekeeper to single g.ntle-nan.—S. D., 1, Beech- terrace, Stamford Park rd., Altrincham.

GICNBRAL W ANTBD, plain cook; trustworthy; age 24 to 3U; references ; family of two ;total abstainer.—Mrs' WiLxistsoN, 31, Deardengate, Haslingden,

A LL CLASSES OP SKIWAN CS ready from countr y town.publ(c and private.—Call or write Ntlisa KtRR lON only office). 6.oldhalfl greet, Aanchester. Established 1862

Ay RS. READ Requires superior SERVANTS, every 1,1 capacity; Rood, reliable places, town and country, }WM). 24 years.—SELEar REGISTRY. Rusbolme, Manchester.

("I F.S. RFOISTIIY.—WANTBD, Domestic Servants, Vr. especially Cook-Generals, and Housemaids ; good references essentlal.—Apply. LADY SUPERINTENDENT. 13, Starkie it.. Plpton.

'WOKS WANTBD £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitress £lB k..) to £22. Generals £lB to £2O. Girls CH, excellent places. No connection with any other office. —Write to HARRISON'S 8, Oldham street, Manchester.

WANTBD, strong GIRL, over 20, with wrod character, to do general work, where another is kept ; wages £l7 —Apply to ST. JAMES'S RECTORY, Great Cheetham at. Bast, Higher Broughton, Manchester.

ALL CLASSES OF SITUATIONS, private and publics good homes, excellent wages ; places in town,country. and seaside.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGlsTiav, 6 Oldham street, Manohester.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
V3antrO.

DUTCH/Mi.—G. T. MURRAY buys meAt cloths; good JO price given.--113, Green lane, Liverpool, E.

WA N T E D . large English APPLES. any quantity (cheap) —Mrs. HALL, 1, New Cross Street, Prescot.

rIOLLECTOR wants Old Ohina.—figures, vases; coloured engravings.—MAcGuEaoß, 8, I yndburst:Grdne, Baling.

T DIBS WANTED for Netting, Crochet. Hairpin. a _Li bom e ;speci men . —lOl CHESTNUT GROVE,Belham,London

A GENTS WANTED Immediately; ss. per week and over Pt easily earned in spare time.—NUTTALL, 20, CAstle Hill, Sheffield.

BSTLit'S MILK LABELS WANTED. 3d. per dozen .1.1 given. Cash by return.—G. HEYS, 14. Coleridge at.. Blackburn.

PAYING AGENCY. both sexes, salary and commission ; particulars two stamps.—MARKET. 12. Belv sclera Avenue Leeds.

Air ILK DAIRIES WANTED, must be well-cooled; any in quantity no object.— HICKSON, Mary street, Batsall Heath. Birmingham.

WARTED, WORKMAN. r, net be a good cutter of hay; cottage on ffirm.—Apply to RICHARD RAINFORD, Altcar, near Liverpool.

(11 ARDENBR seeks hITUATIOR as MUD WORKING: kJ married : two children ; age 32,—RuesELL, West Street. Gargrive, Yorkshire.

A ONNTS war ted ; Kyl-Kol. 64, Packet saved ton ot .t 1 coal. One agent's profit, r;ne week, £lO 10s. You can do thle.-0., 15 Weekly, Moult, Doncaster.

PRIVATB XMAS CARDS.—Agents Wanted, either sex; splendid selection; highest commission.—The NORTHERN CARo PUBLISHING CO., Moss Side, Manchester.

Tl. —Send 108. TO £2 W stamped addressed earn for S ppaar ret c amr se Firr.DlNo, 236, Bamford rd., Heywood. Lancashire.

A GBNTS WANTBD. for sale of British Widows Pension -CA- Tea; exceptionally liberal terms; benefit in 26 weeks.— For particulars apply 26, CATHEDRAL Si'.. alanchester.

LiWEBKLY.—Earn this by Addressing Bnvelopes, &c. at bome.—Send addressed envelope for particular NORTF (Dept. 52) ST. Joirs's, Rim road. Mortlake. London

POSTAGIC STAMPS'—Wanted to Purchase Tinglish Otfilia Stamps and OW Collections. Rnglish and Foreign,good price given; no dealers.—Com.EcTou, 58, Granville Park' Lewisham, London.

WANTED SITUATION as GARDENER (Head-Working or Siugle-Inanded) ; age 39 ; life experience in good establiihments ; good references. Apply MATTHEWS, Lixwm. Holywell.

QITUATION WANTED asOOAMINLA.N,drive Jingle or pair k) 6 years reference, married, no family age 25 leaving through giving up keeping.—A. J,,assoN, Brookfield, Wood Road, Whalley Range Manch,ster.

WAIsiTSD SITUATION as COACHMAN. where one or more are kept ; experienced hunters or harness country Preferred ; married ; age 33 ; one child. SCOTT, Br3,nfrynnon, Nanneroh, torth Wales.

f)CHAN LINERS —Persons desirous of Becoming Steam- ship Stewards, Stewardesses, Cooks, Bakers, Butchers rantrymen, Stokers, Trimmers, .tc., forward addressed enve- lope for Informatton.—W. BREAHELL, Birkdale, Southport.

CLERKS. betterlyour positions. Qualify as Foreign Cor- respondents, Ate., by our unique method of Piistal Tuition. We place efficient students In lucrative positions, —Write JoHNsToNE, Foitanat & Co.. Public Translators and Interpreters, 203, Chapel st., Salford, Manchester.

WANTED MEN, Young and Old, to write for our book, "How to become an Electrical Engineer 9" sent post free. It tells how thousands gain better positions and salaries studying Electrical or Mechanical Engineering at Home by post; en iorsed by Thomas A. Edison and British Electricians.—Address ELECTRICAL ENGINEER INSTITUTE OF CORRESPONDENCE INSTRUCTIoN, 413, Temtle Chambers, Temple Avenue, London, B.C.

FURNITURE, PIANOS, STOCKS, &c., BOUGHT FuR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT, OR ADVANOIS MADE. HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN. NO CHARGE FOR IN HARTL:.Y AND CO., 12, MOSS-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

J OHN WALKS C 0: BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULERS, &C.,

ACCOUNT BOOKS, Szc. MADE TO ORDER

SPECIAL facilities for PRINTING all kinds of EDUCATIONAL WORKS.

fatstellanous, nßoate,

ILD CLOVIS CAttnATIONS. vigorous stuff. 3s. per dozen; kJ carriage free.--,TRUDWICK, Merrow, Guildford.

111111PES (2,ooUft. of 4in. cot iron flinged) for SALB.— SAMUEL STRINGER, Metal Merchant, Accrington.

RBLIA.FILB RUBBUR HBBL PADS.—Soft tread, five stamps. post free.—MATHIAS, Boot Factor, f2ardlgan.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
J. J. THOOLEN. THB BXPORT NURSBRIRS,

HIRENISITIS-11,-HAAHLE3I. HOLLAND. Has the honour to announce that be offers Hyacinths. first size, named, in several sorts, 14s. 4d. ; Hyecinths.mixed 71. 4d.; Crocus, mixed, first size is. ; Crocus, second size, 73. ; Tulips at.; Snowdrops, elwess, is. 6d,; Anemones, mixed, le. 2d. ; Anemones, white is 2d.; Spanish Iris, Bd.; Siberica 25.; nudes, single, mixed. Is. 41, ; !Trumpets. mixed, 2s. Bd. ; Ixlas. 6d.; Sparaxis, 7d. ; Ranunculus le. ; all per 100 ; 25 at price per 100 rate. Orders of above 101, free to destination. Ask for illustrated price Ist. Oath with order. Established 1884.

SEVBRAL pairs gold eyeglasses, tiff •re v., at znt.s, ss. 6 i not quarter cost.-6. ULIFTON ST., Brighton.

A LL seeklag employment should write Immediately to C. 1.11 HOECKER, 5, Lloyd's Avenue. London,

THE Prince of Hair Restorers, is. 94.. 35., Bs., post free.— _1 G. A. PRINCE. Hair Specialist, Dickson rd., Blackpool

GENTLEMAff, Blind 5 years, now sees to read anything Part!oulars free.—LEGGErr, Elm, Wisbech.

rro LET 17, FOLLY LANE,—Apply WOODS & SON, _1 Solicitors, Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

JOHN WALKER OSZ Co EXAMINER OFFICE,

WARRINGTON!

alts hp lunion.

BANGOR. Wale.—Apartments; Board optional ; cyclists accommodatiou.—Mrs Bvaise,i299lHigh it.

VASTBOURgE.— Apartment and tiolidAy (+aide to a applicants writing 28e Junction vs_ enclosing stamp

30ottlo, pporos, boartftno COtabo.

TZILLAHNHY.—HOTHL METROPOLE. High crass J. Temperance. Magnificent scenery. Terms moderate.

liftetor tar, epetrO, rte.

Q 0013 sound BICYOLB for Sale. Iteversible for Lady or Gent, £4.—A. HOUGHTON, 3. Bridge Street,Barlestown.

DIGS.—TBN STRONG STORRS for Sale,—Apply, WoßeiloP, Royal Dairy Farm, Northenden.

BUSINBSS TRAP (good), must cell; cheap.—Jonx HALLows, Henry at., Church, ur Accrington.

CIOLDFISH, Twelve (alive) sent any distance for is.— GAY'S ROYAL FiagEßlEs,Waterloo Bridge rd,London,S.B

(AN SALE, First Class BROUGHAM and PHABTON.— kJ Apply CHARLES LANCASTER, Springfield Lodge, Upper Choi*lton road, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER & CO. EXAMINER OFFICE,

PLACARDS, EXTRA LARGE SIZE OUR speciality. A DDRESSES. Pamphlets, Secretaries Report .t 1 &c., printed in any size and quantity. R ULES PRINTED and BOUND for Oddfellocv Foresters, Druids, Shepherds' Sick, Burials an Trade Societies. SICK, RECEIPT. and SUBSCRIPTION BOOKS Printed, Bound,tNurnbered and Perforated to order. TRADE PRINTING of every description.

JOHN WALKHR Et Co., EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

The Unionist cause UNIONIST does not seem to be EMBARRASSMENTS. multi refreshed by the victory of Mr. HARRY IVIARKS. Says the "Tines ": "The return of Mr. HARRY MARKS as member for Thanet will be regarded by thelnation in the same way as they regarded the return of Dr. KENEALY for Stoke, on no better ground than his advocacy of the cause of the Tichborne claimant." The only objection we can make to this illustration is that it casts an unmerited slur on the memory of Dr. KENEALY, who had the mis- fortune to be out of his mind. Mr. MARKS, on the other hand, is as sane as ARTHUR ORTON always was. But the " Times' rightly adds that the election for Thanet "leaves the reputation of the new member exactly where it stood, and it , may, we fear, do something to weaken the cause which he represents.' Mr. BALFOUR'S part in this unfortunate business scarcely redounds to his credit. "'We believe," says the "Times," "that the PRIME MINISTER would have been advised, and have served his party better, had he openly spoken I out in condemnation ofj the choice made by the local organisations of Thanet. He would, no doubt, have caused much tem- porary irritation amongst them; but he would have satisfied the feeling of the better part of his party throughout the country." Mr. MARKS has explained the hostility, of the " Times " as inspired by malignant jealously of his exceeding virtue. This comfortable theory can scarcely be applied to the "Standard "too. "In the interests of the purity of public life," says that journal, " we hope that Mr. MARKS, before he is allowed to take any active part in the work of Parliament, will be afforded an opportunity by the House of Commons to clear his character of the grave aspersions cast upon it by a Judge of the Supreme Court. That is all we have to say upon the Thanet election." The "Daily Telegraph" is discreetly dumb; and the "Morning Post" re- marks that a good many Unionists are" far from pleased with the result," although it adds the singular reflection that the Thanet electors have put the stamp of popular approval upon Mr. BALFOUR'S scheme for an Imperial Conference. Mr. ASQUITH'S opposition to that device moves the " Standard " to sorrow. Is it possible that the Liberal leaders can be so ill-advised as to hinder an attempt to achieve Imperial unity ? Will Mr. ASQUITH and his colleagues take the line we have repeatedly enforced, that a conference engineered in deference to Mr. CHAMBERLAIN, and by his inspiration, oan do no more good to Imperial unity than Mr. BALFOUR'S policy of Retalia- tion can do to the cause of Free Trade? The " Standard " sees clearly enough that the whole basis of any Conference must be, from the Colonial point of view, the policy of Preference. All the Australian statesmen especially Mr. WAVON, have made this clear. At the same time, Mr. WATSON admits that " the decision with respect to Preferential trade rests primarily with the people of Great Britain. We neither suggest nor desire," he adds, "that they should take any steps in that direction involving any sacrifice of their own material interests." This disposes of MT. CHAMBERLAIN'S lugubrious predictions of a dissolution of the Empire if we offend the Colonies by rejecting his nostrums. They have not the smallest inclination to be offended. They recognise our primary right to study our own material interests; and when the electors of the United Kingdom declare these to be incompatible with the poli ..:37 of preferential trade the Colomie3 will acquiesce in this decision. After that, what useful object will be served by calling a Conference? The " Standard " admits that these are" grave difficulties," and is not "con- fident that they will be ultimately overcome " ; butithinks that all the same we ought to go into a Conference in order to fini " whether any solution is possible of this great Imperial problem." When the British:electors have definitely rejected Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S Fiscal solution of the problem, there will be nothing left that can be profitably talked about.

Though the fiasco of last week deprived the Bewsey electors of an election contest which they looked forward to with relish, the turn of events has resulted in an election this week which can only be described as remarkable. Mr. Dodds was unable to withdraw his nomination in time, and consequently the polling booths had to be opened in order that votes might be recorded for Mr. T. Wright, and Mr. Dodds himself, if the electors chose to ignore the latter's published declaration not to stand. For nearly four hours yesterday the two booths in Bewsey Ward were open, and then as business was very slack the shutters were put no, Vie boxes sealed, and con- veyed to the Town Hall. There was no count un- til after 8 o'clock, which seems a peculiar piece of etiquette seeing that the poll was so summarily closed. But tist after eight the seals were broken and the contents of the boxes disclosed. They were almost like Mother Hubbard's cupboard, but not quite,and three voting papers were found. It was as exciting as if tha number had been 3,000 and amid breathless suspense there was a careful count and Mr. T. Wright was found to be returned by two votes to one, the Labour Party thus gain- ing" a glorious victory." 'Tis not given to many men to secure a two to one majority so easily and we congratulate Councillor Wright on this signal and singular proof of the confidence of his con- stitutents.ll,-lad pi,zl,l3;;;3,:gtakill OEM OE • e e..

During the week there has been a curious development of the Warrington Bridge question. Though the tender for the alterations has already been let, Messrs. James Fairclough and Sons are still striving to protect their own interests from what they consider serious menace. It is rio secret that the firm has opposed the widening scheme from the very iirst,and Alderman James Fairclough has on more than one occasion championed his firm's cause in the Town Council —a course of action which hardly redounds to his credit,seeina that he was returned to the Council to represent the ratepayers. But the Council has been undeterred by threats of an injunction, and Messrs. Fairclough have shifted their ground somewhat. A letter to the Town Clerk written by them on Octcber 10th encloses an offer of £l,OOO towards the extra cost of a suggested alteration to the structure, which would facilitate their carry- ing trade. It is rather late in the day for pro- posals of this kind, and fortunately the corporate mind does not need to trouble itself with the scheme, for Mr. J. J. Webster, the engineer, has already condemned it as impracticable. Alderman Smethurst and other ardent advocates of the widening by cantilevers may therefore go on their way rejoicing.

The Warrington Trades and Labour Council is capable of performing an important and valuable part in the government of an industrial community like Warrington, and as its activity increases so should its usefulness be extended. Much more has been heard of the Council since Councillor Stott undertook the secretarial duties than at any time during its 29 years of existence, and there are now one or two achievements upon which the members can congratulate themselves. In his annual report presented this week Councillor Stott clearly indicates the wide area for legitimate action which is available to the Council. It appears to us that the time is opportune—though we can hardly expect Councillor Stott to take the opportunity—for pointing out to the Trades Council the necessity for keeping a single eye to the interests of labour pure and simple. There has been rather too much ultra-Socialistic and advanced I.L,P propaganda apparent at the more recent meetings of the Coun- cil to the exclusion of considerations which affect more directly the interests of the democracy. Why should not the Trades aLd Labour Council be broader in its constitution than at present ? It seems to us that a body with such a title ought to be capable of finding room for or co-operating with all societies which aim directly at improving the social order and uplifting the wasses, instead of being the servant almost entirely of the Trade Unions, the Independent Labour Party, and the Socialists. Only on such a basis as the one we have indicated can there be any hope of organising the forces of Labour wisely and effectively. Of course the Trades Council is not entirely oblivious of the needs of the worker whether he be a party man, a trade unionist, or a mere unattached toiler, and we are glad to note that the Council thoughtfully suggests a joint con- ference of representatives from the Town Council, the Guardians, the Chamber of Commerce, and its own members in order to consider the vast pro- blem of the unemployed. A hard winter indus- trially is prophesied, and we hope some such joint action of responsible authorities will be practicable in Warrington.

We have not been in entire accord with all that the Rev. H. Dunnico has written in thE columns of the " Examiner " anent the Labour Party, but we do think he has had the better of the argument with regard to the L.R.C. He has proved incon- testibly that the L.R.C. constitution is against the best interests of Labour and, as we have ourselves contended for some time, it is also impracticable. The L.R.C. is ploughing the sands when it attempts to tie progressive men to a policy which ostensibly aims at the furthering of Labour interests and at the same time compels aloofness from all other movements of a utilitarian character which may be sponsored by other political organisations. Then there is the proven charge of inconsistency against the L.R.C. in regard to men who are prominent mem- bers and who have seen the wisdom of co-operating with Liberalism against class interests and retro- gressive forces. A body such as the L.R.C. should be either independent of party altogether—and by party we include the I.L.P. and Socialists —or it should be satisfied with the half-loaf where nothing better offers. That it needs to be free from narrow prejudices is emphasized by a ref 3rence to a manifesto of Mr. Kier Hardie's which Mr. Dunnico quotes this week. The firebrand of the I.L.P. herein boldly plots the destruction of the Liberal party, and con- cludes a sinister proclamation with the remarkable words : "This of course requires .considerabie sacrifice of principle, but the Socialist troubled with scruples of conscience is not worth his salt." Are these the methods by which the sacred cause of Labour is to be advanced? Labour repres.mta- tion is a laudable aim but it will never be attained by unsavoury intrigue and foolish restrictions on the freedom of action of the

Our good friend "The Dawn" this month deliberately shatters all existing political idols and plumps for the Conservative Labour Party, that hybrid production which has lately been endeavour- ing to foist itself upon a democracy already sick unto death of the multiplicity of parties all 21amour- ing for the support of the great British public. In summary fashion "The Dawn" disposes of all other political organizations. rue Labour party "are altogether too one-eyed,' " the Liberals are hop3lesB ' "the Socialists are quite impossible un6il they have discovered the existence of the British Empire," and "the Conservatives "—yes the Conservatives—" are a set of fossils with exaggerated notions of the rights of property, the use of Bishops and the majesty of the Bung." "Save us from our friends ! ' we can imagine the Tories of Warrington saying to themselvas, and at the same time looking somewhat askance at the new off-shoot of Conservatism which is to do everything worth doing in much less than no time. "if it will but:llive up to its name," says "The Dawn "hopefully of its new protigee ! Well if it does there will soon be another sad wreck on the political Goodwins. What breadth of aspiration can there be under the title of "The Conservative Labour Party "? The very name is a ridiculous and blunt contradiction of itself, and if "the Dawn" did not habitually lookc at things through blue-tinted glasses we should marvel more at the hysterical adulation of a party born uuder such incongruous auspices.

I "To educate, to agitate, and to operate" is the three-fold object of the Social Service League which was duly inaugurated in Warrington on Wednesday i evening. When It s added that the principle for which the league stands is the re-adjustment of the present social order, it will be seen at once that the league has set itself a task from which many a stronger organisation would willingly shrink. But there are many brave spirits connected with the newly-formed organisation who think they can do much in the direction indicated, and it would be both unwise and ungenerous to discourage their efforts. There are many local questions—not to speak of national questions—on which a healthy public opinion needs creating, and if the Social Service League succeeds in doing something in this direction it will have justified its existence. Warrington has never been in the forefront, either in the discussion or solution of social questions, but recently there has been an awakening of interest, and the Social Service League intends to keep it alive, and if possible, translate it into action.

A correspondent calls attention in another column to the practice of poor children in picking up and eating scraps of rotten food which the eall- holders in the Market Place throw away as being unfit for sale. It is a sad commentary upon the age in which we live that there are children so hungry and underfed that they will devour rotten fruit and other garbage in order to appease their appetites. Such rubbish does them infinite harm and the suggestion of our corraspondent that the refuse should be carefully collected in bins and kept under lock and key until removed to the

destructors, deserves the consideration of the Markets Committee. Our Medical Officer of Health is doing his utmost to make Warrington a healthy tAvn but such a practice as that alluded to, If carried on to any great extent, must militate against his efforts. Hardly anything can be more calcialated to lead to dysentery and other diseases than the consumption of rotten fruit, and other edibles in a decayed condition. Tie health of these poor mites is often undermined in their early years by the lack of wholesome food an they fail easy victims to disease. We feel sure that the matter needs only mentioning to ensure effective preventive measures being taken by the authorities.

Reckless motorists would do well to give the Warrington district a wide berth. The magistrates seem determined to protect the public fray% drivers who would indulge in the doubtful luxuri of tearing along regardless of the danger to othe.r users of the high road, A flagrant case was dealt with at the Borough Police Court on Monday, for there was evidence that an old luau's life was Inv perilled through a Liverpool chauffeur's reckless- ness. Preparing to board an electric car he w3s dashed into ay a motor going at an excessive rat, and hurled into the airais injuries were seriolls/1° fact the wonder is that the ssquel was not grava' The penalty of 10 and costs imp )sed on the chauffeur did not err on the side of severity bY any means. Another motorist who .vas stated t° have disturbed the peace of Grappenhall driving at the rate of thirty miles an hour 114." also to pay dearly for his disregard of the public safety. It is such cases as these which are apt t° create a general distrust of motorists, and we floPe the magisterial warnings will not go unheeded.

WilC-Flowers at the Museum. The following living wild plant A-re exhibited flower except where otherwise stated on the staircase at the museum :—Meadow buttercup, mustard, shepherd's purse, red campion, spurrey, furze, common meliot, hare's I°o clover, red clover, hop clover, water avel3s' carrot, guelder rose, hemp agrimony, comul°ll goldenrod, common daisy, cudweed, varr°l', tansy, groundsel, ragwort, liurdock, hare-bell, marst andromeda, privet, borage, ivy-leaved toadflax, figNor2, foxglove, red dead nettle, white dead nettle, oou sage, large flowered hempnettle, greater plantain* rhubarb, climbing polygonum, common persiceria, caper spurge, hop, alder, bulrush, rye-grass, Quaner grass, galls, marble galls on oak, horse bean galls '— willow,

===== 0002601_19041015_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
itiatbmerv, etc.

a at , Re iv• dereu

atell orrOVI rhere

tuiTs en in r Pro-

• p ool- who Police ,aving

101 3Shire Ls the ; the Ird of U the )th tO

Johi iratoi Fort, ed 1114- sent. )cktorl pf the ;how,-

Tll° liart3s. :artha tobet Solo Ga 10?

_ Aver° or tatioa

===== 0002601_19041015_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Cairo-street Sunday School Literary and Debating Society.

A meeting of this society was held on Tuesday evening, the Rev. C. Harvey Cook occupying the chair. At the outset, half-a-dozen unsigned letters on subjects chosen by the writers were handed to the chairman by certain members, who had previously undertaken to adopt this mode of expressing their views, and, as each letter was read aloud, its contents were discussed. One ,writer attempted to explain the reason why so many working-men did not attend places of worship. Another questioned the propriety of applying the name of Liberal to a man who sup- ported only his own party. Two of the letters dealt with the charges recently made by the Rev. R. J. Campbell against British working-men, and these led to highly interesting discussions, in the course of which the reverend gentleman's remarks were strongly criticised. The other two subjects dealt with were capital punishment and the Chinese Labour Question.

ASK for CUNNINGHIM'S Tir6ll-Cuss SINER.A. WATERS.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
New Elementary Schools far Cheshire.

The Finance Sub-Committee of the Cheshire County Council has had before them the estimates for elementary education, including the provision of a sum for the purchase of sites and the erection of new schools which it has been decided to build. The following are the schools and their estimated cost : At Cheadle, for 500 children (estimated cost £7,500) ; -at Hollingworth, for 600 children (9,000): at Middle- wich, for 800 children (.12,000); at Helsby, for 200 children (13,000); at Neston, for 250 'children (13,750); at Compstall, for 92 infants, and adoption of old building for 144 children (2,200), at Bred- bury, for 400 children (£6,000) ; transfer by purchase of the school at Compstall, £l,OOO ; transfer by pur- ohase of the school at Minshull Vernon, £450. The estimates for alterations at the following schools are :—Brunner School, Barnton, £4,600; Meadow Bank Council School, Over; £700; Weaverham, •3,00 O Oulton Park, £800; High-street Council School, Over, for 600 children, £3,500. The sub- committee approved the estimates, and instructed the, county accountant to make provision for them.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
'Presentation to a Shepherd. At the quarterly meeting of the Loyal Order of Ancient Shepherds(Warrington district)Bro. Lawrence Weir presented P.P.C.S. Bro. Joseph Adams with a handsome marble timepiece, for valuable services rendered to the district during the year 1903-4 as Pro C. Shepherd. The presentation was warmly and -earnestly supported by many brethren. Bro. Adams very feelingly returned thanks. At the same meeting P.P.C.S. Bro. Lawrence Weir was nominated for a seat on the executive committee of the order, and Dis. Sec. Bro. Edgar was nominated for a seat on the Board of Management of the Lancashire and Cheshire Counties Conference. The conference was invited to hold its next meeting in Warrington.

Crosfield's Education Scheme. On Tuesday last, the assembly room in the works of Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Limited presented an animated appearance when over 120 of the boys and girls employed there attended to receive from the firm the school fe.2s paid and the money prizes gained in the past session of evening classes. All these boys and girls had a record of over 85 per cent. of the maximum possible attendances and were therefore entitled to have their fees repaid and in addition, -where the master's or mistress's report was good, to have a money prize eqtial to their fees paid. -No less than 28, or nearly a quarter of the above, missed no classes and each of these received an additional 25.6 d. Altogether, close upon :£6O was distributed: H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-6.3, SANKEY STREET, Warrington.---Advt. Civil Service Changes. It is officially notiaed that in the: Taxes branch o, the Inland Revenue service Mr. A. Cole, surveyor; Warrington, has been transferred to the head office - Mr. C. G. Spry, surveyor, head office' has been trans- ferred to Warrington; and Mr. P. W. Brannon, sur veyor, Oldham, has been transferred to West Hartle- pool. In the Excise department, Mr. J. Gaughan, first-class supervisor, Warrington, has been trans- ferred to Cork ' • and Mr. N. Phillips, second-class supervisor, Bury district, Bolton collection, has been promoted to first-class supervisor, Warrington. In H.M. Customs, Mr. C. Waugh, boatman, Manchester, has been promoted to preventive officer, lower sec- tion.

The Institute of Journalists. The quarterly meeting of the members of the Liver- pool district of the lustitute of Journalists was held on Saturday, in Southport. Mr. G. E. Wigley, district .chairman, presided over a gathering including repre- sentatives from Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southp?rt, and Warrington. One new member was added to the roll which now contains 125 names. A general discus- sion followed the reports of the delegates to the Glasgow conference, with special reference ts the subjects of the provident fund, orphan fund, the new defence fund, and bogus "schools of journalism." The hon. secretaries were authorised to proceed with the pregarations i.)r a 1905 issue of the " Liverpool District Year Book." Alter the meeting the msmbe rs and lady friends were entertained to tea as the gues ts of -Sir Charles Scarisbrick, and Mr. A. F. Stephenson, J.P. GREAT SALE OF BOOTS AND SHOES now on UNDER THE CLOCK.—AdVt.

The Polyglot Society. The winter session of this society was pleasantly opened by a musical evening on Wednesday evening. A very enjoyable programme had been arranged by, Mrs. Jackson Holmes, and after the President's open- ing remarks, various contributions were given on the piano and violin by Mrs. Jackson Holmes, Mrs Willett and Miss Bouchier. Songs in English, French and German, rendered by Mrs. Willett, Miss Birchall and Miss Marsh were pleasantly interspersed during the pr@ceedings. Recitations were effectively given by Miss Hautz, Mr. Spiegelhalter and Mr. Ockel. The serious business of the session will be commenced on Wednesday next when a paper will be given by Mr. Ormandy on "Matter."

A Railway Mystery. At the Police Station on Wednesday afternoon, Hr. S. Brighouse, County Coroner, held an inquiry touch- ing the death of Thomas Kale (139),a seaman,of Gee's Yard, Newton-le-Willows—The. evidence showed that deceased left home at 8.39 on Friday evening, stating that hc was going for a walk. Nothing further was seen of him until 6.30 on Saturday morning, when a foreman platelayer named John Wood found him lying on the railway line about 280 yards from Newton Station. He had evidently been struck by a passing train, for his skull and jaw were fractured. He was practically unconscious and could give no account of how he got on the line. He was conveyed to the Warrington Infirmary where he died on Sunday. An open verdict was returned. - -

DISSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS in latest art •shades.—J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. St. John's Literary and Social Society. This society opened its 1904-5 session with a social meeting on Tuesday evening last. The meeting was held in the schoolroom, the Hon. President, the Rev. J. L. Milne, M.A., 8.D., occupying the chair. The evening's programme opened with a pianoforte duet by Miss Wells and Mr. Jowett. Songs were after- wards rendered by Mrs. Brown and Miss Littlewood.. Mr. H. Shaw gave selections on the cornet and was heartily encored, and the President, Mr. P. H. Brows, contributed a humorous reading. During an interval tea was handed round by the lady members of the society, and the latter part of the evening was devoted to various social games. There was a very satisfactory attendance of members an their friends. The next meeting of the society will be on Tuesday October 18th, when the Hon. President, Mr. Milne, will give an address entitled "A half-hour with the Dictionary."

Smallpox Preferred to Vaccination. At Daresbury Petty Sessions on Tuesday George Frith, Frandly Farm, Seven Oaks, applied for a vaccination exemption certificate in the case of his child. He stated that he believed vaccination to be detrimental to the health of children.—The Clerk (Mr. Henry Greenitll): But you must satisfy the Bench that you have a cluscientious objection.—Applicant : I believe vaccination is detrimental to health.—The Clerk: Why ?—A.p.plicant : It is blood poisoning. I consider my brother is in his grave through vaccin- ation at the age'of 32. He broke out all over scabs after vaccination and had them till he died.—Colonel Ridgway asked the applicant if vaccination had done him any harm.—Applicant: I cannot say that. I would not be done now under any consideration whatever.— The Clerk: And you would sooner your child had smallpox than be vaccinated?—Applicant: I would sooner it have smallpox than be vaccinated.—The application was granted.

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASs MINERAL WATERS.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

POOR RATES IN, RUNCORN_ DISTRICT._

The Ru-n-c;i:ninTlistrates have signed the following poor rate for the ensuing six months :—Aston Grange- 11d, in the pound, to realise £43 16s. 4&; Aston-by Sutton, 10d. £377 2s. 111.; Sutton, 10d. £533 13s. 6d.; Weston is. 11d., £1,248 10s. 3d.; Norton, is. Bd., £482 155.; Runcorn, Is. 4d., £3,704 19s. 10d.; Clifton, is. 9d., £309 12s. 7d.; Stockham, Is. 9d., £6O 2s. 7d.; Halton, 25., £474 7s. 6d. Most of these rates are a considerable increase upon last half-year. DEATH OF A RUNCORN LADY.

Mrs. Hewitt, wife of Mr. George Hewitt, ship chandler, Runcorn, died on Tuesday afternoon, after three days' illness. Mr. Hewitt is the representative of Bridgewater Ward on the Urban District Council, and also people's warden at the parish church ; and his wife, who was the daughter of the late Mr. W. Statham, builder and contractor, took an active interest in the social affairs of the parish. She was greatly esteemed in the circle in which she moved, and universal sym- pathy is extended to Mr. Iliwitt in his great and sudden bereavement.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
SMART FINE ON A SHOWMAN.

Thomas Newton, travelling showman, was charged with showing indecent prints on Widnes fair ground. The police raided the premises, but prisoner was stated to have chewed up the worst of his pictures. which he snatched away from the stand immediately he saw the police. Mr. Knowles, aka defending solicitor, urged that the pictures were no worse than the statues and pictures in public museums and art galleries, and that in the Widnes Technical School there was statuary quite as obscene. The bench imposed a fine of £lO and costs, or two months.—Prisoner said he would go to jail.

_ PARENTS SENT TO GAOL. On Monday, at Widnes, Joseph Tarleton aad his wife, Catherine Tarleton, were brouaht up on remand charged with neglecting their two children, Catherine, six, and Elizabeth, three. Mr. Knowles prosecuted on behalf of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, and stated that there was not much evidence of neglect, but the children were abandoned. The chil- dren were dirty, and had it not been for the neighbours they would have got very little to eat. Both prisoners were committed to prison for a month, VACCINATION EXEMPTIONS AT RUNCORN, At Runcorn Petty Sessions, on Monday, Arthurßaker 36, Parker-street, Runcorn, applied to Messrs. F. J. Norman for a certificate exempting him from having his child vaccinated. He said the child was in the best, of health, but he conscientiously believed that vaccina- tion vionld be prejudicial to the health of the child.— Frederick Davies, 7. Ellesmere-street, made a similar application. He said he had read about many deaths which had been caused by vaccination. His objection to vaccination was a conscientious one. The applications were granted. A CASE FOR THE COUNTY COURT. At Runcorn on Saturday, John Smith, of Tame-stret, Manchester, was charged with stealing fruit from John Crawford, fruit dealer, of Liverpool.—Tne defence was that the men were partners,and prosecutor admitted that the prisoner brought forty baskets of plums into the business.—The magistrates said the case was one for the county court, and the prisoner was discharged Mr. Linaker, for prisoner, applied for £7 found on the prisoner.—Mr. Knowles, for the prosecutor, objected.— Superintendent Ennion said he would not return the money to the prisoner.—Mr. Linaker appealed to the Bench to make an order.—The Bench declined to do so. —Mr. Linaker again demanded the money from Super- intendent Ennion, who refused.—Mr. Linaker: You cannot retain it.—Superintendent Ennion: You must sue me in the county court for it. THE " SEASON " FOR BURNING PATALITIES.—A WIDNES CASE. Mr. Brighouse (coroner) held an iniuestlon Monday evening on the body of Harriet Pendegrast, aged four, daughter of Patrick Pendegrast, 4, Water-street, Widnes, who died on Friday from shocking burns all over the body, received at the house of her cousin, in Hope- street—Ann Lightfoot, the cousir, said she sent the deceased out to play, while she went upstairs to do some cleaning. Shortly after she heard screams down- stairs,and hurrying to see what was the matter found the child in flames. She was attended to, and afterwards taken to the hospital, where she died the Same day.— The Coroner said this season of the year was just, about the time when burning fatalities commenced. He had spoken about this thing last year, and he would not like to think that the matter was being overlooked. A circular had been sent to all the members of Parliament in Lancashire, asking them ti give the matter eheir earnest consideration, but the legislative wheels moved very slowly. He had suggested that it should be made an offence ,to leave fires unprotected.—A verdict of "Accidental death "was returned.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS

HEALTH OF ST. HELENS.

A very satisfactory feature of the St. Helens medical officer's report for the past fortnight is the exception- ally low death rate from infectious diseases-1.7 against 3.2 There have only been six deaths from infectious disease and twenty-four new cases of sickness, of which i fifteen are from scarlet fever. Typhoid fever s happily rare nowadays. The death rate is 21, against 19.3, and the birth rate has gone up from 37.1 to 12•6.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRESIDE''EXPLOSION AT ST. HELENS.

A terrible explosion occurred shortly before ten o'clock on Sunday, at a house in Pecker's Hill-road, Sutton, St. Helens, by which a man, named Edward Grace, was seriously hurt. The explosion took place in the firegrate, and is supposed to have been caused by a dynamite cartridge left in the coal. Shortly after the fire was mended by the addition of a shovelful of ceal the explosion occurred, blowing out the windows and doors of the house, and wrecking all the furniture. Mr. Grace was sitting in front of the fire, and was seriously burnt about the face, arms and chest. Dr. Casey attended to him, and the unfortunate man was subsequently con- veyed to the St. Helens Hospital. YOUNG MAN'S BLACK RECORD. -

John Dings-dairs-,-oi. Bold-street, St. Helens. is a young man, but he has a very bad record, most-of his twenty- one convictions being for larceny and being on enclosed premises for unlawful purposes. At a quarter to two on Thursday morning Police-Constable Smith heard someone in the yard behind 29, Mount-street. He sent Police-Constable Trail to the rear of the pre- mises, and then saw Dingsdale get over the wall and run away. Dingsdale was wearing goloshes, and after a chase he turned round to butt the officer,but he anticipated this and used his baton. The yard in which Dingsdale was found was surrounded by a ten-foot wall, and there were some fowl in the shed. Dingsdale protested that he could not get Work since he was tried at the assizes. —He was sent to gaol for two months' hard labour. RETIREMENT OF THE CHIEF CONSTABLE.

At a meeting of the Watch Committee, on Wednesd Chief Constable Wood, of the borough police force resigned his position, owing to failing health. His retirement was accepted with regret, and he will leave the force at the end of three months on a pension of two-thirds of his present salary, £350. Mr. Wood has had a long and honourable connection with the police service. He joined the Aberdeen City Police in 1863, and in 1868 became associated with the Lancashire County Constabulary, and served in St. Helens, Widnes, and other towns. On the formation of the St. Helens Borough Police Force, in 1887, he was appointed chief constable, and has held that position up to the present time.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
OFFICE BREAKING.

A Soldier Caught in the Act at Warrington.

At the Occasional Court yesterday, before Mr. Frost, William Dolan, a private in the South Lancashire Regiment, stationed at Orford B...,rracks, was charged with feloniously breaking and entering the counting house of the Mersey White Lead Co., Limited and steal- inq three pairs of trousers, a jacket, pair of goloshes, pair of socks and two pipes, the property of William Sloan on the 6th of October.

_ Harry Taylor, night watchman at Mersey White Lead Works and residing at 92 Evelyn-street, said he was on duty on the night of October 6th. At 12 o'clock he saw the offices safely locked up. About two o'clock in the morn- ing he noticed a light in the managing director's office. On going there,he found the prisoner crouching in front of a cupboard. He had a poke: in his hand. When asked what he was doing there he replied" I do not know, I want my ticket." He refused to give up the poker, but went downstairs. Witness left him in the yard, and went for a workman named Ernest Stringer. On their return they found prisoner crouching down under the window. On examining the premises he found a window broken and open. A panal of a cupboard was broken and about six locks and handles of cupboards and drawers were broken off. Prisoner was wearing the grey jacket, trousers and the goloshes mentioned in the charge. He had left his military trousers in an adjoining room. Ernest Albert Stringer, labourer, residing in Eliza- beth-street, stated that he was called by the last wit- ness. On searching the yard they found prisoner under the window. Thinking the prisoner was going to strike him with the poker, which he had in his hand, he (wit- ness) struck prisoner on the head twice with a stick. P.C. Wood stated that he was called to the Mersey Lead Works and took the prisoner into custody. He took him to the Police Station and afterwards to the Infirmary, where his injuries were dressed. . Prisoner,who on being cautioned,said "I did it to get my discharge,"was committed for trial at the Liverpool Quarter Sessions.

A case of anthrax was notified on Wednesday on farm at Winsford, Cheshire. boy and a girl named Fletcher, six years and sixteen years of age respectively, of Chestnut-street, Southport, were found unconscious in bed on Sunday morning through an escape of gas lathe room. The boy died an Monday night and the condition of the girl is serious.

Protecting the Children. - The Warrington branch of the National Society for the prevention of cruelty to children, (local office 31 Parker street, Warrington), has during the quarter ended 30th September, 1904, inquired into 55 com- plaints of neglect, ill-treatment and other wrongs of childhood, of which all were dealt with, having been found to be true. 176 children were effected in the cases. There:were 80 offenders; of these 3 were prosecuted • one of whom was convicted 74 were warned, and 2 were dealt with in other ways. The jaenalties inflicted were one month ; of imprisonment 2 of the children died. The society's in- spector made 324 visits of supervision. Mr. W. D. Jeans is the local hon. secretary. The Warrington Branch extends to Earlestown, Newton-le-Willows G-olborne, Penketh and Burtonwood. Inspecto, Hackett will be pleased to receive gifts of clothing tr be distributed to the deserving poor. The approaco of the winter makes the need for a good supply oh garments all the greater.

GREAT SALE OF BOOTS AND SHOES JIONV on UNDER THE CLOCK.—Advt. Manchester Poultry and Pigeon Show. The sixth annual great show of prize poultry, pigeons, rabbits and envies is to be held in Belle Vue Gardens on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, October 18, 19 and 20. The entries number 4310 and are from North, South, East and West, practically between John O'Groats and Lands End. Some of the finest stock in the country will be on exhibition, and among the exhibitors are Lord Spruce, Hon. Sybil Amherst, Hon. Lilian Devereux, T. F. Egerton Esq.' of Rostherne. Entries on one occasion were received from H. M. the Queen and it is to be regretted Her Majesty is not this year exhibiting. The astonishing value of fancy stock is illustrated by the record sales at Manchester,a barblpigeon realisine,loo and a Plymouth Rock Cockerel £5O. In October last year 71 Dragoons, the property of Mr. Alex. Wright of Bacup, were sold by auction in the Manchester Coal Exchange and real- ised nearly £930. Not the least interesting feature of the Show, are the Incubators which actually show the chickens during the process of hatching and the foster mothers which tend the chicks in their early age. The judges number 32, all well-known authori- ties, and include Mr. 11. Abbot of Thuxton, Norfolk. The famous Belle Vue fireworks are exhibited on Wed- nesday the second day of the Show,a,nd visitors willhave the opportunity of seeing both Show and fireworks on one day. The Lancashire and Yorkshire, the Cheshire Lines, the Midland, and the Great Central railways are issuing tickets at the rate of single fare and a quarter (minimum fare is.) within a sixty miles radius for convenience of visitors. •

FOR CLASS AND CHINA. of every description try J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street. Warrington.—Advt.

Concert in the Parr Hall.

A deserving object and an exceptionally interesting programme should have attracted a much larger audience than assembled in the Parr Hall on Monday evening for the annual concert in aid of the Railway Benevolent Institution and Railway Orphanage. It must have been disappointing to the promoters to see the array of empty seats in many parts of the hall. Small as it was, the audience was warmly apprecia- tive and there was a consensus of opinion that the concert was thoroughly enjoyable and merited more generous patronage. The artistes are all well known in the musical world, and have appeared at many leading concerts. Madame Eleanor Jones (soprano) is possessed of a voice of pleas ing sweetness and compass and her interpretation of Bishop's" Lo! hear the gentle lark "was artistic and called forth hearty plaudits. The s 'ccess of this item was enhanced by the beautiful flute obligato in which Mr. Eli Hudson kave a foretaste of his striking skill in the manipulation of the instrument. Later Madame Jones was responsible for a feeling render- ing of "She wandered down the mountain side." (Clay). Miss Florence bole (contralto) submitted Dr. Elgar's " Land of Hope and Glory "and Barrat's "My Ships" dreditably, but it was in the latter song that she was heard to the best advantage. Her voice is one of good range and flexibility,and the pleasure of the audience was evidenced by a recall. Mr. Alexander Webster (tenor), favourably impressed the assembly by his interpretation of "I'll sing thee songs of Araby (Clay) and "Eileen Mavourneen " (Benedict), which I were. marked by taste and expression. Mr. Emlyn Davies's rob ust tenor voice had full scope in "The veteran's song" which he gave with fitting verve, but his second effort "The bugler" (Pinsuti) proved the more popular and an encore was accorded. The voices of the party blended well in the quartettes "Brightly dawns our wedding day" and "Good- night, good-night, beloved" and the duets "Tenor and Baritone" (Lane Wilson) by Messrs. Alexander Webster and Emlyn Davies, and "The sailor sighs" (Balfe) by Miss Florence Hoole and Mr. Alexander Webster added to the evening's enjoyment. The artiste who found the greatest favour was Mr. Eli Hudson, solo flautist and piccoloist. He displayed remarkable command over the instruments, and the manner in which the many intricacies were surmounted gave the listeners mani- fest pleasure. Mr. findson received quite an ovation, and the demand for" mnre " was loud and persistent. The whistling solos by Mr. Charles Capper were very acceptable, and did the artiste infinite credit. Mr. Caraclog Evans efficiently discharged the duties e f ccompanist.

The Examiner, Saturday, October 15, 1904.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
SAD BURNING FATALITY AT STOCKTON HEATH.

A distressing burning fatality occurred at Stockton Heath on Sunday, the victim being Miss Lousia Brew, aged 34, of 48, Old London-road. The circumstances were detailed at the inquest which was conducted at the Police Station, Warrington, on Wednesday by Mr. S. Brighouse, county coroner.-41r5. Deane, deceased's sister, who resided with her, stated that at 7 o'clock on Sunday morning deceased got up to light the fire. A quarter of an hour later, witne.s heard a scream and on going downstairs saw deceased in the yard with her clothing on fire. With assistance she extinguished the flames and Dr. Parker was sent for. He ordered deceased's removal to the Infirmary and she died in the institution at 8.30 the same day from burns about the arms and body. Deceased told witness that she was patting the kettle on the fire when her dress got ignited.—A verdict of "Accidental death" was returned.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUNERAL.

Amid many manifestations of regret, the remains of Miss Brew were interred in St. Thomas's Churchyard, Stockton Heath, on Thursday afternoon. Miss Brew had been associated with St. Thomas's Church and Sunday school since childhood and for a number of years had faithfully discharged the duties of teacher in the Sunday school. The funeral service was held in the church and a large number of residents and friends assembled to pay a last tribute of respect. The choir was in attendance as well as the Sunday school and day school teachers and the members of Miss Brew's Sunday school class. The coffin, which was covered with beautiful wreaths, was carried from the house to the church, where it was met at the gates by the clergy and choir. The officiating clergymen were the Rev. H. V. Pigot (vicar) and the Rev. C. M. Evans (curate). The bearers were Messrs. J. Langley, W. Mclntyre, E. Cannell and F. Warbur- ton. The organist (Hr. Rose) played several appro- priate voluntaries on the organ prior to the service, and at the close the Dead March in " Saul." The lessons were read by the clergy and the congregation joinedin singing the hymn " On the Resurrection Morn" and the 90th Psalm. At the graveside the choir sang "Thy will be done." The grave had been lined with ivy and chrysanthemums by a sympathetic friend as a last token of regard. The relatives present included Mr. Arthur Dean (nephew), Mr. Watkins (uncle), and Ur. Hindley, of Appleton. Many beautiful floral tributes had been received including one each from the Sunday school scholars, the day :chool scholars, the teachers, ani the members of her Class.

CRAWFORD'S

OVAL RICH TEA

BISCUITS.

(In ilb. Packets Etc.)

THE "CRAWFORD " QUALITY.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BYE-ELECTION IN BEWSEY WARD.

The Labour Candidate has a Majority

of one.

Yesterday, an election took place in Bewsey Ward to fill the vacancy on the Town Council caused by the retirement of Mr. Samuel Gough. It will be remem- bered that on Friday last, Mr. Henry Roberts, J.P. withdrew from the contest. Mr. James Dodds, who had retired from the representation of Town Hall Ward in order to challenge the candidature of Mr. Roberts, then issued an address to the electors of the ward stating that the reason which prompted him to seek their suffrages having been removed by the with- drawal from the contest of Mr. Henry Roberts, he had decided to retire in favour of Mr. Thomas Wright, the labour candidate. Mr. Dodds was too late to hand in the official withdrawal paper within the stipulated time and the polling stations had to be opened yesterday morning and the usual procedure gone through as though an election were taking place. There were two polling stations, one at Hoyle street and the other at Dannett street. Mr. Thomas H. Spinks was the presiding officer in charge of the Hoyle street station with Mr. H. B. Potter, the poll-clerk, whilst Mr. A. Starkey was the presiding officer and Mr. S. Wright the poll-clerk at Dannett street. Only three votes were recorded, but it was neceskary that one hour should elapse without a vote being re- corded ere the polling stations could be closed. The stations opened at 8 o'clock and did not close until shortly before twelve. The boxes were then taken to the Town Elall, where they remained unopened until 8 o'clock. When the votes were counted it was found that the result was as follows :

Thomas Wright ., James Dodds ___

liajority for Mr. Wrig'it.

The result was announced from the Town Hall steps by Alderman Fairclough, the presiding officer of the ward. A small knot of spectators had gathered to hear the result, which was received with a slight ironical cheer.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WIDENING OF WARRINGTON BRIDGE

Offer by Massrs. Fairclough and Sons.

We have received a copy of correspondence which has passed between Messrs. James Fairclough and Sons Limited and the Town Clerk with reference to the pro- posed widening of Warrington Bridge. Mersey Mills, Warrington, October 10th, 1904.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Re WARRINGTON BRIDGE.

Dear Sir,--Xlessrs. Alex. Wilson and Cowie have communicated to us your letter of the sth inst., and we have also seen the account in the newspapers of the proceedings of your Council. We do think that our Appeal deserved more serious and courteous treatment than it has received at any rate at the hands of some of the Councillors, who appeared to think that the matter is of such small importance that we may be left to protect ourselves. On the contrary, it is of very great importance to us. Although we have the greatest possible dislike to throw any obstacle in the way of an improvement to Warrington, we feel very strongly that this improve- ment should not be made in such a way as to damage us most seriously when there are other methods by which it could be carried out.

We now make the following formal proposal :—lf your Corporation will take out the pier to the Lanca- shire side of the central arch (which we understand could be done and the bridge carried across between the other two piers on steel girders without reducing the head room) we would be willing to make a substantial contribution to the additional cost of so doing. We do not suppose this additional cost would be very serious, and we are prepared to contribute £l,OOO towards it.

If this were done we should withdraw any opposition to widening the bridge in accordance with the resolution of your Council.

We beg that you will bring this letter before the Council as soon as possible, and before any steps are taken to carrry out the proposed work. Awaiting your reply, We are, dear sir, Yours traly, JAMES FAIRCLOUGH & SONS, LTD. RICHARD T. FAIRCLOUGH, Managing Director.

"Che Town Clerk, Warrington. 39, Victoria-street, Westminster, S.W. 13th October, 1904.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BRIDGE.

Dear sir,—Adverting to your letter of the 11th inst. with copy of letter frorn Messrs. James Fair°lough and Sons, I have carefully considered the proposals in the letter for altering the structure and may say, at the outset, that I do not consider theta to be practicable. The three arches of the bridge are supported by two piers in the river and two abutments on the banks; if the pier on the Lancashire side were removed as sug- gested, the remaining pier would be converted into an abutment which would have to take the thr ist of the remaining arch. As this pier is not designed as an abutment,and the stones would be interfered with when removing the other arches, there would be a greater danger of the arch failing. The proposed girders would also present difficulties and the new floor could not be laid until the old structure was removed. thus completely closing the traffic for several months.

The cost of these proposed works would be nearly as much as building a new bridge of the same width, and as utility is not the only point to be considered, I cannot imagine the Council sanctioning the erection of such an unsightly combination. I may mention that my estimate of £17,789 10s. for ft new bridge—which has been magnified in various dis- cussions to from £20,000 to £3o,ooo—was a liberal one, and would certainly not be exceeded, and as competi- tion in the iron trade is now so keen, it would no doubt be built for considerably less.

Yours faithfully, JOHN J. WEBSTER.

J. Lyon Whittle, Esq., Town Clerk, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TULIP AND ITS CULTIVATION. . An Interesting Paper at Stockton Heath.

At a meeting of the Stockton Heath Garden Society on Tuesday evening,Mr. C. J. W. Needham submitted an interesting paper on "The Tulip." He pointed out that the tulip probably came from Asia originally. They read of it growing in Persia and flourishing in the Himalayas. It must have been common with the Chinese and Japanese for they found it figured on their old vases and appearing in their pittures. In 1559 it was already a florist's finer with numerous varieties owing their unknown origin to the Turks, the name tulip being the English equivalent iaf the turban— Tolipend (turban) which it no doubt resembled. They learnt that it was in cultivation in Vienna in 1551, and quickly .becoming popular it was introduced into England in 1577. After tracing the growth of varieties of the tulip Mr. Needham touched upon the threadbare story of the curious form of tulipomania—the gambling which took place in Holland when single tulip bulbs were exchanged for houses and land. This gambling found no imitation in England. Cromwell about that time doubtless found men other thoughts to fill their minds. After 1840 the men of the north, for the most part workingmen, chiefly had sway as raisers of the plant, though for some years a strife was waged between southern and northern florists as to the stand- 4rd of excellence of the flower. One of the great Protagonists in the strife and also an authority on the flower as well as one of its most successful exhibitors, was Dr. G. W. Hardy, of Warrington. Dealing with cultivation, Mr. Needham said the tulip was one of the easiest plants to grow in the garden, town or country. It would exist almost in any situation and in any soil, though in order to bring it to perfection, as in the case of any other flower, some little care and attention were needed. A May flower, and coming with the apple blossom, it was well to take advantage of any shelter the garden afforded, especially from the cutting north And east winds. The perlshers that came from the east were quite as harmful to the tulip as to any other plant or shrub. Tulips might be used for decorative purposes with telling effect, by planting in clumps and masses in the ordinary way, the bulbs being laid about two inches apart, and three or four inches deep. As the price of English tulip bulbs of ordinary varieties was now about the same as of good Dutch sorts, there was no reason why greater use should not be made of them in gardens where bulbs were grown. Mr. Needham gave a number of useful hints,and pointed out that if the bloom was intended for exhibition purposes, or it was desired to see it at its best, some pro- tection must be afforded about the time the bloom was beginning to unfold itself, or as soon as the green buds appeared tb be tinged with colour, an awning of thin calico or tiffany should be placed over the bed, six or eight inches higher than the tallest stem. Perhaps the best plan for the tulip enthusiast to adopt was to completely cover the tulip bed with garden lights or frames. But these precau- tions need only be observed by the enthusiastic tulip- pian bent on obtaining a place of honour in some floral competition, or some zealous florist engaged in raising fine seedlings. Left alone to brave all the inclement weather that might come, the tulip would bloom, and bloom beautifully, but perhaps not without speck or spot op its petals. The culture of the tulip was extremely simple, and the veriest tyro in garden culture might, with the exercise of a little care and perseverance, be very successful : 4 yet to the enthusiastic grower the field of knowledge was con- tinually expanding, and the pleasures to be derived from its study and culture boundless.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIAL SERVICE LEAGUE.

Inaugural Muting at th 3 Parr Hall.

REV. H. DUNNICO AND THE AIMS OF THE

LEAGUE.

Warrington has now a Social Service League. This organisation was duly formed at an inaugural meeting held in the Parr Hai on Wednesday evening, when the constitution was adopted and the officers elected. The Rev. H. Dunnico presided over an encouraginc, attend- ance and amongst those present were: Messrs. E. Osborne, N. Cook, G. Plumpton, W. Clatworthy, E. W. Jones,R. Osborne,J.A. Heywood,ll. E. Hawthorne, Joyn- son Pepper, Wilcox, and J. Morton (secretary pro tem.) Circulars were distributed setting forth the aims and objects of the league. The league is affiliated with the British Institute of Social Service, and the principle for which the league stands is the re-adjustment of the present social order. The league consists of all persons irrespective of creed or politics who are in sympathy with its expressed objects, and who shall contribute one shilling per annum to its f unds.Theaims and objectsare:— (1) To EDUCATE (a) by public lectures; (b) by informol conferences ; (c) by the publication of a monthly organ; (d) by the circulation of suitable literature. (2) To AGITATE: Whenever any reform is judged to be feasible, the League shall rouse public opinion by meetings, resolutions, deputations to persons in ' authority, and by such other methods as the committee may determine. (3) To OPERATE: The League shall ' seek to secure the nomination and return of such candidates, irrespective of party, whose views are in harmony with its avowed objects. The League shall see that the powers with which parliament has invested our municipalities for the preservation of the moral and physical health of the people shall be enforced, and shall seek to remove from their high places those who convert public trusts to private uses. It is understood that the League shall Bruit its operations to municipal affairs, and that, for a time at least, it shall play a purely educational part in national politics. Upon questions affecting the general well-being of the corn- munity, it hopes to provide a common platform for the free expression of opinion by representative men of all parties, and of every shade of progressive opinion. The CHAIRMAN,iII opening the meeting, said that at a conference held at Parr Hall three or four months ago a committee was appointed to draw up a constitution and to discuss the formation of a social brotherhood. ' The committee was requested to report to a future meeting.

THE SECRETARY'S REPORT. The SECRETARY, in his report, stated that at a public conference on the social problem held in Parr Hall on Sunday, May 29th, the following were appointed a com- mittee to consider the formation of a society whose aims should be the betterment of social conditions: The Rev. H. Dunnico, Councillor Stott, Messrs. E. L. Jones, J. Elwell, W. Nightingale, E. England J. G. Reeves, J. Edwardson, E. Osborne and J. Morton. Councillor Stott and Messrs. Reeves and Edwardson had taken no part, in the proceedings of the committee. It had been the aim of the committee to devise such an organisation as might be kept clear of all political parties and of all religious sects, offering a common base for all sections of the community. It was clearly recognised that there was a real need in the town for an organisation affording facilities for educat- ing the people on the many phases of the social problem and that the "educational" must be one of the foremost features of the new organisation. The scope offered by the constitution was a aide one and it was hoped that the league would enlist the co-operation of all shades of opinion. An advantage of the league. it was be- lieved, lay in the fact that it would take up many social q.uestions on non-party lines, that whereas an organisa- tion dealing with one item of reform—say the drink question or gambling—was, through lack of interest, more often than not in a state of unpreparedness just at a time when it should be ready to act. The many interests of the Social Service League, would, it was hoped, easure its always being in a state of efficiency. The CHAIRMAN said they all knew his sympathies were with labour. He was practically a son of labour and as a lad many a council of war had been held round his father's fireside in which 'Mr. Sam Woods and others took part. He made up his mind when entering upon the public ministry that he would take an active part in all things affecting the welfare of the community Since commencing his ministerial work he had tried to do so. That had involved extra work and also brought n a large amount of criticism, but he w onld rather lay himself open to the charge of being an agitating parson than to lay himself open to the charge of being apathetic and indifferent upon those questions which affected the wel- fare of the working clisses. TiVi years ago on cooling to Warrington he purposely held himself aloof from political associations. The non-trading moventent had thrown both of the larger political organisations into a state of confusion and practically chaos. There was a possibility also of a labour party bringing out a candidate, so he held him- self aloof purposely to see what developments would take place. Two years passed away and the labour party seemed no nearer obtaining a candidate than at the outset or his ministry. He became more and more con- vinced that the labour party was a party of one idea— and no matter how good that one idea might be, they were bound to recognise that there were other interests in the world besides those of the labour party, which to be a really progressive party must widen its outlook i and include n its anks progressive men of all parties and opinions who were united upon one comqion plat- form of obtaining the greatest good of the greatept number. The idea suggested itself to him of forming a league which should include Liberals, Conser- vatives and Socialists or anybody else who had the welfare of the working-classes and of the com- munity at heart. He desired that the Social Service League should be independent absolutely of either political party, but at the same time the league re- served to itself the right of co-operating with any party which would enable it to further the interests it had at heart. He thought it would be able to do effective work and take a very active part in local politics. One great feature of the league would be educational work, which to him was the most important work of all. It was proposed to hold a series of lectures. A lecture was to be delivered by Mr. Meakin and Ur. John Burns, M.P., had promised to pay a visit. They also hoped to hold a weekly debating society and they were trying to obtain the services of me a of all classes and politics. They further hoped to have a monthly magazinewhick would contain articles on the various aspects of the social problem. It was also hoped to distribute literature and he was hoping to establish a library for young men —a library that would contain standard works on sociology and other subjects. It was not so much the aims of the league to agitate for new laws but to put in force the laws which already existed. There were many laws upon the statute book which were lying dormant simply because their local councils would not or dared not put them into operation and these would tend to relieve them of many things which were objec- tionable. The Chairman invited opinions from those present. Mr. COOK thought the league would help them materially to deal with local matters. One question which they should take into consideration was the education question. (Hear, hear.) Mr. H. E. HAWTHORNE said.the objects of the league seemed to him to be vary abstract. Were the present laws to be altered?

The CHAIRMAN said the only answer was that some of them believed that the present social order or the present condition of society did not Allow a man the full opportunity to develop his manhood, and they desired co bring into existence a social order which should give every man an opportunity of being a man. (Hear, hear.) Mr. 11. E. HAWTHORNE did not think the constitu- tion gave the lines upon which that was going to be carried out. Mr. E. OSBORNE said he took a keen interest in social problems and he was s3,tisfied that if any good work was to be done it would be done—not by the action of the Conservative or Liberal parties—but by such an organisation as the Social Service League collaborating or helping either of those parties to carry out social reform. His experience of political parties was that they were narrow,and they required a social service league to give them a much. needed stimulus. Labour questions were not the only ones that needed consideration. If they considered the interests of labour only they were not doing the best for everybody. The object of the league was to help forward every good work in the town. (Flear,hear). It was not in antagonism to any other social organisation. Alluding to the unemployed qnes- tion, the speaker said the Government ought to be compelled to do something to find work for the unemployed. The local municipality should also be asked to take the matter up. There were many small matters in the town which needed attention and if the league was in earnest he believed a better state of things could be brought about. (Hear, hear). Mr. TROW condemned the administration of the poor laws and thought they ought to have men on the Board of Guardians" who knew what it was to go without a dinner." , Mr. R. OSBORNE referred to the administration of the Education Act in Warrington, alluding specially to the exacting of school fees. The Tories, he said, had passed

a Free Education Act, but the workingmen of Warring- ton did not take advantage of it. The fees in Warrington ranged from a penny to sixpence. The CHAIRMAN said there ought to be na differenc in the fees charged. Education ought to be free a round.

On the proposition of Mr. Mow, seconded by Mr. R. OSBORNE, the constitution, as drawn up, was agreed to.

ELECTION OF OFFICERS. Mr. MORTON moved that thB Rev. H. Darmico be the president of the league. Mr. Dunnico, he said, .was man who could take his ground, and did not keep in the narrow or exclusive paths that some ministers kept. Mr. N. Cook seconded, and Mr. E. OSBORNE and Mr, H. E. HA.WTHOR.NE supported. The proposition was carried unanimously. The CHArrtatax, in acknowledging his election, said he was not going to say he was surprised. He would have been disappointed if they had not elected him to the position,for he believed that at the present juncture no man could fill the position so well as himself. He did not think anyone was so enthusiastic in the work as he was. At the same time he asked them to give him their loyal support. He intended 'during the next 12 months to visit every workshop in Warrington and appeal for members during the dinner-time. If the league was to be of use they must make it strong. The aims and objects might seem somewhat vague, but they ' did not want to aim at the stars. They were expecting to deal with local questions as they cropped up and make the League effective. Mr. J. MORTON was elected secretary and Mr. E. Osborne, financial secretary. The following were. appointed on the committee: Messrs. E. Lloyd Jones, J. Elwell, J. Heywood, Nightingale, H. E. Hawthorne,. E. W. Jones, R. Osborne, Speakman, J. W,ilkß-, Wilcox, Joynson, Trow, Duttonand Pepper. The appointment of vice-presidents was left to a future meeting. A discussion ensued as to whether the league should. seek to be 4epresented on the Labour Representation Committee. It was decided to defer the matter and that in the inpantime, a debate be held sia the sabie3t.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NOVEMBER ELECTIONS. This Week's Developments.

Further. developments have transpired this week in connection with the forthcoming November elections. Several ward meeting have been held and details appear below. At the meetings of the Trades and Labour Council on Tuesday evening, it was announced that it was the intention of the Labour Representation Com- mittee to bring forward candidates, but ths names were Hot divulged. Mr. Oswald Buckley, an enthusiastic) member of the Trades Council and Labour Representa- tion Committee, has declined an invitation to contest a ward. Councillor Brough will again be the Liberal candidate for Whitecross Ward. and the Liberal Committee of St. John's Ward after going very carefully into the question of Councillor Thornton's position with regard to the Conservative party have decided to offer no opposition to his return. It is stated that the Conservatives intend to bring for- ward a candidate in opposition to Councillor Thornton. The Conservatives will not place a candidate in the field in St. Austin's Ward, where Councillor Burt )n has again been selected to champion the Liberal cause. At Conservative meetings in Fairfield and Litchford Wards no choice of candidates was made. THE NON-TRADERS AND THE ELECTIONS.

A meeting of the Committee of the Non-Tradin; Association was held on Wednesday evening, when . was decided that the vacancies in Orford, Bewsey, and Latchford Wards should be contested. This means that Councillors Wilkinson Rogers,and Ellison may have to fight candidates wtio, if not official Non-Traders possess Non-Trading sympathies. The names of the prospective candidates have not yet been divulged.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
FAIRFIELD WARD.

The Conservative Committee 'met on Tuesday evening under the presidency of Alderman Hutchinson. It was reported that a deputation had waited upon a certain gentleman to ask him to contest the ward, but he had declined the invitation.

Farther action was postponed. __ LATCHFORD WARD. _ _

Mr. G. PILLING presided at a meeting of the Con- servative Committee of this Ward on Wednesday even- ing. It was decided to leave the question of contesting the ward in the hands of a small sub-committee.

ST. JOHN'S WARD. COUNCILLOR THORNTON'S POSITION."--" NOT A CONSERVATIVE AND NEVER INTENDS TO BE." An adjcurned meeting of St. John's Ward iberal Committee, was held on Monday night in Brick-street School Mission Room, Mr. W. Furness presiding over one of the largest ward committees ever held in St. John's. In the course of his opening remarks, Mr. Furness said he thanked the committee and the electors of St. John's Ward for the honour they desired to con- fer upon him by nominating him as a candidate for their ward in opposition to Councillor Thornton. He was induced to consider the offer under the impression that, as stated by several members of this committee, Councillor Thornton had joined the Conservative ranks. To make quite sure of Mr. Thornton's position, he had had an interview with him; and asked him if he was a Conservative, and if he was •coming out under the auspices of the Conservative Association. He - (Mr. Furness) added that if that was so, as chairman of this ward committee he should deem it his duty to oppose him. Councillor Thornton, in reply, said : "He was not a Conservative, never had been, and never in- tended to be." Under these conditions he thought it would be very inconsistent with the policy of the com- mittee to offer any opposition to Councillor Thornton. As they were aware, the committee was organised with the object of supporting Liberalism in the ward and tho town generally, and • was broad-minded and liberal enough to give any gentleman who had its confidence credit for having the best interest of the town at heart. They did not ask him who or what section he followed when in the Council, but he must at least be a Liberal before they could utilize their organization in his interest.

After a long discussion it was decided to ask Coun- cillor Thornton to meet the committee on Wednesday night. A further meeting was held in the Brick-street Mission on Wednesday, Mr. William Furness in the chair. There was again a very good attendance. The chairman, in opening the meeting, explained that they were assembled to meet Mr. Thornton and give him a full opportunity, to explain his position in connection with the Con- servative Association, any member having a perfect right to ask Mr. Thornton any question relating to his political life either municipally or parliamentarily, and in order to give the meeting every opportunity he would at once throw the matter open. A number of questions were asked Mr. Thornton as to his presence at the Walton Park garden party and his general attitude towards the junior and senior Con- servative Associations.

Mr. Thornton, in reply, said he had consented to come before that meeting to fully explain his position, a course that had never in his knowledge been taken in connection with any ward in Warrington before. He thanked the gentlemen for the straight and perhaps personal questions they had put to him, and to his utmost ability he would give them honest, straight- forward replies. He reiterated the statement already published that he "was not a Conservative, never had been, and never intended to be," and furthermore he " could not possibly be a Conservative under any con- siderations?. Whatever the decision of that meeting, he would still be as staunch a Liberal as any six gentle- men they couldname from that committee. He further stated that he was not aware that he was, a member of either the junior or senior Conservative Association, and if his name did appear on their books it was without his consent or knowledge. After a very searching and lengthy. discussion, Mr. Thornton retired at the request of the Chairman. On Mr. Thornton's withdrawal the meeting resumed the discussion, and it was moved, seconded, and carried with one dissentient that f‘ After hearing the explana- tions given by Mr. Thornton, this committee decide not to oppose him at the forthcominr, election." Mr. Furness explained that if further developments warranted it, he would at once call the committee together to consider the question. The Chairman thanked the committee for their attendance and for the searchine way they had gone into the matter. In view of the general election, it was necessary to find out as far as nossible who were their friends and he hoped they would all sink their personal feelings at the great fight, and go in for a grand Liberal victory.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITECROSS WARD.

The Liberal Whitecross Ward Committee met in Thewlis-street Schools on Tuesday night. Councillor Evans presiding. It was announced that Councillor Brough was willing to stand again, and he was there- upon unanimously selected. Councillor Brough was present, and said he would continue to serve the Ward faithfully and to the best of his ability. The following is a copy of a letter which had been received from Mr. H. Roberts and addressed to Councillor Evans :-4 Dear Mr. Evans,—l should have been glad to attend the meet- ing of Whitecross Ward this evening, had it not been for the fact that to-day is my birthday, and my wife and family think I should spend it with them, and I aim sure my old friends will agree that this is the proper thing to do." ST. AUSTIN'S WARD.

A meeting of the Conservative Committee was held at the Conservative Club, Sankey-street, on Tuesday evening. Alderman Sutton presided and there were also present :—Councillor Lord, and Messrs. C. S. Burgess, A. J. Jolley, R. H. Daintith, J. P. Taylor' W. W. West- well and Carruthers.—On the mltion of Mr. Westwell, seconded by Ar. Carruthers, and supported by Mr. Daintith, it was decided not to oppose the return to the Council of the retiring Liberal representative of the ward, Councillor Burton.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
ORFORD WARD..

Last evening, a meeting of the Liberal committee in Orford Ward was held and Councillor Wilkinson was unanimously adopted as Candidate. SOWN HALL WARD.

_ It meeting of the Liberal Committee in Town Hall Ward was held last evening when the names of several gentlemen were suggested as candidates and depu- tations were appointed to wait on them.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-7'W7t

===== 0002601_19041015_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
11

i I ,i 1

I • , 'I

I 1 '

- t , .* 1: 1 • • • , s ; . '

===== 0002601_19041015_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I,

===== 0002601_19041015_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19041015_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BENEFITS OF SCIENCE.

It is seldom that any discovery of science is such as will benefit all classes of people. Some of the greatest discoveries of the age, while they have proved directly beneficial to thoti.sands, have also, at least for a time, injured other thousands. Even some of the best medi- cinal preparations, however much they may do to remove one class of disease, or suit some constitutions, at the same time either deepen the hold of another disease, or love it entirely untouched, or if they benefit one class of patients, they may injure another. Now the great need of the age is some scientifically arranged preparation which will cope effectually with the pre- valent diseases of this country, which will be certain to do good when fairly tried, which will be equally adopted to the needs of the merchant and the workman, the professional man, and he who wins his bread by the sweat of his brow, the student, the clerk, the factory hand, the miner, and the roadside labourer. It should be, too, such a pre paration as contains no injurious ingredients, and which may be taken with impunity by the weakly child, or the delicate lady, as well as by the stronger constituted man. Such a discovery would deserve to be called The Perfection of Medicinal Preparations, and would indeed be an Invaluable Boon to Suffering Humanity. Now this much needed boon has been found, has been tried, has been proved, and wherever proved, it has been found satisfactory. We refer to Gwilyin' Evans' Qainine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic, which when once tried, has been always recommended, and has proved successful when all other medicine has failed to give relief, and we may say further, that it has proved per- manently beneficial, when other preparations at best gave only temporary relief. It is strongly recommended as The Best Remedy of the Age for Indigestion in its different forms, such as Sick Headache, Pains in the Side, Giddiness, Loss of Appetite, also for Nervousness and Nervous Disorders, Sleeplessness, Neuralgia, Low Spirits, and all kinds of Weakness. It has often proved very beneficial to persons suffering from great Weakness, either after an illness, long con finement to ill-ventilated rooms or any othe cause. IN strikes at the source of the Disease, removing the cause of the illness, and strengthens those parts of the system which have been weakened by it, and therefore most liable to colds and other ailments. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters being purely vegetable, it is a Natural Tonic, and suited to all ages at all seasons of the year. It is everywhere acknowledged to be a powerful aid in restoring the body to a healthy state when deranged by disease. If you suspect that your health is beginning to fail, brace up your nerves, and fortify your constitution by taking now a course of this excellent Tonic, which is sold everywhere in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each, but should any difficulty be experienced in procuring it, the Proprietors will forward same for the above prices, carriage free. Avoid Imitations. When purchasing,see the name, " Gvrilym Evans," on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. Sole Proprietors: Quinine Bitters Manufac- ming Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

THE Suspicious CONDUCT IN ORFORD-LANE.

At the Warrington Borough Police- Court on Monday before the Mayor and other magistrates, Patrick Brady, a labourer, described as last from Prescot, appeared on remand charged with being a person of suspicious char- acter, and found on the enclosed premises of Mr. Edward Gibson, Orford-lane, for an unlawful purpose. —The prisoner was remanded on the previous Monday in order that his antecedents might be inquired into. It will be remembered that prisoner was seen by Mr. Gibson to approach the front window and try the fastenings. Sergeant Smith came on the scene and took him into custody. On the way to the police station he assaulted the sergeant —The Chief Constable now stated that the Irish police knew the prisoner very well and gave him a very bad character.—Mr. Gibson was called and said the prisoner shammed being drunk when the police came on the scene.—The magistrates sentenced the prisoner to six months' imprisonment. NEWSPAPER PUZZLES "TURNED HIS MIND."—

Saturday morning at nine o'clock and returned at 8.30 in the evening, called her foul names and struck her in the face. He also kicked her and chased the children down the passage.—P.C. Metcalfe also gave evidence.—lnspector Hackett, N.S.P.C.C., 'said he had had the case under obsery .tion for some time. The woman had frequently complained to him of the con- duct of her husband. He earned 325. a week, and on the average he gays his wife a sovereign. When he last visited the house there was nothing in it.—The prisoner said he had had a drop nf drink and was upset. He com- plained of his wife's neglect of the home.—The Mayor said the Bench were inclined to give the prisoner another chance, as there were faults on both sides. If the wife looked after the house better, perhaps the prisoner would turn over anew leaf. He would be fined 10s. and costs. . _ .

"STREET FIGHT.STARTERS."—John Fogg,galvaniser. 79, Birchall-street,and Ed. Mullen. forge labourer, Dial- street, were charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Winwick-street on Saturday night, and assaulting P.C. Hughes and a young man named Samuel Ditchfield, who went to his assistance.—Mullen denied that he was drunk but admitted having had 4 pints and a glass of beer. The Chief. Constable said prisoners had bad records, and they were described on his sheet as "street fight starters and street pests." They csused the police a great deal of trouble.—They were fined 10s. and costs each. DRUNKENNESS.—AIfred Griffiths, last from Woolwich, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Grove. street on Saturday.—The Chief Constable spoke to prisoner being a respectable man, and the magistrates dismissed him.—Roderick McCoy, 10, Morris-court, was fined 55.-for being drunk and disorderly in Morris-court, Church-street, on Saturday.—Bridget O'Brien, 1, Dial- court, was fined 5s for a similar offence. Prisoner made her 17th appearance. "THREE YEARS SINCE SHE TASTED BEER.—Kate Jones. 14, Ship-yard, web charged with being drunk and disorderly in Bridge-street on Saturday night, and also with wilfully breaking a pane of glass in the police cell the same day.—The Chief Constable said the prisoner was brought in drunk, and when put in the cell she broke a window.—Sergeant Williamson said he heard the prisoner shouting, and going to her cell he found she had broken a window.—Prisoner said it %as three years since she had tasted beer, and on Saturday it made her mad. The Mayor said he hoped it 'would be three years before she came to the court again, and decided to give her enother chance. She would be fined ss. including costs. A BROKEN WlNDOW.—Jarres Dollard, 17, Portland- street, was charged with doing wilful damage to windows, the property of Richard Bond, of which defen- dant was tenant, on September 24th.—The prisoner raid he would pay for the damage if the magistrates would allow him three weeks.—The damage, which was 12s 6d, and the costs of the Court, amounted in all to £l, and the magistrates adjourned the case for a month to see if Dollard could pay it.

TIIESDA.Y.—Before Dr. Fox (in the chair), Alderman Hutchinson, Messrs. C. J. Holmes, J. R. Young, and _

W. RiAardson.

§.I3SPIC-':O—U-S-50NDUCT.—John L. Clarke, last from Liverpool, was charged with having been found on enclosed premises with felonious intentions early that morning.—P.C. Dawson found the prisoner in an out- building attached to the "Coach and Horses" Inn Liverpool-road. He had a large knife in his possession. —Prisoner was sent to goal for seven days. FRlDA.v.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Councillors Roberts, Wilkinson and Thornton, Messrs. A. J. Jolley and J. Hepherd. ASSAULT.—Frederick McCabe, 11, Leicester-street, was summoned for assaulting Joshua Blakemore, 16, Cartwright-street, on Monday afternoon.—Complainant said he met the defendant, who was drunk, in the street. He was using filthy language and was about to assault a young man when witness intervened. Defendant butted him violently, loosening some teeth and causing his face to swell.—Defendant expressed sorrow for what he had done and was ordered to pay the costs (3s. 6d.). AN UNFIINCED FLY-WIIREL.—The St. Helens Cable Company, Bank Quay, were summoned for committing a breach of the Factory and Workshops Act by neglect- ing to securely fence the flv-wheel and other parts of an engine.—Mr. A. Lewis, Chief Inspector of Factories for the district, prosecuted, and Mr. Edwin Peace, of Liverpool, defended. Mr. Lewis stated that on January 21st. Mr. Eatock, factory inspector, visited defendants works during the night, and was conducted over the premises by a foreman. He found amongst other pieces of machinery that were unfenced the engine mentioned in the summons. He called the foreman's attention to the engine and on January 25th, sent a circular to the firm pointing out the requirements of the Act and call- ing upon them to securely fence certain machinery, in- cluding the following wheel, crank itc., of the small engine in question.—Mr. Peace said he did not want to avoid any facts going to the bench, but the firm had no knowledge of the receipt of the circular—Continuing, Mr. Lewis stated that on January 29th, Mr. Eatock again inspected the factory and was accompanied by the manager. He called attention to the engine and left under the impression that the work would be done. When he paid a visit on March 3rd, along with himself (Mr. ILewis) the engine was still unfenced. It was stated that there had been changes at the works and a promise was given that the engine should be attended to. On September 9th they again went to the factory and to their surprise found the engine was unfenced. Having regard to the caution received by the firm, the promises made to carry out their obligations, and the serious nature of the neglect, the case was one that should be considered as very serious and not as a trivial or techni- cal offence.—Mr. Eatock gave evidence in support of this statement.—For the defence Mr. Place said it hail never been the firm's intention to avoid their obliga- tions under the Act. They had done work which amounted to many pounds in order to satisfy the inspector's requirements, and the fencing of the engine was a " flea bite" amongst it. In March there were changes in the management, and his instructions were that the matter was not brought before the firm until September 9th. They did not receive the circular on January 25th and in a second letter from the inspec- tor the engine was not specified. Immediately after the visit on September 9th the work was put in hand. Had it been within the knowledge of the company or of those responsible for the working of the firm that the inspector required the engine to be fenced, the matter would have received attention before.—Mr. Makinson, works maintenance manager, having given evidence, a fine of 20s. and costs (£1 lls.) was inflicted

===== 0002601_19041015_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.

An elderly man named Hugh Cowap was charged at the Daresbury Petty Sessions on Tuesday with having on the 9th October attempted to commit suicide by stabbing himself with a knife.—Thomas Barber, farm labourer, Dutton, said that on Sunday morning, October 9th, in consequence of something his little boy said to him he went into a field at Bartington, and there saw the prisoner lying face downwards in a ditch. He called to him but there was no answer. A man named William • Savage assisted him to lift the prisoser out of the ditch, and a policeman was sent for.—P.C. Charles Nicholls, stationed at Whitley, said he examined prisoner and found a cut in his throat and a punctured wound on the left breast. Neither was deep or dangerous. He asked the prisoner who had cut him, and he replied "Myself.' He found two knives, one a clasp knife and one a shoe- maker's knife. The prisoner said to. him " I wish I had finished myself. I am better dead than alive." The old man, who was removed to Dutton Hospital, had been in the Workhouse off and on for six or seven years. —Dr. Selby said Cowap knew perfectly well what he had done. He used to be a doorkeeper at the Work- house. He had been studying." Pearson's Weekly," and working out puzzles, and Cowan said that that "had turned his head a little bit." He had promised witness never to repeat the offence.—Prisoner was discharged on the understanding that he would go back to the Work- house.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
FRACAS ON THE FOOTBALL FIELD.

_ A sequel to the Warrington anff Runcorn match en- gaged the attention of the magistrates at the Borough Police Court on Monday. Two brothers named Patrick Ward, 24, Dolman's lane, and Peter Ward,4, Litherland's yard, were charged with having been drunk and dis- orderly on the Warrington Football Field on Saturday afternoon. They pleaded guilty. Patrick was also charged with assaulting Sergeant Smith and Constable Hughes, and Peter with assaulting Constable Sweeney. —The Chief Constable stated that the Case arose out of the Warrington and Runcorn football match. The Warrington Club, he might say,went to considerable ex- pense in engaging special constables to keep order and restrict the patrons of the game to their proper portions of the ground. One trouble was that certain spectators on the popular side would persist, when the match was over, in jumping the fence, and run- ning across the field. What they gained by it was difficult to say, but the Football Club suffered in the turf being damaged, and rendered almost unfit for play. The police, therefore, received special instructions to prevent that sort of thing. The man Peter was in an advanced state of drunkenness, pnd when spoken to by P.C. Sweeney about being on the turf he threw off his coat and vest and dashed at the officer. assaulting him violently. The other officers came up and were also assaulted. Patrick also joined in the fray and endeavoured to make footballs of the police. However, he was not so bad as the other pri- soner, who lashed out right and left. Of course, a very large crowd gathered, and one of the spectators who endeavoured to assist the police received a violent kick. He might say he had received a letter from a citizen giving a version of the occurrence. but he had informed him that if he had anything to say in the case the better course woule be to come and give evidence.—The Chief Constable's statement was borne out by the police officers mentioned and Mr. Thomas Locker, a mem- ber of the Warrington Football Club Committee. Mr. Locker stated that he was on the stand and saw one of the prisoners engaged with the police. The ground had been damaged by people walking about it, and instructions had been given to the police to prevent it, if possible.—Superintendent Monaghan said both the prisoners were drunk when brought to the police station, though he had seen them in a worse condition.—Patrick Ward said he had only had one pint on the field and had been teetotal previously for two months.—Peter Ward inquired how it was, if the offence was so serious, none of the Football Club officials had come forward to give evidence. He admitted that when he got drink he lost his head .—The Chief Constable stated that both prisoners had bad records, having been convicted many times.— Patrick Ward was sent to gaol for one month and Peter for two months.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

Minor Cases.

SATußDAY.—Before_ Messrs. T. Birchall, (in the chair)

R. T. Fairclough and J. W. Hayiviod.. WINDOW S3l ASHING.—Thomas Ellison who lodges at 2 Ship Yard, was charged with wilfully breaking a pane Of glass at a lodging house fin Ship yard, and doing damage to the amount of sixpence.—Mary Rogerson, wife of William Rogerson, lodging-house keeper, said she was obliged to put Ellison out of the house owing to his misconduct. He then deliberately broke a window with his hand.—The magistrates fined Ellison ss. with the option of seven days' imprisonment. MONDAY.—Before the Mayor, (Alderman Bolton) Alder- man Smethurst, Councillors Tinnion and Wilkinson, and Messrs. Birchall, J. W. Hayward, S. Wright, W. Roberts, E. Woods-and George Pilling. WIFE ASSAULTED BY A DRUNKEN HUSBAND.— William Fumival Ellison, sawyer, Mill-yard, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Mill yard on Sa irday night, and committing an aggravated assault up, his wife.—Tnspector Taylor said he was in company NN Sergeant Hollingworth, when he heard screams. He saw the prisoner's wife with a child in her arms. The prisoner was drunk and using bad lan- guage to her. He then became very violent smashed some of the things in the house, and assaulted his wife.—The wife said she had been married 12 years. Her husband went out on

_ - Do You LIKE CuKE? Ta9a Way in' et its ma ch as -you want? KEENORA prepared Cake Four makes cake-making easy and economical; and the cakes are delicious! Try the flour at our cost; we send you a tree Alb. packet on receipt of 2d. stamps for postage. Directions for making cakes are enclosed with each packet. All grocers sellKeenora Cake Flo ur. Keenora Co. 38, Sir Thom as-street, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LEADING FOOD BEVERAGE.

Don't over-rate your powers of endurance. Take due precautions and face the world with the comforting assurance that you will be able to stand the strain. What you really need to do this effectually is a beverage at once refreshing, pleasant to the palate, and strengthen- ing to both mind and body. Such a food beverage is Dr.Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa. It has made happy many a home which otherwise to-day would have been wretched, and the ultimate effects of which it is impossible to foresee. For breakfast, dinner, supper—indeed at any hour of the twenty-four—Dr. Tibbles'Vi-Cocoa will lbe found light and refreshing ; it leads the way among all bever- ages, and nothing can equal it.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PETER'S CHURCH.

Annual Sale of Work.

The annual sale of work in connection with St. Peter's Church was opened in the schoolroom, John-street, on Thursday afternoon by Lady Greenall. The room looked bright and attractive and the stalls which were neatly arranged, were in charge of the following :Vicarage stall, Mesdames Percival, Joseph Taylor, John Taylor, James Greaves, Hebbs, East and Juson, and Miss Young ; refreshment stall, Mesdames Balmforth., Lingley, Webster, Skelland, Stanley and Burdett; tea- room, Mrs. F. Webster, Misses Barlow and Stanley; sweet stall, Misses Hughes and Percival ; flower stall Mr. and Mrs. Clayton, Miss Boardman and Miss Webster; advertisement stall, Mrs. Cowdell, Mrs. Wilkinson, and Mr, Kay; bran pie, Misses Juson and , Dunn. There was a good attendance at the opening ceremony and the Vicar (Rev. B. Percival) who presided, took the opportunity of heartily thanking all who had con- tributed in any way towards the sale. They had a great number of friends outside the parish who lent them valuable help, and he was exceedingly grateful to all who had endeavoured to make the sale a success. The parish was a very poor one, composed.. entirely of working people, and he was sorry to say work had not been very good for a long time. Perhaps that would account for the fact that their funds were rather short this year. The two main objects they had to support were the curate's fund and the lay workers' (Church. Army) fund. They were responsible for £B5 a year for those funds after receiving grants. Last year he gave £77 of the sale of work proceeds to the curate's fund, £l5 to the Church Army Captain's fund, £l5 to the church wardens for special church repairs, and £7 145., to the fund for ex- tending the boundary wall. Their needs this year were no less, for they had still the curate's and lay workers' funds to .support. Then agaiu as the parish grew organizations had to be increased, and money was re- quired to maintain them. He would therefore be glad of all the help that could possibly be given. Lady GREENALL, who had a cordial reception, alluded to the increase of organizations. They were, she said, a continual source of anxiety to those connected with them, because she was afraid that in many cases the funds did not grow correspondingly with the organiza- tions. She hoped the bazaar would raise sufficient to enable their parish organizations to be carried on successfully and that there would be no debt left on! them whatever. (Applause.) On the motion of Mr. JOSEPH TAYLOR seconded by I Mr. KAY a vote of thanks was accorded to Lady r Greenall and the sale commenced.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, Octobr 15, 1904.

Warrington P.S.A. To inaugurate the new session an op.id meeting was held on Sunday and was well attended. Mr. O'Brien presided. Master Tom Barton's juvenile string band rendered the selection "Titania ".and the intermezzo "Forget-me-not" in a praiseworthy manner Mr. George Hunter addressel the meeting on "Education." Local Magistrate Pays Fines. At Leigh, on Monday, William Kirkham and Thomas Jones were each fined ss. and casts for removing pigs from Culcheth without a permit. The thfendants told a constable they did not know a de- claration was necessary. Captain Withington, who presided over the bench and inflicted the fines, said he sold the pigs, and would therefore, himself pay the fines, which amounted to 16s 6d. Warrington Motorist Fined. At Daresbury Petty Sessions on Tuesday William Henry Eggington, Lovely-lane, Warrington,was sum- moned for having on the 4th September, at Stretton, used a motor cycle without a licence from the Inland Revenue author ities. The defendant did not appear. The case was proved by Mr. D. Ross, on behalf of the Inland Revenue, and it was stated that this was the first case of the kind which had been brought under the notice of the Bench in this district.— k. fine of 30s. was imposed. GREAT SALE OF BOOT'S AND SHOES now On UNDER THE CLOCK.—Advt. Cemetery Howling Club Handicap. On Saturday the Warrington Cemetery Club can eluded the closing handicap of the season and some close games were witnessed. The winners were: —l, W. Hill; 2, W. 13utterworth ; 3, E. Taylor; 4, J. Berry; 5, W. Swanton; 6, A. Ball; 7, T. Hum phreys; 8, S. Ball; 9, R. Young; 10, C. Newton; 11, H. Newton; and 12, A. Peters. Consolation winners: 1, T. Bolton; 2, R. Rothwell ; 3, J. Hewitt; 4, F. Haslam ; 5, J. T. Whittle; 6, J. Wood; 7, J. Wells; 8, G. Holbrook; 9, A. Templeton. The prizes will be distributed in about a month.

A Conscientious Objector. At the Borough Police Court, on Saturday morning, Mr. William Clatworthy. Lovely-lane, applied for a certificate exempting his child from vaccinatio n. After some argument between magistrates and appli- cant, Mr. Birchall (presiding) asked: Have you a conscientious objection and believe vaccination would be prejudicial to the health of your child ? Applicant: I have a deeply conscientious objection. —Mr. Birchall: Then that is what the law says and the certificate will be granted. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the XING OP TONICS. I 63. SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. Local Vocalist's Success. At the Blackpool Musical Festival last Friday, Miss Carrie Hastings, pupil of Mrs. Arthur Booth, War- rington, won the first prize in the open competition for girls under 16. Dr. McNaught in his adjudication said Miss Hastings had a beautifully sweet voice, even in all its register, and her rendering of Mozart's song "Say ye who borrow" was most sympathetic. He felt that the song came right from the singer's heart and entered into his own. Miss Hastings gained 74 marks out of a possible 80, and when she sang at the evening concert met with a most enthusiastic reception. The Marquis of Granby Licence. At the Borough Police Court on Monday, Mr. Steel appeared on ber alf of Mr. Frank J. Whittle, and I applied for temporary authority to sell at the Marquis of G ranby, Church-street, until the next Licensing Sessions, in place of Mr. Whittle's mother, who died a short time ago. During his mother's illness, Mr. , Whittle had charge of the business.—The Chief Con- ' stable said he had received a number of god testi- monials relating .to Mr. Whittle, but he did not think it necessary to read them, as the applicant was well known. —Mr. Birchall, who presided in the temporary , absence of the Mayor, who took no part in the I application, said temporary authority would be granted. FIRE GRATES of every description.—J. S. GAR , LAND, Furnishing . Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warm gi (sn.— Advt. A Sutton Weaver Lady's Death. We regret to announce the sudden death of Mrs. Stormont, of Brook Vale, Sutton Weaver, Warrington, at the Elms, Tillicoultry, Stirling, on the 6th inst. The deceased lady, with •a daughter, had been in Scotland for some time visiting relatives. She was taken suddenly ill at the home of her youngest brother, Mr. Gilbert Paterson. It wa s found necessary to have an operation at once. This was performed by Sir Hector Cameron' of Glasgow, and Dr. Currie, of Tillicoultry. She rallied for a short time, and then sank quietly away about an hour before her husband arrived. Her body was brought home the next day by her brother, and interred in the family grave at Aston on Saturday. Much sympathy is felt with the family of the deceased lady, who was 'universally bc, loved and respected. FOR CLASS AND CHINA of every description try J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street. Warrineton.—Adv+— Warrington's Only Blacklister. John Wilfrid Delooze, a plasterer, who has gained I the notoriety of being Warrington's only blacklister, again appeared before the magistrates on Monday, charged with being drunk and disorderly in Orford street on Saturday night.—P.C. Bennett proved the case.—The Mayor said it did not seem to do the prisoner any good,being placed on the black list.—The Chief Constable said he did not think whatever colour the list was, it would keep the prisoner off the beer.— Mr. William Roberts said perhaps the prisoner could tell them how he got the drink—The Chief Constable: Does it suggest itself to you that there would be the slightest difficulty in getting drink ?—The Mayor (to prisoner) : What do you do in prison when you have no beer ?—Prisoner: Sup water. (Laughter).—The Mayor said the Bench had decided to go back to the old fine, and prisoner would be fined ss. and costs. GREAT SALE OF BOOTS AND SHOES now on UNDER THE CLOCK.—Advt.

Protecting the Children. The Warrington branch of the National Society for the prevention of cruelty to children, (local office 34 Parker street, Warrington), has during the • quarter ended 30th September, plaints of neglect, ill-treatment and other wrongs of childhood, of which all were dealt with, having been found to be true. 176 children were effected in the cases. There:were 80 offenders; of these 3 were prosecuted one of whom was convicted 74 were warned, and 2 were dealt with in other ways. The penalties inflicted were one month ; of imprisonment 2 of the children died. The society's in- spector made 324 visits of supervision. Mr. W. D. Jeans is the local hon. secretary. The Warrington Branch extends to Earlestown, Newton-le-Willows Golborne, Penketh. and Burtonwood. Inspecto, Hackett will be pleased to receive gifts of clothing tr be distributed to the deserving poor. The approaco of the winter makes the rreed for a good supply oh garment* all the greater. GREA.T SALE OF BOOTS AND SHOES now on UNDER THE CLOCK.—A4Vt. The Claims of the S.P.G.

The Bishop of Madagascar, who on Monday even- ing was shouted down at Liverpool, because he wore a large cross on his breast, received a cordial welcome and an appreciative hearing in the Parr Hall on Tues- day evening, when he addressed the annual meeting of the Warrington Branch of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in foreign parts. The pro- ceedings were presided over by Councillor W. J. For- shaw and he was supported on the platform by the Rector and most of the local clergy. A. united choir drawn from the various churches led the singing under the conductorship of Mr. Percy .Randall.—The Chairman said that to carry the Gospel to the heathen must be a very difficult and arduous work and deserved the earnest support and encouragement of all true Christians. Many missionaries connected with the society who were sent out into heathen lands to preach the Gospel, the true life, and the way to gain eternal happiness, ran very great risk, and they, as Christians, ought to sacrifice something in order to render to the.S.P.G. some financial aid and assistance. —The Bishop of Madagascar said .he was glad the church in Warrington took this missionary work very seriously. In an interesting account of mission work in the diocese of Madagascar his lordship said the number of native church communicants there was 3,000, and they had also ten native priests. Successful efforts were being made to improve the standard of the native teachers, and progress was. made not only in the spread of Christianity among the natives, but in the training of them in agriculture and handicrafts such as carpentry. The Bishop paid a tribute to the impartiality of the French authorities in their attitude I towards the Roman Catholic and Protestant missions in Madagascar.--An address was also delivered by the Rev. F. J. Taylor, who spoke upon the work of the society in India. England .he said, had done a great deal to improve the condition of India, but its I work would not be finished until it had given the ,people Christ.—A collection taken on behalf of the I society's funds realised :SS 10s. Gd.

that they were unable to allow him to become the labour candidate for Warrington. it is not within our province to report to you what has been done since that reply was received, but the question will no doubt be dealt with when the annual report of the Labour Representation Committee is presented to us. Your council still continues its affiliation to the National Labour Representation Committee, which has now be- come firmly established. Its policy of independence has been subject to severe criticism during recent months,,both from the public platform and through the press. Judging from thei character of the criticisms which have appeared from time to time from irrespon- sible correspondents in the local press we are led to believe that the Labour Representation Committee is either little understood, or that the cnrrespondents .re- ferred to have indulged in deliberate misrepresentation. During the year the .Independent Labour Party have been successful in having three of their members elected to public positions.—Mr. F. Stottlto the Warrington Town Council,Mrs.Wilkinson to the Board of Guardians and IVlr.James Ball to the position of Elective Auditor. We trust that before our next annual meeting there will be an increase in the number of direct labour repre- sentatives on our local governing bodies.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL.

Annual Meeting and Election of Officers.

MR. PLINSTON AND THE " ADVANCED " INFLUENCE.-STRONG COMMENTS.

The annual meeting of this Council was held in Bold- street Wesleyan Schools on Tuesday evening, under the presidency of Mr. J. Podmore, junr.

THE ELECTIONS.

Mr. 0. BUCKLEY wrote acknowledging the Council's invitation to contest a ward at the forthcoming municipal elections. He was sorry to say that his posi- tion would preclude him from accepting it at the present time. ANNUAL REPORT. CORPORATION CONTRACTS, FISCAL POLICY AND EDUCATION QUESTIONS. " MISREPRESENTATIONS " CORRECTED.

The SECRETARY (Councillor Fred Stott) sub- mitted the twenty-ninth annual report as follows : There is little change to report in the constitution of the Council as compared with last year. The Wire- weavers and Filesmiths Associations have become defunct, the former as a result of the lengthy dispute which was referred to in our last report, and the latter association having disbanded some months ago, owing to the fact that there were no prospects of gaining new members, there being practically no young men coming into the trade as apprentices. The Warrington Branch of 'tailors not having been represented at any meetings held during the year, it becomes necessary to remove their name from the list of affiliated societies. We deplore the loss of these branches, as they have been members for a considerable number of years. No ex- p:anation has been given of the absence of the tailors representatives, and we trust that their secession will be only temporary. The additions to the Council are the Postmen's Federation, and the Bewsey Ironworkers, which have resulted in an increase of seventy in our membership during the year. There are yet several important branches which are not affiliated, and we trust that each delegate will do his utmost during the ensuing year to try and prevail upon these organisations to join us, so that the Council may become representa- tive of the whole of the trade unionists in Warrington. Owing to pressure of work, your secretary has been unable during the past year to devote the necessary time to the work of organization, but he hopes, with the assistance of the delegates to take in hand this most important work during the year now entered upon. .

===== 0002601_19041015_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADES HALL.

The question of building a Trades Hall has been abandoned for the present owing to lack of support by the affiliated members. We are however, of an opinion that a Trades Hall would be of considerable value as a centre where the various trade union organisations could meet, instead of as at present holding their meet- ingslin various parts of the town,in the majority of cases licensed premises. IVlany of the branch meeting rooms are utterly unsuitable, and cannot be either individually or collectively beneficial to the members.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
CONDITION OF TRADE.

We regret to have to report that trade during the year has continued to be bad, and there is little prospect of any immediate improvement. The local building industries have suffered considerably owing to lack of employment, and the percentage of unemployed has been greater than for many years past. There is every pros- pect of a bad winter as far as empldyment in the build- ing trades is concerned. Some slight improvement has taken place in the iron and cotton industries, which we trust will be permanent, but employment in the engineering and wire drawing trades continues very unsatisfactory. We cannot expect any improvement in the latter industry until a more settled frstate of affairs exists regarding the working conditions. From the Board of Trade returns we find that the proportion of unemployed has shown a steady increase until at the present time, there is a greater percentage of unemployed members of trade unions than there has been for a considerable number of years. The prospects for the coming winter are not very bright, and we trust ,that steps will be taken to provide temporary employ- ment for some of those who are in need of it. The question of providing work for the unemployed is a difficult one and requires careful consideration. We venture to suggest that a conference should be held composed of representatives from the Town Council, Board of Guardians, Chamber of Commerce, and the Trades and Labour Council for the purposo of discussing the question of providing temporary work for unemployed Warrington citizens. If such a conference as suggested was not as successful as we would wish, we believe that a consideration of this question could not be other than beneficial.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
DISPUTES.

We are pleased to report that during the year no serious dispute has taken place in any of the large industries in Warrington. Two small branches of trade, however, have been engaged in disputes with their employers. The skip and basket makers were engaged in a dispute with one of their employers for many months, at a great financial cost to the men's union. We are enabled to report that the dispute was settled in such a way that there was apparently little dissatis- faction at the terms of settlement on either side. The dispute in the Flint glass trade was of short duratior, except in one instance where the employer refused to agree to the terms of settlement accepted by the other employers. Several months having elapsed since that occurred, and no report having come to hand, we are unable to state whether a settlement has yet been arrived at, and the whole of the men re-instated.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
CORPORATION CONTRACTS.

The question of Corporation contracts has again been considered by your Council during the year. With regard to the penalty clause in the new fair wage Standing Orders, your Council endeavoured to meet the views of the Town Council by reducing the number of years to two, but we regret that the clause was again rejected at the Town Council meeting. We trust how- ever that they will accept a clause with a penalty suffi- ciently severe to prevent contractors from breaking the terms of a contract. It is our firm opinion that if the new Standing Orders are administered by the Coun- cil as they should be, much of the dissatisfaction which has existed in past years will be avoided.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
APPOINTMENT OF MAGISTRATES.

A considerable addition having been recently made to the local magistrates' bench, an effort was made by your Council to secure the appointment of workingmen representatives. Unfortunately we were too late in making application to the Chancellor of the Duchy. We trust that when the next addition is made to the magistrates' bench your Council will be successful in securing the appointment of some of its ilominees.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
MUNICIPAL BOWLING GREEN.

It is with much pleasure we are able to report that a municipal bowling green has at last been provided. Your Council is to be congratulated on the share which was taken in the agitation for municipal greens, and we trust that the one provided will be successfnl so that other districts may have the same facilities granted to them.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION.

_ Mr. Edwin Plinston, your representative on the Edu- cation Committee, at the April meeting, gave an inter: sting report of his first year's work which met with the unanimous approval of the delegates present.lt does not appear to be well-known amongst the working-classes, that they can claim elementary education for their children, or there would certainly be more applications made for the privilege to which they are justly entitled under the Act. Your Council expressed them- selves in favour of all the public elementary schools in the Borough being made free. The only objection which appears to be raised against this being done, is that it would result in an increase of rates of lid. in the R. I EMPLOYMENT OF CHILDREN A. ACT 1903.

It will not be out of place to draw attention to the fact that during the year byelaws 'Nave been framed under4he Act by the Town Council. Warrington was the first town to have bye-laws sactioned. We venture to predict that the prevention of un-restricted street trading by children will have a. beneficial effect.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
LABOUR REPRESENTATION.

Since our last report the Warrington Labour Repre- sentation Committee has made steady growth. After the successful Labour Demonstration which was held in October last, a conference of trade union and social- ist:organisations was convened for the purpose of con- sidering the advisability of securing a labour candidate for,Warrington. The delegates list3ned to an address from Mr. Alexander Wilkie of Newcastle after which a resolution was unanimously carried inviting him to become the labour candidate for this constituency. The invitation was sent to Mr. Wilkie's Committee, but We regret that, after some delay, they replied stating

. . ; 1141/si . . 'At A

===== 0002601_19041015_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADE UNION BILL.

With the objeci—Wies-tO-ring—the. status of trade unions a Bill has been introduced in the House of Commons during the year by Mr. D. Shackleton; M.P. The second reading took place on April 22nd, and was carried by a majority of thirty-nine. We consider it our duty to draw your attention to the fact that our local Member of Parliament, Mr. Robert Pierpoint, M.P., voted with.phe minority against the second read- ing. In our opinion the Bill was not carried because the House of Commons approved of it, but because a number of its opponents stayed away from the House, and many of those present Who voted for it, knew the Bill would be blocked, and prevented from making further progress. In the meantime the Courts continue to give decisions contrary Ito the Trade Union Acts passed by Parliament thirty years ago. We must not therefore, expect to have any satisfactory amendment of the law until the House of Commons contains many more labour representatives than there are at the present time. We trust that after the next election there will be a strong "Labour group" independent of either political party, but prepared to work with, or oppose any party as circumstances demand. It will then be difficult for the House of Commons, no matter which party is in power, to refuse to pass a Bill on the lines of the one introduced during last session.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
CHINESE LABOUR.

Another important question which has received the serious consideration of your Council is the importation of Chinese coolies into the Transvaal. The proposals were unanimously condemned by the Council when the Ordinance was being framed, and at a public meeting held in the Co-operative Hall, a strongly-worded letter of protest was carried unanimously. We consider it to be both a danger and a disgrace to introduce yellow labour into the South African mines, tinder such obnoxious conditions. The Chinese have been introduced to " blackleg " the Kaffirs who refused to work for a considerably less rate of wages than they had been receiving previous to the war. We venture the opinion that there was no necessity to import Chinese labour, believing that sufficient white and' Kaffir labour would have been forthcoming if reasonable wages had been offered, and which judging from the returns of dividends, could have been well afforded.

"FISCAL REFORM."

Your Council cannot yet see any reason for a change in their opinions regarding the question of Fiscal Reform advocated by Mr. Joseph Chamberlain M.P., and his friends. The proposals have been almost unani- mously condemned by the Trades Union Congress, the National Labour Representation Committee, and the Lancashire and Cheshire Federation of Trades and tabour Councils. For many months, the question has been very little in evidence, but with the advent of autumn we may expect it to be resurrected, and the old arguments re-hashed by the leaders of the movement. Believing as we do in "Free Trade "as a policy, still we are not satisfied with the present conditions under which we live, when it has been authoritatively stated that over twelve millions of people are on the verge of starvation. We are prepared to resist most strongly a tax on our food stuffs, and deny the statement that "an increase in the cost of living well result in a pro- portionate increase in our wages." We believe in "pro- tection " but not the protection advocated by the Tariff Reform League. We require proteation from the land- lord, the railway director, and the extractor of mining and mineral royalties and this can be accomplished by the nationalisation of the land, railways, and mines. Mr. PLINSTON moved the adop‘ion of the report, and coupled with his proposal a vote of thanks to the Secre- tary. He was, he said, exceedingly pleased in reviewing the work of the year to find that the Council had undoubtedly done a great deal of good. They could show the public that they had taken questions in hand and worked them out satisfactorily not only for the benefit of the working-classes but, he believed, of the whole of Warrington. Mr. Plinston alluded in com- plimentary terms to the work of Mr. J. Ball, elective auditor, who, he considered, had proved himself one of the best officials in Warrington. (Hear, hear.) He was delighted to think that a workingman could be found sufficiently capable to discharge the duties, and with sufficient courage to support his convictions. The report Mr. Ball contributed to the local Press was a remarkably good one,and he thought the Council might hope to be able to convince the town by further repre- sentation that trade unionists were able to deal satis- factorily with matters requiring attention. (Hear, hear.) _

The motion was agreed to, and Councillor STOTT re- turned thanks.

THE FINANCES.

Mr. RATHBONE submitted the balance sheet which showed an income of £33 10s. After paying expenses there was a credit balance of £2 7s. 2d.

Mr. YORKE commented upon the satisfactory way in which the accounts were kept. The balance sheet was adopted. ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

Three candidates'were nominated for the presidency— Messrs. J. Podmore. (retiring president), E. Plinston and W. Yorke—and the voting resulted in the re-election of Mr. Podmore. Mr. T. Plumb was elected vice-president, Mr. A. Warburton, treasurer (uuopposed), and Mr. F. Stott, secretary (unopposed). The following were elected members of the Executive Committee :—Messrs. 0. Buckley, A. Jolley, E. Plinston, T. Plumb and Bullock, Messrs. 0. Buckley and F. Stott were appointed dele- gates to the Labour Representation Committee, but Councillor Stott expressed a desire to be relieved of the duties and the appointment of another representative will be considered at the next meeting. Councillor Stott was re-elected delegate to the Lancashire and Cheshire Federation of Trades and Labour Councils. MR. PLLNSTON AND 1` ADV,ANCED " INFLUENCE.

Mr7P-LIN-S-TO-14- Was nominated for +he vice-presidency but received only eleven votes as against thirteen for Mr. T. Plumb who was therefore elected. When the figures were announced Mr. Plinston congratulated Mr. Plumb upon his election. At the same time, he pointed out that t the delegates had taken an unusual course in rejecting him (Mr. Plinston) after he had served for a year as vice-president. He took their action as typical of what had, unfortunately, been taking place in the Council for some time—that any man who did not see with and belong to the advanced portion of the Council was not considered worthy of occupying an office. That was not the policy that would lead to a success- ful future of the Trades Council. Whatever opinions members had outside the Council, they ought not to dominate the working of the Council. A person had a right to belong to the Independent Labour Party or any other organization, but if he did not identify himself with the advanced section it was not sufficient justification for a vote of want of confidence—and the action of the Council amounted to that. He had for some time felt his presence was not as acceptable to the members as it used to be. People might think he had erred in one respect, but he would not enter into that matter although he would be able to prove that he simply acted according to the dictates of his society. He had always tried to the best of his ability to carry on the work of the Council as a Trade Council representative of the workers, and he took it that the members' want of confidence in him was simply and solely owing to the fact that he did not belong to a section who were more advanced in their opinions than he happened to be. Mr. YORKE did not think Mr. Plinston was doing himself justice. He for one, and he was sure many others, would like to hear Mr. Plinston's version of one affair that he had hinted at.

Mr. BUCKLEY thought that the matter was entirely out of order. The very fact that Mr. Plinston had come within two votes of the successful candidate showed there was confidence in him on the part of some dele- gates. Mr. PLDISTON : That I admit. A DELEGATE considered it childish for Mr. Plinston to raise objections after he had been defeated.

The CHAIRMAN 'said Mr. Plinston had taken the matter in the wrong light. Mr. Plinston's position on the Education Committee showed that the Council had every confidence in him. (Hear,hear.) Further discus- sion would be out of order.

The matter then dropped. _ A VOTE OF SYMPATHY. _

On the motion-oi-t-h-e CHAIRMAN, -seconded by Mr. PLINSTOIi, and supported by Mr. YORKE, the Council passed a vote of sympathy with Mr. J. Edwardson, ex- president, who is recovering from a long and serious illness. Reference was made to the earnestness and enthusiasm which Mr. Edwardson threw into trade union work during the period in which he held office. _

LABOUR REPRESENTATION. WHAT IS BEING DONE IN REGARD TO PARLIAMENTARY

AND MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.

Mr. BucKLEir reported upon the most important matters which had engaged the attention of the Labour Representation Committee during the month. For a long time, he said, they had been in negotiatiln with a society regarding a Labour candidate for the Borough. A certain gentleman had visited the local committee and the members had expressed their confidence in him. If calledlupon he would be willing to contest theßorough even if there was a three-cornered fight. The Executive Committee of that gentleman's society had been approached, but satisfactory terms could not be arranged. At the last meeting of the Labour Representation Committee a letter was submitted,and in consequence it was decided to end the negotiations with the society. The com- mittee had not, however, entirely dropped the matter and directly the municipal elections were over it woul4 be further considered. With regard to the municipal elections the majority of the societies affiliated with the committee were in favour of contesting the elections, and it was decided, with two dissentients, to bring forward labour candidates. The selections of wards and candidates was proceeded with, and it was agreed as a preliminary to bring forward Mr. Wright, who was nominated by the Independent Labour Party and re- presented the Wiredrawers' Association on the Com- mittee, as the candidate for Bewsey Ward bye-election. Mr. Buckley concluded by asking the Council to do all they could to secure adequate labour representation remarking that in Warrington the iron was hot and only needed striking. Councillor STOTT pointed out that it was never the intention of the Labour Representation Committee to invite a gentleman to contest Warrington on behalf of Labour. They weresnot prepared to take that responsi- bility. It was intended to hold a public demonstration to be addressed by the prospective candidate and after- wards the trade union branches would be invited to meet in conference with the other affiliated societies and decide whether the gentleman should be brought forward.

Mr. SMITH denied that Mr. Thomas Wright repre- sented the Wiredrawers' Association on the Labour Representation Committee.

The CHMRMAN saia-Yfrr-Wright represented a large number of the Association mills, but he did not actually represent the Association. In the course of further discussion Mr. Buckley said no preference had been shown to the Independent Labour Party in chosing candidates.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
CORPORATION CONTRACTS.

- _ The fair wage standing orders were again under con- sideration, and it was pointed out that the penalty clause had been rejected by the Town Council. Mr. PLINSTON said the result of the adoption of the standing orders had been an increase of wage to some carters. _ .

The CHAIRMAN said it was untrue to state that the clauses were aimed at respectable people. Their object was that respectable employers should have the prefef- ence. (Hear, hear.) Many members of the Council said trade ought to be kept in town, and he considered they would best serve that end by having a large num- ber of work people properly paid. There were close on 3,000 trade unionists :in Warrington and most of them were responsible householders and voters. Mr. JOLLEY thought the penalty dlause should be made a test question at the elections. The suggestion that candidates should he asked to state their views on the clause appeared to meet with general approval, and the re-framing of the clause was left in the hands of the secretary.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
A SON SUES HIS MOTHER.

Action at the Warrington County Court.

REMARKABLE REVELATIONS.

Before his Honour, Judge Bowen Rowlands, K.C., and a jut& at the Warrington County Court on Thursday, Albert John Wood, of Haydock, claimed £25 damages against Gabriel Moon, auctioneer, Earlestown, for alleged illegal distress. Mrs. Sumner was brought in as a third party. Mr. Browne represented the plaintiff, Mr. E. A. White, the defendant, and Mr. Griffiths, barrister, Liverpool (instructed by Mr. R. W. Thomas, St Helens) appeared for Mrs. Sumner. Mr. Griffiths explained that there was no dispute between the second and third parties. Mr. Browne: It resolves itself into a dispute between the first and third parties. His Honour: Second class is abolished. (Laughter) Mr. Browne, addressing the jury, said the plaintiff was a traction engine driver for the Warrington and District Threshing Machine Company Limited, and the defendant was Mr. Gabriel Moon, an auctioneer at Earlestown, who had brought in a third party, named Mrs. Sumner, the plaintiff's mother, who was a farmer and threshing machine proprietor at Haydock. The point at issue was whether a cottage occupied by the plaintiff was to be rent free together with his wages, or whether he had to pay his mother rent for it. Unfortunately there was a dispute between the son and his mother—the mother having married a second time. The plaintiff was employed by the St. Helens Corporation as the driver of a traction envie at 30s- per week. Mrs. Sumner told him that if he would come and look after her farm and her threshing machine she would not only give him 30s. a week, but she would also allow him to live in the cottage on the farm rent free. For some time he refused the offer, but subsequently he consented and gave up his work at St. Helens. He remained in her employment for two years. In the meantime, Mrs. Sumner got a separation from her husband, but she subsequently took him back again. The plaintiff entered into an agreement to purchase the threshing machine and a dispute had arisen in regard to it. An action was pending in the Palatine Chancery Court respecting the agreement and the plaintiff found it was impossible to continue in Mrs. Sumner's employ. Shortly after the action had been entered, to the astonishment of the plaintiff, Mr. Gabriel Moon' auctioneer, destrained on the plaintiff's goods for 34 weeks rent at 38. a week. Mr. Moon was told that no rent had been paid by the plaintiff and he asked the two parties if they could not settle the matter. Mr. Moon also came to Warrington and saw him (Mr. Browne) who wrote him that he had never paid or agreed tolpay any rent for the cottage Mr. Moon very properly took:the precaution of coming out of possession' but a few days afterwards he came again stating that he had had a letter from Mrs. Sumner's solictors, telling him that the distress must go on. Acting on the advice of himself (Mr. Browne) the plaintiff paid 4s. under protest. The families had got across but in this case the plaintiff had been wrong- fully distrained upon. The plaintiff had never been asked for rent and had never paid a single penny. Until the action was started in the Palatine Court not a single word was heard about it. The distraint for rent had injured the plaintiff's reputation and he was entitled to damages. Albert John Wood, the plaintiff corroborated Mr. Brown's statement.

Cross-examined by Mr. Griffiths plaintiff denied that he had ever received a rent book or that he had burnt two rent books.

A portion of a rent book was handed up to the plaintiff but he denied having seen it before. His Honour scrutinised it and said there was no name on it or anything to identify it as belonging to the plaintiff. It might be Admiral Togo's rent book from all that one could glean from it. (Laughter). Sarah Ellen Wood, wife of the plaintiff, deposed that Mrs. Sumner told her that she could live in the cottage rent free if she would come. ___ _ . _ _

Mary Wood, wife of Thomas Wood (Rochester) stated that Mrs. Sumner informed her that she was going to get Albert to live at the cottage rent free and give him 30s. a week.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEFENCE.

Mr. Griffiths, addressing the jail:, said the issue was very simple. The issue was this—was Woodhouse cottage let to this man rent free or had he to pay rent for it? There was no doubt wages were paid irregularly

and that might be a reason why no furthur deductions had been made. Mrs. Sumner, of Callow Farm, stated that her sent Albert came on the farm through changing emploYntdelit with her son Tom, who took Albert's job under the,i_P"" Helens Corporation. The understanding was that Atuu:srit, was to occupy the cottage and pay 3s. 3d. rent per Nrev_A on condition she put a boiler in. The rent was stop Pa. out of Albert's wages. In January last, the plaintiv:: wife settled up for all the back rent and everything els:. owing. A book was given to her. The portion of Nob book produced contained witness's figuring. far Mr. Browne: And _yet you counter-claimed -- accounts owing at St. Helens County Court. Cross-examined; She allowed the 33 weeks to go without asking for rent in order that her son might sal up to buy a van to live in. Her husband was a gcl, husband to her but her son wanted to get him farm. Mr. Browne asked the witness whether she swore ill Newton Police Court that her husband had been glint! of persistent Cruelty towards her and obtained - separation order in consequence. Witness admitted that she did. Mr. Bro wne : Was that a lie? Mrs. Sumner: It was a lie (sensation). His Honour: Is *hat you are saying now a lie? Mrs. Sumner: No ;it is true. • t her His Honour : If a woman will tell a lie sgains .11 husband it is not much to be wondered at that she 1" tell a lie against her son. hat Sarah Jane Wood, sister of the plaintiff, stated t- f she kept the accounts for her mother. The portion er rent book produced was found in the cottage altnet Albert had left. She saw her brother burn two books and and he asked her to swear that he lived rent fr'.-ci In cross-examination by Mr. Browne, witness sat, she signed a document retaining him as solicitor ja action against her mother, but her brother, who w" drunk at the time forced her to sign it. His Honour said if that was so it should have been a stronger reason to her not to sign the document. t Mr. Griffiths said he had two or three vvitnesses to corroborate the statement of the previous witness as the burning of the rent books. His Hon nir said it was not necessary, that the James Sumner, wife of Mrs. Sumner, stated e rent of the cottage was to be 3s. 3d. a week and the was a settling up in January last. pate Christina Hannah Wood corroborated the statera-gi o as to the settling up in January for the rent. She - s saw her brother burn the rent books. His Honour: Then he was a very candid criral f It was almost atrocious, he said, that the gentleraen the jury should have been brought there to listen 1" evidence of such a loathsome and sordid character. dis, For the defepce, Mr. Griffiths asked the jury te The abuse their minds of this hideous family breach. only issue was whether the plaintiff had to paY rent or rent free. He contended that on the evidence P!'ci. duced, the plaintiff had paid rent at the rata of 3s• per week and was in arrears. that Mr. White thought if there was one person `e gr. unfortunate dispute who deserved sympathy it Irsti in Moon. The plaintiff and the third party had .191een for blessing Mr. Moon, but if any verdict were 7,"'lve-would the plaintiff it would be against Mr. Moon. iaLte„ht this have been only too glad to leave them to matter out for themselves. Mr. Moon had inadvel"-- re committed a technical offence, but he contended the e, ,had been no actual damage. If there was any daretig it was only nominal. hare His Honour, in summing up, said the jury must s with him the regret of everybody in court that tit".. case should ever have found its way into public hives; gation, and at certain stages of it they must have fette with him, strongly moved to feelings of disgust at 11, spirit manifested by some of those who were parties. the action or witnesses, and at the revelations era n:.,`1.". been made as to the family history of the parties. ges"re ever disagreeable their duty might be the jury Wtha there to do it, and the learned advocates had put eat issue before them as to whether the cottage was rtha free or 3s. 3d. per week. The jury had had opportunity not only of hearing the evilert.s but of seeing the manner in which-- it . given, and must base their decision on their nue"a'n ness and worldly experience. Mr. Moon was a Perth° above reproach and had acted under instructions in to matter but that was no reason why the verdict shboeea .not be given against him if they found he had just guilty of trespass. If therefore, they found agatioa Mr. Moon, Mr. Moon had his remedy against the Pe,„eat instructing him. His Honour proceeded to neln—wit- severely on the conduct of Mrs. Sumner and her egf- nesses in the box, stating that _\lrs. Sumner was confessed perjurer. ri The jury retired to consider their verdict all-,.;aid turned a verdict for the plaintiff for the £5 4s. r under protest and £5 damages and costs. His Honour said he quite agreed with the verdict. _d On the application of Mr. White,flis Honour allow! complete indemnity for all costs,to Mr. Moon alai° the third party.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILDREN THRWZ ON

Cwir • • , 0 lc 0A

"t. builds up muscle and bodily vigour in an unfailing way."—Country Life. "Heal/h" says—" Cadbury's is a food alike suitable for building up the growing body and repairing the waste incidental to all the processes of life." "Black and White" says—" Every mother who values her Children's health and good looks should give them Cadbury s Cocoa for breakfast." N.B.—Cocoa is strongest when pure, but if treated with alkali as in Dutch and some English cocoas a dark colouied article is produced, which appears stronger to the eye. Some doctors consider this addition of alkali to be injurious; it also destroys the delicate flavcur. This can be detected by comparing the scent when a tin of Cadburys Pure Cocoa and tin Of alkalied Cocoa are freshly opened.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
‘Mialm.....

===== 0002601_19041015_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
Presentation to Mr. A. H. Burgess.

On Friday evening Mr. A. H. Burgess, wils° is shortly to take up his new duties 3 d the representative of Messrs. Pearson 3,13 e w Knowles in Birmingham:‘ entertained 'ell members of the Bewsey Office staff at a fare re gathering in the Masonic Hall. The guests ere gathering by Mr. and Mrs. Burgess in the recePtltid room, the large room being set apart for music athe dancing. During the evening Mr. Burgess was f a recipient of a•handsome silver "loving cup beautiful old Irish design. Mr. Truslore, innl37-05 the presentation, referred to the harmonious relatic'iir. that had misted for so many years between (-41 Burgess and his colleagues, and said that alth°3;• they would all feel very keenly Ur. Burgess's dePhil s ture, they could not but congratulate him nP3,-11 J. new appointment. Mr. W. Mclntyre and Pickles both spoke in eulogistic terms of the scf,;,ll and business qualities of Mr. Burgess, and wished P-45 "God speed" in his new undertaking. Mr. Bnrgehy in responding, said he was very deeply touched to their great and unexpected kindness, and beggefdxlid thank them most heartily, on behalf of himsehti as Mrs. Burgess, for the delightful present, as ,ve'did for their kind expressions and good wishes. Ile jog' not, he said, look upon his departure from AVni,r-old ton as a severance from the old place, but s,e rather be considered as one of them, as, if he put it, be would still be "lighting under the old anoed During the intervals in the dances songs Vere Ascpld• rendered by Messrs. Price, Fieldhouse and Staltea Mr. R. H. Pearson and Mr. W. H. Payton contribt violin and piano duets.

.._ _ _ ~, ... w....... mop Ono . . , 1 .14.• , ) 13,c,„...... i ~ a 4 _

===== 0002601_19041015_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
tt,..

qu a cue °lf an o (at leas stroke i ,*as the °all to t )l,ine of "311, ac'( Side 11a, tr the the cue

aPart, t ball hai vc,ry s c;lll,se 4111 at I,liefher cloth. 1

oristan

it eotn---e-: With ti totttaet halt

tuG eue- -1/10 Seel Inf'a 11 the D 11.1 ways •

v.owlv Not c

t,aP.non

!riposit n

Wit::out

req.lz (sol2l{i I eat .to thee '311.17,- a

-16til

Whe-n- -ilatural

cksired flbieet b IfllleE a(Tva 4iterwa without _ba.ade 1.14

t 11- 611 -111 ore ti

"hetea...-4 ,Influenc 41ready little al ohances Comp Place oi thif; eh. Without te th, °all6 w often ai

(Mite eN With sible wi

A wide sPot 4ntral .7,11 d of t Znis in-c with ivo

Ding!. I)oeket, tral ii 27i in 11. ball with. et

ly e With ph the sidE °all 131 aced (though !able) ti With iv< 44.1,11.D055il stra 'With

uolv. int Docket ec'M hy

60 much Itlf of iv e: 41tetIs t With th :fi'okes 1111.0 w-o 1 13Paren ,114 objec 70e,srui ha: "kith o •ontact. " The 1: :41ot th( 11.01. v I- DI, ' dYers

AMimmaglL-

===== 0002601_19041015_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
"

er )voleri" ;fie st• Alberit, We top ,intiff s ng els? Df rent

, go 1)1 it SX/rei i goos. Off the

d tbst •o of ,ei:fter 0 relit frel.3ci is Sal r 10 tal

dl. 5.. The eat or co 10°- 3s.

o that Mr. led 1° for it t 11.1", den., there aniage'

;epo°s 111,11; as , of

===== 0002601_19041015_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS. TiiE STROKES OF THE GAME.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
11.X.Sea

[COPYR.IGH T.]

SlDE.—continued.

ill an earlier article I stated that running side tn a cue ball does not cause the ball to be thrown ‘itt an object ball at a wider angle of deflection (at least not appreciably so) than when the qroke is played without any side, but that it s the nap of the cloth which pulled the cue o.all to the right or left of the ordinary half-ball ,liae of deflection, after contact with the object according to whether right or left hand side has been used when playing with the nap the clothr-In all medium-pace strokes with t'ae cue ball and object ball some little distance 44, Part., this is quite correct, but when the cu• ball happens to be quite close to the object ball '4 very slow stroke played with running side will The the cue ball to be thrown off he object at- au appreciably wider angle-no matter tliether playing with or against the nap of the Oath. In close cannon play the great players stantiy make use of this property of side and lt.eomes into play not only when contact is made with the first object ball, but also when !ontact is made with the second object `._)an. Moreover the use of side In ;n-ar-

':IrY cannon 'strokes will often prevent cue ball from remaining in contact with the second object ball (which of course would 'Than spotting the object balls and playing from the D, for the tendency of a spinning ball is liways to come away from another bill however is!owly it reaches it.

'Not only is running side of use in nursery atilions to increase the throw-off angle, but even In positions with the cue ball and object ball a leir inches apart, running side is often of great 48•Si,z1 a nee in getting a cannon quite gently, when witli our the use of side a slight screw might be 4ctiiired, and at other times though the cannon eould be got without side or screw, running side

he cue ball to cannon more fully on to the second ball than would be the case were 13111 y a plain hall stroke used., 'ln such a stroke ‘lsistance can be got from running side even When playing against the nap of the cloth, but liatural.lo-,-hen playing with the nap the effect Will 1).„, greater, as the cue ball will pall in the desired direction after contact with the first "jet ball, in addition to being thrown off wider. , In gentle run-through cannons, side may often he advantageously employed to prevent a cover afterwards, for should the stroke be played Without any side, and the cannon happen to be ina<ie nearly full on to thesecond object ball and with such strength that-the second bill is little loore than reached, a cover may easily occur, wherea.s if the cue ball be spinning under the influence of side when it just reaches the second 1):111, the tendency of the spin on the cue ball, as ready explained, will be to throw the hal! a little away, and this, of course, will lessen the ehances of a cover occurring for the next stroke.

Composition balls are so rapidly taking the Place of ivory balls all over the kingdom, that this chapter on SIDE would not be complete 'without some reference being made to the differ- 'elite that exists between ivory and composition balls.. when playing wide in-offsCwith runni-ugi In fact, the difference is so great that it 'often amounts to this :—Certain in-offs that are quite easy with composition balls are difficult with ivory balls, and others that are quite pos- sible with composition balls when playing with cxtreme side are absolute-1y not on by the same kind of stroke with ivory balls.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
DIAGRAM 17.

A wide in-off into a centre pocket..—Red ball on • sPot Z 7 inehes from the D line, and on the. s'entral line of the table, cue hall at the extreme • of the D. As a. medium-pace stroke with aide in-off is on with erystalate balls, though not. with ivory balls.

Diagram 17 shows a wide in-off into a centre- Pocket, the red ball being on the eon- tine of the table and on a _ spot 274 inches from the D line and the (--, ball at the extreme end of the D. Played witli crystalate balls, the in-off can be made silv enough by anyone who can strike a ball with plenty of side, whereas with ivory balls all tllle side in the world will hardly take the .cue "all into the pocket, and if the red ball be Placed just a shade farther from the pocket (though neither higher up nor lower down the „table) the in-off will still be on with crystalats oalls' as a stroke with extreme side, whereas with ivory balls the stroke would be absolutely ii,npassible by the agency of sideonly. Of course tlit' stroke could be got With strength or screw with any ball, hut this would be a different kittoke altogether, and no player need be told 11°11- much better it is to be able to play centre Docket in-offs at medium strength than to be compelled to have to resort to screw or fore& '‘Vhy a composition ball. carrying plenty of I'llaning side should be thrown off an object ball 60 much wider than an ivory ball is rather diffi. cillf of explanation. With ivory balls, as al- °ady explained, running side only appreciably 'rs the. throw-off angle in very slow strokes with the balls lying close together. In other :ti.okes running side practically does not alter the throw-off angle, though its effect becomes plainly atiParent almost immediately after contact with object ball. With composition balls, not only Itioes running side affect the cue ball after con- has been made, but it also increases the Ividth of the throw-off angle at the moment of •cOOtact Qlhr The manufacturers of crystalate balls claim .hat these laglls come off at the same angle as 11;ory, but this is only partially correct, as all avers who have played with these balls will "flow. As yet no balls have ever been made that 41'e exactly like ivory, nor is it likely that any 14onnfactured article could ever be exactly the "arne as an animal growth. Crystalate balls off wider than ivory balls in all forcing okes. and the difference is also very marked Znen playing a screw. It is only in ordinary' 41i-ball strokes played without side that they einble ivory. As soon, however, as running le fl used with a cry stalato ball the angle of de- e • et i ion s increased and when extreme side is td in a medium-paced half ball stroke the l'ow-off angle becomes much greater than with ‘‘'.ol'y balls. In fact, I have often heard one ' L,ll-known professional who plays the top-of-the- '4 game call the angle an unnatural one when „11 opponent who depends chiefly on the in-off 1e has played one of these very wide centre 'l),.(•ket in-offs. ofin my opinion, however, one of the chief merits Composition balls is this increased angle of lection when side is used. For it simply `f.7,arts• that often and often positions will occur which a cannon or an in-off can be got by a s,low oi• medium-pace stroke with composition )44ils that would be just not on with ivory balls te the same kind of stroke. For any one who P('lnts chiefly on in-offs for his breaks it is Nigtioubtedly (and I speak from practical experi- -I•2o:'considerably easier to make a .lireak of Olectable dimensions (say, anythin- over 50) tit;ith erystalate balls than with ivory balls, and with.out_taking.into consideration the t_riitt-

I ki

ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.

T. Entwistle (Greenfield).—Balls over 2 1-Bth in. are over size. Standard size is 2 1-16 in. to. 2 3-32 in:

A. Hartley (Newport).—The five stroke which you made should not have been added to your score. Your ball left the table, and your opponent counts two for his, and both cannot count points from the same stroke. Supposing you had been 95 and your opponent 98, by your reckoning you would both have been game! A.H.—Any of the leading makers will be able to supply you with a small-sized table to go on the top of your dining-table. I cannot specify any particular firm in this column. You will find them all enumerated in the directory under the heading of billiard-table makers. "Americus " (New York).—l am very glad to learn from your letter that this column is being read by many American cousins. In the British game if the striker's ball goes into a pocket after making a cannon, two is counted for the cannon and two for the in-off if off the white and three if off the red. Thesepoints go, of course to the striker, who then places his ball in the D and plays from there. I shall be glad to hear from you again. W. Jones (Ashby-de-la-Zouch).—l will answer your letter through the post and will go fully into the points you raise. E. Joyce (Torquay).—The first match that Roberts has so far arranged commences October 30th, in Edin- burg, his opponent being T. Aiken, the champion of Scotland. The following week Roberts plays Reece in Manchester. _ _ _

A. A. (Stretford).—As Yar as I am aware, Dinle has arranged no matches for the present season, and I have heard that he will not be playing at all. RISO LEVI

7- • r • - .

===== 0002601_19041015_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4- ,

===== 0002601_19041015_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
RECKLESS MOTORING AT WARRINGTON.

Liverpool Chaufeur Smartly Dealt With.

A FOOT PASSENGER SERIOUSLY INJURED.

The Warrington magistrates marked their sense of the seriousness of reckless motoring in the public thorough- fares by inflicting a severe penalty on William Brooks, chaufeur of 43, Roliely-street, Liverpool, whom they found guilty of driving a motor car recklessly and to the danger of foot passengers in Church-street, on October Ist. Mr. Steel watched the proceedings on behalf of James Lowe, of Padgate-lane, who was knocked down by the defendant's car and seriously injured. The Chief Constable briefly detailed the facts of the case. It was alleged that the defendant was driving at a reckless pace up Church-street and knocked Mr. Lowe down. At one time Mr. Lowe's life was despaired of, and he was not sure he was out of danger even aow. Sergeant Barlow was sent to Liverpool to make inquiries respecting the driver of the motor car and it was found that the d fendant was driving a motor car to the use of which he had no right,and that he had taktm the motor car away without the knowledge of the owner. He thought he could prove that the defendant was driving "like a meteor gone mad." John Knowles, of Whalley-street, driver of the tram- car which was in the street at the time of the accident said he left the Central Station to go to the Cemetery at about five o'clock. He saw the old man Lowe signal to him to stop. and at that timehe would be about 100 yards past the General Wolfe and about a yard from the footpath. Witness was driving at the rate of about eight miles an hour. Witness drew up, and at the same time a motor car whizzed past him, and he then saw Lowe in the air. Lowe dropped with his head on the;rail, and if the rails had been greasy witness would not have beenable to pull up in time. Witness took his hat off and waved it to the man in charge of the motorcar, in which there were half a dozen people. They all stood up in the car, saw witness on the floor with the old man but the car did not return ; and it drove off as fast as it could. The old man was placed in a cab and taken to the Infirmary. Councillor Tinnion : Did they bring the motor to a standstill? _ _ _

Witness: No; they slowed up to the rate of two or three miles an hour, almost to a standstill. In answer to the Chief Constable, the witness said he should think the motor car was being driven at the rate of 30 miles an hour. It was a very dangerous speed. It went as fast as any motor he had ever seen. Defendant denied that anyone in the car stood tap. Harry Rogers, an electrician, said he was in the street at the time of the accident near the General Wolfe Inn. He saw Lowe put his hand up so that the conductor could stop the tram car. The motor came down Church- street at a great speed and Lowe was carried-a few yards and lilted into the air, after which he fell on his face. He sustained a compound fracture of the right leg and injuries to the face. Witness got to know the number of the car and reported it.to the police. The Chief Constable: Have you formed an opinion as to the rate of speed at which the motor was going? Witness: I should think it was not less than 30 miles an hour. The driver was going recklessly and to the danger of passengers. Sergeant Barlow stated that he visited Liverpool and ascertained that the motor belonged to Messrs. Lunton, wholesale bakers, Liverpool, and not to the defendant. It had been taken away without the consent of the firm.

Defendant said it was impossible for the car to go 30 miles an hour. How was it he was not stopped? ' The Mayor said that there was a bylaw in Warrington that motorists must drive at a reasonable speed. Defendant: It was quite a reasonable speed. The Clerk: It does not matter what speed you go at if you are reckless. Defendant: I was not driving recklessly. The Clerk: Have you any witnesses? Defendant replied that he had, and that he could call witnesses. He took the motor out to test two new plates that had been placed on the motor. ,Richard Lang, Harriet-terrace, Liverpool, said the motor car was not going 30 miles an hour; it was not going half that speed, and he was used to motor cars. The Chief Constable: Are you one of the men who looked back and then drove on? Witness: I did not see. I was on the off-side. Did you know something had happened ?—Witness I could nottell you. - - - -

Is it a fact that you slowed up never knew of the accident till we were on the way home. How did you know then ?—Because someone directed our attention to it. -- -

_ e*Did you slow up at all ?—We slowed up two or three times in Warrington. I don't remember slowing up at the Parish Church. You were all sober?—Yes, sir. _ -

- Questioned as to the names of the inmates of the car he said one lady was a Miss Inglis, of 8, Harriet Terrace, Liverpool. He could not tell the name of the other lady. One of the occupants of the car was a friend of his. _

In answer to the Mayor, witness said they did not ride on to Manchester. When they had gone some distance out of Warrington; they turned back and came through Warrington again. They left Liverpool at ten minutes to two and passed through Warrington at five. It would be about twenty minutes afterwards that they came back. They had a puncture, but it was repaired at Cront on.

The Chief Constable said that on behalf of the Watch Committee and the police, he must press for a severe penalty in this case, as a warning. He would leave the matter with confidence in the hands of the Bench. The Mayor: The decision of the Bench is that you be fined £lO and costs, or two months' imprisonment, and the licence endorsed. Defendant: Will you allow me time to go to Liver- pool to get the money? The Chief Constable: I would not allow you a minute. (To the Bench) : We had to serve the sum- mons at once. He is a man of straw. The fine and costs amounted to £ll 15s. Defendant went to gaol.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGLAND'S FATTEST POLICEMAN.

Police-Sergeant Narramore, of Rock, Worcestershire who is said to be the fattest policeman in England, is etiring after twenty years' service. Although only sft. 91n. high, Narramore weighs over 20st. We believe we are right in saying (says "Punch ") that, with the exception, perhaps, of Miss Marie Stud- holme, no one of our English beauties has been photo- „graphed so many times as the Rev. R. J. Campbell. In the past nine months the number of aliens coming into the United Kingdom was 66,177, as compared with 63,772 in the coresponding period of last year.

Fels- Naptha

Soap differences: no other labour-saving soap; no other clothes-saving soap; no other money-saving soap; no other moneyback soap.

a 39 Wilson street London E C

===== 0002601_19041015_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• „

,

===== 0002601_19041015_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 15, 1904.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRA PITS.

EvEN when the unexpected happens there ia al‘vays someone who says, "I told you so." MAN proposes, and later on he sometimes wonders how he managed to make such a fool of himself.

" CooKs," said the lonely, woman, "may be divided into two classes—those who resent criti- cism and those who ignore it" AUTHOR "This story is taken from the German. Editor: "Well, I don't believe the Germans will miss it."

INTIMATE FRIEND: "Has your husband's love grown cold? Sarcastic. Wife: Oh no! He 'loves himself just as much now as he did when we were married, twenty years ago. BILL "How long was your friend the artist working on that canvas ? " Jill: "Eight years. Took him six months to paint it, and seven and a half years trying to sell it." TEACHER: "You are painfully slow with figures, Tommy. Come now, speak up quickly. If your father gave your mother a £lO note and a £5 note, what would she have ? " Tommy: "A fit." LITTLE three-year-old Flossie saw a nmn walking along the street with his arm in a sling. "Oh, mamma," she exclaimed, "there goes a man with his arm in a hammock."

"So you ye lost all your marbles, eh? Well, it serves you right. Boys always lose who play such games on Sundays." "But how about the other boy, who won all my marbles?" PIRST BABY: "I shouldn't like to be a baby up in the Arctic regions." Second Baby: "Why not?" First Baby: "The nights are six months long there, and I don't believe I could cry for so long without stopping." MOTHER: "To err is human, to forgive-" Tommy (interrupting) : "I know what to forgive is." Mother : "Well, what is it, dear!" Tommy: "It's a sure thing that the other fellow can lick you." "WOULD you start out on a journey on Priday ? " "No, indeed." " Why are people so supersti- tious ? " "But this has nothing to do with superstition. I get paid on Saturday."

I CAN see in me min th' day whin explosives 'ill be so explosive, an' guns 'll shoot so far that on'y th' folks that stays at home 'll be kilt, an' life insurance agents 'll be advisin' people to go into th' ar-rmy.

" WOULD you wed a man of muscle or a man of brains?" "Well, it would be difficult to decide. A man of muscle could eat up a beefsteak, but a man of brains could solve where the beefsteak was to come from." -

BIGSON : "I once possessed a splendid dog who could always distinguish between a vagabond and a respectable person." Jigson "Well, what's become of him?" Bigson "Oh, I was obliged to give him away. He bit me." A LAWYER walked down the street recently with his length of arms taxed to hold a lot of law books. Pointing at the books, a friend said: "Why, I thought you carried all that stuff in your head ? " "I do," quickly replied the lawyer with a. knowing wink; "these are for the judges." HE SURPRISED HIMSELF.—First Tramp: "Say, that bulldog gev you a lively chase. Second Tramp: "That's right. I never knowed I wuz capable of sich extraordinary mobility." THE TRICK DOESN'T WORK.—Taylor "I believe in calling a spade a spade." Potter: "So do I. There's no use in saying' you have five clubs when one of them is a spade ! ' "Do birds think?" asks a writer in opening a curious. article. If they do, we would like to know what the canary bird thinks of the woman who stands on a chair and talks "baby talk," to it through the wires of the care.. Wu HAVE ALL MET What Sort ut fellow is Bobbers in a social way?" "Oh, he is one of those idiots who would say sweets to the sweet' when he was passing the pickles to a lady of Uncertain age." FUNNIIV.IAN "Have you heard the story about the two holes in the ground ? ' Guilem : "I suppose I'm to say No ? ' then you reply, Too deep ? " Funniman : "That's not it, at all." Guilem : " ? Then I haven't heard it." Funniman : " Well, well ?" - HONESTY PAYS.—Jim: "Honesty is the best policy after all." Bill: " How ?" "Remember that dog I stole?" "Yes." "'Well, I tried two whole days to sell 'im, an' no one offered more'n five shillin's. So I went, like an honest man, an' guy him to the ole lady what owned 'im, an' she guy me a sovereign." SHOOTING TENANT (just arrived for the grouse) : "What a beautiful place to live, Dougald !" Dougald : " It's no a bad place to live. But what wad ye think o' having ta travel fifteen miles for a glass of whusky ? " "But why don't you buy slime and keep it?" " Ah, men, but whusky will na keep !" "WHY do you carry your purse in your hand, instead of in your pocket?" he ,asked. "For economy," she replied. "If a pickpocket ever got into my pocket he'd more than likely tear my gown, while if he snatches the purse out .of my hand the loss would be only three halfpence, some samples of ribbon and a postage stamp." JACK FINANCE (gushingly) : "Darling, you must not refuse me the pleasure of taking you to ride in my new horseless carriage." Daisy Hugger (appre'-ensively) : " But—er—Jack, don't you— er—(blush)—have to use -both arms to steer those ? " Jack Finance (rapturously) : "No, dearest. Mine is a late pattern of pedal-steerin.- attachment and,----" Daisy Hugger: " J-a-ok ! Say to-morrow night ?" A TOUCHING APPEAL.—" Madam," said the tramp, as a middle-aged lady came to the door in response to his knock, "would you give a poor old man a bite to eat ? " "Why," replied the lady, "you are certainly able to work. You don't look very old." "Looks are often deceitful lady," answered the wanderer. "I am old enough to be your grandfather." A moment later he was seated in the kitchen, and nothing she had in the pantry was too good for him."- A VIVID blush dyed the girl's cheeks. Archie Psoft was about to propose. " Sar- dinia," he said, " may may '6 Well, Archie ? " " I—I—was going to say, Sardinia—l v:as going to say that" "Yes," you were going to say that "—" Yes," he broke in, eagerly, "I was going to say that I—that I "—Well, what were you going to say ? " " Why, I was— I was "—Young Mr. Psoft _clutched at his collar to loosen it, cleared his threat, and tried it again. " Why, the fact is "--" Yes, Archie ; the fact is " " That I—h'm ? h'm ? " Yes. Yoa— you "--" I—l have forgotten what I was going to say." " Oh, Archie; how could you ? " No, I haven't," said the poor fellow, desperately. " remember now. I was going to —to ask" —" Yes, Archie; you were going to ask " " That's it. I was going to ask—Sardinia, don't you know what I was going 4o ask ? " "I arn not a mind-reader, Mr. Psoft." "Don't mock me, Sardinia. Try to read my heart ! " "I think I can, Archie," she said, softly. "You want to ask me"-- "That's right, he said, encourag- ingly. "Go ahead ! " "To be"--. "Yes, yes—' to be "—go on; Go on ! " "To be your"--. "That's right—' to be my' "--. "Your—your "--. " Yes. My—my '—why don't you go ahead? You're the bashfullest girl I ever saw. " I—l can't say it, Archie ! " "Yes you can. To be my '—what's the rest of it! Don't let a little thing like that fluster you. Be a brave girl, Sardinia." "Oh, yes you can. Speak it right out !" "You wanted to ask me to be your wife, Archie." "There ! " he exclaimed in triumph, "you seee how easily it is done." And he patted her head majes- tically. "All you want is a little courage." " Was that what you wished to ask me?" "Of course it was ! " "Then why don't you do it, sir.?"' "Me ? Great Christopher! You know what " "Yes, sir, I knew it all the time. I've known it for six months. But you've got to ask it. Get down on your knees !" "Why, Sardinia! What's the use of my"— "Down on your knees !" He flopped down, and the imperious young beauty made him repeat after her the necessary question. She promised to take it under consideration, and give him a favourable answer if she found upon inquiry that .he had been alWays good to his mother. And then she permitted him to rise, a thoroughly humbled young elan.

A country magistrate has asked "Truth" whether those papers which are devoted to the cause of automobilism are justified in publishing notices of "police-traps," and in recommending drivers to scatter a particular-coloured confetti on the road wherever they discover such traps? These warnings, his worship observes, "defeat the ends of justice."

But" Truth" points out, and very rightly, that there seems to be some misapprehension as to the duty of the police and the ends of justice. The first duty of the police is to prevent breaches of the law, not to let breaches occur so that they may pounce upon the delinquents. That is so. And, therefore, the persons who give notice of police traps are suggesting to the possibly thoughtless driver that, at the spot indicated, it is well to drive quite within the limit allowed by the law since it is probably a dangerous or an awkward place for a fairly high speed, or the police would hardly be in ambush there, and in this way it may be said that they are combining with the police, as all good citizens should, to see that the Act is duly observed.

We hear rumours of a light four-cylindered car shortly to be placed upon the market at a price which will appeal to every autqpiobilist.

There is certainly no doubt that the single-cylinder voiturette has practically had its day. It served us well enough for a time; but it may now besaid to have out- lived its usefulness and the sooner it is decently interred in the Limbo of discarded mechanical contrivances the better for us • all. At least a twin-cylinder engine is required for even a small car, if the comfort of driver and passengers is to be ensured; but there is little doubt that next year will see a boom in multi-cylinder engines upon moderate-priced cars.

From a strictly !mechanical standpoint, Mr. Moffat Ford, the managing director of the Motor Car Co., Ltd., is a strong believer in the future of the five- cylinder motor. Five cylinders are not quite enough, he argues, whilst six are unnecessary. In his opinion, a large and high h.p. vehicle should be provided with a five-cylinder motor in order to secure the acme of com- fort and supreme sweetness and smoothness of running. The three-cylinder motor, on the other hand, he con- tends will never become really popular.

According to the daily papers, motorphobia has reached an acute stage in Long Islan I. During the recent international race for the Vanderbilt Cup, the competitors were" booed "awl hooted by many of the spectators who lined the roads, whilst one fatal accident was directly attributable:to the:action of anti-motorists. Part of the course had been maliciously strewn with broken glass and nails, and in the fourth round Mr. Arents who was driving a Mercedes, was startled to hear a loud explosion. Leaning over the side to see what had happened—as a matter of fact a tyre had burst owing to the presence of the glass and nails—he unconsciously swerved his steering and was jerked right out of his car.

His mechanic instantly grasped the steering .wheel and pulled the car round again, but the wrench was too much for the steering gear, which immediately broke. The car ran on, struck an obstacle and turned turtle,the unfortunate chauffeur being pinned underneath. Three hours later he died in the hospital. Mr. Arents him- self is fearfully injured, and at the time of writing, it is feared be cannot possibly recover.

Now the chauffeur's death is practical murder, by some person or persons unknown. But the responsi- bility of it goes farther back still. It is not so long since a New York magistrate advised shooting scorch- ing motorists on sight; and here in England to-day, although with one exception, we have no such violently inclined authority, many of our daily newspapers are really responsible for n tich of the bitter feeling which exists in some quarters against motorists. Foolish and intolerant letters, which had far better never been written, have been published ad. lib. in order to start an autumn correspondence, and in some intances, it is stated, the.replies have been suppressed. Each sidehas a right to a fair hearing—if any hearing at all is advis- able. But the editors of the daily newspapers can do nothing towards rectifying any grievance which may exist, whilst, by publishing the excessively silly vapour- ings of the obviously feeble-minded, they are really damaging the cause they attempt to champion. Far better would it be to stick to "The Handicap of Marriage," which is a nice, safe subject, affording delirious delight both to the married and the unmarried of both sexes, and it has the great advantage of doing no real harm whilst the vast possibilities of the debat- able point render the newspaper a welcome one in every home.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
NWN

HOCKEY.

WARRINGTON ROYAL V. OWENS COLLEGE IST. There was an interesting match between these teams at Walton, on Saturday. At half-time the Royal were leading by three goals to nil, Clarke having scored twice and Whittle once. Shortly after the restart F.Plinston put another go,tl through. The play then favoured the visitors for a while, and they reduced the Royal's lead by scoring three goals in rapid succession. Clarke eventually scored again for the Royal, thus giving them the victory by five goals to three. For Owens College Wardleworth (centre half) played a capital game.

HUYTON v. STOCKTON HEATH. These teams met at Huyton, the visitors pressing at the start. From a free hit the home forwards attacked bard and from a corner. Saunderson had hard luck in not scoring. The Huyton team gave the visitors' defence plenty of work, but half-time came with no score. On changing over Stockton Heath made a dash for the home goal, and, after some fine combination, Bond scored. Huyton again attackpd and shot after shot was saved by the visiting goalkeeber, but at last Harrison equalized. The home team now had the best of the game, and excellent play by Kenna, Rogers, and Saunderson ended in Huyton again scoring ten minutes off time. Result: --Huyton, two; Stockton Heath, one.

STOCKTON HEATH 2ND v. HUYTON 2ND.

At Stockton Heath. Stockton Heath showed the better combination, and had hard lines in being beaten by four goals to three. ECCLES v. LATCHFOR D. •

At Eccles, on Saturday, the match, resulting in an easy win for the visitors by five goals to two. Although the visitors played a capital game all through, only one goal had been scored up to half-time, and this by Pear- son sor the visitors. On resuming, however, Latchford played with great dash and soon increased their lead, goals being scored by Cliffe (two),'Spenseley (one), and Banks (one). Eccles broke away on a few occasions, and managed to put the ball into the net twice, but always looked like a beaten side. The game unfortunately developed on the rough side, and although several were slightly hurt, nothing of a serious nature happened, and when the whistle was blown for time the score read Latchford five, Eccles two.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
LATCHFORD "A" v. ECCLES A.

Latchford" A "also proved easy winners in the above match at Latchford after a Pleasant game by four goals to nil. The home right wing and centre were again chiefly responsible for the victory, Knight at centre shoring all the four goals. Callon at right outside put the ball in the net on one occasion, hut was ruled off- side, and Jones at right inside had hard line?. on several occasions in not scoring.and with a little more ordinary luck the score would have been much more in the home team's favour. For the last. quarter of an hour the visitors were penned in their own circle, but they man- aged to keep the Latchford eleven from making any furtheraddition.the score thus being Latchford four and Eccles nil at the call of time.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE

OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
MADE IN ENGLAND.

MILD

The "ECLIPSE" FOUNTAIN & STYLOGRAPHIC PENS Eclipse all others. Fountain Pen as Illustrated. Screw section, Twin Feed, with. Silver Spiral and 14-et. Gold Nib. only 4s. 6d. SrrLoonarnic Pau, Perfect Flow, 2s. 3d; Each in Box_with Filler cdmplete. Money returned if satisfaction is not give id Postal Order to F. POOCH, Whyke Road, Chichesteei

FITZROY HEEL PAD.

Guaranteed. Best Quality Revolving Heels obtainable at the low prices of LADIES, 41d., GENTS, 6-Id., pew pair, post free. LAURIE & McCONNAL, Ltd. liubber Heel Specialists, CAMBRIDGE.

/ffir SOW } a ZPO f • -----.----------.--.--.- --,..----:- --------:{.+ . ,-,_-,_-,,,,..--. :,-,,-4-7/:_;',4- ' '-F-- •=,.-7-?..'-:l.Air -77-'.• 7-_...1--7--L-.., 0 , ...,..,.....,., 7._-__-.7.: ,--i-i-_7,- -,.,.--,..-I. -7=llr=.lr- - ..,===......- • -=-- .--=.- .--",-..---., -'-L--,---...../ A.., HEEL f-AD ' -T-1......,.......,„ fiRE 04. O. .-7,_ :04* ------,--- 0 '''' 11l-

===== 0002601_19041015_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
SUN

• FIRE OFFICE 0% 'DEO FUNDS IN HAND £2,535,800. lor all particulars apply to the following Agents. WARRINGTON....Messrs. J. R. Pickrnere & Bon Bridge Et Messrs. Wood & Bon, Commercial Chambers 55. Horsetnarket street, Mr. Louis A. Voisey, 21, King street Mr R. Lowe, 1, Bank street.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0132.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
iIEIMtNENNIIMg!

===== 0002601_19041015_art0133.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
16-Lk

===== 0002601_19041015_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
E

C

H

A

• ;1%,

I

L

L

‘l,

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

:

S

I'

===== 0002601_19041015_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
p

Possess the following qualities in whigh degree They STRENGTHEN the STOMACH They REGULATE the BOWELS They PURIFY and ENRICH the BLOOD They give TONE to the whole NERVOUS SYSTE BEECHAM'S PILLS cooringtiani,nbut darrueg poufrer4inveergaletalz el= - beneficent and sure.

They will restore you to health if you give them a chance.

BEECHAM'S PILLS have ever enjoyed the confidence of Ladles for the ailments peculiar to their sex.

Sold Everywhere in Boxes, price is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. (168 Pills), with full directions.

PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regilding A Speciality. Largest stoak of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN BOOK. 160 pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. IMPORTER OF GLASS. GLASS STOCK LISTS FREE ON APPLICATION.

11. MORELL, 17I 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON, W.C. • Warehouses : 11, 12:and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street, (lathe rear). Telegraphic Address: —" Rabbitry, London." Telephone 6135 Central

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No. 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used in the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. Once tried, always wanted, MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW lest boon ever offered to the Laundress for imparting an Ivory Finish tostarched Linen,Laces,etc It does not stick to epider-web-like materials. B old everywhere in rackets at Id., 3d.. and 6d.. each.

.7

J 'The great

===== 0002601_19041015_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPARED ONLY BY

T. eRITeRILIW. Chemist. suleirsußN. 7. Whiter. t,reet, London, M.O.

14•. WANTED! l'ElA''',,ELiss _ JO ril Provides Genuine HOME ::::: 1, p ~.t 4, c AUTOMATIC KNITTER , f,. i ~1,,,. tQii 7Zi If 3.1. r:. Earns 15!- and upwards weekly. 4 E. _ Cash ol;:oSrfe VatnEasyzaltire Terms. Vill. iii?"--_-C Write WARR, 67 SOUTHWARK ST - ' . LONDON, Agents wanted. Beware u milk ading offers of work on worthless machines. , 1 773 - 1

KEARSLETSIOO YEARS.REPUTATION WIDOW WELCH'S FEMALE PILLS.

X ET, E. 4

Awarded Certificate;of Merit for the cure of all irregulari- ties, anwmia, and all female complaints. They have the approval of the Medical Profession. Beware of Imitations, The only genuine andgpriginal are in White Paper Wrappers, Boxes 16 Ifd and 26 9d of all chemists, or by posts Is. 2d. and s. 10d. Makers, C and G KELREILEY, 41, Waterloo Road9London S.A..(late of 17, North street, Westminster). Note. White Wrapper.] Sold in the Colonies,

KEATING,s LOZENGES EASILY CURE THE WORST COUGH. One gives relief. An increasing sale of over So years is a certain test of their value. Sold in Tins ISd. each.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
BLAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS

A LOTION MAY TEMPOR ARILY SOOT HE, BUT BLAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILL goes to the root of the mischief, and is really the only true remedy for

Gout, Rheumatism, Sciatica, and Lumbago. All Chemistsand Stores atls. 11d. and 25.9 d, per box.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0138.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0139.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19041015_art0140.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11

===== 0002601_19041015_art0141.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
F

===== 0002601_19041015_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS%

Authors of letters intended for publicatioa must in all cases send tkeir names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee .3f good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on cne side collo of the paper and sent in, if possible, not later than thursday.

The Guardians and the Lowest Tender. Sir ---Seeing from all accounts that trade is anything but brisk and there is a likelihood of hard times with the approach of winter, one would expect that our Poor Law Guardians would be among the first to retrench and prepare for a possible drain upon them. It seems from the report of the meeting of the Board held at Warring- ton last week that our. own --authorities can afford to ignore this however and, in several instances tenders for goods and work have been accepted over-riding lower tenders from ratepayers in the district. At that meeting a tender for decorating the Relieving Offices, Earlos- town was accepted which was considerably in excess of our tender for the work. As a rule we are content to let matters of tenders rest upon their merits and trust to the fair dealing of our public men' but where the interests of the ratepayers are affected it is only right that the facts should be made known. We trust this matter with the others referred to at the meeting of the Board will be thoroughly investi- gated and punlished,otherwise it can hardly be expected that bona fide tenders will be made by respectable tradesmen.—Yours truly. THOMAS ALLEN & SONS.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
" Republican's" Last Word..

Sir,—The letters in ycur last issue call for little if any comment. They simply reveal that on educational matters the writers are lamentably ignorant, and it is useless to prolong the controversy. The Church of England has ever been the enemy of all progress, and if she has made any attempt to educate the 'children she 11,14 done so from selfish motives, and in order to prevent the thing being done more efficiently by others. The reference with regard to the Rev. Mr. Carleton is paltry, but if "Churchman" is anxious to hear a debate on the Education Act, and can prevail upon the gentleman named or any other Warrington clergyman to take up the matter, then I venture to prophesy that the Rev. H. Dunnico will not cry off. With regard to the Rev. H. Dunnico and Councillor Stott I can only say that as he has offered to debate the subject with him or any other man in Warrington, it is no credit to the "Good old Church" that some of its members should make a cowardly and altogether uncalled for attack upon him. It appears that the " Good old Church" will confederate with brewers, slaveowtters, socialists, atheists, in fact anybody, against any man who declines to pay volun- tarily for the propagation of pernicious doctrines. Such attacks do the Rev. H. Dunnico no havn, in fact they do him good; and hundreds if not thousands of War- rington people have learned to respeot and admire one of the few men In their midst who has the courage to stand by his opinions regardless of public criticisms. Yours truly,

REPUBLICAN. P.S. So fares I am concerned this is my closing letter on the above matter. •

The Health of Warrington. • Sir,—For some time past I have been considering the advisability of drawing public attention to our markets. In two or three places on Wednesday last I noticed small heaps of rotten fruit lying about, having appar- entl7 been thrown there by stall-holders. Now I am of opinion that the health of many poor young children is seriously endangered because of this. •Timeand again these children come round the market to pick up odds and ends and how any good can be done to their bodies after eating all , sorts of filthy stuff passes my compre- hension altogether. ' Not only ought these heaps of rubbish to be placed in a proper space specislly provided, but the bins ought also to be looked after. There are two or three of these bins for rotten and waste fruit, etc.. hut they are not sufficietrt for their purpose. Et .peatedly have I seen them overturned, and the waste strewn on the floor as though some children had been rummaging to pick waste fruit up. Obviously no good can come to these children from eating such rotten stuff as is thrown about the market and in the bins. This matter ought to be attended to, and that at once. No wonder we see such sights in our streets as unhealthy children. This nuisance cannot be passed by lightly and for the sake of the poor child life of our town some steps ought to be taken to protect the children. Where are our Town Councillors and Market Inspectors that these things are not looked into? Can we expect anything more from our Labour men who are to repre- sent us on the Council? Surely some scheme can be suggested to remedy the present evils. A good idea I think would be to have several bins in necessary places provided with locks. Let the Market Inspectors and staff be provided with keys and also the stall-holders who reqiiirs to use • the bins. By these means the refuse would then be secure and out of the reach of the children. Between them the market officers and the stallholders could keep the bins locked up. Some of the stallholders throw about their refuse indis- criminately. This should not be allowed and the rules as to this ought to be especially strict. Cleanliness, we are told, is next to godliness. If this is so,and the condition of the fish and fruit markets is a reflection of the cleanliness of the stallholders and officials, then all that can be said is that these people cannot be particularly godly. Perhaps an abler pen than my own will take this question up.—Yours. L. W. E.

Rev. H. Dunnico and the Labour Party. Sir,—' decline te take further part in the abo vediscussi on I offered to meet the Socialist Labour Party in open de- bate providing they could find any man in the Borough of Warrington wilting to represent them. They have failtd to find a man willing to undertake such ahopeless task bet instead of frankly admitting such they have done their utmost by misrepresentation and falsehood to madden the unthinking section of the community against me. This of course is quite in keeping with their declaration of policy. Keir Hardie has for years declared that Demccrats and advanced Liberals who refuse to become socialists of a particular species must be destroyed as political forces in order to hasten the arrival of the socialistic millenium. T am still and ever shall be a strong advocate of gennine labour repre- sentation but I strongly resent the subtle trickery whereby trade union funds are being used to propagate a special brand of Socialism and to keep men in luxury who have never subscribed a penny to the funds of trades unions. The aims of trade unionism and social- ism are absolutely distinct and in the opinion of many Socialists hostile. The Socialist party is a political party and has no more right to representation on the Labour. Representation Committee than the Conservative and parties. In other words if one Liberal • Representetion Committee candidate is justified in receiving £2OO a year whilst a member of the Independent Labour party another man has a perfect right to retain his member- ship with the Conservative or Liberal Party. T have no quarrel with Socialists as snch. If they will take an honest stand and carry on their ownpropaganda at their own expense then they are entitled to the respect which all must feel for earnest men. But when they adopt dis: honest and immoral tactics in order to capture trade unions and other organizations they deserve to be treated with contempt. During the past few months I have haen in corres- pondence with many of the great labour leaders includ- iug John Burns, M.P., Richard Bell M.P., Sam Woods and others and my statements are based upon informa- tion received from them. These men without a single exception assert that the narrow exclusive and negative constitution of the Labour Representation Committee is detrimental to the best interests of labour. The hallway servants at their last conference not only upheld Richard Bell in his refusal to sign the Labour Representation Committee constitution but have decided to ask the committee to amend their constitution. Could anyone imagine a party in a more ridiculous plight than the Labour Representation party is mat present? It is absolutely without a programme and a party without a programme has hitherto been unknown among political combinations. Tne absence of a pro- gramme suggests that either its members do not know what they want or that they are too crafty to let their constituents know. Fancy paying a man's election expenses and if successful a salary of £2OO per annum for no other reason than this,—that he signs an aereement "not to support the candidature" of any man—even though he hold identical views—unless he term himself "Labour." When one takes into consideration that there are in the United Kingdom 670 constituencies, and that; the com- mittee are unable to put more than 40 or 50 candidates in the field, thus leaving untouched 620 constituencies. then such a rule savours more of comic opera than practical politics. Let the Labour Representation Com- mittee draw up a definite programme of labour legisla- tion and administration. This programme could then form a test at all Parliamentary elections. In those constituencies where it is impossible to place a labour candidate in the field, support the man irrespectivo ,of party most favourable to the labour progranrr.e. In fact I question whether ttere are a dozen constituen- cies in the Kingdom that could return a labour man without thel active co-oDeration of other progressives who do_not belong strictly and specially to the labour- inc classes. It was absurd for Councillor Stott to state as he did at the last meeting of the Trades Council that certain persons were "willfully misrepresenting the Labour Representation Committee." There is no necessity to misrepresent it. The whole constitution has broken down ridiculously and any criticism I have passed upon it is amply justified. The most prominent officials have violated and the committee itself has broken its own constitution. The London Trades and Labour Council only a short time ago passed a resolution condemning the constitution of the Labour Representation Coin-

raiztee. If Councillor Stott considers such a miserable constitution an ideal one why does he not come out and defend it? He prefers to-adopt the favourite policy of his party i.e., bluff. In conclusion I desire to say that as the source of all the mischief lies in the Socialists—men who have no necessary connection with trade unionists—the best service they can render to the cause of labour and Trade Unionism is to • let it alone. A trades union organization, pure and simple, can become a potent factor in politics. drit this attempt to I capture it by the Socialists 'will sooner or, later lead to a revolt on the part of Liberal and Conservative Trade Union- ists (who form by far the greater section of trade unionists in this country) and the" Labour Representa- tion movement" will come to grief. I thank you Mr. Editor for having allo sed me to make this protest in your columns and I trust that those who have the welfare of the nation at he irt will seek to guide the masses of thiscountry towards the goal of peaceful and orderly self-governmenE.—Yours, Scc., HERBERT DUNNICO. P.S.—The following manifesto with special preface by Mr. Keir Hardie M.P.,was issued by the Independent Labour Party some time ago. "Members of the Indepandent L;abour Party should get into Trades Unions, Trades Councils, Co-operative Societies Ste. Special endeavour should be made to get on the Liberal Associations—not of course with the foolish idealof trying to stiffen the Liberals up—but in order that the Independent Labour Party may have a firm body of friends in the enemy's camp. A firm body of Socialists could prevent a Liberal candidate being brought out to oppose a labour man. . . . or failing that could vote for the most re-actionary candidate and then by resigning in a body a few days before the elec- tion and publishing a manifesto could annihilate his chances. But above all things efforts should be directed to prevent Liberals bringing out advanced candidates. Any infusion of new blood into the Radical body must by prolonging its existence act to the detriment of the Independent Labour Party. End them not mend them must be our motto. This of course requires consider- able sacrifice of principle, but the Socialist troubled with scruples of conscience, is not worth his sail." IComment upon this is needless. Tine italics are my own.—H.D.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
The Property-Owners' Association.

Sir,—The Property-Owners' Association meeting on Wednesday evening was a great success and from the report furnished by the committee it is evident that the Association has justified its existence. Several of the members have already received direct benefit and cer- tainly every property-owner ought, as mentioned by several of the speakers, to become a member. It already contains Aeveral prominent men of the town, four or five of whom, I believe, are members of the Town Council, so it can easily bt, seen that the Associa- tion cannot fail to be of some weight and influence in the towni understand the membership roll now numbers upwards of 130. Several very interesting speeches were made. Mr. Henshall whom I am glad to see has been appointed this year presidant, started the meeting off in capital style, his speech being one of good tone. Those who afterwards followed, certainly had the courage of their convictions and it is evident that despite high rates some of them are prepared to adopt a go-ahead policy believing that such a policy will pay Warrington best in the long run. The cattle market question is undoubtedly worthy of the Council's serious consideration and there is, to use a common phrase, "money in it." It does not neces- sarily mean that the formation of a cattle market would involve a large expenditure of money, for the chief requirement would be a large open space of ground. What is wanted is that a good available site should be obtained convenient to water and rail. Of course there are different views as to the widen- ing of streets, but no one can deny, as one speaker pointed out, that the town wants making more Mt:ac- tive to outsiders and wide streets is one method. These are matters that will have to be boldly faced, for it is not wise to stand still. A judicious expenditure of money brings a good revenue and I have no hesitation in saying that the town in many ways needs 'opening out.—Yours, etc., ONE PRESENT.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDFELLOW3' BOWLING HAM?. -- Cup and Prizes Presented by Captain

Crosfield.

MORE ABOUT NATIONAL DEFENCE.

One of the most interesting events of the bowling season locally has been the handicap promoted in con- nection with the Prince of Wales Lodge of the Indepen- dent Order of Oddfellows (Manchester Unity). The members entered Into the affair with spirit, and after many exciting games Bro. G. F. Freeman had the honour of carrying off the handsome cap and gold medal presented by Mr. A. H. Crosfleld, who is an esteemed member of the Order. There was a happy gathering at the Pelican Hotel on Thursday evening, when the suc- cessful competitors received their awards at the hands of Captain G. It. Crosfield. Almost at the last moment Mr. A. EL Crosfield who had promised to attend was obliged to cancel the engagement, owing to an attack of neuralgia, and his brother willingly stepped into the breach. The function was attended with complete success, the arrangements having been in the hands of the following; committee : —Messrs. N. Sykes, H. Maddock, J. Massey, T. Wadsworth, T. Reddish, W. Cottam, N. King, T. P. Bradshaw (chairman), and G. F. Freeman (secretary). The CELtIRNIAN expressed regret that Mr. Arthur Crosfield could not be present, and cordially thanked Ctptain Crosfield for taking his place. The bowling handicap, he ' continued, was not promoted for financial ends, but purely and simply with the object of bringing the lodge members into friendly contact, and inducing them to take a greater interest in the lodge business. They had a large number of mem- bers on the books and they could not maintain their position as the premier friendly society in Warrington unless all took their part in the work. There was great responsibility attaching to each member of the lodge. They had to contend with the ever-growing tontine clubs which at the present time were practically taking the town by storm. A means of contesting them would have to be seriously considered by those responsible for the Manchester Unity. That was the first Mine Captain Crosfield had been amongst them, and it would not be a bad idea if he followed his brother's example and be- eamea member of the lodge. (Applause.) They would be very pleased to welcome him as an Oddfellow. (Applause.) Captain CROSFIELD, who had a very cordial reception, thanked the Chairman for the invitation to become a member of the lodge—which he w iuld be most happy to accept. (Applause.) T'nev would not want to listen to a long speech from him, hat when a min hal certain opinions, and held then pretty stron;ly, it Ives his duty to speak out. He was not going to talk about bowls, because they knew far more about the gams than he did, but he would address them on a subject in which they were very closely interested, and that was insurance. What wonderful power man had when they worked together ! They in that society clubbed together and contributed so much per year in order to spread over the majority the accidents which would always happen, and thereby minimise the result to the individual. That was a very good work, and he was very much in favour of that kind of thing. Ha believed in old age pensions by the State. (Hear, heir.) We had been too afraid of what was called grandmotherly legislation, but he believed we wmitedl a great deal more of it. (Hear, hear.) He could assure them that Vangland had a great deal to learn from Germany in many ways. In that country every man was insured against old age, accidents, and diseise. He called that a very fine thing, and it was done years ago by Bismarck. People said that if they forced every- one to save they wou:d do away with thrift. That very objection was brought against Bismarck's scheme, but Bismarck said they would provide a pension which would keep a man out of the Workhouse but would not , provide him with I..xurie in his old age,so that there would still be an incentive to save. The scheme had worked out capitally. With the money raised by it the ' Germans had been able to provide workmen's dwellings before the pensions had to be paid, and they had proved a God-send to the working; populace. We wanted a little more legislation like that in this country. Another matter which he had very much at heart was insurance against war. He had given the question careful attention, and without wishing to be an alarmist he said they had got to look at history, and learn from it. They had to recognize the fact that times altered and our position was very different now from what it was fifty years ago. The best way to pre- vent war was to be prepared for war. (Hear, hear.) Ofl course every sane person recognized that the fleet was the first thing for us, but he maintained that to put all our eggs into one basket was not a sound policy. We wanted a backing to the fleet in the shape of a national citizen army. The ex- cellent results that could be obtained had been well I shown in Switzerland where they had a few months' training in the summer and an admirable national militia. Stich a scheme affected the physique and character of the nation beneficially. Our politicians were not going to bring the question of national defence forward, be- cause, he maintained, they did not guide the nation brit were very anxious to say pleasant things. He said "Give us the truth before everything." (Hear, hear.) It was necessary that the workin7 classes should guide their politicians, and show that they understood what was right, just, and necessary. They lia.d a means of doing that in the National Service League. They wanted that organization to become a mighty power throughout the land—like the German Navy League which had a membership of 600,000 and an annual income of £30,000. Before distributing . the prizes. 1 Captain Crosfield said he was delighted to hear that the members were so keen on bowls, because it was a game 1 in which all could join. They did not need to look on, but all could run aboutthe green. (Applause). Captain CROSFIELD than handed the handsome Cros.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
field Cup and gold medal to Mr. G. F. Freeman who briefly returned thanks. He had had a great struggle to win the trophy, and he eateemed it one of the greatest honours of his life to have been saccessful.(Applause).The other prizes were distributed as follows :-2. W. Jones, ornaments, presented by the Lodge; :1, F. Wisedale ' -4, W. Cottam; J. Holland; 6, J. Warburton; 7, Jos. Taylor; 8, R. Smith; 9. C. Glover; 10, G. Whithton; 11, T. Middleton.; 12, A. S. Shaw; 13, J. Corless; 14, W. Kerfoot; 15, J. T. Boardman; 16, T. Miller; 17, John Wrench; 18, R. Cook; 19, A. Cooper ; 25, B. Talbot; 21, R. Hol!and. On the motion of Bro. T. WADSWORTH. (Lodge Secretary), seconded by Bro. MAssEv, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. A. H. Crosfield and the donors of prizes, and to Hr. J. Earle for the use of the Brooklands green. Captain CROSPIELD responded and said his brother regretted very much his inability to attend, as he took a very great interest in the lodge. (Applause). On the proposition of the Chairman, Captain Crosfleld was thanked for his attendance. During the evening songs were creditably rendered by Messrs. T. Rumphreys,J.Willett, jun.,and- T. Reddish and humorous sketches by Mr. A. Grounds proved a very popular feature, encores being accorded. Messrs. Fred Webster and H. Farrar acted as accompanists. A vote of thanks was passed to the committee on tip, proposition of Grandmaster Holford, seconded by Deputy Grandmaster J. Taylor. Bro. 0. F. FREEMA.N responded on behalf of the committee. The artistes were thanked on the proposition of Bro. Frank Webster (corresponding secretary), and Mr. Fred Webster responded. The gathering was brought to a close with the sing- ing of the National Anthem.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

Rugby Football.

(By " Ovalist.")

The somewhat despised " Linnets" proved to be very sturdy foes at Wilderspool on Saturday, and Warrington were somewhat fortunate in scraping home by 5 points to 3 paints. Thpy had the better of the game to a coa-,iderable exteat but combined so poorly that they Ivirdly deserved to emerge victorious. The lighter Runcorn men played with great deter- mination and were frequently within an ace of obtain- ing a winning advantage. On the day's play they were the smarter team and deserves encouragement for the excellent fight they made against such powerful opponents as Warrington are usually considered to be at Wilderspool.

It is no secret thlt I.,Varrington expected to beat the Rune rn men by a handsome majority. The corresponding match last season resulted in favour of the home team by something like 18 points to 5 points, and a repetition of the performance was looked for by the Warrington supporters. The "Linnets " were never a side, however, to bow the knee humbly, and buoyed up with a handsome victory over Salford they came to Warrington fully determined to make a great effort. They had a slice of luck in obtaining three point=, but it was fully deserved and a little steadiness near the . close would have snatched the game out of the.fire.

Warrington obtained possession from quite two- thirds of the scrummages, but the backs have seldom been seen to worse advantage. The passing was so slow and illtimed that the smart Runcornians had little difficulty in checking each inroad. In fact they turned Warrington's slovenly work to their own account, for Harrison pouncing on a dropped pass among the home threequarters got clear away and gave among a soft try, which was not improved upon. Three shots at goal from easy positions were also missed by the visitors, and then Warrington used their superior strength with such effecE that tha game was carried to the Runcorn line. Belton had a clear opening when he was deliberately obstructed and everybody expected Mr. ArCutcheon to allow e try. InsteadAhowever, he gave a penalty kick and Fish wiped off two points .of the arrears. Half-time was near at hand and Runcorn retained their lead of one point to the interval.

There was yet n 1 concern among the home support- ers. They were confident in Warrington's ability to put on points when they liked, but some anxiety was apparent before the honr3 !ot got the upper hand. They started off with the appearance of-eyer,vhelming the "Linnets," whose forwards-were quite out of the arAument. The Warrington backs got hold repeat- edly but their progress towards the line did not cul- minate in anything tangible. 'in fact the backs bun- gled so many chances that there seemed a reasonable possibility that Runcorn would win after all. Just when people were feeling least hopeful the forwards took matters into their own hands. From a scrummage, near the line they secured the ball and bore down upon the Runcorn custodian in irresistible fashion and Boardman scored far out, thus eiyititr Warrington, instead of Runcorn a lead. The cheering was a clear indication of the relief felt by the hone Crowd. Once ahead and all Appeared plain sailing for Warrington. The visitors, however., rallied v.!ry pluckily and contested the game in the home quarters repeatedly. Near the close Richardson got away cleverly- and with all his men well up a try appeared eertain. But for once the smart half back made a sad mess of his opportunity. Instead of pass- ing or trying his own luck in a rush, he kiCked and the ball went • smack against the rails before a man could ge near it. It was an awful error, and the Runcorri players are to .be sympathised l. with. They had victory within their grasp and saw it slip away in. the most mortifying way possible—by the faalt of one of their own smartest men.

Needle.;-; to say, Warriogton took charge of affairs with both hands after this, and kept their enterprising opponent.; on the defensive till the referee's whistle proclaimed that the victory wail won. •

The League table up-to-date is as follows :- -For— —Against— P. W. L. D. G. T. Pts. G. T. Pts. Pts. 1 Leeds Wigan 6... 5... 1... 0... 4 10—.38... 5 3 19-10 Oldham Hunslet Hull 6 4. 0.. 5 8— 31... 8 7 37... 8 I Waregen... 6... 3 . 2... 1... 7 10— 41... 3 6 24... 71 Bro't'n R 6... 3... 2... 1... 5 10— 40... 9 4 30... 7 i Bradford 6... 3... 2... 1... 3 10—; 36... 6 10— 42... 7 j Hallfax. Swinton 6... 3... 3... 0... 5 9 37... 7 7 35... GI Salford ... G... 3... 3... 0... 5 9 37... 5 11— 43... 6 Widnes Batley 6... 2... 4... 0...11 9 49...11 12— 53... 4 j Wakefield.. 6... 2... 4... 0...10 3 29... 7 9 41... 4 j Runcorn ... .6... 2... 4... 0... 3 7 27...10 8— 41... 4 Hull K,R. 7... 2... 5... 0... 7 5 29... 4 9 35... 4 Leigh St. Helens 6... 1... 5... 0...11 7 43...0 22 88... 2

• Wigan and Leeds now tie Mr top place, and the visit of the " Colliers " to Warrington next week should therefore be fraught with great interest. They have been remarkably successful so far but have not met many of the crack clubs. Halifax are in the unhappy position of having lost two successive games by a point, and each to a Hull club. On Saturday the Hull team got home at Hanson-lane by a try to a goal, and though Halifax protested on the ground of short time they only forfeited their deposit.. Then on Tuesday they went to the Rovers' ground,and the Hull Robins triumphed by 2 goals to a try. The cup of bitterness at hilly Halifax is just now very full.

Warrington's victories over Leigh and Runcorn maintain them in the proud position of champions of the South-West Lancashire Competition.

The table for the same is as follows : For. Against. 41). W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. Pts Warrington 2... 2... 0... 0.. 3 5 21... 1 1— 5... 4 Wigan 2 2 0... 0... 2 6 22... 3 2 12... 4 Widnes St. Helens 1... 0... 1... 0... 2 1— 7:.. 1 3 11... 0 Leigh Runcorn 2... 0... 2... 0... 0 1— 3... 3 3 15... 0

Warrington " " team have so far an unsullied record in th -3 Lancashire Combination. They were fortunate in winning at Runcorn last Saturday by 3 goals 3 tries to 4 tries, and only the clever place kick- ing of J. Davies got them the verdict. The same player, with Kenyon and Foster, was responsible for the tries also. To-day the Combination champions visit Wilderspool. Last season they won, but War- rington's second string should come out on top this time.

It will be composed as follows: Knight, Kenyon, Berry, Barnes, and Short; J. Davies and Brooks; Ashton, Coleman, Morrison, Harmer, and Forster.

Last night I heard that J. Hughes of Widnes had the misfortune to sustain a broken leg in a tackle near the close of.the trial match at Wigan on Wednesday.

The combination table to-date is P. W. L. D. G. T. Pts. G. T. Pts.Pts. Wigan.(A).. 4... 4... 0... 0...14 31-121... 3 2 12... 8 Chadderton. 4... 4... 0... 0... 9 12— 51... 1 3 11... 8 W'gton (A) 2... 2... 0..0... 3 6 24... 0 5 15... 4 B'gh'nß(A) 3... 2... 1......0... 3 13 45... 2 2 10... 4 Runeorn(ts.) 4... 2... 2... 0... 1 7 23... 4 7 29... 4 St.H. (A)... G... 2... 4... 0... 5 12— 40... 9 19— 75... 4 Oldham (A) 3... 1... 2... 0... 5 10— 40... 3 5 21... 2 Leigh (A)... 3... 1... 2... 0... 1 5 17... 3 5 21... 2 Salford (A) 3... 1... 2... 0... 1 5 17... 7 10— 44... 2 Swinton(A) 3... 1... 2... 0... 0 3 9... 3 10— 36... 2 Widnes (A). 3... 1... 2... 0... 2 2 10... 7 12— 50... 2 R'd'leH.(A) 4... 0... 4... 0... 1 1— 5...12 19— 81... 0

The first trial games prior to the Northern Union County matches have been held this week. Lancashire's representatives were in opposition at Wigan on Wednesday when the Possibles, with an inferior side on paper, beat the Probables by 17 points to 15 points. Strange to say Fish was not a scorer, and I am also told that he was not a trier either. Anyhow he has baen selected as usual, the other wing position going to J. Hughes of Widnes, who scored two good tries. Hallam was,full back for the Probables but gave a poor display and Poole of the Rangers has got the post. Thomas and Boardman are also selected, the former thus gaining County honours for the first time.

In addition to the selection for Lancashire Cu nty, Warrington had Belt on and Cook plaxing for Cheshire against Cumberland on Thurs Jay at Birkenhead, when the Cestrians won a well-contested game by 5 points to 2 points.

The full side is : Hallam, full back ; Fish, Isher- securing the challenge bowl and gold medals in the wood, Dickenson, and Harris, three-quarters ; Davies Liverpool and District League (second division). To and Hockenhall, half-backs ; Preston, Boardman, go through the league fixtures without a single defeat is an achievement of which they may he proud. They Thotnas, Belton, Shugars, Cook, Jolley, and Naylor, forwards. will be the recipients of the gold medals at the annual supper held in Liverpool in December next; Their victory in the league will give them a The Oldham team selected to meet Warrin7ton is place in the first di vision next season as follows : —R. L. Thomas, full back; Spottiswoode, when they will be called upon to meet the premier Civil, S. Lees and Cash, three-quarters ; A.. Lees and teams of Wigan, St. Helens and Everten. Whilst the Lawton, halves ; \Towles, Frater, Ferguson, thVellS, Warrington first team has been doing SO well, the second Wilkinson, Kelly, Ellis, and D. Thomas, forwardS. team has been doing just the reverse. They occupy the The Oldham men, it will be seen, include the old , unenviable position of being at the bottom of the third pack. division league and only won one league match during originals A. Lees and Lawton. behind the These two have long been considered" dme,' but the season' - Warrington will have to beware of their strategy if they do not wish to be left in the lurch.

The season's results were' as follows : FIRST TEAM.

June 7 Everton (cup tie) „ 9 Burslern (friendly) „ 14 St Elelens (league) July 7 Everton (league) W „ 19 Everton (league) W Aug. 4 Southport (friendly) „ 23 Southport (friendly) Sap. 8 St. Helens (league,' W „ 13 Wigan (league) 21 Wigan (league) 4 Burslera (friendly) SECOND TEAM. June 21 Birkenhead (league) 28 South Hill (league) L 7 Everton (league) L „ 19 Everton (league) D Aug. 10 South Hill (league) „ 16 Woolton (league) l4 23 Birkenhead (league) 8 Chester (league) ... ~ 13 Woolton (league) Oct. 12 Chester (league)

(Yet.

j a y

s;.

L

In the 111.4 team's cup tie match with Everton the result was a draw. The match was ordered to be replayed and Everton succeeded in getting the verdict in their favour. In the friendly match with Southport, the visiting team left the bath before the close of play and the cutest was therefore abandoned. The second team it will be seen won their first league match with Birkenhead. A protest was afterwards lodged by the Birkenhead team on the gr )und tint some of the War- rington first team players were included. In default of not replaying the match, two points were conceded to Birkenhead.

A friendly match is to be played at Northwich on Tuesday evening. The Warrington team will be con- stituted as follows :—C. Wood (goal), C. Ashton and W. Ashton (full backs), A. Ashton (half back), W. Sutton, R. Allen and J. Peers (forwards). Northwich have an unbeaten squadron team and a team from Warrington has been chosen to challenge the saltmen's supremacy. The Warrington sqn tdron team will consist of vlessrs. Walter. Arthur and Charles Ashton, J. Pe..rs, R. Allen, T. Pemberton. and W. Sutton. Reserves, S. Walker, P. Howard an J. Rathbone.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
Hockey.

Stockton Heath first team journeyed to Huyton last Saturday,with the determination to win if possible, and although E. Pierpoint was still absqnt thronqh cold avid R. Pierpoint found it inconvenient to play at the last moment,we still had hopes of victory:

' Huyton had their best eleven doing duty, and upon paper should have beaten Stockton Heath by more than the odd goal, the scare bein9; 2-1. As it was, had the usual contra beln playing, Huvton would have had a hard time, and at the best would have claimed a draw.

To see the way the Stockton Heath forwards fiddled

-- . about with the hall was ann-Oyini,after the form shown .nting exhibition the week before. R. Pierpoint's absence seemed to have It was certainly a most disapp.n from a Warrington point of view. Had Rancorn ruined thecotubination among the inside mea,which was possessed enough weight in the pack to c nitro' the such a orarninent feature against Bankfield. One felt scrums they must have triumphed, for the borne back sorry for 'floks. 'ell wls out of luck, everything he division was decidedly under a cloud, and corn- did 'i" wr", but nobody was more sorry than he, iat hs no, bieng a)le to hold the for vards together. . b ‘1 pared unfavourably with the visitors' rearguard when on the move. Fortunately for Warring- .Chis week one mast P raise the hic'cs.lPlavin-, behind ton the forwards, with Preston back again, a beaten set of forwards, they did very will to keel were p medal enough to maintain an advantage the score down to two. and even to win the game single-handed.. Of the backs, only Fish and Hallam did. themselves. justice. 1 The second team werealso beaten by Horton 2nd, but bad the home goalkeeper been in form, at least two of The halves were slow in getting the ball away and the centres were so unreliable that they were corn- the Huyton goals would not have been scored. The paratively harmless. Isherwood handled the ball as if ; result was 4-'l. T,ll goals for Stockton gEfeath were it were red-hot and has seldom shown each weakness.. scored by W. G. Lon,gdin, D. Skelton and W. Howard. on the attack. However the next match may see the i -- men in form again. They could hardly sh)w such The following is a list of the goal scorers up-to-date: ... general inedmpete'uce two weeks together. Had the Afat2ches. ' Goals. forwards been overplayed the, backs would have had W. Richardson ... 1 - some excuse, but under the circumstances of Saturday R C.. Pierpoint H. Bond - I last, the men behind had numberless golden oppor- S. Baxter tunities. It is seldom they can be allowed to go Matches. Goals. 2 n

begginy, without disaster ensuinci were Warrington fortunate to

In this respect

W. G. Longdin D. Skelton R. Monks 2 W. Howard

45 If 2nd Team. Total-12.

Runcorn were compellei to play a couple of reserve full -backs on the wing, and both men acquitted themselves excellently. There were few chances for The fnllowinc tans have ben seleotedt) play versus South Manchester. individual brilliance, but no one would have imagined . First (away) : R. G. Pierplint. coal ;L. Fairclonch and E. E. Woods, backs ; J. Richardson. H. Kirk- position they occupied. Houghton was quite his old connel and J. G. Hatton, halves; C. H. Bond, S. Batter, self, while Butterworth,. Price and R:chardson all R. Pierpnint, W. Richardson. and R. Fairclnugh. for- played clever football, but showed a tendency' to wards. Referee, Mr.r. R. M. Roberts. Train leaves kick rather too frequently. The eight light forwards Celletcraoll (home)tlon • H. Hertlant goal : E. Pierpoint ,l. ~... proved themselves possessed of speed and stamina, 6n and P. B. Hawtin, backs; H. Smith, E. Fairclonch and and it was surprising how they kept.%) the unequal J. Houghton, halves ; A. Fercusnn, W. Howard, W. G. struggle. For once in a way Warrington looked to Longdin, A. Hodckinson, D. Skelton, forwards. have a very formidable octette. Referee, IVitr. Bellamy. Bully off 3 o'clock.

To-dav the Warrington team ‘vill be at full strength E,.Pierpoint is °laying for the second team, so as to get into form. He and Hawtin ought to be a match for for the first titne since the opening match of th e season. Harris has recovered from his twisted kne e any second team forwards. and is down to play once more. lam sure all War- R. Pierpoint is again unable to turn out with the first rington supporters Vill wish him better- luck. He has team, so H. Kirkoonnel will go centre forward, and been very much in the wars during the last twelve Eric Fairelough will come in as twelfth man. - months and ought to have a long immunity from • - - - accidents in the future. The opposition for this after- It is a long time Inca Stockton Heath beat South noon will be severe. Warrington's hopes have getter- Manchester on thei, own ground. Will they manage it ally been eKtinguished at Oklhata this afternoon? but there is uo The following are some of the results of the local reason why the team to-day should not have an even • • matches, played on the ground of tht.i first named : chance of, success. They are, I sh-mld imagine, as Brooklands 0, Northern 12. strong in all departments as the Watersheddings men, Bebington 5, tiersal 1. and given a return to fOrin they should go .a long way! - Bowdon 4, Oxton 1. towards capturing the points. Such a success 'would ! South Manchester 1, Al' rincha:n 0. . do them a world of go id and lam in hopes that the I Sale 8. Whalley 2. news from the seat of war this afternoon wil Ibe Chester 2, Timperley 1. ' Western 3, Alderley Ede* 0. welcome reading in Warrington. : Eccles 2' Latchford 5. Latchford 2nd 4, Eccles 0. Huyton 2, Stockton Heath 1. Stockton Heath 2nd 3, Huyton 1. '

I TRUSS.—New washable waterproof is the most suit- able for tropical climates ; ' it is light, clean cool, corn- . ---- fortable and durable; can be worn whilst bathing— I Water Polo. WHITE & WRIGHT, Surgical Instrument Makers, 93, 1 The Warrington first team is to be congratulated on Renshaw Street, Liverpool.—Advt. i

===== 0002601_19041015_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
Angling.

The annual contest in connection with the Past and Present Olcers of the Warrington Anglers' Association was fished in the Bridgewater Canal at Agden on Satur- day afternoon last. The climatic conditions which prevailed were anything but of a favourable character and consequently sport was not at all of a brisk nature. Three hours' fishing was allowed, and the competitors were at liberty to fish where they pleased. Result—lst, W. H. Gandy. 10oz. lldrs. ; 2nd, T. Nixon; 3rd, F. J. Emson ; 4th, N. Cook, and sth, W. H. Podmore.

In comparison with other past week-ends of the season, that of last week showed a considerable diminution in the number of anglers who had ventured out in pursuit of sport amongst the various classes of course fish. Probably the "gale "of Saturday after- noon deterred many. What anglers were out did not, as a rule, record any sport of but a very moderate character. The river Gowy was practically a blank and the Old River at Lymm did not sustain its reputation, Mr. Sam Thomas being about the only and most success- ful angler engaged. The Old Quay Canal has been fairly well patronised of late and at odd times some fairly good fishing has been registered amongst the roach. Nfr. W. Shaw had three nice fish from here last week end. The lower length of the river Bollin has been productive just lately of decent roach fishing and the rains have freshened up the river somewhat. No reports are to hand from the rivers Dee and Weaver. Several good specimens of pike have this week come into War- rington having been captured in certain private waters in Cheshire.

I.overs of match fishing are reminded of the open competition to be fished at Broadheath to-day and for which entries will be accepted on the bank up to three o'clock. The first prize is R 1 10s. and from all accounts the first venture of the Broadheath and District Angling Society will prove a success. It should be noted that only standard sized fish are eligible for weighing.

Oa Saturday next the 22nd inst, another open match, under the control of several prominent members of the Association will be decided in the Bridgewater Lymrn, near to the Bridgewater Arns. Entries will he received up to 2.45 p.m. on the bank.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
HARVEST FESTIVALS.

FACTORY-YARD MISSION.

The harvest festival was celehrtte at this mission on Sunday. The mission room was beautifully decorated with plants, flowers. y)getables, , b friends from Holy Trinity under the snpervision of Mrs. Carleton. In the afternoon a scholars' service was conducted by Mr. Taylor, P.C.M., who gave ai addresi from Psalm cxxxvi 1. In the evening the room was again well filled. Mr. Taylor read the praTers ahrl lessons, aryl an appropriate ser non was preanl.i.ei by the Env. E.S. Mozon, M.A.. from Psalm ctn. 1. The collections, which were good, were given to the Police CoartiMis- ions.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
WORRINGMM'S MISSION, i3tN:i: QUAY'.

The harvest thinksgiving services in connection with the above were held on Sunday but, the preacher, morning and evening being Mr. A. Perkins of Warring- ton. The chipel hii bee i decoratel with fruit, flower- £c., presenting a very pleasing appearance. In the afters noon a service of song was rendeced entitled "Crippled Robbie," the connective readings being given by AIM Vanda M. Taylor. The collections. which were for the new organ fund. amounted to £l2 10s. 4d. On Monday evening a " social" and fruit banquet were held. Z.' Hough presiding. Songs were rendered by Mr. S • Millington, and Mrs. Hannan and'a, pianoforte duet by Miss Oakley and I.llr. F. Atkinson. A violin and piano- forte duet duet by the Misses Pooley wts Well received by the audience, and in resosnse to in Inc Ire •‘1111;q0int,„ Rufus" wts given in good style. Diring the evening the teichers and Men Is presented one of their trlmber (\lr4. 13111 (by) with a chins, tei service on the occnion of her mirriage. Mr. Hough', in making the prosentition allq Is 1 in aporecittive terms to Mrs. B sckby's valinle s srvices in conneltion with the Sunday school, and wishei her much h %opines. in her married life. Ars. Backby brierly acknowledge,' the gift. Refreshments were served and a pleisan' meeting concluded with the singing of the Oxology.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE W:.+l-3L%YANTcrLFVJi

There were large congregations at this church on Sunday when the harvest thanksgiving services were held. The following lailes ware responsible for the beautiful decontlons : C )-arninion table, Sm.. Mrs. Walter Bennett., Ntes. -3. Ovvton, Misi C. J. Bennett, and the Misses Elsie and Nfarjorie Bennett ; Mrs. Marmon and Miss MatOn win-lows, Mrs. Thorn- ton and 'Ezard chanielier:, Mrs. Plinston and the Misses Etglesdald. Bennett, 9. Lonlon, L. Riffles, and May Gandy ; o-gin, Miss Ethel Mison. On the com- munion table stool a beantifully mile miniature stack of corn—the work of Mr. J. Brith-_sir.ovrlei 'ov various kinds of fruit. The morning welcher was the Rev. Joseph Mtnning, who woke from the w trks. " Thmy are new every morning." while the Rev. R. Wilkins Rees occupied the pulpit in the evening and based his discourse on the words, "The sum.ner is ended." The music ti portion of the services was rendered by the choir, wider the letdetshio of Mr. WI Brough. Tn the morning the anthem, " I will exto Thee, my God, 0 King," ww.; sung, while in the evening the anthem. "The :earth is the Lord's" was nirtienlarly well rendered. MIR, C. J. Bennett presided at the organ. The offertories were in aid of the circuit funds

===== 0002601_19041015_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PAUL'S CUURCTI.

The harvest thanksgiving services were commenced on Wednesday evening when there was a large cow:T.3- gation. The church had been very beautifully decorated the artistic way in which the flowers. fruit and cereals had been arranged producing a very pleasing effect. The following ladies were responsible for the work : Altar and chancel. Mrs. Bracenamp and Miss Westwell font. Mrs. Lord, Miss Reid, Miss Doris Admits ; pulpit, the Misses Smethurst, ; rustic arch at west entrance, Mrs. Parsonage and Mrs. Barber ; windows, Mrs. White and Miss Wainwright ; gasaliers. Miss Houghton And Miss Wielsh. General assistance was riven by Mesdames Robinson. S-nethnrst, Trnslove, H. Collins,' Locker. Lindley and T-I. •lollev. The service was conducted by the R,evs. W a . Bracecanin nd T. W. Barber, the lessons being rev! bythe Rev. R. H. Bowen. The Drencher was the Rev. .1. G. MeCo unick, Vicar of St. Paul's, Prince's P irk, Liverpnol, who based an eloquent and earnest discourse On the words "Thrust in thy sickle and reap "(Revelations xiv., 15,) The . choir rendered the anthem "While the earth remaineth" (Maunder), the solo lining taken by Mr. Radcliffe. Mr. E. Wilkes, A.L.C.M., presided at the organ. The ser- vices will be continued toenorrow (Sunday). 10-ien the Preachers will he :—Morning. Rev. D. Morton 'Vicar of ; St. Paul's, Within%) : children's service (afternoon),Rev. T. W. Barber ; men's service, Rev. R. H. Bowen even- ing. the Vicar. The offertories are on behalf of the endowment fund.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPERTY OWNERS AND THE RATES.

ANNUAL MEETING

OF THE WARRINGTON ASSOCIATION.

Would a Cattle Market Pay?

The annull meeting of the Warrington and District Property Owners' Association was held in the Cairo- street schools on Wednesday evening,Mr. J. Lunt presid- ing in the absence of the president (Mr. Joseph• Moan- field). There was a fair attendance, including Coun- cillors Lord and Pemberton, Messrs. E. England, R. Henshall, C. D. Parkinson, W. Throssell, W. H. Stans- field, and J. Skelland. Mr. A. J. WILLETT, solicitor to the Association,wrote regretting his inability to attend." The question of rates at the present time" he added "is a very serious matter and I feel that the Association ought to have the hearty support of all property Owners. It is only by combina- tion that you will achieve success." THE REPORT AND BALANCE SHEET.

The Committee, in their second annual report, stated that there was a balance in the bank of £6 18s Bd. Many members had availed themselves of the advan- tages of the Association, useful service having been ren- dered to theta both as regarded assessments for rating, and the bringing about of amicable settlements of affairs in dispute, which were of vital importance to property- owners in general. The Committee were desirous of impressing upon the members the importance of co-operation and of further increasing the membership, thereby adding to the strength of an association which was non-political and formed absolutely with one inten- tion, namely, the safe-guarding of the interests of property owners generally. On the motion of the CHAIRMAN, seconded by Mr. J. SKELLAND the report was adopted.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT.

The CHA.TRMAN informed the meeting that IVlr.Monn- field, their president, desired to be relieved of the office, owing to indifferent health. It was, however,his intention to continue his membership of the Associa- tion. The committee had decided to ask Mr. Robert Henshall, who was an enthusiastic member. to accept the presidency, and he had great pleasure in moving that Mr. Henshall be elected.

Mr. THROSSELL seconded and the motion was heartily carried.

'ate • • •-••• Mr. HENSH .A.LL then took the chair, remarking that he accepted the office with a conviction of duty and a sense of responsibility as a fellow-sufferer. He did not want to pose as a martyr. but as one who had felt accutely the present condition of civic affairs—which Was unhappily, not limited to Warrington.—he was willing to " all he could to further the interests of the Association. (Hear, hear.) He had a great deal of faith in the town, and the situa- tion of W,7irrington was such that perhaps no town in Englani had greater facilities for expansion and develop- ment, if it was rightly governed. He did not wish to say that the town was not rightly governed, but it had not reached that state of perfection which needed no improvement. If it were necessary to the health and education of the town that the rates should be main- tained and even increased, he did not object very strongly. As a member of that Association, however, he was anxious that the rates should be equitably dis- tributed. He was not sure whether the anxiety on the part of those who had governed the town in past years to keep the rates lo ,A at any cost, had not, as it, were, incurred a mortgage which they were now called upon to discharge. The Association stood for econo:uv compatible with efficiency in government, but above all they wished to bring about equitable taxattion. The margin of profit left to the cottage property owner, as the result of his speculation and care,ha,d been constantly narrowed, until it Was almost an unknown quantity. 'The Association should if possible devise a scheme for the benefit of the relatively poor and thrifty owners. It had been suggested that a scale should be drawn up to ensure that in proportion as the rates increased, the rent or money that was paid for the rates should be altered. For the objects he had alluded to, he was prepared to give all the time and ability he possibly could, and he hoped he could confidently rely upon the loyal support of the members. (Applause). THE COMMITTEE AND OTHER OFFICERS. COUNCILLOR PEMBERTON AND UNFAIR TREATMENT OF OWNERS.

The following were elected members of the corn- mittee :—Messrs. E. England, W. Throssell, J. Skelland, Robert Lee, F. Pendlebury, J. H. Gittens, T. Barton, T. Critchley, W. Cooper, C. Longshaw' W. Hickman, John Pemberton, H. Winstanley, T. Harding, J. T. Whittle, W. H. Stansfield, J. T. Barton, R. Dale, Stephen Dale, and A. B. Marsh. Regret was expressed that the secretary (Mr. A. H. Clive) was desirous of resigning and Mr. G. T. Diggle was appointed to succeed him. Mr. ENGLAND moved the re-election of Mr. J. Lunt as treasurer, and said they could not have a better man for the post. It was distinctly creditable to him that there was a balance on the right side. Councillor PFABFIRTON seconded and said Mr. Lunt had done all he could in the interests of the society. (Hear, hear). Warrington, he should think, was the lowest-rented town in England. For the purpose of convenience the property owners many years ago agreed to pay the tenants' rates. Unfortunately for the ' owners, the rates had been continually increasing while the rents hal not. If the property owners would com- bine to take action, they would get the rants they were justly entitled to. It had been a great deal for the convenience of theCorporation,and to save that authority trouble and expense, that the owners had paid the rates in a lump sum. In many cases they lost Part of the rates altogether, because the houses happened to become untenanted: Every member of the Association should do his utmost to induce others to join. (Hear, hear.) As a member of the Corporation, he could tell them that the representations made by the committee of the Association had received proper attention, and he was glad they had. The owners would have no one but them- selves to blame if they did not get the justice they were entitled to. They were treated unfairly in many ways—in fact they seemed to be the "fair but" of everyone. At times they were nut to unnecessary expense by Corporation officials. If three-fourths of the owners of Warrington would combine they would be a real working force, and there was not the slightest doubt that the organization would act as a check on the expenditure and the rates would not be as heavy. He agreed with efficient government, but they should get it a great deal cheaper. His experience of the Town Council was that no trading concern in the world could make a profft if its business was conducted in the same way that the Warrington Corp oration's business wad. • The proposition was carried unanimously. ' In responding Mr. LuNT said the apathy of Warring- ton property owners was most disheartening. Why they should lack enthusiasm he did not know. He hoped that next year the Ass ,ciation would be stronger and that they would he able to present a bolder front. Messrs. GRIFFETEIS and ilnieff were appointed auditors.

INTERESTING SUGGESTTONS. TEIE TAXATION OF LAND VALUES. WOULD A CATTLE MARKET PAY?

A general discussion then took place. ' Mr. ENGLAND thought the members would be agreed that they Lad made a very happy choice in their president. He thought it augiirel well for the year's work. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Henshall had alluded to War- rington's geographical advantages, and the town was probably as well situated as any in England for industrial purposes. He was also very keen on the equitable distribution of rates. It seemed to him (Mr. England) that as a Property Owners' Association they could do some amount of good in helping forward the movement, which was very much to the fore at the present time, for the taxation of ground values. They were all well aware that It was mere than a party question, and he believed it was a matter that the association could very well take up. Land in towns ought to bear an equal rate with house- hold property, and the association should strengthen the Corporation to move in the matter. From time to time the Corporation were asked to assist in the move- ment, and he thought the association ought to ask them to help it forward. Other things could be done in Warrington to help on the progress of the town. Any- thing that could bring money into the town, and help to pay the rates, would be of assistance not only to property owners, but to everybody in the town. It seemed to him that Warrington would be a very good centre for a cattle market. The chief local expert on the matter of markets was Mr. Elijah Place. and he stated that he considered R 2,000 could he obtained by tolls from a Warrington cattle market. He (Mr. England) thought the Association would be wise if they asked the Corporation to take the subject into their serious consideration. He believed it would be to the welfare'of all the inhabitants of Warrington. If they could obtain £l,OOO a year for the rates from a cattle market it would be a great deal, and the very fact of detalers and farmers visiting the town would cause money to be spent. The tradespeople would thus be benefited. He might say that he was a believer in a vigorous policy. He did not think Warrington could afford to stand still in spite of the high rates. He, of Course, svmpathiberl with the property-owners and ratepayers, but he thought they might take it for granted that they got. to some extent. Ivalise for the rates. Tt would be money well snent if the main streets were .widened at once. They could not expect people to come to Warrington to shop if the shops were not attractive, and it seemed impossible for many shop keepers to make their places attractive-owing to the narrow streets. Mr. HICKMAN said that as far as the society was con- cerned, a more important matter than land values or cattle markets was the strengthening, of their member- ship. Every property-owner in Warrington ought to be a subscribing member. In past years there had been great inequality and laxity in the system of rating in Warrington, but he was happy to tell them that that was passing away. Since the revaluation of the town many people who had not been paying anything like

the amount they ought to have paid had been. pulled up to concert pitch. At the present time, however, he believed there were many who were not rated as they ought to be. Mr. STANSFIELD pointed out that the membership of the Association was nearly 150. He sympathised with Mr. England to a great extent on the question of ground values, but he did not share his views with regard to a cattle market. Warrington was not far from Birkenhead and butcher:s ware able to buy their stock from that town. Then again even if £l,OOO was received from a market a great deal might be swallowed up in officials'salaries. Property-owners were too much in the hands of Corporation officials, and he did not think it would be a bad thing to put in a polite hint that officials should live in the town and help to pay the rates. (Hear, hear.) Councillor PEMBERTON said th 3 Town Council had in hand at present a scheme for opening a cattle market. Such a market would be to the advantage not of Warrington butchers alone, bat of the farmers in South Lincashire and Cheshire. Corporation officials, ha contended, were too highly paid and there were too many of than. The Property Owners' Association ought to be dire3tly represented on the Town Council. Efforts should be made to advertise Warrington—to point out the advantages which the town presented to manufacturers. It was well served with, railways, was near the coal fields, and had a big working class population. Every tenant ought to pa y I his rates direct, as was the case in Oldham. Then there would not be one half of the present apathy of rate- payers in regard to municipal affairs. The CHAIRMAN pointed out that land not far from Warrington which might be suitable for industrial development, was very highly priced. After farther discussion the m ieting was closed.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE fiONDOLIERS."

NEXT WEEK'S PERFORMANCES.

A Chat with Mr. Thornley-Dodge.

When it became known that the Warrington Musical Society had been successful in again securing: the services of Mr. Thornley-Dodge as stage manager and dramatic instructor for the fortlic ming perform- ances of "The Gondoliers," it was felt that the success of the opera from a dranntic point of view was assurel It is just a year ago since lie piloted the society through the dramatic intr:gicies of light opera and the success which attended the perform- ances of" The Ye.unen of the Guard " was such as to enhance the reputation of Mr. Thornley-Dodge as a dramatic instructor. Those who witnessed the per- formances were warm in their praises of the work of Mr. Thornley-Dodge, and they shlwed their appre- ciation by a loud recall laefor- t:Ic; curtaih. ! The town is .now expectantly awaiting the raising of • the curtain on the second venture of the Warrington 'Musical Society in operatic work. Encouraged by the success of last year's light opera, the members, have gone a step further this year, and on .Tuesday. they will be seen for the first time in comic opera. " The Gondoliers " by Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan has been chosen for representation. Byron in one of his poems gives us 'rather a sombre picture of the: gondolier : • "In Venice, Tasso's echoes are no more ' And silent rows the songless gondolier." In the hands of Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan, the gondolier assumes a very different character. The- two gondoliers represented in the opera sing, dance and make merry— . " Two there are for whom, in dub, Every maid in Venice sighs " For sOrne months past, the members of the musical society. have bee engaged in practising the libretto, and music of this collaborated work, and it was with the object; of obtaininc, a few impressions from Mr. Thornley-Dodge on the work of the members that a reporter of "The Examiner" sought an interview with. him. Mr. Thornley-Dodge professes a strong disregard' for the interviewer, but he was induced to engage in a brief chat. In reply to a preliminary question as to - his opinion of the forthcoming performance of "The- Gondoliers," Mr. Thornley-Dodge said "The rehearsals are going along swimmingly and we are getting through some hard work. lam feel- ing quite happy as to the performances. Every- body seems enthusiastic for its .sucaess. They enter thoroughly into the Spirit of the thing and endeavour to give a liveliness and reality to the / scenes. lam particularly pleased with the way theY' have entered into the spirit of the dancing, whiell. forms so characteristic a part of the "The Gondoliers. It was a matter of great gratification to me the other evening when the two gondoliers and their wives danced their part remarkably well at the end of an- hour's instruction."

" Were you pleased with the last performance by the members?" asked the reporter. " Very. It was in every way creditable. Vocally - the Warrington society is the best I have ever coached. The music is perfectly safe in the hands of gr. Cross- ley, the conductor, who thoroughly understands his business. We get on very well together," "Do you think this year's performance will be. equal to that of last ?" " Well you ,cannot compare the two. It wou!d. be rather unfair to do so. Last year's work was light opera whilst " The Gondoliers " is distinctly a comic opera. "The Yeomen of the Guard" calls for acting. of the highest order, whilst " The Gondoliers " re- quires as much vivacity and humour as can be put into it." " What is your opinion of the cast for " The Gondoliers ?"

"It is 4 very strong one. Nearly all the artistes who appeared last year are included, and the new- comers,xvill I feel sure, more than exceed expectations -- I would not lik3 at this stage to particularise, but venture to predict that the audience will not only be delighted with the performance of their- local artistes' but there will be some personal successes made. If the opera does not go well there will not he a more disappointed person in the hall than myself." Mr. Thornlev-Dodge is an extremely busy man, and the demands upon his time and services are eon- stan.tly increasing. He has already in hand, in addi- tion to" The Gondoliers" at Warrington," The Scrap of Paper Waterfoot ; Mr. Kilvert's production at Brooklarids of "San Toy," where he will make his bow to the audience in the character of Li ; "The Yeomen of the Guard " and " H.M.S. Pinafore" at Bury, and arrangements are also in progress for the production of" The Gondoliers" at Buxton. Besides , his work as dramatic instructor, Mr. Thoruley-Dodg@. has large calls upon his time for concert work. As a • humorist he has gained a high reputation. Our only , fear is that his increasing popularity may lead him to quit the role of coaching amateur dramatic societies- , and adopt the wider field of the stage for the display of his undoubted talents.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PETER'S SALE OF WORK.

[Continued from Page C.] YESTERDAY'S PROCEEDINGS.

Yesterday afternoon" the sale was re-opened by Coun- cillor John Roberts—The Vicar announced that Thurs- day's proceeds amounted to .£53 17s. 9d. In asking Councillor Roberts to open the sale, the Vicar said he had been ,:onnected with the Church for many years, in fact he was a churchwarden long before the'present church' was opened. He had stuck to them through good and evil report, and had given most generously for the advance- ment of the work. (Applause). Councillor ROBERTS gave a number, of in- teresting reminiscences of the days when the services were conducted in that schoolroom and alluded to the self-denying efforts which led to the erection Of St. Peter's Church. He paid a tribute to the Work of the clergy, his fellow-warden (Mr. Balmforth), and the sidesmen, and said they at St. Peter's were a ver-v happy family. On the motion of Mr. J. Balruforth seconded by gr. T. S. Steel a vote of thanks was accorded to Councillor Roberts and the sale was resumed. In the evening a band under the conductorship of Mr. T. Boothroyd gave selections. Tbe total proceeds of the sale were over .£92.

===== 0002601_19041015_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
in Memoriam.

in loving memory of Henry Hewitt Dutton, who died October 11th, 1893. . " Jew], the Prince of Peace, Thy chosen never die • Like Thee they conquer, In the strife To reign with Thee on high." '

STONE—On October 2nd at 56, Bewsev4oad, Warring- ton, Anne, the•beloved wife of the late Thomas Stone aged 66 years. Interred at the Warrington Cemetery' October 6th. .

===== 0002601_19041015_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
Deaths.

HUMERI' —October 7th. r V trrington fafirtrory Thomas iiibbert, aged :30 years. PARKER—October Bth, at Knutsfo rd-road, Warrington, Thomas Parker, aged 45 years.

Warrington.—Printed and published by JOTIN WAT,K RR & CO., at The Examiner General Printing Bew-ly-street, and published by them at the slim place,alid also at T gra 'nine o,licat3, ViCtoria-ro WIDNES;MI 32, George-street, Sr. HELENS; 3, MarkEW ' street, EA.rtLzsTows; Church-street RUNCORN, Oat' 15th, 1904. Works

===== 0002601_19041015_art0160.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19041015_art0161.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,-000iiw''-

===== 0002601_19041015_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWSEY ROAD WhSLEYAN CHURCH TOMORROW (SUNDAY) OCTOBER 16th. At 10.30 Rev. J. MANNING. At 6.30 Rev. R. WILKINS REES. RVENING St:B;EcT: "Coming to oneself and coming to God." All welcome. Hymn Books provided. 11 0L D STREET WESLEYAN CIII7RCB WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) OCTOBER 16th. At 10.30 Rev. R. WILKINS REES. At 6.30 Rev. G. H. CI, IINSON. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

• bAPTIST CHURCH. LATCHFORD . THE AUTUMNAL SERMONS WILL RE PREACHED ON SUNDAY OCTOBER 16TH 1904, BY THE REV. J. C. ELDER, OF MILTON, ACTON BRIDGE. SERVICES :—MORNINGI 10.3 C. EVENING 6.30. A Young Peonib's Service will be held in the afternoon at 2.3owhPn an Address will be delivered by REV.J. C.ELDER. SPECIAL MY' NS AND ANTHEMS AT EACH SERVICE. Collections In nid of Church Fonda. Your Pretence and- Sunrort are Rarnestly Invited.

MACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly, adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 20s. GOLD INLAY AOS. MACDON &LDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLA.BbES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS-1 to 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CFIURCEIZST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 18 P.M. MANCHESTER, 9, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 18IP.M.

ACADEMY 6TREET CHAPEL, WARRINGTON. AN ADDRESS WM BE GIVEN (D.V.) IN THE ABOVE CHAPEL, ONIWEDNESDAY NEXT. OCT. 19Ts, 1901, ENTITLED " THE WORD OF GOD: ITS TRUTH AND ITS POWER." By DR. BULLINGER, Secretary of the Society. The Chair will be taken at 7.30 p.m. by MR. HENRY EYES. of. Appleton. The Coiled ion will be in aid of the above Society's work at Rome and Abroad-

MANCHESTER POULTRY AND PIGEON SHOW.—BELLE VUE GARDENS. OCTOBER 18. 19, 20. POULTRY PIGEONS, RABBITS AND CAVIES. INCUBATORS IN OPERATION. COME AND SEE THE CHICKENS HATCHING. FIREWORKS, WEDNESDAY. SECOND DAY. ADMISSION :—October 18th, 2s. 6d. up to 3 p.m., Is. 6.1. after 3 p.m. ; October 19th. is. 6d. up to 2 p.m., Is. after 2 ; October 20th. Is. all rt,ty. Prices include admission to Mlle Vue Gardens but 6.1. extra will be charged after 4 o'clock on October 19th (Firework Day). _ W YCLIFFE CONtittEGATIONAL CHURCH, BEWSEY STREET. HARVEST THANKSGIVING TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) OCTOBER 16TH. PREACHER :—REV. J. YONGE. MORNING SUBJECT :—T MI FEAST OF HARVE3T. EvENIN,-; ;—OUR LORD'S TEXT AT THE HARVEST FESTIVAL. Morning Anthem :—Ye shall dwell in the Land."—Stainer. h`rening Anthem:— 'Sing to the Lord:of Hatvest "—Barnby "The eyes of all wait on Thee."—Elvey Service at 10.30 a.m. and 6.30 p m. COLLECTION.? IN AID OF MAINTENANCE FUND.

ISS ETHEL PINKS WILL RESUME HER 111 DANCING AND PHYSICAL CULTURE CLASSES at TOFT'S ASSEMBLY IWO AS, BRIDGE STREET. Juveniles and Adults. WEDNESDAY evening, October 12th, SATURDAY morning, October 15th. FOR PROSPECTUS APPLY TO 4, SALISBURY STREET, WARRINGTON.

CITY OF BRADFORD KXHIBITION.—ENDLESS VARIETY OF INTERESTING FEATURES. • Art Section. Industrial Section. Textile Section aria Women's Section. Somali Village (first time in Ragland) Naval Spectacle (Russo-Japanese War.) Palace of Illusions. Crystal Maze. Baby Incubator Institute. Captive Balloon. All the best Military and Orchestral Bands. Organ Recitals, Water Chute. Illuminated Fountains. Tens of thousands. of Fairy Lamps, etc. All dav, Is, ; after 6 o'clock, 6d.; Children 6d, Saturday, ed• For special facilities inquire at Tourist offices.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTE I TAILS OF FRoM HAIR FRAMES, PURR FROM 3/8 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL. -

ALF. HALE, Baritone Vocalist ipuDil of Mr. Ditchbu n. Manchester Cathedra!). CONCERTS, AT Homo. SMOKERS, ac.—Aduress 697, Knutsford id., Warrington.

THE SECOND AMATEUR OPERA. PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. FIVE GRIND STAGE-PERFORMANCES of the Gilbert- Sullivan Opera "THE GONDOLIERS," (By permission of Mrs. D'Oyly Carte) BRXT TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY Avn SATURDAY. OOTOBER 18TH TO 22ND. EY Members of the Warrington Musical Society, in aid of the society's funds. THE CACHUOHA " GRIND SPROTACUL AR and CHORAL DANCE. PULL CHORIIS and ORCHESTRA. SPLENDID NE'S COSTUMES and SCENERY. PRICES OF ADMISSION. Reserved Orchestra Stalls (Dress, except Sat. Oct. 22nd) Reserved Centre Gallery, 35.; Reserved Second Seats (Body of Hall).Ps. ; Side Galleries, Is. 6d. ; Back Gallery, is. ; Back Seats (Body of Hall), 6d. N.B.—Although tickets will not be issued in excess of the caPacity of the unreserved parts of the hall, seats on any Particular night cannot be guaranteed to holders. They will however be admitted 15 minutes before payment at the door le accepted, and, to avoid disappointment the advisability of using such tickets during the early part of the week is strongly urged. THE PLAN OF RESERVED SEATS is now opera at Messrs. 11. H. PEARSON'S, LTD.. Bold-street, Warrington. Some extra 2s. second reserved seats have been added to the Plan for each night of performance, and there are still some good seats in the Orchestra Stalls. SPECIAL TRAIN will run to Frodsham and inter- usediate stations after the Opera on Thursday Oct. 20th. The Latchford and Wilderspool Cars will run to Parr Hall, commencing at 6.15 each evening And will take up p mangers isiter each rrformance. Doors open at 7. Curtain rises at 7.30 prompt. Carriages 1.0.15. Early Doors (for Ticket-holders only) at 6.45. J. NEWCOMBE, Hon. Sec., Opera Committee.

ON AND AFTER THIS DAY ENOCH BOUDLER, 18, MAMMON ST.' BA.RUISTOWN, will NOT be RESPONSIBLE for any DEBTS incurred by his wife, Mary Boudler.

SPECTACLES. PERRY'S PEBBLE SPECTACLES PERRY & Co., OP r ICIANS AND ELECTRICIANS, 5, SEYMOUR ST. (Near London Road). LIVERPOOL. Eyesight testing Rooms for the accurate fitting of Spectacles. Olientszvisited at their own homes on receipt of post card. tend for our Booklet.

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months', notice or for a serm of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

fIOUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.- k) NOTICE IS HERESY GIVEN that that portion Battersby-lane lying between Hopwood-street on the South and Hamilton-street on the North, will be closed for vehicular traffic from Midnight Saturday 22nd October 1904, .until Midnight Monday 24th October 1904. By order THOMAS LONGDIN, Borou,rh engineer and Surveyor. Toon Hall, 50th September 1904.

MIiMORIAL TO THE SOUTH LANCASHIRE REGIMENT.—PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT. THE WORKINGMEN'S COMMITTEE have pleasure in 4000uncing that they have engaged a number of splendid Artistes for the Concert to be held at the Parr Hall on the Stit November next. Tickets now on Sale. Popular Prices Is. and 6d. A Urn i ted number of Reserved Seats 21. CHAS. J. NEWTON. Hon. Secretary. 8 PAUL' S. NV AR RINGTON.—HARVEST • THANKSGIVING SERVICES. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16TH, MORNING, 10.30. PREACHES: REV. D. MORTON. (Vicar of St. Paul's, Widnes.) AFTERNOON, 2.30, CHILDREN'S SERVICE. PREACHER: REV. T. W. BARBER. MEN'S SERVICE 3.30 P.M. PREACHER : REV. R. H. BOWEN. EvEttltto 6.30. PREACHER • THE VICAR. 11.0 Offertory will be Wren at all Services for St. Paul's Endowment Fund. 4itte of Fruit and Flowers will be most thankfully received at the Church on October 11th and 12th. (10UNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.—The \,Financ• Committee of the Corporation invite TENDERS from Printers and Stationers for the supply of PRINTING Mlel STATIONERY required by the various departments of the Corporation during the next twelve months. Specifi- cations, with conclitiOas as to rates of wages ant hours of tabour, can be oidained from the Borough Treasurer,Sankey- Street, on deposit of 105., which will be returned NI receipt Of a bona.ride tender. Tenders, securely fastened, addressed to the Chaireitn of the Finance Committee, and endorsed Tender for Printing and Stationery," must be nelivered to the undersigned on or before Friday. the 4th November. Town Hall, Warrington. J. LYON WHITTLI4, 14th October, 19'4. Town Clerk.

COUNT t BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. POPULAR HEALTH LECTURES. The Health Committee have pleat:ire in announcing that the Royal Institute of Public Health have granted a course of three Lectures the lint of which will take place in the PARR HALL on WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2612. Subject : " Infectious Diseases Their Causes and their Prevention," by Professor Wm. V. Smith, M.D.. D.Sc., F.R.S. (Min.), President of the Royal Infirmary of Public Health. Chair to be taken at Night o'clock. Lectures will be illustrated by limelight views. Prices of admission : Each lecture Id. Course tickets for three lectures (including syllabus). 4d. Reserve tickets for the course. which are strictly limited in number, 3s. each. The plan will be' open at the Municipal 01fices, Sankey- street, on and after Monday next, 17th October. _ J. LYON WHITTLE. Town Clerk and Secretary.

011EsHIRE COULNTY COUNCIL—A Number V of DOMESTIC SCHOLARSHIPS are offered for eom- petition. These Scholarships are to provide instruction In Cookery, Dressmaking. Laundry work. Sick Nursing, etc., and are tenable for 10 weeks at the Dairy Institute.Worleston commencing on Monday. November 23rd. 1904. Application Forms can be obtained from the undersigned. to whom they should be returned not later than November let next. RICHARD. P. WARD. Director of Rdulation. City Road. Chester.

NOTICE IS' HEREBY GIVEN. that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the COURT HOUSE, KNUTSFORD, in and for the said IC :linty. on MONDAY, the 17cn day of October next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be ernpannellod. The hearing of all Appeals arisina within the Hun- dreds of Bucklow, Macclesfield and Northwich. forming the Knutstord Dhtrict, and the trials of all prisoners I committed from such Hundreds, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knuts- I ford District must be in attendance at the Court House Knutsiord, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, Ithe 17th day of October, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE COURT will be adjeurned tolthe Castle of Cheater, on WEDNESDAY, the 19th day of October next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when another Grand 1 Jury will te empannelled. The tearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Broxton, Eddisbury Nantwicb, aid Wirral, form ng the Chest-r District,and the trials of all prisoners committed trom the last- mentioned Hundreds will take place at such adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Cheater, at the opening of the Court On WEDNESDAY, the 19th day of October next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, 28th:Snptember. 1904.

EIatiOATION ACT, 1902. SECTION 8 (1) FOEVI 308 A NOTICE. COUNTY BOROUGLI OF WARRTNGT3N. LOCAL EDUCATION AUTHORITY. NOTICE j HER4BY GIVEN in accordance with the Provisions of Section 8 (1) of the Education Act, 1902, that the Town Council of the Borough of Warrington. being the Local Education Authority for the purposes of Part 111. of that Act, propose to provide a New Pnblic Elementary gehool for about 1000 Children at or near the Avenue in the Orford Ward of the Borough of Warrington. The School will be available for the following area : area comprising the Bewsey, Orford. and Fairfield wards. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk and Clerk to the Local Education Authority. Dated 14th September, 1904. SECTION 8 (I) oF Tll7 EDuCALTIo7f ACT, 1902, PROVIDES 44 FOLLOWS • " (I) Where the Local Education Authority or any other persons propose to provide a new public elementary school they shall give public iv tine of their intention to do so, and the Managers of any existing school, or the Local Education Authority (here they are not them- selves the persons proposing to provide the'school), or any ten ratepayers in the area for which it is proposed to provide the school, may, within three montheafter the notice is given, appeal to the Board of Education on the ground that the proposed school is not required or that a school provided by the Local Education Authority. or not so provided, as lithe case may be, is Letter sifted to meet the wants of the district than the school proposed to be provided, and any school built ita contravention of the decision of the Board of Education on such appeal shall be treatei as unnecessary."

CHESHIRE COUN FY COUNCIL. APPOINTMENT OF DISTRICT MAIN ROADS SURVEYOR. rill:1E Main Roads and Bridges Committee of this C 'Lindl are prepared to receive APPLICATIONS trm Candidates, not xceeding 45 years of age, for the office of DISTRICT SURVEYOR of the Main R as in the Wirral or No. 1 District of th s County, and sa hich at present contains 121 miles of Main R ads repairable by the Council. The salary attaching to the office is £2OO per annum, to include all travelling expenses except when attending meetings of the Committee. Particulars of the duties to be performed and the terms of appointment, etc., can be obtained from the undersigned at kis office in Cliptur, to whom applica- tions, stating age, qualifications, aotf copies of not more than three recent testimonials, are to be sent, so that the same may be received on Monday, the 24th day of October inst ant. Canvassing will disqualify for appointment', but candidates may, ie. they so desire, send printed copies of their application and testimonials to the members of the Committee, whose names and addresses can be obtained from the undersigned. REGINALD POTTS. Clerk of the County Council. Chester, 10th October. 1904.

SPECIAL SILO% OF EVENING Sr. WINTER BLOUSES, AT MODEhATE PRICES FROM WESDAY NEXT (OCT. 11TH) FOR 14 DAYS. Tag MISSES \VOODS, 10, RYLANDS ST., WARRINGTON.

PUBLIC NOTICE. IT HAVING COME 10 THE KNOWLEDGE OF MR, JOSEPH BANK•i, Ladies' and Gents' Outfitter of No. 62 Horsemarket street, Warrington, THAT CERTAIN RUMOURS:ARE BEING CIRCULATED in the '''OWN AND DISTRICT detrimental to his Business, IHIS IS TO GIVE NOTICE that such STATEMENTS are TOTALLY UNTRUE AND vvratour FOUNDATION. Anyone repeating the said untrue statements after this date will subject himself to legal proceedings. Information leading to the detec- tion of anyone circulating untrue reports respecting Mr. Banks or his business will be thankfully received by THOMAS S. STEEL, Solicitor. Mill street Chambers, Warrington. October sth, 1904.

S. FERNLEY, LTD., 71, BRIDGE ST REET, WARRINGTON WATCHES. CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

SMOKE sUDLOW'S 'OLD BO t's " TOBACCO. COOL AND 'LASTING. SD. PER OUNCE; is. 7D. PER ILB. TIN; 6s. PER LB T. S CULDW & Co., WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15, WINWICK ST., WARRINGTON. TELEF. MINE 414 Y.

IVIAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE 35., 4s. 6D., AND 51. 6D. J. O. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE. LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. GOLD AND kfILVER WATCHES. DIAMOND AND OTHER RINGS, CHAINS, BROOCHES, PINS, STUDS. LINKS, and all other Articles of Jewellery practically =NW GIVEN AWAY .17:r At the Prices Marked in the Windowolg Call and see for yourselves before going elsewhere.rlf SPECIAL OFFER.-22ct. Gold Wedding Rings sold by weight. All shapes and sizes at 6/9 PER IY MORE PRIVATE N -ARO 0 t.l. A Large Stock of Clocks, Bronzes, Forks. and Spoons. utlery. Ac. by best makers.tat giving-away prices. RI")P4NS, JEWELLER, &r .1, MANCHESTER STREET, LIVERrOOL. -- EOTB.-MONEY Advanced on all kinds of Valuables Lowest Rates of Interest.

BOYS YOU WANT BOOTS I'm offaring Sixty I WANT TRADE Styles in Box Calf and Glace KW at 81. el. - LA GET TOGETUER time. ARTHUR EVANS. PosTAI. 155, ALDHRSGATIs SI.. LONDG N DEPARTMENTBI 5. LONDON !LOAD. LIVBRPOOL.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. STRINGS of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC; Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYRONt, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRRR (Pupil of G. A. Chanot). 57, RIMS HAW-STRERT (Corner of Benson-street), LIVERPOOL.

HARGRAVES TOBACCOS. NSTAB. HARGRAVES' CIGARS 71 YEARS. HARGRAVES' CIGARETTES. MANUFACTORY: SWAN-STREET. MANCHESTER. - - A. AND j• 111'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, Alm SILVERSMITHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAF SL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-Caw?. and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND STLVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with kap( PArliamen Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Cloells. Pictures, do., do., always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BAIMINS in DIAMOND JEWELLEttY. LADIBd' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS. SCARF PINS, BROOCHES. do.. do We respectfully solicit intending purohasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES ,11 YOST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPA,..,RS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully pad P mptly done. Low _does in Liverpool for Gol;-3 Chains. Carefully .;electeci Stock of GOLD BROOCHES BRACELETS, do. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pookets. M'LAINE'S RICHMOND fIIEET. LIVERPOOL.

W. HODGKINSON, LIMITED, SPECIAL LINES IN ALL DEPARTMEN TS. CHIFFON COATING (A NEW MATERIAL), SHRUNK AND UN3POTABLE, 33. 6d. per yard. NOVELTIES IN BLOUSE AIATERIA.LS FLINN-ELS & DELAINES, is. 6D. AND is. 9D. PER YARD. INVERNESS CLOAKS, EXCLUSIVE STYLES, from 21e. CORSETS—AN EXPERT' FITTER, ALWAYS IN ATTENDANCE. ; LA.CES, RIBBONS ETC. THE VERY LATEST PRODUCTIONS.) BLANKETS, ALL PRICES. EXCEPTIONAL VALUE, 12s. 61. per pair. IMPORTANT PURCiIASE OF ART SERGES, TAPESTRIES. PORTIERE CURTAINS, RUGS, ETC. ESTIMATES FOR ALL KINDS OF UPHOLSTERY WORK. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. ,WE BEG TO ANNOUNCE THAT WE ARE NOW SBOWING ALL THE L fiTEST NOVELTIES IN MILLINERY, MANTLES, COSTUMES, DRESS MATERIALS, &c., J. AND W. DUTTON DRAPERS AND ITIOUSEI FURNISHERS, 16, 18, & 20, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

FOR FURNISHING :IRONMONGERY OF EVERY DESCUPCION TRY J. S. GARLAND, 51, 53, & 559 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL DEPARTMENTS FOR THE FOLLOWING KITCHEN RANGES, FIREGRA.TES, CHIMNEY PIECES AND TILE 3. WOOD MANTELS IN OAK, MAHOGANY, WALNUT &C. FURNISHING IRONMONGERY IN ALL ITS BRANCHES. GLASS, CHINA, EARTHENWARE, AND KITCHEN UTENSILS. CUTLERY, SILVER AND ELECTRO PL4TE, ALSO BRAS AND COPPEEi!WARE, Suitab:e for Presents. LARGE STOCKS. INSPECTION INVITED. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.

SKELTON'S LIMITED. HORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE STILL ON z'5,000 ;WORTH OF STOCK MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE BIG REDUCTIONS IN EVERY LINE A SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY FOR BARGAINS.

1904-5. AUTUMN AND WINTER STYLES IN MEN'S OVERCOATS AND SUITS. IN YOUTHS' ;OVERCOATS AND SUITS. IN BOYS' OVERCOATS AND SUITS. A Nice Variety:in LITTLE BOYS' FANCY OVERCOATS in SHOWERPROOF MATERIALS sod LATEST STYLES. M.C.D. READY FOR WEAR OVERCOATS. OR M.C.D. MADE To MEASURE. OVERCOATS. ALL M.C.D. FROM SHOWERPROOF OVERCOATS, CLOTHS. M.C.D. LARGEST VARIETY OVERCOATS. OF M.C.D. PATTERNS TO B'-1 OVERCOATh. SEEN ANYWHERE. M.C.D. 166 to 35/- OVERCOATS. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT 8 & io, HORSEMARKET STREET.

GIGANTIC SALE NOW ON. UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, W ARRINGTON. FIRST SALE FOR SIXTZEN YEARS BARGAINS FOR EVERYBODY.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAW NELLOKERS, J EWELLERS, SI LVERSMITES, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. (ay ALL THE LEADING WAXERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE. AND JEWELLERY 07 EVERT DESCRIPTION. 30 10 50 PBS MIT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old aold'and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taiga' In exchang,.. MoLey advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, to., to any amount at low rates of Interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive pronvat TELEPHONE, 2061. •

ESTABLISHED 18.38. RICHARD JEFF R Eyst 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVER! COL, swan MAKER AND PRINT BELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &o. Terms Moderate. A IfINH COLLECTION OP PIIO VOW:APES fur Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICIr,‘ COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures In the ,Continental Galleries.

2il DIXON STRNALT, WARRING °N.—CASE! ACCOMMODATION £3 to 2500. Interest 41. in the £4. Any distanee.—Apply, MANAGER.

T NVESTORS wantee, to invest £5 upwards at 10 pr cent. 1 interest. Good established bnsiness:—Address Box, No. 2118, C/O SHARROW & THATCHER, Advertising Contractors, West Street, Cambridge Circus, London, W.C.

- VERSIONS.—AII classes of iteversions bought • quick completions ; loans arranged at lAs rates. Mortgage securities wanted at 31 to 4i per cent. Business Transfer Agency.—T. EMITH WoIiSLEY. 26, Cooper St.. Manchester.

TNVBSTMIONT OFF/MD.—You can hear of one of the best opportunities of your life. has earne4 over £1,003 per day,net profits for eight vears;will return 74 to 15per cent per annum, and is safe.—B. NINES 9. 9,oxford row, Leeds.

1 i SOUND Investment for this county. Wanted a Gentleman to take over the S3le Selling rights of a great invention About £lsu required. experi- ence not necessary ;at tomtit £.50 clear income yearly, and no risk. Money secured.—Apply THE Bin:4'oßD MANUFAC- =RUG CO., 111, Westmintter Bridge rd„ London.

TOHN FLETCB.Eit is prepared to advance £5 to eJ 21,000 day of application,to all bona fide applicants, on promissory note only. Cash advanced on deeds, shares, or any kind of collateral security. Most reasonable terms to suit borrowers. Town or country. All transactions strictly private. Letters promptly answered—JOHN FLIITC HER, Market Buildings, 17,Thomas et., Shudebill, Manchester.

JF YOU RRQUIRIS INFORMATION concerning ()unti- nental Premium Bond*, apply to the Contiaental Premium Bonds Company, who arrange Cash Advances on fully paid Premium Bonds ; reasonable interest on terms to be arranged. Bonds purchased. Combination of Bonds for sale by easy instalments, at Ourrent Market Prices on Con- tinental Bourses, inclusive of brokerage and small charge for iatprest.-THE CONTINENTAL PREMIUM BONDS CO.. 31 West Sunniside,Sunderland.lelegrams : ‘• Premium ' Sunder'and,

NO FEES NO FINES! NO PUBLICITY AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY to in STRICT RiT PRIVACY to all respectable House holders, Tradespeople, Farmers, and all persons worthy of credit, without sureties or bondsmen, " on simple promis- sory note only,- at reasonable interest and easy repayments to suit ell classes. Distance no object. Cali or write in confidence to THE CHESHIRE ADVANCE CO., 25. Csiro- street. Sankey-street, Warrington; also at 16, Greenwood. street. Altrincham. Head Office : 59, Brunswick-street. Hightown, Manchester. All applications and letters Promptly attended to. - - ADVANCES £3 TO .I:SOO.—DON'T PAY FEES As those Offices who ask for fees,will only Pocket your fee and refuse tha advance. NO FEES OF ANY KIND CHARGED. NO SURETIES REQUIRED. NO REiP6C r- ABLE APPLICATION refused. NO FINES IF UNABLE to pay for a few weeks through illness or being out of work. HONEST and STRAIGHFOKWAHD dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to suit applicants. Apply and be convinled to the—Manager, J. CALVERT, CLAUGHTON CHAMBERS, I, CLAUGHTON TRIM opposite Dr. Knowles) ST. HELENS. LOANS GRANTED DAILY, ANY IDISTANCB, FROM £5 TO £lO9OO FOR ANT IMMEDIATE WANT, BUSINNSIS OR PRIVATE, also for purchasing or starting new business, on simple promissory note. No fines. All applications immediately attended to. Apply in confid- ence, personally or by letter, to THE STANDARD LOAN CO., 4, PARKER STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL TERMS TO FARMERS. HEAD OFFICE: 9. CORPORATION RT., MARCHES rim

NO PRBLIMINAIIy PBXS (MARCUM. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUMS (NOT LESS THAN £10), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the last 20 years the total:amount lent :by the undersigned EXCEEDED £1,250,000! He has received hundreds of unsolscited letters of thanks, and has annually, for the past el4ht ram issued selec- tions from these in pamphlets, or which more than 300,00 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied, free of charge, on application. either personally or by letter, to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KBNNBDY STREW, IVIANCRE3TIM. ESTABLISHED 1870.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES. MEN. FARMERS. WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HO.NOURABLN DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF VIE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOOD WIN. .B.—Eatvdishe I at this Id trios two tr,7 Years.

42a,, £lO, £l5, £2O, £25, £SO.—ADVANUr.:S MADR to ALL PERSON 6 WORMY of CREDIT, on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TERM FOR SHRT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit made by our Manager on EAme day or application who will Errant you the money AT °NOE satisfactory. NOTE : THE BRADFORD ADVANCE CO , 69 H t AYD(TIi STREET NEAR Tiim MARKET PLACE TcARLR'TO

-VRONt £3 AND UP w DoST FAIL, u JU GIVE ITS A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEsT IJTHRS.r AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN 13NGLICID. £3 repayable le 6d weekly £2O repayable 75,64 weekly £5 2s nd £5O ~17 6d £lO „ 3s 64 £lOO •• 391 6 1 „ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply in con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO.. 31, CAIRO STRER WARRINGTON. Ma:vain:Rom Miss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. Rousts, 9 am to 9 psn, N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. Al CM 61' ! ! ! MoN ria ! ! ! £5 TO ELOUO—, IL To each and evetyone a hearty Invitation is offere3 before going elsewhere to call or write to me in con- fidence and convince yourself that mine is the lowest interest and lowest rate of rep,syrnent in ItngisGil. The entire oharKe £5 to repay £5 6s. Od. £lO to repay £l2 O. ud. £2O .. „ £24 Os. Od. £4O „ £4B Os. Oil Larger sums proportionately. No boisit-ti le soplie,Ation refused. For honourable and straightforward dealing apply at once to J.JENNINGS Manager(private house),9, ACA DE MY- ST.. WARRINGTON. No delay. Strictest privscv whether business done or not. Cash detiverea on day of application. Distance no object.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY. £5 TO £llOOO. TO FARMERS, TRADESY EN, PROFESSIONAL GENTLE- MEN, HOTEL AND LODGING-HOUSE KEEPERS, and to all Responsible Householders Worthy of Credit, upon Note of Hand Alone, in any part of England or Wales. Loan £5 To Repay £5 15 0 .. £lO ~ £ll 10 0 £2O •£23 0 0 ~ £3) , £3lO 0 Rso £57 10 0 •9 • 1 Of £l2O £llb 0 0 Larger amounts in p °portion. Extra Charges made in cases considered necessary. Spec:al Tr me Arranged to suit Borrowers' Own Convenience. Letters immediately answered. Prospectus free on apolicat on Call or write in strict confid- ence to the NA I MIA L LOAN SOCIETY, 41, CORPORA TION ST.. MARCITESTRR. (Registered Office.

IJVbI FUkTXYkaiittz. B. HARRIS, 2, RING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES In Sums of from to ELOCC. ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. DI All TIEN wisbing for temporary CASH ADVANs.:ES shou,d note 'he arlvantaks ofTerAd, THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSOKY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO TH,‘ BORROW BR. THE ABSENCE OF ALL FEES. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED, AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWsPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS NECRIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a fierreaontativr, s ill call personally upon applicants and complete the transacti Ins a their own homes or places of business. IMy fair dealirg and reasonable charges are widely known, and my reputation stands 'nrivalled

_ fI i ...., r. _____. ~ t Ator o ' mow. If 4. b , ! _ 1.1 11. 1625 'a 1850 1875 . TO•DAV, To-day, as for more than -Z- of a century, ! , -.,,t0u .. . e 17,, . n 0C 0 • ti;., 1 TA 1 r.: i unequalled for high quality, delicious flavour and economy in use. I Best el Goes Farthest. ,

117517731.111111.1........M.‘ 4,,10 41 VP7 V 41.41 Le.— 46 7 ,42 MARS 6! ) each \ fare tiCe 'nor DrYre;rl.VEiga.'"°p oDrearks:NW 7 //,sidA xi 6CrODSMOICES per DOX TRY me o.t .50 LADY GODIVA gy CIGARETTES iOFORY iii-rraße---1111116' AVISS BIZOS COVENT

TENNENT'S T LAGER BEER. GUARANTEED BRIGHT & FREE FROM SEDI'VIENT. To be obtained from M. WALKER & SONS LTD., Warrington and of all Grocers and Wine Merchants. Matured in Cold Storage for months before being bottled; See that Every Bottle has the Red T Label. 9, Lancelots Hey. Liverpool. , WELLPARK BREWERY, GLASGOW

1 WOULD 'YOU NAV:7 'SOFT VELVETY de) 1 •. SKIN? 1,1*,:c • iThen use 0 i . ' • 1 ..,";/' ..''''.. lt . ..... will , I " entirely . 1 .. a ' . • remove al! 1 IZeg- - . - •. ROUGHNESS,CHAPS, ". ie t., TAN, IRRITATION, etc.:: " in a very short time. ' Bottles M.BEETHAM &. SOM. CHELTENHAM., 6d.,15.,and25.6.

N p fiits ..jrAraiiiiio".ClAA „ - LEAD 1111.7KEKIN C • BRILLIANT, BLACK, BEAUTIFUL.

THE BEST FAMILY MEDICINE. KAYE'S WORDSELL'S PILLS Are a certain cure for Indigestion, Biliousness, Headache Dyspepsia. Constipation, Liver and Kidney Complaints,&c. For Ladies of all ages they are invaluable. Of all Chemists, Is. lid 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. per box or post free on receipt of stamps to DEPOT. 13, St. George Street, Norwich.

TOOTH-ACHE CURED INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S Prevents Decay, Saves Extraction, Sleepless Nights Prevented. Neuralgic Headaches and all Nerve NERVINE Pains removed by BUNTER'S BERVINE. All Chemists, is. lid, or post free on receipt of stamps to DEPOT, 13, St. George Street, Norwich. _ - The ineeeporated --- Thames Nautical Training College H.M.S. "WORCESTER." Off Oreeninthe, Kent. Vacates Boys for Officers the Merchant Service. Naval Cadetships granted annually and appointments to R.N.R. .pply W. X. BIILLIVANT, Hon. Sec. 2, Mark Lane. London. E.C.

,ite f li '&1 ~ ''''s\ Pli ~\ 4, -

Niitt woM7TESI-Elt,

ONE, TWO, OR THREE, anording to age and constitutihn, may be taken of DR. KIbTO'S BILIOUS & LIVER PILLS (Guaranteed without Mercury) These Pills have been prescribed by Medical men for over coo years, are still ahead of all Liver Pills; gentle in their action, restore tone to the general system, and are the safest and most reliable family medicine for all ages, and absolutely cure the symptoms of Torpid Liver, Such RS UNPLEASANT BREATH—WIND GIDDINESS DEPRESSED SPIRITS INDIGESTION BACKACHE—SPASMS—ROUGH TONGUE—ACIDITY AND CONSTIPATION—and stimulate the Liver itself to con- tinued healthy action. Sold everywhere—ttli, 219 and 4/6 per boa.

. 1, .. . • 4 . ~ s ) ...:',l4fir ,Ais -'-'.. • . .' .• - - Are .0„44 you 1,..1-, •ili„,.. .....,.,.--,.. - „ . f - ‘, t I-1 ere? . . r. ig 1 .. .. ‘, • -2 ~'.. ai‘ ,s- -- -A .. ~.,..,......,,,,,...,.. ..,„.. . , .. Ves 7 we •lr,! •:. 4, . ) / No 1 1 24, , ..., . . ..,., , ~;,. ,

[ii • : - - ..vcra4 • or

FRIENDLY MATCH. PA.D G ATE JUNIORS V. LONGFORD Am ATE tirts.— These teams tried conclusions at Padgate, in fine weather, and the match resulted in a draw. Losing the toss, Padgate had to face a stiff breeze, and Longford commenced to attack. After a spell of even play, the Amateurs scored an unconverted try. Padgate were penalized, and Longford kicked a. goal. Half-time arrived with Longford five points ahead. On resuming, Padgate soon reached their opponents' line. A fine dribble by the forwards ended in Deely scoring, Cham- berlain kicking a goal. Padgate had hard lines in not scoring main,the ball being kicked dead. Time arrived with a score agave points each.

EVERYTHING as it should be PRACTICAL from a Practical Man FOOTBALLS— , Bound, Sound, and Durable The Football sing, 9/6 Used England v. Scotland (6 times) English Cup Final (6 times), every ,1;. , .1 ..0,,, \ Tim!? in League Ball of Football. .8/6 7 l'• I.; .14.• '• Centre-Half „ .................7/6 . .j, .1 A.. ) Klypker „ —..... —.6/6 4r ,' . :. -.1 Junior League„ -::' ' • . KNICKERS— Wide-fitting but not Baggy. t ..., . Navy or White, 1/6,1/11, 2/6,3/6 111 I ; SHIRTS— Well Sewn and Comfortable ii kik • \ • Flannelette, 2/3, 25/- per doz. 7g. 55. ' Matting Cloth, 2/9, 30/- per doz. Untearable, 3/6, 40/- per doz 1). ItY: SOOTS— ,. • be With Permanent Toes, on Good Lasts, Easy yet Tight-fitting. ,;cot League lO/6 i Don 6/- g C 7/9 { Marvel 51- SHIN GUARDS, 10d, 1/6, 2/6 Bulger Pattern. HOCKEY STICKS, BAGS —3/6, 4/6, 5/6, 7/5 Lanc. Witch 7/6 GOAL N ETS-30/-, 361-, 48/- Cork Grip 6/- HOCKEY BALLS— Special 3/- 3/6, 4/6, 5/- Klynker 4/6 BOXING GLOVES—Per Set of 4, 4/9. • Cold Cape ...... ... _....- —6/6 5/9, 11/6, 14/6 ;.-. .. u . s . ... '.. .i ~ ... .-. OGEU - • .LORDS!..- ' 2 CI4 - FREE 1 ;„ LIVERPOOL

AY.—ALDERsox BROTHERS. irect Importers, 25. Brasenose road. Liverpool. T EGGINGS.—Brown and Black, Is. 3d. pair, post free.— .1J W. FOWRES, Saddler, Youghal, Ireland.

• p UN3OKIV Pure Ship Tobacco,'2i:ozs. 9d.. or 2s. Bd. per -11-L htlf-pound, poet free.—FRASER & SON. 64, Hamilton It., Greenock. VISH AND CHIP SHOP FITTINGS complete. Collar, IC Muzzle, Whip and Chain, for large dog.-3. COTTERILL STREET, Crewe.

UNGLISFI CONCHRTI NAS by Lachenal, Wheatstone, là Boosey, &c.. £3 to £ls.—lsitEßwooo. Boothstown, near Manchester.

10,000 Envelope, 6 a 31. strtig Manilla, 225. ; if printed one bide, 30s.—SHEPHERD, Gros- venor rd., Westcliff.

41 A rATHIMONIAL, POST." seale-15,1. with circular 9d. ; 111 distance irnmaterial.—lipiTon. 10. Trafalgar Build- ings, London, W.C.

3 bi:onuame alonOlaH. iggucalar:stteHeansdo-Mtoardel,Vi rfdi n aiLunrKkil 6,17 .6nBr Fulham rd., London.

S. TO-DAY, and 2s. 6d. weedy secures overcoats, Suits, t 1 Waterpr. ofF, 30s. cirriaga paid.—DRAVVFORD, 8. Millburn St, Mother ell, Scotland.

QBND for one of our ' Mercerised Lawn ' Blouse Lengths 13 just like silk ; post paid, Is. 6d.—' FENT WAREHOUSE 75, Lower Hilletate, Stockport. BAGS.- Six thousand stroug once-used Bags, about 46 by 271 n., ?-Z,21. each, carriage paid 200 or over.—G. T. MURRAY, 113, Green Lane, Liverpool.

UNIQOR PRINTING OFFRRS ! 25 Visiting Cards. 6d., 5J Sheets Printed Notepaper. 9d.—LIVER CARD PRINT- ING Co. (B) 446, Scotland'rd. Liverpool.

GRANDFATHKR'S CLOCKS• Six magnificent specimens, all mahogany. Chime and ordinary.--WILLIAM H &WORTH, 14, King et., Blackturn.

STAMPS.-100 Foreign and Colonial. all different, 50) &Amps, Mounts, and 9 Pictoriel Postcards, 9d.—F. LAYCOCK, Billing Road. Northampton.

ATOTBRS' LlSTS.—Advertiser can Resist contractors with V these lists on reasonable terms. Linotype, small pica. —GrurFinis, Printer. Llanclrinrlocl.

'INVALID IRISH WHISKEY direct from Ireland.—An .1 ideal tonic stimulant, 425. per doz., sample bottle, 4s from ROCHE BROS., South Mall, Cork.

VESTTAIS MILK LABeLS Ilb size. 3}cl par Doz. ,ilb, 2i -LI Suud-ht nd Lifebuoy Wrappers (Tops) Is. 4d per 10 —STRoru, 117, Harwood Street Blackburn.

SBIOKE GRADY'S DfiIi`RNDER TOBACCO " It does not burn the tongue." Sold everywhere in packets with coupon Wholesale.—GßADY, King it., Wigan.

SUITINGS, 2s. to 6s. ; Tronserings, le. 3d.. to 31. 6d., Co tome Clothe, le. 3d. to 4e. 6d. per yard. Any length ut; patterns free.—WRIGHT k Co.. Old 14111, staffs.

SUITS, 13s. 11d. or 255. 11d., selection beautiful patterns free. Measurements easy by our self-measurement form, or old suit.— CLOTHING SuPpLY,IB Lawren la Hill, Bristol,

LIVERY HOUSEWIFE should use our ' Itxcelsior ' Knife -11'_I and Fork-cleaner. Saves time and labour. Sent post free Bd. Agents wanted.—TAYLOß 179, Nelson rd.,Hornsey.

VINE BBONIZRD PIANO, can be played ordinary, by handle or electricity ; cost Eloo ; no reasonable offer refused. Also very biro Po I;pbon.—DEtx, 73 Caroline St., Stalybridße.

P ATCHWORK AND CRAZYWORK 130 pieces Silks and Velvets, Is. 3d. post free ; go,d Red of Flocks fro n 6s. 6d., carriage paid.—Dept. 8., TWEEDALE kOo., Belfield Flock Works. Rochdale.

.1 LIGHT SIJPRILVISION, eheerful friendly home offered. 0 B‘perfenced care, bright companionship. Rvery com- fort and attention. Highest references. Moderate terms.— REGISTRAR, Harpenden. Herts. llr you back Horses. you w4nt Winn.re.—Our Is. ovens I night letters, and 2s. 6d. morning wires, give unequalled satisfaction to clients everywhere —WINSOME lc Co., Hyde Park Corner, Ipswich.

I\TO MORE BROKEN MANTLES.—Crossley's Incan- descent Metal Mantles (Platinum). practically un- breakable, 70-candle-power; 6(1. post free. —ANGLo-FOREIGN TRADING Co., 9 liedcrou st . Livernool.

SPRO lAL OFFKR TO ADVERTISE.—The Edna Pair curler (pat nt. No beat. wires, Irons. or nine. Usual pric., is. Post free 7d., for short time only. —Hock MANU- FACTURING CO., 171, Queen Victoria et., 8.0.

NBTTING. 14 RTTING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.Tumus JoßNsores, Net Warehouse Corporption-street, Manchester.

ON SAL% DESIRABLE RiCSID!MUM at LATCH: FORD ; beautiful situation, southerly asnect ; modern In every rtspect ; convenient for trams.—Particnlars F. W. WRIGHT, Builder, 27, St. Mary's st., Warrington. BLUCHERS, Army dithers, 4,000 pairs of new Li sewn Blnchers, very beat leather soles. Will send 1 pair. any rize, nest free for sr. 6d. Cash returned if not approved of.—H. J. GastanN, Government flontmetalr, Rye.

D ULBS on approval, carriage paid. Flowering size. Crocus. Iris, 9d. ; Snowdrops,lziae, Ranunculus. is. , Tulips, Narcles, Anemones, Freesias, Stars, Alliums,le. 6d. Hyacinttqt, 6s. F R.l-1.9.,(60) West Bromwich.

LADIRS shld wear, for comfort, durability, and Yalu lu British-manufactured Black Llama Cashmere Stoc gs. In slenders and women's sizes. 3 pairs carriage free ; . 93. Li..asra Host ERY COMPANY. 9,Fore StreetAvenue,R. o. Housw3.--qhose requiring lieaidences for occupation Or profitable investment near London, with unsurpassed educational advantages. rural scenery, and beautiful parks, should write MARTIN. WHITE & Co the Principal House and Estate Agents. East Dulwich, London.

83L85.-25 Hyacinths. 70 Tulips, 91 Carroll's. 125 hi 110 Crocus, 40 Ixias, and 4) Sparaxis, in all 50 bulbs delivered free on rail, 54.. or Is. sample of ICO Assoveri sent packing free for Is. Id.--IMPERIA: SUPPLY STORES, 25 Crampton at,,, Walworth, London.

(11GARHTT144.—The genuine HO YPTIAN hand-made, of V MICH. PALOMBA A Co., of the Royal Cigareette Fac- tory. Cairo, Egypt, are pronounced The World's Grandest Cfgarettes.'—Of all To'mcconists, or the Sole Importers, WiCKER AND CO., 10, Callum at., London. E. 0,

KRHP OLD JICWRLLRRY A NY article in Gold. Sliver. Precious Stones, kc., bought 11.. or exchanged. Registered parcels offered for by next Post. Goods returned if offer declined. Banker's reference, —Rostilsort BROS., 5, Hampstead rd., London, N.VV.

rpo WC 901 D.—lrarnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive .1 Works. lately used by the Lancashire 'failure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards ot Freehsld Land, with siding to the railway. Saleable tor Chemical or other works requiring space.—Addrees J. KOAKING, 16 Penwick-street, Liverpool.

1 MPORTRD MPXICAN CIGARS.—La Pruebas, Concha I. Fins. asusi 3d. size, box alO (carriage paid), 12s. 6d. La Pruebas, Regalia Reporter°, box of 50, 9s. 64., po:t paid RI Destinn. Re,,ella londres, box of 50, 61. 9. ; 100, 13s. post paid 3d. per box extra.—B. 31. WITHERS, 59, Bull St., Birmingham.

13}101sTOGRAPHS GIVRIC A BSOLUTRLY 1_ for Lists. We are the largest and cheapeet factors of Pianos, Musical Instruments, Talking Machines, &a., in the Midlands. Records cuichanged, shaved and new tunes (id.— CLAYPOLE It COLEY, StaMfOrd.

T 00K! You have all helped to rmy for them before.- 1...1 Life Guards' Military Knee Boots, smart appearance. 7s. 6d. per pair; Naval Knee Boots, very strong, 6s. 6d. per pair ; Bluchers, ss. 6d. per pair ; any size ; carriage paid. Cash returned if not approved of.—HENRY J. GARsort Government Contractor. Rye.

/1 (It n Good Heavy Serge Cloth Costume Dress Skirts, JL Silkette, strapped or plain, black and navy, 2s. 9d. each, 2 for 55., carriage 54.. worth treble. Sizes up to 30 waist. 44 length. Black Sllkette Blouses, beautifully tucked, 25.. post 3d. Send at once. Money estarned if not satiffied.—P. DAVIES. 102. Norwooi rd., London, 5.13. CONQUEST SOAP. WASH AND BECURED. A VOID Drugs which undermine the constitutiqn. Our -11. Anti-fat soap is the only preparation that Is absolutely safe to use ; slow in action,sure result. Large tablet in plain wrapper on receipt. of Is. li4. Dept. A. RELDAS & CO., 17, GRAND ARCADE, LEEDS.

DUI' an ENGLISH WATCH for hard wear. Hall-marked I/ silver case (very stout). Open face. Keyless English Lever watch for men. Briquet Spring. screw jewelled, com- pensated, and guaranteed for ten years. lipclue.d price 455. Money returned if not approved.—RonlNSoN Blum.. Watch- makers, 5 Hampstead rd. Tottenham Court rd,London, N W.

BBAUTIPUL Coloured tdiniature.—lf you will entrust roe with a photograph I ;rill send you a beautiful life-like miniature mounted in a handsome brooch, pendant or scarf pin for Is. Id., including postage. I guarantee to return the original photograph uninjured, and also will return your money if not approved. (Please note that you are dealing direct with the originator of this process).—GREYREAD ARTIST Co.. 22, Barmeston Rd., Catford, London.

DO not miss this opportunity.—Lady or gentleman can easily earn £2, £3, or more per week during spare time amongst their relations and friends by a genuine businest which will give them a very pleasant occupation and satis- factory results to all concerned. Send your photograph, together with Postal Order for is. Id.. and we will forward to you in 3 days a sample of our work, with full instructions and particulars, and also return your photograph uninjured. If you are not satisfied with Me result we will refund money. —GREY/TEAR ARTIRT On., 92, Bermeston rd., °afford,

Illiaellaneous, ngvalts', tte.

P ICTORIAL POSMARDS.-36 coloured views of lovely Wales, all different, is. p031.al DI.VIES le, Norfolk st.. Swansea.

FOR SALE, good SAPS, by John Port, Manchester • 30m. by 241 n. by 311 n. outside measurement; £B.pply PLATPOLD MILL, Leigh. HAY.—A quantity of choice over-yeared Clover, Sanfoin and Mixed Hay for sale.—Apply J. BIRD, Banhatu Attleborougb, Norfolk.

HITE Wax Candlcs ; 12 dozen; carriage paid, 395. cash with order.—lNDlA & CHINA TEA Co., Honk moor zt., Shrewsbury.

A MUSING PHOTO-POSTCARDS Lc. (Real Phot,ue) Lll Samples & Catalogue of Novelties 3 stamps . IRE3fONGER, Stationer, Ilkeston, Derbyshire. IMPLRMENT4, Chmff-cutters, Pulpers, Cake Breakers Lc. Cash or easy payments. Lists free.— ROSE, Laburnum Street, Wolverhampton. PICTORIAL POSTCARDS,— Large Varieties. Wholesale Constant change of stock ; all latest 'novelties— NOVELTY POSTCARD Co , 41a. Prestcot Street. Liverpool.

UOR SALE, FIVE FREEHOLD HOUShS, No. $ to 10, 12 Hart's-court, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Apply to Thomas JoriNaos, Spring-bank, Pemberton, near Wigan.

BDUST Developed.—Lady will send, for Is. postal, perscrip- tion of remedy which enlarged bust six inc hes ; harm lees : inexpensive.—Miss W. BLOAR, 13 Roundh ayst.,Leeds.

SS. FOB 10,000 HANDBILLS (Oemy 8 To). Well printed Customer write. " your handbills are wonderful value" send for specimens.—B. WarrwonTs HIRD, LTD., Adver- tising Specialists, Norwich.

SPECIAL ADVRRTISING OFFBR. Your advt. placed in 50 good provincial papers (2 lines) fcr 2s. 9d. 3 weeks ss. 9d. ; or 4 Hues one week ss. 6d.. 3 weeks us. 6d. List of papers post free.—B WairwoßTH HERD, LTD., Advertise ng Specialists, Norwich. WATCH BARGAIN, Marvellous Offtr. Genuine Lever Watch. ss. only ; warranted ; absolutely reliable timekeeper ;money returned it unsatistactory. Ladies' size Watch. 7a. 6d.. postage and registrati ,n, Sd. extra.—?. L. HEYGATE, Rushden, Northampton. A MERIUAN HAIR STAIN —Best possible preparation 11 for imparting to the hair in cleanly and permanent manner any shade of natural brown, light or dark, One liquid, free from silver or lead, Post free lg., trial bottle 6d —Sole agent, W. PER4INEI, Warwick rd., Olton, Birmingham

tiOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.—EDISON STANDARD 12 PHONOGRAPH with large horn stand, recorder, record shaver, sixty records and ten blauks, and record carrying case. 28 10s. ; Mann's N. 5 B Green Bone Cutter, £1 108.; Hearson 100 Egg Incubator, complete, £4 10s ; Greenwood's " Bedford " 100 Egg Incubator, complete, £3 10s. ; Perfection 100 Egg Incubator, complete, £4; two Greenwooe's 100 chick rearers, complete, £3. Will accept £2O for lot to cleAr, or exchange Bone Cutter, fitted for power with oil engine, or typewriter and cash:—Apply Room Tommxsox, Milton Poultry Farm, Gargrave, via Leeds.

FOUND DEAD. QANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers 1...) well. "After one dressing I found 133 dead nest morn ing."—J. BLlss, Helsthorpe, Leighton. " I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Poison."—O. COOK, Farmer, Ellesmere. " I stroved 14 rati with it "--// Wttsov. 0/ord.—Sea al Is 2d SANFORD a SON. Sandy, Bea.. Sold by Chemist.

_ poultrp, Ogg, dr.

FOWL CORN, 78 6d. 10e 6d, 12 6d, 2401 be ; Pig Food, 7s 6d and Poultry Meal, Bs. and 10e., per 2001b5.—RocHE AND Co., 15, Goree piazzas, Liverpool. mention paper. - -

OtOt it% ZUWlttf4o4s. TAMING-ROOMS and RESTAURANT BUSINGSS, near Ll large works. on main road. in Bolton (bu,iness taught). Apply ELL'SON'S DINING-ROOMB, Great Moor street, Bolton.

R }WIRING. Will sell or let, the FRINHOLD GROOM/3 SHOP in Clitberoe, established 1860; best stand Potisible —Apply R. BLACKBURN, Waterloo, Clitheroe.

A ÜBER OLLIVIRR & CO., Stockbrokers, Coventry n House, ,outh Place. 8.C.. transact all/Stock Bx^hange business for Investment and Speculation accordink to the Rules of the London Stock Exchange.

iilbtral.

JADY (hospital-trained) receives medical. surgical,chroni invalid. Highest references, physician surgeon in attendaive. High, healthy situation.—C/0 PUCKRIDGE, College rd., 3141dstorie.

EXPERIRRIORD Male and Female RUHSRS at - moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NUINES PreTiru TION, Hope House, Hope-street. Liverpool. Telephone 267^ Royal. Telegraphic Address Nurses."

QTBRILE MARRIAGE ; its causes and curative treatment. 1.-1 A new edition just published. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women. Post free 3s. Bd.--SHELLEY & Co. Gracecburch st.. London.

J) TAROPSY is ft terrible Complaint which the, Doctor says he Can't Cure.—Send 2s. 6d. and try Gordon's Famous Blood Purifier and Dropsy Cure, never known to fall.-306 BURY NEw RD., Salford.

ECZSIKA and all SKIN TROUBLEl.—lmmediate relief, speedy cure. "Norco n " (Regd.) ointment Is. 3d. poet free. Free trial penny stam p.—NoßcoN REMEDY COMPANY 8, Dunsany rd.. West Kensington Park London, W.

" ZO," the MARVELLOUS healer. Immediately heals J 1.241 burns, scalds. cuts, wounds, chilblains, chapped hands,eczema. neuralgia and all inflamed surfaces. Exqu leite preparation, soothing pain and irritation, powerful anti septic. Clean nothing greasy, no band .ge required. In Bottles 70., Is. lid.. 2e. 9d. Post free from THE Ezo COM •Ny E.2a. Bridlesmith Gate, Nottingham.

64 WAHOO" THE MARVEL OF THE TWENTIETH CENTURY. PRICR Vole wonderful Wahoo Ringworm Cure ~. Is. 491 & 2s. The marvellous cure for eczema Is. 14. & 2s. The Wahoo Electric Rheumatic Cure ... is. Medicine is. 14. Wahoo for the Hair. A Kenowned Hair Restorer Is. 01 all Chemists or of the WAHOO MHDICUSIA CO., LTD.,HARLB3D EN, LONDON

LIVE AND ENJOY LIFE. AS FREE FROM PAINS, ACHES. SICKNESS, AND DANGER AS MAN CAN HOPE TO ATTAIN. USE VITA-LEO " A MARVELLOUS REMEDY." EXTERNAL TREATMENT. Simple, safe, and certain Guaranteed the.most marvellous specific for human Ills ever placed before the public. AN IDEAL EMBROCATION FOR ATHLETES. VITA-LEO OINTMENT CUBES Ulcers, Sores, Wounds. Eczema, and other Skin Diseases, Bad Legs, Blood Poison, Piles. Fistula, AC. CURES WHEN ALL ELSE FAIL'. BY POST: VITA-LEO is. 3d., Is. 9d., and 2s. 9d; OINTMENT, 7d. and is. Id. Direct from Manufacturers, HASSARD AND CO., 180. GREAT WIITAIN STREET. DUBLIN. Pamphlet on" Disease, Cause, Prevention and Cur e" Free

OR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE BOON TO WOMANKIND. They'are the best known Remedyjor Anaemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 90, is lid. 2s 9d, 4s 6d, anct Ils. May be bad from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the Proprietor. Only Address : 3J9. PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON W.

Fo be tn. _ _ _- 25, CATHERINE 3THEET, 6 Rooms 48. 3d. per week. PENKRTH.—GOOD HOUSES WITH GARDENS, 38. 9d. per week, also Cottages 38. 6d. and 28. 6d. per week. IVY LODGE,FROGHALL LANR,rent £45 a year on lease WELLFIELD STREET, corner of Mill Lane, good house, rent 6s. HORSSMARKET STREET, near Market Gate, double- fronted Shop. Apply HOBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War • rington. Telephone—No 55.

GIARM TO LET, 10 miles from Liverpool; 49 acres half I grass; large orchard; good house and buildings; Dutch barn; rent 190.—W. BEDFORD, Smithy Brow Farm. Formby

OHEADLE HALL—Tbis Commodious Residence contain- ing four entertaining rooms (one 60ft. by 30ft.), twelve bedrooms ; six acres of well laid-out [mounds ; rent. £l5O per nnum.—lasso NIELD SoN, 19, Chapel Walks, Ntl inchest

CITY OF BRLFAsT. GLASS BOTTLE WORKS, SITUATE STRANMILLIE ROAD, FOR SUE. TO BB SOLD BY AUCTIoN, as a Going Concern, at the num', PROPERTY MART, 47, ARTHUR sTastir, Belfast, on FRIDAY. the 28th day of October. 1904, at One o'clolk. MILE GLASS BOTTLE WORKS OF DAVID IL WRIGHT & CO, LIMITED. now in Liquidation, situate on the STRANMELLIS ROAD, in the City of Belfast, comprising— One New Lancashire Steam Boiler, 18 x q- feet ; one 6-hole Melting Glass Furnace, one 8-hole Siemens New-form Glass Melting Furnace, with Annealing Kilos; Stores, Ware- house, and Offices, all in good repair, and erected on a two acre lot, held on Lease for 10,13C0 years, at the yearly rent of ElOO. The Purchaser will he entitled to the Goodwill of the business, together with the Plant (exclusive of Horses Vans, and Harness, which he will hare the option of pur- chasing), but will be required to take over, at an agreed valuation, the Stock-in- ..rade, which is all of a saleable description. The Company has been doing an extensive trade, and has a large local demand. These are the only works of the kind in the North of Ireland. For further particulars, apply to JOHN III'OULLOUGH & BURNS, Kingscourt, Wellington Place, Belfast, Chartered Accountants; or to C. & J. BLACK, Donegal' Square North, Solicitors. TM'S: E. M'CONNELL, Auctioneer. 47, Arthur st.

ROBERT LOWE. ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and .*:aleroonis : No. 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and tiecond-band Parniture and ocher Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection Invited Furnituse, &a.. warebouse.i.

Ruartmentslffurnifsbeb lhoual etc.

OC PO BIM IiOLIDAY.—Try Llandrindod Wells (L.N.W. ft bracing air, corrective waters, tine scenery.—Apart) wants, ManoN HOUSE%

I YTHADI.-0051FOR1ABL1 Sitting and Be droomwith _LA home comforts. for winter months ; piano; terms moderate.-52. W ESTBY-STREET

BLACKPOOL. Comfortable APARTMENTS ; three minutes walk horn Central Station and sea. Near all amusements. Plano.—Mrs. T GlnsoN, 39, Chapel at. LIURSISHED HOUSE or Apartments. Four sitting and _l2 ten bedrooms. Terms moderate. —Mrs. JomEs,Cariligatt House. West-end Parade, Pwliheli,. BRIGHTON.—LADY'S HOUSE, FURNInHED, excellent position, £2; Shops; Villas, £26-£9S.—YouNG, NOL- BECK & ADLER, Brighton. (Mortgages wanted). DYSE EMI, near tttlyl. Corntortaety FU liNto His t.) HOUSE : Sitting-room, kitchen and scullery ; three bedrooms ; splendid sea and mountain views.—Address Mrs. NUTTALL, Greenmount, Dyserth, near Rhyl.

QOUTHPORT.—WeeIeyan BOARDING HOUSE, 9,Promen ade ; superior rooms ; sea view ; board from ss. ; bath pianos.—CHAMPNESS. LONDON. IfATI LD'S TEMLPIMEITREAD.NCE HOTELS 34 TO 10 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 1 Tr, RUSTON SQUARE. I4oxir CONTORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

ABER TST WITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA.. One of the cbeapest and most comfortable Family Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Room and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms from 2i guineas per week, or 9s. per day. according to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from ss. 'able d'Hote at 6.3) o'clock For TARIFFS Fcc„ apply to W. H. PALMER. PROPRIETOR.

OTOR CAR on HIE if, with driver, four-seated Beeston IVA_ Humber Car ; 1904 pattern.—Terms on application to T. M. BROADBENT, The HoWas, Latchford. L'Olit :MLR a double seated Trailer, very strong (for Motor 1: Cycle), was specially built at a cost of £25, fitted with cushions, plated handrail, pneumatic tyres, price £9 10s.— CLARKE 84 Co., Motor Engineers, Doncaster. 26 itS. GRNTS SWIFT.no% departure hub,free wheel; backpedalling and front rim brakes; everything complete; practically new; satistaltion guaranteed ; Inspection invited.-28. PERCY STREET, Warrington.

110r5e5. garrtagrOt Etbe *tuft &r

CHAMPION PONY; new rubber-tvred Governees Car and Harness £2.5; will sell separate.—Miss IsaEßwoon, 346; Watdleworth Brow, Rochdale.

ON iALE, TOY POSIERA.NI&N PUPPIES; also Black Pomeranian Bitch; 18 months old.—Apply 14, YOUNG- ST., Preston, Lancashire. - ON SALE, STALLION PONY, CART and HARNESS, £7 10s.; owner no further use; , Flat Top Furniture Cart,Light Lurry 7/ cwt.—GßlFFlTua,96,Eallway rd., Leigh

HORSICS' LOIN CLOTHS.—Best and strongest in the market ; 461 n. lonz by 38irt,wide. Waterproof on stout navy couvas. and weighs 41b. I will send one post trte for 3s. Cash returned if not approved.—HY.J.GAssox, Eye.

ITBSICO SUDORIFIC for lame or unsound Horses.— V Vesico Sudorific is the quickest, safest, and most famous emedy for Splint, Bpavin, Ringbone, Sidebone, Capped ock and Ribow, Curb, qindgill, Tumours, ,Vesk Legs, to, rice 2s. 6d. Orbs., of Cuemists, or pat ir9e --11aEctoav & ro. Temple, Bristol.

CA.BINETBIAKBR'S Vertical Spindle Machine latest type ; complete, with all accessories : cheap cash or Ire terms,—WALE, 47, Bankhall, Livervol.

BILTBS'S GAS and OIL ENGINES. successfully exhibited at all important shows; hundreds in use; quick de- livery; all sizes.—W.J.BaTxs & Co., LTD., Denton.Manchester BOILEBS.-FOR SALl4,two Babcock and Wilcox STEAM BOILERS, in perfect condition; very nearly new ; total heating surface of each bliler 1.42 square feet; each boiler is composed of nine sections each section being of eight best-quality steel tubes. 41n. diameter, 16ft. long ; the steam and water drams are 481 n. diametr, 21ft. 41n. long, made of half-inch mild steel piatea ; working stea-n pressure 150Ib. per square inch ; together with all fittings complete. —CUNLIFFE, rdill at., Aneoats, Manchester.

pATENT OF FIC APTCHESTER ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GBORIEB DAVIES & SON have ha-1 more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment, andpossess practioal knowledge of the cotton,wooller and irmimanufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. 9EORGE DAVIES, 0.11., & SON, F.1.P.A.. Bd.S.A 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

T. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMIT IC (late Orrnerod, Grierson and Co.), Hu!me. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, PPI!e7 and Tooth Block Patterns &c., telonglng to the late Henry Wren and Co., London-road Iron Works, Manche:ter, an,,, are in a position to Supply CAS rimas, Millwright,anca kir ls of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues Wheels and Pulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address: " Ornaerod Grisrson. Manchester'.

COUGHS, BRONCHITIS, TAKE ONLY COUGHS, TOWLE'S CHLORODYN E. ASTHMA, ABHOR SUBSTITUTES. COUGHS, CO NS U WPM N OR. SCOTT'S PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER I )R. SCOTT'S PILLS COMPLAINTS, HEADACHE, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTION, DR. scoTrs PILLS NERVOUS DR SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. scorrs PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices 15..11d. and 2s. 9d.

ASK YOUR BAKER FOR "VEDA" BREAD, THE MOST DIGESTIBLE, DELICIOUS AND NUTRITIOUS. EVERY LOAF IN A SEALED WRAPPER. AGENTS J. ¶OFT AND SON, 98, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE EXAMINER. OCTOBER 15th. 1904.

ie PER IMPERIAL QUART Zd U (BOTT LES INCLUDED.) SCOTCI3. AND IRIS WHISKEY ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER (WART, 1/8, 2/-, 2/6. 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BROS. wINE MEitCHANTS. 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.) EARLY AUTUMN :NOVELTIES. W. T. WILLIAMS Is LOW SHOWING A SNIART COLLECTION or e , 0 Am, r CRS, SKI :iTS, BLOUSES; MILLINERY, &c., &c. ?MOBS MODERATE. SIM WINDOWS Is SANKEY sr.& LuGa f., WARRINGTON.

LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events. In connection with "Young People's Sunday " at Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church, the Rev. R. W.ilkins Rees will preach to-morrow evening on " Coming t° oneself and coming to God." At Academy-street Chapel on Wednesday evening Dr. Bullinger (secretary of the Trinitarian Bib,le Society) will lecture on "The Word of God: truth and its power." Harvest thanksgiving services will be held at Wycliffe Church to-morrow (Sunday), when the, Eel' John Yonge will preach. Anthems will be rendered by the choir. The autumnal sermons in connection with Latch_ ford Baptist Church will be preached to-morrow° (Sunday) by the Rev. J. C. Elder, of Milton. er will be a young people's seivice in the afternoon. The first of a course of popular health arranged by the Health Committee will be cdv,.lo_ the Parr Hall on Wednesday, October :26th ''by,-,- fessor William R. Smith, M.D., D. Sc., F.R.S. (Ethilm President of the Royal Institute of Public Health. The subject will be "Infectious diseases, their causes and their Prevention." Sudden Death in Liverpool-road. lectureev,,F: A painfully sudden death occurred in Liver pool - road on Wednesday evening. Charles :Coon, who lives off Bramhall-street, was talking to Police Constable Woods about nine o'clock, and on leaving him fell down. When picked up he was dead. School of Art Student's Successes. We are pleased to hear that Mr. Thomas B. WhitbYd a student at the Warrington School of Art, has gain' ' an evening art scholarship offered by the Cheshire County Council for the session 1904-5. This is the second scholarship this student has won during thee year, the first being a full scholarship of the Board Education. He is to be congratulated upon the double success which is distinctly creditable both t° Mr. Whitby and to the school. A Ladies Ambulance Class Started. In connection with the local corps of the St. JOll Ambulance Brigade a ladies class was inaugurate last evening in the Borough Gymnasium. F°rt, members were enrolled and Dr. Adams delivered 1:1J5 first lecture to the interest and profit of those present' Miss M. Bindloss, of 45, Grappenhall-road, Stockton Heath. was unanimously selected secretary of thcet• class, with whom any who desire membership shun' communicate. Warrington Society. The winter "club nights" were inaugurated on Thursday when an enjoyable smokinc, concert w3t4' held at the Old Academy. Mr. J. Moore Murray Pre- sided over a fair attendance. A capital Pre - gramme was contributed by the Chairman, Messrs. R. Garnett, H. AI. Ashton, S. Waltea,a T. May, J. Richardson, W. Gray, Gibson Os G. S. Pendlebury (who acted as accompanist and responsible for the arrangements). A vote of thani", was accorded to the entertainers on the motion 0' Alderman Bennett, seconded by Mt. C. D. Parkinson'

Brick Street Band of Hope Society.: In connection with the above the first entertainnaell" of the season was held on Thursday evening. The chair was occupied by Mr. R. Pierce Willianis' Recitations were given by :—Ethel Bibby, Martha Knox, Elizabeth H. Bibby, William Wilson, Robert Ellison, William Davies and John Whittle. solog were rendered by Phillis Ingham and Maggie O-01.°13: in a pleasing manner, and two violin solos wevr" given in a very creditable manner by Master • Phillips. Six little girls gave a good interpretatioa of a dialogue entitled, " Six little nurses." evening's entertainment was brought to a close humorous dialogue entitled" Doctor Quack and P.'t P a tients." el. • 4 Racing Cars at Warrington. Cii Several powerful racing motor cars passed throlo Warrington on • Wednesday morning on their way' Blackpool where they will take part n the great on i test this week-end. One of the cars Pea in for repairs at the Lion Hotel yard, 311, on examination it was found that friction clutch had "seized." It was necessary t: send the car to Blackpool by train. About the sare time a huge 96 horse power Wolsey car pulled tiP opposite Messrs. Greenall's distillery, and was quickil surrounded by an interested crowd. The interest considerably increased when it became known that the: car was one which did the best time in a particill3r stretch in this year's Gordon-Bennett race, coveringY 72 miles in a few minutes over an hour. In the evet, ing several other racing cars passed thro.ug,..4 Warrington. sr' 8-441 guutla 14.'—`5t7,41.3,1

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED,. tutions. He was consulted and trusted by Parliamenst, Kings and Emperors, and he numbered among his per- sonal friend€l some of the wisest and best men of his SOCIAL SERMONETTES own generation. He died in 1831, at the ripe age of FOR seventy-six, and they buried him among the dust of Kings and nobles in Westminster Abbey. WORKING MEN. Thomas Telford was a good example Of how poor boys often become great men. He started life as poor as anybody. He roughed it, and endured hardship, but he made the most and the best of his talents and BY JOHN TAYLOR. opportunities. The secret of his success is to be found Author of "Search Lights on Land, Labour in his character. All through life he was famous for aad Social Problems." , his industry, intelligence, and integrity, and these qualities never fail to pull a man through. He lived to -- THOMAS TELFORD. fulfil Solomon's prophecy: " Seest thou a man diligent in his business? He shall stand before kings he shall not stand before mean men." "Telford had a long, successful, and useful life. Every step in his upward career from the 'poor peasant's hut in Eskdale, to Westminster Abbey, was nobly and valorously won. He was laborious, pains- taking, skilful; but what was better, he was honest and upright. He was a most reliable man, and hence he came to be extensively trusted."—Smaes. Thomas Telford, the famous engineer, and roadmaker, and bridge-builder, had a romantic career, and the story of his life reads more like a fairy tale than a sober record of facts. He started life in a poor shepherd's hut, near Dum- fries,in 1757, and shortly afterwards his father died, and he was left to the care of his mother, who earned a scanty pittance by working on a neighbouring farm. He picked up a little learning at the village school, and he gained such a reputation for cheerfulness and good temper that the boys nicknamed him ' Laugning•Tam." I.—TELFORD'S EDUCATION BEGAN WITH HIS APPRENTICESHIP. When he was fourteen years of age he was appren- ticed to a stonemason of high character and great ability. This man knew there was some sterling stuff in the lad, and he set himself the task of developing all that was brightest and best in him. He made him a capable and efficient stonemason, and he improved his education, and he moulded and fashioned his character. He not only taught him the art of hewing stone,. and building houses, but he trained him to use his eyes, and his brains, and his conscience, as well as his fingers. He taught him "the necessity of making himself acquainted with every detail in the procuring, and preparing, and employing of every kind of material, whether it be the produce of the forest, or the quarry'' or the forge." Telford in his latter years looked back to the days of his apprenticeship as the brightest and most helpful period of his life, and he was never tired of singing his master's praises. In his own biography, he tells us that "the habits he formed, and the training he received during his apprenticeship, were worth more to him than a University education. He not only became a work- man who could hold his own with any man, but he gained a reputation for industry, and intelligence, and integrity, that opened his way to the highest places in the land. IL—TELFORD SOON LEARNED EVERYTHING WORTH KNOWING. When he had finished his apprenticeship, he was offered a good situation in Edinburgh, but he did not stay there very long. As a matter of fact men would not let him stay long anywhere, and he had no desire to tarry anywhere, if he were not picking up some new ideas. As soon as ever he knew as much as his foreman or his employer, he thought it was about tune to be moving again and trying his luck elsewhere. His friends blamed him for his restlessness and told him that "a rolling stone gathers no moss." His 'retort was "a sitting hen never gets fat." His next move was practically a Government appoint- ment. Sir William Chambers had some large contracts for the building of Somerset House in London, and for the extension of Portsmouth Dockyard, and he was sorely in need of a trustworthy, capable builder, who could be trusted to carry outhis work in anyemergency. So he captured" Tam Telford" and senthim to London to help to build Somerset House. The youth soon distinguished himself there, and the following year he was promoted to be foreman of the building operations in Portsmouth Dockyard. This appointment brought him into close contact with the highest Government officials, and it gave him an oppor- tunity of studying the construction of docks, and quays, and wharves, and bridges. That was a liberal education for him. It enabled him to study the plans and methods em- ployed by the ablest engineers and architects in the kingdom, for overcoming some of the most formidable engineering difficulties, and it opened out a new field of operations for his restless energies. Next to the knowledge he gained during his apprenticeship, he valued the hints and helps he picked up during his sojourn at the Portsmouth Dockyard. When Sir Wi 1 ianiChambers had completed his contracts for the Government, the officials were anxious to retain the services of Telford, and to employ him permanently as inspector,and engineer,and adviser,for their harbours and quays, and bridges. But other employers were on his track,and competing keenly for his services. Offers of work with tempting wages were pouring in from all quarters, and before he was I,hirty years of age he was appointed surveyor of public works for the county of Shropshire. His new duties gave him the oversight of the roads, and bridges, and public buildings in that fair county. I need not remind you what our highways were in those days, and as for our bridges, well, we were content to ford rivers, and drive through streams, tn save expense, While Telford was putting those crooked things straight he entered on his career as a bridge builder. He built the Montford bridge over the Severn, near Shrewsbury, and] the Buildwas bridge, at Colebrook Dale, from new and original designs, and they are both fine examples of his genius. Each rew success simply inundated him with fresh applications for his services. He never had to seek a job. The jobs were always seeking him. The demands on his time and his intelligence multiplied so fast that he gradually drifted into a consulting engineer, who planned and devised great schemes,and watched the men who carried them out. lII.—TELFORD CARRIED OUT SOME DARING ENTERPRISES. It may be said of him as it was said of Sir Christopher Wren, the architect of St. Paul's Cathedral,—" if you seek his memorial, look around." If you would know what kind of man Thomas Telford was, go and study some of his mightiest works. In 1793, he was appointed sole agent, engineer, and architect for the Ellesmere Canal, which unites the waterways of the Mersey, and the Dee, with the river Severn. This canal is one hundred and three miles in length, and to avoid changes of level and the use of locks, Telford carried it over two fine aqueducts and through some lengthy tunnels. I was in the Vale of Llangollen a short timeago, and the fame of those aqueducts tempted me to go on a pilgrimage to see them. The one at Chirk carries the canal and towing path across the 'valley seventy feet above the level of the river. The other across the Dee is higher and longer still, and as I looked at their tall slender columns and graceful outlines, and remembered how long they had stood the'wear and tear of time, I was amazed at the daring genius, and the enduring work , of the poor Scotch lad who conceived and erected them To get over the difficulties of leakage in these aque- ducts be did not line and puddle them after Brindley's example. He struck out a new line of his own, and built a trough of cast iron plates, and fixed it over the masonry to keep it watertight. This is characteristic of the man. Difficulties were to him only things to be got over, and he always managed to get oyer them in his own original way. In 1801 the Government sent him to Scotland to inspeet the harbours and suggest plans for repairs and extensions. After he had done this they asked him to construct the Caledonian Canal from the north-east to the south-west coast of Scotland. This was a formid- able undertaking, for he had to build twenty-eight locks large enough to hold a sailing ship, and he had to cut a ship canal twenty-three miles in length. This undertak- ing cost nearly a million and a half of money, and it greatly enhanced Telford's reputatiou. While he was on his Scotch engagements he also made more than a thousand miles of road, and erected twelve hundred bridges, besides building harbours, docks, churches, and other public works. In 1808 he went to Sweden to superintend the making of the Gothic Canal, connecting Lake Wener with the Baltic. His next great work was the construction of the road from London to Holyhead. Our English roads were bad enough in all conscience, but those in North Wales were a great deal worse, and the passage of Menai Straits was risky and dangerous. The tides there often rise thirty feet, and rush past the rocks like a mill-race, and men, horses, and conveyances had to be carried from the mainland to the island of Anglesey by ferry boats. Telford designed a suspension bridge, with a span of five hundred and eighty feet, and a roadway one thousand feet in length, and hung it over the Strait. It is one hundred feet above the level of high water at spring tides, and vessels of three hundred tons can sail beneath it without lowering their top-sails. The first stone of the bridge was laid in 1819, and the masonry gave little trouble. But the hanging of the chains was another matter. The workmen climbed like monkeys to the most dangerous and dizzy heights, and three of them actually walked over the first chain as soon as it was fixed. The work lasted six years, and it cost £231,498. It opened in 1826, and the London and Holyhead mail-coach was one of the first vehicles to pass over.it. But time would fail me to tell von half the plans and schemes that passed through Telford's busy and fertile brain. He designed the Conway Suspension Bridge, and the Broomielaw at Glasgaw, and the Dean at Edin- burgh, and the Over at Gloucester. He designed St. Katharine's Dock at London, and improved the harbours of Peterhead, Banff. Fraserburgh, Cullen. and Kirkwall. He engineered the Glasgow and Paisley Canal, and the Macclesfield and Birmingham and Liverpool Junction, and the Gloucester and Berkeley, and several other similar waterways. And yet he was a good example of the truth that "the busiest men have always the most leisure." He found time to complete his own education, and to write articles to the Edinburgh Encyclopcedia. He learned to speak two or three other languages besides his mother tongue, and he wrote the story of his own strenuous life. In his biter years honours fell thick and fast upon hitu The Royal Societies of England and Scotland elected him to their membership,and he was feted and honoured by other learned, and philosophical, and scientific insti-

u The Best 1 a 1„ hualing Tonic t, After an illness Angler's Emulsion is both a healing remedy and a powerful tonic. After , an illness no other remedy will so !! quickly and surely heal the diseased ,„. tissues, restore the lost appetite, and A impart renewed vigour to the enfeebled 4 system. It is the remedy above all til others after Influenza, Pneumonia, k, Pleurisy, Bronchitis, or any illness IA affecting the lungs; also after measles, 1 t fevers, and in bowel disorders. It is prescribed by the medical profession and used in the hospitals. If you send gd. for postage, and mention this paper, we will send you a free sample. a 1 Anmers Emulsion si„STROLILUM WITH HYPOPHOSPHITa• Of Chemists, s/ri, 2/9 and 46; or post free from ANGIER CHEMICAL CO., LD., 32 SNOW HILL, LONDON.

Item of the balls, though only in comparatively rare cases can the running of ivory balls' be (le- pended on. (To be Continued.) Mr. Riiso Levi will-be pleased to answer in th:_,sr, columns all questions relative to the articl;.,, appearing isreekly, and as far possible any questions on other points in connection with the pine of Billiards. &welopes should be marked "Billiards."

Goddarcr6- Powder nr CleanißgSilverElectroPiate.k sold everywhere lb 2/o& 4/t,

ri New Departure _ JEWSBURY&BROWMS- - ; ::•.:A:::::‘"' l''!' '''''-'.. ' . -ORIENT/IL- -4 44 ( c?,, -..;4, - , .. -,.... - — ,. TO OTH Pn ST E ----„, Collapsible 4.7311.00 - ....A ----e.- _...- __ . , - ‘,1:10:•< .‘j&t. V:V( , .7 .; The ors gi nal Tubes 1/- ,----- -4, ''~:y..,4V -...,,,,,,, _, ~, & . Rl5O in Pots 1/6 &2/6 ''-'l--/ Only Genuine. - ~„ . ,

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE. OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S PILLS. AN INFALLIBLE REMEDY ! ! A RECORD CURE! 32, Archer-street, Breakfast Creek, Bayswater, Brisbane Queensland London, W. Dear Sir,—Some 15 years ago I had the misfortune Dear Sir,—Sunday night my big toe pained me, on be attacked with Rheumatic Gout. I tried nearly all Monday it was much worse, and in the evening I could the doctors here, but they did not do me much good. I scarcely walk. At 6 p.m. I sent for a bottle Df your saw your advertisement and obtained some of your Gout Pills, and took two at once. At 9.30 1 was much ills, and I can assure you quickly got relief. When I I> relieved, and could eat my supper. I took another feel any of the pains coming on, two or three pills gen- before going to bed, and although so hot I got a fair erally take them away. Many of my friends have used night's rest. I have taken two more pills to-day, and them, and all say they are an infallible remedy. For now, at 6.30, lam alright again. This is a record cure. myself, I say there are none to equal them. Yours truly, Yours truly PHILIP BRANS. S. L. HOWMAN. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all in- injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, ls. I.W. and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, is ISA and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS _ _ _ _ MOTOR NOTES. DRAUGHTS. WARRINGTON v. RUNCORN.—The Warrington club entertained the Runcorn organization on Saturday at the local club rooms Bibby's Restaurant, Market-street The game proved a rather one-sided affair, as the visitors came shorthanded. Preparations had been made for a team of from 14 to 20, but only seven put in an appear- ance, to the great disappointment of the Warrington players. The visitors received a hearty welcome, how- ever, and prior to commencing play were entertained to a substantial repast. Score : WARRINGTON. RUNCORN. Wins. Draws. Wins. 1 F. Dunne 1 H. Dobson 2 W. Tomkinson 2 E. J. Powell 1 S. Dent 0 G. Clare 0 E. P. Dunne 2 H. Gardner 0 S. Davies 2 4 CITY OF BRADFORD EXHIBITION, The Bradford Exhibition authorities have been endeavouring for some days past to arrange for a meet- ing between the Hebburn Colliery and Besses-o'-th-Barn Bands at one of the Exhibition bandstands, in order to gave the public a special opportunity:of comparing the merits of the two bands about whom such warm con- troversy has raged since the award of the first prize to Hebburn Colliery at the Crystal Palace. The sugges- tion that they should do this came from an influential source in London, and the Committee took the matter up with eagerness, and offered every possible facility. Not unnaturally, it was found impossible to bring the bands to terms for a competitive !meeting, but the Exhibition autholities have completed an arrangement which is the next 'best thing. " Besses " has been engaged to render a full programme on the afternoon and evening of Saturday, the 22nd. Thus] an excellent opportunity is afforded to visitors of hearing both bands within a few days, and forming their own con- clusions upon the vexed question of whether or not the awarMat the Crystal Palace was merely due to an error in regard to the number. " CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLooD MIXTURE "Is a guaran- teed cure for all Blood and Skin Disease., It is the most nourishing blood cleanser ever discovered,and it will free the system from all impurities from whatever cause arising,from Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema, Bad Legs. Pimples and Sores of all kinds ; its effects are marvellous. Thousands of Testi- monials. holal everywhere at 2s. 95. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.—Advt. 1, LARKS'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in sex, all acquired or constitutional discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the tack. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s, 65 each, of all chemists and Patent Medi,ine Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.— Advt. FLORILINE !—FOR THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Floriline " Powder," of all chemists and Perfumers,— Advt. VALUABLE DISCOVERY YoR THE HAIR.—If your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore. in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as Dromoting the growtn, for 3.. ;.er bottle.-- To MOTHERS. Ars. WirtaLow's Soothing dyrup has oeen used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their chil dren while teething.witb perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." 11 Chemists is. lid per bottle,—Advt.

_ RUBBER HEEL PAD A real good class Article Every Pair Guaranteed. - - Ladies' 4ad., Gents.' sid., Per Pair. Postage Free. „ Special Quotations for Quantities. Laurie & McConnal, Ltd.. MIEEMI Rubber Heel Specialists, Cambridge

-CKACHE _ . • • HOLDROYD'S GRAVEL PILLS are positive cure for Backache, Lum- bago, Dropsy. Gout, Sciatica, and Rheumatism. FOUR MONTHS ON HIS BACK. Mr. A. Newton, of Felt- barn, writes: 4. Your gills ;have cora- pletely cured me after four months on fr„' my back." is. lid. all asemists, or post free, 12 stamps, HOLDROYD'S Medi- , cal Hall, Cleckheaton, Yorks. A _CURED • youMUST KNOW GAUTIBR'S PILLS, composed of Apiol Tansy, Pennyroyal, and Steel REGULATE THB SYSTEM. Invaluable for all disoroera of the femaletconstitution. Post free 7.1 A., 2s. 3d. and 4e. 6d. per box. Mention this paper. bole Agents, BALDWIN & CO., Chemist (rept. 200) 9, Electric Parade. Holloway, London.

e BEpj NsoN LONGis WATCHES L ATCHES AND INS kt. lf,',, AL FOR LADIES itula. • it ta <-"' • ---7 -----___,_-_, N GOLD 4, (Fl rel =IV? ' - WATCH i ----'-\ i 4) 1 -1_ __,...7,-„-- v , ( •lik I ih.\\,,,:, 4444 ) 2 (14.,;, ' 'ter." \s`j_.t'•,, ' AND ' ~.7"t'''.. ...7 ~.".,\\ \',s, *0 f2lo\--1 (')`44 4 ) fl'o i- '';'-‘ ''''. -4'>'' lia •'.: CHAIN, (', 7. ...4:-.t....4\, ss.o 7,-,/ )4 1 1,(....D 10. co1)1 pl et e fr°3ll t. ..... 1 _ NO (3 1 ~......... - Ladies' Lever Watch in 18-ct. Ladies' Lever Watch in 18-et. 1 'Fs Gold Cases, Gilt Dial, ;.'5. , f (1-old Hunting, or Half Hunting Cases. £7 . 10s. PLINY OTHER DESIGNS ..5 TO ..1050. _ ,4 ~-;--FIL v. el •_,..- , Oit______________Ank ts q IT V .i )' '''* •c= e(c.,Fellr."---1 - , 'disimii ft..- i --' 19 tir) 1 Ruby, or Sapphire et: and Brilliants, 2.105. c01t44-4 -:\-' !,:•,--,,,, ;-'" ..., l' A ;7; I ~•:, ' , or) wp 0 Brilliants. £l5. Sapphires, or Rubies, and be purchased on " Cbc ChM, System o ,nd Brilliants, £6. f LI) of) MONTHLY PAYMENTS at the same prices as for Cash. • *•1:: • fC' ',, •,.., --- Single-stone Brilliant, Rubies. or Diamond Rings, Brilliants, Pearls, £1 . ss. Sapphires, £2. 15s. from £2 .ss. £l2. , ILLUSTRATED BOOK of Watches, Clocks, Chains, Rings, Brooches, Bracelets, "Imperial" Plate, Cutlery, Bags, Suit Cases, &c. Sent Post Free. J. W. BENSON, Ltd.,' The Premier Watchmakers, latcettrY : 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILLS LONDON.

TIRED MIEN. When you are tired of taking mysterious prescriptions,and weary of wearing Blectrio Belts, write to me, and I will send you a Book, which shows how every man, young and old, may be quickly and thoroughly cured of NERVOUSNESS. EXHAUSTION, VARICOORLE, and DEBILITY, from any cause whatever, WITHOUT STOMACH MEDICINV, or ELECTRICITY. Hundreds of cures. Book sent sealed,post free, for two stamps.—A. J, LEIGH, 92 and 93,Great Russell St., London. W.O. Over seventeen years' successful results.

4)1 Dis (roo j •pawls= Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Custard is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO EGGS! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

MERRYWEATHER ON WATER SUPPLY AND FIRE PROTECTION of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements. WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS: MERRYWEATHER el SONS, V, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C. is Wonderful water prooter tor BOOTS & HARNESS. Sot- / tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow polish- Dales ing with blacking. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITION HIGHEST AWARDS. Tins 2d.. 6d., &2/6 of Root ti I 3 bin Makers, Saddlers, Ironmoncers &Y. Mann/actor), East Dul-mch London. WASHING AT HOME. estarossos "vows'. WI" "lambing. 'maim& sad Mangling Znektosil SAVE TIME, SAVE LABOUR. and SAVE THE CLOTHES. Writs/or Csitaslorios, 'Mfrs" giVlitatufa. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140, 141, and x 42, HIGX HOLBORN, Lomport • VICTONUI ALViNUR, DZANIGATZ, MANCHISTER; 13114 MYLD.ornamie, LIVERPOOL: CRESCICNT IRON WOillra. SALiroins.

HoE,s SAUCE Hoe's Sauce as a relish isall that can be desired. Delight- fully appetising, and wholesome beyond question.
